QUARREL WITH- ALGIERS.

( From tlie..llarnp:hire Telegraph.)
PortTsmotyru, Fro. 2g.,—On Monday ]fist his
Majesty's brig Carnelian arrived from Algiers, last from Fal-
mouth, where she landed the dispatch from the Hon. Captain
Spencer, which appeareel in last Saturday-night's Gazette. The
arrival of the Carnelian at this port enables us to correct several
m4.s-statements :which have been made relative to her visit, with
the Naiad, to the pat of Algiers.. The specific object which in-
Iffbarctain°dnltake away
in-
duced our Govermnentto order these 'ships thither was, to demand
in fromtathe house of 31r. _Macdonald, our consul,
or an apology, for having made an at-
two of his servants, who are
Cabbais, natives of the interior, against whom the Dey had corn-
eommenced a war of extermination and of plunder. Captain S.
rdtielhr4e. nt
oDdsebeYraosrk:etihn open'
was also to demand permission tor .the English Consul to hoist
the British colours on the Consular Town-House, as a pro-
tection of himself and family from unprovoked insult. Captain
Spencer, on his arrival at Algiers, found two Spanish vessels in
the Mole, which had just been captured by the Algerine Cor-
vette Tripoli, and the crews of which were. destined to slavery.
Captain Spencer, therefore, with the, most praiseworthy
feeling, made the case of abese poor captives a part of his
demands to the /Is agreeably to the Exmouth treaty, which
renounced the rig t of the Dey to this inhuMan practice
over Christian subjects. Captain Spencer having waited
four days for the Defb reply to his demands, became appre-
hensive for the safety of the Consul and his family ; he, there-
fore, as a stratagem to- get them on board,gare out that he
meant to give a dejenne a lafnircidette and accordingly sent in.
vitations to the Consulate, and all the merchants and Euro-
peans on' shore, to honour hint with their company. The
next day (the 31st ultimo), the Dee
y not having made
any reply to the demands, -Captain Spencer made the signal
.for the Carnelian to get under way, and he left the Bay,
with all his pretended guests on board the Naiad. Whilst
the ships were working out of the bayatha -Algerine corvette,
which had captured the, two Spanish vessels before alluded
to, was espied dose under the land, running for the Mole,
which anchorage she would have reached bad not the Carnelian
instantly laid her on board, when Lieutenant Bagwell, at the
head of a party of the Carnelian's crew, resolutely jumped into
the main chains, followed by the second Lieutenant, Master,
and the remainder of the crew, excepting about ten men, whO,
'after having killed seven and wounded twelve of the Algerines,
drove the remainder' below, and captured the Tripoli corvette,
of 18 guns, and 100 men, in fine style. The crew- of the
Naiad, (which ship was outside of the bay), observing
the gallant efforts of the ,Camelion, manned the rigging,
and gave three cheers at the moment. of boarding. Cap-
tain Spencer took out the Captain ; but the corvette, being
in a leaky state, and disabled by the fire she had sustained
both from the
.Natid in, passing her, and the Camelion,
was abattloned. Ciptain Spencer proceeded to Malta, to ap-
prise the Coasanander-inXhief (Sir Harry Neale) of what had
occurred, and he dispatched the Cant lion to England, with the
result of his communication to the Rev. 1t was observed that
the Algerines-had considerably strenar,thened their weak points;
the Crown and-the-Seraglio bhttericsa tri particular. They tried
the effect of their shells, from one of the batteries 'nearest to the
Carnelian, whilst she was attacking the corvette, but she was
at too great a distance (about four miles) to.receive any harm
from them.a When the Camelion sailed (oh the Ist instant),
the Algerine squadron was at sea, cruising against the defence-
less Spaniards. A large razee frigate was cruising off Cape
St. Vincent ; two smaller frigates, and five corvettes, were off
Minorca and Majorca. It is,' however, supposed that they
all returned to port in a day or twn afterviards,- as, whilst the
Naiad and Carnelian lay there, a brig sailed suddenly, it is.
presumed, to rccal them. .The 'Carnelian stayed at Gibraltar
only a few hourS. There was no British ship of war then
there.. The Camelion is refitting at Spithcad ; it is expected
she will be the next convoy to Gibraltar. We understand that
it is the intention of Government to send out another expedi-
tion to attack Algiers, should the Day persist in violating
the treaty which he made with Lord Exmouth, by which
be agreed to abolish Christian slavery fir ever. For this
purpose, eight bomb-vessels are ordered to be prepared for
sea ; two of which—tile Terror, at this port, and- the Infer-
nal, at Deptford—will be commissioned in a few days. Cap-
tain
.A. D. Y. Arbuthnot (now in the Redwing) is appointed
to command the Terror, and Captain Williams Sandom the
Infernal. The Ranger, 24, Captain peter 'Fisher, sailed from
tins port on Sunday, and ;the Active, 46, Captain A. King,
on Tuesday, from Plymouth, to protect the British trade in
the Gut of Gibraltar ; and the Pandora,.l3, Captain W.
Gordon, sailed on Thursday. for Falmouth, to convoy any ves-
sels which may have collected at that port bound to the Medi-
terranean. A ship of war will be appointed for the same ser-
vice every fortnight, until afrairs.are adjusted with the Dey.
The Lively frigate, Captain W. Elliott, C. 8., is ordered from
Chatham to this port and Algiers. a-

The Pnris papers state, that the French cor-
vette Coquille, Captain DUFF:DAY, (who is now on a voyage
round the world,) was fallen in with by an American 'whaler,
on the lath of April last, about 400 leagues east cf Otaheite.

[From the Lo NOON: GAZETTE of Saturday.]
War-Office, Feb. 27.
6th Regiment of Dragoons—Surgeon Cohn Allan, M.D.,
from half-pay 7th West India Regiment, to be Surgeon, vice
John Bolton, who exchanges.
tnos—beECilsorr Anthony Mac-
et,
.vice William
eonlOntehn,Rferogimmehnatifo-pf
ayLi3gshtht DFragootoo,
Battier, who exchanges, receiving the difference.
12th Dito—Brevet Major Alexander Barton to be Major, by
purchase, rice Erskine, who retires ; Lieut. Thos. Reed to be
Captain, by purchase, vice Barton ; Cornet Francis Anthony
Morris to be Lieutenant, by purchase, rice Reed ; George
Marryau, Gentleman, to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Morris.
Ist Reginient of Foot—Captain Thomas John Harvey, from
half-pay 66th Foot, to be Captain, vice J. Gifford Cowell, who
exchanges.-
2d Ditto--EnsignJames Littlejohn to be Adjutant, vice
Jones, appointed to the' 96th ?opt.
nsign Robert Percy Douglas to be Lieutenant,
16th Ditto—Peter Bernard, Gent. to be Ensign, by Purchase,
vice Colquhoun, promoted..
by purchase,who retires • George Browne, Gent.
to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Douglas..'
40th Ditto—Major Michael Chamberlain, from half-pay 84th
29th Ditto—Ensign
Browne,
Foot, to be Major, vice Sempronius Stretton, who exchanges.
43d Ditto—Lieutenant John Cook to be Captain, vice Ry-
lance
to o b eceete:ll4;En: without Foot,
,purelmse.
49th Ditto—Lieut. Edward Robert Rundle, from half-pay
27th Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice R. H. Reardon, who ex-
changes, receiving the difference.
96th Ditto—Surgeon William Charles Callow, from half-
pay 20th Light Dragoons, _to be Surgeon ; Assistant-Surgeon
Alexander M'Andrew, from half-pay 62d Foot, to be Assistant-
Surgeon. _ - •

Royal African Colonial Corps—To be Lieutenants, with per-
manent rank—Lieut. John Swanzy, (with temporary rank);
Lieut. James Jackson (with temporary rank); Lieutenant
Thomas Mollan (with temporary rank); Lieutenant Herbert
Mends (with temporary rank).
HOSPITAL STAFF.—Dr. Robert Calvert, from halfpay, to
he Physician to the Forces, vice Adam Neale, who exchanges;
Assistant-Staff-Surgeon Samuel Hill, M.D. to be Surgeon to
the. Forces, vice Burmester, deceased; Assistant-Staff.-Surgeon
John Williamson, M.D. to be Apothecary to the. Forces, vice
Burrows, deceased.
To he Assistant-Surgeons to the Forces.—Hospital-Assist-
ant Jas. Low Warren, M.D., rice Hill; Hospital-Assistant
John Perkins, vice Williamson.
To be Hospital-Assistants to the Forces—James Murray
Drisdale, Gent. vice Warren ; George Tower, Gent. vice
Perkins.
MEMORANDA.—The removal of Major Cregh, from the
86th Foot to the 40th Foot, and the appointment of Major
Chamberlain, from half.pay 84th Foot to the 86th Foot, as
stated in the Gazette of the 24th ult., have not taken place.
qffice of Ordnance, Feb. 21—Royal Regiment of Artillery
—} irst Lieutenant Wm. John Stokes, from half-pay, to be
First Lieutenant, zice Dalzeil, retired on half-pay.
