THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE 0' CL 0 CK.
Montreal papers to the 2d of April, Quebec to the same
date, and Bombay to the sth of January, have been re-
ceived at the North and South American Coffee-house ;
also a Jamaica mail, by the Mutine—sailed on the Ist of
April, and a Lisbon mail, by the Savage—sailed on the
29th of April ; by which arrivals a large quantity of
papers have been received.

(From the Montreal Papers.)
" The frosty weather we have recently experienced
during the night, nearly counteracts ad the effects pro-
duced by the powerful influence of the sun during the
day; the streets, however,. are losing their covering of ice
and snow.

" From all parts of the Canadas we receive the pleasing
intelligence of the opening of the navigation."

(From the Quebec Papers.)
" St. John's, New Brunswick.

" The Assembly have rescinded their former vote of
14,0001. annually for the civil list, and resolved to address
his Majesty's Government once more on this important
question."

(From the Jamaica Papers of the 31st March. )
" We have received Bermuda papers to the Bth March.
They announce that a bill has been brought up to the
House of Assembly, for the final extinction of slavery on
the Ist of August. Accounts received at Jamaica, from
Aladeira, state that the governor of that island was deter-
mined to hold out to the last, provided that an overwhelm-
ing force did not make its appearance. The clergy thex'e
are in favour of Don Miguel, and most of the British resi-
dents are favourable to the cause of the young Queen.
The governor has ordered the theatre there to be razed to
the ground, in the event of Admiral Napier approaching.

(From the Bombay Papers.)
" A prosecution has been commenced againstthe Madras
Gazette, for a letter signed ' An East Indian Franklin.' "

(From the New York Commercial List, April 9.)

" TREASURY OF THE UNITED STATES.-REMOVAL- OF

DEPOSITS.

" The under-mentionedlocal banks (too long to give),
have been selected instead of the Bank of the United
States, and its branches, as depositories of the public re-
venues.

" The amount of specie on hand, between the Ist of Ja-
nuary and sth of February last, was 3,600,000 dol-
lars. The total amount of specie in the Bank of the United
States and its branches, at the same period, was about
eleven millions of dollars. The amount of the public re-
venue of the United States in deposits, from eight to
ten millions of dollars."
