LIORMIGIC OF GALWAY.

Lord EIEGGRAVE presented a petition from the
Borough of Galway on the subject of ha elective franchites.

ELECTION COMMITTEES.

Mr. J. JOHNSTONE gave notice of a motion for Mon
day on the subject of Election Petitions and Committees.
Sir W. INGLEBY presented a petition from Barton.
npnn•Hurnber spinst slavery.—Adjonrned till Monday.

I3RUSSELS PAPERS.

NATIONAL CONGRESS.
ilatmats, Nov. 16.

A letter front hf. Van de Weyer was. read, announcing,
that het erfeetly agreed in, the declaration of the members
of the Provisional Governmant reaping their authority,
whirls he could not sign becausehe was goneon a minion to
London, an account of which he then desired pertniesion
to give, which he did nearly, in the following terms :
Gentlemere—lf I could have expected that I should
Lave to day the honour of 'laying before yoU the nettle of
my mission, I would have made a circumstantial repoit.
I hope you will bear me with indulgence, Arriving on
the 4th of this month in England, I became acquained
with the speech from the throne, which made nor ebetain
from all proceedings for 48 hours, till the manifestation of
public opinion in England. I gave to several Manlier. of
Parliament art exact account of all that had passed in. Bd.
gium from the commencement of the revolution, and soon
perceived that all the parts of it that were known in
England had been misrepresented. Public' opinion mini!,
foisted itself after my arrival. Mr. Hohlmuse, a member of the
opposition, who bail spoken with warmth against some
paesares in the King's speech, relieved me from the ormlie'
nary formelities, and I was able to speak to Lord Aber-
deee, After having laid before that Minister an accurate
report of the einnition of Belgium, I positively asked him
if there was to be any intervention in our affairs ?'
He replied filet no resolutions had been taken on the
subjemit ; that the treaties would he respected—that the
stability of Europe would be mainteinedeeeend that he
declared on hi. honour that there would be no intervention,
unless that stability was in danger.
I observed to Lard Aberdeen that to declare that the
stability of Europe would he tneintaired, was deCiering
that there would be an intervention, awl I intimated to
him, according to my instructions, that any intervention
whatever, whether armed or diplomatie, would be rejected
by Belgium ; that it was resolved to defend its indepen-
dence against every hostile attempt of any power
whatever. He then spoke to me of the rnie-
sh,n of M. Gendebien to Pole, I thought it
necessary to *peak to higt with that frankness whirls
is the principal feature of our national diameter. I
told him plainly that my secret instructions were the came
as those of M. Gendebien. fie replied that we contra•
dieted each other ; that M. Gaidebien Was gore to offer
the Crown of Belgium to the Duke of Nemours. I obe'
served to him, that this could not be the reel object of the
raisoion of M. Gendehien, because it was not yet decided
what form of Government would be adapted in Belgium ;
that the Provisional Government, anticipating all hypo.
theses, had thought it necessary to ascertain the opinions
of France on this suisject, and I formally denied the inteo.
tine which be ascribed to us. This conference lasted about
three hours.
My secret mission was accomplished, and I thought of
returning, when one of my countrymen, who was at Lone
don, celled upon ate, and told me diet the Prirwo of Orange,
who had arrived twenty-farm before, desired to see inc.
I answiereel, that as Charge d'Affaires of the Provisional
Government I could not accede to his request; but as a
mere citizen of Belgium I was received the next day. 1
}tad a long converastion with him on time internal eitnation
of Belgium, from the day in which he made his entry
into Brussels, He justified all that he had done. I told
Min all lien was thought of his teouluct. (in his asking
me If lw bad any chance of obtaining the crown of Bel-
glom, I answered that Ira nay opinion he had none re-
inaMing. lie asked rue if OUT eooftrence would be made
labile? I answered that nay character of Charge.
d'Affeires obliged me to he absent in Erigiend, hut that I
was Revival to acquaint my fellow-eitieene with it. That
if royproeeeding had need of joistification, it would be
*efficient, in my opinion, to allege that delicacy cusp.
ITHIOded me to take it, first, because he be,ll been Prince
in Belgium, and that I ought' not to refuse his request In
his painful situation. This wise time only oatmeal bad
with the Prince.
I made art farther application to the Emilia)) Minsstry ;
it would have been oontrary to, tire dignity of the provi.

atonal Government and of the nation to solicit favours, but
the day after my conference with the Prince of Orange
the same 'rerun who had asked me to wait on him came t
inform toe that the Duke of Wellington desired to consult
toe on the affairs of the country. :I wrote to the Minister
that I would accede to hie invitation. I received an answer
in the most flattering terms. I received from him more
precise and ►nure categorical information respecting th.
restion Of intervention that I had obtained from Lord
Aberdeen. It is to he observed_ that since my inlet view
with Lord Aberdeen five days had elaped, during which
the English people had manifested their opinion, and Mr.
fl,thhouse had promised to bring forward the following
week a motion to obtain the intentions of the Government
respecting Belgium.
The Duke of Wellington declared upon his honour, that
it had never been the intention of England to intervene hu
any manner in the affairs of a pacific nation, that it would
not in any manner influence Belgium in the choice of any
Government whatever ; that it hoped, notwithstand-
ing, that that which would be adopted would he
calculated to maintain peace and tranquillity.
concluded by saying, that he highly approved the choice
of several Members of Congress, which induced him to hope
moderation and wisdom. I then waited on Mr. Ilobliotte,
to induce him to withdraw his motion. Notwithstanding
the assurances which the Minister had given me. I der
sired to obtain a public declaration from him. The se-
veral explanations which I had with Members of Parlia-
ment, the sympathy with which they listened to my de-
tailed statement of our grievances, have proved to me that
we have ardent defenders in England, and that our revo-
lution is no longer celumniated there.
This report was received with loud applause.
M. Constantine Rodenbach proposed a vote of thanks
to M. Van de Weyer, which wits passed by acclamation.
M. Ilerbroek Peelers-.-Nothing has been said of the
port of Antwerp, or the navigation of the Scheldt:
M. Van de Weyer—Agents from different Cabinets had
already gone to Brussels, to consider of measures relative
to the port of Antwerp. I was certain that they would
also consider the navigation of the Scheldt. The free
navigation of the Scheldt Cannot now be caled in question.
expressed this opinion as an individual to the Ministers
of England, who appeared to me not to consider the matter
in another point of view. I forgot to mention in the re-
port I have just made to you, that a hint was given to me
to know whether I would attend the diplomatic confe-
rences, and that 1 wee resolved not to attend to them, be- ,
cause it would have been conceding to foreign Powers a
right to sanction proceedings against which I should have
the right of protesting in the sequel.—(Applause.)
Dc Jottrand asked M. Van de Weyer to state the ground.
on which the Prince of Orange rested his justification.
111. de Stassart—As we have nothing to do here with
the justification of the Prince of Orange, I propose the
Order of the Day.

M. Van de Weyer—To justify means to attempt to
justify his conduct, the situation of the Prince with respect
to me made it a matter of delicacy on my part not to go at
length into his justification.
M. Jottrand—This explanation is satisfactory. I only
wanted to know whether the allegations of the Prince were
inclusive in the opinion of M. Van de Weyer.
M. Nothomb, as Deputy of the province of Luxem-
burg desired to know of M. Van de Weyer whether Lord
Aberdeen and Lord Wellington knew that the Grand
Duchy had been taken possession of in the name of the
Pt ovisional Government, and what opinion those Ministers
expressed un the subject?
M. Van de Weyer—They doubtless know of it; but I
could not put any question to them on the subject ; but
Lord Aberdeen having spoken incidentally of the province
of Luxemburg, I observed that it had been taken possession
of under the responsibility of the treaties. To which he
replied by shaking his held.

Al. de Robaux:....-M. Van de Weyer, in his report, says
nothing of the armistice by which Antwerp and Maestricht
were to he evacuated. Antwerp is still under the guns of
the enemy, who keep that position to awe the National
Congress.
AI. Van de Weyer-1 could not mention this subject,
which was foreign to my mission, knowing that the
Powers had sent agents to Brussels. I supposed that the
Provisional Government would confer with them ; besides,
as I had resolved not to be present at the conferences, I
could not speak of the armistice. I suppose the Hon.
Member knows more about it than I do, as he has been in
a 5111146/11 to know what has passed.
Al. Destouvilles desires that the report shall be drawn
up and printed. . _ .

M. Van de Weyer said he would submit a report to the
Congress.-7(Applause.)

President announced that the order of the day was
the motion of M. Werbrock Peelers, respecting the in-
violability of the Deputies; but that gentleman declared,
that, on considering the opiniona of the sections, he
thought Lis proposal would be rejected, and therefore
withdrew it.

A motion of M. de Celles was read, to the effect that
the Congress declared the independence of the Belgian
nation, and will no separate till it shall have consolidated
it by liberal institutions.
do Cellos—The independence of Belgium is a fact ;
hut I think it nut toeless solemnly to dtclare it. I con-
ceive this independence with regard to the dependence on
which we seem to be on the Great Powers of Europe.
When Be!gimp was joined with Holland, in 1814, it was
said that Holland received an increase of territory. We
have derived nothing The Autocrat of Russia, while in-
voking liberty, did not invite us to avail ourselves of it,
nor was it for the interest of Holland and the Dutch,
but from apprehensions of danger from France, that
this rumour took place. My principal objection
making any proposal is to have it declared, that we will
not he a province of France or of any other country.
Before the French revolution, we had enjoyed from time
immemorial the independence of our tights, though sub-
ject to different dynasties. We were afterwards &ailed
by the glory of the French armies. 'We have not since
found a second Buonaparte, it would be strange if it
should be attempted again to subject us to a master. If
Europe should again league fur this purpose, it would he
made to see, that if the last argument of Kings is the
cannon, the lust argument of the people is barricades.--
(Bravo,)
A propmeil of M. Constantine Rodenbach, in the fol-
lowing terms was read :—" I desire, that the Congress
shall declare King William L and all his descendants, ex-
chided from all power in IlOgium."

Another waillead of M. Perron, of which the following
the suli4taneo:--

" The lcLitional C'o►ngress, considering the oath of King
William to the fundamental law, that los reign ever since
his{, acressiun, is a deception of that law (the mover enu-
merates all the infractions of the fundamental law), con-
sidering that by the message of lI th December be at-
tempted to eatnblish deopotism—eonsidering the horrors
committed by his troops during► the revolution, declarer►
the exclusion (derheance) of all the members of the House
of Nassau."

The mover wished to have this resolution placed at the
head of the new fundamental law : he added that if she
secusation were not just a defence would he permitted.
The proposal wee seconded, and sent to the *onions. A de-
hate then aloe on the question. whether the motion rela-
tive to the exclusion of the house of Nassau, or that relative
Li the form of the Government, should have the priority.
M. tlc gtessert wee very desirous that the proposal to
exclude the house of ,Nassau should be first discussed, but
several Members found that the agitation of this question,
while the citadels of Ithestricht snti Antw.•rp were in the
hands of the Dutch, might he productive of greet disasters
to the inheltitente of those cities. I: was resolved by S►ct to
77, that the question of the exclusion of the [loose of
Nassau shotr'd he discussed after that of the form of
Government.

A letter from Algiers states that the English
Consul ill that town has received despatches from his Go-
vernment, suranmeing an Boglish expedition against
Tripoli. It is also asserted that the English Consul at
Tripoli has lately been insulted, and that his intention is
not to admit any apolouy or satisfactiwn—Constantionnet,
A DchicATE DISPUTL—Lord CARLISLE
had touch of the Maori humour in Idol. Ilia mother
was a sister of the homicidal lord, and possessed some of
the family peculiarity : she was endowed with great talent,
anti in her latter days she exhibited great singularity. She
wrote beautiful verses and piquant epigrams ; among
others, there is a poetical effusion of her pen addressed to
Mrs. ORKVILVE, on her Ode to Indifference, which, at the
time, was much admired, and has been, with other poems
of her Ladyship, published in Manor's Collection. After
moving, tin a long time, its urns of the most brilliant orbs
in the sphere of hishion, she suddenly retired, and like her
morose brother, shut herself np foists the world. While
she lived in this seclusion, she became an object of the
sportive satire of the late Mr. Vox, who characterized
Iles' WI

Carliale, io rap."

I have heard a still coarser apostrophe by the same gentle-
man, It seems they hail quarrelled, and on his leaving
her in the drawing-ruinn, she callvd after him, that lie
might go obout his hinhiess, for,abe did not care two skips
of a louse for him. coming to the hall, finding paper.
And ink on the table, wrote two:, lines in answer, and.,
sent it, up to her to the effect that she al ways
`spoke of what wam running; in her head...-Gotes ,Life of
eon,

PRICES OF IRISH STOCI
!tank Stock 221
Consols, 3 tier cent.
Gov. Stock, 3W, per cent PS
Ditto, New
4 per Cent —l
Dov. Deb. 36 percent RN
Royal anal Stock
Grand Canal Stock 23
City Deb. 4 per cent
Ballast Office Dab. 4 p. c

It A
Due.
0 America 0
O Brasil
Q.Buenos Ayres 0
Cart hagena 0
O Dublin 0
O Flanders tl
O France 0
O Ouernsev &Jersey 0
