was received with loud cheers. Its trusted that they
would place-Sir Henry Bunbury at the head of the
poll.—(Loud cheers.)
Sir lIVDU POKED. seconded the nomination.

Sir HENRY BUNBURY now stood forward, and
Was received with the most flattering tokens of ap-
probation. He trusted the contest would be con-
ducted without animosity. For the two gentlemen
who were his rivals he entertained a high regard.
BSA/TY—Oh I you don't call Gooch a gentle-
men ?—( The tone of seriousdet quiet remonstrance
in which this was uttered was irresistible, and roars
oflaughter followed.)
Sir HENRY then said, that having thus offered to
shake hands before he began, he was then ready to
enter the ring.—(Cheers and laughter.)
Mr. DALTON next addressed the electors for the
purpose of placing Charles Tyrrell, Esq., in noraina-
eon, as a proper person to represent the county.—
He had no private ends to serve—he neither wanted
a Peerage for himself nor a fat living for his son.—
(Loud cheers and laughter.) His ancient name
needed not the one, nor his ample fortune the other.
—(Cheers.) He would be the stanch supporter of
religious freedom all over the world—(Great cheer-
big.) Mr. Dalton then nominated Charles Tyrrell,
Esq., as a candidate, and retired loudly applauded.
Captalu Hum seconded the nomination.
Mr. TYRRELL now presented himself, and was very
well received. He, coincided in what had fallen
from Mr. Dalton, who had correctly stated his sen-
timents. He was an enemy to slavery ; and as to
reform he would advocate any constitutional reform
that could be devised, though he could not support
wild and visionary projects.—(Cheers.)
The poll-books were soon after opened, and
polling commenced pretty freely, At the close of
the day, the Sheriff declared the numbers to stand as
follows:

Sir Henry Bunbury ........ . . .......1,056
Mr. Tyrrell
Sir Thome Gooch 626

The poll was not declared until eight o'clock,
after which, in the face of so overwhelming a ma-
jority, Sir Thomas Gooch thought it prudent to
send his resignation to the Sheriff, and Sir H.
Bunbury and Mr. Tyrrell were accordingly declared
duly elected.
The successful candidates then addressed the
electors, after which the electors separated in great
joy at the result of the contest.
Pickpockets were uncommonly active in the
crowd, and many of the gentry were eased of their
superfluous cash.

EXETER, Ave. 10.
As soon ea the proceedings of the day had been
opened by the High Sheriff,
Sir LAWRENCE VAVGIIAN PALK, Bart., came for-
ward and proposed Mi. Bastard.—(Cheers, mingled
with groaning.)
Colonel DRAKE seconded the nomination.

LYON, Esq., then proposed Sir Thomas Ac-
land, Bart., in a speech in which he highly eulogised
the Hon. Baronet for his intelligence, independence,
integrity, and industry.
The nomination was seconded by GEORGE Test-
PLAR, Esq., who bestowed some very fulsome praise
upon the • Worthy Baronet, and observed, besides
other matters, that " his (Sir Thomas Aciand's)
brilliant and beneficent qualities, like the rays of
the great luminary of the day, were so familiar, that
the people had become indifferent to the blessing
which they derived from them."
Sir IiOUCHIMI WRAY, Bart., proposed Lord
Bbrington, as possessed of all the qualities which
entitled him to the high honour of representing the
county in Parliament.
The nomination was seconded by Capt. HAwi.vN.
Mr. BASTARD then said that lie should not de-
tain the freeholders from the poll. His cause wet
in their hands, and he was confident that it must
tweeted.
Sir T. ACLAND nest addressed the freeholders to
the same effect as on Saturday, and at some length.
The Him. Captain Pormuctirt then came for-
ward, and, turning to the body of freeholders, de-
elated, on Lord Itbringtonis part, that the reports
and assertions of a coalition between his Lordship
and Sir Thomas Aeland were utterly false.
Sir T. ACLAND hers took off his hat, and, MM.
log forward upon the verge of the hustings, slowly,
but loudly and distinctly, said, " Hear, hear !
Hear, hear!" four times.

The finEnttiv then called for a thew of handy.
Ear MG Bastard a considerable number were raised;
about twice as many for Lord Ehrington; and nearly
as many for Sir T. Arland as for both the other
candidates taken together.

The thou SHEI4FP declared the choice of the
freeholders to have fallen upon Lord Ebrington and
Sir Thomas Arland, but Mr. Yard huller having,
on the part of Mr. Bastard, demanded a poll, the
freeholders immediately adjourned to register their
ernes in the several booths, by which the court=yard
Is surrounded. The number of persons present we
should imagine to be about 10,000, of whom the
greatest part were freeholders and yeomanry of the
county. The fair friends of the respective candi-
dates graced the windows of the court-house, and
were as numerous as on Saturday last.

FIVt O'CLOCK.

The polling has just concluded for the day. The
following are the numbers announced by the She-
riff:—

Ebrlttpiton
Dastard
Achim!

READING, WitIONVIDAY.
The close or the poll last night was—

Palmer.
Russell.
Lushington
