~~

Nearly rea.ly, in 2 vols. post Svo.
THE EAST INDIAN SKETCH-ROOK
Ey Mrs. ELTON SMITH.
Henry Colburn and Richard Bentley, New Burlington.
street.

Nearly ready. in 3 vols. post Syn.
TliE PRIVATE CONTINENTAL
CORRESPONDENCE of aWOMAN of FASHION.
Henry Collnirn and Richard Bentley, New Burlington-
street.

This day was published, in 3 vols. post Svo.,
4IGHTS AND SHADOWS OF
AMERICAN LIFE.

Edited by MARY RUSSELL MITFORD.

Henry Co'bum and Richard Bentley, New Burlington-
street.

THE EARL OF AIULGRAVE'S NEW NOVEL.
This day way published, in 3 vole. post Svo.
H E C n. N. T-R. A S T.
By the Author of "
" Yes and No," &e.
Henry Colbutn and Richard Bentley, New Burlington-
street.

NEW NOVEL BY THE AUTHOR OF '• GRANBY."
This day was published in 3 vols. post.•Svo.
T ARLINGTON.
By the Author of " Granby,"
and " Herbert Lacy."
Henry Coll,urn and Richard Bentley, New Burlington-
street.

Nearly ready, the Third and Coneludinz Volume of
SIR *JONAH BARRINGTON'S
PERSONAL SKETCHES OF HIS OWN
TIMES.
Published by Colburn and Bentley, New Burlington-
street.

Just published, price 3s. 6d. No. XXXVIIL of the
GARDENER'S MAGAZINE, and RE-
GISTER of RURAL and DOMESTIC IM-
PROVEMENT.

Conducted by J. C. LOUDON, F.L.S. H.S. &c.
Al4o, price 34. 6d. Nn. XXVII. of the

MAGAZINE of NATURAL HISTORY; and JOUR-
NAL of ZOOLOGY, BOTANY, MINERALOGY, &c.
Conducted by the same.
London : Longman, Rees, Orme. Brown, and Co.

UNDER THE SUPERINTENDENCE OF THE SOCIETY
FOR THE DIFFUSION OF USEFUL KNOWLEDGE.
On the Ist of June will he published, to be continued
Monthly.
GALLERY OF PORTRAITS.
No. L containing DANTE, Sir 111.31PITRY

DAVY, and KOSCIUSKO, with accompanying Bio-
graphical Memoirs. Super •royal Bvo., price Half-a-
Crown.
The PENNY MAGAZINE, Part 11., price Sixpence.
London : Charles Knight, 1:3 Pall-mall East.

THE MONTHLY MAGAZINE
for JUNE will contain, among other Articles :

I. The Political Education of the People—ll. Stanzas,
by James Sheridan Knowles—lll. Hints to Portrait
Painters—lV. Cottage Picture—V. Scenes in the Irish
Highlands—Vl. Anecdotes of German Courts—Vll.
Song of the Transf,mmed—Vlll. The Human Cuckoo, by
the Author of Three Courses and a Dessert—lX. Anti-
biography of St. Simon—X. Sonnet to Noon—Xl. Me.
dicin,! as a Science and as a Trade—Xll. Women are the
Devil !—XIII. Notes on America; No. I—XIV. On
the Natural Depreciation of the English Nobility—XV.
Pyrology—XVl. Cuvier and his Ctbinet—XVll. The
Refugee, by the Author of the Merchant in London—
XVIII. The Poriote Doctor—XlX. Character of Casimer
Perier—XX. The Poet's Prison—XXl. Our Anniver-
sary ; " The Monthly" to the Notes of
the Month—on " the 13W," and other popular Topics—
XXIII. Review of Books, Drama, &c —XXIV. Works
in the Press, Agricultural Report, &c.
Whittaker and Co., London.—Price 2s. 6d.

GENERAL ROYAL MARL AND DAY CAR OFFICE,
pui(LAYar,e WATERFORDrespectfully
E i
THinformed that
the ROYAL MAIL and DAY CARS start from
COMMINS'S HOTEL, in the followini, order,
PASSENGERS AND PARCE with
TOWNS. HOURS OF' ST kRTIN, FARES.
Ballinasloe, 5 o'clock, a.m.. .................. .1.6 'II:
Ballyhale 1, p. in ....................................... . . 6)
ditto:sli
o'clock,
t.. .. .... ..
1..
~.. ... ...... .................................................................................................... 1:43.2 !!
Banaglier,
Bonisoleigli,
Borrisokane, ditto
Bruit;l2 r
Caher, 5 and 9 a.m. ......................
Cashel, • 5 and 9 a.m. and :3 p.m ..... .. . ;;Y:.a.;;:i t();
Carlow, 3 p.m.
Carrick, 5 and 9 a.m. and 3 p.m 7 0
Clogheen, 5 and 9 a.m.
Clogordon,
Clonmel, 5 and 9 a.m. 3 and 3 p.m 12 0
Cork, 5 a M 6
12 6
Dublin,
Dungarvan, ditto ', 0
Doneraile, 5 a.m io 6
Enniscorthy, 6 anti 11 a.m. 5 0
Eyre Court, ditto l4 6
Fermoy, 3 a.m 10 0
Fethard,
Freshford, 3 p.m • 5 6
Foulks's Mill, band 11 am 4 0
Kilkenny, 3 p.m. and 9 a.m
Kilmegony, 9am 3 6
Knocktopher, ditto
Kilinacthomas, ditto
Kildorrery, sa m 10 0
Kilmallock,
Landscape,
Limerick, 5 a.in 10 6
Littleton, S p.m 8 0
Mallow, ditto l2 0
Mitchelstown, ditto
Nenagh . 3 p.m. 11 0
Parsonstown,
Rathconnick. ditto ll 0
Itoscrea, S a.in 10 6
Ross, 6 and 11 a.m. and 3 p.m 2 0
Shinrone,
StonytOrd, 3 p.m
Stonepound, 0 and 11 :Lin 4 0
l'glinion
Thurles, • 5 and 9 a.m. and :3 p.m..., 7s. rd. and 7 0
Tipperary, 5 and 9am 7 0
Templemore, ditto 1 0
Urlingford, 3 p.m 7 r
Watergrass 1101 sam 11 0
Wexford, 5 and 11 am.
Cars leave Kiik,,nny at five o'clock every morning, fix
Cork, Limerick, Mallow, and the adjacent towns in the
South, also at six o'clock for Waterfold, Carrick, and
nudes. A Car starts from Thurles for Limerick at nine
o'clock, and for .Nenagh at one o'clock, and a Car leave a
Cork at six o'clock, a.m.
pas,ing through Fertnoy, Kil-
dorrery, Kilmallock, Bruff, and arrive: at Gleen's hotel,
Limerick, before three o'clock, leaves Limerick at nine
o'clock, a.m. and arrives in Cot k at six, p.m. Fare Ps. tid.
A Car leave, Dungarvan at six, a. 0. and arrives at
Cl tinn,l before ten, leaves it at three anti arrives at Dun-
garvan at seven. Fare .1••.
''' „ ' The Proprietor will not be accountable for any
money, plate, in millinery whatever, or fur any parcel sent
" to or ft our" any of the above places, over the value of 2/.
sterling. Neither will he be accountable for damage ne-
cas:oned by wet or friction.
Twenty pounds of luggage allowed to passenger: free.
A charge will be made of Id. per pound under fifty
W les, and 111 per pound for any dist ince above that.
C. 111ANCONI, Proprietty.
Waterfoi,l, June 1, 153•?.

WASHINGTON IRVING'S NEW SKETCH-BOOK
rbis day was published, in 2 vols. Svo. uniformly wit)
the former Seri, s, 245.
rr FI E A L .1-1 A M 13 It A .
By GEOFFREY CRAYON.
I fenny Colburn and Ricliard Bentley, New Burlington
strt,t.

THE BANK CHARTER.
Just published, price la. Gd.,
AN ADDRESS to the PROPRIETORS
of BANK STOCK on the SUBJECT of the
CHARTER, the EXCLUSIVE PRIVILEGE of BANK-.
ING, the PRODUCTION of A ccouNTs, and an IN-
CREASE of DIVIDEND.

By Mr J. P. WINTER, a Proprietor.
London : Pelham Richardson, 23, Cornhill.

In a few
LORD DURHAM'daSys, SPEECH on the
METROPOLITAN CLAUSE of the REFORM
BILL, with an Appendix and Important Papers by the

NEW PLATE FROM MR. WILKIE.
NOW ready,
THE PENNY WEDDING.
Plinted by DAVID WILKIE, R.A. ;

Engraved by James Stewart. Dedicated, by express
permission, to his Majesty, the possessor of the Original
Picture; being the same size, and forming an exact com-
panion, to his " Blind Man's Buff,"
Prints X" 1i! 6 I Proofs 5 5 0
India 7 7 0 I Before letters ...10 10 0
London : Published by Moon, Boys, and Graves, Print-
sellers to the King, 6, ; and irriy be had of every
respectable Priutseller in town and country.
Also, just published,

The DEPARTURE of the ISRAELITES from
EGYPT. Painted by DAVID ROBERTS, and beautifully
Engraved by J. P. QUILLEY, forming an exact com-
panion to Martin's " Belshazzat's Feast."

Prints...X2 21 Pr00f5....Z2 13 ti 1 Before letters....-05 5

SLAVERY.

EXTRACT from the MINUTES of the
AGENCY COMMITTEE of the ANTI-SLA-
VERYSOCIETY, held on the 30th May, 1532.

Re,olved,—That the Electors of Berkshire be reminded
of their imperative duty as Christians, and as Englishmen,
to exercise their Elective Franchise at this critical period
in fivour of their wretched fellow-subjects in the Colonies,
criminally and iniquitously detained in Slavery, and be
most earnestly implored to exact front the Candidates for
the Representation of that County a distinct, decided, and
unequivocal pledge to support ani and every motion in
Parliament, having for its object the immediate and total
abolition of Colonial Slavery.

JOHN CRISP, See,

HAMPSTEAD -ELIGIBLE INVESTMENT.
VALUABLE COPYHOLD ESTATE.
TO BE SOLI) BY AUCTION,
By Mr. REID,

Son-in-Law and Sueeeor to the late Mr. JOHN ROBINS

(Of Warwick House, Regent-street,)

At Garraway's Coffeehouse,.

'Change-alley, Conahill, on

Tnuasnar, June 14, at Twelve o'clock,
AValuable COPYHOLD ESTATE, com-
prising a desirable compact RESIDENCE,
situated on 11 nopstead Hill, near the Heath, commandinß
richly varied and beautiful prospects over a vast extent of
country. The house is planned with convenient apart-
ments, numerous good bed-chambers, servants' sleeping
rooms, and appropriate domestic offices; green house,
pleasure grounds surrounded by plantations, enclosed by a
subst mtial Inick wall, detached coach houses, stables,
harness room and lofts, wiih fore court and garden. In
the occupation of and on lea,e to a highly respectable
tenant, for a term of which 19 years are unwire,: at
Midsummer day next, pi eseuting an eligible opportunity
for investment.

To be viewed by permission of the tenant ; of whom
particulars may be had ; at the Castle Inn. 114mpsttad ;
the principal Inn, Highgate; of Messrs. Kinderley and
Denton, solicitors, Lincoln's Inn New-square; at Guru-
ways ; and of Mr. Reid, 170, Regent street.

" The Fair of May Fair" is the work of a
lady who has established herself as painter to the nobility;
Mrs. Gott.ll is a womren of genius : wbat Lady AlottuAN
was to Irish life, Airs. GORE is to the world of May Fair
the artificial cosmogony ; the creation of centuries of pri-
vilege, wealth, and luxury. It has never happened to us
to be more certain of any thing, than that the fluent, nay
overflowing and most pregoant wit of this authoress, is
doomed to survive as the evidence of modern manners.
Of the fashionable world, she is the kaleidoscopist; she
exhibits it accurately in bright detail, and, rejecting the
dulness and the tedium, the residue is tossed into her ma-
gical tube, and turned round and round, for the benefit
of the lovers of brilliant variety."—Spectator.
LIVERPOOL, MAY 29.—•1,500 bales of cot-
ton are calculated to have been sold to.day. The enume-
ration of particulars are 150 Maxi's; Pernatns, at Sid. ;
13ahias, 6,1 d. to 74d. ; and about 1,300 packages of
American descriptions, from 6d. to Sd.
Yesterday morning, between two and three
o'clock, as Mr. J. BLACK was passing down the 'Wtote-
uinster.road, he was hustled by some villains, who rob-
bed him of a valuable gold watch, gull chain, and seals,
,vith which they got clear off.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Jcxx 1.

The Royal Assent was given, at Four o'clock, by Cony
mission, to the following Bills :—To facilitate the Reco-
very of Tithes in Ireland—Civil Departments of the Navy
—lnsolyent Debtors (India)—Poor Allotments—and 14
private Billq.
The Commissioners were, the Loan CHANCELLOR, the
Duke of RICHMOND, and the Marquess of LANSDOWNE.
The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the
Woolsack at a litt:e after five o'clock.
MESSAGE FROM THE COMMONS.

Mr. BALirourt., Mr. YATES PEEL, and others, brought
up thirteen or fouitt•en private Bills from the House of
Commons, which were all read a first time.

Lord VERNON presented a petition signed by ne tidy
;200 of the inhabitants of Chapel en-le-Frith, Derb)shire,
praying for Parliamentary Reform, and declaring their be-
lief that it would prove a security against the evils of tlope
real revolutions tinder which so many countries have been
suffering.
TITHES (IRELAND).
Lord KING presented a petition against tithes from
the parish of Ballyrnore, in Westmeath, and the
p irish of Kilross, in the county of Cork. These
petitions came from a land of contrarieties, for no
stioner was it solemnly affirmed here that tithes existed
" de jure," then they declared there they should exist
"de facto." No sooner did we resolve here that
tithes should he paid than it was determined there that
they should not be paid, and although, they had now
no battles of Skibbereen, they had the exhibition of artil-
lery, cavalry, and infantry escorting a cow to auction—
(Laughter), and fairly to sell her. This afforded another
proof of what had been proved over and over again, that
neither tithes nor taxes could be levied by an army,
and that they could never expect to have peace in Ireland
till proper provision was made for the Catholic clergy.
—Petition laid upon the table.

EDUCATION (IRELAND.)
The Bishop of CHESTER presented petitions against
the new plan of education in Ireland, from Guildford
and Camberwell.—Laid upon the table.
The Bishop of LICHFIELD presented a similar peti-
tion from a parish in Staffordshire.
The Marquess of CLANRICARDE complained of the
misrepresentation of the Right Rev. Prelate, regarding
the nature and objects of the new education plan. There
was no withdrawal of the Scriptures. If they were to
have a system of national education at all, the Govern-
ment plan was the only one which could be successfully
adopted.
Lord RODEN—The Roman Catholics were most
anxious to attend the Kildare-street Society schools ;
the priests only were opposed to the Bible.—(Hear.)
The new system was wholly inapplicable to Ireland, and
was unworthy of the adoption of a Christian country.—
The Noble Lord then presented a petition front the city
and county of Norwich, from the Presbytery of New-
castle-upon-Tyne, signed by 2,758 persons, and also from
the town of Dumfries relative to the impolicy, injustice,
and pernicious tendency of the new system of Irish education.
It was alike inconsistent with Protestantism, and detri-
mental to the interests of the people of Ireland. The pro-
jected system could only strengthen Popery, which poli-
tical expediency could not justify. He recommended the
withdrawal of all public grants.
Lord BEXLEY said he would present a petition on this
a abject on Monday.
Lord SUFFIELD presented a petition from New-
castle-upon-Tyne, for the abolition of negro slavery.
The Earl of WICKLOW presented a petition, signed by
twenty-six magistrates, from the county of Wex-
ford, praying for the restoration of Captain Graham.
The Noble Lord dilated at sortie length on the impolicy
and injustice of the treatment of that gentleman by
rho Irish Government. He had been induced to
bring forward this petition and to present it, because he
wanted to know how the yeomanry force was to be used
when occasion required it ?
Lord GRANTHAM wished to know the view which
Government took of the legality of the employment of
that force?
Lord MELBOURNE would not go into the circum-
stances of the case. The grounds on which the proceed-
ing had taken place had been explained to the House. He
very much doubted the prudence, wisdom, and judgment
of the question that had been asked. Government could
not promulgate the law : it was on the soitute book. The
law was to be gathered from the decision of the Judges,
and required no promulgation by his Majesty's Go-
vernment. There was no doubt on the subject.
The E trl of HAREWOOD complained of the reason-
ing set up and acted upon with regard to the duties of
the yeomanry force.
Loud MELBOURNE—There was no doubt whatever
about the law Of the case, although he did not think him-
self hound to answer questions as to what that law was.
Ater a few words from the Doke of Buckingham, Lord
'Melbourne, Marquess Camden, and the Duke of Richmond,
The LORD CHANCELLOR die'- not rise to lay down
the law as to the employment of yeomanry anti soldiers in
cases of civil commotion, for this was nut the proper oc-
casion for entering upon any disquisition of that kind.
What he rose for was, to say that, in his opinion, nothing
could be more irregular than for Noble Lords, on present.
ing petitions, to put questions to the Noble Secretary of
State for the Home Department, or any other Member of
the Government, as to what the law was with respect to
any subject. They were questions which lie was no more
bound to answer than any other Peer was. Such ques-
tions ought not to be put either in or out of the House,
and the Noble Secretary was not bound to answer, and be
almost wished that he had not answered. There were
two ta
s,y of ascertaining
and t
he,owhatwere re by the law
declaratorysvas ,
, ‘e and ofts
of pro-
claimingPar-
liament,
or the decisions of the Judges in the Courts of
Law. But could art individual Peer be called upon to de-
clare the. law, merely because he happened to be a tn,tolier
of the executive ? Ile was not more bound to answer on
that account than individual Members of their Lordships'
House. Let a case arise, and then let it be dismissed on
its own merits in the proper manner, and in the proper
!dace ; but it was most irregular to call upon an indi-
vidual Minister to state his own views of an abstract ques-
tion of law.

The Earl of WICKLOW wai glad the question had
been put and answered ; and, as to Captain Graham, he
repeated that he had been very ill 'tied.
The Earl of HAREWOOD—Notwithstanding the lec-
ture teml to them by the Learned Lord on the Woolsack,
he did not repent of the course which he had taken on
the present occasion; and, even at the risk of being again
reprimanded by the Nolik, and Learned Lord, he would
ask wbetln r the reasons given by the Noble Lord Lieute-
nant for Ireland were apptuvei of and sanctioned by the
Government?

The LORD CHANCELLOR—He would ask whether
any thing could he more irregular and disorderly than to
ask such a question in this House or out:of it ? Tile question
was, whether they sanctioned some reasons that had been
given by a Noble Peer about six weeks ago, withait stat-
ing what these reasons were, and that too when the Noble
Peer in question was not present? Let the Noble Earl
state what th? Noble Marquess did say ; let him state the
reasons and all the circumstances to which these reasons
referred. He hoped that, as the Noble Secretary had said,
there was no doubt about the law. But since a Noble
and Learned Earl (Eldon) had been referred to, he would
recommend that all further discussion, on this point,should
he deferred till that Noble Earl should be in his place.
The Earl of RODEN—The Noble Marquess at the head
of the Irish Administration had stated two reasons ; first,
that Captain Graham had no property in the place where
he was acting on the occasion alluded to ; and, secondly,
that his calling out the yeomanry at the time of the aff iir
at Newtownbarry was illegal. That was the statement;
nut he was glad to hear it distinct y stated by the Noble
Secretary that there was no doubt as to the power of the
magistrates to call out the yeomanry, and no doubt as to
the duty of the yeomanry to obey. But then that being
so, no man could be more unjustly dealt with and perse-
cuted than Captain Graham had been.
The Marquess of CLANRICARDE did not mean at
this distance 0! time to enter into any discussion on the
subject. As to Captain Graham, he believed that he was
a worthy man, but he doubted his qualifications for the
magistracy, and therefore hoped that he would not be re-
stored. But suppose his dismissal was wrong, that very
dismissal showed that the yeomanry had not been to bias e
in obeying the magistrate.
The Marquess of LONDONDERRY—He was glad
that the question had been put and answered ; and he was
only sorry that the Noble and Learned Lord un the Wool-
,ack had thought proper to interpose, as he appeared to
throw some doubt upon that which otherwise.was clear.

lle rather believed that the Noble and Learned Lord ha'
never been a yeoman.—(A laugh.) It was fitting that
that the yoemanry should know that when they acted in
aid of the police they were properly serving their King
and country, and that this should be their consolation in
case matters should come to blood Shed.

17( (Y---- '..• ./YI 'di
• ,/: /'
- '''
, /---
/
' (-- - el----------4-1-7, /112/ 42
0
v
i Q
• . .
•
~.:4.,. . A •
. . ..
.„. •
4
.._) l-c411:',,,. • ...,„... - ... ,i,-,,,),, • .
.. ...,
lir'' . 4 i,;('''',',V. • all X....ar •' ' . 1.7 l'''' , • -
~,,.„,...„•..„..,„.,..,.....„.....,„,...,„
-..\7- .2 w., .' ift •(''' ' ' -1. 4. -,,,, /-,5 - ',1...Th.. A, , v., Me7,..+S, k:., ..,.. ---....„. ' ile ',....Y:
, Pa,- • iie.._-......:.....,
~.4,,,i iIV -:
'4-i i%inbiti' .-.(0 v,,,/ • it,-,-..._
_,..„,: „....tg:
-
- - - - • ~
_ _
__ . .
(N 0.12.391.)
LONDON, SATURDAY is .JUNE 2, 1832. -
(13R I
C E 7 D
. . . . _
~ . _ . , ... , , , • . . . - . . , ~. , . . . .... . . „
••..._.-. • ._ - . - .
