Bow wow wow, &c.

Oh that great day, did he not say—the Duke had twin'd a
new rope,
In slavery worse than African, to hind the Sons of .Europe :
ho' then he broke the heavy yoke that had severely gall'd
them,
And' set them loose from Gallic noose and 13troNAPAfirr.'s
thraldom.

Bow wow wow, &c.

To France he thought muck ill was brought,'and that she jut
on sure-bonds,
When right and might had won the fight, and she took hack
the Boutin°Ns.
Quite sad at heart 'bout BUONAPARTE, that Hero so resplen-
dent,
He mourn') our star o'er France in war had gain'd a bright
ascendant.

Buw wow wow, &c.

Thus think you Squire—then quick retire—go tyrant-loving
HoRHOUSE,
Who wouldst our House of Commons make a Jacohinic Mob-
It will not do at our land-100 to let you play the Pam, Sir,
Then off, off, JOHN, we take nem. con, the Honourable LAMB,
Sir.

Bow wow wow, &c.

REGISTER OF FASHION.

FASHIONS FOR MARCH.

WALKING DRESS.—A round dress, composed of dove-co-
loured tabbinet : the skirt is gored, and very full at the bot-
tom. The trimming consists of a bias pieCe of satin of about
a quarter of a yard in breadth, which is ornamentru by gauze
roses and bands of velvet : the former are placed lengthwise,
three together, in a slanting direction); the latter, which arc
edged with it beautiful narrow silk trimming, are placed be•
tween the roses. The body is made. half high; it is tight to
the shape ; the waist is very short, and the sleeves are long
and tight to the arms.

EVENING DnEss.—A round dress, composed of satin striped
gauze of a dark puce colour, over a white satin slip : the skirt
is very full, particularly at the - bottom, and is ornamented
with two rows of a light silk trimming, which is set on in
waves. The body is cut low round the bust; the back is
plain ; the sleeves are short and very full.--(ACKERMANN'S
REposiroay.)

FRENCH OPERA COSTUME.—Pelisse of while satin ; trim-
med with swansdown, and left open at the threat. Dress
hat of whitd satin, surmounted by a superb plume of os-
trich feathers. Sash of broad satin nband, tied behind; white
satin slippers, and white kid gloves.
ENGLltiti WALEiNGDHEM—IIimnd dress of muslin' richly,
though lightly,
,embroidered in open spots round the border.
Spencer of ethereal blue Terry velvet, with bonnet of the
same'material, with a splendid group of plumes of ethereal
blue.—(LA BELLE AssEmBLEE.)

ST. DAVID'S DAY.-In consequence of the de-
termination of the Magistrates of the County of
Surrey to suppress the annual nuisance of holding
a sort of fair at Lambeth, and notice having been
given to that effect, this morning to large, body
of constables attended to support the defermina.
tion °Vibe Magistrates and order of the Lord of
the Manor. -.A vast number of persons had as-
sembled.at an early hour to celebrate .the anni-
versary:of their Tutelary Saint, and appeared much
disappinnted at the interruption,

SHIP -NEWS.

PORMOUTII, PEA,leishfajesty's ship Came-
lion, from a cruize.

FALMOUTH, rim. 26'..--Arrived the Blucher packet, with a
mail, front Jamaica; sailed 18th, and from Crooked Island
'29th January. The Lady Wellington packet arrived at Ja-
maica On 13th January: The ship Bulwark, of Lando:, was
lost on the Anegada the. ratter end of 11cCember—crew and
part of the cargo saved. The Blucher'pasSial a gieat number
of spars off the Wystern Islands.—Sailed the five transports
with troops for the Cape of Good Hope, and some outtsard-
bound vessels.

FISHGUARD, FFn. 24.—The sloop John and‘Catharine, of
Kirkcndhiight, was totally lost near this place in Sunday
night's gale, and it is feared 611 the crew are lust.
