DEPARTURES

-- Watson, Esq., from the Sackville Hotel for Wicklow
Lodge, Brighton ; Henry Cole, Esq., and Mrs. Cole, from
ditto, for Chester ; Captain Piggott, from ditto, for Dublin ;
Earl O'Neill, from ditto, for the Continent; Mr. and Mrs.
Wilbraham, from ditto, for .Sevenoaks; the Earl and Countess
of Jersey, for their seat, Middleton Park, Oxfordshire; Mrs.
Fitzherbert, for Brighton ; Earl Spencer, for his seat, Al-
thorpe, Northamptonshire ; Sir Wm. Lumley and family, for
Berks; Mr. and MrS. George Morant, jun., from. Ellis's
Hotel, St. James's-street, for the Continent ; Dr. and Miss
Hawtrey, from the St. George's Hotel, Albemarle-street, for
Farnham Castle, Surrey; Henry Sykes, Esq., and Mrs.
Sykes, from Warren's Hotel. Regent-street, for Bath ; Tho-
mas Colverley, Esq., from ditto, for his scat in Surrey ; Mr.
and Mrs. A'Court Holmes, for Newport, Isle of Wight ; Lord
and Lady Suffield, from Fenton's Hotel, for their seat, Gun-
ton Park; Mr. and the Misses Barton, from ditto; Sir George
Palmer, Bart., from Crawley's, Hotel, Albemarle-street, for
his seat in Leicestershire ; W. F. Riley, Esq., from ditto,
for Paris; G. Smith, Esq., from ditto, for ditto; the Misses
Hinde, from ditto, for ditto.

NORTH NORTHAMPTONSHIRE ELECTION.—It
appears from the poll-book just made up, that the present
number of electors is 3,627, being an increase of 264 since
the last election.

M. Raspail, the Editor of the Relformateur, who
had been sentenced to two years' impiisonment and five
years' surveillance of the police, for insults offered by him
to M. Zangiacomi, tho Judge of Instruction, had appealed
from that decision to the Court of Cassation, who annulled
the judgment. The case having been tried over by the
Royal Court of Rouen, on the llth, the penalty of impri-
sonment was reduced from two years to six mouths, and the
surveillance was entirely removed.

Lord John Russell has written to the Middlesex
Magistrates, requiring a return of the expenses of criminal
prosecutions in the county, and that of the conveyance of
prisoners sentenced to transportation, between the Ist of
July and the 30th of September last.

The following result of a few days shooting at
Ranton Abbey, the hospitable seat of Lord Lichfield in
Staffordshire, will not be unacceptable to our sporting readers.
The Noble Earl entertained a party at the abbey last week
with his usual distinguished liberality, consisting of Lord
Alvanley, Lord Albert Conyngbam, Mr. M. Stanley, Mr.
Phillips, &c. The produce of five guns in one day, Tues-
day, the Bth iast., was 124 hares, 246 pheasants, 2 par-
tridges, 133 rabbits, 3 squirrels, and 1 snipe—total, 511.
The total result of five days, averaging about four hours
sport each day, was as follows :-436 hares, 636 pheasants,
16 partridges, 355 rabbits, 3 squirrels, 3 woodcocks, and 1
snipe.--total head of game, 1450—the splendid preserves
remaining well stocked; and apparently not much the worse
for wear, after this formidable havock. The larger propor-
tion, rabbits especially, fell by the unerring hand `of the
Noble Earl birriself, who is considered•to be one of the first
shots in the country.
Monsieur Demidaff
.takes the lead in Paris most.
decidedly. He has cut out the Earl of Pembroke; who
previously had the finest equipage ever seen in that capital.
.The Princes of Conde, when at the 'zenith of their splen-
dour at Chantilly, never excelled M. Demidoff.

SIR FRANCIS BURDETT.—A very full meeting
of the
was
Association of St. Martin' s-in-the
Fields, held on Tuesday night, at the Two Angels and
Crown, Upper St. Martin's-lane. Mr. Ellis having. been
called to the. Chair, Mr. Simpson rose to bring under the_
consideration of the meeting the last letter of Sir Francis
Burdett, which appeared in the Morning Chronicle and
Times. Mr. Simpson, after making some observations upon
the abuse which the -firs ili4l directed against.the per-

sons composing the recent ineetibg at the British Coffee-
house, proceeded to move a resolution to the effect that
the electors of WestruitiSter; atteiiding the firesent meeting,
felt it inciithbeht upon them, in conSeqiienee of the letter of
Sir Francis Burdett, to declare their entire and hearty
concurrence in the resolutions which had been passed at the
meeting of the which was held at the British
Coffee-house, on the Bth instant. The resolution having
been seconded by Mr. Humphreys, was, after some obser-
vations from Dr. Bainbridge, put and carried unanimously.
The meeting soon afterwards adjourned.
In a part of Bosnia (says the Rev. R. Walpole)
young girls of the Mahon-loan faith are permitted to walk
about in the day time with their faces uncovered. Any
man of the place, who is inclined to matrimony, if he hap-
pens to be pleased with any of these girls, whom he sees in
passing, throws an embroidered handkerchief on her head
or neck. If he have not a handkerchief, any other part of
his dress answers the same purpose. The girl then retires
home, regards herself as betrothed, and appedrs no more in
public.
_ _ _

An attempt is about to be made, on a small scale,
,o establish a carpet manufactory in Dumfries.

•
The partial failure in the potato crop, both in Scot-
land and Ireland, is attributed to the use by the farmers of
seed not sufficiently ripe.
A merchant's clerk at Lyons, named Bernugat, has
lately been sentenced to death for murdering his mistress,
because she left him to live with another man. When he
was taken to view her corpse, and he was asked whether
he had killed her, he admitted the fact, took her hand, and,
stooping over her, kissed her forehead, saying that his only
regret was his not having been able to assassinate also the
man (named Grenier) who had seduced her from him.
When he was brought out of the house to be conducted
back to prison, he haughtily addressed the crowd, and said
—" To-morrow they will be crying in the streets an ac-
count of the horrible murder committed in the Rue St.
Dominique ! Look at me well, and revenge yourselves of
your women as I have done of mine. I wish the guillotine
was here ! I should mount the scaffold without fear ; but
how much more contented should I die had I but despatched
Grenier."—Galignaties Messenger. _ _

THE PRINCESS DE TAILEYRAND.—The fol-
lowing are the terms of the declaration of the decease of
Madame de Talleyrand,, as inscribed on the register of the
Church of St. Thomas d'Aguin :—" In the year one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and on the twelfth
day of the month of December, was presented in this
Church the body of Catherine Worlee, widow of George
Francis Grant, known civilly as Princesse de Talleyrand,
aged 74 years, deceased the evening but one before, and
having received the sacraments of the Church, in the Rue
de Lille, No. 80. The obsequies were performed in the
presence of Matthurin-Pierre de Goupot and Charles De-
mon (agent for the Prince) friends of the deceased, who
have signed with us."
THE JERSEY MURDER.—The trial of Louis
Marin, charged with the murder of Mary Ann Bethel, at
Jersey, under the circumstances stated in this paper some
time ago, has commenced in the Royal Court at Jersey, and
it is conjectured that the trial will occupy some weeks be-
fore it is brought to a termination. The depositions on the
first day were precisely of the same tenor as those given
before the Coroner, and which have been published. On
Marin's return to gaol the indignation of the public was
strongly excited against him. Groans, hisses, and exclama-
tions of " Hang him, hang him," resounded from every
quarter. So well prepared was one man, who met the pri-
soner and his escort, to become executioner, that he had ac-
tually provided himself with a rope with a slip knot, which
he held up to the prisoner as he passed, telling
,him that he
deserved it. A posse of women also cried out " Hang the
blackguard ; hang him." Further evidence was adduced on
Friday and Saturday last. The guard, consisting, of a cor-
poral and three privates, still continue to watch the pri-
soner ; and on taking to their charge the prisoner is brought
out to be identified by the guard every evening, when the
corporal orders his men to load their rifles in his presence.
DRINKING USAGES IN SCOTLAND.—The 1111111-
der of drinking usages itt'Scotland, where liquor is artifi-
cially and conventionally combined with events in business,
or domestic life, is about one huddred. This extraordinary
and disastrous state of things is scarcely known among
other nations ; and in this respect the Scotch are in cir-
cumstances of worse than negro or Egyptian bondage.
Every man and woman seems bound to drink, or at least to
taste, on certain frequent occasions, by an obligation as im-
perative as the law of the land ; and on the whole, the
general results are so ruinous and distressing, that it can
.only be necessary to bring the subject to the notice of the
inhabitants in order to insure the permanent abrogation of this
moral slavery.—British and Foreign Tenzperance Advocate.
About fifty of the tenantry and tradesmen of Clare-
mont and Esher dined together at the Bear Inn at Esher,
to celebrate the birth-day of King Leopold, Mr. Neville
in the Chair. Two haunches of venison were sent to the
dinner from the Household of Claremont.

•The various packs of foxhounds which came to
cheek during the late sharp frost are all in full cry. The
Meltonians who had come up to town arc off again to the
cover.

We learn from Presburg, that when the speech
of the Emperor of Russia at Warsaw became known in
Hungary, a tumultuous scene ensued in the Diet ; the op-
position party, which has constantly shown a warm sym-
pathy in the cause of the Poles, having exclaimed Frith
great violence against the language of the Czar. _

BRIBERY.--The proceedings under the Dublin
Election Commission, further develope the system of bri-
bery so extensively adopted by the Tories at the last elec-
tion.—Dublin Post.

The Court of Session rises for the ChristKnas vaca-
tion on Saturday the 19th, and meets again on Tuesday the
12th of January, 1836. The box-day for the vacation is
to be Thursday the 7th of January.—Edinburgh Ad-
vertiser.

ST. PETERSBURG, DEC. I.—According to the
latest advices from Cronstadt, it appears very improbable
that any of the 20 vessels frozen in will succeed in putting
to sea. They have on board 144,696 poods, or 6,291
casks of tallow, which added to 3,184 casks now ascer-
tained to remain unshipped, partly in lighters, makes
2,475 casks to be deducted from the quantity bracked for
shipment, leavin g the actual export 99,403 casks, and the
stock remaining here, at Cronstadt, and in the neighbour-
hood, about 51,000 casks. _ _

On Tuesday night last an inhabitant of Lambeth
returning borne was knocked down in the Archbishop's-
walk, and robbed of his watch and a brown paper parcel
from under his arm. .

It is said that the West Indian Loan, with the ex-
ception of between 700,0001. and 800,0001., is now paid up,
while the amount paid away upon the determined claims
cannot be more than 4,000,0001.

We ere happy to learn from Gloucestershire that
the return of Mr. Kingscote for the western division of that
county is looked upon as quite safe. The Reformers have
only to exert themselves and the victory will be theirs.

VIOLENCE.—A Tipperary paper reports
some recent riotous proceedings arising out of an attempt
made by Mr. Vowed, of Clonmel, who is Receiver in the
Court of Exchequer, to levy distresses for tithes. One
farmer declared that. he would leave his life on the grass
before a beast should leave it. Stones, •pitchforks, and
other rustic weapons, were employed against the collectors,
who were, in some instances, compelled to withdraw without
distraining.

It having been stated in several papers that per-
sons have been brought up to London under suspicious cir-
cumstances, which induce the public to suppose that it has
been intended to Burke them, and afterwards dispose of
their bodies in the Schools of Anatomy ; we 'are able to
assure our readers, that such regulations have been esta-
blished by the Secretary of State, under the provisions of
the Anatomy Act, as must render totally unavailing any
attempt to revive the horrid and disgusting practice of
burking.
THE SCOTT MONUMENT.--The Committee met
yesterday. After a good deal of discussion it was finally
agreed to remit the matter to the Sub-Committee, with in-
structions to procure additional plans, and suggestions as to
the most proper site. It was moved and carried, on the
motion of Sir John Hay and Lord Meadowbank, that the
Committee be instructed not to accept of any plan which did
not include a statue.—Scotsman.

A few days since, as a labourer was digging in a
field near the Saracen's Head Inn, Dunstable, for the pur-
pose of putting in a post, at a depth of about six feet from
the surface, he found something which resisted the force of
spade and pick-axe, and, on clearing away the ground, he
found four complete stone steps of considerable breadth
and width, with the base of a pillar or column at each
end. This led to a ftrether search, upon the entire foun-
dation, and some of the walls of what appeared to' have
been a church were most distinctly to be traced ; in addi-
tion to which was also- found a large quantity of stained
glass, and some very curious paving, which is conceived to
be the flooring of the altar-piece. On a stilt closer inspec-
tion, a coffin was found, the wood of which had completely
assimilated itself with the surrounding earth. The inner
leaden coffin remained quite entire, although evidently in-
jured by time. The leaden coffin, on being opened, was
found to contain an entire and perfect human skeleton.
BOILER EXPLOSION.—A few days since at Bin-
ner Downs mine in the parish of Crowan, the boiler at one
of the engines burst with a terrific explosion ; shattering
everything about it to atoms and carrying the fragments to
a great distance. Fortunately there was no person on it at
the time ; had there been they must have inevitably perished.
There were; however, several persons in the engine-house,
nine of whom were more or less injured, some • of them seri-
ously ; but we are happy to learn that the suffereis
in a fair way of recovery.—Corima4 Gazdte,

THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, P-

THE SEAMEN At DAVIS' STRAITS.

PUBLIC AIEETING AT. Hutt.
( brid6d froth the
.Hull Observer.)

On Saturday morning, d seas' held in the
Guildhall of this town, convened by the
quence of a requisition signed by about 240 of the
tants, which had been presented to him on the preceding
Thursday, " to consider the best means of affording the
seamen instant relief ; • also, for the purpOse of devising
means of relief to the families ,of such of the seamen as
may be resident in Hull, and to adopt such other measures
as the exigency of the case may require."
After the Requisition had been read, and the Mayor,
with Mr. Broadley, had addressdl the meeting,.
The CHAIRMAN said that it was thought highly desirable
that some of their practical friends should lay before the
meeting their opinions, as these would be most valuable,
and would tend to give greater strength and weight to the
resolutions about to be proposed, seeing that they would
furnish data on which to raise a superstructure, and thus
'enable the appeals to be made to the philanthropy of' indivi-
duals to-come with double force. He had no doubt that the
meeting would close in a manner highly gratifying to every
friend of humanity, and be the means of devising some prac-
tical plan for delivering their ;brethren from their icy prison.
Mr. REYNOLDS said—l propose the formation of a
Committee to devise the most efficient mode of affording
that relief to our suffering fellow-creatures which you have
resolved shall be given if it be in our power. This. Com-
mittee will correspond with his Majesty's Government, and
with those formed in other places—at Dundee, and, I hope,
at Kirkaldy—and call, in fact, upon the whole of our
fellow-countrymen, of all classes and denominations, to as-
sist us in this work of humanity. The Committee will feel
bound to meet from day to day, and not relax in their
efforts till they prevail upon his Majesty's Government to
take steps for the liberation of our fellow-men from- their
peril.
Captain HUMPHREYS said he had received a letter from
Captain Ross, requesting information on the subject ; and
this was contained in the following letter ;

" Hull, Dec. 10, 1835.

" My dear friend, Captain James,—Your kind letter I have
just received. lam much pleased to see that you take an
interest in the fate of our most unfortunate countrymen. A
memorial has been sent to Government by the owners of the
Hull ships, but I fear it will share the fate of the Newcastle
one. In my opinion, I should have recommended a petition to
be got up at a public meeting, emanating, in the first place,
from the Corporations of this town.
" Had it been done at first, and a short time been given, I
am persuaded that no petition ever sent from this town to the
government would have received more general and decided
support.
Eleven ships are enclosed in the ice ; belonging to Hull
their names are—Abram, • Harmony, Jane, William Torr,
Duncombe, and Dordon • Newcastle—Lady Jane, and Gren-
ville Bay ; Two Scotch—Viewforth, of Kirkaldy ; Middle-
ton, of Aberdeen; and Norfolk, of Berwick.
" I cannot state the exact number of the respective crews,
but, as near as I can calculate, I think you will find the fol-
lowing statement nearly correct :
Duncombe 4B men
Abram
Harmony
Jane 49 „
William Torr 4B „
Dordon • 4B „
Mary. Frances—lost, crew left
' Isabella—lost, crew left
Lee—lost, crew left... l6 „

Total men belong to Hull, 349
Viewforth, of Kirkaidy 47 ~
Middleton, of Aberdeen 4B ~
Lady Jane, of Newcastle 5O ~ .
Grenville Bay, of Newcastle 5O „
Norfolk, of Berwick... 5O ~

Total men left with the ships, 594

" To state the exact quantity of provisions of each ship is
impossible ; but the average is about eight months full allow-
ance. Some have only seven months—for the Harmony and
Norfolk have had to borrow of the Grenville Bay and Lady
Jane ; but as to the quantity I cannot speak with accuracy. It
would, however, be exceedingly erroneous to calculate upon
the probable excesses of provisions ; for having got beset so
late, they have been no doubt on full allowance up to the time,
and hence the scantiness of the provisions left must necessarily
be very considerable. If this be true, (and I think a careful
examination of the question will show it to be so,) it proves
the imperative call upon the British Government to adopt im-
mediate and decisive measures for the relief of our suffering
countrymen. When last seen, the Jane, Viewforth, and Mid-
dleton, were five miles off the west land, near Cape Hooper;
and the William Torr, south of the low land, close in shore,
in let. 68. The; Duncombe was the eastermost ship when
left by the Alfred, distant from the island of Disco 130 or 140
miles. The other six were left in a group, bearing from the
Duncombe N. W. distant about 15 or 20 miles. Young ice
was then making rapidly, and a large body of ice was drifting
from the northward, which would consequently render the ef-
fort more difficult to extricate themselves from their position.
The latitude of the seven eastermost ships was 68. 57., by
Captain Brass's account.
" As you have freely made these inquiries of me, I trust you
will not deem it presumption if I give you my opinion as to
the best manner of affording relief. By all means I should re-
commend the Government to undertake the task. I should
advise that two ships, of from 300 to 400 tons, or such size as
may be thought most convenient, be fitted up, with doubling
from the binds as far down as may be thought fit, fortified
with ice knees on the outside of the bows, and also a strong
fortification within, as far aft as the after part of the fore
channels, with adequate provisions, clothing, coals, &c., as the
case requires, with efficient officers and crew. I should by all
means recommend that an ice master and mate accompany
each ship... _ _

" The ships must be sent out without delay and proceed
immediately to the ice ; after having passed Cape Farewell in
long. 50 W. the ships should separate, one making the ice in
lat. 57 N. and the other in 60 N. and commence plying along
the edge, and examining most carefully every bite, a strict
look should be kept, as it is more than probable that the seven
ships left in the middle of the Straits, may be separated by a
variety of causes known only to the men of great experience
in those regions. After having I hope fallen in with and re-
lieved the seven ships, the expedition will be at liberty to
devote their united attention to render relief to the four which
are in-shore.

" The plan to be adopted on this occasion is simple. As
soon as the ice will allow, they must proceed either to Holstin-
burg or Leively, the Danish settlements. On their making
known the objects of the expedition, assistgnee will be given,
and dogs and sledges in sufficient numbers must be taken on
board for conveying provisions, clothing, &c. over the ice to
the four ships. Other arrangements may easily be made. I

should have stated that the four ships will not be able to get
out until the breaking up of the land ice, which will not be
until August.
" If the Government undertake the expedition, it will be
rendered more efficient, and better discipline will ensure
greater certainty of success.
I think, Sir, that the present time cannot be deemed un-
suitable ; for before the expedition can be fitted out consider-
able time will have elapsed, and by the time it arrives at the
ice the seven ships will either be lost or out of the ice, waiting
for succour, as they will tlot dare to attempt to cross the
Atlantic in their enfeebled state. This is no time to stand
with folded arms; the cries of suffering humanity—the dis-
tress which visits our doors, and the tears of wives—and, if
decisive measures be not adopted, of orphans too—call loudly
upon the philanthropy of the British nation to action. Eng-
land, that is renowned among the nations of the earth for the
exercise of Christian love and disinterested benevolence, is
now summoned, by every motive which can sanctify her
sympathy, to disregard at once the fears of probability, and at
least make the effort to rescue her sons from the unhospitable
climes of the North.
" R. W. HUMPHREYS."
(Loud cheers followed the reading of this letter.) Capt.
H. then read the following, being the letter lie had received
from Captain James Ross : •
" Westbourne Green, Hanover-road, Dec. 1835.

"My dear Humphreys,—l am greatly distressed to perceive
by the papers that a number of vessels have been frozen in the
ice at Davis' Straits, and am most anxious to learn what means
their crews have of subsistence, as, I am apprehensive that,
unless prompt mcasnres are taken to send them supplies,
many, if not most of them, must inevitably perish.. You will,
perhaps, do me the kindness to obtain for me as many parti-
culars relating to the names and numbers of the ships, the
numbers of the crew, and the amount of provisions on board
each ship when she left England, and indeed any other in-
formation respecting their positions in the ice when last seen,
and such other as you can collect, in order to enable me to
take such steps as the case may seem to require,_ to enable
me to make some representation to Government of the facts,
if some one more competent to the task does not undertake
it ; and believe me,

" My dear Humphreys,
" I am yours, very sincerely,
"JAMES CLARK ROSS."

Captain BRASS, of the Alfred, who was the last captain
who left the ice, was called upon by the Chairman, and in
answer to (fuestions from him and other gentlemen, gave
the following 'account with reference to the seven ships de-
scribed as being in the middle, of the Straits :—When
we left, there' was about 105 miles of water between the
ice they were in and the land, and you might convey any
kind of provisions you thought proper over the ice to the
The Duncombe was quite insight from the water,

and the other ships were in sight from the Duncombe.
The four ships I have never seen. From my knowledge
of the country, I should say that if it wa3 a mild season,
ships might still get up before the ice. The earlier ships
went out, the better chance there would be of a meeting
with the seven vessels. My opinion is that no -time should
be lost in sending out to them.—(Loud cheers.) It was a
very severe frost when we left, and blo.ving very strong,
with a great deal of snow. There wont.' be no chance of
the country, freezing up whilst it was blowing so strong ;
we had witld all the way home.
Several naval captains contributed.t) tho stock of infor-
mation, amongst whom was:Capt Itt Bennett, who
said—
I did not see the ships previous to my. departure on the
Uth October, bit I Should be of o?inioa that • Were an

expedition fitted out by the middle of January, that would
be as Soon as it would be able to proceed up the Straits.
In all
.probability the country will oe now completely fast
froM lat: 64. to the west land. In some seasons it has
heed )4no-ive in lat. 69. to be open in December, but I
think this would not be the case this year, for to the east-
Ward,',going up the country, there was a body "of ice that
aVmge sixty or 4eventy feet in thickness ; that ice,
should it d:•ift down the country, would be serious to the
ships, though thei'd ilea.nrobability that it might ultimately
afford them - shelter. TWA' ships, from the situation de-
scribed by Captain Brass, Ai l about 120 miles from the
land, and nearly-in the middle of the Ptraits. The Pundee,
when beset, drifted about 11 degrees, aWI though for some
days he came very rapidly down the Straits, he was not able to
make escape. There is a probability of the shi in the ice
yet escaping. Should that be the case, no doubt their endea-
vors woukl-be to proceed down the Straits, where they would
find more water. As the Atlantic flows on to latitude 63
or 04, the heavy ice might separate, and thereby liberate
the ships. Those on the West land I should say have no
chance of escape till June, July, or August ; but thcir si-
tuation is better, upon the whole, than those in the middle
of the Straits, and particularly if they do not escape durinJ
the middle of winter. There are plenty of deer—l have
seen 18 or 20 come from the ice, particularly after the first
fall of snow. At Wileyford, the Governor captured 9,000
during the last year. An expedition ought to be got ready
directly, and as soon as it can be fitted out it should sail ;
the sooner that can be done the better.
The CHAIRMAN—The information given to the meeting
has been highly satisfactory, because concurrent ; the opi-
nion runs that we ought to lose no time in sending assistance.
A series of resolutions, in consonance with the proposed
objects of the meeting, were then adopted, and the assembly
separated.
