MILTON'S TREATIES on CHRISTIAN DOCTRINE.

This interesting work is now published—the
originallatin, as well as the translation. The
latter has been executed by the Rev. C. R. Scat•
D.D. Librarian to his Majesty, and ap-
pears to be done with fidelity and elegance. In
its present form, the work constitutes a thick
quarto, and will, without doubt, be esteemed a
theological treasure of no mean value. With a
mind so highly endowed as Milton's, and so ar-
dent in the cause of the Christian faith as his
poetical works prove that he was, the nature of
an elaborate treatise upon this his favourite sub.
ject may lie easily conceived. The same logical
force, and closeness of reasoning, and the severe
style cf composition rigorously divested of orna-
ment, which mark his other prose writings, are
observable here. The arrangement of the sub-
ject is clear and masterly, and the questions are
argued after the fashion of a strict theological
disquisition. The quotations from scripture are
copious, and in the selection and application of
them give evidence of a luminous mind, deeply
imbued with the divine beauty and truth of holy
writ. There is scarcely a passage in the sacred
book remarkable for sublimity of diction or senti-
ment which is not to be found here put forth in
forcible illustration of some doctrine ofehristianity.
The broad basis upon which the author seems to
have proceeded is that of establishing the perfect
harmony of the Scriptures, their concurrence with
the doctrines of the Christian religion, and the
consistency of the latter with the natural duties
of the moral state. In the prosecution of this
great undertaking consummate learning and
piety are evinced, which entitle Milton to be
ranked among the most eminent. Divines of the
Protestant Church. Much praise is due to Mr.
Lemon, of the State Paper Office, to whose re-
search the country is indebted for the discovery
of this valuable manuscript. Isis subsequent in-
quiries have thrown much light upon the cause
of its concealment for so long a period of time,
which seems to have arisen from its falling into
the hands of a suspected Papist about the time
of Titus Oates. It was well known that a trea-
tise of this nature has been written by Milton ;
and as a prose work, upon the subject of the
Christian Religion, by the author of Paradise
Lost, with reference to which, indeed, it may be
regarded in the light of a companion, or commen-
tary, by the same hand as the original, it must
ever be regarded as a valuable and curious acqui-
sition. We subjoin the preface, which, in the
style and sentiments, has an air of melancholy
and impressive earnestness about it exceedingly
touching :

JOHN MILTON, to all the Churches of Christ, and to all who
profess the Christian Faith throughout the world, peace, and
the Recognition of the Truth, and Eternal Salvation in God
the Father, and in our Lord Jesus Christ.

Since the commencement of the last century, when religion
began to be restored from' the corruptions of more than thirteen
hundred years to something of its original purity, many trea-
tises of theology have been published, conducted according to
sounder principles, wherein the chief heads of Christian doc-
trine are set forth sometimes briefly, sometimes in a more en-
larged and methodical order. I think myself obliged, there-
fore, to declare in the first instance why, if any works have al-
ready appeared as perfect as the nature of the subject will ad-
mit, I have not remained contented with them—or, if all my
predecessors have treated it unsuccessfully, why their failure
has not deterred me from attempting an undertaking of a simi-
lar kind.

If I were to say that I had devoted myself to the study of the
Christian religion because nothing else can so effectually res-
cue the lives and minds of men from those two detestable
curses, slavery and superstition, I should seem to have acted
rather from a regard to my highest earthly comforts, than from
a religious motive.

But since it is only to the individual faith of each that the
Deity has opened the way of eternal salvation, and as he re-
quires that he who would be saved should have a personal be-
lief of his own, I resolved not to repose on the faith or judg-
ment of others in matters relating to God ; but, on the one
hand, having taken the grounds of my faith from divine reve-
lation alone, and on the other, having neglected nothing which
depended on my own industry, I thought fit to scrutinize and
ascertain for myself the several points of my religious belief,
by the most careful perusal and meditation of the Holy Scrip-
tures themselves.

If therefore I mention what has proved beneficial in my own
practice, it is in the hope that others, who have a similar wish
of improving themselves, may be thereby invited to pursue the
same method. I entered upon an assiduous course of study
in my youth, beginning with the books of the Old and New
Testaments in the::: original languages, and going diligently
through a few of the shorter systems of divines, in imitation of
whom I was in the habit of classing under certain heads what-
ever passage of Scripture occurred for extraction, to be made
use of hereafter as occasion might require. At length I resort.
ed with increased confidence in some of the more copious theo-
logical treatises, and to the examination of the arguments ad-
vanced by the conflicting parties respecting certain disputed
points of faith. nut, to speak the truth with freedom as well
as candour, I was concerned to discover in many instances ad-
verse reasonings either evaded by wretched shifts, or attempted
to be refuted, rather speciously than with solidity, by an affect.
ed display of formal sophisms, or by a constant recourse to the
quibbles of the grammarians ; while, what was most pertina-
ciously espoused as the true doctrine, seemed often defended
with more vehemence than strength of argument, by miscon-
structions of Scripture, or by the hasty deductions of erroneous
inferences. Owing to these causes, the truth was sometimes as
strenuously opposed as if it had been an error or a heresy—
while errors and heresies were substituted for the truth, and
' valued rather from deference to custom and the spirit of party
than front the authority of Scripture.

According to my judgment, therefore, neither my creed nor
my hope of salvation could be sthly trusted to such guides ;
and yet it appeared highly requisite to possess some methodical
tractate of Christian doctrine, or at least to attempt such a dis-
quisition as might be useful in establishing my faith or assist-
ing my memory. I deemed it thgrefore safest and most advis-
able to compile for myself, by my own labour and study, some
original treatise which should be always at hand, derived solely
from the word of God itself, and executed with all possible
fidelity, seeing that I could have no wish to practise any im-
position on myself in such a matter.

After a diligent perseverance in this plan for several years, I
perceived that the strong-holds of the reformed religion were suf-
ficiently fortified, as far as it was in danger frotn the Papists,—but
neglect in many other quarters, neither competently strengthen

ed with works of defence, nor adequately provided with cham-
pions. It was also evident to me, that, in religion as in other
things, the offers of God were all directed, not an indolent cre-
dulity, but to constant diligence, and to an unwearied search
after truth ; and that more than I was aware of still remained,
which required to he more rigidly examined by the rule of.
Scripture, and reformed after a more accurate model. Iso far
satisfied myself in the prosecution of this plan, as at length to
trust that I had discovered, with regard to religion, what was
matter of belief, and what only matter of opinion.. It was also
a great solace to me to have compiled by God's assistance, a
precious aid for my faith,--or rather to have laid up for myself
ktreasure which would be a provision for my future life, and
would remove from my mind all grounds for hesitation, as of-
ten as it behoved me to render an account of the principles of
my belief.
If I communicate the result of my inquiries to the world at
large ; if, as God is my witness, it be with a friendly or be-
nignant feeling towards mankind, that I really give as wide a
circulation as possible to what I esteem my best and richest
possossion, I hope to meet with a candid reception from all
parties, and' that none at least will take unjust offence, even ,
though many things should he brought to light which will at
at once be seen to differ from certain received opinions. I
earnestly beseech all lovers of truth not to cry out that the
Church is thrown into confusion by that freedom of discussion
and inquiry which 19 granted to the schools, and ought cer-
tainly to be refused to no believer, since we are ordered to
prove all things, and since the daily progress of the light of
proof is productive, far less of disturbance to the Church than of
illumination and edification. Nor do 1 see how the Church
can. be more disturbed by the investigation of truth, than were
the Gentiles by the first promulgation of the Gospel ; since
so far from recommending or imposing any thing on my
own authority, it is my particular advice that every one
should suspend his opinion on whatever points he rr:,y not
feel himself fully satisfied, till the evidence of Scripture pre-
♦ail, and persuade his reason into assent and faith. Con-
cealment is no; my object; it is to the learned that I address
Myself, or if it be thought that the learned are not the best
umpires and judges of such things, I should at least wish to
submit my opinions to men of a mature and manly under-
standing, possessing a thorough knowledge of the doctrines of
the gospel ; on whose judgments I should rely with far more
confidence that on those of novices in these matters. And
whereas the greater part of those who have written most
largely on these subjects have been wont to fill whole pages
' with explanations of their own op,-.ions, thrusting into the
' margin the teas in support of their doctrine, with a summary
' reference to thechapter and verse, I have chosen, on the con-
trary, to fill my pages even to redundance with quotations from
Scripture, that so as little space as possible might be left for
my own words, even.when they arise from the context of reve-
lation itself.

It has also been my object to make it appear from the opi-
nions I shall be found to have advanced, whether new or old,
of how much consequence to the Christian religion is the
liberty not only cf winnowing and sifting every doctrine, but
also of thinking and even writing respecting it, according to
our individual faith and persuasion ; an inference which will be
stronger in proportion to the weight and importance of those
opinions, or rather in proportion to the authority of the Scrip-
ture, en the abundant testimony of which they rest. Without
this liberty there is neither religion nor gospel—force alone pre-
vails,—by which it is disgraceful for the Christian religion to
be supported. Without this liberty we are still enslaved,
not indeed as formerly, nnder the divine law, but what is worst
of all, under the law of man, or to speak more truly, under a
barbarous tyranny. But I do not expect from candid ,and
judicious readers, a conduct so unworthy of them—that
like certain unjust and foolish men, they should stamp with the •
invidious name of heretic or heresy whatever appears to
them to differ from the received opinions, without trying the
doctrine by a comparison with Scripture testimonies. Accord-
ing to their notions, to have branded any one at random with
this opprobrious ;nark, is to have refuted him without any
trouble, by a single word. By the simple imputation of the
name of heretic, they think they have dispatched their man at
one blow. To men of this kind I answer, that in the time of
the Apostles, ere the New Testament was written, whenever
the charge of heresy was applied as a term of reproach, that
alone was considered as heresy which was at variance with their
doctrine orally delivered—and that those only were looked upon
as heretics who, according to Rom. xvi. 17, 18, " caused divi-
sions and offences contrary to the doctrine of the apostles—
serving not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly." By
parity of reasoning, therefore, since the compilation of the
New Tetqament,l maintain that nothing but what is in con-
tradiction to it can properly be called heresy.
For my own part, I adhere to the Holy Scriptures alone—l
follow no other heresy or sect. I had not even read any of the
works of heretics, so called, when the mistakes of those who
are reckoned for orthodox, and their incatious handling of Scrip-
ture, first taught me to agree with their opponents whenever
these opponents agreed with Scripture. If this be heresy, I
confess with St. Paul, Acts xxiv. 14. " That after the way
whli they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers,
believing all things which are written in the law and the pro-
phets"—to which I add, whatever is written in the New Testa-
ment. Any other judges or chief interpreters of the Christian
bt::ef, together with all implicit faith, as it is called, I, in
common with the Protestant Church, refuse to recognize.
For the rest, brethren, cultivate truth with brotherly love,
judge of my present undertaking according to the admonish-
ing of the Spirit of God—and neither adopt my sentiments nor
reject them, unless every doubt has been removed from your
belief by the clear testimony of revelation. Finally, live in
the faith of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Farewell.

From the LONDON GAZETTE, July 19.

BANKRUPT.

NV. Moore, Houghton, Cumberland, butter and bacon-mer-
chant, to surrender Aug. 4,5, 30, at the Grapes Inn, Carlisle.
Solicitors, Messrs. Birkett, Taylor, and Cox, Cloak-lane.

DIVIDENDS.
Aug. 20, T. Walker and H. P. Parry, Bristol, furnishing
ironmongers„--Aug. 9, J. Plaw, New Kent-road, grocer—
Aug. 9, D. APKinlay and A. M. Belesario, Sise-lane, mer-
chants—Aug. 10, T. Salter, Manchester, merchant-,Aug. 9,
W. Davies, Neston, Cheshire, draper—Aug. 12, W. Cross,
Liverpool, currier—Aug. 12, A. Trim, Davenham Cheshire,
currier—Aug. 12, J. Driver, Knowl-green, Lancashire, cotton-
spinner—Aug. 9, 'l'. Butcher, Holborn, victualler—Aug. 9,
A. Ellis, Mare-street, Hackney, carpenter—Aug. 9, W. Brad-
ley, Louth, Lincolnshire linen-draper—July 30, C. Sims,
Crown-court, Broad-street, merchant. '

CERTIFICATES, AUG. 9.
J. Bell, Manchester, dealer in cotton twist and weft—J. Cave,
Coventry, riband-manufacturer—U. Plant, Wharton, Cheshire,
flour-dealer.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

S. Amos and J. B. Ransford, Worcester, tallow-chandlers—
C. and 21. Jones, Oswestry, Shropshire. dress-makers—R.
Coney and J. Austin, St. Helena-place, and Baker-street, Spa-
fields, and Jerrnyn-street,, Piccadilly, bricklayers—NV. Cooper
and J. Hale—G. Clare and E. Harrison, Liverpool, accountants
—J. Balsam and J. M. Scott, Clapham. schoolmasters—J.
Hough and J. Hope, Manchester, calenderers—J. andß. Hip-

wood, Cannon-street-road, cabinet-makeri--W. Long and Cl.
and 0. Smith, Leadenhall-street, merchants; so far as regards
W. Long.—W. and J. Statham, Huddersfield, boot and
shoemakers—N. Taynton and J. Cheetham, Lincoln's-
inn, law stationers—H. Hafford and T. Atkins, Lei-
cester, sinker-makers--L. Perrottet and S. liostaing, mo-
ther of pearl carvers—NV. and G. Smyth, South-Molton,
'Devonshire--J. Brookshaw and W. Cottler, Manchester,
tailors—J. Whitehead and J. Lowe, Manchester, calenderers—
J. Parkin, W. Parker, J. W. Clough, and L. Potts, Sheffield,
merchants—E. T. and J. W. Roberts, Farnley-Tyas, York-
shire, cloth-merchants--J. and NV. F. Burton, Old Broad-
street, merchants.
