Lord POLTIMORE presented about 40 petitions pray-
ing for the abfilition of slavery.
The Earl of WICKLOW presented a petition from the
Wesleyan Methodists of a parish in Antrim, praying that
the negroes might be allowed Christian worship.
The Bishop of SALISBURY presented a petition from
the clergy of Sarum against the Irish Church Reform Bill.
Lord WESTERN presented various petitions for the
abolition of slavery. Also a petition from St. John's,
Southwark, against the house and window tax.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition from
Crawley, in Sussex, praying for the abolition of colonial

slave/ y.
The Bishop of LONDON presented petitions from the
counties of Essex and Herts, complaining of the present
Beer Act. He took this opportunity of saying that it was
the duty of a Christian Government to take some mea-
sures with respect to the gin shops, which were as great
evils as the beer shops.
. .

The Bishop of LLANDAFF presented a petition from
the members of the society for the prevention of
cruelty to animals, complaining of the numerous evils
arising from the state of Smithfield Market, and pray-
ing that thay might be looked into. It was rather
extraordinary that the principal cattle market in the me-
tropolis should be seated in the very centre of the t•wn,
and should be so limited in extent, as not to provide accom-
modation for the cattle necessary for its consumption. It
was reached by long and narrow thoroughfares, through
which the cattle were driven, and necessarily urged on by
the blows of their drivers. The members of the society
had endeavoured to carry into execution the taws which
existed for the prevention of cruelty towards animals, but
it was hardly possible that occasional punishment could
strike at the root of the evil. The object of the peti-
tioners was to call the attention of the House to these great
nuisances, and for remedying which they had suggested
a very feasible and practicable plan. They suggested
the removal of the cattle market to the outskirts of the
metropolis, and the substitution of slaughterhouses to be
under the inspection of the authorities, for the cellars and
other places in which the cattle were now despa,ched.
These abattoirs would prevent those disgusting scenes
which now took place, for after the cattle were sold
at the market they had to be driven through the
narrow and crowded streets of the city to the cellars
and other places, where, instead of being imme-
diately killed, they were kept for a considerable time.
He was quite sure if a system were proposed which gave
to the slaughterhouse keepers the same benefits which
they bad from their present system, there would be no
ohjection in that quarter to any alteration. The Right
Hon. Prelate moved that the petition be printed.
The Bishop of BRISTOL supported the petition.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH presented a petition from
Dumfries, praying that slavery might not be abolished with-
out due compensation.
The Bishop of WINCHESTER presented petitions
against the Beer Bill, and for the better observance of the
Sabbath.

, xv •
7 1 ((7
rs
ve, •
Noble Lord the namaity of attending 'faro
prayer of the petition.
Lord ALTHORP said that be had not conailifellyi ••••••• -
the taxes left on were all desirable, but he had taken o
those which appeared to him to be most necessary to be
taken off. With regard to taking off the insurance duty
on farming stock, and leaving that on shopkeepers and
traders, it would have been certainly very difficult for
him to have male such a proposal to the House.
He was aware that the insurance on farming stock
yielded no very large sum, but he could not take it off
without taking off that on all insurances, which would
have made so large a sum as to have made it impossible
to have taken off other taxes.
Sir THOMAS FREMANTLE—On a former occasion
he Asa]
said
fyletLerFdOvßrtpexecptliani
advocate
anyte other
the r
repeal
feal the
tdphilitetdrgiNiseodtbolethadaLord bad said that he saw no reason
thereason, when
w hagenricuhletuardaml interestitteiitheaht ontlhdebefarremlieervsedwients prefe-
rencemore to others, but last night he gave a very sufficient
gn edt
aeoc c corporation rt phmoeuranint.
,oft misunderstanding
heLehiocofeps,r
trh.
et
tabsesesspeedoplteaxeli expected that
Mr. COBBETT wondered, when 300 Members were
notmoornee othuetnof
was
snoiaetee,rsandthtahte
whole number bad got up to tell hie Majesty's Mi-
contained in that miserable Budget. He would t-11 them
that the people did expect more.—(Hear, hear, bear.)
They expected the whole of the malt tax to be
taken off. The price of barley was now about
20s. per quarter, and the tax was 20s. Sri., but neverthea
less the price of a quarter of malt was 60e., and all be,
cause the Ministers were obliged to add 20s. to the price
of the article on account of the restriction a it was placed
under. It the whole of the duty were taken off, malt
would be sold at 20s. per quarter, fur the increase of
malt would always pay the expense of malting. Unless
this was done there would be no satisfaction to the coun-
try. The people would despise the Reform Rill, and the
consequences of reform altogether, and would be ashamed
of them unless the malt tax was taken off. That tax wet
productive, in the first place, of driving persons front
farm-houses ; secondly, it produced all the mischiefs
that resulted from beer shops. One Hon. Member
who bad given evidence before the Committee had stated
that every person in his neighbourhood used to brew their
own beer, but at the present time they did not do so
unless he gave them the malt. When that report was
read to the House there wei"not one of the 658 Mem-
bers attempted to say a word upon, the subjec., though
it was of far more importance fhan the preservation
of the game of Hon. Members.—(Hear.) He trusted
that the House would look to and require the abolition of
such taxes ; as to the reduction which had been proposed,
they would not lighten the burdens of the people a penny.
He did not know whether be should be in order in doing so,
but be wished to ask the Noble Lord opposite, when the
Bill would come on with respect to the Savings Banks, as
lie thought it was a measure that ought not to be brought
forward without due notice, affecting, as it did, 290,000
working people, and contemplating, as he was afraid,
serious consequences to them.
Lord ALTHORP stated that it swirl for to-day, but
he should not press it if the Hon. Member wished to make
observations upon it.
Mr. ROSE brought up the names of those Members
who had been balloted to try the validity of the election
for the town of Galway.
Mr. HEATHCOTE hoped he might be allowed to put
a question to his Noble Friend below him, without in-
curring the displeasure of the Hon. Member for Oldham.
—(Hear,) What he wished to know was, whether the
abatement which was to take place in the window tax
in houses to which shops were attached, was to be ex-
tended to farmers in respect of the windows of any
rooms in which seeds, or any thing of that sort, were
kept. This would be but a small relief; however it was
what was very much desired by the farmers.
Lord ALTHORP replied in so low a tone as to be
nearly inaudible. He was understood to say he de-
clined entering into any particulars until the subject was
fully under discussion before the House.
Mr. O'CONNELL put a question to the Noble Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer, respecting the appointment of
sheriff', and the corporation of Dublin.
Lord ALTHORP'S answer could not be beard.
Mr. CLAY recommended the Chancellor of the Exche-
quer, even with the small surplus which he bad in his
hand, to make an experiment of reducing the duty on
fire insurances.
Lord ALTHORP was not prepared to follow the
suggestion.
Mr. HUME begged leave to :call the attention of the
House to the salaries which, as he understood, had
been agreed to be given to the medical and other
members of that commission, who bad lately been nomi-
nated for the purpose of inquiry into the factory system.
The physicians who last year were appointed to protect
the public from cholera, only received 10s. a.day. Now
he understooa the officers of this commission were to re-
ceive five guineas a day. If that were true, he consi-
dered the remuneration disproportionate and out of all
character. There was an immense number of physicians,
surgeons and inspectors on the half-pay list, of high cha-
racter, who were well capable of being employed on the
present occasion, and which would effect a great saving to
the country. He begged to ask the Noble Lord whether
the sum he had stated wascorrect ?
Lord ALTHORP replied, that for the purpose of
preventing unnecessary delay, it bad been thought cape-
dient to give not a daily or weekly salary, but to propose
a certain sum (200/.) to each medical and other commis-
sioner for the whole of the inquiry.
Mr. HUME repeated his dissatisfaction at the arrange-
ment, and hoped the Noble Lord would reconsider the
matter.

SUPERANNUATION ALLOWANCES.
Mr. HUME had a motion standing relative to the 67th
Geo. 111. and 6th of George IT., empowering his Ma-
jesty to grant pensions for certain services ; but as he
understood that the Noble Lord had some plan prepared
on the subject, he begged leave to ask the Noble Lord for
an explanation, as it might save him the trouble of bring-
ing forward his motion.
Lord ALTHORP said his Majesty's Government had
taken the subject alluded to under its consideration, and
a Bill was already drawn to make a new arrangement as
to the superannustions.
Colonel DAVIES wished to know when the Bill would
be ready ?
The answer was not understood, bat the Gallant Officer
and Mr. Hume both postponed their motions on the
subject.
Mr. HUNIE would, on the lit of May, submit a motion
to the House relative to the right of Isis late Majesty,
George IV. to grant a pension to Lord Dunghills.
BRIBERY.
Mr. O'CONNELL gave notice that, on going into a
Committee on the Bribery Bill, he would move a reAoln-
tion, requiring every Member to take au oath that he bad
not given any bribe.
EXPLANATION.
Sir HENRY WILLOUGHBY moved that the order
of the day be read for resuming the adjourned debate.
Lord ALTHORP rose to make as explanation as to
the expression he had made use of last night, that he, as
an honest man, could not consent to the motion. The
Hon. Gentleman thought that he meant to imply by that,
that he (Mr. M. Attwood) was a dishonest man. He
had no intention to apply the words in that sense, and
could not have, for he must have applied them to many of
his personal friends who supported the motion.
Mr. ATTWOOD complained that the Noble Lord's
speech of the night before was totally inapplicable to his
motion, which was for an inquiry into the state of the
country, to see how far its e►ils had been brought about
by our monetary system. The Noble Lord had, however,
spoken of his motion as if it were a motion for a Com-
mittee to alter the standard of value. The Noble Lord's
arguments were all directed against depreciation, which
the Noble Lord used as if he had proposed depreciation.
He bad made no such proposition. His proposition was
to inquire if they did not pewees some means of relieving
the country, without committing injustice in violating the
faith pledged to the public creditor.—(Hear, hear.) Why
should the House and the country he forbidden to inquire
into this question? The motion did not rest upon the
footing it was put upon by the Noble Lord and the Right
Hon. the Vice-President of the Board of Trade, but en-
tirely and solely upon the circumstance whether the con-
dition of the country did not demand the attention of that
House.

Lord ALTHORP said the tendency of all the Hon.
Member's arguments were what he had stated. The
Hon. Member asked what was the meaning of his (Lord
Altborp's) resolution? Nothing could be more remote
from vague and indefinite than that resolution. It vim*
he thought, extremely precise. It said, .. that any siter'.'7
tion of the monetary system of the country, which would
tion
highly inexpedient."
have the effect of lowering the standard of value, wool
language
doubt the effect of that? To-night the
andfftoerneentfro thos
adopted by the Hon. Gentleman were
tdi.
ht, he mhad a w
he used last night. In his sizehfas nig
and p.
the end of
plied himself—and this was she
distress beginning_ .
of the country was
his speech--to show that t
d by the monetary system, and that by an alteration
cause
of the monetary system, a rise of prim might be produced,
Could the Honourable Member
and distress relieted.--(Hear, hear.) Therefore he had
;bought it his duty at ea howl matte awl takiag into
