A

injury done to the public by the present systeni. No leS
than 720 colliers were lying in the Thames at One time
in the month of December. Another fact which seems
established by Mr. Alderman HARMER'S statement, and
which has been dcubted, is, that the coal-owners of the
north actually make a difference in the charge for coals
between those vessels which comply with the factors' re-
gulations and which do not. A Mr. MEEsoM, the pro-
prietor of lime works in Essex, landed coals at his own
wharf, for his purposes, contrary to the factors' regula-
tions, and the consequence was that he was re-
ported to the north, and on application there for
more coals, could obtain none, unless he consented to pay
8!. additional for the cargo. What an interference vrth
private rights and private industry ! A man is actually
fined by the Coal-factors and Coal-owners for land-
ing coals at his own wharf for his own use! 'Falk
of the iniquity of levying taxes by Government to
support extravagance, or by the Church, in the name
of religion, to support the priesthood! It is, we admit, great ;
but we do not think it equals the iniquity of these Factors
and Coal-owners, who mulct a man for his honest exertions
in order to enrich themselves. The public is much in-
debted to Mr. Alderman HARMER, for the manner
in which he brought the matter forward, and urged the
Court of Aldermen at once to petition the Parliament.

The Marquis of CLANRICARDE has been properly se-
lected to take the Chair at the meeting to be held to-mor-
row at Exeter Hall ; and knowing his impartiality, and the
sincerity with which he advocates the cause of the op-
pressed Negro, we confidently trust that he will prevent
any display of political feeling on the occasion. It is to be
regretted that this rule has not been hitherto observed ;
end, after what has occurred, that one of the speakers at
the meeting of Delegates, so late as yesterday, should
have been seduced from the great object in view
to make an attack on Lord JOHN RWSSELL, and
Sir GEORGE GREY ; and, at the same time, make
an apology for the prejudices of Mr. GLADSTONE. If

Iblame attaches any where, the Tories are not to be allowed
l to escape from their share on the score of prejudice ; and
) what an absurdity to censure the Whigs, who in 1806 abo-
lished the slave trade, and thirty years afterwards passed an
t Act to abolish slavery itself, while the Tories were either
lukewarm or hostile to both measures ? The Government
no doubt had a difficult part to perform. We regret that
they did not at once decide in favour of immediate aboli-
tion, because that would have been the most politic,
and most humane course of proceeding ; but sup-
posing they wanted only the unbiassed sanction of
the House of Commons as their warrant for carrying
it into effect, every friend of the cause must regret that
there should have been even the slightest appearance of po-
litical feeling at any of these meetings, which might induce
any one member of either party to withhold his support.
But for th's, in all probability, the question would have
been carried. Mr. O'CONNELL says, eleven Irish Mem-
bers withheld their votes on that account. Had these
voted, the majority would have been reduced to 3'2, in
a House consisting of five hundred Members ; and as it
amounts to a certainty, that several English and Scotch
Members kept hack for the same cause, we cannot fail
coming to the conclusion that there would have been a
majority in favour of the measure, or, at all events, a majority
against ;it so smell, as to compel the Government, without
the least possible delay, to put an end to the apprenticeship
system. The error, fortunately, is not without a remedy.
The question will be brought on in another shape, and
looking at the strong feeling throughout the country, and
the just and sacred cause in which the Delegates are en-
gaged, nothing but imprudence on their part can prevent
its speedy accomplishment.

The puritanical Tory Times—what a bundle of contra-
dictions in three words—is quite resolved, it appears, that
Lord DURHAU shall not go to Canada. It casts odious
imputations on the Noble Earl's mission, and represents it
as both futile and extravagant. Our Contemporary pro-
bably wishes Canada not to be pacified, and so it objects
to the means of pacifying it. The splendour with which
the Times finds fault befits the representative of a mighty
Sovereign, and to censure State pomp and pageantry is to
find fault with Monarchy. We showed from its own
columns a few days ago that Lord DURHAM'S special mission
to St. Pctersburgh was, by comparison with other, special
missions, a cheap one, and if Lord Duni-tam cannot even be
trusted to determine how many aides-dc-camp he requires
to execute his present mission, the sooner he is displaced the
better. With a singular want of judgment, the Times
viewed with complacency the law which placed the liberties
of Canada, and the destinies of six North American Pro-
vinces, is the hands of the Noble Earl ; but it is angry that
he is to determine the extent of his own household. The
main grievance, we suppose, is, that the Noble Earl cannot
find a single place for a Tory. If he would but select
Tories for his assistants, every thing would be forgiven.

By the arrival of the Braganza steamer at Falmouth on
Sunday, from the Tagus, we have received advices from
Lisbon of the 27th ult. On the 19th the Cortes com-
pleted the new Constitution by severally attaching their
signatures to it, and immediately afterwards drew up and
agreed to the following Address to the QUEEN, praying her
MAJESTY to examine the new Charter of the nation's
liberties, and to appoint a day for giving it the Royal
sanction :

" Madam, the general and constituent Cortes having, after
long and assiduous labours concluded the great work for which
they were convoked, now offer respectfully to your Majesty's
consideration the new social compact, which, in the name of
the nation whom they represent, they pray your Majesty will
deign to accept.
" The Cortes deem that they have faithfully complied with
the duties of their charge, having employed their utmost care
in the formation of a Constitution worthy of your Majesty, and
of a gallant and loyal nation which has made so many painful
sacrifices for liberty. In it your Majesty will find the freedom
and independence of the nation reconciled with the attributes
and prerogatives of the regal power, and the rights of the
people with the respect and obedknce due to the Monarch as
chief of the State ; the holy religion of our forefathers main-
tained ; the possession of the throne secured to your Majesty's
legitimate issue; and the inviolability of your Majesty's person
established. A Constitution which offers so many pledges of
peace, order, and stability, cannot fail to tranquillize and unite
around your Majesty's throne the great Portuguese family.
"May your Majesty, therefore, be pleased to examine and
consider the new social compact, and, if worthy of your royal
approbation, to name a day for it to be sworn to."
This Address was presented to her MAJESTY by a
deputation of the Chamber. She received it very
graciously, and without hesitation returned the following

anslsTr:--

" I receive with great satisfaction the new social compact
which the general and extraordinary Cortes have concluded
after long and nsaiduous labours, and my acceptance of which
they row request in the name of the nation. I will examine
and consider it with that especial attention which a subject so
highly important demanis ; and if, as I trust, I find that it
ought to become the fundamental law of the monarchy, I
will, as the Cortes request, appoint a day for it to be
sworn to."

The delay is a mere formality, for after the events that
have taken place it is not expected that her MAJESTY
will make another attempt to restore the Charter of 1826.
King FuaniNAND must now he convinced that it is not
only useless but dangerous, longer to plot against the
liberties of the nation ; and he must likewise be sensible
that it is better to transmit a crown to his son,
however liroited may be its prerogatives, than to force
him to participate in the fugitive fortunes of his uncle
Micurr.. After consulting with her Ministers, the QuEEN
appointed the 4th of April (to-morrow) for signing the
new Constitution.

Some progress has been made in the re-construction of
the Cabinet. The Viscount SA DA BANDEIRA and Seuhor
JOHN D' OLIVEIRA arc to retain the portfolios of Finance
and Foreign Affairs ; Senhors FERNANDEZ COELHO and
DUARTE LEITAO have accepted the offices of Justice and
the Interior ; consequently, there aro but the unimportant
offices of War and the Marine to be filled up. In the
meantime Ministers are bestirring themselves to maintain
public credit, especially in London, where the chief loan-
contractors have acted with great liberality and for-
bearance.

As the subject of the following paragraph is one upon
which we wish not to express any opinion, we have only
to premise that it is copied from the Lisbon correspondence
of our contemporary, the Morning Herald :
A hostile meeting took place on Friday morning last between
Major-Gen,Tal Sir John Milley Doyle and Dr. Lovell, the
Lisbon correspondent of the Morning Chronicle, the former
attended by Mr. Brandt and Captain Doyle, and the latter by
Major Dodwell and Captain Buxton. The cause belli in this
case was a paragraph in the Lisbon correspondence of the
Morning Chronicle of the 10th instant, respecting the decision
of the Commission lately appointed to investigate the claims of
foreign officers, upon those of Sir J. M. D., who, considering

that the passage was of a tendency injurious to his interests,
feqiiired that it should be queli.scd by certp.in explanations on
tin± part of Df: Lovell. Sir John having fired without effect,
and hig antagonist's pistol having missed fire, the seconds of
the latter gentletnan interposed, and having stated it as their
opinion thfq jlet ought not to make any further objection to
giving Sir J. if. D. a,..2claration that he had not intended to
advance any opinion of his Own the notice he had taken of
the decision pronounced by the Cotnu;:.",on, the affair ter-
minated in an amicable manner.

The Paris Journals of Sunday, contain very little news,
domestic or foreign, of any interest.

ANTI-SLAVERY ;

MEETING

Or DELEGATES.-(THIS DAY.)

The Delegates met again this morning at ten o'cloiff, at the Guild-
hall Ceffee-house, Guildhall-yard. Mr. BLAIR in the Chair.
The CHAIRN:AN stated that the Deputation appointed to wait lot
night on their Parliamentary friends were now present, and acre pre-
pared to state to the meeting the result of their proceedings.—(Hear.)
Dr. GRETILI.I3 said, that, as the Chairman of the Deputation,
it was his duty to state what had occurred. The deputation had con.
versed fur more than two hours with their warmest Parliamentary
friend,. From the tenor of that conversation it was strictly confiden.
tial, and therefore there was much of it which it would be a breach
of faith to make public. He said this because he was de-
sirous of assuring the public press that there seas no wish
on the part of the delegation to withhold from them any in-
formation which could consistently be made—(Hear, hear)—and
although all that passed in the conversation could not now be stated at
length, yet, on the part of the Deputation, he was at liberty to inform
the delegates present that they were encouraged by their Parliamentary
friends to persevere in their exertions—to memorialize—to press even
upon their friends, and to throw the whole of their force upon the Ministry.
Many gentlemen might ask, what course were they to take, as at this
moment they had no rallying point.—(Hez.r.) But it was recollected
that Lord Brougham had given notice of a measure for total abolition,
and in the mean time it was the intention of Ministers to pass
Lord Glenelg's Bill. In the interval, they might petition against the
Bill; and even when it passed, they would still go on imploring
Parliament to pass the other measure, and expressing discontent at the
one which should have passed.

Mr. MORGAN hoped that by t.-morrow some rallying point would be
axed upon to be explained to the public at Exeter Hall.
A DIMEGATII said that after the present meeting separated, the Sob.
Committee would prepare such a proposition, to be submitted to the
meeting to-morrow.

Dr. GRLTILLF, said it was also satisfactory to state that it was
the opinion of their parliamentary friends, that they (the delegates)
had done a great deal of good by their exertions—to which (as those
friends distinctly asserted), was owing the very large minority of Friday
night.—(Bear, hear, hear.) Those friends encouraged them to
persevere in agitation— (Hear, hear)—which would have the best
effects, not only on the Legislature, but also in the colonies.—
(Hear, hear, hear, and cheers.) The deputation was also told
that if Mr. O'Connell's motion in the Committee on Lord Glenelg's
Bill were carried—that is, for the liberation of females on the Ist of
August—that would sweep away the whole Bill ; and there was a
strong feeling that it would be carried. Of course the Delegates
could not make themselves a party to any such compro.
inise. It was also stated that there were grounds to hope
that the motion for total manumission in Jamaica alone on that day
would pass in the Committee—and that also would certainly settle the
whole question. The discussion of those questions would give their
friends in the House an opportunity of expressing their sentiments
with the advantage of any additional information which could be
communicated in the mean time to such as had not an adequate
knowledge of the question in its details.—(Hear.) He had further to
state that the Delegates were told that the division on Friday had taken
place at the most advantageous time. Their best speakers had already
spoken, whereas Lord Stanley, Sir J. Graham, and others opposed to
their course had yet to speak.
Mr. STACEY, in corroborating the statement of Dr. Greville, expressed
his opinion that, as they had not at present a rallying point of their
own, they ought to consider whether they should not erect one.
Mr. W. BALL looked upon the statement of their Parliamentary
friends, " that the division took place at the most favourable time" to
be intended rather by way of consolation tinder their disappointment,
than as a positive assertion that it was an advantage to their cause to
divide at that time, and to sit down with such a speech as Gladstone's
unanswered.—(Hear.)
Mr. STUROF said that one part of their Parliamentary friends stated
that many members came to him to request he would put off the discus-
sion, as they knew very little of the subject at present; and another said
that he never saw the House in such a state of indecision in his life.

Another DELUGATE said that a Member told the Deputation that he
was, on Friday light, followed out of the House by a Member who
asked, would he be assured that the motion of Sir G. Strickland was not
brought forward for a party purpose; and, on being answered that it was
not, the Member went back into the House and voted for the motion.

It was moved and seconded that the verbal Report made byi;.dre.
ville, on the pert of the Deputation, be received and adopted, which
was unanimously agreed to.

Mr. W. Morgan and the Sub-Committee brought up the resolutions
which they had drawn up for the purpose of being presented to the
public meeting to-morrow, which, after considerable discussion, were
agreed to, with some verbal alterations and additions.

The meeting having sent the resolutions, as finally agreed to, to the
Noble Chairman (the Marquis of Clanricarde) and the gentlemen by
whom the resolutions are severally to be moved and seconded, adjourned•

ELECTION COMMITTEES.

(THIS DAY.)

HULL.

The Committee met this morning At ten o'elock.

Mr. Rusnrox applied that the name of Mr. B. L. Johnson, should be
substituted as Agent, for that of Mr. Galloway, who bad been compelled
to leave town.

Mr. WRANGRAM opposed the application as to the name of Mr.
Johnson, but did not object to his Learned Friend naming another
Agent to be present. He objected to Mr. Johnson because he W 23 one
of the witnesses.

Mr. LANGDLLE said they had a witness and Agent present for the
Sitting Members, in the person of Rollit.
The Committee granted the application.

John Headley was objected to by the petitioners.
The voter stated, that at the election he kept a beer-shop, in Church.
street, and that on the Monday before the election he received an order
from Mr. John Tale to supply twelve or fourteen persons with liquor,
and that in consequence of that order they were furnished with two or
three quarts eaeh on several occasions. On the Thursday before the
election Sir W. James and Mr. Wilberforce went to the shipyard of
Mr. Humphrey, In company with Mr. Isaac Whitaker rind two or three
other persons. Mr. Whitaker afterwards left 10s. at the voter's house
for the men in the yard to drink. On the following day witness re.
ceivesi an order from Mr. Tale for six persons to the amount of ss. each,
for moat and drink, with which they were supplied. The bill altogether
amounted to 101., and, on witness presenting it at the Committee-room,
in Parliament-street, in January, he was told to call again the next day.
He did so, and was then paid 51. by Mr. Brown, who said he would lend
it until the scrutiny was over.
The Committee struck off the vote.

William Watson was next objected to.
John Headley, the voter in the last case, deposed that Watson, who
is a shipwright, residing in Church.street, was drinking several times
at his house during the week before the election, and that he did not
pay for his drink.
The Committee struck off the vote.

John Shepherd Dunn, a shipwright, was objected to under the same
circumstances. He was proved to have been one of the persons who
had the 53. worth on the day of election.—Struck off.

SHAFTESBURY.

The Committee mot this morning at twelve o'clock. They remained
in consultation till past one.

The CHAIRMAN then announced that the Committee had agreed to a
speoial report, stating that bribery and treating bad prevailed to a great
extent at the last, and at previous elections, though it had not been
traced to any of the candidates personally.

KINSALE.
The Committee met this morning at the usual hour, and proceeded
with the case of Dennis M'Carthy, who was objected to on the ground
that his premises were not of sufficient ♦alue.
W. Lewis stated that he knew the residence of WCarthy in Rose_
alley, High Friar street. It was a mud.cabin, with a mud-floor, and
a thatched roof. There were two moms, and a garden in the rear. The
♦alue of the whole was not more than 41. or 5/. a year. The house
was not worth snore than 21. Witness had heard that a good deal of
hard swearing had taken place before the Committee as to the value of
property in Kinsale by Irish witnesses,—(Laughter.)
Sir C. BLUNT inquired if the witness meant to say that Irish wit-
nesses would swear anything ?
The witness replied that the lower class would.
James Black considered the value of the house to be 21. a year, acd
that the garden was worth about as much snore.
The Committee struck qff the vote.

LLOYD'S SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY.)

DRAL, Aram '2.—Wind N.W., moderate.—Came down from the
River, and proceeded, the Quebec, Hebard, for New York; Elizabeth,
Reid, for Odessa; Countess of Errol, Maitland, for Genoa; Moun-
taineer, Cockburn, Water Hen, Dodds, and Pyrenees, Watson, for
Quebec; Thetis, Baker, for Pictou ; Symmetry, Harvey, for Bay Cha-
leur; Newham, Brace, for Alexandria.

l'uarsmorrii, Aram 2.—Wind E. N.E. to W.N. W., tine.— Ar-
rived the Boadicea, transport, from Gibraltar. Sailed the Francis Smith,
Edmonds, for Madras, Bengal, and China.

PLYstourn, APRIL 1.- Wind E.—Arrived the Aguetha, Dounelds,
from Nantes; Louisia White, from Rotterdam.

Fsr.monTo, APRIL I.—Wind E, fresh gales and squally.—Arrived the
Braganza (steamer) from Gibraltar, left 22d ult. Cadiz 33d, Lisbon
^7th, Oporto and Vigo 28th ; Thalia, Wolverton, from Leghorn ;
Gowlands, Mitchell, from Charente; Emma, Denny. from Bordeaux ;
Alonzo (transport) from Passages. Speakings—The Rainbow from Mar.
sallies, for the Mauritius, Oh the 10th March, off Cape de Gatt. Brig Sat ah,
of Whitby, from Palermo, out 50 days, on the IGth March, off Cape St.
Vincent ; passed the:Majestic, of St. John's, New Brunswick, water-
logged and abandonned, with fore and mainmast standing, and mizen-
mast carried away, 26th March, in lat. 47. N. long. 10. W., by the
Thalia ; the Tagus steamer, arrived at Vigo, 26th March, in 57 hours.
POOL, Aram 2.—Wind W. fresh.— Arrived the Peruvian, Speer,
from New Orleans. Arrived off—The Elizabeth Radcliffe, from Val-
paraiso ; Lapwing, from the Mediterranean; Maria, from Demerara.
Sailed the Mitford, Welsh, for New Orleans ; Edgocumbe, Roberts,
for Newfoundland ; Lancashire Lass, for Smyrna ; Commodore, for
Constantinople.

Dovna, APRIL `l—Arrived off port the Daniel, Steer, from Oporto.
DkRTMOVIII, Aram 2.—Arrived the Water Lily, Cuthbertson, from
Tarragona.

DROGHEDA. MARCH M.—Arrieed the Lesley,'Alexander, London.
BatsroL, Arert. 9..—Arrired the Great Western (steamer), from
London, bound to New York.

Ltvrearoor,, APRIL 2.—A vcssel, said to be loaded with dry goods
and some quicksilver, was wrecked on the Bahamas previous to the
14th of February.
SUIRLDS, APRIL I.—The Dungal, Dixon, upset and suck at Gosford
port yesterday during a gale from the northeast.

The Josephine, Lemon, from Marseilles, was totally wrecked at Mo-
gadore, during a heavy gale—crew saved and cargo landed.
The Jane, Dobson, from Sunderland, put into Boulogue, with three
feethe
Shtorlat having been on shore.
lto l,u lvitz, bound to the Baltic, put back to St. Übe's
wateror int
on the 17th leaky—cargo discharged.

-
The coronation, it is said, is fixed for Thursday, the
21st of June, but though that is probable, it is not yet settled
we understand. No day, in fact, is )et fixed, but the 21st is
spoken of.
The Sligo county election •
petition, complaining of
Colonel Perceval's return has been abandoned. On the bal-
lot on Thursday no parties appeared, consequently the ballot
did not proceed.

A stupendous bridge is now in the course of rapid
erection across the Tess, at Croft, by the Great North of Eng
laid Railway Company.
