ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE.

UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF MR. BUTLER.
Last Night previous to the Holidays.
THIS EVENING the Entertainments will commence with
the New Burletta (by the author of " The Court of Old Fritz,"

entitled
LEGACY HUNTING

Sir Richard Playwell, Mr. Baker; General Playwell, Mr.
Brookes; Fanny, Miss Fitzwalter.
After which, THE LADIES' CLUB established at this

Theatre.

-----
Open every night at half-past 7. and close proceedings at 9.
Mrs. Fitzsmith (the Chairwoman), Mrs. Stirling.

To be followed by
MONSIEUR JAQUES.
Monsieur Jaques (his original character), Mr. M. Barnett.
To conclude with the New and Original Drama (Ir., the authtir
of " The Ladies' Club"), called
GWYNNETH VAUGHAN.
Gwynneth Vaughan, Mrs. Stirling ;
Owen Williams, Mr. Baker ' • Evan Pritchard, Mr. Hull.
Boxes, 4s. Pit, 2s. Gallery, Is.
Secomd Price immediately after the Ladies' Club.

ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.
Last Night of the Season.
TINS EVENING, APRIL 11,
Will be acted the Drama entitled

THE POCKET ROOK ; OR, THE TWO FAlllf IE S.
Supported by the entire strength of the Company.
Davidge will address the Audience on the close of the
- Season.
After which'
LILIAN. THE SHOW GIRL.
With all its effective situations.
To conclude with the Historical Drama depicting England in
1664, Baibadoes in 1665, Old London in 1666, with a re-
presentation of the Great Fire of London, entitled
,THE CITY APPRENTICE; or, THE THREE LILIES.

hut the SPEAKER informed the Hon. Member that -
whatever numbers were announced by the SPEAKER
were entered on the Votes. We believe :here was a
mistake of one assigned too few to the Tories, which
there appears no means of rectifying.
Notices and counter-notices of motions were given
by Mr. MAXWELL and Mr. O'CONNELL for the num-
ber of the Catholic and Protestant priests receiving
grants of public money in the Colonies.
A. new writ was issued for the county of Elgin, in
the room of Colonel GRANT, who has accepted the
Chiltern Hundreds.
Sir R. INGLIs made an inquiry about a mysterious
steam-vessel which has been at Portsmouth, but elicited
no peculiar information.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL is to move the Canadas Union
Bill on Monday next.
The Budget is to be brought forward on Monday
after the holidays.
Mr. MAXWELL, by dint of an inquiry, obtained the
information that it has long been the custom to allow
priests vestments, and the ornaments of Churches,
to be brought in without paying a duty.
Lord STANLEY announced that his Irish Registration
Bill is to be proceeded with on May 6, when, for the
sake of the peace of the empire, we hope Lord STAN-
LEY will be defeated.
On the motion for a Committee on Lord SEATON'S
Annuity Bill, Mr. HUME moved that it be referred to
a Select Committee, and made a severe attack on Lord
SEATON for his mode of administering the government
of Canada.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL defended Lord SEATON, and
Mr. HuME's motion was lost by 79 to S.
After another division in favour of giving the an-
nuity to the two next heirs of Lord SEATON, the Bill
went through a Committee.
In a Committee of Supply a sum for Civil Contin-
gencies was voted, end the House adjourned at Half-
past Seven o'Clock.

It was avowed both by Sir JAMES GRAHAM
and Sir R. PEEL, in the debate, that the motion
was founded on party or factious motives, and

'rained to suit a factio►►s end. The latter came

down to the House armed with precedents to jus-
tify this factious conduct, and the former thought
he made a good hit when he taunted the Ministers
with having learned his opposition tactics while
serving with the Whigs. Sir ROBERT, too,
quoted in triumph some factious conduct of Lord
JOHN CAVENDISH and the Marquis of LANS-
DOWNE, in former times, as supplying the rule fol-
lowed by the Tories. Such unblushing avowals of
political turpitude might perchance abash the Whigs
—though we are far from believing that the gen-
tlemen referred to by Sir R. PEEL had the con-
sciousness, which he avowed, of acting merely from
factious motives—but it can only fill the people,
whose interests are sacrificed by self-seeking states-
men of both parties, with contempt and disgust.
They do not admit that the skill of BARRINGTON,
the pick-pocket, is any justification of IKEY SO-
LOMONS, the receiver ; and they will not honour
faction in the Tories, because the Whigs were once
factious. Greatly, in fact, they lowered themselves
in public esteem by their attempts to derogate from
the glories of a contest, which, had their better
advice been followed, might have been avoided.
Unwanted by their fall, it is now the boast of the
Tories, that they are following the bad examples of

the Whigs.
Sir ROBERT PEEL, the greatest orator and
artist of his party, selected one only point for ob-
servation, and that one which he thought would
tell most in his favour. He undertook to demon-

s/rate to the House—and he repeated the word, as
if he were perfectly satisfied of his success—that
the Ministers had been culpably negligent in not
giving greater powers to the Superintendent. He
told the House that the other charges against the
Ministers could all be equally demonstrated ; but
he selected this as a sample of the whole. Assum-
ing, then, that what he demonstrated on this
point, is a test of the whole case of the Tories, let
us look at what it amounts to.
We will make large admissions. Supposing,
then, that the Superintendent had not sufficient
power to control the English at Canton and
Whampoa, though no important instances of dis-
obedience to his authority were quoted ; and, sup-
posing that it were possible to arm him, a single
man, at four months' sail from the seat of power,
living in the midst of a motley population of
daring and feckless men, unacquainted with that
habitual respect for authority which prevails here,
with a means of enforcing his orders, as certain as
the means exist amidst our people, willing and re-
solved to obey the law, of enforcing a decree of the
Court of Queen's Bench—supposingit were possible
to arm the Superintendent with the power of the
Chief Justice, which it is not ;—admitting that no
Court of Admiralty and Criminal Court had been
established—though Sir ROBERT PEEL'S asser-
tion that they had not, was instantly refuted—ad
witting all his assertions that Ministers had made
no effort to increase the power of the Superinten-
dent, which they had made--still we affirm that Sir
ROBERT PEEL showed no connection whatever
with the want of those powers, and the
interruption of our commercial relations, and the

hostilities that have since taken place between the
Chinese and the English. He failed to prove that
a single - outrage committed by the English, con-
trary to Captain ELLIOT'S orders, provoked the
hostilities of Commissioner LIN. If no such out-
rages were committed, no such provocation given,
the want of a power in the Superintendent to pre-
vent or punish them would have been useless,
and the complaint of the Tories, that it was not
given, is idle and absurd.
Sir ROBERT PEEL could quote only three in-
stances of mischief arising from the want of the
power. He said that the Jardine, passing up the
river contrary to Captain ELLIOT'S wishes, was
one proof of his want of power. But though
' Captain ELLIOT complained of that, and he
might be displeased with the disobedience, the
passage of that vessel seems in no way to have in-
fluenced the conduct of the Chinese authorities.
No event in the history of the hostilities grew from
or was connected with it. Sir R. PEEL did not say
there was, and the amount of provocation which it
caused, according to Captain ELLIOT, was some
uneasiness in the Chinese authorities.
The second instance was a want of subordination
amongst the seamen, which made the Navy
Captain ask for power to establish a police. Ac-
customed, as he probably is, to implicit obe-
dience, to the nicest discipline, and the most
complete subordination, he was very likely to be
offended with the want of these qualities among the
rude crews of merchant vessels. But we should
not conclude from this representation of wanting
power that granting it would be beneficial. The
Chinese authorities complain of the conduct of
Captain ELLlOT—they complain of the English
gentlemen
with whom the Superintendent asso-
ciated, and of whom Captain ELLIOT makes no
complaint, but they did not stop the Superinten-
dent's supply of provisions, and shut up the fac-
tory at Canton, because the seamen were turbulent
and riotous at Lintin or Whampoa:
The third instance of Captain ELLIOT wanting
power was, that the Thomas Coutts, contrary to his
wishes and order,, signed the bond which LIN
required of the English ships. We do not say that
it was not disobedient ; but how that which was
a compliance with LIN'S wishes can be quoted as
a proof that the want of power in Captain ELLIOT to
prevent compliance led to hostilities we cannot com-
prehend. It is contemptible in Sir IL PEEL to allege
the disobedience of the Thomas Coutts, by which the
Chinese were satisfied, as a proof that the want of
power in the Superintendent led to their dissatis-
faction.

We see in this one evidence of beneficial dis-
obedience to the Superintendent, and we should
like to learn whether there were not more instances.
an
captains who trade to Can-
ton complain that Captain ELLIOT has too little
power? or too much Where are their petitions?
We have seen none, and
much better judges of
Mr. ... A LMER
thewe infer that they, who are
r.
matter than the Tories,
never wished to see the superintendent's power in-
creased. M P
t. which
sign
wCapt.ere matters ELLIOT would not allow
the these
Captainboncs lstatedEL in the House that
of course. The
exercise of his power, therefore,rs rather provoked i
than soothed the Chinese.
Capt. ELLIOT'S despatches show that he wanted
to have power to control the whole trade, and had it
been granted it would have been abused.
The com-
plaints of the insufficiency of his power are at once
refuted by the readiness with which all the opium
was given up at his command. His authority, great
over all the British, bent, indeed, before the au-tho
ritv of LrN, and laid the whole British mercantile
power at the feet of the Viceroy. Had he received
more power he might have been a more convenient
instrument for LIN to squeeze.
The disputes with the Chinese authorities began,
in
, fact, from the very moment that a British au-
thor-icy ' arrived in their neighbourhood, and have

continued ever since. The quarrel has been be-
tween
the Chinese authorities and her MAJESTY'S
Superintendents, not between the former and our
merchants, ship captains, and seamen. They go
to China to trade, and would submit to the Chinese
laws. The Superintendents are sent there to en-
force British laws, and they stand o❑ the QUEEN'S
dignity. Sending a Superintendent to China at
all was the great error. It established a rival au-
thority in the face of the authority of the Celestial
KING, and has caused all the mischief.

Sir R. PEEL then demonstrated nothing but his
own wish to find fault. He did not trace the
smallest connection between Captain ELLIOT'S
want of power over British subjects and the out-
rageous conduct of the Chinese authorities, to seek
reparation for which we are fitting out an expedi-
tion. It was the conduct of the respective autho-
rities rivalling each other, which, in the language of
Sir J. GRAHAM'S resolution, has caused in-
terruption in our commercial und inter.
course, and the hostilities `with China; and Sir
ROBERT PEEL'S laboured, attempt to demonstrate
that they were caused, by Cartain ELLIOT'S want
of power is a ',roof either of the most obtuse in-
telleot or tis.ie most factiou3 conduct. No person
will asse-iit to the former, and therefore he must
stand convicted of the latter.

Petitions we see are frequently sent to both
Houses, for the suppression of the opium trade ;
and more than half the strength of the Tory cause
lies in a popular delusion, that this trade is en-
couraged by the Government, and by the Govern-
ment can be put down. The facts are not so.
Opium is cultivated in various countries of Asia,
over which England has no control whatever. Over
part of that produced in India she might fulminate
regulations ; but when she tolerates, as she must
tolerate, the growth of barley in England, and the
manufacture of gin, to attempt to suppress the
cultivation of opium in India, would be equally
inconsistent and unsuccessful. The same reason,
that the product is abused, which would justify the
suppression of opium cultivation in India, would
require us to put an end to the manufacture of ruin
in the \Vest Indies, and to distillation at home. As
long, however, as Mr. MACAULAY observed, as
there are persons who desire the drug or the gin,
and as long as a large profit is to be made by the
sale, it is beyond the power of any Government to
suppress a trade, or a species of cultivation, which
gratifies so many persons.
On principle we abhor the interference of the
Government with the business pursuits of indi-
viduals, for we see no limit to its operation. Beer
must follow gin, for some people waste their sub-
tance on it, and with it destroy their health. The
use of tobacco must be also prohibited. Tea and
coffee are liable to be abused, and must be placed
under the same ban. In short, the insidious blow
aimed at the opium trade would in time destroy
three-fourths cf the manufactures and trade of
Britain.

If they could suppress the cultivation of the drug
in the territories immediately under the control of
the India Ccmpany, it would be impossible to
suppress its cultivation in the territories of those
princes who are only its allies. With all our vast
and powerful machinery, it was never possible for
our Govyrnment to put down illicit distillation in
Scotland and Ireland, till the reduction of the
duties made it more dangerous than prof,it-
able. How then could the India Company
prevent the cultivation of opium throughout the
whole of India ? If it. could not prevent the cul-
tivation, as our perfect Preventive Service does not
prevent smuggling brandy here, no possible contriv-
ance, not all the fleets and armies of Britain, cculd
prevent opium being exported from India and
imported into China. The attempt would be
chimerical ; and the petitions pray for an impossi-
bility.

We know not, too, by what right or on what
principle the State can interfere. It may withhold
its protection from the opium trade's ; it may tell
them, as Lord PALNIERSTON told Captain EL-
LIOT, that they must trade on their own responsi-
bility : the State may refuse to interfere if they be
maltreated or even murdered by the Chinese ;
though we do not say that such would be
wise policy ; but they commit no vice,
they cultivate their fields in peace ; in peace,
harming no one, they carry their cargoes, as other
ships carry sugar and rum, to their place of dotal-
nation ; and on what pretext the Government can in-
terfere with those peaceful pursuits of its own subjects,
whom it is bound, as long as they commit no crime,
to protect, we cannot imagine. If they violate the
laws of China they must take the consequences.
But Great Britain is not called on to maintain a
Police or a Preventive Service against its own subjects
in order to prevent their infringing the fiscal laws
of another State. Will those who demand the
suppression of the opium trade provide equally
profitable employment for those engaged in it ?
We ate sure they will not, and they, therefore,
have no right, and the State has no right, to sup-
press a trade which is a violation of no moral law,
and by which neither they nor the State is injured.
It is due to ourselves to state that this artiee
was written before the debate of Thursday night,
and was excluded by it. Had it not not been in
type we should have contented ourselves with
merely referring to Lord PALMERSTON'S masterly
observations on the same subject.'

Lord JOHN RUSSELL, last night, stated in the
House of Commons that on Friday an Order of
Council was issued to authorise reprisals against the
Chinese. It is on Monday to be laid on the table
of the Houses of Parliament. A similar statement
was made in the Lords by Lord MELBOURNE.
It was added that no letters of 'marque had been
issued, and that the principal purpose of the Order
in Council was to establish a Court, which should
have power to condemn vessels seized by her
;MAJESTY'S cruisers.

The I\ladrid Papers received are of the :2(1 inst., but
their contents are unimportant. The Address, in
answer to the Speech from the Throne, was voted on
the Ist inst., and a deputation was to present it to the
QUEEN on the following day.
The following is the latest news from the theatre
of war

The head-quarters of General Espartcro are still at
Castellote ; the third division is there, and at Las Cuevas.
Zurbano is at Ejulve, and the first and second divisions
are at Castellote and the environs. Cabrera is at Mora,
and in worse health than ever ; for, after having recovered
a little, he has experienced a relapse. The insurgents are
conveying to Morella the artillery of Cantavieja, with the
stores and provisions in that place; which, it is believed,
they will abandon on the approach of our troops. They
have concentrated their force between Zurita and V'l-
larluango. Discord prevails among the rebels, especially
the officers. The Commander of the Royalists of Santa-
-o'.ea, as well as the priest of this town, have just made
their submission to the third division. It is thought that
all the troops will shortly do the same, for the faction is
at its last gasp.

The French Chamber of Deputies did not sit on
Thursday ; the Moniteur brings no official news from
Spain, Naples, Switzerland, or Africa ; the voice of
faction in the interior of France is for the present
hushed ; so that all we find in Thursday's Paris Jour-
nals consists of repetitions of the rumours about the
sulphur contract quarrel, which we notized in Thc Sun
of Friday.
It may be recollected by our readers, that a few weeks
since accounts appeared in all the journals about the
sudden disappearance of Father TnomAso, Superior of
the Spanish Convent in the city of Damascus, together
with his servant, and that seven of the wealthiest Jews
of that city were put to the torture on suspicion of hav-
ing murdered them to obtain their blood to consum-
mate a pretended religious rite. It is with feelings of
indignation and horror that we select from the Alexan-
drian correspondence of the Semaphore, a Marseilles
journal, the following narration of the conclusion of this
atrocious affair :

" The truth is now known. Of nine accused persons,
seven, confounded by the declarations of the barber and ser-
vant, have confessed everything; and, in the hopes of
saving their lives, declared their wish to become Mussul-
mans. Father Thomaso, being entrapped to the house of
the wealthy Daoust Arari, was surrounded by all the
brothers, and by some other and more opulent Jews, who
gagged and bound him. A Jew barber and a servant of
the house having entered, the latter, upon the order of the
eldest of the family of Daoust Atari, sate upon the stc-
mach of the victim; the barber seized him by the beard;
and the two brothers Haham held him down by the arms
and legs. Daoust Arari then plunged a large knife in his
throat, and afterwards his brother, Aaron Arari, Mousse
Elafie, and Moussa Salamenah complet<d the execution.
Besides these four principal sacrificers, three others were
ranged ready to perform their functions. The body was
suspended with the head downwards ; one held a bucket
to receive the blood, whilst the other two, by pressing on
the body, hastened the flowing of it. When all the bloo
had drained out, all these madmen rushed upon the body.
sittinhnhnteedtoiihrrceughtnuoiiagrtrrhitibtenlrete,oarkmsremiyeeasdptlielntrpghiieeecsinc.acrset,Tfouvvhtilhheyeicethehloterhteheaceytosacpzoouufvtleatirhtneeetddombsboaelgnowkose,d,ricfnuoidtri
pieces, were discovered, with the flesh in a state of
decomposition, in the sewer. At the departure of the
courier of Damascus, the body of the servant of Father

Thom3so, also cut up into pieces, had just been discovered
in the cellar of another rich Jew, named Thora. . It was
generally believed that he had been killed by a second
corporation of Jews." _

Is there any man with the slightest pretensions to
common sense who can credit one syllable of this pre-
tended confession of the tortured Israelites ? Is there
any man who does not know that they were tortured
with a view to make them confers a crime which tvould
lead to the confiscation of their property ? These Jews
were the wealthiest in the city, and MEHEMET AtA anti.
his son could devise no more oonvenient mode of selling
their treasures ; trusting to the circumstance of the
alleged murder of a Christian priest to ekcitb
judices of Western Europe against the tietrew corn-
triunity. But, thank God, the time When such monstrous
concoctions would have obtained credit among us, is for
but their ignorant ;;,,jbrUn Loa;
ever passed away. is
persecutors,
ttohres,itnhn:tcoeun
rt Jeivsindig-
nation is (I.2.rected. The correspondent of the &ma-
who furnishes the above account, adds that the
fanaticism of the Oriental Christians was roused against
the Jews, and that it required all the influence of the
Vrench Consul to prevent the wholesale slaughter of the
Hebrew race. If such be the fact, it is high time fir
the British Government to employ its good offices with the
Paella of EGYPT to prevent the Christian name from being
further stained with the infamy of shedding the blood
of this innocent people.
If there be any of our readers so blindly prejudiced
against the Jews—so willing to believe any calumny
invented to their prejudice, as to pay the least regard
to the alleged confession of seven of the accused, we
have only to observe that there is not one man in a
thousand of the entire male population of Great Britain
who would not confess himself guilty of the identical
murder above narrated, before enduring the torture of
the rack, as administered in Syria, for fifteen minutes.
Upon the whole, this affair reflects the deepest disgrace
upon the Egyptian Government, as well as upon the
Christian population of Syria.
BOURSE.—PArtts, TIMISDAY, APRIL 9.

First Highest Lowest Last
Price Price. Price. Price
tench 5 per Cents ll3 30 113 .53 113 30 ... 1,3 51
4 per Cents 102 s'l ... 072 50 ... 102 5,1 102 30
3 per Cents 84 5..84 10 ... 84 5 ... 84 5
3ank el r'rance
."3190
Lattitte Bank I,ooof. Sh lO7l ...10%0 —.11170 _1 70
5,000 f. sn„ „ 5185 —5185 ...5180
Belgian Bank B7O ... 870 ... 871) 870
S 7er Ccnt.s 103% ... 103% ... 10;34 103%
Dutch 2% per Cents 54% ... 54,‘ 5t% ... 5,N
Ohio lO2 ... 102 s') 102 ... 101 01)
United States Bank Loan OB ... 181 ... 18 ... 1/8
Spatiish Active ......... 2818 29% ... 28%4 ... 29%
........ 14t; ... 74a ;dirt
Portuguese 3 per Cents 24% ... 24% ... 24,A, 24%
:•cat,olitan
Roman 104% 104% ... 104% ... 104%

RAILWAY SHARES.
it. Germain
Versailles, R. 1'
L.P. 582 50 ... 587 50 ... 382 50 ... 3-7
Orleans ..
Strasburg to Bale 425 ... 430 ... 425 ... 439
Montpellier to Cette
‘lulhausen to Thann ..
BELGIAN k UNDS—llatissELs, Aram S.
Actual Debt, 2!4 per Ccnt.
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cant lf .214
Loan of Thirty Millions, 4 per Cent. Os
------ 3 per Cent. 7414
Loan of City, 1832, 4 per Cent OIN
Society of Commerce, 45.4 per Cent llO
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 87,4
National Society.
Exchange on London (short)
—Brussels Papers, April S.
HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, APRIL 7.
Bills. Money.
Austrian 5 per Cents.
Bank Shares I51:1
An lo- Russian Loan II!) 1014
Russian 5 per Cent. Ist series, Curtiticate
Inscription, Ist Series IO3U,
Russian 5 per Cent. Hop.: and Co. 3d and 4th
SelLs 93li 99
Ditto in Certificates
Dutch Actual Debt, 21;, pet Cent 52
Ditto 5 per Cent 9B -
• Po!i,li Bond
New I icket
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per Cent 75 7494
Norwegian Loan, IN3I, 4 per Cent... - lO2 101
Spanish, New 3 per Cents. 9.lNi
EXCHANGES 0,7 LONDON.
HAMBURG, APRIL ;.--/3. 6—Two months, 13 4!4.
STOCKIIOLSI, MARCif 31.—seventy-five days, 12 2.
CdRISTIANIA. MARCH ::...1 —Three months, 4 11t.
LElpeiC, APIIIL 2.—Two mo ths, 6. 14.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VIENNA, Maned 3!
Eire per Cents. Metalliques . llO
Fear per Cents. - IOIN
Three per Cents.
Bank Shares
—4ltgenzeine Zeitung, April 5

MR. GLADSTONE'S ZEAL AGAINST OPIUM.—A cor
respondent inquires whether the Mr. Gladstone, M.P.,
whose warmth against the opium trade we praised as
an evidence of his sincerity, be any relation to the Gen-
tleman who introduced Coolies into Demerara, and if'
he have !.rived any advantage from slavery ? The
Hon. Member is, we believe, the son °lobe great
merchant of Liverpool of the same name. He was a
great slave-owner, and was, we believe, the first to profit
by what Lord Brougham called a new slave-trade, the
exportation of Hill Coolies from India to the West
India Colonies. Report says that the Glaclstones owe
much of their fortune to slavery, and to the immense
sum by which Great Britain generously redeemed
Mr. Gladstone's slaves. The elder gentleman has
since subscribed largely to Church building. The
son is a quasi saint, who has written a mystical
book about the Church, and now denounces with much
vehemence the trade in opium, though what there is in
it sinful compared to the slave-trade we cannot see. Mr.
Gladstone's fortune, however, has,been made partly by
slaves, and he can afford to censure the vice in others
which he no longer requires to practise himself. It
must be very gratifying to the public to sec such a be-
neficial change,and, if the progress continue, the Glad-
stones in a generation or two will be archangels, if they
do not turn arch-hypocrites.
POST-OFFICE.—A return has been made to Parlia-
ment of the additional clerks and assistants placed on
the establishment of the General Post-office, since the
.sth of October, 1839, to the .sth of February, 1840.
The total number for England and Wales is 111. clerks
or assistants, for Scotland 15, and Ireland 13, and the
extra annual charge for such appointments is 8,216/.
10s.

LEGACY DUTY.—A return has been made to
the House of Commons, showing the amount of capital on which
the several rates of legacy duty have been paid in Great Bri-
tain in the year 1839, and also an abstract of the total
amount of legacies which paid duty since 1797. The latter
amounts to the enormous sum of 1,081,468,000/. ; the total
amount of capital on which legacy duty was paid in 11139,
was 42,052,2971. and of that more than four millions sterling
paid the ten per cent, duty, and '21,604,065/. paid the one per
cent. duty ; the former being the per tentage payable by distant
relatives or strangers in blood, and the latter by children or
parents, or any lineal descendant or ancestor. The total
legacy, probate, and other duties of this description paid into
the pubic treasury since 1797, was about fifty-eight millions
sterling.

SHOCKING ACClDENT.—Yesterday morning,
as the daughter of Mrs. Bishop, baker, Middle-street, was
toasting some bread for her mother who was ill in bed, :he poor
girl suddenly fell forward in an epileptic tit, and set fire to her
cictlies. She has endured great agony from extensive burns
about the chest and throat, and remains in a very precarious
state.—Briyhton Guardian.
TALKING BIRD.—A man named Kershaw,
residing at Canghill, in Clayton, by long perseverance has tu-
tored a starling (vulgo, Sheepstar) to repeat the following
phrases very distinctly, " Walk in ladies and gentlemen ; take
your places." " A pot of beer for Jacob, and look quick."
" How do you like it ?" " Pretty well." " What will you
have to your freakiest ?" " Tea and cake for Susy, and a
pomet for Jacob," with a great number of other phrases. It
can also whistle very distinctly, " Over the water to Charley."
—Leeds Times);
EXTRAORDINARY LIBERALITY. Persons
suffering under any dreadful external disease, which may be con-
sidered as incurable, may, I,y applying personally at the Esta-
blishment of Mr. Holloway, 13, Broad-street-buildings, City
(the Proprietor of Holloway's Ointment, andthe External Disease
Pill), be supplied with any quantity of these two wonderful
remedies. After a proper trial be given to them, if it can be
proved that they have not performed radical cures, the amount
p Lid for them shall be returned. Ten thousand cases of Erysi-
pelas, Ringworm, Scald Heads, also of Scrofula, Cancer, and
Bad Legs, have been cured by their joint means, within the
last twelve months. They rrast always be used together. All
respectable MOdi,:ine Vendors sell them.
HUNGERFORD.—A Dumber of fami;ies and
individuals have emigrated from Hungerford and its neighbour-
homi for Australia. We hope success will attend these poor
people, who have torn themselves away, more by necessity's
supreme command than their o'wn free will, from their friends
and acquaintances, and from the scenes which are dear to them,
with the laudable purpose of bettering their condition. The
expense of the passage of these emigrants is borne by the parish
to which they belong, and each person is provided with a suit-
able supply of apparel. A van loaded with them st.rted off on
Monday
ing last for London, tram whetice they will sail.
Bruce
eNiTs AatTplrOesNenOtFeiVanl,OasßsiAng the electors of theYSH llt E.—Major
county o. Moray, or Elgin, as it is understood the Hon. Cot.
Grant, of Grant, will immediately retire from Parliament. No
candidate on the Liberal interest is mentioned as likely to come
come forward. A correspondent writes us=" Major Cumming
Ilivoe's friends are getting the voters to subscribe a requisition.
No opposition is expected. Lord Cawdor leans to the side of
the Major. The Duke of Richmond leaves his tenants to vote
as they please. Lord Moray's Commissioner has made no
decided intimation. ' Were General Duff to start he would run
Major
up for trans
tirCm.
eag
Bruceo,a h
pa
che ard."—lnverness Courier.
THE FRUITS OF CLERICAL EXAMPLE.—A
short
poacher, "the la'' what careg I for the la'? We needna mind
•
I'h
the la' neo ; the minister frae Edinbro' brak the la' yesterday',
d,,
eStrhaethrb, atn hde
and he says he'll breck it again the morn : wha cares for the
OnasgasrsiNn Vas
the apprehended rle ahv‘eed
la' noo?"—snapping his fingers in the Justice's face.—Scotch
Paper.
FURZE OR WHlNs.—The system of feeding
horses and cattle from whins cut or bruised is very preva'ent in
the Highlands, as well as in other parts of the country, and
the animals, it is well known, relish this description of out-
door food, and find it wholsome and nutritious.
A SINK CHlEF.—Rajah Soocket Sing, or Ma-
lek Adhel, as he was named by the ladies of Sir Henry Fane's
camp, is the brother of the minister, Dhecan Sing, and one
of the handsomest of the Sihk chiefs, who are all eminently
good-looking. He is high in Runjeet's favour, as well
as much respected and admired by all the Sihks, and
about twenty-eight years
bri ht olished steel,
nificent ; a helmet or scull cap of g p
of age. His dress was mag-
inlaid with gold, and a deep fringe of chain mail, of the
same material, reaching to his shoulders, three plumes of
black heron's feathers waving on his crest, and three shawls of
lilac, white, and scarlet, twisted very round and tight, inter-
laced with one another, and gathered round the edge of the
helmet, a chelenk of rubies and diamonds on his forehead. Back,
breastplates, and gauntlets of steel, richly embossed gold
and precious stones, worn over a rich, thick-quilted jacket of
bright yellow silk, with magnificent armlets of rubies and
diamonds on each arm, a shield of the polished hide of the
rhinoceros, embossed and ornamented with gold, a jewelled
sAbre and matchlock, with his long and glossy black beard and
mustachoes, he looked the very beau ideal of a Sihk chief.—
Osborne's Court and Camp of I?unjeet Sing.

MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS.

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCX.
LivEfipook, COTTOI4 MARKET, FRlDAY.—Although WO
name had a rah' extent of business doing this week. There
has been little ahlitiatioli in the market. The demand for
comnion qualitks or American descriptions under bid. for
middlingy has been freely filet ttitli, and for %Welt sellers
have Conceded A-d. per lb., but for any thing above this
glass ['rims aft very firm, the better qualities particularly
so. The Very limited stock of Brasil has enabled holders
to obtain an adVance bi d. to id per lb., and this has
sotiAiwilat enhanced the price of Egyptian, and causes
' !!ca ind to go off at very full rates. No change in the
I price of India. Speculators have taken 2,000 bales of
I American, an,l exporters 1,500. The sales to.day arc from
4,000 to 5,000 bales of all kinds.

Arrivals this morning—French mail, ship letters from
Rio Janeiro and Sierra Leone, old dates.
The Bordeaux Papers contain the following from
Monte Video to the I.s!ii January :
The blockade still continues (off Buenos Ayres), but
a favourable change Is soon expected, to the interest of
comtticrtial afraitS, o*ltig to the Advantage 013‘.ained by
the troops of Monte Video over those of Rosas, commanded
by General Echaque, who was completely defeated on the
29. h December. On the Monte Video territory this event
is considered as the termination of the war, for in the State
Urugay already affairs are brightening."
