COURT CIRCULAR.

The Queen and Prince Albert went from Buckingham Pa-
lace to St. James's Palace at five o'clock yesterday afternoon,
and visited the Princess Augusta at Clarence House. Her
Majesty and His Royal Highness afterwards attended the after-
noon Service in the Chapel Royal.
The Pray ers were read by the Ree. J. Horsley Dakins.
The chaunt was Attwood's, The Magnificat, and •° Nunc
dimittis," in C, Nares. The Anthem, " 0 Lord, grant the
King a long life (Nares). Sir George Smart presided at the
organ. _
- -

The Bishop of Norwich and the Dean of Hereford, the Clerk
and Deputy Clerk of the Closet, were in waiting. The Royal
Suite consisted of the Marchioness of Normanby, Hon. Miss
Murray, Hon. Mi,s Lister, Lord Byron, Sir Frederick Stovin,
Lord Alfred Paget, Sir Edward Bowater, and Mr. Francis
Seymour.

The P.oyal party returned to Buckingham Palace, and shortly
afterwards h, r Majesty and Prince Albert, accompanied by the
Pi ince of Leiningen, left the Palace in an open carriage and
four for an airing.
Prince Albert, attended by Sir Edward Bowater and-Mr.
Francis Seymour, attended Divine Service yesterday morning
in the Wellington Barracks Chapel.
The Duchess of Kent visited the Queen on Saturday at
Buckingham Palace. •
Ths Marquis of Normanby and Viscount Melbourne had
audiences of her Majesty on Saturday.
Her Majesty and Prince Albert took an airing in the Parks
on Saturday afternoon in an open carriage and four.
The Queen and Prince Albert, accompanied by the Prince of
Leiningen, honoured the Italian Opera with their presence on
Saturday evening. The Royal Suite included the Marchioness
of Normanby, Lord Byron, Sir Fred. Stovin, Lord Alfred Paget,
Ed.vard Bowater, and Mr. Francis Seymour.
The Band of of the Ist Life Guards attended at Buckingham
Palace on Friday evening.
The Duchess of Kent attended Divine Service yesterday
morning in the Chapel Royal, St. James's. The Bishop of
London preached the Sermon, taking his Text from Psalms 22,
verse 2d. The Prayers were read by the Rev. Dr. Wesley, and
the Alt r Service by the Bishop of London, the Sub-Dean, and
the" Rev. Dr. Wesley. Sir George Smart presided at the organ.
Her Rcval Highness was attended by Lady A. M. DAvvson.
The Duke of Cambridge and Prince George attended Divine
Service yesterday morning in Grosvenor Church.
The Prince of Lcinirgcn visited the Duchess cf Kent at In-
gestrie House.
_ _ _

The Duchess cf Gloucester, the Duke, and Paine.: George of
Cambridke, visited the Princess Augusta yesterday, and also or.
Saturday.

A t Council was held on Saturday afternoon at the
Foreign-office. It was attended by all the 111inisters. 'Cho
Council sat two hours and a hale.

A Deputation, headed by the Marquis of Northampton, hail
an interview with Viscount Melbourne en Saturday in Down-
ing-street.
Air. Charles Warner had an interview with Lord John Rus-
srll on Saturday at the Colonial-office.
Lord Fitzroy Somerset had an interview with the Marquis
of Nermanby on Saturday at the Home-office.
D spatches from Sir J. Franklin, Governor of Van Diemen's
Land, were received yesterday at the Colonial-office.

PROSECUTION FOR LIBEL.

TO 7HE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sia—There is one point in the case of Feargu;
nor, which I believe has escaped notic, but which I con-
tend will not only lead to the ruin of many Editors (if
continued), but also to aff.ct materially the liberty of the
press.

Lord Normanby was made to say that F. O'Connor
should have every indulgence, save only corresponding
with his paper. Now a paper must be ruin,:d if severed
from the Editor. Should a paper be so perniciou4 from
the opinions of the Editor, let the Judge say so ia passing
sentence, and not the Minister of State.

To make the ruin of the press more striking, indulge me
with a supposed case.
The Sun speaks of some powerful individual opposed to
its views on the Corn-laws ; a verdict for libel is obtained
against the Editor; the prosecutor presses fur no punish
ment further than the Editor shall not communicate with
his paper.
The result.—The Editor is ruined, and with him the
cause he may advocate.
In the case of O'Connor he suffers a severe imprison-
ment, and when released hi; profession is ruined from his
not having been allowed to carry on his necessary corre-
spondence—a double punishment, 'which I hold to be con-
trary to JUSTICE.

MR. ALFRED BUNN'S NEW WORK.—WC are
requested to state that the new woik, under the title of " The
tSatkacgne,obnott}h,eße„fotre,, and Behind the Curtain, from observations
this
day
ys
hßyollyi. DLreunbr yy LAainfreedan,Bl Bunn, suq.a,rdlaetne,
ilessees vu
published
ittle;
(el Theatres
to her Milajesttlyey' nNleewanßurlington-street,
o publisherali hook.i n
ordinary
TRIAL OF OXFORD
eon
saTtuhrdeaybhrainedfsed forto t
hcounsel
on behalf of the Crown were
Wightman. Mr. Pelham, the Mr'
Adolphus, and Mr.
engaged, in completing the larisoner'ssollciter, was likewise
brief for the defence, which runs
very long. The counsel engaged for Oxford
Mr. Sydney Taylor, and Mr. , Wilkins - are, Mr. Bodkin,
and Mr. Pelham had
a consultation with the tao first-named gentlemen
tral Criminal Court, while Chief Justice Tindal was at the Cen-
up the evidence in Courvoisier's case. The resultwas summing
of the con-
sultation was, that an affidavit was directed to be draw
which the Learned Counsel for Oxford will move tho
Court on
postpone the trial until next Session, in consequence of to
the
difficulty of getting the witnesses to town, and the •
excited
feeling that exists against the prisoner.
EXTRAORDINARY EGG.—Mr. Holder, of
Yealmpton, has now in his possession an egg. laid by one of
his Minorca fowls, of a most unu-nal size. It is six and a half
inches in circumference, and weighs three ounces and a half._
Western Times, .

MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS

(From The Sun of Saturday Evening.)
LIVERTOOL COTTON MARKET, FRlDAY.—Although the
market is not entirely relieved from flatness, there has been a
growing improvement in its api,earance, and prices of Ameri-
can descriptions have increased in firmness, so as to afford a
much more ready sale at very full prices, approaching almost
to A advance upon the closing quotations of last week. The
disposition to purchase on speculation is rather more general,
evincing an opinion that little harm can attach to holders at
the present rates. Brazil have again declined, and are now at
a point which induced buyers of Penang to operate more
largely and to give a more settled character toprices. Sea Island
and Egyptian are steady at our last quotations, but Surat and
Madras are of heavy sale at easier prices. Speculators have
taken 10,600 bales of American, and Exporters 1,000 Ameri-
can, 270 Bengal, and 300 Surat. The Sales to-day are up-
wards of 6,000 bales, with a healthy market.

Consols, which left cff yesterday at 91i 4 far the openin,*,
may be quoted at present 911 5, Reduced, 91/ with scarcely
anything doing. Exchequer Bills 23 25 prem. ; India Bonds
2 4 prem.
In the Foreign Market, Spanish, Active was a shade lower
than it left off, 27/ ; Deferred 12/ 1 ; Passive 61 5 ;
Portuguese 35/ 1 ; Three per Cents. 244 1 ; Colombian 274 ;
Mexican 314 324 ; Brazilian 76i 1; Dutch Two-and-a-Hall
per Cents. 545 5 ; Five per Cents. 1015 5.
SMA K E*. —Great Western Railway 39 41 prem. ; London and
Brighton 6 5/ disc. ; Blackwall 11 24 prern..,• Birmingham
99 101 prem. ; Southampton 554 59/ per share ; Croydon
124 1 ditto; Greenwich 9 10 ditto; Manchester and Birming-
ham 6 5 dis. ; Real &A Monte 4 5.
PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 1754 6 India Stick •
3 per Cent. Red. .. 9155 Ditto Bonds ...... pm.
3 per Cents. Con.
3/ per Cent. ... — Old Annuities ...

Ditto Red ... 99a New Ditto —
New 3} per Cent, ...... 3 per Cent. Ann. 1751
New 5 per Cent.
Bank Long Annuities to expire Ditto ...... 5001. 23 27 pm.
Jan. 5, 1860. ..
Oct. 10, 1859.
Jan. 5, 1860. ...... Ditto Advertised ... pm.
Jan. 5, 1880.
April 5, 1880. ...
Jan. 5, 1670.
FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds
Belgian Bonds Ditto Account
Ditto Account — Portuguese Bonds —
Brazilian Bonds ... — Ditto New Bonds
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds — Ditto, 3 per Cent ...
Ditto Account. — Ditto Account —
Chilian Bonds - Prussian Bonds ..... ...
Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds
Ditto Account.
Columbian Bonds, 1824 -- Spanish Bonds
.. 261 7A
Ditto Account 2711 , Ditto Account 264 74
Danish Bonds ... .. Passive
Ditto Account Defei rod ... l2i
Greek Bonds ... — French, 5 per cent... —f. —c.
Ditto Bonds, 1825....
Ditto Account — 3 per cent... --f. —c.
Mexicanßonds, 5 per cent Exchange... —f. —c.
Ditto Account ......
Ditto,6 per Cent — Ditto Account -
Ditfo Account ...... ... Ditto, 5 per cent —
Neapolitan ... Ditto Account
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE.
i.l. s. d. X. s. d. £. s. d.
RAILWAYS. Paid. Per Share.
Great Western
Manchester and Leeds
Midland Counties ... lOO 44 ...... to
North Midland, (New)
South Eastern and Dover
Very little has been done in the British Market, and C,onsols
are at present 914 ; Exchequer Bills higher 23 7 prem. ; Re-
duced 91e, E.

In the Foreign Market the only feature is Spanish Active,
which has been 26i; at present 27k ; Deferred 12a ; Passive
6k ; Colombian 27a ; Portuguese 35k ; Dutch Two-and-a
Half per Cents. 5_41.

Little business doing in the Share Market, but the quotations
are rather lower than at the close of business yesterday.
CLOSING PRICES.
BRITISH FUNDS.
.
Rank Stock . • 176 : India Stock ... ..
3 per Cent. Red 9l/ Ditto Bonds — prr
3 per Cent Cons
......
.. Ditto Old Annuities ...
3, per Cent Red.._ .. 991 Ditto New Annuities...
New 31 per Cent
New 5 per Cent ..
Lone Annuities to expire Ditto Small
Jan. 1560
Oct. 1859 — India Stock for Acct...
Jan. 1860... Consols for Acct 914
FOREIGN FUNDS.
Austrian, 5 per cent... Portuguese, 5 per cent.
Belgian,
Ditto, New Ditto 3si
Brazilian
5
ilianl3l3:r n•fesent .... Prussian, 5 per cent....
BuenosAy res, 6 per cent Russian, 5 per cent. ...
Chilian, 6 per cent — Ditto, Metallic
Colombian, 6 per cent... Spanish, S per cent 26i
Ditto, 1824
Danish, 3 per cent.... French,s per cent... —f. —c.
Greek, 1825,5 percent. Exchange ..
Mexi,an, 5 per cent.... French, 3 per cent —f. —c.
Ditto, 6 per cent, 1825. Dutch, 2i per cent 54;
Peruvian, 1825, 6 per ct. Ditto, 5 per ceut... ..
SHARES.
Birmingham and Derby Railway B7
Great Western Railway
Ditto New Shares ... 49
Gosport Junction Railway
London and Brighton Railway 29/
London and Blackwall Railway
London and Birmingham Railway
Ditto Quarter Shares
London and South Western Railway ... 5Bl
London and Croydon Railway (Trunk) lll
Alanchester and Leeds Railway ... as
Midland Counties Railway
North Midland Railway
Ditto New shares 40%
South Eastern and Dover

PRICE OF SUGAR.

EFFECT OF MONOPOLY.

Table showing the ex-duty price of West India Sugtr
in Mincing-lace, and comparing the same against that of
foreign Sugars:—

London, June 19, 1840.
The Gazette of this evening will quote the
average price of British Plantation Muscovado Per Cwt.
Sugar, exclusive of duty, at 44s. 6d.
The actual quantity of West India Sugar sold on account
of the importers, in the week ending the 16th instant, ac-
cording to the returns made upon oath by the West
India "Sugar Brokers, in conformity with the Act of Par.
liament, and pn which quantity the above price is com-
puted, consisted of 1,331 hhds. 118 trs. and 81 brls.
Foreign Sugars raised by free labour may be bought
this week at from 19s. to 235. per cwt. ; being quality for
quality 235. per cwt. cheaper than West India Sugar, and
155. per cwt. less than the industrious classes of this
country have to pay to the West India proprietors for
tre,:cle of ordinary quality—admitted to home consumption
duty free—on the pretence that the poor man may supply
himself with a cheap sweet—in reality that the indolent
West Indians may enrich themselves at our expense.
The West Indians have now had from this
country .R20,000,000
and putting the profits arising from their
monopoly in all descriptions of colonial pro-
duce at five millions a year, which is below
the real sum, they have had in the seven
years since the emancipation 35,000 000
making together the enormous sum of fifty five millions
sterling.

It has been determined by the Government to eppore
any proposition for the alteraticein the Sugar duties; the
West ladiaes arc to be indulged with a permission to have
the full run of our pockets for another year. This is really
too bad, but the plea for imr_roving such a frequent griev-
=ice on this suffering nation is worse, because it add: in-
sult to injury. The plea for maintaining the colenial mone-
poly is. that it would be an act of injustice t 'wards tt e
West led:ans to deprive them of any portion of the ad-
vantages which accrue to them through cur fiscal prohibi-
tory Caws; b-2cause, as it is alleged, the people of this
country compelled them to relinquish the nefarious system
of apprenticeship two years sooner than the period origi-
ne:ly appoieted. Was the apprenticeship clause introdu-
ced into the Emancipation Act for the benefit of the plan-
ter- ? Certainly not. It is notorious, and the declaration
was made in the House over and over again, that the ap-
prenticeship clause was passed with the intention of allow
leg sufficient time to prepare the negroes for the recep-
tion of the inestimable blessings of absolute freedom.
These negroes, however, acquired in a much less time than
it was thought they could do, a perfect acquaintance with
the rules of society, and were prepared to fulfil, and have
since fulfilled, the duties incith nt to the new state of
things around them ; they needed, therefore, no further
instruction:; the object for abich the apprenticeship laws
acre enacted, was attained. When, however, the friends
to the blacks took this view of the question in the House
of Commons, up stinted the West Indians, and claimed
that the apprenticeship forme...! part and parcel of a com-
pact with the legislature of this country, that is to say.
they claimed, besides the twenty millions compen-
sation money munificently granted by the nation for
the entire liberation of the negroes—a positive right to the
labour of their bodies for seven years. This preposterous
assumption of power would, nevertheless, have passed un-
noticed by the British nation, had the quondam slave-
drivers behaved with moderation and forbearance towards
their unhappy victims. No interference was attempted
by the public on behalf of the black population, until intel-
ligence reached this country that the planters were perpe-
trating scandalous acts of cruelty upon the negroes, under
the pretext of carrying out the apprenticeship laws—acts
paralleled in atrocity only by proven guilt in the worst
days
of slavery. Did the Legislature of that time put a
stop to these horrible proceedings? An attempt to do so
was made in the House of Commons, but it ultimately
failed. No, no, it was not the Legis'ature which compelled
the West 'Alerts to release the negroes from their unholy
The
their Government
efforts
were
then watt,
grasp, but it was the potential voice of the British people
which alarmed the Colonial Heuses Of Assembly into an
doubtless,acquiescence
powerless, by what right do they now spread their ample
shield of protection over West ledia interests? How can
w.e l within te nittiso nde
de ; abn mudt.
as
they justify their ho tility to the abolition of a wicked and
mischievous monopoly ? Had the enfranchisement of the
black apprentices been effected so prematurely as to have
occasioned damage to West Lelia society in general, a
desire to remunerate or redress the sLfferers would be par
donable. No such damage has, how.ever, been sustained ;
but, on the contrary, the predictions of the friends of the
negroes, that they were prepared fur freedom, have beet.
abundantly verified. The policy of the Government is in-
explicable, without attributing motives which, we sincerely
trust, have no place in their Councils.

DISPATCH.— By a Third Edition of that most
enterer icing paper the London Sun, we were in possession of
the intelligence of the attempt on her Majesty's life unties
twenty-fina hours of its occurrence, the distance being about
300 miles sea and land ; an instance of expedition, we believe,
unparallelecl.-3foaris Herald.

Mr. Robert Langslow has been appointed one
of the Judges of the District Court of Colombo.
