42V OCC.AIONAL /i:DbAESS,

-
Written and Spoken by Mr. FA uLmtztt, on the OPe:ling of
Scarborongh Theatre, Monday, Angtr,st the tit,,, Oin2, for
the Benefit of the Sailors belonging to that town, now
Prisoners of War. .

To this, blest Isle, where Liberty atßi e
Could safely fix her happy, envied throne,
This precious stone, set in the silver sea,
This dear, dear land," that ever will be free ;
The milder virtues, owe their sacred birth,
And every noble trait of manly worth.
In " Neptune's Park" the edifice of Fame
High rears her head, and many a Briton's name,-
Lodg'd irt her achives, to remotest time .
Shall be the wonder of each age and clime !
Oh, glorious boast ! —While Usurpation reign'd,
And Europe bow'd submissive and enchain'd ;
While all th' .horizon heavily did lour,
Big with the storm of fierce tyrannic power ;
Like her own oak, Bit ITA IN the tempest brav'd,
And bade each State no longer be enslay'd
At length they rouse, and eager to regain
Her native rights; stands foremost noble Spain ;
By Britain aided, and by her inspir'd,
Each Spaniard's breast with liberty is fir'd !
May every nation catch the sacred flame,
" And citizen and soldier prove the same."
In vain the " ruffian hordes" may then advance-
- In vain the.threats of slavery and France;
The. Patriot glow their elfZ)rt shall withstand,
The surest safeguard of each injur'd land! •
Europe triumphant ! war at length shall cease,
And surrance change to happiness and peace.
Then those who now by tyranny immur'd,
Who dauntless dangers and distress endued,
In prisons pent, oppress'd with want and woe,
Their preservation to your boanty owe ;
Whose cause to-night most earnestly we plead,
Shall thank you for the charitable deed ;
Tell how you sooth'd thit sad and dreary lot,
And piliv'd no Briton eyer is fergot ;
Crateful, o'er seas and climes your .faine extend,
Whose proudest title is—The Sailors' Friend.

The ilfricans, as we predited, will amply indem-
nify the Theatre for • the high price of the Copy-
right and the great expence that must have attended
its preparation.—YouNo, FAWCETT, and LisTobr,
are under great obligations to the Author, notwith-
standing the reputation which they possess, for the
opportunity which he has afforded them to display
to uncommon advantage their respeolive talents.
On Monday the Bristol Theatre closed for the sea-
son, with the Inconstant. Mr. arkfMrs. C. KEMBLE
performed the charglers of Mirabel and Bizarre, in
their usual style of excellence, to a numerous and
genteel audience. After the Comedy Mr. CHAR L-
TON addressed the audience, in 'a neat and sensible
speech, on the part of the managers and Company,
expressive of their feelings and gratitude for the coun-
tenance and support with which they had been ho-
noured during the treason. -

• LEGAL McnERATIoN.—It has been stated in a
Morning Paper, that a Barrister has been sent to
Coventry for taking silver fees ! If this be true, he
should have made the same defence the facetious
Irish Barrister, Counsellor COSTELLO,' made to liis
brethren on a charge c.d, die same kind :—" My dew..
fellows, what.would you have me do 9 I took all
the man had."
It has been whimsically said that the Barrister who
accepted Silvei fres is probably a Crown Lawyer.
Another action for Critic. Con. is likely soon to come
betbre the public. The parlies area Sheriff's Officer
against a ci-devant Attorney, .and 'lately a particular
friend of the injured .husband. The discovery took
place'at an Inn I:ear.Ware, btu no entreaty could,
prevail on the Lady to return to the arms of her dis-
consolate' husband. What-is rather singular, he has
since received a letter of condolence from the guilty
party, entreating him to keep the matter a profound
secret, arid to bury in oblivion what has passed, in o
fessing services of' friendship hereafter, &c.
- The gallant in a late crim. con. cause has, it is
said, taken a house for the Lady at Parthn's Green.
This may 'be Considered as some advance towards
the Church. „

EXTRACT OF A: LETTER FROM AN OFFICER OF ONE
OF THE BRITISH SQUADRON, DATED OFF CORUNNA,

THE 3D INST.

" Official advices are just received here of the en-
tire defeat of General DUPONT ; his army, of
12,000 men, surrendered unconditionally ; and a
body of 8000 marching to his assistance, were nearly
surrounded, but capitulated on terms, viz. to be sent
to France by sea, and not to serve for a stipulated
time. Yesterday, the Junta at Coruntia gave a most
splendid entertainment to the Honourable Admiral
Ds Couacev, and, a number of Officers of the
Squadron ; the dinnerlwas splendid in the highest
dikgee., This defeat of DurosT will give the Spa-
nish army leisure for other purposes of annoyance to
the French, who are universally execrated by all
ranks of people. God grant the brave fellows sue,
cess! They all appear in high spirits, and the gene-
ral cry is Viva El Roy d'Angleterra et Ferdinand
Vii. .
Corunna was illuminated in consequence of
the defeat of DUPONT, and surrender of his army."
