had entertAred for the last ten or twelve yens, of
the trnpolicy, the injustice, and the criminality of
that trade. With the immense mass of evidence
laying on their Lordships' Table, and the manner in
which that question had been sifted and scrutinized
in all its bearings and relations, during the ten years
it bad been before Parliament and the Public, he
could see no necessity for wasting their Lordships'
time by receiving additional evidence at the Bar.
The _Gentlemen interested in this traffic, seemed to

depend more upon the length than the • strength of
their case. Their object appeared to be to carry

their point by fatiguing andw.earing out the patience
of their Lordships. As he had no means of ascer-
taining when it was intended that Parliament should
rise, he could not say whether there was sufficient
time to get through the Bill in the present Session.
For himself, his mind had long been made up on the
subje&, and he was willing t 9 come'to a vote on it as
soon as possible. If the determination to hear evi-
dence, should the House zldopt,that mode ofproceed-
ing, was supposed to proceed from any previous un.
derstanding or presumed recognition of that right,
be for one begged leave. to protest against it.
Lard ROWIIY was apprehensive that his

Noble Fricrd did not fully comprehend what he had
said. He did not mean to say that he was disposed
to countenance the idea, of procrastinating the im-
portant measure before the House. Although other

Noble Lords may, perhaps, be inclined to hear Coon.
sel, and receive evidence on the part of persons in-
terested, he had no occasion` for the benefit of such
lights, for his mind had long' been convinced cf the

inyolicy and the injustice of the Trade, and he would
vo!e for the Abolition of •it whenever it should be
brought forward.•
Tke Bishop- Is ST. AS APII considered any dis.
Cussion of the principle of the Bill as premature in
the present,Siage of it. Whenever it should regu.
lady come before their Lordships; he would be pre-
' •pared to argue in favour of the Abolition. The
question now was, whether the Bill should he print-
ed, and•to that he did not conceive there could be
any objeetion. • ,
The DUKE of CLARENCE would only trouble
their Lordships with a few words. Since a very
early period of his life, when he was in another line
of profession, which he knew not why he had no
longer employment in, he had ocular demonstra-
tion of the state of slavery, as it was called, in the
West Indies, and ale that he had seen convinced him,
' that it-not only was not deserving of the imputa-
tions that had been vast upon it, but that the Abo-
lition of it would be produlive of extreme danger
and mischief. -
Lord GR FNFILLE declareLl his intention of at-
tending in his place, whenever the second reading
of die Bill should take place, and of troubling their
Lordships with his reasons for supporting it ; but as
Tuesday would he rather more convenient for him
than Monday; and as it was desirable to have as
WI an atcenunnce as possible, he trusted the Noble
Spcx ETARY of STATE would consent to 4x the se.
pond readir.g for that day. . •
Lord Fi:vwx-FsetrßY acquiesced.
Cc elSel was afterwards beard agoinst the Tiptree
-Heath Inclosure Bill.
Adjourned till to-morrovv,

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

THURSDAY,' JUNE 28.

•• A new Writ was ordered for the eletlion of a
Representative for Mont-non:li,- in the room of Lord
CHARLES SOMERSET, who has accepted the office
of Joint Paymaster of the Forces; as was a Writ for
the Royal 13oroughs•of Dornock, Tain,
&c. in the room of the Right Honourable JOHN
'CHARLES VILLIERS, who has accepted 'the office of
of Prothonotary to the County Palatine cf Lancaster.
The Foreign Force Bill was read a second time,
and ordered to b co.r.mitted to.mmTow.
A Bill was ordered to be brought in, in eon_
ii)imity with the Resolutions of the 'Committee on
His Maksty's Message, relative to' the Annuity to
the Family of the late Lord KILWARDEN*.
Mr. W. DICKENSON gave notice, that he Would,
in the Committee 'Of Supply, on Monday ' next,
move fur the produ(tion of Additiorial Navy Esti.

Mates;
Sir W. GEARY presented a Petition from certain
Proprietors of Fl9p Grounds in the County of Kent,
against the late Duty on Hops. Ordered to lie on
the Table.

A Message from the Lords informed the House,
that their Lordships had agreed to the English Ad-
tditional Force Bill, without any Amendments, and
had passed a Bill for dissolving the Marriage of R.
Tighe. Eq. in which they desired the concurrence
of the House.
Mr. STURGES BOURNE moved the Order of the
for going into a Committee on the Dollar Bill.
After a few observations from Mr. PRINSEr, in
order to obviate any misrepresentation of what he
had 'said in a former stage, in which he disclaimed
Dry indea. of insinuating on the occasion, that
Bankers had encouraged the importation of French
Coin, to be circulated in this Country, the Bill
v.t,sedthrough-the Committee. The leport to be
leceived to-morroW,-
INSOI,VENT DEBTORS.

The Report of the Committee upon the Insolvent
Debtors, Bill was brought up.
Mr. KER expressed a wish, that some arrange-
ment might he reade, that should prevent the Ire.
Quent recurrence of such Bills as that before the
house. It was his warmest wish that unfortunate
Debtors should pot suffer the calamity of imprison-
ment, hut it was not inconsistent with that wish to
prevent men who were spending the property of
their Creditors in prison, from availing themselves
c:f an Ad intended only for the relief of misfortune.
die hoped that effzetual provision would be made
against this, and that some measure would be spec.
!lily adopted that should render such Ads unneces.
vary. The Hon. Member took occasion to remark
upon the amount of the sum for which persons were
pow liable to arrest upon mesne process, and stated,
that in his opin.n, that sum (tql.) was much too
;taw.
The Report WIS agreed to, and the Bill was or.
pcol to be read a third time to-morrow.
4,IVETtPow, PRIZE qooDs-Bp4.
On the Motion for the third reading of this Bill,
oonsel for the Petition against it, was calle4 in,

Mr. PLOME it appeared at the Bar, and spoke at
-some length, in favour of the Claims of the *'eti.
tioners.

After the Learned Gentleman had withdrawn,
Mr: G. ROSE stated the reasons which induced
the proposition of this Bill.. East India Prizes had
been taken into the Port of Liverpool, and the Cap..
tors were proceeding to di.pose of them, until the
Custom-House Officers, knowing the at to be il-
legal, interfered. Those Officers immediately ap_
prized Government of the nature of the case, and
Government felt the necessity of applying to Par..
liament. No one could doubt that the East India
Company solely possessed the right of importing
goods into this Country from India ; but when it
was considered that this Bill related only to captures,
that those captures were made by seamen, who gene-
rally knew nothing of the Law, and that in the par..
ticular case which gave rise to this Bill, the captors
would suffer a loss of one-seventeenth per cent. by
its rejedion, he appealed to the candour and justice
of the House, whether it would be fair to oppose it ?
The Right lion. Gentleman in the course of his ob-
servation stated, that he saw no reason why prize
captors should he precluded from disposing of their
prizes at the best markets, and it was well known
that Liverpool was as good a market as London for
the sale of such goods as those to which the Bill
referred.

The Bill was read a third time and passed.
CIVIL LIST.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER proposed,
with the permission of the House, to defer his lio-
tice Of a Motion relative to the Civil List arid the
Stamp Duties, which stood for to-morrow, in the
Committee of Supply, to Monday next ; and as he
was on his legs, he availed himself of the opportu-
nity of stating, that, as the greater parr of the pri-
vate business had been already gone through, he
proposed to proceed with the public business in fu.,
tune, as soon after four o'clock as possible.•
