LAND DISTRICTS.

My dear Friends and Fellow.countrymen,—The Ministers,
whom we carried back to power upon the shoulders of the
people, have betrayed our confidence. We have given them
a fair trial, and they have grievously failed, They have done
nothing which thay ought to have done, and almost every-
thing which they ought not to have done. They give us slavery
for Ireland, and poverty for England : they give us internal
misery, and foreign shame. Twice in every year they collect
from us every shilling in the country, in the payment of taxes.
Twice in every year they collect from us every shilling in the
country, in the payment of rents. Four times in every year
they take our all! They will neither lift up our means to a
level with our burdens, nor cut down our burdens to a level
with our means. We speak to them of distress--they deny
its existence. They almost answer us in the unfeeling words
of the Egyptian tyrant, "Ye are idle, ye are idle. Get you to
your burdens."

My dear Friends and Fellow-countrymen—There is no hope
for our country, so long as these men continue in power; the
people cannot flourish under the blighting, blasting, influence
of the dominion. The people must assemble in peaceful, legal,
and majestic masses. They must lay their complaints and their
grievances at the foot of the Throne. Our good King will
Again listen to our prayers. The unjust Ministers will be dis.
missed ; and the prosperity of the people will be yet restored.
Come then, lay friends, once more, in your countless masses.
Come with the hearts of lions, but with the gentleness of
lambs ; meet me again at Newhall.hill, on Monday the 2Otli of
May, and give proof once mo.o that you know your rights;
and that, knowing them, you are
mined to defend them.
There must be no violence, no outrage, no insolence of any
kind. Peace, law, order, loyalty, and unioi._ these are our
'Mottos. These are the weapons, by the use of w.. 11.1, we have
gathered up our giant strength. With these weapons ye have
reconquered the liberty of our country. With these wer.,,
we will yet recover the prosperity of the people.

THOMAS ATTWOOD.
No. 13, Abingdon.street, London, May 9, 1833.

BRIDGES.—A new bridge might have been
built in the tine which will be occupied in repairing
Westminster bridge; and 90,0001. and upwards will he
required to repair Blackfriars bridge, now also in a state
of great dilapidation, owing to the materials u,ed in erect-
ing both of them. London bridge, a specimen of simple
architecture, blending neatness with strength, by being
built of excellent granite, will remain sate and perfect
when the two other bridges are decayed, and mouldered
into ruins.

The erysipelas is at present very prevalent : it
is a dangerous and distressing complaint, and those who
are attacked with it should have recourse to immediate
medical advice. Any attempt to repel it is dangerous, and
may lead to mortification, and those who drink stimulating
liquors, as they say, to drive it out, will very probably
drive themselves into the grave.... Morning Advertiser.
