[MORNING POST :ii

We received 7ait night, by Express, the Paris
Journals of Saturday, and the Etoile of Sunday
morning. They are generally barren. Accord-
ing to a letter froth Madrid (in the Quotithenne),
dated the 23d of December,. public qatiquillity
had been disturbed at Saragossa, iu consequence
of a.quarrel be►weer► a Spaniard and a French
tfumpeter, whicia terminated by the death of the
hitter. Further bloodshed had only been avoid-
ed-through the prudence of the French Corn-
wander, who confined his troops to- their quar-
ters in order to prevent them from avenging their
comrade. The existence of a hostile spirit be-
tween the 44 protected " and their 44 protectors "
is thus clearly manifested, and _the measures
adopted to repress it, although successful at the
time, have an iuevitable.tendeucy to augment its
bitterness, and to render a future explosion cer-
tain arid more terrible. The same letter asserts

that the ne_w !ministers- were on the
,eve of being

Changed, and that `r "the Itoyal.Loan would be
taken Up by several foreign houses, under the
. guarantee of the Spanish - Clergy.": It is very
doubtful, howpver,7,thatsuch a.guarantee would
be- given, or, 'if offered. would be accepted
by any houses liavinz the least regard, for their
interests. Ferdinand Kill be cautious how be
Calls upon the Clergy to make sacrifices, or to
place its property in jeopardy to support h;.5.
„ throne, lest that powerful body should conceive
• itself no better treated than it had been by
`the
,Constitutionalists, and should turn against
him .a- Portion• of that influence which contributed
so efficaciously to the overthrow bf the late sys-
, tern. On the -other hand, should the Clergy
consent -to the measure, is the state of its pro-
; :perry so secure in the present condition of Spain
us- to be considered a sufficient gUarantee for bona
fide advances of .real money ? 'This attempt, we
Are convinced, will fail like the rest ; and Fer-
dinand will be ultimately compelled by want of
means to-do that Which honour and honesty have
hitherto prescribed vain—e-to pay, or at least
to recognise, his old debts, before he contracts
new ones.

• {trp.w tmEs.]
•
•• At a late_hour.
,last night the-Accounts of the
Quarter's- iteveir?,were riot, made up. Enough
However iia atespired to, prove the highly
prosperous,ortaif the ft.4)venue. The excess of
income,over Charge in the Consolidated Fund

exceeds, we understand, three millions ; of
which 700,0001. are derived from Austria in part
re-payment of the Loan so long since made to
that Government. The Customs are said to
have considerably improved : in the year 1823
their produce exceeded that of the year 1822 by
upwards of a Million sterling: and the Quarter
ending on the sth of January, 1824, presented
an increase of nearly 450,09t1. over the Quarter
ending on the sth of January, 1823—such at
least are the statements collected from the im-
perfect accounts of yesterday evening : the exact
balances will not be struck till this day.

`MORNING HERALD.]
Some doubts have been thrown upon the naval
advantages recently stated to have been obtained
over their oppress-)rs, by the Greeks. They are to-
tally removed by the last arrivals. The Turkish
fleet has been obliged, not merely to take refuge
in the Dardanelles, but to lay Itself up for repair
at Constantinople. It is stated that the Turks have
been compelled to raise the siege of Missolunghi. If
this be the fact, it would have a powerful influence
over the issue of the war. It would decide the inha-
bitants of Acarnania and Albania in favour of the
G reeks. It is not merely the immediate aspect of the
war, that renders the success of the Insurgents pro-
bable, but the state of embarrassment and con-
fusion to which the Turkish Government is re-
sluced. Its financial distress is without parallel,
and the usual clumsy expedient of adulterating
the currency has been resorted to. .The conse-
quence is, that those who are possessed of gold
or silver have secreted their treasure, and that
commerce is completely at a stand. To think of
prosecuting the war against the Greeks, under
such circumstances, would be nugatory. Ac-
cordingly an extraordinary meeting of the Divan
had taken place to consider of the affairs of
Greece. The result is stated to have been the re-
solution to propose an Amnesty to the Greeks,
and place them under native Governors, like those
of the \Vallachian and Moldavian provinces. It is
not at all unlikely, that this offer may be sup-
ported by Russian influence. The Emperor
Alexander would ❑o doubt assume the same cha-
racter of mediator and protector, which the Porte
has already had the folly to concede in the
above-named Provinces, and which is the first
step in his project of ultimately possessing himself
of those Provinces and of Greece. But there is
no great probability that the Greeks would listen
to any overture short of their independence.—
One only peril may be apprehended, it is that
some of the more ambitious Greek chiefs may he
influenced by offers of being appointed Gover-
nors under the new arrangements.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
The Message of the American President will
not be easily digested by the
their throats.'"
despots of the Con-
tinent. Already "it sticks in
The ultra Etoile, the organ of the intolerant fac-
tion in France, has a long article on this decisive
document in it columns of Sunday. " Mr. Mon-
" roe, (this Journal says)/ who is not a Sove-
" reign, who has himself told us that ho is
" only the first deligate of the people, has
" taken in his Message the tone of a power-
' " ful Monarch, whose armies and fleets are
" ready to go forth on the first signal. He does
more (this paper adds), he Prescribes to the
44 potentates of Europe the conduct they are to
44 pursue in certain circumstances, if th,,v do not
" wish to incur his disgrace. Such is the prohi-
" bition which he issues against their ever think-
" lug of any new colonization in the two Arne-
" ricas." The American President may not have
44 that divine and indefensible right" about him,
which the _Mode and its followers are so fond of
glorifying; but they will find his arm when
supported by the free country whose first Ma-
gistrate he is, as heavy, when raised to strike,
44 as the . loins of a King," and an insuperable
bar to the meditated attempts of France and
Russia in the New World. The vapourish trash
of the Eloile about " Mr. Monroe being the
44 temporary President of a Republic situated on
44 the eastern coast of North America," where that
great and rising country comprises so vast an ex-
tent of territory and resources, and more than ten
millions of inhabitants,cannot blind even the most
prejudiced. America pretends to no dictation in
the affairs of the New. World ; her language is—
Let Spain and Portugal recover their emancipated
Colonies if they can, by their own efforts and re.
sources; but we will have-no armaments raised by
France,and the hordesof Russia or Austria on these
shores.—Europe is now enslaved-7-America,
through her whole extent, is fortunately free.__
How long would freedom exist there, if the
principles and. arms of. the Holy. Alliauce be-
came triumphant ? The Etoile may rave as it
pleases, bOthe declared policy of America is that
of Great Britain too ; and both Powers, with.
their fleets and-.resources, will resist any attempt.
of the Continental Despots to carry slavery
tcr the shores of the New World. The menace
(as we long since foretold it would)
,from either.
country, has, however, already produced its of
fect ; and Spain and its ally France are now, it
appears, willing- to compound, at the announced.
Congress, for a sum, of money, to acknowledge
the independence of South America, and, in place
of Grotius or Vette!, .to ground their treaty on
the sage principles of Cocker's arithmetic.--.
What a falling Off. is there. The whole army
of martial chivalry vanished, and pounds, shil.
hogs, and pence,
.appearing in columns in their
place South America, however, will never,
we trust, compound for such an acknowledgment
by a sacrifice of this sort:-she is free at once, de
facto et de jure, and why should she pay.aheavy
price for -,what she has -already purchased by
years of sacrifice and eft9rt ?

We are sorry to announce the death of the
Viscountess liit.counim, of t aglehurst, in this county.—
This event took place a few days since, at an .estate of his
Lordship's, Torquay, Devon, to which place her Ladyship
retired about twO months since for the benefit of her health.—
(Southampton Herald.)

M ELA NCHOLY :ACCIDENT.—On Sunday: after,
noon, as George Hankin, ferryman to William. Brind, Escr,
wasreturning after conveying. the postman across the ferry'at
Shepperton, in raising one of the poles he over-reached himself,
and sunk to rise rio more. The unfortunate,ma.n has left
wife anchwo children totally unprovided for, to deplore his un-
timely end.
