IRENCH PAPERS.

r.Premi the Doile, dated Thursday, Afneeh 2.j
Letters from Berlin of the Ifibth of Febiliarr
tab that the Catholic Bishop of DreSdett has
Made a formal Complaint against a-Protestant
hiinisteri on account of a Sermon preached by the
latter. This Sermon, of which five editions have
been printed, is the more sought after, because
Considerable sensation has ' been excited by the
abjuration of the 'Duke and Duchess of Anhalt
coethett, vilho have embraced the gonion Catho-

lie religion. . ,
We learn from Coblentz that the Provincial
had their first Sitting on the VAIL Piunselior
Estates of the Rhine are POW assembled. They
Hartung de Mayer is President. ,
' - (From Me Constitutionuel.l .
report was spread yester..,
. PAHIR) FEB. 28.—A
day, in Some circles at .Paritt, that the oily of
Madrid had been the theatre of great disortlefs,
tendito ntthiantilt,hroebla):lkee,
should he etitifirio.ll, the Ili.
de, l'lnfontatio had been diw
missed from the Ministry. if this news, which
timpll of the Congregation in gpain- is not, doubt-
ful, and we must expect new disorders. . What
an example is Spain to centstitutional France• ! ,
FRENCH FUI4IIth—PARIO. Marten h—rive pet (riots.
98t Cbc.—Three pa Cent*. 60. Pc.—Nertpolitan Roues, W.
20c.—Itente d'Espagne,tl}.-Itayol Spanish Loan, 45if.—Ex-
chahge on London, one month, ',W. SSC. ; three ditto, 25f. 425v..;--
(Coors Autlientique.)

have been by 20,000 mere had it not been for the loss of time
and the cxpence which coining to subscribe their names would
have occasioned to individuals. The character of the Ifotfie
depended in a great measure on the determination which the
Lordships would take on the stinjeet of the Corn_ Law',
thotigh the public would not 'lodge from their decision Idone
but from their motives. In the preamble of the Corn Art it
was fairly admitted that it Was passed for the protection of
the Landowners, whiltt in the House it was pretended to he
solely for the general good. Nay, *this was maintained by
those, who, with respect to other interestt, were 'illiposed
to throw every thing Open. It would ,draw largely. !tit the
credulity of the pUblic to Make them believe that the object
of the friends to those laws was a disintgroatea one: L
had been repeatedly recommended by smile' Noble Lends
that the subject should not be discussed till the general dc.
bate which must one day take place nptio the question. This
might be a convenient course for; thent. Some qehtlemen liked
to have one day's grand shooting- others liked to shoot a little
everyday, and they did quite as such On the *hole as the tin-
nier did in their grand day. lie wished to do the same, being
convinced that frequent attacks ottld Produce a salutary ins.
pression on the evil which it was' his Object to remove. No.
thing was more likely to create heart-burnings, and to Sepa.
rate the lower classes from people of property, as the existing
system of Corn Laws.—The Petition was then rend and laid on
the table.
The Earl of SIIATTESiIuni' presented a Petition from Chip.
ping Norton against any alteration in the Corn Laws.—Laid oil
the table
.Earl GaosVrwoa, in consequence of the illness of a Noble
Friend (We understood the Earl of Derby), presented a Pei,
tion from the Gentlemen and Inhabitants of Blackbuine; signed
by 13,000 individuals, and praying for the repeal of the Corn
Laws.—Laid on the table.
The Marquis of LANSDOWit presented a Petition from the
Inhabitants of that portion of the City of Glasgow called the
Gorbals, praying fdr a revision of the' Corn Laws.—Laid oat
the table.

CON#ERENCE 'THE COMMONS.
Mr. Secretary ChrNrxe, and several Members, appeared itt
the Bar with h Message from the Commons, reqUestmea con-
ference with their Lordships, On a matter deeply connected
with the welfltre of hii Majesty'S West India Colonies.
The LORD CHANCELLOR having taken the sense of the
House informed the Corhmons that their Lordships agreed
to hold, is conference With them immediately in the Painted
Chamber.
The Cchilinntis having retired, a Deputation, consisting ofthe
following Peers repaired to the Painted Chamber .—Tljc Duke
of Gloucester,. the Marquis of Lanstlottn, the Earls ofShatles..
bury, Grosvenor, Bathurst, and Liverpool, the Bishop of
London and Litchfield, and Lord Bexley.
. At the return of-the Deputation,
The Duke of GLOUCESTER stated that the Commons had
presented certain resolution's, to Which they prayed the concur-
rence of their Lordships. His Royal Highness then read a copy
of the Resolutions passed by the Common* in IRA stating in
sitbstance that it was expedient to adopt measures to ameliorate
the condition of slaves, to fit them fbr a participation In civil
fights and privilegett, and that ih doing so Parliklient shoulA
I be desirous to consult the safety of the slaves themselves, as well
de of his Majesty's West India Colonies.
• Earl BAT HURST moved that these Resolutions be printed,
which having been ordered, the Noble Earl gave notice, that on
Tuesday next he should move, that their Lordships do agree to
thoie Resolutions. Their Lordships 'Were then ordered. to be
summoned for that day.
SLAVERY. ' •
The Earl df ILinnowni.presented a Petition flinn Fordiq
Bride, in Hampshire, praying for the,sholltion df slavery.
The Earl of 111Acctrsrretm presented similar PetitiOrli
from Chipping Norton, and several place* in the counties of
Statibrd and Oxford.—Laid on the table. •
CAMBRIDGE 'UNIVERSITY AISD LONDON-

PETITIONS.
The Duke of GLOUCESTER held a Petition frOtn
Members and Chancellor of the University of Cambridge, cit.
pressing their great desire that slavery should be abolished, and
hoping that his Majesty's Ministers would take measures to en•
forte the Resolutions to which Parlittinent had Come on , that
subject in 180.—Read, and laid on the table.
lir floYAr. LIMINESS then said that he was highly gratis
lied in having to present a'Petition to the same efliet•from the
inhibittintS of London, signed bY 70,000 individuals.—Read;
and laid on the table.
The following Petitions for the abolition of slavery were then
also presented by his Royal Highness from the Town of Buck.
ingbafti, front that Of Aberdeen, front the Borough ne Mont-
itte and the Polish of Benthaidy near Abertleen.—Laid en the
table.
Earl OttosvExoft presefited , etiiibnit to the same eff;!et,
from Colne and five other places in the County of Lancaster.—
Laid' on the table.
The Earl of ItosEIIEftRY presented similar Petitions frdm,
the inhabitants of the City of .Edinborgh, from the town arid
ithinty of Bailiff, and from the Borough of Ilatidington...-Laid
on the table.
Similar Petitions were presented from the Deanery of Ax.
bridge in the county of Sormerset by the Bishop of B r and
Etts ; ftom the town of Brentfbrd, in Middlesex, by the
Bishop of thou CEST ; from the County of Norfolk, signed
by 17,125 individuals, every name of whom had been wri ten
by the individual to whom it belonged, by Lord Su rFIELD, as
well as one from Greenwich and its vicinity 4 from Dtvonport;
in the county of Devon, signed by every inhabitant of that
place without exception ; from the City of Oxford, the County
of Kerry 'and the town of Ramsey in the county of Hants, by
the Marquis of LAWSDOWN ; and from the towns of Bit...
in:lngham, and Tisburv, in the county of Wilts, by Lord CAL 4
THOttp;.—Laid on the table.
BANKINO IN SCOTLAND.

Viscount 31m.vtLtr presented a Petition from the 1.1 ham-
her of Commerce and Manufactures at Edinburgh against any
alteration in the System of Ranking.—Laid on the table.
The Earl of LAuDEnnALE presented 110.1ar Petitions froni
the Borough of Inverary, from Kinross, and frail the County
of Forfar.—Laul on the table.
On the motion of the same Noble Earl, Returns were or-
dered of the Market Price of (fold and other articles at thaw.
burgh, Peri*, and Lisbon, during the thunths9filannery and
February, 1526. Adjourned till Monday.
