rtioillttlg.

This paper contains an article which, if correct, is of
the highest importance, as proving that the infatuated
FERDINAND has added another wreath to his folly by
refusing to yield an unqualified submission to the terms
demanded of him. The Etoile states, that the latest
news from Madrid that has been received in Paris is of
the 26th December, of which date, as well as of the
18th and 21st, there were some articles in the unoffi-
cial part of the Illopßeta of this morning.
It is, howtNer, confidently asserted, that the demands
addressed to King FERDI NAND were the following :-
1. A disivoWal of every thing that has been done by
the Spanish Authorities to favour the invasion of the
rebels in Portugal. A change of his Ministers, &c.
2. Formally to recognize the Constitutional Govern-
ment of Portugal. .
To these demands FERDINAND replies--

I. That he will not change his Ministers; that he will
send to the frontiers an army of 5,009 men, for the pur-
pose of disarming and sending into the interior the insur-
gents who should return .into Spain.
2. That he would send a Charge d'Affaires to Lisbon,
:but that hi would not otherwi_le recognise the Consti-
tution of Portugal.

To which the Doile adds, « that it is evident that
this answer is not such as was desired."
It is truly not such an answer as was desired, but
it is such an answer as we were led, by experience of
the past conduct of the King of SPAIN and his Mi-
nisters, to expect. We have invariably predicted that
this weak and bigoted Monarch would be mad enough
to risk the vengeance of England upon his already
suffering people, by refusing to renounce the course he
has pursued with regard to Portugal, or by evading
•to enter into any distinct engagement on the subject :
and. it is therefore no matter of surprise to us to find
that FERDINAND has replied to the demands made
upon him in the terms stated by the Etoile.
If this intelligence should prove correct, the die is
cast; and Spain must pay the penalty of the folly of her
SOVEREIGN. Portugal must be effectually defended
from her insidious interference or hostile attacks ; and
the remaining Colonies of Spain must be seized in
security for, or indemnification of, claims upon her
Government.

Great Britai►► is not to be trifled with, and whether
it be in defence of a faithful ally, or for the settlement
of a just claim, that she draws the sword, she will not
-sheath it until she has accomplished her purpose, and
-Oven another lesson to the world, that, faithful herself
in her engagements, she will never submit to any
.violation ,of the engagements of others towards her
allies or herself.

most of the celebrated privately printed Books, and a large Col-- ,
lection of Prints, will occupy twelve days' sale.
. - . • -
Mr. John Field's Theatrical and Miscellaneous Library, which In another column will be found some further ex.
includes the first four Editions of Shakspeare'., Plays, in folio, tracts from the Etoile, amongst which are the ad.
and the Midsummer Night's Dream, and the Merchant of Venice, -
ire editions ; many of Ben Jonson's rare pieces ; and the Works dresses of the
.Council of State, and of the Municipi
of the early Dramatic Writers, Historical, Critical, and Contro-
body of the City of Paris to the KING, and his MA
versial ; Pamphlets relating to the Stage, andtives and r
Memoirs
of all the celebrated Performers; . Wotte soloing to tite Irish, ,JEST' s replies, , in which there is nothing striking,
Scottish, and English Provincial Theatres ; Manuscripts con- The Etoile likewise Ont./ins an Ordinance detect at
Ratted with the Stage; the largest Collection of Play Bag ever
Constantinople, 16th Nov., containing new Police
submitted to public notice ; an unique Collection of Checks, and
Tiekets of Admission to the Theatres, from the reign of Charles Regulations, for the execution of which the office of
the Second. to the present time; scarce Theatrical Prints, Caii-
Shlisah Aga has been erected; but as we conclude
metres, Portraits, and Paintings. In fact, the most extensive •
collection relating to a complete history of the British Stage ever that our readers care little whether the Rayas are for-
offered for sale. ' 1 1 bidden to have wooden shoes on at the Bath, or whether
The late Dr. Parr's extraordinary Library.
11 they are distinguished from Mussulmen by
,linen of
The late George Chalmers' valuable collection of old English
and Scottish Poetry:many of the works unique. ilinferior quality, we have not thought it necessary to
Mr. Th°rPe, the bookseller's, collection of old Plays and
' give the Ordinance at length :
Spanish Books. PARIS, JAN. 1.--" At eleven, the King and their Royal
The late Mr. Robert Grave's collection of Prints and Drawings,
and books relating to the Arts. Highnesses heard Mass in the Chapel of the Palace. This
A large portion of the Miscellaneous Stock of Messrs. Riving- morning, at nine o'clock, his Majesty received the felieiti-
tons, from their establishment in the Strand. ' tions of his family on the new year. After Mass the King
The select and valuable Library of the late George Henry received the felicitations of their Royal Highnesses the
Noehden, LL.D. Sic. 8.. e. of the British INluseurn. Duke and Duchess. and Mademoiselle DOrleans, the
An extensive and most singular Collection of Antograph Letters. Duke de Bourbon, and the Ministers, and afterwards those
A portion of the Library of the late Duke di Cassano. of the Prefects of the Seine, and the Police, the Mayor of
The valuable Library of a Gentleman, brought from his resi- Paris, the Council of State, the Members of the Institute,
donee in Edinburgh, particularly rich in English and Scottish
g&ne. who afterwards waited :Oil their Royal Highnesses,
History and Poetry ; including the Scotch Acts of Parliament, in
on leaving the Tuileries, proceeded to the Palais
folio, printed by Lepreuick, 1565, known by the title of the Black - d'
Acts; and many unique Works. Royal, to compliment the Duke of Orleans and his family.
We believe the sale of so many valuable collections of Books JANUARY 2.—" Yesterday, at two o'clock, the Ambas=
within one year, to be unparalleled in the history of Literature in sadors and Ministers of Foreign Powers paid their respects
this or any other country.
' to his Majesty.
Is addition to the above, there are daily Miscellaneous Sales " Yesterday, before Mass, the King received in the Hall
of Books, by Mr. Evans, Messrs. Stewart, Wheatley, and Ad- of the Throne, the homage of the Members of'the Council
lard, Mr. Sotheby, Messrs. Saunders and Hodgson, and other
' A A• rs. of State, having at their head, the Keeper of the Seals,
who had the honour to address the King as follows :
" ' Sire—l bring to your Majesty the respectful felicita-
tions of the Council of State.
" ' Its wishes do not change, Sire, neither does it ask
for any change.
" ` It wishes that the years, as they succeed, may con-
stantly resemble each other; that Providence may always
shed the same blessings on your happy and peaceful

On Tuesday last such of the freemen of this bo-
rough Who voted for N. Malcolm, Esq., at the last election, and
chose to accept of it, received a Christmas box of five guineas
each. The thirty-three plumpere who voted for John Wilke,
Esq. the unsuccessful candidate, received post letters on Sunday,
with five pounds inclosed in each, as a new year's gift, or offer-
.
ing..—Boston Gazette.

reign; that your submissive attd faithful peopla may al-
ways easy thet precious prosperity, the duration of which
is itself an advance, and which increases instead of di-

minishing.
Lastly, it ventures to wish that the deVdted sub-
jects, whose homage your Majetty, at this moment, deigns
to receive, tn7t.y s:,Ways obtain from you, as a recompence
for Ole same labours, and the same zeal, the same marks
of kindness and confidence.'-

The King replied._:,
" nr,TiVC with the more pleasure the expression of
the sentiments of my Council of State, as I have reason to
be pleased with the zeal displayed in all the affairs of im-
portance which I confide to it, It is by Moving on thus,
it is by serving the Mate, that you always acquired new
claims td 'l'4 confidence and favour.'
" On returning from Mass, the King, after going for a
moment to his Cabinet, came into the Salon de la Paix,
where the Municipal Body of the city of Paris, presented by
the Marquis de Dreux Breze, Grand Master of the Ceremo-
nies, had the honour to re§ent its congratulations.
Chabrol, Prefect of the Seine, expressed him-
self as follows :

" Sire—The Municipal Body, the organ of the senti-
ments-which animate the faithful inhabitants of your good
City of Paris, comes to offer to you... Majesty the usual
tribute of its felicitations and its wishes.
" Frsme-, happy and free under your Government,
Site., continues to enjoy the repose which it owes to your
wisdom, and of which your Majesty promises it the du-
ration.

" It reposes in security, knowing that in the hands of
the descendant of Francis 1., of Henry' IV., and of
Louis XIV,, its destinies. are placed under the guardian-
ship of honour. Peace, Sire, can also gain glorious
triumphs; and the colours which it protects every day
adorn with fresh palms this noble France, which is always
ardent in the pursuit -of every sperin of glory. These
trophies of victory—these magnificent monuments of the
wonder cf art,—these prodigies of industry, - the lively
image of the double crown, which has at all times adorned
the brows of your august dynasty—such 'only announce
the taste and the Wealth of a nation; they also attest its
strength and its power, and continually inspire new senti-
ments of devotedness, gratitude, aml love.' • •

The King answere-d-,.
" ' I always receive with the same pleasure the express
sions of the.sentiments aisfl the wishes of my good eity of
Paris. It may depend on all lily care for its happiness.
It knows how much I desire 'to see it always more and
more prosperous; what a value I attach_ to the preserva-
tion of that happy peace, of 'which it profits, so greatly
to its advantage. I hope that God will second my efforts
and my wishes, and that I shall have numerous occasions
to give the city of Paris proofs of my affection and my
good-will.' "

The Times of this morning prints the following

interesting letter from Lisbon, dated the 26th ult.,
which it states was, from an accident, not delivered till

yesterday :
LISBON, DEC. 26.—1 n the Gazette of the 19th, the
report of the sitting of the House of Peers is interesting,
as it proves- how much the heads of the Portuguese nobi-
lity, put themselves forward to defend the . Portuguese
charter, at the same time that they display a firmness in
not flattering the people; and draw a line of distinction be-
tween the. constitutional liberty which they defend, and the
abuses to which the remains of the faction of 1820 would
perhaps carry the Portuguese nation under the false pre-
tence of a love of liberty.
The reception of the news from England has beep en-
thusiastic, and not the slightest doubt can be entertained
relative to the result of this contest, now that those who
were timid from the fear of compromising their own in-
terests,
will be encouraged to display their true opinions.
Had the resolution of the English Cabinet been de-
layed, or been less promptly put into execution, it is pos-
sible that a conspiracy might have been framed at Lisbon
by the party of courtiers and intriguers, who expected to
see the troops of the 'Marquis de Chaves backed by the
Spaniards, and, as they thought, by other, powers, finally
succeed in their parricidal enterprise.
According to the last news from Lisbon, Count Villa
Flor, who commanded the army which repulsed and de-
feated the invaders of the province of Alentejo, had crossed
the Tagus with his army, and entered the province. of
Beira, in order to oppose any attempt which might be
made by the remains of Magessi's defeatedeorpi to re-
enter Portugal on the north side of 'the Tagus. In'the
two rencontres which had taken place in Alentejo, Count
Villa Flor's troops bad shown the greatest • decision and
fidelity, the commander himself and all the officers remain-
ing in front of their troops during the whole of the. action;
at the same time that,the officers of the rebels conducted
themselves in the most cowardly manner, keeping in the
rear, am' leaving to. the soldiers the whole brunt of the
action. In the army of the Count
,Villa Flor, there are
found serving as volunteers, several of the younger sons of
many noble families. _

don and Pat is, now gives the impulse to Vienna, which it re-
ceives from those two cities. The fluctuations that are caused in
this manner on the Vienna funds, ought not therefore to cause
any re-action here, if the cperatious Of the Stock Exchange were
always guided by logical principles. But they are rather guided by
mechanical laws, and thus we may understand lici* impulse giVen
from Paris or London throtigh Frankfort to the EXchange of Vienna
exercises a re-action, and is felt, if not in those two principal
places, yet both here and in Holland. This has happened with-
in these few days, when several expresses arriving in short inter-
vals from Vienna, brought the successive variations in the prices
of the funds, caused there by the fall in those at Paris and Lon-
don, and the bad effecti of which we experienced here a Week
earlier. This time, however, the re-action here was incbnsi-
derable, for almost at the same time with that bad
news we read in the Paris Journals the Speech of the
French Minister for Foreign AiThirs, in the Chamber of
Peers, which almost wholly removes the apprehension of a pos-
sible breach of the friendly relations between France and England,
through the discussion of the affairs of Tortugal. At other times,
indeed, such declarations and asseverations as that speech contains,
might not have met with implicit credit, because history shows
that such professions have often been the inutrediate precur-
sors of war. But in our times it seems to be the policy of
Cabinets to dispense with the veil which formerly hid its
proceedings from the eyes of the profane ; the most splen-
did example of which has lately been given by Mr. Can-
ning, in his celebrated speech in the House of Commons,
in which, conscious of the popularity of his cause, lie did not he-
sitate to make public things that he might have passed over,
without essentially affecting the interests of his country. We
also hear a great deal of a diplomatic note, which, by its contents
and tendency, is, in some measure, a corollary to the speech of
M. de Duna., and which is stated to be a confidentialletter from
M. de Yillele to Mr. Canning, of which, however, copies are in
circulation, and which we may the more reasonably hope soon to
read in all the journals, as the two Statesmen appear to have
no motive for concealing their confidence from the eyes of all
the world.

We have received this morning a letter, of which
the following are extracts, from a naval officer in the
West Indies , they contain much interesting informa-
tion, and observations drawls from personal knowledge
of the country :

At:VOLTA, NOV. SO.
Since I arrived in this part of the world I have already visited
Saint Domingo and the Caraccas, as well as many of the West
India Islands; and if the advocates for the Etninespition of the
Negroes are to take the former Island as a specimen of the success
which is likely to attend the abolition of Slavery, I pity the un-
fortunate Island that is first to try the experiment. In our old
Islands, it would be the height of cruelty ; in St. Domingo they
exist, because the soil is so prolific that what is wanted for the
mere support of nature is given almost spontaneously, and perhaps
the same might be said of Jamaica and Trinidad, but in the others
where they have a dense population, and worn out soil, it is out
of the question, as nothing grows in. them ; but in consequence
of good and systematic husbandry, St. Domingo, 34 years since,
was in many parts a garden, and I can myself recollect many parts
of it that were so; now all, or nearly to the eye, on the en
coast is one extensive wilderness, and the mass of the
people, under the most abject tyranny ; it is a republic in
name, but no despot assumes more than the President. Formerly
it loaded six hundred square rigged ships annually with sugar,
now it hardly makes enough for its own consumption ; and the
circulating medium a most debased coin. Mackenzie is well able
to give a correct and exact account of all he sees, and will give
Mr. Canning much useful information, as he is well acquainted
with the customs of these countries. With the exception of
Trinidad, the Weit India Colonies, I believe, are generally in a
most distressed state ;- the old 'planters are only now nominally the
proprietors, many of them.absolutely only receiving a stipend from
the London merchants ; and although
.they could very often make
much better sales of their sugar on the spot, yet as they are
obliged by contract to their mortgagee, to send all to England,
they are subjected to all the per centages, freight, &e. Sce,., and are
unable to avail themselves of the liberality which has been shown
towards them by Government; these, with their ridiculous forms
of Government (Lords and Commons) added to the fear of having
their negroes taken from them, of course makes them feel very
sore, and nothing but their absolute weakness, keeps them as quiet
as they are. I must say I pity them, for I believe the negroes
generally, are as happy a peasantry as any in the world. In my
fourteen years absence, there has been a great improvement in
their condition, and the times are gradually ameliorating them,
and were they rich enough to import steam engines to grind their
cane, every steam engine would be equal to the importation of
fifty negroes at least. In Trinidad, they are prospering under a
most enlightened Governor, not fettered with Lords and Com-
mons. They have generally begun with but little capital, but
thanks to the soil and the Government they have done well, and
although since " 97" the slave population has only doubled, yet
the sugar has increased 450 per cent., and the cocoa, in a much
greater proportion.
I have been a good deal at La Guayra, and am as fully con-
vinced as most of the Shareholders in the different South American
Schemes are, that all is not gold in these countries ; no doubt it
is a noble, country, but where the best soil is, there is also
pestilence; where there is a healthy 'country, the soil is not
so good, and it is in a mountainous country without roads.
The people are generally indolent, insolent, and ignorant, and
whatever venality may have been shown by the Spaniards,
whilst they were in poasession, it is much greater now. The
frauds, in every Department, are very great, as-you may suppose,
when I tell you that the Collector of the Customs at La Guayra,
who receives, iii avowed duties, 700,000 dollars per annum, kas
a salary only of SOO dollars, and on which be always gets rich.
'My last news front La Guayra is of the Sd of November. Paez is
still in power, and, I atu glad to hear, has got rid of some of his
bad advisers ; and affairs were wearing a better aspect, as they
had constitutionally demanded a new form of Government on a
federal system ; but Bolivar has seat to recommend the Bolivian
Code, the chief feature in which is, the President to be named
for life, and to be permitted to nante his anceessori This is a
step, I presume, towards his assuming the perpetual Dictator-
ship, or a Crown ; but the country is so extensive,
htmehnee.ntresuetnidin-,
munication so difficult, that I much doubt whether it is pos-
d; reformingsureivl
sible to exist under one head. The fact is, that like avilsltehraefmorasi,
tthheelylnmsteluilivsnteskn.oiwt ntoeucceshsaarylattioe reformupon.a t:iebiSeetatt.ew,hiincshtes.l
bleanwditkhnoownB,
hocieseintceroesuntitnrginto. yoTuh,evßi%Tolt)hecorrid
l
e
r
oeS with whom fie went home two years
p,s,aognacinedli
Imeea oailsfmat
little oo"ss
gultatuaehabisrenbil
Iw.ngillgesisi:6.rffalllilie4alar6eZtisfacticin, but a good deal of that is
dhoeinisgaitvever7elleieVaer—lthouganhd ikeUsapect,sonie tittle jealousy is entering
think he certainly is doing ag,,drejaa:tsidg.hea
io.nifititochet,hbhelaimis
,worn.off
The -Clergy will altogether do much good in" this ceiitntry.--
Bishop Coleridge will select well, and he is a strict disciplinarian,
and independently of the instruction they will give the negroes,
they will give a better tone of feeling to the higher orders of so-
ciety, so long as they conduct themselves well. Indeed you may
well fancy the benefits arising to small communities by the intro-
duction of gentlemanly, well-educated men. I have recently
l
lalohtuai
arfoepnies,iiitisl:hyi;.aetlen,alitkdylai
il'estessintapopi
zadorstspli 1:011p:ter:he nwartiesoiyi
been at Montserrat ; the President, Mr. Herbert, was in Eng-
e
I
y
r-
u
yiteeoos::: WytthchrreeeB4isyrpti n
ssrh,a.tvniTheai; Indies,lt
Island
ibel
cropl but
parchednrt dm their
cwaei
perhaps
manyythy
hpohe
alstiaenhvrrt, .twsessph,n:iae
these
iritanhtekshefdvealc
ax:cfv,.feayusydhim
Thew th
people ll' u ' l
f respect,n Montserrat
e butrr
at
f
not be made.

The Marquis d'.Angeja, Governor of the province of
Minho, was about to cross the Douro, in order to put
down the rebellion which had broken out at Lamega, in-
stigated by a Colonel of a regiment of militia, who is a re-
tion of the Marquis de Chaves, and founded upon the same
system of falsehood which has all along been employed to
gain the ignorant among the Portuguese people. It was
said at the departure of the steam packet from Lisbon' that
the Marquis de Chaves himself, with the principal body of
rebels, had been beaten at Amarante; and it is a matter of
fact, that they had not been able to_pass the limits of Tres-
os-Montes ; and that' ie Yeti before being apprized of the
arrival of English auxiliariei, they were beginning to waver
in their resolutions.
Nobody can deny that there are, Spanish officers and
soldiers in great number with the Marquis. De. Chaves;
and as a farther proof of the connivance.of the-Spanish
authorities at the attempts of the Portuguese refugees, it.
may be added, thareVen General Quesada; Governor of
An'dalusia, and whose conduct had been more guarded
than that of the other Spanish Governors, after having.'
recently requestecrtre- Count' D'Alvei'Govinicif'of Alger-
va, to send for the artillery, arms', aiid•eqiiiimelits,"‘thith
had been carried away by the fugitives from Algarva,
has, after all, only effected the -restitution of the artillery
and ammunition, declaring that the muskets and other
arms had been stolen and carried away by the refugees

themselves.
It may be given as a piece of certain intelligence, that
the Infanta Regent, yielding.to the suggestions of Sir W.
A'Court, had consented to receive again the Spanish Am-
bassador, Count de Casa-Flores,' whose functions • had
been declared suspended since the. entrance of the rebel
forces, and that this condescension of. her Royal High-
ness had been communicated to the Anibassador in an of-
ficial note, with the express conditini--that ,the Charge
d'Affaires appointed by the Regent of Portugal would be
received, and his Government formally recognized, (which
the reader may recollect had not taken place during the
mission of Count Villa Baal ;) and:tts a further condition,
the dispersion of Magesei's troOps;' which had re-entered
Spain, was exacted. This act may be regarded as a de-
cisive proof of the discretion which prevails in the British
and Portuguese Councils, as, •in the present state of
things, Spain had. certainly no right to expect that the
first step towards a reconciliation would be made by
Portugal.

The Lord Hobart packet has arrived with a
Jamaica. Mail.. She sailed from .Barbadoes on tke
12th October, from Jamaica on the 18th -November,
and from Crooked Island on the Ist December.

The following is from the Alkemeine Zeilung of
the 29th ult., received this morning, but wc have no
room for comment :

His Majesty's packet trig, Cygnet, has likewise
arrived with a Leeward Island Mail. She sailed from
Barbadoes on the 20th November, and from St.
Thomas's, on the sth December.

BOGOTA, SEPT. 21.

By the post from the South, which arrived the day before yes-
terday, letters, we understand, have been received from General
Bolivar, by the Vice-President, dated Aug. 1, announcing his in-
tention of leaving Lima about the end of that month. His depar-
ture had been delayed thus long in consequence of the discovery of
an extensive conspiracy, iu which several officers of high rank,
and two or three dignitaries of the church, were said to be impli-
cated. The particulars,•and the objects of the conspirators, we
have not as yet been able to ascertain.
From the anxiety with which all parties have looked forward
for the last two mouths for the coming of theillustrious individual

- - - -
TRA-NICFOILT, nEc. 2h.
In consequence of the complicated nature of the questions re-
lative to Pottugal, on the decision of which peace and war de-
pend, the fluctuations of the exchange of Vienna have lost much
of their former influence in our Stock Exchange, which a few
weeks ago was almost exclusively regulated by them. On the
contrary, our place being earlier informed of what passes at Lou-

whom they have chosen as the mediator and arbiter of their differ-
owes, we will venture to state that no intelligence will diffuse
more general satisfaction throughout the country, the inhabitants
of which will hail the presence of their Liberator again among
them, as that of one who, after having rescued them from the
galling yoke of slavery, now flies to protect them from what he
very justly considers to be 'egnally eniriousthe miseries of
anarchy.

SEPT. .98.-We have been favoured by a friend with (lie
following list of the persons implicated in the conspiracy spokeit
of in our last number :

General§ Mariann, :rectrechea, Alvarado; and Correa ; Colonels
Prieto, Vernandez, Nivavilga, Vidal, end Pitnadon ; Lieutenant-
Colonels Pcdernera, Urpide, Solis, and Allende ; Coin=
mandant of the Castle of the Sun ; Major Carrillo ; Captaiii4
Vallejo and Silva; the Canons Luna, Piaarro, and Requena ; Tor-
cada and Telleria, Ministers of the Court of Justice ; the .Rejidor
Espinosa, and the Mascateguis.
OCT. 1 9..—0 n Monday afternoon the 9th inst. an express ar-
rived in this city from the Intendant of Guayaquil, announcing
that communications had been received by him from the Secretary
of his Excellency the Liberator President, stating it to be his in-
tention to leave Lima for Guayaquil on the 25th of August. His
Excellency expected to reach the latter city about the end of the
month, and proposed remaining there, it is said, until the Bth of
September, when he would commence his journey to the capital
by way of Quito and Popayan.

The following is from Papers received at the North
and South Amelican Coffee-house :

rROCLANIATION OF HIS EXCELLENCY THE LIBERATOR ON Hll

ARM\ AL AT GIJAYQUIL.

CoLomniam—The tidings of your discord have reached my
ears even in the capital of Peru ; I have come to offer you the
olive branch—receive it as the onien of your salvation. Is Co-
lombia already without enemies? Are there no More Spaniards
in the world ? If we were even friendly with all the globe,
should we not remain submissive to the laws, and united by Ad
strength of our love.
Again I offer you my services--services of a brother; I wish
to forget who has been in error ; to remember only that you are
my brothers and companions. in arms ; I come to embrace and-
press you to my heart, in the bottom of that will be found equal
friendship for the inhabitants of Granada and Venezuela; they
are all members of the liberating army—all citizens of the great
Republic. In regard to your desertion, there is only one guilty
individual, and it, is I—for not coming in time. Two friendly
Republics, the offspring of our victories, have retarded my de-
parture, by overwhelming me with their gratitude and immortal
rewards, I offer myself as a victim to be sacrificed—let your More
be directed at me; they even will be welcomed, if they can,
assuage your resentment.
_

Colombians, I am now on the soil of your Commonwealth ; cease
your scandalous outrages and criminal disunion. Let there he no
more, either in Venezuela or Condinamares. We are all Colombians.
Death will spread itself •over your deserts, and destroy what has
been spared by anarchy.
The following communication, with the accompanying Decree
of the Colombian Government, were forwarded by Vice-Admiral
Halstead to his Honour the Mayor
His Majesty's ship Isis, Port Royal Harbour,
Jamaica, Nov. 6, 1826.
SlR—Colonel Campbell, his Majesty's Charge d'Affaires at
Bogota, having transmitted to me the inclosed translation of a
Decree of the Colombian Government, relative to the foreign trade
with the coasts Goagira, Darien, and Mosquitos ; I beg yen will
be pleased to make the same public in the usual manner, for.tbe
nformation of those interested.
I have the honour to be, Sir,
Your obedient humble servant,
L. W. HALS:T/iD, Vice-Admiral.

(Signed)

. _
Then follows a Decree of the Executive Government, dated
Bogota, Sept. 22, 1826, signed by Franc. de Paulo Santander,
Vice-President of the Republit,-,addressed to Jose Maria del Coe
tillo, Secretary of State for the Treasury Department, containing
li Articles, regulating the trade with the inhabitants of the coasts
of Goagira, Darien, and Mosquitos. . .
On Tuesday afterricon Col. O'Leary, Aide-de-Camp to his
Excellency the Liberator President, arrived in this city on his re- ,
turn from his Mission to the disaffected (Aids in Venezuela, the
result has of course not yet transpired, butfrom the abilities which
Col. O'Leary had displayed on former occasions of importance,
we have no doubt that the issue of his negotiations will corre-
spond with the hopes of success, which the friends of order have
anticipated. The intelligence of the disaffection of the troops is
confirmed, discontent with the new order of things prevails gene-
, activeffi cin ii inuf digti ii bringingetiti iii,?llh!dt pleasing
t:7:f tt
every
gene-
rally throughout the country, and nothing seems to be wanted but
the presence of our Liberator, to rescue affairs from that chaos in
which perhaps his absence has contributed to plunge them. All .
parties anxiously desire his return; and we fervently hope, that .
the object of our fondest wishes will not now be long withheld •
from us. •
containing the gratifying intelli-
gence,
The post from Caraccas arrived on the 2d instant, in the even-
ing,
bringing letters to
.the 26th August, and papers np to the
..
19th. Letters, however, of the- Ist September, from Caracas,
had been received- at Maracaibo,
event
tto4jooinut,panenersaevi Bereairmnotceezr.
that the Battelien ,of Apace, 1...01;184C% of SOO melt, wader
the command of Colonel .§rao,,a.cwalPanied by Colonel Mame,
edhaiattely their intentions were known
Commandant at Arena of the Province, who had been extremely
soldier left with four dollars
Colonel, it is said, had a present made him
The troops previous to that period had been upwards of thirty '
mules. These are facts which speak in-
controvertibly the opinion of the people on the present state of
things, and prove incontestably, that the real friends to Venezuela
who asserted here, that the majority of its inhabitants were
isdonoaf
2rm hiss,
o ultavcpoihto
pocket
~Tookulael
si
ir;:autabt iiodc11:11i,
subscribed,
the
ce
ilh
se
averse to the outrages which had been committed in their name,
ee ther, bestalt n
eun eina
this event.bad good grounds for doing so, and made no assertion for which
they had not
b
authority.
A general Order of the Day was published at Maracaybo on the
10th September,
Under date of the 20th August we hear from Panama that an
Envoy from Greece to the Liberator had arrived in that city to
offer him 200 vessels, the greater part well armed, and 4,000
sailors, and to request of him a grant of land in return, to be
occupied by the families who are about to emigrate, in conse-
quence of their recent ill snecess and the cruelties of the Turks.
The.behavieur of the Envoy is so perfectly moderate, and be de-
scribes
the distresses of his country so pathetically, that the
greatest interest has been excited in hie favour.
..

4060 TA, OCT. 5.

The Executive having authorised the Liberator President to make
the appointment of the person who is to command the Auxiliary
Army in Peru, in consequence of General Sucre being emplo3-ed
in the Government of Bolivia, his Excellency has appointed Gene-
ral of Division Jacinta Lara, to take the command.

(Prom the official part of the Gaeeta de Colombia.)
By the most recent dates of the Bogota El Constitutional, thit
public seem to be much incensed against the conduct of General
Paez, for his unconstitutional proceedings in Venezuela. The
chief motive for the measures he has taken, seems to be his
decided refusal to accede to the wishes of Government, in taking
off the export duties on several of the chief productions of Colom-
bia; and considerably reducing the import duties, thereby rendering
commerce free and open to all parties. But General Pan, in re-
fusing to obey the orders of the Supreme Authorities, has endea-
voured to exculpate himself by merely stating that in the present
situation of affairs, it would not be advisable to reduce the Re-
venue, when there was every reason to believe the expenditure and
contingencies of the State far exceeded the ineome. It is fnr-
ther'stated; that General Paez has by no means acted agreeably
to the wishes of his constituents, as clearly appears by the
leading. article of the El Constitutional of the 12th of Oda_
ber. He has, it is stated, been misled himself, and conseqtiently
misleading his partisans, and has got Liras& into a labyrinth
of difficulties, from which it will be impossible to extricate
be observed, duff
NG'eenneerznalelpa.aezßhyast,heinsamigereapatpmereasit mure,asyusaplsoendm
the
freedom
of
the press, for fear his manoeuvres and proceedings should be too
prohibits the circulation of
open the eyes of the people
oagnenfy:leanalieliuldlaoisTraPmnadminpoPattildittgoatunhtdatthstetegnfallllt:Ycies of his proceedings. The
state of that province stay be judged from these occurrences, and
it is to be lamented, that in the present critical juncture, there is
great measure unsecured. so much British capital afloat, he

A Supplement to the St. Thomas Paper, dated Satur-
day, 2d December, has reached town by the Jamaica Mail,
and announces :—" Important News ! Commencement of
Hostilities in Colombia! Defeat of General BERmuloz
by the Federal Party at Cumana !"

An arrival from Cumana, has brought important 'news from
that section of Colombia. A battle took place o❑ the 19th ult.
between the troops of General Bermudez and the militia, who

13edired for the federal system, in which the former were defeat-
ed, and General Bermudez obliged to fly to Barcelona.
We have been favoured by a respectable Mexican House with
an extract of a letter containing the following particulars:--
Extract of a letter from Cumana, dated Nov Q 5, 1896.

Ere this you will Probably have heard some bad reports about
this place; I will therefore inform you of what is going on, as
there have been many harsh things said of this place by Bermudez.
You are aware, by what I wrote you, that this city had called on
the Governor for a reform. To this General Bermudez declared
himself an avowed enemy, and called us a set of rebels, &c.
These sentiments, and the despotical manner in which he has, for
the last two years, governed, caused the provinces in general to
disacknowledge him as Commander-in-chief of the department,
hot in a rebellious manner, but by the formula of a civilized body
together, and declared their instructions respecting Bermudez, and
also their wish to adhere to the Caraccas system of a federal form
of Government. General Morazas, who commanded here, and
seconded by Colonel Montes, which latter had hitherto been at the
head of the popular commotions, got frightened, and abandoned
us, at the same time joining Bermudez, who had taken the battery
at the mouth of the river by some foul means ; the greater part
of the respectable inhabitants of the town fled ; some to Bermu-
dez, and others to the opposite coast, leaving only about half a
dozen mercantile characters here. The population wanted to
attack Bermudez the moment he landed, but the prudent councils
of a few of us, prevented the hostilities. One night the whole
force was marched out to attack, but, by the exertions of a few,
was prevented.

The insults and intrigues of Bermudez, however, aggravated
the people so much that there was co restraint on them, and on
the 19th, after offering to. surrender the battery to the Intendant,
Colonel Valerilla, it was discovered Bermudez was preparing to
attack, and had the second battery in his possession, which up to
that time had been occupied by either party. As preparations
for this ill result had been made, it was determined by the military
commander, Colonel Ruiz, to attack from the three batteries
thrown up during the two preceding nights. About twelve, a
tremendous fir-, was opened by two vessels of the opposite party,
which had I.r _a watching our movements, which was returned
with spirit, and in one hour they were silenced, and most of the
men killed. General Bermudez had only 400 men, half of whom
were with him from force, and a few of whom did actually join
our party. Repeated sallies were made from the battery, but they
were soon repulsed by the Militia.
" Our force consisted of 1,000 men, and the action lasted till
night, during which General Bermudez fled to Barcelona. Great
part of the armed force have retired to their homes, but are reedy
at a moment's notice, besides others from Campano, Re. At pre-
sent We are quiet,. and expecting General Marino from Caraccas.
The whole of the movements here have been directed by General
Paez at Caraceas."

The Vigilant ketch has arrived with despatches from
Lisbon ; but having sailed from the Tagus on the 24th,
two days prior to the sailing of the steam-boat, we learn
nothing new by her:

Extract of a letter from the Agents of Lloyd's, dated Coustan-
tmople, Nov. 30 :
The Consul-General has this moment issued the following

communication :

I think it proper to acvaint you, that the British Vice-Consul
at Sira writes me, under date of the 25th inst., that advices had
been received from Hydra of several large vessels having been pre-
pared to go out to cruise, without the consent of the Local Go-
vernment : among which vessels he specifies that of Captain
Zacca, carrying ISO men.
(Signed) JOHN CARTWRIGHT.

A. severe frost has set in which threatens to interrupt,
for some time, the pleasures of the chase. Shooting may
afford some compensation to a few, and a run up to Lon-
don, dull as it is as present, may relieve others of the
burthan of ennui; but on the whole a continued frost is a
severe afilictiOn to the lovers of hunting. It is then that
a turn for reading is appreciated by those sportsmen who
possess it, and that—

" Learning is most excellent."
To a person who reflects seriously on the high destinies of
man a life of.pleasure cannot appear one of wisdom, but,
Without intruding on the department of Divines, we may
venture to say that even to him who thinks that—

" Naught can compare"
" With the Huntsman's bold pleasure,"
It taste for reading is an invaluable possession. It
15 often his only resource, and, at other times it gives
zest to the manly and inspiring exercise of hunting.
When followed with moderation, and not to the neg-
lect of the imperative claims of society; when viewed
is. a recreation, and not as the business of life, it is truly a
241 s occupation, and one formed to give strength and
firmness to the character. Notwithstanding the abuse
often so, lavish]y end indiscriminately bestowed on fox-
hunting 'Squirts, we are confident that many men pas-
si°nately, nay, perhaps, improperly, fond of hunting, are
'Possessed of talents,and education, and vigour of mind, suf-
%eient to give them, If they chose, a high place in any as-
sembly in the world.

The re-appearance of that eminent actor, Mr. KEAN, at
Drury-lane Theatre, on Monday next, naturally recals our
attention to the present degraded state of the drama in
this country. This decay may be attributed rather to a
complication of causes than to any one predominating evil.
All our theatres are or have been for the most part in
Chancer • and men have been called upon to direct the
Nanagenient who know as little of dramatic affairs as the
Emperor of China about the Nortk West Passage. The
%queamisliness of the censorship has been complained of
b! managers as one cause—the insolence of managers, by
erainatic authors as another—the overweening vanity of
't.t°rs,t'ach in his own esteem the peerless hero of the scene—
has been very generally condemned by the public as an iii-
tolerable grievance,while the actors, lord and lady, have all
''greed on one point that the public 'have no taste in the
Natter, as their ingratitude has so clearly proved by their
absence on benefit nights. Thus we have conflicting opi-
nei as to the causes for the decay of the drama, but none
flt it* improvement. There can be no doubt that much
of this is attributable to actors themselves. No class of
People is more sensibly alive to public applause, and none
more jealous of rival merit. Ilan individual suddenly grows
hPcni the kind indulgence of the audience, his long subdued
nfl.
ity to the Manager bursts out into supercilious iin-
h
V"rte
I. Ist the discovery of his blushing honours, . so that
liatne,
might turn out a benefit to the spoiled child of for-
It" is
as a curse upon the establishment of which,
instead beconilng the worthy ornament, he dege-
nerates into the conceited " Marplot", whose arrogance is
nnly outdone by his folly. It matters not in what
of~ad the
„ drama this character exhibits—tragedy, co-
.le 37' i'ant°Tnime, opera, and farce—have each its phi-
get' hero or heroine, and the stars of the London stage,
ron._7o they have shone their hour of mimic grandeur in
thZ:rl, all start off, like eccentric comets, to communicat.e
are ,I.llAsndid jealousies to the country. But the public
or
r`ue greatest sufferers by this ridiculous insubordination
rbei*Prehensible vanity of actors. The stars stipulate that
fire: riames be inserted in the play-bills in letters of the
glocinagnitude, thereby conveying to the public, at a
with glances full measure of their fame. But, not content
the b hi
the upon paper, they must strut exclusively upon
oards,and, like the jealous Turk,—
The co Will bear no rival near their throne.
requirin consequence of this conduct is, that in a play
bager isg a constellation of first-rate actors, the ma-
ne, compelled to submit to the exhibition of only
ina-
ne,, 11131PPorted by underlings, who labour hard to do
qt.°Y that' but only labour the more effectually to de-
robbed
.5 illusion of the scene. Thus the manage!. is
'n his purse, and the public of the mental enjoy-

ment resulting from a combination of excellent actors,
illustrating the beauties of poetry by deep feeling, vir-
tuous sentiment, and heroic passion. We have more than
once conversed with some of these first stars, and inva-
riably found them individually extol those dramas most
which only allowed the display of their particular talent.
According to these, a tragedy must only have one cha-
racter prominently displayed ; the others are of no more
consequence to the scene than the buttons on the
hero's coat. But in Mr. CHARLES KEMBLE, we
must make an honourable exception to this invidious
assumption which centres all excellence in the display of
self. That Gentleman thinks that a drama which brings
most good actors into competition is the best—witness
Julius Caesar and his brother Romans ! It is only by com-
parison that greatness is apparent, and those actors who
feel conscious of their powers, will rather court than shrink
from rival competition. A stately oak, towering in solitary
magnificence, will bear no exaltation by comparison with
the humble shrubbery at its feet, neither will Mr. KEAN'S
mental superiority, by contrast with the ability of scene-
shifters. Why, then, is the public deprived of that rich
intellectual treat, which can be so readily afforded, by rival
talent meeting on the same boards ? As no actor can add
to his individual stature, why should he endeavour, by
forced means, to raise his mental height by seeking the
company of inferior players, but fearing to associate with
his equals Let us hope that a more enlarged spirit is
beginning to prevail, when every man will be content with
his own merits, without building a questionable fame upon
the reputation of others. The star system, like all other
monopolies founded on fraud and supported by trickery,
has ensured its own destruction, and nearly effected the
ruin of those establishments, whose managers forgot their
own interests, in sacrificing those of the public to indivi-
dual caprice and arrogant self-sufficiency.

The Financial Accounts for the Quarter and Year
ending to-day, will be made up at the Exchequer this
evening, and we trust we shall have the pleasure of laying
them before our readers in our Paper to-morrow. In
the absence of official information of the amount of
the Revenue in the last quarter, any estimate which
we may form of the total income for the year must be
uncertain ; but we may possibly come near the truth
by considering the probable difference in the amount
of some branches of the Revenue in the late quarter,
as compared with that of the last quarter of 1825.
The Customs and Excise having been considerably
depressed in the Christmas quarter of 1825, in conse-
quence of the comme:cial distress which then pre-
vailed ; and their amount having been raised during
the late quarter by the comparative improvement of
trade, by the admission of Foreign Corn on payment
of certain duties, and by the larger growth of Hops,
and other causes, we shall assume that the increase,
under these heads, has been, in round numbers, about
600,0001. in the quarter. From this increase we
reckon that we must abate a decrease on Taxes, Stamps,
&c., of at least 200,0001., leaving the estimated increase
in the quarter as compared with the corresponding
quarter of last year, somewhere about 400,000/. Sup-
posing this estimate to come near the actual amount
which the Revenue will prove to have been in the last
quarter, the total amount of the Public Revenue of
Great Britain for the year ending sth January, 1827,
will be 46,907,6761., as shown below:—

Quarter ending ath April 1826

sth July 12,000,227
10th Oct. 12,296,592

£34,126,587

Amount of corresponding Quarter ending sth
Jan., 1826
To which is to be added the estimated increase
on the late quarter of 400,000/.

£46,907,676

The amount of Revenue for the year ending sth
Jan., 1826, was
The estimated amount as above for the year ending
sth Jan., 1827

Estimated decrease

We must repeat that in the absence of positive infor-
mation, our estimate may not prove' accurate, but we
have reason to believe that it will not be very wide
from the actual amount. We shall rejoice, however,
if we should-be enabled to-morrow to chew that the
actual diminution of Revenue in the year has been
much less than our calculations have supposed it will
prove to be. _ _

Reports state, that the question who shall be th e
future Commander-in-Chief, occupies at this moment
the attention of the Cabinet, and has given rise already
to serious differences of opinion. While the propriety
of the appointment to this high Office of the Duke
Of CAMBRIDGE, is strongly urged on one part, the
claim of the Duke of WELLINGTON to it, on the
ground of his being the Senior Field Marshal, is sup-
ported powerfully on another. This delicate sub-
ject, we have reason to believe, will be discussed at
Brighton,
