IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MAiteH 5.

The House met this day at five o'clock, and ad-
journed until to-morrow, without transacting any
public business.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MARcif 5.

The SPEAKER. took the Chair, this day, at the usual
hear.

Mr. Crafer from the Treasury, brought up the annual
account of the charge of the Public Debt. -
Lord STANLEY presented a petition from the licensed
victuallers of Royston, complaining of the improper practice
of retailing beer without license.
Mr. BASTARD presented a petition from Chiselwicl:,
Devon, for the repeal of the Malt Laws.
Sir JOHN PAULETT presented a similar petition
Irom the miltsters of Worcester.
The Marquis of CHANDOS presented a petition from
Newport, praying for some alteration in the Poor Laws.
Lord F. OSBORNE presented a petition front Cam- ,
bridge, for the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts.
Hie Lordship also presented a petition from the Maltsters
of Cambridge, against the Malt Act.
Mr. LAMB brought up a Bill for the Consolidation of
the Laws relating to Juries and Jurors in Ireland. lie
hoped that the Bill would be allowed to go into a Committee,
as it was a measure of great necessity.
After a few words from Mr. GRATTAN,
Mr. HUME said that the abuses of the Jury system in
Ireland were enormous. He considered that the severity
of the sentence passed on Mr. Eneas 3PDonnel, was dis-
creditable to the administration of Justice in Ireland.
Mr. LAMB said the character of the Judges of the
Court of King's Bench in Ireland was a sufficieut secu-
rity for the due administration of Justice.
The Bill was then read a first and second time, and
committed.
The House then resumed, and the report was ordered
to he taken into consideration this day se'nnight.
Mr. TOMLINE presented a petition from the growers
of Wool in and near Spilsbury against the importation of
foreign Wool.—Ordered to lie on the table.
31r. FERGUSSON presented a petition from the Malt-
sters of Kirkcudbright, for the repeal of the Malt Act.
Mr. R. PALMER moved for a return of the amount of
Land Tax Redeemed in 1825.—Ordered.
Mr. JOHN WOOD presented a petition from Preston,
&r the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts.
Mr. H. GRATTAN presented a pe ,tion from a pa-
riah in the enunty of Wicklow, for the r peal of the laws
that disqualhy on account of religious o iniuns.
Mr. C. PALLMER moved for an nanunt of the quan-
tity of Sugar and Rum imported into Great Britain and
Ireland during the year 1827, distinguishing the Colonies
from whence they were imported. Also, an Account of
the quantity of Rum and Sugar exported from Great Bri-
tain and Ireland within the same period.—Ordered.
Mr. C. PALLMER also moved for returns of the quan-
tity of Coffee imported and exported within the year 1827.
Ordered.
Mr. MONCK moved for a return of Corporations im
Ireland ; and also of the quantity of Coals imported into
Ireland from England and Scotland during the last year.
COLONIA!. SLAVERY.

Mr. DENISON presented a petition from the Surrey
Anti-Slavery Society, which was most numerously signed.
It was four years since Mr. Ginning had brought forward
his resolutions relative to the state of slavery in the Colonies,
and nothing had since been done to carry them into effect.
He was anxious, if any of his Majesty's Ministers had been
present, to have asked them whether it was their intention
to have left the settlement of this great question altogether
to the Colonial Secretary, or whether they intended raking
it into their own hands. If the Colonies were still deter-
mined to oppose the wishes of the country relative to the
mreelnal abolition ofslavery, they had a remedy in their hands
and a short one, namely, byimposing a duty upon ell sugars
imported from the Colonies. Such a temporary measure
would, be thought, compel the Colonists to agree to the
manumission of the slaves.
Lord F. GOWER stated, that in the absence of Lie
Right Hon. Friend (Mr. Huskisson) he was unable to
give any satisfaction to the Honourable Gentleman,
-upon the subject ; but to-morrow night a ques-
tion would come before the House, which would
secure the attendance of his Right Hon. Friend, whose
absence he regretted, though he still more regretted that
the lion. Gentleman had not postponed his question until
be was present.
Mr. VERNAL said that he was as anxious as the Hon.
Member cemeld be, and, indeed, he only expressed the
willies of other, who were, like himself, proprietors, when
he. states!, that they would be most happy to ascertain
what were the views and intentiens of his Majesty's
Government as to the Colonies. Whether they were to be
treated as if they formed a part of the Empire, like Ireland,
or whether they were to he considered as isolated from the
protection of this country. It was high time that this
Important question should be set at rest, and that it should
be decided whether the link and tie between those Colonies
and the Mother Country was to be broken. He hoped
they were no longer to be exposed to those covert at.
tacks which bad en often been made upon then, ;
but that the same protection as heretofore, would he ex-
tended towards them. The Hon. Member had said, that
the remedy was with this country, and that they ought to
bring the Colonial Legislature to their senate. Now, if
svetem were adopted at that propoesid, it would de-
!llat its own object. If greater duties were laid co, would
;t not cause inaportadon from the Brazils and front time
French Colonies? He would take leave to say, that the
Hon. Member was ignorant of the subject, for he (Mr. B.)
eves credibly informed that the trade was actively carried
on upon the coast of Africa at the present moment ;
and he was further informed that it was covered by the
Frenth flag. He would take the liberty of stating, that
such societies as that of the Surrey Anti-Slavery So-
eety, from which the present petition emanated, did no
`god in the eauee in which they were embarked. They
eaused great irritation, and be could not help stating that
the language and the tooe which was systematically e'ed
was the most unfortunate that eoem/d have been adopted.
Sir ALEXANDER GRANT said he could assure the
Hon. Member that no greater favour could he done to the
West j India Prop: letore at large than the annihiiation of
the Slave Trade, and the *House and the public at large
could not too decidedly draw the distinction between
the slave trade arse! slavery. He could tenure the House
that many of the mlisadvantagee under whielm the West
India proprietors laboured, were owing to the continuance

.c,f the .9fave trade. With regard to other question,
the anleiloration of the condition of the slave, he might
venture to Gay, without fear of contraifletion, that tho

tmenimous iee4ing, which pervades all the resident and
anti-resident West Jodia proprietors, was to aid by all the
means in their power tine exertions of that House and of
the Government to ameiiorata the condition of the slave.
But he must be allowed at the was time to observe, that
the means pursued by some persona who professed their
object to be the improvement of the conditiOn of the slave,
were calculated to pf,lduce irritation in the minds of
the Colonists, and to prevant Oast cordial concurrence
whieit they would otherwise be ciieposed to yield to mea-
sures of that kind.
Sir P. WILSON said, if the Hon. Aiember Meant to
say tit those who called upon his Majesty's Government
to carry jot* effect the resolutions of that House, to put u
stop to floggiNt at the ezprive of the owner, or the driver,
and to encouretie
„pita,' of compulsory manumis-
sion, were persona ;:'hose efforts likely to pro.
duce irritation and tachief, he confesit,,.l
to he one of those persons, one who was ready to do
all in his power to support the Government in bringing
the system of compulsory manumission :o a successful
anti in preventing the resiiipmt proprietors foal con•
tinum_g practices which were a disgrace not only to this
country hut to mankind.

Upon the question that the petitu na be brought up, being
put,
Mr. HI-ME took that opportunity pressing. upon
the Government the equalization of the upon Last
India and West India Sugars. notto anytltinkm,
goof could be done by holding out threats
India Proprietors, and be therefore suggested tl the
West
the equaliza-
tion of those duties in the firm conviction that
lization would not be injurious to West India Proprietor-,cu,el 4r--
for the consequences of that measure would
211 be that
the 'West India Proprietors would have their ci •
fairly considered in that House without having the claims
n
(iiffer-
slice in the duty on Sugars brought in opposition to those
claims. When he said this he did not wish it to be un_
dcrstotol that he wished an equalisation of duties to taLe
place without, at the same time, takiug into consideration
the disadvantages under which the West India body la.
toured, by being restricted for their supplies to impurta-

bons from England
Mr. WARBURTON said it appeared to him that there
was one remedy for abolishing the Slave Trad.e which had
been overlooked by the Government, and which he thought
ought to be tried ; namely, that some facilities in the shape
of diligence of duty ought to he given to the Colonists or
foreign powers who did not sanction the Slave Trade.
Mr. DENISO7,;,. thought, that if the Colonial AsArn-
blies set themselves in opposition to the wishes of that
House and the country upon the subject of slavery, they
might be brought to reason by that House passing a tempo-
racy Bill, imposing a small duty upon those refractory
