THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
We have only two foreign arrivals of mails this morning, the
French and Ostend, but no ship letters.
The Barbadoes papers state that the House of Assembly
of that colony, on the 3d of May, agreed to the following re-
ply to a message from his Excellency the Governor, respecting
the transfer of the power of punishing slaves from the master
to the magisterial body :
" The House of Assembly respectfully beg leave to acknow-
ledge the receipt of his Excellency's message, to the 9th inst.,
submitted to the Hague, suggesting that as the act for the
abolition of slavery would come into full operation on the Ist
of August, it would be extremely desirable if the legislature
would immediately pass a short bill, abrogating the power of
inflicting punishment on slaves by owners and others, and
transferring that power to the magistrates of towns and
parishes.
" In reply to which the house begged to inform his Excellency,
that as no slave act empowers owners to prefer complaints to
magistrates against their slaves for misconduct, instead of ex-
ercising their own authority, the house had reason to hope
that recourse will be had to such authority in all flagrant cases ;
but as a general measure, the house conceives that it would
not be practicable unless the magistrates of the island were
placed on a different footing, by being remunerated with sa-
laries instead of fees, a change much to be desired, but which
the advanced state of the;session prevents their entering upon."
Consols opened at the price they left off-921 4 for the ac-
count, little doing. Spanish 49+ 1. Portuguese Stock B'2
83.

We understand the Portuguese Government is going to sell
to our Government Goa and Macao, by which means they
will replenish themselves with money.
Admiral Napier leaves London for Portsmouth on Saturday,
to be present at a grand dinner to be given to him, after
which he will return to London, when another grand enter-
tainment will be given him, with a superb piece of plate.
Spanish Stock 49i 4; Spanish comes from Holland 37i.

HALF-PAST ONE.
To the present time we have no fresh arrivals, consequently
nothing political to communicate.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Stock has been in a kind of
perpetual motion during the whole of the morning, fluctuating
from 491 down to 49A- +, up again to 49} ft, at which price
they are at present. Portuguese Stock- 82ft has been
done at 84. Consols continue inactive, and may be quoted
during the whole of the morning at 92 ft for the Account ;
they are scarce thought of.
THREE 0' CLO or.
Consols for the Account, 93L;

The London and Southampton Railway Bill having
passed the Committee of the Lords, the report was brought
up yesterday by the Chairman, the Earl of Radnor, and is ex-
pected to be read a third time this day.
The victim in the fatal duel we mentioned on Sa-
turday was M. May, editor of the Journal des Chevaux et des
Chasses, and author of an esteemed work on Russia. Ho
leaves an aged mother and a son whom he supported by his
pen.—Paris Paper.
