ST. LEONARD'S ON-SEA.

Lord and Lady Louth are among our recent arrivals.
His Lordship will enter one of his horses to run at our
races, which take place on the 25'h and 26th inst. Lord
Thynne will also run one of his stud.
Leut.-General Sir John and Lady Hamilton are among
our arrivals• Lord and Lady Edward Thynne are ex-
pected shortly.
Sir Bethel and Lady Colrington, Lord Northwiek,
Lady A!exarm!er, Lady Cope, Cutintvss de Mont..lernberr,
General Montresor, Admiral and Mrs. Lawfin-d, Sir
James Sleawe, and a host of fashionables, have honoured
us with their presence lately.

COLONIAL SLAVERY.

(From the Antigua Herald of July 20.)

Never in our short editorial career has it been our I:t
to feel or to communicate anything so truly gratifying,—
anything that we ate sure will be responded to with such
heartfelt satisfaction by all classes in this community, free
and slave, white and black,—as the couttnunicatton of
Mr. Stanley, the Secretary for th? Colonies. It must
remembered that the measures already adopted are only
preparatory ; hut none can doubt that in due time, and
that as short as the necessary forms of Parliament will
permit, all that is requisite will be 'embodied in a law, or
laws, to effectuate the noble ends which every right-think.
hag man will do his utmost to bring to a prosperous issue.
Those ends are a simultaneous flartial compen-atian of the
in aster, and the aiaoli•ion of slavery.-20,000,000/.
sterling will b✓ granted for the former purpose, and
.eela regulations adopted to render the latter safe as
may prevent the possibility of all avoidable einfiaing.
We refer to the resolutions of the House of C terminus
of the 12th of Jute. One only point gives a shadow of
I ii,Natioacti,.n, that is the apprentiee-hips; we have
conversed pretty generally on the subject, and can say,
without he.ita,ion, that masters in this island, at least,
think that the freedom had better be eariy, sim-
ple, and unrestricted, and fell convinced that everything
will soon find its own level. Abolitionists and West In-
dians in England express themselves similarly, and we
have no doubt that, when matters are pet fecteit, this part
will be le t to he modified in the manner each island may
think best. Mr. Stanley h3s proudly redeemed his el rim
,o be considered an honest and able statesman ; tt r, am ,ng
all the good that is piontised, our constitutional privileges
are• mat only uninjured, but confirmed. We forbear from
further remark for the present, and she!' defer until our
next number any analysis of the other infermaton brought
by the packet, ctosing our present artiete %vita a fervent
entreaty to all partes to do every thing in their power to
tranquillize the excitement, and gratify the curiosity,
which, doubtless, will exist, by mild and simple explana-
t ons ; merely adding that the measures of Government
meat with the hearty concurrence t,f the West India body
in London. The dividends (i. e. the interest) ortahe new
loan will, it is supposed, be provided fur by a duty of 3s.
per cwt. on sugar; and Id. per pound on coffee, if any
Additional taxation be necessary.
An account of the intended- apportionment of compen-
sation we hope to give i• our next niunber—that is to
say, the mode in which it is reported and believed that
the Parliamentary grant will be divided among the slave
proprietors.

STATUE OF JAMES 11.—The fine bronze
•tatue of JAMES 11., behind Whitehall, requires to be at-
tended to without delay, as it is in a bad condition, the
metal being milieweif, and will corrode if longer ne-
hlected. This statue, for execution, symmetry, the
.orroitful expression of countenance ..nil light 'mod rx-.
quisite folding dripay of the mantle, has seldom teen
:quailed and never surpassed. This attaloignfelatahhnl,ediw)udtl,iire,ki: of
:
at attracted the particulut notice of Ca.nor, when he
re
ffsawetine,innitelet;:ei
d.idemeenisinv,ftitsaantinihpuh:tsidiutui
aeoseeabpdibsr.ic:ii.d.oeictnenifunifitenbrrij.cinttii
:ie:tri2oemayyrrjni
attitude
jttsfaeotel:hivitcwi
eteitutonceedlodtzieeyocvewdreewoecaudfluirr:btitscrtheitoe teaehogrableo,h tonitaa,haffi
noriteot.hofiuhi
nut:eluirettro.mihe,rti
io.rtreeeroil
reat:.ls
ntaittrtp.,Thieuilosehol,cytbot:t, doomedlvtit::auti
)4tittleidenoll
led;
„on the public view.
