NAVAL NEWS.

DEAL, MARCH 3O.—Arrived h's Majesty's ships
Fi4nord and Regulus, with the Ehpbrates.,:tionarclt,
and Northampton East Indian:en from Portsmouth.

Sailed his Majesty's ships Aymphen and Calliope
on a cruize off Flushing.

Arrived the Swan cutter with a convoy from Ply-
mouth, which are sailed for different destinations.

Came down from the R;ver; die Simon, Taylor,
for J.tunaica ; Loyal Briton, for Gibraltar ; Synme-
try; for Lisbon; and the Thomas, for the Cafe of
Good Hope.

PORTSMOUTH, MARCH 30.—Arrived yesterday
his Majesty's ship Tyrian'hom Weymouth.
Came into harbour the Cadmus, Christian VII.
and By

Arrived to day his Majesty's ships Porl Mahon,
lkarrior, Swift, and Cressy, from a ernize.- The
Inrrior and Swift are from Plymouth, with a

con v oy. .

FALMOUTH, MARCH 28.—Artived his Mijesty's
ship Latona, with a convoy of 15 sail tit transports,
&c. which sailed on the 25th from Portsmouth for
Lisbon, put in here by contrary winds.
The Duke of Kent packet has gone into the Roads.

GUERNSEY, MARCH 28.—Arrived' his Majesty's
brig Persian, with a French lugger, of 16 guns, and
45 men, taken off the Seven Islands, belonging to
Dieppe.

TORBAY, MARCH 29.--ArriVed his Majesty's
ships rengeur, Hannibal, and Fcwn.

The ships bound to Newfoundland sailed yester-
day for Plymouth, to join convoy, but were forced
back by contrary winds. They arc now about to
sail for Tor Roads.

NAVAL .APPOINTMENTS.—LietIt. W. P. Wade to
to the Stirling Castle, at Chatham ; Lient it. Paine to the
Erebus sloop ; Lieut. P. Westpliall to the fittion frigate,
at Portsmouth ; Lieut. F. Ormond to the Didator. at
Sheerness ; john Eveleigh to the Chatham ; Lieut.
Charles Fraser to the Marlborough ; Lieut. F. Goodench to
the Atixon ; Lieut. E. Howley to the Argo frigate ; Capt.
Wm. Ferrie- to the Gannet sloop, at P•artsinouth ; Capt.
David Dunn, late of the Bacchante, to the Mermaid, at
Portsmouth ; Lieut. 1. Jekyll, tOr his ingenious invention
of a ship's pump and fire-engine, to the rank of Commander.

A French Officer, who is arrived in the Nynden,
'represents NisamoNT's army to be greatly distressed
.for provisions and forage for their horses. He had
not long been in Spain ,when,he wai taken .prisoner,
having been employed to conduct four hundred
horses from Bourdeaux to Salamanca ; he, however,
lost the greater part of them, trorndisease, bad teed,
and the constant attack of the-guerilla parties. He
says, that MAssriNA has been disgraced and irripri.;
.soned by BUONAPARTE ; who charges him with
having been actuated inure in the object of obtain-
ing plunthr, than in the opera ion of the campaign.
Nineteen waggon . loads ot. treasure, which he had
sent to P4ris, BUONAPARTE. has seized. The evident
intention of most of the French Generals in Spain
is to. enrich thetmelkes, and then find a pretext for
retiring from the army,

EXTRACT OF
,A LETTER FROM AN OFFICER OF THE
FIRST DIVISION, DATED ABRANTES, MARCH 7.

" write you this a few hours, before our depAr-
tore. We'are ordered to Badajoz, and we are all in
expectation. Things will not go on quite so easy as
at Ciudad Rodrigo. In the North of Portugal, and
that part of Spain which borders to it, little or no-
thing is to be apprehended from the enemy.--Our
division will be followed .by two o!herS.—Ciudad
Rodrigo, after being well fortified, will be delivered to
the Spanish Guerilla Corps (which by 'the bye is as
well disciplined now as regulars) under the command
of Don Carlos de Eliagne, cousin of t he great anmana,
atußunting to 5000 men.,--Uor fight troops, on'their
march. towards Salamanca, made prtsonets seve-
ral Fteoch ()dicers, amongst ,whom were some de-'
sorters. General H li, with about i 2, or 14,060
men, is in the neighnourhood of Badajoz, which
he is blockading. With hire are_ also the Portu-
guese, under Marshal Beresford, who prove them-
selves brave soldiers. The country is most Mere-
dibly .ruined by the. enemy, and where the 'French
have not been, the'indolence :IA want of industry
in the natives almost show the same effects. Pro vi-
visions are exttemely dear, particularly on the Spanish
frontiers, as a pound 'of barley bread (tor there is
no other to be .had) costs one shilling, and fo-
rage is so Scarce,. that, trot vv ithstanding the high
price of barley bread, they were often obliged to di-
vide the bread with their hors s, Ot our mode of
living yotEcaunot possilq form an ideal but, suf-
fice it to say, that our great ',old WHLLINGTuN
is COlliiide(6bly. .worse off l‘ir 'coin tut t ihatt a
,porter in your City. The wor;hy General is
very severe in the army, hut most highly and
unexceptionably Moved. You must have latter-
ly known, that he was ctexed Duke of Ciu-
dad Rodrigo. He is now in Lisbon, and will be
here to-morrow. It will be satisf +dory for you to
learn, as it is for me to relate, that the Medical
OfficerS have bad little or nothing to do of late.—
The French prisoners that are with us deserters from
B tdajoz, have been bettiog amongst themselves to
to I that we would take Badjoz. I hope toy (text
to you will be dated from thence.

"The different letters received by the Lisbon Mail
slate, that the Medical Officers have received Orders
to proceed without delay to El.vas."
EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM ALICANT) FEB. 21.
" Admiral Holloway is just arrived here in the
Malta, to take the command of a squadron destined
for the protetlion of the coast. The Invincible, and
some other smaller vessels, are already arrived.—
Yestefday; by some accident • or other, a powder
magazine blew up, and 14 peso !s lost their lives ;
among the number is the Lady of Colonel Brett.—
The French occupy the whole line of the C 034 from
Villajoyou tQ Peritscola,"

SPJNISII PdPEAS.

CADIZ, MARCH 1-s.—Tfie following Circular flag
been addressed by the New Regency to the People
of Spanish. America :

" The war in which Slain is engaged for the
preservation of its religion, its honour, property, and
liberty, is the most just defence against' aggression
ever made -by any nation ; and its maintenance to
the last extremity is a sacred duty which never can
be renounced but to the eternal disgrace of the Spa-
nish name. It was reservd for the modern Attila
greatly to surpass-the ancient in fraud, in ferocity,
in a calculating cruelty, and in the infernal art of
communicating Ins own perfidy and passions to his
Marshals, Generals, and all the other Satenitt, of hig
refined tyranny. He has lighted up war throngl,nut
the whole Continent, laid it iste,, and impoverish.
el it ; wishing to restore the barbarism of.the dark
ages, that his iron-sceptre may thus be left confirm- -
ed. During four years the Spaniards have destroct:d
a succes,ion of his armies. By their heroic con-
stancy arid invincible patience, they have intln2rta
opposed a barrier to the interminable projects of a
miscreant who wishes to subjeel the world to his
yoke Spaniards, in tine, support the-hopes, •
and fix upon themselves the eyes, of all civilised na-
tion.. Tire Ainei.icans, assisting their biethroi of
the mother country, parjicipate in the glory
_of the
latter; and mutoally embracing each Other, will ogre
day shed :ears of joy,.and receive the praises and be-
nedititons of the universe.

" The General and Extraordinary Cortes, after
giving tO the Spaniards of bAll hemispheres, a con-
stitution which will produce the happiness of all,
have appointed a government, whose objedit is not,
only to give effeCt to the C,.nstitui ion, but to raise
resources (or supporting the glorious effort to expel
~an implacable enemy from the Peninsula, which he
wishes to subjugate; and should he attain t hat ob-
jeel, he will employ all the arms in Europe in con- ..
struaing squadrons that may carry terror, slavery,
and death to the Americans. The Regenty confides
in the patriot ism of the American Spaniards, and doubts
not that they will make every possible sacrifice in aid
of their European brethren, who sutler every kind
of privation, and are prod-grl of their blood and
their lives in the glorious coitrest.
" It is hoped, therefore, that the Reverend Arch-
bishops, the Bishops, and Ecclesiastical Chapters,
will spontaneously subscribe whatever they mean,.
to appropriate fort fiat object during the continuance
of the war ; that the Tribunals anti Pubic Otfic, s'.
do the same; and that in all cities towns, and ••
lages,:subscriptions be opened, that all who - wish
to give any sum, however small,- towards so just
and pious an ohje&, may have an opportunity Of
contributing :—the whole to be deposited in the'
Royal chests, for remittance to Spain, under the,
word of -honour and assurance of the G!,vernments
that it shall be wholly devoted to the mantenanco,
of the armies.'

(Sigotql) IGNACIO DE LA PCZUELA-

We are assured tlrtt Victor h_ns get ow for Franc,
with a numerous escort of infantry and catalgy, and,
that Gazan has succed:-.d him in the oorntnaod of
the first corps of the Frei], h army.
-The Corte, have lately puhlishe,3 a d'ecre' eria-
Wing all Spanish subjeet9, cifNloorisb origin, either.
by the fathcr's or moqier's side, to take det;reei i!1
the Universities, and ,o enter the, religi..tls orders"
or the priesthood, -provided they are rossrssed, cf.
the °thee requisites.

The letters received by the Cadiz Mail- stbte, t'lnt
a total change has taken place in the Administkatioti
of the several departments, and Ministers ad inte•
rim have been appointed. The Minister ad interiftt
of State •is Don Joseph Pizarro ; and Barciaxi, and
Azata, the former Minister of State, has been ap-.
pointed Minister near the Regency of Port,gal, 10
reside at Lisbon. In the room of Dun Jose Cana
Arguelles, late Minister of the Treasury, and now
Counsellor of the Indies, has been appointed Doty
Antonio Rauz Romani:los.
•
Don Jose Carvajal has been nominated to e
office of Minister of War ; id his pre.lecessor, Do r 0
Jose Heredia, has been appointed Captain-Genet-4
of Oid Castile.
The Duke DEL iNFANTADO, on receiving Vl‘ CI pf
of the letter addressed by the PRINCE REGENT 10
the Duke of YORK, considered it proper to torwar
m w
to Cadiz a docu
ent, hich assured to the Spanisiv
people the continuation in this country of that syi-
tem of Government, by which the cause of the rd-
niniu la has hitherto ben supported, and to ‘vlncls
all patrio is Spaniards look for effeatual succour, iii
their struggle for independence. •

- following is a c•anslation 'of the dispatch
which accompanied this important cointnunicia-
tion

"My beloved Fellow Countrymen,—lf the N.--
roic courage w ith which you devote yourselves to
the defence of the countrv—thd constancy with
which you per:et ere • in that noble determination,
and the admirable resignation with which you :O
mit to the immense sacrifices which muit be made
in. so great a cause, can yet be cartied further, of
con derive new energy from the impube of enemy.
raging words, none are more proper • for that ltt r-
poEe than those which I now transmit to you; and
which have emanated from the magnanimous heart
of the Cnkf of Gr,-tit Britain.
On my depirrure, covered with honours, from
the bosom of a trendly nation, Iliesewords aflbrd the
the delight 'ul consol4tion-of conveying to my Coon-
,tty the nest security for the assistance we miy• want,
wiri::ll is thus given by a generous Prince, whO is
proud to establisp his glory, by direzting his foot-
steps in the brilliant path traced out for hith. by his
august father. In speaking of the, interests of iris.
own Empire, he has not forgotten those of unfortu-
nate Spain. Ilis'enernies are our enemies : and thetriumph to which he invites his.subjeds is the same
which is destined to render your achievements illus-
trious, by restoring - our unhappy Monarch to the;
•
Throne of his ancestors.

" May it please Heaven;„o constant and warlike
People of Spain,,that this new confirmation of pr -
tett ion may sere to give more strength to 't he 'union
of the two countries—fresh spirit to those dishearten-
ed by past disasters—more vigour to the brave—and
the laat mortification to the vanity of the Despot
who has presumed to enslave us.
" EL Dtrcr.zuE DEL,INFANTADO,"

" London, Fcb,
