Saturday night, states most positively that there was not a
spark of fire in the building except such as was below, and
was attended to by the watchmen. There are, moreover, some
circumstances which we are not now at liberty to divulge,
which tend to strengthen the general opinion that the fire was
the work of an incendiary.
The heaviest loser by this disastrous fire is Mr. Dinneford,
who owned the wardrobe and the other stage properties, upon
which there was no insurance
The most lamentable occurrence we have yet to record.
During the burning of the theatre, the interior of which blazed
like a volcano at the moment of an eruption, sending the burn-
ing cinders in every direction, one of the embers unfortunately
fell through a broken pane of a skylight ii a club stable, No.
49, Christie-street, setting it instantly on fire, and burning to
death a black man named Thomas, who slept in the loft, be-
fore he could be extricated.
LOWER CANADA.—Lord Gosford did not leave Quebec on
the 13th, as he intended, having met with an accident by a
fall, as he was in the act of stepping into his carriage. The
installation of Sir John Colborne as his successor was post-
poned in consequence.
The Lady of Sir Francis Head and daughter, Mrs. General
Dalrymple, sister to Sir Francis, and servants, go out to-mor-
row in the ship IVellinytcn, for London.
We regret very much to learn that Lady Head was treated
with rudeness at Rochester, on her way to Albany, and that
the incivility to which she was exposed was carried to such a
length as to cause serious alarm to herself and family.
Sir Francis Head, whose purpose it was to come to New
York from Canada, via Lexington, has been advised that ar-
rangements have been made on that frontier to annoy him by
arrest, on an indictment. The Baronet will of course save
those officious people an opportunity of any such public
exhibition of their folly.—New York Commercial Advertiser,
Feb. 19.

It is almost a superfluous task to recommend to the at
tention of the public, the speeches delivered at the
splendid meeting held yesterday, and continued by
adjournment this day, at Exeter Hall. We are
well persuaded that these speeches will be read with
intense interest by every friend of freedom, justice, and
mercy. Can the holiest of causes, advocated by the elo-
quence of a BROUGHAM and an O'CONNELL, fail to excite
the sympathies of a christian people ? And shall these sym-
pathies extend no farther than to a baren admiration of the
great powers displayed by these orators? We trust not.
The enemies of slavery, in the metropolis, have, we trust,
kindled a flame in the metropolis which will spread to the
uttermost corner of the land, and never be extinguished
until it has extinguished the evil that gave it birth. Let
the noble example of London, then, be followed throughout
the country. Let meetings be held in all quarters, and
petitions sent up to Parliament, praying for the in-
stant termination of Colonial Slavery—for that is the only
word that can truly describe the actual state of the co-
loured population in our West India colonies ; and we may
rest assured that Parliament will not turn a deaf ear to a
national remonstrance on such a subject. We have stated al-
ready that we have not a particle of faith in any remedy short
of immediate and complete emancipation which the legisla-
ture can deise, and this conviction has been forced upon us
by the strongest of all evidence, the experience of the past—
the course which the planters have pursued since the ap-
prenticeship, as it is in mockery called, commenced.
Could law, justice, honour, or good faith have bound the
planters, should we have had to complain that after the
payment of twenty millions for the emancipation of the
slaves—in spite of every precaution that the British Parliament
could take—in defiance of every exertion which justice and
humanity aided by all the power lodged in the Supreme
Governor could make in the person of Lord SLlGO—the
horrors of slavery in Jamaica now, in the fourth year of ap-
prenticeship, so far from being put an end to, are, except in
one particular point, greatly aggravated. After this, let us
not talk about the rights of the Planters. They have
broken faith with. us. They have swindled us out of 20
millions ; and, to crown all, the value of their estates
has been greatly increased by the passing of the Aboli-
tion Act.
