WYLD'S ATLASES.

YLD'S GENERAL ATLAS, containing 58
Maps of the various parts of the World, including all the
recent discoveries, colombier folio, full coloured, and half-bound
russia, 101. 10s. This is the largest and best Atlas published,
A GENERAL ATLAS, selected from the preceding, contain-
ing 30 Maps, full coloured, and half-bound calf, 6/. 6s.
WYLD'S ATLAS of the WORLD, comprehending separate
Maps of its various Countries, constructed and drawn from the
latest astronomical and geographical observations, imperial 4t0.,
coloured and half bound, 2/. 12s. 6d.
WYLD'S SCHOOL ATLAS, Bvo., 12s. The above Atlases
contain all the recent discoveries.

Published by James Wyld, Geographer to the Queen, Charing-
cross, East, and at 210, Regent-street.

CIHUR CH It EFORM.
The God of our Lord Jesus Christ," v. The God Trinity.
In a Monarchy, Fashion is every thing, on every subject. Now
the theology of Athanasius happens to be the fashionable theology in
our own, and that of Christ, of course, vulgar. We do most sincerely
say, that there is no getting over this objection on the part of the
Aristocracy of th:s country. The Opera Box and the Pew at the
Church or Chapel of the Establishment must go together. It is
for the State to determine the Creed ; the rest follows. Our busi-
ness is only with the Canaille ; and henceforth as hitherto to the
Canaille we turn ; it is not the rich or noble with whom we
would expostulate : will ye also go away from the feet of Christ Jesus?
It is not the rich or noble we would remind, that whoso shall be
ashamed of " the words" of the Son of Man, of him also will the
Son of Man be ashamed, in a day of judgment.

This day was published, by T. HILL, Medical Bookseller, Great
Windmill-street, Haymarket, price 2s. 6d.
APRACTICAL ESSAY on the DEBILI-
TIES of the GENERATIVE SYSTEM, THEIR
VARIETIES, CAUSES, TREATMENT, and CURE.
By a MEMBER of the ROYAL COLLEGE of SURGEONS,
LONDON ; and
SURGEON to a METROPOLITAN INFIRMARY.
Sold by Simpkin and Marshall, Stationers'-court ; Onwhyn, Ca-
therine-street, Strand; Templeman, 248, Regent-street; Chap
19, Cornhill 1, and all Booksellers in Town or Country.

The Farm Buildings are numerous and convenient, and with the
farm-house, are in good repair.
The whole of the Land is tithe free, and is of superior quality ;
the quantity is 161 a. 2 r., exclusive of a recent purchase of about
11 acres, which may be had if required.
The land surrounds the Mansion, and the Estate presents an
elegant and appropriate residence for a gentleman of fortune.
For further particulars, and to treat by private contract, apply to
me,srs. Henry and Arthur Palmer, Solicitors, Bristol • Messrs.
Clarke and Meilcalf, Solicitors, Lincoln's Inn-fields, London ; or to
Alessrs. . and J. P. Sturge, Surveyors, Bristol.

SALES BY AUCTION.
NORFOLK.

A very ValuaTbliethaenld,reter,ulnyeadretshierabclietlFoßf
NEOErychL.D ESTATE,
111 E
ASI Su IRt
ISI HURRAY,
ni)ll,:t.NsßoErAwL
yich, ornIAAFURTCI
DTTAI
IA?
tnhALdLao
yt Lso:f a
tajt:hldye
Nil'etTlAnhtte)aantbteOanunoetrifsote:lcilo:ocnkt(el:ldesirable FREEHOLD (and a small part
COPYHOLD) ESTATE, known as ST. ANDREWS' HALL,
comprising an excellent Mansion and Park, Offices, Stables,
Coach Houses, Gardens, &c., together with three compact Farms.
Containing in all about 534 Acres of good and productive Arable,
Meadow, and Pasture Land, producing a rental of about 1,030/.
per annum.
This estate is situate in the parish of Old Beckenham, two
miles from the Market town of Attleborough, and fifteen from
Norwich.
Also, the REVERSION of SIX EXTENSIVE MANORS
(subject to the Life of a Lady aged 57 years) extending over 4,000
Acres of Land.
Mr. Charles Nunn, the Gardener, will shew the Estate, and
Printed Particulars, with a Plan, may be had of George Barker,
Esq., No. 1, Grays Inn-square; at the Rampant Horse, Nor-
wich; the White Hart, Newmarket; the Suffolk Inn, Bury St.
Edmund's ; the Hoop, Cambridge ; at Garraway's Coffee House ;
the Auction Mart; and of Messrs. Murray, Tattersall, and Mur-
ray, Surveyors and Lan
Letters d Agents
be post, 47, Parpaidliament-street, London.
to .

ES HI WALES.
Very valuable FREEHOLD (and part LONG LEASEHOLD)
ESTATES.
MESSRS. MURRAY, TATTERSALL and
I•IURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at the Coburgh
r. M.
and PARADE, situate in the
lintel, in the town of Tenby, on WEDNESDAY, the 18th day of
n of Tenby, containing 3 a., 1 r.,
6 p , with the ground Rents thereon, part let on lease to Mr. R.
Jones (being 4 lots of ground on which four houses have been
built) for a term of three lives, or 99 years, at a Rent of 28/. per
annum, and the remainder let at will to the same person at 10/, a
year, upon an agreement to give up possession when demanded.
July Fas 111:NoeneFaxbkleEaEtSeriaw?blaopt'lcilinCogeiklbTow
MORGAN'S' FARM and COLLIERY, Freehold, containing
131 a., 1 r., 18 p., of good Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Land,
situate within four miles of Tenby, let at will, to Margaret Parcel,
at the low yearly Rent of 50/.
Also the COAL under the said Lands, let to Messrs. Wilson
and Smith, for 21 years, from the 7th March, 1829, at a Royalty of
of all the Coal and Culm delivered at the pits' mouth; this
fully
Royalty bas amounted to 450/. per annum.
MOUNTAIN FARM, Leasehold for three lives, from the Bi-
shop of St. David's (at a low yearly rent), containing 169 a., 3 r.,
16 p., of good Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Land, situate near
: 11',,esAteribrriy.p,t
jilvoeeht
nJones, t
onParticularsto JohnMorris,l\lorgans,Particulars and Plans will be ready by the 25th of
June. For further information apply to Mr. Lee, Solicitor, Lin-
coln's-inn ;or at Messrs. Murray, Tattersall, and Murray, Sur-
veyors and Land Agents, 47, Parliament-street.

Letters to be post paid.

CABIRETh UPHOLSTERY, and BEDDING-
at the CABINET-MAKERS' SOCIETY, 71, LEADEN-
HALL-STREET, Enrolled agreeably to Act of Parliament ;
being real manufacturers in all its branches. The system upon
which this is conducted precludes the possibility of competition for
cheapness, quality, and durability, as not any. house in London can
manufacture at these prices. The Society wishes it to be thorougly
understood, that they do not receive hawked or other goods for sale,
like the bazaars and haberdashers ; but they make every article
themselves, which enable them confidently to warrant their goods
of the very best materials. If any fault appear it will be made
good, free of all charge for twelve months. A trial is earnestly
solicited of those about to furnish, as the only criterion by which
the merits and decided advantages of purchasing at this establish-
ment can belairly estimated. This Society being founded for the
support of industrious mechanics, the funds of which provide for
its members in old age anti burial, they therefore sincerely hope that
their humble endeavours will meet with public patronage.
For ready mony only and no abatement.
71, Leadenhall-street, London.

_________________----_
London, who, from his rePsrpieccetaibs'ililt:
DR. A. A. HARVEY'S ANTIBILIOUS AND FAMILY APERIENT
PILLS, FOR BOTH SEXES.
DR. HARVEY begs leave to inform the Public,
he has dis osed of the prescription of his Antibilious 11114
Family Aperient
Pills, to Mr. Edwards, of 67, St. Paul's Chureh.yard,
feels perfectly confident will dispense them correctly, and with the most
and great knowledge of business, he
genuine Medicines ; he would not have made over the prescription to any
one he could not hare placed perfect reliance in, as he is tenacious the
d. per Box.
i üblic should not be trifled with, in what would so importantly aflbct the
human constitution. Dr. Harvey further begs to state, there Is not a
saarifdcrb,rbemttoesrtFdaemaleilrys Ainp.6eircici
iictiallicid Antibilious Pill extant; and that they
aie without Calomel or any other preparation of Mercury.
5, Edgar Buildings, Bath, 27th December, 1837.
Sold by E. Edwards, 67, St. Paul's Churchyard; Sanger, 150; Chard*.
76, Oxford-street; White, 24, Cornhill, opposite the Royal ElSChanlei
• sr.•%. sw •
f.

' SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.
Nothing can be more complete than the demonstration that
the Irish municipal franchise proposed by Sir Robert Peel
would have the effect of so mischievously limiting the consti-
tuencies as to deprive the Bill of all its proposed efficacy, and
utterly destroy its character as a popular, satisfactory, perma-
nent, and final measure. There is but one opinion upon the
subject amongst all who possess the slightest knowledge of
the state of Ireland, amongst whom, we think, the great bulk
of her representatives, the liberal portion of them, ought to
have no slight weight with a man so anxious as Sir Robert to
adjust the question to the contentment of the country, and
make it, to use his own words, " the foundation of peace."
We feel so little disposition to question the sincerity of the
Tory leader in expressing :this desire, that we cannot bring
ourselves to think he will persevere in fatally embarrassing this
great and important subject by obstinately insisting upon a
condition, agreement to which, whether on the part of
Ministers, or on the part of Ireland, he must now be con-
vinced is utterly hopeless and impossible. In the present
state of the Irish Municipal question, heavy will be the re-
sponsibility of the party which, should the attempt to settle a
prove a failure, would be justly answerable for so serious it
disaster ; and should the Tories continue to urge the adoption
of the qualification upon which they have taken their present
stand, we feel the most comfortable assurance that the burden
of that responsibility will not fall upon Ministers or their
friends. The straightforward sense and honesty that charac-
terize the great intelligent mass of the thinking people of
England will support, we are firmly convinced, the simple
proposition that if a Municipal Bill is to be passed for Ireland,
that Bill ought to be liberal in its provisions, popular in its
spirit, and, above all things, a measure calculated to
content and gratify the country for which it is in-
tended. The people of England will revolt from
the notion of thrusting a Bill upon Ireland, under
the specious name of a reform, which it is nonsense to suppose
the Irish people would accept in any other light than as the
imposition of a new grievance, or, at best, as no palliation of
the existing wrong. A single fact which Mr. O'Connell
stated the other night ought to suffice to remove all doubt as
to the practical operation of the municipal franchise proposed
by the Opposition. The town of Leeds, with a population of
160,000, has a municipal constituency of 25,000 voters ;
whereas in the city of Dublin, with a population of 265,000,
the municipal constituency created by Sir Robert Peel's quali-
fication would, upon the very largest calculation, amount to
5,000 at the very utmost. Now we put it to the country, is
this equality? Is this an approach to equal legislation? Is
it fair, or honest, or reasonable, or decent to propose a mea-
sure of municipal reform for Ireland, so narrow, so pitiful, so
utterly despicable and paltry, when we compare it with that
which we enjoy ourselves, and %Odell the Irish Re-
formers powerfully aided us in obtaining ? 'When will
the Tories open their eyes to the spirit of the Union, and the
measureless importance of identifying the fundamental laws
and liberties of the two countries? When will they cease to
regard with this stupid jealousy every extension of civil rights
and privileges to a people so closely connected with us as
the Irish? Whence this silly dread of committing the pav-
ing and lighting of an Irish town to a full representation of
its inhabitants? If there be any disposition in the people
of England to believe that a Municipal constituency, founded
upon a 51. qualification, would tear unhappy Ireland in
pieces, it is full time to enlarge St. Luke's. That there
is no dispcsition to any such folly we firmly believe ; the
" Thomite Dissenters" (craving pardon of the Standard)
are scarcely such idiots as to harbour apprehensions of a
nature so monstrously absurd, so inexpressibly contemptible.
In truth, the only danger is in limiting the franchise
.as
the Tories blindly and foolishly recommend. We see in-
calculable danger in re-constructing the Irish Corporations
upon an illiberal and narrow basis ; we see danger of the
most formidable kind in mocking Ireland with a Municipal
Bill remedial in its preamble only ; a sham reform ; a mea-
sure merely metamorphosing exclusion in one shape into ex.
elusion in another; a measure leaving the existing grievance
unredressed, and the present fountain of discontent and agita-
tion open. We care not whether it be the Catholics or the
Protestants who would be excluded by the unpopular qualifi-
cation suggested by Sir Robert Peel. In Munster the exclu-
sion would probably fall upon the former; in
Ulster upon the
latter. Our objection is to the exclusion not of this sect or
that, but to the exclusion of both, or, in other words, of
great body of the citizens and townsmen of each municipality,
to whose claim to participation in the power; of local govern-
ment no valid objection can exist, whose admission to that pri-
vilege is the great end of a free municipal system, yet in whose
feces the exorbitant qualification contended for would infallibly
shut the door. We are actuated by no desire either to exclude
the Protestants or to swamp them. Can some of the Tories
state with as much sincerity that it is not their object to ex-
clude or to swamp the Catholics ? For our part we take no
sectarian view of the question. Our plea is on behalf of the
population at large. If the Catholics are ten to one, that is
the fault of the Protestant persons not ours. It will be seen
by the lists of the division on Monday night, that Mr. Las-
celles and Mr. Baring Wall voted in the majority. It ought
to be known also, that Lord Elliot left the House without sot-
ingeas did Sir C. Coote, though both of them were present
during the debate. It is gratifying to learn that a strong feel-
ing does, in fact, exist on she part of many of the Tories, that
Sir Robert Peel was dealing unfairly towards the Irish in in-
sisting upon a qualification which even he at last admitted was
practically much more than 10/. We evinced by the recep-
tion we gave to Sir Robert Peel's conciliatory overtures,
that we are not 'disposed to judge uncharitably of him.
But what are we to think of his conduct? If he did not in-
tend to adopt the course best calculated to mark a disposition
to heap insult on Ireland, lie has a strange way of giving
effect to his wishes. And yet the Right lion. Baronet affected
to feel sore that he received credit for intending what was the
obvious tendency of his conduct. Why, if he did not mean to
insult the Irish, did he first raise their hopes by the penitential
tone he assumed in his overtures, merely to dash those hopes
to the ground by declaring that he would persist in demanding
a higher qualification for Ireland than for England and Scot-
land, for no conceivable reason than because the Irish are
chiefly Catholics? Mr. O'Connell professed himself ready to
take either the Scotch or English municipal system ; but the
Right Hon. Baronet will give the Irish neither; but insists
on a qualification much higher in reality than it purports to be
in name. It is insulting the Irish to suppose them so stupid
as to be gulled by his reasons, or so base as to acquiesce in his
conclusions. If the moderate of his owe party are ashamed of
his conduct, what may the Irish be expected to feel ? We
repeat, we trust the Right Hon. Baronet will repent once
more, and do justice to Ireland.-21forning Chronicle.
The Imprisonment for Debt Bill was, last night, read a
third time in the House of Lords. This measure, as our
readers may recollect, was referred in November last to a Se-
lect Committee, the members of which have bestowed great
pains on the consideration of its various provisions. The Lord
Chancellor stated, last night, the different alterations which
have been effected in the Bill, since it was first introduced.
The leading provisions of the measure are—the abolition of
arrest en mesne process, and the extension to creditors of the
power to compel their debtors to pass through the Insolvent
Court. Landed property, as well as property in the funds,
and shares in Companies, are rendered more extensively liable,
than they have hitherto been, to the claims of creditors, The
power of arrest in execution remains unaffected by the Bill.
Lord Ashburton professed himself convinced that a ne-
cessity existed, for perpetuating the law of arrest. In
a country like England, credit was indispensable; and
how could credit be maintained, if the law provided
no punishment for the dishonest contraction of debts ?
The smallest offence in another shape against the security of
property--a theft, for instance, although only of a ppcket-
handkerchief—subjected the perpetrator to severe penalties •
and he (Lord Ashburton) could not believe, that the appro-
priation of an honest tradesman's goods, by a person who had
no means of payment, ought to be permitted to pass un-
punished. It might be very agreeable for mere theorists to
deal out their generalities on this question ; but practical men
would, generally, be found favourable to the principle of the
law of arrest. Lord Brougham, in a speech of considerable
poser, replied to the objections of Lord Ashburton. The
Noble and Learned Lord begged, however, in the first plot+,
to declare that he did not exactly approve of the Bill before
the (louse ; although that Bill was calculated, undoubtedly,
to effect a great improvement on the. existing law. Ile
disapproved of the Bill, first, because its provisions were not
to be extended to Ireland-....and, in the second place, because
the system of arrest in execution was not to be abolished, as well
as the system of arrest in mesne process, As.to the observation
niade use of by Lord Ashburton, that imprisonment for
debt was obnoxious only to theorists—lie ( Lard Breualiam)
begged to declare, that in this matter he was no theorist, and
that. in this matter, moreover, his opinion; were shared by men
of the most practical cast of understanding. Of the witnesses
examined on the subject, all the men engaged in large whole-
sale businesses, were favourable to abolition nay, many shop-
keepers of an humbler class held the same views. It was,
however, a remarkable fact, that of the traders, who con-
tended for the advantages of the system of arrest, scarcely one
laid any stress on the process of arrest in execution. They
all upheld the value of arrest on mesne process—that is to say,
before the justice of the debt could, by possibility, be deter-
mined ; but arrest in execution—arrest, that is to say, after
the debt had been proved—seemed worthless in their eyes.
This little fact satisfied him ( Lord Brougham) that arrest on
mesne process was a system of unjustifiable tyranny ; and es
the process of arrest in execution was little prized by trades-
men creditors, why should any other class of men seek to perpe-
tuate it? Lord Brougham then proceeded to point out some
of the frightful consequences which flow from the system of
false credit which now prevails throughout society—a system
which is based on the imaginary security afforded to creditors
by the existing law of arrest ? It had been observed by the
Noble Lord ( Lord Ashburton) that people had no right to
run in debt, without the moans of discharging their ohligations.
True. But if one set of men was disposed, le run, wantonly
into debt, another set of men was disposed, under the -present
system, to give credit wantenly. The good r'estomere it is
notorious, pay for the bat) t and the. credit system had the
effect of intr4Achlg into trade 41150 principles of competition.
iflitati ter competing esAth each other in the production
attd sale of ; t and good commodities, trade Men now

On Thursday evening, pursuant to notice, Mr. O'Connell
is to move his Bill to terminate, frsm the Ist of August next,
the female slave apprenticeship a) stem. The arguments
urged by the friends of humanity in support of Sir Eardley
Wilmot's more comprehensive resolution, are, of course, appli-
cable, but in a stronger degree, to this limited branch of the
great question of negro emaneipatioa —inasmuch as this relates
to the sufferings, the degradation, the intolerable oppression
and misery of the weaker sex—the sex that on every shore, in
every clinic, peculiarly merits the sympathy and is entitled to
the protection of every being deserving the name of nian. A
Ministerial evening journal (the Courier) says, " Mr. O'Con-
Dell's Bill to terminate the apprenticeship of female negroes
is a nitre make-believe." We stop not to inquire what is Mr.
O'Connell's motive in bringing forward this question. If
his advocacy of the case of the female negroes be only a
pretence, as the Courier alleges, his conduct will probably
be such as to betray the insincerity of his purpose. It is suffi-
cient for us to know that the cause itself is good, let it be
brought forward by whom it may. Justice, Christian morality,
aid the best emotions of the human heart, plead strongly in
its favour. What need, then, to discuss the personal motives
of Mr. O'Connell; the merits of such a cause are its best ad-
vocacy, and, fail into what hands it may, we cannot but bct
litterested for its success. The enormous sum of twenty mil-
lions sterling was generously arid cheerfully raid by the British
people, under the impression that it was the full price of the
slaves' redemption from all the horrors—all the oppression—
all the degradation of bondage. Mistaken impression ! Sla-
very is but disguised under a new name, and we can look back
with a melancholy satisfaction to the time when we forewarned
the country that it would be so. Our opinions are on record
from the beginning against this apprenticeship system, We,
over and over again, stated that it would turn out to be only
slavery under another name. We differed then from a largo
body of philanthropists who placed more faith in Whig
assurances than we were disposed to do ; but now they sea
their mistake, and we assist them to endeavour to repair it.
In speaking of the grant of the twenty millions for negro
emancipation, the Government journal—the Globe—said the
other day, " We believe the country is far from regretting an
instance. of generosity which has done honour to England in
the eyes of the whole world." If evidence of superior
gulli-
bility, in parting with vast sums of money without value re-
ceived, constitutes a claim to national distinction, the English
nation has certainly earned that distinction in many ways. In
flinging away her gold into the bottomless pits of Spanish and
Greek and Russo-Dutch loans, and in paying vast sums of
money to other governments to obtain the suppression of the
foreign slave trade, which now flourishes more vigorously than
ever, England has established a claim to the character of gene-
rous credulity beyond any nation that ever existed ; but her ca-
pacity for being duped out of millions without obtaining any
of the benefit for the most oppressed of mankind, of which
that money was to be the purchase, was never more signally
displayed than in her bargain for the abolition of negro slavery.
Well may the Treasury journal point its little sarcasm at the
" generosity" of a people whom its patrons have so egregiously
cajoled out of their money upon a false pretence ! 'The twenty
millions have melted away, but the moral abomination of
negro slavery, which was to have been abated, remains as
gigantic a nuisance as ever. But having paid that immense
sum to procure the abolition of West Indian slavery, the
country, as we observed the other day, is taxed to the
amount of more than three millions annually to keep up the
system of slave-labour which the twenty millions ready cash
was paid to put down I This taxation is paid upon one article
of West Indian produce only. Out of the pockets of the
people of England are upwards of three millions taken every
year for the encouragement of slave-labour in the article of
sugar. If we take into account the monopoly-tax upon
c, Wee, the annual sum which the British people pay for the
p! ivilege of consuming, in these two articles, the produce of
slave labour, amounts to upward :of four millions. The lines
of tire poet Cowper are still as applicable to forced labour
under the apprenticeship system as they were to the tear-
watered soil of slavery before it took a new name :
" Think ye, masters iron-hearted
Lolling at your jovial boards,
Think how many backs have smarted
Tor the sweets your cane affords,"
The scourge has not been struck frown the: hands of oppres-
sion, as we contended it ought. It is only transferred from
the hand of the plantar or the driver to one who is but too fre-
quently the tool of both. How is, the application of the man-
degrading lash to qualify the slave for freedom ? It is for the
produce of labour, coerced and stimulated by the lash, that the
people of England are taxed upwards of four millions annu-
ally. Surely under these circumstances the planters, at least,
ai e Nt:i the party tvronyed. This large amount of taxation
ashes out of the bounty paid on the exportation of refined
sugar, and the protecting duties, which ensure a monopoly of
the sugar and coffee market at borne to the planters, pro-
ducing such au effect upon the prices in this country, that,
if it were not for these duties the people would be able
to purchase their sugar at about two-pence per pound
cheaper than it is at present. What a burden upon the
less affluent classes of society is two-pence the pound in that
article alone. We have now before us a little work upon this
subject which says, " it is not perhaps generally known that
a considerable portion of the sugar brought into this country
is not consumed here, but is again exported after liming been
refined. 'rids at first sight might be difficult to account for,
especially if taken in connection with the fact that there are
other sugars brought into the continental markets of a much
lower price than ours. But its order to enable the West Indian
merchants to reduce the prices of their sugar so as to compete
aith those, our Government gives them a bounty on all that
is exported, wibch amounts to a very large sum per annum,
and which is of course just so much paid out of' the treasury
of the country. This bounty allows the merchants engaged in
the trade to export their sugars at a much lower price than they
get for the same qualities at home, and this price is actually
between three amid four shillings below the cost of the raw ma-
terial. In fact, it is a sum of money paid indirectly to en-
courage the planters to produce a certain quantity MOM than,
at the present high prices, is necessary for /ionic consumption.
As the effect of this system is to keep up the prices in this
country, the planters are induced by their own int4rest to urge
their managers and overseers to send home the utmost their
estates can produce, and thus an additional stimulus is given
to work out the already overworked apprentice, and the
bounty becomes a premium fur the continuance of slavery
in our West Indian possessions." This bounty is esti-
mated at the average annual amount of upwards of 360,0001.
Isking an average of the ten )ears preceding 1833, as to
the Tiantity of refined sugar exported from this country.
It would lead us to a greater length than our space will
=row to enter into the detailed calculation. Suffice It to
say, that the Government returns upon the refined sugar for
exportation, not merely the drawback of 245. per cwt., which
is the import duty, but a sum which is eelculatecl at about
435. 2d. As, however, it requires more than a cwt. of sugar
to make a cwt, of refined, the bounty must be taken as some-
what less then the differc»ce between these SEMIS. That dif-
feeenee is 19s. 2d., and allowing 2a. 2d, to go with the draw-
back for the reason we have mentioned, the actual bounty paid
out of the public' treasury is 17s. per cwt. ; and as the annual
quantity of refined sugar exported is, on the as erage, 425,000
cwt„ that figure multiplied by I as., gives 361,2501.
Then, the duty imposed upon foreign sugar to pro-
tect the interests of the planter, amounts to a prohibi-
tion. If the duty on foreign sugar were reduced to a
level with that OR On the \Vest India sugar, it would cost
the public in the home market about less per cyst. less than at
present. The sugar imported from our colonies in 1835
was 211,191 tons, which being reduced 1.55, per cwt.,
would be equivalent to taking off a tax amounting to
3,221,8651. per annum. Besides it should not be left out of
the account that the consumption would increase with the fall
of price, and as every ton of increase would pay 245. duty, the
revenue would be cosrespondingly benefited, 'rime probably
increase is calculated at 1,000,000/. per annum. As to theta;
on coffee, it is calculated at 556,000/. per annum.
The great result then stands thus :
Bounty paid out of the Treasurj on refined sugar exported ze 3P.'t ,e5O
Annual, twx on sugar for home consumption
kale on coffee
556,000

Total -€4,139,616
Thus we see that upwards of 4,000,0001. sterling are annu-
ally taken out of the pockets of the people to encourage slave
labour. To which if we add the 1,000,0001. that would be
gained by increased consumption at a lower price, we may
estimate the loss to the country at upwards of -;
000,000 L
Looking at all this, who will affirm that the stare appren-
ticeship system of labour is not st Oitiy thing to the pockets

of the people, as well ns to the interests of humanity ?—illorn- 1 bribery. Corruption would be dragged from the dark Lieline-
ing Herald. places of its polluted den to perish in the light, amidst the full
The result of Monday night's proceedings in the House of blaze of the intellectual day.—Morning Advertiser.
Commons was a temporary disappointment of the hopes en- In every step of the policy of the Romanists, whether in or
tertained by every reasonable and honest man we have con out of Parliament, we may recognise that principle of action
y,grd with, tioa so for as the Municipal Bill was concerned, to which we adverted a day or two since—they always take
one favourite pretext for Irish distvrbance wraild be retrieved, advantage of their own wrong Let us first examine an in-
and the inventive powers of these men who live by exciting stance in Parliament, and that a very important one, and of
the fury of the populace be compelled to werk out some fresh very recent occurrence. Sir Robert Peel proposes a 101.
meter:al of sedition. The attempt of Mr. Daniel O'Connell franchise in the Irish Municipal Bill, and also proposes a test
to cut short and get rid of the whole measure by opposing the by which it may be ascertained that those claiming to exercise
recommittal of the Bill, followed as it was by the acquiescing it have a true and bona fide franchise. Mr. O'Connell arel
nonchalance of Lord J. Russell, placed Ministers in a son c- the Ministry exclaim that this is monstrous—that a concession
what suspicious light, and led mane to the natural conclusion coupled with such conditions is no concession at all. Mr.
that some amicable "compromise" had keen meditated in eel, O'Connell says it is an insult to the people of Ireland.
tain quaeters of a different nature from that imputed to so. " What !" it is replied--" how can you thus speak of a 101
R. P. el and her Majesty's Government ; according to which, franchise, which is that named in the Reform Bill,' the
with the help of the Coronation and other Godsends, maxima charta' of the empire generally, but especially
progress towards any ssttlement of the affairs of Ireland of Ireland ?" The rejoinder of the Romanists and
might be checked, at least sluring the present session. \linisterialists is, that though there is nominally a 10/.
The Right Honourable Baronet, however, and the majority franchise in the Reform Act, yet in fact and in prac-
of the House, left this important matter to be settled between tice no such high franchise is required. Mark the impudence
the two illustrious confederates, by whom, no doubt, it had of this I Because the spirit and the letter of the Reform Act
been previously considered ; and certainly few men so pees. have been grossly violated—because they have taken advantage
tised as Lord J. Russell, have ever trade a more ridiculous of legal quibbles and easy consciences to make the 10/. fran-
eppearance than did that Noble Lord, when Sir R. Peel chise expressed in the Reform Act a nullity—we are not to
washed his hands of all participation in the O'Connell trick, guard the new franchise against a similar abuse The
reminding the Ministerial leader that it was "he (Lord J. Romanists complain that the Conservatives want to introduce
Russell) who had charge of the Bill, and who knew whether a higher franchise into the Municipal Act than was provided
it would be advisable to proceed with it or not ;" " but most in the " Reform" Act. " How is that," say the Conserve
certainly, if he ( Sir R. Peel) had proposed, at this period of tives ; " for we propose a 10/. franchise, and the Reform Act
the session, and considering the approaching coronation, a also requires a 10/. franchise ? How do you make out that
delay of a week, he would have subjected himself to the im- 10/. are more than 101. ?" Why it cannot be made out,
putation of desiring to postpone the details of the Bill until but by admitting that a gross wrong has obtained with
such a period of the session as would preclude the hope respect to the franchise in the Reform Act. It cannot be
of passing it." After this gentle chastisement from the made out without admitting that the Reform Act has been
band of the Right Honourable Member for Tamworth, fraudfully dealt with ; and yet, not content with having com_
Lord John recollected that it " would be better to pro_ mitted this fraud, the Romanists insist upon the ground and
ceed with the Bill." The merits of the Bill itself having foundation of the fraud so committed that the municipal fran-
been pretty severely canvassed on Sir R. Peel's former chise must (if it is to be honestly enforced) be made lower.
argument for the necessity of substituting a 10/. franchise Is it possible that an audaciously impudent attempt of men to
instead of the Ministerial proposal of 5/., the debate which take advantage.of their own wrong should go beyond this?
followed was abridged, as well by the exhaustion of the sub- An O'Connell print, adopting with great felicity of imitation
jest, as by the impatience of the House, and terminated on the the style of its dictator, calls the bona fide franchise which
same evening in a majority of no more than 20 for the Minis- Sir R. Peel proposes an " atrocious humbug." This Liu-
teriaal franchise, in a House of 558 Members, tellers in- tality is easy of utterance, but surely the " humbug" is oat
eluded, besides 56 who paired. Mr. O'Connell, as on all on the side of those who deeire that a test of the validity
other occasions, declared against Sir Robert Peel's principle of the franchise should be provided. In the Re-
of a 10/. franchise, because of its being an " insult to form Act there is a 10/. franchise provided, but in
Ireland ;" which piece of stupid virulence was calmly replied reality those who use the privileges adjudged to
to by the Right Hon. Baronet, with an assurance that he that franchise do not possess it. We shall not call this "afro.
meant no insult whatever, and that when a bona fide to/. ' cious humbug," but we do think that it is a gross political
qualification was established by the Whig Government as the fraud, and that the existence of such a fraud proves the wisdom
criterion of the Scotch franchise, no Scotch gentleman ever of Sir Robert Peel in taking care that it should not be re-
dreamed of describing it as an insult to Scotland. But why put peated with respect to the municipal franchise. To advert
Ireland, cry O'Connell and Shell, on a different footing front now to another matter out of Parliament. A controversy has
England, as to the amount bf qualification, and front Scotland been going on in Dublin between a Protestant and a Roman
as to the imposition ofa rating test ? The answer is, that the vast Catholic Clergyman, in the course of which it became ncces-
majority of houses rated for municipal purposes in England sary to examine the contents of a book written by one Dens, a
do in fact possess a value of 10/. or upwards, and that of those Monk, which book is one of those that the Romanist Clergy
which do not, the occupants are not under the single and of Ireland are compelled to study. It is one of their " class
uniform influence of one gigantic spiritual power, the sworn books." The Protestant Clergyman, in commenting upon
enemy of Church and State : whereas in Scotland, where the this book, had occasion to point out its abominable indecencies,
qualification is expressly and specifically a 101. house or pre- and consequently female auditors were excluded upon the day
raises, there is no evidence of wholesale fraud or perjury prac_ that this nasty class book was under discussion. The Ro-
tised for the manufacture of a false qualification, assuming to manists and their hirelings, one and all, attack the Pro-
be worth 101., but really not worth half the sum. A uniform testant Clergyman for his grossness in bringing such matters
franchise may exist in the words of an Act of Parliament, but under discussion ! Is not this modest ? We Protestants
that will not produce a real uniformity as between Great complain of the abominable indecency of the Romish books
Britain and Ireland. The true ground and motive for a test from which the Priests are taught, and the Romanists, taking
being recommended by Sir R. Peel with regard to Ireland is advantage of the abomination which they have composed, rail
on record in the general history of the elections for that upon us for bringing it into discussion. Why, whose is the
country, and in the proceedings of the Committee on fictitious fault? Let them not put indecency into their theology, and
votes, of which Lord Granville Somerset was Chair- we, in discussing their theology, will have no occasion to dis-
man. His motive is simply to guard against crimes which cuss indecency. But, with habitual Romanist moderation,
do not exist either here or in Scotland, through the fright- they are guilty of the depravity, and then charge all the blame
ful prevalence of which, the Irish elective franchise has upon those who would expose that depravity. This honest
been reduced to almost nothing, and by which the whole intent party it is which governs the nominal Government of Great
and purpose of the law have been defeated. Sir Robert Peel Britain I—Morning Post.
read extracts from the evidence before that Committee which
astounded every Member of the House of Commons who had
already been familiar with them. Mr. Lane, the treasurer
for the city of Cork, a man of (so called) liberal politics, who
had always voted for candidates of the O'Connell tail—.this
gentleman acknowledged that in fact the 10/. franchise in
Cork was a delusion ; that among the constituency of that
citsv, no fewer than 365 persons were registered as voters, whose
houses were rated of less value than 101. ; that of those whose
houses were not rated at all, and therefore must have been
of less t/.'an 51. value, 119 had exercised the rights of
electors, and many of those who for the purpose of claiming
the elective franchise had sworn their houses to be of the value
of 10/. afterwards, when the question of rating for municipal
purposes came, swore that the same houses were not worth Si.
Now, is not this decisive as to the impudence of demanding
institutions similar in name to those of England, where there
is, and can be, from the different nature and habits and mo-
rals of the people, no similarity in substance ? Is net this
an abundant justification of Sir Robert Peel's principle, that
in Ireland we must have guarantees against falsehood and
wickedness which are not required here ? Is Sir Robert
as a protector of the laws of Ireland, of the freedom of
election, and of a true representation of the people in Parlia-
ment, not bound to guard the elective franchise against the
frauds of men who will swear one day for the sake of
voting that their house is worth 101., and the next day,
under the fear cf rating (to save a
,few miserable shil-
lings of local tar), will swear that the identical house
is not worth 51., obtaining in both cases an easy absolu-
tion from the priest, who directs their votes, and who is said to
be no friend to those taxes whereby he does not personally
profit ? We say this is the real state of the Irish elective fran-
chise, and that it is a mere farce to talk of " assimilating in-
stitutions" between that country and Great Britain, by apply-
ing the same words of an Act of Parliament to each, when the
same words produce in each effects so entirely opposite. But
the mere objection offered by Lord John Russell to the enact-
ing e qualification of 10/, and measuring it by a 101 rate, was
that from certain usages in Ireland difEring from those of
England, and certain charges failing upon the Irish tenant,
which are bone by the landlord here, the Irish tenant must
in reality possess a holding worth considerably more than 10/.
before it can be subjected to a rate of that amount. To this
it was answered, with the utmost frankness and integrity, by
Sir Robert Peel and Sir William Follett, that what
they wanted, and what they would accept, was a quail
fication constituted by premises of 101. and no more ; that
they did not contemplate a fiction under cover of the law,
any more than they would tolerate fictions in violation of the
law, and that they would he as repugnant to call for the occu-
pation of a house north 121 in satisfaction ofa 10/. franchise, as
they ttonld be to recognize it valid qualification in a house worth
only 8/. vale n the law required IN. Sir Robert Peel and Sir
William Follett urther declared that the Conservatives would
be perfectly satisfied with any adjus!msnt or management of
the voting which should ascertain the value of the house to be
10/. and no more as a sufficient qualification. 'Phis, !weever,
we take leave to judge, will net answer the views of Mr.
Daniel O'Connell, nor ;via any settlement of the franchise
which shuts the door egainst fraud. The learned fact-and-
loose player has given notice, that he will move to strike out
of the Bill ar, provision for Rquisia any specific value as the
basis of the Irish franchise. Of course, no such thing as a
qualification to he determined otherwise than by the oath, or,
in other words, the conseience of tile psrty himself, will ..uit
O'Connell. '3.'he Cork fashion will do best for him. But
still Parliament countenance the iniquity? Never.— Times.
It will be seen that Mr. Wyse has placed the, following no-
tic referring to dust most es,:nntial object the establishment
of a oathmal .5) stern of education, on the notiee-ho,)k of the
House of .Correntins for discussion to-morrow night:--" Ad-
dress to her Majesty, that she said be graciously pleased to
appoint a Boaed of Commissioners of Education iu Erigisn‘l,
with the view especially of provid'ng for the wise, equitable,
and efficient epolicatioa of Mims granted or to be grsnted for
the advanceim.nt of Education by Parliament." The late
transactions 1,, Kent—and the melancholy superstition they
exhibit—demonstrate the necessity. as well as urgency, which
exists for the accomplishment or tame great and uniform mea-
sure of popular educasion. Lori Brougham took thie view cf
the matter when referring to it oa Thursday night is the
House of Lords ; and he pointedly said that, " when his
Bill for a system of national education should be brought
forward next week, he lilted to have advocacy and
support (in consequence of those transactions) from
many of those who had been hitherto lukewarm or
opposed to hie comprehensive measure of education."
We have lately had the strongest proofs that can be
experimentally adduced of the power of education in
repressing crime. The criminal returns of the Metropolitan
Police for the last year have proved it beyond all question.
From these official documents it appears that of the persons
taken into custody who could neither read nor write, and who
amounted to 15,463 males and 13,033 females, 6,783 males
and 5,073 females were summarily convicted, and 656 males
and 364 females were tried and convicted. It further ap-
pears that of "such as had received sup,-rior instruction, out
of 1,032, only 23 males and females were tried and convicted;
that out of the whole number there were only 31 females sub-
jeeted to committal, and that out of those only three were sum-
marily convicted, and none tried and convicted." A more trium-
phant demonstration of the beneficial power of education in
checking the growth of crime, and ameliorating the morals of
society, was never submitted to the public. Our ancestors
might well assign some merit to "benefit of clergy." There
can be no longer a question that the obstruction of education
is tantamount to the obstruction of religion and morality, and
to the encouragement of irreligion, crime, and vice. To faci-
litate and diffuse the soarces of education should be, in the
present condition of society throughout the world, the pri-
mary object of the philanthropist and the Statesman. What-
ever the exclusive bigotry of ecclesiastical selfishness may
pretend, an educated and instructed people will always be a
moral and religious people. Education contributes to the
success and profit of the manufacturer, the mechanic, and the
artisan, as well as to social morality. Ignorance of the laws
of matter is not the road to good workmanship. The at-
tractions of debasing indulgences .
will always
be super-
seded by the growth intellectual improvement. No
more certain castigator of the corruptions of society and
the tn.:due severities of our criminal code would be found than
the schoolmaster. Education would alone mitigate the cri-
minal laws and supersede to a great degree the punishment of
death, by rxidering its application unnecessary. It would
not only frustrate the inflammatory arts of such a visionary
demagogue as the mock Sir William Courteeay, but it would
render nugatory the arts of coder and abler charlatans, whose
means of operation are found in the ignorance of the people.
A corrupted freeman would, it. the midst of a highly educated
peoplo, be considered as something less or worse than man.
A high sense of patriotic honour and self respect would be
the feeling produced by establishing such a comprehensive
system of education as Mr. Wyse proposes. Such 'a feeling
once engendered, there will be an end of all future offers of

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH, JUNE 12,

BLUNT V. HARWOOD, SCOTT, AND SIR HERBERT JENNER.
In this case a lute had been obtained for a prohibition to be issued to
Sir Herbert Jenner, commanding him to proceed no further in a suit
relating to church rates, in which the other parties were engaged, The
affidavits stated that in 1830 some of the inhabitants of the parish of
Streatham conceiving that there was not sufficient accommodation in
the church of that parish, and being desirous of enlarging the church
for the purpose of increasing the amount of that accommodation, had
held a vestry meeting, and after some discussion had referred the matter
to a committee. That committee had made a report, and a notice
was then given of a vestry meeting to take the report into considera-
tion. This meeting was held ; a resolution to enlarge the church
was passed, and another to borrow money at interest for that
purpose; and a rate was imposed on the parish to pay interest en
the money borrowed, and finally to repay that money itself. In 1836
Mr. Harwood refused to pay that rate, and he was then libelled in the
Ecclesiastical Court. Mr. Harwood took an objection to the insuffi-
ciency of the notice underwhich the meeting that resolved on borrowing
the money and raising the rate to pay it had been held. The Ecclesias-
tical Court had held the notice to be sufficient, and had made a decree
accordingly. The present application was then made, with the view of
preventing that decree from being enforced.

Sir W. FOLLETT showed cause against the rule.—Rule discharged.
WILLIAMS V. PAXTON.

Mr. J. JERVIi moved for a rule to show cause why an order of Mr.
Justice Coleridge, giving the defendant in this case ten days further
time to plead, without imposing any condition as to taking short notice
of trial, should not be set aside. This was an action for a malicious
prosecution, brought by one of the parties who had recently been tried
atthe Central Criminal Court on a charge of conspiring to forge a will.
She was tho servant of Mr. Williams, the principal defendant. The
declaration in this case was delivered on the 29th of May, and if the
defendant had pleaded in proper time, the issue might have been made
up, and the trial could have come off at the sittings atter this Term ;
but the order now complained of would have the effect of throwing the
case over the long vacation.—Rule refused.

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, JUNK 12.

HITCIki:CIS V. WALFOUD.

This was an action brought against the Rector of a parish in North-
amptonshire to recover the value of certain tombstones erected in me.
mory of the plaintiff's father and other members of his family, who were
buried in the church-yard of the parish. It appeared on the tai t! that
the tombstones had been removed by the order of the defendant, for the
purpose of convert ng Ora portion of the church-yard into a burial-place
for the poor. The cause was tried by Mr. Justice Littledale, at the last
Assizes for Northampton, when a verdict was found for the plaintifF.
A rule nisi for a nonsuit or a new trial had been obtained by Mr. Ser-
geant Goulburn last Tcrm. Mr. Sergeant Addams was to.day about to
show cause against the rule, when

The COURT suggested that the best course would be to enter a
stet J:rocessus, but the Learned Counsel on both sides wished the
ease to stand over, as their clieWs ivere not present, in order that
thi y might have the opportunity of consulting them.—The case ac-
cordingly stands over.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW,

'1
...... 3 i minutes atter 6 j Eve:;ing 4 mlnutvs
•

On Saturday June 16, in one volume, post Bvo., with a Frontis-
piece, drawn by Rochard, from a sketch by the Author, a Map,
and Six Engravings on Wood by S. Williams,
) AMBLES in the PYRENEES, and a VISIT
to SAN SEBASTIAN.
By FREDERIC W. VAUX, Ecq.
London: Longman, Orme, and Co.

WILLIAM HOWITT'S NEW WORK.
On Saturday, June 16th, in 1 vol. post Bvo., 10s. 6d. cloth,
COLONIZATION and CHRISTIANITY ;
a Popular History of the Treatment of the Natives in all
their Colonies by the Europeans.
By WILLIAM HOWITT.
Lately published, by the same Author,
THE RURAL LIFE OF ENGLAND. 2 vols., numerous
Illustrations, 245.

joke, therefore, thi.t the subject has been taken up
`seriously by the Earl of DEVON, who is to be as-
sisted in the inquiry by nearly all the Law Lords,
and by a number of Peers who are chairmen at quar-
ter-sessions. A check may easily be devised against un-
due severity, or the freaks and insolence of office, by de-
claring that all summary convictions must be made before
two ►magistrates, and that police-offices shall be open to the
public, and by a proper selection on the part of the Home
Secretary of men to fill these offices—men, not only
"learned in the law," but possessing common-sense and
common humanity. The conduct of some defunct and
some displaced magistrates showed that these latter quali-
fications were the last things that Lord SIDMOUTH
thought of.

The Imprisonment for Debt Bill was read a third time
in the House of Lords last night. Although the Bill is
very different from what it was when it passed the House
of Commons last Session, and falls far short of the expec-
tations of the country, inasmuch as it only partially
abolishes imprisonment for debt, still it is matter of con-
gratulation that the Lords have sanctioned a measure
which must be considered as a vast improvement upon the
present barbarous system.

The Bill as it now stands, and as it will in all proba-
bility become law, abolishes arrest on nicsne process, except
in cases where it is sworn that the debtor is meditating
flight. This seems the amount of the benefit which it confers
on the debtor, and which we willingly admit to be very great.
In lieu of this concession, the creditor receives an equiva-
lent which ought in all conscience to satisfy him. As the
law now stands, a creditor can only take one half the
profits of his debtor's freehold estate ; whereas the Bill
gives him, a year after judgment shall have been obtained, the
privilege of being paid out of the freehold itself, sold under
the superintendence of the Court of Chancery. Copyhold
property is to be dealt with in like manner. Various other
kinds of property, such as property in the public Funds,
Shares in Companies, Promissory-notes, Bills of Exchange,
&c., which are now beyond the reach of the creditor—have
been rendered available to the satisfaction of his claims.
Besides all this new security for payment, the creditor is
to retain the power of arrest in execution, in order, it is
alleged, to prevent the fraud that would be practised
by unprincipled debtors, who might either conceal
their property, or invest it in foreign securities, when they
found themselves pressed by the law at home.
Another important provision of the new measure is, that
it empowers the creditor, after the person of his debtor
has been taken in execution and imprisoned twenty-one
days, to make him pass through the Insolvent Court (if he
does not himself adopt that course), by which means
his property becomes vested in an assignee for the benefit
of all his creditors.

Such are the chief features of the measure. It will be
seen by our Parliamentary report that no opposition
was made to the third reading. Lord ABINGER made some
observations in his usual way, and very similar to those which
might be expected to fall from an attorney of the lowest
grade, whose mind is incapable of taking an enlarged view of
a subject, or of rising an inch above the pettiest details.
Creditors, said this Sage of the Exchequer, will not like the
Bill because it weakens their securities, and debtors will
hate it because it compels them to give up the property
which they want to keep. Here is a legal logician for you.
Were there ever two propositions more directly opposed to
each other

The article which we copy from the Herald on Mr.
O'CoNNELL's motion, which stands for to-morrow, and on
the influence of the monopoly of our market, which we
concede to the West Indians, together with the bounty
which is given them on refined sugar exported, makes it
unnecessary and injudicious in us to write at length, as we
intended, on the same subjects. Mr. O'CoNNELL's motion
goes to put an end to the slavery of a'l females on the
Ist of August next, and that motion must, we think, be suc-
cessful. We cannot conceive an assembly of Englishmen
decreeing the continued slavery of a large body of women. If
t hey had the power, who can doubt that they would instantly
liberate the enslaved inmates of the harem ; and having the
power, i❑ the case of the West Indies, we cannot doubt
that they will liberate women from the slavery of sugar cul-
tivation, and the horrors of the tread-mill. Mr. O'CONNELL
is backed on this question by Protestant Britain as well as
Catholic Ireland, and the high moral sense of the commu-
nity will enable him to overcome the technical difficulties
which technical men will seek to put in his way.

high in the confidence of the Porte, who was the bearer of
important communications from the SULTAN to the BEY.
The same letter intimates that the British residents at
Tunis had promised the BEY that some ships of war would
be sent to his assistance from Malta.
The review of the National Guards on Sunday passed
off very orderly. We copy from G alignani's Messenger of
Monday a brief, but not uninteresting account of it :
The legions of the National Guards, of Paris and the Panlieue, and
troops of the line, forming the garrison of the capital, were yesterday
mustered at an early hour, and by nine o'clock had marched in succes
.ion to the ground allotted to them. The Legions of Paris were sta-
tioned in the Court of the Tuileries of the Place du Carrousel. Those
of the Banlieue were ranged along the Quai des Tuileries, and the troops
along the Place de la Concorde, the Quai d'Orsay, from the Pont de la
Concorde, to the Pont des Invslides, arid on the esplanade of the Hos-
pital. Soon after nine the Dukes of Orleans and Nemours proceeded to
inspect the troops. At a quarter past eleven the King, accompanied by
the Duke d'Aumale and Duke Alexander of Wurtemburg, followed by
all the Ministers, Marshals Soult, Melitor, Lobar', and Gerard, with
a numerous staff of Generals, proceeded along the whole of the
lines, receiving as he went loud arid reiterated cries of " Vice
le Rol." This occupied the King till soon after one, when his
Majesty took his station at the foot of the obelisk, fronting the Tuilerir s,
and was followed by the Queen and Princesses in a carriage. Here the
legions of the National Guards, the infantry of the line, the cavalry, and
artillery, passed before his Majesty in review order. His Majesty ap-
peared in excellent health. The day was exceedingly fine, and the
whole passed without disorder. The utmost precautions were taken;
all the avenues were closely guarded, and no person was permitted to
come within a certain distance of the ground without special leave. The
gardens of the Tuileries were closed to the public, and only Peers, De-
puties and persons provided with tickets were allowed to enter. It was
half-past four when the King returned to the Tuileries. In the evening
the whole of the staff and the superior officers of the National Guards and
the troops reviewed had the honour of dining with the King and Royal
Family.
The subjoined extracts include the only intelligence
from Spain contained in these Journals. The slowness
with which events are developing themselves in the Penin-
sula would astonish us were we less acquainted with the Spa-
nish character. But when are we to witness the falling of
the curtain at the close of this bloody fratricidal drama?
A journal of this morning says " never was money more plentiful, or
the state of commerce more satisfactory than at this moment. The Bank
of France has now in its vaults specie to the amount ofabout three hun-
dred millions, and bills to the amount of one hundred millions ; of bills
to the amount of eleven hundred thousand francs, which have been pre-
sented to it to-day, it has not been obliged to refuse a single one, which
is very rarely the case."—Journal des Debats.
BAYONNE, JUNE 6.—Don Carlos was at Tolosa on the 4th. The
news of some serious action in 'Navarre was expected at the Pretender's
head quarters. The division of the Ribero, which was waiting near
I'eralta for reinforcements from the division of Colonel Iriarte, was on
the point of coming to action with the divisions of Guergue, Garcia,
and Carmona.
The Phare of Bayonne announces that Tristany has been arrested
at PHospilalet, in the department of the Arriege. We published this
news on the 4th of this month.

(Private correspondence of the Constitutionnel.)
Onesas, MAY 11.—Four vessels, laden with ammunition and cloth-
ing, are going to set out for Leghorn, and thence they will proceed to
endeavour to effect a landing on the coast of Spain. A promise is made
to Don Carlos that if he should succeed in making himself master of
some place in the kingdom of Valencia, a legion of Russian volunteers
will be sent to him.
We have a letter from Toulon of the 7th instant, which says
a telegraphic despatch from Paris has brought to Marseilles orders for
the Triton of the line to sail immediately for Mexico, where it will be
under the orders of Captain Bazoche, commander of the blockading
squadron. The Triton, which was lately at Athens, will receive its
sailing orders about the 20th.
The Dupetit Motors brig having received the despatches for Cap-
tain Bazoche, which arrived during last night has just sailed.
The Volage and Zebre brigs will shortly proceed to the same desti-
nation.

P.S.—Orders have just been sent to Captain Cary, commanding th•
Hercules, which has the Prince de Joinville on board, to proceed im-
mediately to the coast of Mexico, and join the squadron of Captain
Bazcche, which it is said will be put under the command of a Rear_
Admiral.— Constitution net.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PAnts, JUNE 11,
Five per Cents., 110 f. 109 f. Psc. 110 E
Four per Cents., 102 f.
Three per Cents. 79f. 90c, Mc. 00c.
Bank Actions, 2,790 f.
Rente de Naples, 08f. 70c.
Roman Five per Cents., 10lM,
Spanish Actives, 221,0A04.
Belgian Loan, 103.
Belgian Bank, 1,45 Cf.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 42%c.; money, 251.40 c.
ree months, paper, 25f. 32}4r. ; money, 251. 130 z.
LAEST
Five per Cents.T 110 f. PRIC
sc. ES.
Three per Cents., 701', 90c.
Bank Actions, 2,790 f,
Romans, 101/,.
Belgian Loan, 103,
Belgian Bank, 1,450 f.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 243.
Spanish Actives, 2214.

German Papers of the latest dates have reached us
this morning. According to advices from Hanover, of the
2d instant, the Chambers have alarmed the KING, by
adopting so many changes in the form of the new Consti-
tution, as already to render it more democratical than the
Constitution of 1833. The following is the only intelli-
gence of any moment communicated from the north of
Europe :

ST. PETERSBURG, MAY 25.—Count Nesselrode is to leave Petersburg,
on the 2d of next month, and goes to Berlin, where he will stop a week,
and then proceed to Carlsbad, where he will remain till the Emperor
return from the South of Germany. ➢I. V. Brunoff, and three other
officers:of the Foreign Department, will accompany the Vice_ChancrL
lor. M. V. Budowoneki will conduct the affairs of the Foreign Depart-
ment, during the Count's absence. :As far as we know here, the Emperor
will stop a fortnight at Berlin, then accompany the Empress to Silesia,
and spend three weeks with her there. From Silesia his Majesty thinks
of going to Warsaw, whence he will return to Silesia to accompany the
Empress to Kreuth, near Munich, after which, their Imperial Majesties
will again honour Berlin with their presence, and then return direct to
this city, so that we may hope to have the Imperial family again amongst
us in the course of Cctober.

AUSTRIAN FUND.3.—VIENIVA, JUNE 2.
Five per Cents. Metalliques
Fear per Cents.
Three per Cents.
82.4
Rank Shares
1154
—Allgemeine Zeitung, June 7.

CHANCERY COURT.-(THIS DAY%

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY (THIS DAYI:7'IVELVE O'CLOCIC.
Yesterday we had numerous arrivals ; to-day we have very few, and
most of them old dates, consequently we are without news.
Consols closed yesterday with an improvement at 95 to A for the July
Account ; Reduced, 934 ; opened this morning at 95A ; Exchequer
Bills, 70 prem. ; India Bonds, 74 ; Bank Stock, 2054.
In the course of yesterday the Foreign Exchanges have not materially
altered in their prices, but their tendency is rather on the decline.
The Foreign Market continued slack during the whole of yesterday,
and this morning the market continues in the same state. Spanish Ac-
tive 21 j L 7,, with Coupons; Portuguese, 35 3G; ; Three per Cents. 231-
24; ; Brazilian, 79} SO ; Mexican, 25 261; Columbian, 274 ; Dutch
Two-and-a-Half, 55 4.
Money is scarce in the house ; 3 to 4 per cent, is given.
Since the above has been written Consols have become rather heavy,
and receded from 95 to Ato 94 ; ; Spanish Active also lower ; re_
ceded from 21 j ; to 21 A.
I'ItICEs OF' STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Hank Stock
21)5 , I
per Cent.idia
••
3 per Cs
933% 54, % ; Ilanas .
r.t. Cons.
........ South Sea
D 94 per Cent.
.. ~ . •... ... . ... old knr,r,:rh,
itto 14, . I ..................... 10, 14 I k w Di'
New '

_...,,4 pet Ccns
New 5 per Cent.. ......
L I;Annultlest. ex.. re
Jan. 5, 1860— ........ 15 3-41 M
Oct. 1!),
..... „,„.„,
Jan. 5, 1.3(4,
rzn. 5, ........... ......• --
Apr:l 5, 168,
Jan ' .
PRICES OF SHARES TiH,

. Oi
tto
3 ;,,er Cent. Anniiitieg, 1751_ _
Exch. Bills, ..C..1,: 0
1 Ditto..... .. ....fit,
Ditto Small ...... ell 68
Ditto Commerciai . .... 811
Ditto Advertised ........ ... •_ prr
5,,,k !4cotii. for Aceowst... ..... ---
Ind:a Iltocli ft,: Accioont..
C'nw"i rm. a r••••~,t
_!S DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
P..id. Per .••hare.
British Iron Company
50 s.ealdcl Monte Mining Co., Registered 631. loe. M 9Mt.
Ditto Unregistered
El,tern Counties Railway — 11%
........ .. 5 3,5,
Great Western Railway Company 65 4!4 Brighton Railway Company
ii% 4
yi
London and Blackwall Railway
s!i
London and Southampton (New) Railway
10 27% Altmchestor and Birmingham Railway 7 Do. Do. Extension
York and North Midland Railway Company l2
Asphalte, Claridge's Patent 11
Do British
1 4141,4
Do. United States...
2
Bitumen, Bastenne and Gaujac 3t4
National Provincial Bank of England (New) 12 1
10
lIALF-PAST ONE.
The Exchange comes from Rio Janeiro 29 ; Stocks 87. Since the early part of the morning the Consol
market has become
heavy, and Consols Dave receded to 941, sellers. For the July Account
we understand that the Hebrew party have been selling for these two
days past.

Consols at present may be quoted at 941 ; Reduced, 931 1 ; Excise.
quer Bills lower, 70 68 prem. ; India Bonds higher, 74 76 prem. ; Bank
Stock, 205.
In the Foreign Market very little doing. Spanish Active rather
heavy 211 with Coupons ; Portuguese as in the morning, 351 to 36 ;
Three per Cents., better 231 24; Brazilian, lower, 791 So; Colum-
bian, 27} ; Mexican, 251 ; Dutch Two-and-a-balf per Cents. 541 5a
In the Share Market very heavy. Great Western, 19 pre.;
Brighton, a prem. ; Bastenne, 1 discount.; Clariege's Asplialte, m 2
prem. ; United States, 1 prem.

THREE O'CLOCK

Consols for Account, 941
BRITISH FUNDS.
dw.rikA.10011:11,rnni0uu.:ip.i.t.t.g.i.i.e.e...5.5.......i.................................
......
p.pz
TII E FUND S . —: I:1
Ditto
tt
ttSoott
StockttloosoN l G PRICES.
Bank Stock 20,357 i,
Dittolnd i a Stocknotis: : .. ..
..................................
.76
3 per Cent. Red
3 per Cent. Cons
........
3,„i per Cent
......... ..
lel 14 .Ex. Bills, 1,C001.......21,;(1 .. 68 re
It 4 per Cent. Red
New 3t4 per Cent
r 1'
02V'
'BaDDnkii
ClrodnisaoiSstofirk for.,,t
.... c..t...................:2%
1,14
Long Annuities to expire
Oct. 1850
....... .....
Jan. 1860
FOREIGN FUNDS
Austrian, 5 per cent — Portuguese Rands., 5 per cent..
Belgian, 5 per cent — Ditto !Veit, Ditto ... 36
Brazilian Bonds 7914 Pruasian, 5 per cent
Buenos Ayr..s, 6 per cent......, -- Russian Bonds, 5 per cent —
Chilian, 6 per cent — Ditto, Metallic. .
Colombian.), 6 per cent — Slianish, 5 per cent 2IX,
Ditto, 1824 — Ditto, Consoldated
Danish, 3 per cent . 74. t. French, 5 pert cent.
Greek Bands, 1825, 5 per cent. Exchange
Mexican, 5 per cent ... ............ French, 3 per cent
Ditto, 6 per cent., 182.,............ owe!), N per cent, 54%
Peruvian, 1825,6 per cent......., Ditto 5 per cent. • • look
(CLOSING PRICE OF SHARES.—(THIS DAY).
GEastern Counties 114 ii„.„
.................................... .
3N
reat Western RailwAy ............................................. 94
London and Brighton It tilway
11!,,
London and Black wall Railway , . O',Z
London and Southampton (New) ................
Manchester and Leeds Railway
4n'Etxlatielw.nsaiYon
ManDeliitetsoter and BDinitntl4n gh :
3i
York anti North Midland na i 1 vi, a y
Na Tonal Loan Fund .......... 11

IN TEE MATTER OF HALL, A SUPPOSED LUNATIC.
In this case, which has been several times before the Court, a palt"
had been presented to the Lord Chancellor, for a Commission of Lunar)
against a lady of the name of Hall. The petition had been heard op
former day, when we gave all the facts; and the matter was ordered tc
stand over, for tie lurpose of seeing whether some arrangement coul,
not be come to between the parties,
Sir WILLIAM HORNE said that no arrangement having been come t°,,
it now became his duty to oppose the Commission, which he did tll,l
the ground that it was altogether unnecessary, and would have the eflec
of depriving Mrs. Hall of the comforts that she now enjoyed.
Mr. IVIIITMARSII followed on the same side.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said he would dispose of the case Oil
first seal day after Term if some arrangement (which Ise thought would
be the better course) was not come to in the mean time. It certaill!Y
would be better for all parties a Commission should be avoided ; but in
order to effect that it must be clearly shown to his Lord'hir
that the person and property of the lunatic was properly taken care ei•
