SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

It is gratifying to learn that the French go-
vernment has for some time past been making
strong instances to the Cabinet of his Britannic
Majesty, with a view to the adoption of some
decisive measure in favour of the Constitutional
cause in Portugal, such as would terminate the
present revolting contest by restoring Donna
Maria, the legitimate heiress, to the throne. To
us it appears that there is no solid ground for
declining the proposal of M. de Talleyrand,
either in principle or in substantial policy.
" Non-interference" may be a sounding term,
but its real value in the European market has
been long since and re dly settled, so often
as the important intellt of any nation have
comeinto contest with it. The great standing
laws of international policy are eternal, be-
cause _they are founded on that first of all poli-
tical principles,—viz., the right of self-protection.
From the 16th century downwards, the course
of British policy has been frequently directed
by that just view of the rights of obligations of
the Sovereign. Queen Elizabeth interfered with
the Austro-Spanish House, and in favour of its
revolted subjects, by her military and naval
forces. Queen Anne interposed with an army
between the Austrian and French pretenders
to the crown of Spain, considering the suc-
cession of the former to be more advanta-
eous to British interests, and to the equi-
librium of power in Europe. France under
Louis XVIII. meddled with an hundred
thousand men between the Spanish Cortes and
the partisans of Ferdinand the Absolute ; and
England, under Mr. Canning's guidance, tole-
-ated this intrusion. Austria intermeddled be-
tween the Constitutionalists and Serviles of
Naples in (quere) 1822, as she did at the same
moment for the overthrow of liberty in Pied-
mont, and as she has done more recently, and
still continues to act on behalf of the Pope
against his persecuted subjects. England ac-
quiesced on all these occasions, and therefore
(tacitly at least) admitted the principle of inter-
ference, for sufficient causes. What did Mr.
Canning do in the case of the Spanish colo-
nies—the mother country fulminating against
them all the while, as so many nests of traitors
in open insurrection ? Why, he meddled not,
by reinforcing them with troops or squadrons,
but by recognizing them as independent states.
He interfered between Greece and Turkey by a si-
milar recognition. The Duke of Wellington in-
terfered between the Dutch and Belgians, and Lord
Grey has followed his example,by acknowledging
the latter to be an independent people. What
then is " non-interference r The shadow of a
shade—the echo of a sound—a miserable pre-
tence, resorted to by fraud or imbecility to suit
their several oecasions, but never worth a mo•
ment's thought when objects of real price to a
nation are put in the scale against it. The Duke
of Wellington—he does not deny the fact—
was on the point of meddling between Don
Pedro and Miguel, by declaring the latter wretch
to be rightful King of Portugal, and would have
meddled, as is pretty well known, to interrupt
the lawful Queen's expedition for the recovery
of her crown. Why would he have done so ?
Because the Duke of Wellington does not like
popular sovereignties. Then why should not
Lords Grey and Palmerston, being friends to
freedom, interfere by a recognition of Donna
Maria? The answer, we fear, must be, that
the Noble Lords are not so firm or resolute in
action as they are tasteful in the use of political
professions. We tell Lord Palmerston, that the
best interests of English commerce, and policy,
and reputation, as well as those of common
humanity, demand from Great Britain the re-
placing of the Queen of Portugal on her lawful
throne—and what is more, that the national
feelings and hopes of England are deeply
wounded by the delay of that necessary measure.
—Times.

The article in the Hamburg papers, ex-
tracted from the Berlin demi-official journal has
nothing in it of a warlike character, though ex-
pressed in terms on which our Conservatives may
construct their warlike speculations. It was
well known, from the beginning, that Prussia had
refused her co-operation in measures of coercion,
as well as her consent to the same measures,
against his Dutch Majesty. It is likewise well
known that, when invited to hold Venloo for
Holland, a perfect consent was given by France
and England to the advance of such a Prussian
force to the Meuse as would accomplish that
object, and act as a corps of observation on the
conduci, cf the Allies. Nothing more is stated
in the article in question, which we thus surren-
der into the hands of the Conservatives, with a
perfect conviction of its total inaptitude to do
any mischief, or to excite any alarm.— Times.
Law is the perfection of reason ; lawyers are the
depositaries of law ; ergo, lawyers are the per-
fection of reasoners. There is a syllogism for
poor Doctor Ryan, who has just tasted the sweets
of law and reason in a decision of the Court of
Common Pleas, the spirit of which decision is,
that whereas it is a venial offence to publish a
libel, provided you have written it, yet it is an
aggravated and grievous offence to publish the
same libel, provided you have not written it.
Mr. Wakley, of the Lancet, writes and publishes
an attack on Doctor Ramage ; Mr. Wakley is
prosecuted, and fined one farthing. Doctor Ryan,
of the Medical Journal, republishes the same
attack ;—he is prosecuted, and fined four
hundred pounds ! This may be law, but is it
the perfection of reason ?—is it the perfection
of justice ?—is it even an approach to common
sense ? Doctor Ryan, as was natural under the
circumstances, applied for a new trial, after the
stupid ignorant Jury had found him more guilty
because he was less concerned in the offence
than the original writer anti publisher. One of
his pleas was excess of damages ; for, comparing
the two decisions of the same Court, the farthing
and the four hundred pounds, it seemed reason-
able to conclude that, if it was only for the sake
of its own consistency, the Court would be willing
to grant a rehearing,
The Court, however,
as would seem from the report, did not
so much as allude to its own predica-
ment in the case ; and even the Counsel
touched but
slightly, if at all, upon this,
in the eye of reason and abstract justice, itsn
most important feature. Such a difference is
there between the moral and the legal perception
of right and wrong, that the Judges saw more
necessity for weighing the comparative testimony
given on a minor point, anti making the issue
depend on that testimony, than for grappling
with the real difficulty and hardship of the case,
as instanced in the extraordinary disproportion
and reversal of the rule of punishment. We do
not mean to question the legality of this mode
of proceeding, but we claim for ourselves and
our fellow subjects the right of astonishment at
inconsistencies which appear to be recognised
almost as matters of course in our tribunals,
anti which degrade the character of public jus-

tice by showing upon what accidents it may de-
pend, and by what caprices it may be influenced.
The law of libel, as it exists at present, is one
of the evils which must be corrected, and we

hope it will be corrected soon ; but in the mean
time we think the medical profession are bound
to step in between Dr. Ryan and the verdict
which is now confirmed against him. It was to
vindicate the respectability of the profession,
and discountenance the supporters of Mr. St.
John Long, that he copied the article into his
work. Will they allow him to be sacrificed for
such an attempt, under circumstances so pecu-
liarly entitled to consideration ? We cannot be-
lieve that there would be any difficulty in raising
a subscription amongst the faculty for this pur-
pose, and we are sure it would be no disgrace
to Dr. Ryan to accept of such a public testi-
mony to the hardship of his case, and the vali-
lity of his claim upon the members of his own
profession.—Morning Herald.
At the meeting of Middlesex electors in the
city yesterday, the conduct of Lord Henley and
the gentlemen of his Committee, Who charge
Hr. flume with Atheism, was loudly and une-
quivocally condemned. Several Dissenters ex-
pressed great indignation, that it should be given
out that the body were so base as generally to
support a man like Lord Henley. Several Dis-
senters are, we know, determined to support no
candidate who is not prepared to vote for the
immediate abolition of slavery. Lord Henley,
aware of this, caused it to be intimated to the
Dissenters that he was ready to pledge himself
on this subject. It appears, however, that in his
circular letters to the West Indians he held ano.

ther language. His Lordship is determined to
hold with the hare and run with the hounds. A
large sum—we understand nearly 3001.—was
subscribed at the meeting towards the expenses
of Mr. Hume's election. Great stress was laid

by Mr. Warburton on the quality which Mr.
Hume possesses in so eminent a degree, namely,
moral courage ; and deservedly. We have often
been struck with the extraordinary want of it
among the higher classes. A man who suffers
himself to be turned aside from his purpose from
the silly dread of a sneer or the shrug of a shoul-
der, is the most dependent of human beings.
At one time there was hardly a Lord or Com-
moner who was proof against the sneers of the
Princess of Lieven. Mr. Hume has given an
example of what may be done by any one who
has the courage to pursue his own straight-for-
ward course, looking neither to to the right nor
to the left.—Morning Chronicle.
We received yesterday the Prussian State
Gazette of the 11th and 12th of November.
That of the 11th is so far important, as it ex-
presses a disapprobation of the steps taken by
England and France with regard to Holland
and Belgium. The State Gazette is strictly
official, and its language therefore is of some
consequence at this time. " His Majesty the
King," it says, " conformably to the declara-
tions that he has made on every occasion, and
in concert with Austria and Russia, has caused

notice to be given to the Governments of Eng-
land and France, that he must refuse to these
coercive measures not only all kinds of co-opera-
tion, but also his assent ; and that, on the con-
trary, he has resolved to place a corps of ob-
servation on the Maese, in order to be ready,
on the entrance of a French army into Belgium,
to avert the eventual consequences which the
intended military operations might have with
respect to the tranquillity of Germany." This
is stong language to be used towards France
and England in the face of Europe. Gen.
Muffling has been ordered to complete the 7th
Corps of the army to the full, and to hold
himself in readiness to march. It is clear that
the steps taken by England and France have
caused considerable chagrin to the three Allied
Courts of Austria, Prussia, and Russia ; but
still, in spite of all this ordering of corps, and
calling out reserves, on the part of Prussia, we
have not the least idea that the least step will be

taken of a hostile character against France and
England. It can hardly be doubted, however,
that the publication of offensive language like
that of the Prussian State Gazette, at this time,
will confirm the world in the belief that the
three Courts have been insincere all along, and

that Prussia must have mixed herself up in
some way or other, under the rose, with the
King of Holland.—Morning Chronicle.

Our limits this day will only permit us to
point the attention of our readers to two of the
most important articles in our columns: the first,
the meeting in favour of Mr. Hume; the se-
cond, the Lincoln Reform Festival, at which
Mr. Tennyson again advocated those principles,
with his usual eloquence and talent, which have
already insured his election for Lambeth. We
may touch on the latter hereafter. 'With regard
to the meeting in favour of Mr. Hume, it was
every thing that his best well-wishers could de-
sire. It not only re-echoed his sentiments and
was unanimous in his favour, but repelled, with
just indignation, the disgraceful accusations which
have been made against him, and entered into a
liberal subscription, in order to support him in
his election. It acted, in fact, as every meeting
of true Englishmen invariably does,—it did jus-
tice to the wronged, and hurled back on the
slanderer the unfounded calumnies which he had
uttered. We have been told that there is no

hope of Mr. Hume succeeding in his election ;
but we cannot—we will not—believe it. It
would be a disgrace to the county of Middle-
sex—it would be -a disgrace to the country—to
send him elsewhere in search of a seat.—Morn-
ing Advertiser.
By the Hamburg Mail which arrived last
night we have received very important informa-
tion from Berlin. In the State Gazette we
have the official announcement of the determina-
tion of Prussia to enter Belgium simultaneously
with the entrance of the French. " His Ma-
jesty the King," says his official organ, " con-
formably to the declaration which he has made
on every occasion, and in concert with Austria
and Russia, has caused notice to be given to
the Governments of England and France that
he must refuse to these coercive measures not
only all kind of co-operation, but also his assent;
and that, on the contrary, he has resolved to
place a corps of observation on the Maese," &c.
What, in the face of this, is to be said to the
cold and naked falsehoods of those Ministerial
Prints who have been daily reiterating the asser-
tion, as from authority, that the other Powers
assented to the measures proposed to be taken
by France and England ? And further, what is
now to become of the mendacious pretext that
the war has been undertaken to preserve peace,
when such a conflict of opinion and the pre-
paration for a general war were known to be
awaiting the aggressors on the very threshold of
their enterprise ? At this moment, if the
French have not halted in their so vaunted pur-
pose, the hostile armies (hostile at least in
spirit) of Prussia and France are almost in pre-

sence of each other, upon the soil which ha-
drunk the blood of a hundred conflicts, and in
the same interminable course of resistance to a
restless and aggressive French ambition. The
same arrival brings private letters, evidently writ-
ten to answer a purpose, assuring us that the best
understanding exists amongst all the Powers, and
that no war is expected.—Morning Post.

COURT OF EXCHEQUER, Nov. 16.

REX V. ROBERT BUCHANAN.

Mr. WRAY moved for an order of this Court to
stay in the hands of the Sheriff a sum of money
which he held under the following circumstances :
The defendant had been sued by a person named
James Nightingale, and had been regularly out-
lawed on that process. When the plaintiff had ob-
tained the King's warrant for the seizure of the de-
fendant's pay, the defendant died. The fact was
discovered before the consent of the Attorney-Ge-
neral for the payment over of the money had been
made, and another parry, interested in the fund, had
moved that the money might be stayed in the hands
of the Sheriff. By the death of the defendant, the
outlawry which had issued against him was deter-
mined. By that outlawry it was true the goods
had been forfeited to the King, but the King was
not beneficially interested in the fund till it had gol
into the Treasury under an order of this Court, and
the authorities had determined that, under these
particular circumstauces, these goods would belong,
not to the King, but to the representatives of the
deceased party. The question therefore for the
Court was, whether they would allow the money to
be paid over, as the party interested had intervened
in time to prevent it ? `fhe first order to stay the
payment of the money was made in July last, and
was to continue till this time. He now applied to
the Court to extend the time for staying the money
in the hands of the Sheriff.—The motion was
granted.
