THE ARMY.

The household brigade of Infantry were reviewed yes.
terday morning, in Hyde Park, by General Lord Hill,
Commanding-in-Chief.
The brigade was composed of the second and third bat-
talions of the Grenadier Regiment of Guards, and the first
battalion of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards.
The second battalion of the Grenadier Regiment of
Guards was under the command of Colonel S. G. Wood-
ford. The third battalion of the Grenadier Guards was
commanded by Lord Saltoun, and the first battalion of the
3d Regiment of Foot Guards was commanded by Colonel
Keate ; the brigade was under the command of Colonel
Clitherow.

The battalions marched to the ground at half-past ten
o'clock, and took up their position in contiguous column
of columns.

At eleven o'clock the brigade wheeled up into line, and
took open order.
Shortly after General Lord Hill, Commanding-in-
Chief, attended by his staff, and accompanied by the Duke
of Cumberland and several General Officers, arrived on the
ground, and was received with presented arms.
General Lord Hill, escorted by a very numerous and
splendid military cortege, then rode up to the right of the
line, passed down the front, up the rear, and afterwards
took his station in front of the centre of the brigade.
The battalions of the brigade took close order, and
wheeled back into open column right in front.
The brigadt, next marched past, in review order, in slow
and quick time.

The brigade, on its arrival on its original ground, pro-
ceeded to perform a variety of movements and evolutions.
The enemy is supposed to be posted in the rear of the
wood, which is occupied by his advanced guard of infantry.
The cavalry picquets are imagined to be posted on the
plain to its right.
The light infantry being sounded to the front, com-
menced a brisk fire on the enemy, but was driven back;
the advance of the enemy is checked by the fire of the
right battalion. The cavalry of the enemy advanced in
force, supported by infantry, and made a formidable attack.
The columns of the brigade wheeled to the left, formed
squares, fired, front rank kneeling, and repulsed the
cavalry.

The brigade reformed columns, retired in column,
formed in echellon of lines, advanced in echellon, formed
squares from lines, repulsed the cavalry, and retired.
The enemy advanced to force the position, the brigade
formed a general line, fired, and charged, the light in-
fantry was thrown forward to pursue the retreating enemy,
whose reserves advanced from the wood, threatening the
right.
The brigade changed front of the right, the right and
left battalions attacked the wood, and forced the position,
the brigade formed into two lines, with the right resting
on the wood.

The light infantry were recalled, the left of the lines
were thrown back by echellon, the brigade resumed its
original position, took open order, advanced in line, and
gave the general salute.
Lord Hill rode forward, and addressing Colonel Clithe-
row, expressed himself highly gratified at the distinguished
manner in which the evolutions and manceuvres were
executed by the brigade. It was undoubtedly a grand
military spectacle.
Lord Hill, attended by his Staff, then left the ground.
There was a vast concourse of people in the Park, and a
brilliant display of beauty and fashion.

Mr. BRUNEL had a long interview with the
Duke of WELLINGTON yesterday, respxting the Thames
Tunnel.

The father of MARIA MARTEN last week
visited Bury Hospital, for the purpose of indulging his
curiosity with the sight of CORDER'S skeleton, and depo-
sited a shilling in the box. The fatal pistol with which
the murder was inflicted has been presented to the Hospital
by HART LOGAN, Esq., the High Sheriff at the time of
the trial, and is exhibited in the case.— Cambridge Chron.
TRADE OF PAISLEY.—Some time since we
mentioned that a slight improvement had taken place in
the shawl trade of Paisley, but we regret to state that it
was of short duration. In April a new, rich, and near),
plain fabric was introduced, called a " Quaker's Shawl,"
which, for some time, did pretty well. On the settlement
of the great political and religious question, that had so
long engrossed the attention of all classes, other two rich
and attractive new patterns were exhibited, which were
called " Emancipation.' and "Reconciliation" Shawls,
and they also sold briskly for a short time. The sales of
these, however, and all other kinds of shawls, fell dreadfully
off, and consequently produced a corresponding reaction in
the trade of Paisley. No great stir is now expected before
September, when the merchants will begin to order their
winter fabrics, and some experienced manufacturers are of
opinion that there will be no substantial improvement be-
fore February,—Scotsman.

MEXICO, MARCH 13, 1826.
SlR,—The possibility of introducing a system
of free labour into the West India Islands hav-
ing been so much discussed in England, I con-
ceived that it might not be uninteresting to his
Majesty's Government to receive some details
respecting the result of the experiment in this
country, where it certainly has had a fair trial.
I accordingly took advantage of Mr. Morier's
Prolonged stay here to visit the Valley of Cuer-
navaca, and Cuantla Amilpas, which supplies a
great part of the federation with sugar and coffee,
although not a single slave is at present employ-
ed in their cultivation.
I have the honour to enclose a sketch of the
observations which I was enabled to make upon
this journey, together with such details as I have
thought best calculated to shoW both the scale
upon which these estates are worked, and the
complete success with which the abolition of
;lavery has, in this instance, been attended.
I have the honour to be, &c.
(Signed) H. G. WARD.
The Right Hon. George Canning.
(ENCLOSURE.)
The valley, which extends almost uninter-
ruptedly from Cuernavaca to Cuantla Amilpas,
and Jyncar (covering a space of about forty
miles), is situated on the road to Acapulco, at
the foot of the first range of mountains by which
the descent from the Table Land towards the
South-West commences, about fifty miles from
the capital.
It is about 2,000 feet lower than the Table
Land of Mexico. The difference of tempera-
ture is proportionably great, so that two days
are sufficient to transport the traveller into the
very midst of Terra Caliente.
The vicinity to the capital was probably one
of the circumstances which induced the first
planters to establish themselves in this district.
The richness of the soil, and the abundance of
water which they found throughout the plain,
convinced them that they could not have made a
better choice.
It is believed that the sugar-cane was first
planted there about 100 years ago ; from that
time the number of sugar-estates has gone on in-
creasing, until there is now hardly an acre of
ground on the whole plain which is not turned
to account.
The cultivation was originally carried on en-
tirely by slaves, who were purchased at Vera
Cruz, at from 300 to 400 dollars each.
It was found, however, that this system was
attended with considerable inconvenience, it be-
ing impossible to secure a sufficient supply of
slaves during a war. The losses, likewise, at
all times, were great, as many of the slaves were
unable to support the fatigue and changes of
temperature to which they were exposed on the
journey from Vera Cruz to Cuernavaca, and pe-
rished, either on the road, or soon after their ar-
rival.

Several of the great proprietors were induced
by these circumstances to give liberty to a certain
number of their slaves annually, and, by encour-
aging marriages between them and the Indians
of the country, to propagate a race of free la-
bourers, who might be employed when a supply
of slaves was no longer to be obtained.
This plan proved so eminently successful that
on some of the largest estates there was not a
single slave in the year 1808. The policy of the
measure became still more apparent on the break-
ing out of the Revolution in 1810.
The planters who had not adopted the system
of gradual emancipation before that period saw
themselves abandoned, and were forced, in many
instances, to give up working their estates, as
their slaves took advantage of the approach of
the insurgents to join them en masse; while
those who had provided themselves with a mixed
cast of free labourers, retained, even during the
worst times, a sufficient number of men to enable
them to continue to cultivate their lands, although
upon a smaller scale.
The insurrection, however, proved highly in-
jurious to the proprietors in general. Most of
them were Europeans, and, as such, particularly
obnoxious to the insurgents ; and, although by
coalescing amongst themselves, and maintaining
a considerable armed force fbr their defence,
they prevented the enemy on several occasions
from entering the valley, they found it impossible
to secure their communication with the capital,
and were thus often deprived of the only market
for their goods. In the year 1814, too, the
siege of Cuantla, which Monelos had occupied,
and which he defended for three whole months
against the Vice-regal army under General Cal-
laja, spread destruction throughout the district.
Several of the Haciendas have not even yet
recovered the losses which they then sustained,
and some, which were quite ruined, have never
been rebuilt. In general, however, the last eight
years of comparative tranquillity have been suffi-
cient to restore things to their ancient state, and
I could not learn that the produce of the dif-
ferent estates about Cuernavaca had ever greatly
exceeded that of the last twelve months.
The scale upon which these estates are worked
is enormous. From a supposition that the ground
is exhausted by two successive crops, the Mexican
planters run into the contrary extreme, and
divide their sugar-lands into four equal parts, one
only of which is taken annually into cultivation.
The remaining three are turned to no account,
so that an idea may be formed of the extent of
an estate upon which so enormous a quantity of
land is allowed to remain unemployed.
The largest Haciendas in the neighbourhood
of Cuernavaca are those of Yemisco and San
Gabriel (both of which belong to the family of
Don Gabriel Yermo, an old Spaniard, famous
for the arrest of the Viceroy Sturrigaray in 1808,
with which the Mexican revolution may be said
to have commenced), 'Treinta Pesos, El Puente,
Meacatlan, San Easpar, and San Vicente Chi-
conquuc. Each of these estates produces an-
nually from 25,000 to 40,000 arrobas of sugar,
of 251bs. weight each (about 5,250,0001 b,,
taking 30,000 arrobas as the average produce) ;
and to this at least another million may be added,
for a number of other smaller estates not in-
cluded in this list.
The crops are usually most abundant, the cane
being planted much thicker than is customary in
Jamaica ; and the machinery, in the opinion of
Dr. Wilson, who accompanied me, and who has

The art of refining, though well understood,
is seldom or never carried beyond the first dc-
gree of the process, there being no demand for
double-refined sugar in the market ; and the
consequence is, that though abounding in sac-
charine matter, the article is for the most part
coarse in appearance, and of a bad colour.

The arro. ba of 25]bs. sells i❑ Mexico for about
three dollars, or two dollars'and a half, if not of
the. best quality. The great Haciendas expend
in wages to the workmen, and other current
charges, from 800 to 1,200 dollars a week.

It— often happens, however, that in a good
year the Sale of the molasses alone is sufficient
to defray this expense, so that the sugar remains
a clear profit.
For every arroba of sugar an equal quantity of
molasses is produced, which sells, at the door of
the Hacienda, for five rials and a half the arroba.
It is bought up by the proprietors of the small
distilleries, which abound to such a degree, that
in the neighbourhood of Cuernavaca alone
from 25,000 to 35,000 barrels of Chingarito (a
sort of rum) are made annually.
The distance from Cuernavaca to Cuantla is
about 25 miles ; and, with the exception of a
ridge of mountains which separates the two val-
leys, the whole intervening space is richly culti-
vated.

After passing through the village of Yantepec,
which lies at the foot of the mountain, there is
a constant succession of Haciendas, most of
which appear admirably kept up.
The most remarkable in the.district of Cuantla
are San Carlos, Pantitlan, Cocoyoc, Calderon,
Casasano, Santa Ines, Cohahuistla, Napastlan,
and Yenestepango, none of which produce less
than 30,000 arrohas of sugar annually, while the
annual produce of some (Cohahuistla and Ye-
nestepango) may be estimated at from 40,000
to 50,000.

The Haciendas of Cocoyoc and Pantitlan
enjoy the additional advantage of being not only
sugar but coffee estates.

Their owner, Don Antonio Velasco, intro-
duced, at a great expence, from Cordova, the
cultivation of this plant, which has succeeded
perfectly. He has now upon his two estates
upwards of 200,000 plants, 50,000 of which are
already in full vigour. The produce of the last
year amounted to 5,000 arrobas, or 125,000 lbs.
of coffee, and, as a great number of the young
plants will begin to bear this year, it is supposed
that the amount will be more than doubled.

Coffee is now selling at seven dollars the
arroba in Mexico. Its cultivation would there-
fore prove indefinitely more advantageous than
that of the cane, if the demand were equally
great. But coffee is by no means in general
use in this country, nor is CuaHtla the only
place from whence this demand can be supplied.
There are immense coffee plantations in the
vicinity of Cordova, and the whole of the eastern
coast is of course supplied by the nearest market.
Were this not the case, the speculation would
prove a very lucrative one, as a coffee-estate of
200,000 plants does not require the constant at-
tendance of above 20 men, (to weed and water,)
and consequently entails upon the proprietor but
little expence.
The average produce of each tree may be esti-
mated at two pounds and a half.
The 3oung plants require great care and at-
tention, and must be protected from the sun for
two who]e years. For this purpose a large piece
of ground is covered in, which is called the
semillero. The third year the young trees are
transplanted to the open field, where they begin
almost immediately to produce something, and
the fourth they may be reckoned in full vigour.
They last from 25 to 30 years.

I-saw most of the Haciendas enumerated in
the preceding list ; but was struck with none so
much as with Santa Ines, which is beautifully
kept up. It is almost the only estate which pos-
sesses a large distillery, which produces from
4,000 to 4,500 barrels of Chingarito every year.
The barrel i❑ Mexico is worth 24 dollars,
with duties and carriage deducted ; an idea may
be formed by this of the immense annual value
of the estate.

Cohahuistlan might be still more productive,
as it is much more extensive, and commands a
greater supply of water, but it is not done
justice to. The estate belongs to the convent
of Dominican Friars ; and as the Abbot is
changed by the rules of the order every three
years, the overseers of the Hacienda are usually
changed with him, and they consequently allow
every thing to go to ruin.

In general, the fertility of an estate depends
entirely upon the supply of water ; the produce
of those which have only enough for irrigation,
and are forced to work their wheels by mules,
will seldom be found, whatever may be the
quality of the soil, to amount to one-third of
those which can command a sufficient supply for
both purposes.

In 'the quality of the soil there is but little dif-
erence. The average annual produce of all the
estates it would hardly be possible to compute.
The greatest part of it is sent to the capital,
from whence it is distributed to the different pro-
vinces ; muleteers, however, often come direct
from the interior.

It is a curious fact that an immense quantity
of sugar is yearly remitted to Vera Cruz, not
for exportation, but for the home consumption
of a province which might produce sugar enough
to supply all Europe, if it chose to turn to ac-
count the advantages with which nature has so
richly endowed it.

The most remarkable circumstance, however,
is the total abolition of slavery in a district where
such a mass of colonial fruits is produced, and
the success with which the introduction of free
labour has been attended ; it is this which has
induced me to lay these observations before his
Majesty's Government, awl to hope that they
may be esteemed not wholly unworthy of its at-
tention, (Signed) H. G. WARD•
