THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT GARDEN.

The Public is respectfully informed, that the
PRESENT 111ANAGENIENT WILL TERMINATE

WITH THIS SEASON ;
The following Programme is therefore given. •f its final ar-
rangements :
The Standard Plays, as brought out at this Theatre, will
each be performed once more, viz.:—
THE TWO FOSCARI, lON, aid WERNER.

THTS EVENING, MAY 17,
Will be performed the New Play, in Fire Acts, galled
RICHELIEU, OR 'I HE CONSPIRACY,
Written by Sir E. Lytton Bulwer, Bart.
The Characters by
Mr. Elton, Mr. Diddear, Mr. Macready, Mr. Warde, Mr. km-
derson, Mr. Vining. Mr. Roberts, Mr. Phelps, Mr. G. Ben-
nett, Mr. Howe, Miss E. Phillips, Mr. Tilbury, Mr. Yar-
nold, Mr. W. h. Payne, Mr. C. J. Smith, Mr. Bender.
Mr. Paulo, Mr. Gough, Mr. Thorne, Mr. Brady, Mr. Bur-
det, Mr. Smith, Mr. Kirke, Mr. Hollingsworth, Mr. Wal-
dron, Mr. Ayliffe, Mr. Andrews, Mr. T. Matthews, Miss
Vandenhoff, Miss Charles, Mesdamee Reed, Corder, Lee,
Valanduke, Mathews, Mew, and Morgan.
After which, the New Dramatic Romance, ealled
AGNES BERNAUER, THE MAID OF AUGSBURG.
After which, the New Farce, in One Act, Sailed
SAYINGS AND DOINGS.
To-Morrow there will be no performance.

ROYAL SURREY EATRE.
The Greatest Attraction a London— THthose distinguished Vo-
calists Miss Romer, Mr. Templeton, and Mr. Balfe, aided
by a Double Chorus and Increased Band from the Theatre
Royal Drury Lane. Brilliant and overflowing Houses.
THIS EVENING, MAT 17,
Will be presented Bellini's Opera of
Coln, LA SONNAMBULA.
Rodelph, Mr. W. Balfe ; Elvin°, Mr. Templeton ;
Amina, Miss Romer.
After which, the Burletta of

NO!
L•
e/.rederick, Mr. H. Bedford. VIDOCQoncle ith the Meo-Drama udEv
l
4. FRENCH POLICEof SPY.

-47,,,..,=, ~--t-,4‘
,4‘ ' vio. ~ rfi•
-- l's.c.r.t
:tV',,.
lA.. -.•- ~.q_k, '4l-
%$<
...-- - N 0......
, ...,
,--.:a.::_:-.. . ,
'-C);,,vf..,

Zln atn.

LONDON :
FRIDAY, MAY 17, 1839.

;,alp, ~

The Peers' met yesterday but only to adjourn, like the
Commons, to the 27th instant. Lord BROUGHAM took
the Opportunity of presenting a petition in favour of the
Glasgow Cotton-spinners, whom he recommended to the
merciful consideration of the Government. Several pe-
titions in favour of a penny postage were also presented.

Some of the Tory papers assert that the Ladies
of the Household, connected with the Whigs, ought
to have resigned with their husbands and brothers ;
and they are vilified by the Tory scribes, for not
having done so. It has, however, been stated, and
we believe correctly, that the Marquis of TAVIS-
'r,OCK intimated to the Duke of WELLINGTON
tnat his Marchioness should resign, and the Mar-
chioness of NORMANBY actually tendered her re-
signation. No doubt, too, the rest of the Ladies
would have resigned in time, as they saw her MA-
JESTY reconciled to the new associates forced on her
by the Tories, had they fixed themselves in office, and
had her MAJESTY not expressed a very strong opinion
against their resignation. When the Marchioness
Of NORMANBY tendered her resignation, her MA-
JESTY declined to accept it, and is said to have
then observed, 6' I HAVE DEFERRED, AND AM
ALWAYS WILLING TO DEFER, TO THE WISHES
OF THE PEOPLE, BUT I WILL NOT GIVE UP
EVERY THING TO A PARTY, NOR BE THE
SLAVE OF A FACTION." Her MAJESTY gave
all her Ladies plainly to understand that she did
not wish them to resign—that she would not accept
their resignations ; and they would have been as false
and faithless t
true toner to the QUEEN, as her MAJESTY was
own heart and the affections of her youth,
had th-.
,e.ir -Y persisted in resigning, and left her wholly
- oumnodredaii
The with new and strange companions.
loyalty and ti Of the Tories is on a par with their
was the dut their lova of liberty, for they assert it
Ladies, to 7, and would have been a virtue in the
havedoeserted their friend and benefac-
tress when
she more than ever required their services
and proofs of their devoted
hv affection.
The letters we
a
us
that e received from various quar-
ters satisfy
the people of England would
have seen, with great
apprehension, not to say
ENGLAND anxiety, the Queen of
wholly Sur-
rounded by the friends of the heir to the throne. We
sty nothing against the honour of any man or woman,
of p
but it is possible that some•prince ERNEST'S
Very zealous and ye!), religious friends, convinced,
perhaps, from the diatribes of
the Times, Herald,
Protestantism is endangered
by the QUEEN
Standard, and Co. that
being in possession of the throne, and
ready,
for all fanatics are, to sacrifice the obligations
of morality to promote what they are told, and what
they believe to be the service of cod, and promotinc,
. .t,
which is to ensure them eternal happiness---it is
possible, we will not say. it is probable, but
might it is possible, and have filled the
People with great apprehension, that some over
acalous, religious friend of Prince ERNEST,
were there no person but hhis friends about the
. QUEEN, might conclude that he or she was doing
an acceptable public service, and fulfilling a reli-
gious duty, by hastening Prince ERNEST'S acces-
sion to the throne of England. Those who dread
Prince ERNEST'S accession to power here as a sure
and great calamity, only performed a sacred duty
when they remained about her MAJESTY, and
would only have done their duty had they refused
to leave her till they were actually driven from the
Palace.

Such great pains have been of late taken by the
Priesthood of the Church of England to fanaticise
their followers, and their efforts hare been so zea-
lously seconded by the anti-Catholic and ultra-
Protestant press, that there would be just cause to
he alarmed for the life of her MAJESTY were she
surrounded only by those who have embraced the
politico-religious opinions taught at Exeter-
hall and by the Times and Standard. To
the zeal with which these opinions have been en-
forced Sir ROBERT PEEL is mainly indebted for
his political power, and he is their avowed organ.
lie is the head and representative of the bigots and
the Tories, and could only have placed persons
about the QUEEN who share, or hypocritically pre-
tend to share, in the bigotry and Toryism of his
party. The Duchess of KENT, who has not lost a

mother's rights, or a mother's watchful care, we are
well convinced, would have seen her daughter, with
the greatest anxiety and horror, surrounded exclu-
sively by the friends, partisans, and political fol-
lowers of the King of HANOVER. Fortunately
for the empire the over eagerness of the Tories to
clutch power has frustrated their own scheme, and
the resignation of Sir ROBERT PEEL has
.both
secured the public peace, and relieved the country
from daily apprehensions for her MAJESTY'S safety.

We have copied from a Welsh Paper, thinking
it our duty to take every opportunity to warn our
countrymen against violence, an article drawn up
by ALEXANDER SOMERVILLE, describing with
considerable force the immense disadvantages a po-
pulace, though armed, would have in a contest with
a disciplined force. Such facts as he states cannot
be too strongly impressed on the people, in order to
deter them from incurring the certain destruction to
which, for no adequate object, they would expose
themselves. At the same time we feel bound to

inform those who might be disposed, from relying
with implicit confidence on obtaining an easy vic-
tory over the multitude, to goad them into outrage
by adding insult to oppression, that Mr. SOMER-
VILLE does not probably take a complete view of
the warfare which would be carried on, if the in-
citement of some foolish leaders, and any injudi-
cious harshness on the part of the authorities, were
to drive the Chartists into rebellion. In their mani-

fest° they say—" The once boasted manufacto•
ries of England will perish by an agent soldiers
cannot cope with, nor policemen avert." They
think of other means of warfare besides engaging
in the open field with artillery. A population uni-
versally and thoroughly hostile, possesses so many
means of annoyance, when from despair they dis-
regard their own lives, that no Government should
deem it safe to oppress them from a conviction
that they can be easily subdued. With such a
population every line of communication must
be in their hands. A few pounds of
gunpowder, a crow-bar, and a sledge-hammer,
might suffice to blow up a bridge, and render a
rail-road impassable. It is impossible to exercise
a vigilance sufficient to controul and keep in check
a complete hostile population ; and, therefore, while
we warn the working classes (in Mr. SOMER-•
VILLE'S language) of what they will be ex-
posed to by an outbreak, we must also warn the
middle classes and the Government against driving
the bulk of the people to despair.
We still think, as we said yesterday, that this
condition of society cannot be cured by ordinary
means. In Parliament we see the stunted intellect
and narrow passions of a SIBTNORP and a
D uNGANNoN foremost in recommending coercion ;
in the Press, we find the simpering Post opening

its columns to the communications of some half or
whole pay officer on the advantages of the soldiers,
whenever they come into conflict with the people,
taking at once a sure and deadly aim, accord-
ing to order from the Horse Guards. If men
of large and comprehensive mind do not coun-
sel better courses—if humane and friendly spirits
do not step between the organised soldiers,
anxious to cultivate their trade, and the
violent leaders of the people thirsting probably
for notoriety, great and serious contentions, and

great calamities will overwhelm us. We think
with horror, of the dense and crowded population
of our towns coming into contact with the soldiery,
of the immense danger to property which must
ensue from its being surrounded with enemies, and
of the vast distress and misery, of the famine and
terror, which would result from the suspension of
traffic for one single week.

We have no hope that our priesthood, intently
engaged, under the name of preserving the rights
of the Church, in aggravating the public discord
and provoking calamity, will or can use any bene-
ficial influence in this peculiarly difficult posture of
our affairs. But there is another class of men who

have long been distinguished by their zeal in all
good works, who have shunned no danger and
spared no expense in setting free the slave and in
striking the axe and the halter from the hand of the
executioner. The beneficent and kindly beings
belonging to all sects and parties who have taken
the lead in ameliorating our criminal code, and in
extinguishing slavery, are now summoned, as it ap-
pears to us, to perform the nobler and more difficult
task of stifling contentions, and checking violence,
legal as well as illegal, in their native land. They
will in many cases, we are aware, have to conquer
their own prejudices, accustomed to look to the law,
and accustomed to rely on the law for protection ;
but the law has now lost much of its force, and

those who have contributed to bring it into dis-
credit must make up for its inefficiency by their
moral influence. They must in many cases, too, be
prepared to sacrifice their own presumed inte-
rest, for they belong to those classes of whose
oppressions the working classes complain, anti of
whose exclusive legislative power they demand a
share. Nevertheless as we are well convinced that the
working classes neither can nor ought to be sa-
tisfied with their present condition, and as we are
equally convinced that the course which they are
taking to attain their object, and the course the
Government and Magistrates are taking to put
them down, must in the end be most disastrous,
we earnestly implore the reflecting and intel-
ligent friends of humanity, to bethink them of in-

terposing and staying mutual violence, while they
demand justice, and see that justice be done. Un-
less they do bestir themselves, the cause of humanity
will be dishonoured in its chief seat, and the eman-
cipation of slaves be every where retarded.

According to the accounts we received last night
*rom Birmingham, several of the London Police
lad gone thither, and were watching the Conven-
;ion, dressed in coloured clothes. It was stated that

they were in possession of warrants to arrest some
of the leading members, and it was expected, should
any attempt to arrest them be made that it would
give rise to a disturbance. Several of the members
of the Convention, however, had left Birmingham,
which one of those who remained described as treat-
ing the Convention with great contempt. The affairs
of that body seem approaching a crisis.

Contemptible in all respects as is the new French
Cabinet, it is the prevailing opinion in Paris that it
will get through the present Session without change
or modification. The recent insurrection will work
upon the fears of the middling classes, and deter
them from sanctioning any policy which the organs
of the Court represent as fraught with the seeds of
another revolution. It matters little that M.
TIIIERS, M. °DILLON BARROT, and the other
independent Members of the Chamber, know or
suspect the real origin of the bloody drama which
has been again, for the fifth or sixth time, acted
in the streets of Paris since the accession of
LOUIS PHILIPPE. They, no less than the
Court parasites, must acquiesce in measures
openly or tacitly throwing all the blame upon the
people, instead of rightly attributing it to the bad
faith; petty intrigues, and despotical policy of the
KING. They are in the delicate situation of spec-
tators at the funeral of a father sent to the grave by
the bad conduct of a son impatient to succeed to
the possession of his wealth and worldly distinctions.
They must seem to sympathize with the affliction of a
person whom they know to be scarcelyable to conceal
the fullness of his joy. Were they to do otherwise, that
arch-hypocrite, the world, would denounce them as
devoid of every feeling that does honour to huma-
nity—as heartless monsters incapable of ap-
preciating the depth of Royal affliction,
and of sharing in the virtuous indignation
which all should feel against those who in any way
contribute to trouble the repose ofthKroiwngsa.s
much
Louis PHILIPPE will be able
dust as he
pleases
theets
dictated eyes of
bthe
the
oumultitude,tward
who always confound in
a nd
respect due to a sovereign from a subject—the homage
etiquette—with a voluntary and entire
acquiescence
er
rie prescribed b u
eey
in the measures that demandßut is our faith in the ultimate them.
triumph of the
French people, shaken by the events of the last
week ? Far from it. Though indignant at the ter-
giversation of the Chamber in preferring
for the
n preferring SAUZET
addresses as the
taod
pTtlionnE Rosf aass
mPraeosyideenrot,o
cahnidag
KING may . require, on the subject of the
late insurrection, we feel assured that the peo-
ple will eventually confound the miserable in-
trigues by which the KING has succeeded, for the
last eight years, in withholding from them the
fruits of their glorious Revolution. The trick of
treasonable plots will fail the Court at last.
The evocation orthe spirit of treason is dangerous
to the subtlest Royal magician, as that is a demon
easier to raise than to dismiss at pleasure. Of
this the occurrences which took place ,in Paris on
Sunday and Monday, must have convinced many

of the KING'S friends. Though several of the
insurgents were surrounded singly by groups of the
peaceable citizens,who persuaded them to desist from
an impossible enterprise,not a hand was stretched forth
either to disarm them or to make them prisoners.
The rich shop-keepers looked on with as much
unconcern as they would have regarded a perform-
ance at the Opera. Not a soul appeared to feel
that he had a duty to perform to the Government
in a season of so much peril. This is an ominous
circumstance, inasmuch as it proves that Louis
PHILIPPE is no longer the idol of the shopocracy
of Paris. Still the apathy of the people will not
affect the stability of the new Ministry, and this is
now the paramount consideration with the KING.
If he can manage to get through the present Ses-
sion, he will trust to his good fortune, his money,
and the chapter of accidents, to prepare the Court
to meet the more distant dangers.

The late attempt of Sir ROBERT PEEL to con-
stitute himself Mayor of the Palace, and play the
part of Viceroy over the QUEEN, has roused, as
was to be anticipated, the indignation of the people
from one end of the country to the other. We know
not which feeling is just now most predominant in
the popular mind—abhorrence of the projected des-
potism of the Tories, or admiration of the firm,
high-minded resistance of the QUEEN. Perhaps
we should say that both sentiments hold equal sway
over the people ; for we find. them both expressed
with unwonted energy in all the provincial speeches
and addresses that we have yet perused. At Liver-
pool—at Bristol—at Snenton—at Edinburgh—
at Brighton —at Newcastle —at Worcester
at Sheffield—at Truro—at Dublin, and generally
throughout Ireland :—at all these places, and nu-
merous others that we could mention, the language
held is, we repeat, significant and energetic in an
unwonted degree. The QUEEN is uppermost in
every one's mind, " Rally round the Throne,"
and " Down with the Tories," is the cry of every
one who takes the slightest interest in the well-
doing of his fellow-countrymen ! On this point,
Whig, Radical, and Chartist think and speak with
equal fervor.

After a display of strong feeling like this, who
shall talk of Tory re-action ? Who shall dare to
allege—as the faction has so often of late—that
the public have become indifferent to Reform, and
only wait a favourable opportunity to fling them-
selves into the out-stretched arms of Sir ROBERT
PEEL and his squad? Why,they are just now as eager
for Reform as ever they were during the memorable
period of 1832 I The late despotic conduct of the
Tories has roused all their worst apprehensions ;
confirmed all their strongest suspicions ; and put
them universally on the alert. We see no more
apathy—no more sullen, perilous inertness. The
present aspect of the people is one of vigilance and
determination. • Like a giant refreshed, they are
rising irresistible in their strength. Pray Heaven,
Ministers do nothing to check or blight these auspi-
cious impulses on the part of their fellow-country-
men I The game is now in their own hands. The
QUEEN is with them ; her subjects are with them ;
and they have only to be true to themselves,
and the illustrious Lady whom they serve, to suc-
ceed in every just and liberal measure they may
bring forward. As for difficulties, they must really
cease henceforth to urge any sorry excuse of this
sort ; for the people have had the phrase dinned
into their ears, till they are as sick of it as HENRY
the FOURTH was of the name of " MORTIMER."
An energetic, enlightened Government, so far
from taking fright at difficulties, should re-
cognise in them only a reason for exerting
renewed energy. In fact, there is no difficulty
so herculean but what may be overcome by
steadiness and resolution. Is the Aristocracy
the great stumbling-block in the path of Minis-
ters ? Let them bring the overwhelming moral
force of the people to bear upon it. Are they dis-
trustful of the continuous zeal of the country ? Let
them dare to deserve their good opinion, and they
will be sure to maintain it. Nothing can prevent
their success in any good measure they may under-
take, but a want of heart in themselves. Toryism is
at their feet, and at best can do no more than snarl
and growl, for the late " explanations" have had
the effect of drawing the teeth and paring the
claws of the monster.

Again, then, we say to Ministers, be firm
—be energetic—and, above all, place a manly,
generous reliance on the people, bearing in
mind, that it is for their benefit, and by their
agency, that you hold office. There are ro other
means that we know of, by which you can
maintain yourselves in power ; but these are all-
snfficient. Yes, even though Norwich, the
great and influential city of Norwich glo-
rious exception to a general rule I may
send up an address to her MAJESTY, lament-
ing in most pathetic terms the downfall of all the
Tory hopes—even though this most disinterested
city may array itself in solitary opposition to
Ministers, and launch the heavy thunders of its
Corporation at their head—a Liberal Government
need have nothing to apprehend, for, as we said
before, its means are all-sufficient for doing good.

In the Tory journals of this morning appears the
following announcement, which we copy verbatim :
"We are enabled to state that on Monday, the
27th instant, the Right Hon. HENRY GOULBURN
will certainly be proposed for the office of Speaker,
vacant by Mr. A nExcitomnY's resignation of the
Chair, and that the House will proceed to the elec-
tion at halt-past three o'clock exactly. We ear-
nestly hope that every Conservative Member will
be in his place on that day, to secure the election
of a candidate so eminently qualified as the
Right Honourable Gentleman is on all sides
admitted to be for the high and important office of
presiding over the debates of the Commons' House
of Parliament. There is, perhaps, no duty which
a Member of Parliament can be called upon to per-
form more important in itself, and involving con-
sequences of more importance to others, than the
one of which the discharge is, on this occasion,
required of him ; and assuredly it is one which
every constituency in this kingdom will demand a
strict account of, at the hands of their respective
representatives."
This bears upon the face of it the stamp of the
Carlton Club, and it is a proof that the defeated
faction are determined to put forth all their strength
on the question to which it relates. They are
stung to the quick—mortified beyond expression by
the signal discomfiture which they have sustained
from a quarter whence they least expected it, and
they imagine that an act of retaliation on the Crown
may be made under the pretext of discharging a
constitutional duty, which shall have the effect of
at once displaying their strength and retrieving
in some degree the disgrace which has
well nigh overwhelmed them. Every nerve
will therefore be strained to the utmost to ac-
complish their purpose by the election: of their
candidate for the Speakership, and we need not
add, that the country expects a corresponding
energy to be exhibited on the part of the Liberal
Members of the House of Commons, to place their
chndidate in the chair. The fact is, that unless
this great point is carried, and carried triumphantly
—unless the noble and constitutional stand which
her M AJESTY has made for the liberties of the people,
be seconded by a similar display of principle and
energy on the part of their representatives, that
stand will have been made in vain. Were the de-
cision of the question to rest on the respective
merits of SHAW LEYEVRE and HENRY GOUL-

BURN it would soon be settled, for the former pos-
sesses in a very high degree all the main requisites
for the office of Speaker, while the latter has not
one of them. But we know that with the Oppo-
sition, maddened too as they are at the present
moment, qualification goes for nothing. Every
consideration is swallowed up in party feeling ; it
is therefore the more necessary that every Liberal
Member should be at his post prepared to do his
duty on the day appointed.

The Chamber of Deputies has elected for its Vice-
Presidents MM. GANNERON and JACQUEMINOT, the
first a prominent member of the Coalition, and the se-
cond a regular Court hack, whose house is the focus of
every intrigue against the liberties of the French people.
They had an equal number of votes, namely 201—a fact
which has filled the new Ministry with apprehensions of
not being able to carry on the Government. It is
likewise stated in the Opposition journals that M.
TRIERS would have been elected President of the
Chamber bad not the Marquis of DALMATIE,
son of Marshal SOULT, ran about the Cham-
ber on Tuesday, telling the Deputies of the Left
and Left centre, that if TRIERS was President, the
Marshal would resign, and all France would be
plunged into a revolutionary anarchy. This being an
open violation of the Cabinet compact, leaving the Pre-
sidency an open question, is said to be resented by
11111. PALSY, TESTE, and DUFAURE, who boast of
having voted for TRIERS. A Cabinet (no more than a

house) divided against itself, cannot stand. But if it
land the Session, the KING will be contented.

On Wednesday, 70 of the victims in the late
insurrection were consigned to the grave. It was a sad
spectacle, but it excited among the people no horror of the
insurgents. On the contrary, their bravery was the
theme of universal eulogy wherever there was a crowd
assembled.

The Journal des Debats of Tuesday published a long
article, in the course of which it stated that the insur-
gents sought to prevail upon the heroic students of the
Polytechnic School to join them, but that the only an-
swer they received was a discharge of musketry, which
killed three of them and dispersed the rest. Upon this
statement the Debats founded a string of arguments all
tending to show the difference between the state of
France now and in 1830, and particularly dwelling upon
the immense popularity of Louis PHILIPPE. Unfor-
tunately for this correctness of the Debats' statements,
the Students of the School no sooner saw the article,
than they addressed in a body the following letter to
the Editor of that Journal :

" Mr. Editor—The Students of the Polytechnic School
feel bound to give the most strict denial to your assertions
of the 4th of May. According to your report they would
have had the infamy to fire upon an unarmed mass who de-
manded an asylum, and three men would have fallen under

their fire. This is totally false. They saw an unarmed
crowd, dragging a corpse, engage them to follow them in
friendly terms. They invited the crowd to retire, saying
that they could take no part in their quarrel. Persuaded
and deceived by their hopes, the crowd retired, when the
Municipal Horse Guard fell upon those that remained,
and killed two under the eyes of the indignant Polytechnic
School.

" This is a true relation of the affair.
;he authenticity of this upon our honour."

We guarantee

And this is the red hot loyalty trumpeted by the
Debats of Tuesday! Here is the strongest sympathy
expressed for the insurgents—the strongest indignation
at being thought capable of such a display of attach-
ment to Louis PHILIPPE, his Government, or his
dynasty. Nor are the students the only persons of
whose loyalty the Government Papers boasted, who
would flatly reject such commendations if they dared.
The Correspondent of the Post, in a letter, dated a
quarter to five o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, which
he begins by stating that during the day he had been
all over the city of Paris, asserts that not a person with
whom he conversed, except the Government hacks, who
did not admit the soldiers of the line were exceedingly
unwilling to perform their duty, and that the National
Guards displayed great indifference as to the result. He
continues If I had entertained a doubt before of
the unpopularity of Louis Plizzarres Government it
would have been removed by the late scenes. At such
a terrible moment one would have expected the univer-
sal cry of horror and indignation at such an attempt.
What do I hear ? Flaming eulogia on the bravery of
the heroes of May, the imitators of the July barri-
cades."

On Wednesday a Royal Ordinance was read to the
Chamber of Peers, constituting it a Court of Justice,
for the trial of the Insurgents. M. FRANK CANE is
appointed Procurcur.General, assisted by MM.
BOUCHY and NAUGUIER*. The trials are to commence
immediately, that the Co urt may have advantage of the
popular excitement.
It is said that unequivocal proofs have been disco-
vered that the plot was a Bonapartist affair. Be it
what it may, the Police had previous notice of its
existence, but the Court had its own reasons for allow-
ing it to develope itself. Can policy be imagined more
atrocious than this, amounting, as it virtually does, to
the inveigling men in plots with a view to bring their
necks under the knife of the guillotine ?

BOURSE, FARTS, WIDNESDAY, MAY 15.
HALF.PI.ST TTILEE.—This has not been a brisk day. For the
Account the Three per Cents. opened at 81f. 75c., fell to slf. 60c.,
and closed at 81f. 65c.. a fall of 20c. The Five per Cents. opened
at 1 1 lf. 50c., declined to I Ilf. 35c., sad closed at 111 E 45c., a
fall of 15c. For Money the Three and the Five per Cents. are 25c.
lower. The Bank of France Shares are 15f. lower. The Laffitte
Bask of I,ooof. Shares are sf. lower, and those of 5,000 f. are sf.
higher. The Belgian Five and Three per Cents. are unaltered.
The Spanish Active has continued at 20. The St. Germain Rail-
way Shares 2f. 50c.; the Havre 2f. 50c. ; the Orleans If. 26e., and
the Versailles Right Bank sf. lower, The Versailles Left Bank have
advanced sf.

First Highest Lowest Last

trice. Price. Price. Price.
French 5 per Cents ..... .. 1
11
25
... 111 23 ... 11l 15 ... 1.1 20
3 per Cents 61 60 .., 1 6,3 in 0
... si 45
Bank of France ... 2710 ...2710 ...2710 ...gm)
Laflitte Bank 1,600 f. Sh 1075 —.1075 „,1015 _1075
5000 f. Sh 5205 ...5270 ...5265 —5270
Belgian 5 per Cents 102 ... 102 ~, 102
....02
2 per Cents '7l 90 ... 72 90 ... 72 110 „.. 72 90
Bank ' 632 50 ... 032 50 „, 03r1 „, g.O
Spanish Ac.ive 2O ... 20 ..„ 20 ... 20
Neapolitan
... 102
RAILWAY SHARES.
St. Germain . ..
... 1.0
Versailles, It. B 755 ... 755 ...
L.E 21.0 ••• 2E37 50 ... 910 ... 225
Havre
... 965
... eO5
Orleans ,
Strasburg to Bale .....
ASFPIALTES AND BITU MEN&
Galvaniz.d Iron
DUTCH FUNDS.—ANSTERDAM, MAY 14
Money. Bills.
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
A wort Syndic, 4% per cent. 95 954
Ditto, ditto, 3% per cent 79 SO
Commercial Company, 4.4 per cent lBO% 160
Ditto (1632 and 1633) 5 per cent.
Ditto 1,137, 5 per sent.
Loan 1837, sier cent. 98% 99
Exchange on London, One month ll 95
Two months BJ
BELGIAN I' U NDS—Bacss6Lo, MAY 15
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent.
Ruthschild's Loan, 5 per Cent. l. 1%
Loan of Thirty Millions, 4 per Cent. ....
3 per Cent. ..... ... 72%
Lean of_Cilv. 1632.4 per Cent 92
Society of Commerce, 4 Sigel. Cent. i In
Bank of Belgium, b per Ceria....--.........-- HIM
National Society
—Brussels Papers, May 15.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—Vizsms, May 7
Five per Cents. Motalliques .........„ ................ .... 107%
Four per Cents. 102%
Three per Cents.
Bank Shares
._ 1503

... 480

---- ---- -- - .
—4llgemeine Zestung. May 12.1
HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, MAY 11.
Bills. Money.
Austrian 5 per Cents.
Bank Shares
An lo. Russian Loan ll'B 107%
Russian 5 per Cent. Ist series, Certificate
Inscription, Ist Series 102% 182
Russian 5 per Cent. Hop t and Lo. 11d and 4th
Se: ire
Ditto in Certificates
Dutch Actual Debt, 2% pe Cent 5314 53%
Ditto 6 per Cen' l' I
Poli4i Bond.
New : icket
Angle ,atiish Loan, S per Cent 71% 7214
Norwegian Loan, 1e34, 4 per Cent lOl% IL I%
PRUSSIAN FUNDS,—BERLIN, MAY 10.
Bills. Money.
St. Schuld. Sch., 4 per cent IO3N 102%
Prussian English Loan, Ittlo, 4 per cent 102% 102%
b:xchange on London, three months 6 2U%
—Prussian State Gazette. May li.

Letters from Bayonne of the 11th, stake that Es-
PARTERO and MAROTO were on the 7th inst. in pre-
sence of each other, but for eight days not a shot had
been fired. This is the Spanish mode of conducting
military campaigns. Don CARLOS, in commemoration
of his wife's birth-day, has published an amnesty as
comprehensive as the clemency of his dear Consort.
He excepted from this act of grace all those guilty of
treason Priest-murder coining incendiarism
smuggling—subordination—fraud—resistance of justice
—duel—or malversation of the finances! This should
be called the Princess of BEIRA'S amnesty for the inno-
cent. But we forget. Though smuggling is excepted
parricide is not. Well, then, call it an amnesty for
parricides.
