ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.
Immense overflows Lave been attracted by The Two New
Dramas and the Grand Christmas Pantomime—admiring
thousands have witnessed the beautiful Scenery and splendid
appointments, and acknowledge " Goody Two Shoes " to be
the most popular Pantomime in London.
THIS EVENING, Dac. 31,
Will bo repeated the:Now Romantic Drama, called
MICHAEL EARLS, THE MANIAC LOVER.
Characters by Messrs. Saville, H. Hughes, Neville, John-
son, and Smith ; Mrs. Yining, Mrs. Daly, and Miss Martin.
After which, a Comedietta, from the French, entitled

FAMILY JA nS MENDED.
Bonhommo, Mr. Smith ; Chapinet, Mr. Saville ; Madame
Bonhommo, Mr.. Daly ; Theresia, Miss Martin.
To conclude with the New Grand Christmas Pantomime, called
THE QUEEN BEE, OR HARLEQUIN AND GOODY
TWO SHOES.
The splendid Scenery by Mr. Brunning—The magnificent
Diorama by Mr. P. Phillips.
Columbine, Miss Sharpe ; Harlequin, Clown, Pantaloon, and
Sprite, by the Bolero Family.
Messrs. Sams of St. James's-street; Andrews, Ebers, and
Mitchell, Bond-street ; and Seguin :of Regent-street, Book-
sellers, are appointed to let Private and Public Boxes during
the run of the Pantomime.

MIGH.WATatt AT LONDON 111t1DIFE TO.NIORRO Vic.
Morning 21 rainutoo after 11 i Evening 51 minutes atter 11

LONDON :
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1839.

The Tory Journals have just given us a striking
instance of their love for intolerance and persecu-
tion. Mr. Ow.EN entertains some opinions which
they dislike ; they do not prove them to be false,
but denounce them to be " gross, filthy, and
sinful." The opinions being so described, they
accuse Lord MELBOURNE of a high crime for pre-
lenting to her MAJESTY the gentleman who enter-
tains these " gross, filthy, and sinful" opinions.
We know nothing of Mr. OWEN'S opinions, for
we have not inquired into them ; but we remem-
ber when he, being opulent, was countenanced
by Dr. SUTTON, the late Archbishop of CANTER-
BURY, arida great number of the nobility and gentry,
though he then taught with much of the enthusiasm
of a comparatively young man. Not being ac-
quainted with his opinions, we are unable to say
whether they are true or false ; but an opinion, if
erroneous, can no more be sinful than a crooked leg,
or a squinting eye, or carotty hair. Sin is not a
characteristic of opinions at all, but of actions ;
and the Tories show their ignorance as well as
their brutality by abusing opinions. They are re-
solved, however, to find fault, and not only condemn
Mr. OWEN for his sinful opinions, but Lord
MELBOURNE for having presented the entertainer
of sinful opinions to the QUEEN.
We have lately heard a good deal of a fuddle-
ometer and a foolorneter, but we also want a pure-
thought-ometer. Every person who presents another
at Court should be provided with one of these, when
they are invented, and, applying it to the person to be
introduced, should ascertain that he had never en-
tertained or uttered a " filthy, gross, and sinful"
thought. How we should like to see many of
the Tory Lords and Tory Ladies tested by such an
instrument before being presented at -Court, at
which few of them would then ever arrive I
Without some such' instrument we see no mode
of proving the cleanliness or virtue of a
man's opinions, and the attack now made
by the Quartelly Review, the Post, and the
rest of the Tory Journals, on Mr. OWEN and Lord
MELBOURNE, demonstrates that they are anxious
to persecute. If they had lived in Spain in the
sixteenth century they would have been amongst
the most cruel familiars of the Inquisition, and at
this day their character is more suited to the dark
days and countries of Popery two centuries ago
titan to Protestant England.
It may be also for themselves rather dangerous
to commence a persecution for mere opinion. The
Tories are, after all, a small part of the people ; the
bulk of those who follow the political leaders are
not Tories, but persons desiring ease and place •
and the Tories 'may soon find that their opinions,
which are dreadfully obnoxious to the masses, will
be entertained by only a small minority, incapable
of protecting themselves. In persecuting times
men have been burnt, or hanged' at lamp-posts,
for their opinions, and few persons would say it •
was other than justice were those who are persecuting I

EYENINC-i- EDITION.

individuals, by holding them up to obloquy for what
they call " gross, filthy, and sinful" opinions, to be
themselves persecuted.

On Saturday, Mr- O'CONNELL delivered another
stirring appeal and exhortation to his countrymen
at the Corn Exchange, Dublin. The Dublin
_Monitor says that a most numerous body of the
citizens were in attendance for the purpose of hear.
ing Mr. O'CoNNELL's views. As usual, the
Hon. Gentleman was extremely eloquent and ex-
tremely vituperative of England, not without, at
least, a show of justice. He quoted two instances,
which have lately appeared in the public papers,
of inhabitants of Bishop PHILPOTTS' diocese,
though arrived at the age of manhood, not under-
standing the nature of an oath ; and such, he said,
was the education of England, with a Church en-
dowed with six millions. He referred to the
daily catalogue of crimes with which our journals
teem, and to the pictures of distress in our manu-
facturing districts daily published ; and he con-
cluded that England is in difficulties, that her
people are starving, and that she could not Abud
to increase the number of her enemies by adding
to them all the Catholic Irish. The Hon. Mem-
ber also adverted to the TITUS OATES Plot, to
the pQrsecutions suffered by the Irish in past times,
and to various other irritating topics. Supposing
that two-thirds of what he said were inaccurate, it
was not one whit less efficacious in exciting his
hearers than if it were every word mathematically
true. Accordingly they groaned, hissed, and
shouted, as he would have them, and felt, at least
for the moment, all the hatred of England, and
particularly of the Tories, which he expressed.
The language Mr. O'CONNELL has previously
used made the Standard say last night, " Those
who could thus speak of the people of England
would resort to arms if they were not afraid." But
when England is somewhat more embroiled and
harrassed with the Chartists, as she undoubtedly
will be, to guard against whom, by the by, another
regiment has been brought over from Ireland, all
fear will be at an end, and the people, maddened by
still more intemperate speeches, probably will, if
their wrongs, real or imaginary, be not redressed,
resort to arms, and add amazingly to the calamities
of the empire.

Ours is by no means a pleasant prospect. It is
known to all who have studied the progress of so-
ciety, that a great contest has arisen, and necessa-
rily must arise, between labour and capital, or be-
tween no property and property. It is not confined
to England, it extends to the United States, Bel-
gium, France, Switzerland, and Germany, though
it be there comparatively faint. Under another
name, it is a contest between the aristocracy and
democracy, following the contest which subdued a
mere armed and titled aristocracy, and substituted
for it an aristocracy of wealth. The contest be-
tween capital and labour having raged with
fierceness in this country for some years, any
thing more wanton, or more wicked, can
scarcely be conceived than for the Anglican Clergy
to have added to it a contest between the Protest..
ants and Papists. The well-timed Act of 1829
promised to put an end to the dispute for religious
ascendancy, hut the Anglican Clergy and the Tory
bigots, for the most base and sordid party purposes,
have again kindled it, adding to the servile strife
which there is no avoiding.
The immense influence which one or a few elo-
quent persons can exert over the multitude is, in
the case of the Chartists, too apparent. Messrs.
M'NEILE, M`GIIEE, and Co., envious and emu-
lous of Mwsrs. O'CONNELL and O'CONNOR,
have endeavoured, by the force of much talk, to
rally an army of bigotry to begin persecu-
tion. They have so far succeeded, that
they have compelled the Catholics to agitate
in self defence. The fools who have gone
after the bigots are more to blame than the
starving Chartists and the poor Catholics. These
may gain something by agitation, and can scarcely
lose ; but the opulent, easy classes of English gen-
tlemen and English ladies can only lose and suffer.
Quitting their comfortable parlours, their beautiful
villas and lawns, or their happy winter fire-sides,
they have lent themselves to swell the triumph of these
broken-loose pulpit fanatics. Contrary to their
own mild and benevolent nature, they have allowed
themselves to be made the tools of these strife-stirring,
designing priests, and their strife-stirring coadjutors
of the press. Now, when it is too late—when they
see the use Mr. O'CONNELL makes of the silly
encouragement they have given to fanatic violence
—they may repent the folly which threatens to
endanger their own ease, peace, and security.
The new Society Mr. O'CONNELL is to institute
is to be called " The Friends of the QUEEN and
Protectors of Ireland." Any title will serve to
collect a numerous body of adherents, and the
Friends of the QUEEN will be the decided enemies
of the bigots and the Tories.

We published on Saturday, in our Evening Edi-

tion, and yesterday, in our Morning Edition, an
abstract of the proceedings of the Chamber of
Commerce of Manchester on Thursday relative to
the Bank of England. The speeches of Messrs.
PRICE, BROOKES; GARDNER, and others, have
deservedly excited great attention in the commer-
cial world. They demonstrate the great extent of
the losses of the mercantile community by the
unwise conduct of the Bank of England in rela.
tion to the currency. We publish this morning the
Report made to the Chamber by the Directors after
they had subjected the whole matter to a rigid in
vestigation. It was adopted by the Chamber una-
nimously, and may therefore be styled the Manifesto
of the Manchester Chamber of Commerce against
the Bank of England. It sets forth the grievances
of the former, and of the manufacturing interest
generally, which are caused by the latter, but it
points out no remedy and demands no specific re-
dress. It is a sort of declaration of war, followed
by no immediate active hostilities.
The Chamber makes out a strong case against
the Bank, almost too strong, apparently, to be
strictly correct. It goes back no further than 1835,
and brings forward proof, between that and the
present time, of several acts of gross mismanage-
ment. The Bank first threw a large sum
•f money into the market, and thereby gave
facilities to discount American acceptances to an
enormous amount, and gave an excessive stimulus
to trade and speculation. It supplied manufacturers
and others with money at three per cent, and causing
at the same time a rise in prices by an abundance of
current}', made them hope and expect to obtain
larger e
profits. So it encouraged adventures,
r which its own subsequent curtailment of the
could be realised, rendered
currency, ere they
profitless. The Chamber distinctly pi-Oyes that the
Bank, whenever its coffers get empty, fills them
with gold from abroad at the expense of the manu-
facturers. The result of its several operations was
to cause a loss to the holders of manufacturing
capital, varying from 25 to 50 per cent. on a gross
sum of 160,000,0001. Mingling no personalities
with its remarks, the Chamber follows the opera-

Lions of the Bank step by step, and
proves that they have been most disastrous.
The Chamber does not confine itself to the merely
pecuniary effects of contractions and expansions of
the currency. It points out that derangement of
employment, distress, disease, and extensive death,
all arise from the.desire of the Bank Directors to
bring gold into their coffers or to swell their divi-
dends. We are unable further to analyze it, but
shall quote a paragraph towards the conclusion, in
which we cordially agree :

That. such a power over the property, and, as has
been seen, the health, morals, and very lives of the,'

community should be vested in the hands of twenty-six
irresponsible individuals for the exclus:ve benefit of a
body of Bank Proprietors, must be regarded as one of
the most singular anomalies of the present day—that
the secret acts of these individuals, veiled as they are
even from the eyes of their own constituents, should de-
cide the fortunes of our capitalists, and the fate of our
artisans—that upon the error or wisdom of their judg-
ment should depend the happiness or misery of millions
and that against the most capricious exercise of this
power, there should be neither appeal nor remedy ; that
such a state of things should be allowed to exist, must
be regarded as a reproach to the intelligence of the age,
and as totally irreconcileable with every principle of
public justice.

The Bank Directors may perhaps object to one
body of traders lecturing another body, and may
tell them to mind their own business. But the
enormous privileges which the greedy Bank has
coaxed or filched from careless or ignorant states-
men, make the Bank, a public institution, as much
a part of the Constitution, and as much respon-
sible at the bar of public opinion, as the Cabinet
or the Corporation of London. In former times,
Sovereigns merited and obtained the curses of
their subjects by altering the value of money, while
they kept it of the same denomination ; and by
their jugglery with the currency, they inflicted,
as has been said, more misery, and caused more
losses than ever did war, pestilence, or famine. At
present the standard may be untouched, and the
same disastrous effects produced by a sleight-of-
hand dealing with paper; and the source of the
enormous mischief remain undiscovered. Like
ignorant savages, we even worship the Mumbo-
Jumbo that inflicts on us disease and death.

If we forbear to bore our readers day after day
with notices of the evil produced by the Corn-laws,
our interest in that subject does not, we can assure
them, lessen with the increasing evidence which
every day affords, in the augmenting distress of the
people, of their disastrous effects. Long ago and
repeatedly have we so strongly denounced them,
that scarcely anything remains for us to do, but
occasionally to place before our readers—who gene-
rally, we believe, share our opinions on this subject
—in extracts from other Journals, the accumulat-
ing proofs of the horrid calamities which the
Devil's laws inflict on the public. 'We have fre-
quently told the upper and middle classes that they
were endangering all property. Not long ago Mr.
MACAULEY, a Cabinet Minister, had to defend
the right of property from the attacks made on it in
Scotland. On Thursday last a meeting was held
at Leeds, the object of which was to give relief to
some of the many thousands who are out of em-
ployment. If any occasion could reconcile the
poor to the possessiohs of the rich, it was surely
this, when the purses of the affluent were to be
opened to mitigate their sufferings. How-
ever, on that occasion an address was pre-
sented from the unemployed operatives, a
great number of whom attended, and their Chair-
man, while they vehemently applauded the senti-
ment, and would scarcely allow a gentleman to speak
who impugned it, said " If the unemployed could
not get bread for themselves and children, THEY
WOULD TAKE IT FROM THE COMMON STOCK-

AN OPINION IN WHICH, HE SAID, HE COR

DIALLy AGREED ; FOR HE DECLARED, BE-
FORE GOD AND MAN, THAT BEFORE HE

WOULD STARVE HE WOULD TAKE BREAD
WHERE HE COULD GET IT." It is fearful to
think, says the Chronicle, that a large mi-
nority should countenance the doctrine of
spoiliation. They only threaten to imitate what
the landlords actually perform ; and if it be right
in the latter to preserve their tax, which they
call property, by violence, it must, a fortiori, be
right in the umemployed, if they can, to preserve
their lives by the strong hand. The fearful conse-
quences, the fearful conclusions, and the fearful
conduct which the Devil's laws are forcing on the
bulk of the community, terrify us for its future
prospects.

By the arrival of the Braganza steamer at Fal-
mouth, on Sunday, from the Mediterranean, we
have received advices from Lisbon of the 24th inst.
The Braganza left Gibraltar on the 21st, Cadiz
22d, Lisbon 24th, and Vigo 26th. On the 23d
accounts had reached Lisbon, via Bahia, of the
capture of four more Portuguese slavers by Bri-
tish cruisers on the coast of Africa. No
details were given. The new Cortes were
to meet on the 2d of January, when it
was stated that a Royal speech would be delivered,
in which the real state of Portugal would be frankly
and without reserve set forth for the guidance of
the national representatives. The capital was
quiet, notwithstr.nding the efforts of the editor of

_ _ ......._. _.
the Nacional to make it be believed by the mob
that the Government sought to purchase his assas-
sination in consequence of the terrors which he was
inspiring in England I Young REMECHIDO, the
son of the Miguelite chief recently captured and put
to death, has died of the wounds he received ten
months ago in an engagement with the QUEEN'S
troops. Had he recovered, the Government would
have spared his life.

Madrid Papers of the 22d inst. state, that the
REGENT has signed a Royal degree not yet made
public, for the re-establishment of the Convents of
Monks throughout the Basque Provinces. The
capital was tranquil. The following news from the
theatre of war is from a Paris Journal :

" On the 19th the Csrlist chief Bosque attacked
the village of Ginebrosa, which was defended by the
Second Regiment of Grenadiers of the Guard, under
the orders of Brigadier Velarde. The assailants had
brought up a gun to a neighbouring height, but a bat-
talion of infantry, supported by some companies of
Chasseurs, having sallied out, the Carlists fell back on
Belmonte, leaving some killed and wounded on the
field. The head-quarters of the Christinos were still at•
Mas de las Mates. Colonel Zurbano had destroyed
the band of Alegre, near Muniesa, and taken a number
of prisoners. In the evening of the 23d a large convoy
of military effects and stores arrived from Madrid at
Saragossa, escorted by four companies commanded by
Colonel Gaspar Rodriguez.

Russia, jealous of the progress of English arms
and influence in Central Asia, has declared war
against the Khan of CHIVA, the Chief of a
powerful Tribe on the borders of Persia. The
ostensible cause is the punishment of the Chivians
for robbing sundry Russian caravans, and retaining
in captivity a number of Russian subjects; but
the true object of the war is to rival the terrors
inspired by British power in Persia and Affghan-
istan. The kingdom, or province rather, of Chiva
is bounded on the north by the deserts of Kirchiss,
on the west by the Caspian Sea, on the south by
Persia, and on the east by the provinces of Turan,
Bokhara, and Balk. As Balk borders on Affgha-
nistan, it will be easy to make the fame of the
Russian expedition familiar to those who so re-
cently witnessed the triumphant entry of General
Sir JOHN (now Baron) KEANE into Cabool, the
capital of that warlike nation. The EMPEROR
has entrusted the command of this expedition to
Lieut.-General BEROWSKY, who left U:emburg at
the head of a strong military force on the Ist of
December. Previous to setting out, General BE-
ROWSKY published a declaration of war against
Chiva, a copy of which we find in the Prussian
State Gazette of the 20th. After setting forth in
general terms that robberies had been committed,
and merchants made prisoners by the Chivians, the
declaration of war concludes as follows :—" The
rights of Russia, the security of her trade, the
tranquillity of her subjects, and the dignity of the
State, call for decisive measures, and the EMPEROR
has judged it to be high time to send a body of
troops to Chiva to put an end to roberry and ex-
action, to deliver those Russians who are de-
tained in slavery, to make the inhabitants of
Chiva esteem and respect the Russian name,
and, finally, to strengthen, in that part of

ingbiat'"
„tojeo
,dege ...7.artai Cr' •

gll3l.
