not, on the present oefesion, asked to drink his
health as the hero of Salamanca and Waterloo, but
its the head of his Majesty's Cabinet. As lam one
of an assembly which in a short time will be sum-
moned to the capital of this empire—ai I am a per-
son who has a public character to maintein,,l owe it
to myself and to you to explain the sense in which
I will drink that toast, and, to add those qualifica-
tions to it which will ensure my conduct against
misconstruction--('clear, hear,)—where it is of im-
portance that neither my conduct, nor your conduct
nor opinions, should be misconstrued.(Cheers.)
I entirely agree with the sentiment which my lion.
Friend has thought necessary to add to this toast,
because I am particularly desirous that his Grace'
and his Majesty's Ministers 'should promote a timely
reform and economy in the State—(Cheers)—and
I think it exceedingly necessary that in drinking his
Grace's health, he should understand that that quali-
fication was appended to it.—(Great applause.)—
In the, course of that long. Period during which 1
haVe had a seat-in Varlitunent, I never remember a
King's Speech in which so much was promised—
( Hear, hear,)—ond I will go the length of seying,
that the perfermances of Ministers have nirt come
up to their premises.-7(Applause.)—The army,
which ite,the greatest tax upon this country, was not
diminished a single man ; therefore I am not hound,
having the experience of the last Sessions before
me, to give implicit credence to King'l speeches.—
(tlcar.)—Oue or two taxes harie been reduced, but
give me leave to say, that when his Majesty's Mi-
nisters have been eharged.With it in the House of
Commons, I hale never heard them deny the truth
of the matter, that when the King% speech was de-
livered there was no intention of repealing the taxes.
It was in consequence of the universal cry which
arose at the commencement of the late Session of
Parliament, which begun in, the country, and was
repented Within the milli; of Parliament, that a
reduction of taxation was forced upon Ministers.
(Loud cheering.)—Now, Gentlemen, I am not
going to deny that the Duke of Wellington is en-
titled to great credit. I think that he had, in the
Session before last, the praise of 190 init when to
yield.—(Cheers.)—But give me leoVe to say that it
is no proof whitever.of his principles being altered,
end I can bring you proof before I sit down that
they are not aitered.—(Cheers.)-4n the course of
the last two, years we have been negociating and
treating with foreign nations. The country to which
.1 allude was Greece.. A proposition was made to
embody Greece under a Sovereign to be chosen by
the Great Powers of Europe—England amongst the
number. The koundaries were marked out, it being
understood that it wits to be subject to the Otto-
man Porte. In the course of these negociatlons,
however, that arrangeMent was altered, and Greece
was to be: made independent of the Ottoman Porte;
and as soon as that was determined the limits of
Greece were curtailed by the Duke of Wellington
and his Cabinet; and that is a proof that the Duke
of Wellington is no friend to freedom.—(Cheers.)
—But I will go further., Twelve months ego some
2,000 unhappy Portuguese, eXpatriated from their
country by the tyranny of one of the vilest ty-
rants that ever disgraced a throne, had sought re-
fuge in this country.--(Here en elderly person of
clerical appearance made a remark which for a mo-
ment interrupted, the speaker, but he was soon
si-
leneed, and the thin. Gentleman proceeded.) These
unhappy indiyidtuds were desirous of making efforts
for the restoration of .the Constitutionel Govern-
ment of Portugal. An island in the Atlantic re
mains! faithful to Donna Maria. That island they
thought would be the lever upon which they could
act to effect their object ; but what'said the Duke of
'sVellin*ton ? Ile said to those, men who had arms
in their hands and were ready to serve their legiti-
mate Sovereign,," You shall not go there es troops
(which was the only way in which they could go
there for any effectual purpose), but he said they
might go there as individuals, two or three at a time
—(Cheers)—and thus I am hotted to say that the
Duke of Wellington is no friend of Partuguese free•
dom, and if he is not the friend of Portuguese free-
dom, I very much doubt that lie is the friend of
English freedom. I love freedom, and do not wish
it to be confined to any geographical limit ; I loVe
freedom in POrtugal, and I love 'freedom in England,
end I. would wish those who do tint enjoy it to have
the pOWCtor attaining it; and I say that the Govern-
meet which takes that power away is no friend of frees
lon.J. During the hurt two Sessions of Parliament I
have supported few of the plans brought forward by
the Duke'of Wellington (with the exception of that
great measure which was the glory of his life), and
when I have done so, I have always thought it neces-
sary to guard Myself from being supposed to have any
immediate connection with him.—(Applause.)—
Before I cormect myself with any man, I like to
know what his prinmplel are. Many men of good
principles of Government may be led to had meas-
ures--(Cheers)—because necessity has made the
puke of 'Wellington and Sir Robert Peel concede
ibis measure, of religious, liberty, und thus enable
the lion. Gentleman (Mr. jerninghain) who sits
last but one on my right, to become eligible to sit
in the Commons House of. Parliament': it is erro-
neous to attribute it to any change of their princi-
ples. They have, over and over again, ocknow-
{edged that it was necessity which caused them thus
to act : and I, have heard that Sir R. Peel said that
lie wished things had been otherwise; that his prin.
doles were unchanged, and he wished it were pos.
Ode for them to go on in the old train.---(Cheers
end laughter.)—But I will go back to 1828, and
inquire who proposed thus repaid of the Teat
and Corporation Acts,—(peering.)—lf there
should chance to be in thus room an individual,
who thought it not right to take the sacrament
according to the rights of the Chinch of England,
and who now is qualified- to fill the office of an Al-
dermen of the city of York, we must not suppose
Out he owes his resent privilege to the love of
liberty entertained by the Dukteef Wellington and
Sir- 'Robert Peel; and therefore, if I drink the
health of the Duke of Wellington, I do it as the
hero of
.Waterloo, and to encourage him to adopt
thole measures, arid give force to the sentiment
which my lion. Friend has thought fit to attach to
his netne.—(Louti and continued cheering).

The CHAIIMAN....it gives me very great pleasure
to hear Lord Milton declare, that be has no objec-
tion to drink the health of the Duke of Wellington
as the hero of Waterloo, -with' the qualification that
I have attached to it ; because it is the most anxi-
ous wish of mytieff as Chairman, and I am sure it
it the wish of every member of the Committee, that
no toast should be given this evening in this room,
that can give the alight offence to any one present.—
(Cheers.),-.1 therefore, was extremely happy, to
hear the comments upon that toast which have just
been made by his Lordship, and I hope we shall
drink the Duke of Wellington as the hero of Water-
loo, and in the hope that his Ministry will promote a
timely reform and economy in • the State. (The
tots t was then drunk.)
" The fioh. Wray Stafford Jerningtue, Member for
Pontefract."

Mr, JEKNINGIIAM made hi achnotOedgatenti for
the hendsome manner in which bis beelth had 'been
400,

The Loup MAvon, begged leave to propo*e
" Civil and Religious Liberty." Mr. Wyvill, our
tried and faithful- Representative during a period- of tea
years.'" Three times three.
The I,oun MAYOR proposed
H The Ladies of York, and thanks to them for their
attendance to-day."
-The CHAIRMAN introduced the next toast by ob-
serving, that be certainly dill not entirely approve of
Mr. Brougham becoming oue of the Representatives
for Yorkshire, solely on the ground of his being un-
connected with the county either by residence or
property; but the Learned °materna!' had not a
greater admirer of his talent and principles, than he
(S'r Win, Cooke) was, and the time being now
passed when thetie local objections could have any
weigla, be did heartily and sincerely propose
Usury Brougham's health, as a Representative of the
c;`TL,`tY. of times three.
Mr!, lituer
oitiAlrinPl4, A7lt returned thanks on behalf of

" The Liberty of the Press."•—Three times three.
The LORD MAYOR said it, would be extremely
ungrateful of him, if he did not return to the gentle-
men of the Press in the city and county of York,
his thanks for the manner in which they have advo-
cated the cause in which he was a combatant, and

le manner in which they. put forth his suffrages to
is citizens of York. .

Mr. HARGROVE could not but ,feel grateful for
the call made for him, but he knew his plaee—when
to speak and when to remain silent. He conceived
that to be called upon in an assembly like: the pre-
sent, where there were gentlemen of rank, talent,
and influence, was one of the greatest rewards which
could be paid or received for public labours.—
(Cheers) He would, however, spe* with all hu-
mility of 'his own labours in the cause of civil and
religious liberty, though they bad 'been continued
throtigh seventeen eventful years, during which be
had felt outwardly the thorns •of persecution, but
inwardly the feeling's of satisfaction, and the reward
of conscious integrity.--(Loud applause.)
Mr. BAINES also returned thanks on behalf of the
Press.

" The Corporation of York."
The LORD MAYOR returned thank.
" The Gentlemen who have honoured us with their corn.
pany this day."
GP.011011:' STRICKLAND, Esq., rose and said,—
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, I feel. a deep regre
that the, Lord Mayor has not been returned to si

in the House of Commons along with Mr. Dundas,
and join him in promoting sound principles, upon
those great questions which must come before Par-

liameni—before, I hope and trust, abetter. House
of Commons than the last—(Cheers.) Though,
for the reason I have stated, it would not have be-
come me to have taken a prominent or active part in
the late arduous contest for this city, yet circum-
stances brought me here, and I am happy in being
able to bear testimony to the gentlemanly, the
manly, and the liberal conduct of Mr. Petre, parti-
cularly, towards the close of that contest.—(Cheers.)
It is an old observation, that the General whO con-
ducts a retreat well after he has sustained the re-
verse, is the more likely to be able to lead on his
troops to victory under more equal chances. You
have heard Mr. Petre speak in terms of much feel-
ing and force upon the opposition which he, in some
instances, met, on account of his consistent adhe-
rence to those principles of religion in which he bad
been instructed from his infancy.—The progress
which intelligence and liberality are making through.
out the world, may, in a few short years, do away
with this disadvantage, and we may then see him
placed in that situation for which he is so well qua-
lified .s--(Loud applause.) I fear, Gentlemen, there
is another subject upon which he has been unjustly
treated, and that too from honourable and well-in-
formed persons, carrying on what I consider to be
the most important business of life—that of afford-
ing instruction and intelligence to the people at
large. This is a subject upon which my own feel's
ings are peculiarly alive—because, in the humble
part which I have taker's in political affairs, I have
experienced similar treatment. It has been said to
me, " You are a 'Whig; you are, therefore, con-
nected in opinions with the King's present Atter.-
eay-Generalyou must he an enemy to the liberty
of the Press.'"(Cheers.) From the earliest days
in which I can recollect to have had any opinion
upon political, religious, or moral subjects, I was
warmly attached to the right of freedom of thought,
and freedom of discussion. I then entertained the,
utmost abliorrenccan abhorrence which has
increased with my years—to that accursed quibble,
handed down to us from the lawyers durieg the
worst periods of despotism, that truth is a libel ;
or that still more accursed quibble—that the greater,
the truth the greater the libel. I had been taught
from my infancy—l have learned from my religion
—that truth is a virtue, arid that falsehood is a sin,
whether that falsehood be in words spoken, or in
words written, or in the perjured kiss with which
Judas betrayed his Master. Truth is a virtue, and
it is in vain that human laws endeavour to render
that a crime whiCh God bath ordained to be good,
-s-(Long continued cheers.) Gentlemen, this leads
me to a subject, which I approach with the greatest
satisfaction—l mean the return of 'Lord Merited] as
one of the Representatives of this county in Par-
liament. Admiring, as I do, his great talents,
ktioWing his principles to be eound and liberal, it
filled me with the greatest pleasure to see him
placed in that proud situation. In the kindness of
his heart I have heard that Noble Lord express his
gratitude to this friend or to that, or to his 'united
friends, for their exertion in his behalf; but I will
tell that Noble Lord that he:- is indebted to one
friend alone—and that friend is himself.-(Ap-
plause.) When a liberal candidate was wanted for thie
great county, it was most natural that the people should
direct their attention to that man who, in .Parlia-
ment, had exerted his great talents with success for
the repeal of that moat disgraceful law in a free
country, which consigned a person for a second con-
viction for a libel to transportation to a distant
colony—to work in chains, under the lash of slavery.
I will put this in another point of view. 1 will
suppose that Lord Morpeth, instead of taking the
part which I have described, bed supported the
measures of the Attorney-General—had assisted
hinm to shackle the Press still further, I say, with
confidence,' that Lord Morpeth would not now have
been one of our Representatives in Parliament; that
he never would be, as long as he lived; and this I
consider to be one of the signs of the times in
which we live; and I trust that he will persevere in
the work he has begun; that he will not rest from
his labours till he has removed that disgrace attached
to that which I bold to be the most useful and ho-
nourable profession—ghat editors of newspapers
should be obliged to give security for their good
behaviour, es if they were convicted
(Loud and long continued cheers.) In a meeting
like this, it seems nearly impossible to pass over in
perfect silence the great, the extraordinary, and
glorious events that have recently taken place in
France. I have seen various attempts to draw a
parallel between these events and those which took
place at our revolution—the advantages of which
we have been enjoying for 140 years—before that
time we had sacrificed an amiable, but a mistaken
King. In France they took the life of an amiable
Monarch, and cruelly destroyed 'his whole family.
The French then exhibited the usual picture of
slaves breaking' loose. They were then (taxied
with the first sight of day—rendered frantic by the
first sight of freedom--and rushed into anarchy,
bloodshed, and horrors. They have now had the
advantage of some enjoyment of .freedom ,• they
have, through deep and severe trials, learned that
anarchy is not liberty—that licentiousness is not
freedom ; and I trust that they will continue to act
with so much moderation that we may be able to
exclaim, in truth and in fact, and not only in the
imagination of time poet--
"O'er the vine-coloured hills and gay regions of France,
See the daystar of liberty rise,"
Acting with this moderation-.-looking forward to
the enjoyments of well-regulated free institutions—
we may indeed hope that the star which has risen
above the horizon of France may continue to guide
her people in the path of moderation anti wisdom—
that it may be a light trot only to them but to all
the nations of Europe, in the.- great career of int.
provement, upon whitih, it appears to, me, they are
now entering; and I trust that the extimplo of
Europe may extend itself :to all the nations of the
world, and that they may ere. long enjoy a much
greater share than at present of the happiness and
bletsings of freedum.—(Loud applause.)
Lord MORPIMI said the taut* and the speeches
which he had heard suggested to him a toast-espers
baps he ought rather to cull it II sentiment. , He
saw around him the pink of Mr. Petre .the light
blue of the- York Whig Club, and his L
path's) own orange, and the:orange of Lord Dun-
des, .Lord Milton, r,nd. Lord Fitzwilliam; but he
(Lord Mor-
)
did not propose to them to raise another tri-colour,
because we live under a .Constitutional King, and
enjoy the Writings of Constitutional freedom...but
