[NEW TIMES.]

Ireland does not seem at present to be as agi-
tated as usual ; but the Gentlemen who engaged
in the last biblical discussions in that country
appear preparing for another polemical cam-
paign. A' long manifesto, signed by some PrD•.
tesiant disputants, laying down a plan for a re-
gulated controversy at Carlow, is making some
noise, and is of course received with different
feelings by the different parties. The Roman Ca-
tholic Priests appear to have lost their temper.—
Mr. O'Connell, if we may trust some of the
Papers from Ireland, is sinking in popularity.
Every person who embarks in the trade of dema-
gogue must expert this sooner or later. Such
popularity, as it is gained without merit, is lost'
with as. little reason as it is won. Some Roman
Catholic Papers are very active in abusing him,
and they appear to have studied the elegances of
Mr.Cobbett in their manner of doing it. 1n a Cork'
Paper he is described as " hawking his wife about
the country—as surfeiting.the public—as accept-
ing subscriptions in Kerry to make up for the
lackage in his fee-book ;" with other equally
delicate observations. We do not exactly, how•
ever, perceive that any one has succeeded to his
vacant throne, and possibly he may again re-
ascend that bad eminence. If the Roman Catho-
lics knew their own interest he would remain out
of office. Their claims would probably have been
granted ten years ago, had it not been for the
machinations of this man. Let them, then, if
they wish to gratify the Orangemen, keep them-
selves under his guidance for ten years longer;
and they will have similar success.

[NORM° HERA LD.I
There was something truly despicable in the
fulsomeness and falsehood with which the parti-
sans of the French Ministry and the sycophants
of the poor Duke of Angouleme boasted of
having given to Spain' order, happiness, and
Ferdinand VII., and erected into splendid con-
quest the most ignoble of campaigns. How much
more disgusting is the recollection of these idle and
contemptible vauntings, when coupled with the
present deplorable and desperate state of that
kingdom r There is one advantage, however, that,
the opportunity now afforded of judging things
by their fruits, places beyond all doubts truths to
which some persons were hitherto, or affected to
be, blind. All the world may now see,and can-
not fail even to see, what are the consequences of
a canting, dastardly invasion, like that of Spain
by-France, in violation of the rights and usages
of nations, the faith of Governments- and even
the personal honour of Princes. It seems to es-
tablish another fact—that political and spiritual
slavery is the surest and most powerful acting
cause of a nation's wretchedness and debase-
ment. The Cortes might have been wiser,
and the Constitutional Ministers might have
had more capacity, diligence, and common
sense ; but it would be a gross libel upon
them to suppose they reduced their country,
in the state of foreign war and civil discord, to
the degree of debasement and misery to which
pure despotism has since reduced Spain in a state
of quiet. The . wretched Sovereign, too, is now
paying the penalty, not merely of being a despot,

but of his personal duplitity and perfidy. Too
spiritless and hypocritical to vindicate his rights,
and deal fairly with his Constitutional Ministry,
he played with them a game of dissimulation and
treachery to the last moment, whilst he was nego-
tiating with the foreign enemy " to rescue him
out of the hands of a factiom" .The same opera-,
Lion seems now about to be'repeated. 'rlie farm-
tical and servile party, not satisfied with mere
tyranny, without the rage of persecution, is about
to 44 rescue him again out of the hands of a faction"
—and that faction is his Ministry. What is more
curious, is that from the duplicity and treachery'
of the individual, there is no judging whether
he favours or dreads the project. Judging by
the accounts received through the Paris Pa-
pers, the insurrection about to take place, or
which had begun already, is excited by the fa-
natical party. General Bessieres is stated to be
at the head of it, and to have already taken
the field with some military partisans that ad-
hered to him. Bessieres is a Frenchman, and
a mere soldier of fortune—ready, of course to
aid the Inquisition or the Cortes, as agreed best
with his calculations. But in the late transactions
he was an ardent partizan of servilism—and it
appears, that the arrests chiefly fall upon priests,
monks, and others of that party. There seems
but one opinion—that Spain is approaching a cri-
sis of some kind. The change can hardly be for
the worse, whatever is to happen.
