HUNTING INTELLIGENCE.

ArrOINTMENTS YOB. TNL PAWBICN't
Mr. U. Villeban's thurlers meet on Tuesday, at the Kennel;
Thursday, at Bradenham Green; and Saturday, at Swettluun
Hue Course.

Lord Yarborough's Hounds meet on Monday, at Ravendale ;
Wednesday, Saxby Mill ; Friday, at }.:lkington Cow Pasture;
and Saturday, at Chace kill'--at eleven.
Sir Richard Sutton's Hounds meet on Monday, at Spittal;
Tuesday, at Branstan Wood ; Thursday, At klackthorti Lodge;and Saturday, at Thorney Hall—at eleven.
Mr. Drake's Hounds meet on Tuesday, at Barton Common ;
Thursday, at Souldern.gate ; and Saturday, at Westomon-the
Breen--at halt.past ten.
Mr. ilhawe's Hounds meet on Tuesday, at Little Aston; and
Friday, at Hints Village.
The IVarwickshire Hounds meet on Monday, at Wimpston
Bridge; Tuesday, at Marini Bridge; Thursday, at Robin/tow
Heath; and Saturday, at Farnborough-.at halt.past ten,
Earl of Harewood's Fox Hounds meet on Monday, at HAM
woott.bridge ; Wednesday, at Towson ; and Friday, at Walton
—at ten.

D ERB YBll t °Nita Y,—Litst Saturday
week, a gentleman residing near Chesterfield, accidentally
dropped his watch in the Illarket.place of that town,
without being aware of it ; as it wee marketAily, and the
affair happened in a crowded part, it would have been an
easy matter for the finder to have secreted the watch, but
honesty prevailed ; a poor countrywoman picked it up
and followed the gentleman from whom she perceived u
tall to restore it to him, he offered her a present, which
she respectfully refused, saying that she never yet received
a reward for acting honestly and it wee now too late to
begla.--Derb,yskire Courier.

Examart lizitoits.—A periodical complains
that nearly all our English heroes have met with ingratis
tulle from their countrymen, NELSON, we are told, died*
poor Viscount; Maat.aottouou had to pay for a mansion
voted him by the country ; and, continues the Journalist,
whilst we are writing, " the walla are throwing mud at
the Duke of WIELLINUTONI" We are not the apologists
of such conduct, yet still it should be borne in multi that
the people threw not mud et the Duke before the Duke
threw mud at the people I—Sunday Paper.
We have heard it said that Mr. ST.
LOIN was once a pupil of Mr. Mauna, the painter,
and that Mr. Martvir has two or three specimens
of his rubbing in on canvas. We happen to know,
that among the treasured works of this worthy, by
another person, is a portrait of his famous witneis, the
Itterchionetoi of Oftmemr6.--44Menosion.—(W6 have atsc,
beard of a Bishop, who gave Mr. ST. Jour; Lona 200
guineas as a trevelliog fee to visit him in the country to
operate for cataract. Lone did not operate, fortunately
far the Bishop, and much to his own credit; but, in re-
turn for the Bishop's fee and his good cheer, Lotto painted
bit portrait.)-41erniny .Paptr.

TIIE LATE MINISTERS AM) TIMIR

SUCCESSORS.

(FROM OUR Sturrieto cougygpORDIENT,)

sitxrriEt.D, MONDAy EVENING.

The announcement of the resignation of the " No Re-
form" Ministry was bailed here with every demonstratiott
►f delight. It its admitted, not only in this town, but
:verywhera, that the Duk►:'s declaration against Reform
has done more to promote the cause than any step that
has been taken for fifty years. A gentleman of great re-
►pectahility, just returned from a tour in the \Veit •of
England, says the feeling is universes!. All elaaties anti-
Apated better things from the Duke, till the arrive] of his
ramous declaration (which will certainly immortalize bins
in the pages of history), and the maiden speech of
William the Fourth. Orders were immediately suspended,
ivorkmen were curtailed in their hours, gloom and de.
mondenry darkened every warehouse, till the result of
the debate on the Civil List and the Resignation of Mini- ",
,tern were made known, when suspended orders were re-
namei with increased activity; so that the workmen of
Sheffield have a glorious prospect before them, many large
establishments having already received exteneivt orders in
consequence of restored confidence. The new Ministry
has only to attend to the wants and wishes of the country
to ensure their popularity and that of the beet of Monarchs.
tioderate reform will satisfy the majority here, although •
there are a few annual•parliamentists and vote-by- ballotites
—retrenchment as far as they can ge►—free trade to India
—abolition of slavery—the extinction of the Corn Laws
—and the overthrow of all monopolists'.
