divided, than in af c iser large divisions oounties, provided
4t sufficient fund of special jurors could be found within it,,
After asi observation from Mr. 1). GILBEILT,
Mr. CLYRTELS consented to postpone the third read.
ing of the Bill till the let of February.
oATtig IN PARLIAMENT.

Mr. C. W. W YNN poatponeti his motion fir a Commit-
tee upon the oaths in Parliament for one fortnight.
REDUCTION OF OFFICIAL SALAIIIES,.....,NRW
MINISTRY.

Mr. HUME *aid he had given notice of a motion for
that evening, tea the effect that it .was the opittion of the
/Nue that no person appinted to. any office after this time
Should receive any ailary or allowances exceeding those
paid to the sane office in 1796, and ha felt sure that the
House would have gone along with him in tha propriety.
of the resolution, if it had not been for some cirturn.
stances that recently occurred. Now, however, lest it.
should appear as if such a motion involved a want of con-
fidence in the new Ministers, and as be felt no dieposition
to refuse his confidence to them at present, lie should poet-
pine the resolution till the House was filled with the Mem-
bers,oi the new Administration, fur whom writs bed been
moved. He would then bring . forward hie motion, and
take the sense of the House upon it, should it be opposed,
Meanwhile he took this opportunity to say that he viewed
tiv,i recent change with feelings of great satisfaction, be..'
cause he thought it offered to the gauntry !mine' of a radical
chrome in public meaeurteke—flleer.) Ile understood that
Ministers stood pledged to reform, and as a ftiend of re-
form he was anxious to see them in their places. He also
understood that they were pledged to carry into effect mea",
sures of economy and retrenchment—principles which lie
had long advocated. He hoped that Ministers would carry
forward such measures in a manner more effectual than
their predecessors ; if not, they should find him their steady
opponent, as he bad been the opponent of the last Mune
riistretion. Under all theeireamstattees ofthe case, he thought
he should not compromise the duty which he owed to his
constituents and the country, by giving the new Admini-
stration a fair trial...He had heard with satisfaction that IlleT
misters were disposed to act itpri the 'principles of free trade;
he hoped and trusted that they would du so, and also
adopt measures of liberal policy gepeeelly, cileulated to sa-
tiety the country!, Ile trusted that they wetild eilopt.other
measures of reform, to which, I;ol:eever, it was not now
not'esolitY to allude. that Alinisters would imi-
tate their predecessor* in upholdieg public credit. If a
doubt were cast for' k single moment upon the melete.
mance of public credit, the results must he most disastrous
—Minister* owed it not only to the ealbty of the country,
but also to the well-being ef &retie, to uphold public cre,
dit. He hoped, therefore, that the new Ministry would
be as scrupulous as the feat Goiertimene(whom he must
compliment for their attention to public credit) in this re-
epect.—(Hear, bear.) the while, looking to the
principles of the men who had now taken office, he thought'
them entitled to "%ippon, 'He should withdraw his mo-
tion without fixing any day for bringing it before the.
House. He had else uppn, the paper a 'notice of motion
respecting the mimes, offices, and eilaries of the servant*
of the Ordnance Freemen of Qneetiberinigh ; but he found
that the case was already before a Conunittee, and fur-
ther, that it was thought his ;tuition might 'interfere with
the proceedings of the Committee. /fe was the last per-
son
to wish to interfere with the justice of that or any
other ease; and list he ehoUld tee thought to compromise.
the rights of parties before the Committee, begged to poste
pen* the mutton. There Was a question which be con-
tested be flit rather unwilling to bring before the House
it was involved in the petition of an individual with
*peat to the Armagh election, praying for an extension of
the time allowed for entering into recogniiinees. The pe-
titioner *eked flit thirty days,.berause the Minster in Chan-
cery had fixed an irregular day fur entering into recog-
tlitariCi4 ; but on inquiry front the Master, huts (Mr.
Hume) learned that the day had."beett fixed
„at the peti.
tioner's own request, Nevertheless; the' petitioner now
demanded indulgence on' 'the ground of an irregularity
treated at his *We instance. Meier' such circumstances,
although 'he Slid not like to refuse presenting a netition
which was properly worded, be Could' not give his support
to its prayer, but would leave it tattle House to deal with
it as might be thonglit proper:
The SPEAKER said that the original Petition to which
the Hem Member referred,,evaa re lied libel to-clay to
theeffeet that noilieeghhineatiitd lieen`enterill into ; and
on That repeet bklng tamest the erderfhr Elie ereisideretion
of the pritltltinvettaillechatied.' 'Wlth'regard,ta the Merits
sttlnroesie,let'lrelltived'ditin to lie precisely NS' the -lime'
Metttbrielied etited.'.'k tite first' initatteses, a. day Was
fixed tuft" "entering into i'ecogitixtrectet 4*lb:ft:petitioner's.'
own etiggrentotte•'end sibtiNf6rthei fahrrf way'asitid for, lea
cattle the ineteter,lieffek'on"thkei4geethin,''l,lll' ni.64 an
improper It was for the' Melia tie city Whether,
snider inch 'CireitinitVnieti; it" felt tliSptiNett t6'receive the
patitiOtt,•o ditititrf f Rite dertaluen lAOl4' It hail come tepoe
the subject.;e4Crielillf' Withdriive)
Mr. HUME said lie should yield to the feeling of the
House end withdrew the petition.
Itlr. J. JOHNSTON wltleltene his motion for a Select
Committee to draw out a fief of instructions relative to
election petitions lind'cotottiioe4. •
The SPEAKER, in going through hie list, here called
upon Sir James SCarlett 'as Attorney-General."
714 flon. and Learned tleittleinett; Who• had iiist'crosSed
over from the Trealitry bench (Whence he timed the third
reading of the Adioinistration of Justicallilll to the Op.:
position aide of the house, aseurrd Mr, Speatier, tie a tone
of grail humility, that he wee no longer e4tilleti to the
designation of Attorney-General, The announcement was
received With a good deal of laughter, mid the Speektir
having amended his Call, • '' ' , •
Sir J. SCARLETT-eresented two from New
WWI, arid the horaugh offtlatton, Yeekeliire, against
negro slavery. . • • • ' '
PUBLIC DISTURBANCES....-11ALLOTS FOR

ELECTION COMMITTEES.
Colonel CII.4DOCK having moved for leave of absence
for Mr. Dundee, who was Ordered to join his regiment in
conacquence of the public disturbance..
Colonel DAVIES said this was the second or third
leave of shitecce that had been moved for in consequence
of the disturboncei which unfortunately exieted in various
parts of the Country. Ile put it to the good sense of the
House to say, whether, under all the circumetances,of the
cokes it might not be expedient to defer a great number
of the Eleotion Committees till after Chrh.tinas....—(Crio.
of " No.").—The consequence of the ribeence of so many
Members in the disturbed counties roust be, that they
should' not be able to. make a House upon ballot nights,
and then the trial of certain election petitions would be
adjourned with great expellee and inconvenience to all
parties concerned. lie therethrit put it to, his 314jeety'a
Outermost& whether a compliance with the ouggeotion be
had thrown nut was not desirable.

Mr. E. RICE mid a few words, which e;retvery,im•
perfectly bawd in the gallery--we believe to the Wert that
after the decision of the Ileum the other night, postpone-
ment could not he thought of. At the sante time he ad.
milted that much inconvenience might he felt by palette in
the event of difficulty being experienced in ofitsinisg
sufficient Mernherv. ftn. ballots. Rut when the thiliyulty
arrive, the Ifonso must endeavour to deal with it. The
Ilon. Member was understood to intimate that it was pro-
posed to get through the ballots, for election petitions as far
a* poonible, end wills that view 4 House, which would
adjourn over from to4nurrow till Wednesday, would meet
again on Tburoday„for which day there were three ballots

Mr. MIME hoped no eerioua idea of postponing the
election oximmitteet wart eatertairied in tmy quarts.. fie
should certainly oppose Stich a proposition..
Mr. It. COLBORNE suggested dint between that. time
and tomorrow an opportunity might he'afforded to apply
to the parties intereeted, anti consult they as to whether it
would he of Athralltitge to them to have their ehAttinn
thy* postponed. .11 ballots were 604;004 Mae not
made upon the appointed day, it would occasion a heavy
expense to individuals.
Mr, A. BARING said be,did not wish to disturb what
had been done the other night, but at the ileum time he
felt that no duty was so important as that of endeavouring
to restore tranquillity end quiet to the country. lie might,
perhaps, he considered tin alarmist--.a character he timid
be sorry to euitein*e-hut- he found it impossible to. conceal
his opinion:am to the extentof ties existing evil, and wished
to cell the attention not ouly of individuals locally, into-
nabob but of, Government to the anhjea, He repeated
he ahouht be sorry to spiced any unneeessary alarm, but.
Must declare his opinion that nothing was so priming, nu
duty of Goverment or individuals so urgent—as to en-
deavour to put en end to the state. of things existing in
several Counties. The tintbOWS of those theorders, he
thought, might have heath, and still might he, discovered,
and the dieturbortas put Ito end to, by strict vigilance and
promptitude in action.' He wished fig no delay in the
ballots on election pettionis...that was, he desireel no delay
that be safely avoided, but at tile-woe time thought
it might he well worth while tea incur deity in such mat-
utimi, If by postponement multi be purchased the great
°idea of gettAltrit the (smutty. if putting off election
enntiottistok tOr - even an arijeurtmes)t of the house, would
leave geotleenso at liberty to ntribute more effieiently tea
the attainment AO, crud,, 144) irtAlOOVenience
,that might.
he wised t9iAlliAbOotbhogil ptoventbint,front. recom-
mending the powWittw, •
Sir it PEI?,,Idi ip reference to the Haw Mouths's-eV A
lu.ion to an imptie4.:wosicutingi),Au.g4 44, proniptir
tudtii
the tete cthinet rWith r.ovolt ditittoimitehoitoing,
