the Srmistire.

MALLS.
ARntyrn-1 Gottenhnrgh, 1 Guernsey, 1 •Tersey,
1 Waterford. thir.=-1 Cadiz, 1 Lisbon, 1 Malta, IGotien-
lotrgb, 2 tialigolatitl, 1. W.►terfrrcl.

' MILT, OF SIOCKS
Till% )AY AT"TWXLVE, &CLOCK.
( 0115,11,.. 571 58 Red. Ann.: .sGaii I Ompinm.. • 41i

'PH E SUN,

801.101 QlllB PJCIIU FALSCM ALIDEAT?

LONDON,
11/ ED 'AYES /),J V, JI,tNE 30, 1613.

MOST GLORIOUS NEWS.

Tile following most glorious intelligence has
just reached us, and all. the reniarks we had pre-
, pared on other subjects sink for the present into
insignificance. The hour of the deliverance of
Spain has, it should seem, at length arrived, and
the British nation will, we trust, speedily have .to
rejoice in the delightful—the splendid--the godlike
triumph of having rescued a great and gallant peo-
ple from 'the oppression of tyranny and the chains of
slavery. We know not how to find language to
congratulate our countrymen on the bright pro-
spect which is opened, of the general deliverance
:of mankind from the cruel yoke of a despot, by, the
illustrious exertions we have made on the Pcnin-
. sula. It was here the flame of independence first
burst forth ,and a people sprung to armsin resistance
to foreign invasion, resolved to live or die free. That
sacred flame has been communicated to Germany,
where it is every hour acquiring strength in every
part, and will shortly blaze* out with a 'degree of
fury that siwll ha' irresistible. And is it not
reffcet am to' cause gto;v
with rapture---to 'make us . lift ,our heads
• ' ' • ,
• among the nations that we' were the, great
cause of this sublime result—that British, trea-
sure has not been expended-,--that British blood
hail not been shed in,.vaitr: but that the sacrifices
we have submittecV to,---the' privations we have
cadored,—the extraordinary eflotts we have made,
have Leen crowned with snecebs so. paramount,
that it has twined a wreath of glory round
• our Country's fame, which will last while
the race of man hold a remembrance of what is
beneficient, virtuous, in the conduct of a
rttion ! We could dilate on this gratifying
theme till our pen was worn out, but we .will
not withliala c 0 render from the heart-gladden-
ing iuMligence- ha t..
VC 111$ ,d ay the supreme
pleasure of communicating.
OFF! Cl AL B LTLLP,TI N.

Lord KraTn has-transniitteil letters from Cap-
tain Sir G. COLI.MR, .daled Santantier, the--20th
and '?lst instant, announeing the advance' or the.
Marquis of WELLararoN. Sir G. COLLICA had

seen...nr. Cornrui•,sioner OGILVI/t, -.:ho had been':
sent Lord 'WELLINGTON'S instructions.
tive t.o
-," Nvitih:pf the cktle and works of
Bargt)s %vete blow& up by the enemy on the morn-
lug of
.the 13th, in eanserpteuee of the rapid. ad..'
Nance of the Allies : 30 of the . garrison perished
in the explosion. 'Sir T. GitAitAn crossed the
Ebro by the bridge of Areno on the 13th, and:
was ft)llowed by.the Army on the 1 tith at Quin-
tana, when Head-quarti.-rsweie at Villa-Caryo aucl
Medina de Pciinar.

" On. the 17Lh, Lord WELtANGTON'S head-quar-
ters were at Kincosa, and the next day it St. Mar-
tin's, about a league in advance. On the 18th
a conductor of artillery left his Lordship in that
neighbourlidod-.-171e reports to Sir GE.,;Rov. COL-
LIEU, that Lord WI LLiN6Tok was to fix his head-
,'
quarters on. the 19th within four leagues of

:oria.

•" The ene'iliy had d'estroyed the fortifications at
Pancorifo and at Miranda. Between 3 and 4000
men (probably PALO:memo's) were cut off from the
Bilboa road, on which they were obliged to re-
tire, followed up
.by some thousands of Spaniards
under General GIRON, with i3ritish 'cavalry and
artillery.

".The French GeneralStAttSrt's .diision. had
Suffered' a loss'of 2,500 men in their pursuit of
MINA, whichi however, had been assiduously
followed up, and Aiitqa had. been a goo 4 deal
pressed. PALOMEIN.O'S ICM iu the attack of and
march from Castro, was estimated 'to lm equally
