MYSTERIOUS AFF.4LIR.

(FROM A MORNING PAPER.)
In the summer season, about seve -and-twenty; ,
years ago, when his late Majesty was bout to make',
tif
.
•
his usual migration from Windsor t - Weyinoiltb,'
the Princess Sophia, then about 25 yeirs of, oge,
was in very indifferent health, insomuch 'that it be-
came
necessary for the party which left the Castle
the first day, and which consisted of the Princesses
Mary, Elizabeth, and Sophia, attended by the late
Generals Gwynne and Goldsworthy, and General
Garth, to rest at Andover for the night, instead of
making the journey in a single day, as was usual
with the Royal parties on such occasions; and when
they arrived at the Royal residence at Weymouth
the Princess was so exhausted, that it became ne-
cessary for her Royal Highness to be carried up
stairs in the arms of her attendants.

Soon after this, it happened that the wife of a
tailor, named Sherland, living on the Esplanade at
Weymouth, was one day delivered of a son, and
was doing well after her travail, tinder the care of a
Mr. Beaver, an accoucheur of the same place; but,
about three o'clock the next morning that gentle-
man returned to the tailor's house with another fine
boy in his arms, and soon afterwards the nurse ‘va
called and informed that her mistress had made he r
husband doubly happy by presenting him with a se-
cond son, twin to the first. The old lady was said
to be somewhat doubtful about the reality of this
circumstance, but there was little difficulty in per,
suading her to do her duty to the little new corner,
notwithstanding that there was much discussion
among the gossips about the skirt of a magnificent
dress which was said to have been the clothing of
the young stranger when delivered out of the arms
of the surgeon.
. _

On the morning after this strange affair occurred
at the house of the tailor, it was announced to the
Queen by Lady Cathcart and Lady Charlotte Brace,
who had been in attendance upon the Princess So-
phia during the night, that a great change had
taken place in the state of her Royal Highness in
the course of that period, and that the medical at-
tendant had declared that there was now every
prospect that her Royal Highness would be com-
pletely restored to health after a short period of rest
and quiet retirement. In fact, her Royal Highness
did recover so fast from this time, that there being a
grand route at Lady Caroline Darner's, at Dame,
about a month after, she was able to go there in a
close carriage, and make her first appearance in pub.
lie since her arrival at Weymouth.
In the meantime, the story of the silk skirt mark-
ed with a coronet, and the mysterious arrival of the
young hero, whose envelope it formed, was buzzed
about the town, and the tailor acquired no small
accession of trade and consequence, through the nu.
merous visits of the Nobility and Gentry, who made
an order for a riding habit, or a new suit of clothes,
a pretext for gratifying their curiosity, by inquiries
el
tr:dnatv inige to
asitghe
httalesnfthtn in
ehesubj circulation,
eetnfallthe and
small-talk
obikni
the then fashionable watering-place. In short, the
tailor was raised so much above his level in the
scale of importance, that he went about boasting
every where of the great charge committed to his
care, and at length went to General Garth, then
about 56 years of age, and living at Stinsford, close
to Dorchester—in the house previously occupied
by Lady Susan O'Brien—who supplied the funds
for the maintenance of the infant, and required to
know who were its real parents, in order that he
might consult directly with them as to its welfare.
This conduct, of course, led to the removal of tile
child into other hands, and the wife of a setjeant in
the Scots' Greys was hired to nurse it at the Gene-
ral's own house, and became its second foster-
mother. It was not long befere the Greys were or-
dered on foreign service, and the seijeant's wife fol-
lowing the fortunes of her husband, young Tom
Garth (for so he was soon afterwards called) was
sent to Mrs. Coayngham's, at Piddletown (where
General Garth now lives), to be nursed by one of
the female domestics of that lady. Our youthful
hero throve apace, and soon began to echo the many
inquiries made of him, by putting such questions to
the General as—" Who arc my mamma and papa ?"
To which the General would frequently reply,
" My dear, your mamma is not here ; but I am
your papa." At other times the General would
draw a miniature from his bosom, and say, " There.,
my love, kiss that—that is your mamma."
It may be easily imagined that this youngster, of
so mysterious an origin, was spared no indulgence
that the wealth and rank of his protectors could pro-
cure, and, as might naturally be expected, he quickly
began to play " h.--11 and Tommy" (or, " h—ll
and Jemmy," as a Noble and Learned Lord, now
the intimate friend and adviser of an illustrious per.
son, nameonsnecena
ll
called
si
tl)a tall! yr
round
dn
tchoen
enneteitntetodr3bru;ii:aturn:tliriaii!
eight years of age, the future driver of the haroncho
and four might be seen driving six goats in an on;?ri
phaeton into Dorehester, threatening
i
own neck, and ev
now ery one's
et endli snt:ehnttenithttc;eedptsal:ettotartielsrtroayot
locality
peoh,el
fti
period
recount,
vi
0,
I% N
ti
0, at
ysi
11 boef rtehaids ervn
l
eomnaht
nui
syr erssepa
el i
et
pu
ari
r.
e
t
with anestyin°ll:palosagtie.it:nAof his secret histev
them:rmtl
,eh, oceeleii.itenbt
acquaintedv: were
aea rsdevt
well agreed about his maternal origin, yet stil!„ con-
sidering the disparity of years and Other circum-
stances, between tho lady and the
whom she is now said to hav 'gallant officer, to
been united by the
forms of marriage, it Was thought that the paternal
adoption was but assumed by the latter, and the
Pnoi?beeritclev
ebeyn lteitl tee r,
partiesw hi which wastbi
sk nt
time,
might top ri
bv aet enactorzis
mightt be accounted for on other suppositions ; but,
nowit is
calledno t
iquestionii recollected that
by
publicthe
namruemoof
rumour
rhwe
was p•
tb4t time hinted at. Among the names ;Aced u at
at at the time was that of a gallant See. Commander,
then in high favour with his h•-•
H. ..te Majesty (Sir

* Letters were brought frr.;in the Princess by the loyal
Pages, with strict urders!ihat they should be delivered to
the General himself.

The East India Company's ship Berwick_
shire and Duchess of Athol!, from China, arrived off the
Isle of Wight yesterday. The former was despatched on
the 2(lib of November, with the Edinburgh and Dunire.,
[kW the latter about the 24th. The Berwickshire
.0; rived
lat St: Helena on the 19th of January, and SD'aed fi on,
thence the same day. The undermentioned s'lT:ips arrived
in China as follows —Canning on the 180.. and London
on the 19th of August; Orwell on the 9th, Castle
Huntley on the 10th, Sir David Scott On the 12th, a.oi
-Abercrombie Robinson on the 23d of September;
Fairlie, Marquis Camden, and .3facqueen, on the 15th,
George the Fourth and Marquis _Huntley cm the 16th.
Reliance on the 17th, and Earl 0,1 Bukari•as and Lard
77th4c4:fasNCO:eurattbes or.n thTeh6eth
Lorda d Lwadi
Lowther on the 11 th of October; Gen,,ral and
spoke by the American ship Neu Jersey, on the 3d of
October, in the Straits of Gaspar. The Sir David Scol7l
was expected to be clespati.:,—t
about the 24th of N-jvem.,
laKmenßnaeintaiTicoknytt,la74
her; the Abercrombie 7-cobinson, and t3lar2u4 'of Huntley
about the let of Drember
the Reliance Earl of Bat -
carras, and r
...-eor.ge the Fourth
out the 4th. Thu
C'lnni7W
'dnaWilliam Fairli* r ere to touch at the Cape.
The city of Exeter and neighbourhood were
visited on Thursday r.',eht, with a fill of snow, which lay
on the ground hours, several inches deep.—Plymouth
Journal.

ATROCIOUS CRUELTY.—A few weeks ago,
a female pauper, whose settlement is at Alidgley, near Ha-
lifax, was discovered in the workhouse of that place, in a
state of the utmost destitution, and bearing evident marks
of the most cruel treatment having been practised towards
her, by the unfeeling officer, whose duty it was to see her
properly attended to. She was chained by the leg to ti.o.).
stone pavement of a hole not more than three feet
which she was never permitted to leave. When discover-.
ed, she was without bed or bedding, or a rag of clothes,
There was a quantity of straw in the hole, which was only
renewed once a fortnight. The unfortunate woman %Irae
removed into the Lunatic Asylum, at Wakefield, on the
24th ult. Dr. Ellis has published a statement of her ease,
and we hope the perpetrator of this outrage upon
humanity
will not go unpunished,—..Leeds Intelliyenrer.

SECOND" EDITION.
SUN OFFICE,, Seven o'clock.

•Pope, aud the Pope was favoutabla to the Catholic priests,
but notwithstanding this the Catholic priests of France
had the tithes taken from them. Why did not the Pope
prevent this?—(llear, bear.)—He could not, for the
people of the present day wet e more enlightened than they
were in former times, and they would not sulanit, though
Roman Catholics, to the power of the priesthood or the
Popo--(Great marks of disapprobation.)—He thanked the
meeting fur so patient a hearing, and concluded by ex-
' pressing an earnest hops that they would negative the pe-
tition by a large majority—(hisses and cheers, the former
predominating.)
Mr. SHICPLEY (of Carshalton) now -rose and said, that
if he had refrained from attending that meeting, he should
rot think himself worthy of being a freeholder of the
county. He would not deny but that it might be laud-
able to have a strong aversion for the 'lonian Catholic
faith, but lie (Mr. Shepley) would never say that
it could be creditable to the sense- and courage of Eng-
lishmen to be afraid of Popery.—(Great cheering.)—
Surely there could not be one person in that meeting who
had a just claim to wear breeches, who could entertain so
absurd awl groundless a fear.—(Creat cheering, and a cry
from a person in the crowd of—" You have been reading
Shakespeare.") They hail heard much of the Coronation
Oath as standing its the way of the rights of their Roman
'Catholic fellow-subjects.—(Uproar and confusion.) One
gentleman amongst the meetinc, was aware that it did not
stand in the way. Mr. Pallmer, the Member for the
county, knew better—he knew, from his long intimacy
with thelate Lord Liverpool, that the Coronation Oath
did not stand in the way of concessions to the Catho-
lics.—(Disapprobation.) The King, however, pas not
bound only by`itte Coronation Oath, but he was bound,
he might say, by another oath—he was bound by as strong a
tie as the Coronation 004 h—by the seal of his ancestors—he
was bound by the birth right of Englishmen, and by the
foundation of British liberty—Magna Charta itself—not
to deny justice to any man. How much less then was he
authorized to deny it to six 'millions of British subjects.
(Uproar.)
A person in the crowd here called out, " Only five
millions." (Laughter.)
There were many persons present who could inform
the meeting that, at the time of the union with Scotland,
the same alarm was attempted to be raised at the idea of
admittinj Scotch Presbyterians into Parliament. The
measure, however, passed, but still no Englishman be-
came a Presbyterian. (Disapprobation.) On the con-
trary numbers of the Presbyterians had conformed to the
Church of England. (Disapprobotion.) Since that day
the Highlander had laid aside his dirk, and had forgotten
rebellion. (A cry of 1745.) Would they believe then
that the proverbially generous and open-hearted Irishman
—(here the uproar became so great that it was some mi-
nutes before he could finish the sentence—the Irish were
evidently at an alarming discount)—would reward their
confidence by treachery. (Cries of no,no, and disappro-
bation.) Let them not believe it—it was a lie—(cheer-
hag and uproar)—and a lie dictated by the father of lies
—(a voice in the crowd, " The Pope,"—great laughter)
—to prevent that union amongst Christian people which
would shake the kingdom of evil to its foundation. (Dis-
approbation ) They had been told that the learning of the
country was enlisted in the ranks of oppression, but he
would tell them that the sentiments he uttered were the
sentiments of the loyal, enlightened, and learned University
of Cambridge—(Cries of No, no, and uproar.)—lle
trusted they woldd not suffer their good sense to be im-
posed upon—he hoped that men's minds would not be led
astray, though all the blackguards in England (Here a
srede of uproar commenced which it is impossible to de-
scribe—Cries of " Off ! off!" and " Go back to the Uni-
versity !" mingled with discordant noises of every descrip-
tion ke!,t Mr. Shepley from speaking another word for
at least five minutes.)
Mr. CATER Cie!) rose, and said, that he must entreat
that they would hear Mr. Shepley to a else. If they
had :only a little patience, they would saon perceive that
Mr. Shepley nevtr intended to apply the obnoxious terms
to them, _ _ .

..,,...,
EPSO3I,,(THIS DAY.)

THIRD 't PRESS`.

MR. HENRY HUNT'S SPEECH CONCLUDED PROM OUR

TIIIRU PAGE.

Here a person in the crowd cried out you are ping to de-
fend Popery, which is as black as your blacking). Mr.
Hunt said, he Lad come to the meeting for the purpose of
puffing his blacking, but- he was very much obliged to the
gentleman who had done so fur him.—(Loud laughter. )
Such exelantationa might be useful to him in the sale of
his blacking, and he thanked the gentleman for his kind-
ness, hut he did not think that they would answer the
purpose of argument, for those who might differ with him.
The cries of No Popery were fast dying away, in days not
long gone by, it was the fashion in a high quarter, when
Jsis present Majesty was in certain convivial society,
to drink as a standing toast, " May God protect us from
Popery, slavery, brass money, and wooden shoes ;" lat-
terly they heard little of brass money and wooden shoes,
and even slavery was little talked of, but the cry of No
Popery was still occasionally heard ; but even this rem-
,,ant of liberal fashion would, he hoped, be soon forgotten,
not that he wished to prevent Popery, but because in his
heart he believed that those who raised the cry did it for
Vila sad fur sinister purposes. According to his notion of
Popery, as raisted by; our ancestors, it consisted in the
possession of monasteries, tithes, and other church pro-
perty—(loud cries of " Hear, hear)—and she did not owe
the annihi:ation, or rather the transfer of that
-Property from one set of men to another to the spirit of
linerty, but to the eircumstance of Henry the Eighth failing
to get the sanction of the Pope to his third or fourth mar-
riage; a cry was then raised, as at present, that the Church
was in itapg,er, but at present at least it was only the tithes
were in danger. He agreed with those who stated the
Catholic Monareby had an eye to the tithes.—(Cheers.)
--This be had upon the authority of Doctor Doyle, and
he never yet met a Catholic who did not appelr to think
00,—(Here there was some uproar. )—Mr. Hunt said it
was very difficult to please those gendemen who were not
pteased with facts, even when they bore upon their
own sick of the question—(Great laughter)—but whilst
be stated,. that the Catholics wished to obtain, and whilst
as sincerely wished to prevent them, he must at the
same time say, that in the time of Catholics tithes were
414rently apportioned from the manner. in which they
were s present.—(Cheers, and uproar )—At that time
ooe-thirif of tithes were given for the support of the Clergy,
one-third far the repairs of the Church, and one-third fcr
the relief of the poor. If this appropriation of tithes took
;are at present, the Freeholders of Surrey, as well as those
of all Engiend, would be relieved front poor-rates and other
oases which pressed heavily upon them--(Cheers.)—
be was no enemy to poor's rates, but he wished to see them
paid out of the tithes.—(Uproar and cheers.)—There was
one sub :feet on which he agreed with Mr. Pownall—name-
ly, that the petitions of the people of England slid not
receive due atteetion in the House of Coromons—(loud
eheers)—and he was sure if the opinions of the people of
England were regarded, that many of the abuses which
sow existed would be removed,—(Cheers.)—He was
NV jai:lg to acknowledge that the feetinge of the people of
En2hand were hostile to Catholic Ermuicip,tion ; but they
were equally opposed to the measures which had been
earrieo4 in Parliament. No man regretted more than
tbr iuions of the people of England disre-

he did to b. !.e op, - -
petted to see such treatment whilst
gerded, but he ale..e" ex
preventiwe a Reform.—(Loud
parliament succeecieu.
oart le thought it a mockery
cheers and uproar.)--For M.;
he. ghoul(' recommend
to petition the House of Commons,
)....esuid another to
a petition to the Lords—! Loud cheers
:ver to ere
the Throne.:—(Chrers.)—He should he sorry
the people of England petition a . House which treater
their petitions with scorn.—(Cheers.)—They might peti-
tion the King and the House of Lords if they wished,
but they should not have called it the petition of the un-
dersigned ; they ought rather to cull it the petition of the
eosuity of Surrey, if it should be agreed to.—(Cries of No,
no!) He had no objection to their sending it to the dorne
moos. if it could be presented in time ; but befere it could
be presented, the Bill would be passed through the Coin-
lidollS.—(Hear, and cries of No, no !) He coincided with
a great deal that was in the petition,: and would therefore
move airesolution to be added to it.—(Hear)—He had come
to the Meeting without a single soul to assist him, and
;thereto,: he had no one to second his resolution. He was
addressing his brother Freeholders, and if they approved
of time Resolution some one of them would second it,*and
it woteld be put to the Meeting. If they disapproved of
it of course it would be rejected. Mr Hunt here read the
fallowing Resolution, which was received with loud cheers
ai aogreat deal of laughter. Several persons cried out
d ntiet the resolution was exeellent, admirable. It was to
time filoeving effect:—
" Resoiseed—That it is the opinlan pf this Meeting
that it is in vain far the people to petition the
lurk of C'omraons as it is at present constituted, ea the
Members of that Hence do not represent the voice and
feelings of the majority a the people." He had only one
efted more to say on this subject. They said that lie
came in no disguise thought the people of England
bad !Len treated most infamously.--(Greet cheers.)—Ele
rniglit be %Mpg, but that was his opinion, and therefore
be ,:auglit it right to chip that resolution to the heels of
a petition
the K.l,res and the House of Lords.—(Roars
of lawlaughter fors eevereeleaaentes.)—Mr. Here paused for
.
: tes her eliat some one would second
seine moments, in ,
the petition.
Pd-
One gentleman did ao, but L.:, Wag eleseesiioned,
mitted that he was not a freeholder.
The resolution was then seconded by a 171Itleirlan
in a remote part of tire meeting, but the
believe
Mr. ;Dint was not aware of the fact.
Mr. Leaf rt then rose and said, that he attended
from the very ;.aver part of the county, because he
considered the peto:e!on to be presented to be of
the utmost importance to the country. Before he pro-
ceded farther, he would state eLearly to the meeting, that
he was decidedly opposed to the C,atholic religion.—
(Cheers.)—Let the Protestant Establisioe,ent have fair
plao, and by the force of reason it would bear the Ro-
man Catholic religion down at once.—(Great cheering.)
eeOlany of the greatest men time country ever produced
were -f this opinion, and in accordance with it he
thought 1::lat the present Bill would secure and
male the Prott2tant Eestablishment much more firm than
ever.—(Great conssesion, and marks of disapprobation.)-_.
That was his opinion, but the meeting were perfectly at
liberty to entertain theirs. Ile came there to do his duty,
others did the same, and he ,ifoped they would all vote as
:
they considered for the benefit of the United Kingdom.—
Many great men hail supported the caeise of Catholic Eman-
cipation, and they hail now a Prime is mister—(hisses)—and
Mr. Peel—(hisses)—these two disti:iguiehed individuals
were last year as much opposed to Cathe'lie Emancipation
as some of those who disepproved of what Was saying,
but the Duke now saw that there was a necessity for eon-
ceeelon, in order to prevent the risk of a rebellion id Ire-
land.-.-(Disapprobation and uproar.)--They might
vote as they pleased, but they would much oblige biol
they would only hear what he had to say.—(Laughter:)
Of all nations in the world, the people of this country
were the most firm and honest—(great cheering),—snd
he was sure they would submit to nothing which would
weaken she Protestant Establishment. He would only
suppose for a moment that a Roman Catholic Priesthood
were set over them—would they submit to it?—(Cries
" no, no," and cheers.)—What lie would ask,
were the meaures now proposed? The people of
Ireland are five-sevenths of them Roman Catholics,
and they wished to bo represented in the House of Com-
mons by some of their own body. He would suppose
t;emt ane hundred of there got into the House Ccm-
mons ;--what were a hundred• Catholics against five
hundred Pre:!estants ? (Just at this juncture, two o'clock,
Mr. Hunt's blae;eng van passed through the crowd with
French horns playing, which excited a vast :teal of amuse-
ment, and drew the whe)e attention of the il!eeting to
the virtues of his matchless Biefling. At that partlePlax
moment Mr. Hunt was confessed :etle greatest man at the
Meeting, for all eyes revel ted from the It:: sting to his own:
countenance which acknowledged the complimee:t hyblushe)
They had also a Protestant King, and he hoped the.: they
would never see any man on the throne who was not a
Protestant. (A person in the crowd cried out—" why
not.)—Then the church patronage was to be at the dis-
posal of the Lord Chancellor, and he also was to be a Pro-
testant.—(A freeholder cried out—" tell us how long the
present Chancellor will remain a Protestant.")—Let them
look to their own Establish:neut. In former days the
High Church had adopted the doctrines of arbitrary
power—the doctrines of passive obedience and non-re-
sistance. Now if there was any doctrine more slavish
then another—snore despicable than another—it was the
doctrine of non-resistance.—(Cheers.)—lf they looked to
the Catholic Courts of France, they would easily per-
ceive that the power of the Pope of Rome in
the present day differed from what it Was in former
times. The Roman Catholic Priests were favourable to the

Mr. H. Sumwen. rose amidst great confueion.—l ant
not going to detain you ; I only rise to speak to order.
Every person who is a freeholder of the county has a right
to be beard; he is entitled to a hearing as long as he be.
is eintved himself with decency.—(Hear, and a laugh.)—
But, Gentlemen, when he violates that, he forfei.s his
right; and ouglit ;let to be entitled to the indulgence.
Mr. SLIZPLRY attempted to explain, but the noise was
so great that not a word could be heard.—(A voice " You
had better sit down--you took very ill.")
Rev. Mr. FERRERS, Rector of Beddington, then pre-
sented himself to the Meeting, but it was some time before
he could catch a single word the Reverend Gentleman
said. We understood him to speak in very thigh
terms of the c.havacter of Mr. Shepley, that he was
friendly to emancipating, hut a sincere supporter of the
Protestant Constitution. —(1.3, au), oft cheers. mixed
with hisses, and cries of " We want no 11.inistone and
Faggots.)
Mr. PA YNR CA RR then rose amidst great canfesion, he
would not trouble them long, but address himself to the
sabject upon which they had met ; the question was,
should they or should they not surrender the Protestant
Constitution without a struggle.—(Hear, hear,) and a per-
inn who we think must have been brought from; London,
called out " No we vont render it."--They were told that
none but educated people could understand this question, but
lie would say the humblest individual could judge of the MCa-
sure—(Laughw, end cries of " to be sure we can.")—
No Catholic, since the glrioys revolution of 1688, bad
been admitted into the high offices ol State, or either of
the Houses of Parliament ; and if it "was put to the
common sense of England, they never would.—(No, no,
and yes, yes, mixed with hisses.)—He was aware Ireland
was in a bad
.ptate, hot it was all owing to the line of policy
that had been pursued by Minietfrs they bah suffered the
Catholic .Assoctation to gain that pitch ; that they lauded
it over the land anti enforce the G.overnmenis to submit.
(Hear, hear.)—He would ask them, suppost 016,- harl
Roman Catholic Government, would they suffer a
a Ree,trepr like the present ? No, they would disperse it
with bkfoielkede and punish the ringleaders —(Great
'eughter? and ,rtes o !‘ yc9. never read Sir Francis Bur-
dett's ,naeet,,)„_lf tfie nieabur was greeted would it give
tranquillity totre4444-4.__yes yes-:-No;no.)--Tilie people
of Ireland had heeri
taught lq their .designing priksta• to
expect that with Catholic 5112aneipation they would get
every temporal comfort.—(Cries of no such thing.)—He
could assure them it was so. He woultiaoo. ask them
was it fit and proper that Mipi,tors should change the
Constitution. 1N hat had the Catholige to complain of,
they were allowed to worship God according 4 gte
dictates of their conscience—their property and numbers
during the last 2.0 years had much increased, it was ab-
surd to say they were treated with injustice—(Yes, they
are)--...vas it fit that Catholics should legislate for Pro-
testants ?..-(Cries of " No, no," an 4 " Yes, yes.)—He
would assert that they were labouring tinder no ckil dis-
ability—(Yes, they are--No, nu.)—yet Dliniaters were
about to surrender the Constitution, Rod all the petitions
against it were treated with scorn. Ho wpoltl here eu-
logise the manly and consistent condudct of (me pf their
Representatives—(Which do you mean?)—He meant
" Pallmer."—(Cbslers end Lisses.)—He was
consistcont,
but Nlinisters, in the autitir of one short ean
with all their principle, and lost the eArtfidence of the pec-
ple.--(No, no, no, and yes yes.).—lle could pot conclude
without noticing the firm and honourable vonthict pf ono
distinguished plarecate of the Protestant cause, be meant
the Attorney-Gerwel, (or perhaps new Sir Charles
Wetherell) bet would not lend himself to the destruction
of the Constituion, he would Rol., 4.4 he emphatically said,
rc siget its death warrant"_—they ppy,4 4y oppose it, if
they did. not, the Constitution tees gone-e-lie vapid Fpn-
elude by baying, that every Englishmen ought to oppose
the pernicious ipeasures introduced by Ministers,—(Cheers
and hisees.)
Mr. Batscor ant NI-dressed the meeting and said,—
Gentlemen, I did not come here for the purpose of ad-
dressing you, but after the speech that has just been deli-
vered, I cannot abstain from begging the favour of being
heard. It has been stated that this great ()option has
been, and can only be, argued on the ground 9f expo-
diency. Now, I beg most distinctly to repudiate that
argument.--(Cheers. )—I appeal to the very first principles
of justice—to the political principles of the Constitution--I
appeal to your feelings as Christians to hear me out in
the few observations I have to make, for I address you as
Englishmen and as Christians to bear me out in the few
observations I have to make, and beseech you to hear me
with :patience. I ask you, among those inlrsent and
inalienable principles of the rights of conscience are an
Among the first?—(Great isltd loud cheering )--
Ae
;niury hai been dune to the Bdenaan Catholics, as
ell olasses of Christiana, by nnt referring
T beg you to keep them in view. I. ark
conscience are not patarir,4o
T say, fearlessly, that in
• -ice are superior to

Lear, bear,7and cries of that's -fir play !' Go it my boy !)
My friends, we have heard much to-day by those who have
addressed you upon the subject of religious liberty, and by
some for the first time. Now I would ask you, what is

the essential and sacred principle of the British Constitu-
tion? Is it not that every free-born subject has a right to
a voice in the making of those laws—(drowned in cries of
no, no,—bravo, bravo, and great confusion)—those laws
which are to govern the. proceedings of the country.—
Gentlemen, I repeat that this is an essential and almost
sacred principle of the British Constitution.—(Cries of
" No, no," and " Bravo.")—l would ask you, as Surrey
freeholders, candidly and fairly, possessing as you do, the
elective franchise, if the law only permitted you to vote
fur Catholic Representatives, whether you would not re-
ject such a privilege as a beggarly insult. I would ask you
whether you would not assemble here not only once, but
from year to year,and even from week to week,and take every
legal and constitutional means to obtain what you thought

your right, to return a Representative to Parliament who
had a community of sentiment with yourselves ?_(Laud
cheers.)—Well then, in Ireland our fellow-subjects pos-
sess the elective franchise, but they arc only allowed to
return Protestant Representatives.—(Year, hear, hear.)
—Then, if you feel.-the force of what I have been stating
to you—if, as Protestant freeholders, you could only vote
for a Catholic Representative. Let me ask you, whether,
as Englishmen, you had your just rights, and thought
your privileges could be secured by the representation of
those who differed so materially from you on the greatest
and most important of all questions—Religion.—(lm
mense cheering, which continued for some minutes,)—
Gentlemen, you have front me, I do assure you,
a most candid opinion, and the undisguised sentiments of
my heart.—(Cheers.) I have devoted a large portion of
my time to reading and to observation, and I have had
considerable experience. Allusion has been made to facts
colected by travelling inforeian countries. I have passed
twelve mouths in Ireland ; I have passed much of my
time at the head-quarters of Popery in Italy, Ger-
many, and other parts ; and, I do assure you, that
the result of my honest experience is, that in nothing has
the Church of England, to which I am devotedly attached,
Cause to be afraid. I appeal to any one who has known
me, and lam sure he will say, that. a more sincere and
devoted Protestant, both from education and habits, does
not exist; and if I believed there was any danger to the
Established Church, there would be no risk fur me
too great to oppose it.—(Loud and continued cheers).--;
Now, gentlemen, I have touched ou these points—points
as I conceive to be regarding our duties—and as men and
Englishmen as stil 1 higher duty fur us to discharge re-
mains—namely, that of Christianity.--(Cheers.)—l per-
fectly well know that this question is argued by many, and
by many whom I highly respect—entirely on religious
grounds. lam willing to meet those who differ with me
in that view of the question. If lam wilted to argue with

them, then I approach the ground with the greatest awe,
and I take the golden law which pervades the Bible from
beginning to end—" Do unto others as you:would be done
unto." (Great cheers.) I have been taught—we have
all been taught—" To love our neighbours as ourselves."
(Great cheering.) lam told in that sacred book, from
which there can be no appeal, that that is the distinguish-
ing—the all-prevailing principle of Christianity—(im-
mense applause)—and I can assure you, Gentlemen, when
I look at this question as a man—as an Englishman—or as
a Christian—that I feel convinced in these several capaci-

ties, I am discharging my duty in advocating the granting
the removal of civil d isabilities to my fellow RomarrCatholic
subjects in Ireland. Gentlemen, these are a few points that
respect principle. I have not yet argued the question de
hors expediency, but upon this, as well as upon every other
way of considering the subject, the first question is, what
is our duty? I own it does happen in this as in most
other instances, that our interest accompanies our duty.—
(Cheers. )—lt has been stated, as a matter of fact, that
six millions of our fellow-subjects in Ireland are all united
to a man to obtain what I conceive to be their just privilrgts.
and do nut think if I were an Irishman and a Roman Ca-

tholic, that I could endure those years of villainy and op-
pression which the Irish nation has been subject to.—
(Cheers and confusion.)—Gentlemen, there is another im-
portant view in which sensible and superior-minded men
look at this question. I shall tell you an anecdote that
was related to me a few days ago :—A very influential
gentleman told me lie had changed his views on this subject.
I asked him if he hid satisfied his own mind ? " Yes,"
he said, " I have; I am of opinion upon principle that
this Question ought to be conceded. There is another
reason," he added. " why Emancipation ought to be
granted—because it will' make a difference,l I suppose of
ten millions a-year to the Revenue in this country." 1
asked him to explain what he meant? He said, do you
know what a large force you have at present in Ire-
land to keep that country in subjection ? We have
thirty thousand men there—thirty thousand men
ready to march to any part of the county upon the
first appearance of insurrection ; and I believe the annual
expenditure of that force to this country is little less than
three iniiliona. In addition to that, in other ways, there
would be an increased revenue to this of six or seven mile
lions a-year.—(Loud cheering.)—An Hon. Member of
the Legislature enquired what the revenue was of 14
millions of people in England ? and it was proved
to be fifty millions,—(hear, hear,)—while the revenue
of seven millions in Ireland was only five millions. Now,
why isthie ? If the Irish were placed on the same foot-
ing with ourselves—if there was an equal security given
to property in Ireland to what there is in this country, I
have not the least doubt that the revenue of Ireland would
most materially increase; and for one thing, I believe, we
should have the house and window taxes taken off. You
have 'peen told to-day that the misery, and poverty, and
distress Whie;li oda:sin 404u4 would not in any degree be
relieved by Catholic Emancipation ; but I alit not 4f that
opinion ; and if you ask me why,—l would simply state
because habits of industry would be formed, and culti-
yated there as here. At present theme is no capital there ;
and if you ask why, the answer is who would go to a
country with a property where there is no security ? Who
would embaik his property ip the employment
of individuals and in. 'different ways, where an in-
surrection and reVellion might take place in an
hour, by which the whole of that property might
be swept away ?—(Cheers.)—l have therefore no hesita-
tion in saying that on the score of interest only, even if
you looie. to the question upon that alone, you ought to
vote for Catholic; a7.lnancipation.—(Loud cries of no, no,
and immense c:litierit.)i do aseeee you that is my firm
persuasion.—(Great Confusion,. and crux of f. off, off.")
—lf we are 'persuaded that our Church and Chiiitianity
are as they ought to be, and secure, then we need not fear.
(Confusion, and cries of " Let well alone.")—l ant quite
sure that of you will become a Catholic, though it
is my firm conviction, on gip other hand, that many of
the Roman Catholics will Lippe Prcteatants.--411ravo,
bravo--hear, hear, and cries of "Dawn; thiitrinr:):e;;Gen-
tieman, I have addressed you candidly and dispassionately,
and I entreat you to pay that attention, and that attention
only, to t;ap obeervations I have made asan honest freeholder
of de county of Surrey. As I said tefore, I came not
here• to addresis you, • but '1 should not have discharged
my duty, if I had abstained from attracting' your attention;
after haying heard the • sentiments 'expressed by Others
which were so valiance with my Own. l‘trust,
that by your vote this day you will
"that
lenat assure the
King and his Majesty's Government, that yo'u iyarnaiy
concur in tl:e measure.—(Cries of " Na, no, no.")-1
may be mistaken, but I hope the majority of this Meeting
will he fuand to approve most cordially of the measure now
proposed Meeee:ty'e Government. I shall not longer
detain you, but thank yojafne''ehe knelncea and attention
with which you have heard w.--(Lekld .eheeo 'and
confueion.)

VOIT RTII EXPRESS.
SUN ()Pk-WE, Tird-r-past Sever.
Rev. Mr. iill'lttrr. addressed the meeting, and was assailed
from some quarters with a cry of tithes: He complained
in warm terms that whenever a ge77l4.ncaole forward
to address a public meeting persons were found to assail
him, as if he were lonly governed by temporal interests.
This w.i.s as it should be in this time of the liberal pro-
gressPeuPie judging only from
of tke hiaufait7 mind, when
their
.own selfish motives, FaF.i.l:.d others were governed
ruerejy by the same. 'lle entreated the e34:;;itry to bear in
mind'that the utinOst pains were taken by Pattfolics to dis T.
seminate works in fo-our of their faith, to some of wliich be
meant to point their attention, First, in an'artiele in tWe
Westminster Review, entitled " the PQWcal •Waggen,"
where it was described, that the state, with theez.4:l4ion
of the Catholics, resembled a wrggon to which teams of
grey and bia.4.o:rorses were yoked in opposite directions,
iy
and consequently odic; 4ifferent ways. Now, what was
intended at the present time7rto yoke these different co-
)yreference to their
azt
team,disposition—when
.v i tll o il t
probab a
4pre ied.a horsesiar nature
inu re the
and saine
carter Mlght Anil }pit the irregular gait of the anunais
would shake the Ye-bWe :to p 4: --
t
7s, and spread its fragments
along the road. It was this dnniger yl4l. he wished to
-t—it was this frlcturehe wanted to save. i'l). -gr.
then warmly cicureCti thp necessity, 'as kiial
• ....-4'll, of their raiiykg, Nvo• ce'.., r;
tuonatt:-
was assailed by the mot Orr
-Nit the introduction
' '' kingdom.
- .1,,

great ,
well as to
to first principles, a
you whether the rights o.
to all others ?—(llear, hear. )--
all religious matters the rights of comet.-
all human authority and all human power.—ks.
Each man has a right to worship God from
Altar of a pure breast, without being amenable to l ave..
any human responsibility.—(Continued applause.)— Gentlemau
This is a right destowed by Heaven, and to he at.rogated and constitutional
by mau._(continued cheers.)—lf in this you agree with I tion at this moment, when
me, I call upon you to render that measure of justice to genius and insidious means, and pre._
others which, you claim separately for )ourselves.— (Hear, of Popery into the Legislature of tu...
hear.)--I say to you—" be just and fear not."—(blear, lie thought the error committed by.the Legislators of •

country was that they thought they could legislate without
regard to the Providence of God, which, in his mind,
should be the guide of all legislation ; for not only did
Divine Providence rule in Heaven, but also upon earth.
Ile thought that the sacred word of God should be regarded
in all legislation, and that religion should be made a
part and parcel of the law of the land. --(Cheers. )
Mr. Ditmsost presented himself amidst loud cheers and
murmurs. He said, that since he first offered himself to
the attention of the Freeholders of Surrey, he never had
in the least disguised his sentiments. He should, what-
ever might be the consequence of such avowals, persevere
in the same course ; he had always avowed himself,
and he still continued to be the consistent friend of civil
and religious liberty, and the supporter of those measures
which would give encouragement to Itorn►n Catholics,
and place them on an equality with their fellow-subjects.
—(Cheers and rouriners).—He had no apologies to make,
because he came forward to avow and act upon his
formal declarations—(Loud cheers)—and he was sure
the Freeholders of Surrey would despise hint if be
sacrificed his opinions merely for the purpose of gain-
ing a little temporary popularity. He did not mean to
trouble them with many observations upon what had just
fallen from other gentlemen, but of the Rev. Gentleman
who spoke last he would say that he appeared to have mis-
taken the day, and thought it was Sunday—(Laughter)—
for instead of a speech, the Rev. Gentleman had delivered
a sermon.

Mr. M‘Nr.za denied that Sunday was the only day on
which Clergymen were to speak. It was to him a subject
of regret that there were too many Sunday Clergymen
who were afraid to enforce the duties of their calling on
week days—(cheers)—and to this negligence or indifference
did he in a great degree attribute the growth of Popery.
(Cheers.)
Mr. DENISON resumed—He said the reason why he
supported the measures at present before Parliament,
were because they would firmly estah ish and strengthen
the Constitution of his country and support the Pro-
testant establishments, and that he had voted for them.
It had been said, he believed, at a Guildford meeting
that the Catholic claims were only supported by libel ale,
radicals, and infidels, he denied it ; and whilst he admit-
ted that many worthy characters opposed these measures,
he must claim, for the friends of Catholic claims, as high
characters as their opponents;—(hear, hear, hear)—
ha would say, that three-fourths of the talent of the
country were enlisted on the side of concession.—( Hear.)
--(Cheers, and cries of no, no.)—He contended it was so,
not only at present but for many years. The names of
Fox, Pitt, Burke, Sheridan, and others, would go down
to posterity, whilst the pages of English history existed ;
and of the opponents of the measures he would say, that they
were generally actuated by local prejudices, narrow bigotry,
and mistaken notions.—(Loud murmurs and cheers.)—
He would put it to the people of England; whether we
ought to deny the benefits of the Contitution to those men
who fought their battles in the army and navy, and the
descendants who asserted in achieving the greatest glories
recorded in the annals of British history,—(Cheers.)—
was it he would ask policy, was it religion, to prevent
any man to worship his Cod according to the dictates of
his conscience ; lie did not entertain fears from the admis-
sion of Catholics to power, as he thought it impossible for
any combination of that body to overthrow the Protestant
religion ; in addition to the injustice of coercing the
Roman Catholics, he would tell Gentlemen that it was an
expensive policy ; 30,000 men were required to keep that
country tranquil, but unfortunately the policy hitherto
was to paralyze the energies of that country instead of
strengthening her resources, and making her a tower of
wealth and strength to the United Empire. He would
ask those gentlemen who opposed the measures of Co-
vet nment what course of policy would they pursue to.
wards that unfortunate country ?—(Cries of give them
poor laws.)—lle 'would rather say, give them justice,
and then five-sixths of the British army would not be
necessary to keep that country quiet. Even if the present
measures of Government were defeated, he would ask
where would the country find another fit Ministry.—
(Uproar and cheers.)—lle did not see any person on the
other side of the question who was competent to
undertake the management of public affairs.—(Great con-
fusion.)—He had as great respect as any person for the
forensic abilities of Lord 'Eldon, but as a politician he was
never suspected of any extensive or statesmanlike conduct.
Mr. Peel admitted the danger to Protestant Ascendancy,
but that ha said was remote. This would stop the pm in-
ciple emigration. He was sorry, for his part, that it was
his duty to explain his sentiments, though not in ac-
cordance with the majority present, but his invada-
ble practice, here or elsewhere, was to state his opinion
fearlessly and frai4zly, and lie believed in his conscience
this measure weuld be beneficial to the community.

FIFTH EXPRESS.
SUN OFFICE, Eight o'Clock

have all admitted that this measure alone cannot pacify
Ireland.--(Cheers.)—lt is only the prelude to ulterior
measures. I admit freely that Ireland has been most
scandalously misgovert.ed, but that misgovernment is not
to be remedied by the surrender of the Constitution.—
Why not introduce the Poor Laws.—(Cries of " No.")—
I say the introduction of the Poor Laws would be bene-
ficial to Ireland ; and I maintain that the Poor Laws is a

blessing to this country.—(Hear, bear.)—l would ask
the Magistrates of the kingdom if they could answer for
the peace of their respective districts if it were n 43 fur the
Poor Laws.—(Cheers.)--I do not mean to say that they
are rightly administered ; but the first ptinciple of
law is, that the poor should be fed from the pro-
duce of the land ; for if the poor man gives
all he has got—his labour—to the community, surely he
has a right to his living in return. (Cheers.) lam cer-
tain that ulterior measures will follow those at present to
be conceded, and those measures will be the seizure of
churai property.
Mr. HUNT-The tithes.

Mr. DaummoNn—The tithes—be it so—but why
not honestly say so ? Why not say that the object
is that of pulling down the church, and not the tranquil-
lization of Ireland. (Great cheering.) The dissenters
I know, look to such an event.—(Cries of no.)—l say
they do, and I think they are right in so doing. If they
believe that Protestantism is part of the religion of Ba-
bylon, they do right to pull it down ; and, on the same
believing, as I do, that Popery is part of the re-
ligion of Babylon, I will pull it down if I can.—(Enthu-
siastic cheering.)—l have spoken to Dissenters and to
Catho ics since I left home, fur the purpose of coining to
this Meeting, and they admit that their object is what
I have represented it to be.—(Cheers.)—l think you have
no right to be dissatisfied with your worthy Member (Mr.
Denison,) for he acted towards you with the most perfect
fairness. At the last election he told you, and I know the
fact, for I was myself present, being at the time your High
Sheriff, he told you his opinions upon the Catholic question,
and after doing so you thought proper to return him, and
he has since wily acted in accordance with the principles then
avowed. Under these circumstances I think you will not
be acting fairly to:yards him if you withdraw from him
your confidence ; and honesty is so rare a virtue, that you
ought to cherish it as a tender plant—(Cheers)—and for
my own part, I shall feel it my duty to support him
hereafter. An Hon. Gentleman threw out a sneer at the
clergy, and intimated that the gentleman who had pre-
ceded him had a different persuasion for Saturday and
Sunday. He thought the sarcasm unmerited, and for
his own part, he could conceive nothing more scandalous
than for a man to put on his religion with his Sunday
clothes, and with them lay it aside again on the Monday.
—(The Hon. Gentleman then retired amidst enthusiastic
cheering.)
Mr. HoLmE SUMNER then rose and said, that he came

to the Mee ing for the purpose of addressing the free-.
holders of Surrey, but the day was wearing so late that
he should not address them at the length he originally in-
tended. Indeed the causa had been handled so ably that
if he were to speak at length he should be only intruding
upon the Meeting. Many of his friends had said that he
ought to have been the prime mover of such a Meet-
ing, or else that he ought to have got a petition
ready for them to agree to. That he had not done so
was, not because he did not feel the importance of the
cause ; neither was it because he did not fully agree in
every sentiment contained in the petition.—(Cheers.)—
lie coefessed that another feeling operated on his
mind. He felt that his support must be compara-
tively feeble, but still he resolved to spew the people
who had for a period of twenty years honoured him with
their confidence—(cheery, and cries of " We will again")
—that lie was not unworthy of that confidence, and that
he had not followed the example of those turncoats who
had become traitors to the cause.—(Cheers.)—He was
happy to witness such a concurrence of sentiment in the
meeting, for he thought it did honour to the country,
Their petitions had been disregarded by the House of
Commons, and that arch apostate to the cause (Mr. Peel)
had said, that thelr petitions did not speak the sentiments
of the people.—(Hear.)-lle contended that the oily
organs through which the real sentiments of the people
_ _

could be mitie known to the House of Commons were
their representativt-s.—(Cheers.)—lt was impossible to

eny, that at the last election the county was aware that
the Catholic question was in agitation, but, Mr. Peel,
wh.n. he maae use of that argument, shoull also have told
the House, that although in 1825 and in 1827, the ques-
_

ton was agitated, yet in 1826 a veil had been thrown over
it altogetber.--(Cries of question.) Mr. Peel asserted that
there was less danger in granting concessions than in with-
licOding them, and he said, that of a series of Adininistra-

tions, no one of them had the courage to say, that they
would act upon the principle that concessions were never
to be made to the Catholics. But Mr. Peel was wrong in
this assertion, for aCabinet had been formed on that principle,

cabinet which Mr. Peel described as incapable of being
united, was yet very easily united by the late Mr. Perci-
_ _

Mr. PALLMIR said it WM with inexpressible satisfaction
after three years he appeared to account for his conduct to
his constituents. his Hon. Friend had said he always
fearlessly expressed his opinions ; such was his practice
also. Ile now came before them to declare his de-
cided :hostility to the present measure of his Majesty's
Ministers. A good deal had been said respecting placards,
but, gentlemen should know that they were issued on
both sides, and ought not to be too closely criticised. Ile
believed the copotry was decidedly against this measure of
concession ; and he lamented tci say that their petitions
had been disregarded in the House of Commons. Still it
was their duty to speak out, in the hope that even
yet the contemplated attack upon the Constitution
might be averted. He -deplored the apostasy of Mr. Peel,
and he knew that his reyero frien.l, t;te late Lord Liver-
pool, whose name had been mentioned, would never have
consented to such a sacrifice. He implo:ed the Free-
holders to rally around their Constitution, which was the
pride and boast of Englishmen, and fatal would be the day
when it was neglected or infringed. The Government
might have preserved the peace of Ireland by acting with
judgment and decisioo in supptessiug the demagogues that
disturbed its tranquillity, ' for to their Machinations
was attributable the present crisis.—(Hear, hear.)—
Every true friend of the Constitution, every minister of
the Church of England, taw thp daopr ; but in conies
the Ministers of the Crown, and flays there is danger, and
we are afraid to meet it, and therefore they enter upon spe-
culative measures to avert the evil—(cheers)—and wish to
convince you that the danger is distant, and they put it
into the month of the Soy9reign to talk about securities
to delude he people.—(Hear and hisses.)—lt was true
the Representatives of the people had agreed to the mea-
sure by a large majority ; but the people themselves never
would, and they would know how to treat them that
had betrayed their trusts ; he called upon them by their
unite 4 yqiee to uey thel, never woul4 agzee to,
the surrender of tlie Conatittitiou.-414Car,
The people .of Surrey were called 'Olson this day to say
that Catholics should not upset the Constitution. He had
stated on the hustings, at his election, that he was hostile
to the Catholics, he had repeated that opinion the first
and spond yesr after it. And iq the third year he ha',
reptile(' his opinion by the vote he gave in the House of
Commons against the measure--(hear, bear,)—the more
he 'considered the measure the more he was convinced that
Catholic and Protestants could not act together for the
'good of t,e cowrtil,...,(Nco no, they erAnot)-,4n4 11,2
would tell-theinWhy the 'Catholics think'the Protestant's
intruders, and that the revenues of the Church had been
obtained by usurpation—(hear, hear, heir, and cheers)—
and they did all in their power to make pro-
pyfe; to that opinion ; they had already become
s'o• fO;ininahle, that we were Wei their ejaiuie Collld no
longer be resisted(Hear,)—:-They Will, if they 'Obtain
thin measure, go on endeaavouring to 'increase- their power,
till, as the poet says--
" The conquest unresisted ceases to please,
And rightly submitted, leaves them nought to seise."
But, howeyet he mast give civti4, to Lir. Qconacil as
Being's consistent 'man, and 'earnest in the "cause' he
supported. He wished his zeal could be infused into the
friends of the. Protestant cause. The present state of
thi,iigs was to be attributed to their lukewarmnesi : he
Weidd not detain Pam h;pch loner—(Cries of "Co on
as long as y ou like!)—lie' must have eichauste4 their pet,
tience; he would only therefore call on the people of the
great county of Surrey—a county that yielded to none in
its loyalty to the Sovereign and veneration to the laws—
to como re,4lgld and support the Protestant Constitution.
The Hon. Gentleman crinOtideil 7,:•eidst great cheering.
Mr. Mmstratv said, that "be had asked a petition of
the Hon. Member who had just sat'down, when they were
both in the House Of Commons, and he would repeat the
question there. The question was this—lf they were disposed
to resist concession, what remedy wont(' they offer in lieu of
it for the tranquillity of Ireland ? If they refused conceasion
they would have a rebellion in Ireland in less than six
months.—(Uproar.)—These were his opinions, and he
was so; r' they were not the opinions of the tneeting.
Mr. H. DituantOtrn ;kg rose, but from the alma
with Which he was greeted, we could not catch his first
sentence. We understood him to say; that every great
man who had argued this question bad admitted that the
measure of Emancipation can .00ly be the prelude to
Ulterior measures. f baye, skid the Hon. Gentleman, do-
euiaent3 about me to prove thiy, but I will not tire the
meeting by reading tbero. Dr. 1)41e himself and Mr.
O'Connell, and the Fier', lkle.mher• who has addressed you,

val on the principle of oppositiou to the Catholic claims.
The D►►ke of %Winton and 11Ir. Peel had far more

power to accomplish such an union, if they had tried
the experiment, and relied as they ought to have
done upon the firmness and spirit of the British people. Lord
Liverpool, as had been said, would never have acted in this
manner, and though he had followed Mr. Pesl for JO years
with confidence, zeal, atid attachment, yet so base had been
his tergiversation, that he had now abandoned him
for ever ; and like most upright and true hearted
Englishmen, he had now to deplore the fatal effects
which late events have given to the value of consistent
public character.—(Cheers.)--He at Nast would not be
found to renounce his opinions, but he would firmly and
perseveringly kuppart the resolutions before the Meeting,
which were, be was proud to say, in strict accordance
with them.

:Mr. HENRY Guarrax rose amidst loud and deafening
of " Question," and through the instrumentality of
Mr. Pallmer obtained a partial hearing. He vindicated the
conduct of Ministers lit bringing forward these measures,
winch could alone give tranquillity to Ireland, the condi-
tion of which is described as being intolerable, from the
horrid party excitement,' which had so long prevailed there.
Such was the state of party in that country, that the
sources of justice were poisoned, and the people ready to
enkindle a civil war in consequence of the resistance
so long given to the settlement of the Catholic claims.
At twenty minutes after five, the High Sheriff put the
question upon the petition, which was immediately
carried by an immense majority. Although the business
of the day was then finished various efforts were made by
persons in the different waggons to make further speeches,
bur the high Sheriff dissolved the Meeting, and the very
large crowd by this time immediately dispersed.

The following 11..e,oluti.pnA were voposed, founded on

petition
