KHIVA.

A Russian force placed in Khiva, surrounded on all
sides by deserts, above 300 miles from Bokhara, from
the Caspian, and the frontiers of Persia, and 600 from
the Russian lines, will occupy an excellent position for
checking and controlling the nomade hordes, but a posi-
tion, at the same time, in which it must abide, and
guard it carefully, in order to keep it. The general se-
curity of the Russian frontiers, whence numbers are
dragged into slavery by the Kirghiz ; the safety of the
caravans which proceed annually from Semipalatinsk,
and other places, to Bokhara, Thibet, and the frontiers
of British India ; the gradual reduction of the Kirghiz
wanderers to tillage and settled habits ; these are the
visible and attainable objects which Russia has in view,
and her success in so wise and just a course cannot fail
to redound to the general interest of mankind. If she
takes advantage of the terror inspired by her first suc-
cess to press on Bokhara a commercial treaty of an ex-
clusive kind, then Bokhara will decline under the in-
fluence of such a treaty, which will thereby lose
its value. Khunduz or Balkh, receiving British goods,
may, in that case, rise to prosperity on the ruin of Bok-
hara. Considering the great population of the latter
state, and the fierce religious zeal of which it is the cen-
tre, it is not likely that the insulated Russian army de-
spatched to Khiva will attempt its conquest ; though
the display of arms will no doubt be made to second the
efforts of diplomacy.
As to the invasion of British India by the Russians,
it appears to us to be not more likely than the invasion
of Russia by the British. The sensitiveness of the
Company's politicll agents on this point has been oddly
and unfavourably manifested in the eagerness with which
they have collected and sent home so many ground-
less rumours respecting the advance of the Russian army.
This reminds us that the Russians have not yet con-
quered Khiva. Though their superior military organi-
zation and characteristic perseverance give them great
advantages in such a contest, yet they have fotnsi-
dable difficulties to overcome. It was determined
that the expedition should cross the desert during
winter, in. order that the deficiency of water might
be supplied by snow. But the intense cold (the ther-
mometer on the march often sinking, to 40 degrees\
and the snow-drifts, proved fatal to the camels, and the
army was obliged to retreat to the Emba. It will now
have to march in summer over a desert in which a scanty
supply of salt and bitter water is found only every second
day, and where the heat is insupportable. The Russian
soldiers will scarcely be able to bear the torrid sumnrer
of the Turkoman Steppes. But if they reach their des-
tination unwasted by want and disease, they may yet
possibly encounter an obstinate resistance from even a
weak enemy, in a country like Khiva, intersected by
numerous canals. The town of Khiva itself, as de-
seribed by Hogg and Thompson, who, in this particular
arc much superior to Mouraview, is capable of delaying
for some time an invading' army. It is surrounded by
a very broad and strong embankment or wail of earth,
which is higher than the houses within, and has turrets
along it at equal distances. Outside of the embank-
ment is a broad and deep moat. If the Khively be as
bold within their own walls as they occasionally show
th,mseivcs pa- the frontiers of Persia, the Russian
arinv, which is, alter a saial; one, may find.; itelt iu
is difficult pesitiou.—Athenceum.
