THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 183 g.

York on the Ist inst., but be its tone moderate or the

contrary, there will be no war. If any proof were re-
quired to show that Congress does not participate in
the warlike sentiments of the PRESIDENT, it would

,e found in • the fact that the House of Re-

presentatives rejected a string of Resolutions brought
forward by Mr. YATES, a Member, on the 25th ult.,
to the effect that that assembly were prepared to sup-

port the measures recommended and adopted by the
PRESIDENT with respect to France. But though
the Americans are averse to war, they are not opposed
to the views of the PRESIDENT with respect to the

rortification of the coast, and the increase of the navy•

Under all circumstances, they regard these measures

as necessary to the protective interests of the Union.

The Indian War—or rather exterminating massacre
,n Florida—continues with unabated violence. The

Latest accounts in these papers are to the 21st January,

at which time preparations were being made by the Go•
vernor of GEORGIA, for sending 1,000 troops agains

the Creek and Seminole Indians, then encamped or

change of the Ministry to be the exclusion of the Doctri-
naires--even if the 'personal composition of the new Cabinet
were not more satisfactory than it is, the country ought to re-
ceive it with favor merely for what it does not contain. The
Constitutionnel declares that it will wait for their acts before
judging the Ministers, and that it looks upon_ their accession
as a conquest.
The Temps approves of the deference paid to the majority
of the Chamber in seleetinc, three Ministers from among its
Vice- Presidents ; and applauds the candour of M. Thiers in
coming forward with an explanation before it was demanded of
him. The arrival of M. Thiers at the head of the Cabinet is
in reality a revolutionary event—the journalist six years ago,
the author of the " History of the Revolution," now the Prime
Minister of France, and the representative of the country to
Foreign Powers !
The Moniteur du Commerce expects that to maintain the
unity of the Cabinet will be the most difficult task of the new
Ministry, and that their existence will not be possible unless
they take themselves out of the ordinary tracks of common-
place Liberalism, or of the system of resistance ; and, by a
con! de genie, enter upon the completion or formation of ad-
ministrative and economic institutions that shall finish the edi-
fice of constitutional monarchy.
The Impartial observes that the manifesto of a coalition
Ministry, like the present one, could not be expected to be
very explicit and decisive. M. Thiers wishes to be judged by
facts, not by words. There is some reason in this ; but it
must be understood of facts to be accomplished, not of those
already done.
The National is not surprised at the composition of the new
Cabinet. M. Thiers, the King's man, and six insignificant
personages, chosen by hazard from all quarters, from the old
from the Tiers-Parti, from the Camarilla—this is
ministry,
just the Cabinet for the necessities of the Royalty of August
the 7th. The oppbsition has nothing to change in its len.
gunge ; the Administration of M. Thiers is one only a little
worse, constitutionally speaking, because it represents the
Chamber a little less and the Camarilla a little more.
The Courrier Francaise says that it must be acknowledged
that the re-placing of Messrs. Guizot, de Broglie, and Persil
by Messrs. Passy, Sauzet, and Pelet de la Lozere, is of im-
portance, the latter having made themselves known by the
moderation of their opinions. The fate of the new Ministry
may, however, be predicted ; the fifty or sixty Deputies com-
manded by Messrs. Guizot, Jaubert, &c., will feign to sup-
port it for some days, or weeks perhaps ; but, on the first
question of importance, they will vote against it with the Op-
position, and the minority will become aware of the treachery
only too late to prevent its fall.
The Q'iotidienne is scandalised at the accession of the new
Ministers, particularly of M. Thiers, the only significant name
of the new Cabinet. It is evident that one cause only can
gain by the transformations that take place in the bosom of the
Revolution—the cause of the Royalists. The Doctrinaires
have no future official existence; the Tiers-Parti fall at the
feet of M. Thiers ; the Left is impassible ; there remains,
then, only the Right, which alone can look forward to the fu-
ture with hope, because it is the only party that can look all
opinions in the face, without being ashamed."
Such is the tone and spirit of the greetings of the
Press on the recent construction of the THIERS Mi-

the north side of the St. Mary River. The Indians
massacred indiscriminately all who fell into their
hands, without distinction of age or sex, inflicting
upon their victims the most barbarous acts of torture.
The subject of the war in Florida was early brought
under the notice of Congress. On the 29th of Ja-
nuary an Act was passed, which granted five hundred
thousand dollars out of the public treasury, to enable

the Government to send an army for the protection o
the emigrants on the New River, as well as to rid the
country of the Creek and Seminole Indian tribes.
The Charge d'Affaires of Brazil addressed a note
to Mr. FoRsYTH, the Secretary of State, on the
25th of January, announcing that the REGENT, in
the name of the EMPEROR, had declared the coast of
Para in a state of blockade. The following contains
all that is important in the official notification :
" No vessel bound for any of the blockaded ports, shall be
taken, seized, or condemned, without having first received from
the blockading squadron, or from one of the vessels composing
it, notice or intimation of the existence or continuance of the
blockade. And in order that ignorance of the blockade may
not be alleged, and that the vessel which has received such in-
timation, may be liable to seizure, if she again appear before
the blockade port—the commander of the vessel making the
notification, is to endorse upon the paper of the vessel visited, a
declaration (visa) of such visit, with the day on which, and
the latitude and longitude of the spot where the intimation
was given; and the captain of the vessel will give him in
return, a certificate of this notification, containing the same de-
clarations, made on his papers by the commander."
The question of Slavery is exciting much bad
blood in the United States. Indeed it is hardly pos-
sible to conceive the fury which pervades the House
of Assembly when'a petition on the subject is pre-
sented. The anti-abolitionists are much the stronger
party. To give some idea of the numerical strength of
this party in a single State, we shall quote the resolu-
tion on the subject of Slavery passed by the Virginia
House of Delegates on the 20th of January, after a
debate on the question which occupied the House
during ten several and consecutive sittings :-
1. Resolved, That this Commonwealth only has the right to
control or interfere with the subject of domestic slavery, within
its limits, and that this right will be maintained at allhazards.
—( Unanimous.)
2. Resolved, That the State of Virginia has a right to claim
prompt and efficient legislation by her co-states, to restrain as
far as may be, and to punish those of their citizens, who, in de-
fiance of the obligations of social duty and those of the con-
stitution, assail her safety and tranquillity, by forming asso-
ciations for the abolition of slavery, or printing, publishing or
circulating through the mail or otherwise, seditious and in-
cendiary publications ; and that this right, founded as it is on
the principles• of international law, is peculiarly fortified by
a just consideration of the intimate and sacred relations
that exist between the States of this Union.—( Ayes, 108.
Noes, 7.)
3. Resolrcd,—That the non-slavehnlding States of the
Union are respectfully but earnestly requested, promFtly to
adopt penal enactments, or such other measures as will effec-
tually suppress all associations within their respective limits.
purporting to be, or having the character of, Abolition Socie-
ties; and that they will make it highly penal to print, publish,
or distribute newspapers, pamphlets, or other publicaticr.s,
calculated, or having a tendency, to excite the slaves of
the Southern States to insurrection and revolt.—(Ayes 125,
Noes 1.)
4. Resolved,—That this General Assembly would regard
an Act of Congress, havincr for its object the abolition of
slavery in the district of Columbia, or the territories of the
United States, as affording just cause of alarm to the slave.
holding States, and bringing the Union into imminent peril.—
( Ayes 122, Noes 4.)
5. Resolved,—That it is highly expedient for the slave-
holding States to enact such laws and regulations as may 1e
necessary to suppress and prevent the circulation of any in-
cendiary publications within their respective limits.—( Una-

nistry.
Marshal GERARD has been appointed Chancellor
of the Legion of Honour, and Baron FAIN has ob-
tained the situation in the Royal Household lately
filled by M. MONTALIVET•
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.—SITTING OT FEB. 23.
M. Dupin took the chair at a qnarter past one o'clock.
Messrs. Sauzet, Pelct, and Passy took their seats on the. Mi-
nisterial bench.
Colonel Lancy was admitted a Deputy, and :took the custo-
mary oath.
The President announced that the order of the day was the
ballot for the nomination of three Vice-Presidents of the
Chamber, and at the same time reminded the Chamber that
the question was to be settled by a single ballot. One of the
Secretaries of the Chamber then called over the names of the
Honourable Deputies present, and the latter proceeded to de-
posit their balls in the ballotting urn. The following was the
result of the ballot :L--Number of voters, 373 ; absolute' ma-
jority, 187. For M. Persil, 144 votes ; for M. Ganneron,
;M. forCllll-.
m 1604 n;,
2folrs
for M.
, slyve;rtfeo,r2il2l.; Dfourchma.telL,alls6t4te;,f2or3
Dupont de l'Eure, 35 ; for General Jacqueminot, 129 ; for M.
Leeelletier d'Aulnay, 34.
Of the above Deputies, M. Calmon having alone obtained
the number of votes necessary to constitute the absolute ma-
jority, was proclaimed one of the Vice-Presidents *of the
Chamber. Another ballot then took place for the remaining
two Vice-Presidents ; but before the result was known our re-
porter was obliged to quit the Chamber.
PARIS, FEB. 23.—(News of the Morning.)—The Moniteur
contains to-day an Ordinance of Feb. 23, appointing Baron
Fain to be Intendant-General of the Civil List. M. Fain was
principal Cabinet Secretary to the King. It is announced
that M. Gaspain will retain, under M. Montalivet, the office of
Under-Secretary of State, which he held under M. Thiess.
The /I/gni/cur also publishes to-day the Ordinance (dated 4th
Feb.) which appoints Marshal Gerard to the post of High
Chancellor of the Legion of Honour.
The following arc the terms of the note, written by the
King, in the margin of the Report of the Council of Ministers
on the execution of the sentence of the Court of Peers :
" It is solely the sense of an imperative duty that leads me
to give a sanction, wh ch i 5 one of the most painful acts of my
life : only in consideration of the frankness of Fieschi's con-
f..!ssions, and of his conduct during the trial, it is my will that
the accessary part of the punishment be dispensed with, and
deeply regret that my conscience will not permit me to do
more."
The General Board of Commerce has given its opinion on
the question of the importation of coals into some ports of
France :—" The Board is of opinion that the reduction of the
duty on foreign coal, granted by the Ordinance of 10th Oct.,
to certain portions of the coast of France, ought to be ex-
tended to the remainder of the coast, and that such coals should
be admitted into all the ports of the kingdom at the same duty
of 50 centimes per 100 kilogrammes, without prejudice to the
reduction or abolition of the inland navigation duties on coals,
leaving it to the Government to make the accomplishment of
this wish accord with the necessity cf maintaining and ex-
tending the commercial relations which so closely connect
Belgium and France. —Messager, Feb. 23.
FRENCH FUNDS.—PARI3, FEDRUARY 23.
Five per Cents., 10')f.10c. 3 c. 55c.
Four per Cents., 10-2 f. 2rc.
Three per Cent,. 801'. 65c. 6)c.
Batik Aeti,n,, 2,165 f.
Bente de 99r. BSc R'C. '7sc. Tic. SOc.
Raman Five per rents. In 4.
Spanish Actives, 47';'4.
Spanish Difieres, ,X.
Passives, !WA .
Horn: Spanisti Loan, :4.
Belgian Loan, rive per Cents., 101 113%.
fiat ciao Lo,n, 450 f.

nimous. )
6. Resolved, —That confiding in the justice and loyalty of
our Northern brethren in the principles of the Union, enforced
by the sympathies of common dangenl, sufferings, and
triumphs, which ought to bind us together in fraternal c0...i-
-cor:1, we arc warranted in the expectation that the foregoing
requests will be received in the spirit in which they arc made,
and complied with.—(Ayes 125, Noes 1.)
7. Resolved,—That Congress has no constitutional power
to abolish slavery in the district of Columbia, or in the terri-
tories of the United States.—( Ayes 105, Nocs 13.)
8. Resolved,—That the Governor be, and is he is hereby
requested to forward a copy of these resolutions to each of our
Senators and Representatives in Congress, and to the Execu-
tive of each of the States of the Union, and to request that the
same may be submitted to their respective Legislatures.
On the other hand, the Executive Committee of the '
Anti-slavery Society are not idle. They have ad-
dressed a Jong Protest to the PRESIDENT of the
United States, against the correctness of a paragraph
in his Message to Congress of the 7th of December,
1835, charging the Members of the Society with dis-
turbing the harmony of the States. Their arguments
—bottomed as they are on truth and justice—are in
general triumphantly conclusive. Slavery is indeed
such a stain upon the character of the Americans, that
its advocates ought to be excluded frOm the pale of
civilized society, and the whole nation put under a
moral bane, till the Government has succeeded in era-
dicating every trace of this monstrous evil.
The following includes the latest news from Texas :
Extract of a letter from Col. Stephen F. Austin to his friend
in this city, dated—
" NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 12.—Ours is most emphatically the
cause of Constitutional Rights and Liberty. It is the cause
of light against darkness—of religious toleration and freedom
of conscience, against intolerance and monopoly of the people
—against a military and ecclesiastical aristocracy—in short, is
the cause of mankind. To doubt for a moment the success of
such a cause, when the contest is on the very borders of the
freest people on earth, would be a calumny against North
Americans, and against Republicanism. Texas must and will
triumph.
t
n\ha
esteEndr
ie
hthaai
aloorl
lvinmgeet,
hyoac:eenoseaduagnwinopdatecrr
woiwyl
negotiated
netsl
provisions,
nrnuaeosgx,bg though Santa
. loanl
particularly
hebTuen me hrheet eAhl
nr
of
fr
an
ebnai2srdnwei notesanoclot
nsonmtaoetunohyf
stuff
otenemyaalhmnlr.amdarrssse,Nahvabl leftnteuwdptsi
othai
hrtmaki
linal_sl
n.
not enough. Yours truly,
S. F. AUSTIN.
NEW ORLEANS, JAN. 11.—It is rumoured that Santa Anna
has marched into Texas at the bead of 11,000 men.
The following are the Administration Members of the New
Senate :
Maine—Mr. Ruggles, Mr. Shepley.
New Hampshire—Nlr. Hill, Mr. Hubbard.
Connecticut—Mr. Niles.
New York—Mr. Wright, Mr. Tallmadge.
New Jersey—Mr. Wall.
Peenrri gs Yi
Cal laa nr
rnTa
KM— rr. .
C
eo awni. Mr. Buchanan.
Northing,
Go
Cuthbert.
Alabama—Mr. King.
Louisiana—Mr. Nicholas.
Mississippi—Mr. Walker.
Tennessee—Mr. Grundy.
Illinois—Mr. Robinson, Mr. Ewing.
Indiana—Mr. Hendricks, Mr. Tipton.
Missouri—Mr. Benton, Mr. Linn.
Ohio—Mr. Morris.
Making twenty-four Members.

t:':unANnv. ON LoNooN.
One month, paper, —e • money, '2.5t MI..
Mec months, paper. '2.3;. 3.3 e.; money, '23f. 33.3.
--(.ours Authentive.
BounsE, THREE O'CLOCK.-The market has been quite
calm to day. The Three per Cents. varied between 80f. 65e.
and 70c., and no business has been done.
The Spanish securities have slightly improved, on a report
that Cordova has obtained a victdry over the Carlists ; but
very little business was done in those securities.
QUAItTER To FOUR.-Five per Cents., 109 f. 65c. ; Three
per Cents., 80f. 70c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, —; Three
per Cents. Spanish, —; Cortes, —; Coupons, —; Gucb-
hards, —; Differes, New Loan, —; Actives, 473-;
Passives, 15i • Ducats, 99 85 ; Romans, 104 ; Pcdros, —;
Belgians, 104 ; Dutch, —f. —c. ; Haytians, 400 f. --c. ;
Miguels, —; Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank, 131 ; Con-
tinuation, --c. ; New Differes, —; Five per Cent. Perpe-
tuelles, —; Royal Loan, —.
VIENNA, FEB. 15.-5 per Cent. Metal. 103; 4 per
Cent. 99/. ; 3 per Cent. 754 ; Bank Shares, 1365.—Allge-
wine Zcitung, Feb. 19.

We have received Madrid Papers to the 16th inst.
They arc principally filled with details of preparations
for the Carnival—the pleasures of which had super-
seded every other consideration. M. MENDIZABAL's
financial project was anxiously expected by the money-
lenders. There was no recent news from the theatre
of war.

We beg the attention of our readers to a letter from
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, which appears in another co-
lumn. The Honourable Member for Sheffield puts
his case before the public with a force and clearness
which cannot fail to bring conviction to every unpre-
judiced mind. So far from the merits of his case being
invalidated by the defeat of Tuesday evening, we look
upon them as greatly strengthened by that event. We
cannot help thinking, when we look at the division,
that political feeling has had its influence in stifling the
voice of justice. This must give Mr. BUCKINGHAM,
if possible, a stronger claim to the protection of the
PEOPLE, who should understand that the most effi-
cient way in which they can support hi s effo art to
to ob-
tain justice for the aggravated, and, ndee, the un-
precedented wrongs he has sustained, is to continue
to petition the Legislature in his behalf.

In the Court of King's Bench this day, in the case
of " Allan v. Smith and another," which was a trial for goods
sold and delivered, the Jury returned a verdict for the De-
fendants. We shall give particulars
In ab to mo-
out rrow.
LIES 01? THE DAY.--1. " a month, Sir
R. Peel will be Prime Minister."—Standard, Jan. 22, 1836.
2. In consequence of Col. Sibthorp's determination to oppose
all railways, " although his own property may be benefitted
thereby," it is said that the shares of intended railways are at
an alarming discount. 3. In consequence of the above legis-
lator's enlightened motion respecting " Tallow Wicks," it is
supposed that he expects to extinguish the present Ministry, or
to bring them to their last snuff !—Lincoln Gazetts. -
LONGEVITY.—Mr. David Thom, the oldest resi-
dent in Coupar Angus, died there on the 12th instant, aged
103 years, which he completed in April last. He often gave
a lengthened detail of the proczedings he witnessed in the
Rebellion of 1745, being then about 13 years of age. He re-
tained the use of his mental powers until within a few minutes
previous to his decease.

We have received the whole of the Paris Papers of
Tuesday. The following is an epitome of the opinion
of the Press respecting the new Ministry :
" The Journal des Debats says that it cannot comprehend
the joy expressed by the partisans of tke Opposition at the
change of the Ministry ; the principles of the two Cabinets
will remain very nearly the same. The principles of the former
Ministry are in the Cabinet, under the President of the Coun-
cil—this is enough. The Debats adds that if the policy
which it has defended for the last five years, and upon which
the safety of the constitutional Monarchy depends, is attacked
in tl-e slightest degree, it will repel that attack with all its
force, from whatever hand it may come.
The Constitutionnel considers the most important fact in the
