Colonel STANHOPE addressed the meeting amidst
great cheering. He began by saying that he ever
was and would be an advocate for the greatest good
to the greatest number, and for the greatest length
of time. He was a friend of economy, retrench-
ment, cheap government, and property landed and
funded; but above all the property of the people.
He would not allow any public officer to put his
hand into the pockets of the people. The people
had gained a great good in Reform. For that they
were indebted in a great measure to the King. (A
few cried out " No, no," amidst deafening cries of
" Ye 4, yes.") If any one said " no" let him point
out, since the days of Alfred, a King of Great
Britain to whom the people owed so much. (Great
cheering.) They were deeply indebted too to Lord
Grey and his colleague=, to the noble and spirited
press, but above all to themselves. He was a friend
too to cheap knowledge, for knowledge was the pa-
rent of the prosperity of the country. He would re-
commend,as a substitute for the removal of the taxes
on knowledge, a small postage. He was a friend to
law reform; society cannot exist without law. But so
dear is it, nine-tenths of the people cannot get it.
Let fee gathering be abolished, and then we will have
arbitration courts. In Denmark, within the last
year, 14,000 cases were decided without expense.
Then, too, he would recommend district courts. He
would move on the first meeting of Parliament, that
the condition of the labouring classes, whose com-
fort is the foundation of all national prosperity,
should be inquired into. He would use all his ex-
ertions to reduce the civil, naval, and military es-
tablishments to the standard of 1792. Ninety-six
old Tories, some years ago, supported Mr. Hume
in such a motion. If we were able to beat. down
the greatest power in Europe while we abided by
that standard, why not recur to it now ? He would
reduce the army by establishing a militia. Such a
force was found efficient in France and Switzerland,
and at New Orleans it was found capable of coping
with the victorious legions of Wellington. At pre-
sent there was one officer to every five men. This
was monstrous ; he would have only one to twenty.
For six months he would have them attend to mili-
tary duties, and six months would be quite sufficient
to learn the military science. In other six months
he would have them productive labourers, sup-
porting themselves. He would allow commis-
sions to be sold for the public benefit ; but he
would also allow distinguised men to give their ser-
vices gratuitously. He would appropriate tithes to
their original and fair purposes—one-third to the
support of the poor, one third to the support of the
clergy, and one-third to the support of ecclesiastical
edifices. He calculated the church property at
5,000,0001.; 1,000,0001. or a little over would be
enough for the support of the working clergy, on
the principle of the Scotch Church (allowing 300/.
a year to each), the other 4,000,000/. he would give
to the state. He was an advocate for the secret
ballot, for without it there could not be purity of
election : though he thought annual Parliaments
better than triennial, yet as he should look to the
co-operation and opinions of others, he would move
for triennial Parliaments if he got into the House.
As to the Colonies, he was an advocate for putting
them in the condition of appointing their own legis-
lators and governors. As to slavery, he would
say " away with it altogether, it is en abomination."
He would have all the infants born after the next
meeting of Parliament declared free from their birth,
and he would compel the planters to educate the
rising generation, and fit them for freedom hereafter.
This they would find to their own interest eventu-
ally; for it is notorious that free labour is the most
efficient and the cheapest. He would reduce the pre-
sent duty on corn by Is. a year, until it was at
last abolished. Free trade he was an advocate for,
especially if it was for the benefit of the poor. As
to flogging in the army, he would only say, the very
name made his blood coagulate. There was no ad-
vocate found for that now, at least openly. He
would cut off all the assessed taxes, and would have
a graduated property tax, by which the famishing
labourer would be relieved from the killing weight
that now hangs on him. But persons in his own
condition should pay much, while the middling
classes should have to pay less. He was a friend
to peace and non-intervention. But if the Holy
Alliance
ooseweren
tthem
btrheea kl i
nquarantine,n thend.— England.—After
fet
er wouldthe
let
speaker had dwelt at great length, and with great
minuteness, on the character, nature, and tendency
of the East India monopoly, to which he avowed
himself through life an unflinching enemy, and de-
tailed the pernicious consequences of it, not alone to
the interests of India, but of Great Britain, and
expatiated with tolerable eloquence on the advan-
tages of tree trade to that region, and free coloniza-
tion, he sat down amidst successive rounds of
applause that lasted a long time.
Several other gentlemen addressed the meeting itt
his support, and several resolutions were passed, one
of which went to pledge the electors to return him
free of expense.

ECCLESIASTICAL PREFERMENT.---The
Lord Bishop of LINCOLN has collated the Rev. G. G•
STONESTREET, F.S.A , formerly Chaplain to his Royal
Highness the Duke of YORK, to the Prebend of Wetton
Brinkhall, in that Cathedral.

RAIL-ROADS IN FRANCE.—The rail-roads
appear calculated to exercise a great influence over the
progress of civilization and industry. So great an agent
in the prosperity of the country ought not to be neglected
by the Government, at the same time that caution should
he used with regard to these vast operations, and the Ad-
ministration should not enter upon such a career without
having before-hand considered its probable consequences.
Prudence would here suggest two important considera-
tions—one as to the maximum of the expense, and the
other as to the minimum of productions which might be
reckoned upon. Having duly weighed these two points,
they should give encouragement to companies and the
spirit of association generally, which alone can accomplish
these great enterprises. The Stile need not take the
works upon itself; the weight of the undertakings may be
left to private interests. A committee of engineers has
already received orders to prepare a general plan of rail-
roads, which, branching from the capital, should form
lines of communication with Rouen and Havre—Lille,
with a branch to Calais, Dunkirk, and Valenciennes—
Strasburg, with a branch to Metz—Lyons and Marseilles,
with a branch to Grenoble—Bordeaux, Tours, and Nantes.
When the plan shall be finished, the different parts of
which it will be composed will be distributed among the
engineers of the departments through which the lines are
to paBB..—.Nouvellisie,

Roam, SEPT. G.—Pope Gregory XVI., yielding t,
the wishes of the Emperor Nicht las, as conveyed to him
by the Russian Ambassador, M. Gagarin, has just signe'
a brief by which he declares to the Clergy and the Catho
lies of Poland that all the well-beloved of Christ ough
immediately to obey the ukases of the legitimate Sovereien
established in the Polish possessions. This brief, whicl
contains violent charges against the revolution of Poland,
was previously communicated to M. Gagarin, who made
notes in French on the margin of the Latin text. Th,
Chancellory at Rome agreed to all his amendments, and
the document thus composed was sent to Warsaw, to he
distributed amongst the good and pions Catholics, who
were therein promised the Apostolical benediction in case
they conformed to the ordonnances of their legitimate
Monarch. Before the courier left Rome with this brief,
some Poles residing in that city, having obtained intelli-
gence of what was done, procured an interview with the
Holy Father, in which they represented to him the whole
of what the Russians had done to extinguish in Poland
the Catholic religion, and to introduce in its place the faith
of the Greek Church ; they told him of the persecutions
of the elergyorf the expatriation of several thousand Poles,
who, having been sent to Russia, were forced to become
members of the national religion of that empire ; so that
in effect his Holiness was giving his sanction to schism,
and to the persecution of that religion which he should
have been the first to support.
Gregory XVI. replied that he placed no faith in the
statements which had been made to him, hut that, on the
contrary, he was quite certain of the excellent sentiments
of the Emperor Nicholas in favour of the Catholic reli-
gion—a religion for which this Prince has made great
efforts. The Pope concluded his answer in these words :-
64 We shall arrange for the best all these interests with the
Emperor ; our political interests are the same."
This is the second time that the Court of Rome has
been made the dupe of Russia. It is well known how the
first intervention of this Court, induced by the fallacious
promises of the Muscovites, has proved disastrous to Po-
land. We must hope that the intrigues of Russia and the
credulity of the Pope will not prove this time at least so
disastrous. The clergy of Poland, however, will not sub-
mit to the brief of Gregory XVI. ; they will brave the
Pontifical anathema rather than betray the interests of
their\country, and, in sustaining the national religion,
they will furnish an example to those who have to defend
the national liberty of Poland.

NAPOLI DI ROMANIA, AUG. 15.

The following is the proclamation of Colocotroui, Ge-
neral-in-Chief from the Peloponnesus to Panhellenium:—
" Fellow-citizens,—The Peloponnesus was the first, in
spite of the tyranny to which she was subjected, to appre-
ciate the rights bequeathed her by her ancestors ; she took
arms against her barbarous oppressors, the Turks, having
❑o motive but that of regaining her liberty, her indepen-
dence, and to prevent the future violation of her rights.
After a bloody war of some years, after an invincible con-
stancy in bearing the misfortunes of war, the country
showed that it deserved the favour of Heaven in aid of its
enterprise. The Allied Powers supported us by their
powerful aid, and came to stop the effusion of blood, and
put a period to the sufferings of our innocent country.
" At the same time the benevolent forethought of our
protectors sent us a Chief whose greatness of soul and
whose patriotism were the basis of the good we have en-
joyed for the last three years, during which period the
lives and the property of citizens have had no danger to fear.
" The loss of this great man rendered the immediate
convocation of the National Assembly necessary, in order
to take the reins of Government in this moment of danger,
and to prevent some men from trampling in the dust the
rights of the nation. The legal representatives of the
people, overcoming the adverse state of affairs, succeeded
last March in fulfilling the sacred duties intrusted to their
care. They have organized a Constitution in harmony
with a constitutional Monarchy; they have hastened the
arrival of the Prince chosen by the Holy Alliance; they
have issued the most important decrees, and have suc-
ceeded informing a ;a ovisional Government until the ar-
rival (so much wished for) of the Sovereign Prince. Such
laudable conduct on the part of the Plenipotentiaries, the
official acknowledgment of their decrees by the Presidents,
in conformity with the protocol signed in London on the
7th January, have tranquillised the fears of the nation,
and have given the greatest confidence to this paternal
and peaceful Government. It is with this hope that I
have returned to my home, instead of marching against
those who, driven from Argos by the general will of the
nation, have established themselves at Megara, where they
have made the most violent and destructive attempts to
usurp the Government, in spite of the amnesty they had
obtained for all they had done.

" Taking advantage of circumstances, seconded by lies,
and by the force of arms, they have forced their way with
unbridled license into Argos, and have not blushed to seize
the national power, in contempt of the wise and salutary
decrees of the protocol of the 7th March, and to establish
an administrative commission, which bears the stamp of
the greatest knavery; this is why the protocol has not
been published. The Senate is silent when it sees its
rights thus trampled under foot, and its deliberations
violated by force of arms.
" The nation demands but the arrival of the Prince,
hoping that the protocol will be put in execution. But
seeing that the evil increases from day to day—that Co-
rinth, Argos, and Napoli, have been pillaged and laid
waste, as was the fate some time back of Salona, Thebes,
and Livadia—seeing Tripolizza ruined, the honour, pro-
perties, and lives of the citizens constantly in danger—
every right violated—Greece infested by robbers and
pirates—a number of citizens persecuted, against the spirit
of the protocols of the 7th of March and 26th of April—
the most infamous Albanians paid to go on a crusade into
the middle of Peloponnesus—the tithes exhausted by some
officers and civil functionaries, and the army on the point
of being disbanded fur want of money and provisions—the
citizens must he aware that the country would be now
under the dominion of the most horrible tyranny but for
the patriotic opposition of some of the members of the
Commission. It is this contempt, this violation of all the
rights of the nation, which has obliged the garrisons of Pa.
tras, Rhio, and Antirltio, to place the fortresses under
the command of the honourable General Tzevellas. The
warlike bands of Western Southern Greece will them-
selves defend their country. Spicias, Tinos, and other
provinces, will expel their new prefects, as agents of per-
fidy and illegality.
" The Peloponnesians, having lately learnt that the infa-
mous Theodore Grivas has received orders from Govern-
ment to go to the provinces of Leondani and Phanari, with
his debauched companions, the Turks—wishing to pre-
serve the right they have acquired, after so much loss of
blood, to protect their country against the greatest mis-
fortunes, and save their neighbours, who have sought re-
fuge in caves to escape piil.ge, and who, with tears in their
eyes, implore the succour and protection of their brothers
—proclaim in the name of his Highness, and before God,
and the Holy Alliance, the protectors of Greece—
" 1. That they will not allow of the entrance of the
infamous Grivas into the province, and are determined to
repel him by force of arms.
" 2. That they will not allow the provinces to be bur-
dened by bodies of troops, and are resolved to drive from
their frontiers the Albanian Turks, who give themselves
out as Constitutionalists.
" 3. That they will have recourse to the same violent
means as those ordered by the Government of Nauplia.
" 4. They promise that the honour and lives of their
fellow citizens which have been outraged shall be revenged,
and that they will make good the property pillaged in the
different provinces.
5. They will maintain the present local authorities
until the Senate shall have organized the Government by
a free and legal choice.
" 6. They proclaim an union with the well-intentioned
part of the population of the western isl. s of Greece, and
loudly declare their friendship and sincerity towards their
brothers of Romelia, and the islands which are willing to
fight for the re-establishment of peace in the country, and
to bring triumph to the national rights, with their charac•
teristic courage.
" 7. They Officially refuse to acknowledge the men as-
sembled at Argos, under the false name of representatives.
The greater part were not elected by the free and legal suf-
frages of the communes, the greater number of the Pleni-
potentiaries having been nominated in places which do not
possess electorial rights, after the example of the govern-
ment organised by themselves which has assembled with
the intention of sacrificing the rights of the nation.
" When public peace shall be established, and violence
shall cease to exist in the Peloponnesus, they may become

PARIS, SEPT. 17.—The following particulars of a re-
cent attack of the Bedouins upon Oran are related by
person who has just arrived at M irseilles on board th
Diligente, coming from that place :—" On the 31st o'
August, about two o'clock p.m., being at dinner on board
our vessel at Oran, we suddenly heard the signal of an at-
tack by the Bedouins. We immediately proceeded to the
tipper part of the town, from whence we perceived the
plain, on which about 300 Bedouins were scattered, act-
ing as sharpshooters and endeavouring to carry off some
bullocks guarded by Turks. Whllat these faithful keep
ers, who are always armed with muskets, Were returning
the fire of the Bedouins, about 250 men of the regiment
of African Chasseurs were ordered to march into the plain.
l'hey soon charged the enemy, but unexpectedly 1,200 or
1,500 Bedouins sallied out of the hushes. Their nutni)er.
so far fro:n disheartening our men, increased their courage.
The char,te recommenced, and ended by the flight of 1,800
Bedouins. before 250 French troops, who brought back in
triumph the bullocks, together with five heads of Bedouins,
which were exhibited for a abort time in the market-p'ac,.
One of our horses was wounded. The Bedouins had fiat,
men killed and several wounded. Of their horses three
were killed, and six wounded."
M. Palmieri de Mieciche, a Neapolitan refugee, belong-
ing to one of the first families in Sicily, M. Goetschy, a
printer, and M. Dentu, the bookseller, were arraigned on
Saturday before the Court of Assizes, as the author,
printer, and publisher of a work entitled " Le nouveau
Gargantua, vieux manuscrit Italien anonyme, trouc dan•
le foss4. des Tuileries, contenant tine esquisse biographique
et une drame traduit et redigd en Francais," par M. Pul-
tnieri de Micciche. The personages of the drama, which
is in two acts, and the scene of which is laid in the king.
dom of Berlue, are, Gargantua, king of the Berlusisns,
Busbec, his queen, Pantagmelin, the hereditary prince,
Margotte, the king's sister, Orgilo More, prime minister,
Dolero Colax, minister for foreign affairs, General Ca-
nulle, minister of war, Tertiurn, councillor of state, wiilt
ambassadors and other characters. Fourteen passages were
marked out by the indictment as containing libels against
the King and royal family. M. Palmieri admitted that
he was the writer of the work, and added, that his inten-
tion was to satirize the late King of Naples. Af•er stating
that he had many years ago publicly expressed his hopes
that the then Duke of Orleans would one day ascend the
throne of France, and that in 1830 he had published
writings containing corresponding sentiments, he declared
that he had been driven to oppose the present Govern-
ment by the persecutions to which his fellow-countrymen
had been subjected. lie was ably defended by M.
Charles Ledru; but the jury found him guilty of an offence
against the King's person, and the Court sentenced him to
six months' imprisonment and a fine of 500 francs. Mll.
Goetschy and Dentu were acquitted.
On Saturday, Colin, jun., whose trial, with the rest of
the conspirators of the rue des Prouvaires, was postponed
on account of his having been attacked with cholera, and
Florimond, who had been previously condemned by default,
made their appearance at the bar of the Court of Assizes;
the first under an accusation of being a party in a plot to
overthrow the Government, followed by acts tending to
carry that plot into execution ; and the second, for mak-
ing or attempting to make unlawful enlistments. Colin
was found guilty, and sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment,
but Florimond was acquitted.

It is reported that a clerk of the War-office has just
been arrested, on the charge of having communicated im-
portant orders to the insurgents in La Vendee.
The Sentinelle Genevoise says, " The Carlists con-
tinue to arrive in crowds at Geneva. We are informed
that at Aix, in Savoy, these personages wear publicly the
white cockade."

The Breton, of Nantes, of the 15th inst. says--" A
band of Chouans, with, as it is reported, Guillemot at
their head, went a few days ago to the country-house of
General Fabvier, in the environs of Vannes, with the in-
tention of carrying into execution a sentence of death pro-
nounced against the General by the secret tribunal, the
existence of which was revealed during the trial of Guil-
lemot before the assizes of the Ille-et-Vilaine, but for-
tunately the intended victim was absent."
'We learn by a letter from Poitiers, dated the 14th inst.,
that the Chambre des illises en Accusation having, upon
the requisition of the Procureur du Roi, decided, by a
majority of three to two, that the Duchess de Berri should
he tried by default before the Court of Assizes for La
Vendee for a capital crime, the President, M. Parigot, has
sent in the resignation of his office rather than sign the
decree. The letter adds, that Counsellor Rogues, who in
six months would have been entitled to a pension, has also
resigned his office from the same motives.

The Annotatcur Boulonnais announces that a serenade
was eiven to M. Odillon Barrot on his arrival at Boulogne-
sur-Mer.
Le National and Le Courrier Francais censure the
proceedings of the police with regard to the Duke of
Brunswick, observing that, although they know nothing of
the Duke personally, and do not, therefore, take up
the question as relates to him individually, they condemn
the principle of arbitrarily exiling foreigners unconvicted of
any offence, because it may, with very little extension, he
applied to exclude from Europe all the real friends of
liberty, whose presence may not please the Holy Alliance
or the Frankfort Diet.

The following important letter has been written by the
President of the Royal Court of Poitiers, to the Attorney-
General. This letter is dated Poitiers, the 14th of Sep.
tember, and is one of the most important events which
has taken place since the revolution :
" Sir,—The majority of the Chamber of Accusation,
of which I have the honour of being President, has decided
in conformity with your demands, that the Duchess de
B.wri is to be sent to the assizs of La Vendee, as accused
of a crime punishable by death.
" If the impenetrable decrees of Providence have ba-
nished her Royal Highness from the steps of the throne,
into exile, I cannot and will not forget that she is the
mother of one whom I have regarded for the last ten years
as my future King.
" Reduced to the alternative of signing a decree at which
my conscience revolt•, or of giving in my resignation, I
do not hesitate in choosing the latter alternative.
"It is not without the greatest regret that I resign a si-
tuation where for the last 20 years I have received testi-
monies of kindness and affection ; but in quitting it in this
manner I do it with the conviction that I shall always
priserve the esteem of my former colleagues.
" I have but one more vow to utter ; this vow the
whole of France will not disapprove, which is, that my
motives for retiring may not be considered as a vain threat.

" I have, therefore, Sir, the honour to inform you, that
I will not sign the decree published the 9,h of this month,
and that I shall cease to act from to-day. I entreat that
you will inform the Minister of Justice of the motives of
my resignation, and oblige me by an acknowledgment.
" I am, with the highest consideration, your very
humble and obedient Servant,

" PARIGOT."

The Quotidienne adds,—" We have just learned that
the counsellor Rogues has given in his resignation from the
same motive. He had been 29 years in the service of the
State, and in six months he would have been entitled to a
pension. He has not hesitated in sacrificing all these ad
vantages. Thus the unfortunate decree of the Chamber
of Accusation has been carried by a majority of three to
two ! Three voices have, therefore, condemned to a trial
before the Court of Assizes the illustrious widow of the
Duke de Berri, the mother of Henri Dieudonne,' the
daughter and the sister of the King of Naples, the cousin
of Louis Philippe, the niece of the Queen of the French,
—she who came, in peril of her life, to place herself be-
tween the armies of France and united Europe! This is
the first time since the trial of Marie Antoinette, in 1793,
and that of Madame Elizabeth, in 1791, that a Princess
of the Royal blood has been brought up for judgment."
(From the Messager des Cliandires.)
TO THE INHABITANTS OF THE DEPARTMENTS OF THE

LOWER LOIRE, OF LA VENDEE, OF THE MAINE AND
LOIRE, AND OF THE TWO SEVRES.
New attempts have been made, new crimes have been
committed ; assassins, paid by a party hostile to France,
overrun your country, and give themselves up to the most
horrible exactions. The heads of this party, who tali
themselves legitimatists, deceive you under the most spe-
cious and the most lying pretence.. Reflect, examine the
means and the men employed by them—judge their con-
duct—look to their intentions.

Their means are horrible, and subversive of all rights,
since they would lead to dreadful civil war.
Their partisans, men who carry desolation into your
