" National Political Union," where all classes were
so warmly exhorted to enroll their names by Jour-
nals that lay claim to the distinction of deriving their
political inspiration from Downing-street, to incor-
porate and identify the Reform Association of West-
minster with the said Political Union,and an amend-
ment was moved to that effect. How was it met ?
If the meeting had allowed their reason to be led
captive by the Journals which had run riot in the
praise of such political associations it would have
been carried by acclamation. But it was not carried
at all. The meeting did not relish the proposal ;
they declared that their sentiments were decidedly
adverse to the ulterior views of the " National Po-
litical Union," and the amendment was withdrawn.
Some of the speakers at this meeting re-echoed the
opinions which, during the last week, we had ex-
pressed regarding voluntary associations drawing to-
wards themselves the functions of regular Govern-
ment. One gentleman frankly stated that "he felt
it would be the most manly and straightforward way
to declare that they met because they would not join
the National Political Union—because the intentions
of the principal persons who formed that asso-
ciation went much farther than the greater
part of the inhabitants of Westminster were
inclined to go—and because that society was
prematurely formed, not only to carry the Reform
Bill, but to continue to watch over, and, by their
numbers, to iqfluencc the Administration after that
great measure should be carried. He felt it to be
preferable to state at once that the present meeting
had no sympathy with the ulterior objects of the
National Union ; that they were resolved to go no
farther with them than to early the Reform Bill, and
there they would stop ; that they would not be per-
suaded, cajoled, or made a cat's-paw of to bolster up
the extravagant and unconstitutional' measures of
any set of men who might choose to form them-
selves into an association for the purpose of matu-
ring and enforcing their own political views." What
object Journals professedly the organs of Government
had in view, in causing the friends of Reform to
plunge themselves madly into associations, where
they must be made the tools of the selfish and dan-
gerous ambition of men having their own extravagant
and unconstitutional measures to carry by the in-
timidating force of organised numbers, it is
impossible for us to tell ; but there is reason to
believe that Government has begun to see its
error—that it has become alarmed at the exhibition
of its own weakness, and already shrinks back
from the precipice over which itself and all the most
valuable institutions of the country would one day
be pushed by the new power of irresponsible dic-
tation and club-supremacy which its own connivance,
if not positive encouragement, was raising in all the
giant energy of confederated physical force through-
out the land I At the meeting to which we ha,e
alluded Mr. Carpue also declared that " with such
men as he believed those to be who were actively
engaged in putting the machinery of the National
Union into motion lie never would join. He was
a friend to the liberties of the people, but a deter-
mined enemy to any proceedings which were of a
revolutionary character." Here is a charge against
the National Union of its being put into motion for
the purpose of effecting revolutions ry designs; ye
a Ministerial Paper told the public with exultation
only as late as Saturday morning, that about a hurt
died mechanics, headed by their foreman, had latel,
proceeded from a respectable establishment to emu

their names hi that tisociation. As to a Reform a.,-
sociation, whose object is limited to the success (f a
Reform Bill, there is not the same objection to it as
to a Political Union, with ulterior and indefinite ob-
jects; though, if the members of such an associa-
tion believe the Ministry to be sincere in their pro-
fessions to carry a full and efficient measure of Rc-

form, the necessity for such an association is not
( asily understood. If there should be a slacknessof
exertion on the part of the Government, or a confi-
dence of " re-action" on the part of the enemies of
Reform, recourse can be always had to county, town,
borough, and parish meetings—•the truly constitu-
tional modes of collecting and conveying the semi-
mews of the people to the Parliament and the
Throne. Besides, there is a possibility that those
who institute such societies with the best intentions
(and we attribute the best intentions to the founders

of the Reform Associations) may not hereafter be
able to controultheir proceedings, orlimit their dura-

on. If the middle classes will have their Emocia.

Idons and unions, it will be very difficult, if not im-
possible, to prevent the working classes from having
their's, arid, indeed, they have just as much right ;
but they aie more easily mislead by crafty dema-
gogues into proceedings injurious to their own in-
terests, and those of the nation. Though we
have a high opinion of the general good conduct
and good feeling of the wor(thking classes of
London—numbers of whom e Spitaifields
weavers, for instance), though suffering great priva-
tions, have born the pressure of affliction with ex-
emplary patience and fortitude, and richly deserve
whatever attention and relief the State can afford
them—yet we are glad that the assemblage of the
working classes, which had been convoked for this •
day at Whiie Conduit-fields, has been postponed.
We are not among those who apprehended any
alarm from the working classes, but every cone
knows that there is in London a large number of
idle and dissolute and daring persons who would be
apt to take advantage, at the- present time, of a
meeting like the one in question, to create mischief,
with the guilty hope of profiting by scenes of riot
and confusion. A disturbance once begun, under
such circumstances, might have the most deplorable
results. It might lead to the loss of life and the de-
struction of property, and give cause for such en em-
ployment of the military force as it is one of the
worst and most portentous evils to witness in a free
cc n t y.—Morning Herald.
In another part of our Paper will be found an in-
vitation, in the course of signature, by the most
distinguished Polish patriots in France and England,
addressed to the Polish people. The, spirit in which
this docun•ent is drawn up, the resolution
which it expresses, and the sacrifices which it
recommends, are worthy of the gallant and high-
minded men from whom it proceeds,and of the brave
and noble race to 1% horn it is directed. Within the
last nine or ten months the Poles have crowded inio
their history the revolutions, the victories, the
struggles, and the
.glory of a century. They have
recovered their independence, and almost re-united
:heir nation after fifty years of dismemberment and

separation. They live driven away a brutal tyrant
whose oppression had become intolerable, and esta-
blished a free and regular scheme of government. They
have levied and organized powerful armies, animated
with the purest pa'riotism, and regulated with the
most perfect discipline. Cut off Item the rest of Eu-
rope as completely as by an insurmcnintable wall of
lit ass—without assistance in men—without supplies
of money—without the means of obtaining arms
from abroad—and with nothing in their favour but
the sympathy and admiration of mankind, which
their opptessois tried likewise to exclude,—they
contemplated without trembling, and maintained
with success, a struggle with a colossal despotism.
Though only about 4,000,000 of people, hemmed in
by hostile States, they met and conquered for several
months the armies of an empire of 50,000,000; and,
when at last they were overwhelmed by numbers
and physical force, they' refused to submit, and chose
rather death or exile than capitulation or convention
ith their former master. Their Government, con-
ducted with great moderation and regularity till near
the period of their final disaster, sent out intelligent
mid honourable men to solicit the assistance and
countenance of free Governments, for the re-admit-
timre into the family of nations,—and their short-
lived diplomacy was conducted with equal spirit and
ability tr., their arms. Such is the immortal course

,chick this noble people have run in the brief space
of a few mouths,—months of grand events and
terrible vicissitudes,—months in which they have
exhibited to the weld the subliinest example in
modern times of what pitch of heroic action and
noble disinterestedness, patriotic courage and love of
independence can icach,--months in which they
have Been theirconntr) emancipated from slavery,

re-united and independent, crowned with victory,
and, alas ! again a prey to barbarous despots, It
ought to be remembered, that before the entry of the
Russians into Warsaw on:the Bth of September,
there had been two days of negotiation between the
Russian. Commander-in-chief and the head of the
Polish Provisional Government. The demands of
the latter were at first deemed so extravagant that
the former would not listen to them, and accordingly
ordered the projected attack on the capital to pro-
ceed. These demands included not only the inde-
pendence of the recent kingdom of Poland, but the
re-union with it in freedom of the Polish provinces
incorporated with Russia since the first partition.
On ,the renewal of the attack, Krukowiecki, the
Polish chief, lowered his demands, and ultimately
accepted of a convention which stipulated only
for an entire amnesty since the revolution,
and the establishment of things on their former
footiNg (previous to November 30, 1830), un-
der the sceptre of the Emperor. Neither the
Diet nor the army would consent to ratify
this capitulation, though they were unwilling to
refuse the 'mat of it to the inhabitants of the
capital, if they desired by accepting it to save their
city from the horrors of an assault, and they there-
fore retired :before the Russians entered, through
Praga, upon Modlin. The nation was now cons -
dered as centred in the body of troops which still
declared for independence. The Diet, and the
members of the Government, with the national ar-
chives and treasures, accompanied it to M odlin;
but it was plain that if they could not make' a stand
at Warsaw, they could not successfully resist the
arms of Russia when Warsaw was lost, and when
their best Generals were dismissed from jealousy,
or were suspected of treachery. Accordingly, the
action of the mutilated Government and .Legisla-
tore, when confined. to a fortress or a camp, was
paralysed, and in a little month we find the different
divisions of the army—true:to their original resolu-
tion of not submitting to Russia—laying down
their arms on the confies of bordering States,
and accepting of a temporary asylum from foreign
despots. Europe lost its interest in the movements
and actions of these separate corps as soon as they
ceased to be directed to any practicable object in the
acquisitiow of national independence—and the frame-
work and burning materials of those brilliant dis-
plays of military prowess and valour, which, like an
exhibition of artificial fireworks, had occupied a won-
dering public, fell down on a foreign land, like the
smoking sticks and half-extinguished remains of the
same fireworks, neglected and almost unnoticed.
But the patriots, whose address we publish, seem de-
termined that themselves and their noble comrades
in arms shall not be forgotten, or merged in the
hordes of Russian slaves. Between 30,000 and
40,000 of the best citizens of Poland are now
foreign lands. They have the example of
the " Polish Legion" before them, and in-
tend, like it, to become a nation without a
country, till happier times restore them to
the banks of the Vistula and the possessions of
their ancestors. The Dutch, though passionate
lovers of their canals and marshes, resolved, on the
invasion of Louis XIV., to collect their shipping
and to transport themselves to their colony of IL-
tavia, in the East Indies, rather than submit to the

tyranny of the conqueror. The Poles have neither
ships of their own country to carry them, nor colo-
nies on which to retire; but they find the means
of transport across the Mantic from strangers, and
may carry their household gods to a land of free-
dom, where, among the people who gave an asylum
to Kosciusko, they may wait for the result of Euro-
pean revolutions, and the return of more propitious
days for liberty. In the mean time we trust that
the European Governments, in conformity with the
repeated declarations of the Emperor of Russia to
the French Minister at Petersburg!), will urge on
his Imperial Majesty a general amnesty, and the
re-establishment of the kingdom of Poland, with all
its privileges and rights, as guaranteed by the Con-
gress of Vienna. The abandonment of Poland by
its noblest sons will not warrant a breach of his en-
gagements to Europe, or an additional oppression on
the Poles who still cling to their country.—Times.

With regard to the appearance of cholera in Eng-
land, we can add but little in the way of observat;on
to the few remarks which we submitted on Satur-
day last. We have, however, infinite satisfaction in
being able to state that the strongest doubts are en-
tertained as to the fact of the deaths which have oc-
curred at Sunderland being occasioned by cholera at
all, and if they were so caused, as to its being an
imported cholera, while the Board of Health in the
above town has published a declaration stating that
no new cases whatever had shown themselves, al-
though two days had elapsed. In truth, if the fo-
reign cholera should be introduced into this country,
it is a disease fur less extensively fatal tha❑ the
typhus fever with which we have at different pet iods
been so familiarized in every part of G.eat Britain
and Ireland. In another column we insert a paper
which proves that the Government has not been idle
in suggesting and enforcing means for the mitigation
of the malady when it may arrive; and we must take
the liberty of asserting, that a more malignant attack
upon the character of any Administration, or a more
inhuman one upon the natural fears and weaknesses
of the whole community, is not to be found in the
history of human wickedness, than in a recent article

of the Quarterly Review, animadveited upon by our
correspondent. To aggravate the terrors which the
author of the article strives to instil, by restraints
upon free agency, which must cut off all the comforts
of ordinal), life from every family in the nation,
might indeed go far towards creating a general
apae-hy on the question of Reform. But lie who
could so play with human happiness would have need,
we think, of no slight internal reformation.—Times.
There i-i, we trust, no imprudence in now express-
ing our belief, that from the timely information
which reached his Majesty's Ministers, re!ative to
the designs of some of those through whom the pro-
ject of a " working-class" riot was got up, and
under whose guidance it was to have been executed
within a few more hours, and likewise, and in no
small degree, in consequence of the prompt and un-
sparing exposure of the Press, such precatrions have
been taken both by Government and by the several
parishes, that no bad results need be apprehended,
let the insurgents attempt what they please. A
powerful military force has been drawn from various
quarters to within a few miles of the capital, con•.
siting of several regiments of horse and infantry,
besides the three regiments of Household Cavalry,
and five or six battalions of Foot Guards. It is
true that the disturbers have been so far cowed as
to have ostensibly postponed their meeting to some
fitter opportunity; but some of them are known
too well to be trusted, and the troops, under the
orders of decided (not Bristol) Magistrates
will act if requisite without a moment's delay.
We have already hinted at the monstrous absur-
dity of attaching a certain description of rights to
certain ranks or callings among English citizens.
Let us ask the mischievous blockheads who call the
" working class" together, whether it is by virtue of
being daily workmen or mechanics that they exer-
cise political privileges ? Does the Constitution
say, or has it ever said, that Englishtnen shall make
laws, or levy taxes, or vote for the representatives
who do exert such faculties, in consequence of their
being merchants, or country gentlemen, or lawyers,
or clergymen, or physicians, or master manufac-
turers, or journeymen manufacturer, ? The Consti-
tution acknowledges rights, it is true, and powers ;
but not distributed according to such vague and pre-
posterous divisions of society as these intiguers would
imply. Parishes are recognized by the Constitution
of England—boroughs, cities, counties—as having,
each of these denominations, its own specific attri-
butes, which are shared in proportions, and under
conditions, pointed out by law among the inhabi-
tants, not according to the wealth in each indivi-

dual's possession, only where-13cetse
rank and scat on which he
t o
the or
holds; not by any such standard as that of being
concerned)
a working man or an idle man,—a man who
drives in his carriage, or one who rides on

horseback or walks, or earns ?OK per annum
