Sill JOHN MOORE.

7 r T tis. General, it appears, was sent into Spain with
cvery..consit,ierable British force, which was to ad
as an att*i•liafy artily to the Spaniards, or as an army
of reserve, upon which the Spanish armies, should
they find thotseives inferior to the French, might
fall•back,'"or With which they tn:ght unite and rally.
And, if this plan had been attended to and followed
by the Spanish Generals, the event of the campaign,
upon Buonlparte's entering the Peninsula, might
have been different. Unfortunately the Spanish
Councils, or the decisions of:the Spanish Generals,
by committing their armies seperately against the
enemy, have defeated this plan. •

IYl)ep Sir John Moore colle6leal his force at Sala•
manca, and was enabled to join Sir David Baird, he
had a right to expea that the Spanish armies,
amounting to 100,000 men, would have so man-
aged and mancauvered, as that if they had 'been
obliged to retire before the enemy, they would have
retired as armies ; but they is Nett enabled
to reassemble in 'regular bailee, ard that at least the
, centre and left would have fallen back, so as to con-
nest themselves with his army. Instead of which,
the three Spanish armies sutfered themseltais to be
attacked separately, one after another, and were not
only defeated,, but dispersed. •
As soon as Sir John .Mote received notice of the
dispersion of the three armies, he.waa the most
intricate situation at Salamanca. He conceived, and
conceived upon true military principles, that as soon'
as Buonaparte had defeated Castanos, he would aft
as he had almost always aefed, according to those.
principles, and that before he would proceed to the
capital and elongate his line of operation, he would
attack and endeavour to defeat the only remaining
corps which bad any thing•like the consistency of au
army, or could at.l on his rear and communications.
He imagined, with a true military mind, that lino-.
naparte, instead of marching to Madrid, would con'
centrate his whole force against him and Sir D.
Baird, before they could be so united as to establish
themselves and form a system of operation.
It was certainly possible for fluonapayte, instead,
of marching on the Somo Sierra, to have erased the
Burgos Road, and pressing op VailadoliclA to have
collected at least 00,000 men, 10,000, of them Ca-
valry, on Sir John Moore's army.' It was otiviotiSlY
his interest to have done so ; and If be could then
have defeated our corps, and forced it to retreat,
Spain would have been left to her own resource*,
only, depressed not only by the dispersion of her
own armies, but the defeat of our's. Boonaparte6
vanity led Mini to make a false more, and Sir' Joh*
Moore has taken the advantagerof it.

When Sir J. Moore received the news Of the dis-,
p`eriien ot..castatids's army, he aecordinglY tor*
tifeasureo4 retreating ; bUt as socin as liie\pard kW.
Buonapacte had carried his main army to OM, Ott
that Madrid resisted, lie imMediately took advatVe
of this false move; and as the French armies were
now separated, he endeavoured to net in the rear O.
their main body, to cut off, if pussiblt, a detache4,
division, and to force Buonaparte to, yalt Madrid,,,"
and his projeds unjust the South at Spam,

operation (which
..04ttary,tromai call a ,
verstorq. lie hat esseceedesL.! ,litiortepsettc
had thrown his advanced guard as far as Altnarekirs
the road to Truxillo. This bas been precipitately
recalled,, and be has marched into Gallicia blip*
the whole of his army which was at Madrid, 44
begun at the Guadnmanus, towards Gallicia, and
called also away the corps sent againt Saragossa.
Now let Lis consider the effort of this movement,.
There are accounts by General Lefebvre, that Buo-..
naparte'v main body of infantry did not quit the
environs of Madrid till the 23.1 December; .how-
ever, his advanced cavalry arrived at Benevente on
the 28th. Sir John Moore would be with his whole
army within the passes of Villa Franca on the ed.,
Villa Franca ,is aho maelstrom Madrid; now it is
impossible that an army of 35,000 men could march
that space in winter, havintrio magazines, under to
days, and his infantry and artillery could riot bav,e
been at Villa'.Franca before the ath of 'January
he pursued •Sir John Moore, and endeavoured to hal.
rass and to attack him, he must enter the defiles 'of
Gallicia, and Ulm.* himself into a country destitute
of provisions, and where his progress could not be
rapid : we might safely venture to assert, that were
he to force Sir J. Moore to.re-embark, the opera-
tion would take him to the end. or Ja:iuttry ; anti
then 'he Would have been obliged to bring his artily
to the coast. 'Suppose Buonaparte obliged to go. tO.
'Vigo', and io be there at the cod or January. Vigo.
is 35.0 miles from Madrid. If he then returna- to
Madrid, for that is his best road, and tuarChes to
Cadit., it will be4s,t) miles more; so amt. Sir J.
Moore's operation has forced him to a march of 70n.
miles, He has now a march from Vigo or Corimmi
of 500 miles, to the Sierra Morena, and of 710 miles•
to Cadiz. Supposing he leaves the neighbourhood
of C(irtinna on the Ist of Feb. he could 'not march
to the Sierra under six weeks, nor to CadiZ under
two months.

The Spaniards, instead of being obliged to defend
the Sierra Morena in the middle of January, will
boye time to prepare till ihe middle of March, and,
the French could hot arrive at Cadiz, should the
Sierra be forced, till the beginning of APril, hi.
short, Sir John Moore's :movement will live- she
Spaniards in the South an interval for preparation o(
full three months.

it
,is gj., reat .consideration, that. Buonaparte's
ti'oenti'ibany 4il which had matched from tho North
01 Gerrpapy, 1.101 1600 mks, will now have to
March 'root)* ingrehefore they can reach Cadiz,
Ad. it
.is7otriptts. to .every, military mans ilzu
*l;tltlitl.opta;fattgue in winter hiaarnl may groot,t
ly atittr. , • •

In thepean time, the Sliabiards have received four
minions and a hallo( dollars trot Vera Crui, end
they, will receive from the 134m` port in February,
eight millions more, besides Use sums that are ex-

pelted from Buenos Ayres and Lima.

Zf it:bi).tnis that Mcm LA has deserted the ptitrotic,
Gain in Spain, helms eitived himself equatly tOolish
and yelakeAliribr the Corsican will only deceive
temporary, I keorary, and then' tutl•
aigri him to the infamy which he deserves.---
Thil”-vaito betray their, Country tau never exppa
nOtirej .:tzni EtIONArAKTIt 110$
enoug of 'his Own to prov,iiie lor, not likely
to leave any think worth-having to a foteien Traitor,

'FROM THE-MADRID G,,
DEcEmr,Eit 7, 18(0,

•

C API TU LA'fiON.
1114311Ctra TF3E MILITARY AND CIVIL "JUNTA coy
,tMADIIID, TO II IS IMPERIAL AND IltiNk fik
JPSTY: 'THE- EMPEROR OP THE Cli•

ARTICLE I.,—The preservation rot* 'the' Catholic,
Aposi.otic. and Roman Religion, without any other
tolerated..
./frtswer .—Granted. •
o,ie Jl,The liberty and security rd.-the' liveli•
.ind2properties of the citizens and other persons re-
. switt..in Madrid, as well as of those in public.
;:..etnployments;: the preservation of their, situations,
.-; ,or,tr.ll*. option of their retiring 111)111 this PO4ll, if
•vtbey..should-prefer- the Ives, •• privir
leges, anti properties, of the._ -secular; ;an& regniar
,e:fteclesiastic4,of bath sexes; .toiether=witif the• reaped
clue to,the Churches, all in confortiliffr to our lnwS
infit7ettstoms. • , ; : ; ,
• "Mayer .—Granted. •
es . •
ALIT, I.ll.—The lives and :properties •of ad' nlih-
-• tOty•Otlicers of rank•aretikewise to be safe.
Answer.—Gri.inted. • . •
41t.r..1V.--No person shall be liable to persecn-
- lion, on account of-their political opinions or writ--
ings, any. inwe, than those employed in a public,
capacity, for what they may have dotie hitherto in
the exercise of their employments, dr in obedience
to the f,rnier Government ; nor shall. the people
6utfer for the etforts which they have made for their
defence.
Answgr,—Granted.
ART. Nr...--,No other contributions • shall be ex--
a61"1 heYGnd the ordinary ones that have hitherto
beets paid.
•
Answer Granted, till the ,Realm shall defini-
tiycly be organized: *'
Vl.*".oUr. Lawsy Customs, and Courts of
Justice. Thal be preserved their prestnt C
fronstitu-
o!).

• • •
••- di.iswer.---Granted, until the Kingdom undergoes
its-detinitive, organization.
, A'aT. \ILL.—The ii'reneli• Troops and their Of-
,
liters ...hall not be quartered in 'prisate houses,
Lut in military lodging houses and tents, arid' by
. • rio in Convents or Monasteries-; the privi-
' legt" 'llink'ved to the respective classes .by the laws
nQlng preserved. ' •
• 11 niwei —Granted, it behig well, understood that
U°ll/' the °dicers and Privates- must have quarters
tents that are fuNtished . conformably ,to the
Military' regutatioils, unless the said buildings be in.
' Infficient:Axe VIII.--The • •
troops shall march out Of the
• tOwn with the. honours at war, and
,be at liberty
to retire whithersot ver.they cruse.
troops shall march out with the.
1161)011's of war; they shall march off by files,to-day•
at toar o'clock in the afternoon, and leave their
• anus anti cannon : the armed peasants shall also
Leave their. arms And artillery.;*after which the inha-
bitants shall 'elite to their houses, and, those from
%vithout the town to their villages:
Ail the individuals that have enlisted among the
troops of the line lbw months ago, shall be free
from their engagements, and retire to their villages.
Ali the rest shall continue prisoners of war till
At) exehatik.,,e -takes place, 'which shall comnie,:ce
immediately between equal numbers, and rank for
rank.
Awr, 1X.-7-The 'public debts and engagernents
of. the State shall be faithfUlly and constantly dis-
' charged.
Answer.--Thiß being A political objet, be.longs to
the cognizance of the Assembly of.thelealm, and
depend, on the general adiniuittratioti...*
Art. X Those Generals who wish to coirtittiOliffi.
the Capital, shall preserve their, rank ; and A(1'01'101'
are desirouS of quitting it, shall be at.litrerty 'so t
do.'
. •
:einsiver.--GRlntect: they shalVremaitt •rn their'
station, attliougn their. pay can: only itaintitte
Kingdom receives its ultimate argatitzatiori; -

ADX IYIUN4 IsLEvt NTa ARTICLE

~..
A detacianent . of 'Guards lihall this day, at four
"..O'clock, take tiosite.l/4siun of the Palace gates: 'l' he
• diff4ent: gates •of.the' City, 'shall; .about tile satin:
titn!r, be delivered up•to the French arrny.'
. I.he.Guard-iinthe of the .Body Guards, and the
, CePqr.ll Husirir,l, shalt& surre'irdeled to ti 1fii!.311211
army at the sainelltne: ' ' • • :4!, ..... •T.
t the sante hour, the Park of Arti.1194.,;414,,tPe.-.
Arscliali,
,togethin- with` the Engineers
rliall„.hp4,u,r:;,
rendered to the French 4rtillery and' km., inie`44... ~„
1::lie. ‘4orks and entrenChmenti shall'lp (1,v,,v,443tii
,
apd,.t.pstieeis repaired.- ' .
....ijoiat,iiv,l
'The,„,Frerteh ()thee , a bout '6; take tne comp-fano at .
' AtArldi.silatl, about rdid;dity,' repairt under a rnili,
tary guard, tb the lionittiot the Principal (cr,vernor),
' in' er.der to concert -- with. Goverilinent,, regulAtions i
Of Police, and rneasuri•s• for the re-establishment 1
of good -brcler, and public security in all parts of the_
town, ~ . .
..
_.We the -undersigned Commicii•
, authosed:
..,bY thk- lull poweri for •settlihi; andoner higuis
ng ri
the 'pre-
- sent' Capitulation, have agreed upon the faithful and
entire execution of the abovo measures.
, .. FKRNANDO bE Lt VERA Y PANReGA.
_TOXAS D NIURLA.
.....:. '
.. ALEOANDiiO.
' —inliiiilo/ a&n,t) at fliddrid, the' - -
..,... . .4,1. k. 91,..,;Deconbcr,,
.(4' (14c0,c0-iii
....
. , ,

•
PROCLA444TION OF Tlt SUP It EME
• , • •
rurnistari AT ST. NAHYLS AND CA.Oli, ON 'r
• ~'-23:0- Or .pacitNitliit. ..
„ Spaiarth, 'the hired etniasaries of"0,110.:?Ilte,
'with t
•bo bi,lllisieading you, and briAking
811prerne Omerniiig Junta of the Xingdotra into aiS.
tupute,'sArtati reports that the fatter have qppriiverl
the capitulation of Aladi id. •T ht rrovvreigir 'body „
• • reel it to he_ _thtir diaty:to -contradia tn.nours, the
ohjeetand tendency of .which is to Sow aistrost qe-
twpen the Clowernment,and the people, to piodriee
general discouragement and anarchy, -and to expose
to contenrpt t'oe sacred oath of year geOcsttUt4'
urea;':;
si 'O PP '4l
" Spaniards, the Surrmile, Sputa, vidirAcilitoo
is
.I)eatli or Liberty,' are fa'r &ow-at-I[llO,V ill?, Olt %OW
•(,4,Pit,..4 wll4llOll Of any town. • Ibtlt wllictstiticeignizta
turper, rand submit t( to the law of Aredrytitut72
jsr hot apt etteury. These arotllPlNlll'e
:,t° to (I*o'.

' ` ~+ h

timents of the t.tprernts' Junta--sentiments which
they will' never belie in --*" did ''er 'deed.; w t
ever you may be by the partisans of 4.lespotism,,
those vile wretches who sacrifice to a miseinible
interest the saere'd rights of their country, be ts.ltn..;
ed that their reports are caluinnies—snales laitifor
you by. the Tyrant, to entangle you in the mazes of
his infernal policy. The country you have sworn to
defend, the religion wherein you have sworn to die,
the spouses and offspring your have sworn to pro-
tea, a- captive • King whom you have sworn to,
rescue—all demand the fultihnent of your prothise.
And ye, brave inhabitants of Madrid, who re-
ftised your assent to a shameful capitulation; and
,rising superior to others infested with emir-nun&
and even to yourselves, preferred death to misery
and: slavery, persevere in your generous resolution.
The momentary occupation of the buildings of the
city by the enemy is Of no importance, whilst they
are not masters Of your -hearts. Continne to resist
them in the very bosom of your families; place no
confidence in their deceitful professions ; retied that
to'every people they have promised happiness, and
all they have plunged into misery. The Junta, who
watchover your destiny, will cause numerous rein-
forcements to*march to that unfortunate Capital,---,
They have not forgotten you ; keep alive your
hopes, retain your bravery and limitless, and your
deliverance will be the more glorious, as the danger
you have encoentered•has been great."
