.. ,
.. ~. ..... ......_
.. . . ... _
.. . • ,
• ..,
. -
i, • .!!,/iii. ' ' ~.,..,,,,...-: 41, .. ...,
.... . . .
...;)
......,,,,...--• •„„, , ,
tn
_
A ,'`."' ' ..: •
•
• ril .--, ..,.. . , 1 N 4,4,, o .....,,, tm,
,s.
~,,,,„ ~.,f..r.74-1.4:;;;,..,..., i .„„
..-- '`.,.'...-.,_
•<
i, • '
• 1,44,, .
_: . ~ 7 - •,.,,,,,,"
.'., 44.* ... „. •
~,.;,b_
'''''-• '..i"., .t• 7 • ", 1/4,...
.. .-_, .
0 •,..
`.. 1....
• , j .. . i
6 • „ ,
.4 -4-j,'-'s'
'tj'k‘ -1112-
'
"fr ~.
.4.,.-\llis;. 9- •-•
....../ • \ ~ _ ,
„..._ ,
f;'!';',,..
_..,./ L,' 1
'''.l7,- -,-. - ' '.4.4 .' ZN ' •17"',-4,..; j„,.14 'A P4`..i. 1'0.) '.' ,a 1.% a '„' ' ',..'t,',.. 4,,,,-N Q'' • . ~R.PIIL . ..,01, ~ , ,--,...(....,....--

LONDON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 140.

CONDEMNED BARRACK STORES—LINEN AND
• . WOOLLEN RAGS.
• - OFFICE OF -011DNANCI7'; 83, PALL-MALL,
JUNE 15,1840.
rriHE PRINCIPAL OFFICERS of HER
MAJESTY'S ORDNANCE do hereby give notice
that persons• desirous of CONTRACTING for the PUR-
CHASE, of CONDEMNED BARRACK LINEN and
WOOLLEN RAGS in Sundry of the districts throughout
Great Britain, Ireland, and the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey,
and Alderney, from the IA of Jazz, 1840, to the 30th of SEP-
TEMBER, 1542, may obtain the Particulars of Contract, Form
of Tender, and List of Districts, at this Office.
Sealed Tenders in the form prescribed, are to be sent to this
Office, en or before Twelve o'Clock at noon, on the 14th of
July next, addressed to " The Secretary to the Board of
Ordnance, London," endorsed Tenders for Condemned Bar-
rack Bedding." -
By order of the Board cf Ordnance,
R. BYHAM, Secretary.

BRITISH AND FOREIGN ANTI
SLAVERY CONVENTION.

The Delegates assembled at ten o'clock, Dr. GREVILLE in
the Chair.

The Minutes of the Meeting of Monday mere read and con.
firmed.

Mr. JOSEPH STU RGE begged to take the opportunity of con-
gratulating the meutiug upon the fact that the Ministry had
been beaten on the clause in the Colonial Passengers Bill allow-
ing the importation of Hill Coolies into the Mauritius. The
numbers were—for the clause 109, against it 158; so that they
Lad a majority in favour of their views of 49.—( Cheers.) Be-
fore proceeding to the business, he begged to be allowed to
recommend gentlemen to be careful of the time of the Conven-
tion—it was most important that they should finish their pro-
ceedings that day, and they had much to do—let it, there-
fore, be a day for business, and not for long speeches.
aptain STEWART proposed a resolution of thanks to the
Missionaries of the London Reformed Presbyterian and Mora-
vian Churches, for their endeavours to enlighten and preserve
the liberty of the negroes. In his opinion they deserved the
same meed of approbation which the Convention had already
given to the Baptist Missionaries. He was anxious that it
should pass, but he was anxious that there should be no divi-
sion of opinion upon it. If it were not likely to be unani-
mously carried, he would not press it.
\lr. STANFOELU, of Belfast, seconded the motion.

The Rev. Mr. HINTON said it was impossible that it could
pass in its then shape. Many would object to it.
Dr. Pater, of Jamaica. objected to the resolution, as it
made no mention of the ministers of the Establishment. Al-
though he was a Baptist himself he must say that many of the
clergy of the Established Church were warm friends of the
negro, and one of them was even now suffering imprisonment
in a jail in Jamaica for his zeal in the cause.
The feeling of the meeting being in favour of a resolution
more general in its character, it was referred to a sub-Com-
mittee, and was afterwards proposed by
The Rev. Mr. CARLYLE, and was a resolution of thanks to
the missionaries and ministers of all denominations, who- had
endeavoured to promote the welfare of the negro and of sym-
pathy with those who were suffering for their exertions in the
cause.

Mr CREWDSON secondedthernotion, which was unanimously
agreed to.
Dr. BOWRINO then read the address to the French nation,
prepared by the Sub-Committee, which on the motion of
Mr. J. 'f. PRICE was unanimously adopted.
[We will give this document and others, which want of
space compels us to omit, on the fist opportunity. J
Rtenaun ALLEN, of Dublin, then brought up the Report
of the Committee appointed to consider the question of how
British capital was employed in the furtherance of the slave
trade and slavery. lie said theesaminations entered into by the
Committee had been most humiliating; turn which way they
would they found British capital directly engaged in the slave
trade, and upholding it both at home and abroad. It was a
question that demanded the earnest and most serious attention
of every friend of the negro. There was much that yet re-
mauled in darkness, and he trusted all friends to the cause
would expose all that came to their knowledge, so that public
opinion might be brought to bear upon those concerned in the
support of such traffic.

BOULTEEE moved, and Mr. STOVELL seconded, the
adoption of the Report, which was unanimously agreed to.
The Committeee had also prepared several resolutions, but
as some thought they might be considered libellous, they were
recommitted, and ethers substituted and adopted.
On the motion of Mr. STACEY, a resolution was unani-
mously adopted, calling upon the Government strenuously to
oppose itself to the introduction of slave-grown sugar.
Mr. FosTelt then brought up the report of the Sub-Commit-
tee appointed to draw up an Address to the Crowned Heads of
Europe who were possessors of slaves.
Mr. HILL moved the adoption of the address. He had been
most anxious to give his humble aid and assistance to the great
cause of anti-slavery—it was one to which he had been at-
tached ever since he had been able to frame an idea—he had
attended at the first sitting of the Convention, but he saw so
many men of greater talent and of more knowledge of the
question present, he felt convinced that it was better for
him to remain a silent and attentive listener rather than take
an active interest in the deliberations of the Convention.
It was from no want of sincere and deep feeling in favour of the
cause, but he thought it would be better promoted by allowing
other gentlemen to occupy their attention It was with much
pleasure he moved the adoption of the address, and he sincerely
trusted it would be productive of much good to the oppressed
negro.
Sir C. E. SMITH seconded the motion; although he felt that
he had no right to do so, for he took shame to himself for not
having given more attention to the details of the subject, and
for coming so late amongst them. All sects of religionists
agreed that man was a responsible being, but slavery took it
away, and placed the slave at the will of his master. The knot
of slavery had been tied by Government, and therefore he se-
conded the motion with pleasure, because he wished to see
them untie it again.
The motion was unanimously agreed to.

Mr. PRESCOTT, of Berbice,lhen presented a report upon the
results of the emancipation of the negroes in the West India
colonies. Their object in meeting was not so much to convince
themselves of the evils of slavery, but to collect and send forth
evidence of it to convince others; that evidence could not be
too fell, and hadtime permitted he would have been most happy
to have entered at some length into the effects of emancipation
as they had come under his own observation. As time was so
precious he would content himself with calling upon all the
friends of the negro to watch most attentively the laws enacted
by the Colonial Legislature. The laws enacted in Barbadoes
were even worse for the negro than those passed by the Legisla•
ture of Jamaica. He proposed the following resolutions, which
were carried :
"That the beneficial results of emancipation in the British Colo-
nies, as exhibited in the religious, moral, and social improvement of
the 'showing population, have far exceeded the most sanguine anti.
cipations of the friends of freedom and humanity. That theincreased
value of property in these Colonies satisfactorily proves the measure
to be one co great advantage to the proprietors and planters; and
that in order to the salutary and efficient working out of this great
experiment, the progress of colonial legislation must be jealously
watched; the withdrawal of a stipendiary magistracy strenuously
resisted ; and an entire reformation in the administration of justice
perseveringly sought.

"This Convention being painfully implessed with the fact, that
the enemies of human right are actively promoting oppressive
measures both in this country and in the colonies, the object of
which is to silence those philanthropists who advocate the cause
of the poor, and to consign the emancipated to a new and bitter
bondage.

"That this Convention would particularly refer to the laws re-
cently passed in Jamaica and Barbadoes, and to the persecutions cf
missionaries and others in the former colony; and this Convention,
therefore, earnestly implores the friends of the Anti-Slavery enter-
prise, and especially the Committee of the British and Foreign
Anti-Slavery Society, carefully to observe and to take measures
for frustrating all insid'ous attempts either to abridge the liberties of
the emancipated, or to silence and crush their protectors."
Their adoption was moved by Mr. HARVEY, and seconded by Mr.
FINLAY.

The Rev. Mr. MIROM spoke of the happycondition of the clam-
cipated negroes in British Guiana.
Mr. ALEXANDER drew the attention of the Convention to this
fact—it was often stated that the production of sugar had de-
creased since the emancipation in our colonies, and this was used
as an argument for the importation of Hill Coolies.—(Hear.)
Now the fact was that before the emancipation, the decrease of
production had begcn—(Hear)—so that it certainly was no argu-
ment against free labour.—(Hear.)

The Rev. Mr. SEABORR, of Berbice, bore testimony to the good
effectrof emancipation.
Mr. SCOBI,E had great pleasure in stating, as the result of the
tour he had taken in Guiana, &c., that the negroes had fully borne
out the most sanguine expectations as to their conduct under
emancipation ; that they had become diligent and careful ; that
they had supported their religious teachers, built their religious
edifices, nay, sent large sums over to the aid of religious Socie-
tics—(Cheers)—and as to the pretence of diminished production
of sugar, it was just to the extent—and no more—which would re.
cult from the deduction of one day from the six, for the negro's
cultivation of his own land. The evils of slavery could never be
remedied by any mere modification—nothing could remove them
but utter extinction.—(Hear, hear, hear.) Full, unrestric-
ted liberty, must be given to the negro, in order that
he might reap the advantage of the blessings conferred on him.
He trusted that their friends from various parts of the country
would feel the importance of maintaining inviolate the great prin-
ciple of total and immediate emancipation—that there would be no
compromise on this subject; and he hoped that the Delegates from
France would feel it to be their duty to advocate entire emancipa-
tion without restriction, without money, and without price.—
(Cheers.) There was one other point to which he wished for a
moment to advert. He had felt it to be his duty that morning to
render thanks, first to Almighty God, and then to his Hon.
Friend on the platform (Dr. Lushington), who was last night en-
abled to carry the conviction of the House of Commons in favour
of the liberty of the Hill Coolies.—(Cheers.) With these remarks
he begged to support the resolution.

Mr. Baaneuati also supported the resolution. In the ship in
which he and some of his friends came over to England, there were
a few planters from British Guiana, who represented the state
of things there as being most horrible. They said
their estates had greatly din ii.ishcd, in value; and
one of them stated that last year he had lost on
his own plantation,:a small one, 1,5001. But these gentlemen,
from certain statements they made, utterly destroyed their own
credibility, and he could not, as he told them, believe one word
they said—(Laughter)—and for this reason : they stated deli-
berately, and with all the gravity that John Bull was ever known
to put on his countenance, that the eloquent Gentleman who had
last addressed the meeting (Mr. Scoble) was a madman—(Laugh,
ter)—that his friend Charles Stuart was a fool—(Renewed laugh-
ter)—and that Daniel O'Connell was a mere political demagogue.
He (Mr. Bradburn) immediately replied—" Now, Gentlemen, that
statement is sufficient to give the lie to all you have told see with
regard to emancipation."—(Laughter.) But they all admitted the
system worked very well for the negro.—(Hear hear.)
Captain STUART wished to mention that there were two islands
which required the especial care and attention of the Convention ;
one was Tobago ; because it was more out of the way of national
and commercial observation than any other. No ship scarcely
touched it, except the mail. It was out of the world's eye, and con-
sequently they might easily guess what its condition was. The
other was the island of St. Lucia, br.icause it was most devoid of
religious and moralinfluence.

The Rev. Mr. KNIBB fully concurred in the resolution before
the meeting. He rose to draw the special attention of the Con-
vention to the laws that had been recently passed in the island of
Jamaica, although he believed they were quite as bad in other
colonies. But he especially referred to Jamaica, for the purpose of
imploring the Committee to prepare a resolution, and a strong one,
for discussion on Wednesday, when they would have more time to
speak on the matter. He had seen in the public prints a state-
ment that it was the intention of Lord John Russell to let those
laws go into operation, and merely to send out some recommenda.
Lions of amendments to the House of Assembly. The fact was,
that they might just as well trust the lamb to the tiger as to trust
the liberty of the negro to the House of Assembly. They said
they would take care of the liberty of the negro, but it was only
as the tiger took care of the lamb, who said he could carry it better
than it could walk, and afterwards secretly devoured it.—(Hear,
hear.) If those laws were to be carried into operation by the
hands of a Jamaica Magistracy, the whole battle would have to
Hear, hear.) He believed those laws had
be fought over again.—(
been passed far the purpose of obstructing liberty, and of strangling
It at its birth; and he called on every anti-slave man and woman to
I assist in fighting out fairly, yet peacefully, the grand
object they had in view in the island of Jamaica.—
' (Hear, hear.) He urged them to do so, because his
American friends were constantly reiterating in his ears, that upon
the result of the emancipation in Jamaica depended the liberty of
the negro in America.—(Hear, hear.) They ought to use every
moral effort to gain unrestricted liberty for their emancipated bre.
thren. It would be their duty to provide a home for the negro
population, and to afford them the means of subsistence, so that
they might not be continually vexed and destroyed by those who
had been fully paid for all they had surrendered.—(Hear, hear.)
lie would put advert to one circumstance that would be interest.
