COLONEL QUINTEt

The Trial of Colonel Quirilir ha;:ing excited
a high degree of interest, not only in the Military
World, but generally in the. Country; we this day
commence the publication thereof; which we
would not have done before' its conchiSiOn, hart
it not already appeared in a Morning Paper---And
therefore must be innocuous on our part.
CoURT MA RTIA L.-This morning the-Members
of the Court again assembled at 10 o'clock, to
hear the further evidence adduced on behalf of
Colonel Quintin. At 12 o'clock the examination
of Scrjcants Cook, Ford, and Jones had been given
respecting the situation in which Colonel Quintin
was with the Regiment whilst ascending the Hill
at Toulouse on the 10th April last ; and also with
reference to attention paid Captaio Fitzclareuee
on that morning, when he bad received a wound
by a shot from the French ca7alry in his right
thigh. On the latter point Serjeant Jones was
interrogated for some time by Colonel Pahner,
as the position of Capt. Fitzclarence, whether
he was facing his regiment or fronting the enemy
When he received his wound. General Vivian
was called and examined, in respect to Colonel
Quintin's merit as an Officer, and to his having, on
or about the 18th of February last, received a
Cavalry General Order, respecting some irregu-
larities of some of the Corps under his command.
General Vivian stated to the CoUrt, the, meritori-
ous services of Col. Quintin, in Sir John Moore's
Expediton and further said, that he had hal fre-
quent opportunities of seeing Col. Quintin with
his regi;:tent, both in quarters and in the field, and,
as an Officer and a Gentleman, he had the highest
opinion of bins. Upon this,
.Colonel • Palmer,
.begged ?care to refer to the character given him by
Gets. Cartwright yesterday ; and said, that though
he had then waved, bythe-advice of the Court,
Certain questions he meant to , have pit to ,the
General, bel,mest now beg leai'e riot to give up
that point, as he, wished to know frail) General
Vivian, the chardeter of 'Colonel Quintin,
,at

snore rect-mt periods than in tile. expedition
of- `Sir Sohn Moore : ire
,(Colonel Palmer) ob•.

served, that be was the first who would stand
forward and give Colonel:Q.l6min the most ho-
nourable character as an Officer at that period.
What he now wanted from General Vivian was, the
character l►e bore in the service at the present
for his own charac.er, as. well as the whole of his
brother Officers in the 10th Hussar regiment, was
equally dear to them as that of Colonel Quin-
tin.—The Judge Advocate addressed the Court
at considerable length •on this point, in conse-
quence of which the Court was cleared, in order
to take the opinion of its Members es to the'pro-
priety or impropriety of putting that question to
..General•Vivian.

The Gazette of last night contains the official
account of the operations of our army, in taking
possession of Fort Machias, which; with-the ac-
quisition Of Penobscot Bay, embraces one hun-
dred miles of sea-coast, and includes that in-
termediate tract of country which separates the
Provi►►ce of New Brunswick from Lower Canada.

'lt is reported that Sir GEORGE PREVOST has
been recalled.

A letter front Paris of the 22d states, that the
Znlelia; American privateer, is arrived at L'Orient
from a cruize

The severity of the Duke of SUSSEX'S indispo-
sition continues unabated. lie is enable to lie
down, and is obliged to be kept, in a sitting pos-
ture, AVitil(PIC any repose, except by leaning•for-
wardon sonic support.

Letters have been received from Bonrdeaux,
which mention that General MINA had passed
through that city to proceed to Paris, in the cus-
tody of an escort, composed of 12 tens d'armes.
Sir A. COCHRANE hav►ng sailed to H►►lifax in
the Severn, and Admiral COCXBURN to Bermuda
in the Albion, Bear -Acbniral MALcoLm • has ,the
command of.the fleet during their absence.•

E'tract of a ,Letter from the American coast:
" We have taken possession of Tungier, and some
other islands in the Chesapeake. lire have erect-
ed proper fortifications and accommodations, and
here we drill the blacks' who desert from slavery
to us. We have already above five hundred of
them, clothed and armed ; A-it have tried them se-
veral times QII shore with the marines and sailors,
against their old masters, and their behaviour was
such as to gain our highest confidence. Our
rocket corps astonfsh ,the enemy much, and our
marines beat them:in grand style.y While the bat-
talion was at Bermuda, the Officers were inces-
santly employed in drilling and fitting them for
the field. The enemy observe that they are rifle-
men, infantry of the line, artillerymen, or sailors,
just as the case warrants ; and this is really the
fact. The quantities of tobacco that we have
taken are enormous. We find it well packed iii
very large hogsheads, and the article is become
of considerable value. The country. bordering on
the Chesapeake is very fine, and, was the land
highet',- 'would be as healthy as it now is pleasant.
The ships in general are well .supplied with fresh
provisions brought to us from the shore."
", 2ueer Hand at Loo.—MA' oisoN played the
Deuce---ARMSTR ONG the Knave—. General if.oss the
King, .and took the Pool."—(Phihdelphia Paper.)
