AUGUST n.

. Yesterday was publislled the following Royal Order, ad-
dressed to the Coristitutiorial Ayuntamiento :
" :Kest Excellent-Senor—The Ring desiring to give a rub-
lic.testimony 'of his gratitude to the individuals of all . classes
who on the memorable day..of, than): of
..Tuly last saved ,this
capital from tie disasters with which it was threatened, coriso-
ildatirig at the same time the empire of tree cimstitlttion arid the
laws; and wishing tatransmit to posterity: by all.possiblameans
-11_trari.:laction in which the valour and.thegenerosity of the de-
fenders of thc cause of liberty shine forth with so much logre,
has been gr.aciously pleased to accede to the' application mredc
t,, 4i:4 by yeR, the Corii.titOienal Ayuntarniento, and to pant

to the individuals-of the garrison of Madrid the ,national mili-
tia of both arms, the volunteer officers, and other patriotic
zens, who shall .prove their baiting been under . arms on the.
aforesaid
.day., the 7th .of July,. the.v,se, of common decora-:
tion or distinction, .representing on tift.'vbviisse,ilie bbbk of the
constitution .open,, supported by :two.swords, :and. surrounded:
with a palm and a laurel ;
_and on the reverse, the. following in.:;
scription, " Memorable action •Of the 7th JUIY, 18122:" Tt.l
shall be in all respects corresponding: with the accompanying'
design,..mariced No. 1, and • shall be worn suspended by a ri-
band of a mulberry colour in the middle, with red and yellow
cdacs, colours which indicate..:the'ancient,pendants of Castile,,
anil the national ilag.
" By the rc.yal order, I. commitnitate this to• Your Excellency
for your information and government, -replying to your exposi.•
tion of the day before yestcrday, and assuring your Excellency
that it gives me-the. great est satisfaction tO :be the organ of dis-
pensing.his Majesty's favour, of • which the inhabitants of this
heroic city have rendered themselves so worthy. God preserve
your Excellency: many years.
" Palace, Au 13. " MIGUEL LOPEZ DE BANOS.
1 To the Senor, President, and Members of the Constitu-
tioral of this most excellent city."
AUGUST 12.

We hear that there .arenot wanting patriots who, ani-
Mated by the best sentiments
justly
expect for the‘canee of liberty, arc
impatient to be informed of the glories which they so
expect from the presence of General Mina with the army of
Catalonia. We do not yield to those citizens in desires and
hopes, but we can :issued them that General Mina, who knows
no higher delight than to be at the head of his army, is most
anxious for his departure, but he is detained in consequence of
deliberating with the Government on points most essential to
the successfol issue of his operations.—(El Espectador. )
The following is the fiscal declaration in the investigation in-
stituted respecting the occurrence of the 30th of last month
within the precinct of the Palace :
" Don Juan de Paredes, Lieutenant-Colonel of Cavalry, &c.
By the declarations in this examination it is fully proved,
that the stones thrown 'at the sentinels Situated in the Punta.'
del Diarnente and the precinct of his Majesty's royal Palace,
were really thrown from .some of the windows or balconies of
that front, or from the roofs or angles of the same. Of this no
doubt remains, and it appears as clear as the sun at noon-day.
It-alSo results that there is no fixed person on whom the charge
of this enormous aggression can be made. There excesses must
doubtless have been committed by some evil disposed person,
who wished to compromise that respectable precinct, by ex-
posing it to the risk of the sentinels making use of.their arms,
which the ordinance charges them to do when insults are ex-
peated; and this is what in my opinion the enemies cf the
system wanted, in order to eclipse the glory which at no little
cost had been acquired by the gallant militia and valiant troops
of the garrison in those moments when, with arms in their
I hands, and with victory obtained, they rendered themselves
worthy of admiration, respecting not only the sacred and in.
violable person of hie Majesty, but even that of the lowest ser-
vant in his household.. It does not appear tome that I ought to
point out or detail the means by which the repetition of such
scandalous acts may be prevented ; not because it is not within
my power so to do, but because I do not know whether it
comes within my jurisdiction. For this reason, lam of opi-
nion that this investigation should.be closed, his Majesty in-
quiring into the details which may arise ; and that the most
energetic means should be taken to prevent the future repetition
of the offence. f his Majesty be penetrated with the justice
of these plain truths, the measures which .ought to be adoptede
and which are imperiously required for the dignity of his royal
person,will not be neglected.
" ug. 10. (Signed) JUAN DE PAREDES."
At OUST 13.

Accounts from Banelona,-ciittedtiie 2d, contain the follow,
ing intelligence receiv.d by the Political Chief of.:that pro.
vince:—

".At eight in the morning of the Ist, notice was received at
Sabadell that the rebels of San Felio de Codinas were at Caldes,
in sonic force, with Misas at their head, . without its being
_known what direction they would take. 'At six in the evening
it was learned that they were at Senmanat and Castellar. They
demanded a contribution of 800 duros from the latter towp,
but not being in sufficient force, they had not courage to take
possession of it.
" On the evening pf the Ist, some factious appeared in the
town of Monet, robbed the house of a Regidor - and Syndic,
and carried off another Regidor bound with a woman. They
afterwards proceeded towards Santa Perpetua. - -
" At eight in the evening of the 30th, about 40 factious ap-
peared before the house of Francisco Val/major, Regidor of the
town of Dosrius. The felloW who was at their head asked for
the master of the house ; and on his appearing along with his
son, they demanded thirty ounces ot gold. This being re-
fused, the banditti, after taking a hearty supper, cruelly tied
the father and son together, and carried' them off to the adjoin-
ing wood. Z hey then sent for the curate of the parish to con-
fess them, pretending that they never shot any persons until
they were confessed. The confession tieing ended, the unfor-
tattae penitents were allowed, after earnest solieitationg, .to re-
deem. their lives with. their money. The gave, as they believed,
about one-third of the 30 ounces which had been demanded:
4y-tracing-the tracks cf the horses which the robbers carried
oft;- it appears -that they -took the road to the moaritain of Far.
" On the evening of the 30th, the factious,- to the number of
between 400 aud.soo, appeared in the neighbourhood of &I-
lent, and about the-points called Plade Callaf and Pia de Ser-
rason. The three patriotic boinpaniea of this district marched
against them ; an action soon commenced,' When the rebels fled
sh.amefully towards Gaya, leaving. seven dead, and more than
20 wounded, behind them. We had only one Miguelette and
two patriots of Sellent wounded.. '
" On the 31st a factious banditti appeared' in the neighbour-
hood of Manresa. The militia of that town marched against
them, upon which they retired towarai Sampedor,Which, being
without defence, they entered in the evening, and remained
there until one in the morning cf the following day: They com-
mitted the greatest excesses, robbed, assassinated, and made a
general pillage. We are assured that ten peasants were killed
and amongst them one woman. We are likewise informed that
they exacted 400 ounces of gold, and robbed all the -housei 0"
the priests in the neighbonrhoOd."

ARMY OF THE SEVENTH MILITARY DISTRICT.
" General Don Francisco Milano writes to me; under the date
of yesterday at eight in the morning, as follows . •-- •
" This morning I attacked the enemy in the streets of this
town, which are now covered with dead bodies, arms, horses,
&c. ; and of those who have escaped, there are few who have
not been wounded by the cavalry. lam going to San Celoni
to give some rest to my troops, and thence.l shall send you a
detailed account. The facuout were about 400 in number,
commanded by Casas.'
" I make this known for the satisfaction of the public.
(Signed) " FRANCISCO FERRAZ-..
" Barcelona, August 6." •
We have before us a letter fruit the above General Ferrat,
dated the 6th, at one in the morning, which states, among other
things, that the factious have been beaten every day, and in
every direction. They want resources, and are discontented
amongst themselves. The country people begin to be irritated
at the banditti, and many of them applied to him for arms.—
The letter further states, that on the 6th there was much rain,
which is very fortunate, as it prevents epidemut. Upon the
whole, with a supply of money, and the assistance of the troops
sent by the Government, the business here will soon be con-
cluded. For our own part, we cannot do less than congratu-
late Gen. Ferraz for the brilliazt direction which he has given
to the troops under his command.
AUGUST 14.
CIRCULAR OF THE ULTRA MARINE MINISTRY.

' The King, aware that the free and unrestrained course of
the Government is calculated to inspire confidence, and ensure
a successful result of the deliberations, and convinced of the.
advantage which Spaniards abroad will derive from a knc.a',
ledge of the general provisions made for the Government of the
Peninsula and adjacent islands ; foreseeing on. the other hand
that the Ultra Marine authorities may with advantae.adopt
them provisionally, rendering as uniform as possible the ad-
ministration of both hemispheres, in those cases not decided by
the laws, decrees, or orders to be observed in those provinces,
has resolved that through the medium of the Secretary charged
..cd interim with this department, these provisions shall be
communicated to the political chiefs, with the assurance ehat
they are transmitted for their information and the instruction
of the inhabitants. By order of his Majesty', I communicate
them to you for your information and guidance. Heaven pre-
serve you many years.—Madrid, Aug. 11."
This provident step. of the Minister ad interim of this depart-
ment of the Government shows us of what the present Ministry
is capable, and what will be done by the permanent head .of
the Ultra-marine Department, when he shall find the course
Of his operations opened through the patriotic candour of his
illustrious colleague. The results cannot but be most fa-
vourable, and as a proof of this anticipatory assertion, we will
mention what we have learned from public papers, printed and
posted up in the Havannah, relative to the measure which we
approve.
The regiment of Cuba has just transmitted to France 10,380
dollars for clothing to be made there, to the injury of the na-
tional trade and industry. Had. the officers of this regiment
known the dispositions which prevail in both. Spains. con-,
cerning this subject, they would have been very careful not to
violate article v ofehe decree of the Cortes of the 30th of Nay,
1821, which provides that all the elothi and articles for cloth-
ing and equipments of the army art strictly to be of the na-
tional manufacture.
The anarchical movements of -the Serrania de Rondo do not
excite surprise as being unexpected, nor create alarm from
their consistency. It is doubtless mortifying to have to i.rce
their origin to the apathy of the former Government, which
ought not' end could not have been ignorant of what must

happen, leaving Malaga to the, mercy of odious authorities,
with Bishop Valez in conjunction with Bishop Canedo, after
what was known relative so both these prelates. In Algesiras
there has always been a counter fire to these conspiracies.
The consequence was what might naturally be expected.—
When
Senor Puenta arrived, all was over ; and though his
energetic arid prudent measures considerably diminished. the
intensity, they could not prevent the explosion of the plot, ;the
leader of which was favoured by, one of the political chiefs
of Algesiras, who had previously exerted himself against Zal-
divar and Guerra, and had discovered to the Government the
crnsade that was in preparation previous to the month of July,
and even sent a pattern of the crosses which were ordered to
be made in Gibraltar.
The result has .proved in unison with what we have seen
every where in attempts to replunge us into slavery in the
name of God. The Bishops of Malaga and Ceuta, prac-
tising the scandalous and notorious infraction of human and
Divine law have employed themselves in misleading the minds
of the inhabitants or the Serrania; who are the victims of the
grossest superstition and the lowest ignorance, joined to a fe-
rocity and boldness of character, of which the Priests know
how to avail themselves fot their own-advantage. The most
miserable inhabitants of the deserts of La Ronda have been ex-
cited by means of the Clergy, and misled with the idea that
those are martyrs who die for the temporal interests of fana-
ticism. The mine which had been laid by the agents of the
Priests exployed on the Ist instant in La Ronda, where Agui-
lar, Tinoco, Becerra, and other Chiefs of the Contrabandis-
tos, gave the signed for subversion and revolt. This signal
was obeyed by the villages of Atajate and Atgatozin, and com-
municated to those who united themselves to Banaojan
and
..,P;lontejaque, headed by Rosillo, as Gansin, the political
chief of Algesiras, had foreseen, and communicated to the for-
mer authorities of Malaga.
The number of the factious is computed to be about 300 or
400—a humber which, even with the advantages they enjoy
from their situation, cannot excite the alarm of, the well-dis-
posed, nor the hopes of ,the evil-inclined, particulariy since the
Authorities.of Malaga, Algesiras, and Seville, direct against
them forces so respectable as those which are described in the
dispatches and returns received from those Authorities. By
them it will be seen that the vigilant and active General of
Ceuta extends his 'continued wish for the liberties of the coun-
try, much beyond the sphere of the duty imposed on'him by
the important matter under his .charge. A considerable por-
tion of the column which is operating against the factious party
of La Ronda consists of troops of the brave corps of America,
Valencia, and the garrison of Ceuta, and ate interior in no re-
spect to the others who compose the liberating expedition des-
tined tb chastise the contrabanclistos.. • .

All that we have hitherto learned respecting that part of An-
dalusia, sufficiently prOves the zeal of the present Authorities of!
Malaga, Seville, and Ceuta : and the task which devolves on
those Who are infotroed by the political chief of Algesiras, of!
the mischief perpetrated by the two rambling Bishops, and of
that which was plotting at Gibraltar, will induce them to make
the• Bishop of Ceuta tiilfil the laws which confine him to a
deternitied !point,. -and the Bishop of Malaga reside in the
capita of his diocese, where there are no Serranos to be se-
duCee, nor Contrabandistos to be armed against the Govern-
ment. Which has both sworn flocks and pastors. Little can be
effected against ignorance, seduced by tithe gold ; neither the
vigil:rice of Salas andAetortisto in Xlgesiras, the zeal and ac-
tivityof 'Puente in Malaga., of O'Daly in Seville, or Butron in
Ceuta; be if, after quenching the present ephe-.
meral flame, there should survive in the breasts of Velez and.
Candos the permanent spark of new and greater conflagra-
tions, in Which Spanish blood will be shed to support the indo,
lenceand Overbearing spirit of the Ministers e a religion of
peace; charity, and the self-denial of all earthly things.
This day -an Ordinary Council was held to judge the first
Lieu:enant of Guards, Don Teodoro Goyffien. An immense
concourse•assembled to witness the first trial of one of the of-
ficers, who, unmindful-of their duty, have' made attempts on
the liberties of their country, and placed it on the brink of ruin.
The worthy advocate of the culprit, guided by the noble sen-
timents which at all times distinguishhim, drew tears from the
audience in the course of his brilliant defence. We are, how-
ever, informed that the Council has ,condemned the prisoner to
the usual punishment. - •
BARCBLONA, Ave. 3. •
The following official accounts have been received by the
Political Chief otthis province
" At ten o'clock on the morning of the 2d instant, the fac-
tious Aquilono Gimenes, second commander of the troop of
Misas, styled. the first royalist division of Cataluna of the.
• armyof Arnpardan, appeared, in Sabadell with a force of be-
tween 500 and 600 men, and 20 horses: they demanded, on
pain of death, to be provided within an hour with 800 pairs of
shoes, 1,000 rations of bread, and 12 quarters of bailey."
Atl46T 5. -

" A little before eleven on the morning of the 2d, 890 fac-
tious troops presented themselves in the vicinity of, ,Sabadell,
and from that hour until half-past four in: the afternoon, 209
of the party sacked the twin, while the rest remained in the
environs.: * •
"'The factious ticopof Misas was yesterday at :Granollers
and La Roca, with their- advanced posts' at Parpes, an_ hour .
and a half's journey from Mataro.
Yesterdayeatiour in the morning the rebels entered vim_
franca del Panadese upon which from 280 to 300 infantry,
and from 600 to 800 cavalry, sallied from Vendrell, .for the
purpose of attacking them : but the rebels.: 4. sight" of this
force lied to the mountain, and the troops continued to pur-
sue them, together with die Militia, who had retired ro their
quarters." VICH, alnna, 31. =
A number of parties of the -rebels basing united; have stir-
rounded this plate and • kept us for Some time in 'a state of
blockade.'_ :they keep their divisions in the adjoining ,
rains and the neighbouring villages, and thus, cut eff all COlll-
rnunication;. threatening witt:the punislnent:of death every
person'who attempts to introduce. previsions. " It litta:been pe--
• cesiary to send out every weel: e.culuisin.of 4.0 'twinge inert;
•to attack the rebels. • I shall not relate all the attacks which
haveteen attempted, and summenees to surrender which have
been sent in. The cowardly robbers have always been beaten
'and driven back by the troops and the militia. Nevertheless,
•on the 15th and 16th inst. they appeared in this neighbourhood,
in force to the Amount of between 3 and' 4,000 men, forming a
'line from San Sebastian to Matinee'. They had also the auda-
city to extend themselves tosthe wood Of Alt-sena, and from the
Sierra del Morral to La •Cabrera, whence began the attack,
which lasted six hours. Therwere dislodged from their posi-
tions, and driven back by the cavalry into the plains of Zogosa,
with the loss of more than 200 men : but during the night they
retuned to the same position. In the meanwhile, however,
Gen. Milans arrived, who attacked them on the morning of the
17th, when they were :beaten and pursued in all directions with
a great loss. The factious afterivards assembled to the number
of about 3,000, in Seba, Tona, and Centillas, expeeting to get
possession of a convoy of munitions coming to this place ;
but General Milans again attacked them with 1,500 men, in
Coll Formich, and after an obstinate resistance, overthrew
them. The convoy passed on, and arrived here at 11 o'clock
in the night of the 28th.
During these operations Brigadier Carillo de Albornoz,,and
the commandant of the rear-guard, remained here with, 500
men, to be ready to meet an attack which might be made against
the city, as-a column of factious was still in Manlleu and Reda,.
under the command of Targarona. This morning 500 men of
the regiment of Cordova, and 200 of the rear-guard, marched
towards Rods and Ala:alien to collect hoar, and have had some
skirmishes with the rebels under Targarona. I need say nothing
of the services of our militia, which have been equal to that of
the troops : it is sufficient to tell you, that for five days and Eve
nights, during tlme most critical period, we remained under arms
on the posts intrusted to us ' • and that 50 militia attacked 299
of the factious banditti, and drove them from the height of San
Marcos.
BAYONNE, AuthisT 13. —The post from Madrid was
stopped on Sunday evening by the factious, • at Salinae, two
leagues from Vittoria, so that we have no news from the
provinces beyond the .Ebro. Those from Biscay inforn-i us,
that the Pastor is daily engaged with the *clifterent bands
in that, country, which continue to increase ; they add,
that the nomination of the new Ministry, and that of
Mina to the command of Navarre and Biscay, has given

great satisfaction. With respect to Navarre,' we learn
the complete defeat of a detachment of the Constitutional
troops,-eighty in number; near Pampelima. The Defenders
of the Faith daily increase, and organise theirjorcein the
mountains ; their Guerillas harass the Constitutional troops,
and hate even succeeded ,in raising the- district of Sanguesa,
on the frontiers of Arragon. In . short, if the Constitutional
troops do, not receive prompt succour, this province 'vhll be-
come a second Catalonia.—lf we may believe the accounts
from- Arragon, and those from Catalonia, brought by the
post from Uleron to-day, the Royalists are almost wholly
masters of this last province, which has just established at
Urgel its Provisional Government, of which the Marquess
of ,Mata Florida is President. The Ampuradan, or more
.properly speaking, the district of Gerona, had almost entire-
ly risen en-masse; and that place, as well as Figueiras, was
r seriously threatened by the Royalists. The district of Barce-
lona was also beginning to take part in the revolt.. The dis-
tricts of Carhpredon and Manresa were not in a more satisfac.:
tory state. 'Olot, BoideluC, Manresa, and Berge, were-engaged
in acontinued struggle with the Royalists. Sire do net speak
n paicerda, where levy en mane has taken place. It is well
know that that place, Belver and Urgel, are in the hands of
the Insurgents ; and that Orgauja is unable to resist. In short,
. the situation of the Constitutionalists in Catalonia was sueh,
that on the 4th of .this month: they were not only deprived of
communication with . Ige.drid, but ever: the commandants of
the several districts could not correspond with -each on
account of the number of the who are now more con-
sidcrable than in the last War with the French.

THE .S CN.

S9LEIII QUIS DiCEAE rALSUM AUDEAT ?

LONDON,
THURSDAY, AUGUST 22,

Ire received this morning the Paris Papers of
11Tunday. Yesterday we communicated an arti-
cle from Vienna of the Bth instant, mentioning
the -recall of Count de LUTZOW, the Austrian -
Interntincio at Constantinople, at his own re-1
."A"
quest, and the. appointment of the -Baron of 11
OTTENFELS it's his succeFSOl. The article added,
that the Empertir had complied with-the Count's'
request the more readily, because the objects o(
his late negociation .at Constantinople had been:.
fully accomplished.— A pri.Vate letter from
Vienna, of the same date, states,
.on the con-
trary, that, so far from the :Count de.LUTZ Ow
.having -accomplished his task, he had in his
last ,despatch only expressed a. hope that he
should ill(imately
,succeeil in p,...ruading the
Porte to comply. with the washes of Russia, and
to open negeciations wall/that Power, under the
mediation of the Great Courts ; .-or„ in other

words, to accept the .propositions,of the Russian
Government, franscrnitted by 31.deTATITSCIIEF
CO the Austrian Cabinet. The same letters
say that - the Divan is divided. into- two
dikinct parties; the one headed by' the
celebtated Ihr.ce EFFENDI, the GriAND SEra-
Notes favourite, which is friendly to Lord
STRANGPOP,Z,I, to concessions, and to innovations;

and the other is composed.. of old Counsellors,
. .
attached to ancient institutions, and .unwilljng to.
give way to Christian Powers, or to. 'altei. 4ny
part of the internal system, however vicious or
inefficient. It uas in consequence of the former
. .
of these parties having gained the ascendancy,
that orders had been given to evacuate Wallachia
and Moldavia, and that new Ilospodars had been
appointed for those provinces. The other, how-
ever, was making fresh efforts, and it was im-
possible to say that they would not ultimately
prove successful.

.;:he French Papers contain an account of a
great victory said 'to have been gained by the
whole Army of the Faith over two hundred Con-
stitutionalists, 'near Pampeluna, of whom about
fifty were made prisoner; ; and by them the In-
surgents are also represented to have been success-
ful in Amgen and Catalonia. These accounts dif-

fer very materially from the intelligencecontained
in Madrid Papers to the 14th iiist. received ai-

rect from Spain, by which the insurgents,notwith-

standing their numbers, appear in every instance
to have been defeated. The celebrated MINA
had arrived in Catalonia, end means have been

placed at his disposal fully adequate. to the re-
storation of tranquillity in that province.
In our preceding columns we have givelLe%.
tracts from the Paris Journals ; and under tile
head of SPAIN we present copious details fro
the Madrid Papers, which are deserving of Olen;
tion. .They communicate the interesting fact
that the new Ministry are firmly establishedlagd
appear to be administering the affairs of the state
with the energy required by the circumstances

•
of the country.
FRENCH FUND3.--AUG.I9.
Five per Cents. Opened at
Highest -
Closed at 93 f. 70 G
Bank Stock llO3 1. 75 c.
Exchange on London—One Month 25 f. 40 G•
Three Months 25 f. 30 c'

Boston Papers arrived this morning to the 711

July.
REPUBLIC OF COLOMBIA.—The schooner
ore
has arrived here in 15 days from Laguira.

have received a letter. and Caraccas Papers'
" LAG UIRA, JULY 3.—1 have , the pleasure of sendiagi- i„
several numbers of the Anglo-Colombian; 411 is quiet l'exo-,
Caraccas.. Puerto Cabello still holds out, but although
place is almost in ruins, upwards of 140 families have
been sent out of the town, and tba•shot and shells frow fil% ate
publican army reached the centre of the city. The RePLIP.-e. ,
quadron has sailed from hence for the blockade of Poet° °it,
bello ; and as the Spanish frigate is gone to the 11avatu'll.;0
is expected they will be able to prevent any vessel gem
the harbour." •

[Extract of e Litter from Vera Cruz, Jane 90.) c; 1
The Castle is still in the hands of the Royalists, and die ;;01.
of Vera Cruz in possession of the Imperialists; eachge
ful of the other. The Castle has been recruited with s°°-'
from Ilavannali, which gives new vigour to the a."'" tv
spiriti of the old Governor ; though the Castle comoOto
town, it might easily be taken. The City is very sicidY•ifrc a
Americans have died with the yellow fever. Igo to
to-morrow.

BUFFALO, JULY 10.— We have published the of6cet
vision of the American and British Commissioners, wade ~,e;
the 6th article of the treaty of Ghent, by which it will beiz,
that all the Islands in the Niagara river (except NAY). 117;e
have fallen to the United States. Drummond's Island it'
Huron, containing a British port, has also fallen to
will serve as an exchange for the Military works at Rose"
,in Lake Champlain!.

. DIABOLICAL MURDER..,)
g 4
Prom.the Boston Papers arrived this morning to 41.34 110
TRINIDAD, .7112..iE 15.-.-Yesterday morning one of th:001,
diabolical acts-of murder was perpetrated in this oti•
About seven o'clock a private of the 3d West in° V 1
ment,' named RatelliT, Arent:. to the house of a free
boss'
woman, abotrt one hundred yards from the he`e? pre'
ing ground at La: Perotize, with whom he b 0'
1
14.
viously had some difference, -and without any pro Itl3l
en her part, stabbed her twice with a sharp knife' `Bo'
wretch inflicted the wounds-the woman ran out of the
.pursued by the assailant for a short distance; when r"
ed to the house he found the daughter of the said Ives3al)',
that • initant entered it ; he assaulted" her with the 1)1e'
e
knife, and wounded her severely in the arm. After g...aS;
she succeeded' in making -her escape. A second
'"-et the
who endeavoured to prevent his attempt at murder/ whi'
first alarm. Was given, received a wound from' h'°3'
prevented her giving any further assistance. After „"ifo
committed this sanguinary outrage, the menst'
savage ferocicty, rushed into an inner room, where to("- ore
one about four, and the other sixteen months e`ll.,telf
asleep, seized both, and cut the entrails out, ilorn`:-41, clte'
_after which he seized a dog, and killed it. Armed
."r4 /111
blood-stained knife in one hand, and a pistol in die ett tO4'
infamous wretch plated himself in the middle of t-co,
ehreatening to be the death of any one who should aree,
approach tie take him ; however, one Sergeant Coa, °f 1)°
regiment, who happened to: be passing by, and hey
,1
threats, made a bold attempt, when the assassin diseb-.-iee
pistol at him, but missing his mark, thrust his
the Serjeant's arias, which did not however diect'utsg:oo;
and he finally succeeded in taking him, having,-,
him by a blow. At this time the Chief of the ik"--.e'cO'
0,
had received information of what had occurred,
mitted the murderer to gaol, and caused the infan's, 0.151,
not- quite dead, to be carried to the illilitarY ties,!eott
companied by Their mother and sister. We' learn t -
infants are since dead

.....____ ......_ t
ocictc:u.diplei
it:aisuPtc.Phhreo
a.
taa
tcitlxieiintol
tgui
so
attention
Congress gea4rieli.as stEi
speculation,,
the eda,::7l:ollll,:iisvni:ee:9,o",
'•• . ,Tho ,
!bus apprehensions, on thL part of those " tor`
ttihmencocaLiatitosnaso.;ifinCstro:ivlene,drislilne.adis.tiai:riti:ts:::,.l.so:::
f - i
15 '
kind. It would be unfair not' to adr'.''.l,i'cll'
other_ hand', that the. ~agnst assemblf --caii.s°'
about to be held, is f° foOked up to fel il'e r tile
lidation .of public tranquillity, "`ld .: .115'
maintenance of the principles of order .3o 03.1
o.i;
lice, by a great portiiin of those I°l%l°
that they discern • the most formidable %id
emanating from the revolutionary ',l)"rt c Dore
so prevalent throughout the world/ arid if
er°lo
the c° ill
gard its collected Sovereigns, not as lot -(
of political rights and public happiness' C
ter
,1
the more gracious and attractive ePrl'
aeisto°s
Conservators of the established and unortiOili
interests of their respective States, and-',,iatitiegli
of the practical institutions and habitual . to liroi
of their subjects. Without pretending vie 05
..
.0)11
penetted so far into the secret
Die to iieli,
the European Cabinets, as to be 8
tstpc 5 {or w te
jecture what are the probable sour- t tio.'
, ail ' JO
beration at - the Congress, Of 1: oat ,t;
Con
011
any of its. determinations, we 0-- 1)1' fir
f„1 tt°ert.
are amongst those who view its 85sery tit',
some degree of snspicity, and wh° 01/.) il
~ its 00
after
elevate
exertion of Sovereign lower,
have been sanctioned; and its sPirit e

re;
bir

Wit

rev
re,ci

fOrt

14t

Ye
the
fora
clo

that
1441
last
tk►m
trici

;5 c.
75 c.
70 c•
TS c.
10c
c•

71
the 11

net Dark
We

el's. a
„ding 1°
Diet hele,hB;
[though —,,
tisve !Ate,/
orn the gr
blic6Tl
EtePu s,
Pact.° ,
oatu46ll'
etasg °t°

id the Cif
gc feSi'
JO
th 5-
no
lei',4
orod'
kip *Di
to 3Je''''

af0g..41 4`;
Dade --„;
rill be
6%1 14scifir
nd
to 01;

e,
5%,
on)r
b'fll6 e
, iPar
110 0,
Of ft°
5 V 41,9
lit, ;

Li,
for the
all. 0);
tb.cri
le daogil
willc re'
id if DC!

le ell V
teat(
;s,
er 0
,aract
00,1
11,,1e15tP
ar 4
Igd (or'
re°
1 ;
t 0.5
vie' or
.c
le toeli,
for tl
aptir:lV
that
t"..gc°
'ei„ oWoocl
evatej

rendered preternaturally resolute, by the com-
bined decisions of its organs, is to be expected
With no inconsiderable portion of dread. There
84erns to he a general expecation that-amongst
the other deeply important affairs which may
"rile under the cognizance of the Congress,
the fate of the Greeks will be decided.—
The collected Cabinets of Christian Powers
Tay have a right to decide that they will
withhold all assistance from a Christian people,
struggnu!__g
for emancipation from the galling ty-
ranny of barbarians and infidels. They may have
a right to abstain from anv interference in the
contest ; but surely they will not presume to
arrogate the monstrous power of deciding that
Greece shall again submit to the yoke of
her destestable oppressors, or to resolve on
the
adoption of any measures for the accom-
Pli'hmcnt of such a purpose, either by intl.
1:111(1Iting the Greeks, or by lending active as-
istance to the Turks. Surely the Greeks will
Ae permitted to work out their own deliverance,
11 the- continued efforts of that heroic spirit,
i
which they 'have already, evinced in an unequal
warfare contest begun in desperation, hi-
t'lertn conducted with a degree of ardour and
co4'age Worthy of their illustrious ancestors, and
at eFelgth bearing the promise of a brilliant and
cvessful termination.

liaroburgh Papers to 13th of August have
arrived, one of which contains the following ar-
t::elQ' from Constantinople, under the head " Pri.
atQ
Columunication," and dated the 18th alt.:--
Constantinople, in its present state, is hardly to be re.
ti g~tsed~ when compared with what it was only a short
4
,„ ago. Every thing indicates peace, and the Porte has
(ler. taken such decisive steps to preserve it, as it now
bwiks. day before yesterday, the English Ambassador
1,,t an Official Note, informing him that the Porte (as
t,:ve eaready stated from other sources) had appointed the
ko}lr G hika, Prince of Wallachia, and Stourdza, Prince of
first " ' In snaking this choice, the Porte has, for the
iAg
; de-Parted from its custom of choosing Greeks resid-
or;tlConstantinople- to these high offices. They are natives
its;!' collatry, and the Porte is said to have expressly excused
bec:fi4 this Note for having departed from the ancient mode,
hays 43e, uuder present circumstances, it could not possibly
ittolufSeient confidence in Greeks to put such important posts
tits their Possession. The evacuation of the two Principali-
ewninues Without interruption, and will be complete be..
t(i'ary2:l4,,-0 arrival of the new Princes, who leave this city in a few
, 'bißU AUG. 13—Exchange on London, 37 1-3] 4.
40'y iO5 4 ZTERSBURGH, JULY 30.—Exchange on London,
it, lar-`5-1 Amsterdam, A data' 9 13.16 •Ha mburgh, 9i 3-16

ont
leursof Sunday contains a Royal Or-
o nallce conferring the title of Count uponM M.
of7eYronn et (Keeper of the Seals andMinistero
and de e,) de Corbiere (Minister of the Interior
Villele (Minister of Finance,) on the
g~our
11
° stri-i
--;
t 44 his Majesty's desire " to manifest, in
1
his satisfaction and good will"
ig
wards manners
them,
he Journal dc Paris of Sunday, there isi a
11f4ilat;e letter from Aix-la-Chapelle, dated t
ii ant, which has the following postscript
Dave just received a letter from our
correspondent, who informs us that the
re'ita:t`jaroent has made some important discoveries
%el:ll'''. to secret associations which exist in ea!
if; „owns of Pomerania."
Le'l3.B aI.AJST Y, SayS an Edinburgh. paper,. landed
upl':ll..i,rl a largF piece: of
.mahogany, wmeh mte „.c1 to be
Sin
4,11,u made into snuff boxes.lgte ,
sz--; ')AhIULL AUCHMUTY.— fhe remains of the
SAMUEL. AucumuTy lie in state in the
dtr of the Royal. ospital, until such time as
Y s-tt`4t'r relative to the interment Shall arrive.
iliede,4laY'the church furniture was removed to
toreri,"Ting-hall where Divine Service was p.er-
tios,) in consequence of the church beint;
We CI whilst the body remains in it. It is said,
141;14nm on what authority, that the inteir-
kt will take place at Christ Church.—(Dab zn
Post, Aug.39o- •
(re(
4t 083 'STEPHENS, it seems, is actually en,; 51.1
rurY,..l4,ane Theatre. The refusal of bei ta.-
','‘iltila(lt„°` an increased salary at Covent-Garden
t'''o,‘roreri,-tetleoccasioned this transfer of her notes.—
t° cause Mr. Young according
TQ,P°t, has quitted the latter theatre.
of tlret VAIRs ABouT LoNooN.—The Magistrates
County of Surrey have come to the d ,teois•-t
to put in force upon all occasions, most
the_
l'Nse;', the Police Act passed io the the 3d o
,t -,'t reign, so far as it regards the :airs held in
slt,
..'uritY over which their jurisdiction extends.
Ilittihstal'tto enacts, that divers fairs being. held
the
the city of London and in the vicinity ofd
41(It''f-le,troPolis by charter or prr2scription, an
(1,11 leading to scenes of riot, disturbance,
ilit4c,erY, and crime, it is become necessary to
`",e daily duration of fairs helOs within %al
Act d?' Tefeple-bar. For - purpose the
%Ilan "irects that all business at! amusemeo,
Ileflai4se at eleven o'clock every and a
cif 51. shall be visited upon any
1;l l°r
cef of a Public house, !tooth, or other
`'Lle the description who sl!an not give
foe
I',SerV4llCe to this clause. Any Net ll
tl lsuch public place slo!ll be 1
ct to
iattit!"' 1-'nalty of 5/. It k lititttstice su..) e
to state
l l
• extraordinary activity and zeal of the
asisqtrates of Surrey have caused within the
"ths particularly the most remarkable
'llyctsesst-1,1-ITct°troctrhirneire the
extensive dis..
er toerdtly afternoon, at five o'clock; a coal
INi° tile name of Stringer, in the employ of
oc"olis, Sun Wharf, Upper Thames-street,
eci(l,litil the craft in the act pf dipping water,
ti4l. a fell down .from the barge into the
and was picked up net more than ten toi-
iNtioli erwards. All attempts to restore ,srestore.were resorted ,emp to, but were found una-

THE KING.

EDINBURGH, MONDAY, AUGUST 19.
( Private Letter.)

This day the KING held a Court and Closet Levee. to receive
upon the throne some ecclesiastical addresses. His Majesty
also gave audience to several Peers and Privy-counsellors who
presented addresses. At ten minutes after two o'clock, the
King arrived at Ifolyrood-house from Dalkeith. His Majesty
was accompanied by the Duke of Dorset and Lord Graves.
His Majesty wore a Field-Marshal's uniform. His de-
meanour was firm and dignified; but he has not displayed
that flow of spirits which characterised him during his visit
to Dublin. The death of the Marquis of Londonderry seems
to have made a deep impression upon the Royal mind.—
His Majesty has uniformly spoken of his late Minister,
since the fatal act, with respect and kindnesss. The ar-
rangements at Holyrood-House this day were on the usual
scale for Court ceremonies. The Marquis of Winchester had
arrived early with several of the royal equerries, to make the
preliminary arrangements for the King's reception : he was soon
after followed by the Dukes of Montrose, Argyll, and Athol,
the Marquis of Queensberry, and the Earls of Moray,Wemyss,
Rosebery, Rosslyn, and Lords Elgin and Aboyne, who had
addresses to present. His Majesty received on the throne the
address of the Committee of the General Assembly of the
Church of Scotland, and of the Universities. The King re-
ceived the address of the Scotch Episcopal Church and the
others in the closet. Mr. Francis Jeffery first arrived with an
address. He came as Lord Rector of the University of Glas-
gow, and attendedhy several of the Professors. Bishop Cleig,
accompanied by the Committee of the Bishops and Clergy of
the Episcopal Church, next arrived. Then came the Mode-
rator, Clergy, and Elders of the Church of Scotland. The
Earl of Fife, with addresses from the town and county of
Bauff, and the borough of Inverary ; and the Hon. Gen. Duff
with the address from the town of Elgin.—The following Mem-
bers of the Mar•ischal College and University of Aberdeen pre-
sented their address.:—Charles Forbes, Esq., M.P. ; Lord
Rector; Hugh Lumsden,Esq.,Advocate Dean of Faculty; Wm.
Lawrence Brown, D.D., Dean of his Majesty's Chapel Royal,
and of the Order of the Thistle, Principal; the Lord Provost of
Aberdeen, Assessor to the Lord Rector; the Rev. Dr. George
Forbes, Minister of Strathdon, Assessor to the Lord Rector ;
Robert Hamilton, LL.D., Professor of Mathematics; James
Kidd, D.D., Professor of Oriental Languages ; George Glen-
nie, D D., Professor of Moral Philosophy and Logic ; James
Davidson, M.D., Professor of Natural and Civil History;
John Cruickshank, A.M., Junior Professor of Mathematics.—
The Presidents of .the several Courts of Session also attended.
The Earl of Rosslyn presented a Deputation from the High-
land Society. Lord Melville presented the Address from the
University of St. Andrew. They were all most graciously re-
ceived, had the honour of kissing hands, and were returned
suitable and flattering answers by his Majesty, upon the pre-
sentation of their several Addresses. Sir John Sinclair pre-
sented a copy of his statistical works in splendid binding. To-
morrow the Royal• Drawing-room will take place ; on Wed-
nesday the procession to the Castle ; Thursday the civic ban-
quet ; Friday the Peers' ball. On Sunday the King will attend
divine service at the church of St. Giles ; then a review ; and
the ball of the Caledonian Hunt will close, it is said, the Royal
ceremonies. •

THE KING'S LEVEE.
[From •the Edinburgh Courant of Monday last.l
On Saturday his Majesty held his first Levee at the Palace
of Holyrood, and it was most numerously attended, upwards
of I,2oo•Noblemen and Gentlemen being present. The num-
ber of carriages was about 500, and at one time the line extend-
ed from the Palace to Frederick-street, by the new Calton-hill
road and Regent-bridge. At eleven o'clock, detachments from
the 13th, 66th, and 77th regiments marched from the Castle
to the Palace-yard, where the band and the grenadier company
of the I3th were stationed ; the rest of the troops proceeded
to Salisbury Crags, where they remained during the Levee.
—The company began to set down at twelve, and' continued
to do so till two; and, notwithstanding the great number
of carriages, very little confusion took place. A few minutes
before two, his Majesty arrived from Dalkeith, in a carriage
and four, escorted by a party of Scots Greys. He entered
by the private door on the south side of the Palace. His
Majesty was dressed in full Highland costume, of royal Stuart
tartan (the same, we believe, which was made for him by Mr.
Hunter), and looked uncommonly well; he appeared in excel-
lent health and spirits. A great many naval and military officers
were present, and several Noblemen 'and Gentlemen wore the
Highland garb, among whom we observed the Dukes of Hamil-
ton and Argyle, the Harl of Breadalbane, and Lord Glenorchy.
The Earl of Fife also wore a Highland dress, which was much
admired. The Marquis of Queensberry was in a Lord Lieu-
tenant's unforrn ; the Earl of Minto in that of the Roxburgh
Militia ; Sir Wm. Elliot in the Roxburgh yeomanry uniform ;
taal General Duff, in a General's dress.
[Then follows a list of Noblemen and Gentlemen who had
the honour of being presented to his Majesty, for the insertion
of which we have not space.)
After the Levee his Majesty held'a Privy-Council, which was
attended by—the Duke of Montrose, the Duke of Atholl, the
Duke of Dorset, the Marquis of Conyngham, Marquis of Win-
chester, Earl of Lauderdale, Earl of Elgin, Earl Cathcart, Lord
Viscount Melville, Lord G. T. Beresford, Lord Gwydir. Right
Hon. Win. Dundas, Sir John Sinclair, Bart. Right. honour-
able Robert Peel, Secretary for the Home Departrnent ; Right
Hon. William Adam, Lord Chief Commissioner; Sir Samuel
Sheppard, Lord Chief Baron ; Right Hon. David Boyle, Lord
Justice-Clerk, &C. The Council broke up at four o'clock,
after which his Majesty-set off in his carriage for Dalkeith, ac-.
companied by the Duke of Dorset and the Marquis of Conyng-
ham. At his Majesty's arrival and departure, and along the
road through the Park, he was cheered by the• multitude of
people assembled, and politely and repeatedly bowed in return
for the expressions of attachment which he received.

[From the Caledonian Mercury of Monday.]
' We understand the procession to the Castle is to take place
on Thursday first, and in miler to give time for the removal of
caffo]ding, the city banquet is put off till Saturday. The Peers'
ball takes place on Friday, and that of the Caledonian Hunt on
the Monday following..--:We omitted to state that the Suther-
larld Highlanders were, on the day of his-Majesty's entry, sta.
tion ed at the Palace of 11 olyrood ,- as his Majesty 'S ighlandG uard.
They were commanded by Lord Francis Leveson Gower, accom-
panied by his Esquires, Major Mackay, as representing Lord
Keay, Duncan Mathieson, Esq. Advocate, the Chief of that
name holding under the Sutherland family, and William Mac-
kenzie, Esq. Messrs. Skene; Gordon, and Buchanan, walked
as the Pages. The men were under the immediate command
of the Chief of the Clan Gunn, another
.of the Clans holding
under Ban Mhoir pear Chatailh, and her ancestors.

.". .•,' +pi .4%.
eP'" .- i,??,..(1-• ,'ff,r.„(,ii ,), ,e, 4 ) -,-,C-
.
, se
4
~,,,,,,,
-.V
ti
A jib '7l } f i rt
