CHURCH LIVINGS.

Mr. WELLESLEY moved for a return of the total
number of livings, whether Rectories, Vicarages, or Per-
petual Curacies, in the gift of the Crown, stating the
amount of each living at the present moment, and the
amount at which it is rated in the King's Book, and spe-
cifying whether the incumbent is resident or non-resident,
and whether there is any house appropriated to the use of
the holder of the living. The Hon. Gentleman had said
he made this motion with no views of hostility to the
Church, but, en the contrary, with a desire to promote her
interests, which he conceived would be promoted by taking
measures to procure the residence of every clergyman on
the benefice to which he is attached. _

Mr. LEADER expressed a wish that the -motion ex-
tended to Ireland, where the interests of the Church were
much in want of such support.

Mr. WELLESLEY t;:irl he was anxious to render his
inquiry so limited as to be enabled to effect something by
way of example, and he understood .at the same time that
the livings under the patronage of the Crown were not
very numerous livings in Ireland. .
Mr. FILER suggested the propriety of not confining
the motion to the livings in the gift of the Crown. ' He
thought it should extend to all livings in England.
Mr. 'WELLESLEY was not disposed at the present
time se adopt any count) which would have the effect of
exciting prejudices against the Hierarchy. It was for that
reason he had limited his return to the livings in the gift
of the CroeA, and he repeated his wish to make it limited
so. that he might hope to effect some good from the infor-
mation which he would receive.
SLAVERY.

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, having presented
several petitions from Paisley and other places, praying the
Abolition of Slavery, gave notice on the part of the Mem-
ber fur Weymouth (Mr. Buxton), of that gentleman's in-
tention to bring the subject of slavery under the con-
sideration of the How on the 15th of February next.
The House then adjourned until to-morrow, at a
Quarter to Niue.

RYE.

The following is an exact list of the Committee ap-
pointed to determine on the petition of appeal presented
against the right of voting for the town of Rye, as re-
ported to the House of Commons in Alay last :
WiLt.taat TnomrsoN, El. Chairman.
The Hon. J. H. Craddock, Abel Smith, Esq.
James Johnston, Esq._ Richard Jenkins, Esq.
Gustavus Itochfort, Esq. Hon. W. Gordon,
T. A.' Xemis, Esq. Marcus Beresfurd, Esq.
W. H. Miller, Esq. Earl of Ossory.
And the following is a list of the Members which
formed the Committee in May
The Right Hon. Lord PALMICRITON. Chairman.
Thomas P. Williams, F.sq. Lewis William Buck, Esq.
Right lion. J. W. Horton, Bethel Walrond, Esq.
Sir T. D. Acland, Bart, Robert Downie, Esq.
Charles Mackinnon Esq. The Hon. Henry King,
T. G. Bramston, Fsq. Thomas Bilelit% Tyler, Esq.
