Mr. W. C. WILSON, Esq., proposed Lord Lowther.

E. W. HASELL, Esq., of Daletnain, seconded the no-
mination.

Colonel LOWTHER then addressed the electors. Since
he last met them, they had got the Reform Bill—what
benefit had they got from it ? Were they better clothed,
better fed, or had they more money in their pockets in
consequence of this glorious measure ? He saw them
just the sime, and dared to say they were in the same
condition. Ministers protuised great things, and what
bad they done ? As his family was accused of mono-
polizing the representation of the county, he would say
that his brother• would not have been put forward, if any
resident gentleman had been a candidate. Had Mr.
Wilson, of Dallam Tower, come forward, there would
have been no contest. He had no objection to Mr. Bar-
ham, whom he had known many years, but no resi
dent gentleman had been brought forward, and this
brought on the contest. (Colonel L. made a very odd
rambling speech, difficult to follow, and quite unconnected
—in fact, halt the time he was answering remarks made
)—Speaking oh Lord Goderich, he called
bhylinthGe
::;°l;v(tiwo-Shoes. Col. Lowther then read a letter
which be bad received that morning, signed by Isaac
Wilson and David Jones. The object of the letter was
to ascertain if the colonel would support such measures as
Govrrnment might bring forward to effect the immediate
abolition of slavery, when the colonel exclaimed, " When
have 1 not done so," and proceeded to make further re-
matl.s on the subject, of a general nature.
Mr. BAKIIAM had no hostile feeling against Lord Low-
ther or his family—to the Gallant Colonel, now present,
he would go further and say, that he should be sorry if
this contest, or any subsequent one, should sever their
acquaintance, now of some years' standing ; but he for one,
would never consent that this county should be repre-
sented by one family.—(Loud cheers). He thought it un-
constitutional and contrary to the Reform Bill, now be-
come the law of the land. He also thought that one party
should not domineer over the other in the county.—(Cheers)
The Reform in the House of Commons had been effected.
Next come come the Church and other salutary reforms.
He pretended not to know exactly what were the views
of his Majesty's Ministers, but he hoped their Church
Reform would be as efficient as the Bill lately passed.—
(Cheers.) He hoped it would abolish pluralities and en-
force residence—he hoped it would equalize Church livings
—that we should no longer hear of poor hardworking
curates with incomes not much larger than day -labourers
—nor of the purse proud pluralists without any duty to

perform. He hoped Dissenters would be eased of the in-
tolerable hardship of paying duties and rates to aCburch of
which they did not approve. As to tithes, we must have,
and that immediately, a commutation satisfactory to
the people of this country. Tithes in kind should
be abolished, and a moderate rent charge laid on
the land according to its quality and circumstances. Ne-
gro slavery was a question interesting to every one, and he
expressed his fervent hope that a speedy, safe, and satis
factoo emancipation Might t ,ke place. In 1806 the
Whigs abolished the slave trade ; in 1833 he had no doubt
the grand work of slave emancipation would be laid. He
would now speak of the corn laws. Now what the Whigs
say is this—" Let us have a fixed duty on corn instead of
a variable one." This will benefit the consumer and the
farmer, and will hurt no one but the gambling speculator.
He meant this not in any offensive light, but the trade
in corn must of necessity be a gambling speculation from
its uncertainty.
Throughout the delivery of all the speechesiup to this
stage of the proceeding, the best order prevailed ; but no
sooner did the Rev. Mr. Adamthwaite present himself to
the assembled multitude, than he was assailed with a
burst of groans, hootings, and hisses, unprecedented at
all former elections here, except upon his making a similar
attetnpt in 1826. One and all, it would seem, had deter-
mines not to hear him—his bellowing and frantic gesti-
culation were all in vain, and, yielding to the entreaties of
his friends near him, he retired. All was instantly peace
and good order, and the Sheriff proceeded to call for a
show of hands, when not fewer than ten to one having
been held up in favour of Mr. Barham, the Sheriff de-
clared the choice to have fallen upon that gentleman and
Colonel Lowther. Mr. Hassell, on behalf of Lord Low-
ther, demanded a !poll, and the Court was therefore ad-
journed until nine o'clock on Tuesday morning.
