IRELAND.

DUBLIN, Auo. 15.
THE ELECTIONS.—To the splendid victories obtained
by the Liberals over the odious Hanoverian faction, we
have to-day the satisfaction of adding THREE more coun-
ties—Queen's, Wexford, and Roscommon—all of which
have returned good men and true. For Queen's County
Mr. Fitzpatrick has been returned, beating Mr. Vesey by
49 votes. Sir C. Coote polled 1,224, Mr. Fitzpatrick
943, and poor Mr. Vesey only 894. The contest was close
and trying. The Dublin Evening Post says—" The un-
fortunate electioneering engagements of Sir Charles Coote
paralysed, to a great extent, the inclinations of his Catholic
tenantry, and, we will venture to affirm, of his own politi-
cal predilections. His position, indeed, and the conduct
growing out of, if not governed by, a bye-gone compact,
has placed him, for a time, in a very tovlZward and embar-
rassing situation with regard to the Liberals of the County,
and we confess that we are by no means ,satisfied with his
proceedings."
In Wexford there was no contest, and Messrs. Maher
and Power were accordingly declared duly elec,'-ed. The
Dublin Evening Post says—" It is now forty yeat-s nearly
since the Rebellion, when a Roman Catholic could scercely
show himself in the county. Two Roman Catholics, ha-ws
ever, are now the Members, without a contest. The Earl
of Mountmorris is gone—his estates dilapidated—the Mar-
quis of Ely has lost his power, if not much of his pos-
sessions—the Earl of Courtown, of whose power and in-
fluence we used to hear so much, has been beaten down.
The Delzoes of the county are crushed. A change has
come over the spirit of the Wexford Orangemen's dream."
For Roscommon we have the O'Connor Dols and Mr.
French. Of the former gentleman it was said by Mr.
Grace, who proposed him, " He has served you for three
Parliaments, untired and unceasing in his attentions—
fixed in his principles—faithful to his country—in its true
sense, a friend of civil and religious liberty—an assiduous
promoter of liberty and reform in Church and State." Mr.
Kelly, in proposing his friend Mr. French, said—" When
last I had this honour, we were on the eve of a severe
contest, and the prospect and promise of a petition—the
arrangements for the petition were perfected, and Counsel
of the first eminence in London were retained to conduct
it. Why are we not now met in a similar spirit ? Because
the virtue and patriotism of the people of this county were
indomitable and unpurchasable. Yes, it is to the people
we owe this tranquillity, and not to the retiring disposi-
tion of their opponents. The people fought a good battle.
They gave the death-blow to Conservatism, and I hope it
may never, never rise again. When last here, I told you
what Mr. French would do—l promised for him ; I will
not do so now. But I will ask, Did he ever give a bad
vote ?—(" No, never," and cheers.) I defy his greatest
enemy to say he did. He evinced great attention, perse-
verance, and aptitude for business. He has been most
useful heretofore ; for the future I will not speak ; but look
to his address. He has there pledged his support to the
present Government. He will do everything possible to
promote the good of the people, and to realise all that
is expected from him."
In the county of Cork, Reform is triumphant. The
majority for Barry and Roche, at five o'clock on Monday,
was 200 ; and the majority would have been larger, but
for the delay occasioned by the Tories' agents in putting
the qualification oath to the Catholic electors. This county
election and that of Sligo are the only ones not yet de-
cided. But of the result not the slightest doubt can be
entertained. Reform will triumph here as elsewhere.
TRALEE BOROUGH ELECTION PETITION.—A public
meeting took place on Wednesday last, at the Chamber of
Commerce, Captain Leyne in the Chair, for the purpose of
entering into a subscription to defray the expenses of a peti-
tion to Parliament against the return of Mr. John Bate-
man, the franking. M.P. for this borough.
Capt. LEYNE having briefly explained the object of the
meeting,
Mr.O'Costszeaa said that he felt it his duty, in the first
place, to express his gratitude to the constituency of the
borough of Tralee, for the firm support which they had
given to his son during the late struggle for constitutional
rights.—(Cheers.) They had returned their late Member
triumphantly by a majority of 23.—(Loud cheering.) For
forty years he had been advocating the cause of the Catho-
lics in Ireland, and he had been amply and richly rewarded
by the people of Ireland for the services he had rendered
to his country.—(Loud cheering.) With regard to the
conduct of the Assessor, he promised the electors of Tralee
that they should have a full and searching investigation into
it before a Committee of the House.—(Loud cheers.)
There was only one way by which it could be remedied
now ; and he pledged himself, in the presence of their
highly respectable clergyman (the Rev. Eugene O'Sullivan),
who knew the constituency, their fathers and sons, that
he would vindicate their rights, and see them fully justified.
—(Loud cheers.) The necessary expense would amount
to about 1,0001. or 1,2001. He would cheerfully pay the
expenses himself ; but as he saw they were determined to
get up a fund for the purpose, he would subscribe 200/. for
himself and Mr. Maurice O'Connell.—(Loud cheers.) The
decision of the worthy Assessor, he was sure, would he
voted both frivolous and vexatious even by a Tory Com-
mittee.
After some pertinent and public-spirited remarks from
Messrs. Scott, M. O'Connell, J. O'Connell, and Pierce Ma-
honey, who all subscribed sums varying from 100/. to 20/.
each, several other gentlemen came forward and subscribed
most liberally. ACammittee was then appointed. Up-
wards of 1,0001. have been already subscribed.
SERGEANT BALL, M.P.—Mr. Sergeant Ball, M. P.,
was entertained at dinner last week by his constituents at
the Ormond Hotel, Clonmel.
FIGHTING.—The following letter appears in the London-
derry ,Journal It has been reported by enemies that,
during the late election, I challenged the Right Hon. G. R.
Dawson to fight me. I beg leave to declare that I did not
so far forget or demean myself. The fact is, I was twice
struck on the face, without any provocaSion, by Mr. Daw-
son ; and, in the beat of the moment, I was so foolish as to
retaliate. Mr. Dawson then challenged me to go into a
room and fight it out with him, which I accepted ; but the
Rev. Mr. O'Kane and Mr. 'Mellen happening to interfere,
nothing came of the challenge.
" I am, Sir, your most obedient servant,
" EDWARD TOY."

LAIRD'S NARRATIVE OF THE LAST EXPE-
DITION UP THE NIGER.—This narrative will be perused
with earnest attention by those who take an interest in
African discovery—a class of renders from which few are
excluded. During the expedition tznell information was
obtained of the utmost value to futur; speculators in the
merchandise of Africa ; while as regards I;eographical dis-
covery, and individual adventure, the present volumes are
most important and interesting. The voyage was under-
taken in two steam-vessels, the Quorrn and Alburicali ; and
out of fifty persons who embarked on the perilous duty of
exploring the wild and burning regions of central Africa,
only nine have survived to tell the strange tale of what they
had witnessed, and what they had suffered. Our know-
ledge of the mysterious interior of the vast and savage
African continent, and of the manners, customs, and forms
of government of the uncivilized nations that inhabit it, has
been greatly increased by the present work, which is an in-
valuable addition to the information already accumulated
as to the wonderful regions in the interior of Africa. The
volumes arc embellished with a map and some excellent
plates, engraved from designs made on the spot.—Naval
and Military Gazette.

MURDER BY AN IDIOT.—A painful sensation
has been excited at Leeds by the murder of a little boy,
about three years and a half old, son of Mr. Webster, a
pocket-book maker, of St. Alban's-street, Wade-lane. In
the immediate vicinity of this street is an open piece of
ground where children are in the habit of meeting to play.
About half-past six on Monday evening the deceased child
went there to play, and about eight he was found with his
throat cut in a dreadful manner. The poor child lingered
until the following afternoon, and then expired. It was
some time before any clue could be obtained likely to lead
to the discovery of the murderer, but by the exertions of
the police information was at length gained which led to
the apprehension of Joseph Jeffgate, a youth of nineteen
years of age, an idiot, who, it appears, was frequently teased
by the children, and had been heard to declare that he
would murder all the little boys he met with. On Wed-
nesday an inquest was held on the body of the deceased.
Joseph Jeffgate, the prisoner, was in the room during the
whole of the examination. He had that peculiar expres-
sion of countenance characteristic of insanity. Elizabeth
Marston, .who lived as servant with Mr. Webster, stated
that the last. time she saw the deceased alive was at about
half-past six on Monday evening, when he said he was
going out to play with some boys, which he was in the
habit of
.doing without any body going out with him. A
little before eight her master sent her out to look for him.
On inquiring of a woman if she had seen a little boy, she
uttered a shriek, and said there was a child killed. Witness
ran to the spot and found it was the little boy she was in
search of. Mr. 'Peale, surgeon, deposed that he saw the
child about ten on Monday night, other surgical aid having
been previously obtained. He found a large transverse
wound four or five inches in length, and varying in depth ;
the windpipe had been divided, and a great discharge of
blood had taken place. The wound was the cause of
death. A table-knife found in the coat pocket of the pri-
soner was produced ; a part of the blade had been broken
off, the remainder was about three inches long, and had
marks of blood upon it. Mr. Teale said it was an instru-
ment very likely to have inflicted the
”wound. The Jury
returned .a
verdict of " Wilful Murder against the priso-
ner, who has since been committed to York Castle. While
confined in the Courthouse he attempted self-destruction
by hanging himself, but was cut down in time to save his
life.

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

Lord Worsley has rendered a most essential service
to the cause of Reform by publishing, in the Stam-
ford Mercury of August 11, an address to the elec-
tors of the parts of Lindsey, with a letter subjoined
from Mr. Tuck, of Cape Nursery, Eaton-square. On
good authority his Lordship had stated on the hustings
at Lincoln, on the 28th of July, that Mr. Christopher,
candidate for South Lincolnshire, had withdrawn his
custom from a gardener and seedsman in London for
having refused to vote for Sir Francis Burdett. This
was, it seems, denied by Mr. Christopher on the hus-
tings, though, from the low tone of voice of Mr. Chris-
topher, Lord Worsley did not hear any part of his
speech, and only learnt that such a contradiction had
been made, from the Lincoln Gazette. The following
is the shape in which it appears in the Lincoln Ga-
zette :—" Before I fully enter into any explanation of
my political principles, I shall take the liberty of tell-
ing the Noble Lord I cannot be responsible, either for
what he has heard respecting Mr. Barry, or what he
states a Westminster tradesman has heard from my
servants. I totally and distinctly deny the charge he
has brought against me." Lord Worsley having writ-
ten to the tradesman, received the following answer, to
which too much publicity cannot be given :

" TO THE RIGHT HON. LORD WORSLEY.

" Cape Nursery, Eaton-square, Aug. 1, 1837.

" My Lord—ln consequence of the request of your let.
ter, I beg to lay before you a brief but correct statement
of the undermentioned gentlemen's behaviour to me re-
specting my voting for Mr. Leader, during the contest be-
tween that gentleman and Sir Francis Burdett, for West-
minster. The first gentleman who called on me to solicit
my vote for Sir Francis was Mr. Terry, of 80, Eaton-
square ; I told him I had promised it to °Mr. Leader ; he
said if I voted for such a man as Mr. Leader I should have
my house pulled about my ears in a short time ; he went
home and gave directions to his servants to have nothing
further of Tuck, as he was a Radical. My books will
prove that no goods have been supplied to him after the
date of May 6, 1837. The next gentleman who called
upon me was Mr. H. B. Baring, of 13, Eaton-place ; he
called two days previous to the election to solicit in favour
of Sir F. Burdett. I told him, having promised my vote
to the friends of Mr. Leader, I could not oblige him.
He became greatly enraged, and said,' as an old customer
he was entitled to and demanded my vote for Sir Francis
Burdett, and that if I did not vote for him he would
go instantly to Sir G. Murray and my best customers,
and inform them I was a Radical,' intimating he would in-
jure me in my business to the greatest extent, which be did,
by writing, and personal attendance on several of my old
customers, who in consequence left dealing with me. He
further told me that none but blackguards and persons in
Tothill-fields, and the other low parts of Westminster,
voted for Mr. Leader. There were witnesses in my shop
that can bear testimony to the perfect truth of the whole
of this. He instantly left dealing with me ; also a gentle-
man of the name of Christopher, of 97, Eaton-square, next
withdrew his custom from me. I wrote to Lady Mary
Christopher, his wife, to ascertain the cause, but received
no reply ; I learned from his domestics my voting for Mr.
Leader was the cause. Lady Shelly, 35, Belgrave-square,
wrote at the bottom of my bill I was to be discharged ;
from the servants I found the reason was my supporting
the Liberal candidate. Sir Charles Bagot, 82, Eaton-
square, on the very day of election sent for his bill
and with it a receipt, stating—' If I was at liberty
to support Mr. Leader, he was also at liberty to
trade with whom ha thought proper.' Mr. Lyon, 39, Bel-
grave-square, next withdrew his favours ; my servant cal-
led for a reason, when it was stated Mr. Lyon had been to
Mr. Baring's, and coming home, directly gave orders to
discontinue trading with Tuck. Sir H. Peyton, No. 19,
Grosvenor-place, I have good grounds of knowing, left me
on account of my supporting the Liberal candidate ; and
several other persons which it is not important to name left
solely on account of my voting for Mr. Leader, which as
far as I can calculate makes a difference in amount of goods
sold between twenty and thirty pounds per week in the
London season. My Lord, these are the facts, without
the least tint or colouring from myself ; as such I shall
leave them in your Lordship's hands, to dispose of them
agreeably to vour discretion. Being sorry for their occur-
rence, not only as regards my own private interest, but for
the characters of those gentlemen with whom they may
concern,—l am, my Lord, your truly obedient servant,
" T. H. TUCK.

" To the Right Hon. Lord Worsley."
What an amount of oppression the elective franchise
has entailed on a single tradesman ! How great, then,
must ',lave been the amount of oppression inflicted on
the whole of the Liberal tradesmen of Westminster !
Lord Worsiev observes, " I know of no method of put-
ting a stop to the system of intimidation now adopted
so generally, except that of every man, when such a
case comes to his knowledge, exposing the parties con-
cerned, in order, if possible, by the expression of public
opinion, to check the practice in future." The publi-
cation of every case will no doubt do good ; hut how
few are the individuals who can be expected to possess
the courage requisite to come before the public. Most
tradesmen in such a case would say, " Better put up
with the loss already sustained, than run the risk of
sustaining more by provoking more enmity." There
is, in truth, no remedy for the evil but the Ballot. A
Westminster tradesman assured us that every time he
voted for Sir Francis Burdett, when the Man. Baronet
was a Radical, and something more, subjected him
to a loss of custom equivalent to 2,000/. A rich
man can afford in such cases not only to keep
a conscience (which Dr. Paley could not), hut
to act on its suggestions. But can we blame poor
men for thinking more of the consequences to their
families than of their duty to the public ? It cannot
be expected that tradesmen in general will have the
fortitude to imitate Mr. Tuck ; hut if the ballot be not
granted, we have no doubt that the different Reform
tradesmen will adopt some such means as are now re-
sorted to by them to protect themselves against
swindlers, and that the names of all individual:who,
like Mr. H. B. Baring, of 13, Eaton-place ; Mr.
Terry, of 80, Eaton-square ; Mr. Christopher, of
97, Eaton-square ; Sir C. Bagot, 82, Eaton-square ;
Mr. Lyon, 39, Belgrave-square ; Sir H. Peyton, 19,
Grosvenor-square, seek to punish tradesmen for the
exercise of the franchise, will be circulated in some
way or other, the consequences of which may be more
serious than they are aware of. The English, so far
from being a vindictive people, are a great deal too
submissive ; but still there are limits to their endu-
rance. In many of the towns of Scotland it is under-
stood that the electors have put an end to canvassing ;
and, if we are not misinformed, the tradesmen have
fallen on means for punishing insolent aristccrats who
so far forget themselves as to threaten tradesmen with
the loss of custom if they do not vote against their
conscience. We put it calmly to Tory gentlemen,
whether it is good policy to pursue a course which
must excite vindictive feelings in the sufferers, and may
ultimately drive tradesmen to retaliate in various ways
that can be conceived without any great stretch of
imagination.—Morning Chronicle.
The Palmerston journal of last night contains the
following paragraph :—" We are told by the Times
that the Ministers" tenure of office is backed by the
priesthood and Papistry of Ireland.' Well, if it be
ao, it can hardly be a matter of discredit to any Go-
vernment that they have gained the united support of
7,000,000 of her Majesty's subjects. It would be no
small matter of congratulation to Sir R. Peel, couldy
he find his tenure of office backed by similar allies."
Verily Cupid is becoming a very ancient and doting
Cvaddler. We never said that the Ministers were sup-
ported by 7,000,000 of her Majesty's subjects. De-
ducting the respectable portion of the Catholics in
England and Ireland, we do not believe that the bog-
trotting serfs, men, women, and children, who obey
the orders of O'Connell and his Papist priests, amount
to 5,000,000. This phalanx, however compact,
and however zealous, is, we suspect, no match
for the seventeen millions of the inhabitants
of Great Britain, who have expressed in the
plainest and most unequivocal manner that they are
friends to the cause of Conservatism. Taking the
whole of Great Britain, there is a decided majority of
seventeen Conservative Members returned to Parlia-
ment, in spite of the most strenuous efforts and the
most lavish expenditure of the Government party. 'We
are thoroughly convinced, that had the Conservative
Members taken a more active part against that odious
Poor-law, which now almost all of them admit to be a
measure demanding alteration, the majority would
have been more than doubled. If, however, the great
advantages under which Lord Melbourne made his re-
cent appeal to the country are considered, a majority,
of seventeeen is a brilliant triumph. When Sir Ro-
bert Peel dissolved the Parliament of 1834, there
were various circumstances which made success almost
impossible. The sudden dismissal of the Melbourne

Ministry in November, 1834, though perfectly
justifiable in the opinion of those who were ac-
quainted with the real state of the case, was
never entirely understood by the nation at large.
Hence considerable apprehension and distrust were
easily propagated in the public mind by the friends
and agents of the dismissed Ministers. The new
Cabinet had not had a sufficient tenure of their
places to acquire that influence which Government pa-
tronage must almost necessarily insure to all actual
possessors of office. No wonder, then, that the Peel
Cabinet did not obtain a majority in the elections of
34-35. How different the position of Lord Mel-
bourne at the time of the present election. He has
been in office two years and a half ; he has had the
distribution of more patronage, military, naval, epis-
copal, judicial, than perhaps ever before fell to the
lot of a Minister during a career of a dozen years ; he
has had commissionerships of all kinds at his com-
mand, enough to corrupt or tempt almost all the pro-
fessional men in the kingdom : he has, himself and by
his colleagues and instruments, impudently and falsely
pretended that the Queen is friendly to his Cabinet and
policy, though he knows that her Majesty's retention
of him was-a mere matter of form and convenience ;
yet with all these appliances and means of success, he
has been thoroughly and disgracefully beaten. The
English counties have stamped him with indelible im-
press of rejection ; he may boast of his Irish allies ; he
he may parade his O'Connells and Sheils and
Vigorses before the insulted and indignant eyes of the
people of England, but England has already by anti-
cipation prepared the downfall of the whole band. A
majority of 114 to 45, that is, of sixty-nine Members
out of the 159 Representatives of English counties,
will not suffer themselves and their powerful consti-
tuencies to be put down and nullified by a handful of
Irishmen, who have sworn hatred to their persons and
destruction to their institutions. We laugh, therefore,
at the threats of the delegates of Papist priests and
Radical disturbers. England and her Queen are
combined to support the Conservative cause, which is
another name for the cause of property, law, liberty,
Church, and Monarchy, and the efforts of even the
7,000,000 (and we will take their own numeration),
though excited by the howlings of O'Connell and the
shrieks of Sheil, caa no more overthrow the sacred ark
of the Constitution, than (to use the awful language
of the Scriptures) the Gates of Hell can prevail
against the Rock of Truth.—Times.

Ever active in evil or in organizing the means of its
perpetration, the Tories have no sooner ceased from the
infamous exertions by means of which they have to a
great extent defrauded the constituent body of the
kingdom of its due representation, than they are pre-
paring for another onslaught against the rights of the
people. From the corruptions of the polling-booths
they turn to ply the work of fraud in the registration
courts. Already have they committees formed to su-
perintend the registries, that is, to provide that every
person qualified for the franchise, and whose vote can
be held subject to the dictation of the faction, shall have
his name duly inserted on the registration-books--that
persons not qualified, but similarly subservient to si-
nister control, shall either have qualifications manu-
factured for them, or become possessed of the franchise
by other fraudulent means—and that every independent
and liberal elector shall be harassed by all manner of
frivolous and vexatious objections in complying with
the legal form by which he receives the electoral qua-
lification. This is what the Tories understand by
superintending the registries, and Committees are re-
gularly constituted for the sole purpose of carrying
into effect this outrageous attempt to corrupt and de-
grade the constituencies, by the infusion of spurious
voters—to rob the genuine elector of his franchise—
to overcome the honest by the dishonest--the inde-
pendent by the servile—and prepare the way for an
easy victory over the liberal and patriotic spirits of the
country, whenever a general election may afford the
opportunity. With such machinations at work, need
we impress upon the Reformers the necessity of the ut-
most vigilance and activity to defeat so atrocious a con-
spiracy against popular representation ? A little quiet
attention to the fegistries may do more service, and be
found more advanta:;cous in the hour of need, than the
utmost exertion or bluster in the heat of election.
Therefore, Reformers, look well to the registries. Sec
that none entitled to the franchise be omitted from the
lists, and that the Tories be not allowed to foist into
the constituencies those who have no qualification but
their aptitude for, Tory purposes. Another election
may not be so far distant as is generally contemplated ;
but whether remote or proximate, it is the first duty of
every person qualified for the franchise to hold him-
self in constant readiness and preparation for its exer-
cise. In its own bosom the country has a watchful
and wily enemy ever meditating schemes against its
liberties, and ever prepared to take advantage of any
neglect or omission on the side of the Liberals. In
the presence of such a foe, the elector who remains a
day unregistered is guilty of as great a breach of duty
as the soldier who would sleep on his post in the
neighbourhood of a hostile camp. The franchise is
the peaceful weapon by which to overcome the do-
mestic enemy—it is our shield and spear—a protec-
tion to all the good which we possess—au instrument
of assault on all the evil which oppresses us—to go
without it in such a time as this, is to leave our bosom
naked to the knife of the assassin. In this he your
trust, then, Reformers, " Register, Register, Register."
To neglect the franchise or leave it unavailable, is to
betray yourselves, your children, and your country.—
Morning Advertiser.

A deputation lately arrived in Paris from the United
States to be initiated in the process of manufacturing beet-
root sugar. Should the soil of America be found suitable
for the plant, a blow will be dealt at slavery in the south
which will haste❑ on the total abolition of the system.

On Thursday morning last, a boy, about eleven
years of age, named James Cadie, the son of a widow re-
siding at No. 3, New Church-court, Strand, abstracted
from his mother's pocket-book (which she had placed under
her pillow on the previous night) eight sovereigns and one
shilling, with which he decamped. Information was given
at the police-stations, but he eluded pursuit until Sunday,
when he was met by a constable of the R division at
Greenwich, riding on a donkey, with a basket containing
bread slung on one side of the animal and a stone-bottle on
the other side. The constable conveyed him and his ass
to his disconsolate mother. It appeared that the little
urchin had spent the first two nights of his absence in rid-
ing about town in a cab, for which he paid 203. each night,
and that he had purchased the donkey for 235., and had
also bought a violin and a music-book. He had only a few
halfpence left when met by the policeman, having squan-
dered the remainder away. It is the intention of the pa-
rent to send the young delinquent to sea.

On Wednesday -evening an inquest was held at the
Town-hall, Windsor, before Mr. Marlin, coroner for the
borough, on view of the body of Elizabeth Smith, a young
woman`only 17 years of age, servant to Mr. Robert Eeles,
one of her Majesty's footmen, residing in the New-road.
The jury having been to view the body, which lay on the
floor of her master's kitchen, returned to the Town-hall,
and evidence to the following effect was adduced :—lt ap-
peared from the statements of Mrs. Eeles (the deceased's
mistress), Sophia Smith (the deceased's sister), and of other
persons, that the deceased had been in the service of Mr.
Eeles about two months, and bore the character of a cheerful
and excellent servant. She was of a very lively disposition,
but was frequently afflicted with pains in the head, for which
at one time she had her hair cut off and her head blistered.
On Sunday last she went to church with her sister, but
during the service her head became so bad that her sis-
ter took her out, and they went together to the New Ter-
race. There she spoke as a person evidently affected
in her faculties, for when near the water, in the centre
of which is the jet d'eau, she inquired of her sister if it were
deep enough to drown her. Her sister took her away, and
they soon after rested on the
wall of terrace, when the de-
ceased there asked whether it would kill her if she fell off
it. The deceased returned home in the evening, and on
Monday did her work as usual. On Tuesday night she
slept with her mistress (whose husband was in town
on duty
at the Queen's Palace), and shortly after five o'clock in the
morning arose to go about the household work. A little
after seven o'clock Mrs. Eeles came down stairs, and, find-
ing that no work had been done, she looked about for the
deceased, but could not find her. On going to the wash-
house door she found it fastened on the inside, and called
to some workmen near the house, when they came and
broke the door open, and the unfortunate young woman was
discovered suspended by a cord from one of the beams.
She was cut down, and Mr. Pearl, of the Dispensary, was
sent for, but life was quite extinct. The deceased's mother
stated to the jury that she had called on her daughter, and
had had, as she said, " a very good account of her and her
mistress.,, The jury returned a verdict that " the deceased
destroyed herself while labouring under temporary mental
doraugemea,"
