Til I SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, PECErid PER 24. i8!0.

lation. Whether a complete democracy would make
better laws than the aristocracy has made, may be
wi:h some persons a matter of doubt, but it is utterly
impossible that a democracy could make worse
laws for the whole community, though we readily
admit that they would be a great deal worse for the
aristocracy.

We have recently been tuld, by a high Con-
servative authority, that without " justice religion
appears a mockery to the poor." In a similar
spirit a Mr. MARSHALL, a Dissenting Minister,
who is said by the Scotsman to be a person of con-
siderable talent, said at the late meeting of the
Dissenters at Edinburgh—.

" If I mistake not, there is a large portion of the
people of this country on the verge of infidelity. They
have lost all respect for Christian ministers and Chris-
tian ordinances. As to the national clergy, the”vork-
mg classes hare long been alien from them ; they-; have
long regarded them as their enemies rather th*their
friends ; and lessons of religion from their lip "have
been pronounced to be hypocrisy, and treate4 with
scorn. Now they are beginning to look updir. Dis-
senting ministers in the same light ; and what \then is
to become of alert), or what is to stand betwech them
and the wildest excesses ?"

Thus the religion of the Church Establishmen.,
even in Scotland, is treated as hypocrisy, and

rejected with scorn, because it is connected with
injustice. Here in England the case is far worse.
People are not on the verge of infidelity, they have

plunged deep into it. How can it be otherwise,
when religion is made the stalking-horse to poli-
tical oppression and opprobrious plunder ? -In its
name conscience is outraged, and the pockets
►ifled ; Church-rates are upheld, and the Curn-Faw
maintained. In fact, a Church-rate and our Corn-
law, to enable the landowners to pay tithes, appear
to be necessary consequences of an Established
Church—consequently an Established Church,
being associated with injustice, according to the
Times, must make religion appear a mockery to
the poor.

The same authority, however, assures us, that
one great advantage of such an establishment is to
maintain " throughout this realm all the chastened
fervours of piety, without any of the excesses com-
monly resorted to by its counterfeit." It implies
that, but for the Establishment, we should have in
England as many denominations of Christians as
there are in the United States, and they would be
as extravagant. At present England cannot rival
her Transatlantic offspring on this point ; and
absurd as are Revivalists, Ranters, and Jumpers,
and numerous as are the dissenting sects in this
country, they are far more numerous, and the ex-
travagant ones are still more extravagant, in Ame-
rica. We have to choose, then, between associat-
ing religion with injustice, according to the Times,
or allowing it to run into crude extravagance, dis-
gracing both its name and its origin.
That one or other is inseparable from religion we
do not aver, but the history of the world shows
that one or the other has been generally united with
religion. Not to speak of Mohammedanism, which
is combined with both fanaticism and slavery, and
not to speak of any Pagan worship, the long exist-
ence of Christianity as Roman Catholicism, was
one continued oppression, and the whole existence
of Christianity as Protestantism, has been accom-
panied by numerous sects, and an immense quantity
of extravagance. From the Puritans of the First
JAMES to the last Revival at Aberdeen, or Mr.
IRVING'S claims to the unknown tongues, Protes-
tantism has given birth to numerous sects abound-
ing in extravagance. An Established Church has
been little or no check on them, while it has been
guilty of much oppression. There is nothing in
such facts to inspire confidence in religion as the
governing power of society, or make us suppose,
however advantageous it may be to individuals,
that the State can rely on it as the means of secur-
ing the public peace, and promoting the public
prosperity.
But while this subject is so full of doubts to all
reflecting men, the Tories have no doubts at all,
and with a stupid cuckoo note, they assert that
to give more power to the Church, and to bring
up all the people at the feet of the priesthood,

is the sure means of providing for the welfare
of society. Every other part of their policy having
been practically refuted, they cling to this as the
means of safety. This has been refuted too, but

they think that the failure of the Church is not
generally known. No decent statesman, however,

i•, ill now for one moment suppose that the doctrines

taught by the priests will suffice for the govern-
ment of society. The public will certainly not give
in to the Tory notion. Even the priests themselves
do not follow that morality which they assert is all-
sufficient for the rest of mankind. To love one
another is the principal command of the Gospel ;
to preach hatred of rival sects is a continual em-
ployment of the priests. Burdened with riches men
cannot enter the kingdom of heaven, but to
burden themselves with riches is the great am-
bition of the priests. Ia general, too, they are
successful. While experience demonstrates the
difficUlty of separating religion, if established, from
oppression, and of preventing it, if not established,
from degenerating into extravagance, its principles,
on which the Tories rely for the government of so.
ciety, are despised by the priests themselves,
and will never have a commanding moral in-
fluence over the people. It is perfect foolishness,
therefore, to look to religion as the means of ex-
tricating society from its present difficulties. Reli-
gion was never intended to teach men principles of
government; and if statesmen loolCto it for them,
the empire will be plunged further into the mire.
Statesmen must consult present opinions and cir-
cumstances, not the opinions and circumstances
that existed in a narrow portion of the earth two
or three thousand years ago.

Nothing can be more impolitic on the part of the
Spanish Regency than the threats held out of in-
vading Portugal. Already the suspicion has arisen
that ESPARTERO only seeks employment for an
army which he cannot support and which he dare
not disband ; and although such an impression may
be very erroneous, it will not fail to make an im-
pression dangerous to Spain in the event of the
Regency persisting in the coetcion of the Por-
tuguese Government. That Spain is abstractedly
in the right we admit most freely ; but were she
to lose ten times as much by the restricted navi-
gation of the Douro as it is possible for her to
do before Portugal can be brought to hearken
amicably to the voice of reason, and so consult
her own interests in common with those of her
neighbour, it would be a mere cipher in compa-
rison with the injury which she must sustain by
kindling the flames of war in Europe. The ques-
tion of the navigation of the Douro cannot be
admitted for an instant as justifying a war. It
is altogether too contemptible to be thought of in
conjunction with the bombarding of towns and the
slaughter of a peaceable, unotfending people. Es-
PARTERO may tell us that Spain, as an independent
State, is the sole judge of what affects her own ho-
nour and interest, and of the measures to be taken lot
the maintenance of both. This in theory, or rather ac-
cording to international law, is true ; but the wiser
and humaner usages of more powerful States are gra-
dually abrogating this law, which, as regards mini,-
States, is already in a great degree a fief"
-.on. England,
France, the United States, Dna TiT.,
.., Key, have set
the example of preferring
tinns tin* --
rely uttration to war on ques-
,
't 1,01(4 Spaifl and
-olations follow their example.
Portugal to affecting their vitality, and it
will prove the wisest ant, sa,ut,
ignorant, tnisbegotten ' Before Spain can be Suffered to disturb the peace

of Europe with impunity, she must make known
the extent of the injury, political or commercial, or
both, which she complains of having received. She
must also strow that she has exhausted every paci-
fic means of bringing the subject in dispute to a
satisfactory conclusion. having allowed the Douro
question to remain in abeyance for five years, it is
rather unprecedented to plunge suddenly into war
as a means of effecting its adjustment. Besides, it
is the more unreasonable, as Baron BoMFIN and
his colleagues have given the question their best
attention, and though defeated upon it in the last
Session of the Cortes, the Portuguese Government
gave assurance to that of Spain that it would again
be revived in the next Session of the Chambers.
But, perhaps, Portugal is more apprehensive of war,
and we more solicitous for peace, than the occasion
justifies. In the successful career of ESPARTERO
against the Carlists in Spain, we find no precedent
for supposing that that hero's bark must be im-
mediately followed by a bite. His old habit of
enumerating victories months before winning them,
is one which he may not yet have cast aside. And
if the invasion of Portugal
be prosecuted on the
plan of the war in Spain, there is reason to hope
that the Portuguese Cortes shall have met, settled
the question, and returned to spend the autumn of
1841 on their estates, before ESPARTERO shall
have advanced from the capital as far as roledo.
But be this as it may, any' further attempt o the
part of the Spanish Regency to disturb the I.cace
of Europe, will prove more detrimental to Spain
than to her adversary.

V. WINTER-JUDGMENT.

The Chamber of Deputies was occupied on
Monday and Tuesday with the oft-agitated, Facto-
ries Bill. The limitation of infant labour in fac-
tories is a measure dictated by sound policy and
humanity, and yet the Courrier Francais tells us
that no amelioration in the condition of the juvenile
toilers can came from the Chamber of Deputies,
which wants experience, and dislikes altogether the '
discussion of questions involving the principles of
political economy. There was but a thin atten-
dance at Monday's sitting, and when the Chamber
met on Tuesday, there were scarcely members
enough present to form a house. The apprehen-
sion of not being able to compete with Eng-
land is sufficient to deter a large body in
the Chamber of Deputies from interfering in any
way between the children working in factories and
their employers. With them the education of these
poor children as useful, orderly, and intelligent
members of society, their protection from that over
exertion in infancy which never fails to sow the
seeds of premature disease and decrepitude—is a
question merely determinable by the manufacturer's
ledger and the annual relative amount of the export
and import returns of France !

The Commerce states that an intimation has
been given by M. THIERS to the journals under
his influence to stifle as much as possible the pub-
lic discussion on the fortifications of Paris. " The
ex-Minister," says that journal, " is fully sen-
sible that this question is one of those
which will not bear examination, and that
to succeed it must take the country by surprise.
It is the duty of France now apprised of this pre-
cious scheme, to watch that portion of the press
which receives its inspirations from M. THlE:its.
lie would lull us asleep, the better to enchain and
enslave us. The discussion of the question:would
ruin his project, therefore he stifles it." 'Whether
M. THIERS has recommended such a line of con-
duct we know not, but in the justice of the conclu-
sion at which the Commerce arrives respecting the
foitifications of Paris, we entirely agree. It is a
project for etnbastiling the French capital, and no_
thing else. It is the bridle with which the KING pro-
poses to min in the now sovereign democracy of
Paris. Whether the plan of detached forts or the
wall of circumvallation be adopted, is a matter of
very little consequence. In either case the result
will be the same. The democracy of Paris will
never again have the power of re-enacting the
scenes witnessed during the " three glorious days:'
We have given, in another part of The Sun, the
whole of the news contained in the French journals
of Tuesday, with the exception of the following
extract from a letter from Frankfort
Since the beginning of December, our bankers have
been making considerable remittances in Louis d'ors to the
French capital, where price of gold is rather high.
These
Louis
ar
e t
hereh
m etl
teed
and
Coined into twenty-franc
pieces. The amount of these remittances from this city
is more than five millions. Notwithstanding this, the cur-
rent value of this coin does not rise, because there is at
present an extraordinary abundance of it in Germany, as
may be judged by the continual remittances..,

JONES V. WILLIAMS.

The Mortiteur of Tuesday
repeats the statement
of the Messager, that Lord P ALmEnsToN had
written a letter to the Lords of the Admiralty, ap-
proving of the Convention signed by Commodore
NAPIER at Alexandria, and adds that the Repre-
sentatives of the other three
their approbation of it. There was iikewise a ru-
mour afloat in Paris to the effect that the Repre-
sentatives of the Four Powers, in London, had
addressed a joint Note to the French Cabinet, in-
viting France to unite with them, now that the
Eastern Question is disposed of, and to abandon
a state of isolation useless to herself, and dangerous
to the rest of Europe.

It will be seen by the Corn Averages to-day that
the duty levied by the landlords on the starving
people's bread, in this severe season, continues to
be at the rate of 265. Bd. per quarter: of wheat.
But while they levy this exorbitant tax on the
people's food they most foolishly, End most mis-
takenly, flatter themselves that they will gain credit
for generosity in'bestOwing on workmen a little food
in different"places, amounting .perhaps to is a head,
At the present day, when all classes are not
merely readers, but'thinkers, observers, and writers,
this attempt of the landlords to gloze over their
wrong-doing will be instantly seen through, acrdwhat they will call generosity, the suffering indus-
trious classes will call by hypocrisy ; and where they
expect gratitude they will meet derision. Their
generosity will be properly honoured when they
have done justice.
_....,

T k
HE PENINSULAR AND ORIENTAL STEAM NAVIG .
TtoN COMPANY.—We learn from a pamphlet, just `pub-
lished by Mr. Anderson; that tiottnt Walewski, in re-
turning from tv,ypt to krorle,d; veNytetl. tatilag his
passage by the Oriental rather than in one di alb Vroeth
Government steamers to Marseilles. By proneeding in
the Oriental first to England and thence to Prance -the
Count actually shortened the time of his
assae'e to
Paris by a fortnight,and avoided three Weeks ittipi:,,,,
meat in the Lazaretto at I\larseilles.

farostNyVnEmArnTinitgE,
nw7th Wthee tliileartmeo mttl) tne°r tsilte:dh?gleat
29 degrees. The entire day yesterday was one an
able fineness. The wind went down, and
althremark-
was, and is still N. 8., its Infieenet Is Otiareeir feoltughThiet
parks continue to be crowded, but the aristoerAey b I it
now on the wing to their chateaus, the fasbionablem tl
na;
clelar',ll
eminence, arc few. The skaters have seldom ehjo-' Id•La
better beginning of thylr setnoll• We are glad trisebear
that the r. t I 1 :
iepor. Met-Amen in some of the papers
on
Tuesday, that Mr. Jacobs, who became Immersed on Fri-
day had died, is untrWei
ettinteit iRATES.—The Churchwardens of
SL Peter's have summoned two of the parishioners, both
Dissenters, for refusing to pal Chtirth,rates. The pro_
traetttl scrutiny at Merthyr 'lydvii has terminated by a
considerable majority against the rate.—Worcestershire
Chronicle.
THE Poo It.--4-ttindteds, nay thousands, of our
artizang And agricultural labourers are suffering severely
frit—
loy
....n want of emp ; ment, and their misery is much in•
creased by the extreme severity of the season
but we are
gratified to see that the band of benevolence is acts° in
endeavours to alleviate their privations, and to carry com-
fort to the cold hearths of those poor people whose claims
OTh the_ sympathetic support of their more fortunate fellow-
s countrymen are. r
(wally just and strong.
The* Maichioness of Clanflearde has left St.
James's-squaro to visit the Duke of Portland at Welbeck
I ' Abbey, Nottinghamshire.

CHANCERY COURT-(THIS DAY,)

THE LONDON AND BIRMINGHAM RAILWAY COMPANY

The LORD CHANCELLOR gave judgment to-day in this
cane, which was argued a few days ..go. The bill was
filed by the plaintiffs, the Company of Proprietors of the
London and Birmingham Railway Company, for the pur-
pose of compelling the specific performance of an agree-
ment entered into with the Company by the agent of the
defendant to sell them certain land. The defence set up by
the defendant was that the agent had not his autho-
rity to enter upon the cnntract in question. His Lordship
considered it clear from the statements of the agent as well
as the evidence that had been adduced, that the agent had
authority to do what he had done, and he should therefore
decree a specific performance with costs.

IN THE MATTER OF THE REV. JOHN GEORGE HOUNSFIELD,
CLERK, A PRISONER IN 'YORK CASTLE.
This case, which comes before the Court upon a motion
on a writ of habeas corpus to discharge the reverend de-
fendant, was postponed till the latter part of the day, in
consequence of the officer of the High Sheriff of York
not having completed his return to the writ.
The COURT then proceeded to hear lunatic petitions.

ROLLS' COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

Mr. STINTON made an application yesterday for the
discharge of the plaintiff from the Fleet, where he was con-
fined upon an attachment for non-payment of costs to the
defendant, the defendant being now dead, and there being,
th.refore, no person at whose snit the plaintiff could now
be imprisoned. The bill had been filed for a discovery,
in which the plaintiff faired, and the coats had been taxed
at 401 In support of the application Mr. Stintcn cited a
case of White v. Hayward, 21 Vesey, sen., which, with
the exception of Its being a bill for relief was precis, ly
similar to the present. In that case the application was
granted.
Tn. MASTER of the ROLLS desired the case to stud
over, in order that inquiry might be made whether the
deceased party had left ally executor or representative, be-
cause if he bad, notice of the application ought to be served
upon such party.
Mr. STINTON mentioned the case again this morning,
and stated that all the information that they could obtain
prom the Solici,or of the late defendant, was that he was
dead, but they had not heard any thing about his
t epresehtative. The defendant, in his life-time,
had resided at Bristol, and the only persons
in London, who knew anything about him were the solici-
tors, of whom inquiry had been made. He ( Mr. Stinton)
was anxious that the plaintiff should not spend his Christ-
mas in the Fleet, and there would not be time now send to
Bristol.

MasTER of the ii.ou.s was afraid, however anxious
he might be to discharge the prisoner, that he could not
do so without notice having been served on the represen-
tative. However, the Learned Counsel could, if he thought
proper, apply to thei.ordChanccllor in the course et the day,
and see if he could be more fortunate with his Lordship.
It the legal personal representative could not he found,
then he (the Master of the Robs) would make an order
for substituted service, .

The unopposed petitions and motions occupied the
Court the remainder of the day.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

COLONIAL MARKET.

There WAS little business done in any kiwi of produce,
but prices were steady and the imports light. The public
sales were of little moment. The markets will be shut
until sth January.
TEA MARKET.

The transactions in this article were upon a moderate
scale, and full prices were obtained. Company's Congou
for cash sold at 2s. lid. to 2i. l4d. per lb. The mar-
ket appeared inclined to advance.
TALLOW MARKET.

A fair dernind existed for P. Y. C. on the spot, and
prices were firm at 475. 6i. to 475. 9d. per cwt.
WHITECHAPEL HAY MARKET.

The supply of Hay was large, which met a good de-
mand at 51. to 6/., for fine Clover ; 41. to 41. 155., for
middling ditto, and 31. 10s. to Si., for Meadow Hay.
Straw, limited supply, and prices much the same as before
quoted, 32%. to 341 per load.

MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, WEDNESDAY.—We have
bad an extenvive demand for Cotton, at advanced prices.
To-day the sales were 10,000 bags, of which 5,000 have
been taken on'speculation.
LIVERPOOL SIIARE LIST, DEC. 23.—Chester and Birk..
enhead New Shares. 2ba ; Debentures. 5 ; Grand June_
Lion, 210 ; Great Western, 901 ; Half Shares, 51e ;
Fifths, 10a ; London and Birmingham, 1691 ; 32/. Shares,
; South Western, 55.

• We have received the Journal of Antwerp of yester-
day's date.
BOURSE OP AMSTERDAM, DEC. 21.—The attention to•
day is towards the Actions of the Society of Commerce.
The fall of yesterday, and the observations of the sections
of the Second Chamber on the subject of the contracts
passed between the Government and the Society produced
the above effect. These Actions were again offered to-day
at another heavy fall ; they opened at 163. Three per
Cents. lower than yesterday, and they fell to 160. At
four o'clock they were 161 i 162. The other national
funds suffered lens or more by this re-action. Litegrales,
49 11-16ths 13-16ths ; Ardoin's Spanish was not so
good, left off, •_2 1-16th ; Coupons, 18,„ The new Russian
Loan was firm, which caused a gisat'deal of business to be
done in it; it was done at 861
'I he Avondbode of Amsterdam,' of the 18.11 instant,
contains a letter from Frankfurt, which states that en
Austrian division, which was destined for the Upper Rhine,
is already on its march. Also that the movements of the
Prussian troops are going to commence. Germany is pre-
paring, without any noise, for war. England is doing the
same by sea.
Accounts from Brussels state that the Minister of War
presented to the Chamber of Representatives two pro-
jects cf law. One was to add to his Budget a provi.
sionary credit of five millions, and the other to fix the con-
tingent of the army to 80,000 men for 1840.
By the express front Paris it appears that a French
loan was expected to be contracted for. The accounts
from Frankfort state that a large quantity of specie was
continually being sent to France by the bankers of that
capital, which no doubt is for the above loan.
Accounts in the French Papers, received this morning
from Frankfort. state—" Since the commencement of De-
cember a considerable quantity of Louis d'ors, on the part of
our bankers, have been sent to France, where gold is at a
high price, also 20 franc pieces; there has been sent from
hero more than five millions. Nevertheless, the prices
of these pieces and others have not got up, owing to their
being at present in Germany an abundance unemployed."

TDB FUNDS.
To-morrow being Christmas-day, it is not expected
that any business of consequence will take place until
after the holidays. The Colonial Market closes this after-
noon for the holi-days, and will not open again until
the sth January. In the other markets business also sus-
pended.
The British Market is a shade better this morning.
Consols, which lefroff yesterday at 85i cx div. for the
opening, opened at 881 f for the account • little is doing
as yet. Reduced 88k; Exchequer Bill's 2 4 prem.
Rink Stock 156 157; India Stock for the opening 237
239 ex div.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Active is also rather
better, left off 221 at present 221 ; Deferred, 11# ;
P.ssive, 50; Portuguese same as it closed, 30} 31 •
Three per Cents., 20i ; 'Colombian, same as it left off,
22 23 ; Mexican, also, 2 ; Brazilian, 71 72 ; Chilian
nothing done ; Dutch Two-and-a.. Half per Cents., as it
closed, 504 51 ; Five per Cents., 97/
SUARES.—Great Western, 23 24 pro.* ; New, 10 11
prem. I London and Brighton, 8f 8 discount; Black-
wall, 51 4 discount ; Birmingham, 79 81 prem. ; South-
ampton, 53f 54} per share ; Croydon, 12} per ',hare ;
Greenwich, 7f 8f per share; Manchester and Birming-
ham, 15 13 discount; South Eastern and Dover, 16k 16
discount.
The Greet Western steamer, with the President's Mes-
sage to Congress, Is expected daily.
PRICES OF SHAREM THIS DAY AT ONE.
cways• Paid. Per Share.
aat
65
Great Western ..... - ..............
Ditto Fifths ............... ... 4 •••• 10i......
London and Brighten
London and Birmingham.........
Ditto New Shares ............... 24 481 to 49
London and South Western ...... 381 55 ... ••
Jottirr STOCK BANKS.
U d nion
Ditto New Shares . . :itS5 !tic" 5
PRICES OF IRISII STOCKS; DUBLIN, DEC. 22.
3 per Cent. Consols
Three and Half Stock..... 97 i Grand Canal Stoci...,•••••
Ditto Reduced ...... Ditto Debs. 6 per cent... 87k
nu, No, mao
3 per Cent. thio. .„:„ 90 Royal Can PASTifiIF- ONE.
The private letters received from Anntterdam explain
the tense of the fall in the Dutch Funds of the 25(sti,ety cf
tionitheted. It was owing to the new Minister of Finance
having rdflucdd the ciossnnis3ion of the above Society on
Government procktCe froth the Is/and of Java.
Consuls hr.ve fluctuated during the morning, 8S
re, the 15th of January, at present may be quoted at
neduced, esi ; Exchequer Bills, 2to 4 prem. ; Bank
Stock, 157 156 k loives.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Active 22 ; De-
Portuguese 31f ; 1 hree per
fared, Ill; Passive, bi ;
Cents. 201 ; Colombian 22i 23 ; Brazilian, 7lk
Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents. 51; Five per Cents ,
97' 42- 97.
In Shares very little doing. London and Brighten,
411-; Birmingham New Shares, 481 49.

CONCERTS D'HIVERs DRURY-LANE.—Mr.
giaott's Concerts were last evening honoured by the pre-
sence of his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge,
,cho expressed much satisfaction at the whole:performance.
We also noticed the following :—Marquis of Waterford,
miss Bordett Couits, Lord Templeton, (Jul. Ashburnham,
Sir J. Burgoyne, &c. &c.
This morning, at eight o'clock, the annual cha-
rity of his Grace the Duke of Northumberland was e
Rdistri-
bated at the vestry-room, opposite the church, by th
of ev.
Sir Henry Duckcnfield, to eight hundred persons St.
Martin's parish, consisting of 2s. 6d. to each person, and
tea and sugar to about three hundred aged females. The
applicants obtriined tickets two days previous, whie) prc-
by sorne. bargemen. The linen of thelleCealed was not
vi.nted any obstructions,
BODY FOUND.—This mornings between nine
and ten o'clock, the body of a gentleman, attired in new
mourning, wearing a mourning ring nn his finger, was
found floating in the River Thames, in Chelsea Reach,
marked. His ago appeared to be between fifty and sixty,
\
and the body bad not been many days in the water.
