RENOVATLIY HEALTH.

. _
TT has been too frequently thL., sUbjedofjust and
general reprobation, that Merl destitute of the elements of
the medical art have ollered themselyes as candidates for
public pat roriage in the pro fessioir of physic I. or the purpose
of doing justice to the result #:t st tidies ande3 !retie: ice, and
to prevent its fruit: being clasSed among those empiric's ,vhiSse
imprudent ,retensiorts,,have, unfortunately f,i_i•,ociwiy, hLen
too favourably received, we beg leave to subs to the liberal
and enlightened a faithful statement of our pursuits and ac.
Nuirtinelits. After !laving reixi.ied a, regular medical educa.
trots as the pupils of Messrs. Corritt•d ana
lcdures and practice WC carefully attended, as protessOrs and
surgt;nns of. the • L within Hospital • we entered .ourScl ve- as
students in'that justly celebrated selloid acquire-
ment, the Royal College of F.thrlbu 4;lr, and were instructed
in the different bratiches-Olanatomy, sorF;ery,•- the theory and
practice of 'physic, eheinist-ry, inidwilert, b-tarty, &c. ko:
by those ernitrent professors, Drs, Mdnrp, cirey,Ory,
Hamilton, Demean and Rutherfirot. We trustta)i not
be deemed prosum;,tuous iiu saving that our pronLitrricy and
acquirements ii•re nit inconsiderable. flaying for a Ling series,
of years inarfe Venereal Curn;ilaitits, and •the various diseaSes'
of Debility, the particular object of our studies :nal practice,
it will we be. 5116we:.t that we haie acttuired superior
knoa, ledge of their treatment and cure. in slight :.id recent-
cases of infection a perfect ie-establisiunctit is• coisipleted lir -
I
the short p'ericid'of t Adi-tys ; and in thosg.grlfte ottnost
veteracy,, where other practirkiner's have 'failed of suctest,
proper perseverance in our plait of treatnient ensures to the
patient a safe and raincal cure.

, Amidst the inchutelialyy, variety, of iliaoriftirS winch are the
eifeets of a habit long and most unhappily pursued. by the
youth of both sexes, there 'are none nio:e alarming or more
distressing than those •detiOetictcs r and .debili ties which ire.
quently prevent or embitterilie inati•iinimial state.. To such
persons it must be aconsolatiog,fo know' th,it they may now,
by a new and infallible mode ot treatment, he te•startid to that
greatest ot all human blessings, a strong, Jimmy, and vigor--
ous COClStitUtioll. In all cases of tr,,mn whatevog
cause arising, as well as in every species of ‘en.a-etti inketion,
• we may bet-insulted by patients of either sex with the; great.
est secrecy and honour. Hours of consultation at home front
ten to three, and horn ti in the evening till to at night. •
Patients in the c‘iuntry are requested to state the partial..
Jars of theifcase, age, and general habit of living, &c. &c: iu.
closing a remittance for advice and medicines, when the same
will be given, ur sent to e. 4 part of the kingdom. To ensure
that secrecy so cs:anitial to our undertaking, true, Nstag4
pi
letters yfiay he to the accnum for Medicines.. •
C UR it l E and Co, Surgeons, ,N0..1.7, Hatton-garden.
!gr.- Me)isrs, Currie and Co. have CertiticateS 'iron. the
al :lye respetlabie l'idlessors .of Londini and Edinryargh, of
the diligence,. skill, and iieniartity, with which trey Fer-
tut-incti o.le duties assigned their during the i;no.c *.Ley at.
tended itu..ir Lestt-Jrcs and Pratri.:c7.

PARIS, Ocr. !..6.--,-Yesterday his. Majesty the Errv.-, . .
and King tent in great state to the P !lace of
the Legislative Body, in order. to open the Sitting.
is tligliness the Prince Vice GRAND ELEaTOR,
'bOing received permission of his Majesty to
Minister the oath to those Deputies of the LegislaQ
tive Body appointed since the sitting of the year
1.807, the names of these Deputies were called over
by the Questor, M. DRSPALLIERES, while each of
them approached the foot of the Throne to take
'the oath.
This ce.remony being ended, his Majesty spoke
as follows :
fuMEssicußs, the DiSPUTIES of the Deraltr.
regrz.Ts to the LEGISLATIVE BOW:
" The rodes of l'aws laying down the princiiles
of property lied of civil freedom, which form the
subject of your labours, will be adopted as the senti-
ment of Europe. My. people already experience the
most salutary etre&s from them.
The latest laws have laid-the foundation of our
system of finance. That is a monument of the
Might and greatness of France. We shall hence-
forward•the able to, meet the expenditure which
might, e.il-elidered necessary eveo by a getieral
egal,ition(ri Europe, by . our yearly income alone.
Nevvishitl• we ne reduced to have •recourse to the
fi'(4,,,expedients of paper money, of loans, or
pat-iwis of revenue.
:have, e , in the present year, laid out more
than. a :thousand mites of road. The system of
works which I have established for the improve
ment of our territory will be•carried forward with
zeal.
The prospe& 'Of the great French Family, late-
ly torn to pieceS by opinions am; • 'si tie ! 111COtir,
het now prosperous, tranquil, arv! u.. red, h is atFe6t-
ed my soul in a remarkable manner.. I have felt,
that, in order" to be happy, I,s4ould iH tine first place
a,yeAriiit that France was _happy.
rhe'll:tace of Preshurgh, that of Tilsit, the
assault•o6C6penhagen, the plans of Englithd against
all I:ationvou the ocean, the different revolutions at
Consolminople, the affair of Spain and Portugal,
have, io varlous ways, exercised an influence on the
affairs of the world.
• "- itussia and Denmark have • united with to.
against England.
The United States of -America have rather
chosen to abandon: commerce and the sea, than to
acknowledge their slavery.
" A part o`toy army has marched against that
which England haS formed in Spain, or .404scrr,-
birked. it is z distinguished favour of that Prhti-
deuce, which has constantly proteCted our .arms,
that passion has so far blinded the English Councils,
that they abandon the defence of. the seas, and at.
last produce.their army on the Continent.
" I depart in a few days to put *self inpersoir
at the head of my army, and with Goo's help, to
crown the King of Spain in Madrid, and to plant
my eagles on the forts of Lisbon.. •
" I have _only to praise the sentiments of 'the
Princes of.t,l4Confederation (tithe Rhine. •
0-11 pd experiences every day more and
paorethe bcenefits of the Ad. of Mediation,
of Italy give me grounds for no-
thing but expressions of Safi:dotfiat'.
The Emperor of RUSSIA and myself have had
an :interview at Erfurth. Our first thought was a
ths)ught of pace. We have even resolved to make
some sacrifices, in order to enable the hundred mil-
lions of men whom we represent, if possible, the
sooner to enjoy the benefits of the commerce of the
seas. fre are agreed, and unehanakeably united, as
well for peace as for war.
MESSIEURS DEPUTIES,
have ordered my Ministers of Finance, and
of th,,,,ciengral Treasury, to lay' before you .an ac-
.,copuitofiblogrireceipt and eXpenditure of the year.
127 p 4„win thgein see, with satisfaraion, that I have
net felt: ithgtavessary to increase the tarif with any
inmost. Ariy veople shall experience noneW burden.
" The -Speakers of my Council of State will,
subMit to you many plans of laws, and among others
all those which have relation to the tritninal code.
.". J rely constantly on your co-operation." •
His. Majesty's speech excited the most lively emo-
tion, .and the Sitting was closed under repeated ac-
clamations of Long Live the Emperor! The same
rejoicings were 'manifested in the streets through
which his Majesty passed.

PARIS, OCT. 27.—The arrival here of COMA VON
ROSIANZOW is ,announced. It is thought that his
Excellency will-await the answer of En&litad in this
•
OSTEND, OCT. 26.—People are extremely anii,":
guy about the result of, the first• overtures towardi
conciliation which the two Emperors of FRANCE and,
• Ryssiii have made to England; and it is wished that.
they may procure us a general peace. It is certain
that..the.4)NpOpariers fromErfurth to London took
--SikiPrifto3tOogne, for England, on the ruth; and
it ,is won asserted that they have both returned to
CalaiS from their mission to the English Go‘ernment.
'However this may be, these accouhts.haveltere, ai
well as at Antwerp, and other ports of 'the Etopire,„
• caused a very great sensation, and have produced a
remarkable fall in the price Of colonial produce, :and
a rise of the public funds.
PETERSEURGH, OCT. B.—The Court Gazette, of
-e sth and Stii, contains very full details with re-
sped to the last vialorioas operations. of our troops in
'Finland,
_under tic command of General Buxuov-
DEN, After uncommonly bloody battles, the Swedes
were driven 9nt of Wasa, and Old and New Carleby;
the Atig.Oltrprovince of \Vasa has been subjected
ith?'ltnsßU3.',Q-uveriimen'r. The,artny Qf Fiela
AL„si-,,,i1:,;..L,,k0ri.0it, which cohsi,t,A.Ut 16,000 re=
t.llars, and many awned boors, has been
to 9000. By yea -the tiussians,...under 'Admiral
Di JEI~OW have Pcqvil'ea nt,.4 Jaiir:4k

IKIEti•NIA, Ocr. 15.-114 Imperial Flighiie'siTibe
Arc:icliii:e CHARLES, the day before yesterda,'34.it
om tier Pres4urgh, to join his Majesty the Emperor.
The report that his Majesty will have an interview

it: G;iiicia with the Russian Monarch is now become
fol. The report of 'an .armistice between-the
nate and Russia is not confirmed, and our Court

Courant is silent about it.

BER I.IN, OCT. 20.—This morning, Prince WIL-
LIAM of Prussia, whose arrival here from Erfurth
communicated general satisla6tion, set, cut on his re-
turn to Konigsburgh. •
FRANKFORT, OCT. 16.—We are assured that tue
French troops in Germany will take the name of -the
Army 'of the Rhine, and that Marshal DAVOtim
(Doke of AUERSTADT) is appointed General ff,p_hiet.,
of this Artny. • It is added, that he will haVe 'the
grenadiers of General OUDI NOT under his ore rs.

LEIPSIC, OCT. I morning, at half past
six, o'clock, the Emperor of RUSSIA and his suite ar-
rived here. He was received by the French and
Saxon troops, and the Horse Guard of the Mer-
chants of this city. His Majesty breakfasted at the
Pius;lon Hotel, whence, after receiving the Deputies
nf the town, he departed at ten o'clock, amidst a
getreral cry of " Long Live the Emperor !" He
was escorted by a detachment of French and Saxon
cavalry, and also by a detachment of the Mercantile
Guard of Honour. Yesterday the Grand Duke CON-
iiTANTINE, Baron VON VINCENT, and the Prussian
Euvoy VON GOLTZ, passed through this city.
NURP3IBURGH, Ocr. 19.---The Gazette of this
town states, according to letters from Nissa, a Great
Porsonitze had arrived there from Constantinople,
charged with a message from the Sultan MAHMUD
to Czt,,Ext GEORGES. It is added, that CZERN[ was
reivie,ted to go in person to Nissa, but it' is not
knoau whether he had consented. Other letters
tir.i! a number of Turkish and Russian9flicerS
rived at Widdin. At Belgrade the *file ap-
par- n) be perfettly satisfied respecting the sittiiiioir
of. Ser+ ia. A number of German architeas, masons,
carpenters, See. have arrived there, and a great part
cf the thwn is re-building.

ItA4

I.7.IANKFORT, OCT. 14.—Marshal SOULT'S corps
br.ken up. A gri.2t pa.rt_is. Ito march towards
i'r,i;ice. No part of the Grand Army will ren',"lin in
.
....T.A.nalny, except the corps of the Prince of PONTE
0.1010, on tlie..coast of the Baltic,. and that of Mar-
DAVOUST, which is to occupy the principalities
of .14-ulda, Bayreuth, the county Of Hanau, Erfurt:),
&c.. -We know-not yet whether Prussia is to be en-
cirdy evacuated. !-)dj

HAGUE, Nov. t .----The French Priv4teer,,the
Grand Duke of Berg, has captured oif.the Isle of
Witht, and carried into Havre, an English VeSSel
called the Betsey, laden with fish and oil, from New-
foundland, and bound to Pool. According to letters
from Trieste, twenty Ships had arrived at that Port
and at Fiume, with produce of the Levant, and are
N he followed by others.
BAYONNE, OCT. Majesty's brig Ores-
tes, Commanded by Lieutenant MONIER, Member
c. thelegion of Honour, which sailed from the
port on. the 6th July last, returned on the 3d inst.
with a cargo or cotfee, and after having captured
three English vessels on her passage.
The Gazette published by the Insurgents at Ma-
drid, gives an account of the engagement of Virniera,
in Portugal. This Newspaper, which is written tin-
der the influence of the English, says in express
terms, that the battle was not decisive. This an-
nounces what the Convent ion.concluded with Gen.
JUNOT had already proved, that the English are far
ivotit having been victorious, as they boast of being
in Their official reports.
A band of insurgents of the environs of, Valencia
.-sal:ered Madrid 'about the beginning of 4.4er.--.
t. peasants, who observe no discipliniso-

!ave themselves up to every kind of excess.—
Ltivy riundered several parts of the town, and it
a,
v.ith the ninio.r ditiiculty that they could at
kilgth e prevailed Upon to set otr fur what is termed

It

..„, pn•para•ions are making at the Castle of
-Ic, tor Ihe reception of his Imperial Miljesty.
are i.u.tertaineri here of his honouring US With
pr,2,ence in the course 01 next month.

SEPr. x4.--Yesterday the King
stit-ont from this city 'for Memel. Ms Majesty is
gisicg ¶0 inspea the military posts established along
cast, and also the defensive prt,paraeisthaßafch

nrting in the ports.
• -• T‘A.'e ..leere highly astonished to learnfEhere the ru-
rrottr:;-;vhich Werelately spread at Berlin, rolative to
Lt,e r eteuded augmentation of our troops. -Far frbm
IL:vin; been 'reinforced, the army ha; really suffered
,:_.,,s,tterable diminution, as the soldiers of the dis-
L u, ci regiments Nye, for the most part, been sent
&Sides, every body knows
are set:o'A regirnents•here of which there
4-tore remaining than the Officer; and Petty
0 GovviuMent has even dispensed us this
registering the horses fit for the service,
v.'.-isforruerly done every year. lii fine, the pretend-
e•-•. fn; l'omerania consisted, 'in August,
o: : 3 t 5 inflntry, 432 'Cavalry, and 472 artlleryrnen.
Tnese iteNaps do riot suffice for the ;sitriple military
pts which the maintenance of the police requires
ilong therboirers of the sea. The men absent upon
41r16ugh Were • orddred to jorin their corps, which
raised Bach 'mitt:llion from 1 00 to 125 or 130 men :
tilus each '-,b=,ittalion is now hardly eV& to an ordi-
, • k
crnoany.•
-NIII7Z, Ovr. O.—A park of artilleYTond:four re-
gill-lents of .'dragoons, forming part of..the,.,fQrand
Army which is going to fight in Spain, have just
Fassed through our city ; these soldiers.were received
with the same enthusiasm as their brothers in arms.
vino had preceded them.
Na.ridtts, oc7. 6.—Oa Sunday last his Majesty
reviewed the- troops of the garrison of Naples. At
ut-e c..!ock in. the afternoon, all the corps arrived
the delightful prOmenade of Chlaj3. At three
-O'clock his Majesty went out of, the Royal Palace,
attended by his Excellency MarShaf TryzaIGNON, the
tI Equerry, his Aids-de-Camp, the Staff, and all
the Generals of the army. I Jis Majesty rode along
the whole line, and stopped .-:nci.;,:s3ivOvytilltc#!o; each
corps, kleepquired A ith the gi -I!.t..qiokicitude into
chi wants Of...the sot hers, quell:4Bf many with
the most aff:bre air, and caused 'aNgreat number of
manoeuvres executed. His MajeAy.appeared
satisfied at the ap_earance of the troops, at their abi-
lity and their excellt'nt spirit ; and he vouchsafed at
cut tiuies to express hisepprobation. It wai

pqt of these troops who embarked the next day,
'and who captured the Island of Caprea, which the
English had covered with Tedoubts and batteries.—
A happy success, which has excited the most
lively enthusiasm throughout Naples, and which an-
nounces to the people a brilliant and glorious reign.
Atter a long silence, Vesuvius has begun to cast
foith flames from the top of its crater. This circum-
stance and many other phenomena which have been
lately remarked, give reason to fear an approaching
eruption.

PARIS, OCT. 28.—Yesterday at noon, the Em-
peror being seated on his Throne, surrounded by
the Princes, -Grand Officers, and Officers of his
Household, the Ministers, Members of the Senate,
and Council of State, received at the Palace of the
Thuilleries a Deputation of the Legislative Body.
The Deputation being admitted to the foot of the
Throne, his Excellency the Count DE FONTANES, the
President, pronounced the following Address :

SIRE,

" The Legislative Body lays at your Majesty's
feet the Address of Thanks voted by all the French
people as well as by them.
" The paternal sentiments contained in the
Speech you have delivered from the Throne, have
diffused throughout love and gratitude.
" The first of Captains sees something more
heroic and elevated than victory--V-es, Sire, we
have it from your own mouth : there is an autho-
rity more powerful and permanent than that of
arms—it is the authority which is founded upon
good laws and national institutions. The codes
which your wisdom dilated will extend further than
your conquests, and reign, without effort, over twen-
ty different nations, whose benefaetor you are. •
" The Legislative Body ought, above all, to cele-
brate those peaceful triumphs, which are never fol-
lowed but by the blessings of the human race.
" Legislation and the Finances—it is to that that
our own duties are confined, 'and it is from you we
have received that double benefit.

" To yeti was it given to re-discover social order
under the wreck of a vast Empire, and to re-esta-
blish the fortune of the State in the midst of the la:
•
vages of war.
"You have created, as you have every thing be-
sides, the true elements of the system *of Finance.
Thai System, the most proper for great Monarchies,
is simple and fixed as the principle that governs
them—it is not sustained by those artificial means
which have all the inconstancy of opinions and of
events—it is imperishable as the riches of our soil..

" If sometimes difficult circumstzThces render fiew
taxes necessary, those taxes, always proportioned to
that necessity, do trot exceed the duration of it. The
future is not devoured before hand. We shall see
no more, after years of glory, the State sunk under
the weight of the public debt, and bankruptcy, fol-
lowed by revolutions, open an abyss in which thrones
and society itself are entirely lost.
These miseries are far from us.—The receipts
:Taal the expenditure.—The present burthens will
not be augmented ; and you give us this assurance
at the moment when other States are exhausting
all their resources. When you immolate your own
happiness, the happiness of the people occupies your
whole soul. It was affected with the aspeet of the
Grand Family, (for thus you call France), and
though sure of its utmost devotedness, you offer
peace at the head of a million of invincible warriors.
" It is with this generous design that you saw
the Enaperor of Russia. Hitherto, when Sovereigns
so poWerful approached each other from the ex-
tremities of Europe, all the neighbouring States
were in alarm. Sinister and menacing presages ac-
cOMpanied their grand_ interviews The two first
Monarchs of the world unite their standards not to
invade, hut pacify the world.

" Sire, your Majesty has pronounced the word
sacrifices, and we dare say to your Majesty, that word'
completes ail your triumphs. Certinly the nation
wishes no more than yourselrfer those sacrifices that
would injure their glory and yours ; but there was
but one means of increasing your grandeur, it was
to moderate the use of it.—You have shewn us the
speCtacle of force which subdueS every thing, and
you reserve for us a more extraordinary speetacle,
that of force subduing itself. '

A hostile people, it is true, pretend to re-
tard this last glory.—They have, descended, upon
the Continent at the voice of discord and of fac-
tions. Already you have taken up your arms -to
march and meet them—already you abandon.
France, which for so many years his seen you
but for so few days ; you depart, and I know not
what fear, inspired by love and tempered by hope,
has disturbed all our hearts. Yet, we know full
well that wherever you are you carry with you
fortune and victory. The Country accompanies
you with its regret and its wishes; it recommends
you to her brave children who form your faithful
legions—tier wishes will

your soldiers swear upon their swords to watch
round a head so dear and so glorious, where so many
destinies repose.—Site, the hand that has led you,
from miri; to miracle, to the summit of IMMO

LONDON,

TUESDAY, NOVEbIBER 8, 1808.

We have kosived Dutch Papers to the lid lost.
one of them contains BcrotrAPAara's Message to the
Legislative Body, the substance of which we some
time ago laid before our Readers. They bring no
other news of importance.
Since writing the above, we have received French
Papers, containing the Address trom the Legislative
Body to BLIONAPARTE, and his Answer.

Madrid Gazettes to the 26th, reached town last
night. It appears that several skirmishes had taken
place between the advanced Posts of tite Spanish
and French Armies, in which the former were uni-
formly successful. .

By the Getlenturgh Mail we have received the
following additional intelligence :

Head-quarters, Lemland, Od. 24.
His Royal Majesty has received the following Re-
port from Admiral Puma :
Having judged it necessary to inspea, myself,
the position in Rogerwick, I proceeded thither on
the 7th instant, in company with the English Ships
of the Line. I found that the whole RussianFfeeV
had set sail, with the exception of t WC, Fri-
gates, which had lowered their top-gallant-masts.
One of them was under way, but dropped
anchor again on our approach. She probably
intended to sail up the Bay of Finland, in com-
p:my with the other frigate, Which seemed ready
to set sail ; a large frigate lay stranded in the
and no person could be discovered on board.

His Majesty's Frigate Camilla, at anchor its Carlscrona
Roads, the i6th Oduher, [BOB.

Intelligence has been received that, about.the 15th
instant, the Russian Garrison in Abo amounted
to about one thousand men ; and that in the vicinity
of the town several Batteries have been construaed.
In the anion near Helsing, the Russian fotce
amounted to seven thousand men, who are now
quartered in the adjacent villages.—(Stockholm Ga-
zette, OFI. 27.)

THE Opposition Writers seem determined to
tack Ministers at all events upon the subje& of Por-
tugal, and their attacks have been in general re-
markable as much for their gross inconsistency, as
for their total want of candour. Our Readers will
recoiled that we some time ago called their attentica
to some observations in an Opposition Paper, upon the
Proclamation issued by Gen. HOPE, for preserving the
tranquillity of Lisbon. Upon that occasion, not, ohly
the terms of the Proclamation were censured, but
the fart of issuing it was represented as an inStili`i, o'-
•ei-01-1
our Ally the Prince Regent. So jealous werethe,se„
Gentlemen; of any thing like the assumption of
,au-
thority by the British Commanders in Portugal, that
even the adoption of a necessary measure, to preserve
the peace of the City of Lisbon, until the Govern-
ment established by the Prince Regent could resume
its functions, was represented almost as -an aCt of
usurpation. But no sooner was that Government
re-established in Portugal, than the very same writers
accused the AdministratiOn of this country .for hav-
ing
restored it. After assuming the fait, that the
British Troops which are left in Portugal jwere left
merely for the purpose of maintaining the Govern,
ment, they ask, ‘.‘ why is there a 'Government in
Portugal which requires a foreign force to sup-
port it ? We hope it is not -so. But if 'it is;
the fault must be with the English, for appointing
or re-instating a Government there which .
forfeited the confidence of the PortugueseJ4ll3
That is to say, that the English ought to have as-
sumed to themselves the right of determining what
sort of Government was best suited to the Portu-
guese, or most likely to please them. Such language
from any quarter would deserve reprobation, but it
is really too much from those who declaimed so long
and so loudly aboeilt our interfering in the internal
affairs of France.

THE.discontented spirits of Es3ex, who, after a
solemn promise from the Throne, were antions,,tei
address his MAJESTY again on the subje& of 0.4
Purrogal Convention, and 'wrte, by irnp)iOation.,
accusing his MAJESTY of a disposition to retrata that
promise, are toot, it seems, to be driven from their

obiea, though the loyalty and good sense of ‘the
Cetintry triumphed over them at the late llft!etinl'
The, therefore applied to the High Sheriff►
requesting him to convene another Meeting; but
he has properly rejeeted the application, alledginif
that there can be no reason lot " troubling al.
County a second time, upon the same business, wile*
its opinion has-been so completely expressed by the
decision on the motion of adjournment." The Get'
ter containing the application to the High Sheriff,
says, that from the" most careful inquiry," the pet'
sons who signed it were led to believe that their judts
ment on the division was more corred than that
which the High Sheriff was" kifortunately WWI.
to give, and while they profess a rehidauce to dis-
turb the tranquillity of the County, they have
the modesty to demand a poll, as if they Were
going to clause a Representative in Parliment• jt
is a very strange way of spewing a disposition to
preserve the tranquillity of a County, by eticlea'
vowing to disturb it with all the confusion of a VA'
tested election. But those advocates for Addressegr
who thus distrust the Royal word, solerusaiy pledgea
•to the Nation, have since met, and. have printd
some Resolutions arraigning the conduotolthe nigh
Sheriff; but they seem to have some restraint of de-
licacy, for they tenderly accuse that Gentleman d
having collie to an " tinsati,ffo Rory decision." Mild
creatures! Is it likely that they would have 6050
such a gentle epithet, if they had reason to belie";
that he High Sheriff bad acted from the spirit of
~
pacyti•or had not really conformed to the sentiments 0
IlitAei'lajority it) deciding for an adjournment ? That
10irdecision was wisatisfaaory to them there CO
be no doubt, but happily they constitute but a 5n3311
part of the County of Essex ; and from the loyslif'
patriotism, and good sense of that County in gene'`
ral, we hire reason to believe that it is well satisfied _
with the High Sheriff's decision, and does not Vtiall
to insult a good King, by a request that. he will ac*
what he has promised to do, and for which he
_hal
issued his commands accordingly.
fp*
wiStaffordshire, as we mentioned yesterday, see-
d 4psed to follow the same laudable example,
nOuprejudicating a measure which is on the eve 6*
inquiry, and in relying upon the justice of the CATIrt
to which it is to be submitted; and though lb°
spirit of party will doubtless be found in ever'
County throughout the Kingdom, yet the msPrl
.of true Englishmen in all, will, we are persusd
its
prevail over its efforts, and leave justice to tlub
proper course. We are accused of being Advocate.
for the Convention which has excited all thi49W-
~.,
tion, but we disdain the charge. We are adoca
for truth, for justice, for impartial icivestigoti°".
and, if we have occasionally suggested reaos;
why we think the Convention may admit 04c 5 be
defence, we have done so from a conviction °f
mischiefs that might have attended delay, con
ing the .charaeter of the enemy, nod from the Ceta
..iainty of the -great sacrifice that must have
riot
Jtl
made, when perhaps the ultimate result rnigb
Lb*
kb
have been more advantageous to Portuol thy,

ends accomplished by the Conveution.

.•••••#.ll
A report was circulated last night, founds °CI
a Letter from Holland, that a most severe WO 113
been fought in Spain, in whicu the French, after
the loss of Se 1,000 men, bad been compelled t°
treat. It was added, that the Spaniards had Bre
1?12..
30,00 Q men killed and wounded. We are 13°%0
se
dined to attach much credit to this report, becl.t. b.
.1k have received recent intelligence from Sp3illlibic
cdbes not state that any battle had taken place.

ha Itlo
The wind has been so favourable since t'aileti
loth, and 15th regiments of Light Dragoons tai
to join Sir Jonra Mooitz'i army in Spain, thatrebei
have no doubt reached Corunna by this time.
embarked eight troops each, being about IWO 1110
Two troops of each of the above regiments are
in England to recruit.
His Majesty's Ship Childers arrived at Leith
the 3d 3d inst. with a Danish Privateer: her PliZe'fitta
The card of admission to the LORD MAYO;SO •
ner, to-morrow, is beautiful, and aperopriat°,4o fa•
character 'of the times. It is adorned with ritaitiP
male figures, representing Spain united with "; the
trampling on and • spurning with conten3P` by
tyranny and oppression of France, representeci,d,
portrait of BUONAPARTE, prostrate on the grcv)( A 430
•
HoLMAN has relinquished his engagement li 5 P• b his
eager of the Dublin Theatre, and has retire
Llcottage tear Hereford, for the purpose of nritibliat
la dramatic work. He returns, 'however, to argt
to perform there a few weeks after Chri4o7l.loo
has accepted several engagements at provincial
f in England and Scotland. dtt•
The manner in which the Newspapers havef
nounced the Subscription for the re-building o
lio buildiog blie to
vent-garden Theatre, might induce the their
believe, that the Patentees were advertiz;lll: been
Shares. The truth is, that the SiOicri.ption Paean so •
toll these ten days, and the applications havellich the
numerous, on account of the advantages' 'A' i„,rictote
plan held forth, that many friends of this Pl 4
have been disappointed. prorl
Among the other novelties in prepan;ti°' 3.!ciaction
Lane 'theatre, is a Comed which is the pro been
of a self-taught Bird y,
and which, it is said ha'tO
adopted by Mr. T. SHERIDAN, under ciren' Ph at the:
very honourable to himself. It is added, t`' roo.
_d
piece has been honoured with the perusal and
bati9n of several first-rate literary characters.
