COERCIVE MEASURES TOWARDS

IRELAND.

(From the Observer of Yesterday.)
Saturday evening, at eight o'clock, a meeting of the
Council and the members of the National Union took
place at the Crown and Anchor Tavern, Strand, to hear
Mr. O'Connell state what would be the probahle effects in
Ireland of the coercive measures proposed to be extended
to that country.
There were a''out 1,500 persons present, nearly all
members of the Union, and the greatest curiosity and
anxiety seemed to prevail among those who attended the
meeting. The gallery of the large room was filled with
ladi s, and there were some of them, who, rather than
not hear the proceedings of the evening, had hiadihool
enough to penetrate the crowd and make their way to
the platform-11,1hour not to he accomplished without the
risk of torn garments and other inconvenience. We
have seen many meetings, but seldom were present at one
at which so touch exei'ement prevailed.

Mr. Hoc FRS proposed that Mr. Saul should take the
Chair.

Afaj .r REVELL moved the first resoluti,,n, to this effect

" That it is the solemn duty, as well as the interest, of the
whole of the people of Great Britain and Ireland, zealously
to watch and strenuously to resist every attempt to deprive
any portion of them of the protection of the Habeas Corpus Act
and of Trial by Jury, inasmuch as an attack on the liberties
of part of the people is an attack on the liberties of the whole."

They were in an awful p ethc,iment, and the minds
of :ill should be attentive, fur he who attended only to his
own country should be struck off the rolls of freedom.
He considered that As the Irish assitred the English in
gaining Reform, the English would he worse than cowards
if they now turned their backs upon those to whom they
owed a deep debt of gratitude.—(Hear.)
Dr. WADE seconded the resolution.

Mr. O.CoSINELL then rose, and was received with
the most enthusiastic marks of applause, which for several
minutes prevented him from speaking. The tumult having
at length subsided, the Hon. and Learned Gentleman ad-
dressed the meeting as follows :—You may believe me,
One and all--you may believe me from the bottom of your
hearts and souls, that few persons have suffered more than
I have during the present week. Added to the anxiety
that I have experienced from the reception given me by
those whom I thought friends, I have felt the torments and
the madness of slavery coming over me. I have seen the
cold-hearted sneers of many a false friend, and have had
hut few cordial salutations. Wheresoever I directed my
steps, coldness met me on my path. I have suffered,
but I have at length a consolation—this evercumhered
room—this immense assemblage, with their enthusiastic
reception and heartfelt cheers, console me for the misery
that I have been made to feel during the week.—(Loud
cheering.) Now then, let us come to business. I have
news for you, true, public, and interesting news.
The Whigs and Tories have coalesced.—(Loud groans.)
It is no invention ; they have become united, :Ind there
are no longer two parties in the country. But etas-1
mistake—yes, there are ; there are the Whigs and Tories
on one side, and the people on the ether.—(Cheers.)
They have coalesced, but the unnatural union has not
taken place, by the Tories going over to the Whigs. I
thought ri firm would make them do sa ; it was to de-
throne the Tory faction that I struggled for ref irin. I
had no personal enmity to any man—l should not have
wasted a word-1 should not have spent an atom of my
breath to turn out of office a Peel or a Wellington. What
I struggled for, was to put down a faction that was a
dead weight on the prosperity and liberty of the country;
what I struggled for, was to annihilate the aristocratic
principle, and to establish the pure principles of demo-
cr icy.—(Cheers.) It was for teat I struggled—was it
not for that you exerted yourselves?—(C eers, and cries
of " Yes, yes, it was.") Yes, I thought that Reform
would have made the Tories become Whigs—a doubtful
name, I confess, at best, is that of Whig ; hut judge of
my surprise, when I find the Whigs not only going over
to the Tories, but exceeding them in their attacks upon
liberty. No, never did Tory tyranny, upon any occa-
sion, equal the atrocity of the B II I hold in my hand.
When did the Tories make an act to suspend the trial by
jury ?--(Cries of " Never.') I perceive, by this first
resolution, that I am called upon by you to state what
will be the probable operation of this Bill in my
country. I'll tell you, calmly and coolly tell you ;
I'll speak out ; you shall have the truth, no matter
what may be the risk to me. They may, and probably
will, consign me to their dungeons. Let them do so.
The martyrdom silence of that confinement will speak
trumpet-tongued to the people, and will be a death-watch
to those who dare confine me —(Cheers.) In the fight of
Reform I have supported Ministers, not only in the chapel
of St. Stephen, but more effectually among you at your
popular meetings. I supported them, for I feared lest they
should be turned out of office.—(A cry of " It is a pity they
were not.") It would have been a pity then if they had been,
but no pity now, for you may kick them out as soon as you
please, and the sooner the better.--(Laughter and cheers.)
The reform in the representation is a nullity unless it leads
to something still more substantial—still more important
—unless it leads to that state of things, which it is my de-
sire to bring about, when no man shall be taxed who has
not a voice in the choice of those who impose the taxes-._
unless, in short, universal suffrage be established—unless,
also, the freedom of election be protected by the vote by
ballot.—(Cheers.) It was for proclaiming those truths
that I became the enemy of both factions—of Whigs and
of Tories. Both factions have joined against me and my
country, for Whigs and Tories are pretty much alike.
Stanley, it is said, is bad ; but be is nothing to Peel.
The Whigs and Tories, I repeat, have coalesced ; but it is
by the Whigs going over to the Tories, not by the Tories
going over to the Whigs.—(" Th,y are both a set of him-
bugs !") Worse, a great deal. They feed on the blood of
the people. Are you aware what the nature of this Bill
is ? In the first place, it takes away the benefit of the
Habeas Corpus Act, and provides that every human being
in Ireland may be imprisoned, not on proof of a crime,--
not for anything done by him, but because somebody else
chooses. Is that all? This is pretty well ; but it is not
all. The Juries are to he turned out of the box and the
Judges of the bench. Who are to be substituted ? A Jury
of five officer-. There must be no challenge with them,
of curse. If you challenge them, out fly their swords.
Three of them are only required to agree. There
is law ! there is Lord Grey's measure !—(Loud and
long-continued groans and hisses.) I wish to rouse
the people against this despotic measure; and I am
convinced they will defeat the factions, coalesced
though they be. I wish for no revolution, but such as
can be effected without shedding one drop of blood.
I would advise—dearly as I love liberty—l would advise
no raeasure, even in behalf of that, if I thought it would
cause the shedding of one drou of human blood. England
had a revolution in which llood was spilt—in which the
despotic Stuart was driven from his throne, and afterwards
brought to the block. I think in that they went too far,
and that banishment would have been a sufficient punish-
ment. What was the result? The nation was laid
prostrate by a military despot. We had then a Royal
Restoration. Now, Whigs and Tories are combining to
effect an oligarchical restoration ; and this mighty nation
is marked by Whigs and Tories for the prey of still
greedier wolves. Have I told you all the features of this
Bill ? Another yet rein tins—no man's house must
henceforth be his sanctuary in Ireland. Do you think
that this Bill is confined to Ireland ? Look to the fifteenth
section. You will find that witnesses may be summoned
from any part of the United Kingdom, and brought over
by the warrant of courtmartial to Ireland ; and when they
arrive, they may of course be prosecuted, so that not an
Enelishman even is safe if this Bill pass. And I am
speaking now not merely of a Bill which has been pro-
posed in the House of Commons, but of one which has
actually passed the House of Lords. They may take any
men fur a speech at a Political Union—they may take
you—(addressing the Chairman)—in consequence of this
night's
.proceedings. They may bring us—any of us
trial for things done or spoken twenty years ago.
Legitimacy is talked of; but tvhat know we of legiti-
d
mosey ? It is by the rights of legitimacy that the House
of Brunswick sits on the throne of these realms. The
Bill of Rights states, among its objects, the protection of
the
tn trial
y, and of personal liberty. Earl Grey and
rif they consent to a measure which in-
frprinciples on which the House of Bruns-
wick the throne—if they violate the real prero-
gaiisi
gcolleagues,vecame
they are traitors alike to Crown and
he s
ocit .n b
they
the
t jury,
Crown—they
people. This Bill would break the charter on which the
throne came to the King. The Sovereign ought to reign
in the hearts of the people, not to trust to bayonets.
There arc spies ahroad...there_are Paddy APKewe....and I

will read you a letter, which, I am sure, comes from
s ore such party :
" Union-court, Holborn, March 2, 1833.

" Dear Sir,—As an Irishman, and a member of the National
Union, and being resolved, together with my brother Unionists,
by all the means in my power to promote the repeal of the
Union, and consequent independence of our cruelly misgo-
verned country, I beg to inquire whether a resolution I intend
to propose at our next meeting, recommending an appeal to
arms as soon as Earl Grey's atrocious Bill shall have received
the Royal Assent, could, by the infamous and infernal Whigs,
be construed into an act of treason ? Not that asyof us care
a fig about penalties or dungeons, so long as we co ald be instru.
mental in effecting the consummation of our wishes and our
hopes—the glorious object you have so nobly sustained by the
aid of your powerful talents, despite the unmanly and in-
sidious attacks of the mercenary metropolitan press, and all
the arts of the base and crafty Whigs, and for which you have
merited the thanks and blessings not only of Irishmen, but also
of the friends of liberty throughout the world, nay, of gene.
rations yet unborn.

" Although the decided foes of anarchy, we will never
suffer the prostration of our country at the feet of any fac-
tion that ever swayed the destinies of England. We are the
friends of peace and social order, but we prefer death to
slavery; we are at your command—and if the coercive mea-
sures be not defeated by constitutional means, the example
of the Parisians shall not be lost en us.

" I am, with the greatest esteem, Dear Sir,
" Your devoted, humble Servant,
" WILLIAM SLATER."
I hope if any of my countrymen who are here received
such a letter, or hear anything of the kind, they will take
the party to a police-office. No blood will flow in Ire
land while I live for this cause ; hut Irishmen will retain
the memory of this Bill in their hearts. I wish for the
repeal of the Union, because it is desirable for Englishmen
and Irishmen alike. There are the seeds of separ ttion in
that Bill. It is exceedingly like those gagging Bills which
used to he passed in the reign of George the Third ; hut
if it is dangerous, it is not so to my country only. No :
it is dangerous to England also. Let England and Ire-
land, then, hind their causes together. You have the
same plunderers that we have. We have the same op-
pressors with you.—(Ct erre.) Stand by each other;
rouse your representatives ; state to them your wishes.
Go to the electors ; tell them not to vote for any one who
will not stand by Ireland. They shall never place the
yoke of slavery on our necks. Look at the conduct of
Irish Members in the division upon sinecures. If it had
depended upon the Irish they would have been abolished.
Englishmen love domestic security and individual libel ty ;
and these blessings will not be made less if Irishmen shoe
them. I have come to defend the cause of Ireland, and
not only that, but the cause of England also ; and if thi-
Bill were to pass to morrow, my heart would not pall. I
would still go on in my endeavours to relieve this country
as well as my own from every oppression. I would still,
notwithstanding the oppression of my country, meet
an Englis,man as a man and a brother.—(Loud cheers.)
One word more—with these feelings in my breast—with
this hatred of oppression—with this love of liberty—may
I riot be subdued by woman's weakness, and weep when I
see that they are going to enslave my countrv.—(Loud
and long continued cheering.) Mr. O'Connell soon after-
wards left the room, after which three enthusiastic cheers
were given for him.

The resolution was then passed unanimously.
Mr. Aluarnir then ruse to propose the second resolu-
tion. He had no doubt that the intention cl the Govern.
ment was to get this Bill passed in the Comin,,ns without
I,ss of time, so that it might be in operation when the
Lords should refuse—as he had no doubt they would—
the Irish Church Reform Bin.
Mr. POWELL seconded the motion.
Mr. ROGERS moved the third resolution, which was
sec-nd,st by Mr. C F. SMITH
" That the Council of this Union be immediately directed
to prepare a petition to the House of Commons, praying that
the proposed coercive measures against Ireland may be aban-
doned, and earnestly representing that the probable conse.
quence of persevering in the projected suspension of the Con-
stitution in Ireland, will be to alienate the minds of the Irish
people from the connection with England, and probably entail
on the English people the suspense and misery of a social war."

. .
Thanks were voted to the Chairman, and the meeting
separated.

STATE OF TRADE.

(From the Leeds Mercury.)

Lxros.—ln. the two market days wolt.hthe cloth-halls
have been open foe the sale of woollens, a considerable
amount has been sold, and several of our extensive mer
chants are buying more freely front the smaller rnanufac •
turers, owing, most likely to the differences about wades,
which have for a long time been unsatiifacrory both to the
worktnen and their employers. Although business in cloth
is generally good, yet a further advance in price is not
expected to Lke place. as German and Saxon wools are
becoming more plentiful in the market.
BRADFORD. —The market this week his been quite as
brisk as the two previous ones—particularly for six guar.
tern merinos. An advanced price has been generally ob-
tained, but not equal to what the manufacturers must
have if wool and yarn maintain their present prices. The
price of the former is steady. Yarns are rather higher
since last week.

We learn with much satisfaction that the manufactur-
ing firm at Bradford paragraphed in the last Leeds In
telligencer as having stopped payment is likely to pay 20s.
in the pound, the bankruptcy being only an expedient to
obtain a dissolution of partnership, without a suit in
Chancery.
HUDDERSFIELD,—No new feature this week.

ROCHDALE.-The attendance of buyers at this market
(flannel) on Monday was very slender. Low goods sold
well, but the finer qualities were heavy ; the manufacturers
are contending stoutly for an advance, but the buyers seem
unwilling to give it.
DONCASTER.-The Doncaster April fair, usually held
on the sih, is this year, on account of Good Friday fall
ing on the sth, to be holden on Thursday the 4th of that
month.

LIVERPOOL (CORN-EXCHANGE), MARCH I.—The
weather having been very boisterous, and the wind mostly
against arrival., we have to notice only a moderate fresh
supply of most articles from Ireland as well as coastways;
notwithstanding which, the trade, generally speaking, bar
exhibited little animation in the period between Tuesday
and to-day. At this morning's market, with a limited
attendan,e of buyers, no improvement was perceptible in
the demand for wheats, the trifling sales effected being ex-
clusively confined to the better qualities at the rates last
quoted. A few smaltparcels of barley have arrived from
the east coast, but the quality being indifferent, they have
not met a sale, which a prime article, being much wanted,
would have readily done; and Irish and Scotch still go off
slowly, without alteration in the currency. Malt and
beans hardly support late prices. For boiling peas there
is little inquiry, and holders are willing to take rather less
money than was lately quoted. In oats we had notbin
passing beyond the execution of a few country orders for
mewling qualities, which brought about the quotations of
Tuesday. Oatmeal and flour exceedingly dull of sale, and
secondary marks of the last r the turn cheaper.

LADY STEPNEY'S NOVEL.—" The New
Road i o Ruin " will soon be in the hands of the public.
The object of the tale is to expose and reprehend the scan-
dalous extravagance which ruins many noble families, an
the unprincipled manoeuvres by which they seek to redeem
their fortunes, but which often not only fail of their mink,
but plunge in merited infamy their originators. This, in the
present tale, is shown in the practices of a noble Lord ant
his daughter, whose plans are no less surprising than de-
grading. The picture is not over-coloured.
AFFECTING CASE.—Saturday
Stag,
evening an
inquest was Castle-lane,
Westminster,
on the body of EDME Amsattaa COSME BUE, a native of
Abbeville, in France, for some years resident in this
country. The
deceased was an elderly man, and had
served in the French are.:;: under NAPOLEON. His
mind had been lately greatly affected, in consequence of
his wife having left him, and carried off the greater part
of his property, his mother having committed suicide,
and his fancying that he was suspected of having poisoned
a lady named Alomusar, with whom he had been ac•
quainted, and who poisoned herself about two months
~go. On the morning of Tuesday week, the deceased
was found in his bed with his throat cut, and a razor by
his side, but still alive. He was removed to the West-
minster hospital, where he expired ou Thursday night.
During the time of his being in the hospital, he was in
such a state of excitement, that it was necessary to keep
on him a strait waistcoat. The details of the case ex-
cited a melancholy feeling in all present.— Verdict, In-
sanity. The deceased has left one daughter, in a state of
insanity.

(From the Afessager des Chambres of March IL)
PARIS, MARCH I.—Tee Moniteur of to-day contains
the note addressed by Lord Palmerston and Prince Tal-
-1 yrand to the Dutch Ambassador on the 14th February.
It gives also the several plans for an arrangement necessa-
rily proposed to Holland since the taking of the citadel of
Antwerp. They prove, that without departing too far
f onl the spirit of the treaty of the 15th of November, he
t.vo Cabinets have tried every thing that was possible to
induce King William to come to an agreement.
Orders have just been sent by the Minister of Marine
to the Prefect of Toulon to fit out several transports, ~nd
every preparation seems to be making in that port for an
important expedition. The Minister, who, some weeks
ay
a
tlgniee((at,jr,,pishioeoeercrr(s,sti,te,,naardttereoderic
,litaiaoaivlsetbeev:fi
recourse,nt of seamen to he taken from the first
hashe
o jnGusitti,:f. utnilteehsetdoe rßeoi;xrae,Ardiyi,
Fiance,
7rliticcoeie,
theo
ortn:
intethi air:odrdpeeergriausayiseao?f,
to complete the contingent required. The Government
e
voyages to Algiers and the African Coasts
f the Duchess of Berry to retire to No,les, Was generally
known at Paris some days ago. The King of Naples, who
is the Duchess's brother, engages that she shall not quif
his dominions. An offer has then made to the Emperor
of Austria to receive the Duchess at Prague With some
conditions, but his Imperial Majesty did not think fit to
accept the charge proposed to him.
The Gazette says—" M. de Chateaubriand obtained
yesterday a popular oblation as brill ant as that of the el ys
of July. Workmen, women of the lower orders went in
crowds to meet him, as be left the Court of Ju'tice. Cries
were heard of IChaieaubriand for ever !" T, e Liberty of
the Press for ever !' They wanted to take the bores from
his carriage. The multitude amounted to 2 or 3.000 per-
sons. All the organs of the independent press have done
justice to the genius of our great nations! writer ; and M.
Purel himself thought it necessary, before he commenced
his attack, to speak of his admiration of M. de Cuateau-
hriand.

" The verdict of acquittal is a peat victory. There in
at least one twin in France who enj,ys the right of discus-
sion in its fullest extent, and who may draw all the infe-
rences from the principles of the national sovereignty, which
Barthe wanted to confiscate."

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES—SITTING OF FEB. 28.
M. Dupin took the Chair at one o'clock.
After the proces-verbal had been read and adopted,
the President stated that be had received a letter from M.
Montbel, ex-Minister of Charles X., forwarding some ex•
planation, to be laid be ore the Chamber, relative to the
payments made to the troops on the 27. h, 28th, and 29th
July, 1830. As the Chamber had already oisposed of that
question, be (the Presiden') concluded that all he could
do with the letter would be to send it to the Chamber of
Peers, which had now cognizance of the financial bill in
which these payments wet e comprised After some
unimportant observa,ions the suggestion was adopted.
M. Duchatel, a newly-elected deputy, took the oath and
his seat.

The discussion of the Budget of Finances was then
resumed.

The Minister of Finance renewed his promise, that a
bill entirely reoreatlizing the Sinkine Fund, and also
laying down a plan for the reduction of the interest of the
public debt, should be laid before the Coamber with the
budget of 1834. On the la ter point, the principal
fea-
:urrs of the bill would be the conversion of the the per
cents. into four per cents., by means of a small increase
of capital ; those who re used to accept the conversion
vithin a cert.in time to he paid off, and the funds neces.
nary b,r that purpose to be raised by a loan, towards which
hr 50,000,0001. of the Sinkine Fund, specially devoted
to the redemp;ion of the five per cents., iv, uh, be a ppl ied.
This bill would be presented so as to come into operation
in a very few months.

SITTING OF Illmccit 2.
At half-past one o'clock 111. Bei enler, Vic,-Pres4l,nt,
took the chair.

Alatquet, a Jus•ice of Peace at Issavolon. called on
the House to devise some preventative and repressive mea-
sure against duelling. The petitioner, a'ter an mtdv rting
at some length on that birharous custom, expresse i a de_
Sire that a special Jury. of men wed acquainted with the laws
f honour, should he instituted for the purpose of th•ciding
nip. of that nature.

['he reporter rendered justice to the philanthropy of M.
Marquee, and deplored with htui the exis enee of a scourge
o ustrimental to society. He thought that some legisla.
'ive measure ought to be adopted to prevent dueiline, and
prnpsed that the petition he sent to the Minister of Justice.
M. Taillaudier said that doubts existed is better the penal
code punished duelling, and quoted sever ,I c ises in w• ich
the Royal Courts of France and ,he Court of Cessation
were at variance on the subject, and ccncluded by calling
the attention of the Minister of Justice to the tn itter.
The order of the day W 4., nevertheless, adopted.
After M. Leonault had concAoled his report,
Marshal Soule, President of the Council, ascended the
,ribune, and read a project of law, by which the King
proposed to grant the widows of Generals Duhoone, Dau-
mesnil, and Decaen, a yearly pension of 6,000 francs, in
consideration of the eminent services rendered to France
their heciands, which the Minister enumerated at great
length.
Alter Marshal Souk bad left the tribune,
M. Dupin said that, in giving notice of his intention
to claim a pension of 6,000 francs fur the widow of the
brave Daumesnil, he had intended to accomplish an en-
gagement taken on his grave by his fellow-comrades, in
the view of the very ramparts he had so gloriously de-
fended. He then recapitulated the military services of
Daumesnil—mentioned the loss of his leg at Wagoarn—
his noble defence of Vincennes in 1814—and his reply to
the Russian Commissioners, " I shall surrender Vin-
cennes when you return me my leg." After Waterloo,
that sad and ever to be deplored day—(Applause)-.-
Daumesnil declined accepting a million of francs which
were offered him by the Allies of his King to surrender
his trust. Daumesnil died poor, and an annuity of 1,500
:reties was his widow's only source, to support a family
of three children. He was happy to find that the Go-
vernment bad adopted his views, and supported the grant.
M. Guizot, Minister of Public Instruction, then gave
communications of another project of law, having for its
object to grant similar pensions to the widows of C'uvier,
Chesy, Saint-Martin, Abel, Remuset, and Champolion ;
and demanded a credit of 70,000 ft ancs to purchase the
library (17,500 volumes) of Cuvier, and another of
50,000 francs for the manuscripts of Champollion.

(From Galignani's Messenger of Saturday.)
We have received by express the Austrian Observer
of the 22d ult., which contains the following note, ad-
dressed by the Austrian Ambassador to the Reis Offendi.
The Porte had already received direct inform,ition, con-
firming the pacific news it contains. Ibrahim Pdcha had
.tapped the march of his army, and declared himself ready
to conclude an armistice:—

CONSTANTINOPLE, FEB. 7.—1 hasten to announce to
your Excellency, that by Lieutenant-General Muravieff, who
has returned from Alexandria, I have received from his Ma-
jesty's Consul-General a report, by which he informs me of the
manner in which he has executed the instructions I had the
honour to transmit to him on the part of my Court, under
date of January 6. These instructions reached M. d'Acerby,
by a sloop of war, in sufficient time for him to combine his
proceedings with those of General Muravieff, and Mehemet
Ali was thus enabled to convince himself of the perfect iden-
tity of the views of the two Courts, of the invariable friend-
ship of the Emperor, my master, to the Grand Signior, and
lastly of the warm interest he takes in whatever is connected
with the welfare of this empire. Mehemet Ali positively de-
clared to the Austrian Consul-General that he was ready to sub-
mit to his legitimate Sovereign, from whom he was expecting
further orders. He received with the highest distinction
Halil Pacha, who had been charged with overtures by the
Porte, and has sent to his son positive order► to arrest his
march. In transmitting this intelligence to your Excellency,
I flatter myself that you will perceive in the communication a
fresh proof of the real interest that the Emperor takes in the
restoration of peace and good order in the Ottoman empire,
as well as of the efficacy of his efforts to contribute thereto.

" I have the honour, &c.
" OTTENFELS."
_ .

The Augsburg Gazette of the 26th ult. cootail; the
billowing of the 21st, from Vienna, which confirms the
intellieence contained in the note of M. Ottenfels to the
Reis Effendi, already given :—" By an extraordinary cou-
rier, despatched on the Bth from Constantinople, by the
Austrian Ambassador to the Porte, we learn that official
notice has been received at Constantinople from Asia
Minor of Ibrahim Pacha having stopped his march at
Kiutakia, and declared himself willing to conclude an
armistice, in consequence of orders hum his father, who
has been induced by the Russian General Muravieff, and
M. d'Acerbi, the Austrian Consul General at Alexandi is,
'o accede to the proposals of the Sultso. This news has
caused incredible joy among the inhabitants of the caprfars
The same paper states, that according to commercial
etters from Odessa, part of the Russian fleet in the port
of Sebastopol sailed on the 10th ult. to be at the disposal
of the Grand Signior.
a letter
from that capital, protested a
The French Ambassador
Russia ;
de arcane threatened the
and it is even asserted that /U..
ta.,t,nople ii it accepted such succour.
Porte to leave Cons i
Meta°live+ ft per Cents. ar. quoted 90 1 ; ditto
per Cents. 79 7-8.
The fear that Ministers would be Mud by the Corn.
gataiCnsT:itle":Silis°lPaille_C'et says
