*axes, the repeal of which would give prescnt rcliet and
stimulate to future production.
The Bill war then real a third time and passed.
SUBLETTING ACT (IRELAND).

Lord MELBOURNE laid on the table a Bill f...`!‘ '..*Linend
the Sub-letting Act, which, his Lordship 'o:oiained, was
similar to the former Bill, with some
It was ordered to be read a 5.....c0n0 time on the 23d inst.
and to be painted.
At Seven o'clock theic T—ordships adjourned.

.......e,

POLAND.

TO THE EDITOR VF THE SUN.

1683, when Vienna was reduced to the
last extremity, and the Governor, Ntehremburg, had
announced the necessity of er ing, if not re-
lieved in three days, thn 'eloquent historian Sal.
vandy thus describes the effect pradtfs'ed by tin I
sudden appearance the Polish tre.-tiy
:
" One evenisig the sentinel, who was on the
watch at th.e top of tho steeple of S,. S•ephen, per•
ceived a blazing `dame on the summits of the Ca-
lerritsarg ; soon after an army was scut; preparing to
dascend 'the ridge. Every teiss;eope was non
Locoed in that direction, and from the brilliancy of
their lances and the splendour of their banners, it ,
was easy to see that it was the ffussers of lloland,.
AO redoubtable to the Osrnanlis, who were approach-
ing.
sovereigns, generals, and the soldiers of the Im-
perialists received the illustrious chief, whom Heaven
bad sent to their relief. Before his arrive?. discord
reigned in their camp, but all now z-ictded obedience
to the Polish hero." The strigainary tight that
followed; the victory that was obtained over the t
Turkish forces; the benefits that resulted from that
victory to Europe and the Christian wed sl, have made
the name of Poland glorious through al time.
" The cause of Europe, of Christianirv, of
civilization," says Salvandy, " had prevailed, the
ssave of the Messulman power had retired, and re-,
tired never to return." Englishmen llt is the same
Poland which then saved Europe, that is now itself
envirotted by dangers, and looks, but looks in vain,
for succour ! It is the same Austria whose capital
was then saved by this heroic people, that now looks
on with cold indifferente at the progress of The
Russian arms ! It is the same Christian Europe that
in 1683 was rescued from slavery, from Turkish
despotism, from Mussulmaa tyranny, by Polish
bravery, that in 1831 witnesses the agony of that
illustrious nation, attd gives nothing—but weds of
pity. If in former ages Poland .bad confined
herself to words of pity, Vienna would have now
been an heap of ruins; the Turk would have trampled
on Europe, the crescent of Mahomet would have
waved triumphant over the cross of Christ S But
not with words of pity, riot with unmeaning pro-
fessions, did Poland assist her Allies ! She spoke
in their behalf through the thunder of her cannon,
and advocated their rights by the shock of her
lances ! She sent as an avenger John Sohiesid, of
whom the Priest exclaimed in theca hedral of Vienna,
" There was a man sent from Heaven, and his name
was John." L'ttle did Sobieski, little did the
gallant band of heroes, who attended him on
his triumphant progress through the streets
of Vienna, amidst the thanks and enthusiastic gra-
titude of the liberated Austrians; little did they sus-
pect that on some future day their descendants
should be threatened with destruction; and that
ungrateful Austria should not merely abstain from
assis•ing them, but even appear to countenance
their oppressors.
When 1 reflect on the glories of Poland—when I
consider the deep debt of gratitude owed her by
Europe ;—and when, on the other hand, I reflect on
the passive apathy with which free and Christian
States have seen her insulted, partitioned, devas-
tated, but yet not subdued in spirit—for what can
subdue the spirit of men determined rather to die as
freemen than to live as slaves-1 feel shame for
Europe, shame for England, shame for the Chris-
tian world.

1 mean no dispaiagement to Belgium, but surely
Poland has much higher claims on Frane, atta Eng-
land than the Belgians have.. Shall future history
say that France sent her armies, that 111# gland sent
her fleet, to decide a contest about protocols in Bel-
gium; but that at the same moment Poland,
after having, s ith unexampled heroism defended
the independence of her territory, was in the
mortal agony of her glory; and yet the fleets and
armies of England and Fiance, ‘s hich could go to de-
fend protocols in Belgium, could not be sent to de-
fend Polish liberty and existence. Shall scoffing
:Aid deriding posterity say, that these two great
Powers could limit the boundaries of Holland, yet
not dHre to check the encroathments of Russia—
could feel sympathy for the merchants of Antwerp,

. . .
but none for the freemen of Warsaw—could drive

the Dutch from Belgium, but could not expel the
Russians from the land that gave birth to So-
bieski and Kosciusko ? England and France have
guaranteed the safety of Antwerp—have they gua-
ranteed the safety of Warsaw ? Have they told the
Russian General that the first bomb thrown into
Warsnto shall be the signal for the march of a
French army ?
But, say the renders of France, and the fund-
holders of England, the gentlemen whose object, as
an intelligent correspondent of the Morning Chro-
nicle observes, is not national glory, but—three per
vents. at nine/31! Oh, say they, in Belgium there is
trade, commerce, and the expense of a war with
Holland will be trifling, and we may chance to get
reimbursed by the Dutch coffers—but to march far
north, to set out on a Quixotic expedition about liberty
and freedom, why, it is a pretty poetical rhapsody,
but who would seriously think of it ? But, gentle-
men rentiers and fundholders, do you think you
Lave no interest in establishing an independent king.
darn between the great empires of Europe ? Are
you so short-sighted as not to see how the peace of
Europe would be consolidated, if the ancient king-
dom of Poland was established as a barrier between
the great monarchies of the continent ? Gentlemen
renders, go to your books, and calculate the gain of
this, and then give your opinion on the Polish ques-
tion.

-But whilst the rentiers calculate, and diplomatists
debate, unfortunate Poland bleeds, perhaps expires !
Ere this, in all probability, the Russian masses
threaten Warsaw, and the conflict rages round that
city; that if it falls, it will full gloriously, and in a
manner becoming the capital of a nation of heroes
and patriots, admits not of a doubt. But, mean-
while, let Englishmen, let Europe, remember, that
from the walls of Warsaw, as did the Austrian from
those of Vienna in days of yore, the free Pole looks
out each day for succour. For the honour of Eng-
land and of Europe, may he not look out in vain.
Let me, in conclusion, Sir, exhort the British
public, through the medium of your impartial Jour-
nal, to manifest, without delay, their opinions in
this cause. Time press: s; each day, each hour, is
of importance to the cause of Poland. Let me hope
that public meetings will be called without delay
throughout the empire.
Let the Government see that if they interfere in
savour of Poland, the nation, as one man, will
'econd their measures; and let a voice go forth
from the freemen of England that shall startle the
Northern Autocrat, and check the progress of his
armies Your obedient servant.
ALPHA.

---
Dr. PARts's little work, called "Philosophy
in Sport made Science in Earnest," is now generally
adopted at almost all the fashionable seminaries in and
round the metropolis as a class-book. No work recently
published conducts the young reader in so amusing, and it
may be safely asserted in so delightful, a manner, to use-
ful and solid information. The work is illustrated by
CRUIKSTIANK with his usual felicity.

A letter from Amsterdam states that the mer-
chants of that city have shown the greatest enthusiasm in
subscribing towards a patriotic loan to defray the expences
of carrying on the war, or, at least, in assisting to do so.
Subscribers' signatures were received on the Exchange,
and within one hour six millions of florins (about half h
million sterling) were subscribed. The war there, as in
most of the maritime towns, was extremely populir.
