R..
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.
I
r.-- 11 It Vps T7--=Vri,
- u x
,41 _
_, 14-
7.
,:e.::,. .:,,
jj'-`11c):::,_
(7.._.,......-
) 4 ',::0:,,:,:::-
~,„„
_
, (.:. • , oi
..."
0f,,,, I**.-s'''''''''. 4'-. y ' -,
.
,
•r.,,. -,---,--,-..:,,,,414 \
kvA S . ,
*k) P • .1). r, • 1
:-
~„„,..-*. ~ p 'I •4, - ,', 0N - - ,f....97-4_,-,_ ''
Me l' -,4llkiZte tpiii, I '
t .
- - ...awl* a nay in point of
!!.....-_,=_l.
14.,a 1,0,...:-vrts were made from, and in every quiver, .
'is in nirt;,,,,i... c__ ,:,......_ ..c ....I—;..;nn Into the

HOUSE OF LORDS, FIB. 4.
path. "'I been known that his Majesty would open
rent in person to-day, preparations were made for
h'seption in the House of Lords. The day being un-
"elmq fine, indeed quite a summer's day in point of
Wpm
1464..., e.fforts were spade from, and in every quarter,
house" in particular, for tikets of admi.ion into the
iceor,.*Pd Painted Chambtrc. All the s
tickets were
peeted'unirly very soon disposed of, and many who had ex-
aceteents' otit:thgeaminspives admissionby
0,14' into the interior were obliged to
some forming ranks in Parliament-
others in getting into the houses there, from
0;ivo all evinced the greatest anxiety to see the pro-
thepil•ei it passed alone. At an early hour
tokttnted Chamber, and inside of the House of Lordsovere
inePeeeesaion of by ladies, in vast nuinbers,which rapidly
opZed as the time of his Majesty's making his appearance
IWims ;l
eci) Until all corners were literally crammed. The
dooeung and old, all vied with each other in the splen-
p44:l their dresaes, and in the profusion of their elegant
eon" • The prevailing colours of the dresses were
Prineiplaaiiblue, light pink, and primrose, and the feathers
the--Y white! The Ambassadors' box was occupied
,assn members of the diplomatic body, amongst whom
top eed Prince Talleyrand, who entered at a quarter past
trte:hnd who walked and looked remarkably well, Prince
Baron Bulow, M. De Bacourt, Chief Secretary
Wherthi°o to the French Embassy, and numerous others.
'frostrthice Talleyrand walked across the House, in
to Gf the Throne, much curiosity was manifested
Peste the veteran statesman by the lathes, the
PaeNenUarber of whom rose from their seats fur the
LEarl Grey was in the House early, appeared in
ratok-b health and spirits, and received the warm con-
411Ch'Ile of many Peers. At about half-past one the
PreekL"an"lior entered at the lower door, attended and
41ao7of,ibY his suite ; he likewise looked extremely well.
1414416 "e other Members of his Majesty's Government
to this House were present, and took their
efilish;tson the front Ministerial Bench. The Bench
IPersisi—Pi Ives More fully occupied by the Prelates than
eletcleher having seen for some years on the day of
tat, a tat Parliamentary Session. There were present
towzehhishop of Canterbury and the Bishops of
itrereford, Chichester, Rochester, Llandaff, &c. &c.
billitutes past two his Majesty entered the House
dlcgl'la' salute of artillery from Cotton-garden. He
.441141:1), to the throne with a firm step, dressed in the
,7tioet,_-°llO Admiral. He delivered his speech with great
'fltlt --"S„ although be was frequently interrupted
lettod 'ity troublesome cough, with which he was greatly
Ike Iteo,,When he arrived at the part which related to
'44.74 of the
.Union, he expressed himself in the most
Therre Planner
Lordships then adjourned during pleasure.
The Lo-

(No. 2,919.)

important topics adverted to by his Majesty in bis most
gracious speech.—(Hear, hear, h:ear.) My Lords,
the thing before us k wilo, the subject is ex-
tensive, and I have no hesitation in saying, much

might be wade of it in able bands. My Lords, I shall
merely endeavour to fo.lqw, in order, but very briefly, the
principal topics of the speech from the throne, in ac-
cordance with which I shall have the honour of proposing

an address to his Majesty from your Lordships. It is
gratifying, my Lords, in the first place, for us to assure
his Majesty, that our z‘tal, devotion, and firmness, in
support of the constitution and the state, will justify
the expectations of the country, and the confidence
and the reliance of his Majesty in our loyalty and
patriotism. My Lords, in turning to the history of the
past year, it cannot but be considered that the measure
for the abolition of slavery has been most honourable to
this country, and must give the highest gratification to
those who hive carried through a measure of so consola•
tory a description with so much difficulty. My Lords,
the speech of the late Governor-General of Jamaica, and
I am happy that that Noble Lord has had an opport"nity
of making that speech--( Hear)—bears ample testimony to
the happy consequences of that great measure.—(Hear.)
My Lords, among the subjects to which our attentive con.
sideration is called, none to my mind is more important. or
beset with more difficulty than the poor laws. The evils
of their administration are too wriking not to be und.r.
stood, snd are too notorious to require illustration. They
have led to degradition and ruin, and their amendment

must require the exercise of the soundest judgment, at
the same time avoiding all hasty measures. From the

hope expressed by his Majesty for the continuance of peace,
no Noble Lord present I apprehend can dissent.
It will be honourable to every one, and will he the means
of advancing materially the progress of civilization. My
Lords, the state of affairs abroad ha 4 been such as would,
in many former periods, have occasioned a general war.
We have, however, happily been preserved from such a
calamity, and I trust we may still continue to be so. The
friendly terms that exist between this country and France,
and the mutual feeling of common interest that exists
between u', are most important to both countries.
The present system of the French Administration shows
itself to be one of moderation, one whose utmost
wish is to support national prosperity, and preserve order,
and my only wish is that success may attend them. If

▪ ti,„ CHANCELOR. took his seat on the Woolsack
The attet r Past 5 o'clock.
tetalleeL-113'1'2,nce of the Peers was more scanty than we
peL on __
eelpttl At`nY previous occision like the present. The
l• boeer "inhere of the Ministerial party present were
WM, itel4," 'seconder, Earl Grey, the Duke of Rich-
_ of Lansdowne and Westminster, Lord
fCI 4e. ; and those of the Opposition were the
Idroeunt,'sloucester, Cumberland, and Wellington, Lords
4l "6,11„"leY, Roden, and Kenyon.
GREY moved the first reading of the Select

in other countries, my Lords, we see progressive improve-
ments, education endeavoured to be advanced, the arts
studied, and peace encouraged, and that, too, among a
warlike people, how much more must we rejoice to see
such things as I have adverted to, amongst so enlightened
a nation as France. My Lords, it is full time that the
calamities and disputes which have existed in Poland
between the nearest ties of blood should cease. If any
question existed as to the right of succession in that
kingdom, every man, I believe, will agree with me in say-
ing that there could never be any doubt as to the perfidy
that was exercised in the attempt to maintain it. In this
country, I believe, and in every other, but one feeling of
indignation prevails on that subject. No one, my Lords,
I believe, can doubt that the speedy succession of the
Spanish Monarch and constitution was most desirable.
The disputes between Holland and Belgium no one
can hesitate to say should, be settled.—(Hear, hear.)
We most cordially, my Lords, I believe, agree in
considering that with respect to other parts of
Europe, the assistance of this country in the regulation of
their affairs, when properly afforded, may give a reasonable
hope for the amendment and improvement of the general
tranquillity ot• the country. At home, my Lords, it is
most satisfactory to state that the general aspect of the
country may be considered most prosperous.—(Hear.)
The Noble Duke alluded to the state of Ireland, where the
evil spirit was operating unhappily to counteract all the
benefits which that country was indisputably gaining in
many points, agricultural as welt as others. His Majesty
could not have evinced his love for that portion of
his subjects, and for the peace and prosperity of his entire
kingdom, more than by the resolution he has come to of
maintaining the union of the two countries—( Hear, bear)
—indissolubly as the only security for their peace, and the
only preventive to separation—(Hear, bear)—a resolu-
tion he (the Noble Duke) felt sure, the whole country at
large wou'd cooperate in, and zealously, too, so that no
means should be left untried to secure such a desirable
end.—(Hear, hear.) The Noble Duke did not feel that he
could advert more fully to the speech from the throne.
The Noble Duke concluded by moving an address, which
was, as usual, an echo of the King's speech.
Lord HOWARD of EFFINGHAM seconded the mo-
tion, and expressed his full concurrence with the Noble
Duke who had just sat down. He considered the view of tbe
separate topics in his Majesty's speech as a sound one ;
and he (Lord Howard) should therefore concur in all that
had fallen from the Noble Duke. He should more particu-
larly allude to the disadvantages which would accrue to the
entire kingdom from a repeal of the Legislative Union.
In fact, it would lead to the total dismemberment of the em-
pire ; and if any attempt should be made to forward such a
measure, he trusted that there would be ample support found
to counteract and defeat—(Hear)—ouch an attempt. He
hoped that in the consideration of such measures as would
be brought br,fore their Lordships, the alteration in the
state of the country, from the recent diffusion of know-
ledge, would be duly weighed, and those measures be
made conformable to that alteration.—(Hear.) The
Noble Lord concluded by seconding the address.
The Duke of WELLINGTON, after hearing Iris Ma-
jesty's speech read, as well us those delivered by the Noble
Lords opposite, could not let the opportunity pass
without making a few observations. The speech
from the throne contained as little as any speech that
was ever addressed from the throne to that House. It
was impossible, from that speech, to judge whether the
Government, as a Government, was going to bring for-
ward any measure that it embraced. From the speeches
of the Noble Duke and the Noble Lord opposite, be could
collect that some measures were to be brought forward by
Government ; but they could only have learned that
from their connection with Government, and not from
anything that was contained in the speech.—(Hear.)
The fist topic contained in the speech, and also brought
under• their Lordships' notice by the Noble Lords opposite,
was the abolition of West India slavery. No man more
rejoiced in tbe success which it was said that measure had
met with than he did. He bad opposed it from the first
to the last while it was before the House; but could it be
made positive to him that it had met with all the
success that the speech and the Noble Lords said it had,
he would be most happy at once to say, he had been lids.
informed—that he had been deceived on the subject.
However, he was most afraid, that the misinformation
would yet be found on the other side. True, the Legis-
lature of Jamaica (end he granted that it was of great
importance) bad passed a law adopting the Bill of the last
year•. But then, it must be recollected, that that was all
that had been done. No new laws had been enacted by
which to carry its provisions into effect. Nothing bad
been done; no provisions had been made for the'
new state of society which it was sure to create.
While that remained to be completed, he could
not see that the measure deserved to be called so successful
as it had been called by the Noble Lords. He could
not see the state of affairs had been yet in any manner
altered, nor was it a state of affairs upon which he could
congratulate his Majesty. The next point in the speech
was, that of peace, and he assured the House
that no man was more sensible of its advantages
—no man was more anxious for its continuance
than himself, nor did any man better know
the absolute necessity this country had for its blessings. It
was the duty of this country not only to maintain
peace itself, but to do all in its power—and it was
great—to maintain it in rather countries. That, Govern-
ment had not done.—(Hear, and cheers, from the Oppo-
sition.) He had before explained his views on the ques-
tion of the relation in which Holland and Belgium stood to
each other, and they now stood in precisely the same
state as they had done for the last two and a half
years, and he very much feared that they would do so
for two years more. It was impossible for Holland,
as an independent kingdom, to settle the question
while it stood as at present.—(Hear, hear.) Then
with respect to Spain and Portugal, he bad frequently
taken occasion to state his views on the war in the latter
country, and he repeated that it was kept up merely by
means of this country. In order to prove his position, he
wou!d call their Lordships' attention 'lto the address of
last session. Their Lordships prayed that his Majesty
would take such steps as would effectually preserve the
neutrality his Government professed. His Majesty
did nut exactly approve of that address, and halt
given an answer which it did not become him, nor would
he say one word about it. That address was voted at a pe-
riod when the people that be complained of bad gained a

t ADDRESS TO HIS MAJESTY.
k 114,,
caLL°emy. speech was then read by the LORD
k, and afterwrrds by one of the Clerks of the
follow • :
/,'lll LORDS AND GENTLEMEN,
dinth d YOu again together for the discharge of your
os-niletUtl:, I rely with entire confidence on Your zeal and
esusr. sincere devotion to the public interests, and
ti the juin• n
. s.upporting, on its ancient foundations, and
"Of gmtribution of its powers, the established Constitu.
e State.
;Set), qualities eminently distinguished your labourse
e lan Session in which more numerous and mor
mitaentl• tlestions were brought under consideration of Par.
" Of tthh..an during any former period of similar duration.reeei
vd the
"Ueasures which have, in consequence,
hatmi" the
„... Legislature, one of the most difficult and im.
whiff Lrie Bill for the Abolition of Slavery. The manner
bt 13 "'at
beneficent measure has been received throughout
In --A colonies and the progress already made in carrying
4.114111-t°JhelnecUtion by' the Legislature of the island of Jamaica,
Vounds for anticipating the happiest results.
.-"Y other
The he
--ghat Consider ion Portant subjects will still call for your most
at.
'"e Conti Which I will order to be laid before you from
Pal aPPointed to inquire into the state of the m-
kor laws,e4"ll3, into the administration and effect of t hue
England Laacrvl/4,nit° ecclesiastical revenues and patronage in
kkraation b cal Mot fail to afford you much useful in.
tdexten'toY which you will be enabled to judge of the nature
ber the necessary :lasting defects and abuses, and in whatman-
"t k_
neficially ectious may, in due season, be safely and
4 It has been the constant aim of my policy to secure to my
Ibbe the uninterrupted enjoyment
this I have been much assisted*hie,of
the blessings of peace.
has been so happily establish by
between
o dm
y understanding
Government
arid
hiethat of France; and the assurances which I receive of the
b 1.4,111, disposition of the other Powers of the Continent give
'seollfidence in the continued success of my endeavours.
40;1 have, however, to regret that a final settlement between
tiyiland and Belgium has not yet been effected, and that the
lv,„,War in Portugal still continues. You may be assured
that
whiellhe careful and anxious to avail myself of any opportunity
of
at, may afford me the means of assisting the
establishment
dre Le 0f security and peace in countries the interests of which
hitirilately connected with those of my
Spain, I n
did not heSi-
dln.
tate tiolPon the death of the late Kingh
of
fnfSaPnalt daughter ; and I
bhi:ateh with the greatest solicitude the progress of events
*lsitlla3, affect a Government, the peaceable settlement of
eth .f the first importance to this country, as well as to
~"",m2 oeral tranquillity of Europe.
With We Peace of Turkey, since the settlement that was made
441riet Ali, has not been interrupted ; and will not,bl
ke.t oe threatened with any new danger. It will be my o -
ott:r"ent any change in the relations of that empire.with
owers Which might affect its future stability and inde-
1114ence,

,i G..
4t CsITLEMEN OF TIIE HOUSE OF COMMONS,
laid before directed the estimates for the ensuing year to be
,trlet e you. They have been framed with the view to. the.
est economy, and to such reductions as may not be lIIJU-
-RISs
to the public service.
' I
Oaraconflflent I
444 nH. the cheerful may rely on your enlightened patriotism,l
~Ie means 'Which acquiescence of my people for supplying
may be required to uphold the honour of my
livn and the interest of my dominions.
tilelrThe amounts which will be laid before you of the state of
l'anstevenue' az Compared with the expenditure, will be found
- ktisfactory,
,I
-‘, I
,Mir Loans aND GENTLEMEN,
ptn,2. nave to lament the continuance of distress amongst the -vnetor
arille _ and occupiers of land ; though in other respects th
4447 the
c°untrY, bOth as regards its internal tranqeunielolinty
.
rate entnraerce and manufactures, affords the most
" tr'sPect of progressive improvement.
vitti eaitts Passed in the last session for carrying into effect
°,1411"„--"arY and remedial measures in Ireland are now in
irok ttt)", and further improvements may be expected to. result
414 et,„e eerninissions which have been issued for other impo -
~ 'lacts of inquiry.
atilitturitez°lnrnend to you the early consideration of such a finalas
hay t:ltt of the tithes in that part of the United Kingdom
to the ti
hinfluish all just of comaint,
lagitiltitz,,
n altd Property causes
of any clas of my subjects,without orinjury to any
"''ll
the PUblic Church or State.
s't:e tranquillity has been generally preserved, and
Whole, te °f all the Provinces of Ireland presents, upon .
'14,414 :hebllasUch more favourable appearance than at any period
~ ' gut I , t Year.
lotatio: ..,ave seen with feelings of deep regret and just in_
of
utat eo " trie continuance of attempts to excite the people This
nd utfintrY to demand a repeal of the Legislative Union.
de.
elated °lir national strength and safety I have alreadynl .
ng
°tbivilf,,,Y,,fixed and unalterable resolution, under the esi
in
'nY pus,;` 'rovidence to maintain inviolate by all the meansdoubt
ti er, in
ray zealous and Support of tis determination
Pla
PeoPle. effectual co-operationcrramment and
t 'To th
-jou to e Practices which have been used to produce disaffec.
the Petiole State, and mutual distrust and animositbetweetnne
the r! Of the two c nt ies is chiefly to be attributedtin a
beat de°-...4antbordinationouwhrich, though for the present
tooeA hie in ee controlled
t, p many istances.
by the power of the law, has been but
tAticm o,hanne More than to the deluded instruments of the agia-
"Pirit „`"t4 Perniciously excited is the continuance of such
nniteWe'ductive of the most ruinous consequences ; and the
can end
Zda°!„tlitledGvoiretnumseenxte,rrions of the loyal and well.affed
are imperiously required to pu
tnzes,jiral of excitement and violence which, while it confotil:
',Mit i destrUctive of the peace of society, and, if success b
tkitettlittez,itablY prove fatal to the power and safety of t e
''nildom,,,
The b ,
L°rds, LuKecd SUTHERLAND then rose and said—My
%how t'e indulgence which your Lordships never fail to
I. oho W 144 on 1,0 occasion more required thin the present.
t° urge(ld) my Lords, be at all times most unwilling
.hi, my opinions on the attention of your Lord-
very lilt, ititleed I o
nus frankly confess that I attach
they Witio importance .•
to them, and feel confident that
inn, znould be totally uninteresting to your Lordships
whicti Y Lords, there are occa-iona and circumstances in
, 14 due 11.11 OU Id consider that I was not properly discharging
tiit,nte I did not declaie to your Lordships the sen-
ds,la. that I entertain upon them. That occasion, my
now. 4 the prevent, and therefore it is that I do not hesitate
141,411'7 come forward to claim the indulgenie of your
illi while I state my opinions upon some of tbt,
