DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.

New 5 per Cent.
India Stock
Ditto Bonds 30'29 pm.
South Sea Stock 93%
Old Annuities
New Ditto
SI per Cent. Ann. 1751 -
Ex. Bills, £l,OOO 5O 51 pm.
Ditto.---,500 50 51 pm.
Ditto Small
Ditto Commercial —pm
Ditto Advertised Pm.
Bank for Account .. ......
for Account
Cone. for Account ' 67%

AT a NUMEROUS MEETING of the
ANTI-SLAVERY DELEGATES from the
Country, already arrived in Town, to consider the course
which at this crisis ought to be followed in reference to
the amended plan of emancipation before the public, it
was resolved, nemine dissentiente, That assuming the
plan published in the Times newspaper, of the 13th May
instant, to be authentic, this plan does not recognize
the right of the slave to his liberty, " without
delay and without condition," as explained in the Memo-
rial of the Delegates of the 18th of April last; and it is,
therefore, in the opinion of this Meeting, neither " safe
nor satisfactory," This Meeting does, consequently, repeat
its fixed determination not to relax its exertions, indivi-
dually or collectively, to obtain the entire and inimediate
abolition of Slavery throughout the British dominions.
(Signed) WILLIAM KNIGHT, Chairman.

AT a MEETING of the BIRMINGHAM
ANTI- SLAVERY COMMITTEE and others
favourable to this object, held at the Public Office, May
13, 1833,
Rev. WILLIAM MARSH in the Chair,

RESOLVED UNANIMOUSLY,
That as the measures proposed by Government for the abo-
lition of slavery do not recognize the right of the slave to his
liberty " without delay and without condition," this meeting
considers them neither " safe nor satisfactory," and must re-
peat their determination to persevere in endeavouring to ob-
tain the immediate emancipation of the Slaves in the British
Colonies.
That letters be addressed to the Members for this town, and
the northern division of the county, respectfully requesting
them to support such measures as may be brought forward in
Parliament in conformity with the above resolution.
(Signed) W. MARSH, Clerk, Chairman.

EPiir k-fAt *tat,

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, MAY 14, 1833.

Yesterday, at half -past two o'clock, we thought
we were justified by various accounts which had
reached our office, in announcing that the Meet-

. _
ing of the Working Classes, under the auspices
of the National Union, which was appointed to

take place at Coldbath-Bolds yesterday, at one
o'clock, had not taken place. After the para-

graph stating this fact had been put into type,
we were compelled to announce, both in our
first and second editions, that the peace of the

metropolis had been unfortunately broken. We
have given elsewhere the account of the riot,
and the examination at the Police-office, of some
or the men taken. We are thoroughly per-
suaded, that what took place is anything but
indicative of the spirit that pervades the work-
ing classes. The great body of our countrymen
are now far too enlightened not to see that
the redress of their grievances may be
obtained by legal and constitutional means, and
that any schemes of revolutionary outrage can
only tend either to strengthen the hands of their
enemies, or, in the event of success, to be pro-

ductive of the most ruinous consequences to
themselves, in the first instance, and, in the
next, to the rest of the community. Many
among those assembled, no doubt went to the
spot out of curiosity ; but there can be as little
doubt that the meeting contained many men of
desperate fortunes, ready to mend them by the
most desperate means ; and perhaps not a few
dazzled by the mixed motives of plunder and
patriotism. Those present who were led away
by any abstract love of liberty, we imagine to
%aye been yery few; and those who really under-
stood more of whatthey meant to do, than that they
wished to overturn the existing Constitution by
force, were still less in number. As to the possibility
of any thing beyond a mere riot resulting from a
meeting so composed, and having in view the
objects its leaders had, we scout the idea; but
that the assembly was illegal, that the motives
of its promoters were treasonable, and that it
might have led to the destruction of much pro-
perty, and the loss of many lives, had not the
police interfered, no man, looking even to the
imperfect evidence given yesterday at the exami-
nation at Bow-street, can for a moment doubt.
We will not at present undertake to say that the
meeting was dispersed with the use of greater
vlnlence than was necessary ; but although we
have heard that such was the case, it
certainly appears difficult to maintain that
the police, who were only armed with
staves, and who, although they may have
inflicted many bruises, certainly took no life,
could have used excessive violence against a
mob of at least five or six times their number,
many of them armed with the mast desperate
weapons, and, as was proved by the result,
really to use them. We have heard also ob-
servations made upon the circumstance of the
notice against the meeting issued from the
Secretary of State's Office having no signature
attached to it. This is of no consequence
whatever. The notice was a gratuitous warn-
