FINSBURY.

The barristers, Messrs. FALCONER and CHAMBERS, opened
their Courts for the revision of the lists of voters for this bo-
rough yesterday, at White Conduct House.
The claim of an individual, named Fisher, was resisted by
the overseers, on the ground that he had refused the payment
of the shilling required by the Act to be paid for registration.
Mr. FALCONER appeared to consider the shilling as an essen-
t•al ingredient in the payment of the rates, but on consultation
with his colleague, finding that that Learned Gentleman, as
well as other revising barristers were of opinion that what-
ever other means might be available for the recovery of the
shilling, its non-rayment ought not to deprive a claimant of his
franchise, he admitted the vote..

WEST SURREY.
DORKING, MONDAY.—This mornieg, at 10 o'clock, Sir
Walter Riddell and Mr. Bosanquet held Courts at the Red
Lion, in this tom„4nd,proceeded to revise the lists of electors
-in the parishear Abinger, Capel, Dorking, Mickleham,
Newdigate, Ockley, and Wootton. There were several ob-
jections raised on either side, but very few of the cases in-
volved points of interest.
(Before Mr. BosANeurr.)

William Farrand was objected to by the Conservatives.
On the voter being called, he stated that he was a member
of the Society of Quakers, and that he rented property in the
parish of Dorking—viz., a house in High-street, fur which he
paid 40!. a year, and a piece cf land at the bottom of Mill.
lane, at a rent of 91. 10s. a year. He had occupied the pro.
p2rty more than 12 months previous to the last day of July.—
The vote was allowed.

Mr. Charles Colgate was objected to by the Conservatives,
on the ground of insufficiency of occupation.
The claimant, in answer to questions put to him by Mr.
Marshall, rented property in High-street, Dorking, for which
he paid 801. a year. He had occupied 20 years, or there-
abouts.—The name was retained.

Mr. Stuart, Inspector of Factories for this district,
who has been detained at Balfron for three weeks past, in
consc,quenee of a fall from a gig on his way from Glasgow to
inapcct the Balliodalloch factory near Balfron, is now so far
recovered that he was able to return to Glasgow on Saturday
last.—Glasgow Chronicle.

ST. SAVIOUR'S, SOUTHWARK.—TiIe question as
to whether the venerable church of this parish should he re-
built out of the proceeds of a compulsory rate, or from a volun-
tary subscription, was yesterday decided by the votes of the
parishioners. The polling commenced at ten and closed at
four o'clock, when the numbers appeared—For the rate, 237 ;
for a subscription, 139 ; thus leaving a majority of 98 in favour
of the former made.

THE BRIGIITON PENSIONER.—The Tories of
Brighton—or we should rather say, the factious portion of
them—lure repossessed themselves of their idol, and their
eestacy knows no bounds. The recent investigation before
the Pension Committee has established the fact that, without
the slightest public desert, Sir David Scott has received up-
wards of 6,0001. from the public purse; and this disclosure
proving him to be a man after their own hearts, the faction of
the Tories have set him up as a brazen image for which they
would fain exact a universal homage. How Sir David plays
the new part thus assigned to him, we cannot say from per-
sonal observation ; but we have been told by those who have
beheld it, that the image looks honest men full in the face
without blushing or betraying the least sign of uneasiness.
We must therefore congratulate Sir David and our Brighton
Tory faction on their mutual relationship to each other. They
lose abuse, he has practised it at the expense of the industrious
people of this country, and he is therefore a fit idol for a
Tory faction to bow down before and reverence.—Brighton
Guardian.

RETALIATION.—The keeper of a beer-house not
a hundred miles from Croft, «ho occasionally indulges too
liberally in the article in which he deals, and at such times does
not act with the utmost tenderness towards his better half, was
placed in a rather awkward predicament the other day, by the
unlucky interference of a constable while he was engaged in
conjugal strife. To use a familiar term, he was beating his
wife soundly, when the constable clapped a pair of handcuffs
on his wrists, and then desired the enraged fair one to take her
revenge, an opportunity of which she instantly availed herself,
and did not cease to pummel him until he cried " Hold,
enough !" and promised better behaviour for the future.
Duritam Advertiser.

FEVER IN GLASGOW.--The state of Fever stands
to day as follows :-52 patients in the Royal Infirmary this
morning; 14 admitted from the Ist October to the Sth-106
empty beds.—Glasgow Chronicle. •
BOTANY BAY.—When we said in our last article
on Transportation, " that the penal Colony of New South
\Vales is a tremendous legislative crime," we had not seen
the Report of the Committee then alluded to. We have now
seen it and must say that our description is painfully accurate.
Whoever wishes to see the effects of human ingenuity em-
ployed to devise tortures for man, whoever wishes to attain a
full and complete conception of the immense mischief inflicted
by punishments, whoever desires to see slavery in all its hor-
rors, and the consequence of legislators and Executive Gover-
nors depriving men of all the rights of humanity, should
study this Report. A greater mass of iniquity, beginning
with the law-maker and ending with the executor of the law,
was never, we believe, brought into so small a compass.
The horrors of the middle passage and of slavery in the
West Indies seem to us scarcely equal to the continual, never-
ending torments of this penal colony. Pandemonium, and all
of wickedness that poets have ever fancied, are certainly cur-
plssc d by the realities of Botany Bay. —Brightote
Guardian.

The past was a most blessed week for the country,
and short as the day now is, it is impossible to set limits toin_
y
good achieved, or the labour performed between Monday.
week
the Ist, and Saturday, the 6th October current.
t of country,
we had an opportunity of inspecting a large c
co
and the result, we are glad to say, amply
estimate of the moors and hills. Everyauwch
as
grow wheat
farmers in the highest spirits, excep r firmede a Our
foundf or mt
the
fit and
nnn
ngdy the
harvest boatmen .h. d .
on land little fitted for its culturhee,
harpy and contented—now thatd sct
ing
to a Months ago
and the graniverous rapidly
the crops, as usually happens, were
we were led to believe that
ever discouraging appearancesnd is still telling, a different tale.—
later on the west than theaeta.stmcaoyasthaoyfe Sbceoetnlanind ;thbautbehgoiwn:
begin-
ning, the end baa told, a
Dumfries Courier.
A SENSIBLE TORY PETITION.—Through th
kindness of a friend, we have been favoured with an early copy
of a ; etition adopted, or about to be adopted, by the New
Aberdeen. Conservative Association, for signature before the
opening of Parliament. We must honestly confess that, taking
it all in all, it is a very sensible and well-timed document. If
Njr. Henry Lumsden would retrench it of a few magniloquent
phrases about our "glorious Constitution," and some asser-
tions of rather doubtful emu! acy about the equality of our
laws, we would be disposed not only to subscribe it ourselves,
but to recommend our readers to do the same.—Aberdeen
Iderdi
