POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

UN lON. HA WA
On Saturday evening ell emateur, Dog Juan, named Brodiei,
by trade a tailor, charged a frail fair one named Louisa-solith,
who perambulates Newington-causeway, with extracting from
his pocket a purse containing divers monies, fourteen shillings
'' to wit." lie stated thot the prisoner and some other of the
female patrols -requested him in dm most pressing manner to
accompany them to a mix,hbourim house. lie timepted. the
invitation, but on putting his hand into his pocket to defray the
expences, he found the purse had lied, and the prisoner, whit
was inclined to do the*arne, was intercepted by heinir given
charge to a watchman. The Si'.ting Alagistrate, J. b. CAW.,
well, Esq., asked him was he a married invit "1" be 48'
swered in the -affirmative, and added, that be lawsYtit-realvd
those Ladies when he met them to get rid of them.
was dismissed, the Magistrate obs.lving„ Mat if the tifcr
iprt
Mat contrary to his wishes., he could fp to tilts 5t1,49,1. 1i,4
04
sitting and indict her. The Knight of the 131,0,3 rs revived,
appointed at losing his money and esposiog ,‘

ItutvEs the comic octor,, orthe Adeiphi.The.
titre, is engaged by Mr. Alaimo for the Ilay.
market. Itutirts takes no part in YATRS'S En.
tertainment, the whole of which is to be recited
and sung by himself, upon the plan of his great
predecessor awl rival,

711,0 LONDON' J OURNA
DAILY

Batractsfrem the Morning Papers, March 0, 1826.

rTHE MT
The Budget;it appears, is to undergo another
postponement ; and the Right Hon. the Chancel-
lor of the Exchequer to enjoy a second, though
We trust a short-lived, reprive. Undoubtedly
this is not a time at which, if the Minister were
much actuated by a wish to tranquillize the
qublic mind, he would put off, even for one day,
a full explanation of the state of the national
finances, unless compelled to it by considerations
of a, most urgent nature. So far, therefore, us
Mr. Robinson has been a party to this unseason-
able delay, we must suppose that he sees reason
for apprehending a greater increase of disturb-
ance from the story wich he would have to tell,
than from the brief suppression of its if so, the
Right Hon. Gentleman may be liable to no larger
share of censure than would be incurred by nine
men of milk-and-water characters out of ten, for
taking half measures when decisive ones are
begone their genius. It is, indeed, most
manifest, that if Ministers were conscious of tray.
ink materials in the state of the revenue for
cheering and encouraging the commercial world
—for subduing panic, and restoring confidence—
we should have had the good news from them, if
notsofficially, at least indirectly, long before the
present moment. But even if they have no
Battering unction for our feverish and irritated
feelings, they are bound, as a sacred duty, to tell
us the worst that there is in store for us. The
country has a right to know the truth, where its
all is concerned. Before the supplies are voted,
we ought to be told what is the actual promise of
our means,—whether we can afford to spend as
much money as we have done,—what the weekly
receipts of taxes are doing—either to justify or
condemn the scale of expenditure proposed by
the King's Ministers, if it, be true, that
the taxes for the last two mouths Os it is
asserted) have declined in an alarming man-
ner, will the same estimates be persisted in ?
If there be no chance of a sinking fund,
or next to none, ought we not to' tie appriz-
ed of it at once—that a surplus income of some
slecent amount may be created, and a commence-
ment be made of discharging the principal of our
appalling debt, which now, in eleven years, has
experienced no sensible redurtion, and of, which,
if the principal be not greatly disoleished, the
interest must, for there is uo other alternative?
We would entreat Mr. Robinson, if he cannot
say much to gratify the country, that he will
hasten at least to remove those vogue doubts and
indefinite misgivings of evil which are every %I hero
felt, as to the character of his approaching bed.
get,—if we are to suffer, Ora he will tell us Use
exact quantum of punishmeht to be inflicted on
us, and what limb it is that e c must lose.

[NI'W T 1
Now that the arrangements for Commercial
Relief are beginning to be canted into opera-
tion, the distress itself appe; v t to have lost
half its terrors, and many persons begin to con-
ceive that it had been exaggerated in reprosen-
tation. For our own part, we believe that the,
embarrassments of the commercial World were
real,, and would have been 11105 t serious, had they
not been encountered by a provident vigilance on
the part of Gt'vernmont, and an honourable li-
berality on that of the
,Bank. We have, how-
ever, through the whole of the late crisis,endea-
voured to hold a language at once moderate and
consistent.' We have left it to party men to
express their apprehension, that the mode a.
dopted, of relieving the distress through the
medium of the Bank, might prove too compli-
cated in its details for the Batik Directors, who
ere prac4cul men ; and to desire that the operation
should.he conducted by the Minkterol whom they
have described as mere theorists. We have left it
to party 1114,) to assert, that the Bank has re.
luctanly come forward.at the command of Co-
vernment, and then to remind the public, that, if
any good results from the measure, they will
have to thank—not his Majesty's Ministers, 'but
the Bank of England. Wo have left it to party
Irmo to lay aside their habitual jealousy of the
Ministers of the Crown, for the purpose of im-
puting' to tltem the reproach of deetiolog to alToed
Rkiier itt' a form, which is at variance with the
principles and safeguards of the constitution.
We
,have,left it to poly men to ch trge his Ma.
jesty's Ministers with the of of not grasping
*t an *opportunity of preference and patronage mu
tits eve of a general election. Unshaken
by the denunciations of -their opponents, the
King's Ministers have, by their firm and states-
manlike condurl, hilt! a safe foundation for the
return of confidence, wherever confidence is due.
-7—The materials are most ample, and the super-
stracture will be raised, as it ought to be, and
toust be, if solidity is aimed at, by the merchants
tind traders themselves. Of their surplus im-
portations tits C ..11v mpti on of each succeedin,r clay
i!.abeorbing a portion, while the well.ascet:,,:ned
fist:Pam operAtes a prohibitory jo W Pf;11 pie-
vents further depreciat:,:o. 1-;ach ,ucreedio,:dly
iN silently restoll,g the vtv.tilibriu,“ ;he
supply and fhe d,,otant' 811. the t i.tr.Plll
oliriVe'44 heti the tide will turn. Tt..z. Gov, %lent
sad the Bank have done their pat!, end it enly
ipmains for the merciliwts' and ttro.lers to do
theira, by adoptiol I,ho, it !U.5 4!;Od
thin and Confiden re, Olt 1114' abu nd
commercial treasures "tl, tito; in
their own waref!.— ,

(MOttlf

J. ;' a' i

I(' it WPre Pat thHt OW. It ; 401 LY of tiie IlrjtiKii
Pot rage Obil4rt i,;;,,,rfance in oneestimn.
Iron ire silettifti not iv,-, 11(!eght.it net,essnry to
.50
,t9tiro, the itiAtly exl-I:!.itions by witit:lC Lord'
King itt strivir,o,- tomtit :Al ICltn,;(o,r evn4piettou-s'ab:.''
joct in the' rye of the enaliminity, ‘; jots of
joba,,,ic the nth t a.ivtitie of jobs," tic the Land-
tertriTaii," "1.11 f: itli,•TeStfld MOI iVeS 0(0)0 liouset"
tkil6vmpreulons,en the Corn Law cornposl! the
tottio4i sring4 by the c:..l4::;if iess rupetition:or.which
tlat:Noitio Itortiir to catch ti.chi,ttp and
valgor wily danger of thii orijes

from its tendency to degrade the Peerage gene.
rally; bYlth&constant. expOsUre.ol an individual
Peer in a position of great moral or intellectual
degradation. In any other view the incessant
tirades of the Noblo. Lord are entirely harmless
and • ineffectual. To obviate this danger, no more
is necessary than to prove that the Noble Peer in
question is a solitary exception to the otherwise
universal character of the distinguished body of
which he hopper's to be a member, by contrasting
his demeanour and conduct with theirs. The
coarse, vulgar, and absurd imputation of interest-
ed motives, to any society, incessantly repeated
by one of its owe members, might be expected to
draw forth, and in the case of any, ordinary so-
ciety would unquestionably draw forth all that
could be urged in the way of retort or recrimina-
tion upon the accuser. The temptation to retort,
and of course the merit of forbearance in such a
case, as obviously hi proportion to the materials
of triumphant retort, which may be found in the
past or present conduct ofithe accuser. The past,
or present conduct of Lord Kitmould certainly
be of no consequence whatever to any living being,
his own dependants and tenants excepted, if
the language in which he perpetually in.
Bulges, and the provocation he supplies to the
House of Peers, did not render his conduct an
unerring test of the corrective taste, the gentle-
manly feelings and the solid sense, which pre-
vail in that assembly. The topics we are about
to urge, derive their whole value from the silence
Of the House of Lords ; they are topics so obvi-
ous and tempting, that if any Noble Peer had
possessed a taste, an understanding, or a temper
congenial to Lord King, the walls of the House
most perpetually have resounded with the noise
of futile and indecorous recrimination.

[MORNING HERALD.]
There are few subjects upon which so much of
error and right feeling is combined, as on that of
slavery in the colonies. Slavery has been justly
and eloquently described as a bitter draught,
which, disguise it as we may, can never become
pelateable, and is so connected, in theory at
Feast, with the earliest and maturest feelings of
an Englishman, that he is often ready to run wild
at the term, while the reality may, perhaps, be
existing unconsciously and unnoticed before his
eyes. From ttre zeal and industry, as well sll its
peculiar character, of which we have witnessed
so much lately, one would be led to suppose,
either that some new light had broken in upon
the world, or. that this particular period Inul,
for some,reason or another, been fixed upon for
a crusade of knight errantry, in which the
go9d people of England thought they Could
effectually abolish slavery, and set free, what
some of their leaders call " the myriads of suf-
fering blacks." But, unfortunately, there is no
small share of cant mixed up with all this, and
still more strongly are the proceedings we allude
:0 impregnated and united with a system of pro.
selytism anal sectarianism in religion, which has
for.its obk...ciat least us touch of opposition Co the
tenets of the established church, as of love and
sympathy towards the negroes. Of the many
thousands who have signed with so much readiness
the numerous petitions which have been hawked
about, not only in London, but in almost every
town and village in thikingdomlwe firmly believe
that it would he neither unjust" nor uncharitable
to declare, that at least one.half of them either
neither know or care the least about the matter.
But while we are anxious to unmask hypocrisy,
let it not be sopposed that we are advocating
slavery or the Slave Trade, in any of its horrors
or details. We would not even dwell for a trio.
'meat upon what may be the inscrutable designs
of Providence, us apparent in the peculiar chits
racier of the negro race, ,but would declare, with
as much zeal and sincerity as any of its opponents,
our ahherance of a tragic, which at once sinks
the traders in it and their commodity so low in time
scale of !Inman estimation. At the same time we
cannot help thinking dmeSe persons, both in and
out of Parliainent, unreasonable and unjust who
tax the British 'Government with a continuance
of the traffic, which it must be apparent to every
unprejudiced. observer is the only Government
that, with one Mom of sincerity or effect, has
endeavoured to suppress it. And anxious as all
right-minded persons must be to see both an ex-
tinction of the trade itself, and an improvement of
the state of those who have been already sold
into bondage, it is impossible not to perceive
that the one object never can bo attained till
reason, justice, humanity, and sound policy in-
fluence the other goiernmenta of
,the world as
well as our 'own ; nor that site other can be
accomplished' with more celerity than is, in
fact, accompanying its gradual progress in most,
if not all; Of. our colonies. No one can have read
Mr. Caonlog's speech in a late debate without
admitting his sincerity, and admiring his views
Upon the subject---a subject which seems quite
safe in his hands ; much safer at any rate than in
tho'se of zealots on the one hand,or 6f hypocrites
on the other, who, to attain an object, foreign we
fear to that which they profess, would rush head-
long to their point, utterly regardless of private ,
rights.
