PORTUGUESE PAPERS.

L1C1301,/, APRIL IL—The Marqqe.sito's pai-ty has
entered Aranjuuz and Ocana, having marched
.by
way of C3rnessolendas. At Aranjuez they made a
French Captain and four soldiers -prisoners, and
seized ten waggons laden with muiltelg., and five
with regimentals, boots, Btc, The warty consisted
of woo infantry a_nd 200 cavalry, and colleted• all
the stragglers in that quarter front Mancha to Man-
zanares. _ .

The party of the Canon of Siguenra was, by the
last accounts, at Aicazar de S. Juan. Lieutenant-

Colona FrancisquAe Sanches, adwarf in stature, but
a man of great bravery,- has 250 cavalry, and 150
infantry ,pnclt'r his command. The same day that
the Marquesito entered Aranjuez, Francisquete sur-
prised and put to the sword 40 Frenchmen at Villa-
rubia de los Ojos. He afterwards had a brtish wish
the French at Pedronberas, and then- marched for

Cuenca, to pay. a visit to . Bassecourt, carrying with
him five arrobas, weight of papers, found upon vari-
ous French couriers, whom he bad intercepted.—
His party, however, continues in Mancha.
On the 27th ult. the party commanded by the
Priest 'Can hizares had an atlair with the enemy, who
fell back to Ciudad Real, and afterwards to Hospi.7

cio. Thee Spaniards also entered Ciudad Real,. and
one of their serjeants killed'a French serjeant in the
place.' The French had.besides, seven or eight pri-
vates killed on this occasion. Our troops then re-
...

treated, -upon receiving intelligence of the.advanCe of
400 French from Almagro and Dathiel.
On the 28 t h the French broke down the bridge
of Puerto Llano, Their number was about 1000,

and they intended. to advance to Almaden.—.
The Brigadier D. isidoro Mir was, on the 30th
making preparations to receive• them. He bad
Kith him about, 300 men, chiefly infantry; but his
force was daily increasing. On that day he was at
Siruella, and had colleaed about 56 horse. Sortie
soldiers who left Carpio del Toledo on the 20th
ult: state that the. French had very) few troops
in Montalvan, and that in Toledo they had only

between 400 end 500. - The/post frt:9l Estretua-
aura to Madrid does not go the diied road, but-
makes a circuit upon the right bank of the. Tagus as
far as Toledo.

BADAJOZ, APRIL 6.—The brave inhabitafip of
the valley of Aran support the contest in the most
heroic style. The French have not gained an inch
of ground Upon them, and, their efforts are daily at-
tended with considerable loSs. They • lately sum-
moned the inhabitants to suh 'it; but the latter re-
plied, that tbey preferred death to French slavery.
The enemy, irritated by this answer, made a furious
attack upon them, but were shamefully repulsed
with considerable loss.•

Aram 7.—The division of Regnier occupies ar
present the_towns :of Medellin, Villa Nueva de la
Serena, and D. Benito, in which last are his head-
quarters. His rear-guard left D. Alvara and Val-
verde, on the otl, and marched for Guarena, where
it remains.

Ballesteros is retiring by Zalame-a la' Real, in the
county of Nuebla, -leaving some troops under the
command of Brigadier Contreras, in Ronquillu, and
diffeient, posts in the Sierra.
O'Donnel'S advance- entered Merida an the sth
inst., and abont4 league and akalf from that city
he took 1500* Cations, Which were to have been for-
warded to'the enemy at Medellin.
Aram g.—Ay English expedition which was
destined for Catalonia is said'to have 'arrived in that
principality..
On the fithellegnier's division evacuated Guarena,'
Villa Gonzalo, and Medellin, and marched for Cam-
pgnario. and Cabeza de Boey. O'Donnel's ad-
vanced parties are in pursuit of the enemy. A Ser:
jelinr of Hussars, belonging to the, Crusaders 'of Al-
bequerque, killed a French Lieutenant oft Dragoons
.on the bridge of Medellin. , • • •
ALMEIDA, APRIL 1,--The French troops in the
environs of Salamanca are daily diminishing by ca-
sualties ; the greater part of theM being mere strip -
lings, numbers of them are daily falling sick.
This evening a party of Spanish infantry came in
here, with eighteen deserters from the French, of
'whom fire are English, two French, and the rest
Italians, Poles, &c. -They report,- that many more
intend to desert, all being 'dissatisfied With, the bad
tteatmerttlhey receive from their offi:ers, and the
hardships and fatigue they undergo in the'service.
CRAVES, APRIL 3.7—0 n the i2d ult. the enemy
suddenly evacuated Oviedo, leaving behind hii sick,
and the Spaniards who had fallen into his hands, on
being informed of the approach of General Ponte,
•who had disiodged the enemy from the heights of
Fresno, with some loss. .
A letter from General Mahy, of the 29th ult.
sap, that he had -taken-11'1e command of the 4th
division of% General Garcia, and that he was to set
out the same day for Villafianca, where he had or-
dered all his forces to form a junction.
The Governor of Puebla, de Sanabria writes word.
that, pu,suant to orders from General Malty, he was
on the point of advancing to Baneza, to divert the
atte..tion of_ the troops besieging Astorga.. This
movement .was to be in conct rt with the force under
the coromand of. P.,chevarria.
Letters from Ponfei rada state, that a considerable
body of the eneiny's force before Astorga, had may-
-0 off on the 26th, but their destination was not
known. The force left to blockade it consisted, of
between 8 and 9,000 men.

LISBON, APRIL 13.—The war seems to be
.at an
end in Estretnadura. Balli-3stera,haviog left suffi-
cient garrisons 'lb the Sierra, is failing back upon
Zalainea, for the purpose of more securely watch
ing the Motions of Regnter. 'the latter, how-
ever, did not dare to hazard an ne,tion with O'Don-
nei. His retreat to Cabeza del limy indicates, that
he has finally quitted Estretnadura, and is dirett-
ins*, his march to Cordova, or perhaps to the
foot of the Sierras, contiguous to La Mancha.—
Ail the letters received , here state, that .the enemy
are committing the most horrid- atrocities in their
retreat. But let us_ turn away our eyes from these.,
scenes of horror, to fix them upon the brilliant per-
spedive which Spain now exhibits, compared with
her situation at the end of January. It seems as
if a protecting Genius had decreed that Spanish
freedom shciuld be established on the ruins of French
tyranny:
In the Asturias, gallicia, Estremadura, Andalu•
sia; Valencia,. Catalonia, every Where, within il.e

last two months, have her intltfnig,tble and Vigilant
Generals routed the enemy. Her regular troops,
at this allot tient, excet•d effeo i ve men ; ' and
her light,partit-A lin :he :ny:,d,:d proyincts.are so•ra-
piidly ine!easing-io numbers, and particularly in-con-
fidence; that the Whole of Spain app,fars !Ike a vast
sepulchre, in which the protid French
,are-paying
with their lives the forfeit of their crimes.

M I.S.
ARIZ,/ D--z Dublin. cue z Dubiir, 2 Waterford.

tr U N.

SOL/P.M QUIS DICERS FALSUM AUDEAT ?

L OND O'N,

SATURDAY, APRIL 28,. 1810.

Last night Thitch Papeis of the 23d inst. reached
town. We have for some time past observed, that
the French Papers,. and those under their influence,
lave contained very little information indz d, respeet-
ing the progress of the war in Spain. These are no
very communicative upon tl'at subjea ; they mere-
ly inform us that large re,:nfmc.enients arc on their
march towards Bayonne, and that a grand battering
train of krtillery is colleaing there, to be employed '-
in attacking the fortresses in Spain and Porttigal
whickstill hold out. If the-Continent were not in
p most lamentable state of ignorance, BUONA-.
PARTS would never have ventured to use such
an expression. After' threatening, :that before
Christtna, 'lBOB, he would not leave a village
in Spain' in the hands of the Insurgents, he now
finds himself in the smile situation that he was'
then, -with regard to Spain, after having lost above
190,000 of his, troops, and been completely driven
out of Portugal We are not surPriged that BUONA-
rmiTE should wish to draw the attention of the
people _of France from the War in Spain. With
respell to the Wars against Austria and Prussia, the
rapid saccess, the brilliant' siclories of the French
Arrniq, and the idea that they were contending
against enemies, or rivals, might naturally reconcile
the French to 'the immense sacrifices they, were
making. But with regard to Spain, the cage is to-
tally different; the War carried on against that
Coutitry,is not calculated to promote any one French
objet; on the "contrary,_ \\ healer successMl, or

otherwise, .it inmust produc;Y consequences injurious

to .France. BUONAPA RTE wi:,Led to make his brother

King of Spain, and in order" to accomplish that ob-
.
jea, he has sacrificed an imw,ense number of lives,
converted'a faithful-biend into an itive;efate enemy,
and laid the foundation of an animosity between the
.1 two Nations which, whate=ver Lxlay b., the result of

the present contest, will never ht rerntivc4, and at-
ter all he is as far from the attaiirtnent of his object

as- ever.

. These Papers contain a Letter from BUONAPARsTE
to the Archduke CHARLES, requesting him to act as
his Proxy, in espousing -MARIA Loursn. In this
letter he; in conformity to his comtant prac-
tice, under the pretext of civility, conveys the most
galling insult ; he tells the Archduke that lie has se-•
leeted him to perform that interesting a'ct, in con-
sequence of the admiration which' the condo&
of his Royal Highness in the' battles of • As-
pern and Wagram had excited in him.---When
it .is recollected that it was the battle of Wag.
ram that placed Austria at the feet of France,
bnd that BuoNAPARTE, in hi, Bulletin of., that battle,
boasted of having completely out.-generaled the
-i Austrians, the extent of insult must easily be
-felt.--It is said ihat..BuotiNpAßTE, in order to gratify
MARIA•LOUISA and her family, is about to revise
the trials of the late King and Queen of France,
and to punish such of their murderers as still re-
main alive ; but we ao not think it likely that he
will adopt such a measure. -

The French have. already began to aet upon the
late treaty (if it deserve that name) which was con-
cluded with Holland. A considerable 'detachment
of French troops 'have taken pogliessioq of:Rotterdam,
under pretext.of co-operatatlg with the native troops
in protecting the harbours of Holland iron) contra-
band trade.

A report was very currently circulated this morn-
ing, which we should feel most happy to be able to
Confirm, viz. that an engagement had taken place
between the British and Toulon fleets,' and that the
latter had been defeated, 'and the greater part of it
taken. We have, made every possible inquiry ,upon
the subject, and cannot find that thexeport rests upon
any authority. No intelligenc. 91 the kind has
been received at the Admiralty.

We are happy to have it in our power to remove
the doubts which subsisted respeaing the fate of
JEFFREY, the seaman, who was left on the Island of
Sombrero. Authentic accouats were yesterday re-
ceived of his having been taken off that Island
,a
very short time after he was left there, by an Ame-
rican vessel, and be is now in perfea health, in the
I.rovince of M-assachusets, where he goes by the
name of " the Goi;ernor of Sombrero."
