CIRCULAR.

Ila
The 1010 ;yip halt! a 00;3 to-utorrow, at his Palace at :$l,
annteet
Their Majesties entertained a select party to (Wier yvsterday,
at the Value ut st. Jaltteed. • Thu Queen's private nand attended
in the evoling, and performed several isiaws in her Majo.;
apartment 1,
'rho Duchess of and the Prlnceis Sophia visited the
Queen yesterday.
The Spanyil .Nrinister had an interview with the Earl of Aber-
deciA yolVtddy, at the Foreign Office.
4 -fleputatut from. Manchester and Cilasme, headed by the
Members tbr both places, hail a confereuve bp enooTh m
Ame,
hurley with the Chancellor of the FAcirequer and the President
of the Board of Trade. The 'svtno lteputation had a previous
-conference with 'the 14.1: Nut.lleittletnen on Friday,
The Duke of ott suitertaltied the Marquis or I.:Actor.
the Earl of INtdam, rd Winiston. the Speaker of the jloWsc
of Cour gud a party of Members of both I logsool rArita•
tai lPOntuor;rin Sunday evening, at dtpsley floms,v,
Mc. mos holler, one of the clerks act tw, MKtesty,s Privy
Council, died on Sunday, at his residento„

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTERSALL'S,

The sale of the raee.horses tr(no the Royal stnil, nttraen.d
more MiIIMOWN intratianee tint 114tial, bctr or three or Or ltd.
pooessinir unusual littftvAs we ~biktryto in 00 yard
Lsterhasy, the 1);1lostu Leeds and Dorset, Loots Lacier, Errol,
Ntountehafloy Pliwterfleht, Vertilarn, Forrester, fie. &e.
144114 W-0 alseity on the I)erhyj in which two or three
liaviti 4,iten. litclots&. Bras de 24n. and Mulder, %sere It.tei,od
Waft considerable spirit, And tell off in force. I icc Oral row coo.
tlnuent almost even bottote. The odds on the field bon, 1,k„,.1,
higher.than %mild ail this part of the year,. a ciottllge cue t tak,
place Intio ionk The Oaks Wltai seaee-y tuetitiucicrt The
eloc44S; priers alVvritgoil at. foIIOWY

vitt itrititY.
14 to 1 apt W. ('hifoov, OM) 03 to I takol)
bto atts Lol4l. Vatalar'i.
16 to 1 Ittitt Itr, Ilatirdswot tli`. wink
111 to (tot 1(1111 Jervey'a Cobweb eta
lii to 'I Not Loril :4110i Bro. de Ear (token)
1"4 to I .00t Lord Jet suy'a Illuttder
to l 111114 140r11 Vrruittin's VArcnA. 4 eat
'2.1 to 1 ititst Poke of ttrofton's IWO& colt
Sri to 1 apt 1.,0ril Jerttcy'll,l44grce tilt
1,7 to I tig t t.,lr J. 1.11,3,41ey'a Cremildtt colt
ts tto I apt I. (.4o thlty'r idiot* roll (*Akan)
23 to I {144 I. t'txktqc s (tAkvli at i 4 t., 1)
40ty 111 ttit u zgratttoorti ("oolitic c4lt.:tAtaii,
41.47gti.

to 0 agAt Dukt, of tirottonso Oxygett
ti ,to I wept, Mr. Jiottl(lrowortit'o
II to I plot hic. Ullot's Wight,
11.1 to 'I not Mr. Gruvilltes 11411lia
t to I oipt E4pagttolly, Dulttitalu 119 to,
1141Nt7AliTV.11. fiT, 1.1'0,)4tt,

141 U vVVII bettiliff.•Zalq 4414 (.4c.1-4,),414, Muth t i Ire or
Arti 60,

ills MAJESTY'S IJAciNti STUD.

teleetioo from the Royal Stott Wit 4 yetterday bro,iocot to the
hammer at TattertaWs, comprlting twain t that have
inutu W tat, than ordinary init. to the 5p0ry,,,,,,i World.
ionkill4ff rik,g.Nr(ti.
The Colonel, ti yr. (pat 10 oil V,tl gitiorat, and no laidtler)
Zlugaueo, 5 yra. toki 1.5);t1 . .. 'MO
Voting aohl to Lord CheAvrtirld
yit, tots( to
nity,l yr., by Cent.oir ...... . ...... ..........

- •
I.iatteth.. 2 yt.
Brown Yoarliiikt Filly ......... , ....... o ..... .......o• ~,0,,........ i
11Ay Yowling 11117..~..
Chtlinlit Colt Foto .... a...• .............. 4 , 4,,N. ..... t........ ..... 611• h 0
IS
ii 000.
Eloetrerio, sold to :qr. .ri‘twi,ll ' no
tiolthriro, ROM tft Waif Nint+,ool:irlt*... ' latt
I iis I‘;;;,c4cy rotoiro4 .1. io, iA • ii, LIS. Alitt ihe elite t thy igoAt.
;9,4,01 Anil ) (mug Mod:, ,
W•ttitteroot r•of was Li i..i•-e,tl dOwn ht I9lguitcag, smt),sevorak
othor lota al- blood stuck were Idol Ittoultltt to thljl,4ll,4was

LAW INITILLIGENCE6.- (T 14113 DAY.)

'tot,Ls' con UT.
JUDGMRXT,....TIIE CA V itIZL MO:Sri%

ALE). khui-At AND otitiots r• 01,t1VILLINCMIN
ASO OinON.

-
Ms Honour the MASTRK of the ROLLS 44ye judgment
this morning In this important case. The rolaintilfs, the
Alessrs,r Alexander. a house -of:greet end:store in 'flair',
claiiiied.by their bill to be entitle,iliy•virtir of three mgrs, ids
of essignment from ths 14k Itfortioi4 of Hastines, t.m pertain
property which the Marquie would Ire entitled to minder thu
%warrant of the Knit.;
,tor the diutrihrition of the priz,
mone.i taken in tire tier, hetwren
.the Pintherets and
eertein of the Mahratta etatee. The defendants, with
eme exception of Sir:Thouias lliulop, inuiuted that nodal r
vss,co to the plarn,ill4 in lei-sperm. to -the three deeds of
assignment, the subject or those der-rte being' unasuignablo
in respect to the situation in Which the plaipet ty i toot, et
the thi' of the execution of r Ile!, deed... sir Thontar
Nislop'enntertmlemi that do Marquis of limi,therm hat oil
property. whatever .in tlie utilij ct of the deeds.
The .firet ' question to be considered in Vie opinlon
of the Court was whether the prize mail attrie
bitted by the Kinee warrant to the Niaimplia of
Hastings was or not' the subjeet of assignment inn Court
of Equity. Mr Honour did riot consider it. material
whether it wee the imbject of eusigninent in a_Court of
Law, because the stunts of the'44ti of aenreti: 111. de-
clared that ell Niter:trolley was to htlot.g to tic emiptors,
in such shares as the King, by some viola) I 4,1 e, should
direct, or as his Itlajouty roi,elit think fit to iliteet in math
particular case, by %%renew miller his si4tr manual.
In a Court of Eqoity there could be no doubt that
the . subject of rapture 'wet aseignitide, The sub-
ject of enpture might be tmriumal a s'estra expeetation,
but if it were Out a'., miecording to them estahlislied rules of
a Omit of Equity, it would he asuienable' wriest there innsomethingsoethiog connected with that' property which took it tint
of the general rule. It' was c4ritesoled in thie arise thin
the propemty in question was taken out ,irth:. general rule.
V.Pitt it,W4l siti4.that prize money was an the nature of
militaly ply, and therefore could not be astignable.
The Coat was cleartiutt it could net be looked at in that
view sheet military pay Was that which the 'tenets) ern-
ployed war given by the Cl' CIO, ti, AS a treripelorition for
time dude* he hie! ulisolitergesl 'attested* it. Prize looney
eoeld nut be looked at in r that light; it was so extraor-
dinary bounty conferred by tho Crowe), sad most be consi-
dered either as a reward far pout utervlemee, or as an excite-
went to future saortione. Another argethint urged
was that teen if the plinciple of military ill mild not
apply, • >et still the •property could nut be 4011Sillereil
As nieiguehle, the Marquis of nimble*, Leine etiomiulteml be
tto flovernisent lei to• the mods of its distribution. Tii •
proposition the Court did not contiller made Out. It was
rine, as 4 general ,principle, that the policy of the laws
would not permit a man entitled to share in the prize to
let time party conaulted SS Witt ibutribution ; hut the effect
of that policy, if applied to the present tNitte, would not he
to render it uniessigtoehle, but wool(' destroy the right
of the party in the subject altegether. The tliutinctionr
taken At the Iltr, in his Honour's mind, Were far ton
startle, and he felt so heuitation in ()eclat itJg the share or
Old Marquis of Ifartinga in the prise motley was asuiennli a
in a Court of Equity, With respect, however, to t: •
share of Sir ThOines Ilillnli illinthil. Vi,W ninon be taken ..
be insisted that the Marquis Lad nothilig to assign.
Sir Thomas ilislop'e Con, see hid, however, in the mind of
the Court, overlooked port 01 the vise, which would throw
great diflicultiee in their way. 114 w could it he said, uu'ter
the King'' warrant of 18t3, that the Minqiiiir of lltestinas
had nothing to assign, sod that Sir T. IEIIO was entitled
to the'whole property; it was clear the Nlimmeuis lit llestingis
was entitled to emuethiug. The elailo et tile Ilitintaa was
much too general, and it had nova' ot.curt,..! to hit Counsel
to %impend, that if be was' not entitled to the %elide he war
to part, nor had they ever
,hinted 'at the ascartalaraeut o
his demand in this Court. The minute 'mule by the Lowe
of the Treasury teas flail to Sir 'l'. ilistop'e derrisnd, Ait
it said that wherever the principle of Actual capture could
he 4110itil, it was due to the egitnni Ilitt it .41101141 he tip.
plied; that it Was a pi intiple the f:lml.en ought rather to
extend than to limit , and that that pi inciple was applivablo
to the booty tarn at Potinith, Malaidpoore, rend Nag-
poor. Wherever the priuelple of actual rapture could
slot he applied, the division of booty ui4glit to be ex-
tende,l to till the at my employed hem the operatiotir
of the war, Sod the minute reeouimvrideci the King to
Brant the booty which Sir Theme. !fishy claimed to
tiustees—tlie Duke of Wellington and Air. Arbuthnot,
who were appointed to that office, and were to make out a
proper scheme for its distribution, which was to he tint,-
mitted to 14 %jetty fur hie approval. It had bec.o coo-
teo.leil that when once hid Maje.ty had Siernilied Lie apprm e
val of the scheme, that that approval was binding upon him.
The Coat could not ailillit the validity of that at gunierit,
hie M ',pity havitig the idols power of distribimtiug this
fund, Was fully at liberty, at any theme, upon (Luther' nnIA.
eyieation, to revoke that upproballon',' The King, how-
ever, itt this noon, held out departed ream the seli,• Hie kid
flown by the trustees, end upoa that prioelple the us-arrant
bed issued. Vairmg the Whole cut the elite together, ter~
Court WAS or Opinion that Sir Thom me Hiulop lied oat p10p...
slide ehlitit under the werrout of 1843, And it Milo there.
fore, prooriimee a dreier, deflating the plaintia. entitled
to the betietit of their deed% of uusiguirient (roar the Mar-
quis of tio,tiiv. The elfect, therefore, of hiu Ilosumner
miecielon will 1:4 tti. give to the 31reei Ms. ItleN toillir4 is rielit
to so much ter the prize-money ai will pay thew eleniaimil
upon the late Marquis of libertine :N.

It; computing the strength of the Oppwition
to Mioisters, we ought not to omit mentioning- that seve-
ral Members, who had retired for the purpOsu oi procur-
ing refre.bments, ‘vera shut . nut, in oonorpteneu of the
divi.ion taking pLssar earlier than witv•expectod. In this
number • were Sir ItouaLts • Fitnousorc; Moan... Kam r,
Domorse Ilnlywis, Jour; ltusstra., Colonel O'fir..toy.
WIIITHnIe..% Be;!t nati):4l. And 0' (1011.414 MAHON.
Lord MILTON., in cuusequmoe of au death of his Lady,
AttJ Mr.•l3u.t.t.u, in nonsequenee of the death of his rela-
tion, the Clerk of the Council, were 410 abtetii.

HEiItINS ate GnAT-
TA 24 CeltbrAtetl Flemish R.OlllllOCd is licit only no tativer.
sal favourite itt our owu country.: but from its great point.
larity bite given founilstittu to one of the most ro.
mantle &muse recently prwtw ssJ in Frence. The startling
iticideliti fool gorgeous colouring of the story bsee
oittiivirti also the Affeution of readers, in Geofumy, where
the Heiress of ilea9e4 has heels slrtsuly trmishtted, snot
where, for taildittlia sod mystery of plot, it is eouipareil
to the 00#141A, tale which the celebroteil M, G. LILWIA
rt 5144411,41 011144 W t the ENlti/111 puhlic touter Ott 1141110 of
the Prioo

Ott Wedttestlay, when the Zephyr, Newbury
coach, att,'..-..+1 at tiouuslaw, Alr. Ttttotaa Alorto 114,
04(1 td the prom ietnra, who wat driving, custiplained
of ehillnt*i and allivering, in t•4l4letphilWit
It'A4 1114 Ceil 1441<t,, add 011 to Wintbair, Cln al
riving at Wiwisor the afilititnniii btxrettsed 10 sii,lll at,
alarm:big extent, that he wet taken to the' ernwn Ii aiht
"put to bed, Aleilical itiolittintVe WAS immediately prude,
and every exertion urea to save hie life, but without ears,
at lie expired in about half an burn. l'ltariolay, aft
inquest wit* Wrote J. liAtotsavatit, Fol., Mayor and
Corotturo yawn a 1118Ptetalita jury .returned a verdict.
" Oitoi by tile viaitaticiat of-(1041. Tha thexamal WilW 4 very
,fine young man.

The public (opeci,illy thy !alio) are IT111.10SIC(1
NlOtit.o dot fon6wiiig

TO AirSSlth. AND A. 01.1)H11)01,4
itrtit.lNO,
ttike the libvrty iokirwtdirtk; trip thmikw to you tin. the
11,310 tionelit rectivtli by. toy thttiltSta !vow lApplie4tion of
)),rof truly ,wAluattrlo /ham elf (Wain id. 111.. 11.,ar flay youlwe,t,
0,1 completvly cattle off ditforaitt 'Arts ttt the h,,,c1,117,,t
314)4 total limo abate from Ilia vyttreAtto. 0,(1,,red, Yt
the last:awe (if a 144%11, to try }oto )14110, 4,14,1 cult u. 4,11;
bottle*, the rili,vtg wet.° oulit I. it, a t ul,ort ikpave
of Ulm, OW flair grew to 13 rt*ulAr he3lttly state. 1 it, bur
yours,o,4 awl tlow public to 4,11 my te4ttrIOITY 16 1130
Vilittrif ui putt truly itwlitilitt,le lirlttt, all,l 11th. lay lull 11,
miirion u, ;t; kids 1041 that you think prupt.,
as 3, 'out*,
11;',NItY
Nu,sci,tt, I,
•
ft:yet:firth':
01,01,11,un's /101inibrevet,tx ibt, Lair
fruit. .e.,1401; mitt utop it Wan 1.11:,11,11,1 off, At„,„014„143,
~cetihtsarN+ of tkr tit at
11-0111'Kt,c4,4 C, ), NVelliugton-otrtvt,
S'lv4ioo Wi.ere the k ~old, icy all lempectaLlo
m vtf • Petrunwr OM. 04. iNit'tt o'. (Li Ina
11e. pet Mottle.

CENTItAL C.AII4LIE, whose
very ettrit.o. work tut thiesolieut ii now liefore thy tosithe,
it ttoly European who ever yiyitrd anti thoroughly ex-
airlifted the wavage city tot lirnituotoo, the wry matte of
tvitith 1144 been Nu lottg a marvel itnti 4 topiteryt
eintl,l,ll to penetrate yo far by travelling. 0. a pour
Arab loolen in hist ehiltiluoul by the Frenelt arroy in Fo-pt
and etitlytettsoittg ra in4ky My way Imply *gain,. Div nook
will iv mei, with unaiout intirve.t. " flirt:mu) LA NOV IL.
tr}to;aecoutpanirol tite hate lottuenkttl (I.plairt revsnot*,
Itat°ol,o4 greatly contrikut4nl outknowledge nt the hoe.
ring of 44rica, by the inibiieAtiyo of Li. etutono4ll Watt,.
tiering,,' 6b

t *~ `-'k r `'~t

SPIRIT OP TIM PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The puldie will receive without surprise,-..under all
the elements .of opposition that were congregated against
Ministers,—the notification that they • were beaten last
night in a very full Home upon the question of which Sir
Usury Parnell gave notice on Friday,--namely, that the
Civil List then proposed should he subjected to a Select
Committee. The Hon. Gentleman moved for his Com-
mittee accordingly; he was opposed by the Chancellor of
the Exchequer, and on a division the numbers were—
With Ministers, and Against the Committee tot
Against Ministers, and for the Committee 03
We cannot speak decisively (Oho effect of such a division.
Sir R. Peel, on being asked by Mr. Haltom whether a
general retirement would he the coneequence, gave no
answer. Mr. Brougham considered the question as prem.'
tire, and was disposed to allow time for consideration, , It
isprobably one of thoee cases in which consideration cannot
supply much useful counsel. If the Duke of Wellington
and his colleagues cannot suddenly rally and defeat their
adversaries, they would act with more dignity to retire than
to be content to govern the nation under the controul of
a predominating opposition. The declaration against all
Reform, formidable enough 44 it was in itself, was rendered
yet snore ominous by the apprehension that it was meant
to cover also all other abuses and extravagancies, and to
protect the yet smoking remains of that system, by which
the nation has so severely suffered in its
,social comforts
and enjoyments, but of which system thewe Ministers were
not the author.. The suspension of the City feast almost
added derision to dislike, and the proceedinge in. Kent and
Seiner created terror. But many of those who swelled the
opposition of last night will look with great anxiety to the
formation of a Ministry opposed, in all its principles, to
that against which they voted,— Times.
The signal defeat of Ministers last nightie a sign of the
times, which it is imposoible to misunderstand. Sir. Henry
Parnell's motion for a Select Committee to inquire into the
detail* of the Civil List was carried by a majority of no
teas than twenty-nine, to the great horror of Ministers, who
were evidently as little prepared. for this melt as the Duke
of Wellington was for the indignation which the King's
Speech and his insoleot declaration against Reform have
excited throughout the country. The majority would have
been greater considerably, but for the circumstance of a
number of Members having been locked out while partaking
of refreshment, es owr readers.will see from . a list of some
of theta which we have given below. It is clear from the
language held by Ministers both last night and other nights
during the Session, that they are utterly unacquainted with
the present temper of the country. They speak as if the
resources of the nation were so abundant that the business
of a Minister was merely to discover. new channels of ex-
penditure. The Chancellor of the Exchequer said "he
would entreat the House to look at the Pension List, and
see bow much owner it was now than at former periods.
In the days of Mr. Burke, fixing the Pension List at
95,000/. was considered a reduction, and hailed as a mea-
sure of economy," But in the days of Mr. Burke the debt
did not amount to 800 millions. In .the: days of Mr.
Burke distress had not thriven the tenantry of extensive dis-
tricts to combine to suspend further payment of rents,
tithes, turd taxes, and the agricultural labourers were not
roaming about the country in bands, destroying property,
and throwing all who own it into the utruorst.consterna-
tine. The most industrious, hardworking peasantry of
,Europe have, by sheer misgovernment, totally changed their
character, and the law has become 4 dead letter. These are
not times for holding out precedents for prodigality. If we
lea teen less prodigal formerly we should have been IMO
embarrassed now ; and former prodigality having impaired
our meant, is the very best argument foepresent economy.
No man wishes that the alloWane.e to bus Majesty should
not he adequate 'to the maintenance of the Royal dignity.
Let, therefore, a sum be, once for all, set apart fur that
object. But there can be no good reason why material
branches of the nation*, expenditure should be mixed up
with the sixpences of the Sovereign, and thug a permanent
arrenyeatent of the Civil List, at the commencement of a
reign, should withdraw, not only the allowance to the So-
vereign, but various branches of stational expenditure,
ft UM time regular controul of Pediment, sad such arrange.
meat sir the exigenciee of time State may from tune to time
dement. The realm's% assigned by the Chancellor of the
Exchequer fur a contrary cause were of the most singular
character. "It appeared (he sail)) to he the opinion of
tome, that the Civil List ought to be separated into two
diathmet parte. diatioguialrine theist , requited fur the TIMM.
eery iplendour, dignity, and eounfort of tie NINO. ' h, front
that other portion of the public expeuiliture here. fore de-
frayed fruit; the Civil List ; and dratinotead tic lacing a
minima, Alai somewhat mere, at the disposal of ti Crown
for life, it was held, that all, accepting what wee ~ equired
for the personal vette:nal of the Klsmg, ought to be annually
voted by Pediment; anti that ninhing abonftl be granted
for the life of the Monate+, save only.the antoimt he men-
tioned. lie would put it to the House, whether it was
wire or prudent to make the regal authority an objeei of
reproach to ale ignorant and untlanhing. Let us only
look to tore impression to be made upon; the public, by
fixing in a precise form the personal and private essences
of the Monarch. If somewhat upwards of a million were
granted, and that souse of the public expenditure was de-
rived from that, it would not have the inconvenient and
dissolvatitageotor effect of fixing the ottentien on, and
placing beyond all doulot, the amount expended by the
Monatili;o4Ceien of •Oh l oh !') To enable the iii:dig.
posed to say that a little lees than tioo,ooo/. was expended
.00 the private and personal gratificitions of the Monarch,
would be eunceived calculated to bring the Monarchy into
*Whiny and distrusL" Well might the Mese, exclaim
" Ohl oh !" This is trifling with a vengeance Tlic
Right Honourable Gentleman's ' plan of concealment
is lewdly so good es that of the infant which bides
its head in its nurse's apron or gown, conceiving
itself unseen, because it oannot see. The trickery is too
stele. The Right Hon, Clindemen is far too honest a
man for his age and country. But what a libel he con-
veys
en the people, or on the Monarch t• for why should
the (,00,0001, bring the Monarch into obloquy, except
either the people, were unreaounable,, or the suns assigned
too large ? Ile would seem to insinuate that the sum is
too largest , That, however, la a snloject for inquiry in a
Committee. (If course the people are net so unreasonable
as to suppose that they can {Dive a King, and a., Court, and
the splendour of Royalty for nothing. The vote of last
night was considered as a death-warrant to the Ministry.
MI sorts of conjectures were instantly efloat with teepee
to thee mounter in which their places would be supplied,—
Mitiletets certainly gave it cut that they were certain of
success in this case. They have also given out that they
will have a ntsjority on the question of Reform; Under
the circumstances of the country, if they do not resign, we
anticipate a very different division from dew which their
retainers pretend they will have. We queation - if, in '
times like the present, there will be found is majority suffi—
ciently bold to declare tbat,they will not even enter on the
consideration of Reform..---Moreing Chronicle.
The two Houses of Parliament were lest eight occupied .'
with matters of paramount importance. The debates which '
ensued coronet fail to be read with interest, nor to he con-
*Wowed but with the most wines attention. Perhaps, in
modern time*, there has been no terstoodon in whieli public
euritwity, or senora anxiety, have beets wont identified
with them proceedings ; anol, certainly, there harenot been
one in which the result is mine likely to have an 'lnfluence
upon the present fortunes and futtire destiny of this great
empire. The questions at issue were, substantially in one
House, time arrangement of a Regency ;In ohm'' other, the,
stability of the present Ministry, Upon divest teen (plea.
tissue Parliament have differently decided, and we aidiei.
pato that the judgment will eon* upon but few of our
wader* with wavelet*, The proposition which the organ
of Government made in the House of Lords respecting the
guardianship of the infant Queen, and the Regettey of the
kingdom, in the lamentable event of the demise of
our truly-beloved Sovereige, will lied as few (limn-
tieuts nut of doors as it has found within time walls of
the tipper House of Parliament—dont the judgment of
the liaise of Chumming upon the Mitiletere plan for
the Civil. List will, at hiked, taut come upon the public by
trattoria.. fu both 'Wel different qoalitiea have received
their demote t upoe one hand, the deansetic virtue* of an
initiation; lady have Goan crowns d with the iritzbeet reward
Whieli a ll,itioll scan bestows—a station's confiderwei SW
upon the other, the avowed tiliftgard of the peOplea wishes
Lae been reprobeted ley the solemu obreirsion of the people'.
neprommentativel: The Lord Chatieettor was the party
chosen to bring the que4ati of time &VIVI, 644. re the
' House of Lords. The Leanne/ Lord, with 104 usual or.
epicuity, explained the views er Government upon the
*toloject. live plan wait abort, simple., toil, he properly
' 41403134101, popular. Government had game about. the
Metier in it buomiroonstiloo we i priwidiog for the Wait elegem.
Ka 11l Windt einhoressing Itonif with imaginary events, or
Imprehotide . nuatingtmedes. The greast itesetiooe were —at
abet s- 14 -`m-
~0 - the Prireeeere Victoria,
Themoe now 'ifs her
who was Um he the
t the form -of a Re-
event of a dendlie
lic tha Learned Lord
contingeosey happowd,
eetroto all of the
s Legislators to provide
for. Ile then proposed
' at eighteen; that her
and domestic devotion

ami

he pronounced an eloquent and just encomium, should
Guardian aml Regent, and that the powers thus con»
ferred upon the Duchess of Kent be unqualified by any
contrtml delegated to a Council of Regency, or Any other
body whatever. The Learned Lord's rea,oning upon this
port of his proposition, which, hoot the pains that he
took, be evidently thought the most debateable of all, we
worthy of careful perusal. lie pointed out the dangets
of a Regency Council ; the rational fears to he appre-
boded from the influence of atnbitious individuals; the
unpopularity and invidiousness of such influence ; and,
finally, the complete identification of the mother ►.f
the Princess, who could not herself, in any event,

succeed to the Crown, with the interests of the infant
Queen. Ile showed._ that the precedents of 1751 and
1810 dill not apply to the case. The Duchess of Kent
was to be sole guardian of the child, and Regent of the
kingdom,- till her daughter was of lawful age, uncontrolled
by any body but the ordinary responsible Ministers of the
Crown ; and the only case excepted was that of a posthu-
mous child of her present. Majesty. In such a case, as it
might he presumed that Parliament could not immediately
or conveniently legislate, it was provided that her Majesty
was then to be placed, to all intents and purposes, in the
same situation with respect to her child that the Duchess
Of Kent now stood with respect to the Princess Victoria.
For any contingency during his Majesty's life, it was a,.
sinned that Parliament would be always able to proviil,
This plan, so far as the silence of Noble Lords can be in-
terpreted, seemed to give general satisfaction, Lord Eldon
alone saying he should reserve his opinion of its merits till
he was more instructed is the details. The stillness of
the House of Lords was strongly contrasted with the storm
with which Ministers were assailed in the House of Com-
mons. -There-they- have been utterly discomfitted and
defeated, Various have been the speculations as to
the power of the ttulce of Wellington with the new
Parliament. The question is now set at rest. In
this first trial of strength the Ministry have sustained
a total overthrow. The test of their influence was
the Civil List Already had the Chancellor of the
Exchequer opened his plan, stated reformations in

. . .
this branch of the public burdens, mystified its arrange-
ments, and taken credit for considerable reductions. It
would not do. Parliament could not understand, not-
withstanding the abundance of sophisms with which it
was assailed, that the " hereditary" revenues of the Crown
did not mean those which his Majesty took by inheritance
Duchy of Lancaster was yearned sfter ; an account
upon the score of reform was to be settled with the Duke,
and, in effect, a division took place, in which the Ministers
were left with a majority of twenty-nine against them.
We must refer our readers to the report of the debate
which led to this result. It will well reward the perusal.
It began by Sir Henry Parnell's moving an amendment
to refer the question of the Civil List to a select Com-
mittee up stairs, instead of one of the whole House.
Then came the Chancellor of the Exchequer's reply, and
those of other Members, an bath tides, whose arguments
and reasoning are lucidly represented in another part of
our Paper. Upon a division there appeared—
For Ministers 2.94

Against them
Majority against Ministers .--29

The reault, as mny he supposed, WO received with the

loudest aceLmations, and a Select Committee was named.
Mr. Ilubhouse then, very naturally and significantly,
asked Ministers whether, after this signal defeat, they
were prepared to go on with the business of the Govern:.
meat ? but no'answer was given. The majority would
have been swelled by the votes of nine More Members, if
they had not been accidentally abut out from the division.
If these Memberi, whose names will be found elsewhere,
had voted, the actual majority against Ministers would be
35. In other respects the proceedings of the House'were
not unimportant. Mr. St4nley asked Sir Robert Peel if
Mr. Bathurst, the son of the. President of the Council,
who had been last year voted out of a situation under
Government, leul not been appointed to the idlice of
Clerk of the Council—a sinecure of 2,6001. a year—
vacant by the death of Mr. Buller. The Right lion.
Secretary declared: his ignorance, not only of the alleged
appointment, but of the death of Mr. Buller. One of the
curiosities of the Ohioe upon the Civil List was, that
Mr. Calcraft declared he had not matte up his mind
whether or no he should support the Ministers ! Before
the important motion on the Civil List, a oonverention 'of
some interest arose upon a question put by Mr. 11. Sum-
ner to the Home Secretary with respect to the incendiary
proceedings now going on in the different counties. 'll e
Hon. Pentleman wished to know whether it was the
intention of Government to increase the power of the Ma-
gistrates in the present crisis, or whether it was considered
that their powers were already sufficient. Sir _Robert
Peel recommended : local vigilance above all things, and
stated that the present law authorised Magistrates to swear
in special ou-stables in anticipation of the commission of
lidony or riot. But though he could not disclose what
measures he was taking Ihr the detection of the of-
fenders, he pledged himself to support any proposition
which was likely to facilitate that object, whether by ins
creasing the power of Magistrates fur the time being, or
by any other mode of proceeding. All that passed is
worthy the attention of the reader.--Morning Herald.
Mr, Stanley last night put questitin to Sir Robert
Peel, on a eobject of bottle consequence at the preaent time
as illustrative of the economical character of Ministere.
One of the Clerks of the Council (Mr. Buller) had, he
said, died that thy, mullie asked if there was any intention
on Rho part of the Government to abolish his place, which
was •use'ess, although the possessor received 2,6001.
a-year. Sir R. Peel had not heard of the gentleman's death
until that moment, and had not therefore turned his wen-

tion to the subject. It appeared, however, from what af.
termini's transpired, that another Minister had been more
lucky—namely, Lord Bathurst, President of the Council ;
and that he had instantly appointed his son, Mr. Bathurst,
'to the, vacant sinecure. The names of ttvo gentlemen,
sons of Cabinet Ministers, Messrs. Bath** and Dundee,
muet be somewhat familiar to most of our readers, in con-
nection with a division of last year, which ousted them of
their eitrectmai But a defeat only sharpens their
dili-
gence. These gentlemen remind us of what travelers tell
us of the monkeys in the East, which are so expert at ap..
propriation, that even while the countrymen, armed with
a stick, is watching his store of provisions, one of them
will contrive to snatch part of it from him. A blow is
disregtualed. Before it can be repeated, the dexterous
has effected its purpose. These is no guarding
agsinet animals possessed of such uncommon talents for
appropriasian„—Aforning Chroniek.
The Ministry has been defeated!' and left in a minority
Of no fewer than 29 ; and that, too, not on the first
question only on which a division has taken place:, but on
one which it might naturally enough have been expected,
would haVe proved Lou delicate and embarrassing for the
feeble and 'gnomish- representatives of the people in the
present day—the Civil List I—We. rejoice at the result as
the triumph of truth over deception—of wisdom over
'fally—ofirerspicuoue and unvarnished statements over
mystification and political humbug. It was clear to every
one that the King's personal income ought to be sepa-
rated froM the salaries, and caution:* of salaries, of
ambassadors, envo a, judges, Ise. in order, if for
no other season' that the public might not be led to

imagine, that the whole *um voted under the title of Civil
List, amounting to a million sterling or upwards,- went to
defray the maintenance of the the, no ; and, as, will be
seen by the vote of the House of Commons,' the principle
has at length been reeognized, and, we trust, will be anted
111/011. The next point iz, wit the Ministry now go out?
The question was put 14st night to the Thuile Secretary,
but he was silent; anti, looking to what took place last
year, a really are not yet sanguine respecting their dis-
position to qu;:, The vote of last night is, however, a
fiir warning, and a aloilley vote on the question of reform,
must eurely iiet.sfy them of their mnpopultrity, and unfit.
me for office.—Aforniny Advert bor.
It is linpcxutihle to think for a moment of the great std
important moo., tebiel stands for discussion this
evening, and for the ptoh,-,otinjj or opposition of which
the whole of the Opposition end Mini.at.trizi Preto will be
gathered together, without feeling that whetewer truly be
the fate a tbe question of reform in Parliament, it has
on its vide nut the pommr and the ignorant only, but almost
the whole of the most eeekipt!tble part of the community,
and, indeed, every one except i,La koroughmungers, and
dines wbo, beld;rig Government offices, os. reeeiving Go.
vernment pezggps, must necessarily be against it. bt
Birmingham, our readers are aware that there existe a
political union, posverW iu 441Pbers and in influence,
whirs* express object and end it is to peon-ote rrt reform in
the reptewitation, of the people—in Liverpool a 11141;lar
.tesociation Hole tfen established—Glasgow hoe also
followed the example, se? we learn from the Glasgow
Papers received yesterday—anti in our advertising
voluutua of this day, will he found resolutions,
almost unanite.ously passed, of the Common Council of
the city of London, whie.b are strongly in favour of -the
same view of the subjeet. go that here we have at once
the fenr greatest commercial cities of /heat brirain, all
advocating, with one voice, a reform of the repeeeents...
rion ; and we need not add, that time is only wanting to
chew, that every borough, village, and hamlet, are ready
to follow theirexamphs. . It is but top well hodwn, how-
ever, th,tt it is very possible fur the country to -have but
mks op;spion upon a subject, and for the Government and
the Legislature to deeide in the very teeth of it ; and tva
have, therefore, none Wight misgivings, notwitlistandinj

the unanimity of almost every class of the population,
hut that which profits by the abuses of the representation,
tespecting the fate of Mr. Brougham's motion, reasonable
.
in every respect as it is; but we do not, therefore, despair
of its nltimate,success. The longer that reform is delayed,
the mote certain it is to be carried, and the more sweeping
and effectual It most he; for there is no 14 abiding place"
firr corruption and misrule, any more, than there is for
falsehood, and reform is as certain to triumph, as troth
itself to break through tbe thick clouds of ignorance and
error.--Morning didverther.

THIRD EDITION..
SUN OFFICEi Seven,o' Clock.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT

THIS EVENING.

ROUSE OF LORDS.

At Half-past Four their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of
Gloucester and Cumberland entered the House.
Lords HAWUWICKE, HADDINGTOW, DACRE, nod
Winnuocuvev, presented petitions from various parts,
against the eentinuance of slavery.
The Duke of RlCHMONDpresented a petition froinK en t,
complaining of the hurthen of taxation,.sad the great ge-
neral distress prevailing in that county.

RESIGNATION OF
MINISTERS ! !

The Loan CIIANCILLOR took his seat on the Woolsack,
at Ten Minutes to Five. The space below the Throne was
crowded to excess with gentlemen, principally Members
of the House of Commons.
The Duke of WELLINGTON entered the House at
five minutes before five, and took his seat as usual
on the Ministerial Benchei. In a very few minutes
afterwards he rose, and in an instant the most
profound silence prevailed. His Grace was very
hoarse, looked ill, and spoke in an alMost in.
audible voice. We understood hi►n to say..—" My Lords,
it is my duty to state to the House, that in conse►luence of
what occurred lastnight in the other House of Parliament, I
have thought it my duty to wait on his Majesty this
day, and to tender to his Majesty my resignation of the
office I hold. His Majesty has been graciously .pleased
to accept of the same, and I now hold the office only till
my successor is Appointed.

Lord TEYNHAM said that in consequence of what
had just fallen from the Noble Duke, he should withdraw
his notice of motion, and postpone it to another day.
Lord GROSVENOR seeing a Noble Lord (Earl
Bathurst) in his place, begged to ask a question relative
to the Office of the Cleris,4l the Council, which had be-
come vacant by the death of Mr. Buller. He had beard
that the Noble Lord bad filled up that office almost within
24 hours of the vacantly occurring, which statement be
could scarcely give credit to. The Noble Lord must
have known that at least it was doubtful whether
that office should be filled again or not, and
if he had really been aware of that doubt, it became
hint to have paused before he had proceeded to make u
new appointment. He wi4ted to know whether the ap•
puintment bad really been made.

- Earl BATHURST rose and said, " My Lords, I am
not going to enter into the question respecting the propriety
or non-propriety of filling that office, which became vacant
by the death of Mr. Butler—all I mean to say is that the
office did become vacant, and that it is now filled again,
the appointment having been made.....-(Burets of laughter
from one end of the House to the other.)
Lord WYNORD presented a R:titi,m front a parish in
Northumberland, against Negro Slavery.
The Duke of GLOUCESTER presented several peti-
tions to the same effect.

Their Lordship, moo at Twenty Minutes to Six o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The Gallery was opened this day at One o'clock, when
every at Allotted to strangers was immediately filled, in•
deed we scarcely ever remember to have seen the rush
greater on any former occasion.
At Three o'clock the SPRA ER took the Chair, et which
time the body of the Muse was completely filled with
Members, and a oneidetable number were in the side
galleries.

Mr. JOHN SMITH was about to present a pe-
'tition, but the SPEAKER being informed that it was
a public one, informed the Hon. Member that, according
to the arrangement that had been entered into, no 'petitions
of a public nature could be read before four o'clock.
Petitions, praying for the abolition' of negro "'every,
were presented from Borate'', North Britain, .by Mr.
Littleton ; from West Bromwich, by Lord Str*thaven ;
from five places in Ireland, by Mr. Lefroy ; from Royston,
and another Outdo Cambridgeshire, by Lord Francis
Osborne ; from twe places in Durham, by Sir Francis
'ike.; and also from several other places.
Sir ROOTER GBESLEY presented a petition from Run-
derland praying for a 'eduction of the duty on Sea.borne
coals.

vilat no WO 14;* majority oi tt
flit tfeitit,irkilfatipo44oiali -to the 1
twatt 1047,..,. ' 1 .00'.0,4? ,
to e t
illgOr);(, I' What
04*
i:;"
Iv
tit it* , ~,, .. , ~.. loilit
httpl4. *P. , : 441rittle(4, a t
te,ettittlic ' +Ai' 4 0110. tiV 1 t
--41
11,1!4f0t1,,,,' , *',
.' *f#l4,lltiAof 'l3l ttbv
for' flab A Atoit itiaviwiity tient
that Iff*Ailkt 4',,,, pliitterity tie fitted
mother, 14;1111 iIIOSC filial tdrection
