LONDON, THURSDAY EVENING, JULY 7, 1831.

iHIPPING INTELLIGENCE--('PHIS DA V.

FROM 'LLOYD'S.
FALMOUTH, Jci.v s.—Wind W. to N.W.—Arrived th
itanmer packet, from Lisbon—sailed the 2.oth ult.,- and th
Gipsey, Brags, from Aux Capes.
STANDGATE CREEK, JCIA G.—Arrived the Nortinunber
land, Wright, and the Olive Branch, Mason, from St. Peters.
burgh Hope,-Elder, from Avon ; Nicholson, —, from Brit..
tort ; .Follett, —.Sarah, Jones, and Chance, Potter, from Riga
and Sovereign, Miller, from Libeau.
BRISTOL, JITY 6.—A rrived the Nelson, Weir, from Bar
'sadoes ; -Adelaide, Barrett, from Prince Edward's Island: Fel
Drysdale, from St. Andrew's, and the Ctesadrine, Bartel,
from Nantes.

V A IPA R A ISO, FEB. ‘22.—The Collings and Marianne, wer,
totally wrecked on the ISth inst., twenty-five miles to the south.
yard of this port.

Extract of a letter from the Agents to Lloyd's, at Ostend
stated July 6 :—" The Governor of this province has given strii !
orders, from yesterday, that no vessel bearing a quarantine gar,
in coining eastward from ports beyond the Weser, shall ente•
this port • for the preseir. Three vessels have been refused ei
trance. One was the Concordia, Captain Vos, from Riga, whith
.s gone to Flushing "
Extract of a letter from the Agents to I.loyd's, at St. Übe's,
dated June 16:—" The - French • brig Olympe, Veliant, from
L'Orient, is arrived here. The- Government has sent orders to
permit her to load salt, and depart unmolested, having grantee
the usual and necessary passports for her to pass the castle."
The Ann, Mackenzie, from Jamaica to Liverpool, was on the
Colorados Reef for five days, but got off on the 21th of May. -
The Agent to Lloyd's at Lisbon, under date of the 20th ult.,
gives the following list of the captures made by the French.—
The Incomparable, from Pernambuco ; Vistis transport, from
Cape de Verdi ; Julius Cassar, from Rio de Janeiro ; Urania
corvette off Terceira ; brig Dau Amegos, from Cape de Verds ;
brag Tragano, bound to Oporto ; brig St. Jaw., from- Maranham
and the Bon Jesus, from Lisbon .to St. Michael's. The agent
writes that " The Lizia, front Santos, is also said to be taken.
We cannot positively ascertain if the three brigs have been cap-
tured, but such is the current report."

rovellanos, could not keep the Cortes together—could not say,
their country from confusion—and, therefore, the cases bein
'racily analogous, it is not to be expected that the Imperial Par,
'lament can deal with the statistical and arithmetical details n
cur representative system without incurring the same risks
end undergoing the same calamities. 11',:w conclusive is thei.
seasoning' Restin ! upon recent experience, and deriving
orength from the authority of history, they are really irre-
ragab e They call up Lord Somers and the managers of the
of Those great loon, they say, &lie,
'
n having done so little ; in not having on a single poin
_,xceeded the necessity of the case. The little of the Revolut lot
vas, however, a great deal—it expelled a reigning Monarch, ex-
,inguished hereditary right to the throne, and practically pro
!minced the British Monarchy to he an elective one. Truly.
hose great men did all that was then necessary. The danger ir
which the civil and religious privileges of the people were the,
l,,cprised came from the misconduct of the King ;—the eye of-
sbtlai
state
nuisance, and
representationand ev •.
tended, and they plucked it out. Mc Aristocracy were not ge-
nerally tainted; the Corporations were sound, and the people
were Protestant and patriotic; but the King was a Papist, and
nhtailnacnocrne become at
at
the releitto,t,e;dhi siphreespertn,c,ee
there is no complaint against the privileges of the House of Lord ,
or against the prerogative of the Crown. His Majesty's preset.
Ministers, therefore, do not presume to meddle with either the
one or the other; following the wise example set by Lord Somers,
they seek the removal of the nuisance, and moreover they, liki
Turd Somers, endeavour to do so In such a manner as to prove: t
i s recurrence. Was the proceeding taken at the Revolutior
without objection? Did not the substitution of King Wil-
liam, for his father in-law, carry on the face of it somethiny
disgu-ting and offensive to the common feelings of domestic
life? Na', was not England, by the accession of King William,
and the succession of the House of Brunswick, committed to an
inevitable entanglement in Continental wars? Did not Lord
Somers and his associates perceive this consequence? No doubt
they did so ; but the pressing evils were the character and the
des:gn,Of King James, and they put aside the fundamental prin-
ciple of the Monarchy, at all hazards, to save the country from
slavery, or a civil war ? To us it appears that the present Re-
form Bill, viewed as a Constitutional change, is trifling, when
compared with the dispossession effected by the revolution. Con.
fiscation and banishment were, at that period, pronounced
against one branch of the Government, on the ground of recent
delinquency;—in the present instance the confiscation exists
only in the perverted understandings and imaginations of the
Tories, and banishment is left to their own option—an option
which, we will venture to predict, even few professed travellers
amongst them will avail themselves of. We rather think that
they will continue, under a Reformed Parliament, to say with
Cowper :
hngland, with all thy faults, I love thee still."—licrald. • •
The debate on the second reading of the Reform Bill was
brought to a conclusion last night, and the divis'on took place
after a discussion which lasted till half-past four this morning,
when the numbers proved to be 367 for and 2111 against the mea-
sure, leaving a majority of 136. The speechee delivered on the
Constitutional side by Mr. Wrangham, Lord Val'etort, Sir C.
Wetherell, and, above a 1, Sir R. Peel, merit deep attention for
the irrefragable cogency of their arguments; and the sound
views they display of the subject will be those adopted by all the
rational and steady portion of the community. But the artifices
that have been resorted to for securing a majority in the House
of Commons to the revolutionary measure have gained the anti-
cipated success; and reason, prudence, and pattjotism are for
the time borne down in the torrent. Radicalism N'a-s won a tem-
, porary triumph, but no fear need be entertained for the ultimate
ascendency of the good cause of the Constitution.— Morn. Post.
