his seat upon the hustings, and the day's proceed,.
ings Wire- opened with the ceremonies usually
adopted':on such occasions.
The, Mat Sitetties: said,—Freeholifers of the
county of York, you are assembled here' this day
for the purpose of electing those who are to be your
reptventatives in Parliament`; ft behores you to do
it With judgment, and at the same t;rne with discre-
tion,—to give every freeholder a fair and impartial
hearing; and to come to such a conclusion you
muit wait and hear patiently any arguments that
may be advanced in support of' the respective can-
didatea,—(Cheers.) You well know how impor-
taut this right is, therefore I request of you to
exercise it in an orderly manner, to commit no
bleach of the peace, but let your deliberations this
day be worthy of the great object we have in view.
--(Cheers.) lam determined to protect the public
peace, and for that purpose have sworn in such a
numbn of constables as I thought requisite for that
purpose. I now therefore call upon any freeholder
to propose a candidate for the representation of this
county.
Sir W. Forit.ts, High Sheriff and
Brother Freeholders, I come forward to propose the
Hon. William Duncombe ass most fit and proper
person to represent this large county in the ensuing
Parliament. I need only refer you to his past con•
duct, which will influence you much more forcibly
n the choice of him than any thing I can say' in his

_
behalf.—(Cheers.)
Mr. Alderman HALL seconded the nomination.
Sir JOHN JOHNSON, Bart., presented himself
amidst universal applause and cheering. The
re-
signutiott of Lord Milton having created a vacant:y
in the representation of the county, it had fallen to
his lot to
.propose a gentleman in his stead, whose
political creed was the same with that highly re.
spected gentleman's, and who was a member of the
!time class of society. The worthy Baronet' con-
eluded with proposing Lord Morpeth.
Mr. Csiastexs Woou, M.P.— Iu compliance with
the wishes of those to whose better judgment. I feel
nsystsif bound to defer, I stand here to seemi the
nomination of. Lord Morpeth.—(Cheers.) Gernlee
teen, I need nut to you, who know him so well,who
have so long witnessed his tried and Obeli services,
expatiate upon the claims to oar gratitude Of Lord
Milton,---(Cheers.) Gentlemen, i will leave to
Others the pleasing duty of pronouncing his eulegiser.
more upright nisn, a more faithful guardian of
your interest', and a more acidosis advocate of your
rights, you need not and cannot support. Gentle-
men, hard will be the task of him who steps into his
Vacant place ; but, gentlemen, hard as that task may
be, I feel no hesitation in seconding, as a worthy
Successor to him, my noble friend Lord hiorpetli,!--
(Cheers.) Like him, a worthy member of the eria.
tocracy, lie has made the cause of the people his
own.—(lmmense cheering.)
Wat. BEYERLBT, Esq., of Beverley, said, he
Should not occupy the time of the meeting by a itror
speech or many observations. There were, he at 4'
mined, two objections to his friend Mr. Bothell; he'
was too much of a Whig to please one party, and
too much of a Tory to please the other; hut, for his
,
m
art, he thought there was very little ueresies
between a moderate Tory and a temperate Whigl,
Indeed, the ideas connected with' the terms Wing.
end Tory were so indistinct and so ill defined, that'
they could be considered little better than rick.
names. It was the extremes of the characters which'
he thought dangerous, and he knew of a thoroughe
going ultra-bigoted Tory as great a radical as the
veriest sans salads that over masted, and be had
known u Whig as bigoted as such a Tory. For: my
own part, if I was satisfied of his integrity, .1 should
have no objection to commit my interests and the
interests of the county---I should find no fault siiits
his opinions. I would leave him to foeM and id
fdllow his own conscientious opinions. I prepose to
you Mr. Bethel!, because I know him to be a man
of stainless integrity, of clear perception, and of
masculine understanding, and I know that ha will
employ these with unwearied industry in your service.
J. 11. S. Moaner', Esq., seconded the nomination.
DANIEL SYKEs, Esq., M.P. proposed Henry
Brougham, Esq., as a fit and proper person to repre-
sent the county of York in Parliament.' He expa-
tiated at some length on that gentleman's' wonderful
talents, and the great good he bad effected for the
community. The lowness of his voice prevented
the Hon. Gentleman from being well heard.-
%%ileums' antscurten, Esq., banker,'. of Settle 4
Gentlemen, I stand here As the friend 'of Mt.
Brougham, and as a member of the Societref Felendi.
Distinctly I state to you, that they are supporting
the Hon. Gentleman on that prinetple which they
have supported ever since they publicly avowed it in
this yard, to the election of the late Mr. Wilberforce.
—(Cheers.)--They came forward as the' friends of
humanity, to mist you to further the election. oral
Hon. Friend.—(Cheers.)—l stand here, not as the
advocate of my Hon. Friend because of his opinions
and exertions on this subject only, but as his advo-
cate upon every principle which he has maintained
during his political life.—(Loud cheers.)--1 am
sure, gentlemen, as I set out by saying, you will con-
sider it good taste in me not to take up much 'ofyour
time, I shall therefore content myself by seconding
my honourable, distinguished, exe* fleet, and 'endeared
friend, Mr. Brougham, as a fit and proper person to
represent this county.—(Cheers.)
Mr. DUNCOMMI was received with cheer", and
addressed the assemblage as follows High
Sherd and Gentlemen, I have the honour to Present
myself before the assembled freeholders of the county
of York this day, for the purpose of again iolieiting
at their hands the high and important trust orre..
presenting them in Parliament.-e-(Cheere.)Gene
tlemen I stand before you as a perfectly hulipendent
man, determined, if again sent to Parliament us your
representative, to discharge the duty whieh 'deeolves
upon me as I have hitherto discharged* I will
de Tote my ardent seal and persevering labours to
the promoting of your welfare and, the advancement
of your interests.—(Cheers.)—Any infmnsatien
that any gentleman may wish for, any explanation
any freeholder may require, as to my past conduct,
or of my views as to the future, it will be ray duty
as well us my inclinetion to.give it. There is tome
subject to which I must, however briefly, ellude,
because I find I have been grossly misrePresented
upon it. I allude to the *trivet of.eeloniel Slavery.
And I must say I heard with estonislinient,
surprise, awl with regret the declaration made
by my Hon. Friend and worthy resident of Leeds,
when he said that placards have been posted in
that, town saying that I was an adrocate for co-
lonial slavery! Gentlemen, I abhor colonial elevery.
I will yield to no man in an anxious desire to see it
abolished and extinguished, anti my public conduct
will show to every man the sincerity of my. prat**,
sions.—(Cheers.).--Gentlernen, haying said ,#t+
much, I feel that I should stow be trespieeing on
your patience, anti indulgence, and kitidnese. were 1
to enter at length upon any subject.—(" onig, o
011"—ts voice said in the crowd---" Etat IndiaMo-
nopoly.")—Sir, I am decidedly opposed to the
India monopoly.—(Cheere.)--eThet fit. what have
stated at other placese.aed I slaty thetfeerlesstY-10.
day in the Castle-yard, and support same of
those measures that may be proposed orettot:tt it.
Lord Mostiesvm came forward, earl was rescued
with applause.; Gentlemen, I sun hero before you
in a sittradidirat once new, fearlfeel,,otruiliodt
teei-el)aootis-It.
even thought' of as a canditiete for the repre4entims
t
reor4iciesielopuonntytheofhilgrlotrk;lll4llllliitoings fearful fur
furth me
to
t
e
dir•stimati;:inehleta4lliii)ligeolliotl)l.rulalucialtigiolierlittlr.hditn:tilvilitpw‘isigtivnitco.s.ltte_allt)trlfillo,,ttle):l_*tni:slciv:yietaer:lrtrl_ootif.ralistin'fiyl:tu_liwinibddeolieeeoubtate;ierishf:lttivalcllle4il4l,‘4l::h‘ft:4ll:l:ioepl4lllllll
n
wn
l
(atu;neit tin:ettoletitriootsiu:ig—btiliv;obin‘f:fioloiltr: utiui
indifferenteton ‘iyi lo 41 once elixul►r»
iiittowotouldinhcat;stre, itinovdoldve:sittit;ai
it4wp.ston.t.coe
