'g
you to etiettkutegesese(Cheers.)—
The call, enthren,
has been renewed, on the condition that the result
of this election into be decided, not by the puree
or twee of your cendidates, but by the free votes and
nebought support of the electors.—(Cheere.)—
Yon, geotlemen, have had 'the vitt on to re.eche
that call, and I will not have the faintheartedness
to decline it—(Apnlituse)—for I well know,
geotlemen, that your invitation anti that my chimer
sit success. depends not indeed non My personal
fitness, which my friends on each side of me have
dwelt upon in far too tl t riling terms, but upon the
attachment to those principles wh ch I believe we
hold and love in common,— (Cheers.)--!Lnder this
view it is indeed a high gratification tame to pre.
sent myself to this assembly, the honest yen.
seamy and skilful manufacturers of Yprkshite. W.
are sometimes accused, gentlemen, of taking
a foolish pride in our country ; pride in out
county I hope we shall always feel; but ii
would be a foolish pride if we placed it exclusiVely;
er even principally, on tint richness of our soil, the
extent of ourhorelers, the beetoies of our scenery, ol
even the product, of our induetry; but it ceases to
be a foolish pride, if we make it consist in setting
an example in Englend of maintaining tte petit), of
the elective franchise; of befriending the claims of
humenity, and of vindicating the cause of fieedom.
(Cheere.)—lt is 6164, geolemen, for me and for
the post tis Math I aspire, that I should now no
viver4 I,N y for your support, but appeal to you,
,judgeetient—not only ask you for your votes, ho
seaVe.to you my principles. In stating to you what
'those principles are, it seems mental to me to begin
with the highest, which is religion.. I hope that I
may say, without incurring any charge of cant or
hypocrisy, that however intolegeate my performtmees
may always he, 1 trust I have a due sense of thai
principle which is the only safe guarantee of every
ethwe. 1 do. not of course allude to the different
and sects which divide the opinion of this
*wintry, but to that which I hope ha:hetes us
the worship of a common Creator, the doctrines o!
a common gospel, and the faith of a common cross.
(Meer, hear.)—But upon public and political silk
ierth of all the prieciples which can guide hub.
Vitiftali and at:lrene(' communities, which can raise
the eherecter or promote the happiness of the human
race, next to religion the first and best
iti face tons,
(Cheers.)—You will ask me, geotlemen, boW,
apply thin principle. 10 the principa que•tions of out
own time, lam as ready ors any one to admit that the
institutions under which we live eiribracti a vet y higl
degree of eivil and religious f. ee•loni ;' but nt the emu
sitar 1 I hick ties scope and additional .ecurity may b,
given to the exercise of that Trincipie. 1 think espy-
Oally that there :is much groomd for improv,
'meet in the represeetatiotet of the people in Patine.
caseate---(Cheers.).-Miniy cl,eses of this great coin,:
nomity.—many sat 6060 o hose representatives t tney.
say I see around me, or, to HI better in one WOni
the main body of the peeole, are not; in my
opinion, adequately tepresentell.--(Cheers.)Peeis
are represented within the walls' of the House 0
Commons; corporations are repreq,utted ; and rot tee
boroughs are represented there; hut Leeds, sins,
Sheffield, and II rmitighenr, end-Glasgow, nod Mari.
cheater, and other towns are not represented. NOV% ,
gentlemen, till this be so, till the voice of the people
is heard in ParliaMent with a force which Governowl.
most acknowledge, and which legielat urea most obey
---(Loud and continued cheers`)---,- I 'doubt whirthel
the interests of the people will meet with eufficient
attention, or their wants' with telequete relief.;,--
(Chetire4s-sThe Wasteful eystem of expenditure—.
(Lima chetirs)—whether iii our civil charge's, in our
diplomecy, or In our colonies, will not be reformed,
—the numberless foimtnitiAientls of corruption will
not be effeetuelly sill then dried np. The amount
of taxation which, presses heavily upon your trier.
gins► and ferbids 'them to attains their mound scope,
will not, till you exert yourselves by your represete
Wives, he aileginttely removed or lightened.—
(c gertilettioll, that a reformed
Hone* of Commons would have far more strength
to defeat auras of those monopolists which tio bend
in heed with excessive teaches to comma the nos
timed resources,—(Cheers.)-I%m you doubt, gen-
amen, that if the hops mennfacturing Owns were
repteseeted in Perlianteet, a moeopoly, for instance,
like that of the East Imila Company, would be
swept away is; an hour ? A monopoly whiele
excludes the products of Yorkshire and Englund
at large from vine of the most copious markets
in the world,. In our, dominions, among our owiti
fellow-soltieets, whom otherwise we Should help;
to civilise whilst
.we enriched oursefeetes—(Chears;)
—There is torother subject of legislation til'htr ti,
1 desire to are very much altered—tint corn laws.
(Cheers,)l know that I am addressing a mixed tri.i
',toddy, both of consumers end producers of corn;
hut yott ere, gentlemen, one Hod oil of you, eaters
of blciois Rod it never cm mot. a tantetry
never will enable our industry to thrive, or cowls
mercy to extend,---if we unnecessarily raise the
price anti stint the quantity of the daily bread srr
sloes— (Cheers.) Hut believe me, gentlemen,
whether you briozig, like myself, to the landed be.
tette, whether, as workmen 'Too handle the spade
err tbe shuttle, or whether in higher ranks of society
you litre upon the lebonts ohm 401040'101M tenantry,
or the honourable enterprise of commerce, our late•
rests ere not separate and single, hint reciprocal and
tanitetl: --(Loud upplause.)-a;We etemembers of the
attune community, our depressions -end our successes
almost affect each other, 'anti while our duty ins
tartlet* tie that we ought to be the, best Mende, our
inierestX teach Us that we ere the best rustomers
for each other. It Is this sympathy. which tibovi
all thingsbeeides I wish-tosee- exist awl grow atitoti
all dallies' arid all 'reeks, whir' the wealthy portico.
of the- iforiltrinnity shell feel 'that their most real
*remit), is in the comfort of the industrious, and
when the higher shall Inow that their woe
seise iqiiiptirt is ire the contentment of the lower. It
Is thk,ame feeling which leads me lit entertain de.
rAed hostility to the, protein.; system of thelame
laws. I think them conceived in a bad spirit, end
that' they have a bad rendenct ; they make, neighs
hours itrdriendty, landlorils mipepular, and thek
trews -disaffected.- And, indeed, who would have,
city doubt of this, when we see what is the prat.-
.
twal east of protection:, leash' to tumultuous
scents, turbulent. habits, vintlietiVe feuds, long
awl demoralising impristinatimts, anti : ' occasions
tidy to midnight : bbiodshed.: 'Close art:. :the
priecipal raw into, which octir to me with-reference
to the topics which roost interest us at hems. A
very short glimpse will suffice for those that concern
tie thrived, The country whir* itt nearest .to our
own,'' with which we have had moat frequent cut,
lisione 'in all the passages of our I ranee:
Plante is now the scene of reemonelde events. Jat
• us hope that they may (smith, in Ono' the suede Of
r< better end happier eraos4Checrs.),..-But whets
ever may be their bearing upon Preistut anti ueort
Englaird, I 'trust there is ono lute, which in
Englentrshell rigidly prescribe- to ourselvert"—nut to
interfere.—(Chtere.)—Ler us leave to Vrattee the
managemeni of her own coneerson:: We have had
tea much, 'we have paid too much,: Mr a cootrary
Corona. We still, rtrust, are able to wield the
es Ord, but We 'cannot -defray the cost of the hooch
amts a laugh.)—Or if there:is any, lesson
to ha derived from what is passing there, ler it
teach us .0 regard With altdnion4l care awl seal Ow
!awe awl liberties which the rider*. of b'rattee ,have
lit sirs mid enough to invade and: thus, while Irvr
ifirsup tr share tier attachment to freedom, we shell
wh it is doomed to at as- the
trit sit a ,
xp,oo64(l74yfluotolkworitiott phillarolitopt;t,
opt,ta f7rt4'l': the triuwphanu
the globe.—vefietot,,iet+a corner uf
Don b4tgool, or u (visual 'Pts '""Y th'"hon)
• •
Folios or revives P0tt0...-t ~., • '" rrhoprce*
trims wt • • •
we must not forget that it la
ti*Ultir to take care that the filers ix
nt
should btrezteuded tout rot in ontoiAn anal
ittrionetto, own, (mow- nb,iert*. ;.- 44j,5„, s
rites - all
gentle Men, desire and derreind the speedi,„r poasitilta
übolition of negro blavery.—(Cheers.) You. trays
itietti leech to his credit trout Nr, Duncombe, I he.

eve you will hear from all the candidates as-
isAurancea of their concurrence in this Christian oh•

jeit,,,-(Cheers.) I believe._ this has not been, as
Somebody has hinted, the reason exclusively, yet
certainly very signally, why you have claimed. and
secured for yourselves the consummate mind and
unrivalled energies of Mr. Brougham—(Loud
clieers),-and happy nod proud_ for you will be that
day, fellow countrymen, when you will be able to
etiect, that in consequence of your efforts, and of
die efforts of those whom you have encouraged and
incited, and in consequence too of your example,
the *lave, now groaning tinder a brut bondage,
will be able to drip his knee to thank Heaven for
its greatest blessing, and to spring again to the earth
without a chain anti without a master.---(Reiterated
eheers.) These, gentlemen, are ell the topless that
occur to me to mention. If your support should
enable me ever to boast that in the profession on
.uch sentiment* I represent the opinions of York,
shire, believe me, gentlemen, that I shall feel in my
Julia all the warmth, and I trust I may display in
my conduCt, all the sincerity of my gratitude...,
(Three rounds of tremendous applause, with waving
of hats and clapping.of handa.)
MARTIN STAPYLTQN, Esq., after saying that he
was quite willing to. let the Learned Gentleman
(Mr. Brougham), or the Chairman of the East
Riding Quarter Sessions (Mr. Bethel' ), precede
iirrt, which those gentlemen declined, 'yoke as fol-
lows, in a clear and stentorian voice, and extremely
Animated trimmer:—Vreeholders and friends, It is se,

a candidate for the representation of the people I
toefer simply proposing mr.elf to that of bemg
• trodured by any individuals of this county, how-
ever high their influence, however talented their
loquence, or however they might introduce topics
which a man could not introduce concerning

self without disadvantage. But, gentlemen, -twenty
years' resideree in this county tumbles me to refer, I
hope without presumption, to some services, which,
tonsitlerieg the difference of our situations, might
oitnapare with those who, during a long life in Per,
liameat, have done great thing., whikt I have 0111.
jone cnun thillg.,,—(Cheere and laughter.) The
tittle I have done has gained for me the favourable
i*eeption I haie mot with at evtry place I have vi-
iired. Mr. Stapylton proceeded to apologize rot
ifot having vkited the large towns, on the ground
Of want of strength. lie contetolvd that he had
!lift/Aired the best kind of reformer—a reform of the
rand dates, He wes determined to bring ptinciplea

4 real reform into übsolute action, without behig
!leteried by any kind Of opposition, much less by
I IdICUIMV, iliNid ON, Ad vice, or by the abuse of the
pilltry fellow behind him.— [Nle, StnpyitOnia action
*yes here very animated, anti drew teith a burst of
!;inghter, accompanied with cheers.] lie then stated
' hat he had Wrestled the friends of the Noble Lord,
Ind had also einsed it to be published in a respect-
tide Yolk Paper, OW he had pledged his honour
o come to a poll. "I do repeat that pledge," said
%Ir. Stapylion, "in these, plain terme, that the
Shvialf will never have authority front the to atop the
;moll .•o Wig as there ie a freeholder to vote for me."
NIG BETtittu.. then presented himself and said--
6entlemen arid Freeholder«, in aspirieg to the high
orient of representing you, I must candidly tell
you that I can offer you Ito other pledge than tles,
pt paying every attention to your 'tartest, and de.
votteg. all my powers in promoting those measurer.
which appear to me hest culeulisted to promote the
true interests of the county.. A represometive of tin.
people must consider, not what exclusively may
affect this or that class, but what will be for the ad-
v,onage of .the, whole body of the people, This is
peaulierly necessary in the important subject of the
corn laws I have sow no hesitation in expressing
my hope that ,he time i fast approaching when the
present system of averages shall be done away with,
and a fixed avid moderate duty imposed, which the
`present heavy taxes render necessary. and that the
trade in corn will be deprived of the speculative
nature it now pommies. In reference to the nub-
ject of free toile, I would observe that freedom
should be the general rule, and restriction the ex-
ception. Gentlemen, with respect to the question
which has so much engaged the attention of the last
Session, of Pediment, the East India monopoly, I
may venture to express myself with more precision.
The restrictions now imposed on the intercourse of
British subjects , with the extensive settlements in
India and the empire of. China are in my opinion
most impolitic. I would have these countries
thrown open to British commerce and British in-
dustry, and I shall give my best assistance in rie•
complidting this grout • object. With respect
to :the general question of reform, I will pluinly
tell you my sentiments• upon it,. Whether it be
for ' good or for evil ;. that I, hove never witnessed
any system to: which I did not see weighty
objections, and which I did not consider
as likely to endanger the. institution undi r
which we
.have an long lived ,and
.prospered,
If .I should ever see reason, on further smoky, to
change my opittiono on this subject, I. should not be
deterred from avowing this, change by the dread of
being charged with inconsistency. Mr. liethell then
proceeded to suite, that on the subject of reireech-
ment he, would .be the firm and uncompromising
advocate, without any limit but What ens imposed
by the permanent welfare of the country. On the
+object of the present extraordinary state of France,
he deprecated in the strongest .tei ma the Wetter-
lettuce of this country in any manner whatever in
the internel affairs of Out country, und he expressed
his full conviction that the Duke of Wellington, of
wham be spoke in terms of high praise, would de-
cidedly set, himself against. oily:such interference;
end that nothing lest' than the defence of our own
liberties and our own : tire-sides would intittee this
country egain to nusheathe the sword. Upon the
subject or.eoloniel shivery, he expressed himself de-
cidedly oPlioutl to it, and expressed his ehhorrence
of theysys em of alevern eapecially of West India
slavery, in terms of just Aberrance, and hiedeter.
minimise to do every.thing in hie power foe its. mud
Abolition. In conelusiou, he muted the freeholders
,teat he ihould, in ease he was elected, show his
geatitude by a diligent attention and faithful dis-
charge of the trust ounibled tO him.
Mr, Iluuouttitst then Cattle forward amidst uni.
versaLcheeriug. Ile eddreseed the. meeting to the
following. effect :-.e." Gentlemen, the disadvantage
under which I now labour in addressing you, end
which distinguishes me at present from all the. other
eandidetes who have applied to you for their suf.!
frages, compels mote preface my address to you on
this, ter me, unexampled occasion, by - soliciting you
to believe that to which I believe I shall obtain your
ritady assent, when I ti firm that I stand for, end now
lin, time reiteration of candidate to represent this great
county iii .Parliament,. not from any ..personel Vanity
of tarty own, not to gratify any individual ambition
of mow, noti;in a worth, as a volunteer, end far less
ast an intrudet into a t.,'-ootty. where „I em a stranger
(ern* 'of n No, lei"); but that I Wive .come forwerti
to obey the will 01 tittl&ople, whose voice never
yet was raised on any Pilthe occasion, that I turned
a deaf ear to it—((heers).--and Whose Nonmetals I
;eerie riatiowledge es healing on my mind the Witt-
epee. of a despotic sway..-(Cheete )—I here motet
forward ott, the preactit occasion beentore that call
proc,ede from you, the frceho'llera of Yorkshire. I
hesitated in obeying it Only :until i ascertained that
it was tea general us had beets represented to time; on
analog it to lie so, I obeyed it. I have since visited
itilferent parts of the colony, sod every passing day
ties conOrreed Me in the inqiee of the resolution
Mitch I promptly took, anti:l have now the happi.
nest_to hand before you, though I not a York-
shirerrato, with the us,iircil hope of succeeding in
that 4.10(3, wiiiell to we will be rho most brilliant
;,reward of all my political ambition, which will
[ place inc on I, summit which a month ago I could
:lieVeY have dreamt of reaching, and on which tweet
now to you solemnly to-day the language which I
used when IfirAt rectived your calL I B"lemPly
vow that I only look at it us most precious
itt my qes Oil iiecontit of that boundless pro`
sects. which it expends-
re before my eyes of tri-
n,mph% hereafter to' be ' woe ' teleted principles
reaker to tie asserted with power as well as
sittority— trey weak nand now to be strengthened

by the might which slumbers in the arms of tempe-
rate freemen—of that might which I trust that the
people of England never will be called upon to ex-
crest. in , any other way than in holding up their
hands to elect their representative; but which.
though I hope that the fatal expetiment never will
be tried, I have a confident persuasion would, if it
ever becomes necessary, be uplifted as manfully as
they were we ewr eayb, by
roottlfgforefathers
dwtiliaen
:ge they
to
a
free marshalledn
con-
etitution. Of powers thus exercised, and for as hal-
lowed a purpose, you have now a glorious exumpie
in a neighbouring nation, which has now made your
case its own, and which, after long being, as some
say, your enemy, has now become your competitor
in the glorious race of liberty, which, rouged by un-
bearable oppression, groaningaa-hut that freemen will
not groan--has risen in its might, and driven, as
your forefathers drove, a tyrant from the throne
which be had polluted, and from recapital which he
had stained with the blood of free and innocent
citizens; and which, I trust, after it shall have pro-
ceeded to exact such punishment from his ministers
us will prevent their successors from
.following so
hineful an example, will sink again into the repose
from which oppression' roused it, and will show as
much temperance in enjoying their triumph as it did
courage its resisting wrong; nod that hencefor-
ward Prance will reap that harvest of peace, which
the tore site has shed, and the wounds she hes
seffered, have so well entitled her to enjoy ; and
that henceforward France and England will look
upon each other as friends, and long maintain the
peace which ought to remain inviolable between
them.—(Cheers.)-11ut these, gentlemen, are not
the only triumphs which I hope we shall win toge-
ther. Standing here, as I do, before you, I fully
agree with those honourable men who have preceded
me in declining to tender any pledges es to my fu-
t ere conduct; but I know not if I do refuse to give
pledges on the same grounds as they do, for I have
no objection to pledgesnyself in detail if it be need-
fid, but hitherto i have not found it necessary, fm
lam no untried man, though I have not had the
happiness of being born in Yorkshire.—( Cheers.)
fly public l'fe, of 21'years' duration, is before you,
and during all that time, though 1 never could have
dreamt that it would lead roe to this eats aordieary
remuneration, it has beets honestly dedicated to the
Set vice of my country. I can only appeal, for I have
no other explanution to give of my future Wens
tions—l can only appeal, I say, to the course which
I have hitherto held, and 1 ask you to believe that
U. is not likely, that I shall now desert the principles
which hitherto I have held sacred. hum which no
temptation has moved me that could be uttered to
me, either in my political or 'my refessimial Ilfe—
(Great cheining)—which no frowns of a room have
'scared me from asserting, although it has been my
fate to meet with them because I would not abandon
gut illustrious client whom it was resolved to torment
—to banish--to persecute—and even to murder.—
(Great cheering, with two or three hisses from the
huatings.)—.l um glad to see that I have now thou-
sande. of my fellow-cWzetis who, bile t howaride at
he time, shared the feelings by wl'ich I was in-
iltmeced in that case of unheard-of cruelty, and of
mean and miserable compliance with the caprice of
monarch on the part of Miiii,st,er:—t4
tillerscompl thelietce
only to be equalled in thirsts counties
'yrants olthe East flash the cimetur or brandish the
bow-string in the eyes of those Ministers whit re-
fuse to comply with their cruel propensities,—
(Cheering.) I have vow, lam happy to say, end
ain comforted with that reflection, though i find'
about three voices are tasked in diaapprobation of
my contleat—((;reat cheering, tied pet feet silence
efterwards on the part .of the hiseere,)—al heartily
rejoice to find that these voices are ten among the
hotimmahle men who now stated before me; stud I
am glad to find that they have now at lust died a
natural death. So perish every voice thin hence-
forth shell be raised ageing right and against liberty,
ror slavery and to back oppreasion.—(Cheers.)—
Among those triumphs to which I now hr your'
supporeconfidently look forward, one, and the one
on which I shall firer say a word—(tl,onel', as we
are all agreed upon 'he subject, wby should. I say a
word at all ?)—is that which relates to the relief to
be extended to the sufferings of the people.---(Voice
from the crowd, " Speak out.")---I am speaking
out, stud to the best of my power—l wish I could
so speak out us would enable every one to hear
whet lam now istatiog: It might not perhaps be
worth while to listen to it, but still I dwelt' like
you to bear it, for by the pledges I now give you I
may hereafter be judged.--(Cheers.) Whets I saw
in my visit to the West Riding thousands of indus-
trious and skilful men., and at the same time saw
warehouse after warehouse filled with the produce
of their industty and skill, could I but be indignant
that the markets of the east were cloaed against
there, whence might come so mtch,wearth to them,
and to which so much by them might be exported,
And when I usked myself for whose benefit it was
dint the industrious artisans of Leedits and thoie
of Huddersfield, who are receiving less than
one-third of their ordinary wages, were exc!uded
from markets of such promise, I first asked my*
self—" Is it for the benefit of the landowner P—fne
if it were, it would be some consolation that they
were 1101440 by it. I next aslikless., Is it for the
other traders of this country ?'—for it would be seine
sutisfeetion that what the industrious classCs of York.
shire leer, Others of our countrymen gained. But no;
nothing of the sort;--it was to benefit four and
twenty East India Directors, the ready tools of every
government-a-the obsequioevvoters in support of all
administrations; men who are reedy upon any given
day, up to half-part two o'clock in the morning, to
vote with any govermnent in favour of -what they
may deem the constitution in Church and State ;•...
Men, who will hark away down to hear a King's
speech, expecting to bawl. • No Popery' till their
voices were cracked, and they themselves black
the face, and then, when, to their astoniahment, the
King's speech calls out—' An caul to proscription--
Catholic Emancipation for eveea-scivil end' religious
liberty for ever,'—swift, they wheel about' with the
sante ulecrity as they crime to baWl forthAheir 'sense-
less cry of No Popery.'--a(Laughter.)a—Yes, with
the ssme voices, and with the same drams, and td.
most on the same day, they bawl testily for that
measure for which we have beetspl,aigceot.l_7i(telehretetritei.i;
attutheina ever itioce Lord Milton broke the chains of
bigotry in this Castle-yard, 21 years
And if by chance any one of these twenty-four
Di-
rectors following in this career—for as floe Writing
has been deecribed us right ward;; rightin
described places,
an right political conduct may he
as right votes in right places--.if, I Rey, any
one of these' four-end-twenty gentlerneu after trit=,
ting for much borough, and voting fur much
wrong, and for building; much pilacC, and rnr,„fis4
out touch arribatiloloOri Slid for tratophOg nn mouth
liberty.—(A lang11)..4110011i' be found not In 'the
Commons' House of Pet ha men t, but among the
Peer* of the realm, the heredi'ury counsellors
of the Crown, the beretlitnry Judgeti in the last
resort, then 1
grieve
to say (would that I could
any otherwise)—for it is a court whiehs as
I praetiae much in, I am bound to honour---that
those Dieeetere have shouts at all periods, and espes
eially at the period to which I have just gianeed,
really disposition to hold by those principles which
in their opeeebea for 21 yeuta made lit Menne, ,tit
pnee„ meeting., and on all piddle teett,,ione, they
described as destructive to the Constitution in
Church and State. Would diet experience ettableti
me to say that any of thette etembleal East India
Directors bud been found at their.
• • posts, ready to
stroggle for thewprinciplets. Ent no such thing;
for they were foetid, let 'me mid, amongst those
Peers who, after voting by a minority of two:to
one BoiliSt its one day, voted for us the next,
almost in the yenta proportion. Why do I enlarge
supers
dd rallied
atie
'like this, which, being invidious, I
s
t should tattoo blot in otdlviatt ? Why do I call
sour attention to thi stil;jea t err press rite For no
-
purpose of opined, I assure you; for no topics; of
deelamatioo, I give you my word t hit I call ,ybur
attention to it for a merely practical view. A most
Hen. Gentleman who has preceded me says, that

he doubts whether public opinion, with the various '
faCilities-which it now possesses of univerial diffu-
•ion, and with the force which it now exercises
upon the councils of our rulers,--a most Hon. Gen-
tleman, I say, doubts whether public opinion is not
at present a sufficient ►ecurity for goOd governmen.,
41sd u sufficient safeguard against wrong administra-
tion. I agree with that lion. Gentleman in Almost
every thing which he has this day toll you, hut I
am compelled to sty that I differ from him upon
this point. I am as anxious as he can be to see a
good Government ruling tlie country. I am af•

anxious as be can be 'to oee an administration

rounded upon principle, acting upon principle,
holding a high principle course, and with strength
if arm petforrning the public work. But only
•eo in the mac which I have
just referred to
the wide difference that there is with a ques-
tion which is recommended by wisdom and ex-

pericncc, and has not the cetwenance of Govern-
ment ;—see, 1. say, the difference in the fate of
that question when it comes resting on its own in-
trinsic merits, by itself as I may say, and aferwards
when it conies supported by the weight of Govrrn-
ment. I wish, 1 say, to see a ministry in p4wer,
wise, discreet, and popular, which will look to the
wikhes of the people on nil occasions, which will
held on in its own cour,e, undeterred by t:te clamour

of the multitude, for I must not call them mob, hu►-
which will own allegiance to the vOice of theien.
slide people of England.—(Cheera,)—A ministry I
am anxious to see consisting of more than one or
Iwo men whooe names I know, and whose services

I gratefully acknowledge; but compoAcd in all other
respects of men whose names I should find it hard
to mention ; because I have always a bad memory
for proper names.—(A laugh.)--I wish to Pee not
only a wke, enlightened, and firm statesman like the
Noble Duke in whom the Bon. Gentleman reposes
his confidence, and to whom I declare that we owe
much for his cervices in war, and not a little for his
iervices in peace, but who, i:s my opinion, would
have beer► a mare wise, a more enlightened, and a
'note firm statesman, if he had been above, that weak

reeling of inferior minds, --I mean the jealousy of
other men of talent and of principle, and the deter-
mination to rule alone, and to increase the dfstance
Arcady existing bet wi en himself and those whom he

condo :et nds to admit to the- hooour of ruling with
him. Be thig, however, the future,aystem of rule
in England, or ecit—he we to go on or not with a
Government which can hardly muster to support
itself on any division; which deptlads upon its ordi.
nary political opponents far votes in its support;
which lives on alms in.tead of its own resources;
,v holier we are to have it, from a sense of weAness,
continuing to 1i5t0,641 the people by withdrawing mea-
sures one thy which it hasonly proposed t he day before;
or whether we ale ti have a Government formed on a
beond bdsis of men fit to do the King service and
the people benefit, to make the people of Englund
happy at home and respected abroad, whatever may
be the future lot of England, of this one thing I um
sure, that the proceediog which you are taking thi•
day will afford you the best chance that human
.wißiloin can devise of checking the Government if it
lerptire coot rot, of strengthuning it if it wants aid,
or of stimulating it if it should be slow to attend to
your wants and wishes.—(Great cheermg.)—t.On
the Eat India.monply theme, a monopoly esta•
[dished in favour of the teadenbill Lords,, and to
your disadvOitage in frvour of France and'hlollrnd,
and every frire,tp country, mut against England—on
that monopoly, I sin happy to ob•erve that we all
agree, Ind I coat tenth; anticipate that its end is fast
approaching. On another aohject I don't expect
that we shill bo so harmonious, and yet I cannot
piss by it in silence, as it is superior, in my
to all other questions of domestic policy which
Claim our coronderation You know that I mean
the great question of the corn laws, on which I-tell
youltat 'on one pert my opinion is made up, but
thiMpon ;mother I have some doubts, and I will
. .

begin with my doubts first. I doubt, then, whether
the injury which those injudicious and oppressive
reguletunie do to the consumer are of benefit to the
grower. Many growers fancy that they get all
which you lose. Never, in this world, was there a
greater delusion. If I wanted an example of the
great landowners of this country, who have found
this ont, I would quote to • you, first of all, the
example of your late excellent and patriotic re-
presentative, Lot d Milton: I would next quote you
den Him. Friend of Wee, who es awegricultnrist is a
far greater man—l Mean Mr. Coke, of Norfolk, who
has 50,1)004a year in laiel alone, who has no other
resources than those which he derives froM that, and
who uniformly *epithet it is a merejest to observe tiro
making bread dear to the people is good to the land-
holder. Now, then, I think, that to you my mean-
ing can no longer be doubtful. As you have heard
my doubts, I think you east guess where it is I lee
my way clear. If the grower receive no benefit
from the corn lime, the consumer can receive none
for that the labourer should get his bread cheap is
one of the firSt objects to which ParliaMent is hound
to two its attention.. Now, gentlemen, as we are
threatened with a poll, I. think that we should pros,
reed to the busioess of the day, in order to solve
the doubts entertained by the lieu. Gentleman near
me, (Mr. Stipylton) whose services I acknowledge;
whose perseverance is commendable, who has a
right to be here amongst the gentry of this county,
but who, I think, ought to consider, and therefore
I suggest the point to . his consideration, • whether
it will not redound more. 10 his credit, whether he
will not rest his.pretensions to your favour on a bet«.
nt t;r
owfottillitattl
oi ohs r
nds t chiral ger,:inetge
eh,his 0 cplaeliems aht
e present,if,
withdraws
from it altogether. By such conduct he will save
expense, and thus best advance that object which he
professes to have at hearts-lenity of election. • Sure
I am that, by attending to this suggestion, whessever
in the course of nature a vacancy should arise, either
iu the representation of this county or of any con-
tfloeveojtiiy
meted with it, nothing can recommend him mere
to the good wishes end exertions of his
friends, either here or elsewhere. I hasten, how.
ever, to a topic on which we ure all agreed--I mean
to that detestable monopoly which one and all of
us, thank God, coniletnn and execrate. if in
matters of trade 1 hold monopoly to he false
poliey, I held a monopoly of freedom, by which
men will not allow it to be enjoyed by others but,
seek to reserve to ;lien:selves the. firer, hest, and
most estimable blessing that. God has given to man
—if I bold commercial monopoly to be impolitic,
the monopoly of freedom I hold to he impious and
abominable,se4 Lend 01401110—Slavery, which is
the most accursed and unnatural production Of
crime, and the most 6uitful morel albumen misery,
which degrades the slave, but not more than it des
geodes hie master; for I never can hold the Vietini
of oppression to be more debssed than him who im-
piottiqy exercises oppression.--(Great cheers.)--
Slavery, that plant, under which grows all that is
noisome and detestable,, fur the deser'ption of which
my own poor diction is %coulter, and for which
must refer to him who, as he Was the most eloquent
of bards, was also the wi'est of men, and one of
the fastest awl firmest friends of freedom-4 Kat
plant under which
All lira dies, death lives, and nature breeds
" Perverse, all monstrous, all prodigious things,
Airominelde, unutterable, end worse
`run fables yet have feigned or fear eoneeied
that plant under which all that grows, grows to de-
file the earth, to pest the air, am.l to desecrate :the
lilleaayiel buyiththgesreetriettetbdele-toillynOtit:
works. of Providence, I.
loosened by rtntt; 1014 my exalting hope is, and
et 117 eta itryirly owuhrisc,hlfisillisa succeed
tesiiht:lrdansdrtes
and with hope' for us all, that my being strength.
its tearing it u
cheering)--sind in brandishing it in triumph
delightover the
:to which I can
rvarcely estiat cheering.)....
I have eavtalleerldsh:y'vfowhildi'rtesh.: ;31: glowingo, re pe c titrg expressiontlre state ofopinion
or 1444 in Femme, and the course which it die--
witainitelhvlb
atoolmeEthlgeteleeproi
du, e01:1 letobnoo.r:tw.ene;
heoattnyaetti
unseoutyarifootgb:aidstr,
be has no Roamer of vorstienthat the Noble Duke
of
his confidence very general in this county, fo

~!~

Duke's colleagues, nobody know, whom they have
to confide in—the lion. Gentleman says that he
has confidence thit no breach of the peace will ha
committed by England on account of the late pro.
eroding, in France. I believe so too, but no! from
overweening confidence in the Noble Duke. 1
have aecoritiei for it, and tell you what the se-
curities are. First of all, he k not mad and frantic
like the King of France. I will tell you of a second
tlectirity, for I have more than one; we are hound
over to keep the peace under heavy renogn,zances—
(Great cherritig)---800 millioni is the amount of

Out recognizanttes. I have no,fear that we shall
break them. I have also a third security. Ilefore
.me, it stands enrolled in the clearest colours. Three

vni!!es were raised againot me when I eomlcamel the
persecution of 1820, instituted to please n king's ca-
price. I think that not one yoke will he raised in

dissent from the proposition which I am now going
to advance, that the Minister, who, under pretence
of preserving social order,--ffOr there always must
he a pretence for war, or of preserving the present
establishment of Church and State, as if they could
he better preserved than by the heartfelt concur-
lenge of a free people, or of showing pity for an
t►ugust and fallen monarch, as they would term him,
but whom I shall take the liberty of calling an en-
raged and frantic tyrant't or for sympathy for the
weakest government which ever in the annals of time

ehallengt—d the pityund emitempt of mankind--(indeed,
for sympathy with Ruch a Government to arm this

country t wit defy any Minister)-1. repeat that Ido
nut expert one man here present to dissent from me
when I observe, that the :Minister who should send,

will not say a single frigate, but 4 single deal bow
:0 their ussistunee—who should send a line of in

struction to a single ambassador to interfere its their
behalf—and I stop not hereto inquire whether ths,se
who ate now there have done their duty to England,.
or whether they have betrayed their dute• and dis•
graced their country by taking part with the tyrant
(Cheers)—that Minister, I say, would be doomed
to a boss--I will not say what he ought to lose—but
he would be doomed to.the certain lose of his chit.

racier, and of what, peradventure, he values more—
his place. Do not let it be imagined that when
say that Eng!midis bound over to keep the, peace in
beavy recognizance*, I am either so faint-hearted or
so weak-headed us to hold that we, burdened as we
ere with debt—crippled as we are with taxes, ex-
hausted as we are by a long wee, and not refreshed
by ar long peace—groaning under many' pi i rations,
and with marry abuses to correct, do not let it be
intagined that I doubt for one moment that we have
not hearts, and hands too left, if any foreigner was
to threaten is with aggreevon, to repel the instia
mid to triumph over bun as we frequently have tri-
oilmrenehed%;ithßyyozy porlielyicipmleasy,
blekrrutodtev, Tititeywimicatlyierbel
ittifashionable ; I hope, however, they are spread.
ing. My principles are summed up in one word,
often uoel by a noble patriot in that civil war
through the deformities and miseries of which you
got that commonwealth which you now enjoy. In
the worths of that great man (Cavalier and Royalist
though he was), I say openly what he was acetic-
tomed or say often in sighs and in secret, Peace, peace,
peace:'---(Cheers. ).---I abominate war as unchristian-.-1
hold it to be the greatest of human crimes-1 deem it to
include all others--violence, blood, rapine, fraud, every
thing that can-deform the character, alter the nature, and
dehase the name of man....(Cheers.).—There is 000:ease
only which cin justify it- eltere is one ocasion only which
makes it other, than x crime—that is,eulf-defence. Our
,own defence, or the defence of our country, and nothing
on no other terms, is War anything hut a tim.—
(Cheers, )—And I shall close the remarks which I have to
make to you on this subject, by remineing you of the glo.
riot* legacy which an illustrious patriot of the new world
bequeath d to his relation and succeesor--a patriot
equally eminent in council and in field, who was raised
to the supreme power by the unbought and unsolicited
voice of that country which he had served and saved,
—I mean Washington who having been lifted up
to that proud eminence, laid down the sceptre which
his country had given him when he found it impos.
aible to wield it consistently with the .liberty which
he hail so nobly gained. lie bequeuthed to his nephew
(foe lie was rail !lees himself) the sword which he had
worn during the American war ; ',and with it,' eaidire,
I leave this injunction,' but' it is an injunction which
ought to extend to all men, in all countries, and in all ages,
and to every monarch and ruler upon earth, and to be em-
blem:led in letters of gold, imperishable, over every council-
coons and senate—' I leave it, rontineed he, 'on our con-
dition—that they never unsheath the same, ; unleee in !elf-
defence, or in the defence of their country, or in del-nee
of their libertine, or in resistance to tyrunts; and tin -it
is my dying canernand that they never sheathe it, Mit kold,
it, unsheathed, till 'victory
.10 theirs, and I prefer their
falling with it naked in their hands in such a cause, to re-,
linquishing it with life, and freedom to their enemies,'—.„
(Greatebeering.).-In that injunction is my creed ; not
that Latty that no war can he justified, but that to justify
any war, . all the conditions most concur which I have
mentioned, I feel, after the sublime language of Washing-
ton, how tame and poor any comments of mine would
appear. I hasten therefore to a close ; but, before I con-
clude, suffer me once more to express the exultation which
fills my mind by the the boundl, as prospect now placed
be:ore me. I shall return to my labour' in Parliament
fortified, encouraged, and animated by your ouPpart, sur-
rounded by men of ability, integrity, and character, awl
I hope I am not guilty of arrogance in venturing to re.
mark, on the claims of another candidate, by nose more
able and more incorruptible than my Noble Friend near
me.--(Great (4)w/o—lsbell return to those labours eel-
cotnpanied by those Hon. Priem& of mine from whom I am
ohligoil occasionally to differ, but to whores Manly honesty
and undeviating integrita, feel bound as the wieners* of
truth to pay this public tribute..-.(Cheers. )•..I differ from
the I Member near me, and why should I 'not militia'
Iris name ?--I mean Mr. Dunrombe—..for lain only shying
note, in his presence, what I have said before in the pre-
strict. of Lis advocate*, and of his enemies, (for Ins hat
some,. I am sorry to say.) He and I hive differed' on many
public questions, and on none more than that great gore-
tion *hush hat recently been settled ; but I am hound to
say, that be iv as consistent, as honest, as independent a
Member of Parliament as anymen that I have ever teen
with .a seat itt the house of Cominons.—(Great cheering
from the lilues.)—During the Lott session of Parliament,
I have had the honour of voting more frequently wilt
him than against him. Do not let it be said that these
era strange times, and that we sae in them unnatural
and extraordinary coalitions, for whit is more common
than that two men shoal combine foe a common object
and should differ after they have obtained it. I spree
with my Honourable Friend, if Mr. flethell will allow
me to call him so, that the: terms Whig and Tory:
Intes become mere nick-names; but why, if Mr'. Dula-
combe and I both of us Wok, that the Government is not
is efficacious as it should be, why should we nut combine
to get a better government for the peeve. Looking then
to yen as our constituents, resolved to du our duty by you
endm:ntfowr
lyiitenth,
Iw.,
we
itgoh :oeudribsethipa,rgieloopuertrolultiyuintotialetet
ePtraceritill:-
ally reformed.—(Great cheering, during. which. Mr.
ttriottlieglitastiniorrieltyiretarttefrrowmardtsheafurir of h
pt
rnc etsiettill_stiuigan,inbtiontit
in
n-
this place forget that I am treading, if not upon holy, et
least upon classic ground. From this Castle-yard, at
the
close of the American war, burst forth a flame itt favor
of Parliamentary reform, which, spreading over the cairn-.
try, eclipsed during the system el terror and perseetitiou
thy fires'uf lees pure and holy rtatere, .quenched ty she
bloat shed in the name of liberty by those who cell theM-
Selves its votaries in Franca, has at Irool, now that pewee
has been restored to us, burst firth agisiti.with renovated
eplendour to illumine your hearts, and with such Vigour
as will ultimately .destroy' the ahurres of your country.
bail ite program with joy and rapture. 11,s it mine to
fun the flame, and when next we meet, I d
hope tart
though there may be boroughs whichhave no inha-
bitants and yet send Meullsera to Parlisments, no such
blemish will exist si that which all men; anti-re-
formers, *lack reformers, sari all aorta 'of reformers,
nay ought not to exist, as that whilst Sarum has
one house and two members, and 'Getters no bottle
bat only a sumtner-house and tiro members, Leeds shall
have no members, Sheffield shall have none, HOAX shall
havetn,the' arramet„oent:pHireireintitingollieeittrt colioce;
epees ttelrtidtittay,lnlihessatutve no
thilsitkastiftusralnidiettlfsecitrominitilliownisi
which
p roper rest etre, r
ing.)....Suffer me, once more, to return you my hearty
wYehi
upon me; and allow me to essure you, that though I wawa
slow to take the" field, and. wok it AS it were under coin-
puleien, I obeli be thealowest of all the candidates to leave
at, and that 1 eltell.contintle in. it to the last from the heart-
felt gratitude and respect which I entertain towards you.—
(Immense cheering far several minotta.)
The Mau So gam then took-a` she* of hands its
forma of the dliferettt candidates, By far the greatest

•
shovi'' was in favour of Mr. Bethell' and Mr. Broaglast.
Mr. Dune=lop and Lord Al.rpeth were &hoot mud..
About 400 t.ancli might he lttl l up in favour uf Mr.
eta pylton
The Ilion Snextrr declared the choice of the county
to have fallen on the first four gentlemen. Mr. St iolton,
in eon., (pence. tleman.led a poll.
Tile titan SIIIRIFY .ettled that the poll slou'il em-
inence at 'cur o'ettsck, Cl contir.n. till seven.
The thanks of ti=e count)+ were then voted to the three
lite metni,ers, Cord Milton, Mr. Marithall;-and Mr. F.
Wilson.

I

LI II [+ V ()I, UTiO N.

The drum and tocsin yesterday called the National that en t'
(From ehe Private Corr.spondent of the MporAwinaigs,RAeetarj.„
their posts, when it was announced to them that the trtir
taken by the King required that he should be brought to wwie
—cof tlrateree,litthdet°eitilliYsei citizens
rsiurir,
march on Rambouillet. The command of the force toye.
emeloyed was given to the brave General Nil, &00,40._t%
George L. Fayette. The scholars of the Ecole Ikeyteerweee,
were to act dndrr him as 'ceders. No regular or Orient:o4o7e
wefe to be eintilOyert. - OW
This litinoirneernetd was hailed with ripiutt, and,ipma IN
eundhiertraerendreotthuiticitl° by
march Got vc'elree-utriraL4
volunteers, including all those who had retained molt: ~,,1
a
the day of their triumph, presented themselves in eery fi7L i
tion. Six thousand departed within twit hours. l $4,7.
despatch them quickly', and Save
buses,, anti all the other carriages of that Claus wit"
~i.rsrios to
roiehes and cabriolets, were put in requisition. 'ln se ,' ~,ei
the men thus forwa- del, thousands of others set oust on 1017 r 6,
in bodies, but In a continued stream. TheY, "a"",, eelatteit
' Champs El sees to the Rol' de Boulogne, where the ."(iot Vet.
to reduce them to order was roade—thenee by St, Mau Althem from fatieueetheeerref,
,!!
sallies. The Itorminais (as I mentioned yesterdaYitaarc; to
the afternoon from St. flermains tonswds Itambouilletz it•,•roue
mement there cannot be feWerehan 50,000 men on eAO
for tied , point. Should the King not have submitfo ,
melt will be in its neighbeerhoed by, tcemorreir Mendell,
I dn not think, howeSer, that there Will t.d EV PgidgidgitAttiM
Parisians are sent out to show the King the extent A
es le
of the force that could be employed mamas hell 41.74,4
venture, however, to stand the attacked will not be whit ililie
sr. ,
a battle, but an incessant tiraillode (sharp stvolinge)' es thef
finery are devoted to the King, or rather, to thteetreti total
made to defeed him. They have thirty pieces. , "Li of seise
wierld fight-eso would the remains of the two retenr„ye;eneersei
The Garde/ du Corps! (although principsilf th" the Raja/ Ea'
they are odious In the etes of the
the army), would, I think, Lancers te persons of r 0,,,; ati-.
MIIY. The survivors of the. might be dePt.,ettess cle
the Orenactie,s a Cheval, and the ,Hussars of thesC 4114:17;
titer with every foot-soldier that could get off. °t„,lgther, 0,44
witein muster, have quitted the Roya opens '',„-iimiff"
remain a little army fbnnidable in the field,'" e, „oil
troops. The armed citizens and peas -ids will. cudiet'etill
throw themselves into the woods and corn.rields, and
tiraillr.sr ; the King must, therefore, soon submit ;
~_„„Ass
iI am strengthened in this op nion by - what Ihe re;seliel
from the Due de Valmy- the General of Prattle. inlt'ery sit
by Napoleon as .s the younger Kellerman." Ile a. I'l—.o sod
who has seen him knows, reiriarkably plain its hrotte•ii-00,01
Manners, and standing talking to ta'a Pe" BIOS
evenielts at heedeer of Rue d' 11-chelle and St. ,
no posse
stopped to listen to their discourse (w Praeeedlltblolidiaa bit 1
°Medicinal !le since the rommontement .ot serer, 1,1 ,to geio
week). The street was; crowded by' th
--e conq et_ coo
and Garde Itlyale, proceeding in the direction of, y 7 eplirk
Klesees. "To a remark of one of his 'tricolor 't roril,ri°
Tiny will net V far ; Pajol • will- give thee' st-00,01!0-0„ OA
Mei-tight. The King will steeled, or, if he does net " let 04
t
the first of then brave fellows shall arrive at Hangar°
right of one or them will determine him." tle
h ougho/
!'hey, continued, however, to, leave town t-r-
-night. ! to pars
night.
lint es
During the whole of yesterday ali the' raids Ica'. ,n to r
were covered with soldiers of all descriptions cement! :n 0, ss;
the popular ranks. They were immediately direcle'r'ri`4 diti
but th
it .e, __ ,
rhea .depots appoleted to receive them. 'flitt ai„ esd,
officers and sub.oiliccre was also constant ; all those A
alrea,iy submitted. • mutts
me). are the remnants of the Grand Army, and, 1a.c70 sod'
ere by the recent and paling events, display a slull' 4
In unisou with their corporeal powers. ' dm ition'it
_The appearance of those old sAtilers writes act' ,ottt.t.
I was passing through the Palsis Royal on Monlorl..,
last, and SSW an elderly mantis the costume of * ceeine, 10,,
old tinny, firephig stank with great spirit in the itee„, tee,
was attended by a man older than himself, in (lie uer.,,l'y. elet
Veterans, and who seemed' to act as a speciei ef ("no of Ot
jam,. playfully, as
d'he conscripts and young French 'oldie"
stopped at several houses 'to leave orders, and are" , feel'
most iuterevting figures you can imagine. ailed ' 0
Are
ele '
soldiers, who are looked upon with great reverenceid)froaee,
are cellos! in the same way "les anciens" (the '''
however,
"old 'uns." 0 og
you call' your sailors " i "0; , Jaen
newt itc. 0
The citirens, being very anxious to learn ,4 Ace 0.
one they can give itthem. The sight of art °„' eirtialk
1111 old soldier in the Pslsis Royal, and enPacnlndtbe'ate
tention ; but the Colouel could, nut be llPPr'"7e!eupsatjtii,
de-Ciunp had such' an air ()tin:Modelle* and rest oar" is
repel idle curiosity ; one mate bottler than the ~, of ,
quire'', and of complacent
()Weer before them f The orderly aheoPtlY, rel; 'mart elli; io
ancient" (He it an old 'un).-!" Coranseistr.-.1
~ic, a 0,,
the serleant, with a look of Jolty for the 1111_!.1„:,' eve ro
wit great humility, to ask the vetcrtnaee't,rlo,o4"
(All the oldentis are here.) self
I coscoal,' estil s
Thewilect of this reply, Orlin" " " wt 4 hoard It' vreat4'.l
ceive was to dilltuie pleasure among all w,..°e. of Ole - -,•ers ~,
army lives in the affectibni and tbe conteen" lee folee'anie
Abmit six o'cloek yesterday evening the „or
Elbeufmake their entree into the ci-devant name:mei e11.„4
du CotP&—They were a fine body of me
aid
onre,
—all armed with muskets and bayonets, and inerr ~,, jeaLe'm
or them In the eall uniform of the National. Oustorteeeeereei,
bodies from other quarters are on their inarchht iel;thst,f;),
Pariiians, if necessary. Their merit is nnt t it'be woof° lid'
Was independent of them, and their receptionviibt • IQ oeo,
lam in the descriptive mood, and Ma" sun fgelsfi°ll,lolo
4.1 we nsiciesi," who stood near iisr to seethe Elbeu ~„ raani ,_,..,
He was a man of about 60 ; his hair black, hut te"lriet 401 M
14,:e804crraniibariletoew.tblauli'y'eis:1heti .ekniele--attnibuanerixgldirslitemtti.hetes:grheleathrulHeoewit,r,:covirebwenisre..bleecPonillrennalaine.iseelinirsiie‘kygrt;edblu:,:ineliiiiiheatsivh,lll:iati"po:esc:s,;"illu,ett:ll3,tneltfrdell'rreiii(fic:l7/10:-‘:111:jr.'
I,l',
ne,llwinae:e yinc"ldehrietseallia.edve lit:
master) of the Corps of'Ouiees, of the Ivoln•ld his hzetlif i
resumed his welispreierved unitinn, ,Isara issteetnerests 1
him by some retreating Swiss. lie hie bee" -- le Or i
tahnernd n!ern,rl temluleela.,l:ittiomored7lloo4l44.:
'et twisted instenees of the still fresh nee- e tectonic ,•
arthYs and the preiervaLon. of every talkie 0. .., unit,
g
tunic b three veteran' proves that whir) D.. aye riiiii
Would have happened sooner or later, even lignles tee Iron!
il"' not be openly violated. Trtat Which reslale. a teroweel
even stiU stronger evidence of the inevitabihtl.'s (;over
1.40 k. for exame at the Feuds Polytechniquri.he, peolo.loosi
establishment. One.thinl of the. ceinhatantee"o`e,et faatlfra,
week were under it) years of age. I this Moin,"" tetittettt sett •
thew, /choler& at a b-anch ot the Ecole rn''en the n'h.oloP*
who dashed otrfor Paris to assist the Parislaneeo---etteek -elle,
The gates ,of Metz were closed, expecting '....r Otlell Pn J 4 p°
Prussians, but there is, I am sure, no danger„flw ,ae to aOOl
While speaking of the youth of Parisi au° va cry,
instance of their bravery and sense of honour*
.elettela4 tied
last the Lancers were marching down the Rd,. waiiiirceite„
nue de la Lei!. A boy of twelve Yea" °"-1 " nriti'in
head. is Oct away', you brat," said the Colorie ...tot a h.',aroisi•
the precocious patriot ; si brat! I'll show..Y.°4 ..tats
""
and dr&Willg A tabtul from his breast, shot .-- 13011.
the heart. h to
TO •-•' 01 0
. • ' • 00 ail Na
e,4ll,__thY hopes are confirmed. The Xing iirrtooll° so' '
'Llernuulliii and the armed Parisians on their, eeteriejloo!
The deputation, consisting of Odillon flarro!_e etse aleil!'
General elation, have owe:ceded in the objeCti notott 000
They bare, among other things, obtained. P?aai cool
of
Crown jewels, anti the search of the peels." lirl
been itopped. eho lie'
i„ the „eir
I nnat stop here, in order to proceed •- ,- tea.-
1/epudess The business will not. be ireporlau" •!!
is
dent to give it Interest limy arise.' f"..' 056410 e
Cif AMBER OF DEPOTT Thee pre • ,
Labbey cle romplere, President by senierig. OO 0;
The Chamber met today at twelve, under ... After Ilea
Astiooo
in of bellotting for the forrisetion of the :ono shoot
°tar:tilt:lo.7: lhaliektimiesttreinPerusPihou7lalmidne-bile't, e:ourPnniELeil.reth"'ailri'll°thliCatiePts::44!'":teet. tielibfPnettiLtll'.'":l: '
nnto!rieltthihtsetliPmaelatteituptels!tediuvrhiesotl.rtlitKultriertertrasdl:urx::ithif,hilidiTporrovrnei 11,t!i_._t
iloh(.l!'n'btai'll'olot, :0:4:4 :
tot eataille: the ratifications, whilst tne 01 ;,' was 1 kiesito
to, and an the original'inotiowbeingle?" ;sieuala'" _AO t
'meanies, it was uoanisneusly carried, Pa tut' - t 1-4 '
, ~,, illftf,ltt Oki:,
During-the balloting, groups were fertwe. a- 0 e0"04 ,rip
of the Hall, and, from an odd word that c°,l44l7oloiuisee'7o,
the tribunes, it was evident that they were -esprit)!
,„, C
priety of forming a Secret Committee. nel7,perst '-fi cO4 re
no °Moser! to that measure, and the words Tian .at It pi
beer 1 I Jannis de Canute &creel!' wit the que,;aloe%lut 'ell
Another more important question was tne1a,,,,,,,, 0 coo.,
that of the abdication of Charles X. I" "*-
echc °'44l,':''
much discussion, and a Member of the reefer Pt. we if,!,4, ~
with much, vehemence, "it is not al/die:it ire, tholoee II li,
his forfeiture of the throne (deans:ice) thet I.:oton°' . ~o
impose upon him in our quality of the' reert ! Three
fe-ench people." gator* roil ed
.'I he Cbsinber contained upwards of 240 0 -nutoretire e
sections of the centre gauche were them!! ge pey 11l
Inger!. Those of the right scarcely containeTele e *vet,
, among thent were M. Berger:, l'ellteae's PPthe Ote eiii'''
1 14eLlYilles who was seated at the extremity. 0. ~...- ,kt,
_,,,. y.-40
Alexis de.Noililei' A tri.duLcarop to Charles -ote, in pi.-,0!
After the torts o shwaateaux, shall have omen
'ill* Moisitelif of this day
it is thought e Hoe will declare itself i
it has named
,Its Yresident and other officer& If i, 1
„oci-Occi.' Pi/
....... , , Two ... „,,404.00
• ,PA Ilia, AO. '.., rher PP in As
as well as theP et havr....loV.sifi
pals. (Which I. suppose to he'in your hands), welt the woe; ;I
you ef the :sets of the now Clovernmetite-sati:,,,,ereleerder,"
of the Ministers, the Prefecti Precuratre', the 7,000'
fenctionartes itidiepenseieenec'eseary to In° 'orebla - re
AilrobilArstbki brolizht into play by the Men' ~,cli ir
eing tieer'-ef
we have experioneed. - ! ' that t oVe"-tzr- i
01;046'
►Oti Wilt..',, (n,ui the Journal.', i.-- -ha Aee--11 sr
!Leiceti ia the Chambers by the Lieutenr
___ ~,,a ill Igf
kittir.lo4l--Ittr extract of which I tratwee i tee
.ruoiletelot pit"
a lbw moment,' alter it was'delivereas-hee on'ettele 0' lei '7l r*
ties. Head Le romps of this risy. The first 1.. t, •
_04,04,
eXprews the most keine titan on of the di#Se i"`;tti t. fT; ;I.
Abell of the other Journals is not so ersnietee ',eat
eiteieel
;44,„en,eatrollet Motives. It is A rifinarlable fag'r 701.1.470 V,
slits !owes clasSes, the mere mob, who ler,. „c0ee5.:.„0,01.,
oil have triumphed, have, after the. ietorper, I.o7pafaio:,,,
to their labour; end that, conselielie 14 4,, arinae 'timer
enter Otto political controversies, the are .eoeeser,e, tote's.
tute that very fere. which enebles society to,:anetaileet eel 0
rights, whilst it abstains, however, 001111°,0 witi',°Fes '',eii:j;
cautions. Dialog the.* hours that t'art,ait a politti;; pidt,eo 4
thorities,without. elegistrates, anst !it IL,. kind, ‘O, ,oluipa.
withr,ot regulations or orgatthatiten tir ,
..4 ate Oa" ' tilt wet Olt
devotedness and probity of every r-v-mestiseie,igtertter '..e
disordero iti eh parts of the Own. Urtle,!P -od daL„,,oy eee'L'f,
imarchy, cheek by jowl with povelti deo lea„.iet tireleee
Amidst u..iversal coot o4on the tuoet ly, _wed,' saerdS,.oo,o
most admirable courage' were invariably alsrioros
,i, 0 iv,,,0,,
histurisn, Who ussy have, to reused thr Littcult,...esopti:l
placed the French people In ,i) elevate:Li sasia, 0,1:cal , ain't',
as it is bm
factions'ful, ‘HOWEVerIOVI,4I6"I,O 00,„111,,,,,,,,
and How strugle, fortes a far ,_ on isle 4eti dee
iharethat preeented he the field of leas!
its ategreceentatie
lately conteueed. At prevent vial AS 03,7i55ai1ieer.,034,41:4,
tented, and every one layselaitetnet,,l*Qe4tritnne.ber -tr;41114,400
comitry. AU have .fouget, .au e- -0 Of rt V.
..00 IRO' r 0
I Ito ebr s., oat , 40
proved decisive on y °wit the abet. 00 Ai ad
tender. , Santo surroupd t e-PticetioAble: the To it to 4i sof
to among the public. As It is el, ea to Pee ,eosit lee 1.
wilt prove the last, every one,ie, de ,ear 7,,dne‘tats'Oot#
adreetage. Only the real earth-ASP e,e de l° to ensiterl
service. These find the reward oftt.tiLiaisipdesroonh ft, 00,
own conscience. ;May.theit diviaint' poi t I°o'4" ig '
national party ! = The latter is !e-rel., ro, ,i min
perseveling. loesst (Ott' the aceo... oft #
work that Imo begun, Nethiyi ""-

I

sttmelantely, the development of public liberty. This it has the
"or and the means of accomplishing. Let the enemies of the
Ilan( of Prance not for a moment imagine, because dissensions
weak alt in some high quarters, that the national cause is in
my danger whatever. These dissensions exist among =M-
ice' men, and amongst place-hunters ; all the rest are united,
Ind there will be no division amongst them. Tf the Duke of
Dlleant ascends the throne, he can only do so after fully satisfy.
Og the public mind and the wishes of the people.
Peyronbet and Chantelaute, the late Ministers, have been ar.
'ested at lbws. The French army makes every where Its sub.
nission, .
The tri-coinured flag Is flying In all the departments wherever
ecosints have been received Item Paris.
Charles X. and his miserable Court did not await the arrival
if the Parisian patriots at Rambouillet;Swho had marched to that
dace to compel him to leave the French territory. Accompanied
17 seine Swiss, they fled towards Chartres Oh La Vendee). up-
'srdMlC to tome accounts, but I am rather Intlined to believe
hat tbey.pre.eotlett towards Cherbourg, in order to embark, and
lou will soon see them arrive in England, solititing an
swum for their greatness. John Bull, who is ever kindhearted
nil charitable, will do well to supply them with a few millions
for their support; for, unless they susses -1 in bolting with the
Crown jewels, they do nut posses* a farthing, and France is fully
letermined not to grant them any pensions. Some few Dept!.
ties may make such a proposition; but public opinion will resist
tech measures with all its might. No Frenchman will pay bis
share of contributiona to console the pride or these relict. France
has already spent toomuch blood and treasure for their sake.
Fresh news will probably arrive in the course of the day ,• but,
this letter must be in the post-otHee by three o'clock; I Wait
conclude.
It'is net knpwo aCthe General Staff what route Charles X.
ip,tterf, He left Rambouillet before the arrival of our pa-
r:6, warriors, commanded by Gen. Not.
The National Guard iaorganising itself rapidly. ' It is in arms
in every part of France. If the whole army, which has now
nude its submission, had remained faithful to Charles X., it
wei,ltt. cause no apprehension at present. The probakility of a
civil war Is every moment vanishing more decidedly—unatihnity
prevaik every where, and the Bourbons are shaken oft; as a yoke
unposed 'Mon us by foreigners.
The dreams of a few Peers and Congregationists to cause the
little Duke of Bourdeaus to be proclaimed on the strength of the
abdicaticns of Charles X. and of the Dauphin are mere Minions:
Public opinion has resumed its empire, end cannot retrograde at
resent, 14 far as the doctrines of dliine rihts. It Is liar a
Prince, but A Prince. chosen by the natioti. g

( iitittl.tut Private lorrevondent of the Tinsel.)
xrreactr or A verreet Lroem JULY 51.
11Yone has been in a state of revolution—nearly all the citizens
are armed. ,Last night the crowd of all
classes of people was im•
tae se. Two regiments (one foot,
one horse) were ordered out
on alto Place des Terreaux, but no attempt was Made to disperse
the people by firing or otherwise. As each troop arrived, the
people shouted, Une (naming the Commanding Officer)
Jive /a Charge! .I‘c. They shook hands with the soldiers,
embraced them, kc.
As the Garde Nationale began to Ibrm, the Prefect refused to
sanction their assemblieg, and an order wits issued, threatening
to fire Upon any armed Susernbly, They began, however, to fOrm
it five this morning, and up to this time no attempt has been
to I nterrh3 them. On the contrary, at no the Prefect repdited to have sent an officer to assure the Garde Nationale
that they had nothing to fear from the regular troops, his desire
being to continue in peace and harmony with the citizens. He
desired, however, a list of the officers, and offerut them a AA-
NA at the Hotel de Ville. At four o'clock t hey went accor-
dan iegly, but found the eves shut. The Chief immediately had
ntterriew with the Prefect, who said 'either that he could not
or would not let them take their station there as promised. A
general attack was then meditated, and every one seemed
anxious to commence hostilities. The arr.val of the cavalry to
the aid of the lintel de Ville was prevented by small parties of
the Garde Nationale, and the population had begun to unpave
and to barricade the streets. The Prefect, however, threw open
"'elates, the soldiers mixed with the- Garde Nationale and the
Papple, and tip to this hour every thing bas gone on quietly.
r,ll,slo)(llitre are about 4,000 only, horse and foot, at,cl that is as
uing compared with the determined population by which
ar.p Olirettnded,
e
in Garde Nationale is forming all round the country. They
are, it is reported, masters of Grenoble, where they have dis-
armed the regular troops. At St. Etienne, a National (luard 18
rQtrninit, and as there are no soldiery, it is intended they' should
march to Lyons. The inanUfactories having ceased, you may
uttagine the immense crowds that arc assembled, and the cry of
Otero all is, Liberty 1"

PA RIS, Ana. 4, Two o'Coc. The Chamber of Deputies met yesterda the Duke d'Orleans
addrested the House, anti announced the Abdication of the King,
I. well at the yielding up of all claims on the part of the Dauphin,
withoutdas I believe I told you yesterday, its having been slated
Dthe Duke that the Kinti resigned in favour of the
uke of Bordeaux. This, young
iowever, it appears was declared by
th4l" " hid wish. The speech of the Duke d'Orleans 1 forward
in the newspapers, French and English which I send through
hPhirlion. ihe armed people, volunteers, &c., having found
ye,terdny that the King did not aeem inclined to leave Itarobouil.
let, and that lie wished to resign in favour of young Bordeaux,
suet in the Champs Elysees, where thug were joined by some
I'tl,+andil from Holten, and proceeded in omnibuses, coaches,
,
''',''°lels, &c. On the road to Rambouillet, to force him to start.
.hey, are, hOtvever all returning to.ttay and the Itloniteur,
15 an article dated 'six o'clock this morning,
the King leR that pLice at ten o'clock last nifht. Ratnbouillet
announce. that
it shout eleven leagues front Paris. The peop e who are return-
trx state that he has now certainly taken the road to Chart-es.
al Y Previous information on this point was not correct. It is
ssierted that all the crown Jewels have been given up. Tr"-
'Minty and order prevail here in a wonderful manner. We
Perceive that et Mr. Brougham would express it, the school.
tauter is abroad : good sense is certainly abroad. After the
grit few hours during the row, I felt much more comfortable
aatu'oßll,the people than I should among a mob at one of your
7e,lllrAinster elections. All the English here are
'llned that no pillaging has taken place—no burning of houses.
quite alto.
Cannot obtain 4 tolerably accurate state of the killed and
wounded. Some talk of four or five thousand ; but I have, as I
raentioneti before, been as much as possible in the midst of what
4is Mit on, as a looker.on, and I think it will turn out that
• %Whole amount does not exceed 1,200
rienre as to the kind of tiring whleb took place, enables me to
or I .500. M long ex-
litlge pretty well th4t the enct was not so great as many might
141}Kse.

PARIS, Avo. 4.
t After asking and obtaining a "ate conduct through the French
!Ve"'ltaly, front the ex sting Provisional Government, it was yes-
al announced, on the return of the Commissioners to Paris,
`fiet,the King had finally refused to quit itambeuillet, until he
Was re.a.
g acquainted with the resolutions of the-two Chambers
4414 fl• ll' tion in favour of the Duke de da4
ect o /i ICA
hsa I;;_ta adopting this resolution, It is believed that the
`-o -.need by the remonstrances of his niece anti
ciao UL • ) t pAngouleine who had reached
fte er-In.law, the 1 uc tea t
414nItkmIllet a short time before the arrlval of the Corn.
LaitiLoiters from Paris. As the letter of abdication, !nitro.,
"'„rwet by the King- and the Dauphin, and addressed •
the Duke of Orleans, as Lieutenant.tieneral of the king.
has already appeared In a supplement to the Mimi-.
""r, It has probably reached you by someofathose extra.
cadinary means which give you so . decidedu precedence
all Duos your contemporaries.- It contains, you have seen,
..r-t of order to his Royal Highness to proclaim the accession of
the Duke de Bordeaux to the Crown under the title of Henry V.
end to communicate the King's intentions on the subject to the
e,ramrs of the diplomatic body. The whole contrivance, how-
, although evidently intended to sow the seeds of ilitisonsion
i""„„alft the people, or at least to detach a portion of the aria.
rae n ular cause, cannot fell to be attendedlwoyitahl
the nicart"'slntalede7ePat. As soon as the resolution of the I
earnil t
Y remain at ltambouillet was made known to they re.
bovernment by th return of sentuk protect Coignnd
the other Commissioners who had been to them in
retreat, I.ieutenant-General Pajol and Colonel .lacquetni.
not were dirwted to place- themselves at the bind of a strong
to ta bouillet, for
ICY of the national troops, and to proceed 'the King to
ge,nitrpose, it is understood, of either bringing .
„Ire. or of compelling him and his family to matte theirguoctledoutd
raar. This movement, as was to be expected, prod
still keei v'ev
Ron throughout the capital.
t'l eery Horse, and every vehicle, or private, to be found on
simt"-reett of Paris, was put in Instantub'e
requisition, for the more
ir Y ronveyanee of this masa of armed cat Its to Itambooillet.
?..eertainthet the number who left
amounted,Parisz,Land who were last
by the most
I,l!:;:,eteeri ',en their wa te Versailit..s
would eoMputation, to 2000 men; and it is known that they
• ,
_,lttined on their route by at least 8,000 addnal troops,
4"1. Previously attired at Poissy and St. Germain Ry.mn
lbeaitri.sattßu Habit!, anti who had received- orders to proceed
• -it ,t7',...'011 Ilarnbouillet.
a(0 u- "if honed, therefore, that the conatitutional forcienaweill
will be d '°.eretwhelniitig, that the Kint with all Ills obst
hews-eerreorred front hazarding a genera elneigiatwenputett4olt.e,lteiwaoutlit
bv __fr lierious latuentatio.nhif atnhuayrnhave
lately
witnessed,
efinuld. scrota v. Inc
a stain
en the Y extermination of the Royal FaMIIT, ihillet_i_cas
of
the autnaittaoll cheracter for which even the g emus tie
hour of etatilt, 4aYend the moderation of the conquetror_s_intortitan.e
' b 1.064 r..prb alitld O'er an insutlicient atonemet t._
un.o
ee ""eadt been shed and to add to it that of the
'stow -41,414 and tinotrending child, whose rights of legitimacy :4e
the pre A threbran anions the people, would infer
rtn‘raiellee of that weakness and pusillanimity which proceed
Cowerdice and diattnit•n. It was at nine o'clock on Satur-
'l7l,eyenintethat the King and tile Itoyal Femily arrived at itaM
Ftollett attended by a numerouti snits, occupying not less than
tizcarringis. Ile was preceded anti followed by a detachmen
who with the other-troops which have since
"enulual--",7,1 uut Park or the chateau, are said to amount to
beforet-t. Men. The indecision which the King had exhibited
t arrival Of the Dauphines", and tins sudden detenni-
which he took to quit the country, at time when a very
t,. upeetret)4 course was anticipated, was doubtless eccasionekby-the
e
oughts"Y under which be remained, as to the reception he
uet with in the south of France, and the intelligence
Mint hare reached him of the insutrections which have
thetak :11. Place in Prittrlii alld Chartres, and the other great towns I . treetion of I.a Vendee. As yet I have heard of no,arrival
ititnttaarinetr' but shall keep my letter open till the latest
It •ad. in the hope of being able to communicate the Intel-
•
ItriXiety:°" Which. all Paris is at present in a state of feverish
A de.
-Abet tit:Mkt+. het arrived from Marshal Matson, announcing
his to luta been prevailed on, with his family, to resume
.•itteettilte for Cherho-urg under the safe conduct of the Cornime-
- teat. ~.airdoted •by t,ta Previsional tiovernotent TYiis fact
it a itv e be relied ttpon, but the rumours with which it
-ecorer
Autetta..?anied, as to the ulterior destination of highiy, who
tot, ce-'en err suddenly precipitated (corn their g estate, are
hen quiet! and contradictury,to be entitled to the saint' ".
hetcm
.I'hat which is roost generally credited is, that two ships
reedytt:nnif to the United State, of America are at Cherbourg,
la vita; I:l'etv. rho fallen onareh and his retinue, but t!'hetlier
ratt -pe Athletic, or to proem( to the shores of biltift os
00ilutua./et Matter of conjedture.
ect of here-
' after sneci,rit, e Chartres, who now enjoys ther-
tht
_sovereignty of France, sat this moment
eb..-y into the capital, by the barrier St. A 0;
tege of'lhTie.e trall 6tri,ehlanerelthilitryeannttir attended by flume" et
rneet huntdei4i(l to grave his arrivel. gentry who had gone ou to
' bia4 talons of th CI be of Deputiee to-daY are Pro-
V°111144 to r ,asrranse-
Jk 40 that Mer
not'atters of preliminary
totorm at
4L baVe made any attempts be present.

arrItACT OF A LA.TrAiI FROM A YOUNG tapir.
,„,„
tellon g 4,,,,„• , ' PAllltitttia• 's
. wi,rd, to
into You ,"1:111•Oose received a few lines from
,i,arize°r:r'iticuoiaetny, ;:rwweilwaterttluafreettieduraredt till':
rten.enat:tti
it orie4t elf!
113rtts 040,1 "le Post-office; nor :hall I now, only as far 6!.
ton ' and
irdlcrttt, 1., _they'll:id that I should ever witness a revniuti. toe we
5t,,,, rio'gliwhlrs It frighthd scene, Or rather, what we heart ,
iN4lben wg:utheg the hottest of the encounotewne
knew
nothing.
'. : tist/I"4lne retawt4ten" Tien rrlisdr rlel'aitnitsa ing somethins ta
?i4ln 41,,, 1,•f1, 11'2n going to th!one ;%:: in-opowaY; but We did nn,t;
OUrri -- .. A friend of the Miss --4.'s met theilti.al!
. • 41.44!fierri Oa RI quiekly as possible, and we- took a coach. to'
Per,rl4l,, ail ho in the Ilua .S ore, -1. where lin I ,
..4 '6 te:-(astvt our
~..,one night. l'he first thing that alarrn,-- ~e,
Wit Aied by soldierkt With great difficulty we. got through
we
liret, "IS, and When wu name within sight of the h0te1,,,,,,_
~- . lire 'Sect to alight, on account of the barricadoes 11l 11...?:
ti7a, 4 tion't think I hurriedered so much fkom filllnt,.at "I
1114„,,,oYttent. We were into a place which certainyeh
. - 4 itit:_." tri4oll. 'When we got, in the people were .01. in °
We 1;14 alarm the could soarcely'speak, gentlemen and ladiL
„.. h„„.,. trWever, soon-learnt that the - soldiers had fired on the
bei.",;l. killed one young gentlemen, and very severely wountim.
4120 waiters ; .one must lose his arm in all probability, ant!
i-9 tit* bell entered near the heart, and WAS eXtriteteu
t,,":o*,(}9.llgenc. 0: at Rue Notre Dame—des yictoires. In it. *
''ff 114 Croix. des Pstits Champs. •

front his back ; and one gentleman had his head grazed by a
b dl, so as to bleed profluttly. •
In short, we arrived at the house only a few minutes or a
quarter of an hour after allthis occurred. This outrage en the
part of the military was occasioned by tome men going en the
sop of the house and throwing down stones on them, for they
had previously been called out„ on account of the mobs collect-
ing. They, of course, thought It came from some one in the
house, and they fired. The people then became infuriated
against them, and there was a regular attack of cavalry and in-
fantry.. They were, however, driven back by the people, and when
we arrived this was just over ; we only saw the result of it.
The regular cannonade did not begin until Wednesday morn-
ing. We happened to be e midst of the whcile, being quite
near the Palms Royal and the Tuileries. ,The a tack lasted un-
ceasingly for two days. We could hear the balls whizzing. past
the windows, and some spent balls fell in the rooms. The state
I was in .I can hardly tell, as I was intetteible for some time ,•
every thing came on me to unbxpectedly, I haVe not reootered
altogether, as you may perceive front my writinff ; hand still
shakes. It has been a great blessing to me that Edward was with
me. His kindness and attention have beets greater than I eau
express--a rare instance of brotherly affection, and has been re-
mitted by all around us; You at a distance may imagine I was
snore terrified than there was occasion for, but
.I assure you I was
not singular in this house.
• •

(From the Morning goorpcle.)
StiNDAY MIGHT.
Do you remember that When in March last the'Cliamberif were
legally convoked by the now exiled and dethroned Charles X., in
thee Pale e of the Lsmvre; as this unhappy and oj:counselled. as
well at ilLjudgi»g Prince, was about to ascend the Throne,- he
dropped his hat ! ! and do you remember that the Duke of Or.
leans took up the hat which, had fallen, and presented it kneel-
ing to the then Monarch of France? There wet e many at the
time who called it an omen, Ido not believe in omens ; but I
did not forget the circumstance, and 1 now call it a curious
coincidence! .
. Do you remember that the latt words of Louis XVIII. to his
Obstinate and ill-reasoning descendant were - •
Ootivernez legalemetit."
The word' of a dying man, and a dying Prince, are always
remembered; and there are those who think that, in the last'
momenta of existence, the eye of the mind sees, though darkly,
into fUturity. Yes, Lout. XVIII.. knew and felt, as a, dying
prince, that the ably change tot flies Bourbons wall a to govern'
legally." •
Do you remember that Louis XVI. was executed in the
a Place Louis Seize," and that Charles X. has been, for three
years past, erecting a white marble monume.a, which is not yet.
comph..ted, ,t) commemorate " the death end.the virtues of this
guillotimat Prince. ?" And. do you remember how slowly this
monument has advaneed, and 'how tartly have been the steps of
those who propo ed its erection ? But just now it began to have
an air of completion, and the Iloyallats just"
their hopes
that it would be speedily finished,' Within a few weeks past the
white mle monument his been es voted to public thereon b
the statue of the Monarch had not yet been placed
The King of Itapleti wondered at the delay f but the Princes of
the /louse Of 'Heinlein, resident In, France, feared to speak of
Louis XVI., for they felt that the throne trembled. And now
the monument is, finished—Charles X. will never place the
statue o . the pedeital—the white marble monument will be sur.
innunted by a tigers of Liberty, or by the bust of the Marquis
de la Fayette! •
Do you remember the history of Haman P Do you recollect
how poor Mordecai and his fellow Israelites were to have been
slaughtered? The gallows was raised; the gibbet was high in
the air ; the victim was alone wanting! But Mordecai escaped,
and Haman was hung! Thus, is it today in France. Orders
have been found, signed by Charles X., and by the Duke of Rae
gum, ordering the• errest and punishment of 40 Peers, many
Deputies, and all the Liberal Jountelists! The editors of the
National were to 'have been guillotined! But, instead of all
this, Charles. the Tenth is an exile, though still wandering in
Prance, with a Awe thousand troops—the Princes of the House
of Bourbon are seeking, with tears for an asylum—the people
spurn them from their dwellinga—their treasures are as zed, and
their property will be confiscated—no honest man in the wide
world will speak to them—no Court will dare to recognise them
—and all lovers of absolutism will be taught a lesson which c
n
a
never be forgotten. That it is too late, in 1830, since
" Brougham's selinelmaster has been abroad," to attempt to re-
establish the reign of bigotry, intolerance, and despotism.
A new era ism the history of the world has now commenced.
Spain will shake olPthe tyranny of the Priests, the Inquisition,
and Ferdinand. The Austrian States of Italy, and Naples, will
demand justice and freedom, and will obtain all they can re-
quire. 'the reign of Don Miguel in Portugal is virtually termi-
nated. France will no longer permit an usurper to trample over
the Portuguese, and the Constitution of Mr. Canning will be
adopted with acclamation. The King of Prussia must no longer
tielay to give that Charter which taw been promised, but with-
held for fifteen years. Poland must become an independent
kingdom ; Greece must choose her own form of Government;
the Monarch of the Pays Bas Insist yield to all the just demands
of his Flemish subjects ; and Turkey, in' Europeand Asia, will.
no longer be exposed to invasion and subjugation by Russie.
Let all this be done without bloodshed—without tumulta—with:.
wan—without revolution—lf, It be possible to accomplish so
much good without any aucceepaniment of ill. I have po
sort of objection to peace and order—to the march of law
and reason. On the • contrary, I worship—al veneratea-I
homage the men el thit second Revolution—not for their
•courage, though it has never been equalled—nor for their
skill, though it could . not 'be stirpassed.—not for their
industry and seal, perseverance and Are, though the
Parisian population have proved themselves not less great
or noble titan any people from the commencement of time ;
but what I more honour and respect—what I more triumph in
and exult at than all the rest, is the moderation—the order—the
temperance, and dignity exhibited by. these Revolutionists in
the midst of all their triumph, all their indignation, all their
just rage, and manly energy, and zeal. They did more than
conquer their enemies—wicked and cruel, relentless and despe-,
rate as they were enemies alike to civil and religious freedom
—for they conquered themselves!! Private property was re-
stmtaelloytattchs
respected!
stegd ;.,tyltaeurs p
time wetodg
et
ntcheiel:rior praanlcide
were not attacked or sought after. Charles the Tenth and his
family had time allowed them to withdraw. The people, if they
had rushed on St. Cloud, to
unease, might have destroyed the
troops—razed the chateau to the ground—captured the Princes,
and led them back to the Place de Greve, and there delivered
them up to ;emitter vengeance and national indignation: But
nothing of then sort was even attempted! The people were
commanded by their leaders not to quit Paris! The environs of
the capital were kept in peace and order by the people them-
selves, who all hastened-avontntarily hasteneda to: protect • the
public and private property of the citizens. No one has gained
one farthing by the revolution, but each one has expended ac-
cording to his means and capability, in aiding the common cause
of justice and humanity, :

(From the Cortaffftainatift) • • ;
OPENING HITTING.
This sitting, called in other times the Royal sitting, took
place. as every body knows, in the Palace of the Louvre. and At
was chiefly by. persons chiefly connected with the Court that the
tribunes were almost exclusively occupied. Now the Court has
disappeared and the nation appears in all its strength and all Its
dignity. Without no soldiers are to be seen under arms, but,
the National Guards on foot and mounted, presenting a brilliant
appearance—volunteers. whom patriotism has made soldiers
store the 127th of July, and around them an immense multitude
of the peoide, who so powerNlly seeonded their victorious efibrts.
Within the tribunes .are filled by ladies elegantly attired, and
citizens of all ranks. amongst whom the roost unreserved union
and the most perfect cordiality prevail. Sfime young scholars of
the Polytechnic school .are distingulshed in the crowd, and all
oyes are turned upon them. Two tribunes only are reserved. In
one, appropriated to the diplomatic corps, are four individuals,
amongst whom the Minister of the United States is perceived.
The other, still empty; is to be occupied by the Duchess of Or.
leans and family. • • ,
In the space of the Bureau, where the President and the Se.
cretanes sit, hi erected a dome, covered 'with violet:coloured
velvet, on the top of which Is a crown surmounted by the tri-
coloured flag. Under the canopy a couch is placed surrounded
with several Hags of a similar description, Joy sparkles in
every eye at the s ght of the national colours so long exilettfrem

the country.
• The first Deputies who presented themselves were MM. de
Bondy,- Lalone de Vilievesque, Deroargay, Martin, de Stte,
Mechin, Labbey de Pompieres, Etienne, Dupin, sen., Charles
DupintVillemain and fill Tracy. Their number augmented
every instant, 'and& considerable group assembled round M. 14-
fittv, who spoke to his colleagues with much earneitness. '
In
this group we observed MM. de Corcilles,' Keratry, Eusebe, Sal.
vette, Beraud, de Puytareau, Benjamin Delessert, de la Pom-
meraye, de Genres, de Nunques, tiebastlani, Viennet, Delesiert,
H and Duvergier de auranne.
Many members who were not present' at the late Fittings at-
tended on this occasion : amongst others we observed MM. de
Vatismenii, Petou, de Caux, Meatadier, Hyde tie Neuritic, Gau-
thier, and ds Saint Cricq..
.•'
-Many members of the old right side, *hose presence excited,a
sort of surprise, were part oularly the objects of public curiosity.
MM. Berryer, inquinotile Pampelune, and Boyer' discoursed
together in a low tone, and their countenances presented a
marked, contrast with most of the other Deputies who my-
rounded them. M. Felix de Coury, who appeared the Most re.
signed, cordially saluted many of his colleagues. M. Maflkayy
placed burner near M. Delatot, and not far from him was M._
liluntt, ex-Prefect of the Lower Seine. 'ln the centre, and on all
sides, the spectators observed and pointed out, with marked in-
terest and with various comments, MM. de Vatilchier, Syrieys
de Marrinhae; Totsbertrand,' Admiral d'Augier, Andre tie la Lo-
ser*, Arthur dada Bourdohneye, anti Leudemelle de la Moselle.
The benches of, the right were• appropriated to the' Peers of
France ; end this part of the' hall was also the object of curious
observation. -About sixty members of the Chamber of. Deputies
successively placed. themselves there. We perceived' MM. de
Chateasibriand, Sevier, Chaptal, • Pasqulee, De Cam, do Choi.
veld, d'Anihrugeac, Marshal. Melton, Duke do Treviso, de he.
monville, Mole, Duke de Ceigny, Count de Sussy, Grosbois, Ila-
tante, Saint Aulaire, Boy, de Caraman, Duke de Prasliii, Wile-
:rat Deleon; Bastard de L'Etang, Lanjunats, de vOny, tie
Montalivet, Portalis, &c.
About MO persons composed the Assembly, of whom 240
Deputies were present. All were dressed in plain clothes.

(From the -Journal des Debate.)
Anew order or things commences: We think it our duty to
explain openly our opinions, and ptinciples upon this subject.
The eldest branch of the House of lieurbon hatrceased to
govern. His fall has been rapid. •In less tbatk eight days he has
tallen.frorn his throne. He departs to-day, carrying with him
from France only an eternal farewell, mingled in cempasslimate
minds with pity, alas I• but without regret...lle. departs :--lie
goes to seek his old exile. lie is *bout to cross the sea once
more. No more;France for him! No 'more country 1 It was
his own seeking. He has-by his errors defeated the ;work 'of
Providence which had, beyond all hope, recalled him from exile
to pL Oee hint on a grandest throne in Christendom. '
However well deaerved, the catastrophe may lie, we cannot
contemplate it entirely without emotion. We pity theclaughter
of Louis XVI.. who has sutiercd so much, and always heroically,
and who returned hastily trout her jotithey to accompany the
flight of her family.. We pity the Princess, whine happiness her
sister envied when she was going to reign.in,Sparn a few Months
since, and wbo loses, At one blow, the Majesty of
hood, and the 'future' Iloyalty of her son. We commiserate so
many rapid changes oftortune, and we bring to mind the e.xpres-
sion of Alassillon, God is great,.
.Wt: may add, that if Clod
' alone is great, it Is because Clod Mime is just, mind that, accord-
iug to the words of the poet—
Sa parole est stable et ne tromp° lambi..
These are our sentiments. We do not make a mystery of
them, believing that we should not oftimd the Bourbons which
is about to govern us by Stating how very fragile Is the greatness
of those whose oaths are fragile ; believing also that, we shall
not displease France by remituling it of misfortunes which it
sought to prevent by its representationi,-hur which wetedoomed
to be accomplished, accompanied by the aggravation of two
crimes .which can never be efhwed—the violation or sworn faith,
and the eilitsloa of French blond: • •
We come now to the principles which will be the rule of our
conduct in the new or..er of things.
The eldest branch of the Bourbons fell the first time in 1789,
in conjUriCtinn with the whole of social coder. Notwithstanding
the violence of the revolution, it did not 'entirely destroy the
(Ad- social order. There. were opinions and powerful interests
which elute, to it. These assisted the restoration, Now the
but fells alone, Nu part
oelf4tittirl'etfiftt'ing°fatiecilearordeafran4ll): Perished With it..eay, mote, it
is beesuse 014.13110,a wished overthtow social erder, that It
has been itself overthrew'''. Its return,' therefore, is impossible.
Now the eldest branch of
irvehrsideltitshaer;rtivieverreso. eentnalduterpcedrstonrifyth.eniselves, but tor, tho thin,
alone, anal,ethape also•the power
the Bourbons represents at-the'
i*esco resent
nbte tellenreg itYll aittsi itfoe—vait;,6lar
thin which is inure superannuates' and defunct_ in than
absolute noiver—a thint which dates flop the middle age, w hug
absolute, loyalty dates only Mint the oixteetith century; Its re.
turn is Hs...prefers imposiiblee- nothing OMIT 4C,tUall°c!al order
having perished with it.
- 'But in order that it/return may be impOSlittles 1104031ary
to maintain: the taitaing, social artier. We roust maintain ourinstitutions,
institutions, and only ifevalope them secarding to the •rnearui
which they themselves furnish us with for sl AO
ti
Let us
maintain whisf is, since whist is, Is nos opposed singhat Owsls t to

he, since what is flu/ones the regular developement of society.-
Let us maintain the Representative Gpverrinent, which is at
once conservative and progressive.
In France if our power is employed to misintain the existing.
'social order, it is invincible; for it hi supports d by the wishes of
the majority. If it be employed against the maintenance of our
nstitutions—if we desire to establish the republic,. this power
becomes more doubtful and uncertain, because it is necessary to
measure it nolonger in Its relation with France, but with Europe.
In effect, every thing which is done in France is an European
event. We do not labour for ourselves alone. but for all the con.
tinent. ' Such is our destiny.; grand and majestic, doubtless, but
one which ought to occasion us serious reflections. The French
revolution shook the whole continent, overthrow Staten, changed
the old European society. What we do at thi4 moment will also
have Its etrecton Europe : that we may becertain of. The ques.
Lion to be decided now is, to know whether the republic has the
majority of Europe in Its favour.
We believe, Ter our own parts, that a remsblic has not the ma-
jority of France in it, favour j but it is certain, it is evident, that
it not the majority of Europe in its favour, It, then we
form ourselves into a republic, we must republicanise the whele
of Europe, whether it will or no. The experience of the revoke.
Om proves that it will be a necessity more powerful than all the
promises we may make of occupying ourselves with our own af-
fairs, without conceruing ourselves with our neighbours. This
selfishness is possible only in England. In France it is impossible.
To republicanize Europe is a formidable task, when we reflect
that representative government, the inevitable preface to a re-
publican state, has scarcely begun to exist without strength and
power in some of the small states of Germany, and that it
sloes not exist at all in Prussia, Austria, Italy, anti Spain,—.
W'hat war*, *hat bleed, what moneys routs( it not cost to bring
Europe to an order of things front which site is 0011 removedl—
But we will conquer as we have already done. Yes ; but on whet
condition have you conquered ? On condition of having a Buo.
naparte. We will have one.. Y 011; , but at the sane price as the
other—that is to Sisk, at the price of liberty ; so that,' by an inc.
B• uncircle; a republic brings war—war brings a Buonapatte....
amid naparte brings the abolition of the republic. Ilut if we
had a republican Buonaparte !—lt is Impossible. What made
Buonaparte's power was his having all the energies of France in
his. hands. But in order to obtain then he was obliged to pro.
tect the interests. of the ancient regime, to raise up the altars, to
recall the emigrants, and to do all this he was compelled to make
himself Emperor. There is, therefore, always the tame ine.
vittible circle—the remit lie, war, the empire--that is to say, the
abolition of the republic.
The maintenance of the existing Social order and its progree.
sive and regular developement—those are our principles. Exist.
inkeociety haa for its ohject the, union ui liberty and order.
This union France has soughtfor forty 'years. Under Bonaparte
it had order without liberty : under Louis XVIII., an able King,
they suet:ceded each other in turn rattier than co-existed; it was
• Wo-believe, that the difficulties of the times permitted. To
secure order; our first care should be to get rid of-provisional
gOvesenment : for that would soon be anarchy !: It is for the
Chamber of .Peers and the,. Chamber of Deputies to provide for
the safety of France. We await their 'decision. '
(From the Alessager des Chambres.)
To suppose that the Charter has ceased to exist,—that nothing
remains of the political and social order of France, and that
every thing is to be ressonstittited, is a complete misunderstand.
ing of the situation of the country, and the national eentiment.
Our civil and social state does not, es in 178!1, renuire a radi.
cal reform. Our political state is created by the substance and
the spirit of the Charter. Institutions ca'culattal to unfelt!, sup.
'port, and for ever confirm the principles of the Charter are what
we want, end those are assured to us in the mast solemn manner
by the vietwies of the Perisiaot, who fought sod triumphed un.
der the cry of l'ive la Charts'! the first acts alb° Duke of Or-
leans, 'the meeting of the Deputies, and the noble Speech of the
Prince to our representatives.
The national sovereignty is completely establiahed and recog-
nized. ' The Duke of Orleans has not placed himself on the
Throne. He has not acknowledged the system of transmission
and feudal inheritance. As little as he recognized the tartly and
jesuitical appointinent of Lieutenant-General of the kingdom,
transmitted to him by Charles X. Finally, he presented himself
to the Deputies, as called upon by his fellow-citizens to regulate
the national movement.
(From Le Tempt) •
• PARIS, AVO.4.
ON 'THE st'EFAll ON THE OPENING.
The speech of the Lieutenant-General of the kingdom is now
before us'; we have read It and over again, and it is newt-
eagy to call to inind,constltutionally, that it is the production of
the Provisional Ministry.
In order to conaider: it properly, let us carry our recollection
back to Sunday, the 240) of July. Let us suppose that on that
day, Cherie* X., conceding to the importunities of colightened
and timid men, had consented to is change of Ministers, in order
to traneuillise public feeling—that he had chosen his new coun-
cillors Irons the ranks of the two centres—that his Ministry, ti-
morous and conciliatory, artfully availing themselves iof
the species of satisfaction given to the public mind, had assem-
bled the Chambers on the list of August, and had announced to
them in an opening speech, concessions as limited as they are
practicable—we should then have promised ourselves what is
now promised to us-:--the organization of the National Guards,
the applicetion of the Jury to actions against the Press, the
formation of governments for departments and communes, and
a satisfactory interpretation of the 14th article of the Charter,
respecting which Franca has been in a state of imeasinees for
these eleven months past.
To such a timid speech, the Chamber would have replied by
making larger demands ; it would have obtained, previous le
voting the budget, other law, of reparation ; it would have for-
tified the Ministry by snore energetic selections ; it would es-
pecially have announced for the ensuing year more extesive ext.
gencies. The Ministers of Charles X. would have undertaken,.
such engagements, and. would have been obliged to fulfil them. -
Well I let us consider the days, the months, the years, thecen.:
turies which have intervened between the .24th of July and the
3d of August; let us consider the claims which have been dis-
charged, the services rendered, the conquests achieves], the dan-
gers, the battles, the sacrifices, the deaths I Was this the end
in view? Arc these the results Y The hi-coloured flag;
100,000 men in as, who have saved the country and pacified
the capital ; so many heroic arts of devotion ; the overturning of
a dynasty :—are all these circumstances to' give France no other
benefit than the. trifling advantages she would have obtained
from a slight modification of the Cabinet under the reign of
Charles and the white flag, in perfect peace and tranquillity,
without the least inconvenience to any one, except seven indivi-
duals making way for IMO others?
People say, with emotion, with wonder, that our descendants
in the next generation will scarcely believe the transactions of
thel7th, 118th, and 29th of July : wo add, with grief, that of the
ad cf August!
We are good citizens, we have proved ourselves so, It the Mo-
ment of danger, at the risk of our life. We cannot, therefore,
be suspected of a wish to prolong disorder, to desire anarchy, or
to refuse our support to a prudent Government. Our opinions,
which are well known and plainly stated under Charles X., as
"Itiey are under the existing regime, will protect us equally from
any charges f republicanism. We are advocates of order and
liberty, of peace and law, and of a constitutional Government.
We have cried fur it in the midst of ar.illery of the Swiss and
the muskets of the youth of France. But we wish for it—
boldly, freely, resolutely ; and we cannot conceive that a na.
Banal impulse so vast, so:pure, as that which has excited the ad.
miration of Europe, should end only in the concession of two or
three laws, less important than those we obtained In the session
of 182 S, respecting the Press and the electoral lists .
What do they give us that we did not possess prior to the 2flth
of July ? The organisation of the National Guar& P—They
orgaeized themselves, without pertnisMon ; they who triumphed'
Jour s
Yuck
toe
hf 1
(Trims": "andhishsas.4wart.
by their means know the .fact. The, applicatisen of the Jury to
ipirbeosretcyutlon thanes
who othweerpercesosnt—ictAed
ticipated in the crime which we committed on the 27th, with
our presses, against tyranny. Governments of departments and
communal ?—They see already formed every where, without
your law. The revfirion of the 14th article ?—lt has lawn revised
'by the people..—it has been expunged by their blood—it has been
buried 'beneath , the wooden cross which covers the relics in the
square of the Louvre.
And this is all which the Sd of August has given us as the
reward of our victory 1 These, are our spoils—these are our
crowns 1 They give us what we have conquered 1 They leave
us "The Charter,, ' that is, the double vote, the septentilality,
a privileged religion, the initiative, exclusive of the throne;
the right of peace mid war reserved to the throne ; the date or
twenty.five years of the charter; its preamble; its signature;
and forty years and 1,000 ftancs of eligibility; the laws of the
empire; two or three classes of nobility ; mid the unlimited ca.
price which makes Peers of France!
Thus, whilst in the great national movement which in two
days overturned eight centuries, the people disdained, amidst
the immense spoils around than, to lay their hands upon Any
thing, because they sought amongst the ruins only glory, peace
and liberty, they find nothing but a few emendations ofthet
charter than whence to many mischiefs have emanated.
Prince. your early deeda were national; your expressions, a
few days back, were French ! You have remained for 40 years
uricorrepted I Suflbr not those to approach you who would ofnir
you the remains of that Weenie which they burned, eight days
since, for another, mid who have nothing better to give you
than this plans they submitted to Charles X. Have you net a
diftbrent mission, origin, and end? They deceive you, and, no
one can now be ignorant of the consequences of being deceived!
What weakness to reckon as anything two Insignificant abdica-
tions ! Still weaker is it to endeavour to illegitimatiae an infant
yet more insignificant They are dethromi,. they have nut AK
cheated 1 There is no necessits, for you to establish your title
upon the right divine. You ought, to be the choice of the peoPle.
The contract with the Wien branch cannot, therefore, be yours
with us : we want an entirely hew one!
already approaches ; the air of the Court will
10011 surround you ; the .014 of party will be alive. Repel all
these. Behold whet madness the pestiferous atmosphere of
power creates at Rambouillet, lifter occasioning somatic illusions
at St. Cloud! Lieutenant-General of the people! fulfil their
wishes,, and you will become es great as we shall be flee.
Once more this style is authorised. We will speak to-morrow
.as we spoke yesterday ; for we desire no other fruit of our vic-
tory than the liberty of our country.
" A CHARTER, OR "THE CHARTER."
We applauded yesterday an erratum of the Moniteur which
rectified the concluding praise of the proclamation of the Lieut.-
General of the Kingdom. The first day the ermiamation on our
walls "'llse charter will he henceforward a truth." Next
day the Aloniteur published a second edition of the proclamation
with this emendation-44 A Charter will be henceforward a
truth." Weephlatiri this, for We are as prepared to maintain the
good as to resist the evil. We hailed the hope of a new Count.
tution, free, wed.considered, and synallagmatical.
But this hope has vanished. The. Modifier of to.day
_recline
." it re-
sts words. It was not wrong in saying 0 the Charter .
penis ofsaying 14 a Charter ; ' that is, it wishes to contimie the
octroi, the years of reign, the preaMble, the' prevent! courts,
the privileged religion, the initiative, exclusive of the Maur
the. State, the right of peace and war, denied to the two Chambers.
What are we to believe, to hope, to fear ? 'Frenchmen, this
it'dispute about words ;it is most serious qtiestion or
principles that can be raised at the present moment.
v\ cannot
abandon it with levity ; we ought to defend it with coursge.
ith
Let us not suffbr ourselvea to be abused by words', it Was w
the cries of " Pile la Cheirk!'; that Charles X. was dethroned,
because that was then the only legal , weapon we could employ
spinet, him. "This Charter,
said
we, he destroyed on thq
426th of July, and we have rnade cartridges with the scrape" All,
then, is at an tied between it and m as between us and hint.
At present, the charter, which was sufficient for Ch
h arrles .
during five years, and whence he dediteed his lases, is odi-
his'promotions, cannot suffice for a new power,whieh ha
.3
neither the same origin nor the same office. NYC want
charter which is adapted to new necessitito, a new Seth",s4',7fa
(talon, and au entirely differ, tit order of things in 1114.1."'a
require a charter, the effecting of the liberation of th i-Si4S4
erasion
July, and not the charter,, which was the result of the
of 1814.

(From the National.) .
We are In a state of revolution since the Chambers, COOP
by One prince who has taken to'llight, are revolved bY
who holds his title by two minorities. Itis necessary, tlit'rviu'l
to act in a revolutionary mode—that is, in Orin and p
manner, This consists in doing- what is believed WbC jout.t.
proper, anti suitable to situation. How canthe,ge CO
titAIS be fulfilled I' By p a
reserving the Ilepreatottative )100_,11:1
with the modifications necessary to the Charter, and by `v ""
the Crown t°- the only Prince who can wear it, This We believe ,
to oe necessary to public repose, anti tette tuntlintiirY °(Yralc°'
The great majority of the country entertains the sam040101°"
Why, then, hesitate P It is done with a view of securing a Sort
of legality, and thereby satisfving timorous minds, which are
pretty numerous in the Chamber, of Deputies, and Much mere
so in that of the Peers. •
We should tell these gentlemen, the Deputies, tbat Chef
should look to thtir popularity. 'rho Chamber a -reer# hay.,e
forgotten their part. They ought, like the English Ilevrlelr,
have watched over the constitution, awl prevented thri:enn4'''
of French bloorl.] They have ttilleti'to their duty to thst,e9o4irJ'
We Are sorry for it ; fur they hav 0 1,0 wanner outiouv, wan we
are. But it is not with the- institution, but with ifidielana.„4,
ir
that we find fault. Let them be told, that if they contraVOW
ns: mutes tO Fillnkee twits for her safety' thct 'tide is
pile, And tiwytray walk Of.
i
As to those noble and iterteroni peivonagea who We: ittlY4l"
gritteful !acuity; and *ll9 hall 'the goittality Es defrud

whilst under proscription, they must overcome • their scruples.
But how many of these are there? How- many Chateaubriands
and Boyer-Collards
AU France is concerned in the question : its reeotse is menaced
by doubts, which the enlightened elassesthe friends of tran-
quillity, of order, and liberty—desire to see terminated, whereby
a double danger may be arrested. •
To-motrow; may the three generations of perjured Bourbons
be expelled our territory ; in a few days may we call things
by their right names, and tdi will be finished? Brains in a state
of excitement 0 ill become calm • cowards will fly tn. come to sa-
lute the rising sun, and we may begin forthwith the labours. re-
latiVe, to our fundamental laws.

EXPRESS FROM PARIS.

From the Monitcur of Thursday, Aug. 5.)
(Non-official part.)

" PARIS, AUG. 4.
(First comes the note of the Commissioners announcing
their departme for Cherbourg with the King.)
" Yesterday arcomplished the work which Was begun
on the 28th and 29th ofJuly. The transport of patriotism
which led to Rambouilley nearly 60.000 men of the
National Guard of Paris has been fruitful and' powerful, as
was to he expected. At the news of this movement the
K ing quitted Ramhouillet with hisfamily, abandoning every
thing,—even his last hope. The national troops which set
out under the command of General Pujol, who was accom-
panied by General Excellmans, Colonel Jatqueminot, and
M. George Lafayette, displayed, as in the great week
which is just finished, an admiral& enthusittim. VI,• ex-
peditionary army, enetitriped at Coignieres, wanted to set
out this mnrnin4 at three o'clock to go to Ramhou'llety
and even further; and it was with great' difficulty that
Genet-X/44d was able to prevent this march, whichwas
now become ulele.a. But the result of this, movement has
been immense. ' The flight of the King; hia definitive
abdication ; the taking of all the diamonds of the; Crown ;
the csritulation of the whole Royal Guard ;—such are the
fruits of this dry which closes the glorious revolution that
a great nation has just effected. Alter the praises merited
by the brave Nath!nal Guard which yesterday behaved in
a manner worthy of itself, both by its enthusiasm 'and its
discipline, we must do justice to the talent of General
Pajol, and to the zeal and presence of mind of Colonel Jac-
(lumina and M. George Lafayette such. troops were
worthy of such cltitfs.
" At six o'clock General Pajol and Colonel Jacqueminot
entered Paris with the Crown diamonds, amidst cries of
the Charter for ever !—the bravo .National Guard for

ever r
" We shall quote to-mnrrow several traits of disinterested.
Hess anti pitriotism during the course of yesterday,--e day
which has done more tor bur limn itip.s and our liberties
than s long and glcrions campaign.
"To-day, at four o'clock, the• Duke tie Chartres entered
Paris at the head of his regiment, preceded and followed
by the National Guards of Rouen and Evreux, and a very
considerable number of young men. Ile proceeded along
the boulevards to the Palais Royal. The Duke of Orleans,
land the Duke of Nemours, were to the right and left of
the young Prince. The crowd tosembled on his passage
welcomed him with the most lively acclamations.
" The accounts which have been given in some journals
of the number of killed and wounded were incorrect.
" From the inquiries that have been m tdc, it appear*,
tnat the number of killed and wounded, on the il7th and
oath of July, was from 1,600 to 1,700. It is piolrible
that it was more considerable, but we cannot have an ac-
count of the wounded who were taken to their own
hotnes. We speak here only of the hospitals.
• " SITTINGS OF THE CHAMBERS, Auc. 4.
" CHAMBER OF PEERS.
" Baron Pasquier, who was appointed President of the
Chamber, by an Ordinance dated yesterday, took the
Chair. Au Ordinance was read, by which the Dukes
tie Chartres and Nemours are authorised to sit during
this Session. The Chamber appointed Secretaries, u
Committee to draw up the Address, anti balloted for the
boreal.
