NCIA PORE..

Our conmierce with Singapore having been interrtipteti by
the capture of one of our vessels bound to that i-land ; and it
lint biting generally known upon what tenure the British tio-
`vernment hold possession of it—we copy from a Singapore
Paper tin analysis of the Treaty between the Native Powers
claiming that Island and its &petulancies, /mil the English
It est India Company, concluded In August, 1824, by which it
aPPcaro, that n complete cession of the sovereignty and
property of the island and till the territories with.
in ten• tulles of At, ham been made to the East India Corn-
PlitlY, 0143'011314 crewing a new British possession in India,
trout trading to which we are excluded by the Commereial
Treaty existing between the British and American Govern-
ments. The tirst article of the convention simply establishes
traelet4tmitlg ifrllrtailiselst. y
friendship,
iittntl gond understanding between the eon-
the second, third, and fourth articles,
Singapore anti its dependencies are ceded in full sovereignty
mai ptOpOrty to the Last,lndia Company for the capita' sum of
60,040 Spunk!) 4lollars, anti the payment of an annual pen-
sioo during their natural lives of 24,800 Spanish dollars to the
present incumbents. This cession includes the main island of,
Singapore about
t wont V-seven miles long and fifteen miles, in
ifs greatest breadth(the JO( nhout • Q.
.in ltttiletrble'lr)l9lylilllg within iegeniliNti(i?-inli coat
s

coasts.--The Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh articles provide for the'
accommodation and comfort of their Highnesses, and stißulate
ifor thett4itienP to themstelves or their heirs of a sum of $5,000
Spanish dollars should they voluntarily resolve at any (ataxic
period to quit the British Territories and settle permanently.
within their own dominions, the East India Company, however, •
receiving possession in return of such lands and tenements.
us -their highnesses may be possessed at the period
of their removal. The eighth article stintt aes thatldlegruista
Princes so long as they shall continue to draw their stipends
from-the lion. Company; shall enter into no alliance nor carry
on any correspondence with a foreign power, without the know-
ledge of the lion. Company. The ninth article stipulates that
in the event of their Highnesses removal from Singapore, and
their being distressed through civil. commotion or foreign
egression, they shall -always receive a safe, iptylion of their
persons within the British dominions. The tenth article pro.
vides that neither party shall be bound to interfere in the in.
ternal concerns ()Nile other tiovernment, or in any political dis-
sensions or wars which may arise within their respective terri-
tories, nor to support each other by force of arms against any
third party. The 11th article provides for the suppresion of
piracy and robbery, and the 12th for a free and unshackled trade,
the British demanding, however, no privilege or immunity be.
yond what they desire to see conceded to all tither nations in the
ports of Johore. The thirteenth article provides for the to.
tal abolition of slavery under whatever name or modification
within the settlement of Singapore and its dependencies. The
fourteenth and lest article cancels all former treaties and con-
-1 vent ions. _ .

The editor of the Sangapore paper remarks, that the popu.
lotion of the settlement amounts to 14,000—and that the trade
of the port is free and unfettered, there being neither export nor
import duties, .no fees tbr clearances, passeS or registers, and no
monopolies. The expenses of the establishment are 87,208,
and the revenue 8712121
NVASIIINGTON, Fun. '2l.
coymtras.—ln the Senate yesterday, the Judiciary BM
was reported by the Committee without any material amend. •
ment, and the Committee on Public Lands reported n Bill for
the further relief Of purchasers of public lands. The Bill for
the. relief of James Dixon and Co. was again taken up, and
postponed to Thursday. About two hours were passed. with
closed' doors, in the consideration of Executive business.—ln the
Ilouse of Representatives yesterday, two resolutions, pro-
posing different amendments to the Constitution, were
intrauced by Mr. Dorsey, of Maryland, and Mr. Buclt-
nan, of Pensylvania. The amendment of Mr. I)or.
sey is to establish the district system, to make the electors vote
vivo wee, end in case of no choice in the primary college, to
elect new electors who shall choose out of the two highest can-
didates. The amendment of Mr. Buchanan is to restore the
original constitution so for as relates to this subject, except the
part which refers the election to the House of Representa-
tives ; providing, in care of no election, that the states shall
choose a President and Vice-President from the two highest oa
the Est.-4liter the preliminary business of the day had been
gone through, Mr. Archer, of Virginia, addressed the House in
Committee on the subject of the amendment of the Constitution,
but had made but little progress in his aroment when the
Committee rose. reported progress, and.obtnined leave to sit
again.--( Vat. Jour.)

SALEM, FEBRUARY 20.
Prnme Drn•r._By the attention of the lion. IL W.
Crowninslikld, our representative in Congress, we have received
a copy of the important Report of the Committee of %Valls and
Means, relative to the payment of the Public Debt of the
United States. It is comprised in a pamphlet of pages. It
appears by this Report, that the Public Debt is to be paid as
follows—the portions to be first paid to be determined by lot at
the Treasury ;-- . _ _

Six tier cent. Stock of 1813-.:Lonn of 16 millions.
July 1, 18.26 - . Dollars 4,2311,000
Oct. 1, - - 2,790,000
-
Jan. I, 11127 • - . - 2,11:1•2,000
April 1, .. . . 1,373,006
._ _

---- .11,235,000
Six per rent, stock or 11113—boan of 7{ millions. '
April 1, 1027 . . Dollars 1.,501,000 •
July I, - - • • 2,910,000
Oct. I, - - - . 010,000

Oct. 1, 111'27
.1111). 1, 11P.:11
April I -
Oct. 1 -

Oct. 1, 111'24
Jan. I, ripe
April 1 .
July .1 -

Six per cent. Stock t4' 1014.
nollstrts 2.3441.01111
- 3,0011.00(i
. 3,007,009
1,696,000

Six per cent. Stock of 1815.
- Dollars 1,517,088
- • :1,190,1100
3,238.000
1.613,8(10

5,03,000

13,096,000

• 9,480,000
Tivr, per cent, subscription to Bank of United Statts.
Ort 1,111'29 Dollars 5,5'2,1,000
.1,10). 1, 111411 • 1,47(3,000 _

l'Achongetl 41 per cents. of 11125.
Jan. 1, El3t) - Donors 1,3;13,000

7,000,000

(,Crain )t'ilV" Price Current of Jim. 29.)
COTTON,7The transactions since Friday- morning, 10th
initant up to yesterday turning, have heen•limited to abOut
1,000 bales Louisiana mid Alksissipi, including near 300 bales
Tennessee, at near our present (imitations.. The accounts recei Ved
last "Sunday, by the ship Lavinia, direct from Havre, had, nu
doubt, Raman tendency to depress prices, and prevent purchasers
from going into the market, which, together with bad weather
since Tlit many morning, has operated considerably in retarding
the sale of article. The English ship Hero arrived here yesterday
emoting from Liverpool, bringing accounts up to the 9th of
December, which, so far as lye minicar!), are very unfavourable,
and far from encouraging purchases at our present prices.
Louisiana and Mississippi—Ordinary to middling, 10 h 114
eons. ; middling to fair, 12 a .12),• ditto ;. fair to good titir, is
all ditto.; good fair to good, I.q. a 14 ditto ; good tine, 10 a
17ditto ; small sales.

Sales Of cotton were made in the streets at Petersburgh nn
the 17th instant at 12 1.2. The same price was ofrered for .50
bales in afore, and refused. •

SA V4N Al Alf, FEn; 7.—The quantity of cotton landed at our
wharfs, enelusive of that brought by waggons and small boats
during the months of November and December, was- over
25,000 bides, And during the month of January 20,000 hales.,
making 45,000 bales. The quantity cleared during the last
week was In value nearly 200,000 dollars.
SAVANT NMI MARK ET H‘ FED. 8,--COTTOMS.—Urplaniiii, 12
al3 ; very prime, 13 and 14 ; Sea Islands, 35 a 40. •
CitAutacs.t.ox Mamma., FEn. 12.—Six or seven hundred
bales of Sea Island Cottons were limited during the week, but
we believe there have been no sales. Same slintees have gone
off from 30 to 33 rerun. The business in llplands has not
been heavy, and at a decline, in some instances, of half tti cent.
in the potuul. We quote them at 12 a 13 CentS.—:..rancy lots go
JAN. 3L—The Cotton market has been rather
a little higher.
heavy since 'l'hs►r«day
last, and the prices have declined a little.
Choice parcels may be quoted at 13, prime 121 to 12i, inferior
clown to 11 cents.

PRICES or STOCKS, rEB. 11.

S. Sixes, !t1.1.3 -

Offered. Asked.
114 a 101 i
102 n 14.12 i
104 a 101}
911 i

,
11114
1814
Four and a 1udf,.10.23
Corl4l Sixes, old .
United State* flunk

114 i
1131 a 113 i.

(Fro the !Saxton Daily Ake, tiger, Pr& 18.)
DA3iAtIE ON 1.111.1,0 or EXCIIANUE.—A bill has been re.
ported in our Legislature for establishing the amount of do.:
mates for the rion.payment of bills of exchange dra,,vn
or indorsed in. the commonwealth. at five per cent. in ad-
dition to the tote of eKehaoge at the time of the return'
(4. the bill, if made payable ant of the United states, ex.
eept in Alma, beyond the Cape of Good Hope, Asia,, or its
islands ; and if payable in either .of the places above de.
scribed. twenty per cent. unless a specific contract to the same
hilly maide. above damages to be in full satisfaction
of interest; commissions, charges of protest and 'images.

EXEMPLA It Y HONESTY itEWA 111)M. A few
Mornings since as one of the watchmen in the Vauthall-bridge
road, ,named Green, was going him rounds between the hours
of one and two o'clock, he picked up a large pocket-book,
which, on examination, he discovered was filled with bills and
Ranklsl
of --ngland Notes to a very' considerable amount, also
20 Sovereigns in gold inside. 'rho vlatchtnan kept possession
of the p.roperty, and after leaving dutylic rtyaired to his beat
span,' expectation, that some enquiry might be made re-
specting it, in which be was not disappointed, air while pertint-
bul ding about the road, he ascertained' that a Gentleman was
making the requisite enquiries. Green accordingly told him
Ise had found a pocket-book with considerable property in it,
and from the description which the l'kentleman gave, it proved
to be the one he tom. The watchman, without hesitation, gave
It up, when he was most liberally rewarded with the '2O sove-
reigns ; and its a further reward for his honesty, he deposited
1001. iti olio Banit,of Englund for him.

A BILL

For Of PROVING the ADMINISTRATION of CRIMI-
NAL JUSTICE in ENGLAND.

(As Amended by the Committed.)
ticss. 7, 0 co. Iv.
This is one of Mr. Peel's Bills, am is with
leSt uvileigkd satisfac *ott thS4attint Olves
;enabledlaNtagNe w' Oh Nate& 4,ty
in the details of this. Bill,.althongh vid-ptOtest
ourselves as groat enemies as ever to his general
consolidation system. Little, however, of the
mania of consolidation is to be found in this Bill,
and even that little had been certainly a great
deal better omitted.

'l'lll. first great principle about to be introduced
by this bill into the Criminal Law of England, is thy
privilege conferred on Justices of Peace of taking
bail front persons accused of felonies. Although
the limitations under which this privilege is con
-
ferret! area such (if properly exercised), as greatly
to restrain the operation of the power, we are
not disposed to view it altogether as a very sea-
sonable alteration of the law. Because we hold,l
that where conduct leads to the smallest suspi-
cion of a 1111ill'S honesty and character, that man
ought to take the consequences of that bad cha-
racter when accused of crimes, and be commit-
ted to prison for trial, unless admitted to bail
by the express order of a Judge, as now is re-
quired. The power here given of splitting hairs,
by attempting to distinguish shades of suspicion,
and of determining between what shall and
what shall not amount to evidence sufficient to
justify the refusal or'acceptance of bail, must of
necessity be extremely vague, and seems to us
to furnish no additional security for the liberty
of the subject on the one hand, whilst on the
other it opens a door to the escape of great and
influential °Wenders. We say this in due respect
to the great body of Justices of Peace ; but at
the saute time, knowing our own frailties, we
cannot but apprehend, that in cases like these,
where the examining Justice resides in the im-
mediate neighbourhood of the family of the of-
fender, he would. Sometimes find his judgment
hoodwinked, and not in condition to weigh very
accurately such nice distinctions as the new Bill
purposes to establish, or to listen very attentively
to facts which might perchance assist him in
coming to a correct conclusion. In plifitter terms,
we are afraid the power will introduce a system
of favouritism, and would only be abused, to
wink at the escape of offenders of the class to
which we allude.

The: next object of this Bill is to pre-
vent the power of quashing indictments, by
reason of some formal defect in them. Such,
for instance, as using the word 41 statutes"
for " statute," omittiug the words with
" force and arms," and a number of other tri-
vial errors of this kiud ; in language more intel•
ligible to the profession ; it is nothing more or
less titan the extension of the statutes of amend.
meet end jeo fades to criminal proceedings, from
the operation of which they were excepted by
the Immunity of the English common law. In
the praise, however, due to this anaendotent,we
must put forth another claimant, albeit, it is in
derogation of the linnoUrs heaped upon the head
of Mr. Secretary Peel ; and notwithstanding-his
ltight llonoUrahle
,Gentleman will he shorn of
some of his laurels. The chief merit is due to the
venerable Sir Matthew Bale, a name which will
live for einir is the IPgal annals of the country,
and shines no Ipss conspicuous for the virtues
practised by the rosin, than the knitting 'and
erudition of the. lawyer. This great Judge,
years ago, roniplained of the nicety required in
iniminal proceedings, observed, 46 that this
strictness is grown to ice a blemish and inconve-
nience to the law, and the administration thureof;
for that more offenders escaped by the over-easy
ear Oren to exceptions in indictments, than by
theirinnocetaCe." We question indeed whether the
purposes of humanity were very materially served
by this great strictness of the law, and therefore
view this alteration as a real and SUbilantitil
amendment, and ,offer our thanks to Mr. Peel
for giving effect to the suggestion of Sir Matthew
Hale.

The next .purpose of this 13i1I, and that which
most materially affects the vent body of the
public, are the provisions for repaying to prose.
cutors and witnessess the costs they have been
put to by attending at the trial of public offen-
ders. This again is a manifest improvement, and
the praise due} to which i-, the sole and undivided
property of the Inane Secretary. Under this
hill the prosecutor, and witnesses will been.
titled to their costs, w nether the offenders against
whom they uttend as evidence are tried or not,
and in some cases whether the offence amounts
to a felony or a misdemeanour. Provision is also
made for the iumo.diate payment of the sum due
by the County Treasurer, but subject to the
roles and regulations of the Quarter Sessions, in
order to guide the officer in fixing the amount
that each person ought to receive. It will be
readily conceived, that a more beneficial measure
to the Public at Ittrge,could scarcely be brought
forward ; but we are almost. afraid that it has
been introduced without much previous inquiry
into the amount that will thus be us.nually
thrown on the county rates. These assessments
in ninny counties already amount to a vw,t sum,
and this charge must of necessity greatly increase
them, anti give additional cause for complaint.--
1 t is not, however, our intention to enter into this
matter, and we will therefore turn from it to no.
tice the last new feature of this hill. This Ira.
tore is another benefit, upon the attainment, of
which the Public may be congratulated, as it re•
moves all the evils (and they were oppressive
and numerous) which attended the indiscrimitette
estreating of every recognizance, the party hound
by which happened to make default in the
fulfilment of the condition. This Rill requires
the e proper
rs Officernowho
have. t o
al a
tlde.
before the Court a list
of the I
Le.sult, and to
state also the reason, if any is known, why they
have not given their atten&IIICP, I.llld the Officer
is afterwards to estreat those recognizances oily
which the Court shall order,

These are the chief features of this new Law,
and they seemed to us, Upon the whole, ao well
calculated .to produce good, that in detailing

them we have run to greateriength•thanL at
first intended.
`There is, however, one, other point upon which
we ore desirous of saying a few werdSthat
i 9, the restitution of stolen property,; lawful
owners when fountlik,, This „is a su 'ect, we
Should imagine, desetiring the atteott of the
Home Secltgaryti OA by lithe over ht or
t ►t - tensed 07 hen"( ranthig
this new Bill. As the matter now stands, this
property is retained by some of the officers of the
Court, contrary, at
cive think, to law, and cer-
tainly opposed to justice. This is tt defect which
slm'eld be remedied. The first and only statute
provision on this point is the 2.1 henry 'V I I 1.,
c. 11, and this Act directs the ,restitution of the
property to the lawful owner, subject only to
the condition, that the offender has been prose-
cuted to conviction by him. By law, stolen pro-
perty belongs to the Crown, when recovered.—
But there is a great controvercy es to the owner-
ship of these goods, in case of sale, after having
been stolen, end before conviction of the
offender, the decided cases beim; opposed to the
rules as laid down by Lord Coke. Thi3, hew-
ever, is nothing to our point, which simply asks
for a law, directing the Court to put the owner
in possession of his goods, upon the trial of the
offender, subject only to the same condition as
that imposed by the statute
of Henry VIII.—
This, in our eyes, is an amendment that the haw
requires. We are rot aware of any objection of
it, and if a proyisiOn to this effect were tacked to
the present pill, in the shape of a rider, it Would
he adding most. materially to the adVantages
already secured to the public by U.
