Patras. He has advanced at the head of a corps of
Arabs towards the city of Vostizza. He has ad-
dressed a circular letter to the Greek chiefs who
command corps, in which he promises to continue
them as captains in their provinces, provided they
acknowledge him as master, and come and do
hornage to him as such. if they should refuse, he
threatens them with utter extermination, without
sparing even women or children. He also promises
that he will receive with honour among his troops
those Greeks who may wish to enter. Some of the
chiefs have answered, that a national Government
has been already installed, to which they have sworn
fidelity and obedience, and that he must address
himself to that Government. As to the execution
of your threats,' they add, ' it is a kindness to us.
We prefer that all who have any of our blood in
their veins should perish rather than be obliged to
drag on life in the degradation of slavery.'

4General Church- continues in tli.e island of
Egina. He waits the first movement of Redschid
Pacha. He keeps this place as the most convenient
from which to proceed where the wants of the
country may call for assistance. Lord Cochrane is
engaged at Hydra, in getting the Greek fleet ready.
It will consist of from forty to forty-five ships, and
thirty-five fire-ships. The -captains who command
the several vessels have received orders a month
ago to hold their ships in readiness for sea. Only
fifteen of the ships and the firerships belong to the
Greek Government, the others are -fitted out by
private individuals at their own expence.
" Pettis, Juts 25.—The following is an extract
of a letter from Pera, written by an individual who
forms part of a diplomatic corps :---
"'• Affairs here appear to be taking a serious
turn. One cannot conceive the arrogant tone which
the Ministers of the Porte have for sometime back
adopted towards the great Powers, particularly to-
, wards Russia. It is confidently said, that two
Turkish agents left this secretly, on the 18th and
19th of June, for Teheran, on a mission to the Per-
siaa Government. It is added, that as soon as
M. Ribeaupierre was informed of the circumstance,
he hastened to inform his Court, by despatching a
courier extraordinary to St. Petersburgh.
" It is stated that Tartars have been successively
despatched to Belgrade, Widdin, Silistria, and Wids-
auk, with strict orders to the Pashas of these pro-
vinces to exert themselves with all possible activity
in getting together the troops which have been or-
ganised according to the new system adopted by the
Porte. It would appear that the Porte wishes to
establish a strong cordon on the extreme frontier of
Moldavia and Wallachia, so that the whole right
bank of the Pruth may be lined with troops."

FOR DUBLIN DIRECT,

By STEAM, calling at FALMOUTH, with GOODS and

PASSENGERS,

THE DUBLIN and LONDON STEAM
MARINE COMPANY
.beg to announce to the
Public, that the THAMES, a new and splendid Steam-
ship; of 513 tons and 160-horse power, by Bolton and
Watt, a sister vessel to the Shannon, being just finished,
will start on this her first and maiden voyage, on TUES-
DAY MORNING NEXT, the Slat instant, at Seven
o'Clock, from off Union-stairs, belovi the Tower.—The
accommodations of this fine vessel are of the first order for
Passengers, Merchandize, Horses, and Carriages ; Female
Stewards attend the Ladies' Cabins, and every comfort on
board at moderate charges. The Company having thus
established a regular and weekly conveyance between the
two Capitals by those two powerful and splendid Steam-
ships (Thames and Shannon), doubt not they will receive
that support from a liberal public that such an arrangement
merits, and in proportion to the great advantages arising to
both countries, as well as the English coast, from so rapid
and regular an intercourse every week, bringing the two
capitals to close to each other. The Shannon having ran
successfully right through one of• the most severe winters,
without an accident or an average at Lloyd's, notwithstand-
ing• the heavy losses from sailing vessels, offers a great
temptation to Merchants for their goods, rendering In-
surance almost unnecessary. The Thames lays below the
Tower, and Captain Dounan will be happy in showing her
to the numerous parties who have requested to see her ou
Friday and Saturday, as she starts on Tuesday morning.—
For freight or passage in London, apply to Mr. Alexander
Boyle, 3, Broad-street-buildings, where all births must be
secured, and goods sent the day previous to sailing. The
Thames and Shannon,pass off Dover to 'drop and take up
pasiengers at half coach fares. • .
