R NUMBER OF

THE DECENIBI
THE UNITED S
AND NAVAL AND Al
Contains, among other
e Progress of Duelling. The
9th Century
00Nautical Inventions
Rtert on the Sickness and Abr-
. ity among the Troops in the
st Indies—Jamaica
Decllu . of the Turkish Empire
The Disaster of El Hamet, con-
cluded

Some Account of the Country
and Nalal Force of the °why-
_ isitsosiar.s

Burmah and the Burmese during
the late War, concluded
Lieut. Jerningharn's Percussion
Lock for Naval Guns
Military Service in Australia
Henry Colburn, Publisher, 1

ERVICE JOURNAL,
lILITARY MAGAZINE,
r interesting Papers:--
Siege and Capture of Copaul-
droog
Foreign Miscellany, containing
an interesting notice of Upper
Egypt, &c.
Colonel Mitchell and Admiral
Ricketts on the efficiency and
use of the Bayonet
Reflections on Military Disci-
pline
The Canadas
Affairs in the East

Half-yearly Public Examination
at Sandhurst
With all the Naval and Military
Intelligence of the Month.

3, Great Marlborough-street.

This day was published, price. 65.,
" No. XX. of the
NEW STATISTICAL ACCOUNT OF
SCOTLAND.
Containing Part of the Counties of FIFE and ROXBURGH,
With Map of STIRLINGSHIRE.
William Blackwood and Sons, Edinburgh ; and T.' Cadell, London.

This day was published, price 55.,
No. XLIII. of
THE QUARTERLY JOURNAL of
CULTURE,AGRI-

AND
PRIZE ESSAYS AND TRANSACTIONS OF THE HIGH-
LAND AND AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY OF
SCOTLAND.
William Blackwood and Sons, Edinburgh ; and T. Cadell, London.

BLACKWOOD'S EDINBURGH
MAGAZINE,
No. CCLXXVIII., for DECEMBER.
CONTENTS.
1. Wat in Disguise. France—Mexico—Buenos-Ayres.-2. The
Liberalism of Popery.-2. Legendary Lore. No. V.—The
Onyx Ring. Part IL-4. Affairs of the East.-5. Poems by
John Kenyon.-6. Tranquillity in Ireland.-7. Extracts without
Comment, from our Two Vases.-8. The Murdering Banker.-
9. Our Would-be Rector.-10. Tupper's Geraldine.
William Blackwood and Sons, Edinburgh; and T. Cadell, Strand,
London.

ELIZA COOK'S POEMS.
Just published,

M E .

L A I A,
and other Poems.
By ELIZA COOK,
'ncluding all those which have, from time to time, appeared in the
Weekly Dispatch.
In one vol., foolscap octavo, price 55.,
Illustrated with a beautiful oil-colour frontispiece and vignette
title-page,
By Baxter, from Drawings by Burgess, representing
" The Old Water-mill" and The Fairy of the Sea."
The book is hot-pressed, and handsomely bound in cloth and gold
so as to form a splendid Christmas Present. To meet the sugges-
tions of many persons, it is also published in Five Parts, at One
Shilling each. The Engravings to accompany the last part.
May be bad cf all Booksellers and Newsvenders in the Kingdom.;
and of R. J. Wood, Dispatch Office, 139, Fleet-street, London.

Now ready, benne tolume, demy 12m0., price 10s. cloth boards,
91HE LONDON FLORA:
A- Or, Guide to the Knowledge and Localities of the Sponta-
neous Vegetation of the Metropolitan Counties • comprising a New
Arrangement of all the British Phaenogamous Plants ; a Brief Intro-
duction to the Science; a View of the most Popular Methods of
Classification ; and an Essay on Botanical Geography, &c.
By ALEXANDER IRVINE.

O Nlarischal College, Aberdeen.
*„* In this Work the Student will find every thing necessary
for prosecuting the Study of British Phmnogamous Vegetation ;
and, in addition, considerable information respecting exotic or fo-
reign plants. _

Smith, Elder, and Co., Cornhill.

This day was published, in One Volume, Bvo., with numerous
Coloured Engravings and Wood-cuts.
Price 14s. cloth boards,
C U T
Or RANDOM SKETCHESC, H,
Taken during a residence in one of the Northern Provinces of
Western India, interspersed with Legends and Traditions.
By MRS. POSTANS.
" Mrs. Pestans is the wife of an Officer on the Staff, now in
India, and her local acquaintance with Cutch, and rank in society,
have enabled her to produce one of the most interesting and talented
works published this season."—London Review.
" A more instructive or entertaining volume than this it has not
been our fortune to meet with for a long time."—Athenaeum.
Smith, Elder, and Co., 65, Cornhill.

SEAT of WAR in INDIA.—INTELLIGENCE from INDIA
to the END of SEPTEMBER.
THE ASIATIC JOURNAL for December
contains a very comprehensive Account, Statistical, Political,
and Nloral, of the Kingdom of Cabool, and of the States into which
it is now divided, the Characters and History of the Chiefs, &c.,
illustrated by a Map. This Number has likewise a very large por-'
tion of Asiatic Intelligence of great interest brought down to the
latest period, embracing particulars of the Military Preparations in
British India—Trial of Mr. Ogilvie, of the Civil Service, for Man-
slaughter—Affair of the Pseudo-Rajah of Burdwan—Meeting at
Bombay to commemorate Sir Robert Grant—Persecutions of
Christians in China—Important News from Persia, &c. &c. The
Original Papers include—A Review of Eastern News--Important
Historical Discoveries in the Inscriptions of India.—Russia, India,
and England—Sheikh Dulloo, the Inscriptions of India. Russia, India,
Historical Discos'els in t
the indarry—Analyses of Eastern
Works—The Book of Victories—Assam Tea—The Medical Service
of India—The Palee Plague--Poetry—Proceedings of Societies—
Critical Notices—The Penal Code of India, &c.
A. Allen and Co., 7, Leadenhall-street.

THE ONLY GENUINE PECTORAL BAL-
SAM OF HONEY, for Coughs, Colds, Asthmas, &a. In-
vented by Sir JOHN HI LL, M.D.
Sir John Hill, who was a very eminent Physician, recommended this
excellent preparation as the most salutary and effectual remedy for all
disorders of the Breast and Lungs : and many years' experience has con-
firmed the recommendation in the immediate relief and gradual cure of
Coughs, Colds, Asthmas, and Consumptions. It is the greatest preserver
of the Lungs ever discovered, and contains all the healing, softening, and
soothing qualities of that salubrious extract of FLOWERS, called
HONEY. No medicine was ever so universally counterfeited as this.
it is necessary, therefore, to notice, that the genuine prepare ion will
have engraved on the Government' Stamp, EVAN EDWARD., 67, St.
Tad's." Price 34. I. and 2e. Pd. per Bottle.
Sold by K Edwards, 67, St. Paul's Church-yard; Sanger, 110, Chs... •
ler, 76, Oxford-I*mo ; White, 94„ Eornhill ; and by most dealers in Ms.

REMOVAL OF LORD NORMANBY !—The Mail's
invention is extinguished by the Dublin Correspondent of
the Chronicle. His Excellency, of course, will remain
Viceroy. The simple truth is, that in the course of the
next month he goes to visit his estates in Yorkshire. But
so little warranty is there for the statement that Lord
Norinanby is about to retire from the government of Ire-
land, that the day for his first levee is already fixed.
A singular circumstance occurred a short time since
in Sebergliam. A family, consisting only of ladies and a
female servant, were aroused at a very early hour in the
morning by
the deliberate ringin of the drawing-room bell,
as by some person requiring attendance. After a short
g
interval, it was again steadily rung ; this was repeated five
or six times, to the horror of those who heard the unwonted
summons. As it appeared, however, that the unknown and
unwelcome intruder perseveringly demanded attention, one
of the ladies and the servant, after procuring a light, de-
termined to wait upon their mysterious guest, who bad thus
unceremoniously
taken possession of the drawing-room.
Upon entering the room, the nocturnal visitant, in the per-
son of a huge rat, very abruptly quitted the apartment,
without the smallest apology for the disturbance and dismay
he had occasioned. It is supposed that he descended the
chimney, and, after, fruitless attempts to escape by the deor
and windows, had attempted his ascent again by the bell-
rope, which he doubtless had effected, as was manifest by
the damage done to the paper-hangings and bell-wire, along
which he must have continued his course for some yards.—
Carlisle Patriot.

Yesterday a Court was held for the dispatch of much
public business. A great deal of interest was excited by
Mr. Sheriff Wood's notice of a motion relative to Mr.
Thomas Clarkson, A.M., to whose exertions has been prin-
cipally owing the emancipation of the African slave.
THE NEW ROYAL EXCHANGE.
Mr. ROBINSON, the Chairman of the Navigation Com-
mittee, requested to be informed what progress had been
made in the building of the Royal Exchange. The question
was of considerable importance as regarded the tenants of
the houses which it might be necessary to remove on ac-
count of the approaches, as well as regarded the transaction
of commercial business.
Mr. R. L. JONES very much regretted that he could not
give that satisfactory answer which he was anxious to be
able to return to a question which involved so manyim-
portant considerations. The fact was, as was well known,.
that the Lords of the Treasury had a veto as to the site of
the intended new Exchange. The Parliament gave them
that power in order that the public should be protected
as to the enlarged area, and also as to the avenues
around it. A Deputation waited upon the Treasury on
the 4th of October last, and they saw Mr. Baring, and
submitted the outline of the proposed area to the consi-
deration of their Lordships. The plan was promised to be
returned in a few days; as he (Mr. Jones) stated to Mr.
Baring that until the Lords of the Treasury should sanction
the outline of the plan the Committee could not give notice
to any of the parties whose property was required, and
the Act directed that they should have six months' notice.
Up to the present time, however, the plan had not been
received from the Treasury, but he had had the honour
of a conference with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, at
his own request, together with the Remembrancer, and
that Right Honourable Gentleman stated that he con-
sidered the Lords of the Treasury had a veto upon the
plan of the future Exchange. He (Mr. Jones) ventured
to state to the Chancellor of the Exchequer that he was
quite sure the Act gave no such powers to the Treasury,
and that he was convinced the Gresham trust, who were the
parties to re-build the Exchange, would not consent to such
a veto, as it was their intention to rebuild the Exchange out
of their own private funds. Since the period at which that
interview took place, not having heard anything from the
Treasury of a conclusive nature, he requested the Remem-
brancer to write a letter to the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer, impressing upon him the necessity of an early
answer, as, independently of the great delay and in-
jury to the commercial interests of the City, a great
injury would accrue to private individuals.—(Hear,
hear, hear.) The Chancellor of the Exchequer re-
plied, that the City should receive an answer in the
course of the week. Afterwards the Remembrancer
was directed to write to the Lords of the Treasury to re-
quest the honour of an interview with the Board before
they came to any decision. The Committee had been
waiting for that conference for the last week, and the Re-
membrancer had since made several personal applications,
but had as yet received no notice from their Lordships.
In the London bridge Approaches Act a similar clause
had been introduced, and the Treasury had not in any one
instance interfered with the elevation of any of those splen-
did buildings which had been erected, and which he trusted
were highly satisfactory to the public.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. DIXON asked whether the Treasury had provided
any funds towards the erection of the building ?
Mr. JONES replied that they had not provided a single
shilling for the purpose, nor had the Act of Parliament.
Mr. ROBINSON said, that his object in making the in-
quiry was to show that the Corporation had nothing to do
with the delay.—(Hear, hear.)
PRESENTATION OF THE FREEDOM TO MR. THOMAS CLARK

SON AND VOTE OF A BUST OF mat.
Mr. Sheriff WOOD rose and spoke as follows :—lt is im_
possible for me to do justice to a character so high and i
11 ustriou s as that' of lita,:Thomas Clarkson, but Alak.babit..of
the Court in honouring the memory of the great encou
razes me to ask them to aid me by its acclamation in a tri-
bute of respect to the subject of my notice of motion. The
Court has recorded the valour of heroes who have fought
the battles of their country against despotism for the sem-
, rity of civil liberty, and has also, in the person of Mr. Gran-
ville Sharpe, recorded their approbation of one who stood
forward against the combined opinions of such able lawyers
as Yorke and Talbot, who maintained that a slave might be
recaptured in this country, and returned to slavery ; and
he, by retiring to the study of the law, after three years of
close study, removed the legal difficulty, and, on the trial
of the great question, lived to see the Judges of the land,
in 1772, judicially declaring that a man could not
be a slave in England.—(Cheers.) He made a war-
fare against the personal sufferings of the slave,
but Clarkson attacked the trade, and I read his
own account of its atrocities in the following eloquent
and pathetic passage :—" Many evils of a public nature
which existed in former times, were the offspring of igno-
rance and superstition, and they were subdued of course
by the progress of light and knowledge, but the evil in
question began in avarice ; it was nursed also by worldly
interest. It did not, therefore, so easily yield to the usual
correctives of disorders in the world. We may observe,
also, that the interest by which it was thus supported was
not that of a few individuals, nor of one body, but of
many bodies of men—it was interwoven again into the sys-
tem of the commerce and of the revenue of nations.
Hence the merchant, the planter, the mortgagee, the ma-
nufacturer, the politician, the legislator, the Cabinet Mi-
nister, lifted up their voices against the annihilation of it."
It is right, however, that the Court should know a little of
the history of this trade, and, claiming indulgence, I will
briefly state that it had its commencement as a transfer of
the population of one country to bondage in another under
a Portuguese monarch in 1503. It was enlarged by Ferdi-
nand V. in 1511, and in an amiable feeling Las Cases sought
to regulate the trade ; but Ximenes, the Regent of Spain, in
the minority of Charles V., would not listen to anything of
the kind, declaring it an unholy traffic. Thus we have a
a distinguished Prince and dignitary of' the Church condemn-
ing a practice which has been a stain upon our nation.
Louis XIII. was duped into a consent to its continuance,
and the English Elizabeth was deceived by misrepresenta-
tions of its consequences and effects ; but when the subject
was submitted to her she declared it to be detestable, and
that it would call down the vengeance of Heaven ; never-
theless the trade flourished. Man acquired a property in
his fellow, and all those acts of barbarity and wretchedness
ensued which excited the sympathy of the philanthropist,
and the zeal of the benevolent. I shall not stop here to ex-
plain or enforce, because I have already given you in his
own words the pathetic appeal of the great man whose name
I wish to adorn the rolls of this city.—(Cheers.) In this
juncture Providence seemed to open the way for the labours
of the youthful Clarkson. At college, under the instruc-
tion of Dr. Peckhard, his labours and his feelings received
their bias, and while only a candidate for collegiate honours
he became acquainted with facts which, operating on his
judgment, determined his future life, and while he wished
to be distinguished as a gentleman and a scholar, he
appears to have been ordained for the higher honour of
proclaiming freedom to the captive, and providing the
means of happiness and comfort to the distressed.—
(Cheers.) Dr. Peckhard proposed a subject connected x ith
slavery for the prize essay. Clarkson read and wrote and
obtained the prize. It was the essay not merely of a can-
didate for fame, but it was a subject resulting from deep
research, carrying conviction to the judgment, and insensibly '
controlling the feelings. The man was formed at the
school, a strong proof of the necessity of inculcating on the
juvenile mind, nay, of enforcing it as a maxim, that all edu-
cation should be based on sound principles, corrected and
improved by religious precepts. Thus in 1785 Clarkson
became, contrary to his expectations, in opposition to his in-
terests, great as they were in the church ; large as were his
hopes from other quarters, endangering all—l say, with all
those youthful feelings and frightful oppositions, he became
the advocate and champion of liberty tothecaptive, freedom
to the slave, and of honour to his native country. In
1786 he published his essay ; did I say published ? I mean
not in the ordinary sense of publication for gain. He dis-
tributed it not by parcel or accidental delivery, but that
essay was the sword in hand to attack opposition to his new
tenets, or to introduce him to the most distinguished
of
statesmen and senators, and with no other recommendation
he gained access to two men, the greatest of their day, who,
though opposed to each other on political grounds had one
common point on which they triumphantly and'cordially
united, and that was denouncing the unholy and abominable
traffic of dealing in human lives.—( Cheers) Those great and
illustrious men are now identical with our history, and,
however men may approve or disapprove of their political
opinions, all will, as far as .the subject of slavery goes,
triumph in the names of Pitt and Fox as the great men of
their day, who by different routes aimed at the establish-
ment of liberty, and sought the moral benefit of mankind.
—(Great applause.) Somewhere about this time a few of
the Society of Friends associated with Mr. Clarkson; ulti-
mately a Committee was formed, and for the first time some
concerted plan was adopted to abolish the slave trade, all
previous efforts having been directed only to the personal
sufferings of the individual. Let us pause here, and with-

out anything further contemplate an instance of personal
devotedness to principle which exemplifies the opinion be.
fore alluded to. We see the germ of a great and extra-
ordinary man first developing himself, and proving beyond
all doubt that the liberty of the subject based on just
principles was his only object. But this perseverance con.
tinued through countless opposition and difficulties until
1805, during which time he travelled 35,000 miles annually,
correspondedspeuta
largewithsum of money, four hundmreuy, withoutfordpersons seeking a
sevenyeaurs;
and
otherrecoens I
recompense than
was in 1805 that he published
the approbation of his con-
science.—(Cheers.)own
his history, beautiful for its simplicity, its accuracy, and
fidelity. I shall read the observations of his Reviewer,
that review being Mr. Coleridge's ; his language is empha.
tic, his reasoning correct, and the whole so well expressed,
that I shall now read the following passage :—" It is the
history of its removal, of the means employed, of the pa-
tience exerted, of the fears and prudential sophistries which
incessantly tempted virtuous hope to despondency, and of
the glorious success which at length rewarded its perse-
verance. Finally, this interesting tale, is related, not by a
descendant, but by a contemporary—not by a distant spec-
tator, but by a participator of the contest, and of all the
many participators, by the man confessedly the most efficient
—the man whose unparalleled labours in this work of love
and peril leave on the mind of a reflecting reader the sub-
lime doubt which of the two will have been the greater final
gain to the moral world—the removal of the evil, or the proof
thereby given what mighty effects single good men may re-
alise by self devotion and perseverance." After this, need
I say more, except to remind you that hitherto the standard
of England has been seen on the coast of Africa only to ter-
rify its inhabitants? Now that standard is the emblem of
peace; it is the standard of protection to the oppressed ; it
is the way to lead commercial industry to a market where
every one, whatever may be his colour, may obtain a fair re-
muneration for his honest industry, and by commercial asso-
ciations derive also those means of moral improvement which
are always attendant upon commercial intercourse. You
have adopted a principle in the case of that distinguished
missionary, Mr. M'Adams, in support of whose labours I
had the honour to propose and you to grant GOO/. towards
his exertions in the Polynesian Islands, thus opening a
new field of commerce, and at the same time exhibiting a
most splendid specimen of moral improvement. You have
in Mr. Clarkson a gentleman whose exertions have laid
the foundation of greater results ; you have now the
whole of Africa as your dependent and adoring friend ;
and you will have the gratitude of all the virtuous and the
good if you number Mr. Clarkson among the freemen
of this city, whose name may be handed down to
posterity as the friend to the distressed of his species,
an example to the rising generation and an instance of
what may be acheved by individual perseverance.—
(Cheers.) I dare not trespass further on the Court ;
1 have occupied much time, though I have for the subject,
used great brevity ; the subject, I feel, is exhaustless ;
but the eulogy of the man must be founded on your own
convictions. You have the plain, retiring, humble, but
devoted and persevering Christian, acting on principle,
denying and depriving himself for others, and those the
distressed, neglected, and despised of the world, and I
ask, nay 1 anticipate, your entire approval of the measure
I have introduced. Claiming your pardon for the time I
have occupied, I yet have the confidence to solicit your
united concurrence in the motion I now read,—" That the
freedom of this city in a gold box, value one hundred gui-
neas, be presented to Thomas Clarkson, A.M., as a small •
but grateful testimonial of the Corporation of London to
the public services and worth of one who had the merit of
originating, and has the consolation of living to witness the
triumph of, the great struggle for the deliverance of the
enslaved A frican from the most oppressive bondage that
ever tried the endurance of afflicted humanity, thereby
obtaining for his country the high distinction of separating
her commercial greatness from principles incompatible
with the exercise of the religion of mercy, and achiev-
ing a moral victory, whose trophies shall endure while Ins-
tice, freedom, the clemency of power, and the peaceful
glories of civilization shall have a place in the admiration
of mankind."
Sir PETER LAURIE—I have wry great satisfaction in
seconding the motion of my Hon. Friend, which is not
more complimentary to Mr. Clarkson than honourable to
this Corporation. Some more costly tribute might, with
great justice, be suggested, but none more appropriate than
the freedom of the first city in the world to the man by
whose exertions real and substantial freedom has been be-
stowed upon thousands of his fellow-men. We have in this ,
chamber the bust of Granville Sharpe, to whom we were in-
debted for thatTimud boast, that thatiment a slave touched
the shores of England, that instant he was free : 1 say were ---7"
indebted, because I consider slavery at an end, and in 1840
there will not be a slave in the British dominions. But who
first roused the people of this country to the foul stain we
have so tardily wiped off? Who struck the first blow at
the fetters of the slave ? Thomas Clarkson. His whole
life has been devoted to this stupendous work of charity,
and his great reward on earth has been to see it ac-
complished. Unlike the men whose portraits decorate
this chamber, his victory has been a bloodless one—it
has been the conquest of mercy, the triumph of Chris-
tianity.—(Cheers.) So silent, so unostentatious has been
ihis philanthropy, that his claim to public gratitude was
almost forgotten in the day of success, and I thank my
Hon. Friend for suggesting this public recognition of Mr.
Clarkson's merits. Few have been so fortunate as to see
their exertions crowned with success. Mr. Clarkson's first
attempt at this great work was an essay on the abolition
of slavery, which gained the medal at his University. He
has watched its birth, its rise, its progress, its maturity,
with no other ambition but that of doing good—no desire
of power, but that of ameliorating misery—no wish for a nobler title than the friend of the friendless and the protec-
tor of the oppressed.---(Cheers.)
Mr. Deputy PEACOCK, Mr. ANDERTON, and Mr. Alder-
man VENABLES, bore testimony to the high character of
the gentleman whom the Court designed to honour.
Mr. R. TAYLOR thought that a bust ought to be voted
in honour of Mr. Clarkson's extraordinary exertions, as
well as a gold box enclosing the freedom,L-(Cheers.) The
bust would most properly occupy a space in that Court,
and remain there as a testimonial of the warm approbation
felt by every member of it for the virtuous individual
whom it would represent. A more amiable man, or one
more devoted to the high duties he had prescribed to him-
self, could not be found.

Alderman WHITE said, that the Court had been in the
habit of celebrating the vulgar triumphs of war and of party
by votes, and he congratulated them upon so fine an oppor-
tunity of celebrating a triumph of a different kind.—
(Cheers.) He hoped that the Court would adopt some
lasting memorial of Mr. Clarkson, which would meet the
eye and excite the competition of the rising generation.
Mr. KING requested to be informed of the expense of a
bust ?
Mr. FIRTH replied that the bust of Granville Sharpe cost
l.sol.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. GALLOWAY said it would be but an act of common
justice to vote a piece of plate to Mr. Clarkson, and to
place a bust of him in that Chamber. He trusted that the
Sheriff would consent to alter his motion, so as to meet the
general wish of the Court.
Mr. Sheriff WooD said he felt the deepest gratitude to
the Corporation for the readiness and warmth with which
they responded to his proposition, and he embraced the
suggestion as to the bust with the highest gratification.
He had felt some hesitation as to the bust, as he did not
know what would be the probable expense, but that hesi-
tation was now completely removed.—(Hear, hear.) The
Sheriff then so amended his motion as to make it adapted
to the general feeling of the Court, and it was agreed to
unanimously, and by acclamation.
ELECTION OF A SUPERINTENDENT OF THE CITY NEW
POLICE.
The Court proceeded to the election of a Superinten Gent
under the new City Police Act, when Mr. Whithair, who
has been nearly six years at the head of the City Police,
and whose exertions have given the utmost satisfaction to
the citizens of London, was unanimously chosen.—Ad-
journed.

MEDICO-BOTANICAL SOCIETY.—..The first meet-
ing for the season was held last week. Dr. Sigmund
commenced by delivering a lecture on the cultivation
of the tea plant. The learned professor, after advert-
ing to the mystery in which the system of the Chinese in
preparing, tea had been for some centuries enveloped, pro-
ceeded to explain its culture. It appeared that when the
time for picking the finest sorts of tea arrived, the la-
bourers employed were compelled to avoid gross food,
and adopt the purest diet ; and, moreover, that they per-
formed the operation in gloves. The authorities quoted
showed that this extreme delicacy was for the purpose of
preventing the slightest injury to the leaf from the breath
or skin. It would be as well if this example of cleanli-
ness was followed by the tea dealers of England. The
Chinese who could afford it drank their tea strong ; and
they had a proverb by which the poverty of the individual
was implied, who " drinks weak tea and eats insipid rice."
Samples were exhibited of every variety of tea imported.
into this country and the continent. Among other varieties
there were some fine specimens of the Pekoe used in Rus-
sia, the " caravan teas. which are brought overland
through Kiachta, and the Howqua's mixture tea. That
the Hong merchants used not generally to deliver for ex-
portation their finer sorts there was no doubt ; for it was
proved by the fact that since the opening of the trade
many new varieties had been brought to England, and,
amongst others, he would mention the " Howqua's Mix-
ture," which had now become a standard tea in this coml..
try. The flower of the China tea plant had a fine and. fra-.
grant aroma, and differed in the form of its blossoms front
the lately-discovered Assam tea shrub. The learned! pro.,
fessor ably illustrated his observations by elegant paiiitinos
0-141
the property of Mrs. Morrison.
