WESTMINSTER.

A meeting of the electors of Westminster in the interest
of Colonel Evans, was held last evening at the Salopian
Coffee-house, Charing cross, to take into consideration the
propriety of putting in nomination a genth.man of truly
independent principles for the representation of the City
and Liberty of Westminster.
Mr. PROUT was called to the chair.

Mr. Mlcnts then read the report of a deputation which
had waited upon Sir John Cam Hobhouse yesterday, at
Richmond, viz , Mr. Thomas Miehie, Mr. George Moore,
Mr. Thomas Milner. These gentlemen informed Sir
John Cam Hohhouse that they were a deputation of
Westminster electors, commissioned to ask him answers to
the four following questions, which were then proposed to
him by Mr. Michie
1. As you, Sir John, have maintained the propriety of
voting by Ballot, will you move for, or support a motion
to accomplish that purpose?

2. As you, in 1322, made a motion for the repeal of
the Assessed Taxes, will you repeat that motion?
3 As you were returned to Parliament to procur9
Short Parliaments, will you move for, or support a mo-
tion for the repeal of the Septennial Act ?
4. As you have advocated the repeal of the 'faxes on
Knowledge, will you move for, or support a motion to re-
peal the stamp tax on newspapers and the excise duty
on paper ?
The Report stated, that when Mr. Michie was about to
read the second question, Sir John stopped him, observing
" You may save yourselves any further trouble, I will give
no pledges whatever ;" and on its being requested that Sir
John would hear the whole of the questions, he objected,
saying, amongst other things of a similar tendency, that
" he had been the Representative for Westminster for
twelve years, and if the people of Westminster were dis-
satisfied, they had better look out for another to represent
them ; he never met any subject with more perfect indif-
ference in the whole course of his life." The questions
were put to Sir John three several times, each of which
times Sir John refused to pledge himself.
The reading of the Report excited a great deal of indig-
nation among the gentlemen assembled.
Mr. MICHIE then addressed the meeting, stating his
reasons for suspecting Sir J. C. Hobhouse, who, he
doubted, was no longer the free, unshackled man who had
f mnerly been their representative.
Mr. ARBER then moved, " That the decided manner in
which Sir John Cam Hobhouse has refused to pl-dge him-
self to carry into effect the spirit of the Reform Bill, entails
upon us the necessity of calling upon a gentleman of cha-
racter and independence who will give that pledge."
Seconded by Mr. MICHIE, and carried unanimously.
At the motion of Dr. WADE, it was then resolved that
Colonel Evans should be invited to come in.

Colonel Evans, on entering, was received with great ap-
plause. The following questions were then put to him :-
1. Will you originate or support a motion for the Vote
by Ballot?
2. Will you originate or support a vote for the Repeal
of the Window and House Tax ?

3. Will you originate or support the Repeal of the
Septennial Act ?
4. Will you originate or support the Aho'ition of the
Taxes on Knowledge and the Excise Duties on Paper ?
6. Will: you support or originate a motion fur the Ex-
tension of the Scot and Lot Suffrage ?
Colonel Evatis then addressed the meeting. He said,
hat with regard to suffrage, his own opinion was, that
every householder ought to have a vote ; but that, how-
ever, he had been told by several gentlemen better ac-
quainted than himself with technical distinctions, that
scot and lot suffrage would go far enough, as it would be
very difficult to find out who, out of the many people living
in many houses, might be considered the householders.
The ten-pound franchise, though, perhaps, well enough in
London, where few houses were under that value, he con-
sidered as creating a sort of aristocratic exclusiveness in elec-

tions in the smaller towns ; but he most certainly felt that
the scot and lot suffrage shuld at once and decidedly be
promoted. In this, as in other matters, he considered the
Reform Bill had not gone half so far as it tnight, with per-
fect safety, have gone. With regard to the ballot, he cer-
tainly thought very highly of the principle. The great
effects produced in France latterly under the influence of
such a system, and the increasing prosperity of America
4 country governed by that principle—are sufficient de-
monstrations of its superior excellence and eligibility. la
his late canvass in the country, he had had occasion to
remark the almost absolute nectssity of the protec-
tion of the ballot to the poor electure.—(Hear.)
He thought the Government was bound to bring

this measure forward as well as the Triennial Act.
With regard to pledges, he would incidentally say that he
thought no honest man could refuse to give to his consti-
tuents a decided promise or pledge of what he intended to
do. So far from considering pledges disgraceful to the
candidates, be thought them requisite in the present state
of things. Colonel Evans would vote for the abolition of
flogging—.a practice the most degrading to all partiee-.....4
practice which never made a bad man good, but which
has made many good men bad. He would vote for the
repeal of all laws by wh ch individuals are punished for
holding particular religious tenets. There should be no
legislating between man and Lis Creator. He would vote
for the separation of Church from State ; for the appro-
priation of tithes to their original purpose--the benefit of
the people ; and for the reformation of all Church abuses,
He was a most decided enemy to all slavery abroad or at
home ; the means of abolition of negro slavery were a
matter of doubt ; many were proposed, and it remained
to choose between them ; but he considered that, at any
rate, the immediate emancipation of the children was a
most proper and safe proceeding. With regard to compen_
sation, he altogether objected to it ; be could see no claim
to compensation where there was no possible property.
Colonel. Evans would vote for the immediate extension of
the franchise in the parishes. He would vote for the
repeal of Sturges Bourne's Act. He was decidedly
opposed to the present Law of Entail. He would
strongly advocate the procuring of cheap law for the
people. He was decidedly opposed to the Corn Laws
The most efficient method of altering thin and several
other abuses was a great question ; but he would most cer•
tainly use every exertion to procure the repeal of this
as well as all other monopolies. With regard to the Eank
Charter, he had not as yet exactly made up his mina, Oa
xar el,iadwt reading;
oe;f
the subject of the East India monopoly he was better in-
anti
formed, both from personal observseaedtioaTnag
he felt, that though this trade ought not, from motives of
interest to ourselves, to be at once violently wrenched from
a Company who had exalted it to such a degree of pro.
mn-
r.ileiiptieciaiatitiotonfy.etthtTehahNtiepit'irhueeiaovyTrtaaeldnnedrtOHlCuoilurtina he considered should
certainly be laid open. He should certainly vote for the
con-
sidered most unequally oppressive. A graduated Pro..
perty Tax he thought the best substitution. As to ear.
riage windows, those who kept carriages could afford tr 4
pay for the windotva. Colonel Evans then shortlya
dressed the meeting on the spirit of his views
going subjects. He Intuit say Osat

*than he heard that glr J. Hob!fovea refused now tectiedg-
himself to the same views which, some years ago, he had
so strongly expressed himself on. He did not wish to re-
flect upon his rival Candidate, but thought this change of
manner very surprising.
Colonel Evans was, throughout his very able and effec-
tive speech, received with the greatest approbation.
It was then unanimously resolved, " That the declara-
tions made by the G.llant Colonel, and the answers be had
given, were completely satisfactory."
The Gallant COLONEL returned thanks. He did not
come before them for the there.purpose of soliciting a seat
in Parliament ; he bad already two at his option, but be
desired the great honour of being the Representative of
such an influential' and enlightened district as West-
minster: -
The Gallant Colonel having retired, a lengthened con-
versation took place, respecting the conduct of Sir J. Hob-
house and Sir Francis Burdett.
Mr. Mooax, one of the deputation who had called upon
the former gentleman yesterday, stated that he had re-
ceived them by no means in an over courteous manner.
When they opened the business, he in fact got into such a
passion, that he could hardly restrain himself from break-
ing out ; and, as the speaker expressed it, " but for the
firm and unbending manliness of Mr. Michie, he verily
thought Sir John would have shown them the door."
A letter was then read from Sir F. Burdett in answer
to one sent to the Baronet from Col. Evans, stating that
the latter was about to canvass the Electors of Westmin-
ster. The answer sta,ed that "he (Sir Francis) was
much surprised that the Electors of Westminster should
at all think of ousting one who, like Sir J. C. Hobhouse,
had served them faithfully and satisfactorily foul teen years
—that he (Sir Francis) felt this so deeply, that if those
Electors should think of turning out Sir John, he (Sir
Francis) would never think of acting with any other
Colleague."
The tenor of this letter, and the statements respecting
the reception of the Deputation by Sir J. Hobhouse, ex-
cited mingled ridicule and indignation among the Electors
present, who characterised them as most insolent and un-
worthy.
A Resolution was then unanimously carried of support
to Colonel Evans.
Thanks were voted to the Chairman ; and a Committee
was appointed in support of Colonel Evans, to sit every
evening at seven at the Salopian Coffee-house.
The Meeting then broke up, it being previouslc re-
solved to call a public Meeting in support of Colonel
Evans, to be held on Thursday, the 22d, at the Crown
and Anchor, at seven.

MIDDLESEX-MR. IIUME AT T WICK-

ENHAM.

A large and respectable Meeting of the Electors of
Twickenham and the parishes in its vicinity, took place
yesterday afternoon, at the King's Head, Twickenham.
Mr. CLAT, one of the candidates for the Tower Ham-
lets, was unanimously voted into the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN said, that he confidently introduced
Mr. Hume to their notice, and if he were not elected by
them, it would be no disgrace to him, but an indelible
stain on the Electors of Middlesex—(Cries of " That's
true ;" and " It shan't be so.")
Mr. Hesse rose, and after mentioning some important
results that would be derived from Reform, mentioned that
all-absorbing one of the ballot. The ballot would render
the tradesman independent of his proud customers, and
nothing would more tend to put an end to party rancour
and animosity. He anxiously wished for a change in tl.e
present system of government ; but he wished that it
should be effected cautiously and constitutionally, as he
trusted it would be by a Reformed Parliament. He
wished to purify civil as well as clerical institutions ; he
did not wish to pull down, but to keep up by timely re-
pair. He was a Conservative in the proper and legitimate
sense of the word, for he wished, by conceding early to
the people what they so justly claimed, to prevent them
from going to terrible extremities. In a civil way, it
could never be sanctioned that one man should be ap
pointed to perform a duty at Halifax, Portsmouth, the
Land's End, and John O'Grot's House ; why then
should it be sanctioned in a clerical way, as it was by
conferring upon one Rector several livings ? Whe❑ be
proposed changes to remedy this system, he was at-
tacked as if lie were a mad dog, and cried down as a living
nuisance. He proposed the Scotch system, where every pas-
tor had but one living—attended to his own duties, and
was not only the moral and religious instructor of his
flock, but their friend and adviser. If such a system
was adopted, rich and luxurious Prelates would be no
longer se en rolling about in splendid equipages, and the
poor working curates would not be seen almost starving,
but at any rate unable, from their petty stipends, to up-
hold the rank they ought to have in society. It was front
his opinions upon this subject that so many calumnies had
been launched against him by journals edited, he knew•,
by clergymen, whose ehi.ei zeal was to continue the abuses
of the Church, and the enjoyment of unearned pensions.
He wished that the maxim of St. Paul were applied to
the Parsons and Bishops, " He that will not work shah
not eat."—(Cries of " S-nd them to the plough !") He
said, how contrary to religion and piety it was that Bi
shops should have votes in the House of Lords, and thus
be enabled to meddle in political matters. Their conduct
in that House for the last two years had rendered theta so
disagreeable to the people that the Archbishop of C .nter-
bury himself could not go publicly to discharge his duties
without drawing down upon him the taunts of an insulted
people.
Mr. C. SVMMONS then proposed a resolution to the
effect, that the meeting were completely satisfied with Mr.
Hume's Parliamentary conduct—that his explanations
were more than sufficient to clear away any charges math
against him, and that they were determined to spare no
effort to bring about his re-election.
Mr. GREEN seconded the motion. _

Mr. FY LER (the late Member for Coventry) said, tha
they were upon the point of a convulsion—there were
breakers immediately a-head of the vessel of the State—and
they should choose contented and calm pilots to steer them
clear of the menacing danger. Mr. flume was not one
of the pilots he should choose, for however popular some
of his political doctrines might be, they were eminently
dangerous.—(oh, oh.) With respect to the charge of
Atheism, he entirely exculpated Mr. Hume from it, but
thought him liable to another chat ge, that of republicanism.
From his frequent allusion to the American Government, be
seemed to prefer it to the C institution of this country.--
(Cries of " Yes, he does as far as economy goes, and he is
right.") He was also sorry to stare that in the report of a
late meeting, as given in the Morning Chronicle, Mr. Hume
was made to say, that he saw no harm in Paine's political
opinions.—(Cries of " Why should be?—they are excel-
lent.") The meeting and Mr. Hume might think so, but
he did not. He then accused Mr. Hume of going too far
with Church Re'orm, and that his measures would rather
tend to subvert than mend it. The Hon. Gentleman then
accused Mr. Hume of always sneering at the mention of
the Church, from his seat in Parliament. It was evident
that be did not like a National Church; and that his
opinions would, if supported, be either the cause of deep
and widespreading superstition, or of no religion at all.—
(Much laughter.) Mr. Hume's advocacy of a free trade
was alone sufficient to deprive him of his vote ; and his
conduct at a large political dinner, at which the King's
health was refused to be drunk, was, to say the least of it,
not that of a loyal man. By remaining in the Chair after
such a refusal, he sanctioned a proceeding that was most
;Disgraceful to any body of persons.—(Groans.) In con•
,elusion, he had one thing to say in praise of Mr. Home,
and he did it cheerfully. It was, that whenever Mini-
sters had any dirty job in hand, they were frequently de-
terred from executing it by saying to themselves, " What
will Hume say to this, for he is sure to nose it out."
Mr. HemE then said, with respect to his mentioning
America so often, and contrasting it with this country, it
was not that he wished a republic to be introduced here,
but that he wished for its economical spirit. A republic
could not be established in an old country like England,
though it might be the fittest for a new country. With
respect to Paine's works, he knew little of his theological
ones, and that little inspired him with a horror for• the
doctrines they promulgated. He had read his political
works, and he did not hesitate to repeat, that they con-
tamed many good things, which could not be too generally
known. The resolution was then put from the chair, and
carried amid loud cheering.
Mr. Fvt•ER proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman ;
after which the meeting broke up.

CHANGE OF TIMES.—When the great SA-
muyi, JoHNsoN visited Scotland, with none of the best
popowssions in its favour, he dee!ared there was not a
ow to the country. Flow different the opinion of an aged
forester, now in his 76th year, and who has an extensive
charge ou thf; banks of the Forth. In an excursion lately
into Lincolnshire, he passed, on the top of one of the Lon-
don poaches, through the counties of Northumberland,
Durham, and York, and returned in the same manner.
This patriarch of the forest was asked what he thought ir f
England. " Indeed no muckle," was the reply. "As fo
their farming, they are far !faint ; the rigs are sae crooked
cad auld fashioned. I tell'd them they should make their
country a Scoand ethegether and as fur trees, I hae nae
aecn a gude ane since I went away. There are some sticks
about Dalkeith that bae some appearance o' being trees,
but except, I saw naething worth speak n 3 about.'
Adinburigh Paper.
DISCOallt
-t'Kb7

~~~ L
..~-,
