DUTCH MAIL.

fletvOrrsLvvs,- Dec. 23.—Accounts have been
received here to-day; that the eansegnence of the.
late heavy conscription in France has been age-
-neral revolt, and that great numbers are dally de-
sertian. to the Allies.
Private letters from Frankfort of 6th inst.
state, that the Deputies from the Swiss Confede-
ration had on that day an audienee of his Majesty
the Buspeeor of-Austria: They were received very
graciously by that NI-6mnd/ ; hot, as it is said,
on their propOsal that the Act Of Neutrality should
be respected, they Were dismissed with the as-,
/nuance, that possible forbearance should he
exercised towards Switzerland, but that he could
. .
not consent to a neutrality.
'Bona, Dec. 23.--'—GeNral Von Billow has is-
sued the following proclamation from his head
AtuertPfs at Utrecht.
INHABITANTS Of FLANDERS,

' The wrath Of Heaven has at length failed on
hitn,whose pride and Allibitipn devastated the
world, *hose criminal hand seized and destrOyed
the most sacred things, as soon as he found 'any
resistance, to.his jealous and bloody pr'oceedings.
They have been scattered ; those, innunittiable le-
gions; which he had a second time brought under
the vengeful swords of free people; for the
second time a new is lust, and
misery has reached-its height-, insomuch that
it is only necessary to utter Hitt 'mule of Na-
poleon, to hear the execrations of many millions
of his subjeetes, *hose happiness, t*lp.,se dearest

ties, 11104 tteerottiAdod ilia. Ofithiticidi
(kstructiy, plains dr this madman.'
" Inhabitants of Flanders ±-,--Of all the natioht.
with Whom yon were formerly 'wired; 'fat
the only one that still groans under his destAtiO
,yoket you are the only one from Whom he Can
at pleasure talte'their children, their brethren; kod
relations, to lead theirs to the field of slaughter,
or cause them to suffer muter the miseries of.shame
and disgrace in which his insatiable anthltiou
unavoidably lead them ; ye arc the duly one, #llO
have not been eneottraged, by the sweet hope of
recovering your ancient prosperity, aril of gather-
ing in Peace the fruits of your industry and t
deavours, and again being happy mid independant
wrier il paternal government. Will ye tiny longer
bear this dishonourable slavery ? Does not the
nourable example of your friends, who already en-
joy the adiantages 'of the late fortunate and ho-
nourable days, inflame your courage ; are you not
inclined to follow it ?'Without doubt, the I) !owl of
their valiant and honourable a aecAorr;still flows in
your veins--Je ate still that heroic people, of
‘vhose glorious deeds history has preserved the
remembrance; a people ,worthy to join the glorious
alliance of nations who have' recovered their free-
dom. Ye. should also be put in activity—Ye should
a tso break your shamefela I ns—What do yon fear?
What should cause your courage to tail ? We are
ready to support you—we are ready to fight art
your side for the recovery of' your freedom; and
we have assuredly deserved that you should placp!
some confidence in us. It is not the thirst 'of
conquest, it is not the lust of oppression, it is nut
the avarice of plunder, which leads us to yo;t.
We would save our breti
people with whom
we form one family, and Which is connected With
us by the most sacred ties, and restore to you
berty anti happiness.

'rake courage, people of Flanders ! arise, and
be active, as beseems a free, noble, and indepeu-
dant peopie.—Break the chains with which fo-
reign robbers have too king boU ml your cotwtry.
=-Destroy the lurking-places to which their fear
and detryair have driven them.—Where danger' is
our colours shall Hy along with yours; and the
God of Hosts will now, as heretofore, bless the
sacred causer
.for which we have come forward."
—(Haarlem Cuurant, Dec. 25.)
tlxitocuT, Doc. 21.--According to inform-
tion receive from the neighboUrhood of "Lim.
burgh, the rrinee of Eckniuhl, who is, observed
by the Crown Prince of Sweden, on the 15th ins t.
made an effort to cut his way throur,li
corps, but .his intention has ,been frustrated
by the Crown Prince of Sweded hi such a Pulp-,
.ner, that he lost 6000 men in killed and wounded,
besides • 4001) takeU 'prisoners, so that ha NV:A
ohiged to throw himself into Ilamburgh with the
remains of his army, which was diminished to
7 or 8000 men.

According to report, Herzogenbusch is so hea-
vily bombarded by the Allies, that tires litive broke
out in three separate places 3 but us yet we have
no certain intelligence of its having surrendered.
The garrison of Gorcum continues to !nuke sal-
lies front time to time; but is always driven bac%
with loss. Last Sunday, on titeir nia'Aing orie of
their sallies, we topk several prisoners frolli them's,.
(Zuyderzee Alper, Dec. 23.)

WILLIAMSODT, DEC, 17,---YeStelflay arrived
s •
here, Lieur.-Col. Steinmetz, of the Artillery, wi;i,
is charged on behalf of his Royal Ilighuess to
supply Breda and Gerbrucdenberg with artiliery
and ammunition.

The cannon, which had been spiked by the
French, were by his directions unspiked, and seta
of one transport by laud atul une by water, to
their destined places.

A number of large vessels were likewise 1111113 e•
diately put under 'requisition for the service of the
country, and Mr. A. W. Schippers was nominated
a Colnmissny for the shipping and harbour. Mr.
Steinmetz immediately set olf for Breda ; and to-
morrow there will again be sent thither consider-
able „transports of artillery and ammunition.
This day (Friday), about four thonsitnil
English troops were landed at, :Slaveue,,se,
who were immediately !torched to Tholed.
whence they will proceed on to Bergen-op,zoom,
in which lastentioned fottresS, according to
good intelligence, pere are not above 430 French
troops remaining behind, and it is already bur-.
rounded by 7000 meo, as well English, as Bros-
sian
,and Prussian troops.—Zukdersee Paper,
Dec. 24,)

lirten.t, DEC. 2l , o'cLqcx, P. .-A
.corps cif
1000 Cossacks frota hence, having at 2 o'clock
passed Antwerp, and advanced above 13ra'so..11,
there came ye,terday, about zioon, fray A otvjerp
to this place, after having driven in our ad.
vanced poqs, about five thousand French troops,
among whom were .eitht hundred ealoliv.
They were well supplied with, artillery, and ii:4c
mediutely sent a flag of truce to summon the

LONDON,
TlftlitSD.4l; DZCZ.VBEIt act. 1813.

Letters from Lord WZI.LINGTON of the 22d,
'have been received by Government this day, which
state the Enemy had shown themselves on the
Mom., with the intehtion of getting into the rear
of Sir itsciwi..AND HILL, but that skilful Oificei was
fully prepared for them, and after a fruitless at-
tempt to effect their put pose, they had deethed it
necessary to make a precipitate retreat.

The length of the Extraordinary Gazette, the
important news from Holstein, the arrival this
morning of two Dutch Muds with a mass of inte-
resting intelligence, and the receipt at our Office
of further 'lemmas from Canada (for all of which
we must endeavOur to find room in our other co-
lutnns) render it impossible for us to offer -such
remarks On these momentous communications as
iv4.could desire. Having furnished the substan-
thil matter, however, we trust that our readers
kill,excuse us for being very brief and summary
in our observations upon ft.

The dispatches from Lord WELLINGTON arc
aPpily so minute in detail, and so satisfactory in
result, as to require no illustration from our pen.
How galling must it be to the 'Tyrant who so
lately lonic(' it over Europe, to hp thus braved
atsd iusulted upon 'French . grounto The superin,:
thy of the Allied Force. is completely established
by these. glorious battles, and' the consequences
in public Opinion must be most ruinous to the tot-
tering Uturper..
_ _

Put sttant to our promise,we yesterglay published
four exira Uitions qf the Sun, with the latest intel-
ligtate that transpired ; the last of these tliti not
epitear till 7 o'clock in the evening, and contained,
the Official Bulletin, List of the Klled, 84e, the
hour being too late to enable ns to print the manes
of the wounded. Having personally waited at
the War Department, suil in common with only

one other Paper (the .frtoitvier) *finally 80116•
tons with ourselves to relieve the public mind, re-
.ceiVed 'the very first Official Returns that were pre-
pared, and hastened to give them to the public, we
confess that we were extreMelysurprized, that, on
so interesting a subject, some .of our contempo-
raries had for hours before ventured to promul-
gate spurious accounts as officials and agonize 'the.
feelings of the Public by mutilated and partial lists
of the casualties, as derived frtius authority! We only
state this much to set ourselves right, as not hav-
ing neglected the pledge we gave, to be diligent
in procuring and publishing the earliest authentic
intelligence. In closing this subject we may be
permitted to pay a deserved compliment to Lord
BATHURST, the Secretaries, and the Gentlemen in
the War Department, whose unwearied, zealous,
and kind attention, in answering thousands of in-
quiries, from the friends of our valiant soldiers,
cannot he spoken of in terms of praise beyond
what is their due.

The accounts from Holstein exceed even the
extent of our yesterday's news. Part of Sleswick
is also overrun by the' fillies. The loss of the
Enemy is estimated at 10,000. men by the Dutch
Papers, and there can be no doubt, from the
situation of affairs, but that at the termina-
tion of the Armistice granted to Denmark, (it
is said for three days), the Government of that
country must submit to the best terms it can pro-
cure, and juin the Continental Alliance. Then
may the CROWN PRINCE turn to the Netherlands,
and, penetrating through Flanders, be the MoNx of
France.

Two Dutch Mails arrived this morning. They
contain a spirited Proclamation by General By-
Low, and an account of a fruitless attempt made
upon Breda by 5000 French from Antwerp, who
were brilliantly resisted by the Patribts, and in
their retreat are likely to pay dear fOi, their teme-
rity, as a cloud of Cossacks are after them.- Gor-
cum has not yet 1.4110 n. By a paragraph from
Belvoetsluis, it would appear that the Allies
would not allow the Neutrality- of Switzerland.

French Papers inform us that a most successful
warfare is carrying on by our squadron on the coast
of Tuscany. Nothing could be mote efficient
than this line of action for the dclik craace of.
Italy.

Our American Papers (far which we find we
Dave not space) contain IlAnatsoN's Dispatch re-
halve to Gen'eral PROCTOR'S defeat, dated De-
troit, 9th October. It is dreadfully long, and
states the British loss at 12 killed, 22 wounded,
aud.6ol prisoners, including 25 Officers; 6 pieces of
brass cannon and 2 iron 24-pounders. The enemy's
force amounted to between 3 and 4000 men, and
his loss 7 killed, and 22 wounded. Me regret to
find, that the consequence of the evacuation of
Upper Canada, has been the defection of many of
our Indian ft lends.

Captain I\lut,O.ts.4* has • beat tha. enemy at
Hamilton, and all along' the St. tiovrence they
have suffered immensely itt provisions, stores,•&e.
The canttnts.of the seven batteanx lately:,taken
from us on Lake Ontario, have been recovered
among these,' spoils of the' Wilkinsonian

tion. .
The enemy's regulars .have entirely quitted
Fort George.
Our brave force still hangs on Wrousao:4's
