OLD BAILEY—(Tnis DAY.)

Daniel Collerell, aged 35, was indicted for
stealing 70 yards of black satin, the property of Mr. T. B.
Stanbridge, on the 4th of April last, in the parish of St. Leo-
nard, Shoreditch.

The prisoner, it appeared, had been in the 'employ of the
prosecutor, who was a silk-dresser, to whom the property in\
question was sent to be dressed, when the prisoner gov posses-
sion of it, which he pledged on the 4th and 20th of April : one
of the duplicates he afterwards handed to his landlord in pay
ment of rent : the prisoner had told him he had received it for
a bad debt.--Several witnesses were called on the part of the
prosecution.

The prisoner put in a written defence, stating his extreme
poverty, and having a wife and four children ; also, that he
had been in a respectable way of business. Several witnesses
gave him a good character as being an honest and sober man.
Mr. Justice BEST made a few observations to the Jury, ob-
serving, that the property stolen had been proved by the wit-
nesses; and however painful it was to him, the Learned Judge,
they must find him Guilty.
The Jury immediately returned their verdict of Guilty, but
strongly recommended him to mercy, in which the prosecutor
_joined.

Mr. Justice BEST replied, that the recommendation should
certainly be attended to.

[Further Particulars of yesterday's Proceedings.]
SHOCKING OFFENCE.
John Holland, aged 42, and William King, aged 32, two
labouring men, were placed at the bar, on an indictment
charging them with the commission of a most shocking offence.
Mr. BOLLAND and Mr. NORTON appeared for the prose-
cution, which is instituted by the city of London.
Mr. John Bayley, a coachmaker in London-wall, and other
witnesses, made statements which left no doubt on the minds
of a crowded Court, of the prisoners' guilt, the detail of which
cannot be published. The witnesses were rigidly cross-cxa-
mined. In the hat of the prisoner, King, was found the body
of a woman's gown !
Mr. Justice BEST called on the prisoners for their defence.
—Holland said nothing ; King had recourse to a common sub-
terfuge ; but the witnesses for the prosecution confronted his
statement—they called no witnesses to character.
His Lordship, evidently much affected, recapitulated the evi-
dence ; he said he was bound to inform the Jury, that in his
estimation a clear case was established against both prisoners,
whose lives were in their hands.
The Jury, after about one minute's consultation, returned
both the prisoners Guilty—Death.
Mr. Bayley handed in a deposition, sworn by him before the
Lord Mayor, observing, that he had no doubt, when the con-
tents of the paper were read, vigilant watch would be set in
that vicinity, (viz. the neighbourhood of Moorfields).

ROBBERY BY A SERVANT. •
Rosina Davis was put to the bar, on an indictment charging
her with stealing a necklace, two bracelets, and various other
property, in the dwelling-house of Wm. Staff', Esq. in the parish
of St. Luke, Chelsea.
In the course of the evidence the Learned Judges complained
that the original depositions were not in Court. Mr. Justice
BEST directed that the Magistrates should be informed that the
Court expected they would in future be furnished. Th? evi-
dence adduced did not go far enough to bring home the capital
part of the charge, and the Jury found the prisoner guilty of
stealing to the amount of 395.

YOUTHFUL DEPRAVITY.
Robert St'adling, only 15 years of age, stood indicted capi-
tally for stealing in the dwelling-house of Thomas Cody, sundry
pieces.of silver coin, value 441.
The prisoner had induced the son of the prosecutor, only 12
years of age, to rob his parents and bring him the money ; but
it did not appear that he assisted in the robbery farther than
furnishing a key to open the box, which was not used, and by'
the direction of the Court the Jury acquitted him. Ile was,
however, ordered to be detained, and the witnesses bound over
to prosecute, under an Act of Parliament passed in the last
Session, as the receiver.
James Gardner, Wm. Bright, and George Vigenton, were
put to the bar, on an indictment charging them capitally with
assaulting, on the Bth of August last, near the King's high-
way, Thomas Harper, and taking with force and violence front
his person five sovereigns; a purse, IBs. in silver, and a pair of
shoes, his property.—Guilty.

.51ary Gyngell, a female of rather interesting aypearince,
was put to the bar, on an indictment charging her with stealing
in the dwelling-house of Mr. Prouse, of Burton-crescent, two
5/. notes and two sovereigns, his property. The prisoner was
proved to have paid one of the notes to the driver of the Marl-
borough coach, on the 2d of August last, and the Jury found
her Guilty..

•
Joseph Johnston was put to the bar, on an indictment charg-
ing him with stealing, on the 16th of August last, in the parish
of St. Pancras, a watch chain and key, the property of Mr. John
Layburn, Park-street, in his dwelling-house.—Guilty.
The prosecutor begged to recommend the prisoner to mercy.
Mr. Justice BEST said, the Court would not send the pri.
soner out of the country, as he was not proved to have been tried
here before.

John Williams was put to the bar, for stealing in a public-
house called the Magpie and Stump, in Fetter-lane, certain
Rroperty, including one sovereign, and four half-crowns, be-
longing to James Conway, an occasional lodger in that
It seemed that on the night of the 4th of July, the prisoner,
as he had done on more than one occasion before, hired a bed
at the above-mentioned inn, to which he retired about eleven
o'clock at night. In the same room were two other beds ; one
occupied by Conway, and the other by a man named Richley.
The master of the house swore that about one or two o'clock on
the following morn ing, hearing a noise as of some person stumbl-
ing in the dark, he took a light and went to search the premises
that at the. bottom of the staircase he found the prisoner,
who- was stooping down and endeavouring to pull his shoes
on ; that he interrogated him as to the reason of his being
there at such an hour ; that prisoner replied, he was going
into the country by a coach which was to start at five o'clock,
and he was fearful of being too late ; and that upon the prose-
cutor's asking him whether he had got any money, he replied
in the negative, although upon taking off his hat, some coin
rolled out from under it. The prosecutor insisted upon the
prisoner's returning to his room ; when Ricbley said he had lost
all his silver but 6d., and Conway discovered that he had been
robbed of a sovereign in gold, 4 half crowns, and other silver.
A canvass bag was discovered in the prisoner's bed, containing,
among other cash, a sovereign and four half-crowns, together
with several duplicates to the amount of 21. 13s. apparently for
property pledged by the prisoner in his own and in other names
on the day preceding, and consequently anterior to the robbery.
The prisoner protested his innocence. Most respectable wit-
nesses, and among others a master of a King's ship, gave the
prisoner the very best character.
The Jury found him Guilty, and be was sentenced to seven
years' transportation.

CORN EXCHANGE, SEPT. 18.
We had but a small quantity of fresh Wheat at market this
morning, and there was but little demand for any this morning,
but the finest samples sold at Monday's prices ; Old Wheat
was not in demand; New Barley sold at last Monday's prices.
In all other articles there is no alteration.

HOP INTELLIGENCE.
SOUTEWARX, SEPT. 16.—We have a good demand for
Hops, and choice samples are on the advance; Weald of Kent
and Sussex are on the decline.

PRICES.

Kent Pockets, 40s. to 65s.—very choice 70s. to 76a.
Sussex Pockets, 325. to 50s.—ditto 525.
Price of Bags nominal.
MAIDSTONE, SE PT. 16.—The hop picking proceeds very
rapidly, and the quantity in most grounds fulfils every expec-
tation. The hops are reported to be turning brown, and going
off considerably at places, although in our own neighbourhood
we cannot learn that such is at all the case. A few parcels of
Pockets were sold in our market on Thursday, prices from 465.
to 565. per cwt. There was no sale whatever for Bags. The
Duty is estimated here at £200,000.

TEE LONDON JOURNALS.

RIETRACT3 FROM THE DAILY MORNING PAPERS,
September 18, 18'22.

[nit T134E5.1
The German newspapers, speaking of the in-
tended Congress, state that no stranger will be
admitted within the consecrated walls of Verona,
who cannot show a faculty of one sort or another
from some Minister or Minister's clerk, or who
does not plead ace special protection from one of
" the great Powers." What is it that these
Sovereigns dread ? Busied, as they no doubt in-
tend to be, in promoting the general happiness of
mankind, what is the meaning of these extreme
precautions ? But, whatever of benevolence there
may be in the motives, or whatever of intrinsic
wisdom in the plans, of these Imperial and Royal
personages, we esteem it a severe misfortune that
no such proofs of either have been furnished as to
satisfy a jealous and uncharitable world, that
there is nothing to fear from their resolutions,
or that there is anything to hope but from their
inability to realize, wl►at they resolve. With
the most amiable and disinterested feelings,
is it not, we ask, a more than usual cruelty
upon the August Members of the holy Al-
liance, that they should have become the ob-
jects of inveterate suspicion to the whole political
society of Europe, except those few individuals
only who are engaged in the immediate service
and about the courts of thee exalted personages!
The reason of such an universal impression to
their disadvantage—an impression which we de-
cline to justify, but merely seek to explain—
appears to he that men wonder what necessity
there can exist for so many Monarchs meeting to
assist each other in Governing their respective
subjects. If the schemes which these high per-
sonages come together such long and troublesome
journeys to ripen, were of a nature to promote the
welfare of their several countries, it seems the
strangest thing in the world that the authors of them
should not state at once to their subjects what it is
they propose to do for them ; and this without ever
leaving their own places. What resistance, what
ill-humour, could they expect from the people,
when all that they enjoined was for their good ?
But, on the other hand, when half a dozen Mo-
narchs lay their heads together, having no one
interest or concern in common, except that of
kingly power, and one to which, considered as
an exclusive interest (the light in which they
themselves appear, by the secrecy and mystery
of their councils, to regard it), that of all the rest
of mankind is distinctly and directly opposed,
the fact seems to stare all reasonable beings in
the face, that the meeting has no other object
under Heaven but to push the exclusive interest
of these Crowns to the `utmost, and to crush the
opposing interest of about 1W millions of their
fello-w-creatuxes

[NEW TIMES.]
We, must again advert to the Liberal General
Torrijos, who so candidly announced his inten-
tion-of executing the Leaders of the troops op-
posed to him. We intimated our apprehension
that he might possibly be disappointed of an
opportunity to carry his humane resolves into
effect. Our readers will perceive that even the
Jacobin papers of Madrid admit that this hero
has been forced to run away as far as Lerida.
This is tolerably conclusive proof of the trium-
phant situation of the Royalist cause in Catalonia.
Many other indications tend to skew that the Des-
cam isado faction is almost at its last stake- One of
their most desperate schemes is to unitetheSpanish
and Portuguese Crowns in the House of Bra-
ganza, setting aside (by assassination or any other
more convenient mode) the Bourbon. family. It
will-be seen that a step toward this measure has
been taken by a diplomatic Note proposing an
alliance offensive and defensive between Spain
and Portugal. The discussions which this may
lead_ to, it is hoped,, will accustom the people of
bath Kingdoms to the idea of an union of the
Peninsula. Riego, who behind the curtain- pulls
the wires of the present Ministry,, seems not
fully to relish this plan.. At least his quondam
Aide-de-Camp, San Miguel (who from a News-
paper Editor has suddenly became a Minister of
State), is represented as having rather discour-
teously repelled the advances of the Portuguese
Diplomatist.

[MORNING cnitomlctE.l.
The interdiction of the Nobility of the Polish
Provinces of Russia from travelling in foreign
countries, announced in the Continental Papers,
is one of those harsh measures which, we may
Sttppose, the apprehension of revolt could alone
suggest. Whatever may be thought of the
danger to Russia from a Polish rebellion,.a re-
straint of this nature, according to our notions,
'usust be very unpalateable to those who are sub-
ject to it. It forms rather a material drawback
from the pleasure which the power of trampling
at will on their poor .degraded serfs may
be thought to afford them. We believe Russia
Itas,- in reality, little to dread from Poland.
We have less hope of that country than of
any other in Europe. The'curse which always,
sooner or later, overtakes the nation in which the
mass of the population is retained in slavery, has
'fairly overtaken Poland. Grcece has this ad-
vantage over Poland, that the slavery of the
people was only national, the peasants not being
individually slaves. The Polish Nobles are in
general very amiable men, while nothing can ex-
Cecil the ferocity and brutality of the Turks, and
yet, however paradoxical it may seem? the Polish
peasants have been more injured by their com-
paratively humane .'and polished masters, than
:the Greeks by the brutes who have sway over
them.

[nitiTisit ruEss.]

A. Treasury Journal of last evening, alluding
to the Marriage Act, and the revolting restraints
and painftkLionditions which it imposes upon the
visitorsof the hymeneal temple, says—" A general
law, which? in its operation, partially presses upon
a particular class, way be retained upon principles
of sound policy, in spite of individual complaints;
but when a whole people cry out for relief, Par-
liament has nothing. to. do. but to grant it." This

Es liberal and constitutional language, and we
hope the Print in question will continue to speak
in the same good English style. Should it do
so, we shall congratulate the country upon
one adversary brought over to its cause. The
present distress does not in its operation partially
press upon a particular class—it presses upon all
classes—it pervades the whole country. The
whole country cries out against excessive taxation
and parliamentary corruption as the causes of
this universal distress. The Treasury Journal
must, if consistent, in future advocate the cause
of economy and reform. We fear it will not
redeem the pledge.

[MORNING POST.]
When the attention of Parliament was first
called to the Agricultural Distress, the price of
wheat was about sixty shillings the quarter. The
average price has recently been given as under
forty shillings. If such the fall in wheat, it might
be expected that bread would decline in pro-
portion. But has the price of the quartern
loaf been diminished any thing like one-third
within the period which we have mentioned ?
The truth is, there is a great deal of ma-
nagement between the mealmen and the bakers
to prevent that reduction in the price of bread,
which, under existing circumstances, the public
have a right to expect. When the Assize was
taken away, we 'remember a Committee was to
be appointed to regulate the affairs of the Baking
Trade. The business of this Committee was to
determine at what rate bread should be sent
forth to the public. They thus formed a direct
conspiracy against that competition which it was
the object of the Legislature to excite. Almost
the only competition produced, arose from the oc-
casional introduction of strangers into a neighbour-
hood. These persons, it can hardly be doubted,
were merely paid tools in the hands of the regu-
lars. The part they had to act was very simple
and straight forward. No comedian has his task
more completely before him. The actor who
was to make his debut as a cheap bread seller,
was to enter, and offer the quartern and
other loaves for sale enormously under price.
These were to be made of all sorts of trash,
that the Public might be disgusted with
the attempt. lie was to sustain several con-
victions for short weight, and finally the tool
pretended to be ruined, to shew that it was im-
possible for a Baker to get a living, who failed to
exact the price fixed upon by the Committee. The
Committee will of course be now on the alert to
defeat whatever may have been intended for the
general good, in the Act which comes into opera-
tion before the close of the present month. We
trust their operations will be vigilantly attended to
in the proper quarter, and that due care will be
taken to ensure the public generally the blessing
of cheapness in the article of bread, since the
Farmer cannot escape the inconveniences of it
when parting with his corn. The bounty of Pro-
vidence, felt as it ought to be by all classes,
would produce that largely extended consump-
tion which must prove one of the most efficient
remedies for Agricultural Distress.

[MORNING HERALD.]
TIIE LORD CIIANCELLOIt.-It is a curious cir-
cumstance, that the Lord Chancellor left town
on Thursday last and proceeded to his residence
at Encombe. It is not proof that his Lordship
was not very enthusiastic about the new arrange.
ments, but such absence has occasioned a good
deal of conversation in the " political circles."
The late Marquis of Londonderry's succes-
sor was not at that time positively named ;
the successor is not of the, Noble Lord's
party in the Cabinet or in Parliament ; and
it is remembered that, during the recent Ses-
sion, each party took notice of the speeches and
measures of the other, that by no means led to
the belief that they might so soon be found to-
gether in the same Cabinet.—The Lord
Chancellor will remain at Encombe a short
time, and proceed thence to Eldon ; so that
his Lordship will thus visit both the places
from which he derives his titles. There is
not the least foundation for the rumour, that
it is in contemplation to put the Seals in Com-
mission, in order that, his Lordship may be en-
abled to pay more attention to his " Parlia-
mentary" duties. While his Lordship re-
tains the Seals, he will personally attend
to the executive duties of his high station ;
when he is unable, from age or indisposition,
to attend to the proceedings in equity, his
Lordship will retire, not put " the Seals in Com-
mission." That there may be rumours to the
contrary, that paragraphs may appear, stating
that to be about to transpire which it is wished
to take place, ought not now to surprise any one.
There will be plenty of paragraphs and rumours
of " contemplated retirements."

There are at present in Br. Ant's fruit and
flower gardens, Dairy, strawberries of a second
crop, fully formed, and many in the different
beds in full blossom.
The cider harvest has commenced in Devon-
shire, and will prove the greaten known for many years ; one
farmer at Buckland will make between five and 600 hogsheads.

The crops of barley in Sussex prove much
More productive than was expected. A crop grown on an acre
and a few rods, at Horndean, in that county, when thrashed
and cleaned up, measured full nine quarters.
A remarkable instance of the fidelity and at-
tachment of the canine race occurred last creek',
in Manchester. A shopkeeper in Church-gate
being engaged as a performer in the Oratorios
now holding at Preston Guild, set off for that
town on Monday last by the coach. his dog,
Hector, who generally attended him, followed
him to the coach-office, and on his master getting
upon the coach, the faithful animal skewed by
all the means in his power, placing his fore-legs
on the wheel and moaning, his desire of accom-
panying him. When the coach started Hector
followed it a considerable distance ; he after-
- wards returned to the coach-office, whence it was
with difficulty it could be got home- Since that
time he has sought his master, at all the places he
usually frequented, moaning and howling con-
tinually and being unable to find him, con-
'stantly refused all the fOod set before him. No
'attempts could induce him to eat •;.. and on Friday
..the poor animal died..

MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

CONSPIRACY.

Yesterday John llPMichael, James Betts, and 'William
Leach (the latter not now in custody), were indicted for con-
spiring together to cheat and defraud John Flint, a pawnbroker,
of 5/.

This case was very similar in its circumstances to that tried
on Friday last, when Combes arid Mance were convicted of the
same offence as was now charged against the defendants.—
Both M‘Michael and Betts are informers of the commonest de-
scription, and Leach, their companion, has absconded.
The testimony adduced on behalf of the prosecution con-
sisted of the prosecutor and his shop-boy ; and the facts, as
they appeared in evidence, were these :—()n the 2d November
last the defendant M'Michael went to the house of the prose-
cutor in Edgeware-road, and produced a silver watch, which he
pledged for 12s. He then whispered to Mr. Flint, who was
behind the counter, that he wished to speak with him in pri-
vate. In consequence, they retired to a more private part of
the shop, and then M‘Michael told him that he had several
infOrmations against him for charging illegal interest. He
added, I suppose you will have no objection to do what other
gentlemen have done; you must come down with something.
The prosecutor said it was a very hard case upon him, and
that he was not aware that he had done any thing illegal.—
McMichael then enumerated several from whom he had re-
ceived large sums on the same account. From Mr. Ross, of
Paddington, he had obtained 20/. ; from Mr. Dunmore, of
Somers-town, 101.: and a good round sum from Mr. Wad-
more. The prosecutor, therefore, he thought, should be the
last man to object to pay so small a sum as 5/. The prosecu-
tor still hesitated, and said he did'nt like it. " Oh," said
" if you don't pay it, we will have you before a
magistrate; how would you like that ?" Mr. Flint, finding
himself in this awkward situation, said he would pay it. The
defendant showed him a book containing five separate informa-
tions against him. One of them, he saw, was correct, but he
did not take any particular notice of the others. M‘Michael
pressed him for the money then, but Mr. Flint wished to be
allowed as much time as possible. The payment was agreed
to be postponed till next day, and M‘Michael hoped he would
not delay, as lie (the defendant) had a great deal ofbusiness on
his hands. M-Michael then went away, and called the next
day. As soon as he saw the prosecutor he gave him a kind
of a nod to remind him of the business he came about.—
The prosecutor felt anxious that he should be troubled no
more on the business by other informers, and named Colman,
Pope, -Combes, and others, who might also come upon
him for remuneration. 11Pillichael assured him that if he paid
Si. he should hear no more of the matter from any one, and
that in his party there were only three, viz. Betts; Leach, and
himself. The prosecutor expressed a wish to see both Betts
and Leach, and 111‘11lichael agreed that he should see them
one by one. M‘Michae.l then went away, and first sent
Betts, and then Leach. They both said that they would be
satisfied if M‘Michael received the money. 'When Leach came
into the shop, the prosecutor recognized him as the man who a
few days before had offered to pledge some silver spoons.—
Leach asked six shillings for them, and the prosecutor's lad,
who was in the shop, would not give six shillings, but offered
either five or seven. It seemed that if six shillings had been
given, there would have been a fractional computation of the
interest, of which he (Leach) might take advantage in case an
overcharge were made. Ultimately, the prosecutor paid three
sovereigns, and afterwards two more, which together made the
Si. charged in the indictment.
Mr. WALFORD, who spoke on behalf of the defendants,
urged that there was no proof that there was any intention to
cheat and defraud the prosecutor. 'Was it to be supposed that
any pawnbroker would have been so easily induced to pay five
pound's, if there was no ground for the payment ? Would
men who were really innocent of the crime of defrauding the
public by overcharging interest be persuaded by an informer
to pay so large a sum for no earthly purpose ? The fact was,
that the prosecutor felt himself placed in a very awkward pre-
dicament; he had paid a sum much less in amount than that
which he would have been compelled to pay if the informa-
tions were prosecuted ; and he had shown his gratitude by
prosecuting his friends for a conspiracy.
The CHAIRMAN, in summing •up to the Jury, observed
that informers were a very useful set of men, if they prose-
cuted their informations against those who were found to offend
against the laws of the country. It, however, could not be al-
lowed that they should stop short, and compound with the par-
ties so accused.
The Jury found the defendants—Guilty, and the Court al-
most immediately passed a sentence upon them of one year's
imprisonment in the House of Correction.
Thomas Combes and Thomas Mance, who were on Friday
convicted of a conspiracy of the same nature, were now
brought up to receive the sentence of the Court.
Mr. Piiim.ips, in arrest of judgment, took a legal objec-
tion to the indictment. His principal objection was that the
indictment ought to have been under the statute, and not at
common law.
The Court overruled the objection, and the defendants were
ordered to be imprisoned for three months in the House of
Correction.

FATAL DUEL.—(WEST INDlES.)—Extract of a
letter from the island of Nevis, dated August 1,
1822 :—" A fatal duel was lately fought in this
island between W. Maynard, Esq. the President,
and J. Huggins, Esq. youngest son of one of our
principal planters. Some misunderstanding hav-
ing taken place between the President and the
elder Mr. Huggins, on their meeting in the street,
warm words passed between them, and the for-
mer applied to the latter some very severe
epithets. In consequence, his son, Mr. John
Huggins, addressed a remonstrance to the Presi-
dent, couched, it is understood, in very temper-
ate language. The President, in reply, refused
to retract the offensive epithets he had applied
to the father, but offered to give the son a tneet-
ing. The consequence was a duel ; the parties
fired together, and the President's shot unhappily
took effect; the ball entered above the right hip,
passed through the body, and came out at the
upper part of the left thigh. Mr. Huggins lived
about an hour and a half after receiving the fatal
wound : he was a young man of amiable cha-
racter, and has been married only about seven
months."

A FEMALE SAlLoll.—About a month ago, a
young slender looking person, apparently about
19 years of age, made application to the Master
of one of the London traders at Dundee to be
admitted an apprentice on board this vessel.
After some communing, an agreement was entered
into, and the apprentice set about his service
with great alacrity ; and during the voyage per-
formed the duties of the ship to: the entire sat's=
faction of the Captain, who observed his appren-
tice possessed rather an effeminate and modest
demeanour, and a great lack of "-juvenile beard."
On the vessel's arrival at London, the apprentice
suddenly disappeared, and after a fruitless search
on the part of the crew, she returned minus the
apprentice. On the succeeding voyage, a person
came on board the vessel, and demanded the
clothes of the runaway, who, the person -stated,
was of the sex feminine ; and having accom-
plished her object, was now desirous to quit
the hazardous profession she had embarked in.
This detail had its full effect on the byestanders,
and the " lack of beard," at the same time flash-
ing over the Captain's mind, he determined tipon
visiting the runaway, and was conducted not to
the presence of the raw " Queensferry lad " (for
such the apprentice in the first instance stated
herself to be), but to that of a strapping wench
just out of her teens, " dazzling with nature's
graces," and arrayed in the attire peculiar to her
sex. After some explanation, in the course of which
she stated that she belonged to Inverkeithing,
and being anxious to get to London,had recourse
to the plan she had adopted, it is unnecessary
to state that her wardrobe was returned. It is
supposed that a love affair had given rise to this
I instance of female Quixotism.—(Dundee Paper.)

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

Bow STREET.—MR. MARTIN'S NEW ACT.—Yesterday
John Ames, a carman in the employment of Mr. Price of the
Adelphi, was brought before Sir R. BIRNIE, on a warrant,
charged by R. Martin, Esq. M.P. for Galway, with excessive
cruelty to a horse.
The prisoner, the day after the offence was committed, was
served with a summons at the suit of Mr. Martin, but the
sight of a mandate of that kind, under the hand and seal of a
Magistrate, had such an effect upon the unfortunate carman,
that he instantly absconded from his employer, and was, after
a long search, found concealed in his own garret by Godfrey,
an officer, who was sent armed with a warrant for his apprehen-
sion, he having neglected to attend the summons. He was,
when brought to the office, absolutely dragged through the
passage by the collar, such a horror had he of appearing be-
fore a Magistrate ; and his sobs, which were quite audible as
he approached, augmented to a loud bellow when he presented
himself before the bench. While Mr. Martin was giving his
evidence, he stood trembling, and crying out occasionally " Oh,
dear ! Oh, dear ! pray have mercy upon me !" Had the fel-
low been on the point of receiving sentence of death, under
circumstances which would make it irrevocable, he could not
have exhibited a greater degree of weakness.
Mr. Martin stated, that he saw the defendant driving " a
beautiful bay horse—a noble animal indeed," up one of those
narrow avenues leading from the Adelphi to the Strand, and
he never in his life saw a horse draw more freely or cheerfully
than the one upon which the prisoner had chosen to vent the
natural cruelty of his disposition. Without the slightest ap-
parent cause, the prisoner, with the butt end of his whip, hit
the poor animal over the nose, the eyes, the knees, and the
points of the shoulders, with his whole strength, and with a
' degree of savage ferocity which could scarcely be equalled.
The statement of Mr. Martin was frequently interrupted by
the bellowing of the prisoner, and the retort of the Honourable
Gentleman, upon each interruption, was at once just and
pithy—" Hold your tongue, Sirrah ; it is not you, but the
' horse, that should cry."
The prisoner, in his defence, protested that " the Gemman
was quite in mistake, for that he loved the horse better than his
own self."
Mr. Martin remarked, that he had a way of shewing his affec-
tion for the animal quite peculiar to himself.
The prisoner was fined 10s. and costs, and being unable to
pay the amount (18s.) he was committed to prison.
Mr. Martin afterwards expressed a desire to pay the costs
out of his own pocket, as the prisoner would then be more
likely soon to obtain his liberty. The Magistrate, however,
would not allow this, and Mr. Martin then presented God-
frey, the officer who served the warrant, with 10s. for his
trouble.
WORSHIP-STREET.— DISCONTINUANCE OF EDMON-
TON-FAlR.—Yesterday, in pursuance of the summonses issued
on a former day, a Petty Sessions was held at this office, when
ROBERT BEVILL, Esq., the Rev. Dr. GAsEIN, the Rev. A.
ARMSTRONG, E. R. MonEs, and Wm. Wix, Esquires, Ma-
gistrates of the County of Middlesex, attended, for the purpose
of inquiring into the legality of Edmonton-fair.
It was proved by Armstrong, senior, the officer, that the
summonses were duly served, and that Edmonton was within
ten miles from Temple-bar.
Mr. Whittington, the present occupier of the Angel inn,
was first examined. He could prove no right or title for the
fair. He had kept that inn for sixteen years, and part of the
fair was held in the yard, where he understood it had been held
in the time of his predecessors. He let out the ground to stall-
holders at so much per foot, and he had on a former year paid
two guineas to the High Constable on account of the fair. He
had hired servants at the fair, but he never knew servants to
come to be hired, or masters to come to hire them. He had
discharged a servant over night, and hired him again the next
morning of the fair, just to make a say. There was no mention
of the fair in his lease.
The next and most material witness was Mr. Harding, an
old gentleman, residing at the town of Edmonton. He stated,
he was within one month of 80 years of age. He had resided
32 years in Edmonton, and knew the fair, and never missed
going to it 20 years before. In 1790, when he took the Angel,
it was confined to the Angel-yard, with a few stalls in front of
the house, and there was a show-booth on the waste adjoining,
but now the fair was held also at the Bell, and along the road,
and in Mr. Bigley's field ; and he believes it is fair all the way
from Edmonton to London. The crowd attending the fair is
now immense, being thousands upon thousands. He was not
aware it was held by any charter or title. Mr. Lock kept the
Angel twenty-one years before him, and he made it an inva-
riable rule of hiring a servant, and one or two others did so ;1
but it was not a general statute, though it had ever been
called, and was now called, Edmonton Statute. When he
first knew it, there was no fair in Mr. Bigley's field till the
year 1800. At that time Mr. Wright, the butcher, was
High Constable, and the witness had dealt with him for
ten years ; but right having offended him, he would deal
with him no longer. Wright then charged him 21. 10s. a year
for the ground in front of his house for the fair, which witness
refused to pay. 'Wright then said, "Sir, I'll remove the fair;"
and accordingly advertised in two or three newspapers that
the fair was removed to Mr. Bigley's field. To counteract
this, witness advertised to the contrary, and now produced a
printed copy of the advertisement entitled " Edmonton Sta-
tute." That year, however, the fair was first held in Bigley's
field, and has kept increasing ever since, to a wonderful de-
gree. He had heard the old inhabitants of Edmonton say
that the fair had been held at other places before it came there.
He had heard a number of persons say that the fair began at
the Three Blackbirds, near the church.
Edward Tuck being sworn, stated, that he ttendecl as bai-
liff to Sir William Curtis, Lord: of the Manor of Edmonton.
He was directed to say that Sir William set up no claim, and
that he should not resist any decision of the magistrates. With
respect to himself, he was born on the spot, and there had been
a fair ever since he could remember.
There were other witnesses examined, but they stated no-
thing material in addition to the evidence before given.
Mr. Bigley next appeared by Ms counsel, Mr. Platt, who
contended he was not bound to offer any evidence in favour of
the right or title to hold this fair, until some evidence was
given to oppugn the legality of the fair.
Mr. BEVILL adverted to 3d Geo. IV. c. 55, sec. 17, where
power is given to two Justices, on there appearing reason to be-
lieve that a fair is held without lawful authority, to issue their
summons, and therefore the summons itself sufficiently oppugn,
ed the legality of the fair, and it was for the party summoned
to prove his right and title.
Mr. Harding was again examined, and stated most of the
evidence he did before.
Mr. PLATT said there was evidence of the fair being held for
52 years in the parish, and when a town prescribed for a fair,
they were not bound to prove that it was always held in one
place. He then proposed his client should enter into a recog-
nizance.
Mr. Bigley accordingly entered into a recognizance of 2001.
to appear in the Court of King's Bench on the first day of next
term, to answer any information the Attorney-General may ex-
hibit against him, touching the right and title to such fair.
All the parties having withdrawn, Mr. BEVILL observ-
ed, that if at this fair a statute for hiring servants had
been held, it would have been desirable that the same
should not have been interrupted ; but still the hiring of
servants could not of itself be evidence of a fair. A fair
was not a grant of franchise or privilege, but of profit, and ought
to have a Court of Piepoudre, and many other incidents which
did not belong to Edmonton. The Lord of the Manor, for
whose benefit a fair was generally held, abandoned the claim ;
and there was no one to give colour to the right, but a man
who in his field could admit or shut out whom lie pleased, and
who had not even usage to show in his favour. With respect
to its being held in the parish, it was clear that it must be held
in a place certain, but the fair in question had not always been
held at Edmonton. The words of Harding (the witness) were
remarkable—" 1 have heard numbers of persons say, that the
fair began at the Three Black Birds, near the Church." The
Worthy Magistrate said, that taking the whole evidence into
consideration, his opinion was decided that the fair was alto-
gether illegal.
All the other Magistrates concurred in the same opinion.
Mr. BEVILL then informed the parties, that the Magistrates
were of one mind, that the fair was illegal, and that after this
year it would be discontinued altogether.
It was then ordered, that notices to that effect should be im-
mediately printed and posted up at Edmonton and in the neigh-
bourhood.
UNION-HALL.—ROBBERY AT THE FIRE IN BERMOND-
SE Y.—Francis Wheeler, an elderly and respectable-looking
man, with blue coat and topped boots, and the exterior of a,
wealthy farmer, but who has been known for the last 20 years
by the police as one of the most accomplished and successful
pickpockets in the metropolis, and many of whose family have
been removed, some of them temporarily and others %for ever,
from society by the sentence of the law, was yesterday brought
before It. J. CHAMBERS Esq., on a charge of having robbed
a gentleman of a pocket-book, containing a 201. Bank of
England note, and a W. promissory note.
Mr. Joseph Wickins, a Commercial Agent, residing at Dept-
ford, stated, that he was in town on business on Monday,
and between eight and nine o'clock he was waiting at the
Bricklayers'-an-ns for a coach to return by to his house at Dept-
ford, when the fire broke out at Bermondsey, and he ran with
a multitude to see it. He had not been in the outside of the
crowd for many minutes, before he found himself surrounded
by four fellows, who hustled him and retained him amongst
them in spite of his efforts to get away from them. Whilst he
was thus situated, a man from behind asked him if he had lost
any thing, and told him he had thieves about him. Witness
felt at his breast pocket,, and found that his pocket-book was

gone,. and a slit in the coat across the pocket and the
die
hanging out. The prisoner was pointed out to witness Si,
utill
man. Witness seized him, and he struggled violently,
Hall and Glennon came up at the moment, and as he kee
them, he surrendered quietly.
R. Johnson, a broker, residing at No. 2, Trafalgar-Plece'
Walworth, stated that he saw four fellows surround the ea
secutor at the fire. The witness knew Wheeler, as be ma,
seen him when before a magistrate on a charge of pickled:
the pocket of a lady. Witness therefore was aware of r
profession, and watched him and .his companions narrow
Witness cautioned the prosecutor, but the gang continua' et
follow him closely, and the witness at length saw the prieeL
draw from the breast of the prosecutor a pocket-book, and at we;
instant witness and prosecutor laid hold of him, but the
said to his companions " Nap," and under his hand Prtb°
the pocket book to them, when if instantly appeared
other thieves with it. The prisoner was held until the oelc
came by. übsg
Mr. HARMER said that he was instructed to state, in egf
of his client, that he went to the fire from motives of humanly
to aid the sufferers in rescuing their property from the 11012
and that he was particularly active upon the spot in saving
he could. • the
Hall and Glennon corroborated the statement made in 4,6
prisoner's defence as to his activity, and said that he wasr;,
most active man on the spot in throwing the property fat
gered by the fire out of the windows iuto the streets, seu„ the
the sufferers had, from the respectable appearance of
humane gentleman," given him full confidence. The :wo
nesses, on searching him, found that he had placed his
watch and appendages with great caution at the bottom IN
,he
fob, to guard against other pickpockets. They spoke Tre.
character of the prisoner for the last 20 years, and acke°ll.,.e
ed him to be a thief of the first water. They found A
key upon him, which they judged to belong to some
se td
door, for he was in the habit of paying nocturnal visits
churches and vestry-rooms.
He was remanded for further examination.

THE LATE PUBLIC DINNER.—There were ct 110
imprisonments in the Police-office," in {case'
quence of any thing that occurred at the late
public dinner. One Gentleman intricated Asp
deposited there for about an hour, as a matter
prudence and safety, after his friends had en'
deavoured in vain to get him to his lodging/
and he was extremely thankful the next morn:,
ing for the protection he had received.—(Beca
Commercial Chronicle.)—So much for LaCe"-
conduct!
COURTS OF LAW.—The passages leading frutp
the Court of Common Pleas to the rooms on the right °rot,
stone steps, hitherto appropriated to the Serjeants and theoe
ficers attending upon the Judges, have been bricked pat 4
rooms which stood upon the scite intended for the New. 1•
of King's Bench are pulled down. The business of 14sc
ere'
mas Term will be done in the Common Pleas Court in its
sent state. After Term it will be enlarged. The liing's''
Grand Jury Room is pulled down. The business of the st
chequer Court, which is now under a general repair"
transacted in the Duchy Court of Lancaster. St
Thursday a select number of the Scholarso
Truro Grammar School declaimed for the Medals OIL te
given by the Earl of Falmouth. The first was aditimb-n Off
Master Lawrence Polwhele, of St. Newlyn • the dg,
Master Bate, of Truro ; and the third to Master SimrOn
Truro.
Sunday afternoon, between one and two ocliro.os:
a large porpoise was seen in the Thameqt
opposite Billingsgate, and continued in
long time, not going farther than London-bri7ch
Its jumping in and out of the water afforded 3.0,
amusement to some thousands of persons °Pew
bled on the sides of the river, and on LI, It,
bridge. On some boats putting off toviar"--,90,
the porpoise went off with increible svill,t°,oo.
diving often, and finally escaped from its pars"
