DUBLIN, DEC. 17.

" Your frank election make you have the power to choose."
The wish of the people of this country to free them.
selves from the control of an oligarchy, who hitherto
treated them as serfs, develops itself in proportion as the
Reform Bill conies into operation. Of this there cannot
be a more signal instance, than the return of O'Connell
and Huthven (the latter the nominee of the Trades'
Union) for this city, despite all the power of the
old corruption party. Whoever would have asserted,
eighteen months ago, that the Corporation interest and
ascendancy influence could have been reduced so low in
the capitAl of Ireland, within the next seven years, ;night

be fairly accused of vapouriug. Yet so it is, notwith-
standing all the tact and efforts of the Conservatives,
they have been beaten by a majority of 1 500 ! ! You are
a'ready aware that they laid their plans so well, as almost
to insure their success against the numbers who they knew
re against them. In the first place, they concealed
their views till the very morning of the election ; and
then contrived to have it believed through the city gene-
rally, that the Marquis of Anglesea had promised to sup-
port them with a great number of voters, in order to keep
nut the Repealers. This invention gained credit, from the
circumstance of several of the city Magistrates, and
other persons connected with Government, having
been among the first to vote for the Conservatives. Your
readers on the other side of the channel may be surprised
at this ; but they should be informed, that there are in
this country persons so long habituated to breathe the air
of a Court (or Castle), where ascendancy factions only
were known, they deem it impossible for a Ministry to con.
tinue in power long which will not uphold that order of
things. On these grounds only can we account for the
return of Lefroy and Shaw, for the University, in opposi-
tio❑ to the Liberal candidates. In a few hours the Con-
servatives will have attained an inglorious victory in our
national school of educ ition, through the influence already
mentioned, and the aid of 3,0001. judiciously distributed
among the mendicant electors of our University. So
completely exhausted are the funds appropriated to this
most disgraceful purpose ; that the College lads are ❑ow
exacting, by persuasion, terror, and every other means they
can, shillings, to defray the expense of a chairing. Some
individuals have given the shilling from apprehension of a
ducking, or something worse, if they refused. We are,
however, relieved from the fear of broken windows, by a
declaration of the agents of the " Trades' Union," that
the good people of this city shall not be troubled to Wu-
, urinate for the triumph of O'Connell and Ruthven !
Most of the returns already made here, as well as in
England, are in favour of the Whigs. In Carlow, Mr.
I Vigors, the f lend of Dr. Doyle, has been returned,
• notwithstanding the pitiful and splenetic effort of a disap-
• pointed Papist, to return a violent Conservative ! Messrs.
Walker and Talbot are returned for Wexford and New
• Ross, and the county is likely to part its old tried friends
and respectable Mertibers Lambert and Carew. In fact,
the good cause is everywhere progressing, and if we can
but prevent too much licentiousness from growing out of
corruption, the Reform Bill will soon have attained its
object.

EAST WORCESTERSHIRE, DEC. 18.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sts,—The following is the account of the gross poll for
East Worcestershire to-day, the first day of polling-.
Mr. Rikington avowed himself in his address at the
nomination on Saturday " No Reformer," but a Conser-
vative. He advocated the cause of slavery, because it
brought in four millions a year to the revenue. In short
he made a Conservative speech, and I think that is enough
to turn him out. However, the majority of to-day leaves
no doubt of Cookes' and Russell's return.—Your's truly,

AN OLD CORRESPONDEN r:

Droitwich, Dec. 18, 1832.
Close of the poll, four o'clock, at the different polling

Cookes. Russell. Pakington.
Droitwich 519 483 363
Stourbridge l,OlB 1,083 711
Pershore 499 498 361
Shipston 94 93 95

2,130 '2,157 1,530
Majority for Russell 6'27
Ditto for Cookes 6OO

BATH, DEC. 18.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SlR,—Being a subscriber to The Sun, I have an op-
portunity of observing that at all times of any popular
commotion, your journal contains, not only the latest, but
the fullest, and most explicit account of whatsoever is
going on ; for which you deserve the highest praise, and
stand pre-eminent amongst all the other papers. I have
been rather surprised that while I have seen electioneering
accounts front almost all parts of the United Kingdom, I
have observed none wha,ever from Bath, but which I feel
convinced is not from any neglect on your part, but that it
must arise from your having heard nothing positive re-
specting it. It was a matter of great doubt previous to
the election which of the three parties would be thrown
out, as all sides exerted themselves to their utmost, and it
was generally thought that the votes were pretty equally
divided amongst them ; hut I am happy in saying that we
returned our old Member General Palmer, and a Mr. Roe-
buck, a stanch Reformer; he having a majority of 98
over Mr. Hohhouse, the third candidate. Our county
election commences to-day, and I have every reason for

thinking that we shall return two stanch Reformers,
Bridgstock and Langton. By inserting this in your truly
excellent journal, you will very much oblige,
Your obedient servant,
SAMUEL MARTIN.

POOLE, DEC. 19.

TO THE EDITOR OF THESUN

Sea,-.1 observe in your Paper of yesterday, under the
bead of " Poole," a long article relative to the late elec-
tion for the borough, the drift and object of which, is
clearly to prejudice the interest of Mr. Ponsonby at the
ensuing election for the county of Dorset.
I take upon myself utterly to deny the allegations made
in the article alluded to. and more especially, that which
charges the Steward of Mr. Ponsonby with " placing
himself in the district booth, so as to look every elector in
the face as be came to tender his vote, and by look and
gesture, to give them sufficient indications of what he ex•
pected from them."
I am the better able to deny this statement, from hav-
ing been cog iged in the booth in question, during the
polling of the voters, and front not having seenl any
steward or agent of Mr. Ponsonby's at the booth during
the whole time. The best proof, however, of the errone-
ousness of the statement made to you, will be found in the
declaration nn the other side, where the name of every
voter in P,rkstone (with one exception, and that a most
respectable gentleman) who voted for Sir J. Byng, will
be found recorded. I should not have troubled you with
a refutation of the paragraph which has appeared in your
Journal, did I not feel that, left unanswered, it might he
the means in the hands of the opp,nents of Mr. Ponsonby,
of prejudicing his cause, and the cause of the liberal in-
terest in the county.
Were Mr. Ponsonby as well-known in the county ge-
nerally, as he is in this neighbourhood, I should have re-
frained from troubling you with this communication, and
request its insertion in your next Journal.
I am, Sir, your very obedient servant,
M. R. WELCH.
