NEGRO EMANCIPATION. " DRUMMING" IN NEW YOB.K.
MEETING OF DELEGATES.

The Delegates met on Wednesday at .the Guildhall Coffee.house,
place. Mr. BLAIR in. the Chair.,` •
Mr. PEASE had a resolution to propose, which he thought might have
an eff-vet upon the, Ministers, that would materially strengthen the
Aoaes • It was to the effect that if the colonists did not of themselves
.emaacipate their apprentices on the Ist of August, the friends of the
negroes wouli renew their applications to Parliament, as well as their
ex,irtions in general. He was of opinion that some such resolution
would serve as an intimation to the Ministers, and through them to
the colonists, that they would not get rid of the anti-slavery annoyance
until the grand object was attained. They should also make it known
that the agitation would continue in the meantime.
The Rev. Mr. BITNTING seconded the resolution.
Mr. G. TIIOAPSON thought it would hold out to the Ministers the no.
Can that the delegates would do nothing for 10 or 1. months.
_after some observations from Mr. Clare, Mr. Bunting, and Mr. Stan-
field, (of Belfast, not Cork, as we said erroneously yesterday) the follow-
ing resoiution was passed by way of amendment :
I. That the Delegates pledge themselves to use every exertion in aid
of Lord Brougham's effort to annihilate the Apprenticeship System in
the British Colonies, by the Bill he has brought forward in the Upper
Hon a ef Parliament.
Sir. Scrams, held in his hand a parliamentary document which was
laal en the table of the House cf Commons, the day before Sir Eardley
enotrois. The object of presenting these papers at that par.
ti tiler time was to give Hon. Members a text, on which they' might in.
I roduce an attack upon the state gents of his excellent friend (Mr. J.)
and himself. Sir Robert Peel referred to them to show that persons
who went out to the colonies to collect information, were not always
correct, and that as it was so in the case of Mr. Scobel, it might be so
in that of others. Sir Robert quoted some remarks of Mr. Scobel to Sir
J C. Smith, the Governor in British Guiana, respecting the administra-
tion of the law in one district, under a special justice of the name of
Kermick. He (Mr. Scobel) had stated that the special justice passed
e _44(1,411)1gal sentences, which gave the planters tremendous power—that
he indicted pecuniary fines, and that he elso allowed the medical men
to put in the stocks persons afflicted with sores. He (Mr. Scobsl).
had further stated that the justice had thereby become a great
favourite with the planters, uho had built him a house
bought him a boat, and subscribed money to supply
with two men to man his boat. Now, it appeared that in one of t
statements he (Mr. S) was in error. The boat had been bought betas
the apprenticeship system. But all the other fa. is were uncontradicted,
end undeniable. Yet upon this ground the candid Sir Robert Peet.
sta-ed that his assertions were not to be relied on.
:feveral Delegates said—Oh, whas special pleading.
alr. BUNTING said, surely the exception proves the correctness el' the
other more important statements ; for if they could they would hove
contradicted them.—(Hear, hear.)
.g r. Scoaea continued—The moot unfair advantage had been taken
in these papers of his private and confidential intercourse with the Go.
vernor, whom he had visited ear express invitation urged upon him
again and again. He stated to the Goternor that he did not appear as
the accuser of the special justice and the medical men ; bat
that he had come to observe what passed in the colony, winch he
would report upon his return home. Xs:vantage was taken of that
.intarview, and his oillhend statements were cemmunicated to the parties
impacated, who set about to procure evidence in contradiction ; but in
the end of the inquiry all his statements score corroborated excatat that
about the boat.—(Hear, hear.) He vaas afterwards reqiiestel by the
Governor to transmit to him suggestion_ to improve the cetelition of the
negoeg. He (Mr. S.) did so, :aid the Governor thought some if his
suggestions so important, that he sent out circulars recommending them
fir adoption; and respecting others he issued an °retina:see, which,
however, had not been acted upon (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Scobel)
received a letter from the Governor, which was marked private and
confidential; upon which he wrote some remarks—of course cm-Wu:ens
fiat as the l_ttcr itself—but from those remaras the Governor made ex-
tracts, upon which he wrote comments, to take off the edge.
—O-lesr, hear, hear.) It was said that he was treated by
the Governor with courtesy and attention—that he laid open
all the public records, and thereby exposed to him the whole state of the
colony. Now, the fact was, that ie two months after Iris arrival he re-
ceived a memorandum from the Governor to the effect that the pubise
records were open to him. He applied accordingly for some returns ;
hut in a few days afacrwal do he re :dyed information through a private
channel that the returns wore sent to the Secretary's office, according
to his :Mr. S.'s) request ; but that his Excellency sent a suspension of
the order, because it had in the meantime been discovered that the pub.
lication of the returns svoul.t give such an expesure of colonial (non mi.
tree, as WOlll4l give the friends of the negro great power over the autho.
cities. He manly another application—to which he received answer that
as he was only a private individual, the Governor did not think he
would be justified in entrusting the papers to him —(011, oh.)
fterbice he made minute inquiries as to the working of the syatein in
salt district, arid he brought to light many great atrocities. Ha lees
the alietri-et, however, before he heard of any steps having been taken to
pros, cute him, upon any charges arising out of his conduct there.
But he had scarcely arrived in Demerara, when he found that he had
been charged with acts of sedition in Berbice.—(Hear, and a laugh.)
He wa4 charged with having met delegates from the several plantations,
and with having given them advice which might lead to insurrection.
'hose charges were communicated to the Governor, with a suggestion
that he (Mr. Si should not be allowed to leave the colony without be-
brought to trial, and to condign punishment. By order of the
Goverhor a Court of Inquiry was held, and voluminous evidence was
taken. But the negroes were not to be coerced or suborned to give false
eridenee against him; and in the end, the whole matter fell to the
grouna.—(Hear, hear, hear.) The negroes who were brought to give
evitence against him, gave evidence against their masters.—(Hear.)
Having uneerstood, however, that in the course of the inquiry many of
the eases which he hasf discovered had been corroborated Icy tire evi-
armee, he applied to the Governor for a copy of the procee.lines. But
this was refused. But the Governor admitted that the evidence estab.
lashed that he (Mr. S.) had soothed the minds of the negroes, and had
per, traded them to hear their sufferings with patience until they could
get legal redress. After complimenting bins for this, the Govereor told
him that he had sent back the copy of the' evidence to the Sheriff of
Berbire.—(hear, and a laugh.) He mentioned those facts merely to
show that instead of his receiving every accommodation, the fact wits
the contrary, and every difficulty had been thrown in his way.—(Hear.)
Mr. S et-RGE then said, that in the "- :slue book" to which his friend
had alluded, there was (he understood) some reference made to a co,
repontienee which took place respecting theattempt to force the children
ro become apprentices for '2l years, without the consent of their parents.
When he saw that this was the case, he was induced to interfere, contrary
to the rule he had laid down for himself. He wrote to the Governor's
secretary, who had an interview with him, and did not deny tine fact
that there was such a scheme on foot to apprentice the children, al.
though not for twenty-one years. He (Mr. Sturge) wrote home to the
Colonial Office, from which subsequently a communication was sent to
the Colonial Government. The Solicitor-General, in reply, referred to
speeehes which he had made upon the subject before, to make it appear
that the whole was false.—(Hear, hear.) He held in his hand a let ter

from a person resident in the colony, who said to him :—'

" It was owing

to your interference, under Divine Providence, that the scheme was
defeated."—(Hear, hear. ) He (Mr. S.) was ready to prove to any im-
partial jury that such a scheme was actually in contempl2tion.—(Heae.)
Sime amusing things had been brought against him in the House of
Commons. The Governor complained of his want of courtesy in not
accepting his invitations to dinner ; and, on the other hand,
John Ewart Gladstone complained that he had accepted the
hospitality of the planters, and had violated the confidence of hospitality.
He challenged any one to show onesingle instance in which he had dose
Bear)—and in fact, under the circumstances in which he then was,
he had rather dine with the negro, ender his tree, upon hair a yam, than
with the planter in all his luxury.—(Hear.) Again, it was stated that
he had been in error as to the punishment; in prison ; but the fact was
proved by a communication front the Marquis of Sligo—who at least
ought to be attended to—the communication was dated the -),lst February
537, and it appeared from it that the whip was still in the hands of con-
demned convicts--Wear)—and that all the horrors detailed in Wil-
liam's Narrative were then in operatou.—(Hcar.)
Mr.ScoaEncon firmed what had been said by his friend Mr. Sturge, and
stated that when he was in Barbadoes, it was currently reported. that the
children were to be apprenticed, and that an Act would be introduced
for that purpose.— ( Hear.)
A conversation having arisen respec,ieg the current rumour that some
of the Colonial Legislatures had resolved to declare the Aprenticeship
at an end upon the first day of August next,
Dr. PALMER stated that, in Baibadoes, there had been a conference
between the two Houses, and that it had been decided by a considerable
majority that the. Apprenticeship should terminate on the Ist of Augu4t
next. 7 here could be no doubt that this was decisive. The intelli-
gence had been received on Tuesday by letter, addressed to Mr. Les-
cene, an eminent merchant in the city, and himself a man of c dour.
Mr. STURGE proceeded to read the resolutions which he had to submit
to the meeting—(they appeared in yesterday's sun). He thought
tn. t they were now in a peculiarly dangerous position at this mo-
ment. They had freed the Government to do whatever had
been done, and therefore Ministers would be the less anxious to coon-
terset the machinations of the planters—(Hear, hear)--and tie latter
/night timl it more ...ay to obtain polies and vagrant laws. They were
to hear in mind what had been the erfeets of contracts for the labour of
freemen at the ('ape of Gi.:.(l Hope.--(Hear, hear.) They were to re-
5....11,A1 that even against the free people of colour the laws, even in An-
tigua, were aborninab!e. Let a negro be never so innocent, the onus
prAandi was always thrown upon him. If he had any thing to sett, he
must produce a certificate, showing in what way he became possesses!
of it ; and this applied equally to a bundle of straw from his own allot.
ment, which he was, by law, permitted to sell, a. to any product of his
own labour.—(Shame, shame.) At the Cape of Good Hope the Hot-
tentots, who were never formally slaves, used to be induced to enter
into contracts for service ; the abuse of which induce,! Sir
George Murray to issue an ordinance that no contracts for
labour should be valid beyond a month. If they could find a similar
ordonnance for Guiana, they would hear of no more of hill-coolies.

Mr. S. then read the following extract from a letter, dated 16th De-
cember, 1837:
" Should you fail in a reduction of time, you have already triumphed
so a reduction of misery. Three or fu:r treadmills are stopped, and
though there is enough to deplore, and even will be under this system of
vn•ong and folly, yet there is hope in the distance, and, by a careful, a
r.er•.'r sleeping watching of colonial laws, you will secure at the termi-
nation of this system, liberty to the enslaved. Ever bear in mind, my
Jear friend, that the present laws affixting free labourers are more
ah.oninatok than the Stanleyan mockery itself, that these ALL expire in
1340, and that on what is then done—and a deep attempt will he made
to re-enact them—the freedom of the black depends. I do feel deeply
nn this subject."
Mr. 13(7N-win—Short Parliaments and short contracts for ever,—
fear, hear, and laughter.)
S.!veral Delegates related instances of the partial and cruel operation
of the existing laws as affecting the/We negroes in the Colonies at pre-
scut, and various suggestions were offered for informing the negroes of
their rights, and enabling them to enjoy them.

Mr. THOMPSON begged the Delegates seriously, to consider the pro.
priety of establishing a Colonial Agency. He thought the greatest good
might be secured by the presence of some one in the Colonies, whose
object should he, living and watching among the planteis, to protect
the negroes.

Mr. STaNsFt EL°, Mr. STuaGE, and other.; followed, and a lengthened
conversation ensued.

Mr. CREWDSON thought that the time was approaching, when such a
measure would be highly expedient, and recommended that its consider-
ation should be urged upon the Central Committee, and a resolution
Was ultimately adopted.

The CnA►RM%N then suggested that a Committee should be appointed
to intbrin a few of the leading West Indians, of the views of the
IMekttcs, in order to ascertain whether any thing could be expected
from their fears, arid a Committee was appointed for that purpose.
Votes of thanks to W. T. Blair, Esq., Chairman, and others, were then
adopted, and this important and unexampled series of meetings closed.

THE SHEFFIELD AND ROTFIERHANI R Alf.-
wAv• About seven o'clock on Wednesday morning
.i,,, as the men
employed at the cutting on the above railway at b jin ,
were excavating a great quantity of stone, earth, severs{
tons weight; suddenly fell, burying and almost env ling plc.-es a young
man.—Doncaster Gazette.
An interesting discovery is said to have been re-
cently made h
Y M. Montgoifier, who has succeeded in substituting
„00,/ for rags in the manufacture of paper.
A few days since ,Orne labourers. whilst a
folndation in the 2a,tlen of 11. Etve, Doi , Cagtle.terrace, found two
Riifftttn funeral urns; one of the form anti sire L.:41E.1 for con'aining the
utieliOf a female, and the other that of an infant. They have been
if4politel in the Dover Muieurn. They were quite empty ; but the bed
in whiscl3 they were found consisted principally of ashes.—Dover Chron.

" Drumming" is a tern which the Sew Yorkers have inv:lited to
signify what we Englishers denominate—" touting," er. " hark ing"—
that is to say, lookin;.,ut for customers; and in New York the s; stem
is not confined to the shop door—as with us, in Holywell-stre,t and
Petticoat-lane ; but it pervadeth every place of public resort, from the
oyster cellar and gin-slingery to the proudest saloon in the mobt spleucid
of their hotels. The following exemplification of this " business-sys-
tem" was drawn from life 1:•st month :

:cene— A bar.mern in the
stranger comes in with saddle bags or his arm ; and strutting up to the
desk, he chips his na:ne down in the Registry. He is Instantly observed
by a Drummer, who instantly makes up to him, craning his neck,
rubbing his hands, and showing his teeth in apparent deligkt ; and
thereupon ensued the following colloquy:—
Drummer—My dear Sir, how are you ?—exceeding glad to see you!—
(Shakirg his hand with dislocatory grip)—Just arrived—eh ?—What
news from the West?
Stranger—From the South, you mean I 'spose ?
Drummer—Aye—yes—from the South. Business good in yours ?
sold off o'd stock, I conclude ?—Collections good no doubt ?—Pienty 0•
cash to hand ?—Never was such times to buy for cash—cash can do and
be astonished how low we go for cash in New Yolk here.
Our stock is capital—beautiful !—suit you to a hair I calculate.
"' "

Stranger— Well, I guess I may wai.t a few articles ; but I've been
out from home so lengthily that I don't know just what.
Drummer—Oh, then, you stopped some time in Philadelphia to exa-
mine that market—you bought there its likely ?
Stranger—No, I did'nt tho'—l did'nt buy nothing there. I always
buy in New York.

Drummer.—My dear Sir, I commend your judgment. I wish every
one was as fully aware of the obvious and palpable advantages that the
New Yoi k markets possess over those of Philadelphia. Do me the fa-
vour to put this card in your pocket, and let me have the pleasure of
your company to dinner to-morrow at Astor House.

Strange:.—Nell, I don't know nothing to hinder me; and I've a
eurassity to get a squint at that great concern. •
Drummer.--Then I'll expect you —Pray„ before I go, allow me to
ask if you are in want of a beautiful new style of Frclich print
muslins Will you call this afternoon and look at 'em ?—They are
superb.

Stranger.—Why—yes—l don't care if I do.—l want a yard
and a half or more, I guess for my tittle gal. I promised her a frock ;
—but, look 'c
-here, you must sell cheap. I plank the cash down.
And now I think nn't, if you've got tin plate, and you'll sell it cheep
look'e, darn my skin if I don't buy three or four boxes of you !--for you
or a darnation plaguey clever fellow, and I'll be swamped if I aint glad
of your a-quaintance !

Drummer—(Pretty considerable flabbergasted)—Tin plate I—Permit
me to ad: what Hue of business you are engaged in ?
Stranger—Why tin peddling to be sure. I've been selling a power
of tin ware this tom in Connecticut, and I've a pocketful of change to
pay you the real grit I can tell you.—But what's the feeding time at
Astor's ?—for I'm as punctual as a teapot—l am:
The Drum:ie.' heat a sudden retreat—pleading that he had forgotten
a "prior engagement," which would prevent his at Astor House
as pe,-,.052i1; 2:lfi the 'nit pedlar muttered he lacked down the *Are. t
after iiim—Darnation to him !—I guess if 1 ri?.,l atin pz,llar, “; c0c..1
as he is ;—and plapey sight Liter"

THE DOKE OF \VELLINGTON.—IIe i, alllVist
variably to be seen amorn; the first to make the;r app,-ar ante on the up: u.
ing of the do,rs, and he is usually among ill., last to quit the House.
ii is ut7ially wrappNl up, close to the mouth, in amu row brown rival:,
which does not r..acli the length of his knee.. Ile is a man of wham
the Tory party may well he proud; he Is in every respect a credit to
that party. Most assiduously and heartily does he labour in their ser-
vice ; not, indeed, will' the view of promoting party purpose; but be.
cause he deems Toryism to be heaven-bran, and, consequently, most
conducive to the interests of the empire. I have no idea that any
other consideration than that of a rrsuasion that he is acting for
the welfare of the country, would ever operate cn his mind. Mis.
taken as I regard him to be, in many points of essential import-
ance, I cannot resist the conviction that he is actuated by the
purest 'notices. I cannot conceive that anything but genuine, even
if misguided, patriotism could induce such active exertion in a
man who has attained the advanced age of seventy; who has so
distinguished a reputation ; and who is, moreover, so arivrmtavously
circumstanced in reference to pecuniary matters as the Dune. It is no
less gratifying than surprising to see a man who has reached such an ago',
and undergone so much anxiety of mind,and greatiphysical fatigue, look-
ing so well, and in such excellent spirits. Nothing but an extra.irdinary
energy of mind, and a constitution of the most robust kind, could have
enabled the Duke to survive the circumstances in which he h, been

placed, aid the hardships lie has undergone. There be sits, night after
night, with his arms usually folded on his breast, and his right leg thrown
over the left, listening most attentively to every thing which is passing
in the house, and looking as fresh and vigorous as if he were still in the
prime of life. his gray hair, approaching to whiteness, is th, principal,
if not the only, ind,x to the accumulal on of years which has gathered on
his head which his personal ;:spect affords. If one might judge f.om pre-
sent appearances, though in such matters we all know how deceptive ap_
pearances often are, the conclusion would be, that the Duke is deslined
to live fur many years tocome.— Random Recollections of the Lords and
Commons, Second Series.
APPARATUS FOR MILKING Cows.—lll the
common way of milking by the hand, the operation is simply to squeez
out as much milk at a time as the teat contains: on taking sway the
hind, the teat again fills from the udder, and is again squeezed out; and
so on until the whole milk is drawn from the cow. Mr. Itlurton's in-
vention is to keep the hole in the teat open, by puttirg a tube or pipe
into it, by which means, he says, the whole of the milk will run out of
the cow without intermission in a continuous stream. He states that
the tubes will not hurt the cow, and that she does not appear so uneasy at
being mi;keil in this way, as by the milkmaid. As, however, with a
plain tube, air might get into the udder, and produco pain and intlamma.

tion, I.lr. B. adds to the mouth of the tube what he calls a " liquid valve"
—which consists of a little cud, into which the milk first runs, and over.
flows into the milk pail ; the mouth of the pipe is thus always under the
milk, and when it has stopped running from the cow, the cup and pipe
will be ful!,—so that no air can get into the udder. A pipe is to bc put
into each teat about an inch up, and milk will flow front the whole of
them at once into the pail which is to hang by ropes or straps over the
Cows hind quarter. Ntr. Murton states that in this way, one person can
milk nearly a dozen cows at a time.
MISPLACED ANATOMICAL KNOWLEDGE IN
CHINA.—They ;the surgeons) know that there are such org tus as the
stomach, liver, heart, and kidneys; but, by some strange misehance,
they believe them to be placed in situations the most contrary to
wl-:ere the .atually exist. Thus the heart is, according to their no-
tions, on the right side, and the liver on the left.—The fian-pi rn
China.

Lord Brougham continues to sit in the part of the
House which he chose for himsc:f, after his secession from the wool-

sack. His choice of the particular seat he fixed on then was quite in.
telligible at the time. Being at that period on the most friendly terms

with Ministers, it was natural that he should have taken up his position
in the House immediately on the right hand of Lord Melbourne. That
he should have continued there has excited some surprise, now that he
has avowedly br.ken off all connection with Ministers. It was ex.
pected that, dissatisfied as he now is, with both parties in the House, he
would have taken his seat beside the Duke of Richmond, and one or two

other Peers who profess to he neutra', on the, cross bench:9. The tiob:c.
Lord, however, has done no such thing. He still occupies his usual

seat, which is separated from that of Lord Melbourne only by a passage
of about three feet in width. It was an amusing s-eiie to witness both
the Noble L,rds so close to each ethcr, on the night on which they bed
the celebrated conflict together, as to v;hich was the greate4
n glossing, fawning, and playing the Spaniard at Court. If I a:, nut
mistaken, the Premier would, to use an Irish expr:ssion, Ove a trifle
to s^e Lord Brougham remove his locality to snrci, other part of the
Efoure.—/I.;,id..nn ficc3lle:lions of the Loids and Commons—.Seolal
Series.

During the first week the number of passengers who
paid oa the London and Southampton Railway was up wards of s,Litto.
The Prefect of Police has issued an ordinance re-
garding the u,c of incombustible canvaas and paper for theatrical deco-
ration=s in order to diminish the danger of tire, to which theatres are so
commonly exposed, and which has so often originated in sparks catching
ome part of the scenery.—Paris Paper.
The ricer Wear has been much swollen by the late
heavy rains. Several ships in this port that were not sef,ly moored
broke adrift during the ebb tide on Wednesday; some of which received
damage. A number of bowsprits, booms, bulwarks, &C. were b:oken
and damaged, though the injury was not so serit:us as might have been
expected. A keel drove out lo sea and has since been washed on shore,
a wreck.—Sunderland Ilereffd.
An accident occurrtd to the Chalford and Bristol
branch mail on Thursday week which, we regret to say, was at_
tended with fatal consequences. The coach was proceeding at rather a
rapid rate between Eampton and Nailslyortli, and at a curve in the
road was overturned. The coachman jumped from the box and
esra:nd without injury, Lut the guard, a man of the name of Verind.n*,
was thrown with greet violence from his seat, and died from the effects
of the fall on Sunday. He has left a widow. No blame, we are in-
formed, is attached to the coachman. Providentially there were only
inside passengers, who e.caped with only a f.w bruises.—Bristol
Gazette.

The Helvette states, as an instance of the severity
with which soldiers are treated in Switzerland, that some time since a
young soldier, who was out shooting with his corporal, accidentally
wounded the postilion of a diligence which was passing on the high road
in the canton of Berne. They were tried for the accident on the :30th
ult., before a Court-martial, and, although the postilion had been so
slightly wounder: as to be able to continue his work, the Court con_
derailed the soldier to death, and the corporal to irons for twenty years,
for not having used his authority as a sub-officer, to prevent the soldier
from committing the crime! The sentence was confirmed on appeal by
the Grand Council.

PLANTATION FlRES.—These fires have become
very general in the neighbourhood of Sunninghill, Ilagshot, and Oa%ing.
ham ; in the early part of ►ast week five were witnessed in one day, and
since then the plantations on the estate of Mr. Fo:b's have been twice
set on fire ; and on Monday another occurred at riagskot. At the latter
end of the week a letter was dropped at Sunninghill, addressed to the
great landholders, representing that it would be useless to ke, p watch,
as the party had determined to destroy all the plantations and underwood
on the estates in that neighbourhood.—Heading Mercury.
PRINCE TALLEYRAND.—In reply to the state-
ment of a London paper, M. G. de Perrey, who was `", years private
secretary to the late Prince Talleyrand, and left his service in 1H36,
writes to the Paris journals that he has nothing to publish, either rela-
tive to the Prince's manuscripts, or to certain great secrets of which he
is supposed to ho in possession. M. Perrey declares that he will prose-
cute any individual who may make use of his name in order to confer
the appearance of authenticity upon any publication relative to M. tie
Talleyrand. He adds, that such is the answer he has returned to several
London booksellers, who have hastened to write to him, and propose his
selling what he possesses not, and what would not belong to him wece it
in his possession. _ .

We learn through Vienna that a Journal, established
on the Ist of January, now appears twice a.weck a! Teheran, the fir
publication of the kind ever undertaken in Persia. It is lithographed
on two pages of a large sheet of thick paper, the first and last page being
both blank. At the top of the two printed pages are the arms of
Persia, a lion rampant, bearing the sun on his head, resting one paw on
a globe, and holding in the other a drawn sword, with the motto—
" The Lion of God is all_powerful." One page i 3 dedicated to the
official news of Persia, but is rarely filled. The other contains general
news, chiefly consisting of unimportant anecdotes. At the bottom is
inscribed—" Printed at Teheran, in the house of the Calif4t, for the in.
struction of the world."

NOSE AND EAR ANCESTIIII.---The Chinese en-
tertain the milieu—but on what foundation it is grounded it in itnpussi_
L:e to say—that the nos, is the part of a person w-Ilich is first formed
in the ovum. From this idea, the (list ancestor of a family is called the
nose ancestor, a,l the most distant grandson is denominated the ear
grandson.—The Fan qui in Usina.

ANTIQUITIES.—In taking down the house lately
occupied by Mr. S. Chace, perfumer, Catlicdral-yard, an znrient law
document was found in the wainscot, bearing date of the year 1584
(17th October), "in the 26th yeare of the reign of our Soveraigne
La,lye Elizahethe, by the Grace of God, Queen of Er-gland, France, and
Ireland, Delendresse of the Faith, tic." It is an acquittal or release
from Ger, a-d \Verde of Exon, " now servant with William Marten,
merchant, to 'Robert Hyde, of Loudon, railer, for all somes of moneye
delivered him by his father, W. Warde, in wytnesse whereof I have
hereunto Bette my hande, &c." This was four years before the &Woe-
tioa of the Spanish Armada.—Wester: Times.
