T;l3 ELECTORS OF GREAT BRITAIN:

Pio !lege, Lege. Arig et focis.

Cat entlo tutus.

Et.tc-rons ! Freeborn iir icon; !--pause awhile
at 116, 111:,inei)tons period, when the powers with
svhich you invest your Parliamentary Representa-
tives are surrendered to your hands. Be 'not
hasty—he not inconsiderate in lending your
solTrAge, or using your interest, to bes.ow a share
hi legislative power upon any man whose princi-
ples lease not been explicitly declared,—whose
character von do not know ta Le free from pre-
iodiced attachment to party interest ;—trust not
your
best and dearest rights with one of doubtful
attachment to his country—be well assured that
the Caudidate who seeks the trust be worthy every
Way to possess it ;—/mt, above a//, most strictly
scrutinize Iris attachment' to the free and noble
CotasTyrtmos: which has been handed down to
us from the glorious REFORMATION.
Fellow British ! inhabitants of_ this happy Isle,
on which the Sun of Protestant Liberty, dawning
at that auspicious era, dispelled the shades of
ignorance which darkened all our land, dissolved
the slavish spell which superstition twined around
her people, and u hose rays have hitherto chased
the clouds that would fain englvom his light—
mark the hmestimable fruits the genial influence
has nourished and orttored ;—guard with a jealous
care your enviable lot, your invaluable privileges,
and entrust them to those alone who pledge them-
selves to their support--to the support at that main
pillar on which our civil and religions rights and
liberties, nod our all, depends—the PROTESTANT
ESTABLISHMENT, the " good old Protestant
C3115e," as it was formerly proclaimed : and shall
it be no longer supported? Vatiotts, and alas !
hut too successful, were the attempts in the late
Parliament to shake this pillar at our Church and
State. Britons !--shall it tall ? Shall the Emissa-
ries and infatuated or designing Adherents of the
presumptuous Roman Pontiff blind your senses
svith their specious representations ? Bear in mind
that most tremendous attribute he blasphemously
claims—infallibility and immutability; combine it
with his thirst for universal temporal dominion,
which he deems his right As " Prince over all na-
tions and all Kingdoms" of the earth, and while
you yet dare to exercise your judgment, think on
the degree of credibility to he attached to the
statements they have lately presented before you.
Are we the Members of a Protestant Establish-
ment—" the eldest of her heretical sisterhood,"
the dead, unprofitable branch" of the true
vine, destined to be cut down and cast into the
fire, and already damned beyond a hope of Salva-
tion—to attempt whose overthrow'-ht a duty (and
a profitable one too, for it ensures their 30111'S
salvation, spite of every other crime ! 1) and to
deComplish it any deceit is pardonable, and mental
reservation explicitly declared allowable—are we,
I say, so blinded as to receive their protestations
It friendship unsuspectingly ? Recall the record
on the Monumeot in your Metropolis—forget not
the bloody hurt ors of the memorable Smithfield!,
look back upon the page of history, and mark
rite well attested fact 3' sealed by the blood of
Christian Mari yrs—PItOTESTANTi, innumerable
victims of their ambitious zeal ! And shall we,
forgetful of our Country's former sorrows, neglect
to demand a pledge for the preservation of our
Constitution trOill the inroads of Popish influence,
and thereby risk the attainment of political power
by those whoise nhimate aim would be our exter-
mination, or our abject slavery ? No, my brother
Protestants—it must not, cannot be ! Upon this
point then let us unanimously put the principles
of those whom we are about to set over us to the
test, but if unhappily these means shall fail to
secure time darling object of every loyal British
heart, time for hesitation must be no longer—
then—ere the evil become irremediable—my fellow
Countrymen of every class, let us join one and all
against the approaches of the Anti-Christian
Usurper—the COIIIIIIOII enemy to the civil and re-
ligious rights of all mankind, and let it be felt,
that while life animates a Briton's heart, that life
shall be devoted to the service of his Country—
to the inviolable preservation of her RELIGION,
Lteetert, knit tier Laws

ALBERT.-

WESTMINSTER ELECTION.

sixTti DAY.

The Covent-garden U Was resumed yester-
day, bui the mob were less outrageous titan on
the'preeeding day, in consequence of the absence
of Sir i• 1. Maxwell, who was kept, as we have
already stated, from the hustings by severe indis-
position, in consequence of the violence offered
to hint on Tuesday. The numbers were announced
at the usual time, and «•ere as tolinws

Sir Samuel Itornilly ....30ta I Sir Mnrr,y Maxwe11....2693
sir FrAncis Burdutt r Mr. limit
In coniegucnce of the absence ut Sir M.

MAXWELL,

Mr. HUNT took his place on the linstings, and
first addressed the populace. He said l►e appealed -
there iii consequence- of Sir M. Maxwell's being
ill used by the populace. That to which he had
alluded would not have, happened if Sir M.. Max-•
well had appeared before the electors of West-
minster merely as an Englishman. He (Mr.
Hunt) wanted no constables to protect him trut►t
any thing of the kind, -though a corrupt press had
done every thing in its power to inflame the pub-
lic, mind AgAinst biro. 11311 he been so assailed,
would there have been One constable found to
a hand in his dehurce ?—(" Every one," several
voices exelaimed.)—The first day he had appeared
on the hustings, he and his friends had been in-
sulted by the police ; by the Constable of 'West-
minster, and those under him. That man (the
High Constable) bad threatened to wri►ig his
(Hunt's) nose off his lice, though he had not
t..ourage to make the attempt.
Mr. Ltill (the High Constable) said, he .bad
threfflened to wring Mr. Hunt's nose, it he called
" a blackguard ;" as he had done on tl►e oc-
casion alluded to, and finder sucl► circumstances,
he (Mr. Lee) would again act as he had done.
then.

Mr. HUNT said, the High Constable had-next
collared his brother, a young man who was. deaf
and dumb.

I.,Fe„ in reply to this, saiol he could not
know that the person alluded to was deaf, and had
been obliged to stop hint, because when he spoke
to him with civility, lie was not attended to.
Mr. Hest went on to assert, that if any riot
had occurred, it was all owing to the int.tmous
conduct of the constables. lie then proceeded to
abuse the rtporters connected with the news-
papers.
A GRNTLEISIAN connected with an Evening
Paper asserted what had been stated to be a

ul tdisehood. He rose to address the crowd, but
he tumult was su great 'that be could not be
►earl,

Mr. INN'!" went on at some length in his usual
style, and pointed out one person who had offended
him, as a hired spy in the pay of Government.
His speech called forth much disapprobation, and
some applause.
Mr. D. KINNAIRD feelingly lamented the injury
which Captain Maxwell bad received after he re-
tired front the hustings on the preceding day, and
contended that a British Officer was entitled to
their protection. It he came there as the instru-
ment of the Government, it was not on the indi-
vidual that they ought to vent their• resentment,
but on those who sent him there. They ought to
carry their indignation to the doors of the Trea-
sury, and not to the private dwelling of Sit M.
Maxwell. He described the conduct of Lord
Castlereagh, in coming there to vote for Sir M.
Maxwell,
•lust before he left town for Ireland, to
be insulting to the Electors of Westminster, and
he hoped they would never forget it. He con-
gratulated them on the state of the poll—pro-
nounced an eloquent panegyric on Sir F• Burdett—
strongly insisted on the necessity of a Reim m in
Parliament, and concluded by calling on the
Electors to give plumpers for their favourite
Candidate.

Mr. HENRY Et.us then presented himself, and
taking a very prominent situation on the trout
addressed the meeting as follows :
" GENTLEMEN,---AIIOW me to claim your in-

(bilge:it attention for a few moments. The con-
sequences of a blow inflicted by a n►an, either de-
luded by passion, or maddened by intoxication,
have prevented Sir Murray Maxwell from attend-
ing the hustings this evening, and I now appear
before you to- deliver a message with which I an►
entrusted from my gallant friend. He has directed
me to say, that nothing but the most absolute phy-
sical inability should have prevented hint from ap-
pearing at his post—no treatment winch he had ex-
perienced could induce hint to forsake what lie con-
sidered t o be his public fact,he felt prouder
of the contumely and insults to which be had been
exposed in the maintenance of a good cause, than
of the most brilliant temporary applause purchased
by the sacrifice of personal integrity and self-re-
spect. Having delivered the message of my gal-
lant friend, I may perhaps be excused for adding
some short expression of my personal feeling to-
w•rrds Sir Murray Maxwell. You may well
imagine that the strongest feelings of personal
friendship, and the highest motives of public duty,
could alone induce me to obtrude myself upon
your notice. I have lived in the same ship with
bins for months, and I am, therefore, anxious to
repel, front my own knowledge, the charge of
cruelty which lias been preferred against him. 1
believed time never• existed a man who more
happily tempered the necessary strictness
of naval discipline with the affection of ti
' parent. The effect of Sir Murray Maxwell's
conduct was most happily evinced on the
momentous occurrence of shipwreck : in that
fearful moment every eye was turned to hin► for
consulatiot► and support, and every wind derived
confidence from his orders. His commands were
executed not with the mere subser'•iency of disci-
pline, but with the ready obedience of diilthyn.
Sir Murray was the father of his men. The oppo-
sition, therefore, directed against Sir Murray ought
not to be personal. Is it, therefote, to Iris pro-
fession I Your l'ar•liamentary annals will tell you,
Gentlemen, that it lies been the boast of the City
of Westminster to seleCt Naval Officers for their
Representatives; and, Gentlemen, I think that I
can venture to assign the motive. Naval Officers,
from the nature of their service, Bre little mixed
with the domestic poli,ics or factions of their
country.

" Th.eir march k o'er the moontitm ware,
" Their home is on the deep:.
[Here the hissilig and ilootivg by the rabble

completely interrupted Mr. E11.u2, and he c,included
by saying, that he \void(' not further force himself
upon their notice, but should conclude by declar-
ing, ail, if they returned Sir M. Maxwell, they
would du j.istice to the character of that gallant
Officer, and he might add, even do honour to
themselves.]
Mr. \Visit ART addressed the 'Meeting on the
state of the poll, but was grossly insulted by the
crowd. lle called on the Electors to make a
vigorous effort in behalf of Sir Samuel Romilly
to-morrow.

Mr. CLEARY would not congratulate the ;,roved
on the state of the poll, because Sir Francis was
not vet at the head of it. lie had, however, to
rejoice in the triumph of the day, as the Honour-
able Baronet had gained 151 votes on one Can-
didate, and was nearly 200 above the other. lie.
%would have been at the head of the poll if they
had not been annoyed on the hustiugs by a set of
reptiles called Tax-gatherers, who had sent from
the hustings as many electors as would ha ye
carried Sir Francis Burdett above Sir S. ltowilly,
because they hid not paid their last quartet's

poor's rates.
Mr. GAce .Tolens spoke with his usual ittecess
after which the mob dispersed.

MIDDLESEX ELF,CTION.

Last night ahont sixty persons assembled nt the
Crown and Anchor Tavern, Strand, in conse-
quence of placards and hand-bills having been
circulated in the course of the day, requesting
the att.endance of the Freeholders of the County
of Middlesex, precisely at eight o'clock, for the
purpost, of proposing Mr. BENNET.as a Candi-
date for Middlesex, in opposition to Mr. MEL-
LISH.

At half-past eight o'clock more than 30 per-
sons were present, and at nine o'clock about 30
more 'arrived. Amongst them tve noticed—Mr.
Wish:art, Mr. Beaumont, and J. D. Clark, Esq.
Between nine and ten o'clock a consultation

took place amongst the chief Reformers, whether
it would not be be.st to adjourn, in consequence
of the thin attendanCe of the Freeholders of the
County.
Mr. VtrtinArtT and several others were requested
to take the Chair ; hut they declined in conse-
quence of their not being freeholders.
J. H. BRAUNIONT, Ecq• asked the company if
any communication had been had with Mr. Ben-

net relative to the point proposed.
It was answered by some person whose name
could not be learned, that his opinion had not
been, taken ; but he would give an answer to-
tnorr'ow (this day) whether he would stand for
Middlesex or not. •

Air. J. I). CLARKE W3l then requested to take
the Chair ; but l►e declined. lie appeared, like
Sir John Falstaff, to be ashamed of his company ;
`• be would not march through Coventry with
them." lie declined taking the Chair.
The Meeting was adjourned to this eventog at
eight o'clock, for the purpose of receiving Mr.
Bennet's answer to a requisition.
