stoners of' the.Adiniralty your Letter to me of the xil of last t MA Nil 13'14-'140i13 dayJ Tenant,vlio
on the subjed.of the-Whitstable:Sin:xi..which 1130 d been 'twice privately examined • before the Log
been met with at sea by the Amelia, baying pispatch:i on Yay,,r, charged with robbing rheeoitnting.lintise•of
hoar‘l her addressed to you ; and inclosing fig their r;S:I3 w, of Bridle-street, 0f Exchequer
ships' information, the Letters and l'apers yoU Notes, and Cash, to a cnrsizkraWe amoUnr, a
mentionedin this P., or, was folly-committed
t„ :take his trial for this affair. It was at first suspeOrl
the. Prisoner must have had some others concerned in
this robbery, but as yet no accomplice can be found.
Two servants iti,the house were taken up on suspi.
ciiin and examinedflitit guilt being proved against
them, Mr. Shaw generously retains them ,in his ser-
vice.. The Prisoner having lived•foot man:With Mr. S.
had a full opportunity of knowing every part of their
counting-houses, Whichare vety extensive. :On his
leaving the service about six Months sioceEhe took
the King's Arms puhlic.house in Soffolk.streer,
Southwark, and at that time he borrowed of the
Cook twenty pounds, and fifteen pullshls from the
Groom,- svitliout giving them any .tecority.for
When the robbery: was discoyer'ed to be an in,door
robbery, an examination took place of all the ser.
vants. The .Sunday.. after the COok and Gloom'
went to the Prisoner's house to get notes.for. their
money lent to him., He at .first. appeared very
much confused, but. afterwards A era with the Groom
to Mr. S.'s to see the place, when he.described the
way. the rubbery had been done .so neatly, that. it
gave, rise to suspicioo that he knew something of.
it. A note having been afterwards traced to his
house, Mr. S. went With proper Officera and appre.
lender! him. After ae4tching the house, most of
the' property.sturen was found in a box. tjettup in a
handkerchief, which the -Prisiiner 2 pretended ,W.kti
brought to his house by astranger:
MAataortouctr.mtcyr.-Yesterday a master
chimney:sweeper was brought to the by order
of the Magistrates, ,charged with extreme brutal
condua towards William Todd, his apprentice, and
with.holding from him necessary stitenance, •
It appeared by the evidence of several witnesses,
that this poor boy, who had been apprenticed by
the parish, was for days together in want of food,
and withriut even any thing to. 'coy hums This
class of people are placed, as it were, .under the
eye of the Magistrates, who keep one 91 the in.
dentures, by. which, on ill.treatment
.being proved
against the master, he is deprived of the boy's set.
vices.—The Magistrates severely reprobated the
master's conduct, and•ordered the boy to he taken
master care of until another he found for him. •
CHI L DATE AL I NG. —On Monday evening ayoung
woman of very -genteel appearance inquired of seve-
ral of the inhabitants of Blackfriars hissed for a
woman who had recently but Could not
'mention any name; she was at length directed to the
house of Mr. Martin, in'Curritti,roW,' bf 'dart its,
whose, wife had been delivered of, ahoy .abooc ti de
weeks since; to whoM. she introduced herself, sty-
jng she• was just come from Portsmouth, was ninch
fattgo4,
.and gave her a seven-shilling- piect• buy
inme tea 'and sugar with, saying s 1V011:1 niioC
he child during her ab4cnce. After freshrd,
she requested' Martin to accouT3ny
Blickiri•irs-bridge to.aQen;tainan', who would
reward her for hie i r otib!t and she "would carry' 11‘..
childibi her. When they crane to the London side
of the biidge, the 'strange I,4dy, in a cr twd,
camped the child, arid has not since b,•en heard
tif, although every posAble search has been made
after them. 'Ole mother is in the greatest distress
of mind about her infant,
On Monday night a dreadful. fire broke-Out in a
small tcmement, near the New Church, Plytnouth,
which raged with ouch fury, that in
~ the course o
two hours the house.. in which it
,broke our, loge-
titer with two uthelit adjoining, with all their fur-
niture, were -completely destroyed, and, the uncut.-
ttillate itlhAbitatiti, with great dilliculty,, escaped
with their lives.

from Lord Proby, which had been taken .out oz that ‘less4
by his Lordship.
It is hardly necessary that 1 should.explain to xou, aftei
what has passed, all theproceedings which to place on th4r
Lordships' being informed of this Vessel heing.,sent in quest
of you from Whitstable, ; but, from
.what they know of the
proceedings of•personsresitlingen the ".Coast,` and particularly
in that neighbourhood, the large sum ,paid for The hire of the
Vessel, and the report which bad been made, that at least gni
of the Dispatches with which she had been charged had been
addressed to you as coming from this Office, itnaturallyoc.
cuirred to their Lordships, that this. Vessel had been employed
for the purpose of conveying intelligence to the Enemy, more
especially as she was first met with close to the entrance of
an Enemy's Port, and had the appearaneeof having these
Dispatches on board as a cover fel. protaling her from inter.
ruption or detention'. With this impression, every means
, Were adopted to obtain possession of them; in order that they
might satisfy themselves on this point ; hut had not the most
distant i,.!ea that any correspondence of an improper desciip.
lion could have had the sanction of an Officer of your cha.
. rietlr, nor could they have thought of eiaininlng 'the Let_
tars, had they fallen into their hands, could they other Wise
:haveheen satisfied that they were aelually intendedfor you.
Having given you this explanation, I have only to return
to you the papers you transmitted to me, which have not
even hien read oither by their Lordships or by me ; but they
cannot dismiss this subjed without directing me In add, that
the observations contained in the concluding paragraph of yow
letter were unnecessary, as, consistently with their publiC
duty, and considering the suspicious appearance of every
part of the transailion, they could not, have taken steps short
of what they have done: and tha, however your Correspon-
" dents may keen the subject, they ought to know, that if any
stigma attaches to,them they have.drawn it on themselves, by
.their improper mode of cointramicating with you ; and that
'the same vigilance will be exercised by their Lordships for
putting a imp to'any cdtrespondence carried on under equally
suspicious"cireutnstanceS, particularly when the authority of
this Office may be made use of to Corer it•
1 am, Sir, Ste.
(Signed). EVAN NE PEAN.
C.'nun:d,re Sir S. Smut

NGLISII AND FRENCH PRISONERS.

The Aqui, an English Paper, published in Paris,
,and in which, the TraitOr A ItTrl UR O'CONNOR is
und:tytu►Rl to be the chief writer, Contains an inf,►.
[milli attack upon the British G. iverninznr, and the
British Natimi, respecting the different manner
in which •French Prisoners here and English Pri,
soners. in France
,are treated:---A comparison is
suggested between the situation of the English at
Verdun and the French Prisoners in this Country.-7
The miserable slavery of the French Press may rep.-
der melt a comparison of use in France, because ncr.:
thing of an opposite tendency in the English
tails can possibly be extracled, wi►hout the certainty
of exposing Ole French Editor to the danger of
co►.6nement in the Temple, or a voyage to Cayenne.

Jr would be abstnid to attempt to expose •the tally
of this. comparison, because there is no resemblance
in the principles of the respedive cases. The Eng—
fish ate not Prisuncra of War. They were persons
who, on the faith of the ..Law of Nations, visited
Fronce from various motives, and they arc detained
there contrary to the rights and usages of all civiliz.,
e 4 States.: powever bitter thc.ir situation truly
it would be degrading to this Country to constnt
to exchange them for French Prisoners, because it
would be recognizing 'a ;nraitire which must be held
in indignation ard. abhUrrence by all. Countries in
Europe. The French Prisoners in this Country arc
the Vidims' of War, and we have a right to detain
them till the 'return of Peace; or 'till .they arc cx-
changed in cprilortnity to the acivowledged prac_
tices of all States that pay any regard to justice.
As to the treatment which die.EngliSh receive
in . France, its chief merit is an excerption from
-ahUal confinement in gaol. .The French Gavern.
merit are in no danger from.wliat: the goglish. may •
say,. as they are too cautious to expose themselves
to the•resentment of thembst sanguinary Tyrant on
rarth. On the other hand, the French, Prisoners
he're are restrained by no impulse of fear and no re_
gard to decency. They insult our Government,
they endeavour'to spread their own dangerous prin.
ciples among ourpeople. if, therefore, they are un.
der some restraint, and are confined to particular
I,l3ces, ,they.only suffer from their own misconduct..
io all other respedis their treatment is suitable to
rlie,cliaraiter of Great Britain for humanity and
.1
Benevolence.

a

About one o'clock yesterday afternoon a respen_
able old woman, residing at Mr. Middleton's; vine.
street, Piccadilly,-fell into tilt are, and was burned
to death, Unfortunately nu assistance being at
hand, the alarm was not given until too laic, the
unfortunate objed being initial by her serrant
on her return from an errand, Tne fire was C• 101-
rnanicated by her CLAWS to the rx4in ; but, it was
extinguished before the engines arrived.
Monday nighr last.; a dreadful tire broke out at
Mr. Overton's japari.warehoustin "Fni.bury.arreet,
near Finsbury.square, which entirely consume& the
workshops and premises, and materially injured the
hack part of the house and shop of Mr. Owen, tin.
man, in Chisweil.street, anti several other louse),
adjlining. The ,fire proccedril from the varnish
• Yesterday morning, bet sitetri four and fi re o'clock,
the house of Lady 'Atm ea i CisitiriNntt,, in Lower
.Grosvenor.street, was attempted,to be broke open,
by •forcing the windows with small hand.erows ;
but rite, watchman passing by at. the time, sprung
his rattle; and the thieves made their escape.
On Saturday night, near eight d'clock, Hs a dray.
m tn, who had been delivering stime beer in Oxffaid.
street, from Barclay and Perkins's breivttouse, was
returning home, riding on
.the,shafts of the dray,
by a sudden jolt, at turning:the corner by Scoft's
Mahogany Wharf, on Bankside,...he fell
.off, the
near wheel of the dray went,ovcr hint, crushed iu
the spine of his back, and broke the outer surface
of his bowels he was also' dreadfully bruised by
two contusions in his head, occasioned by : the fstih
flit holy, in that state, was taken to the flospiwl,
whekhe remained alive last night, but alt a delirioui
'state.

riFt4ttLa is suffering under a very severe strain
on his side, the consequence of violent exertion the
last time he played afiervion. Nothing but
pension of his professional labours Cm int:magic his
recovery.

_ .
11114ny, who in their younger years ore-delighted
'with the story. of ,Fortanie's WishiAr: Gap, are apt,
when they grow up, to amuse their minds with sim.
ple wishes only for riches and independence. ,This,
to be sure, is very•natural ; and yet. it is very ab-
surd. The Adventurer, with even but the smallest
Shire in a Lottery, has infinitely a better claim to
the smiles olFortune, than all those; who are mt..
nally pestering her with mere wishes for her bounty.
This laudable zeal to acquire wealth, by. striving
to obtain it, has .now a moat favourable, and inviting
opportunity for its display ; as tbn approaching
Qrand Lottery contains an immense fund of riches
fur distribution among a considerable, number of in,
dividuAls, ho render themselves worthy. of Fur.
tune's favours, not by idle wishes, but by and4ludi
and spirited adventure in her present twit opulent
Wheel. -

• _
ilitAllAkl•has not renewed his engagement at the.
Ope ra.house. The serious Opera in which he. perform.
ei List yeor; is to bt the next Piece represented at
the King's Theatre. 'tibia!, a very good tenor,
takes the charatrter that was performed by BRAHAm..
The Comedy of The Blind Bargain was repre.
,tented last nightat„Covent.garden Theatre. The
part of Pillar: was taken by CHARLES. KitAiD LA,
who followeil the track of ,his -Brother with great
ability and success.
Several more Vessels have been purchased by
Govetrimerit, for 'the purpose of being fitted.as rue-,
ships in the River, in addition to 'bete which are
nearly finhiied. •
