(From the Portsmouth Herald.)

His Majesty's ship Spartiate, 76, Capt. Robert Tait, (bearing
the flag of Rear. Admiral Sir M. Seymour, Bart. and K.C.8.)
returned to St. Helen's on the 9th inst., and sailed early the fol.
lowing day for her destination. She arrived at Torbay on
Wedneiday.
The Gossamer, tender to his Majesty's ship Victory, returned
from the Eastward on Sunday, having conveyed supernumera-
ries to Sheerness.

His Majesty's cutter Sparrow, Lieut. Rilly, which sailed last
week for Swansea, returned on Monday, through the violence
of the weather, and sailed for her destination, via Plymouth,
yesterday.

His Majesty's steam.vessel Lightning, Mr. John Alien, Mas-
ter, came in on Wednesday from the River, having on board
the baggage, &c., ot the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, with which
she proceeded to Dublin on the following day.
His Majesty's ship Serpent, 16, Commander J. C. Symonds
(attached to the Portsmouth station), anchored at St. Helen's
on Tuesday, from a cruise to the Westward, and sailed again
yesterday to resume her cruising Station.
APPOINTMENTS AND PROMOTIONS.--Lieut. J. Gore
is appointed to his Majesty's ship Hyacinth, as well as the fol.
lowing :—Mr. T. Baseley, Master; Mr. C. Pattison, Surgeon ;
Mr. A. Muirhead, Assistant-Surgeon; and Mr. H. G. Back_
house, Mate.—The Rev. T. Ferris, Chaplain, is appointed to
the Portsmouth Ordinary.—L!euts. C. T. Rooke and A. Slade
are appointed to his Majesty', ship Victory, as well as Mr. Wm.
Wright, Assistant-Surgeoi.—The Rev. G. Fisher is re-appointed
to the same ship, and Messrs. C. Rankine, G. Moore, T. Bre-
nan, and Dr. F. Maunsell, Supernumerary Assistant-Surgeons,
for the Service of Haslar Hospital.—Mr. J. Bowler, Mate, is
appointed to his Majesty's ship Buffalo.—Mr. J. Colwell, Pur-
ser, is appointed to his Majesty's ship Hyacinth.
Tlie following Midshipmen passed their examination in na-
vigation this week, at the Royal Naval College, viz., Mr. Al-
bert Heseltine and Mr. Robert W. Otway, both of his Majesty's
ship St. Vincent; Mr. F. A. Cudlip, of his Majesty's ship
Southampton ; Mr. C. 0. Hayes, late of his Majesty's ship
' Dryad; Mr. E. Heathcote, of his Majesty's ship Briton; and
Mr. Z. Andrews, of his Majesty's ship San Josef.
ROYAL MARINES.—Second Lieut. Charles Fellowes
Lamborne of the Chatham Division of Royal Marines, has been
allowed to resign his commission.—Mr. Leopold George Fre-
derick Mont, has been appointed a Second Lieutenant at the
Chatham Division, vice Lamborne, resigned.—Mr. J. Thadeus
Courtney M`Carthy, has been appointed a Second Lieutenant,
at the Portsmouth Division, vice Lamont, dismissed the service
by sentence of a courtmartial.
Admiral Sir Thomas Williams, G.C.8., our Commander-in-
Chief, struck his flag on Thursday, on board his Majesty's ship
Victory, and proceeded on leave. Rear-Admiral Sir F. L.
Maitland, K.C.B. (Admiral Superintendent of the Dockyard,
whose flag is flying
in the Portsmonth yacht) will execute the
duties of Port Admiral during the absence of the former.

No class of tradesmen are so burdened with
oppressive taxation as the publicans. In addition to the
assessed taxes, soldiers, &c., they have licenses to pay,
varying from 51. to 151. This unequal system of taxation
should, in common justice, be remedied. We are glad to
hear that the publicans throughout the kingdom are pre-
[ming petitions to Parliament praying for a redress of their
grievances.--.Reading Mercury.
A BDucTioN.—Thursday evening as a young
woman named ROSE Fox was returning from the market
of Westport, accompanied by her sister, ELLEN SMITH,
to her residence at Lognafreeogue, they were followed and
overtaken within half a mile of Westport by a party of
upwards of twenty, when a man named PATRICK O'AIALEY,
of Slogger, one of the party, seized the young woman, and
dragged her a considerable distance. She escaped into 3
house for protection, and fastened the door inside, but the
party broke it open, and forced her away with them. In•
formations have been sworn, and warrants issued against
the parties..—Mayo Constitution,

Mr. F. O'CONNOR presented a petition from Armagh,
in the county of Cork, praying for the abolition of
tithes. In the opinion of the Hon. Member, nothing so
much led to the disturbances which had lately taken
place as the promise which was held out during the last
session by his Majesty's Ministers.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from a parish in
the county of Meath, praying that his Majesty's Ministers
would not carry into effect the coercive measures
contemplated against Ireland.—(Hear, hear, hear.)
The petitioners stated that hitherto they had been
successful in pre►erving the peace of their neighbour-
hood, but despaired of doing so, if coercive measures were
introduced. As he (Mr. O'Connell) intended to make
some observations upon the Bill which had been intro-
duced into another place, fur reducing the people
of Ireland to a state of blaveiy, be should only
at present move that the petition be brought up. The
Hon. Member then presented a petition from the
National Political Tiades' Union of Dublin, against the
vestry cess. The Hon. Member then moved for a return
of the number of persons who had been committed for
criminal offences to the different gaols in England and
W les since the last return.—Ordered.

Mr O'CONNELL moved fur a return of the number
of benefices in Ireland possessing no church, or possessing
a church in one parish of the union, the distance of the
nearest buundary of the parishes having no church to the
church of the union ; and alio the distance of the farthest
biundary.

Lord ALTHORP having said he had no objection to
the return, it was ordered.

Mr. LOCK gave notice, that on the 21st of March, he
should move for leave to bring in a Bill to establish a
general system of police in the burghs of Scotland.
Sir HYDE PARKER, presented a petition from a
hundred in Suffolk, against the Taxed Cart Act.

Mr. HUME said, that he thought the case of the pe-
titioners worthy of attention. —( Hear.) The fears be
had expressed of the operation of the Bill last session
had been but too truly verified. A number of surcbarg. s
had been made, and numerous complaints bud been com-
municated to him of which he had informed the Treasury.
The effects of the Act hid been, to tax many individuals
who had not been taxed before.

Lord ALTHORP said the fact was this. The Bil
ot last Session took the half of the old tax oti
carts which were used by the owners for their fami-
lies, for the mixed purpose of conveyance for them-
selves and of goods to and from market. Formerly, if a
cart were employed for anything but the carrying ot
goods to and from market, the owner was liable to
the high duty; but there were several parts of
England where the tax had been customarily evaded.
In those parts of England the Act of last session, instead
of operating as a relief, had a directly contrary effect, for
the officers of the revenue had, upon its passing, imme-
diately called upon the parties for the half duty, which they
certainly felt as a hardship. In other parts of the country,
however, where the law was strictly obeyed, the Act had
certainly operated as a relief.
Mr. ALEXANDER BARING hoped the petitioners
would have some relief.

Mr. S. RICE said that the Act bad operated at a
greater relief than had been stated, for the employment of the
cart, under the old law, for anything but the conveyance
of goods, had o, casioned the horse duty to be levied on

- - - ----- ....
the horse, and the man-servant duty on the driver, mak
ing a charge of 11/. instead of 11. 10s., now demanded.
—Petition ordered to be laid on the table.

Mr. DUNCOMBE presented a petition from the Corpo-
ration of Scarborough, denying the statement of a petition
presented by an Hon. Member a few nights since.
The Hon. Member also presented a petition fret some
place in the county of York, praying for the better obser-
vance of the Sabbath Day.
Mr. HASLAND presented a petition from the city ot
Durham, for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. J. FENTON presented a petition from Rochdale,
for the abolition of slavery, and another from the same
place for the abolition of the hierarchy in Ireland. Th.,
Hon. Member, in presenting the latter petition, made a
few observations which were not audible in the gallery.
The SPEAKER said he understood from the Hon.
Member that if he were satisfied from the measure.
which his Majesty's Ministers had proposed, that tb.
Noble Earl (Ormelie) had led them into an error be was sort
his COnetitueuto would not have forwarded that petition.

Lord ALTHORP moved the order of the day for re-
ceiving the report of the supply granted to his .Majesty.
Mr. COBBETT rose to submit certain resolutions to
the House respecting the grievances of the panplc
tinder the pressure of taxation.—(Hear, hear ) He wou!'
not attempt to entertain the House with an account
of what their ancestors used to do with regard to redress•
,ing grievances previous to granting supplies, for it was
now too antiquated a doctrine; but it was his dut:a not to
suffer the House to go one step further with the sup:
plies until he was permitted to state certain grievances'
connected with the subject, and until he had shown to!
the House that the nobility, the land, d gentry of England
and Scotland, had been the most unjust body of men
that ever lived. (L 'tighter.) Altaough they might
laugh with the people's money in their pockets, lie hoped
to be permitted to state very shortly a part only of the
grievances of the people, and he would leave gentlemen to
laugh as long as they pleased after he had done. In order
that he should not make mistakes, and that it rnklat
be impressed on the minds of gentlemen, he had put the
facts down on paper. The greater portion of the:
time which he meant to occupy would be in stating the
substances of two Acts of Parliament, namely, the Stamp
Duties Act, and the Auction Duty Act, and if ever
partiality, cruelty, or injustice was ex-reised towards the
people greater than by those acts, he would be
content to forfeit any pretensions which he mighf
have to the possession of common sense.—(llear.)
They would find that the duties under the statute, ire
exacted from the poor people of the country, aud,
from the statement he would lay before the House.
that the nobility, the clergy, and the landed gentlemen,
had taken care entirely to be excused from the
burden, and that it was made to press heavier
and heavier in proportion, as it reached the poor man.
People might laugh, but was that justice ? Was that the
way to conciliate the people ? No doubt the Right H. n.
Secretary had said that the Government should be
'eared before it was loved, but that Right Hon. Gentle.
man's philosophy differed from his (11r. Colabett's) and from
the experience of them all. Let him rest assured, the love
always came before the fear. His Majesty's Government.
however, were acting in opposition to that philosophy.
They sought to be feared before they were loved, and the
House would soon see how the fear their measures pro-
duced would excite love.—(Hear, hear, hear.) He vl• ig
going, however, to lay a statement before the Iltrosvt
which he was afraid would not much tend to praducti
confidence and love towards those who called themselves
:tieuhretrieesndo;taoisl i:tyty:sannpcdsa,pga.e,nnits,ruy4:toi:fsgtiGhneetoch.oe
.r:yet.gaantteTi
to 7,000
:Aopcoatos toeedoorte,l,-.,
the 11th July 1815, for the purpose of imposing certain
of which the nobility, clergy, and gentry, paid hardly
any thing at all. The utmost care had been taken to
exempt the nobility and land proprietors from bearing any
but a very small part of the burden, and, in fact, the tax
pressed heavier and heavier in proportion to the smallness
of the property. If the Act of Parliament had been made
for the express purpose of degrading the people of Eq,
land, and for diminishing the number of small proprietors
it could not have been more effectually framed for that
purpose.—(A laugh.) It was very well to laugh when
peoale hail got the money in their pockets. Various duties
on legacies, and on property coming by intestate succession,
were imposed, but from those freehold property was wholly
exempt.—(Hear, hear.) Where was the justice of
this ? Could the landowners of Englund Ink
the rest of the people of England in the face with a law
like this in the Statute Book ? But torch laws could be
made and enforced upon the people, while they hail the
power to do it, and while there was power left them to try
them by courtmartial. But there was also a probate
duty, and he wished specially to call the attention of
the House to the scandalousness of that impost.—( Hear.)
A certain Honourable Baronet, not then in his place,
challenged him the other night to bring forward his plans,
and had found fault with him for not introducing some
magnificent measure for alleviating the miseries of the
people. He (Mr. Cobbett) had no grand plans—he had
no magnificent plans, except the magnificent one of mak-
ing certain people pay up their arrears, and do justice to
the country. He asked justice for the people, and him-
self amongst the rest. Why, if justice had been done
when that Right Hon. Baronet came to his estates, thirty
years ago, 60,0001. would have ht en paid by him to the
country for probate duty ; if he had been taxed, as he
(Mr. Cobbett) knew pretty well his children would be,
that sum would long since have been handed over. These
exactions—these monstrous and cruel disproportions be-
tween the rich aud the poor—were intolerahlia and would
he productive of very bad results. Tiny made the people
vindictive, and must finally induce them to detest their
wealthier brethren. He would proceed to conveyances.
The duty upon a thing of five pounds value, and under
201., was 10s. ; and the duty on a thiug of 100,000/,
or any sum above that, was 1,000/.—so that, in the
latter case, it was less than 10s. per cent. on the value of
the thing conveyed, and in the former case, if of 51. value,
it was two hundred shillings per cent. on the value
of the thing conveyed. Thus the poor man paid twenty
times as much tax as the rich man on precisely the
same sort of property ; and the weight of the duty went
on increasing feom ten shillings per cent. to two hundred
shillings per cent. exactly in the proportion that the value
oecame smaller and smaller in amount. Thus the poor were
taxed, while the rich went scot free. They might laugh
—with their pockets full of money they could laugh. Who
passed that Act of Parliament? They were the worthy
Nobility and Gentry of this boasted tree country. And
yet they found fault with the Jacobins, as they called
ti.em, for not adoring the privileged orders. In leases,
where the yearly rent was 5/., the statnp duty was 11. or
20 per cent. ; but where the yearly rent was 1,000/, the
stamp duty was 11., or 10 p r cent.,—and thus this tax
went on from 4001. a year rental to 5/. a year rental, get-
ting heavier and heavier, but increasing in the small reea
tals in a most disproportionate degree. 'I here was mon-
strous injustice ! What would be said to that ? Oh, 'twas
not known—it was done in a hurry—late, perhaps, at
night. Then they ought not to work by night—(Cheers)
—let them work by day, and do their business properly and
carefully as it ought to be done.—(Cheers.) In the case
of mortgages and bonds and securities of every description,
it, for instance, the amount of the mortgage were 25/.,
the stamp would be 1/., or SO,. per cent. ; but if the
amount of the mortgage were 20,000/., the stamp would
he 20/, or 2s. per cent., the poor man thus paying forty
times as much tax as the rich man. The stamp in this
aase was no more if the amount of the mortgage were
100,0001. ; which compelled the poor man to pay 200
itritor as much as the rich one—the tax increasing in
weight as the taxed person become poor. Why ! were
they honest men that passed such a law as this ? Were
they not persons professing themselves to be gentlemen—
persona of high blood—men of magnificent spirits? There
was magnificence—there was justice ! In respect to annu-
ities, if the annuity were for 101. or under, the stamp
was 1/. ; and so, in due proportion, an annuity of 2,0001.
ought to ray a stamp duty of 2001. ; but, instead of that,
at paid only 251. ; and if the annuity were for 10,0001.,
ar any greater amount, it still paid 25/. only—the same
shameful disproportion as before detailed being observable
throughout. And yet this was passed in England—the land
of charity—of justice—of benevolence ! Call this charity--
call this justice, indeed! Why, the clergy of Log and
ought to have preached against it constantly and devoutly
4t
.
for the last two years from their pulpits. That was what
they ought to have done. Then they ibeennot
if some use. Then the good peop:e.t' for
or Rochdale would
have
on o
pfetthe Protestantitioneti as they
hierarchy. had ha t
DI
Nuth they,
ale had not done. He must tell them about promissory
acres and bills of exchange. If not exceeding two amanitas
,fter date, and for the sum of 40s. or not exceeding five
uineas, the stamp was Is. ; and in the one pilau, toin
the stamp on S,OOO/. ought to be 28/. 1 Is. ; but it paid
only 151., whilst 19r any higher sum the stamp wits no
tgden
d, to total
il -
. t
