BALTIMORE, MAY O.

We undorStand that the i'resident of the United
SEEtteti fillii leis lady, with the heads Of departments,
and other officers of goves einem, leave Waqhilig7
ton this day for Annapolis, with the intention at
visiting the Washiogton, 74, at anchor oil that
harbour.

His Excellency William Pinckney and family
have -proceeded to the saint" place-, r fut. the purpose
of embarking for Europe. ,
A toonher ai Gentlemen frOm this city visited
the United States' ship Washington, Commodore
Chauncey, oW Annapolis, oil Saturday last, and
were reccivedtby the COunnoclore with great pc,-
liteness ;” and as far as their short stay permitted;
they exaniined the ship, and were highly gratift'ed
with this specimen of Aineriean Naval arctritee.-
tore, It has u creW of anout 600 healthy young
foci), apparently in is state of pettect -happiness,
euntent, anti .discipline; who, worked 'OA guns
with the facility of- a caution).- manceuvring"their
',muskets, The decks welt clean, buil the oleo
*kids,., mai:and tin caps, were placed in rows,
with two liihlth upon thew, fur' e:alt mess; ad:

A change of wind took place yesterday a‘ter-
noon, and by the post letters received this mornr
ink;, it appears that Lord Rkmotrria took advan-
tage of it, and stiled from Portsmouth with the
following ship, ondor his coMmanil

Uneep Charlotte, id intlytt, I leek, Fury, Infernal, Cortlelia,
eveyro, britomart, Cadmus, l'oer, Thames, and .laieur.

A the wiod this rooming has got' rowcd to its
ohl tioarter, it is feared his Lordship will be
obliged to return.

\Ye are to-day ‘vithotit our accustomed arrival
of Foreign Papers, and .luivetitenee an Opportii.;
nity of requesting the Attention ofnor Readers to
"halters of domestic interest.

• We conclude to-ifay'ull the E, tracts from Jas
notica rapers anti other sources of-
re,lative to the struggle in South America. We:
have even gone hack a Hole its our researches,
and recotded affairs of old dates, to enable our
Wallets to form some: idea of the state of this

colitest.

The latcA accounts are chtirdy 41 favour of the-
Royalists.
It ought to be biAd in mind, that the operations
between the Revolutionists and Old Govemtneht-
are (besides in places ofrinferioi note and extent)
carried on io at least three main, distinct, and dF-
fetent quarters : viz. first, elong- the Coast of
the Cati,hean Sea ;--esecond, on the Rio de l‘;
Plata ;,....and, third, on the side ot Mexirii, . The
first is the Northern extremity ot tititith Ame.l
r j the second, far to the South iii the SOur
Atl.mtie OceHn artd the third, on the op-
porAte side
.01 this immense- Peninsula; li.nd iii
the South Pacific Sea. The rhoit lucent flews (in
Tut! Sij: of yesterday Alla to-ildy) h, with etcep7
tint) 'of the tiikihg of Santa lie, confined to the
first mentioheti of these scenes of war.

It is reported that some ditierenco,Of opinion
has arisen between time Connty Justices and the
Maglitrates, on the. stibject of the•
)
exa-
n►inations respecting the infamous Conspiracies,
iyy which Persons Comparatively and, it is dread-
to clink, perhaps entirely innocent, have been
iccitsa,of Capital Crimes, and become the 'vie-
:
titiis of most atrocious Villains, We know not
whether this rumour is or is not well founded,
but with every respect which we feel for the
lice Magistrates, and with the perfect reliance
which we have on their zeal, activity, acuteness,
and integrity, we have no hesitation in stating Our
opinion, that the investigation now carrying on
should' bi conducted with the aid of other Ma.
gistrates. Several Police'Officers are implicated
in these horrid transactions ; the witnesses are their
fellow office; s ; and for the sake of truth and justice
it is desirable that
,cvett inthe first instance the ass-
thority which has to decide on the question should
not be confined to those alone whose own servants
are so deeply involved, and who have been in the
constant; habit ef.repoiing more or less confidenee
itt the accused, and onsequently of having fann-
ed, a priori, estimates of their credibility and'elia-
meters.

in offering these remarks, we ale anxious not
to he ,in:Sunflerstood as casting the slightest re-
flectitin on our Police 'Magistracy, individually or
collectively. SoMe of thaebody we know perso-
•nally, and mit of them from common fame, and
it is doing them but hare justice to acknowledge,
' that they are eminently. qualified to discharge all
the duties of their office to the satisfaction of the

It is only the peculiarity, and not the import-
ante of the case under notice that convinces us of
the expediency of calling in further And other
judgments. Neyer did mystery demand more
ample elucidation; never did even national fame
depend more completely on the result of such an
enquiry; never were human feelings more strong.
ly interested than in the full developement of
every circumstance connected with these dreadful
conspiracies.

Not mils: must, the meti of,guilt betliscovered mbel
puitiOied, but Old wlintt winditign Anti ilivolutions
ut Illeir compl;cated infawi wust be unravelled

!etec,6l, hut— the c3libte Must be tiestroyell td
. .
4. never, to he ea'lable of actin, twain . It is
litavf mffiktiou to look baelt, and imagine Ale
I.o3Sillifity of Our fellow..creaiiiies 'fins viva suffer:.
ed death innocently, on the testimf,ny of I‘f mist°,
who, when they failed to procure the commissn,
eat crime, in order front its diseolery to ;TA p the rt
• t; -
ward of blood, would he -ithheltl torn() reptigustnel
horn- inveto7llg,.Blta by perjurli
charges against the perlectlV ; but to stip\
posesttelt ill b
sre call led on isheyond
human endio%ince, fatly be the issue of
St
She present Investigation, this ccZ!"ge/lel1"
, , •
be guarded against.
For onrsclves, we are persuaded list Pr"'
tire has been much More genera! than i even
now appreftentleti. Eyery day we have seen
from the Police Repoils, that when such and such
offences Were committed, such anti such Officers
were ever acridentolly passing, to take the culprits
into custody. 'Else Devil, we are told, is ever
at
hand when sailed on, with nearly the sante might
he said of these guardians of the public ssfety.
Except, truly, in eases ‘There their assistance
might be wanted by reipeetable persons exposed to
injuty, and then, we %rill %mottle to Sae, that ill
every street of London (litivv-street, !tattoo-
getrden, and Qneett-square, not exeepteslt.
senger as.aulted might lit vain look tor au Oificer
tO protect him:•or secure the riggreers.
The Police in a free country like Eogl:lnd
is
certainly an engine very diffiicttit tO manage, b"
there is no doubt it eould be must materially ho'
proved front kvhat it 1101 V is.

. ,

BAKNET, the EfI,FX is Intl'
stiil.4.; his
sThatch t,F Ft Mil it; id ahalt ot'ry
cessive bunt., and this morning fiflishea hi 3 5501
mile.

SpN-oFrict,itAt.r-PAvr O'CLOCK.
•-The Paris. Papers of the 2211 have just rt.-itched
us, but Ulth the exception of a Home of the
, ,•
nug of oiWU'it,N-DUVEItt:ZET., Which iS p;„-It 4,
tliore- like a tlit4 are utterly (le°ilute
news..

ehanced last night,
hot :be IVerither
slif.Nerv. and uncertain as it 1143 I}Ccil
fnr the last six weeG.
Mr.. HUNTER. thC Meltienge_r, I;rrived Y
TR "tel
thi:-/ with dispatches fro,o Vientia.
The QUEEN. is expected to hold a Pra'°"kg.
room, on this d
itv fortnight, at which ll'''. Di::
and of GLoUCEsTgit' ji] be pi.cse"—'
to her MAsesTv; •f heir in )in
The PRINCE REC%Nit,iiitetols tto"
a few thtongh \Vorresicrsiiir°'°‘
%V* rtsi, , ,
Yesteitky.li:),;•;ti otter three tit', ift-tic,
J'itBl,l »cid art TH let trieaci•-a
'ell
trkrtt-
P dace, ‘ViT;sor. Th, proret (0.,1 to T"
hill ,!(-) the,,rvs;deoee of the Dokc toot 0"1:",(!E
OH LEANS, Where theythat 'No—
on to.‘‘'ilitlsnr.
The ntinthers tvere very great .110 111,,'60
queen's Palace and Ciirlton-flonse, foes' to
awl yesterday, It, IeAVV their names mid tetVeL
PE the QUEEN and PRrNCE "WWI, 1lie"of
marriage of „tin: Pthiccis 11.1altY and the Dth'c
GLatUCRSTItR.
•,ia Elt
Yesterday the CHANCELLOR of he v.% p -
entertained the wholeot,t-he Cabinet Plitt.'
with„a stthiptiions dinner, at his house in Pwci..

ing-street. -
The King and Queen of METHI`IS"ci
both .been indisposed for some tone iftv
By the Royal Ordinance, re:alive to th°
organization. of the French National Go4r4ri:try'
Frenchman bet4seen the ages ot tweritY
is bound to serve,':with "this proviso,
that those beyond the age or fit*, y are 0"li,";;',1
to serve in .the Sedentary Guard. The
Are chosen by the KING for five .years, "" 11"; I„{e
commendation of the Civil Power and the "'silo
of this great national force is placed 'mar'
constitutional cuntroul of the 111iitiater "e

tenor.
In contradiction to recent °commis, 541,111 g
that Paris ,tea', crowfled with English IliliP".-1l
letter of the 19th inst, says-1, The nuinbcri
o►
g
English in Paris is considerably Icss until t
the last year ; find there are, I understand,
• few strangers of any other enttiaiy. The
as fir
and
as lhai7„yi;i
ttbiztla tisit).lye ~.
in is in
i
13
It is t•llid that the most fashionable tron"n
the circle of the French Court. is Madan"'
Rum:: Her Her great weal h, high favour tilt
and personal charms,
,have, it is' o d
dd,, driovl
round her a multitude of admiresi, and tin' 1553
to have rejected Marshal bersio''',''",
was tdri steady.
e'eg
d
6ir Wst. Buttaouons.-has, it is said, discov-I
site,a new and easy mode of finding the loogil6"-i
sea mid on land, 'hob a observed allitude of We,
n it.
moon's enlightened taken about
'11"re: (r,
font hours before Or after her pass ing•the oirriOoro*
He practised' it, as report Hutch, dorini3-16, 13
voyage from Judie with cionfrlete succes-s:
The remains of the rite vtirerable Disucr
[SANDAFP were interred the parish don'cl)t,::,.
mli~iles*, on: the banks' of Windermere, OP u
''`lrdeti
day se'unighti. His Lordship's, crimes l'rei.".ibe
the hearse,
_and the procession was r.:! 4 011 re.
carriages of a number Of families L., tbo „)(1
!Peclahilifv, amongst whom were, the 110/7e.
Aitenattp WitsoN, son of the deceased ric 3.t0,1
A number of clergymen attended in full robes,"
the 'scene was highlylittpressive. ,• mad
DREADFUL. AccioaSlT.—By some tutiori'l
hecident, the powdui-mills Uonuslow-I,;ir.
Weiv up with a'ronst dreadful' explosion nu I"his
day eyening. One man of the name Of ich,%,,
Colli:ighttlfitVell was killed, mid nyer4l °1'.17 '
were desperately wounded,

r

II I I)

'l'oll'l',4llVT4l, 31.11:Y -.:4.—Arrived Majesty•s
• Pqrester from Jamaica, and theYictoria
"transitort from Gi4r4.ltqr. Salle(' Lord. Ex-
latouttrs squadron, .oonsisting of the following
• viz.--Qneen charlotte, Minden, tivcla,
•
Infernal,Cordclia, pritotnart, Severn, Cad-
Pius, Dover, *Thamvs, Jaseur, ,Also s.tiletl his
Majesty's ship Dee ,for nalifax „and his I..lttjestY's
slip Peruvian for Ply'montli.—‘yinq S. S. E..

PeAL, Jut,v 23.—Arrived,
,aild sailed for the
River, the Thetis, NMI the Union, Tivi.on, from
Jamaica, and the Asp from the South
(Seas,—
Came down from the River the Rebecca, for
the South Seas ; Perseverance, for (:)fiebee; and
the Cora, for St. Thomas's : the two latter have
17,9:..f1 with the whole of the outward-hound.—
Wind South.
PLYMOUTH, j'll.? 23,—Arrived the Junon
gate from Jamaica Roc! the HavAnnah ; 24 days
from the latter place.--Wind

FALMOUTH, JULY 22,—Arrived the Lord $1;17
month packet with a mail from the Brazils, in 43
days,—Wind W. to S.
HARrocit, JULY' 24.---Sallerl the Prince of
Orange packet for Holland, and the Auckland
racket for Cuxhaven:—Wind West.
GRAVESEND, JULY 24:--Arrived his Majesty's
ship Variable, SYKES, front Jamaica ; Norfolk,
SAYERS, feolll St. Vincent's ; Active, DIAL. froui
Africa ; Eleanor, Wise, front St. Lucia;--Sailed
the Cumuli, CANNY, ,for Rotterdam ; Factor,
MALcom, tot New York ; Zemibia, PELLY, for
Fort William ; Greenwell, HUNT,. for MQP""
BAcuRLoR, for Cork ; Danube, Sic-
Pnewsoe, for Hamburgh ; Hercules, Russet, for
; Endeavour, PARRY, for Bremen ;
JAMESON, for Pillan.

LORD EXMOU TH'S EXPEDITION.

LETTER FROM AN OFFICER.

Nis Majesty's ship Albion, Spithead, July 00, 1816.

" We hare been beating about in the Channel
for the last week against heavy gales of wind, and
arrived here yesterday. We are to-be one of the '
ships employed in the holy war, or crusade, to
Proceed against the infidels of Algiers, to abo-
lish Christian slavery, and to chastise those
barbarians - for the outrages they have
Mitred in the Mediterranean. The force is to
consist of five line-of-battle ships (two of them
Tbree-deckers), several heavy - frigates, sloops,
fire.stOps, bomb-vessels, socket-boats, &e, be.
sid s all the. dread of instruments of destruction
for a regular siege. I was at_ Algiers last summer;. it
itd a very extensive place; the city contains upwards
of 1 UO.OOO iohabitants, the streets.are very narrow,
}nightie houses (which are ot wood) are connected
to thoSe on the opposite side of the street by large
hvions which run across, so that if a few of Olir Con!
gre'vv. rockets get amongst them, the conflagration
.
s"oti he general. la he town is defended by
nearly 1000 pieces of cannon, and in some places
-14 e rimparts are ornamented by the heads of Chtis,
thins stuck upon long pikes. If they do not
.agree
t° our terms, the principal of which is the aboll-
ti" of Christidaslavery, we are ,to attack them,
anti b6lll and destroy their towns and shipping.
We expect to have some fightint4, for the Al-
arc! not like European Nations; they will
fOtt to the last, as they aretanght by their reli-
gion that if they fall hi battle against Christians,
they are Sure to go to [leaven.
, 6 As soon as every thing is settled! Lard Ex-
!fooTH returns to England, and we remain in the
I\liediterrimrieast as flag-ship of Admiral PEN rtese.
__
tere is a vessel now along-side with 4000 can.
non-shot for us."

•
Tile nine convicted Ely Rioters whose pen.
tense of death has .been remitted, were expected
to be only imprisoned for a twelvemonth ; bitt
this expectation appears to have been erroneous,
a' they have been removed to the Nore, for the
POrpose of being transported for seven yeara.—
81 nine of the inhabitants have entered into a rest).
to Wet cede with Government in their be:-
We are assured, that the revere examples
teeently made have produced the 'happiest effects
11► the Lyle of Ely. The lower classes seemed to
have felt the oecessity of. them, and to be duly
sensible of the lenity shown to those whose lives
n ,4t'e been spared. in the town of-Littleport, it
4 stated, that a reformutioo of manners is plainly
discernible among those who were engagstl in the
ate riots.
The detachments of the 6th battalion of the
%It Regiment, lately sent out to Jamaica, are
,'rationed at Kingston, Falmouth, and Maroon
11{two. The detachments of the Yurk Light In-
a"tt'y Volunteers, recently stationed at these
.Psts, ts ere embin keit .on buard'the saute ships fur
V4116111(1.
• AhUllt' three o'clock on Monday morning last,
sloop, with a yellow paint stroke, was.ob-
rvtd,two miles off Fowl's.heugh, near Stone-
avert, standing off on the starboard tack, under a
41Pottle reefed .new main-sail and jib, and in the
act -r
act t iii; the fore-sail immediately upset.--
4. " m
'ee en, one!bf .them partly nuthessed, were
snecessively'to,get on the broadside of the
‘,"el.. as she lay ivitit the rigging and sails in the
..""ri tutu one of :them repeatedly waved his bat,
uj'a
."igltal of thuiv extreme distress, to the sloop
tld,eo6t, (Igo. MAIN, of' Aberdeen, ;lien within
1,71-,' Mile to whithvani ; but, from the strong
I.,"th-easteily wind and heavy sea, it was deemed
.‘,Viossible to render then) all? assistance) and the
;‘,ll-I''[ soon after disappeared, coniittnlog the
46t)rt"otite suffercrs to a watery graves . Part of
l week Jias sines been cast ashore ON the coast,
•tlfe4lBt°l4l,sevett, and a boat marked on the Mtn
17"." rlOtte 01 13urigi414nd,"
-.I
