THE CHARTISTS IN IRELAND.

( From the Dublin Evening Post.)
We need not say with what pleasure we publish the
following letter from Mr. O'Connell—and, we shall
only add—though that indeed appears unnecessary—
that he has done full justice to the good sense and
honest determination of his Constituents in rejecting the
advances of the English incendiaries with scorn and
contumely :

" London, 15th August, 1839.
" My Dear Ray— I read with great pleasure the ac-
count of the defeat of the Chartists by the honest and
sensible men of Dublin. It makes me proud to be the
representive of such rational and honest people. The
Chartists are the best allies of the Tories, and of
the asscrtors of despotic power, because they—
the Chartists—drive from the support of the popular
cause all the timid, almost all the wealthy, and very
many of the middle classes. They convert into ene-
mies, by their foolish hostility, all the commercial and
manufacturing classes ; their secret confederacy--for
they have lately formed a secret society—is clearly ille-
gal ; whilst their avowed mode of struggling for the
objects they seek, does, with equal clearness, involve
them in the guilt of high treason. I cannot well en-
tertain a doubt that some of their leaders are in the pay
of the Conservative Faction ; they could scarcely be at
the same time so foolish and so wicked as they are, un-
less they were actuated by mercenary motives.
It seems perfectly clear, that the cause of rational
reform would have made a progress in Great Britain but
for the interruption which all rational attempts for re-
form met with from Chartist violence and folly.
The Chartists have not only disgusted and dis-
heartened the honest and moderate Reformers,
but they have actually obtruded themselves upon
public meetings, and exercised the odious tyranny of
preventing all those who did not come to the mark of
Chartism from holding public meetings and from ex-
pressing their opinions. This is despotism of the worst
kind, and, in plain truth, the object of the Chartist
jA4rerA,ip Lo establish intheworkinclassesan absolute
doMinion which would necessarily exhibit itself in mur-
der, and massacre, and speedily terminate in wretched
anarchy.

The state of the franchise in England is so obviously
liable to the well-founded imputation of injustice, that
it could not be permitted to continue but for the alarm
and disgust created by the vile arts of the Chart;st
leaders. Only nineteen out of every one hundred of
the male adult population of England enjoy the elec-
tive franchise. It is so unjust that eighty-one out of
every hundred Englishmen should be deprived of the
right of voting, that if honest and peaceable Reformers
were suffered to manage the cause of reform, and to place
this glaring fact soberly, and therefore powerfully, before
the public, it would be impossible to persevere in so
odious an exclusion, and so insulting an injustice. The
existence of a " slave class" is thus established. Why
should a slave class, amounting to four-fifths of the
people, be tolerated in patience? It is a disgrace to Eng-
lishmen to have 81 out of every 100 degraded into real
and practical slavery. Why should a master class of
19 be allowed to domineer over a slave class of 81—
English slaves ! How base, how stupid ; but this base
stupidity would be soon removed but for the language
and the acts of the Chartist leaders, who, not content
with reform, really seek a sanguinary revolution.
In Ireland, Chartism, in its mildest form, is a crimi-
nal offence, punishable by law. The Chartists have
their Convention of Delegates. Noah, any connexion
with any such Convention is an indictable offence in
Ireland. Any men who were duped to join the English
Delegates are liable to be prosecuted, and so are the
English Delegates themselves. In Ireland Chartism is
altogether illegal.

Again I beg to thank my honest and intelligent country-
men, who have bearded the English Chartists and defeated
them even without any co-operation from me ; I am
doubly obliged to them for having gained this battle
even before they consulted me.
The Chartist attempt in Ireland was a very wicked
one—wicked towards the Government, and doubly
wicked towards the people. Believe me, the object was
to mix the agitation of the repeal with crime.
The repeal is, I believe, the only resource of the Irish
people. Every day makes me more and more convinced
that there is not the least hope of justice for Ireland
from the British Parliament. Every day more and more
convinces me that the only resource of Ireland is the
restoration of her domestic Parliament. The Tories
and the Whigs equally feel that the time is advancing
fast when the peaceable but continuous cry for repedl
must inevitably be raised. Well, at such a moment as
this, the infatuated Chartists, and their treacherous lead-
ers, endeavour to prevent the peaceful exertions for
repeal. They first seek to establish a criminal society,
under the pretence of seeking repeal ; and, secondly,
they load the repeal question with that of universal
suffrage, as if there were not quite a sufficient number of
enemies to the repeal, without volunteerieg to add to
these enemies all who could not agree to universal
suffrage.

For my part, I will, I hope, be in Dublin within one
fortnight or three weeks ; and in the meantime, I will
address my constituents upon the present aspect of
public affairs, and upon the best means of looking for
the repeal, without alarming any well-founded appre-
hensions, or creating any species of commotion.
Faithfully yours,
DANIEL O'CONNELL.

T. M. Ray, Esq.

LARGE COAL.—A large piece of coal, weigh-
ing 17 cwt., was lately got at tits, new pit of Messrs.
Micklethwaite and Co., in Newtown, near Wakefield. It
was six feet and a half in length, thirty-two inches in
breadth, and twenty-one inches deep.
Some time ago, Mr. John Auburn, of
,Lipwood
Well, near Hayden Bridge, lost a gold seal from his watch
chain. The identical seal was last week found deposited
in the stomach of a duck which had been tempted to swal-
low the glittering prize.—Sunderland _Herald.
EXTENSIVE SEIZURE.—On Wednesday last,
the schooner Swift, of London, Robert Mitchell, mas.
ter, which was lying in our river, was seized by
the officers of her Majesty's Customs, for having 19-4
bales of manufactured tobacco, weighing two tons and a
half; three bales of snuff; and 67 bales of nux vomica
The captain, together with his wife, sister, and two.
examination before The
children, and one of the crew were lodged in jail.
c uu
ps t ofdeyr
examiof the officers. The
vesselprison errsemwaililnsbe
broughti
intie
Borough Magistrates on Monday next.—
HORSE STRANGLED.—On Ti tn.
-airway morn-
ing week, Mr. Brown, of Epworth Jr
year old horse, under the followir > lost a valuable three-
was returning home from Nv% ig circumstances :—lle
th .
coals ,cameand on coming:, out of ,hweith a waggon laden with
away in ems- with the the town, town, the horses ran
wall of a bridge, and the
horse in question was thrown over with its head down-
"7:l3, where it remained for some
not being able to re-
time, held fast by the
traces, and the persons in attendance
lease it from; :
:.
its
satiate.
Sh. en taken down shortly
afterwards it was found 11.
\
to be quite dead.—Leeds Intelli-
gencer.

GRIM. CON.--TAYLOR V. BOYLE.
This action was brought by the plaintiff, Mr. William
Taylor, a paint and colour manufacturer, carrying ox
business in Whitechapel in this town, to recover compen-
sation in damages front the defendant, Mr. James Boyle,
of the Liverpool Customs, for a criminal connection with
his wife.
Mr. Creswell and Mr. Venables for the plaintiff, and
Mr. Murphy for the defendant.
Mr. CRESWELL stated the case for the plaintiff. The
present action, he stased, was one of a very serious kind,
one in which the seductive influence of the defendant had
deprived the husband of the company of 1 is wife, ar,d five
young children of their mother. Mr. Taylor, the plaintiff,
curial on a respectable business as a colour manufacturer,
in Whitechapel. In 1829 he married a lady in Birm:r.g.
ham, and after basing resided there a number of years, he
came to Liverpool. His residence was in Toxteth-park
his place of business in Whitechapel. Mr. Boy le was in the
Custom-house, and eas in the receipt of a salary of 2001. a-
year. In 1838, Mr. Boyle was admitted into the house of
Mr. Taylor as a lodger. Between the time of her marriage
in 1829, and the spring of last year, Mrs. Taylor had borne
her husband five children, at least it might be supposed
that they were the children of her husband, for until then
there had not been the slightest imputation on her character.
Mr. Boyle rernsined in the housc of Mr. Taylcr for three
months, during which time, as the plaintiff was necessarily
absent a good deal on business, the defendant made use of
the opportunity to ingratiate himself with Mrs. Taylor, and
to withdraw her affections from her husband. After having
remained there three months, he went away; but he sub-
sequently called several times, under the excuse of obtain.
ing lodgings for a friend, though the excuse was little called
for, as the husband was away. Such was the fact, however,
that he did go there, and remained generally an hour or
two, shut up in a room with Mrs. Taylor. On those
occasions the children were put out, and theiervants had
instructions not to let them go and plague her when silo
had visitors. It might well be fancied there was no proper
motive for those visits, when the children were thus
sedulously excluded. The husband remained in ignorance
of all this for many months, and the intercourse was
uninterrupted for a very long period. Mr. Taylor
afterwards went and resided at his place of business, in
Whitechapel. He had not been there long when his atten-
tion was attracted by seeing Boyle so often in the neigh-
bourhood, and making further observatio,ns he detected
him in making signs to his wife. This asStured him (Mr.
Taylor) that something improper was going on. He con-
sequently questioned the servant girl, and ascertained horn
her that the defendant bad been there very often, that she
had carried notes to him from Mrs. Taylor and answers
back, and that generally on the same day Boyle paid a
visit to the house. The plaintiff, as might well be sup-
posed, was much distressed at this, more especially as he
had grievous suspicions, and could not be certain that they
were well founded. If there was one state more full of
anxiety and torture than another, it was where a husband
had suspicions of the honesty and chastity of his wife, and
was not able to bring the offence home to her. A circum-
stance, however, happened in the month of May in this
year, which tended to set the matter in a clearer but a
most painful light. The servant girl, who had been
spoken to, placed in the hands of Mr. Taylor a note from
his wife to Mr. Boyle. It was as follows:—." Dear Boyle
—Be firm. lam afraid we are betrayed. For heaven's
sake, meet me at four o'clock precisely this afternoon
in St. John's Market. For mercy's sake, protect
me, if occasion requires. This may alarm you, but oh,
meet me." What construction collie] he put on this but
that a criminal connection had taken place between the
parties ? Mr. T. took a copy of the note, sealed it again,
and delivered it to the servant, who took it to th defen-
dant. In due time the answer was received, and that was
also carried to Mr. T. It ran thus :—" I kre-v all about
it, and will be there at the time you mentioned." Having
likewise taken a copy of that, the original was sent for-
ward to Mrs. Taylor, and a person was directed to watgla
at the market, with instructions, when he had seen the
parties meet, to go for Mr. Taylor and a friend of his
named Guy, to whom he had confided the affair. That
person saw them meet, but he thought that if he returned
to tell the husband they might possibly be gone away
before he could return. He, therefore, staid and watched
their motions. They shortly left the market ; he fol-
lowed them, and after making many turns and twist-
ings they at last went into a house, No. 7, Pilgrim-street,
kept by a man named M'lntyre, and well known to
the police as a house of ill-fame. Now, taking
this in connection with the other circumstances men-
tioned, who could entertain the slightest doubt that
they went there for the purpose of a criminal inter-
course? To what, then, was the plaintiff entitled? Com-
pensation for the injury could not be made in money, and
yet that was all that the law allowed. It was impossible for
a husband to be always at home guarding the chastity of his
wife, and tlae husband's necessary absence had in this
instanoe been taken advantage of by the defendant.
Through his instrumentality she had become depraved.
If he had not only debauched her person, but her mind, and
induced her to sink herself so low in depravity as to enter
a house of ill fame, who was blameable? The defendant
assuredly ; and the jury, he felt convinced, would punish
him by the infliction of heavy damages.
Evidence having been given in proof of the facts as de-
tailed by the Learned Counsel,
Mr. MURPHY addressed the jury for the de%ndant, and
contended that, even if they should look upon the crimina-
lity of his client as proved, it was net a vase calling for the
infliction of heavy damages. These had been no proof given
of the manner in which the plaintiff had lived with his wife
during the two past years—there was no proof of any seduc-
tive arts on the part of the defendant, who was a young man,
in the heyday of youth.
The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff—Damages,
3001.

3a3.C;1:4

EFFECT OF MONOPOLY.
Table showing the ex-duty price of West India Sugar,
in Mi,:cing Lane, and comparing the same against that of
foreign sugars sold in the same market:—

London, August 17, 1839.
The Gazette of last night quotes the average Per Cyst.
price of British Plantation Muscovado Su-

gar, exclusive of duty, at
The actual quantity sold in the week ending the 6th
inst., on account of the importers, on which the allave
price is computed, consisted of 1,184 hhds., 102 trs., and
IIS barrels ; and not of 2,000 hhds. as estimated in the
Market.

Muscovado Sugar from the Manilla is worth this week
from 1 is. 6cl. to 225. per cwt. French Sugar from Gua-
deloupe (of which a cargo has just arrived direct), from
20s to 245. per cwt., other Foreign Sugars arc, according
to queity, of a corresponding value. All descriptions
being about 20s. per cwt. cheaper than West India Sugar.
The at rivals from the West Indies have again been large,
so that the statement of landings on Tuesday next will
announce the housing of as many'hhds. as were landed in
the week coding the 16th August, IS3B.
The stock of Sugar admissible to home consumption at
a duty of 245. per CA.• how e c eds the stock on hand at
this time last year by 10,000 tons—and if we compare the
present stock against the stock held in bond, in the mid-
dle of August 1'637, an increase in favour of 1839, of 30
per cent. will be apparent, nevertheless, the price is now
Bs. per cwt. mule than then.
It has been repeatedly shown that this favouritism to
West India interests costs the nation at least four millions
a-year, that is to say, the monopoly compels ui to pay an-
nually for West India sugar, coffee, rum, &c., four millions
more than the sum which would purchase tue same quantity
of the like articles raised elsewhere by free labour and
of a superior quality. As though the huge fraud
which has, for ages past, been vigorously practised against
our pockets were not in itself a sufficient measure of
colonial wickedness, we have the mortification, to knots
that this very money of which we are swindled operates as
an incentive to the most revolting acts of cruelty in the
West Indies; for a confirmation of the truth of this remark
we request the public to read the official corresponderAre
relative to the treatment of the Hill Coolies, and of other
labourers who have been introduced into 13, itish Guiana,
recently presented to l'arliomeut by her Majesty's Com-
mand. The facts recorded in this document supply one
melancholy proof—and the Slave Trade another—of the
dreadful and abominable crimes into which man is betrayed
by inordinate cupidity—in the first case, this cupidity is
stimulated by Government favouritism to West India
Interests!!

BRISTOL SUGAR-MARKET, AUG. 16.
Sugars continue very firm, and the sales rather extensive.
The present high prices is an anomaly not easily expli-
cable ; it is true, the import has fallen off, hut so have the
deliveries to the extent of 15,900 hhds. and 02,.400 mats.
since the Ist of April, in consequence of which, although
we have received fewer sugars from. the West Indies, the
stock on hand, including East Indies, is very considerably
larger than last year, and the average price 9s. per cwt.
higher. The comparison with 1'337 is still more striking,
being a surplus of 6,000 hhds. and 51,600 mats, besides a
they
reduced
circumstances
large quantity of East Indl.et, and prices 12s. per cwt.
I,li'hned re t w
hiia ty h a
asr•e e e
c o n
f pe rs
re
is:
op
higher than they then were. The state of the money.
market should also be talc'en into account in this calcula-
lion, a
severalft oi operating rshi
shillings
looi
nrrdgeistnaaiprnye•
rsu
t .iry.g,
rss t.
slat, t..s
a would
beyond our ability tv comprehend or 0 p urtray. All rea-
soning upon this stibject would
leadto the conclusion that
they should be considerably
lower,
until increased con-
sumption had l'essened the stock to something like specula-
tive limits.—Nerettry.
C. Easther
n
Cambridge, has been
,sq., 8.A., of St. John's College,
s
presented to the Second Mamership
of Richmond School, Yorkshire.—Sunderland Herald.
A female infant
month_child, apparently about sixteen
Old •
, v,as brought into the house of Mr. Gregory, in
Waltler-lane, Derby,
on Monday morning about even
o'clock, and left there, The person who left it was a man
of low stature, and appeared to be a travelling pedlar of
shout 40 years of age.—Derbyshire Chronicle.
THE SACRED MONTH.—So far as Sunderlard
is concerned, we do not believe that twenty men obe:,ed
the order of Council to abstain from labour. In some
few of the collieries a part of the men struck for a day or
two; but from no quarter do we bear of anything like the
general and simultaneous cessation from ordinary occupa-
tion, which was to precipitate a social revolutieet.i.—Sun-
derland Herald.
THE MARCH OF DRUNKENNESS.--.-011 Sae
turday last, during the hearing of a case of assault before
the Magistrates at Lambeth-street Police Office, a wet
dressed young female, the wife oia mechanic, was called
as a witness, and in her evidence she declared t'bat every
person in the house at the time the alleged assault took place
was intoxicated, and in the most unblushing manner said,
that herself and the landlady in the course or the evening
had four pots of ale and half a pint of gin.. One of the
Magistrates retnarked that this was a tolerable allowance,
while the other commented on the disgrat:eful propensity,
particularil on the part of females, to drink, and the wan
of con'inon decency on the part of a •
ltness apparent
so decent, in acknowledging her scandalous excesses.'

LIVENI_NOr EDITION.

THE NEW NOVEL.
Now ready at all the Libraries,olnl33lls.T
111_ Rols:-THGE?)AI\t,
SEO;SCHCARLES 11. lER
Henry Colburn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.

Now ready, in 1 vol. aro., price Las. bound, containing as
much matter as two ordinary octavo.,
- -

MR. -DARWIN'S JOURNAL
OF RESEARCHES INTO THE

GEOLOGY AND NATURAL HISTORY,
Of the various Countries visited by her Majesty's Ship Beagle,
urvler ithe Command of Captain. Fitzroy, R.N., from
18.32 to 1836.

" Mr. Darwin's Journal contains many valuable contribu-
tions to science. I cannot help considering his voyage round
the world as one of the most important events for geology which
has occurred for many years. "—Mr. Whewell—Addresss to the
Geological Society.
Henry Colburn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.

1S Majesty the KING of PRUSSIA,
having AUTHORISED and GUARANTEED
DISTRIBUTIONS of MONEY PREMIUMS, which
(though they are NO LOTTEP.IES), offer many possi-
bilities of obtaining
LARGE FORTUNES,
HEINE BROTHERS at HASIBURGH,
are NOW SELLING SHARES for the said DISTRIBU.
TIONS. Persons desirous to purchase may receive, PREVI-
OUS to giving any order, the PROSPECTUS and PAR•
TICULARS, upon addressing, WITHOUT DELAY, a
line to
HEINE BROTHERS at HAMBURGH.
P.S. THE NEXT DISTRIBUTION contains Portions
from NINE POUNDS TEN SHILLINGS and upwards,
to TEN THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED POUNDS.
A RISE IN THE PRICE of the SHARES for the
NEXT DISTRIBUTION will very soon take place, there
being only few of them on hand, and nearly all cleared off.

ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.
TO-NIGHT (TUESDAY)
Will be produced an entirely new and original Nautical Drama
of intense interest and embracing effects of the most startling
description, entitled
BEN'BOATSWAIN ; Or, SAILOR'S SWEETHEARTS.
Ben Bowling, Mr. T. P. Cooke.
After which the popular Drama of
BLACK-EYED SUSI iaAN!M OR,
, ALL IN THE DOWNS.
Wilm, r. TP. Cooke.
To conclude with, every Evening, the Old English Drama of
THE LADYE' OF LAMBYTHE.
Eva, Mrs. Vining. Katherine, Miss Grant.
Lucie, Miss Martin.
Walter More, Mr. E. F. Saville. Wilbert, Mr. Dale.
John the Jester, Mr. Smith.

ROYAL SURREY ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.
Under her MAJESTY'S IMMEDIATE PATRONAGE.
On MONDAY, TUESDAY, and THURSDAY,
Arts. 19th, 20th, and 22d.

GRAND PROMENADES MUSICALES ET CHAM-
PETRES,
By the unrivalled Rand of this Establishment,
Conducted by Mr. Godfrey.
Exhibition of the Wonderfully-intense and beautiful new Light
KONIA PHOSTIC,
Under the superintendence of Mr. 11. Carter.
And the ERUPTION of MOUNT HECL A.
Admission One Shilling,
Feeding Hour Five.o'Clock—Concert at Six.
In compliance with the incessant requests to secure places
for viewing the Eruption a number of reserved seats have
been erected, which may be engaged by previous application at
the Walworth entrance.

RAILWAY COMMUNICATION

AND
LATE NEWS.

NOTICE.—In consequence of the increased faci-
lities daily afforded by the Extension of Rail-
way Communications to the principal Cities,
Towns, and most populous parts of the
Country,—and in accordance with the wishes
Af various Commercial News-rooms, Clubs,
and others—
