,LEICESTER ASSIZES, MARCH 23.

Sarah Smith, a married woman, aged twenty-eight
years,years,was charged with the wilful murder of Elizabeth
"e°d, by administering arsenic to her, at Mountsurrel, in
tide cuunty.
Mr. Hamlet Vernon, surgeon, deposed that he was
called
s upon to attend the deceased on the 9th of December,
Was then in an ailing state at the house of the priso-
ner, at Mountsorrell. She was most seriously unwell; he
attended her several days, and she appeared to be getting
better. On Tuesday, the 12th of December, he called and
found the deceased in tears—he asked the reason, and ti e
Prisoner said it was on account of her sister having caled
and asked, who, if she died, was to have her clothes. On
the following morning the prisoner called on him, and
said. the deceased had been very sick at stomach. He
called to see the deceased about dinner time on that (lay,
whet' be was toll by the prisoner that the sisters of
the deceased were coming to demand her clothes
by force, and she wished him to remain, but he
declined. The prisoner took a little square parcel
out of her pocket, and handed it to witness, say-
ing she had bought it of Mr. Simpson to poison rats,
and asked him how she had best mix it; and whether
she ought not toneix it with wet oatmeal. Witness ad-
vised instead, that she should mix it with bread crumbs,
and at her request he opened the paper at one end and
sprinkled some of its contents, which was arsenic, among
some crumbs in a saucer; he afterwards re-fastened the
paper and left it in the saucer. The prisoner seeing the
little he had used, said L, Dear me, will that poison rats?"
and he replied that it would. The prisoner said, she had
paid a penny for the packet. He called again about seven
o'clock in the evening, and then found the deceased in bed,
quite insensible and fast sinking; he left the room at the
request of the prisoner, and on his return to it a few
minutes afterwards the poor girl was dead ; on his going
down stairs, the prisoner said " Dear toe, I would not have
had it, happen at my house if it were ever so, the people
are apt to say such things." The prisoner's husband re-
plied, " If you have dune no harm, you need not mind
what the people say." Witness remained below with
them some little time, and in the course of it, the pri-
soner's husband. went to the cupboard for an ale glass, and
took out a phial, and asked his wife what she had got
there ; she replied, it is laudanum ; I bought it of Simp-
son, for I did not like to ask for arsenic alone. In reply
to a queetiou from witness, she said she bail bought six-
pennyworth ; he never prescribed laudanum for the de-
ce (sed, but the prisoner told bins that she had once given
her some, and he replied, she had done very wroug.
When he was before the Coroner, the packet from which
be had spriakied the arsenic was produced, it was mate-
rially diminished ;he had left about three-fourths of an
ounce, and it was nearly all gone.
Mary Ann Wood, an intelligent little girl, twelve years
old, deposed that she was fetched by the prisoner from
Loughborough on the 10th of December to attend her
sister. On the Wednesday morning the prisoner gave what
she said was medicine to the deceased. There was a sedi-
ment left in the cup, which the prisoner stirred u p, and
made her take, saying it would do her the most goo and
she might as well not take any if she did not take the'.
After swallowing it her sister complained of great heat in
her stomach. The prisoner then went down stairs and
5 witne
07. es accompanied her, and saw her wash the cup and
1)

The case Was clearly brought home to the prisoner, and
the J
hurl y returned a verdict of Guilty.
her to he hanged on Monday
Te 0
eirned Jun
to oy, in an impressive address, sentenced
ill cases inurdtr, be dissected.
next, and her body, as usual

NVh eat
Barley
Oats
Rye
Pease
Beans
Maize or India❑

Corn
Buck Wheat
Beer or Bigg

Total of Corn andl
Grain

84,602 5

Cwts. qrs. lb.

Wheat Meal, or
Flour
Barley F10ur,.....,,,
Oatmeal
Rye Meal
Indian Meal

128,542 3 5

92 '2 4

Total of Meal and
Flour

•
-- -Few men, we suspect. have the courage to ask
_themselves what will the real state of this kingdom
-generally, if the Reform Bill be-ruined in the Lords'
committee. We have already more than hinted our
iiipPrebension that a spirit more than insurrectionary
-will display itself in every part of England,—that
is to say, that the people wilt throw off the restraint
of the laws. But what will -be-the state of the le-
gislative power itself ? Why, it ii.threatened with
nothing short of dissolution.• This is not the case
of a turnpike bill, or even:of Eitillolic emancipation,
where,-ii• the -House of Lords suppressed the vote
-tif the Commons, yet- the-groat .bulk of the Protes-
tant-nation was a fortress upon which their anti-Ca-
tholic Lordships could fall back, and enjoy repose
and impunity. What can they-now retreat upon ?
Protestant and Catholic are equally roused upon
this great Reform principle. With regard to it, they
look upon the Lords as a sort of extraneous and in-
trusive power, which, so, far as popular feeling goes,
has tit) business to- meddle with the represen-
tatives of:: the people at all, much less to decide
-against the recorded sentiments of both the na-
iion. and the House of Commons, in what man-
mers.atid on what conditions the one shall dele-
4aceilie important trust of guarding the national
-property, and the other shall accept and execute it.
,t-We say that here, on such a vital question, any
_direct • eeintradietion. of . policy between the two'
branches of the Legislature, would amount to a dis-
solution of the Government; and that the Minister,
with, the King's prerogative at his disposal, offering
a natural and easy mode of averting so dreadful a
calamity, would be a direct party.to the overthrow
of the state, should he refuse to put in force that
lawful and effective instrument of political salvation.
Suppose that public convulsions should arise in any
part of England, as the too probable consequence of
a rejection or mutilation of this Bill by the Lords,
a Tory Government must he then in. power. A
Tory Government, then, in power, must recommend
to Parliament some new laws to strengthen the
hands of the. executive, and to put down the
people. The House of Lords will he ready enough
to back the Tory Government. But what course
will the Commons of England pursue in such a
crisis? Will the Commons, who' have pasted the
Bill in furtherance of the people's wishes, and of its
own convictions—will that House of Commons
join the TM-y enemy in his hostile measures against
the apression of popular feeling ? The question is
absurd. The House of. Commons, even as now con-
st ittited, would petition, remonstrate, resolie (Would
it stop there ?)against the system of the Tory Govern-
ment, and in favour of the excited and_ inexorable
nation. What next ? A dissolution and, new elec-
(ton, under the auspices of an anti-reforming Minis
ter, and in the teeth of a ,reforming people? No;
of such pliremy sit
.least we acquit the Administra-
tion that is to be. Why then in what do these
things -fall short of a dissolution of all Govern-
ment ? But in 'case of a' rejection of the Bill,
"We -doubt whether the =good and.upright King
will have the means' of forming any Adminis-
tration whatsoever.' "The Whigs thrOwn aside
by common consent as unutterably imbecile and
useless,— thee national - spirit revolting on other
grounds against the Tories --s-.'what will become of
our distressed and deserted" Sovereign? With the
two Houses of Parliament in direct and-open colli-
sion, and that, too, upon a question which compre-
hends the whole field of civil government,-,With the
two great parties which hitherto, by convention or
by sufferance, have been regarded as the only parties
whence the Crown could supply itself with confi-
dentieLconnsellers, fallen into universal disrepute,—
one, for consistency in bad principles, the other for
treachery to good ones,—is it, we ask, in the human
mind to conceive a position of the British empire
more fiightful, deplorable, or desperate ? The
remedy, if remedy there be,—the sole remedy,—
is one which history and reason combine to
'present to us under the most ominous aspect.
It is a temporary assumptiim of the affairs of
Government by the House of 'Commons, as in
that case the only unimpaired and efficient mem-
ber of the State. That such a prospect is
sufficiently terrible, no man in his senses will dis-
pute, with 'us. But where is the alternative ? No-
thing, as is fairly set down by our Correspondent,
who writes under the signature-of "An Alarmist"
—nothing but mob tyranny, or military tyranny,—
the- firebrand, or the sword; And who is responsible
for this violent death inflicted' upon our noblest in-
stitutions ? Even he, and none other than' !le, who
dares not or who wills not,. to save them. Heaven
forefend tliat such a man should exist—still more
that he should exist long enough to accomplish his
unhallowed labour!, As for .the childish boast that
the Bill*" is sure of being.read a second time," who
cares about that ?" What description of Bill' will it
be ere it arrive at the third reading ? , That is. the
question, and the single question about which any
true and honest Reformer now troubles himself to
inquire.—Times. rtnyi<,

The speech of Sir Rcbert Peel on Thursday night
was quite worthy of the half-way Politician. If he
had pursued his arguments to their legitimate conse-
quences, he would have travelled on to absolute
Monarchy. The same arguments by which he at-
tempted to prove that a defective representation
would be better than a correct representation, would
go to prove that the absence of all representation
would be still better than a defective representation.
He might as easily have gone the whole way as the
half. According to Sir Robert, a Parliament repre-
senting the people would be much more opposed to
improvement in our laws, than an unreformed Parlia-
ment—

" He denied that a popular representation would improve
the public jurisprudence. If they wanted the proof of hi.
opinion, let them look at the conduct that had lately been
pursued on the subject of the improvement of the laws of
our real property. A Ccuimi.sion had been appointed,
and a very Learned Gentleman had, adopting the ree,m-
mendation of the Commissioners, proposed a general Re-
gistration nil. Yet, although he was fully convinced of
the excellence of tte measure, it was opposed by a whole
host of Attorneys, no doubt with very honest intentions,
but expressing in their persons the popular disappro-
bation or it. Nay, more, be would venture to say, that
in a Reformed Parliament, the Hon. and Learned Member
for Stafford would Lind a greater oppo,ition to the measure
than he encountered at the present moment."
There can be no doubt that Louis the Fourteenth
and Leopold of Tuscany could effect changes in the
law much more easily than a Legislature acted on
by public opinion. It is much easier to convince
one man of good understanding than to convince a
whole people. I3ur we much question the position
assumed by Sir Robert, that a Reformed Parliament
would be more opposed to improvements in the law
than an unreformed Pailiament. A Reformed Par-
liament would contain fewer men returned on ac-
count of property alone, and more on account of
the possession of talents and habits of business.
The great obstacle to improvements in the law hi-
therto have been obstinacy, arising from ignorance
and indolence. The great opponents of Law Re•
form,, have always been opponents of all Reform.
the more aristocratical the Member, the more he
is disposed to let things remain as they are. lie
who cannot see his way, naturally stands still. The
obstinacy of the Tories is the natural offspring of
their ignorance. They will not make themselves
acquainted with any subject ; and they will rather
rub on with what is bad, than take a leap
in the dark. The House of Peers—a body of
legislators wholly irresponsible—have always been
trws• opposed to Judicial Reform. Energy of cha-

meter and industry must always, in the case of a
Man born to wealth and influence, he the excep-
tion and. not the rule; and it has been admitted by
Lord Harrowby, that all the distinguished Members
of the House' of Lords have been formed in the
CommotO. But the North American Union suffi-
ciently refutes Sir Roberta The different States have
been incessantly"occupied with Judicial Reforms;
and an excellent Judge, Mr. Parkes, of Liverpool,
has shown, in a volume published by him some time
ago, that; in the wav of Law Reform, they are an
age before us. In short, a Parliament influenced by
the Aristocracy, has all the cumbrousness of a po-
pular assembly, with-indolence and ignorance super-
added, and with little of the energy which is al-
ways found under a popular representation. But
Sir Robert supposes, that if we improve the repre-
sentation we shall lose the Lord knows -how many
amiable qualities now possessed by us.
He feared that, by the introduction of a-perpetual round
of elections, the whole peace of society would be forfeited, as
it was in the United States ; that the free and joyous, the
open and honest character of Englishmen would be con-
tractea and poisoned by the universal devotion of Leant
and mind to the means, and not to the end —(Cheers.)
And he could not avoid fancying that when, in after
times,_ some liberal and enlightened individual, sighing
-after tbe blessings svbich we now enjoyed, wouldhreathe
forth a 'bitter reproach .against those who had forfeited
far him his bright and precious inheritance.--:-(Cheers.)
• Adiiiititng the7princigii, :•-"sin highly Vainhaied, of demo-
cratic infitfenceadmitting" the conteritplited reductiOns
in the public expenditure; and the relief frciti-the burthen
of taxation--;admitting- all the tangible benefits which
were held forth to the„..public, would not that man say,
was it for this—for these—for all—.for all that could pos-
sibly come -to pass—that you- tintiancour into the breasts
of man where it had before no resting place?--(Loud
cheers.) -Was it foe this you disturbed the harmonious
action of that miteLLtiovernment which has saved ;the
treat problem of a Government in which security is blended
with liberty and power?—(Great cheering.) • . Was it for
this that you disorganised that ancient Monarchy which
united all that was estimable in the character " of the pre.,
sent age with all'thatwas useful in the daYs'of Feudalism?
--;-(Continued cheering.) -it for this that, by a
reckle-s innovation, you have subverted all our ancient—
all our cherished institutioni-4as it for this that you
disturbed that admirable- system;: of, manners which ad-
mitted of all distinctions, and which wit...accessible in all
its.ranksoteprived of :all .iuvidiousnesit; free from all re-
proach, because it opened an honourable path of ambition
to all men, and the most honourable that Could he in a
State, because less sordid than the accumulation of wealthi
Which constituted the onlY'rind the fleeting elevation which
could be secured in the other countries. Was it for
this you dissipated all those pleasing delusions that made
power gentle and obedience, light? Was it for this that
you destroyed, that time,honoured system of
.society,
which hirmonised all the gradations of life; which blended
_the security. and stability of the Monarchy with all the ad-
vantages of a popular. Government?—(Cheers.) _ Was it
for this that you subverted the domination of that religion
which was-pure in its doctrine and tolerant in-itsprinciple
—(Cheers)—and substituted for it all those conflicting
sects which have well nigh banished-, Ch4stianity from
'amongst-Ns; andleft little save her foul ashes--superstition.
--(Cheers.)'"
The English are an honest people, unquestionably,
-but theYrire nova joyous people; and it is matter
:a notoriety that the *different-classes are more es-
tranged from each other than in any other country.
On the part of the great there is a perfect horror of
the enjoyments of the people; their amusements
have everywhere been prescribed ; and Parson Ma-
gistrates—the toots of the Aristocracy—have carried
tyranny into every village: With the ascendancy
of the Tories, this separation, of the English into
cases has - grown up. No writer of our times
has received more general approbation for correct
observation and sound judgment than the late Mr.
Simond, whose Travels in England, Italy, And
Switzerland, are admirable productions. Mr. Si-
mond observes--

" That the people of Geneva are generally well-disposed
in favour of the English. But after the renewal of inter-
course at the peace, they observed, says "Mr. Simond,"
their former friends the English are so changed, that they
scarcely know them again. They used to be a plain
downright race, in whom a certain degree of sauvagerie
(oddity and shyness) only served to set off the advantages
of a highly cultivated understanding, of a liberal mind and
generous temper, which characterized them in general ;
their young men were often rather wild, but soon reformed,
and became like their fathers. Instead of this we see
(they say) a mixed assemblage, of whom lamentably few
possess any of those qualities we were wont to admire in
their predecessors ; their former shyness and reserve is
changed to disdain and rudeness. If you seek these modern.
English, they keep aloof, do not mix in conversation, and
seem to laugh at you ; their conduct, still mere strange
and unaccountable in regard to each other, is indicative of
contempt or suspicion ; studiously avoiding to exchange a
word, one would suppose they expect to find an adven-
turer in every individual of their own country, not parti-
cularly introduced, or at best a person beneath them. . . .
If they do not find a crowd, they are tired ; if you speak
of the old English you formerly knew, that was before
the flood ; if you talk of books, it is pedantry, and they
yawn."
It surely was not always thus, or the country would
not-have been called" Merry England." The same
M. Simond observes of a sheep-shearing in the
south of England : " The mirth and festivity of the
people here is quite calm, and a fete after their man-
ner might in Languedoc be mistaken for a funeral.
If the country people dance it is without elasticity,
vivacity, or ardour; if they sing, it is far worse."—
Prince Puckler, the latest observer of English so-
ciety, is still more severe. "No Brahman," he
says," can shrink with more horror from all con-
tact with a Pat ia, than an exclusive from intercout se
wi;li nobody.' Every class of society, as well
as every field in England, is separated from every
other by a hedge of thorns. Each has its Own
manners and terms of expression—its cant' lan-
guage, as it is called, and, above all, a supreme
and ab-olute contempt for all below it." Why is
it that this exclusive system has gained such a pre-
ponderance within the last thitty years ? Why,
but because in that time the Torres felt themselves
as they thought independent of the people, and
Aristocracy ventured at length to appear in all its
hideousness. The poison has at length pervaded the
whole system. When the aristocracy find that their
influence is dependent on the good opinion of others,
instead of separating themselves fann the people,
and living in a world of their own, they will be
obliged to display a kindliness of feeling towards
the people. The example will descend, and in time
Englishmen, instead of being what they are now,
separated into anti-social castes, will gradually re-
sume their tld hearty character. According to Sir
Robert Peel, the French Revolution ought to have
made the people less open, less social. Is this the
ca,e ? There is an excellent History of Florence from
1491 to 153], by Nardi, a Florentine citizen. Ac-
cording to this writer, an extension of the period for
which Magistrates were elected to five years, pro-
duced effects similar to what we witness in this
country. " This change from a short to a long
period corrupted very much the ways of nthe City,
because those who were once chosen, and obtained
the contmat.d of the public money became secure of
always obtaining
honours and offices, and became
negligent and careless in their behaviour." We
consider Sir Robert's facts assumed, anti his conclu-
sions from them lame and impotent. Monopoly is
not usually the parent of kindness and civility. The
grand secret for making men kind towards each other,
is to make them dependent on each other.—illorn-
ing Chronicle.

The debate upon Reform, which ended yesterday
morning in
the third reading of the Bill, was of
im-
portance principally as a prelude to that victorious
consummation. In the arguments on either side,
with the exception of one speech, there was but
little novelty. The thrice--nay
ten times—told

The distress of the West India interests is greatly
to be deplored, but it is not by refusing to ameliorate
the condition of their slaves that they will place
themselves in a situation to retrieve their lost pros-
perity. It is agreed upon all hands that slavery
cannot last for ever. Even the advocates of the
planters do not pretend to justify the continuance of
slavery upon principle. They talk of a compensa-
tion for the rights of property,._ which, as in other
questions of public policy involving considerations of
private interest, is matter for the Parliament to deal
with. They talk of the negro being in a state of mental
and moral degradation, which renders him unfit for
the enjoyment of the privileges of freedom ; but they
do not any longer contend that slavery is so good
a thing in itself, that the sable children of Africa
ought to consider themselves particularly fortu-
nate in being allowed to enjoy the paradise of West
India bondage for ever. If the day of peaceful eman-
cipation is to come at all, and the slave must be
raised in the scale of moral existence, in order to be
able to avail himself of it to his own advantage, it is
quite clear that a beginning cannot be too soon made
in that work of instruction and improvement which
will raise him out of the degradation in which a be-
ing of moral reason, and immortal destinies, like our
own, has been so long prostrated ;—a condition
which, like the " beast that perished)," he has
neither freedom of will, nor a property in his
own person or offspring ;—a condition in which
his only directing princle is terror—his only
stimulus to exertion the whip. The more de-
graded the West India planters represent their
slaves to be, both as to intellect and morals,
the more severely do they condemn their own autho-
rity, which could thus for ages have held human
beings in bondage, without imparting to them suffi-
cient moral and religious instruction to raise them
above the condition of the cattle of the field. Let
it nor be forgotten that it is now nine years since
Mr. Canning's resolutions were passed in the House
of Commons, to ensure, by judicious ameliorations
in the system of slavery, the gradual preparation of
the slave for a state of freedom. What has been
done towards carrying those resolutions into effect
in all that time? The answer to that question is
given in the statements of the slave-owners them-
selves, who describe the slaves of the present day
as still sunk in all that dreadful state of degradation
to which vicious laws, a government of terror, and
a total neglect of moral training, devote the hu-
man soul, whatever may be the colour of the
skin—in whatever degree of latitude the land
may lie which has given birth to the body
it inhabits. It is as much with a view to the
oenefit of the slave-owner as the slave that we
would wish to see Negro bondage at an end. Not
rashly or intemperately, indeed, would we have this
most desirable consummation brought about—but
we should like to see, without further delay, a be-
ginning made, by that gradual amelioration of the
state of slavery which alone can prevent the recur-
rence of those scenes of violence, of barbarism, and
blood, which at present devastate Jamaica, and is
the only way to bring about eventnally a peaceful
emancipation. While this is going on, our Govern-
ment
might do much to benefit our own colonists,
by taking effectual measures for the suppression of
the foreign slave trade. The Treaty lately made with
France, avowedly with that object, as it does note
concede the right to try and punish French subjects
out of France for smuggling slaves, will, we fear,
have no practical result.—Morning Herald.
The principal accusation now brought against the
West India colonists seems to be, that they have
opposed, or have at least been careless about, the
religious education of their dependents ; and to this
cause their adversaries mainly attribute the immense
sacrifice of life and property which has recently
taken place in Jamaica. A Parliamentary Paper,
printed during the present Session, supplies an an-
swer to this accusation. By the documeut we al-
lude to it appears, that the community of Jamaica
alone have, for a considerable period, expended in
stipendiary allowances to the regular Clergy, and in

maintainingfree schools and ether aharitable and
religious institutions, nearly fifty thousand pounds
per annum. Hundreds, of private individuals have
also established, at a considerable expense, school-
masters:and-caterhists for the instruction of their
immediate dependents, besides affording liberal
nations in money. and in land for the erection r,f
chapels and school-houses.. We may further Ili!'
leave to observe, that if, as seems to be indicated
in the dispatches. from Jamaica, some of the prin-
cipal incendiaries during the late rebellion were
" rulers" or elders in dissenting chapels, the rt ;•ent
outrages were not owing to any lack of that methoil
of religious teaching for which the sectarian's
so strenuously contend. We must therefore look
to other causes for the late unhappy events, and we
believe it is not difficult to discover them- It is a
matter of record that the planters have over and
over again entreated that before Government pro-
ceeded to legislate for the Sugar Colonies a full, fair
and impartial inquiry should be instituted into the
actual state and condition of the negroes, embracing
of course, the most safe and practical mode of in-
structing them. It seems difficult to discover any
just grounds for refusing this reasonable request. If,
instead of making rash and unstatesmenlike declara-
tions, Members of the Government had fairly and
substantially gone into this inquiry, and followed it
up by cautious, prudent, and suitable measures of le-
gislation, remedying any defects that might have
been discovered, the rash and ruinous order in Coun-
cil lately promulgated would never have been is=ited;
and, instead of the desolation which has been spread
over some of the fairest portions of Jamaica, progress-
ive improvement wonld have been gradually
going on; and the negro, instead of having had
his mind agitated by contradictory reports, and
his cottage and its surrounding comforts destroyed,
would now be cheerfully continuing to acquire those
moral and religious feelings, and those confirmed
habits of industry, without which freedom would be
a curse instead of a blessing. But Government de-
cided-dtherwise. Inquiry was denied. The negro
mind was; kept in a state of agitation by imprud at
party discussions about freedom ; and mark the
disastrous result. Millions of property have been
destroyed, many livei have been sacrificed, the
dwellings of both,masters and slaves have been con-
sumed, and it is impossible to foresee the extent of
the disorganization which is to be the result of these
calamities! In the course of these discussions the
Anti-Colonists were repeatedly warned against the
dangerous consequences of exciting undue expecta-
tions in the minds of the slaves, and the probability
of the occurrences which have recently taken place
were specially predicted. But Ministers do not yet
seem inclined to take warning by the past ; and it is
said that, instead of opposing Mr. Sowell Buxton's
intended motion for the immediate abolition of
slavery, they are to substitute, as an amendment, the
equally certain but more tedious mode of ruining
the colonists—namely, by refusing to mitigate their
present burthens, and by adding to them either- the
iutolerable weights: specified in the Order in
Council, or distinctive duties, as their equivalent.
We would entreat the true friends of humanity
and justice to consider well how they can improve
the condition of the slave if they ruin the planter;
in what manner they are to compensate the planter
for the loss of his property, and the manufacturer
and agriculturist at- home for the loss of an exten-
live market for their produce; how they are to
maintain the revenue, and keep faith with the public
creditor, if they wantonly destroy one of our main
sources of.:Wealth. And, in the language of an emi-
nent Statesman of the present day, we would ask
them to consider::" What would be the state of our
colonies supposing emancipation could immediately
be granted and compensation given ? All who were
able would leave the colony, having no inducement
to remain. There would be no link by which so-
ciety could be held together—there would be no
Magistracy—no power by which wrong could be
punished or right secured ; and the colonies would
present a scene of civil war, and a succession of
baibitrous conflicts, unmitigated by any of those
checks which, in the civilized portion of the world,
will always in some degree soften the horrors of the
fiercest party hostility." A consideration of these
circumstances should induce thinking people to de-
termine upon the justice and propriety of acting Call,
tiously, and to pause before they allow the headlong
abolitionists to proceed in the ruinous and irreme:
diable course which they seem determined to pups
sue.--Itforning Poit.
_4. rid ILI
