POLICE INTILLIGINCE

MANSION-HOUSE.—On Saturday last, three native'
of Sierra Leone appeared at the Mansion-house, to entreat
that the Lord Mayor would oblige the owners of the, shill
Elvira, a trader to the coast of Africa, to give them a pas 4
sage to their native country, in pursuance of the contract
entered into between the parties, the Africans having con 4
sented to navigate the ship to England from Sierra Leone;
upon the express condition that every facility should be af:l
forded them to return home. The applimnts are very abhi
men, such as it never would be supposed so horrible a eli4
mate could have produced. The Lord Mayor immediately
sent for the owners, and a conversation of some interest
took place upon the subject of the colony which Great
Britain has at length abandoned.
The Africans stated, that a mortality having, according
to the custom of the country, prevailed amongst the sailors
on board the Elvira, the Captain had engaged them upon
the usual terms ; amongst which was stipulated the very
important one of a return to their own country, to navi-
gate his ship. They were of the class of natives who
have been regularly trained to navigation, and whose
sole employment it is to fill up the places of the dead
on hoard English ships ; and the fact was, if such an
arrangement did not exist at Sierra Leone, it would be
very difficult for a single trading vessel to return, so des-
perate' and general were the ravages committed by the
pestilent vapours of the climate. The Africans did not
complain of ill-treatment upon the part of the owners ; on
the contrary, they had met with the utmost kindness, and
an offer had been made to convey them to die coast of,
Africa; but then the place at which they were to be
landed was at an immense distance from their native
country. This they considered a breach of contract. They
were most willing to work their passage back, but they
could not think of being set down at a place 1,400 or
1,500 miles from their wished-for destination.
The owner replied to this charge, that there 'never ex-
isted the slightest disposition upon the part of those con-
cerned with him to violate the contract. Any intention
of doing so would be doubly unjust towards the appli-
cants, who were most excellent seamen, and had per-
formed their duties during the voyage to the perfect satis-
faction of the Captain. There were difficulties, however,
in the way in sending them direct to Sierra Leone. Go-
vernment were removing the colony from Sierra Leone to
Fernando Po, which was considered more salubrious than
the former place; and the vessels, which were now going
out must sail for the new colony. lie believed that no
vessel was sailing for Sierra Leone, which would now be-
come of necessity a place of private trade. The delay,
however, to the Africans in reaching their native country
would not be considerable. He (the owner) had a vessel
which was now preparing to sail for Fernando Po with
provisions, and the moment she discharged her cargo at
the new colony she was engaged to go to Sierra Leone
for building materials, &c., which would be required at
Fernando Po for the accommodation of the troops and
civil authorities. The applicants would therefore have
an opportunity of visiting their native country without
much delay.
The LORD Mavoa said, that he had heard it was the
intention of Government to remove the colony to Fer-
nando Po, but he was not aware that the removal was
actually now taking place.
The owner said, that Government had determined to
make the experiment. The buildings were already in a
state of forwardness in the new settlement, and no doubt,
from the vigorous manner in which the works were
going forward, the removal would be very soon accom-
plished.
A gentleman who had been at Sierra Leone, and who
was acquainted with many who knew the climate of the
old and new settlements, said that from all he, could learn
the removal would not be attended with much advantage
to European constitutions. Besides the horrors of the
climate, the unfortunate persons who were obliged to accept
of occupations on that part of the coast, would have to en-
counter the danger attendant upon the sudden removal to
new buildings, and the other disadvantages with which the
formation of a new settlement was inevitably attended. He
begged leave to suggest to the Lord Mayor, the propriety
of making application to Mr. Macauley, who being a man
of great humanity, and who derived perhaps a greater profit
from the produoe of Sierra Leone than any other indi-
vidual, would in all probability he very happy to give the
Africans •a direct conveyance to their native country.
The owner said that he would most willingly pay for Abe
maintenance of the three. Africans on the passage, and ,re-
presented to them the propriety of making the election
which he had suggested, of going at once to Fernando Po.
The Africans were extremely reluctant to agree to the
proposition. Theiwould,, they said, ratber:than remain
at Fernando Po, Upon ttie mere chince of being conveyed
to Sierra Leone, work back to England, where their liberty
Was not at stake.
It was stated to them that the security of their persons
wonld not, of course, -be so undeniable at Sierra Leone
henceforward at it would be at Fernando Po, and that they
might judge between the two alternatives—native country,
with the possibility of slavery ; or strange country, where
they would enjoy all the privileges they had been accustomed
to without the remotest chance of abridgment.

The Africans shook their heads and said, " We want to
go to Sierra Leone. We want to go home."
The Loan MArot thought the proposition of the owner
a very'fair one, and advised the Africans to accept it,

A gentleman appeared to complain against the manage-
ment. of the Pasco Peruvian Mining Company, and pro-
duced several documents in proof of his charge.. The Lord
Mayor, however, perceived that be had no jurisdiction in
the case, and refused to interfere.

GUILDHALL.—Mr. • Mills, of Milk-street, a silk-
manufacturer, and a weaver named White, who had been
appointed to arbitrate in a dispute between •Messrs. Wilson
and Co., of Wood-•street, and a Journeyman named Richard
Preau, attended before Mr. Alderman KEY on Saturday,
they not having been able to agree to an award, and the
law giving the Magistrate" the task of hearing the points of
difference between them, and' deciding finally thereon.
The case was; that Preau had been employed to weave
125 yards of lavender. coloured silk, and, when he had
finished 63 'yards he carried it home, and 11 yards in va-
rious parts of the length were found to be damaged by the
fading of the colour. The master declared he should stop
30s. fbr this damage, and the man insisted that he ought
not, to be charged with it all, because it was the fault of
the dye. ,
SR. Mills now stated that.be considered the damage had
arisen front the neglect of the man, in not covering up from
the air the work (nearly two yards) between the two ends
of the loom, when he desisted for the night. Where he had
taken this precaution the hue was uniform; is one part
there were 18 yards succeeding each other quite perfect.
He estimated the damage at 205., though he was sure that
sum would not snake up the allowance Mr. Wilson must
make to the purchaser.
White, en the other hand, said that the dye, instead' of
being properly fixed, was, for cheapnesS,.merely blown on
as it were, and whenever it was exposed to damp air, the
bloom of the colour vanished. It was impossible to keep
out the dampness of the atmosphere in foggy or rainy wea-
ther by any covering; and the reason there were'lB yards
together quite perfect was, "that the " operative's " wife
had worked through the night while he was taking his
rest, so that the loom was continually going day andandnight,
Sunday. and week day. It was not fair to girve a man one
hundred, and odd yards of such work ; and; considering
the wretched wages given to the men, a very small, deduc-
tion for damages was, in fact, a very heavy infliction of
punishment. • The short fact; he said, was, that the colour
was not like that upon the butterfly's wing, that had na-
ture to support it, but was a' flying" colour, and he could
bring a cloud of witnesses to Ovear that thousands of yards
of such stuff were made, and similar defects were constantly
occurring; but other masters were more considerate than
to charge upon the operative the consequences of the foggy
weather, which was at least as much under the control of
the employer as the employed. Mr. Wilson 'was like Shy-
lock, who insisted on the penalty of his bond, when it
seemed fair, but was not honourable. So here, because
the damage had occurred while the stork was in the jour-
neyman's hands, Mr. W. would throw the ism ppou him.
The discussion lasted about an hour, after which, Mr.
Alderman KEY viewed the damage, and as there were 39
yards out of which it would be impossible to select a suffi-
cient number of yards together to make a lady's dress, and
as White had admitted that the damaged parts were not
worth as much by a shilling a yard as the perfect, the
worthy Magistrate fixed the allowance fou damage at 6d.
per yard.—The. award of 19s. 6d. damage was accordingly
made against the journeyman.
These disputes about "flying colours" are becoming fre.
quent, and by, and by, the
oomplaipts of the ladies on the
same subjedt wilt, no doubt, be very loud. •
130 W-STREET.—On Saturday, evening Mr. Griffin,
of the firm of Griffin and Co., silversmiths,- Leadenhall-
street, cattle to this office to give information of a fraud and
fjrgery thatlad lately been practised upon thern.
Mr. Griffin stated, ghat in the middle of the week before
last, an elderly 'respectable person, dressed in mourning;
came to, his shop to inquire if he had got any silVer forks of
the old King's pattern.' The person said he was commis-
sioned to make the inquiry by Af _curs. Hawley, silversmiths,
in the Strand, in employment he represented him-
self to be. Mr. Griffid not having any forks , by' him of
the pattern mentioned; told the stranger' that if he, would
call on the following' Saturday be would be able to show

him some. On Honday last the same Individual called and,
handed Mr. Griffin a letter: containing Messrs. Hawley's!
respects, and desiring that the bearer, a person in their em-,
ployment, should have the forks which he required without
delay, as they were wanted to forward by post to the count
try on that evening. Mr. Griffin accordingly placed beford
I
him several dozens of forks of the old 'King's pattern, an
the person selected one dozen, weighing 40 ounces, which
at the rate of 7s. 6d. per ounce, amounted to lbl. Th
individual, immediately on ascertaining the amount, took
from his pocket-book a cheque upon the banking-house o
Messrs. Ransom, which purported to be signed by Messrsi
Hawley, and filling up the blank for the sum which thit
forks came to, he tendered the cheque to Mr. Griffin, who
never doubting that he was in the employment of Messr '
Hawley, took it with as much confidence as if it were
Bank-note, and delivered the forks to the individual; wh
put them in his pocket and walked away. Mr. Griffis
kept the cheque by him until Friday last, when he passed it
in payment of a sum of money : when, however, it wait
offered for payment at Messrs. Ransom's, the answer re I
turned was, that the drawers of the cheque had no accoun
in their concern; An application being then made t
Messrs. Hawley, they declared the cheque to be a forgery,;
and disavowed any knowledge of the person who had as-.
sumed their name.
Mr. MrsrstruLt. told Mr. Griffin that he might, if hel
wished, have the assistance of the officers, if he thought,
that any efforts of theirs would lead to the apprehension of!
the swindler. At all events, the publication of the case, ifs
the reporters thought fit to publish it, would probably lead;
to the detection of the offenders.
Mr. Griffin said, he had no wish to incur the expence of
what would most probably prove to be a fruitless pursuit ;•
all he desired was, that the public should be on their guard,'
that such a fellow as he described was most likely carrying
on a system of fraud and forgery, ar example of which he:
had just explained.
John Jennings and Wm. Page, two athletic fellows:
employed as labourers by the. New River Company, were,
charged with desperately assaulting five officers of this
establishment, named Burchall, Duke, Fagan, C. Jones,,
and Grimwood, about half-past six o'clock on Saturday
evening, in Tottenham-court-road.
It appeared that the officers were going their rounds at
the time stated, when, upon passing tl New Inn public-
house, Tottenham-court-road, they heard some persons cry
out, " There go the pigs !" They took no notice, but
upon passing the same place again, the cry, of 4f. pigs" was
repeated by the two prisoners, one of whom Burchall struck
with his staff, in return for which he knocked down.
was .
The rest of the officers, upon coming up to .his assistance,
were beaten and knocked down also by the prisoners ; and
all of them, in stating the charge, exhibited some cut or
fracture to verify their statement. •
The prisoners denied that they had knowingly insulted
the officers. As to the cry of " pigs," it was not meant
to apply to them, but to some pigs that were actually pass-
ing at the time.
Mr. Mixsitutt, however, told the prisoners that they
must find good bail for the assault, and he accordingly di-
rected that Jennings, whose conduct was most outrageous,
should find two sureties in 501. each, and himself in a
surety of 1001., to answer the assault at the Sessions; and
that Page should find two sureties in 30/. each, and bind
himself in 601., to appear at the same place when called
upon.
Wm. Jones, the man whose apprehension on a charge
of felony we noticed last week, and against whom it appears
strong suspicions are entertained, as connecting him with
the late inhuman murder in Montagu-place,. will undergo
at this 'office, to-day, a public examination, touching his
connexion with that horrible event.

MARLBOROUGH-STREET.—On Satuiday, a. faun-
dress named' Marg retsp. 'residing at Fulham, was brought
before Mr. DYER, the Sitting Magistrate, under the fol-
lowing circumstances :
It appeared that theie is :a charitable institution for af-
fording annually a certain sum, as the merits of each case
may
,be considered to `deserve, towards the support of poor
hut decent widoWed females, the chief funds of which are
supplied from the bequest of a lady deceased ; and to this
charity the Rev. Mr. Williams, the rector of St.,George's,
Hanover-square, is at present secretary. One of the
claimants, it seems, to whom relief is allowed from this
bounty, is a Mrs. Margaret Moreland, a widow, residing
in the neighbourhood of, but not at, Fulham ; and last year
the letter written from Mr. Williams; by post, to Mrs.
Margaret Moreland, desiring that she 'might come to town
to receive her annual allowance of 10/., happened, bysome
error of the post, to fall into the hands of Mrs. Margrets,
the laundress, and this worthy dame, thinking that the 101.
would snit let jOI% -as well as. ,the person for whom it was
really intended, }meted up•to.town, waited' 'uxioiotk,,•Wj.l-
- with hii letter hi hand-,' afir.thiS'kentleman, lot
being well acquainied.Wiih the identity of Mrs.' Moreland's
person, paid the prisoner the 10/. intended for Mrs. More-
land. In a short time the real
.Mrs. Moreland, surprised
at not receiving her annual letter to attend, waited upon
Mr. Williams, and then for the first time the fraud was die-
covered. No cluewashad by which to trace out the im-
postor, until Mrs. Margrete, thinking no doubt that she had
by gOod luck dropped into a permanent annuity, Caine again
on Thursday morning to reteive this year's allowance, but
Mr. Williams, • knowing now that she' was not the real
Mrs. Margaret Moi'eland; sent for Ballard, the officer, and
gave her into custody,.
The prisoner, in hen defence, dee)ared that the letter she
received last year was pr9erly directed to her own name
and addreseand that as she was a poor widow she,really
thought the bounty was intended for himself.

Mr. DYER said that under, all the circumstances, it was
not, perhaps, very, improbable that the prisoner had acted
under some mistake, and Mr. Williams not wishing to
press the case farther against her, she was discharged on
her undertaking to repay the 101. she received last year by
monthly payments of 1/.
MARYLEBONE-OFFICE.—On Saturday, Prederiek
Debenham, a Kilburn Constable, was charged with assault-
ing Lydia Penfold.
The MAGISTRATE gave him a severe reprimand, and
ordered him to find bail.

On Saturday night Mr. G., late of Old Cavendish-
street, coach-maker, was charged; with having, by false
pretences, obtained from Mr. Robert Ashby, of Bugbrook,
in Northamptonshire, a quantity of ash timber, and coach-
felloes, stocks, and spokes.
The prisoner was also charged with having pawned some
spoons he borrowed of Mr. Emanuel, in Wigrnore-street.
He was sent to the New Prison, and is to be reexamined
on Tuesday.

HATTON-GARDEN.—On Friday evening a man of
the name of John Shorter, a notorious delinquent, was
brought up before Mr. Boozes, by Gower, a constable of
Somers-town, and put to the bar upon a charge .of uttering
forged notes of the Bank of England.
On Tuesday, the 15th inst. the prisoner employed a Mr.
Richard Smith, of No. 61, Britannia-street, ' Gray's-inn-
road, with whom it appears he was intimately acquainted;
to procure him the change of a Si. Bank of England note,
which he unsuspectingly did, at the Britannia Arms, a-.
.publie-house in his own immediate neighbourhood, where
they both sat and had some spirits to drink. Rice Howers, '
the young man who gave change of it, endorsed it with
the name of Smith, observing at the time, that it bore
every symptom of forgery. But seal, whatever delicacy
he might feel at rendering the change,the known respec7
tability of Mr:. Smith was sufficient to_ remove it. Mr. 8.
on his part, assured hint that be knew the gentleman to
whom it belonged,.and from whom he had just then re-
ceived it, and'that he Lid the fullest confidence in his in-
tegrity. The matter rested so till about two o'clock in the
afternoon of Friday, when the prisoner went himself,to
the Britannia Arms, ordered liquors to the amount of
1/. 3r. to No. 57, Lancasten:street, where he said he resi-
ded, and_ tendered a second 41: note of the Bank of England
for payment. The note was changed, and having received
the balance, Si. 175., he withdrew ; but on sending the,
liquors to his presumed residence at Lancaster-street, it
'
was there discovered that the whole was e cheat, as there
was no house of that Umber to be found there, nor any
person of the name of Shorter known in the neighbourhood.
The note was then instantly examined, and reference also -
made to that which had been changed by :Mr. Smith on
the 14th, when every suspicion of their being forgeries
wastook confirmed,ftublelydireetion of t
and n
d they were.
road, about three o'clock
ere satisfactorily proved to'
be bad. Every' ifiquty was set PP font without delay, to
find' some clue to him, and' intelligence was h4d that lie
in the afternoon. Howers'the6.lsr9CPring the assistance
of the constable Gower and' Mr. Hambrook, of the Prince
of Brunswick Arms, pursued 'the road to' Hornsey, and
coming into Hornsey-lane descried the prisoner Walking be-
fore them: . Howers and the constable fell badk, add hung in '
the rear while
parorook qui4ened his,pace and joined him.
They entered into
they came to the Seeley Arms, where the prisbner said.be,
should retire, .w.g" °l4lll‘ 31.1 order for coals. ;114n3brook
said he would_ accompany him into the parlour ..to. rest
awhile and take
,some refreshment, .to which: .be agres4;'
entering
but upon;conversation and plodded i together till.
they were jounalintely followed by the
sone'', his colour instantly forsook him,
other parties. ~ When Howers presented himself to'the pri-
h e auddkily
notes, and informed that they were forgeries; like ore affected with ague.; : but on beingan thenedterreemdi-3tifiede
assumed an aspect :of „utter indifference-, said he knew the
person from when he received them, and would now re-
turn the change of one, ,which be did, assuring Howers
that he had no more money about him,-and would take ,up

t

Ai _abets, soon as ever he was able, which eipeciett
would be en the morrow: •He < was Wahl' Allnd<l4ob.l the;
constable, who, searching his person, found two more for*
genies of the same bank iu one of the pockets of his great
coat, and two sovereigns, with a gold seal, in one of the
pockets of his waistcoat. He was then brought np in.vos-
tody to the office, where Mr. Freeman, the inspector; of
notes at the Bank of England, attended, and gave evidence
as to their spuriousneis.

Mr. ROGERS Ordered him for
next.

lion Oa Vriiiaf

On Saturday last, application was made to the sitting
Magistrate, Mr. Lama, by William East, a broker, for an
assault-warrant against Hugh None, a watchman at the
Horse-bazaar, Gray's-inn-lane, and three others, who, tbe
applicant said, had grossly and .wantonly maltreated him
the day before, while in the discharge of his duty. . The
warrant was granted, and an officer immediately deepatcbe4
to execute it, who within the; lapse -of half an hour re,
turned, bringing in custody a watchman on the Battle-hridga
estate, named Henry Beeby, charged with having aided and
assisted in the alleged assault.--Beeby was held ta•bail.

i
