GERMAN PAPERS'.

',. , .......wro--
Nnuraintrtio, Nov. 1.--Adc,onnts from Vienna
of thel2llllt itifoem us, that it is generally asserted that the dif-
ferences betereen the Porte and Russia are adjusted; and dolt i
all Eon:Trait treasels, without exception, are to be henceforth at
liberty to piss the Bosphorus to awl- front the Black Sea. It
;could be highly advantageous to the trade of foreigners, if this
should prove to be the mite ; but nothing has yet occurred to,
tODfiffil it ; fur not only the vesstlit of unprivileged nations are
not allowed to pass through the Boaphorms, but even the ships
of those nitiellit to whom the navigation of the Black Sea is,
,goaratteed by solemn treatise are detained and iiearched In the
'must Arbitrary 111$0111r. The OrticT of the Divan to unload fo.,
reign vessels continues to he exectited ; find it is only by the
payment of large 80111$, that sots' capialpisueceed in escaping
it. It is promised that this ahttae shalt' itfio# be put an end to ;
hot will the promise bc kept ? , , , ,
The latest holey from Turkey,etsite that the Cap',
Paelta's
fieet has entered, the Dardanelles, to return to Ceinstan.
tinople. They do not mention any engagement between the
,Cireek and Turkish fleets: the latter has thrown, sopplies and
troops into the fortresses and cutlets which the TorkA still pos-
-1104 in liOttle of the. islands. ft ferntentation mill prevails
an;ong the Janissaries at Constantinople, but no open mutiny
lota yet broken out.
itviT,Zr ;lAN D, ()c'e. `2ll.—The Government of, Argnvia, by
a he'r'e of the iiith of October, has ordered a new line of
Coetotn.licatee stations to be funned on the, frontiers of, the
sauttort of litiCerDO, which is become neeevary sioce the latter
hrSii Withetrawn,itr adherence to the system of commercial re=
.priitsd''
A very severe a'mi'ss'' against the liberty of the prees has
hese, issued at Lucerne. Noo polititel journal, it is trite; tip.
prarA in that *Anton, but writing:, or; theOlogy and public edu,
s:Stitri ere very tottrientus. ,
The Count of Cate) srlstrie Este paned ',tune days ut Hof-
' wp i it it ti ought ite will remain rot the winter at ilesieva.
NET Ur VI. A NA4.---.The N4t4lptidjetght44 have the follow.
,
Y: Vik et , in 18212, the Cones introdueefili (rend fike.e,
•..0D the plan of the french, their intention was that by to
aimplify ihe fihaniial syatem, to avoid for the znoiiant the
r eprty ;Ilea at the capitals.; and lastly, to convert into 4 per.
ewe Arndt, the older paper currency, which they ilad re-
corttrak,,lol4 for the payment of which utrn4 w4yo asSigned in
0110415), 'lit Mo
oog this old' paper fire the- to* Mae by
tifiairt to olltind. According to the, decrees of the. Curies, a
cattiti,lesable ato?ant of tht.se Dutch loans was steliverei3 to the
flatten -; they were itnntedi itchy annulled, and Lilo 'Mitten; , re..
:cavivail histeaciliV4 pe!vent. bonds, accerdlog ter•,Le..ertisin , pro.
poildon— The question is.h ey thy right of
,iVete periiiona*rn
to fit, iesra, who, confidingin the legittrnaty of the filiiitibai
(loyernment, loom pitecheeed such bootie of the. ilutelt4Teht,
sittfl bags excliayttl ttiort,for rlve yer. ont.„Nrite.tttal tunittities,
whicl),Faag t"4.,l in:lndia ordan lnce has now declurad null and
.traiti:"-gArelifht rtfter.) . . i • . -
IVIVAIN. OCT.' 2ii.....iiettelllVlVO been ?NOVO. (rpm .ye„
roma Ithetettstill,Ploo le flg 80;4°13 Ifitie4l)P.r4eir lif,
V
big ytti ighness,Our , Pilo'' of ararnt. ' roe
-* letters to -01.rto the pree 14. ar.0410 of site dreadfuVite
este*lons which have ensme eyonslAViltrain4s iiiiii- as: far
to Vercers., in consegitenee a 4travy litni and the melting of
thf gnaw th the tnountaint by 141/11t south 'cods. ~

-40NDOK -MECHANIC INSTITUTE.

Last night theii;- .ivoi Crown.
and Anchor Tavern, Strands to which the Meehanics of'die
Metropolis ,hati been invited, to take i to eansitieratiowthe
propriety of establishing a. Mechanics' InititutSeireilar to what
has NO long existe3, in (Remotes The Meetirig was held in
the Large Room. and by half-past seven o'clock it was more
than two-thirds fa.
At that hour Dr. liirkbeeleellreSheriff Termite Mr. Alder-
man Key, and the Committee, entered the room but owing to
the anxiety of all to press towards the table, they had much
difficulty to make their way to the few seats reserved for them.
Dr. ItinxnEcx, on the motion of Mr. Beenn,`was called
to. the Chair. He proceeded to_ advert, to the object of the
present Meeting, at the same time noticing the rise of the
Illechanics' Institute, in Glasgow, which had origin :ea'
with him about twenty years ago. At that period,- after
having visited various manufactories and workehops, he
was forcibly impressed with the conviction that would re-
sult to the men themselvet, and the Society generally, if
means could be adopted for the cultivation of: their rea-
son—" Heaven's lamp in man," and the advancement of
their scientific knowledge. He immediately proposed the for-
mation of a Mechanics Institute, and ordered to deliver Lec-
tures illustrative and in promotion of the objects he had in
view. His projects were derided by some, anti others thought
them unworthy even of a sneer. It was stated that the Me-
chanics would not care about attending; that if they did attend,
they would not comprehend the reasoning' and details of the
profrered Lectures, and that even if they understood such Lec-
tures, they would afterwards be disregarded. He however
persevered.. The men attended, and very soon in great num-
bers. They not only listened to what they heard, but they
comprehended, they persevered, and they conquereel.—(Ap-
plause.)—The advantages of the Institute were soon perceived
and felt. Tito lecture were attended by thoueands of me-
chanics. It was seen that they at once promoted the moral
advantages and Waal comforts, of the Wien; together with the
trading and commercial proepoity of .Glasgow. The lectures
und the institution were then se ported earnestly by all classes;
and the maintenance of the Institute, in a few years_,' was
mainly managed, as ouch an institution ought tobe, by the
mechanics thconteliesee-(Hear, hear, and applause.)—Though
be had long ceased to give lectures before the Institute in (Moe-
gow, as he had therefore done, it gave his mind great satisfat-
non to be able thus to speak of the rapid success and conti-
nuing prosperity of the Parent Instittition. On the evening on
which they were met tbr the formation of en, Institute for the
Metropolis, and at that hour too, thonsentla of mechanics in
Glasgow were proceeding to hear the lectures of their Insti-
tute. Thus far, and eatiefactorily, hied proaPered that Insti-
tute, the original proposition for which tree treated as the
impracticable ebullition of Youth issetApplanee.)—When it
was recollected how essentially trading and commercial was
this country, whatever tended to promote the skill and power
of their mechanics surely merited general support. As to
the practicability or probability of van improvements, the
advancements in mechanic ingenuity_ ;and skill in modern
Orate chewed how much opportunity' there yens for the
cultivation of the operative classe difficulties ought not
to ileum them, was proved by theproceedings in Glasgow ; and
that even new discoveries in Science, as well as the promotion
of what knowledge had been promulgated amongst the' en-
lightened few, might be expected, its history showed. They
bad only to recollect Gallleoe Newton, Dr. Franklin, Watt,
&.c. ; and those names would chow to them, that vast disco-
veries or improvements might be made, originating sometimes
from trifling causes where the mind of the party Watt previously
cultivated with scientific power. All circumstances, in his
estimation, therefore, tended to prove the ndvanteges that might
be expected to result to the mechanics of the Metropolis, as
Well as to the interests of the nation ; and he doubted not that
the propositions would experience that support which they well
merited.--(Applause.)
The first Resolution was 'about to be proposed, when
Dr. litaxnE ex again rose, and expressed his regret at the
absence of Mr. lfroughatn, who was to have been present to pro.
pose the first Resolution. Ile yesterday received a letter trout
that Gentleman, who would have been heard with so much sa-
tisfaction could he have attended, and portions of such letter
would be read to them
" My dear Friend,-,Being. unfortunately prevented from
meeting you toanorroir evening,.by the circumstances which I
mentioned at the Committee on saturday, I take the liberty of
inclosing a trifling contribution, proportioned to my means, and
not at all for my zeal for the important objects which we have
in view.
" I look upon the successful prosestition of that object as
nearly certain, because the principle on' which. we proceed is
undeniably sound; that the body of the people should take upon
themselves the cure of their own instruetlaneafter having. the
means within their reach, whenever they ate in want of then. BY
these meens, I understand the elementary branches pf reading
are directing those first principles of knowledge which ate only
the instruments whereby the rest are **coolie& That. tees
quisition can only be made, either easily or safely by them-
selves. Advantages must result from the Institution now to
be formed, both to the comforts and character of our fellow.
citizens, in the industrious classes of the community : and I
trust that both they themselves, and their Mende, who are pro.
muting this design, will see the necessity of a general and united
exertion to see its accomplishment. The Institution itself will
prosper in exactproportion to the Interests which the Mechanic%
themselves take in its details. It is for their benefit, and ought
to be left in their hands, as soon as posiible after It is begain.
" As you were the original author of this admirable scheine
above twenty years ago, and then carded it, on an extensive
scale, into execution, allow me to congratulate you on the pros.
pect of its adoption in this great city, where its benefit* and ex-
ample are likely to prove of such inestimable value.
" Relieve me always, with greatrespeet and attention, yowl,
most sincerely. 11. BROUGHAM:"
The letter contained a denation of 01/. and the Chairman
also contributed M. to the objects of the Institution.
Dr. Militia:cis said:, that instead of having the Resolutions
put separately, with the wpprobation of the Meeting they should
all he read ; by such means they would know what it was in
to propose to them.
Mr. Itoaorsost then read the following Resolutions :-
1. That the establishment of institutions for the instruction
of mechanics, at a cheap rate, in the principles of the arts they
practice, ns well as in all other !matches of useful knowledge,
is a measure well calculated to improve-extensively their habits
and condition, to advance the arts and sciences, and to add
largely to this power, resources, and prosperity of the country.
2. That such Institutions are likely to be moat stable and
useful wheti entirely or chiefly supported and managed by
mechanics themselves.
3. That the meeting acknowledge with approbation the
example which the Mechanics of Ciletigow have set their brethren
at large, in being the first to establish, on this principle of self•
sup port and exertion, an institution for their own instruction
in the arts and sciences.
4. That there shall be established an Institution in the
metropolis, to he called the London Mechanics' Institute.
6. That the London Mechanics'. Institute shall, in the . first
instance, comprehend all those persona who have already given
in their names as members, us well as all those who may do so
on or before the 241 December, on their conforming to the laws
to be hereafter adopted for the constitution of the institute, and
that after the mid 2tl December, persons shall be admitted
members on such conditions and in such manner as these laws
shall -provide.
6. That entorg the objects which the London Mechanics'
Institute shall have specially in view, shall be the eittablishinclit
fur the benefit of the Alembers of Lectureships on the different
arts and sciences, a library of reference and circulationt steads
ing roomy a museum of.models, a school of design, and an ex.
permiental workshop and laboratory provided with all necessary
instrumcnteand apparatus.
7.: That the annual subscription to admit mecluinie to all
the benefits of the Institute shall not exceed one gninea, and
shall be payable either at once, or by instalments.
U. That the friends of knowledge and improvement be in.
lilted to contribute towards the accomplishment of all the labre-
staid purpoacs, by donations of' money, books, specimens, and
apparatus.
Siterifr IJAVItir propoeed the first Resolution thr the
4011 option of the Meeting, and in doing so he expressed hiti
teat-regret to the absence of Mr. Brongliam, whn'e all-grnsp-
r rog mind would have done so much justice to this imOottoot
Stubiect. Ile was gratified with the opportunity of stating his
4'014 approbation of the Object of this meeting ; and if he
Oat tiny pain on the occasion, it was that he could not expresit
such approbation in a more elfective manner. Whets ho first,
came to !Potion, nufrientled and unknown, lie had felt
greatly phi %Wt of such tin Institution as they were now, Ito
hoped, about to establish. It would save thousands of Ines
ehanics from those tuition* =dice to which' they now re-
501tea, ycouSie they had not better means of occupying their
time. rive*, however, gratifying to him to be able to
State, that amongst all those inquiries which, in the (lies
Cherge of his' official &idea, lie deemed it right to mike
amongst the tried and untried persona confined in the City's
Prisons, he found very few meehatileas-(seies of hear and
applause.) Timm acre many dreadful inetences of the conse-
totems of immoral, negligent, anti evil courses, as well as: of
gambling, of isitich an appalling instance now engrossed the
public attention, hot in all the afflicting cases that came before
him, there were few instancss oldie commitment of mechanics.
That fact gieWeil the general charaCter and habits of such class
of theitsfellow men, and establialied theta as individmils Who
were prepared to co.operate in efforts to rot-note their advert-
taires They must retnember that the mechanics, in fact, coo-
stunted the sinews of the gate. Poets by their imeginative
powers might correct and improve the taste of ti people; but

the tree:la:tics firmed the rest stiength,of the country. Under
all these eireumqances, he propoie4 the Resolution.
That and other resolutions. were agreed to unanimously,
after remarks from Mr. 'R., Taylor, ,Mr. Inman, Mr. Isl.
Tarlor, Alderman- Key, 'Mt. Martineau, &c. &c., in sup.
,port of them, and of the general objects of the institution.
Mr. M AI( TINE A (engineer i spoke warmly in its praiie,
and observed that a similar nstitution had for some time
been established at New York, ite. However, being itti*r the
complete management of the mediated themselves.—(llearetud
applu
Reaso se.) •
lutions for the formation of a Committee to draw up
laws, appointing Mr. Hodgkins and Mr. Robertson
.Secretaries
pm tentp..having been agreed to, Mr. Robertson was proceeding
to read the names of various subscriptions of 20/., 10/. each,
&c..besides an, amazing number of one guinea subscribers,
When Mr. Colibett, who, with his son, Mr. .f. rei2Cobbett; had
. remained near the table without having been before generally
noticed, stepped forward to the Chairman and handed him a
subscription of 51., which was hailed with great applause. As
soon as his subscription had been nientioned, end when the
applause, partly occasioned by the surprise at hearing the name
mentioned, had subsided,
Mr. Conti ET T ascended the table, and expeessed the wish
that he might accompany his subseription with an expla-
natiOn.—[" By all means—proceed Mr. Cobbett.l He
had not subscribed his five pounds with a view of becoming
a Member of the Institute, or of contineing It regularly ;
he had subscribed that sum because he highly approved of
the plan. He should not become a Member of the Insti-
tute;,—he thought none but mechanics ought to belong to
the institution ; and he would tell them the reason for hold.
ing that opinion. He had never disavowed the class from
which he sprung ; on the contrary, it had been his glory and
study, ,to ,promote its interests and happiness; far from him
had ever been the foolish pride of turning his back upon those
amongst whom he teas horn. But if the management of the
Institute were not wholly left to mechanics, even if they had
Chairmen who did not conetinue members of their own body,
the Methanics.Woeld be seon thruet aside, should the institu-
tion happily succeed in becoming one of. much power. Indeed,
they would bear in Mind that Mr. Brougham, whose letter thee
had heard read, was of a similar opinion. Mr. B. told the meet.
ing that the mechanics ought to be left to themselves as soon
as possible, when once means were placed in their power.—
Mr. B. was right ; and by a wise regulation in the New
York Mechanics' Institute, to which allusion had been made
by Mr. Martineau, that mechanics only were to have any con-
cern in the Institution. Such, he teneted, would be the case
with this Institute, when once it was formed. If it were hot,
he repeated there would soon be some pretexts ter thrusting
aside all influence and interference on the part of the mechanics.
In support of this opinion, lie would remind them of' one
instance only. The " Literary Fund" was established by
the late Mr. D. Williams, a dissenting, Minister, aided by
Captain Morris ; and its object was to support authors who
wrote in suPport of the cause of truth and justice, 'and'
liberty. The Society exes amazingly. successful; anti it.
therefore became the interest and design of many per:ons
to get into and direct the power and influence of the Society.
The consequence had been, that so far as he could learn, for
many years past, none had derived benefit from the " Literary
Fund," except thou who had written in support of slavery.
Some fiirther subscriptions having been mentioned, and other
routine business performed, the Meeting separated.

of Mawr, the Duchess of Monte Llano and
L,Arco, thalarpuess of San Felice, Count de
Alcoba, the'Countess of Baise,'the Countess of
More, .
Maechloness of Valdecarrara, the Count de
sSantjago, -the Marquess of Mire ores, the Mar.
guess 9f Cerralbo, and thirty other names.--
'The Etude disputes the authenticity of the letter
to the Duke of ANGOULEME, attributed to BAL.
LASTEROS, and imploring his Royal High.
ness's protection for .that fallen General.—.
An article from Constantinople says that
the Capitan Paella had obtained an advantage
over a small division of the Greek fleet, and
alleges, we trust incorrectly, that a Turkish
corps has succeeded in occupying the Ther.
mopylte.

( From the Et,dle of yesterday.)
NEWS FROM SPAIN.
MADIUD, Nov. 4.—This morning the Duke
of Angouleme left this town to return to Paris.
Before his departure he received dispittches, an-
nouncing the capitulation of Barcelona, Tarra-
gona, anti Carthagena.

BARCELONA, Nov. 4.—The French troops
have taken possession to-day of Barcelona, as
well as of the citadel and fort, conformably to
the Convention. General Vasserot is appointed
Governor of the place.
Eatract from the Anna Esp of the GitANOtE3
_9f
SPAIN to the Duke of A truoti Lute.
TO HIS SERENE HIGHNESS.
" The Grandees of Spain, who had the ho-
nour on the 27th May last, to offer to your Royal
Highness the respectful expression of their senti-
ments towards your illustrious person, and their
sincere wishes for the success of the enterprize,
which was confided to your valour and to your
prudence by your August Uncle, in the name of
Europe, have this day the happy satisfaction to
felicitate your Royal Highness on the happy;
and prompt result, and to manifest their grati-
tude for the incomparable good done towards our
legitimate King, and for putting him in a state to
govern us freely and wisely. Your name and
lyour exploits will he remembered in our country
from generation to generation, with our eternal
gratitude."

..,
MottLAix,Nov.6.—We have now in our town
two battalions of the. Royal Guard, which have
arrived from Spain. They were received with
triumph. The..l.4th regiment.of the Line, which
was in garrison at Saint Sebastian, arrived at
Payonne on the 7th November. The 25th regi-;
toentla alio expected' on the 12th`. '"These two
iegl manta ' ere noinppsed of 1500 men'.
We' have received the 'following news from
Vienna, under date of the 31st October :
CONsTASITINOPLE, OCT. 10.—News has been
received of an advantage which the Captain Pasha has obtained
over a division of the Greeks, consisting of 35 light vessels, in
the Day of Lemnos. A letter from the Isle of &lupine con-
tains some curious details. The greater part of the inhabitants
td-Jftheni-iiia 'several European Consuls have left. The-fol.
lowing is an extract of the letter:--
•` The Turkish corps, about 18,000 men, which occupied
Thebes in the month of July, and threatened Athens, marched
on Agrapont, and afterwards on Thermopylae, which they now
occupy. The Greeks maintain themselves in the citadel of
Athens to the number of 8110, with 15 European officers of artil-
lery, and have plenty in their magazines."
(From tilt Pilot* of yesterday.)
ARMY OF THE PYRENEES.

REPORT OF THE MAJOR-GENERAL TO HIS EXCEL,

LENCY Tilt MINISTER AT WAR.

" MADRID, Nov. 1, 1823

44 MY Loan--I have the honour to inform
your Excellency, that the Constitutional Chiefs
of Estramadura, with the exception of the Ern-
pecinado, have tendered their submission, and
that Brigadier Laguna, the bearer of the
orders of his Catholic Majesty, was 011 the '29th
October to take possession of Badajos. Con.
formable to the dispositions prescribed by his
Royal Highness, Marshal de Camp Ademar will
enter to-morrow, the 9.,d November, into that
fortress, and occupy it with the three battalions of
the 35th regiment, and a company of foot unit-
lery. General Yellin left the 77th regiment of
drugoons et the quarters of General Ademar,
till tle Constitutional Cavalry cantoned in the
environs is discharged. •

" I am, &c.
" The Major-General Count, 0131L1,EMINOT."
atroiv Or Tilt: MARSHAL DUICE Dl' CONEOLIANO TO
EXCELLENOY THE miNtavr.a or WAn.

" Sonia, Nov. 2, 1023.

" MoNstEu a nt BartoN—l have the honour to announce
to your Excellency, that General Mina has this day informed me,
that he had ratified the capitulation concluded between Lieut.-
General Count Curial, Baron Berge, and Marshal de Camp
Deprcs on the one part; and on the other, Marshal de Camp
lion Antonio Rotten, Governor of the fortress of Barcelona,
Lieutenant-Colonels Diiii jOieph do lit Totrede TresiennOtnd
Don Raintond Galle; Don Antonio Gironella, and Don Joseph
Elias, inhabitants of Barcelona, anti representing that town. I
have given equally my approbation.

44 The Commissary of General Mina will set out to.morrow
for Tarragona and Tostalrich. These places will be occopitd
on the btli or Bib. Barcelona will b occupied on the 4th...-
Dispositions are taken that the greatest order be preserved
during these operations.

" I have the honour, &c.
" me Marshal Duke de Com:ghetto, MONCBV."
At one o'aock on Monday, a number of Ge.
aerate bad the honour of paying their Court to
