FRENCH PEOPLE.

1,, (From the Dublin Morning Register.)
ikilrge following is the reply of General Lafayette to the
14eQi! 0f the people of Dublin. The answer, it will be
\Ve4; addressed as it ought to be, to the Marquis of
4rleath
"Paris, Nov. 6, 1830.
itlente4l.,Lo",-4 receive with profound acknowledge-
,`"e resolutions so flattering to the people of Paris,
3'04 the French nation, together with the compliment
tiv's'e done me the honour to convey to me from your-
respectable representative will assure you, that
tlelents
h of gratitude and sympathy live in our hearts,
eitl2Qooourable testimonies of approbation from the
,%ti'Q :11„',4 Dublin. Circumstances, independent of my
have hitherto retarded their publication in the
Ner',i- papers. It is intended to collect together, all those
Qteatxvhich we owe to the good will of the people of
" Britain and Ireland, and which we prize so much
ettloi interests of your brave country, my Lord, parti-
-41„.1ve 1,1,,14 ,the important event of religious emancipation,
,o 4 ply interested the hearts and minds of Frenchmen.
are , ur us with a reciprocity of feeling, of which we
idrallY proud and sensible.
that I were permitted to speak of myself, I should say
ttlY re? r
re of the kindness of the Irish people, in
i
ast fatardi dates upwards of forty years previous to this
tlley,--t"4nents ler which I pray you to be the interpreter of
Irir with which my heart is penetrated.
l'aowlAceive for yourself, my Lord, the homage of my ac-
t'grnents and respect. " LAFAYETTE."
CORPORATION OF YORK AND
LORD BROUGHAM.

Saturday last the Corporation. of York as
Pose Oq
ed at the Guildhall, in that city, for the pur-
Year, °f electing the Lord Mayor for ti ensu►ng
t NiWileri the Right Hon. Lord Dundas wasi:e elected.
Alderman HOTHAM then moved,
teed°That the
hhear off this city shall be presented, in a box of
t "k, to the Right Hon. Henry Lord
Cir°eurigthbani.
theßr►tain,
Vaux, Lord High Chancellor of
~ntain, and late one of the Representatives
th ef..-°,',lnty of York in Parliament, in testimony.
''Y this ",e"ngs of admiration and respect entertaineduttd
`vltO‘-orporation for the unrivalled talents and
~- •aing patriotism of that eminent Statesman,
4 the Justly entitled to the gratitude of his country,t.s
pt h.e eloquent advocate of the rights and liberties
re
fellovt-subjects; the persevering enemy o
,or
the 81" and slavery in all parts of the world, ali:fd_
Na.lndefatigable promoter of every measure for r
44101111,g the blessings of education and knowledge
Thgst all classes of the community."
('Nr, 1s motion was seconded by Mr. Alderman Wm-
Thtne father of the city, and carried unanimously.
teYQ 'ion. ROBERT PETRI: (the Lord Mayor) was
which to present the freedom to Lord Brougham;
144:!I his Lordship said lie should have great plea-
rNtrisliit d°lng; and that he would supply the wood
Nitt e from the celebrated Cowthorpe oak on his
e) beneath which he believed, a Parliament was
ve held.
