SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

Our readers will see, from a copious extract
t from the Dublin Evening Post, in another
column, that the venerable Lord Eldon is mixed
up in a very odd sort of way with a letter ad-
dressed to an Orangeman (Mr. Ellis), having
for object to inflame the Orangemen of Ireland.
What appears certain is, that an inflammatory
letter has been written, received, and communi-
cated ; what remains to be established, is the
actual writer. The Dublin Evening Mad
charges the Government with playing the incen-
diary itself, by employing some one skilled in
imitating the writing and signature of the vene-
rable Earl to address the inflammatory production
to Mr. Ellis. To precipitate a rebellion is a
well-known phrase in Ireland ; and the Orange-
men being in that state of excitement in which
nothing is too extravagant to shock belief, a
fabricated epistle from Lord Eldon to the
Orangemen must, we suppose, be taken as a piece
of treachery, to throw these gentlemen off their
guard. But this would be a bold step on the
part of Ministers. On the other hand, how are
we to believe that an old stager, like the vene-
rable Earl, would commit himself so far as to
write letters recommending insubordination and •
tumultuary proceedings ? The imitation, how-
ever
(if imitation it be), has deceived all the
Post-office functionaries accustomed to the franks
of the Noble Earl. If he be wronged by the
imputation, he will no doubt come forward and
justify himself. What puzzles us most in this
business, is to understand (if the Noble Earl have
written this inflammatory letter) what end could
be served by it. Let us suppose the people of the
North oflreland instigated to acts of violence which
threaten to spread, and that the Orange Magis-
tracy throw off all remains of disguise, and become
furious partizans ; this will only afford an ad-
ditional
justification to the Duke of Wellington
for the adoption of those measures which his
own good sense must have indicated as necessary
long ago. The people of England are lovers of
peace at home, however they may be fond of ac-
counts of battles abroad. They know that civil
broils lead to interruptions of business, to turn-,
ing off hands, to failures, and to evils of all
sorts. They will not only powerfully support
the Government in all energetic measures, but

they will do so in so decided— a manner that fac-
tion will not dare to hold up its head. In
stimulating the Orangemen to acts of violence,
Lord Eldon would be strengthening the hands
of the Government, and affording to the Duke
of Wellington the handle he is in want of for
a reform of the Magistracy. In peaceable times
there is room for the play of petty intrigues ;
but when order is disturbed, men of rank are
nothing if they separate themselves from the
great interests of the nation. What is it wished
to prove by the getting up of affrays between the
Orangemen and the Catholics ? that Catholic
Emancipation has not put an end to the dissen-
sions of the Irish ? But who said that it would ?
The evils of Ireland are many, and of long dura-
tion. The settlement of the Catholic Question
will enable us to attempt the settlement of Ire-
land, which before was impossible. However,
whatever the Government may decide on doing
with respect to Ireland, it is clear that the Earl
of Eldon has but one course to pursue. There
is at present presumptive evidence of his having
implicated himself in a very unwarrantable course
of proceeding. He must spew either that the
letter is not what it has been represented, or that
he did not write it. There is no middle course.
The eyes of the nation are on him. It will not
do to say that the letter is mislaid, or has been,
destroyed.---Morning Chronicle.

Mr. Serjeant Bosanquet and Mr. Gurney, as
well as Mr. Bolland, whom we before named,
are now severally mentioned as likely to succeed
Sir John Hullock on the Bench of the Exche-

short of the expectations formed of him on his
quer. The late Baron, although he fell far
appointment, was by far the most able Judge of
that Court, which has long stood at a very low
ebb in respect to the professional estimation of
the persons presiding in it. The exclusion of
the great body of Attorneys from practising in
the Exchequer, is, no doubt, the princip::.l abuse
which has reduced the business transacted there
to its present pitiful amount ; but the compara-
tive inefficiency of the Judges has also had a very
powerful operation in discouraging suitors. if
there be a real disposition to place the Court on
such a footing as shall enable it to take its fair
share of the business of the country, Baron
Hullock's late brethren must have associated to
them, in his stead, some able and active man, in
the prime of life, from the foremost rank of the
profession. With such a 'man, and a successor,
alike able, to the Chief Baron (whom we ex-
pect to see shortly in his proper sphere, exe-
cuting the Equitable jurisdiction of the Court),
the Exchequer inay regain reputation and bw,t-
ness; bu.t iY persons of inferior talents—thJugh
respectable station and character—are, lty virtue
of a Chancellor's good-will, to be, as heretofore,
fitted with places on this Benchl 'we may expect
to see the Court continue t
risevv h
eetahcelri
tniiioern
gen-
tlemen, after a ten minutes'
all or any of them—named for Baron
Hullock's One belong, in talents and legal ac-
quisition% 40 the one class or the other, it is fur
thei Profession, and not for us, to say; but Lord
Lyndhurst knows, as well as we can tell him,
that he is in no condition, werelle
even dis-
posed, to bestow preferment 'titter the fashion
pursued by his predecessor. All eyes are on
thiiomn alnfd
hehedo
cannot:lord to make a bad selee-
no is a far less sensible taak
than we tak-, him to be.—lbid.

document has been somewhat ostenta-
tlously put forward in Ireland, purporting to be
the Resolutions of a body of resident iVlrigi-
strates of the county of Fermanagh, on the sub-
ject of the recent deplorable occurrences in that
district, and bearing the signatures of the Earl
of Enniskillen, of General Archdall, a County
Member, of three Governors, and, of a large body
of resident Magistrates and landed Proprietors—
in shark, presenting a very imposing exterior. We
have no wish to treat harshly a public instru-
ment respectably attested, and that by persons
who, under ordinary circumstances, would be
aboy ill suspicion ; avid yet we cannot refrain
flom expressinu our perfect conviction that in
that part the document in question, where the
unhamy occurrence which cost so many lives is
stated to be the result of deliberate and preme-
ditated aggressic,n by bodies of well-armed Pa-
pists, upc,n unoffending and peaceable Orange-
men, it puts forth as an incontrovertible fact,
that which not only is not true, but could
not in, the nature of things be so ; this is a
an
strong assertion, but to any person auainted
with the social, or rather
ti.sociai gelations
of the county of Fermanagh, strong from the coun-
tenance afforded to them, and grown into prece-
dent, and almost into law, from inveterate prac-
tice, its truth is unfortunately as obvious as ita
singularity, That the miserable and hitherto

degraded Helots of that remote district, imper- and Calcutta, loaded with children of all ages. this man hurried away to Whitecross-street - SUMMER ASSIZES. MARKET INTELLIGE NCE.
fectly armed (if armed at all), unacquainted with This morning forty-two, from two years and up- Prison, where he was actually immured for eight
discipline, and with all the terrors of the law, wards as far as six years, were produced, with the days, and might have been there still but for the HOME CIRCUIT-CHELMSFORD, Ace. 6. LONDON MARKETS.
(From tbe London New Price Current of yesterday.)
people who had them for sale. The children are humane interference of Mr. Barrett, the Gover- The Grand Jury returned true bills against Edw.
whose tender mercies they have often felt, before
objects the most striking, and can barely be said to Porto, a youth, 19 years of age, upon the indict- StIGA R.-The Sugar Market this week has assumed a
their eyes, should designedly, and without pro- life.'-p. 1 I - more firm alpearan e, as the holders have become more
have , ~ inents charging him with setting fire to an outhouse
vocation, invite and engage in a collision with a e,• •
(Hong into the circumstances-when, lo ! it was or
Many lives of infants are destroyed by the warehouse, the property of Wm. Grimwood ; of fine qualities of Muscovades have realized rather higher
numerous, completely armed, and to a certain attempts to secrete them.'-ellinute, Bengal Con- •
at length admitted that either the wrong person
.setting fire to a stack of oats, the property of T. 11. rates, arid generally the Market has the appearance of an
extent disciplined body of Orange yeomanry, saltation, p. 3. had been arrested or the wrong recognizance es- Shoobridge ; of setting fire to stacks of corn and improvement. The estimated sales this week are 3,400
countenanced, too, as the latter were, by all the " ' Female children arid grown-up young women treated ;at any rate, that there was not the least hay, the property of John Crump ; and for writing Mids, and trs.-This day at public sale 317 hid'. 12 trs.
rank and almost all the property of the county, are bought by an ranks. Among the Rajpoot ground for arresting the party in question. Well, the threatening letter to William Hutley. The pro- 17 brls. St. Lucia Sugar, of good average quality, sold at
is rather too much for our credulity. We la- chiefs these slaves are very numerous. The usage what to any man's reason and common sense, secutors all resided at Witham. full Market prices.-In the Refined Market the supply of
however, descends to the lowest ranks; and few The charge first entered on, was that of setting Lumps is limited. The wholesale Grocers continue pur-
merit exceedingly that men in private life, bene- would be the natural consequence of all this, but chasing rather more for home consumption; the prices are
merchants or cultitators with any property are with- fire to an otithotisc. or warehouse, the property of
ficent and respectable, should permit a heated. that the injured party should have been tome- unvaried. In Molasses, or in Crushed, there is no alteration.
out mistresses or servants of this description:-
diately set free, and an ample compensation, ii Wm. Grimwood.
imagination ; or, yet worse, the atrocious spiritEAST INDIA SCGARS,.-There has been a considerable
p. 414. `Female slaves, almost in every instance, The principal evidence in favour of the prosecti-
of faction, to obscure their natural sense of 'us- that were iossible made him
are sold to prostitution.' Some chiefs, ' who have 1 a
whoever they may by the parties, tin was given by Mr. Saunders and Mr. Philbrick, improvement in the demand for Mauritius Sugars, both for
tire, and contradict the evidence of their own from 50 to 200 female slaves, after employing them be, who have inflicted so the persons who were watching when the fire was export and for borne consumption, and an advance of Is.
to 2s. on the late prices has been realized.-At public sale
faculties. One thing is, however, rendered per- in all the menial labours of the house during the grievous an injury ? But, no ; this was not the discovered,
this forenoon about 1,200 bags Mauritius Sugars sold freely
fectly obvious, that the truth can only be elicited day, send them at night to form such connexions as case. He could not be set at liberty till a fee The prosecutor called a great number of profes- Is. a Is. 6d, higher than last public sale.
and justice fairly administered, when the Go- they please ; but a large share of the profits of that of a ouinea was paid to the Clerk of the Peace stoma] gentlemen to rebut the plea of insanity, which Foeeroas SucAßs.-The purchasers of Foreign Sugars
promiscuous intercourse into which they fall is an- for his discharge ; and this guinea Mr. Barrett,
vernment, following up that system on which was intended to be set tip as a defence : a long and by private contract consist of 300 chests good white Ha-
nually exacted by their master, who adds any child- interesting lecture was delivered by Drs. Prichard, vannah at 485.-At public sale on Tuesday, 226 chests
they have lately entered, shall institute a rigid, finding all remonstrances vain, humanely paid
ren they heppen to produce to his list of slaves 1 Hare Forster Tomkins Ge Dixon, Cremer, and Bahia, the white all taken in 30s. a 345. ; some of time
out of his own pocket, or the man might have
impartial, and fearless investigation-shall ex-
The female. slaves in this condition, as well as 'those.: brown sold 19s. 6d. a 21s. ; 331 chests Pernams, mostly
tend the shield of the law for the protection of • been his prisoner to this very hour. We have sever,] others:on the proofs aPnPd'effec.ts of monomania.
damaged, low to good white 295. a 345. ; brown 16s. 6d. a
ot the dancing sets, are not permitted to marry, anti
the innocent, and her sword for the chastisement are often very harshly treated. There are Many heard and said a great deal about the cruelty the In the course of summing up, his Lordship fre-
quently remarked, that he coned discover nothing to 20s. 6d.-This day 57 chests Brazil Satins were withdrawn.
of the guilty.-Aid. instances of owners selling the children borne to impolicy, the horrors, and injustice of our system induce him to entertain the least doubt of the sanity COFFEE..-The demand for Coffee 'lmaa become limited,
and the public sales brought forward have gone off heavily,
themselves by these slaves l'-p. 415." of imprisonment for debt-we have heard and of the prisoner.
The account which we gave in our journal of and at rather lower prices; even the reduction had no
The author concludes with this passage :- said a great deal too upon the abominable system The Jury returned a verdict of Not Guilty. effect in bringing forward the buyers, a considerable pro-
yesterday of the state of Madagascar, augurs „
but ill, we fear, for the extinction of slavery, or But it may not be amiss to compare with the of fees exacted from innocence, poverty, and On being asked whether their verdict was on the portion of the Coffee was in consequence taken in ; good
picture we have presented you of the Eastern la- wretchedness-but never have we yet had to re- ground of insanity, or whether sufficient evidence to ord. La Guayra withdrawn at 355. a 355. 6(1., ord. St.
even its rapid diminution in time East : 'and, bourers a contrast, drawn, not by a west India cord such a tale of injustice as this, and one Domingo at 335. 60., good ord. Brazil at 335. 60. In
convict had not been laid before them, they replied,
enemies as we are to slavery every where, we planter, or proprietor of slaves, but by a Wesleyan
morem
calculated, we trust, to show the necessity 'N'yi,Tll.l,e,re was not sufficient evidence generally to con-confess we do not see much difference, if it do missionary, Mr. Robert Young, who, in a sermonduction of I'. a 25., the colony and fine supported late
of a reform in both these points. For the wrong prices. This day at public sales 1,847 bags Ceylon Coffee,
exist, whether the seat of its existence be in the addressed to an assemblage of necroes in Jamaica, FRIDAY, AUG. 7.
~,,,arrest, it is to be hoped, the party will bring Too morning, 141 casks 390 baos British Plantation • the former fair
Eastern or Western hemisphere. The West on the 19th of September, 1824, observes-on the sitting of the Court, Mr, ' a '
• his action ; but for the abominable demand of a CLARKSON, as Counsel for the prisoner, stated that, quality, nearly all sold 31s. a 325. ; Demerara was ord.
India planters, it must be allowed, contend per- "' It ought to be remembered, that the situation
of life in which Providence has placed you is not guinea, made upon him and his humane actieg upon the advice which, after due considers- for what they esteem their property ;
the full ket rates.
without its comforts; for when you have performed liberator, lie has, we believe, as matters now tion, he bad been induced to give the prisoner,
and, beginning to feel now the potent rivalry ofßeam, BRANDY, AND HoLLANDs. The sales of Rum
latter had resolved on retracting his plea of " Not this week are proof Leewards at Is. 91(1., 4 over at ls. 100.,
your appointed work, you are happily delivered stand, no means of redress. The Clerk of the
East India sugar in the markets of Europe, -
from all anxiety and tormenting care; and in the Peace is under no control-his office is his free- Guilty" to the indictment for sending a threatening and sto 7 over at the same price. Jamaica have also
they contend that it is not produced by free evening of each day can return to your humble ca- hold ; his fees are said to be as much his legal letter and to plead " Guilty" to that charge. been sold at good prices, but the particulars have not tran-
labour more than their own,-that slavery ex- bins with' confidence, being assured that no creditor • a
riget, as the rents of the Lord Lieutenant's • The indictment, charging the prisoner with send- spired. Brandy is firm, and a considerable Sale is re-
ists in its blackest and direst forms in the East, will be found there I I' I
claiming
Lee Atte property of estates are his. But is it not high time that ing a letter to Mr. Htttley, with intent to extort mo-
ney, by threatening to set fire to his premises, out- ported. Geneva is still neglected.
-and that it is by slaves only that the cane is which you may be possessed : no sick wife or sick flaare, Feax, AND TALLOW.-The market for Tallow
st,ich a freehold as this were regulated by law ? buildings, stacks, &c., was then read, and the pri- is firm, and still improving, the prices are 6d. per cwt.
there cultivated and its juice manufactured. A child will be there, without the aid of
and, if required, the assistance of a nurse; neither
medicine, a, .
From the IVlagnstrates no redress can be ob- comer pleaded " Guilty." higher. In Hemp or Flax there is little alteration.
pamphlet to this effect has been published lately,
you your doors with looks
will your children meet at tained. They will tell the applicant, "it is true The Learned Judge then sentenced him to be RICE.-Rice continues dull, but there are few sellers at
we suppose by a kind of authority, and trans-any reduction; offers are made for white Bengal at Ils.,
expressive of starvation, and pierce your hearts with the Clerk of the Peace is our servant by name, transported for life.
emitted to us ; the contents of which we, there- but there appears to he no sellers at that rate.
'es of hunger. No ' such scenes of misery are but lie our master in realit • and he isen- Robert Ling, .50, a labourer, was charged
3, . aged . . Hors.-The accounts from the Hop districts state the
fore, think it right to lay before the country. en
not found hi your dwellings ; for your bread is given titled even to his pound of flesh, if it is so set with unlawfully and maliciously setting fire to cer- plant has assumed a black appearance, and is completely
The writer professes to be Mr. George Saints- you, and your waters are sure I Such, however, down in the bond." Why might not these fees thin barns and outhouses, with the corn and grain covered with vermin; time duty is again fallen to 34,000/.
contained therein, belonging to Mr. Green, of
bury. The writer thus opens his case :- are the trials of many of the labouring poor in En be abolished altogether ; the Clerk of the Peace The prices of Hops are little varied.
" There are at the present moment many persons land ; and I feel no reluctance in stating that man , Witham.-Not Guilty. Lenroo.-There are few purchases at the late prices,
y made, as he ought to be, the servant of the
to be met with who, actuated no daabt by an honest of them have much harder labour, and en' fewer ----- and generally the market has a languid appearance. The
Joy
zeal in what they believe to be the cause of puma- comforts, than the generality of slaves in Jamaica., county, not the nominee and dependent of the NORTHERN CIRCUIT-YORK, AUG. G. sale at Liverpool consisted of about 1,000 chests, about
nity, are exerting themselves throughout the sphere " Let it be remembered, that Mr. Young did not
Lord Lieutenant, and his services paid for by a TATE V. LINTON AND WIFE. 200 were taken in or withdrawn, the remainder sold as
of their influence to discourage the use of West set this picture before an inexperienced audience, salary out of time county rate ? In the particular Mr. WILLIAMS stated the case. This was an nearly lie possible at the late India House prices.
•t hums PeovisroNs..-In Beef or Polk there is no varia-
India swear, because it is made by slaves-and re- ;a-tiara:it of the real situation of the negro slave; case in question, we should much doubt whether action of trover brought to recover the value of cer-
, ~
suf- tain wearing-apparel, tea-spoons, and other articles, ion. . The demand for Bacon has considerably revived,
commending as a substitute the sugar of the East In- be'ut before those whwe confidence it was the great the fee was demandable at all. Layino the and prices ls. a 2s. higher are asked, but there are few
die. `because that,' as they allege, cis the• pro- olmject of his miss on to gain, and who must have ferings of the individual out of the question, which the defendants had taken and converted to
~
, ta ey not their own use. The action arose out of something sales at the improvement. Dutch Butters are 2s. higheim
duce of free labour.' treated his admonitions with scorn had 1 however, we are rather glad that it was demand- like • - , , - on account of short supplies; Irish are heavy, at a reduc-
"As this recommendation, simple and easy of known and felt that the description 11 '• e had to them d• 1 that •t •1 • for 't '' 1. ill-blood between the families of the plaintiff and •
P non of Is. a 2s.
adoption as it may appear to the individual, is no less of their own condition and treatment was fahliful e , and I was pan.,i ts‘on y through defendant. The plaintiff had married a daughter of Cerraos.-There is no alteration in the Cotton Market.
than ; direct proposition to annihilate property to and true. the influence of gross and striking acts of in- the defendants without the consent of the female de-The •
purchases fur the week ending last night inclusive are
justice .
the amount of at least one hundred and fifty mil- " Thus, then, stands the case ; the British la- like this that any chance of permanent fendant, who, after the event had taken place, had considerable, consisting of 1,100 Bengal at 31-d. a 41d.
lions; to cut off from the national revenue not less bourer, though a free man, is too frequently the slave relief from such oppression is likely to
-be found. never regarded the marriage with satisfaction. Be 640 Surat at Stl(d. a 41al. ; 150 Madras at 2.1 d. ; 80 Per-
that as it might, this action certainly arose out of a natns at 6-V. a 7d. ; 60 Bowed at 6d. ; 230 Spanish at
than ten millions of annual income; and consee of want and of care; time negro, thotmeh a slave, is -Ibid.r,
belief on the part of the plaintiff that the indisposi- 61.1. ; 160 Egyptian at 6ild.
quently to create a necessity for additional taxes at wholly free from both. Let us beware how we A few ~.
(lays ago we entreated most serious at- tion of his wife to remain at his house had been TURPENTINE.-Some sales of the new are reported
home to supply that deficiency-it will be advisable meddle with his condition, unless we cats ensure him tent' ion to the recommendations of the Select caused by the interference of the female defendant. at "100t..-Bt/
before we act on such a recommendation to make a better. His master is at the present =mein spar- • •W00r..-By public sale on Wednesday, 250 bales Van
Committee of the House of Commons u
COITI • 1)On the In April last the plaintiff had had occasion to take a
ourselves so far acquainted with the subject in all its im, no expense to impart to him the best of kaow-Diemen's Land Wool S'id. a Bd., all of very bad quality.
' . •short journey, arid had 1-ft 11' subject of the improvement of the condition of , y. , , is wife at home in a
bearings, as to secure for what we do, not merely ledce, religious instruction, through which he mayl3y public sale on Thursday, 248 bales Van Diemen's Land
the approbation of our feelings, but time sanction of learn to appreciate the blessings of freedom. When the Labouring Poor of Ireland ; and we cannot feeble state of health, she having hut recently been Wool 40. a Is. 3,t1., 41 bags unwashed Spanish Wool
our judgment ; to be assured that while we ale lie does appreciate them, then let us think of making help again reverting to this important subject. confined. Upon his return he had discovered that ed. a 6d., 12 bales Cape Wool 91,1. a Is., 11 bales Ger-
dulinff his absence his wife had been taken away by man Is. a 2s.
auxious only to promote the cause of humanity, we him the offer. At present, it would be as absurd The great desideratum fbr time tranquillity of Ire- b
hersome mother, and that a variety of wearing apparel,
are not directly injuring it, and practising in ;to tender him the hungry freedom of the Briton- laud is, or rather would be, the providing em-PRICES OF HOPS.-Aug. 7.
of had belonged to himselfand
some to Kent Pockets-- -6/ Os. 61. 10s. to 71 7s.
to be thoroughly satisfied that the case is one which to him, literally, an empty sound. as itis injudicious ployment for her over-stocked poi- It • • • which
'
)elation. 1S his wife, had also been taken 'llray. He (Mr. Sussex Ditto
calls for our interference; and to ascertain, if we do to revolutionize a population of 800,000 souls, from Ii„ vain to expect peace and good order in an idle Williams) would state to them, that in point of law Esa:x Ditto- . el, 0,4 tw, lot, to 71. Oa.
interfere, that the remedy proposed is really prefer- the visionary hope of doing them service; or as it is i Farnham Ditto, Fine-.......-..-.. 0/. Os. 9/. Os. to 10/. Os.
ai d i 1 unemployed community ; and we have rea- the clothes worn by the wife were the property of seconds ----. ta. O. 71. lOs to 9/. Os.
able to the disorder. . . . • • • insane to think of repressing slavery by extending 1
• son to hope that the vigilance and activity of his the husband, arid that any one detaining them after Kent 1.1,,gs- --.. 5/. 03. 51. 12s. to 6/. Os.
" This, then, brings us to the point-it is the the cultivation of India."-Tinzes. Sussex Ditto ........._,..,„ • 4/. 10s. V. Bs. to 51. 12s.
Majesty's Government will fasten upon the a demand by bins was liable to an action for so doing. Essex Ditto....----- 51. Os. 51. 10s. to 61. Os.
fact which we are to admit, or to diprove,-shall -.-.
Ohl Duty laid at .£25,000.
We agree entirely with a cotemporary who i earliest opportunity,and the bestpractical
means, They had not been delivered tip, and the present
we, by encouraging the sugar culture of the east,
• •action had been the consequence. PRICE OF OIL.
discountenance, and as regards the supply of our has drawn thee /mon, attention, in strong and for carrying the principle into useful operation. _. Rape Oil, brown ...-...- 411. 6s. ........... Refined ....-...X39 0
John Kirby examined.-I am a post-boy. I re- Linseed Oil - . • 22 0
own market, abolish slavery ? pointed terms, to the late apparently profligate Time measure which passed in the course of last collect going with a chaise
" West India slavery, undoubtedly, we may ; for waste of the public money • the • • Session,• dwhichby its advocates was •in me appointment an
won the 28th April last. The plaintiff was not at
nothing is easier to abolish than an agricultural eonPRICE OF POTATOEug. 7.
of Mr. G• a , r. regson to the sinecure office of Ga- dered as a panacea for all the evils afflicting Ireland, home. Mrs. Tate and her mother (Mrs. Linton)
New Ware .---........-........- 3/. Os. to 3/. 10s• per ton.
le • we have but to deny them a vent for their
I) • zette-writer. If the appointment be not a sine- this time has up to this time acted inversely to all that was got into the chaise. They had two bundles, and a PRICES OF LEATHER_
as above recommended, and we promptly
produce, i
I i anticipated from it ; for in fact the measure has stool was put into the chaise after them. Ido not Per lb. d. to d.
l'er lb. d. toil.
d to their system, and themselves along cure one, we soall be obliged to any body wao ,Butts -........,:?0 to ;6.1b...., 19 201 Tanned Horse Hides- 17 21
put an en : been ceded to a medley of mixed passions and in- know what was inn the bundles. They were largeish
with it, by the simple process of starvation. will tell us in what its real duties consist. Tile I Dino,_ tto.-.....e0 to 661 b- 21 22 Spanish Ditto ................. 24 30 I
" So if it be the colonial proprietors, and the London Gazette is no longer a channel of offi-
a 1 terests-to clamour and importunity-to a de- bundles. I drove the chaise to Donnington, where Dressing Hides-- 14 17 Per dozen. 1
?itch Hides -- 19 21 Calf Skins....:)ii to 4111 b. 18 24 i
the defendants- live. Mrs. Tate and her mother got Flume C.
I fection in the most unexpected quarters from the clop Hides, :35 to 40Ib. 141 16 Ditto -........ JO to 70Ib. 23 29 I
negro labourers, and the unoffending offspring of
cial information in point of news, but is, in fact, ' - 70 to 801 b. 20 23 I
both, that we seek to get rid of-if it be the thou-
a mere vehicle of advertisements, which would I lirinciples of 1 6SS and the great cause of Pro-
Cross-examined-Mrs. Tate was very poorly.- Ditto _ .18 .214 Small Seals, Greenland 19; 211
_
sands of our fellow-countrymen and neighbours,testantism. But there are writers and talkers 1
RAW HIDES.
- rear to much more advantage in columns 1 . She required assistance to get out of the chaise. I
hospitable families or dependent widows and or- ale ! who would proceed to lengths still more vio- don't , er Stone. s. el. to s. d. . Per Stone. s. il. to s. d. t
wheel] are more resorted to. The Gazette itself (
hn- deriving their subsistence from the colonies,l lent •; and it is undisguisedly said that the Pro- Niiddlings-.....----2 2 2 6 Matket Calf- 6 Death.
P a s,Ann Craddock proved the same facts as the last
but residing in every county and almost every parish is a sealed book to the multitude, and might be (
i t t• t yeomanry of I. 1- 'should be disbanded! •
es an
throughout England-if it be these that wedesire dispensed with altogether by all but those wl
altogether by
those who I 'Well, take it that in unison with the mock-libe- which had been left by theplaintiffl had
when heW001...........-..-as. Ott.3 to Os. Od. I Shearlings...- os. at. to Os. 7d
nb-....- Is. Od. to Is. 6d.
to destroy, doubtless the power is in our own hands. have the printing, publishing, and the (nominal) i•
ra ism of the times they are disbanded, and we gone in the morning had been missing when he re- WIIITECH A PEL HAY M A RAE:T.-Aug. 6. I
But, was it these, or was it slavery, we were ad- writing of it. We say nominal, for to suppose that l , Hay ---503.0 d. to 80s. Od. I (lover -.. 654. Od. to 103 s. Od
fish wnat remaining instrument of protection, of turned at night. 'Witness went to Mr. Linton and
jured to annihilate ? It was professedly the latter. any body really writes its contents, except those who ' e' straw---eos. Od. to 445. Od.
Peace, there will be left to the Church and landed demanded the goods for her master. Mr. Linton
Let us see if our patronage of East India sugar advertise in it, I
am, the few official people that now I - ' • said he never would give them up, unless he was TO,PitiCE OF TALLOW, SOAP, &c. per 1121b.-Aug. 7.
Will do this. If it will not-if it will only crush Property in Ireland ? Disband the yeomanry, el 'l'allow ......-........ 425. Od. Yellow Soap. . ,-... 725. Mt 1
and then an account of some Royal death P compelled by law. Yellow Russia---- 395. Cd. slottled-w.. 7Bs. Od.
the evil in one hemisphere to cherish it in the ether give . - 10s. Ott. White....---,.......-.. 82s. Od.
other official announcement in it, would Cioss-examined-The plaintiff sent some clothes -.-
soap Ditto -, .18s. Graves .. -.. _......... 16s. Od. I
-we may really just us well continue to deal at the or
~ ,
wife by ,
*diculoos. As a sinecure office, then, it ought to wire witness at the same time that she Melted Stuff-- 3.25. NI Good Dregs-....................... 54. Od. 1
old market, since we gain nothing whatever for rt . e
for the rest. Had seen her master Ditto Rough., 22i. 00.
be abolished • and we give but little credit to .i
humanity-and, if good housewivesare not deceived, to , ~
intended ; but we trust that the Duke of North- this •Saw
him .
morning.
lose not a little out of our own pockets-by the the Government which can talk of economy, andof Tll • • ta, 1 h theT 11 ,Mlt ' ...----2s. 31d. Price aow (as s ..e, y ae v e ers)
umberland and his
in such an instance as this evince so utter a tees-PRICE OF CANDLES.
exchange. . dangerous and impclitic measure in contempla- knew his wife had just died. The price of Store Candles, in Ow retail shops, is as follows :- ]
The reader will perceive that this is written regard of it. Besides, to a man in health, and . " The bubble - • broken, Mr. 13 thick, Candles, per doz. Bs. Ott. to Os. 0,1. I Moulds, per dozen ..........9s. 6d.
• 11011. of emancipation is
with the tartness of a controversialist, and such with his faculties about him, tile very acceptanceCOAL MA II KOE-Aug. 7.
and tumults are bursting forth in every part of that after some experience in Courts of Justice, I
Adair's ..„-. 28s. 3d. Walls End Newmarch-, 295. 64. 1
is the tone of the pamphlet throughout. The of a sinecure place carries with it some degree of sa may venture to say, that without exception, and toetioireiro-- t 2,5 o Ditto Hilda -26 6 (
the country." Mr. O'Connell may be said to
existence of slavery in the East-its intensity, disgrace, as supposing him unfit for an office to beyond all and every comparison, this is the most bede s Main-....--... 46 6 Ditto Heaton----, 30 0
keep watch amid ward over the headlong passions . Boundary Moor.----- 'l5 0 Ditto Notthumberland 27 3 1
its progress and increase, are then stated and eehteli any duties are attached. Indeed, gene- '
of , infamous action that ever came beneath my notice. Felling Main-..........- 24 9 Ditto Peareth--- 25 6
a generous but mercurial people ; but he can Most in f 6 6 Ditto ' • •
liolywell-... , 2 . lel kins and Co.-. 27 6
proved from documents. We shall make an rally speaking, a sinecure reflects equal discredit
raise dogs in amour in its inception, but ten thousand
Kiliingworth .......--- 27 6 Ditto II idde11'5........ 29 0 1"
thee of ~ • cry havoc, and let slip the.
extract or two from passages under one or other upon the giver and the taker; and if we except
of etimes more scandalous in being persisted in, after Newburn ------ 26 6 Ditto nu • .
ssell's --..... 30 s I
war, whenever it
of these heads :- 3 few of those, such as nominal Governments • may eentee Windsor-a...ea- !25 6 Nesham Main 27 3
' inclination. The internal tranquillity of every driven to the grave by unkindness, and is now Tan field
" 4 The practice of stealing children from their wliiell are given as rewards for military and navall'anlield Lea--... 27 6 Walls End Lyons 28 3 ,
State and portion of a State must be secured or actually lying a corpse. It has been proved t . o you .
parents, and selling them fur slaves, has long pre- services, oothing would be more gratifying to • Pownley...--.----.----,•-• 26 6 Walls End Stewart's .... 31 0 '
that t t•
enforced ; for otherwise the security oflife and 1 e plaintiff, notwithstanding that event, is still winineton ..--. 27 9 Russell's Hetton's W. E. 30 9
railed in this country, and has greatly increased since the country than to them tne see lem all abolished. With ,at York• He was seen to-day prowling about this wYl'l" ‘ --- 28 0 Cowpen,._ , 27 9 i
the establishment of the English Government mproperty are precarious, to say time least. Ire- Walls End Bell and Co. 27 9 Hartley .......- es o i
regard to the oentleroan in question, he is, we I ICou • Court, and knowing well that his attorney, unless WallsEndßewickes:Co. 29 9 Silkstone Field and Co. 26 0 r.
it:-Minute, Bengal Consultation, p. 3.. b lend peculiarly requires, in time first place, that
h -ve in the mine of life oesessin talents •actually chained up, would rush like a bloodhound 13z°. 112.11,71,0 i id 67-- 27 9 Hebburn small ----. 16 3 ,
"It is very generally admitted that the price of acil. , I 'P- • . g I the strong arm of the law should • - 26 0 Londonderry small.* 19 6 i
slaves
has risen since the Company's Government : of 4 high order, and every way qualified to serve 1
tection to both, 1 • l ' stranger
w tic i is now almost a.upon his prey, will not hold up his little finger to
stop this cause, althot Imatter of d' ig 1 the - 25 6
Ships at market, 9:.:;%-Ships sold, 5314-Unsold, 4014. t
this is attributed to the increased demand for them ; the country sin a scene of • active operations. .- - e---____ I
in that extraordinary country. This great, ern- now be at an end. Such is the suit that • brought is
and the demand again owes its rise to aim extended We believe too, diet hp may have strong cIaimsCOUNTRY CORN MARKETS DURING THE WEEK. t
portant, nay we may add, paramount duty, has before you. My Learned Friend has told you that
cult i vation.'-p. 921. upon the country for services; already performed. wheat. Barley. Oats. Beans, f
been for years most unaccountably neglected ; the law allows a husband to bring an action against Per Quarter. - ,
"So much for the extended consumption of East iint then why are they not rewarded as they 70 71 ---------
Ashburn ---„,......
and it is known that the gentleman and the any one in whose house. his wife may stay, anti who
India sugar, which we are called on still further to they ought to be ? Why was he not ap- te. . Basingstoke -,....... 56 74 - - 19 21 39 43 1
- householder are obliged to barricade their houses, refuses, after notice, to deliver tip her clothes. I Beta
promote." - • 0 differ altogether from that statement. The law ma, Bridgewater --- 152 79 3% 38 21 35 48 52
"c As it is- not time interest of the landlords in .• in order that they and their families may sleep . .„
,e Bristol
oners, or one of tile commissioners in the . possioly be a savage code, but it cannot be so an- Chester.tield ........... GS 72 - - 26 4O 44 1
Malabar and Canara to sell the slaves who cultivate sl , . I
in securit a This is an unnatural, an unsafe,
surd
Lab".. enquiry e. 1 1 chart, . 1 ,
a iens,on for life, ob- ) . as well as savage as my Learned Friend would Derby - - 30 33 42 44
their lands, they usually dispose of the increasingand an unwise state of The law is only Devizes --........ 56 'lB 32 es 21 12 40 46
stock only, for which they have no immediate use; le as it would be in such a case, would . .
jectionab , partially recognized ill Ireland ; its violators are
things. represent it. For the consequence would be this
that if a man's wife came to m '
y house, driven there r
Doncaster 60 70 `26 31 19 33 41 54 ,
' Do chester 60 78 33 59 2:3 30 42 50 '
but their power to dispose of all their slaves, in- haVe been a better mode, we should think, of :
OpenlyProtected,and those 1 the con- by the •
who have le . le savage treatment of her husband, and if I, Exeter........-..-.. 45 81 30 35 20 34 37 44 1
Gloucester---.-... 62 72 30 36 26 30 42 45
dependently of their lands, seems undisputed:- rewarding Mu'. Gregson's services, than an ap-
Hungerford -........... 55 82 '29 37 20 3:1 - 44
rage to assert its dominion, are in the majority being required, refuse to become as great a savage as
p. 817. ponitment from which nothing but emolument
ofce Leicester . - 69 - 35 - 29 - 46 I
" Fri= Dacca, the chief officer writes to Go- awl be derived, and that ia a Manner go exceed-cases to fall its victims. The King's
1
. writ runs but partially in Ireland, and it is not back, and to leave not her shift to cover her-if, Romsey ................-. 55 '4l 33 ;:it,92 23 11 42 4548) 1
Immanent :- ingly odious to the community.--elloritsno after he has driven 1 • from his housewith her Shaftesburv-.......
let
4-8 52 31 37 20 31 41 50
b long since the process-servers have been tom- 66 •6 34 40 22 30 40 48
"' At this time many boats are between this Herald.clothes on, I refuse to pull them off, when an attor- sl
pelled to eat the process they had engaged Taunton.- . - 74 - -2.1 i 34 40 44
* It is Well known to housekeepers, that the sugar of the
A case of the most orieeous, we might say of ! t Without the security of life
ney comes and reads actingmole to me-I, for- Yeovil
Per Bushel. s. d. a. d. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d
East Indies is weaker, and possesses less of the property of grievous se o serve.
. . • ~ soot!), am liable t-
oan n. I will show you the Shrewsbury 10 6 11 8 5 6 6 2 6 3 7600 00 3
mast abominable oppression, occurred a short 1 i
anu property, emancipation is little better than nt of this
sweetening, . than that of the West Indies, ill the propor-treatment man to the unfortunate woman eos-- -
tion of two to three, and is about 2(1. per lb. Wisher in time since, the details of which transpired a few a farce ; it distracts and agitates, and " gives who is now no more. I will show you him before SCOTCH MARKETS. z
price. Thus if 211). of West India sugar at 61 lent days ago before the Lord Mayor, at the Man- i
buoyancy to demagogues tend mischievous Inen, the Magistrate, charged with cruelty and bound EDINBURGH CORN MARKEE-Aug. 5.
We had a small supply of Grain to-day. Wheat was
sweeten as much coffee as 31b. of Emit India sugar at Sd., sion -Teo
ri. use. It is in substance as follows ;- but does nothing more." Until that period ar- over to keep the peace •; at d 1 •f ' • feud i t ten,i you Call,(
the purchasers of the latter pay two shillings instead of A 0 a dull, yet rose 2s, on the top; best 845., current from 725.
for the plaintiff.
man was: bound over in the usual manlier, by rives, it is ridiculous to expect that British skill verdict
to sis. Barley, 415., current 355. to 40s. Oats, a small
one. Its eulogists, to be sure, will tell you, that you
Sarah Piercy examined -I • '
should not gru ge
d this trifle, in the great cause of Isti- recognizance in 40/.„ to prosecute and give eve- . , .„
,or capital will be extended to that portion of our . , . - was at servant to Mr. supply-, which sold readily at Is. up on time top, best
Trinity ; but let them at any rate first convince you, that deuce, at the last Clerkeowell and i Old Bailey empire, which might be, and ought to be, and Tate in 18-8. Ilis -conduct to his wife was very
bad. The first time I
saw him strike her, he struck
335. 60., current 295. to 31s. Pease and Beans Is. up;
best 345., current 365. to 40s. (
humanity is one tittle promoted, or slavery disoouraged, Sessions, against some person who had robbed would be, under good cultivation, more l
available, her on the head. She rose, and he struck her again Wheat. Barley. Oats. Pease. Beall&
by the sacrifice. him. This engagement he strictly fulfilled. The and more usefully productive than it ever yet has • a sms ea Vs (St 33s 6d 42s 0,1 42, WI
First - ,
b with the fire-shovel across her back. At Michael-
"lt is but fair, however, to admit, that if the one , . ~
was Second, Bll Oct 40s (St 31s Od 40s Od 40s 0,1 a
t net • d andconvicted, and the oro-
arraig.ne . be satisfied . been. When every man can that he hird
sugar surpasses; in s • trength, the other excels in fineness and 'mss Inche felled her against the oven, and dashed. lier
colour, or rather absence of colour. Though motif persons secutor and his witnesses were paid their ex- , shall reap in safety the fruits of his own soil, then face upon the table many times, she bled at her • PRICES OF PROMIONS, &C.
may Lave remarked the fine, sandy, colourless appearance penees ; and here, one would suppose, such. ato Os.7d. Fresh Butter,lllo3.Bd. to s will enterprise spring up in every direction ; eyes, and her face was black. In April he was Zete.ficrier lb. .... (los .
3d.
4 0 i Salt Ditto -. 0 8 0* 0 10,1 *
of East India sugar, some prabably are not aware how it matter would end. In a few days, however, this ,
when the Irish landholder and fanner can find taken before General Walton, a Magistrate, for ill- Ve111..1-.--- 0 3 0 9 Ditto, per Cu t. 66 0 70 0
Pork ~... 0 0 0 6 Eggs, per doe. 0 0 0 8
becomes so. It is same prosecutor was arrested, at the suit of the the market of England open for bis recompense, tisitig Mrs. Tate.
Lamb, per qr. 1 0 3 0 OatStraw(kp%) 6 0 0 0
"' By frequent treading in the sun, they produce the _,... Cross-examined-He was sometimes drunk, and Tallow, cwt.-28 0 SO 0 Wheat Ditto .... 7 0 0 0
_Keno for a debt, of 40/., iiicurred, as was alieg- without a rival importation of foreign • d to ,pi 0 LICC 10 011 Barley Ditto ~.„ 6 0 6 6
fine sugar.'-East India Suyar Report, e, 73. int
sometimes sober. He often struck her with his fists Quartern Loaf 0
" Timis work in the sun must be very laborious--to be ed, by not having fulfilled his recognizance. In undersell him, then will tillage spread itself over . 3" Potatoes, 1711 b. 0 5 0 0 Hay, per 5t..., o 6 0 8
sober. 1
sure they do it under favourable circumstances: vain did he remonstrate against the injustice of lands hitherto uncultivated. Ireland, wisely ao- when T EDINBURGH MEAL MARKET. -Aug. 4.
" 0 Hannah ruemayne lived with the plaimdiff as w i est a middling supply of Oatmeal at to-day's mar- ,
" "The sugar is now laid on canvass in the sun, where 1
tre proceeding-in vain did he endeavour to verned, may be used to the best purposes, or, .se Ih 1 • e '
it is trodden for a considerable time by men with naked • . rvant, ant at seen him beat Mrs. Tate both with ket, which met with a dull sale at an advance of ls. per -
- point out the impossibility of there being any badly governed, converted into a foe with whom . and 2d the retail.
feet.'-p. 202. open hands and with fists. On one occasion he sack,'
" Still it must be hot work sin the sun,' end in a tem- shadow of. foundation for it. The Sheriffs it will be difficult to deal.-Morning Post. nipped li,es,.throat until the blood came out of her 0 •.Solb. Imp. 1 p
re;,.,, Per i - £2• 30 I Firstegttmoitri
lot ]deb. Imp.
t.l- to Th..-- ____. ,t .....:.1 1. _..4,11 0 A f

'‘ Still it must be hot work in the sun,' end in a tem-
perature like that of Bengal ; for
This climate is considerably hotter than the West
7.
'‘ However, the trampling the sugar with the feet
naked' awst be a great einufort—to the poor perspiring
labourer."

A case of the most grievous, we might say of
mot abominable oppression, occurred a short
time sinca, the details of which transpired a few
days ago before the Lord Mayor, at the Man-
sion House. It is in substance as follows ;
A man was bound over in the usual manner, by
recognizance in 40/„ to prosecute and give evi-
dence, at the last Clerkenwell and Old Bailey
Sessions, against some person who had robbed
him. This engagement he strictly fulfilled. The
thief was arraigned and convicted, and the pro-•
secutor and his witnesses were paid their ex-
pences ; and here, one would suppose, such. a
matter would end. In a few days, however, this
same prosecutor was arrested, at the suit of the
King, for a debt of 401., incurred, as was alleg-
ed, by not having fulfilled his recognizance. In
vain did he remonstrate against the injustice of
the proceeding—in vain (lid he endeavour to
point out the impossibility of there being any
shadow of foundation for it. The Sheriff's
officer was inexorable. " Every man," said he,
" might say it was a mistake—that lie was not
the man ; and we should not only lose our cap-
' tions, but the Sheriff would be sued for an
this logic was
escape." Under the influence of

Hannah Truemayne lived with the plaintiff as
servant, and had seen him beat Mrs. Tate both with
open hands and with fists. On one occasion he
nipped her throat until the blood came out of her
mouth. Witness saw him ride on horseback in the
house two or three times. Mrs. Tate was then
great with child. Witness saw him take Mrs. Tate
by the hair of the head, and dash her against the
table. The Jury returned a verdict for the defendants.

EDINBURGH MEAL MARKET. —Aug. 4.
We had a middling supply of Oatmeal at to-day's mar-
ket, which met with a dull sale at an advance of ls. per
sack, and 2d. on the retail.
Per Sack of 2SCIU. Imp.
First Oatmeal £2 3 0
Second ditto 2 0 0
Barleymeal 1 11 0
Peasemeal 1 10 0
Pot Barley—No. I, per cwt. 11

Per Stone of tub.
First Oatmeal . £0 2 4
Second ditto
Barleymeal 0 1 10
react-neat
.-2d, 1G,.-3d, 186.—Poatl 225.

Last week, as a shepherd, with a lighted pipe,
was crossing Blagdon Hill, near Dorset, by some :acci-
dent, the fire in his pipe ignited the turf and furze, which
were consuroecl to the extent of nearly an acre.

GLASGOW CORN MARKET.-Aug. 5.
Wheat has been in good demand. Oats ban been more
