UVRN ING i,`! ti iTi ON'

THE BOULOGNE ATTEMPT.

7kIAL OF PRINCE LOUIS NAPOLEON AND
HIS CONFEDERATES.
Pnals MONDAY, SEPT. 2S.—The nephew of an
ellitror, and ton of a king stood this day at the bar of
theottijourt of Peers, summoned by Royal ordonnance of'
s ! Napoleon Louis Bonaparte arraigned
yetore the
•eers, the majority of whom were created by
tis
uncle Prince Louis Ntapoleon occupying the sta-
ll occupied previously by a Fieschi, an Abboud, and
a e Barb tSuch
ibis s ! was the strange spectacle exhibited
uaY--such the curious coincidences which presented
,;.themselves in the annual monstre proces exhibition of
71Luxembourg Peers ! Barricachsin versus Lope-
,..tivii the euuse—the sovereignty of the people the
raeiple—and the Royalty of July against the days of
ele empire ! Of the Boulogne attempt it will be unne-
asry to real the principal facts. It took place so re-
tentlY that tlie events are fresh in the recollection. It was
00 tbp
eteb—aric6tdb of August that Prince Louis Napoleon dis
theDo e at Viwereux. On the Bth the requisitoire of
, aaY Procureur-General took place before the Cour
fes?4le• On the 9th a Royal Ordonnance was issued de-
ferring the trial of the affair to the Court of Peers. On
lu!,lBth the
-..e Court met and appointed its committee ;
ihu,,aa Tuesday, Sept. 15, M. Persil read the report
bliertuie presence of 137 Peers, and the Procureur-Ge-
-141 M. Franck Carre, read his requisitone. On the
s 01
.10110 September the decree of the Court ordered the
to wing nineteen prisoners (thirty-six were released)
:
teL Prince on their trial this day :
e _rince Charles Louis Napoleon Bonaparte
,k;olaite General uharles Tristan de Montholon
.beel_o.nel Jean Baptiste Voisin:
Dents Charles Parquin, Commandant
IPPelyte Francois Athale Sebastien Bouffet Mon-
tauba n, Colonel
st:°!le Laborde, Lieut.-Colonel
juieerm Louis Le Duff de Mesonan, Chef d'Escadron
14_1 Barthelemy Lombard, Captain
Ilenri
Conneau, Doctor
4.4.4 Giibert Victor Fialin de Persigny, Captain and
Aii;itlesde-Camp
ed d'Almbert, Prince's Secretary
doh, Orsi, Merchant
14.'istr Alexandre, dit Desjardins, Captain
lea Galvani, Sub-Intendant (Military)
• P°lenn Ornano, Officer of Dragoons
4414,4 Baptiste Theodore Forestier, Officer
',2,214 Eugene Bataille, Civil Engineer
'5,;77. Baptiste Charles Aladenize, Lieutenant of the 4ild
the Line
1.11,r. re Jean Francois Bure, Commercial Clerk
'ati Richard Siegfroi de Querelles (absent), Lieute-
Thilik
din Vourlat (absent).
a Saturday morning the Duke Danes, M. Po-
Sae
commandant of the Palace, the Adjutant of the
Q+ her, and a commission of architects, visited the
i;;,.4 at the Petit Luxembourg. A. similar inspec-
sh read been made on Thursday by the Minister of
the taterior. During the day the Palace and its ap-
iiprlea were occupied by troops to the number of
xjrus of two thousand. They belonged to the 4th
11;;IIment of the line, the first company of veteran
•"eanamissioned officers, the Municipal Guard, and
,4of the line. The Commandant of the Palace,
taffcumPanied by a Chet de Bataillon and a Captain of the
t, after inspecting the troops, saw cartridges distri-
4ed to them all. The officers and non-commissioned
eers were then formed in a circle, and received
the order of the day, with the password, and general
ati *tractions. The troops retired to their respective
tklts, and sentinels were placed at every point. Two
e4th" •tutnies of fifty men each, one from the Municipal
Guard.
and the other from the line, were sent to
prison,"" e possession of the Chemin de Ronde of the
as was done at the trial of Barbes and his
w
ace,—,•
Paces. Prince Louis and the other prison-
ers
were removed from the Conciergerie to the Lux-
,tehatbaurg the same evening. Double sentinels are at all
.4: Rates. The private garden of the Chancellor, the
,‘ .all and groves of the public garden, the nursery, the
'court_,. and passage of the orangery, are guarded by lines
sentinels , placed at about twenty yards from each
.ther. The entrance into the garden from the Rue de
• Vanguard, opposite the Rue Ferou, and which is the
;principal entrance into the prison, is closed and well
`ttured. The barracks in the Rue de Tournon and the
ti'ltae des Gres have been strongly reinforced.
The exterior of the Palace of the Luxembourg this
''.l4° . 'fling presented nothing remarkable. There was no
Ittltraordinary display of troops, nor was there any
..,:v...rawdsave a few idle stragglers who were lounging
'mit in order to see those that arrived. The utmost
teeautions had been adopted in order to interdict
ingress of of
In all persons who were not provided
the court-yard there was the usual
tle
• of those employed in and about the trial
talcseek-
fur their respective places, the new Court being
°ll)°,,,led for the first time on this occasion. It presents
deviation from the former one, though it is larger,
s:4/,.°•
"440 the reporters' gallery is unquestionably the most
,s9Wtved place that could possibly be conceived. It
tilt extreme right of the Court, so that the Go-
GetieTmt twosecutors, the Procureur-General, Avocat-
' whoseal sl
ild his adjoints, turn their backs on those
this duty it is to give a true and faithful account of
hear ruleatons affair, independent of being able to
teithii ut very imperfectly. The Court has been but
sattivorar
r Y arranged for the occasion. It is of the
pla,torm
as the old one, and the Peers' seats are
• trials, ,
in Precisely the same order as on all former
, was % with this exception, that round the Court there
ThAlle," appropriated for e euties.
petc rresident of the Court D p
of Peers occupies a
rid to the extreme left, and the Procureur-Gene-
flp pond his adjoints are to the extreme right, nearly
fo ,BLi to that of the President. The place allotted
Co the prisoners is directly in front of the whole
then' being disposed as on the trial of Barbes and
114,3 others for the May affair. The prisoners' counsel
t" appropriated to them in front of the accused.
. tfipl' an early hour the reserved places for the corps
heis°744li7ae, and the public, were all occupied, there
%sit threei. galleries appropriated for that purpose—
eiti° °L the reporters being divided into two, the dispo-
tlte.:l of the Court allowing of no other arrangement,
Avel being but four principal niches, distributed into
eumPartments each. Previous to the commence-
t°Zt af the proceedings the gentlemen of the long robe
pera!ileir seats, amongst whom were Messrs. C. Ledru,
of thl"ad Barrot, &c. At half-past twelve the whole
pre he accused were introduced into Court. They were
haseetled by a buissier ; then came two gendarmes, fol..
tie ed by Prince Louis Napoleon, and General Count
n6htOntleolon, a lieutenant of gendarmes sitting on the
al‘ the Prince ; then a gendarme, then Col. Voisin,
tad }_ ;ia arm in a suing, and M. le Duff de Mcsonan,
others in rotation. The Prince was attended by
1004 erryer, with whom he entered into conversat:on as
dre,, as be took his scat. Prince Louis Napoleon was
' nithted in a black dress coat, which was buttoned up,
and La white waistcoat underneath, and black trousers
41511 He wore a large star on his left breast, and
theeltred Perfectly composed. About a quarter to one
realueLers entered and took their places, and it was
Pas keg that several of them saluted the Prince en
be -41. The President having declared the Court to
costita
eallo utcd, the names of the Peers were severally
'ltec' over by the Chief Registrar. The whole of the
• of vied evinced the most lively interest during this part
thatae r ceremony, and cast a most anxious eye on those
• Peerscslk)nded to the call. The attendance of the
Was by no means so numerous as might have
,alt(ltill)eet;Itl, there not being more than 140 present,
. e bench appropriated for the Deputies did not
the more than a dozen individuals. 'lle names of
I.l'ensed were then called over as above.
1
V/resident then ordered
. the decree constituting
'Ale; ' amber of Peers into a Court of Justice, and
411(1-1 of accusation to be read ; but as our readers
' read), acquainted with the nature of it, as it occu.
kaseloeventy-four pages of printed matter, and as,
eoltt°:;vs the same has already appeared in the
that of The Sun, it is only necessary to observe
41 Artie accused are charged with having, on the 6th
lvhiehtt'st last, been guilty of an attempt, the object of
tO exei ita
ll either to destroy or change the Government,
as t:e the citizens to arm against the Royal authority,
tit; "ette to civil war by arming, or in inciting the
.sen • ,
the," Inhabitants to arm one against the other,
, • ke,e,s which are provided for by articles 87, 88, 89,
two
of the penal code.
two hr_ reading of the act of accusation occupied nearly

1,0_" 4ours
,• after which the Court adjourned for half an
r, and the prisoners withdrew.
1 tecie,,°l-onel Voisin, being still a sufferer from his wound,tt.e
reisted permission t retire before the reading the
14
. It-
°I. accusatio • finished o
which was 0 prince
•sion to address
11, 0 Louis Napoleon asked permission
the fol-
- ,-,ourt, he written paper
granted toe him.
~ .le . , when read from a 0. wmg speech :
1 4,, ~r.
afire'
tr,„rer:e:trothr4eisfiersntlytime in ' life it is at length permitted
I^.• " nrnen,
withstanding the
voice 6 imnFrance, and to speak freely to
.“ Notwithstandin, the guards who surround me, not-
filled %via the
remembrance accusations t..liat 1 havvetjulitilicioaore(li:
'n Trio finning myself with'n the walls of this Senate,
11.' midst, of you whom I know, Gentlemen, I can-
t tree believe that it is necessary for rue to justify myself
here,Allor that you can be my judges.
solemn occasion is presented to me to explain to
I.IIY fellow-citizens my conduct, my resolutions, my pro-
Jects--what I think, and what I desire. If, without
tilde ‘Nithout weakness, I recal the rights placid in
theati:'t'hnellssenrti.gmlitys fialati:p.,it is only to speak of the duties
imposed upon us all.
f" For fifty years that the principle of the sovereignty
° the people has been consecrated in France by the
never has the national will been more solemnly pro-
A ned, never been more established by votes as free
4 andas numerous as those for the adoption of the con-
4,i' ItitUtiong of the empire.
Ia " The nation has not attained this great act of its
slyi ' Gov he
and N :poleon has said :—` Everything
iittl., tehich is riot dohe by the nation is illegal.' Be, there-
!%l(l ,- itnure., o.n your guardegainst believing for a moment that
" giving Way to the dictates of personal ambition I may

_ .
have wished to attempt in France, in despite of the
country, an Imperial restoration. I have been formed
and brought up under high lessons, and I have lived
under noble examples. lam barn of a father who de-
scended from his throne, without regret, the day when
he no longer thought it possible to reconcile: with the
interests of France the interests of the peonle whom he
had been called upon to govern. The Emperor, my
uncle, preferred to abdicate the empire rather than ac-
cept, by treat es, the limited frontiers which might ex-
pose France to the threats and disdain which arc at this
moment launched at her from abroad.
" To cause the triumph of the will of the people—to
serve the interest of the people—to maintain France at
the elevated point she ought to occupy, from her genius,
her military force, her civilizing power—these are the
political principles which the history of my family has
revealed to my youth, and which alone have dictated
my resolutions.
" Never for one day have I ceased to remember
these lessons. The undeserved proscription which, for
twenty-five 3ears, has accompanied my life from the
glorious throne on the steps of which 1 was born down
to the prisons, which I have just left, has not sufficed
to irritate me or to cause me to despair—it has not for
one moment estranged me from the dignity, the glory,
the right and intere.ts of France.
" When in 1830 the people re•conquered the so-
vereignty of the people, when you proclaimed this
great dogma of modern politics, we had a right
to conclude that the result of the conquest would
respond to the conquest itself ; but the country
has had its sad experience these last ten years! In
the present juncture of affairs I thought that the vote
of four millions of citizens who had confided to my
family the destinies of France imposed upon us at least
the duty to make an appeal to the nation, in order to
ask its will. I thought that it appertained to no person
to place himself as an oltstacle to acknowledged rights,
and their natural consequences. I believed perhaps
also, that if, in the midst of the national congress I
wished to convoke, some pretensions might he heard, I
might have the right to awaken the striking reminis-
cences of the Empire, to display in the eyes of France
(now weakened and almost unrecognised in the Con-
gress of Kings), France, at that time so strong at home,
so powerful and respected abroad. The nation would
have been free to have pronounced, republic or mo-
narchy, empire or royalty, as all emanates,from its will,
and all is dependent upon its opinion. Before the ma-
nifest expression of its wishes, in my eyes, every con-
trary pretension is destroyed.
" There was no conspiracy. There were no accom-
plices. Alone I did all. I resolved upon everything.
Nobody knew beforehand either my projects, my re-
sources, or my hopes. If lam guilty towards any one
in the world it is against the friends who have followed
me. They will not, however, accuse me of having
abused courage and devotion like their own ! They
will comprehend the prudential and honourable motives
which do not allow me to reveal, to them even, how
powerful and extensive were fly reasons to hope its

success.
" One word more, Gentlemen. I represent before
you a principle, a cause, and a defeat.
" The principle is the sovereignty of the people.
" The cause is that of the Empire.
" The defeat is that of Waterloo!
" The principle you have acknowledged—the cause
you have served under—and the defeat you wish to

avenge.
There is no difference between you and me, and I
will not believe that I can be now devoted to bear the
punishment of the defection of others.
" Representative of a political cause, I cannot accept as
judge of my wishes and acts a political jurisdiction. Your
forms deceive nobody. In the conflict now beginning in
this place there are only the conquerors and the con-
quered. If you are the former I have no justice to
expect from you, and you have no right to impose upon
me your generosity."
Baron Pasquier, after the speech, which was heard
amidst profound attention, was proceeding in his inter•
rogatory when our reporter left ; but the questions and
replies were inaudible, and a greffier had to communi-
cate the former to the Prince. The prisoners were all
in good spirits, and remarkably well-dressed.
The following are the names of the accused and their

counsel :
Prince Louis Napoleon, Count Month°lon—M. Ber
ryer, and M. Marie, assistant counsel.
Colonel Voisin—M. Ferdinand Barrot.
Le Duff de Mesonan—M. Delacour.
Denis Charles Parquin—M. Ferdinand Barrot.
Bouffet Montauban—M. Barillon.
Lombard—M. Barillon.
Fialin de Persigny—M. Barillon,
Forestier—M. Decluseaux, and M. Forestier, his bro
ther, assistant counsel.
Bataille—M. Ferdinand Barrot.
Aladenize—M. Favre, and M. Pinide, assistant counsel
Laborde—M. Nogent de St. Laurent.
Alexandre, called Desjardins—M. Ferdinand Barrot.
Cnnneau—M. Barillon.
Ornano—M. Lignier.
Galvani—M. Lignier.
D'Almbert—M. Lignier and M. Edouard d'Almber
assistant counsel, his brother.
Orsi—M. Lignier.
Bure—M. Lignier.
The following is the list of witnesses summoned by
the Procureur-General :
Relative to the disembarkation and march upon Bou-
logne-sur-Mer—Jacques Guilbert, Custom-house Briga-
dier ; Pierre Nicolas Bally, Lieutenant of Vimereux
Custom-house.
Relative to the attack upon the post of the Place
d'Alton—Coisy (Jean Baptiste), of the 42d of the Line;
Morange, sergeant of grenadiers ; Senet, of the 42d.
Relative to the facts at the barracks of Boulogne-sur-
Mer—Zebore, Gendre, Rinch, voltigeurs ; Chapolart,
sergeant ; GeoNry, grenadier major ; Colonel Puggel-
lier ; Lieutenant De Maussior, of the 4:ld ; Lieutenant
Ragou la Lentere, ditto.
Relative to the general facts of the attempt—Launay
le Provost, sub-prefect of Boulogne ; Alexandre Adam,
mayor of Boulogne ; Colonel Sausat, of the National
Guards ; Bageret, commissary of police ; Lieu
Pollet, of the port of Boulogne.
Relative to the accused Lombard—Lejeune, smith in
general, Boulogne•sur-Mer ; Noel, mason of Boulogne.
Relative to the accused Duff de Mesonan—Magnan,
Mareschal de Camp, commanding the northern depart-
ment at Lisle; Cabour Duhay, chef d'escadron on the
staff, attached to the 16th military division at Lisle.
Relative to the accused Bataille Forestier and Ala-
denize—Mesureur, innkeeper, Boulogne ; Padtort, por-
ter of the Hotel des Babas, Boulogne ; Legrand, clothes
salesman, Paris.

SYRIA.

(From the Journal des Debuts.)
The eyes of the world are turned towards Syria,
which, it seems, is to be restored to the Porte, and is to
prove an anodyne to restore Turkey to all its pristine
strength. Let us, then, consult all late travellers—the
Duke of Ragusa, M. Lamartine, Slade, and Clot B2y.
and sum up what they all say on the subject.
Syria is not a nation, but a collection of tribes, sepa-
rated one from the other by religion especially, but also
by diversity of interests and ideas. Such a position
leads to anarchy, and such was the state of the country
before Mehemet Ali conquered it.
Clot Bey, in his work, compares the state of Syria'
under Turkish dominion, with Albania, and he is right.
It is the same want of order and government ; it is the
same career open to all adventurers who wish to strike
a lucky blow. In Syria, before Mehemet Ali, power
belonged to whosoever could take it—to whoever was
the strongest or the most cruel. The idea of
any order or regularity in the transmission of
power had by degrees been effaced frem all
minds. It was not the Sultan who gave
the authority ; it was chance, or force, and the
worst kind of force—the capricious and the changing.
An old Syrian Turk told in one word the history of
Syria under the Ottoman dominion. He was asked
what he thought would happen in Syria if Mehemet Ali
and his son Ibraham should die. " When Meheme!
Ali and his son Ibraham die," answered he,
Syrian will look at another any say, Who will govern
us ?' One will say, The son of Ibraham or Tossoun
(the second son of Mehemet Ali, who died, leaving a
son, Abbas-Pacha) ; another, A Pacha, who is coming
from Constantinople ;' bai while they are thus deliberat-
ing, a man will suddenly start up, whom nobody knows,
and say, You are all fools ; 1 am your master, and
will cut off the head of whosoever says the contrary.'
Then all will hold their tongues, and the Porte will
say it is well. I have perhaps seen in my lifetime ten
Paellas replaced in that manner." Thus for the Syrians,
accustomed as they are to the government of chance, the
power of Mehemet Ali is still but an accident. But we
must own that this difficulty, which they have in believing
in the stability of any thing powerful, testifies against the
manner in which the Ottoman Porte governed Syria, and it
is sad to think that four European Powers are solemnly
leagued to re-establish such an anarchy. And do not
imagine the words of the old Turk an exaggeration of
an epigram. Such was the state of things. Sonic facts
gathered here and there prove it. Abdalla
whoni Ibrahim drove from St. Jean d'Acre and made pri-
soner, was son of a slave of Djezzar Pacha. His father
had seized upon the Pachalic of St. Jean d'Acre on the
death of Djezzar, and he succeeded his father. But
this transmission seemed a kind of wonder, and Abdal-
lah Pacha did not fail to say proudly that the Pachalie
of Acre had been hereditary in his family for three ge-
nerations ; for his father had succeeded Djezzar, whose
slave he was, and himself had succeeded his father :
words which at once indicate what opinions Eastern na-
tions have of slavery, which is a kind of adoption, and
the astonishment which an heritage of three generations
must inspire in Syria. It is true that in sovereignty an
heritage of three generations becomes a rare thing,
even in the East.
Abdallah, to prevent Syria losing her habits of
trouble and disorder, had revolted against the Sultan,
and being conquered, implored the protection of the
Pacha of Egypt, who, says M. de Lamartine, purchased
his pardon of the Divan. Soon after he made war against

~ one
