SALE OF MILITARY COMMISSIONS.

„TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN,
'altßa..-I have been somewhat surprised, since the
ol:Pearance of the Duke of Wellington's elaborate defence
the purchase of commissions in the army, that none of
Illese who suffer from the practice should have started up
expose its sophistry, and to call upon a Reform Parlia-
::at, and a generous country, to remedy the abuse. Such
thLaet on the pact of the illustrious warrior, who has thus
sriatVri thh weight of his 'great name into the scale, in
(7er to crush the claims of the meritorious and deserving
tt.l:Tiasing their sufferings with a single unfeeling para-
-4,4* and reducing the whole to a mere matter of
sihillings, and pence), need excite no surprise,
tsto.-” been, with the exception of a cersain class, most
riously forgeiful of those without whose assistance he
bald
never have achieved the wonders of the Peninsular
War• It is but natural that the man, who has been the
4 44Yiel'
b inR opponent of Reform, under every shape, should
"deP forward in defence of an antiquated abuse, which
noan in the reign of the second Charles (fit parent for
n:" an offsprin, and has continued, under tbe fostering
riftedthfitfa. succeCommanders-in-Chief, to enable those
givepers, the Aristocracy, to provide cheaply
hn'T uppers,
children, whilst it crushed the hopes
fiat 4"ted the prospect of the deserving soldier. It. is
nat
ttabieduthal. I repeat, that he should defend a system which
son of the woman he pensioned, torise with
tope wPled rapidity to the top of the profession; but. it
a,:the t° me somewhat strange, that the military Premier
-e Profuse dispenser of pensions to those who had no
4; Whatever on the gratitude of the country,. should.
too
the score of economy. His experiments in
lO thh"Y' if I remember right, extended little farther than
e distnissal of a few miserable clerks, and ill paid under-
e; Whilst he refrained, with characteristic prudence,
141,,rneddling with abuses nearer home, and thus left to
astnii-re Ministry the glory of setting an example of eco-
tat Yl' by beginning with a reduction of their own salaries.
rant' "lust not " travel out of the record," or dwell upon
ta,:,,rB the merits of which have been long since dis-
t nr, and therefore return to the subject which called
L'" these observations, viz., the Duke's Memorandum,
Illded to the Report of the Parliamentary Committee.
hyontace, after a few preliminary sentences, setsottiot
ati""arving, that the practice of purchase "extends
totaeast three-fourths of all the officers appointed to fill
NpillsisBiana;" and this he repeats in a subsequent para.
the if with a view of impressing on the minds of
Public that the number of those who do not purchase
t ers
aktiny°,4l, and the consequent suffering from its ope-
'4 sitaitecl to a very narrow circle. That at lea!t
eaente.'aurths ef all the officers in the army purchase their
bat Tni"iana „ might, I think, be very easily disroved ;
t:loa,ebve-nt admitting the correctness of the Duke's asses-
10rn't remembered that this is the case at present ;
'4at d matt
safely assert, without the fear of contradiction,
Pla ting the war, when
thencmpaigns were held in other
tageeBo,"aa in ball-room., number did not nee!. ave-
lierriWe half of the officers bolding commissions in the
,ueen Since that period, the number purchasing has
"avi ;"exampled, the sale of unattached commissions
Miilne°,°Pened a floodgate of abuse which still . continues ;
no ,11"4e officers (to the Duke's shame be it spoken)
laa'es4,F7ed most through the Peninsular campaigns,
!aired b°' benefitting by the lavish patronage thus ac-
ilyd.,Y the Commander-in-Chief, saw themselves spee-
-4d I:,;aneed, in the race for promotion, by others who
ee tit -ver seen a shot fired, and who bad no other claim
That service than that which their money afforded.
veiaQlpractice is so general as to be almost uni
Qta2 i 8 an observation apparently shoved in by his
fenl-vti for the purpose of withholding the public sympathy
nisdibose whom this document is intended to crush, and
That in the same spirit with that I have already quoted.
*II, it is utterly untrue, must be evident to any person
Watbed
his eye over the army list, or who has
that the columns of the Gazette, and is aware
the the privilege of purchase does not extend to
eh 4 artillery and engineers. I have never heard it asserted
by efficiency of these two splendid corps was injured
peti4ir being spared an inundation of youtg and inex-
okitaced officers, although they might be "mess of fortune
inie,:ducation," and " have some connection with the
Iniiiista and fortunes of the country bes,ides the cong.
be t 1).4 which they hold from his Majesty. ' I shall
s aid. it is the opinion of his Grace that the pron
the
1° a act-
that a mercenary army." Ido not mean
:en that
. Grace is a mercenary soldier, because he
enantrt„h" enJaYment of an enormous income from the
Patro,,'"a addition to the many titles and consequent
hoallge conferred on him, but I do assert, that the
as tree fen Whom he thus indirectly stigmatizes, are quite
and e,,ararn mercenary motives, as the "men of fortune
sad I'/cation" to whom he alludes in this paragraph ;
atsneeaeg.to remind him, at the same time, of a circum-
tho,Which he seems to have forgotten, that the majority
the 11,e, Officers who shed their blood so unsparingly in
then h`nt'neula, were men who had risen to the the
(iss,„-e'd, without purchase. To these men, ,however
tw,;'Y of whom are at present subalterns of upwards: of
kentY years' standing) the Duke, with characteristic
ticer,a,litY, addresses himself I—" Neither is it the prac_
e-' lhoth the generous Duke, " of the officers at the
nlil4.°f the army to refuse permission to sell their corn-
nee„:"B to those under the rank of Colonels of regi-
leck-'5 who had served for twenty years, although they
Ivareinet purchased their commissions." Alunificent re-
for twenty years' slavery to those duties which his
14elsewhere so eloquently describes ! Can there be
smokers more pitiful than this, to hold out to the subal.
1111:in° had served under him at Waterloo, and is still a
Isle o'crn, the splendid remuneration arising from the
Worth„ his subaltern's commission? Truly the e gibe is
fottet,' L"f hie Grace, and I trust will not easily be for-
'adeea "Y those to whom it is addressed. They are,
bit o'to use the words of the poet, who has measured
ilea'a mind so justly,—
`ad "The broken tools that tyrants cast away,"
-.0, °llly look to the country, and the Members
which 117, 'nem Parliament, for the remedy of an abuse,
flat t,s as injurious to the community as it is un-
aatvey: the individual sufferer. It may be asserted,
644 ,r, that the Duke's authority, with respect to the
at t::1 oPeration of the system, ought to be conclusive ;
440Ni:eah the country to consider, that he is. merely
Z`ef "e the interests of a particular and exclusive
.class
°''e whom I have elsewhere designated Hereditary
hietleer::,,aa,d who would suffer severely if the practice were
I;ll°,4llity-:;°J_ the Legislature ; as. the younger sons of the
inve tr) "° chiefly profit by it, would, in that case,
aotun'augh their way through the field of promotion
' his with humbler neophytes. In fact, the whole
v.Piri:niria,ae'l argument, from beginning.. to end, is in the
Larated ""ercenary calculation, in which the system is ad-
-7'4 re." the ground of expediency alone, without the
Iveen regal
to iusti and no comparison instituted -
4144 note '''!%ciencycoefother services, in which purchasing..
ber x; exist and our own. In no other service has it
k".tneels:ted---ilnd I think it will be difficult to prove the
ga ,irrnY in any respect inferior to ours, particularly
,ish,-;tiltioetiatitaleiescainletelligence and efficiency of its officers ;
of promotion in that army,
ha.t leastme
Ch.,441. the period when Bonaparte achieved
,"uiy• „- triumphs was solely regulated by the merit of the
thel4;alt Withouts reference to the splendour of his birds,
in er;tQount of his pecuniary advantages.
'bfally'llniusion Mr. Editor, I beg to observe, that while
;4'Y 4,,,1ree with luxuriant,:
in thinking, " the abuses in both
hs'txte ~-"" navy so luxuriant, and the growth of so many
Zer,e;,%, tO. require being " lopped away without
think you will readily concede that a system,
'gat ofiaeotnnatent with the institutions of a free nation, as
Itthltr.nthe Purchase of commissions (or of any situation
)011tetfer;:vernment) is an abuse which calls loudly for the
sieh, -re of the Legislature and one to the root of
c't
too ,-;°et.its manifest injust'ice, the axe of reform call-
a be laid. VINDEX.
kNi •
1/42 by Po Int of fact, the promotion of the officers of the
ICher;,,,hase is a saving of expense to the public, and
m' ickai:Val to the service, although it falls severely upon

41dr ,e,Mitiister of the Interior in France, has
Astuteesim, a circular to the Prefects of the Maritime Dee-
hyero , authorising the despatch of expresses. fromtb
ging I) "Ports, by merchants and others, without their
tt74.orfinder the necessity of applying to the General
4 the te, but on condition that the letters sent be taken
lbenot l'?"•office of the place of departure, and the
„ /34 of
Postage of each paid in advance.
I.'eti at ,°lldav morning last an awful event oc-
,,,,,Private t(llre George Inn, Mitchelde.an, Gloucestershire.
to'llY to ti ,the Bth Hussars, on his way from Aberga-
I take ie nead.quarters of the regiment at Glouce.ster,
`4IH " trial for insubordination, managed to seize a
r,f ; rtirbio
't to h. e from one of his guards, placed the muzzle
'e le breast, and shot himself through the heart.
)4, ecased „,
to B°i a as a very fine young man, only nineteen.
lodtiohi ge, a native of Ireland, and unhappily addicted
ipdY in -I
A Coroner's inquest was held upon the
the afternoon, and a verdict returned of felo de
94founde Pocket of the wretched and misguided man
tt l,tt that !"'eok, attached to which was a riband, and a
4ergitve might be conveyed to a young woman in
-"Y•*--IVonntouthatire Ahr/in.

FRENCH PAPERS.

(From the Journals of Tuesday.)

A courier was sent off for Madrid on Sunday, by
the Minister for Foreign Affairs, to convey to M.
de Rayneval letters which accredit him as Am-
bassador of the King of the French to the Regent
of Spain.
About twenty minutes after one o'clock yester-
day, as Count Pozzo di Borgo was getting into his
carriage, M. Fabricus, the Dutch Charge d'Affaires,
Baron Werther, the Prussian Ambassador, the
Austrian Charge d'Affaires, and the Spanish Am-
bassador, Count Colombi, arrived at the Russian
Embassy, and held a conference with the Count,
which lasted till half-past two.
The steam-vessel the Wagner, which left Algiers
on the 4th inst., and arrived at Toulon on the Bth,
brings the following particulars respecting the cap-
ture of Bugia

" The loss of the French is estimated at three
hundred men ; that of the Arabs is not known, but,
from the duration of the battle, it cannot be com-
puted at iess than three thousand. It is asserted
that General Trezel was seriously wounded. A
sloop, which was despatched to Algiers for rein-
forcements, was fired upon by one of the forts. This
attack, however, was fully punished, for the sloop
not only silenced its fire, but gained possession of
the fort itself. The conduct of Captain Ferrin and
his crew is above all praise. Two companies of
marines from the frigate La Victoire particularly
distinguished themselves at the landing. We have
to regret the loss of two officers.
The Moniteur announces that, by a Royal ordon-
nance, dated the 10th instant, the King has ap-
pointed Baron Mortier his Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Queen of Por-
tugal, and M. de Lurde, Secretary of Legation at
Lisbon.

The Journal des Debats says :—" The mission
of Prince Felix de Schwartzenberg to the Hague is
an effect of the Conferences which took place at
Munchengratz, between the Emperor of Austria
and the Emperor of Russia, and the King of Prussia
has also sanctioned it. The Prince de Schwartzen-
berg is charged by the three Sovereigns with the
task of urging the King of Holland to submit the
question of Luxemburg to the Frankfort Diet
without delay, in order to remove, as soon as pos-
sible, all the difficulties which still retard the con-
clusion of the definitive treaty with the King of the
Belgians."
A courier arrived at Paris yesterday from Madrid,
which he left on the Bth instant. The Queen's
Government was daily gaining strength. No mani-
festations of a serious resistance had been evinced at
Madrid or in the neighbouring country. The events
in the province of Biscay had not made any deep
impression on the capital of the environs. The be-
neficial influence of the moderate men who have
been appointed members of the Government was
felt more and more, and every one perceived in that
appointment a guarantee for the future welfare of
the country. The choice of M. de Las Amarillas
and that of M. de Santa Cruz was hailed with ge•
neral joy. It was known at Madrid on the 4th that
Don Carlos had quitted the head-quarters of Don
Miguel, and pissed the frontier at a point which is
not stated. The Count de Bourmont, M. de La-
rochejaquelin, and several other Vendean officers,
had arrived in Spain, and were performing quaran-
tine in a small town in Estremadura. The Go-
vernment of the Queen had given orders that, at
the expiration of their quarantine, they should be
conducted to Cadiz or Malaga, and embarked. The
courier found on his journey the road between Ma-
drid and Bayonne perfectly free.
The Courrier Francais says :—" A courier, who
brought despatches from Madrid, has communicated
to us some particulars on the moral situation of the
Government of the Queen. It appears that, imme-
diately after the death of the King, M. de Zea ad-
dressed a note to the Representatives of,the Foreign
Courts, declaring that the new Regency would, in
no case, depart from the principles of the Govern-
ment of the late King; and that neither innovations
ttor concessions should be made to the old party of
the Cortes, overthrown by the campaign of 1823.
This note was chiefly intended to obtain the ac-
knowledgment of the Queen's Government by the
several Powers, and to counter-balance the moral
influence of the party of Don Carlos, who would
have availed themselves of the hostile attitude of
the Foreign Ambassadors at Madrid to effect an
insurrection. The answer of the Ministers of Aus-
tria, Prussia, and Russia, was drawn up in concert,
and states that they would communicate to their
Courts the note addressed to the Ambassadors by
M. Zea. The Count de Rayneval, in his answer,
adds, That he had no doubt of his Majesty, the
King of the French, readily continuing with the Go-
vernment of the Queen the friendly and neigh-
bourly relations which existed between the late
King and France.' The answer of the English
Minister, which will probably be couched in the
same terms as that of the French, is not yet known.
It was with a view of conciliating the foreign Cabi-
nets, that the Queen issued the manifesto published
in the Madrid Gazette. It appears that the re-
commendation to do so was given by the Austrian
Ambassador, whose Court is least opposed to the
acknowledgment of the young Queen." The fol-
lowing is given as a statement of political opinions
in Spain :—" Biscay, Navarre, and part of Ca,alo-
nia, are considered as insurrectionary provinces; Old
Castile arid Estremadura are willing to join them;
but the kingdoms of Valencia, Andalusia, La Man-
cha, Murcia, and all the coast along the Mediter-
ranean, are in favour of the Queen. The latter pro-
vinces even contain a great many partisans of the
Cortes. The Government continues to receive
protestations of devotedness to the Queen and Re-
gent, sent by the Captains-General of the provinces;
that of General Saarsfield, commander of the army
of observation on the frontiers of Portugal, has like-
wise arrived." _ .

The I-limit eur du Commerce gives a letter of the
9th instant, from Bayonne, which says :—" Orders
have arrived here for a division, under the command
of General Harispe, to be cantoned, and we are
assured that if the disturbances in the Basque pro-
vinces continue, the French army will enter Spain
on the 15th instant. We have this instant learned
that the Sub-Prefect has just received intelligence
from one of his emissaries at Iran, that the Infante
Don Carlos has arrived at Badajoz, and has been
proclaimed there. The Infanta, his consort, is said
to have embarked for Barcelona, but the latter news
needs confirmation." Another litter contains the
following :—" By means of messengers, stationed
from distance to distance on the cross roads, who
deliver their despatches from hand to hand, the Car-
lists have kept up a constant communication with
Don Carlos at Abrantes, and neither M. Zea Ber-
mudez. nor his protegee, M. Arjona, have hitherto
been able to catch the thread of this active corres-
pondence. It is now known that General Quesada i
sent n his resignation because he was unwilling to
accept the command of Andalusia in the room of
the Marquis de Las Amarillas. The reason he gave
for his refusal was that, under existing circumstances
he conceived that his presence at Madrid was neces-
sary. It was found by the King's will that he had
five hundred millions of rials in the English Funds,
which, with other trifles, made his annual revenue
amount to 30,000,000 rials."
The Indicateur of Bordeaux of the 12th inst., has
the following :—" The diligence from Bayonne did
not arrive here yesterday till one o'clock in the
afternoon. This delay was occasioned by the bad
state of the roads. In that town a division of re-
serve of 10.000 men is now forming under the com-
mand of General Harispe. Every day some of the
ex-body-guards are going to Spain, which they look
upon as a second Vendee. Thence the partisans of
i
Henry V. hope to return to France, n order to esta-
blish the Divine right, and all the abuses proceed-
ing from that worn-out principle. Proclamations in
favour of Don Carlos are being circulated through-
out Spain. In spite of our police, arms are sent
over from France, money is circulated to foment the
insurrection, and, before a French army can oppose

the movement, Don Carlos may perhaps be able to
take quiet possession of Madrid, in consequence of
the tendency of the Queen's ministry, whose dynas-
tic interests are said to be sold to the Apostolical
party. We are assured that a Spanish courier, who
yesterday passed through Bayonne, on his way from
Paris to Madrid, was the bearer of the answer
of our Government to the Queen, who, it is
said, has solicited the succour of 30,000 men.
These, it is added, will soon be collected on the
Pyrenees, and enter Spain, in spite of the protest of
Russia. A report has just been spread that Bar-
celona has attempted to follow the example of Vit-
toria, but that the monks, who excited the commo-
tion, have fallen victims to it. Two convents have
been plundered and destroyed by the partisans of
the Queen Regent. It is also reported that offers
have been made to the old patriots who fought in
the war for independence, and that Mina, Le Pastor,
and Valdez, are on the point of returning to Spain,
to combat again for their country."
The Spanish Review, of the Gth instant, contains
an account of the commotion at Talavera de la
Reyna, which confirms the details we have already
given, and adds that, after the flight of the insur-
gents, the corregidor Tegevo assumed his authority,
and caused the four rebels, arrested at Puente del
Arzobispo, to be brought prisoners to Talavera.
Several individuals who joined the revolutionary
faction had surrendered themselves, and had been
disarmed ; and of the total number of the insurgents
there remained only seven, including the chief, Gon-
zales, director of the post-office, and these were in
flight. A report, addressed by the corregidor to the
Queen's Government, gives a very satisfactory ac-
count of the spirit that prevails among the inhabi-
tants of Talavera, as well as among those of the
province in general, and bestows great praise upon
the Royalist Volunteers.
The following protest from the King of Naples
against the acknowledgment of Donna Maria Isa-
bella, was communicated, some time ago, by the
Neapolitan Minister to the Spanish Government:—
" Ferdinand 11., by the Grace of God, King of the
Two Sicilies, Jerusalem, &c. We have learnad with the
deepest regret that his Catholic Majesty, by his decree of
the 4th of April, 1833, has convoked the Spanish Cortes
for the 20th of June next, that they may take the oath of
allegiance to her Highness the Infanta Donna Maria
Isabella as Hereditary Princess of the Crown of Spain ;
and this with the intention of causing them to sanction
by this act the new order of succession which his Ma-
jesty proposed to establish by his pragmatic sanction of
ti e 29th March, 1830, annulling that promulgated by
Philip V., in the law of 20th March, 1713. Under
these circumstances, We have considered that the said law
of 1713 was enacted by the chief of a new dynasty with
all the formalities indispensable for its validity, at a mo-
ment when the concurrence of extraordinary and disastrous
circumstances justified a new order of succession; that
this law has been consecrated by an uninterrupted exist-
ence for upwards of a century, and that it was in exe-
cution of stipulations which insured the throne of
Spain to the grandson of Louis XIV. and his male
descendants. We have also considered that an order
of succession, established as this has been, with the
consent and under the guarantee of the principal
Powers of Europe, and acknowledged successively
in different treaties concluded between those Powers,
has become obligatory and unalterable, and has trans-
mitted to the descendants of Philip V. rights, which,
having been obtained by the sacrifice of other rights,
cannot be abandoned by the said heirs without material
prejudice to themselves, and without failing in the respect
due to the illustrious chief and founder of their dynasty.
Moreover, according to the principles of universal legisla-
tion, we are satisfied that, when such a fundamental law
has been once adopted, it is not in the power of any per-
son, so long as the dynasty of its author shall subsist, to
make any alteration or change in it, for any reason or
under any pretence whatsoever. Therefore, as the right
of succession to the crown of Spain is vested in the male
descendants of Philip V., and to each according to the
order and priority of his birth, at the death of the last
possessor of the crown, the succession reverts in full
right to the eldest of the elder branch, as the Prince
nearest in blood to the deceased ; and the successor does
not derive his right from any act of his predecessor, but
from God alone, and from that inviolable law which
established the order of succession. It is no less evident,
that if this law were destroyed, all the endeavours made
by the Princes of Europe, at the commenceuaent of
the last century, for establishing a just balance
between the different States, would be without
fruit, and grounds would not be wanting for
apprehending a return of the frightful war of the suc-
cession. For this, therefore, and in conformity with the
measures adopted, under date of 22d September, 1830, by
our august Father, for the maintenance of his rights, we
have judged it indispensable for our honour, our Royal
rights, and the duties of the station in which it has
pleased Divine Providence to place us, to protest formally,
as we do by these presents, before the legitimate Sovereigns
of all nations, against the pragmatic sanction of the 29th
of March, 1830, and against every act which may vitiate,
or in any manner affect the principles which have hitherto
formed the basis of the splendour and power of the House
of Bourbon, and the eventual, incontestable, and sacred
rights which have been transmitted to us by the funda-
mental law of succession, hitherto invariably observed, and
which was obtained by the greatest sacrifices. Such is
our solemn protest, which shall be communicated to the
Court, and copies of the same invested with our signa-
ture, and the seal of our Royal arms, and also with the
signature of our Minister for Foreign Affairs, shall be de-
posited in the Department of the Interior and of Justice,
and in the office of the Presidency of the Council of
Ministers.

(Signed) " FERDINAND.
(Countersigned) " ANT. STATELLA."
The Augsburg Gazette of the 11th instant con-
tains the following of the sth from Vienna :—" On
the 7th the Emperor and Empress will leave Brunn
for Krems and Lintz. Prince Metternich will pro.
teed from Vienna to join their Majesties at the
latter town. The King and Queen of Bavaria will
meet their Imperial Majesties at Lintz on the 10th.
Our Exchange has been agitated to.day, in conse-
quence of reports of fresh disturbances at Constan-
tinople, in which the Sultan is said to have been
exposed to great danger. The Government has not
yet received any official information on the subject,
whence these reports are considered very doubtful.
What is, however, not doubtful, is the continuance
of a coolness between the Porte and the French
Government, on account of the treaty which the
Sultan has concluded with Russia. It is asserted
that the French Cabinet has formally protested
against it, but that the Sultan replied to the French
Ambassador—' That he knew nor how far France
had a right to control his actions, and that he found
in the very objections made by the Ambassador
against the treaty, an attempt of that supremacy
which France dreaded from Russia, and against
which the Ambassador was constantly warning the
Sultan.' Thus the affairs of the East are not yet
settled, and may give rise to many and new compli-
cations. The report of a Ministerial Congress being
about to be held here gains ground."
The Crocodile packet arrived at Algiers on the Ist
inst. with Marshal Clausel and several men of science.

The Quotidienne considers it impossible that, in
the present state of affairs, France can collect an
army of 100,000 men on the frontiers of Spain,
without leaving entirely unguarded points of more
importance to the very existence of the Government.
BOURSE, HALF-PAST THREE.—The Funds evince
a tendency to rise, owing to the articles in the
Journal des Debats of this day, which pretty nearly
assume that the Government of the Queen is esta-
blished, but such a conclusion is far, very far, from
being warranted by the facts. Those who view the
matter dispassionately are of opinion that the vague-
ness of the accounts published indicate that the real
intelligence received by Government is infinitely less
agreeable than the Ministerial papers affect to be-
lieve, and that a decline in the prices of the Funds
will occur to-morrow if not this afternoon.

FRENCH FUNDS.—Pants' Ocr. 15.
Five per Cents., 101 f. Sc. 20c. 100 f. 90c.
Four per Cents., 89f.
Three per Cents., 71f. 75c. 72f. 20c. 71f. 80c.
Treasury Bonds, Dec. 334 ; June 3%.
Bank Actions, 17001.
Rente de Naples, 86f. 25c. 50c. 80c.
Roman Five per Cents., 86.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 16.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 3334 33 3234.
Royal Spanish Loan, 7434 74.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 54% 53143.
Belgian Loan, 1831, 9034.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One
Three
m paper,s:pape
r2,51.253t2.5c;
.7mn e0yn,ey2,5f.,2.532
—Cour: Authentique.
