MERCANTILE SHIPPING.

DEAL, JUNE 10.—Wind N.E.—Sailed for the River the
Honourable Company's ships Warren HasCnqs. and Vansittart,
from China ; Ealing Grove, Falconer, from Dominica ; Britan-
nia, Oldis, from Leghorn ; Lusitania, Githons ; and Gosport,
Jago, from Oporto. Arrived from the Liver and sailed, the
Wharf, Clark, for New York; Sappho, , and Astrea,
—, for Quebec.
PORTSMOUT 0. JUNE 10.--Wind E.N.E.—Sailed
Majesty's ship Blossom, for Woolwich ; Felecitas, Campbell;
Grenada, Anderson ; and the Royal Sovereign yacht, for
London ; and his Majesty's ship Cyrene, for the Mediterranean.
Prxmou'rn, JUNE 9.—Wind E.—Arrived the Heart of
Oak, Robertson, from St. Domingo. Off the Port the Pero,
Rutter, from Rio .Taneiro, in 75 days.
FALMOUTH, JUNE 9.—Wind E. to S.S.E.--Sailed the
Three Brothers, —, for Quebec.
LivExtroor., .TUNE 9.—Arrived the Puget, Wing, from
Smyrna. Off the Port the Hall, Clark, from Jamaica; and
Jess and Flora, —, from Campeachy.
DOVER, .JUNE 10.—The following vessels from India are 2t
anchor off here, viz. :—M arquis of Wellington, from Bengal ;
Alexander, from Ceylon; Kingstone, from Calcutta;
Woodford, from Madras.

The Nancy, Carr, of Sunderland, from Alemel to London,
was driven on shore yesterday morning on Hasbro Sand, and
filled with water; crew saved, and arrived at Yarmouth.
The Brampton, Moore, was totally lost in the Bay of Islands
the Bth of November; the crew, and part of the stok•es saved,
and arrived at Port Jackson the 30th of November.
OW Dartmouth the William and Henry, Partridge, from
Jamaica ; on the 2.3 d of April, in passing through the Gulf,
observed a ship and a brig in Carysfort Reef, it was then
blowing a gale at N.E. by E. ; on the 9th of May spoke the
Regent, front London to Jamaica, all well.

Yesterday the dispatches for Bengal, by the chartered ship
Boyne, were closed at the East India House, and delivered .~
the Master of that ship.

THE MARKE'T'S.

CORN EXCHANGE, JUN V 11.
The arrivals of this week are only moderate, but the trade
for most articles continues without diminution. Wheat sells
on much the same terms as last quoted. Barley is heavy at the
rates of Monday. In Beans and Pease no variation. -Oats are
a dull sale, and hardly support the terms of the beginning of
the week.
ARA IVALS—English Wheat 3.200, Barley 310, Oats
.5,80 ,
Irish Oats 1,800, qrs.; Flour, 5,300 sacks.

SMITHFIELD MARKET, JUNE 11.
The following is an accurate Report of the numbesa and
prices at Smithfield Market this morning :—_

_
CATTLE AT MARKET -
Beasts 4lB I Sheep and lA-onbs ... 1000
Calves 320 Pigs ........................ 120
To sink the Offal, per stone of 81t.
Beef 3s 13d to As 8d I
Veal ......... 4s Gd to 5s 6d
Mutton 3s 8d to 4s Bti Pork _ As Od to 3s Od

Lamb 5s Oa to 6s 01.

HAY AND STRA
Flay £4 Os to £5 15s I
Straw

.W, PER LOAD•
Clover s 5
06 to £6 Cs
......
Os to £2 1()s.

and lent a
Tuesday.nieht,
illoe'rgtaileintiseieefir,re at Carlton Palace, "
wasmu ci:ibluhr:itlEaCntldltybuatrrested in ►ts pro.gt..oe,sisia.:Ehtli
the all rporuaoilniedirptt:h ethraorl e
raii•ne
ceiling, joists, and cornice
havei\wbw Irlaoit siujet
igui
1:1:g:ix:at.
tiiirpi
vwtt,eeottoiwo, Cali,
a:di I.sitdsloa.ol
trrn‘ 1(
o:ol:tterirvhhacrglelei 'tsliidiftv,
rcdnet:Sohsi
iitteisllieitgEoojgfvo:ahaestnititss:lee)
file'
iprisiibofostliet)snilitr:i::titligid,:toie.i.ellirdit:eglsr,l.vll,v,i‘toviliueriud:t
placing the Coofuitittlye engine, arid.
dila";.istelilisitrnis:giu:bdti'nieatm:iissdelsoliaoivt:leftnr Pete: with,
but improvetli Ki N pardon
CraiwkiTtoltYliflo'idilii:itiii(h:s:
t o play,l)e
usual good humour, toaltditd)l:hisiti.n.,,
adorwna o to mind, 44 the
quickest way was the
effect, he gave orders f lie beggedit
esditriglesi
en
whatever
direction
rvueecri
mach mischief
0: smo MAJESTYmore
engines
or theiri):
mitted, by which judicious
preivsntesodm as
both

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY

Rxtrasts from the Morning Papers, June 11.

paw TIMES.]
Last night we received the Etoile, dated Wed-
sesday. It cnntains nothing worthy of notice,
except the following passage in a letter from
Madrid, which at the present moment may at-
tract some attention, although it rests on no
ostensible authority :
R MADRID, JUNE 3.—Since the reign of the Revolutionists
.Don Antonio Bereira and Don Louis de la Robla had been no-
minated Commissioners to treat with the Insurrectional Govern-
mentof Buenos Ayres. But as soon as these two faithful Spa-
uiards learned the deliverance of the King they retired to Monte
Video, there to await the new orders of his Majesty. Thence
they sent into Spain authentic documents, which prove, that
even under the eyes of the Authorities established by the fac-
tions in South America, the legitimate Sovereign may still
reckon a great number f devoted subjects. They have record-
ed their generous sentiments in Addresses, which bear the most
respectable signatures, and which will be made public when it
van be done without danger to these true Royalists. It is easy
to foresee what immense reinforcements a Spanish expedition
will receive when it shall have planted the Royal banner on the
shore.,,

An Evening Paper has thought fit to contradict
"'in the most unqualified manner" our statement
of the recent news from Mexico; and we there-
fore, in the same CC unqualified manner" repeat,
that the latest accounts from that country repre-
sent it to be in a state of extreme anarchy. We
are not apt to mislead our readers by exaggerated
statements ; in the present instance we have
taken care not to go a hair's breadth heyond the
most accurate and authentic information. We per-
fectly coincide in sentiment with an enlightened
writer in the last Quarterly Review—" We should,
consider the establishment of an independent
;and good Government in that extensive and in-
teresting country, to be not only a benefit to its
inhabitants, but to the whole of the civilized
world ;" and if our wishes could regulate the
course of events, that independence and that
prosperity Mexico would possess ; but our duty
to the public is not to delineate imaginary pic-
tures, but to tell plain truths ; and we say again,
that situated as things are in Mexico, it is totally
impossible for his Majesty's Ministers, consist-
ently with common prudence, to enter into any
new political relation with that country.—(lbid.)

[THE TIMES.]
- We recommend attention to the petition from
the " Merchants of London," in favour of
recognizing the independence of the uew States
of America. (Sec another column of THE SUM.)
This i, a powerful enforcement of the Liverpool
memorial, and will, no doubt, be followed up
from every commercial body in the empire. The
London petition is somewhat more specific than
its prototype in describing the extent of the re-
cognition which it prays for, pressing upon Mi-
nisters more distinctly and exclusively the States
of Buenos Ayres, Chili, and Colombia, as being
free, not only from any risk of subjugation, but
from every pretext for imagining a re-action upon
them possible ; since they are each, and have
been for a considerable time, in the regular and
understood exercise of all the powers of complete
sovereignty—not a Spanish soldier tr functionary
fihewing himself in any one of these provinces.—
We hardly think that his Majesty's Ministers
can hold out much longer.

EBRITISII PRESS.]
Frankfort Papers reached our office last night.
They are principally occupied with the details
of the sudden arrest of Von Manger, the Chief
Director of the Police of Ilesse Cassel, who, to
enhance his influence, had been raising plots and
rumours of conspiracies, but was unexpectedly
enmeshed in his own toils, and conveyed a state
prisoner, by orders of the Elector, to the fortress
of Spangenburg, where he may ruminate at lei-
sure on Ms meritorious plans. The object of
Von Manger appears to have been, the contriving
ixtrigues so as to persuade his abused master that
he was surrounded on all sides with conspiracies
and conspirators ; but this fabricator of plots has
fallen into the toils he prepared for others, and
,his arrest has given universal satisfaction. The
Frankfort Papers repeat the statement given some
time since, of another Congress, and add the re.
port of conferences in that city between Prince
Metternich, the Russian Minister, De Tatischeff,
and Chateaubriand : but the latter is no longer in
authority—his short-lived power has passed
away. If these conferences take place, and
'ranee send any representative, it will not be the
versatile Viscomte Chateaubriand. But for what
purpose can any new Congress now meet, where
all is perfectly tranquil arouna them ?

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
A letter, dated on the 15th April, has been
mceived from a Gentleman of great respectabi-
thy at Maranham. As soon as it was believed in
that city that the Absolute Sovereign of Por-
tugal really intended to attempt the subjection
of the Brazils, most violent commotions occurred,
and on the Ist and 2d of April the disturbance
became so "limning, that at a meeting of the
Constituted Authorities, at the Town Hall, an
order was issued for all European Portuguese,
whether landholders or merchants, instantly to
quit the territories of the Brazilian Empire. In
compliance with this indiEcrimittate ordinance,
the Europeans commenced a destructive sale of
land, merchandise, and goods, even including the
slave population, the effects which threatened
ruin to every description of property, and as the
original order appeared to be both harsh and
useless, another general meeting was held on the
tith April, when it was resolved that all the Eu-
ropean Portuguese, who possessed actual pro-
perty, and who could give security for their good
behaviour, should be excepted from the decree
of 2.d of April, and that only the unmarried and
idle Europeans should be sent away. On the
promulgation of this order, Maranham was illu-
minated during three successive nights. The ut-
most trancium
it), continued to prevail up to the
date of this letter.
The conduct of the EmPe-
ror was watched with
great anxiety at Maran-
ham, and the same spirit of independence prevail-
ed throughout the Whole of the Northern.
Pro,
Tinces of Brazil. From Rio de Janeiro, the let-

ters are dated to the 16th of April, at which
time that capital remained tranquil. The
Spanish line of battle ship, the Asia, and the
corvette, the Achilles, touched at St. Catherine's
on the Bth of March, on their passage round Cape
Horn, and on the 12th of the same month, one
letter states that four French men-of-war sailed
from Rio, also for the Pacific. It is known that
the Asia is in the worst condition. It was re-
ported at Rio, that Lord Cochrane had deter-
mined to resume the command of the Chilian
Navy, and that he would proceed with a body of
British seamen to Buenos Ayres, and from thence
over land to Valparaiso. The reduction of the
Island Chiloe was the declared object of his
Lordship; but no doubt the capture of the Asia
was also an object worthy of the ambition of the
Chilian navy.

[MORNING HERALD.].
The Yearly Epistle of the Quakers has been
published. We always like to read these
Epistles. In general there is in them a good
deal of common sense. There is one part in the
Epistle of this year which deserves especial no-
tice. It is warning the Society of Friends
against speculations. We like this allusion to
speculations ; but if all England were to avoid
then), what would become of the independence
of the Greeks and of the South Americans? In
this Epistle we do not see any allusion to what
are called blasphemous productions. It contents
itself with recommending parents to give' their
children books of a proper character. But if
none but books of a religious or moral character
were to be allowed, where would be the pleasure
we experience in seeing or reading the plays
of Shakspeare ; in perusing the works of Mil-
ton, Byron, or others ; and where would have
been Sir Walter Scott's fortune of half a million,
got by pleasing the fancies of such ladies as are
probably too well off in the world, and who but
for Walter Scott, and other makers of novels,
might die of ennui Q We much question, how-
ever, whether many a fair Quakeress has not
read Walter Scotts novels, when the father of
the family has been out of the way. It says but
little relative to the Slave Trade ; perhaps those
who drew it up may think that until the white po-
pulation of the West Indies approaches in numbers
nearly equal to the black population, it may
be prudent to proceed gradually in the abo-
lishing of slavery ; besides, many of the Society
of Friends are wholesale and retail dealers in
sugar, rum, tobacco, and other West India pro-
ductions, and might not like their business to be
suddenly stopped, in case the blacks should get
the better of the whites, were the former too
quickly liberated.
