Globe Dec. 1887 72,000

Jan. 1838 no,ooo
Feb. 1838 72,000
Mar. 1838 72,000

Stand ard...Dec. 1837 78,000
Jan. 1838 105,000
Feb. 1838 lOO,OOO
Mar. 1838 lOO,OOO

The
Sun... Dee. 1837 102,000
Jan. 1838 lll,OOO
Feb. 1838 96,000

DI ar. 18:38 lll,OOO

. HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
M0rning........ 4 minutes after r) I Evening ..... 37 minutes after 9

BILLS and ADVERTISEMENTS for the
FOURTH NUMBER of the MONTHLY CHRONICLE
are requested to be sent to the Publishers before Thursday the
24th inst.

N.B. No. 4. will complete the First Volume, price 10s. cloth
lettered.

London: Longman and Co.

The publication of TUE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 30 minutes past Three o' Clock.

WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW

INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
THURSDAY EVENING, MAY 17, 1838.

We scarcely go along with our liberal Contemporaries in
condemning the Tories for supporting Sir THOMAS Ac-
LAND'S motion, because the Duke of WELLINGTON made
a conditional promise at the close of last Session to aid the
Ministers in any reasonable settlement of the Irish Tithe
question. Of course it was then well understood on both
sides, if not actually expressed, that the two parties should
remain in the same relative positions—Lord MELBOURNE,
in office, supported by a tolerably large majority, and the
Duke of WELLIGGTON, in opposition, at the head of
a scattered, divided, wrangling, and somewhat abashed
crew of followers. When the Duke of WELLINGTON made
the declaration, on Juno 29, 1837, the dissolution of Par-
liament was at hand. He of course expected, and all men
we believe expected, that a dissolution, under the circum-
stances which then existed—a young and popular QUEEN
throwing all the influence of the Court on the side of Lord
MELBOURNE and the Reformed Corporations, to aid him,
for the first time—would add very much to the strength of
the Liberal party in the House of Commons. The result,
demonstrating the immense influence which Church ques-
tions yet exercise over the inhabitants of England, was ad-
verse to the hopes of the Liberals, and the opinions of the
majority of the community. In the present House of
Commons, elected under great advantages for the Minis-
ters, the Tories almost equal them in numbers. The cir-
cumstances, then, in 1838, though Lord MELBOURNE is
still in office, and the Duke of WELLINGTON in opposi-
tion, are different in this important particular, that the
Tories aro much stronger in Parliament than they were
in 1837, and much stronger than it was expected they
would be.
It has also been made plain that the most violent of that
party have had the most influence. Those who appealed
to the lingering remains of bigotry in the land, have
been the most successful. The increase of their
number is due to the skill and power with which
the Clergy and their allies have blown by their reli-
gious bellows the zeal of the people into a flame.
The moderate Tories are completely overdone in the Par.
liament by their ultra allies, and neither the Duke of
WELLINGTON, Sir ROBERT PEEL, nor Lord STANLEY
could hope to keep their forces together for a single day,
except by embracing the ultra doctrines, which the two
former repudiated in 1829, and the latter first professed in
1835. It becomes necessary then in the leaders of the Tories
to forego all moderation, and especially to forego it o❑ that
great point—the Church, its attributes and possessions—to
support which, in fact, their friends have been sent to Parlia-
ment. Theysec this necessity, and with that readiness of tact,
which has always been a property of the Tory leaders, and
which the Ministers did not display on the Ballot question,
they have at once acceded to the views of the majority of
their supporters. If the Duke WELLINGTON and Sir
ROBERT PEEL really meant at the close of the last Session
to follow a liberal line of policy this Session, the cir-
cumstances we have mentioned make that impossible, if
they would not quarrel with their own friends and sup-
porters. They have become, in fact, and they must remain,
as politicians, the tools of that ultra and bigotted party of
which the Standard and the Times are the organs, and to
which they lend vitality and coherence.
Under these circumstances the Ministers committed a
fault, in relying on the words of the Tory leaders, instead of
looking at their position. They have felt themselves con-
strained by the influence of the Tories in the country to
be less liberal than they wished, and they ought to have
perceived that the same cause, if any difference were to re-
main between the parties, would force their opponents to
become ultras. It is under the influence of circumstances,
then, that the Duke of WELLINGTON has become faithless,
according to the interpretation put on his language by the
Ministers, and that Sir ROBERT PEEL and his friends have
unwittingly led Lord JOHN RUSSELL into a snare. Re-
membering the arts which were used to inflame the
people at the period of the election, and the sort
of taco who were elected—and seeing the close
and compact manner in which they now unite under
kl% CHANDO9 or a KNATCHBULL—we arc convinced that
it ROBERT PEEL and the Duke of WELLINGTON cannot
elp themselves, and must be the foes to moderation and
justice to Ireland, or give up political power. If this les-
son should abate somewhat of their political arrogance, it
will he not without its sweet uses. Their present conduct
is the counterpart—though in small—of that conduct of
the Catholics in large, which they so continually censure.
When they professed moderation in 1837, they were not
aware of the immense fund of bigotry in the
land on which they might draw, and could only
draw for support in 1838. They havo got
a new light since then, and their steps are guided accord-
ingly. When the Ca!holies professed obedience, respeeL,
and veneration for the Church Establishment trior to
1829, •they were deplorably ignorant of their own power,
and of the, weakness of the Government. There had been
tin revolutio❑ of July—begetting a thorough conviction
in all Europe that the thrones, which are not founded on
the affections of the people, and on concessions to their just
tiernands, rest on sand ; and then though the sovereignty
of the people was toasted, the fact that they are all in
all, and their rulers powerless—except as the or-
gans of the people—was not a living principle
of social life. Circumstances since 1829 have taught the
Catholics the secret of their power, and of the weakness of
their oppressors, and they carry their views farther in
1838—just like Sir ROBERT PEEL and his friends—than
they did in 1829 or 1837. The force of circumstances
justifies a change of conduct both in the Tory leaders and
the Catholics—and it is only contemptible in politicians to
recognise this important principle, and refuse to follow it
out to all its just and logical conclusions.

A correspondence, which we publish in our columns of
this day, between the Honourable Captain BERKELEY and
to e Liberal Independent Association of Gloucester, relative
t o the representation of that city in Parliament, powerfully
illustrates the mistaken policy of the Government upon the
faro
.Question. Tito majority of the constituency of

Gloucester are decidedly liberal—they are zealous sup-
porters of the general policy of the MELBOURNE Mlnistrya-a
and they entertain a strong personal regard for the Ho-
nourable and Gallant Candidate who appears before them:,
not only as an occasional supporter 'or the Government,
but a Member of it—a Lord of the Admiralty—and yet he
himself appears to despair of his return, because his con-
nection with the Cabinet will not suffer Lim to pledge
self to vote in favour of the immediate ematieleatitiiiiit the
unfortunate negroes. It may b urged that Captain
BEr.icELEY is inEtkanced by personal considerations—that
he is -so strongly opposed to the principle or hustings'
pledges as to have determined never to give any under any
circumstances. Such objections, unless coming from him-
self, are ridiculous. Had theyexisted he would have been but
too happy to exonerate the Ministry by stating them in one or
other of his addresses to the Independent Association and
citizens of Gloucester. We are fir from wishing to cast
the remotest reflection upon tha conduct of the Hon.
Captain BERKELEY for the course which he has adopted.
He must have ascertained be'7'ore-hand that the Govern-
ment would not do without his vote on the slave question ;
and he honourably preferred retiring to a chance of dividing
the Liberal interest, or the giving a pledge which he had
no intention of fulfilling. Had he been as careless of his
political reputation, and as lax in his principles, as some
professed Parliamentary Liberals whom we could enume-
rate, lie would have swallowed the pledge, and taken his
chance of voting as the Government might deem requisite.
He is, therefore, fully entitled to the merit of having acted
a straightforward, honourable part—of having preferred
the triumph of his principles to all considerations personal
to himself. Captain BERKELEY'S proffered retirement from
a contest for the representation of the city of Gloucester
is, under all circumstances, highly creditable to himself in-
dividually ; but who, on that account, will venture to ac-
quit the Cabinet.of having forced upon him such an alterna-
tive ? Ministers have here a foretaste of the difficulties
with which they have blindly and obstinately beset their
own supporters. They will meet with no opposition
in Gloucester which they will not meet with in every
Liberal constituency in the country on the ques-
tion of slavery. Indeed, so all-engrossing is the inte-
rest at present felt upon this subject, that we question whe-
ther, in the event of an immediate dissolution of Parlia-
ment, any other pledge, besides that of voting for the im-
mediate, unconditional, and unqualified abolition of slavery
in every shape and form, would be rigidly exacted from
candidates, even by a majority of the most liberal consti-
tuenciea in the country. This is a pledge which some of
the most ultra Tories in the United Kingdom have quali-
fied themselves to take—so that the leaders of that faction
would have only to distribute their forces with a slight de-
gree of caution at an ensuing election, to make sure cf a
large Parliamentary majority. Suppose Sir ROBERT IN-
GLlS—ultra Tory as he is—were to contest the represen-
tation of the most Liberal constituency in England with the
most Liberal supporter of Ministers who voted with them
against Sir GEORGE STRICKLAND'S motion for the abolition
of negro apprenticeship, can there be a doubt but that the
slavery abolitionist would be bound in conscience to vote
for the Tory candidate ? And yet Ministers appear blind—
obstinately, wilfully, and therefore incurably blind, to the
proximity of the fatal rock upon which they are driving
the bark of Reform. The Tories have wisely abstained
from making the slavery question either a Ministerial or a
party question. They have not made a vote for the
procrastination of negro oppression the badge of offi-
cial Conservatism. Not so the MELBOURNE Cabinet, as
appears from the dismissal of Lord CHARLES Frrznov,
and the election addresses of the Hon. Captain BERKELEY.

Ministers have now had ample time to re-consider their
conduct upon the Slave question ; and if they are still re-
solved to persevere in their defence of the iniquity of the
Planters, we warn them to avoid every thing that can lead
to an early dissolution of Parliament. Having wiifully, and,
as we think, wantonly provoked the just hostility of the
Dissenters and the Society of Friends on the Slave
question—having succumbed to the Tories upon every
measure for the radical improvement of the Reform Bill—
and having sacrificed the interests of the Commercialists to
the ignorant fears of the agriculturists upon Colonel 11
SEALE'S Bonded Corn Bill, wo do not think that they
would at all mend their present Parliamentary position
by an appeal to the electors of the United Kingdom.
This is with us a subject of sincere regret. With all their
faults 'of ommis.sion and commission, the MELBOURNE
Ministry have rendered essential service to the liberal
cause ; nor have they been at any time wanting in
intentions to promote the popular welfare. They
have not only carried many measures of useful Reform,
but they have prevented many acts of Tory peculation
and oppression. We are therefore sorry to see them thus
madly perilling their official existence in support of a
tyranny, hateful to GOD and abhorrent to the right feelings
of every honest man.

It will be seen from the divisions on the Scots Small
Debt Bill that the Liberals were left ast night in a mino-
rity—and no great wonder. The Tories, true to their po-
licy and tactics, had evidently made a regular whip to sup-
port their steady friend the ex-Loan ADVOCATE, while the
Whigs, no less true to their carelessnesss about any ques-
tion which does not endanger their existence as an Adminis-
tration, allowed their LORD ADVOCATE, their ATTORNEY-
GENERAL, and their HOME-SECRETARY, to be defeated,
rather than give their whippers-in the trouble of supporting
those engaged in defending Scotland from a most insidious
infliction.

The Scots Small Debt 1311 is brought forward by the
leading Tories of Scotland, which of itself is quite sufficient
to stamp its character with that intelligent people. We
understand the intention is to bring the unlearned and igno-
rant Justices of Peace in competition with the professionally
taught stipendiary Judges which Scotland has in every
county, and ;vho hold Courts every month on stated days in al;
the large towns; hut there these Courts are fairly presided
over. Jobbing is unknown in them—whereas in Justice-of-
Peace-Courts men sit on the Bench to try the causes of all
around their residence ; and in these times of excitement it
will easily be seen that Tory Justices, who greatly prepon-
derate in Scotland, as they unhappily do everywhere else,
x\ ill have constant, snug opportunities to favour those they
love, and damage those they hate, as one and all are
known to bate Reformers in the humbler walks of life.
Tl.e names in the different divisions will show the certainty
of a Tory whip,as without this application such a list of Tory
Members and whippers would not have been found on any
Scottish question.

Perhaps this may solve the matter—it was merely a Scotch
question, and therefore unworthy of the protecting care of
the Government, who knowing well the devotion of the Li-
herd Members from Scotland to everything which is for the
public good, and arc sure of their attendance andsteady support
even in defiance of the delays they are daily subjected to io
conducting Scotch business, and the unseemly treatment
they otherwise witness during its progress. We can, and
do tell the Whig, Ministry that their conduct in this re-
spect is narrowly watched in Scotland, and will not be for-
gotten when the day of trial and retribution shall arrive.
Meantime we refer our numerous readers in Scotland to
the names on the divisions, so that they may read those
of their friends and foes, present and absent.

The question of the union between Church and State,
as stirred by Dr. CHAratEns, is working well. The Com-
mittee of the Protestant Society for the Protection of Re-
' '.igious Liberty, have announced their intention to give two
Prizes of 100 guineas and 2.5 guineas, for the best Essays
on the Union of Church and State, proving it anti-scrip-
tural and inimical both to religion and national prosperity,
as well as a violation of freedom. Truth will in the end
prevail, and that will not be on the side of Established
Churches. We have the proofs of their injuriousness in
Spain, France, Italy, and Ireland ; the proofs of the advan-
tage of the Voluntary System are to be found in the first
propagation of Christianity, the present sending of Mis-
sionaries over the world, the extent of religious instruc-
tion in the United States, and the improvements in religious
feeling, habits, and opinions in our own country with:n the
last 50 years, which originated out of the Establ'shment,
and were carried on in spite of it, till it found that the light
of those improvements could not be extinguished, and then
it followed in the same path. If Established Churches had
been relied on, it is not too much to assert that the light of
genuine Christianity would before now have been extin-
guished ; first, by the Established Papal Church, and
next by the Established Protestant Churches ; and we owe
its preservation to the Reformation in the first instance, and
to Dissent in the second. Our Paper of to-d4y contains

the lettUtb of Mr. lIINToN, anather imiof of the dgitatioh
in the Church and State question Which has Lich caused
by the appeal tb the public.

Mr. SHARMAN CRAWFORD has printed two letters ed-
c'ressed to Mr. O'CONNELL, in answer to his letter to the
" Protestants of the Established Church of Ireland," on
the tic** Tithe plan. It is as a Protestant who desires to
see the Church independent, and sustained by reVenues de-
rived only from its Members, that Mr. CnAwFonn en-
ters into a searching examination of Mr. O'CoNNELL's
latter, and condemns the Tithe plan, because it would place
:le Protestant Church of Ireland more under its enemies, by
making it dependent on a revenue derived from the general
taxation of the State. He condemns it, too, because it is like
the present system, a violation of rellgious freedom ; and
he tells all Catholics and Dissenters, and tells Mr. O'Cox-
NELL, that it is contrary to that voluntary principle which he
and they uphold. We cannot .avoid conceding to Mr.
CRAWFORD the praise of being a conscientious, consistent
man ; but the length of his two letters prevents us from in-
serting them. Ile warned the people at an early period
against all the schemes which were proposed for the com-
mutation of tithes in Leland, and we quite agree with him
that the Irish ought not to be contented till the system is
totally abolished.

Captain LIHOU, of the Royal Navy, has published a
small Pamphlet which well deserves the attention of her
MAJESTY'S Government. It is entitled " Suggestions for
the Establishment of a Royal Naval Nursery for Sailors,"
and sketches the outline of a plan for providing, at a corn-
parati% ely trifling expense, a constant supply of well-trained
seamen for the navy. Our national dockyards arc truly
magnificent establishments. We spare no expense in buil-
ding ships, in manufacturing anchors, cables, blocks, Sze,
in furnishing, in short, all the males-id of naval warfare ;
yet, strange to say, we have hitherto been utterly regard-
less of providing the main requisite for giving effect to this
costly apparatus—that element of living and actuating
power, without which all the rest is nothing but so much
useless lumber. The consequence of this unaccountable
neglect is, that we are obliged to fall back upon our mer-
chant navy for sailors to man our fleets, and as in this ser-
vice, which is conducted on the most economical principles,
the supply never exceeds tho demand, the commerce of the
country is crippled, without affording resources at all ade-
quate to the necessities of the State. In cases of sudden
emergency the evil is peculiarly felt. When a war
breaks out, or threatens, merchant ships require
an increased number of men for the purposes of defence ;
wages rise high ; desertions from the Navy take place ;
and that service, at no time very attractive in the eyes of
seafaring men, is regarded with greater aversion than direr.
It then becomes impossible to procure volunteers, and we
have recourse to the unconstitutional and barbarous prac-
tice of impressment, entrusting the defence of our liberties,
and all that is dear to us, to men torn by force from their
peaceful employments, and held by force in a state of
galling and degrading captivity.
To avoid the necessity of impressment, and at the same
time to furnish a constant supply of effective seamen for the
Navy, Captain Litton proposes the following simple, and
we think, excellent plan :

" As all the sailors of the navy should, in peace, be either able seamen,
mechanics, or promising boys, the former carefully kept up as a nucleus
for the extension of our naval force at any time, the latter being trained
and growing up to keep the nucleus perfect, I propose that ships, se-
lected from the laid-up vessels of war, be stationed at convenient seaports
in the United Kingdom, for the reception of such boys and seamen as
may volunteer and be found fit for her Majesty's Naval Service;
the Seamen to be immediately forwarded, by Tenders, to the Ships
requiring them; the Boys, after about a year's training, to be draughted
into sea going ships, especially those proceeding to foreign stations,
where they will soon become good seamen, and in the meantime be
found more serviceable than landscen, or the eommon run of ordinary
seamen, from their having in the first place been careililly chosen, and
then instructed, on board the training ships, in the rudiments of educa-
tion, the use of the compass, rowing in boats, swimming, heaving the
lead, and the other duties of seamen ; exercising great guns, and small
arms, and other duties of gunners. The ships selected for this service
might be stationed at the ports of London, Chatham, Portsmouth, Ply.
mouth, Pembroke, Dublin, Cork, Bristol, Liverpool, Leith, &c., where
they would supersede the necessity of any rendezvous on shore. They
should be jury-rigged, provided with light boats, line pounders, small
arms, and all other requisites for instructing the boys; each vessel to be
commanded by an officer of a considerate disposition and some standing."
Captain Liiiou calculates that 400 boys may be re-
ceived on board each of these ships, and estimates the ex-
pense at 8,8001. For ship, including every charge. Five ves-
sels would thus annually supply the Navy with 2,000 boys,
being about a twelfth part of the number of sailors
voted by Parliament for the year 1838-39. If, how-
ever, this should he found a greater number than the wants
of the service require, there is no doubt that boys so well
trained as these would find at all times ready employment in
the merchant service.

Captain Luton does not claim the merit of originating
this plan, which has been acted upon by a private chari-
table association, called the " Marine Society," with the
most beneficial effects. We cannot, indeed, give a better
idea of the benefit which may be expected from the pro-
posed national establishment than by stating what has been
accomplished by that Society. I t was established in 1756,
and from its one ship has since that time supplied Sixty
Thousand volunteers to the Navy, and Fifteen Thousand to
the Merchant Service! Here then is proof positive of the
effectiveness of the training system, as it may be called, and
we sincerely hope that no time will be lost by the Govern-
ment in adopting it on such a scale as may be adequate to
the exigencies of our naval service. Can any time 'be more
proper for commencing operations than the present moment,
when we see our ships of war detained in port, and the
public service obstructed, for want of seamen ?

We have New York Papers this morning to the 22d ult.
—one day later than the advices received yesterday. A ma-
terial change for the better had taken place in the commer-
&al aspect of New York. Business was improving ; stocks
rising ; and general confidence increasing. The rate of in-
ternal exchanges had fallen within three days from six to
three per cent. Bank Stock rose in the same space of
time from 108 to 115, and the rate of exchanges on Eng-
land from 1051 to 106.

The Paris Journals of Tuesday contain the report of a
debate in the Chamber of Deputies on Monday, on a Bill
for granting certain sums demanded by the Government
for carrying on Public Works. The Opposition succeeded
in reducing several of the items ; but ono for erecting a
statue to Napoleon was voted with acclamation. Who,
after this, will prate about the cessation of miracles? Raise
a statue to NAPOLEON for acts for which his ashes and his
family are expatriated! But French Statesmen have a way
of their own for reconciling such moral discrepancies.
The trial of HUBERT and his accomplices was resumed
on Tuesday, but the Report contains no new fact of any
interest.
The following are interesting extracts from the French
Papers :
Extract of a letter from Madrid, of the sth Inst., quoted by the Memo-
rial Bordclais :—" It seems that the Marquis de Miraflores, our Am-
bassador Extraordinary to the coronation of the Queen of England, has
received important instructions with regard to the policy with which
the Count d'Ofalia wishes to inspire the French Cabinet on the Spanish
question. 51. de Miraflores was the principal agent and subscriber on
the part of Spain of the quadruple treaty in 1834,
and 51 d'Ofalia
thinks him the proper person to bring about the modifications of this
.
treaty rendered necessary for the pacification of the Peninsula. M.
d'Ofalia, being desirous that Spain and Portugal may in
future rely
on the firm and unanimous support of all the great powers, wishes to
bring about a diplomatic conference between the French and English
Cabinets at Paris, and taking advantage of the present distress of Don
Carlos, to arrange the affairs of Spain and Portugal. Re wishes for Por
tugal—lst. The re-establishment of Don Miguel as Infante of Portugal; ed.
The recognition of the loan of Don sliguel, and of the
The renewal of relations between Portugal and Rome, diplomatic as well
dasebs tps contracted during during his reign ; 4th, A general political
amnesty.
For Spain he wishes-Ist, The re-establishment of Don Carlos Infante
of Spain, en condition that he shall go abroad, with the enjoyment of
all his property, and a pension suitable to his rank; 2d, The return of
the sons of Don Carlos into Spain, with the enjoyment of
pensions as
Infantes; 3d, A general political amnesty, and even a recognition of
civil and military offices, to be arranged by a mixed
junta, established
recognition of the debts contracted h
ad hoc ; 4th, A Don Carlos, after
examination by a mixed committee; sth, A guarantee of fuero, and
privileges fur Biscay and Navarre, whose territories would be immedi.
ately evacuated by the troops; 6th, 'lhe general liquidation of the Spa.
nish debt, private and foreign, and the renewal of relations with Rome
for the reform of the clergy. On these conditions the Count d'Ofalia
and the Court of Lisbon suppose they will be able immediately to obtain
the recognition by all Europe of the two female Crowns of the Peninsula;
undertaking, at the same time, to oppose the progress of democracy and
i rreligion."
Baron Charles Dupin has been appointed, by a Royal Ordinance,
dated the 12th instant, Director of the Naval Constructions of the Royal
Marine.
A dreadful Are took place on Friday night in the island of Brotteaux,
at Lyons. The flames, which first broke out in a wood-yard, were in.
creased by a high wind, and the absence of all means of extinction for
more than an hour, as well as by the combustible nature of the materials.
All the houses in the island were soon on fire, and when the engines
arrived it was impossible to stop the progress of the flames, everything
was consumed, and nearly 200 persons rendered houscless; no one how-
ever, was killed. The loss is supposed to be very considerable. At the
first alarm a number of military were on the spot, and the Care of
Brotteaux encouraged the people by his example. The Mayor has taken
every measure to assist the sufferers, and has opened a subscription in
their behalf.

The Customhouse at Calais made a seizure, a few days ago, of a
case containing more than 4,500 yards of English contraband goods
addressed as e,§7,ts d I'usage, to Count I'ahlen, Russian Ambassador,
at Paris.

The Mayor of Calais has issued a notice, that no charge can be de.

-
r 44.
4

Zhe
