No. 30.

Head-quarters, Montego B ty, January 5, Tee A. M.
My Lose,--I hasten to aequainv your Excellency: that tran-
quillity is returning fast to all this neighbourhood; the n groes,
availing themselves of the proclamation I issued, are coming in
from all directions. The three columns I mentioned to your Ex-
cellency th-,t I should put in motion to open the S ,vannah-road
moved btf re day-light this morning, and will reach their points
without any opposition. The roads to Lucia, 'Maroon Town, and
all round t his town, are clear, and many proprietors and attorneys
are now proceeding to v sit their estates. All the ladies and
other women who had embarked onboard, vessels in the harbour,
before I reached this place, are now. disembarking and resuming
their domestic avocations. I hope in a few days I shall be able
to have negroes bringing provisions and supplying this place
aga n; but it will requi, e time before confidence can be restAred;
the fact is, the negroes hi this district have behaved infamously,
nor is there the,slightest palliation for. their conduct. I have
most minutely inquired into the treatment generally and parti-
cularly, and can aver it has been most kind, That the overseers,
or attorneys, or magistrates, should not have acquainted the Exe-
cutive Government the extent to which the determination or
the negroeS had gone all around this district, ‘. not to work after
New-Year's-day, without being made free," is most . stonish mg,
as it would appear to have been known on almost all the 'estates
that these were the sentiments of the negroes,
I have adjourned the general court-martial at this place for the
present, and have cleared the gaol as far as possible.
Since commencing this despatch I have received accounts of
the negree- at Retirement, and two other properties, having
come in bodily. •

I will write to your Excellency'again in the evening,but the ac-
counts being so very satisfactory I would not delay a moment in
transmitting them. I have, &c.
• . • (Signed) WILLOUt*BY COTTON, M G.
• Colonel Campbell has taken a ruler, who came with torches,
in the act of setting fire to a property, and when questioned fully
avowed the purpose- he ;Carrie f,r, and re3retted not doing it. I
have ordered them to try him instantly, and if found guilty to
approve the court-martial and shoot him. It is the fear of
pun!shment that alone acts upon them to come in,' for depend
upon it there is a bad spirit amongst them.
(Signed) n eci) W. C.

No. 31.
CIRCULAR TO THE SEVER %L CUSTODES.
King's House, July :lit, 1531.
am commanded by his Excellency the Governor to in-
close an extract of a despatch from Lord Goderich, disclaiming,
in the most distinct manner, any intention on the part of Ins
Maja,ty's clovernmeot, to adopt any measures which may have
the effect of interfering with the spir t f the resolution of the
House of Commons of 1823 relative to the ultimate extinction
of slavery in his Majesty's colonies.
His Excellency trusts that this explicit declaration of his Ma-
jesty's Government will remove any alarm of appretrensioi,
which some of the parochial resolutions may have excited in the
minds of the commun,ty at large. With a view, therefore, of
all qing such uneasiness, his Ex,ellency requests that you will
give the greatest
publicity.to the inclosed document.
I have, &c.
(Signed) WDi. BULLOCK.

No. 32.—(Confidential,)
King's House, July 30, 1831.
the
Silt,—Referring you to my letter of yesterday, his Excellency
Governor has desirel me to express to you, in a more pri-
.vAe manner, his request that you will endeavour to snake your-
self acquainted With the general conduct of the slaves in your
parish ; and should any circumstance arise to require the adop-
tion of further measures, in order to remove any erroneous im-
pression they may have received of the designs of. his Majesty's
rnm
pleased to give his Excellency the ear-
liest intimation of It,
you will undo. stand that he places the most implicit confidence
ou to you, his Excellency desires
in the good conduct of the slaves, and he only suggests a vigi-
lance, which is at all times more or less necessary, but more
caunds s i
ioan ss r
ohparve
rarbtliecultoarurliysc6o°n‘srthreu7,tidoiii
I have, &c.
(Signed) W. BULLOCK.
esentatkateiO ni.'lace, which
a'
e
To the several Custotles.

No. 33.

hiv Manche, Blontego.Bay, Jan. 5, ;832.
Lono,---I avail myself of the de9atch just going off to your
Lordship, to state how the squadron is now stationed.
Your Lordship.bas
'Ong ere . now Bean informed of tho arrival
of his Majesty's shjp Manche at this anchorage, with the de-
tachentof troops which we took' on bard Port Royal. 1
tbund here the /tar. !.arse and Sparrowhawk ; and that the
B/osSom was at Savainiali-la-Mar ; the Fircfly at Black River;
and Chem Pion at Port Antonio.
On our first reaching this port, the appearance of the country
Itsincs, and the amount of the very general disaffection and
revolt of thanegr°cs, were truly distressing. I am now, how-
levehapy have it in my power to say,• that by the prompt
and active measures taken by the Commander-in-Chief of tie
t
Forces, coupled With weit6
med proclamation, holding out
mercy o tho.e who would shew contrition for their crimes and
immediately rf,turn to their duty, the face of afftirs has been
very much changed for the. be-tier, and Lain. sanguine • in 13e..
Roving that in a short time, a continuance of the same active
and judicious measures will produce the most favourable result ;
and although the mischief done to the properties aro' the island
cannot be restored, yet that confidence and tranquillity will

enable the planter to recover what may be possible under tucl
unfortunate circumstances.

I have the pleasure to assure your Lordship -of the real and'
cordial co-operation of my naval department with that of the
militaryointl-nothing in my power shall he wanting to forward
the view .of Sfr Willoughby Cotton, sod. the public service,
who has, kindly on many occasions made me acquainted with his
pla of oper.:tions ; veaterdav I despatc i the Sparrotchawk to
take up a po,itioti to cover a bride o: or Great River, near Hill,
which is wit!,in vie.v of this anchorage whilst a particular ser-
vice is performing.
It may app,ar to your Lordship that severe measures have
been taken by the Commander-in-Chief of the Forces as to the
number of negroes who have expiated their crimes by the pu-
nishment of deist!), but I can assure your Lordship that nothing
but a sense of public duty could have occasioned that measure,
which was absolutely necessary.
Before I close this letter, I may beg to mention to your Lord-
ship, that the arrival of the Race Horse at this anchorage, and
the very 'active and judicious measures taken by Commander
Williams, had the effect of restoring cciitidence to the town,
and, in fact, I might almost say, saved it from the attack by the
rebels, who fully intended to burn it.
He landed his seamen and marines, and took charge of de-
fending the several 'passages into the town, which gave the
greatest confidence to the inhabitants.
I have the honour to be, &c.
' (Signed) ARTHUR FARQUHAR.
His Excellency the Right Hon. the Earl of Belmore.
