CAPTAIN TOWNES' PETITION.

Yu, by imperial appointment, Hoppo of Canton, &c.
&c., hereby proclaims to Howqua and the other Hong
merchants that they may thoroughly know and understand,
Whereas, the said hong merchants have just presented
to me a foreign petition, written in the Chinese character,
from the Eglish ship Captain Tonglong (Townes)
wherein is stated the f Alowing :
Several months before, when I was at Macao, I peti-
tioned clearly the Keen min foo, and having already given
the duly prepared bond according to the new law, I got his
permission to enter the port. Hosever, being prevented
by two war ships, one called Warren, the other called
Smith, I could not proceed, and in consequence my ship
has been lying at anchor in the outer seas for a long time,
which has caused me to lose a great deal of money. At
present all the cargo within my ship is utterly spoiled, but
mere especially my foreign rice; its smell is insufferable,
and as the people on board my ship inhale it, it is really
to be feared lest it breed a plague among them. Now my
said ship having already entered the port several says, I
earnestly beg that your Excellency will command the
Hong merchants promptly to secure her, so that I may
speedily get rid of my spoiled cargo, for which I shall feel
abundantly grateful," &c. &c.

Now this coming before me, the Hoppo, I find that
Townes' ship bad Already given the duly prepared bond
according to law, and obtained permission to enter the
port before that the port was shut against her, as I had
duly then informed the Viceroy, who conjointly with myself
gave orders to Howqua to proceed in person to Whampoa,
and after clearly examining the vessel, cause one of the
Hong merchants to petition me and secure her, as is duly
recorded.

Only, at just this moment is the time when his Excel.
lency the High Commissioner has commanded these said
Hong merchants to deliberate upon and fix certain regula-
tions, to be handed up to his Excellency for examination, by
which, whenever any foreign ship arrives at Whampoa, the
whole of the Hong merchants must give a joint bond, and
in order to put them all on the same footing, the said
Townes' ship ought to be dealt with in like manner.
Cause, therefore, as before, that the said Hovrqua., elaug
wit!► all.t4c other Hong- merchants, give instant obedience
to tlle commands of his Excellency the Commissioner,
and settle these nev. laws for giving the bond, which they
must hand up to his Excellency, and then let them petition
to me to open the said vessel's bold. Do not delay Be
speedy I A special edict !
Taoukwang, 19th year, 12th moon, and 2d day.
Canton, 16th January, 1840.

ANTI-SLAVERY CONVENTION.

This assembly will commence its sitting on the 12th
of this month. Delegates are already coming in from
various quarters, and announcements of more arrive
every hour. America, the strongest hold of slavery,
sends the greatest number of representatives. This is
as it should be. Amongst the American delegates are
the following :—James Gillespie Burney, Esq., of New
York, counsellor at law,, a native of Kentucky, a slave
State, and formerly a "holder of slaves, whom, on adopt-
ing the principles of abolition, he immediatly emanci-
pated, at the sacrifice of many thousand dollars. Such
a man gives proof that he is in earnest. Henry B.
Stanton, Esq., of New York, the secretary of the
American Anti-Slavery Society ; James Dean, Esq.,
late Professor of Mathematics and Natural Philosophy
in the University of Vermont ; Colonel Miller, a mem_
her of the State Legislature, who during the Greek
Revolution carried the contributions of his country and
gave his own services to the assistance of the Greeks.
George Braflburne, Esq., of Nantucket, Massachusetts,
Member of the State Legislature, James Mott, Esq., a
Member of the Society of Friends, from Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania; the Rev. E. Galusha ; also the Rev.
Nathaniel Colven, Pastor of the first Baptist Church in
Boston that admitted coloured men to sit in church
with the whites. This example the other Baptist
churches are silently and quietly following. Messrs.
Darves and Keep, from the Oberlin Institute, one of
the most remarkable institutions of modern times. From
Jamaica there have arrived William Knibb, the Baptist
Missionary, and W. W. Anderson, Esq., a Member of
the Legislature of that island ; from Barbadoes, S. J.
Prescod, Esq., • gentleman of firm Anti-Slavery prin-
ciples, and editor of a Liberal newspaper there. From
sprts from
every part of the United Kingdom the friends of the
negro are gathering to the meeting. France is sending
some
ado"cthear European uorO plcibaenrtcyo,unwti
hroe,s,wiwtliiilliakse
generous -
si.t to carry
on this peaceful and noble enterprise.

STANLEY'S BILL.-MEETING TN BOLTON.-
The Reformers of Bolton Kehl a meeting. en Thursday last, at
which the Mayor presided, when a resoiut‘on was passed ex-
pressive of their disapprobation of the 7ote given by their Mem-
ber, Mr. Ainsworth, on the division on Lord Stanley's Irish
,

-
