THE THEATRES.

DRURY.LANE.—The Heir at Law, a very hu-
morous mixture of the comic, the ludicrous, and
the pathetic, was last night brought forward at
this Theatre, chiefly for the purpose of nitro-
ducing LISTON in the part of Lord Duberly.—
'LISTON is certainly the most original comic actor
on the London boards, and if he is at times ex-
travagant, yet still his excesses are within the
limits of probability, and therefore he may hold
criticism at defiance. His very face does
much,. and he is as ready to take liberties
with that as with any 'character that he may
assume, and the effect is therefore irresistibly
diverting. He was much applauded through the
whole of his performance, and the comedy alto-
gether was well supported and received.
COVENT GARDEN.—Love itt- a Village, an inte-
resting little comedy in itself, last night intro-
duced a new candidate for public favour in
the part of Young Meadows, His name IS
LA R KIN. He comes from Liverpool, and is
said to have been some time a pupil of BISHOP.
His voice is a tenor, agreeable in tone, but
not very powerful. His person is well suited
to the stage. He introduced songs not original
in the piece, a modern practice which ought to be
abolished, and which in former times the au-
dienct would not have suffered. It destroys the
legitimacy of the drama, And is an insult to the
memory of the authors. Operas of former times
should be given as they were 'written and com-
posed, in justice to the author and musician;. Mr.
LA RKIN at present sings with simplicity, a rare
quality at present on the Stage, but kis pro-
bable that he will soon conform to moderti taste,
and become luxuriant in embellishments. He re-
ceived several encores. 'There was also simplicity
in his acting, and altogether he was respectable.
The great charm of the night was Miss PATON.
Her Rosetta was admirable throughout in sing-
ing and in acting. In the former her merit is too
well known to need any eulogium, and in the
latter it is a strong proof of her good sense that
she should so ably support every character that
she assumes. All her songs were most deservedly
applauded, and her acting received the just tribute
of critical approbation. FAWCETT'S Justice Wood-
cock is one of his best efforts, and lie is at all
times a natural and judicious actor. KEELY
was the Hodge. He will improve as he be-
comes more familiar with the Patent Stage.
The Opera was announced for repetition with
eart consent.

CAPE OF GOOD HOPE.

CAPE TOWN, Nov. 10.

EXECUTION OF J. W; L. GERHARD, ESQ., FOR THE dIUR.

DER QF A SLAVE

-On Saturday, the 21st of September last, the
trial of Mr. J. W. L. Gebhard, son of the Reverend Mr.
Gebhard, Clergyman at the Pearl, at the instance of the Land-
drost of Stellenbosch, ratione op-li, prosecutor, came on before
the full Court at this place, for the murder of a slave, the pro-
perty of his father, by excessive and unlawful punishment.—
He was found guilty, and sentenced todeath ; but having noted
an appeal from the sentence, it was brought before the Honour-
able the Court of Appeals, on litget thal.3th inst., and
the opinion of the Court was delivered by the Secretary in the
following words :

The Court having read and duly considered the appellant's
memorial, and other documents produced by him, letting forth
his reasons for appealing, and praying a reversal of the said
sentence, and to award such other punishment as this Court shall
deem equitable and just, according to the merits of the case;
and the rationt ecii prosecutor's replies thereto; and having
also read and duly considered the whole of the proCeedings had
before the Worshipful the Court of Justice, and the cause hav-
ing been duly assessed ;-_.loth dismiss this appeal,—doth affirm
the sentence appealed from, and (loth direct the cause back to
the Worshipful the Court of Juitice, to forthwith carry into
execution their aforesaid sentence."

After the Court had given its deeision on this melancholy
case, the, Secretary of the Court of Appeals, by command of his
Excellency the Governor, observed, that " the Court having
confirmed the sentence of the Court below, he was directed to
state, that it is the intention of his Excellency the Governor to
call the particular attention of the Llinddrost of the district of
Stellenbosch to the future welfare of the slaves who have given
evidence in this case; and also, that it is his Excellency's in-
tention to take into his immediate consideration the limitation
of domestic correction of slaves, both in its nature and extent,
as well as every other subject connected with their welfare and
treatment.

The awful sentence of the Court of :justice was enforced
yesterday. At about half-past eight, the prisoner; attended
by Dr. Philip, who, from the moment of The affirmation of the
sentence, had administered spiritual comfort, ascended the
waggon, at the prison door, and repaired . to the Hall of
Justice; from which, accompanied, by the Rev. Dr. Philip
and the Rev. Mr. Wright, he wits conveyed to the place
of execution; on entering the waggon, ids step was firm, and
his countenance animated by the fervour of religion. Hymns, in
Dutch and English, were sung until they arrived, about ten
o'clock, at the fatal spot. Soon after tan, the members of the
Court of Justice arrived—the singinitt-of hymnal continued, in
which the prisoner joined. Just before he ascended the plat-
form, which he did without the least ornbarrassmen t, he re-
quested leave to sing one other hymn alone, which he did, in
the English language, with an undismayed voice, and with
a glowing countenance. lle then addressed those who were
present :—" I have but a few momenta to live ; I wish you
may all. receive the full benefit of my example. I acknowledge
the justice of my sentence ; may its example not be lost upon
you ' see ydu are much affected ; but I call upon you, in
the language of our blessed Saviour, Weep not for me, but
weep for yourselves.' We are all weak, sin Ail creatures.—
Let him that standeth take heed lest he tall !' I forgive
all my prosecutors, and those who bore witness against me. I
die in peaee with all mankind, anti hope for salvation only
through the merits of Christ ! May he wash you all from
sin." Soon after he was launched into eternity. •
A circumstance so unusual at the Cape, where slavery is in
its mildest form, made a great sensation. An immense con-
course attended the execution. There was no symptom of
exultation in the conduct or appearaoSe of the slaves, who were
present in great numbers. 7 hey all expressed gratitude for
the protection afforded them by the Governor, in confirming
the sentence of the court of justice, but at the same time main-
festal extreme sorrow for the sufferer.

;Music.---s'wl. LAFOND, the eminent violinist,
who was in London a few tuonthe ago, is now delighting
the Parisians. On the 29th of last month he gave a Con.
-
aert in the Salle Favart, which was numerously and bril-
liantly attended. Ilia execution is In a finished style,
and he overcomes difficulties with great ease and light
nom The audience received his performances with much ap-
plause, particularly the variations on the favourite air from
Emma, which were arranged with taste, and given in a style of
graceflilncas highly captivating.
