PORTUGUESE PAPERS.

intol2 THE NE."-VA LOISITANA, OF TILE ISTH JULY.]
I The following is an analysis of General JUNOT'S
{ Proclamation of the 25th of last month :

• Peodamatisn. --" The most illustrious 'and excellent Seig-
nor the Nuke of Abrantes, General in Chief of the Army, of
Portugal, hai just addressed the following 'Proclamatiod to
the inhabitants of some parts of thit. Provinces of Enure Douro
e Minho and the two Algarvs." -

Remarks. —“: General Junot is not Duke ,of
Abrantes. •• No such title has hL-!en conferred up-On
him by the lawful Sovereign 'Of this kingdarn, frofn
whom alone he could receive it. This Riper shoutZt
have been addressed to all the inhabitants of the
two Provinces of the North, and the two Algarves,
because' all of them' have, run.to arms with egnal
ieal; and at this, moment theextensive provinces of
Beira, and Alem:l'ajo are defending .the same
cause."

Pr,c,—' Which, yielding to perfidious suggestions,' have
rebelled.' •

litm.—"*e have not rebelled; we have taken
up a7tus to detend the rights Of our-livtrtul Sovereign
and our country against the-oppression of usurpers.
Nor have we acted upon the suggestions of any one ;
we only voluntarily perform what is our duty."

•
.Prt,c.--, Without reflecting on the. irn p:)s bi:ity of the pp.-
manent,goutt tebui tof 46 absurd an ciiterptis?..'

hort!
,Rem,—“ Tots same General Junot
will
• s y
ascertain v.:ft:l.nel, the enterpriSe will have a good or
bad result." . •
withOlit perciving thai this
of
,agiratinn can only re,i4uno to. the advant4ge the common
enemy, Ala terminate in tile inevitable: ruin of themseives.?
Rent. —`:`, There. was a :time when 'we thought
that' the Fretoth, in shutting the ports of the Con-
tinent, intended ,to.rnake:war upon the English, de-
nominated the Common EtzeMy ; but we .have bee.n
undeceived,. to our heavy cost. The French wished
to.obtain
.the dominion of :the Continent, for the
purposes of pillage attd desolation, that they might.
place French Dyita,ties on the thrones of its different
States, and finally thai all should-become the slaves
.of 'Paris. We knoW by; this time that the bommln
Ede:my, not only. of. England and of Europe, but
also of the whole world, are no. other than the
French ; and that it is from them alone we have to
apPrniend inevitable ruin.".. .

Proc.-4' I:'ortuguesel what frehzy agitates yOu 2'
Fen.--" Our frenzy -consists in, wishing to shake
off the yoke of slavery."
- Proc.-4 Into what an abyss of calamities are you about
to plunge yourselves'?'

It would have been more correa to have
asiTed, from what au abyss of cala:uities are you
aboUt to etuerfe."

P7cc.--' After seven tricinths of the :lost per;cec'ttranquil-
~::~,
YlV:AcJo4ol,til9°flteirdny, wii,tt caul: itavr Ju to
tu6'., LAi.c !:p arras, anti :..,-8-ztiurt

In those seven Mouths our patience has
been covletely exhausted. In those s:-..‘en months
we have o.:xperi'em;:ed.only the tranquillity which the
tyger gives when „he lurks in colic:editneat for the
favourable moment of attacking and lacerating his
prey. You must have /been very Stupid to
,think
that there way any har.noby with you : on the con-
trary, there was. an- insatiable desire of revenge, and
of taking up arms against you.
Pr6c. .' Against au army which was to secure ybur inde-
pendenc,:„ wincli was to maintain time integrity of your coup'
it), and, in- snort, without which you would •cease 'to be
Yom tugucse '
fienz.—‘! Portugal has existed for severi.centuries,
without being necessitated
.to call -in your army to
maintain her independence. We Were not at war
with any State. 11- you had not come here, who
was there to disturb us ? yourselves easy.
We have the means both of ,d2stroying your army,
and o(continuing td be' Portuguese."
?roc. —Who can thus urge you to betray your oWnin-
terests ? D. you then ivisn'tnat.thi: ancient Lusitania should
hentefurtli be no inure than a province of-Spain ?'
Renz.---" The snare, which you lay in order to
produce discord between Portugal and. Spain is very
gross. Are you not aware, that two nations-suffer-
iog under the same oppressive and calamitous yoke,
:are converted, by that vexy.circumstauce, into lila-
mate friends .

Prqc.--' Whit can you expea' in a contest with• an army

numerous, yaiLin, and inured to war, in whose -presence
oit would bedispersed like the sands ot the desert by. the
impetuous blasts ot the south wind ?"
ilegt.—" The author of thiS Proclamation •had,
doubtless, been just reading some eastern Romance,
or an account ot POrt anixore's battle with the flock
of sheep, which he conceived to be giants.
seriously speaking, said author cominils a very
'great mistake : when he applies the term numerous
to an .;my of 14 or :,.,001) men, he spews himself-
an. admirer of little things; and if he calls f ,vidiant
and inured. to 'war,' a parcel of raw recruits, who
suffered the.msel'veslo be taken at Coimbra by a few
peasants, who surrendered to sonic petty detach-
Aleuts of students, the heroes of Figuera and Na..
zareth, and who fled and.:abandoned‘their posts on
the appearance. of the, „slightest movement against
them, may we still continue, to find them warriors
of that surt, and we shall. take the whole of theM
without unsheathing a:sword.",
Prcr.—‘ Do you not perceive that those who misled you,
look not to wnat may twiner mit wieretS, but solely to •
the weans of graiiiying ieves4ge ; W,t provided the Con.
timid . urbcd, what signiti,s it to them how much
blpod.may.riow
Rem.-:---" Be for once undeceived.. The .Enlish
have bad nothing' -tOdo with advising us. If they
come heie; it is because we have itivilCd them, and
chiefly 't hat they may furnish us with. arms ; for you
have robbed us of outs, being a set of cowards, de-

sirous to live only attiong'a disarmed people."

Should those 'pectic-Haus lslaukkls land on your
territory, leave me to combat them ; tots is the duty of rliy
army; yours is to rem un pe;:crabk
'• Thuae Islanders, since their • arrival at
Oporto.. in 1386,. with the Duke- of -Lancaster, and
j, their concluiiou of an alliance with 'I), John 1, have.

EliliTCE sT rpEti-eti‘

not, during the long splce of more than four cent u.
lies, glver; us single iwtance of, pert dy.
you whin we have fountl rt.rEkoci. Your duty 1;
to defend yourselves; ours, to attack. you. ,

Proc.-41 pity your error ; but should you pert4,t in .t,
should you continue dem' to :ny voice, tremble; ygur iranish-
went shall be terribly.'

Rem.-7-"1-Esivv tender-hearted pan have becon-
Rather reserve your, pity for the' misfortunes ifto
which you have failen fro'm your ambition and scut-
fEthere th,it knows, not, that wide~
the mask of friendship you have mryt iniquistouSlY
and treacherously invadt4 and laid waste whole ei;-
ties and- provinces, where you-have ecinatittd the
most atrocious and.scandalous ro!ibe,ries
nations; and that you would have-done-the same iu :
Portugal.,,had .not your politiol blithd,•rs p!un..,,, I
you into your present disastrous situatio.) \i-iat
you call error, we -denominate wisdom; and ‘,vitl..l
so mach the more propriety, as you have calied
conquest which was to have been preie.cThri.
there. be .ny error ire cit-cleivoal ins tip
.dehver (e. r'
country from a band of traitors and Neb00t.,7.-;;.:
who entered it as friends, -be asiured. that 'we ‘viil
not desist from it, and that you will have to suffer ••••
all its consequences, unless,- from being impudent,
bullies, you _place yourselves in the- situation
hdmble supplicants."
Prcc,—'Can you still rerit a (lyn,lsty which has :Nut.-
cloned you, and whose. Government had su humiliated you,
that you were no longer ranked ainong the
Europe; e' _

Haye you still the audacity to talk thud
of the voyage of his Royal Highness ? Nlpoleon has
incurred inilimy of making. prisoners of the
'Royal Family of Spain, and.what better-treatment
could'obr Sovereign and his Family.h•ave
PeCted.?.. He adopted the etpOdient which w.a;
ealcUlated to save himself -and his country. What l
is it the old ooVernMent that depressed us, and arc
you come to
.tetriew -us ? the list seven months,
have we not lose.more, both property
.putatin, than we ever before did in a whole cetv.
tury. • •

~ .
Proc. --' What do you wish 'for 1 To remain fbrtvgad§;. . ?
I'o be independent ? Tlll5 the Great Napoleon lias.pr;),riks:A
you:' I ,

Rem.—" He ne‘.er yet perfl.srmed '4l)y thin t:1 It.
he 'promised."

Pfor.--1 You have, yours:lves, earefiftly entreatct fxf ;T1
a Kiug, :vito aided by the ail,powcr;ul anti of tit :4uniatcn,
inight raise ap again ,your unfortunate country, art
her in the rank beloni,s to her.'

- .
.Risurn teneatzs, anziei? Is it a Depn-
tation to Bayonne, who were told,what they shucti,.!
say and write-, that you (leech a co:up:gem ofgati tv
express our free consent ? 1, it the-clekkiOn, of a
Junt.l of the three eitates, who never
the people, united to a few individuals arbii-,!-i!si
F.4:leted from the three Urd2..-, •,tlrround,,l
bayonets, and co:upeUed ,v1:1!;ver
before ;hem, that you construe into the_gen,.!ral su
(rage pit the nation ? Wnat a piece of etirmtery

. At this
_inomenr, b,-yoric.l doubt, your ri,!w,
narciris on the point of visiting you, in this
meeting with tintiitui subjezts.'

Rent:'—" What. he 1-Say fiod if he comes thron
the au-; we.know hot but he will certa;nly we,
with none such if he.comes by sea or laod.l'

Proc.—' Sholt he find only rebels P
Rebels! ;Nu! he will find lawful en,
Mies."

P/oc:—' I expeaed to have Nit into his hands a peacel
kingtbrn.and flourishing cities. Stiall I have to slie.vv
only ruins and heaps of a.ites and dead bodies ?'

Rem.----" Be assured that'yon wilt not have
shew hint any thing of the kind."

Would he' reign over a desolate Country t
taint), not.'

would
,hy that determination do
the-great2st possible favour." .

Proc.—‘ You would only tx..' an unfortunate Province

Rem.---" This is a repetition of the gross artifi,
to embroil s with-Spain."

Proc.-6 Your customs, your l.aws, every thing has
preserved. is not your religi.‘n oar's i,lso ?
on,the.contrary, who Vi012t,.: it ? You •suli..r 'yoorselv...;.;
be misled by ki.-,retics,,whoi.:: wisr, is to destiny y
'our religion.-Asir tne.untoi toti.:te ii sb Carhoilc6 what c,
pression they groan under, and by the orders 'O/ tiwiro
Government.'

Rena.--" What devotees! What preachers ! 'L.
our churches proclaim your piety, which (an.l ii
no less true than it is horrik4e) yon cow-lc:cc] ii
stables for your horses. L t our sacre,a iroa&
Which you have ,bUrrirtell it. Let Us appeal
own eyes, winch hare seen the French with, Inn
hats on, and siiting, at the, windows eating ti
meals, at the time the most holy Saeratileid
passing, &c."

. ..
,
Proc.—' Is it not you who yiolate•it, brnbeyipg thel
nisters of that holy religion (whose titst precspt is oz,:oic
-and subrnission to the laws) when rit,:y iiistigart, rr:l`,;,
der and assassinate Wen t\ Ali lIVUti anion; you as !.iroth .i.r.,'

Rem.—" The .n3inisters• qf oar holy rc limn;
we lob, know' you perfectly vvell. You canziot.
ceive'is. We'owe obediefice to the laws of Our
gitimate Sovereigu, aou not to those of ustirp,e!
You lived among masterus as a aster among his stave

Prre.•---1' Unfortunate beings !' they will, pay: dear for
calatutties which they draw down-upon yoti; out
unhappy Portuguese ! will be the victims of thes.e e.ill
ties '

Reni.—" How ridiculous. to see the chief of
expiring governant acting the part of .I,v;
Twians !" ,

Prce.-L' If there still remained any abuses in the nti‘n;rl
traii,:n, the ex[wrience 9t eachsuccessive ni.y was (limit,tsbi
m the. An inlinirtaht branch or thefinances has he.:l4 alrzit
r‘guish:ti by bettling the py of the soldiers On ;I,ecti e
it, s:llarios of- the ischnintstr4tors and Ninusi.;!s•
re,;uLarly •pant,"

,Reni:—" Your
_.treatment of the -Portuguese sc
Biers has been most abominable: you never th'ol4.!,
of theln pay, tnitiLihe .14th ut June, that is, on
you tiVgan to be alarmed. . The ebliinalion in w;4:
you helt.l.the Portuguese soldiers is. suiliciently
if-stvd by the utli Article oty our Decree-:—".11

~,,,
it.:. (t), rJli
~,
, ,
jr.,,.,:
VY '„' 'ciw
__-_,--

z4A
