MONEY AND CITY NEWS.

(FROM THE MORNING PAPERS Of THIS DAY.)

CHRONICLE.—There is no change to notice in the
English Stock Market either as regards its general appear-
ance or the quotations of the different securities. Consols
for Money and the 27th inst. 93i to 94 ; Reduced Three-
and-a, Half per Cents., 1001 to ; New ditto, 101 i to
102 ; Exchequer Bills, 66 to 68 preen. ; India Bonds, 63
to 65 prem. ; India Stock, 261 to 262 ; and Bank Stock,
202 to 203.

Spanish Stocks are a shade lower, but the others are
nearly the same as yesterday.
The cotton trade at Liverpool continues exceedingly
active, and all the letters received from thence describe
the market as tending very strongly to a further advance in
price. The stock has lately been considerably reduced,
in consequence of the prevalence of easterly winds, by
which no cargoes have been received for nearly three
weeks, and also by the increasing demand for cotton
which has been experienced in Manchester, and in conse-
quence of the prosperity of the American and general ex-
port trade. The stock on hand at Liverpool yesterday
was 342,400 bales ; and it is important to observe, in re-
ply to the ridiculous statement in the Times lately on this
subject, that the present quantity of cotton on hand only
amounts to a little more than the excess of the importation
of 1838 as compared with 1837 ; so that if there had not
been a greater amount transmitted to this country this
year, there would not, in fact, have been any cotton at all
on hand at the present moment, and this does not take
into account the stock on hand in 1837, which ought to be
deducted from that of the present year. This is rather an
awkward fact for our Contemporary. The importations
in 1837 amounted to 971,246 bales, and this year to
1,288,947, being an excess of 317,701 bales over 1837.

POST.—The Public Securities have been but little
dealt in to-day. They have, however, fully maintained
yesterday's quotations, and, at the close of the week's
transactions this evening, notwithstanding all that had trans-
pired during the last few days on the subject of our foreign
relations, in connection with which there has been so much
to excite apprehension in the minds of the monied interest,
the English funds were in no case more than a mere frac-
tion lower than at the commencement. The Market has,
in fact, been so well supported in the face of every fresh
announcement tending to cause uneasiness, that parties
speculating for the fall perceived at an early period of the
week the policy of buying up their accounts for the ensuing
settlement, which is now very near at hand ; and this they
have done, we understand, to a considerable amount,
which has, of course, assisted materially in sustainin
prices. The progress of the corn averages in Eng-
land is at the present time probably a matter to which the
attention of the fundholder and capitalist is more anxiously
directed than any other. That fresh importations of grain
will take place seems to be admitted by every one at all
conversant with the subject, and the question for more im•
mediate consideration is what will i❑ all likelihood be the
extent of them, and what further amount of capital will be
embarked in the traffic, as upon this point principally will
depend, for a few weeks or peri;aps a tew months to come,
the condition of the Money Mar:et, The great houses
are, in the meanwhile, from all we can learn, carefully hus-
banding their resources, in the expectation that a scarcity of
money will be felt before long, when an increased rate of in-
terest will necessarily be given for accommodation.
The letters received this morning from Liverpool men-
tion that a very extensive business continued to be done in
cottons at that place, and that the article had again im-
proved in value. One individual concern, which our com-
mercial readers will have no difficulty in recognising as the
party, is represented to be exercising a powerful influence
on the market, and as this establishment has under its con-
troul a very large proportion of the stock of American on
hand, it is fully expected that the present rates will be
fully supported for the present. It is added, that unless
the importations by other houses should be liberal, it is
quite possible that a further advance may presently take
place.

HERALD.—Serious complaints continue to be made
by the West India interests, respecting the alteration which
has been effected in their commercial relations with our
West India islands, in consequence of the abolition of
slavery, which now enables the freed negroes to purchase
their necessaries and clothing where they choose, as those
articles are no longer dealt out to them by the agents of the
owners of estates, inasmuch as they are now paid in wages.
These circumstances have completely turned the commerce
of all the old West India houses into new channels, and
have caused the springing up of a new class of dealers, both
here and in all our West Indian settlements.
A Mauritius price current of the 29th of June states
that to the 25th of that month the exportation of the
season's sugar crop had amounted to 74,125,4821b5, beyond
which it affords us no information of any utility.

THE MARKETS.

COUNTRY CORN MARKETS DURING LAST WEEK.

teat. I Barley.

Oats.

Beans.

Pease.
