Huelva, Triguerves V,l,verde, and other places, the
enemy were completely routed, with great loss,which
according to some accounts exceeded 100 men, and
a number of 'muskets; knapsacks, .and other useful
effeLts.

uncietgo. a legal investigation, not to attcmpt to
prejudge the case ; yet, when his friends endeavour
to mislead the public mind, by misrepresenting.
precedents, we think it right to counteract their
efforts. An Opposition Paper, alluding'to the case
of TOPHAM, the Serjeant at Arms, against whom
there was a judgment in the- King's Bench, in the
reign of CHARLES 11. for illegal proceedings, under
the SpeAKEtes Warrant, states, that immediately
. after the Resolution, the House of Commons took
the business into their consideration, and " sum-
moned before them Sir FRANCIS PnmnnwroN,
the Chief Justice, and Sir THOMAS JONES, one of
the Judges, and they were required to account for
over-ruling the plea of the jurisdiction of the House.
of Commons. They accordingly did proceed to ex-
! plain and justify • their decision. Their arguments
against the JURISDICTION Of the HOUSE were most
forcible."
Now, in point of fact, the Judges, instead of argu-
ing against the jurisdiction of the House of Com-
mons, atlmitted it in the strongest terms. Sir

By the last accounts from Gibraltar we learn,
that though at Marbella the people were at first irre-
solute whether they should oppose the enemy, the,
arrival of the mountaineers of the Sierra, who nailed
up the cannon of the castle, and took out the silver,
which had been already packed up to carry, it to
Malaga, so encouraged them, that they took up
arms and joined the insurre&ion of the Sierra.
From the same place we learn, that the pretended
King JOSEPH left Malaga on the i 3th of the present
month, and that Osuna is entirely free.

CADIZ, NIARCII 23.—Every day our wonder in-

creases that the enemy should dare •to propose to

hemselves the conquest of Andalusia with 'so small

a force. It can only be accounted for by the sur-
prise which their sudden entrance must have caUsed
to a people who relied in full confidence upOn the
force that covered the Sierra, and the fortifications

FRANCIS PEMBERTON said, that " no Judge ever
denied that the order of the House of Commons
was sufficient to take any one into custody." The
Judges rested their defence, not upon the validity of
the order, but upon the mode of pleading it.

by which it was defended. Insurreetion has suc-
cee4d to the careless tranquility with which the

enemy were received in some towns, which have

already eK[ierenced a repetition of the same scenes
which were exhibited in Gallicia and Catalonia.
Woe to those people who, disregarding their sa-
cred duties, will not take example by those who

A very interesting conversation took place last
night in the House of.Comtnons, respeeting the late
disturbances, w which we beg leave to call the at-
tention of our Readers. The conduet of the solditcs,
for forbearance and moderation, was spoken of with
the highest approbation by all parties.

sacrifice themselves for their King, their Country,
their Liberties, and their Religion. They deserve

not the name of Spaniards, and shall henceforth be
treated with the contempt they merit fur their inac- 1
tion and cowardice. The city of Seville may serve 1 Yesterday about twelve o'clock, the KING arrived
them.for an example ; the enemy there entered ! at the Queen's Palace' from Windsor, where he was
i received by the Dukes of Yonx, CLINIBERLAND,
without resistance. They there found spurious i u
KENT, and CAMBRIDGE.
Spaniards, sold to -their desolating system. The ; Soon after.. two o'clock his MAJESTY held a Pri...
1;. rate Levee, which was, attended by
unhappy populace saw it.with grief, and only waited
, The Lord Chancellor,iretatseuLryo,rd President of the Council ;
,the moment when their brethren should assist ' the First-Lord of the .' ad Chancellor of the Ex;;
I chequer; the First Lord of the Admiralty ; the three Secre.
them, to give proofs of their patriotism. 1 tams of State, the President of the Board of Controul, the
t President
I ue ofA Boarddtvhoecate
th
co f
The first benevolent acts of the enemy were to 1 Rlescraodrartho Ie C-rdniou..7ltehireinDukheiseo%
impose contributions, to overturn all order and Nitilraroolvvryd. IVLloorncitsrosset.;HEelamrllss
(in waiting),
vviieinatcihigelsieda(gaord
government, to seize as plunder whatever came in i stick) and Douglas; Sirs S. Cotterell, P. Hale, and
Newbolt ; General Houghton, Captain Douglas, and Mr.
their way, and to treat as slaves those whom 1 Guarden.
I
treachery alone could hard induced to remain in an ' to .
insMl2he,,,,following had the honour of being presented
AJESTY :-.. -
inaOivity,of which they became the victims. Seville i Mr. William W. H. Guarden, on his appointment as a
and Spain lost a part of their riches by the carrying ! Lord of the Treasury. of Ireland, and on b • of his
being sworn
Majestyts Privy Council.
away of there valuable picaves which have long i erieadier-General Houghton, on his return from Nova. Sco.
fia and on being appointed to the Staff at Carlin.been the admiration of foreigners, and hundreds of 1 The Hon. Captain Douglas..R.N. upon his promotion, by
4 his father; Lord Douglas,
carriages laden with rich articles were sent away, : Mr. Newbolt, on his appointment to the office of fudge,
to satisfy the thirst of sold of the oppressor of . at Madras, upon which occasion he received the honour of
Knighthood.
Europe, 1 'I lie Earl of Courtowr., upon coming to his title.
His MAJESTY gave audiences to the Lome CHAN-
Fifty French, who with their commander marched ! CELLOR, the Marquis WELLESLEY, Earls CAMDEN,
to enter Arasena, have perished by the hands of the ! LIVERPOOL, and CoURToWN ; Messrs. PERCEVAL,
' M.
poor peasantry, except t 4 who were made pri- ; RYDER, arid Mr. M ..... SUTTON ; the latter laid before
; his MAJESTY the proceedings of some Courts-Mar-
soners. tial.
There is a strong report that a party of French, of 1 A Portsmouth Letter states, that orders have been
'about 700 men, who endeavoured to enter Olivera, , .received at that Port to fit up a 64 gun-ship and
three frieates' for the Purpose of transporting troops,
have fallen viOins to their rashness. What apology frigates, for
• but their destination is not known.
can the great towns Make for remaining in a culpa- i Accouets have been received of the landing of Mr.
ble inaCtion, when those, of the third order thus ' M`KENZIE at Morlaix on Saturday last, for the pur-
pose of negotiating an excite* of prisoners of war
bravely defend themselves against, and repel tyranny , ,_
i between our Government and that of France. He
and slavery. , is a Gentleman whose abilities are very highly
- ' spoken of, and who has visited all the European,
i Eastern, and Western Courts. We hope his mis-
' sion may be attended with some happy event.
Yesterday a few persons assembled at the Crown
and Anchor Tavern, in consequence of an adver-
tisement, for the purpose of forming a subsciption
~ I for Mr. GALE JONES. Mr. CLiFsoRD took the
chair upon the occasion, and some resolutions for a
subscription were agreed to, but we have not learnt
that any money was aCtually subscribed. Mr.
CLIFFORD, in the course of.his speech, endeavoured
1 to explain his conduce respeeting the order issued by
t the Benchers-of Lincoln's Inn, which Mr. Skir.ea-
I DAN brought before the House,of Commons.
All the accounts from the Baltic indicate, that
It the late commercial regulations are- executed with
1 'great severity.
We have already mentioned the Swedish Degree,
I adopting the French Continental System. After
the 24th of the present month no colonial produce
I is to be admitted into the ports of that kingdom.
I A Court of DireCtors met yesterday, when the
undermentioned Commanders talk leave of the
Court, previous to their departing for their respec-
tive destinations, viz.:—Captain PATTERSON, of the
Thomas Grenville, for Ceylon and Bengal ; Captain
Toussetsr, of the Juliana, for Ben-gal direel.—The
COurt adjourned at six o'clock, till Wednesday next.
The singular pedestrian, Field, the Publican, of
Old Windsor; who started from Hyde-park Corner
' on Monday night last, at twelve o'clock, to walk to
Windsor in a sack, performed his journey in three
hours andforty minutes under the given time.
A native of Limburg is at present employed at
'Munich in teaching.the ladies of that capital to knit
without needles. The art is, however, as yet very
imperfe6t, as his pupils can only knit breadthwise,
and not circularly.
Dr. CROTCH (having last year commemorated
the both anniversary of the death of HANDEL,) in-
tends to give a Grand Concert, in commemoration
of HAYDN, consisting entirely of his works, at the
Hanover7square Rooms, on the 31st of May next,
being the first anniversary of the day on which that
celebrated composer died. Tire 'principal singers
will be Madame CATALANI, Mrs. VAUGHAN, Mrs.
ASHE, and Mrs.- BIANCHI ; Messrs. HARRISON,
VAUGHAN, BARTLEMAN, &C. &C. Mr. SALOMON
(who had an intention, unknown to Dr. CROTCH, of
a similar performance) anxious ,to manifest his re.
spe& for the memory of this great master, will lead
the band.
•

MAILS.
ARRIVED-2 Dublin. DeE Cottenburgh, I Lisbon,
I Cadiz, 3 Waterford.

PRICE. 01: STOCKS.,

THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols - - - 69 701 Red. Ann. -69 i

'FRE S UN.

GOLILM QUIS DICERS FALSUM AUDFEAT?

LONDON,

THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1810.

Dutch Papers to the tsth inst. arrived this morn-
ing, but they contain very little news of importance.
LOUIS BuoNAPARTE has been permitted to return to
Holland, retaining his title of King, but exercising
the duty of a Prefect. The French and Dutch
Papers are still filled with accounts of BUONAFARTE'S
marriage.

A report was circulated this morning, that ac-
counts had been received of a battle having been
fought between the British Army under Lord WEL-
LINGTON, and the French : upon inquiry, however,
we find that it is wholly without foundation.

A Letter has been received from Plymouth stat-
ing, that an American Captain had arrived there,
who had taken JEFFERY, the sailor, from the Island
of Sombrero; that he had eaten away part of his
own flesh, And that' be died two hours after be was
taken off the Island. Our Plymouth Correspon-
_
. dent, upon whose accuracy we place the .most
im-
plicit confidence, is silent upon the subject, and we
have very little doubt that this story has been-fabri-
cated for the worst of purposes. We believe that
no instance can be found where any person suffering
under the pressure of faminehas eaten his own flesh.

Although we think it would be proper,- as the
question reyectiog Sir FRANCIS 13URIDETT is to
