*Oll,
Et e

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, MARCH 29, 1635.

neo
In the House of Commons last nigh
''' C. I
writs were moved for in the room of Sir of
HOBHOUSE and Mr. STANLEY, the fbrin,erttj
whom has been appointed Secretary for lre'sies:
coloodite
and the latter Secretary for the
These are appointments that will, noedoubt,
cl°ubht'cr of
general satisfaction. But it will be
roses that the Hon. Member for We,btinin rster
going to stretch himself on. The u°ve"nTtusl
of Ireland is no sinecure. It requires PerPiteo
activity—the perpetual .exercise of shads 4'
and liberality. Sir JOHN is by no mean. f
cient in these respects. He has no Iscl‘;:vite
gacity, and if he bring equal patience and "-niforo
tiality W. his task, he may do. But t 0 rg-sters
Ireland on any other principle than that °' 0 to
impartiality, would be about as ridiculous •th
attempt to check the cataract of Niagara ,
bull-rush. Mr. STANLEY will be more 3" 1:?,110 '
A. 0.-
in his present than his past situation. `-ot, be
of his fire, and spirit, and decision will I - 'fill
amiss in the Colonies. But we hope he
enter on his new occupation withhOepa
tuous abhorrence of a job. We "-'l,l
will begin by breaking the neck of That
Charles and Lord John system• njett
patronage will have reference rather t° 0101
than to birth. That he will prefer plebei3navele
to patrician imbecility. Hitherto the ig-videcif
tnents of our different colonies have been urtn-,iliel
for the most part, between the two gretis.lol
of the Noodles and the Doodles. Luiv;
'1
Noodle has been the representative of `-19
in this island ; my Lord Doodle in Ill°, listf,
brothers and the half-brothers of th° 6rr;
fingered the loaves and fishes here ; t"-
the
cousins and second cousins of the other/ ititi
It is time that this flagrant system of fa sip
should be done away with. It stiu's I
nostrils of all reflecting men.
We know not who is to succeed °"r Ittly
HOBHOUSE at the War-office. ItullWiihot
of Mr. ELLICE or Lord Howielc, "
hlf
most efficient successor would unquestifl:erd
Sir H. PARNELL. He is a long-vie' „peoli::
of the public—a steady Reformer---ao -et e'
promising economist. We do not I°4oo
tb
share he took in shaking off the NVOIII.
incubus which had squatted so I°llgool'fir
chest of poor, oppressed, slumberinl'ell
Bull. The name alone of Sir 0. Fij: fa
would be a tower of strength to aft rot;
ministration. It would be an additions' v
for their sincerity.

tea to
Lord GODERICH has been apPliltthe
office of Lord Privy Seal, vacant by
signation of the Earl of DotHA

Among the many crying grieva—e 0
the attention of Parliament ne sl'
afflict this country, there is none tOre, 0
state of the libel law. Deviations fr°odi
principle may occur in different portionsrd
institutions of a country, particularly as isd
finance and commerce, which maY be P clic.
defended on the ground of general eqe d
or the ruin which would be occasion 0
So
many by adopting right principles. f 01)
excuses can be advanced in favour ° 0151
barons code of laws applied to the aci° Al
tion of justice between man and 00.0' gid
makes their retention in a country pretend; ill
free and civilized, a disgraceful memori
`of
i slavery. Our libel law is but a reoroill
than the suo 0
