to 466,789/. For further particulars we refer
to the speech of the Noble Lord.

We have received by express the Paris Papers
of Thursday, wickthe Evening Papers, dated
Friday. It will be seen by the following extract
from the Messager des Chambres, that the
Austrians are pressing more closely on France
than the friends of peace would deem prudent.
It is evident that the three Great Powers have
been all along arranging their plans in concert,
with a view to rebist the introduction of liberal
principles into their several dominions, if not to
put down the Revolution of July. Probably
the present demonstration has some connection
with the proceedings now going forward in
Portugal :

(From the llessager des Chambres of Friday.)
We have this instant received the following
information, which we guarantee as authentic:—
" The Austrians are concentrating in great
force near Bregentz, on the lake of Constance :
128 pieces of artillery are already arrived
there, and the Charge d'Affaires at the Duke of
BADEN'S Court has demanded of his sovereign the
liberty of occupying Constance. The Grand Duke
refused, invoking the Treaty which guarantees
the inviolability of his territory ; but the Aus-
trians threaten to act'with force, and the Duke
will be obliged to accede. It is evident that the
Austrians mean to open a way to France by pass- ,
ing that part of Switzerland."

Letters from Germany assure us, that the
Grand Duke of BADEN, and several other Princes
of the Confederation, before they submit to sign
the Protocol of Frankfort, have addressed them-
selves to the Cabinet of the Tuilleries, asking,
that if they refuse to sign, could they depend
on the assistance of France ? The answer was,
" that the French Cabinet regrets they could not
interfere in this affair."

At three o'clock in the afternoon, nothing o,
importance was known from the expedition o
Don PEDRO at the Hotel of the Empress of
BRAZIL.

CHOLERA.
Died in the hospitals lB
in private houses.

--75
Letters from Madrid, of the 17th inst., an-
nounce the entrance of Don PEDRO into Coim-
bra, but we do not vouch for the truth of this
news.

TnuasnAv, JULY 26.—Five per cents., 98f. ; Three
per Cents., 67f. 55c.

The House of Commons meets to-day to re-
ceive the Report of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and to pass the Customs Duties' Bill.

This will shorten the Session one day at least
by expediting the public business. It is ex-
pected that Parliament will be prorogued this
day fortnight, if not earlier.

An eJtimate has been presented to the House
of Commons of the sum required as compensa-
tion to Alderman Sir A. B. KING, for loss of
his office as King's Stationer in Ireland, amount-
ing to 2,5001. We should have thought that
the profits of the office while enjoyed by the
Alderman were sufficient ; but as there was a
patent in the business, he has taken good care
to set up the old cry of " vested rights." As
the pretension had been recognised by the late
Government, the present has no alternative but
to pay the money.

We have read, with much pleasure, in the
last number of the Edinburgh Review, just
published, an article entitled " America and its
Detractors," in which a cordial, and even affec-
tionate spirit, is displayed towards our free
brethren of the New World. The Reviewer
deprecates, in terms of appropriate energy, the
calumnies so eagerly raked up by our English
travellers against America, and insists on the
expediency of a mutual interchange of good
feelings. Why, indeed, should the freemen of the
Old World hold in abhorrence or turn into ridi-
cule the freemen of the New? Is not England the
mother of America ? If the citizens of the
United States be jealous of their privileges,
proud of their nationality—as what great nation
is not ?—famed for enterprise, ambition, and
shrewdness in all the practical concerns of life,
is it not from their connection with England
that they derive these valuable qualifications ?
Why then should the son look unkindly on the
mother, or the mother despise the son of her
own loins ? America deserves the respect of
England, at least as much as England deserves
that of America. Both enjoy free institutions,
both have laboured hard to obtain them,
and both have equal sense to turn them to
a fitting account. We should respect America
precisely for the same reason that we respect our-
selves,—precisely because we are freemen (and
merit our freedom) in the most comprehensive
sense of the term. Let slaves and bigots
go to loggerheads, but let the enlightened and
the independent take every opportunity of reci-
procating good offices.

Another appendix to the famous Frankfort
protocol, was issued by the Diet on the
20th of this month, at Frankfort. Its scope, as
might have been expected, is quite in keeping
with the atrocious edict published in the begin-
ning of the same month. The professed object
of the additional protocol is to repress seditious
meetings and publications, while its real object
is to crush every germ of liberty, in whatever
shape it may appear, whether at a public
meeting, or in a university, or even in private
society. One of the clauses even forbids public
meetings of every description, without the sanc-
tion of the Government has been previously
obtained; and another binds the respective States
of the Confederation mutually to give up per-
sons charged with political offences, who may have
taken refuge in any adjoining country. The
tyranny which these edicts would sanction, could
not be surpassed by any Government in ancient
or modern times. It is absurd to talk of poli-
tical offences—of the licentiousness of the
press—of seditious demagogues,—and insti-
gators of rebellion ; for who are to be
the judges of what is political, seditious, or re-
bellious ?—not the Peers of the accused, as is
the law in every well-regulated community; but
the very persons who charge them with a politi-

cal offence. Reasoning, however, on the sub-
ject is wholly out of the question. The three
Great Powers, supported by the petty Sovereigns
of Germany, have evidently come to an under-
standing on the subject, and have avowedly pro-
claimed to the world, that they will permit not
even the semblance of liberty in any state of
Europe, to the east of France and England. They
began to muster theirarmies after the "Three days
of July ;" and the excitement in England, and the
glorious triumph of the people, have only the
more urged them to consolidate their forces, and
make one determined stand in defence of des-
potism. The battle now is not, as it was in the
late war, between an ambitious conqueror and
the Sovereigns of Germany ; but it is a battle
between freedom and slavery—it is a war of opi-
nion, in which there are ranged on one side
those who would check all moral improvement,
except such as ministers to their luxury or
power ; and on the other, all those who feel that
man has a natural right to be free, that his
Creator has imbued him with faculties for the
regulation of his conduct, and that he is only
lending his aid to the desecration of the " image
of the Divinity" by submitting to be ruled with a
rod of iron, to be curbed and shackled like the
brute creation, and like them led forth to
slaughter each other at the will of an imperious
and unfeeling master. If justice and a love
of freedom have not fled from the earth,
the battle will not be doubtful. The military
forces opposed to the demands of the people are
great in numbers ; but it is not numbers alone
that decide the victory. There is a force in
moral opinion, and in the united wishes of a
people for independence, which no armies can
conquer. All the legions of NAPOLEON were
unavailable against the half-disciplined troops
and half-equipped peasantry of Spain,--
all the military force of EDWARD of Eng-
land could not subdue the spirit of inde-
pendence in the small kingdom of 'Scotland,
—all the power of CHARLES 11. could not
subdue the handful of Covenanters in the West
—and Holland, Switzerland, and America only
furnish similar proofs of the irresistible power
of freedom when opposed even by the most nu
merous and best disciplined troops. It is im
possible to say what the result in this case w

be. Every thing depends on the people
themselves. If the Germans truly appreciate
the fruits of liberty, and act with proportionate
determination, they will be successful without
foreign assistance. If they are not yet ripe for
liberty, assistance could only subject them to
calamities still greater than the sufferings and de-
gradation even of slavery itself. The spirit already
displayed by the assemblies of some of the smaller
states, shows they are determined not to be silenced
by the threats of the Diet ; but unless they are
supported by the people, their protests and appeals
will be of no avail ; and England and France—
now the strongholds of liberty—in place of be-
nefiting Germany by encouraging resistance to
tyranny, would only be adding to its present suf-
fering and degradation.
