:

LITERARY NOTICE.

FOSBROKE'S ENCYCLOP/EDIA of ANTIQUITIES.
Dedicated, by most gracious permission, to HIS MAJESTY.
ENCYCLOPEDIA of ANTIQUITIES, and ELE-
MENTS of ARCHEOLOGY, CLASSICAL and 31 E-
DLEVAL. Being the first work of the kind ever. edited in
England. By the Rev, T. _D. F.osuROKE, M.A. F.A.S.
Author of " British Monachism," ." The History of Glou-
cestershire," &c. &c.

We have frequently noticed with due commen-
dation the progress of this• important work, and
have now, the pleasure of congratulating Mr.
FOSBROKE on the completion of his arduous and
useful labours. The whole forms two handsome
quarto volumes, embellished with- numerous ap.
propriate engravings and vignettes ; among which
the plates illustrative of armour and of costume are
particularly deserving of praise. Prefixed to the
first volume, is a portrait, and an autobiogra-
phy of the author; and we sincerely hope that
the statements respecting his labours, and nume-
rous disappointments, will attract the notice of
some benevolent patron, who may have the means
of rewarding his merits.

The utility of this epitome of Archaeology
speaks for itself. It furnishes Readers of all
kinds with a variety of useful, often curious, in-
formation, scattered through rare and expensive
works ; and so authoritative are their-respective
subjects, that misinformation can only be a con-
sequence of natural human imperfection.
" The work shows, says the Author," to what
an uncommon extent the civilization affected by
the Roman Conquest, has diffused itself over
modern Europe; the inhabitants being on the
main Romans, under a different garb and lan-
guage. Moreover, Archmology is not only a
study of Curiosity and Instruction, but is highly
auxiliary to taste. The Classical part of this
Work has a peculiar bearing in the intention of
the Author, to this important object. He has
brought subjects to a head, which were before
lost in dispersion, for want of distinct works
upon them."
In a former notice of this Work we detailed
at some length, the Contents of the first SEVEN
Ctt PTERS j we shall now enumerate those of
the remaining FOURTEEN, reserving for another
opportunity some amusing extracts, which we
had selected as specimens of the able manner in
which the work is executed.

The subjects treated of in the EICHITII Chap-
ter are Greek, Etruscan, Gaulish, and British
Vases, with an alphabetical List of the Vases of
the classical era. This is followed by disserta-
tions on Gems, Rings, Seals, &c.
The NINTH Chapter contains, in alphabetical
arrangement, ample descriptions of Furniture,
Utensils, and Mechanicals.

The TENTH Chapter embraces Manufactures,
Trades, Inventions, useful A rts, Ornaments,
Avocations, Offices, &c.; acrd closes the first
Volume.

The Second Volume opens with the ELEVENTH
Chapter, which describes Barrows, Camps,
Earthquakes, Roads, Rude Stone-works, &c. &c.
On these subjects, the Author frequently has to
notice with just commendation Sir It. C. Hoare's
splendid Volume on Antient Wiltshire.
The TwELrrn Chapter treats of the Manners
and Customs of Private Life among the Laity of
all Nations. This Chapter contains a vast quan-
tity of curious matter connected with our Na-
tional Antiquities.

But the THIRTEENTH Chapter will perbaps be
found productive of more amusement to the gene-
ral Reader than any other portion of the
Work. It embraces Festivals at particular Sea-
sons, arranged under each Month ; Theatricals,
Jugglers, Tumblers,_ Rope Dancers ; Games of
Skill and Chance ; Gymnasticks ; Field Sports;
ltustick Sports ; Children's Sports; Dancing ;
and Musicals.

Distributions of rank and honour, and heral-
dick matters, as arms, badges, cognizances, &c.
form the subject of the FOURTEENTH CHAPTER.
In the FIFTEENTH Chapter the author notices.
Druidical and other Heathen Super-titions ; in-
including lucky and unlucky days, &c. Also,
obsolete ecclesiastical matters, with accounts of
hierarchal officers, now obsolete ;--Anchorets,
II emits, Monks, Nuns, Pilgrims, Continentes,&c.
On these subjects, it is evident, that the author
is quite uu fait, as might indeed have been in-
ferred from the popularity of his well-known
and much-approved work on " British Mona-
chism ;" Liturgical Matters and Solemnities ; and
Fasts, Festivals, and certain peculiar religious
Rites, conclude this Chapter.
In the SIXTEENTH Chapter, treating of Mili-
tary Antiquities, Mr. Fosbroke strongly recom-
mends " Dr. Meyrick's superb and learned work
on Armour." This Chapter seems somewhat out
of place, which was occasioned by the publication
of Dr. Meyrick's work having imposed on the
Author the necessity of remodelling his materials.
In the SEVENTEENTH Chapter are classed, in
separate alphabetical lists, accounts, as connected
with Archaeology, of quadrupeds, birds, reptiles,
fish, insects, vegetables, and marbles.
The EIGHTEENTH Chapter appears to have
been compiled with great care. It treats of arms
and armour of all periods. Every page of it
bears ample proof of the importance of Dr. Mey-
rick's labours on those subjects; and must neces-
sarily excite public attention with regard to his
splendid volumes ; but as they are unavoidably
very expensive, we think Mr. Fosbroke has per-
formed a meritorious service in giving to the
Public so well compressed a synopsis of Dr.
Meyrick's work.
The NINETEENTH Chapter comprehends sub-
jects similar to the preceding—Military Engines,
Projectile Machines, and Fire Arms, here pass
in review.

The TIY EN TI ET 11C b p ter embraces the costumes

PRICE SEVENPENCE

of ail nations, commencing with the, Egyptian,
Asiatic, Grecian, and Roman, and descending to
the Anglo-Saxon, Danish, Norman, and English,
as late as the end of the 17th century. Some
general Remarks for ascertaining the Eras of
Figures in the Middle Ages are concise and use-
ful. These are followed by descriptions of va-
rious articles of dress, alphabetically arranged.
ThP 'TWENTY-Fl ST Chapter enters on the sub-
ject of Numismaticks.

Some interesting ADDITIONS and EMENDATIONS
are then given ; and the whole Work is conclud-
ed by,a very ample Index.
Such is a brief outline of the contents of this
elaborate undertaking. But the whole Work
should be considered as a grand panorama, and
not a collection of landscapes Or details. We
again congratulate the learned Author on thus-
fulfilling his engagementsvritbhis subscribers; by
presenting to them and to the Public in general,.
highly-useful and standard Work on sub-
jects which have never before been so success-
fully embodied.

BAHIA.

( From t7e Liverpool Courier, Oat. 5.)

The-following is an extract of a letter received
• yesterday.from, Bahia :
" BAHIA, OCT. 25.—The Correa arrived here yesterday
(Sunday) from Rio de Janeiro, bearing an order from the
Emperor for the dismissal and arrest of a Colonel of one of the
troops belonging to this province ; and further, to have him
conveyed to Rio, to answer any charges they might have against
him. When this was made known to the individual, it caused,

as might be expected, a good deal of angry feeling on the part
of the soldiers he commanded; the consequence was, a party
of them immediately proceeded to the residence of the General
at Arms (Feliz Berto domes), who, they had got it into their
heads, was the can se of their commander's di sgrace,an d demanded
an audience of him. After he had dressed himself (for it was
now only six o'clock, and he only having retired at four to rest,
having had a party of friends at his house that evening) he made
his appearance, and requeSted to know their errand ; this they
stated to be their determination, that their Colonel should be di..
rectly reinstated in his command. This, of course, the General
informed them, was out of his power, being in possession of
the Emperor's orders for his dismissal; but, as far as he was
in authority, he would use it in the behalf of the individual.
This proceeding of theirs, it is supposed, was only a pre-
text, a kind of a colouring for the violence which followed,
and that they had some more weighty object in view. Upon
receiving his answer, they began to show some spirit of re-
venge, and a. few shots were fired into the house. They next
proceeded to demand his surrender as a prisoner to their party,
which, he said, he was willing to comply with ; but being now
rather alarmed, he requested an assurance his life should be in •
no danger. This they seemed readily to grant ; and he was
proceeding down stairs to surrender himself, when some
dozen shots were fired at him, and the poor General fell co-
vered with wounds, and this, too, by the very individuals who'
had been loud in their acclamations, a short time ago, that he
should. be raised to the dignity he held! The fellows have
got possession of a strong hold, the fort St. Pedro, where they
are now assembled with a fixed determination to support their
cause. The other, or Emperor's party, are likewise under arms,
anti arc only waiting the determination of the council of war
how to act, when there is every probability of a battle royal, as
each party, in point of numbers, arc said to be equally strong.
In the mean time, daring outrages have been committed in the
streets by the troops. Not above twenty yards from our office,
at mid-day, we heard the report of a musket, when, very shortly
after, we learned there was a man lay dead in the street, having
been shot by one of the soldiers; one more that we have heard
of has since shared the same fate. How this will end, God
knows. Nobody to be seen in the streets but these lawless fel-
lows prowling about : all the shops are closed, and business of
every sort at a stand:"

27.—Nothing decisive has yet transpired ; both par-
ties are still under arms, and the outrages are still carried on.
—Yesterday morning we saw them carrying a poor fellow dead
past our office who had just been stabbed by a party of soldiers ;
and., during the night, we hear. a serjeant of the Mina troops
was assassinated ; in revenge, the Minas laid hold of one of the
other party, whom they immediately consigned to the same
fate.—Business still at a stand ; shops all closed."

COMMON LAW.—The appellation of Common
Law originated with Edward the Confessor.
The Saxons, though divided into many kingdoms,
were yet similar in their manners, languages, and
laws. The slight differences which existed be-
tween the Meruan law, the West Saxon law, and
the Danish law, were removed by Edward with
great facility, and without any dissatisfaction.
He made this alteration famous rather try a new
name than by new matter; for abolishing the
three above mentioned distinctions, he called it
the Common Law of England, and ordained that
no part of the kingdom should be governed by
any particular law, but all by one. The Com-
mon Law as contradistinguished from Statute
Law, consists of those rules and maxims concern-
ing the persons and property of men, that have
obtained by the tacit assent and usage of the in-
habitants of the country ; the consent and ap-
probation of the people being signified by their
immemorial use and practice.

DUEL.—A meeting took place on Tuesday on
Ascot Heath Race Course, between a Mr.
MICKLEWHIT and Lieutenant YEARNS, now or
late of the 33d regiment, in consequence of a
quarrel at a hunt meeting at Bagshot on the pre-
ceding day. The altercation produced an ex-
change of blows at the time, when this meeting
was appointed. In the first fire Mr. YEARNS was
wounded in the fleshy part of the arm, which was
bound up, and he was conveyed to Sunning Bill,
weak from loss of blood, but it is said there is no
danger.

LUXURY OF THE AGE.-The Hamburgh Cor-
respondenten of the 18th ult. says—" One of the
of business,
aton Viennaaccotm Itut sofan
the
el 4 a extraordinarynce wriut run
which it is fitted up. The lamps are all of solid
silver, as are also the decorations about the bil-
liard tables, the stretchers used for filing the
Newspapers, &c. &c."
On Monday morning, at ten o'clock, the re-
ecbdroetsicsllonttllieeeycfeoodul Ilotiotwrtyihn
re-
mains of the late Lord EARDLEY were removed
from his Lordship's residence, No. 10, Marine
getofamil
Parade, Brighton, on its route to Belvidere,
The procession arrived at about four o'clock at
morn-
ing, when it proceeded to Riegate, and on Wed-
Craw le
Bel-
videre, where the body was to lie in state till
Crawley,
from,w,v where
eet hrneeinittc:rveisiati
vault at Erith,

SPANISH AND ITALIAN REFUGEES•

Yesterday a Meeting of the Inhabitants of the
Ward of Bishopsgate took place at the School-
house, in consequence of the following requi-
sition, which was signed by a great number of
the Inhabitants :

To Sir Richard 1% Glyn, Bart., Alderman of the Ward of
Bishopsgate, or his Deputies.
" Sir—We, the undersigned inhabitants of the above Ward,
request you will convence a meeting of the Ward on an early
day, to take into consideration !be propriety of making a col-
lection throughout the IVerd, in aid of the fund now rais-
icg to relieve the distressed Spanish and Italian Refugees in
this country."
Mr. Deputy GREENAWAY, in consequence of the absence
of Sir R. C. Glyn, who was obliged to attend his public duties
at Guildhall, took the chair at a little after 12 o'clock. The
notice sent round to the inhabitants stated the hour of meeting,
but there were but few even of those who signed the requisi-
tion present at the appointed time, in consequence, it is sup-
posed, of the general impression that the business would not
commence until one o'clock.

Mr. Deputy GREENAWAY, in taking the chair, said, it was
with feelings of the highest gratification he presided in the ab-
sence of the Alderman, on an occasion which had so powerful
a claim upon the humanity of the people of England. He was
proud that the inhabitants of Bishopsgate Ward had always
testified the strongest desire to interpose the hand of charity
whenever misery made•its appearance. Perhaps the condition
if the unfortunate men whose sufferings they were called to-
gether to pity and alleviate, was one of the most powerful ar-
guments that had ever been used in an appeal to the benevo-
lence of a free and enligtened people.—(Applause.)—The
Ward of Bishopsgate had, in the persons of some of its inabi-
tants, already sent a contribution, which was added to the
fund; and he regretted that the example had not been follow-
ed by any other Ward in the' city. He, however, relied upon
the power of the obligation to assist the unfortunate claimants
for an accomplishment of the object. Political dissention could
have no refuge in the consideration of the question. All party
feeling was merged in the great reality that those who now ap-
pealed were destitue and friendless, except in their hopes from
the people of this country.—(Applause.)—Helamented to see
that the meeting was so thinly attended, but he could not at-
tribute that circumstance to any falling off of the spirit which
so rapidly and vigorously prevaded all ranks of the people.
Some gentlemen here spoke of the propriety of an adjourn-
ment, in consequence of the absence of most of the requisi-
tionists.

Mr. WHITE was of opinion.. that many might have stayed
away upon the presumption that as the emergency was great
and notorious, there would be no occasion for leaving private
business to give a sanction which had already been sufficiently
testified by the voice of the public. He had, he said, a resolu-
tion to propose to the meeting. To that resolution the Lord
Mayor had objected at the wardmote on St. Thomas's day, as
his Lordship thought the subject a deviation from the regular
course of proceeding. He now thought he might submit the
resolution, which he was sure could not be objected to on any
tenable grounds ; for no one could doubt that the unfortunate
refugees had been the victims of the most detestable persecu-
tion, and that their claims were heightened by the fact that
they were thrown into their present condition on account of the
noble efforts they made for theredemption of their country from
slavery.
It was here suggested that the resolution, as there were some
inhabitants of the Ward who might object to it, would be
more properly postponed. This led to a conversation upon the
subject of adjournment, which gave rise to a very interesting
discussion.

Mr. KING declared that he had learned-from gentlemen who
had been a considerable time in Spain, that the Refugees, whom
the Ward was called upon to assist, were men of the most exalt-
ed characters. Independently of the claim which misfortune
had, taken abstractedly, upon those who were prosperous, it
surely became a duty to save from--want men who had distin-
guished themselves in the cause of liberty.
Mr. CoRDELL thought the meeting ought not to he post-
poned. He hoped that, notwithstanding the apparent apathy
which prevailed, a full effect would be given to the object
of it, and that a general and vigorous excitement would be I
given to the public feeling throughout the metropolis ; for
if the public feeling were permitted to sleep, nothing
could awake it . to its former energy and direction. Meet-
ings would, he trusted, be held not only in every ward in
the city, but in every parish in every part of the country, for
the service of individuals,- who were known to the -world to
have suffered as patriots in their opposition to the most gall-
ing and odious despotism and oppression at which human nature
had every occasion to shudder. He was satisfied at the manner
in which the cause of the sufferers had been introduced. It had
been brought forward upon the principle of humanity alone;
but he did not think that an allusion to the former great con-
dition and glorious but unfortunate enterprize of the refugees
would have diminished the interest which their calamities ex-
cited. had they been the victims of the constitutional party,
and not of the oppressors--had they been the supporters of the
iron sceptre of Ferdinand, and not the defenders of the liberties
of their country, and thrown themselves upon the mercy of our
Succour, they would not have been disappointed.—(Applause.)
They would have found that the vice of their cause would not
have checked the impulse of humanity. Why, then, should
the acknowledged virtue of their endeavours be an impediment
to the success of the efforts in their behalf? When the names
of Mr. Canning, Mr. Peel, Mr. S. Wortley, and others, of
whose tenets the world was informed, appeared mixed up in the
subscription with the names of men with whom they were in
eternal political conflict, it was evident that a sympathy with
the cause of their misfortune could not operate to its neglect or
aggravation. It would, it must prove an additional motive for
.the greater exercise of charity.
Mr. KING said, that every one of the refugees was prevented
by the purity of his principles from returning to his native
country, so long as it remained oppressed by men•whosc autho-
rity was either openly aided or tacitly avowed.
Mr. NORTH was of opinion that the Ward could not be
pledged to any act of the present meeting, which so few of the
"inhabitants attended. If they were to proceed to business, and
vote for a subscription, they must determine to call on each in-
habitant for his contribution. The thing would, he thought,
look like i political getting up, and would not be likely to be
Tel sh ed.

Sir U. r.Lrax Rawr,rs.s thought there was an apathy
amongst the inhabitants upon the subject, and he did not be-
.liave that apathy would be removed by the project of going
übout from house to house for contributions. Humanity had
,its opportunities, as there were many places in the city where:
subscriptions could he received for the Refugees.
" Mr. WHITE said, it was necessary to give a stimulus to the
-subscription now going forward, as it was the nature of all
...things of the kind to flag without some prompt excitement. All
that had been argued upon as an impediment to the cause he
considered as an advantage. So long as the want existed, and
_persecution was known to be the cause of that want, it would
. not be useless to appeal to the people of this country, either
collectively or individually. He would not objectto the adjourn-
ment of the question.
The question was then postponed upon the understanding that
it is speedily to be brought forward again.
Mr. WHITE then called the attention of the Meeting to a
. subject in some measure connected with the former. It would,
. he said, be recollected, _that a Meetin., had been held in that
spirited Ward for a subscription for the widow of the unfortu-
nate murdered Riego, at which 50 guineas had been collected.
He was one of those who presented the contributions to the un-
happy widow, who was then pining, and whose death was no
doubt caused by the melancholy fall of her husband. He
felt strongly the necessity of doing at that time what there was
a hundred times greater necessity for doing now. It was his
duty to read a letter which he received from the Canon Riego,
containing an extract from the will of his diseased sister-in-law.
_The words expressed her high sense of the support and kind-
-ness she had met with in this country, into which .she was
thrown by the political tempests which convulsed her own ;
and manifested her anxiety, in her departing moments, to
her gratitude to those citizens who had so benevolently
succoured her in her destitute state. He then read an extract
of the letter.
Mr. CORDELL said, •it was with great difficulty a Meeting
was got upon the subject just alluded to, but there was none in
getting the subscription. It would be just the case with the
question relative to the Refugees.
After thanks were voted to the Deputies of the Ward, the
Meeting broke VP-

THE WEATIISR.—It is stated, on the authority
of a Gentleman in Boston, who regularly keeps
a meteorological table, that the weather on
Christmas-day was not so cold by two degrees as
it was on the 23d of June last.
• Formerly it was a maxim, that a young woman
should never be. married till she had spun
a set of body, table, herself
and bed linen. From this
. custom all unmarried women were termed spin-
sters, an appellation they still retain in all deeds
...aud law proceedings.

A METAMORPHOSIS.

A strange story respecting the conduct of the
Governor of one of our colonies is in circulation. It has been
mentioned by the individual employed principally in the trans-
action, to the amusement of his friends. A Captain of a ship,
which constantly trades to the colony, was authorized to purchase
a pack of fox hounds in England, for the use of the Governor.
He made the purchase, but, upon reaching his destination, and
calling at the house of the Governor, which was on the coast,
at some distance from the town, he was informed by him that,
unforturately, the hounds were of no use to him, as he had
made up a pack in the colony. " But," said he, " stay, I
mustn't lose them. Let me see-1 have keep the pack
you have brought over, and I'll send my old hounds to
market."—" flow can that serve you ?" said the Captain.
" Your hounds must .be well known in the country, and
every one can see that they are not English." " AY,"
said the Governor,- " but I can make them English."—
Make them English !" cried the Captain in astonishment,
by what sort of, preparation ?" " I'll.show you that," re-
plied the other.; and immediately got a quantity of yellow
oker and other paint, and daubed the dogs in such a manner that
their mothers would not have known them. He then put them
, on board the Captain's vessel, unshipped the new pack, and
ordered the ship up to the town to unload her cargo. As
soon as the vessel was discharging, a report was sent throughthe town that a fine pack of English fox-hounds was just
.arrived. The Governor heard the report as well as the rest of
the inhabitants, and was present when the dogs were put up
to auction. He admired the pack vastly, and was so anxious
to have them, notwithstanding his own old supply, that he
could not help bidding for them, whest he saw that such
beautiful English hounds were likely to go oft' at three or four
guineas each. The liberal part he-took upon the occasion soon
