TilL' ARMY.

tOURT4,I:III.TIAL hlarch €6; 1819.
At a Getier.ll Cola t jai, lithl at Plymouth
1)ocls, Ou the .10th I."ehluary, 1819, and cowl.:
Hurd by adiouromeuts to the 16(h ( t the s,inte
mouth, captain RALPH SM YTH, 01 the 7,11 Dra-
gooli Guards, v%as arrAigned upon the uodertneu
(toned charges, viz.:— _ . _

. _
lst, " Fur sendimt to Lieutenant-Colonel Dunne, corn-
manding- the 71ii OraLtoon boards, on the 17th May, taal7, a
false and unfounded seal entent, or report, respecting the con-
duct and behaviour of a party of dragoon.; of the said regi-
went, art the 15th YAily, isii, at the Fair it Gicit, in the
County of Tipperary ; which said party had been detache,„l
and sent to the Fair of Glen, tinder the coinnianl of Lieu"-
tenant Robb, at the instance, and cal the °application, of
Richard O'Donnell, Esq. a Magisit ate of that County;
false statenteot, or report, being highly injurious to the cha-
racter of the said Richard O'Donnell, and of the Officer and
soldiers, beloi.gidg to the said party."
2d, " For relusin4 all explanation as to the affair at the
Fair of en, notwithstanding the same was required on the
part of Mr. O'Donnell. and afterwards, on the 10th of June,
Isl 7, going- in the house of Mr. O'Donnell, at Stradballa,
with a pistol and a horsewhip, alfd in a eidlent and outra-
geous manner searching for Mr.O'Doiniell, and using threats
and insulting I:stn.:nage towards him in his absence, to the
terror of Iris family; all such conduct being higaly, unbe-
coming the character of an Officer and a Gentleman, and to
the pi ejudi-ce of Kol: order and military discipline."
Upon winch Charges the Court CiLUIC to the followirig
cision

" After a due and attentive consideration of the evidence
produced against the prisoner, with what he has offered iit
his defence, tie Court are of opinion, that the prisoner, Cap-
tain Ralph Smyth, of the 7th Dragoon Guards, is tot Guilin
or the First. Chari;e, in as as the report made by
hi:n to
the Crionnantling Officer of his regiment. was neither tal3e
nor unfounded, and they do thereture -most fully a,,,1 kunwir-
ably-Acquit him of the same."
" The Court are unwilling to animadvert on the evidence
of Lieutenant Robb, as its nature, 011 perusal of the Mi-
nutes, will be sufficiently apparent ; but they cannot help
emai king, that the whole of these embarrassing circum-
stances have originated in his nomihtary proceeding , ill put-
ting. Mr. O'Donnell in posse,sinn of Captain Smyth's Official
Report to his Commanding Officer."
" With regard tO the Second Charge, the Court are of opi-
nion, that the Prisoner, Captain Ralph Smyth, is IRA Guilty,
and they do therefore most fully and honourably Acquit hint
of the same."

" The Court conceive it incumbent on theta to enter more
ful:y into the reasons on which this, their opinion, is
grunneled, than they otherwise would have done, for the pur-
pose of endeavouring to extricate both the Prisoner and the
Corps from the embarrassing situation in which they have
been so long placed; in doing winch they feel anxious to con-
fine themselves as much as possible (in as far as relates to
Mr. O'Donnell) to such ohservations as will tend to place
their view of the subject in a clear and distinct light."
" In consequence of the non-attendance of ail the Wit-
nesses expected from Ireland, the Court have been obligiA
to rester to a variety of Papers lard before thew, arid having
selected such as bore more immediately on the case as exhi-
bited in the Charges, and the said .Documents having teems
authenticated by ikurli Parties, the Prisoner as wen as the
Prosecutor, they on a deliberate and careful consideratioa of
the sante, are of opinion, that the Report made by Captain
Ralph Smyth to the Comioandiog Officer of his Regiment
was absolutely required it; the execution of his duty as Cap-
tain of r detached troop;—that the said Report `was solely
Military, and did not contain the shadow of a rillectitis on
the character of the Magistrate, Mr. O'Donireil under
that impression the Prisoner seas must fully ire re-
fusing to resort to the ext,:ille measure proposed by Mr.
Hayes on the part of Mr. O'Donneir , r• s•ibsequelic
conduct of Mr. O'Donnell was most violent and unprosoleed,
and was evidently intended to force Captairr ..sarytti to a com-
pliance with the: proposed Dnel."
" The Court cannot but remark on the selfish line of con-
duct adopted be Mr. O'Donnell, who, first challeng nig Cap-
tain Smyth without the slightest provocation, err ills r. fusal
to accept the challenge, addressed to him the most intempe-
rate and abusive language, and having thus placed Captain
Smyth in a most embarrassing situation with respect to his
Brother Officers, by a coilvenient subterfuge deelineet afford-
ing him on opportunity of extricating himself from it, and
tensed for real injuries and insults offered, that satisfaction
which he had himself demanded for a supposed arid noa-
gi nary grievance."
" That Captain Smyth was Guilty of error, the Court wilt
not deny, but they think that error consisted it) not imme-
diately reporting to his Commanding Officer the message're-
Cel% from Mr. O'Donnell, and caning Inn him for his sup-
port, when an Official Report made by Inns iii the course of
his ditty, as Captain of the Regiment, was attempted to be
made the grounds of a private quarrel."
" The Court, therefore, after a dispassionate review of the
ease submitted to their investigation, can see no reason why
Captain Smyth should nut return to his duty in the 7111 Dra-
goon Guards, restored tothe esteem and regArd of his brother
Officers."
His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, in the name and
on the behalf of his Majesty, has he e» pleased io approve
and coildren the Finding and Sentence of the Coast.
'lire very proper and satisfactory manner in which the Court
have expressed their sentiments on this subject, tendets it in-
cumbent upon tile Gllicers of the Regiment to dismiss from
their minds the impressions to the prejudice of Captain.
Soryth's honour and character, which they appear S have
inilribed Irons the violent and unwarrantable cernduet and
unfounded accusations observed and expressed towards In aiiJ
The Prince Regent considers the conduct of Lieutenant
Robb, in having oryinated this unpleasant transaction, by
his unnecessary and mischievaus communication to Mr.
O'Donnell of Captain Smyth's report, to be highly repre-
hensible and deserving of censure ; and his Royal filgliness
therefore desires, that Lieutenant Robb tray be severe'y re-
primandial in the presence of the Officers of lire 7th Diagram
Guards, and admonished to be more circumspect in his future
conduct. _ _

The Commander-in-Chief directs, that the foregoing'
Charges preferred against Captain Ralph Smyth of the 7tl.
Dragoon Guards, tugether with the Finding and sentence cf
the Court, and the Prince tlegent's Commands thereon. snail
be entered in the General Order Baoh, and read at the head
of every itcgiment in leis Nlajesty's Service.
By, command of his Royal Highness
the Commander-in-Chief,
HARRY CALVERT, Adj.-Gen.

NEXT SATURDAY.—T. i3ist-c respectfully re•
minds his best Friends, the Public, that the State
Lottery finishes Next Satorday, on which day
Three Prizes of ~e2O 000,
Three Prizes of
.4422,000,
Three Prizes of th? 1,000,
And 2:i other Capitals,
Must all be drawn.—lirsH's Offices (as usual) hare
been in the present Lottery more fortunate than
tho,,e of any other Orlice-keeper, as he sold Three
Out of the few Capitals drawn Fitst Day, and
hopes Next Saturday to be again pre-eminent fur
good fortune.—Undrawn Tickets and Sharez are
at his Offices, 4. Cornhill, and 9, Charing-
Cross ; and by his Agentssin the Country.

YesterttAy a Court of Directors was held at the
East India House, When the folicviog Com-
manders took leave of. tile Cour; precious to de.
psrting_for their respective destinations. viz. :•••••
MADRAS AND BENGAL.—Captain J. Matashard, Carnatic ;
Captzon W. Manning, Thomas (3renvitle.
ST. HELCNA AND CHINA.--Captain C. S. Timens, Bridge-
water ; C'aprain G. Itichardson, Marquess of Ely; Captain
R. Locke, Larkins.
DlRECT.—Captain A. Lindsay, Ketlic Castle; Cap-
taio W-Youngliusi,aod, Lord Castlereagh ; Captain J. P.
i'itstri, Cornwall; Capt..in G Tennant, Apollo; Captain
W. Hamilton, Matilda. _ _ _

A reduction is ordered io the Stiff of the Mi.
lizia, by disbmding, in, each corps, tour set irdnts,
tour corporal, and the Sitlllenumbvr ut dru!nnitrs.

Sr JOHN CARDEN has withdrawn from the con•
test for the County of Tipper4ry. Ev...•ry thinz at
present scents to labour Mr. PRITTIK's -preten.
sions to the representation of that Collin y.
The poor of Dover ate now employed. by the
parish`offieers, in pulverising oyster-sheils, rs
=owe for the us: of gardeners and awiculttnista.

FOR VIE SUN.

" Awake, arise, or be for ever fallen!"—MlT,ToN.

IV R. EDITOR—D:iy afrer,day has passed, rill a

whole month has now elApsed since the intlepen-

Oput Protrstant itihibitants of die County of

. Furnianagh anHoimously and solemnly called upon
their fellow Protest Anti throughout the Empi-re
to come forward and proclaim tjteir determination
t.o. uphold and defend their invaluable Constitu-
tion againq the advances and the hostile claims
of the Roman Catholic s. " The Roman Catho-

" lie C),lestion,".saythey in their 6th resolution,

is not a_ focal ine3sure,
.but an imperial and a
" consti.tutional concern and we are therefore
" warranted in calling on out. fellow-subjects, the
" ProteStants of Great Britain,
_by addresses to
" Parliament, a{;cl instructions to' tbeir Repre-

sentatives, to sllpport our cause, Inasmuch as
" that cause is Substantially their own." . Truly,
indeed, the momentous - question is of the

most vitally " constitutional concern,"—it in-
volves the peace, the independence, the glory,
and the religion of the -whole United Kingdom.
Yet, where are the gratifying accounts which
should long ago have poured in upon us, an-
nouncine, that throughout this favoured Empire—
in every county and city—nay, that in every pa-

Lis!, petitions were in progress to testify respect-
fully to the assernbled"Legislature, that the-senti-
ments of this great Protestant people are opposed
to the Catholic Demands, and to the opinions of

their suborned, 'Lek misguided, or too credulous-
advocatei, the recreaot nominal Rotunda Prote97

tants in Dublin.

HitliertO, alas ! a too general

inactivity prevails. But can the people of England
contii►ue_ .to regard with so great indifference the
Tneditateirchange in that ConititutiOn which a►

esent secures to them all the privileges they
enjoy,' and for the establishment of which their
A►►cestors' best blood was shed ? Can they rest in

.
illaglned security upon the assuranbes, and the
wilful mistatements of the power-aspiring Catho-
lics, without thinking .for themselves, and exa-
mining the real ground on which is demanded an
entire surrender of all th'e bulwarks which were

framed for -the defence and safety of. this Pro,
teitaat realm ? without one hour's impartial in-
quiry after the rent grievances and oppressions-7
the actual injuries and substantial persecutions---
the great intolerance the Roman Catholics suffer
antler? Will they not, (or one instant, take a
retrospective glance at the inglorious vassalage
and wretchedness of their country in times of Po-
pish political ascendancy (and I might add, the
slavery which at this- day exists where Popery
linfds temporal power) and contrast it with the
glorious eminence and freedom this greet Empire
Las ever enjoyed beneath the mild and generous
sway of a Protestant sceptre ?
0 my Countrymen ! how long will your feel-
Ines hp hptrayed, and your mind. he e' fatally
Prejudiced hy the affected outcry of distress and
persecution raised against the great bulwarks of
your liberties by our Wily foes ? Let a 110 s-taken
liberality no longer urge you on that course which
would spread desolation dyer your now flourish-
ing country--divide nor the kingdoM against it-
self—be not so fatally deceived into a support of
the-attack upon the citadel of your best and
dearest rights, under the pretext of rearing a
temple of u3animily upon its ruins.
Look at the present' state and disposition of
Popery—look at the condition of Ireland at this
'very moment, and say if from your hearts you
think that- unanimity conld ever prevail between
Protestants and lotnan CathOlies,—that the ba-
lance of power could long remain unagitated it
the present demands be conceded—or that the
equilibrium-of the opponent powers, which would
result from Catholic Emancipation withdrawing
the security 6f a. Protestant Ascendancy, would
not give way (by bringing .a foreign hostile power
into the scale) to a preponderance on the side of
Popery, and, as a consequence, create a struggle
most melancholy in its consetptences, between the
opposite parties, till the downfall of one has again
established thesascendancy of the other.,
Cow_emplate, I entreat you, the unchanged
priiicipes, and .the constant practice of the Ro-
mail Catholics, when possessed of power; com-
pare their unrepealed and intolerant laws with the
happy system under which we live, and say, if
ct,useientiously 'ye can, that its constitutions de-
servedly are stigmatized by our " political ene-
mies" as " torinerly-persecutinira originally
but now unprofitably infamous*." Are our Bri-
tish hearts so deadened to a sense of,insulta ae
to oveelaok the many offered to our well-;tied'
Constitution I—Are our British feelings so dege-
nerare as not unanimously to deny with honest in-
tiig,nation the false assertion that Protestant Ei)g.
6114 is " thoroughly persuaded by experience of ihe
falsehood mod fallacy of the charges urged against
Carbolic Emancipation !" and that- their "
lay to the Catholic Claims has no truer elitist/161i,
a spirit of rancour to the sister counts !"
Shall we be misled by this daring appeal to the

historic page ? We know that page, perused and
51!idied, would annihildte the nn-"just hopes" of
future victory over their " pottical enemies," en-
tertained by the Rowan Catholics.
Let its be neither awed by the menaces, or de-
ceived by the simulations,of our restless adversa-
INe know that those who have dared to pre-

sett the otscites as advocittes for the preservation
Of their hel,-;.e,ti country frtim•the horrors of evil
di,r„rd, for the defence of the beataifhl shrt-

thcir taillt (as delivered to the saints of

1111Ctitsminated by the gross novelties cat the
preNent Homan Church), 'have been branded by
the professors pt liberality and unanimity, at the
late irkb leetiog to petition for the coneeSson
of the Catholic Claims, as an ignorant and pirjo-

411 These expressions ate to lie found in the Pr ,olutiors.
ntor,d (4;1 I t 2:td ult. (Fritra4ry), it a Ni eting of thr Ronoin
4,:;ithohrs of I'i tom- ollicr
The hpitrlatio.4lii WiluWlll6 is liie obittlle litAUlUtiVll.

diced faction,.as bgots, intolerants, incendiaries,
and by other equally opprobt ions terms but in-
stead of silencing. this shot►ld rattier stimulate us
to the performanCe of the .duty We owe to our
country and aursel►es, as Protestants in heart and
deed,T 0 Come forward instantly, firmly and ima-
nimously, and 'declare our conviction, "that the
entire conces'sion of political power now demand.
ed by thc. Roman Catholics 0' odd not only be
.a
depot; toe from tie principles of the 'Revolution,
to the dudangefit.;z of Protestant security, but the
sure precursor of consequences the most fatal-7-
the most Arremediable.

limn!) the loyal columns of TUE SUN the
TOCSIN has been sounded ; I would its solemn
wat ning should re-echo throughout the•Empir!...
-Pi:oTasTANTs! reflect upon the call la Itide on
you from the sister country, and attend it. Rest
assured, that " when our security as Protestants
is One,- then wit the Empire he dismembered,
aMI the Pt oteftant pstablishm,nt be at an end.",
Protestantism or Popery is the question before
You. The latter has ever been the inveterate foe
of the former, 'and has ever laboured for its ex-
tinction; the latter, possessing political power,
has ever been intolerant towards—has oppressed,
persecuted, and disagreed with the former ; the
latter once held this land (as others at the pre-
sent .day) in the most disgracetul slavery and
darkness ; the former burst those galling bonds,
and restored its 'to the light of Religiiin and of
; tthe latter is the apoi,tacy of Antichrist—
the triumph of Satan over fallen Man; the former
the religion of the meek and lowly Jesus. For
Protestantism to retain its ascendancy in toe same
country where Popery is invested with political
power;,;or for •both these discordant systems to
subsist in unanimity and eqoilibrio,- is 'perfectly.
impossible. Lastly. my countrymen, remember
that the principles of the Roman Catholics are
avowedly unchanged, and that " no man can serve
two masters, he will either hate the one and love
the other, or else he will bold to the one and
despise the other." They cannot serve Christ and
Antichrist ; they cannot• be good subjects of a
Protestant Monarch, and faithful adherents to the
Roman Catholic Friil).• I call heaven and earth
to record this day against- you, that good and, evil
are set before you. Ctioose, therefore, the good:
that both you: arid :yOur • posterity' may see this
land preserved, a land of-light and liberty.

ALBERT.
