HUNTING INTELLIGENCE.

MEETINGS OF HOUNDS IN THE ENSUING WEEK.
The Quorndon Hounds, on Monday, at Easton Park Wood
Tuesday, at Rolleston ; Wednesday, at :Widrnerpool ; Thurs-
day, at Wistow ; Friday, at Garrendon Park ; and on Satur-
day, at Prestwold.

Mr. MeynelPs Hounds, on Monday, at Hartshorne Village ;
Thursday, at Shirley Park ; and on Saturday, at Black Slough.
The Cottesmore Hounds, on Monday, at Owston Wood;
Wednesday, at Castle Bytham ; and on Friday, at Burley.
The Earl of Harewood's Fox Hounds, on Monday, at Pape-
Mill Bar ; Wednesday, at Pool ; and on Friday, at Spot.-
forth.

The Gransden Hounds, on Monday, at Potton Wood ;
and on Friday, at Longstaaton.
The Warwickshire Fox Hounds, on Monday, at Ufton
Wood ; Tuesday, at Wolford House ; Thursday, at Farnbo-
rough House ; and on Saturday, at Alveston Pastures.

On Monday a Vestry Meeting was field at All
Saints' Church, to consider the propriety of providing further
accommodation for those parishioners, who cannot, at pre-
sent, be accommodated with pews. The business was opened
by the Reverend T. Mears, who stated, that above two hun-
dred families in All Saints' parish, are at present without
accommodation. The Iteverend Gentleman then proposed as
a Resolution —" That it is expedient to erect a church, or
chapel of ease;" accompanying the proposition by an assu-
rance, that no addition to the parochial burdens was conteni!
plated, but the erection of a building by voluntary subscrip-
tion, aided by such grants as may be procurable, either from
the fund voted by Parliament to encourage the building of
churches, or from the society in London for the same purpose.
After this resolution had passed in the affirmative, a letter,
was read from the Rev. F. North, rector of St. Mary's, stating,
that since accommodation was needed by the inhabitants of the.
latter parish, as well as by those of All Saints,' if the inhabitants
of Southampton generally would agree to unite in building a pub-
lic church, Mr. North would contribute 500/. to the object, and
would pay an annual stipend of2o/. to a curate, provided the nomi-
nation of such curate be in himsef ; or in case of such nomination's
not being vested in himself, a subscription of 200/. without
any annual stipend. After a good deal of discussion, it was
thought advisable, considering the rapid increase of All
Saints' parish, to confine the project of building a church, to
that parish alone, and a resolution - was adop:ed accordingly,
and a committee (consisting-: of -some of the principal inha-
bitants of the parish) appointed to take such measures as
may tend to carry the resolutions into effect. The meeting
was very thinly attended, and conducted in such a conversa-
tional style as to render ally other, report than . a mere state-
ment of the result almost impossible. John ilerninin(,6, Esq-
M. P. was present : he expressed himself very friendlydly tv
the measure of erecting a public church, fot the town at large.
The Rev. S. Kent, Dr. Liodoe; '3lr. Barney,llllr. Keele, Mr.
Bullar, and Mr. Roe, were the principal speakers. The Com-
mittee held their first meeting on Wednesday, at which nothing
of consequence was done. The committee will 'Meet again on
Monday next.—(Southampton County Chronicle, Jan. 10.)

11111. LONDON JOURNALS.

DA 1 LI"
Extracts front the Illorning, Papers, Jon. 10.

[MORNING POST]
-We have heard through a private channel that
ep to the last advises from Demerara, the White
population of the Colony remained in a state of
high exasperation against the Missionaries. This
►aay be explained .we understand,• both by the
danger in which .the lives and property of the
Colonists were placed by the recent insurrection
:aid the prevalence of free opinions on religious
subjects among the better classes of society in
that island. • The trial of Mr. Smith by a Court
-;4lartial, .w.`.lich his friends at home complain of,
should therefore, we think, be considered a
proof not only of the wise discretion of the Go-
verner, but of his Excellency's anxiety to obtain
for that pious Gentleman the most impartial in-
estigation of the very serious charge under which
If, is arraigned. The case for the prosecution
occupied about three weeks, during which some
evidence of a curious nature was elicited as to
the effects produced on the Negroes by their un-
assisted perusal of the Bible, and the practical
conclusions they drew from isolated parts of
the Old Testament in particular. One chap..'
ter, for instance, in the inspired writings of the
Prophets, they construed as perfectly appli-
cable to themselves, and not only as justifying,
but commanding them to throw off the yoke of
slavery. Accordingly, for a considerable period
previous to the Insurrection, this Chapter was
constantly read by the Blacks, and, at the desire
of the leaders of the Rebellion, faithfully com-
mitted to memory. As we have not heard that this
important circumstance tended to prejudice Mr.
Smith's case, we mention it as a fact, establishing
the importance of strictly attending in future both
to the principles and character of persons under
• whose guidance the West India Negroes should be
allowed to drink of the fountain of eternal li Fein the
revealed will of the Almighty. The opinions enter-
tained of Mr. Smith's guilt or innocence by our
informant, even if they were more decisive than
they appear to be, we should not attempt to state,
while we are without an opportunity of knowing
the validity of the defence which he has set up
in proof of his innocence. The Governor of De-
merara, we understand, deeply regretted that so
many Negroes had lost their lives during the
commotion.—The next arrival will probably en-
able us to communicate the result of Mr. Smith's
trial, which, as we yesterday stated, was to be
suede known on the 24th of November.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
Wednesday's French Papers reached us last
From these it appears that the Spanish
tyrant has at length extended his wide-spread
proscription, even to his own family. The In-
fant Don Francis, Ferdinand's brother, who
was looked on as the best .of that imbecile
family, has, it appears, been exiled. by the
tyramt's • caprice to .Naples, in consequence
of some strong observations made by the
Prine, at an interview between him and his bro-
thers. Don Francis probably remonstrated-against
the insane despotism now trampling on Spain, as
at once the ruin of the unhappy country, and
likely to drag down ultimate destruction on his
owl head and that of his entire family ; and the
jealous tyrant repaid his fraternal advice by
exile. Worthy successor of the monster Philip !
who imbrued his hands in the blood of the hap-
-less Don Carlos, his own son !—No amnesty
had yet been published, though daily expected ;
hut the arrests still continue in almost every pro-
vince, and the dungeons of tyranny were
crowded.
