MERCANTILE SHIPPING.

FAL.MOTITH, SEPT. 25.—Wind S.W. fresh breezes.—Ar-
rived the Duke of York Packet from Buenos Ayres, sailed the
23d of July, and from Monte Video the 26th ditto.
DEAL, SEPT. 26.--Wind S.W.—Arrived the Isabella
Simpson, 3lure ; Richard and Sibella, Holland ; and the
Friends, ----- from Jamaica; Hercules, Kerr, Honduras;
Alexander, Richardson, Ceylon. Arrived from the River and
remain, the Rawlins Regmaden, for Jamaica. At 9a. so. the
outward-bound weighed with a light breeze from the north, but
afterwards shifted to the S. %V., when the whole brought up again.
DOVER, SEPT.26.—Arrived ()Where the Britannia, Bourke,
from the Cape of Good Hope, sailed the Bth of July; Barkley,
Turner, from Jamaica; Georgian , Watt, from Grenada; and
the Nesbit, ---, from Jamaica.
PORTSMOUTH, SEPT. 26.—Wind W.N.W.—Arrived the
Joseph Ann, Power, from Havannah ; Moll'att, Brown, from
Quebec ; Eclipse, Bedwell, Margaret, Brown, and Indastry,
hose, from London. Went out of harbour his Majesty's ship-
Dreadnought, for Milford, and brought tip at Spithead.
COWES, SEPT. 26.—Arrived the 4ir Joseph Banks, Arm-.
strong, from Tobago in 46 days, very leaky for the last 24 days,
the men constantly at the pumps, had thrown overboard 20(1
puncheons of runs, and the ground tier of sugar washed out;
the master and crew nearly worn out with fatigue.
LIVERPOOL, SEPT. 25.—Wind. \V.—Arrived the Mary.
Ellen, Donaldson, from Cstrthagena : British Tar, Gre-
nada ; Eliza Baker, Rawson, Charlesvm ; Franc:kg, Vir.
ginia ; Henry, Martin, New Orleans; Rowena; Dickenson,
and Orozimbo, Thomson, from New York ; General Brown,
Sharp. from 3iramichi in 17 days; Baltic, AI:11er, Alexandria;
Helen, Upham, Viana ; and the Lucy Ann, —, Nassau, N.P.

Arrived off Margate the Edward, Topper, from Grenada
and the Argo, Taylor, from Honduras.
Arrived off the %%right the Neptune, Saubry, from Guarfa.
loupe. _ _ '

Arrived in the Downs the Piggott, Hodnett, from Jamaica.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

• BETTING ROOM, SETT. 26.
The Subscribers were so much occupied in settling their
Doncaster accounts, that there was little or nothing done in re,
gard to future Races.

MELTON RACES—SATurtnaki-, SEPT. 24.
The Melton Purse of 25 soy. with 25 added.
Mr. Black's Harlequin - . -
Colonel James's Miss Tulip - - -
Mr. Howorth's Osmond - -
-
Six started.—A good race.
Hunters' Stake of 501: (Handicap).
.Mr. Bodes's Quiz . - -
Captain Smith's Random r -
Mr. Rush's Amy ~ -
My. Forsyth's Oleaner
-
Captain Howard's Frisky - - 6dr
The Rack Stakes was won by Mr. Gyblet's Faulty, beating
three others. .

-1 3 1
.. 3 1 2
- 2 2 dr
4 4 dr

CRICKT.
On the 13th and 20th inst. Anvill and Baddesley played twu
matches, home and home, both of which were won by Anvill.
On llionday the victors will try their skill against Hursley.

SAILING MATCH.
This day a Silver Cup, the first annual prize given by Mr.
Goalin, keeper of the Swan Tavern, Battersea, will be sailed
for by pleasure boats. The vessels will start at two o'clock
from Blackfriars to sail to Wandsworth, and return to Banzr.
sea Bridge. The Sylph, Spitfire, Don Giovanni and MernutiA
are among the boats to contest the prize.

I'HE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY

E.VllllClS.from the Morning upers , Sept. 27 ,1 526.

[NEW TIMES.]
We have received accounts of a recent disco-
very in Central Africa, which will soon be laid
before the public in greater detail ; but of which
ttle following outline is sufficiently curious :
I'finjor4 Clapperton and Captain Denham, in the
sonrse of their late expedition in that quarter of
the world, arrived in the territory, and subse-
quently resided for some weeks, in the capital of
a nation, -whose manners and history seem likely
to occupy, to no trivial extent, the attention of
awe public of this country—we might safely say
of the whole civilized world. They found a na-
tiou jet 13-lack in colour, but not in our sense of
term-'negroei, having longhair and fine high
features. This people was found to be in a state
of very high civilization ; and, above all, the Bri-
tish travellers witnessed a review of seven thou-
sand cavalry, divided into regular, regiments, and
nitl clothed in complete armour. Six thousand
were the perfect hauberk•mail of the early Nor-
linen .Knights; most strange by far of all, one
thousand appeared in perfect Roman armour.—
The conjectures to which this has given rise are
virieus. We confess for ourselves that, look-
;ng to the polished and voluptuous manners
ascribed to these people, the elegance of
their houses, Ste. Bz.c., in a word, the
_total difference between them and any other
• race as yet discovered in the interior of " Africa,
- the mother of monsters," our own opinion is
strongly that here we have a fragment of the old
Numidian population ; a specimen of the tribes
who, after long contending and long co-operating
with imperial Rome, were at last fain to seek
safety in the central desert, upon the dissolution
of the empire. In these squadrons Messrs.
Clapperton and Denham probably beheld the
liveliest image that ever has been witnessed by
modern eyes, of the legions of Jugurtha—may
we not say of Hannibal ? The armour, we un-
derstand, is fabricated in the most perfect style
of the art; and the Roman suits might be mis-
taken for so many Herculanean or Pompeian dis-
coveries, if it were possible for us to imagine the
existence of genuine antiques possessing all the
glossy finish of yesterday's workmanship. One
of these travellers has already set off on his re-
turn to this sable court.

[THE TIMES.]
A letter which we publish from Rio de Janeiro,
contains matter more curious, at least, than any
that has yet been communicated from the same
quarter.—Brazil had shaken off the yoke of Por-
tugal. So far as the force of the mother country
was concerned, the Brazilians were on an equal
footing of independence with the people of
'Mexico and Colombia. Yet we find it stated in
this correspondence, that the person who has by
some means or other assumed to himself the so-
vereignty of the nation thus emancipated, has
again, by treaty, subjected the Brazilians to the
Government of the King of Portugal—in other
words, has ignominiously and wickedly betrayed
his trust. The Emperor, I)on edro, it is asserted,
has agreed to apply to the re-subjugation of
a'AZil the power which was conferred upon him
fcr the purpose of maintaining her liberty ;
for be has acknowledged the King of Por-
tugal to be Emperor of Brazil, and has '
consented to sink in his own person to the de-
gree of Emperor Regent! A treaty contain-
ing any such stipulation we pronounce to be
mid ab initS), since the party signing it does, by
the letter of the treaty, exceed the authority =ii
virtue of which only he could have claimed a
right to represent the Brazilian people. Like
Boyer, Don Pedro sells his principals to foreign
slavery. Brazilians, as well as Blacks have an
itidefeasible• right to disavow the crime, to re-
nounce the obligations obtruded upon them, and
to puntsh the traitors, if not by deatlt itself, by
a forcible destitution of the sovereign rank so
disgeacefully perverted to the ruin of those who
gave. it. The inexperienced world might find it

diffiru4t to believe that this iniquitous transac-
tion has been brought to maturity under the
auspices of the British Government, and
through the agency of Sir Charles's Stuart. But
for :what elid, or under what strange delusion,
has the Foreign Minister of England taken upon
himself this' odious and disastrous labour ? If

Portugal had beet? really able to keep the Bra-
zils -,to a dependent, • would Pedro ever have
mounted his Imperial though ephemeral throne ?
If arazitiliad not outmarched the coercive power
of
stbe parent state, it seems plain that she must
have N lien in the late contest to her primitive
condition, and that the Portuguese forces, in•
stead of flying to their ships, would have dispersed
the insorgei4t colonists, and continued masters of
the full& of battle. The reverse of all this, then,
hawing. occurred—Brazil having conquered—
Kitii-Jahn of Portu;;al having been wholly de-
feittetyand his Brazilian• sovereignty extinguish-
ed,—is it credible that Mr. Canning should expect
more virtue from.a piece of parchment than from
a loaded cannon ; or imagine that by the hand and
seal of this Doi, Pedro, that nation which had al-
ready expelled the Portuguese, could, as a thing
of t o'irs, be transferred to their dominion ? The
consequence to be looked for is very far frorn
that which the treaty meditates. The negociators,
indeed, profess to grant a separate. Legislature to
Brazil-; of what real use is a separate assembly,
when there is the same King for both countries,
with Portuguese Ministers to direct him ? In
any -case of divided or opposite interests—and
many such may surely arise, in commercial mat-
ters, between states thus geographically circum-
stanted—where is to he the tribunal of reference
and adjudication ? Brazil, it is said, gives Por-
tugal' R monopoly. in the articles of wine and
salt. Will the Brazilians be always such enor-
mous idiots? Will they be such boobies as to
cut themselves off from the enjoyment of •
Frenell and Spanish, and Italian and German
winotf for the ..sake. of treading in the sage
steps of England, -and bolstering up the Oporto
Company in its mixtures of Port with brandy
and Benecarlo ? Will the Brazilians for ever

be satisfied 'with Portuguese to the exclusion of
English and other salt, thus denied to them by a
patriotic British negociator ? It is all humbug ;
the people of a distant country will not be slaves
to those on whom they have already trampled.
It may have been with due gravity provided, that
on the death of his present Majesty the King of
Portugal, Pedro shall become King of Por-
tugal and Emperor of Brazil ; but how if the
Brazilian Parliament shall address their own Em-
peror, Don Pedro, to declare war against Pedro
King of Portugal ? What then will parchments
avail ? We repeat, that it is on the face of it ex-
ceeding folly to fight against the nature of things.
Colombia and Mexico would be as justly and as
wisely made the subjects of a compact, reducing
them under the soft sway of Ferdinand, as Brazil
is now said to be treated by Sir Charles Stuart,
if it be true that he has made her the victim of
such a bargain as is described to us. It is not
difficult to foretel that every free State in North
and South America will have an interest in un-
dermining the European-Brazilian Government,
and will take or make the opportunity of effect-
ing a purpose so dear to them. If Mr. Canning's
conscience impelled him to recognize the inde-
pendence of the Spanish colonies, why has it left
him in the lurch when the same principles of
equity and honour appealed to him on behalf of
the Brazilians.

[MORNING HERALD.]
'The consternation of the 'l'urki►h Government
is of the moist extensive character ; and some in.
teresting communications, illustrative of suet
fact, are understood to have been made by Lon'
Strangford, now in London, to the English Mi
nisters. This was previously to the arrival n
the proffer made to Commodore Hamilton. A
further supply of money from London, part of
the Greek Loan, &c., was followed by the arrival
of numerous European engineers ; then some
American vessels were mentioned as approaching
the Archipelago with friendly views to the Greeks ;
and finally the defeat of the Turkish forces, by land
and sea, at Missolonghi, indiscribably agitated and
alarmed the Divan. Further importantevents have
heightened the consternation at Constantinople ;
the offer of the Greeks to our Government—the
sailing of young Miaulis, (the Greek Admiral's
son) for England, on this subject—also the for-
, warding of dispatches by Sir Frederick Adam—
and then the arrival of an American squadron off
Hydra, were naturally enough calculated to
make the Crescent itself tremble for events in
Greece. It is even stated that the American
squadron took possession of Porros, opposite to
Hydra. Nor did these events affect the Divan
alone : the Russian Charge d'Affaires, M. Min-
ziacky, and the French Minister, Count Guille-
minot, immediately forwarded from Constanti.
nople advices from their several Governments.—
Commodore Hamilton remains off Napoli di Ro-
mania. The British Cabinet, in the recent Coun-
cils of Thursday and Saturday, as we have before
stated, were almost wholly occupied with the
puzzling and difficult question connected with
Greece; the non-dissolution ofParliament this year
had before been determined.LordStrangford,again
on Saturday, was with the Ministers ; indeed his
Lordship is occupied almost day and night with
the critical affairs arising out of the Greek ques-
tion. We have already mentioned that it was
at first contemplated, during the Ministers' dis-
cussions with Lord Strangford, that he should
leave London forthwith, to return to Constanti-
nople via the lonian Islands, for the purpose of
concerting with Sir F. Adam ; but on Saturday
it was not only determined that Lord Strang ford
should go to Russia (as former occurrences at
Constantinople, while Lord S. was there, might
embarrass his movements), but that his Lord-
' ship should hold himself in readiness to de-
cart for St. Petersburgh in a week or two.—
Directions to that effect have, we under-
stand, positively been given. Lord Strangford
may by some be supposed not to be unfavourable
to the Greek cause from the circumstance of his
Lordship having had with him abroad, and brought
with him to this country, Greek servants. Young
Miaulis, or somebody for him, is said distinctly
to have intimated, that a prompt as well as de-
cisive answer was required ; for that if England
declined to extend the required protection, appli-
cation must be made to another power. Such
were the conditions and resolutions of the Greek
• Government.—The longing of Russia to be med-
dling in Greece, and to have influence in the
Mediterranean is well-known.

[THE PUBLIC r.Enc,En.]
From the Brazil Papers nothiin is to he glean-
ed .on the subject of Sir C. Stuart's mission ; and
from the dry manner in which they announce his
arrival, one would infer that it had not excited
the least sensation. Even they speak of an inter-
view that took place immediately after Ws land-
ing, between him and the Emperor, al; if it. was
an accidental one ; whereas the contrary is well
known. The letters, however, arc chiefly occu-
pied with on diis and speculati,ons on the sub-
ject ; but it is clear that nothing had transpired
capable of throwing the least light on the pro-
gress already made in the,-tlegociations. One
letter, it is true, states.'that the bases of an
arrangernept between Portugal and the Brazils
had. been actually settled ; and, from the air of
satisfaction displayeß by the Emperor, it is in-
ferred that he was highly pleased with the result.
Of this we are sore, that Sir C. Stuart was the
bearer of the most conciliatory proposals, In
whieb.the advantages of both parties were ba-
lariced as nicely as possible ; and we are not
therefore surprised at the pleasure which the
Amperor is said to have received from his mission.
Never, perhaps, was English mediation proffered
from more friendly and disinterested feelings;
and it is therefore. satisfactory to hear that tt,has
been met with corresponding confidence. The
spirit, too, in which it has originated, is so well
appreciated by other Powers, that they have not
interfered with it, directly or indirectly, and they
allow England to settle the dispute, as if she had
a family interest. in it. A finer homage to the
-moral character of the Engiisli Government could
not be well adduced, though it may he, con-
sidered In like manner as a good proof of its pre-
ponderating influence. Tile extreme cordiality
of our connexion with Portugal) together with its

unavoidable tendency to improve the political
condition of that country, cannot fail to have ex-
cited considerable jealousy, as well as alarm, in
more than one continental Power. At the same

time, through Portugal, we can always exercise
a decided controul on the march of affairs in
Spain, whenever it may be deemed necessary ;
and, by moving that kingdom, we may give what-
ever impulse we please to the rest of the Conti-
nent. Not one of these considerations is over-
looked by the neighbouring Powers, without
tempting them, however, to take any active steps
to disturb a connexion which cannot fail to give
them much annoyance.

[mortNING POST.]
We received last night by express French
Papers to the 25th inst. One of them states that
since the execution of Be3sieres, the King of
Spain remained in a state of despondency and
moral suffering, which was not unlikely to ter-
minate in mental alienation. He often uttered,
in the midst of fits approaching to delirium, the
name of that traitor, and it was remarked
that the immediate attendants on his person
laboured to keep up the melancholy impres-
sion, instead of chasing it by descanting on the
justice the Decrees, in virtue of which the rebel
had perished. When the gallant Riego, to whom
Ferdinand was personally indebted for his life,
had been rewarded by his orders with an ignomi-
nious death, no such symptoms of regret or of re-
morse displayed themselves. The King was then
in no danger of growing insane through excess
of sensibility ! But perhaps the account is ex-
aggerated, and the object of its authors may
be to prepare the Public for a renewal of the
charge of mental alienation made by the Cortes
against Ferdinand, bet intended this time to
serve the interests of the opposite party. Private
advices from Madrid to the 14th instant, assert
that the insurrection at Grenada assumed a seri-
ous character, and that events had occnrred in
Galicia which also excited much alarm in the
Government. The Greek Committee in Paris,
we rejoice to find, has publicly protested against
the Protest addressed by its Agent, General
Roche, to the Government of Greece, when the
latter determined to place their country under
the protection of England. Considering it an
authentic document, though they had not yet re-
ceived a copy, the Committee declare " that not-
withstanding the services which Gen. Roche had
anteriorly rendered to the cause, they could
not approve of that officer's having assumed
a political character which they had no right
to give him, and which he, being invested with
their confidence and acting in their name, had no
right to receive from any one else." They then
publish the only instructions which they gave
him, which are certainly most proper, judicious,
and liberal towards all other Committees or na-
tions who might join in assisting Greece. It ap-
pears from the whole that they suspect General
Roche of having accepted a secret mission from
the French Ministers, at the very time that he
went to the Morea nominally as their agent, and
the conduct of that Officer in issuing his injudi-
cious Protest can be explained on no other ground.

[Barrisrt rttEss.]
The struggle for ascendancy on the part of the
workmen in the various trades at present in a
state of conflict, still continues to go on with un-
abated
ardour. it is proceeding—as we said,
from the first, it would proceed—far beyond the
lengths to which the mere urgency of the occa-
sion might carry it. It is assuming every day a
more formidable shape ; so formidable, indeed,
that not only is the manufacturing interest vitally
endangered, but the general interests, both of
civil government and of social order, have
every thing to fear. This new power which
has risen up amongst us is acquiring to itself
a force which—if much longer permitted to or-
ganize and streugthenitself, as it is now doing—
the laws will soon he unable to cope with it. There
seems to us to be no assignable limits to its pro-
gress. Not only do the artificers of different
trades combine separately but collectively ; not
only are contributions made in aid of each parti-
cular Union by its own members, but subscrip-
tions are set on foot in support of the system of
combination as a common cause. At the general
meeting of the Brassfounders Union, held last
week in High Holborn, it was, after a very ani-
mated debate in the case of the Bradford Cambers
and Weavers, resolved " that 20/. be immediately
forwarded to them from the funds of the society,
and that weekly subscriptions be commenced
at the vatiwls manufactories throughout London
in this branch of tizde, in order to prove to our
Bradford brethren that we are determined to up-
hold our motto of Men of Metal.' " The Com-
mittee of The United Fellmongers and Leather
Dressers recommended a subscription of one
penny per week from each member of the Union,
to be collected at their pay-tables every Satur-
day, to support the above cause of the " Brad-
ford Brethren," and the recommendation is ac-
companied with observations to which the public
attention cannot be too strongly drawn.
" The sum," say the Committee, "may appear contemptible,
but we are not in want of facts to prove. that large sums have
been collected from small contributions from the many ; and in
this instance societies in the country have and are still adopting
the same plan. When we see societies assisting societies, and
unions asociating with unions, what may we not anticipate ?
Brethren, let us step forward with our mite, though it is but a
mite! It is forming a link in a chain of connexion, that, if
conducted with wisdom and prudence, will eventually promote
the interests of all ranks of society, inasmuch as the prosperity
of a nation must stand or fall with the majority of its popula-
tion."

What may ultimately be effected by this grand
junction; it is, indeed, difficult to anticipate. In
the mean time, it behoves us to look well to it,
and to inquire hon the interests of property are
to be eventually protected against all these
United Unions ? They present the basis of a
National Convention more formidable than
ever yet entered the lists against the consti-
tuted authorities of the State, either in France,
or under any Government that ever yet appeared
in Europe. If its members should incline to-
wards the same equalizing policy--and their leaders
show every symptom of being so disposed—Or
line which they will chalk out for their public
labours will be pretty broad, and it will not be
their fault if the Capitalists, of every description,do not go to the wall. " All we can do, say

the Bradford Committee, in their sixth addrea
issued to the mechanics, artisans, and labourers
of Great Britain—" All we can do shall be
done, to stir up the people's spirit every
where; and never will we give up plead-
ing for you, until we get every workman into the
practice of regular weekly subscriptions, till
your contest is brought to a triumphant conclu-
sion. No, most worthy and respected friends,
we know you will not forget to assist us ; the
number of our assistants will increase a hundred
fold faster than our opponents ; and we shall yet
see innocence and poverty triumph over wicked-
ness and wealth." Whether these affiliated con-
ventions will realise their visions of empire is a
topic we will not now touch upon. There is at
least enough going on before u to answer all the
end of public instruction. It remains for those
in authority to profit by it.

EMORNING CHRONICLE.]
That something important with respect to the
affairs of Greece is now in agitation, is pretty
evident, from the frequent messages of the Greek
Deputies to Downing-street, and the answers
which have been sent from the Foreign Office to
them. The Russian Consul, the Count Du-
batchessky, has also paid several visits lately to
Sackville-street. We are also informed, from a
v,ery good quarter, that the affairs of Greece had
a good share in the discussions of the two Cabinet
Councils, which were held on Thursuay and Sa-
turday last, and that the general opinion was
favourable with respect to Greece.

There was little interest in the Stock Market
yesterday morning. Consols for .Iccount opened at 8811, and
closed at Mai, with little or no business doing.—ln the Fo-
reign Market there continued to be considerable gloom, owing
to the difficulties in the money negotiations upon the Foreign
Securities. In the Consol Market money advanced at the rate
of three per cent ; in Foreign it was five and upwards. All the
South American Stocks were heavy, and rather lower. Colom-
bian, 75i to 76 ; Mexican Scrip, 10 to 10A dis. ; Greek Scrip,
20 discount; Spanish Bonds were a shade higher, owing to the
accounts from France mentioning no Loan to Spain, and the
impossibily of negotiating one without the acknowledgment of
the Cortes Bonds, 113 i to 18i. In the Stocks of Continental
Europe scarcely any bargains were reported ; they were nomi-
nally at the quotations of Saturday. In shares there were
scarcely any purchases reported : the quotations were nominal.
Were the holders to force sales in the present depressed state of
the Market, the prices quoted would not be realized.--UNd.)
