ESSEX ELECTION.

Yester,lay a numerous and respectable mreting of the
electors of the south division of the county of Essex took
place at the Market place, at Epping, on temporary hust-
ings erected for the occasion.
Major RICHARDSON, of Wanstead, was called to the
Chair.

The CHAIRMAN, in a brief speech, opened the business
of the day.
Sir T. B. LENNARD, Bart., then presented himself to
the meeting, and was received with loud and continued
applause. The Hon. candidate went into a long history
of his political conduct, 'and observed he was a Reformer
of forty years' standing. He expressed himself an enemy
to slavery, to the present system of tithes, and the Corn
Laws. He disapproved of all tax, s upon knowledge,
and he also wished to see the labouring classes of society
obtain a better price for their labour. He would not ob-
ject to a property tax, which would reach the opu-
lent land-owner and the country gentleman—those who,
in his estimation, were better able to bear the burden and
beat of the day. All he asked the electors was, to give
him a fair trial; and if, after they had sent him to Par-
lianarnt, they found him remiss in his duty, he would itn-
mediately resign his seat.—(Cries of " We'll try you.")
He thanked them for the honour they had done him, and
hoped they would become more intimately acquainted.
Several other gentlemen addressed the meeting, and
regretted the absence of the Hen.. Mr. Wellesley. About
three o'clock, however, the Hon. Member made his ap-
pearance, driving into town at a most rapid rate in a
carriage and four. He instantly took his station on the
hustings, and apologised to the meeting for having de-
tained them for such a length of time.
Among the gentlemen who addressed the meeting were
Mr. Leonard, M.P. for Ma!don ; Mr. Western, the Mem-
ber for E sex ; Mr. John Barnard, of Harlow ; the Rev.
Mr. Finch, &c. &c.
A very handsome dinner was prepared by Mr. Stokes,
of Epping-place, of which about seventy-four gentlemen
partook.

SCOTCH ELECTIONS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SIR,—As a constant reader and warm supporter of your
truly independent paper, I beg leave to hand you a few
remarks on the present prospects of Reform in this northern
corner of this island ; and I trust, that at the dull period,
during the recess of Parliament, you may find a corner for
inserting them.

I shall begin with the united county of Moray and
Nairn, the candidates for the representation of which are,
the Hon. Colonel Grant and the Hon. John Stuart.
The former has represented Morayshire during successive
Parliaments ; but, in so far as I am aware, his voice has
never been heard within the walls of St. Stephen's, fur-
ther than in one unbroken chain of Ayes in support of
every measure originating with a Tory Ministry, and an
equally consistent Nay to every question brought forward
lay the present Administration. The latter gentleman is
of decidedly liberal principles; but, Mr. Editor, sorry am
I to say, that amongst Scottish county voters, that has little
—very little weight. A lamentable fact it is, but never-
theless an undoubted one, that very generally, I fear, over
Scotland—almost universally in the north—the first ques-
tion asked by the voter is, not " Pray, what are your
views in regard to Reform ?" but, " Is the Laird to sup.
port you ?" If the candidate replies in the affirmative,
then the honest, worthy farmer's answer is, " You may
depend upon my vote, Sir ;" if the contrary, " I canna
gang against the Laird, it would no be decent, Sir." Now,
Mr. Editor, such being the feelings of the generality of
the north-country farmers, you will hardly be surprised
when I inform you, that the Conservative, Colonel
Grant, is likely to be the successful candidate. The Nairn
di% ision,however, has done its part; out of 90, the num-
ber of voters, 50 have already declared in favour of the
Hon. J. Stuart, being nearly as two to one; but sorry
am Ito add, that this apparent liberal feeling of the Nairn-
shire voters by no means proceeds from superior liberality
on their parts, hut merely because the Earl of Cawder,
and some of the other most extensive proprietors, happen
to be Whigs; for, believe me, Satiny will never vote against
his Laird, whether he be a Whig. a Tory, or a Radical.
Nothing but the ballot will do in Scotland ; our peasantry
have not an idea of rational freedom ! Still, however, the
change already effected is considerable, and many a homely
dwelling has been honoured by a visit from Hon. Candi-
dates, which hitherto had no greater chance of such a
distinguished guest than Captain Parry had of reaching
the North Pole ! Another good effect is, that, under the
Reform Bill, Right Honourables will have to .‘ straight
their legs," as we term it, i. e., they must scatter a few
of the guineas they have drawn from the cultivators of the
soil, amongst these said honest people. Thus report says,
that the only expense the Member for Morayshire has been
put to, for successive elections, was a dinner, which said
dinner was so arranged as, although apparently at the
Hon. Member's expense, to be quietly smuggled into the
expenditure of a certain snug burgh, always saving and
excepting a haunch of venison, and a few braces of phtar-
michan, which the noble patron of both county and town
condescended to contribute. But mark the difference !
Report says, the present election has already cost him
5,0001. Can we wonder, after this, at the decided hos•
tility of certain great men to the rising liberty of their
country ?
So much for the county; now for the burghs. Our
district consists of Inverness, Nairn, Fortrose, and Forres,
with a total of 710 voters. The candidates for represent-
ing us are, Colonel Baffles, an East India Director. Major
Cumming Bruce, ihe sitting Member, Mr. J. Stewart,
and Mr. R. Fraser. The two first are out-and-nut Con-
servatives,—with this difference, however, that the Colo.
nel is, and always has been, hostile to Reform—never
denied it—whereas, the Major, although he divided eight
times in one night against the Reform Bill and Ministers,
still has the impudence to assert, that he is a Reformer !
I say, " From such Reformers, good Lord, deliver us."
Mr. Stewart, the next candidate, is as decidedly on the
Liberal side as his opponents are on the reverse. He is,
in short, the man of the people; upon them, and them
alone, r,sts his chance of attaining ,the honour he aspires
htoo.stilAitys afrpomroohfisofoptphoisn,enhteswehrcophoes:ditatteo
at no e verl sort of
falsehood
to harass and defeat him. One day he is a Tory—next a
Radical; but, Sir, were other proof wanting of what he
really is, I need only mention, that the Colonel and his
friend the Major count in their ranks every Magistrate,
every Councillor, every Minister of the Kirk of Scotland,
ofte Uignhitted of
Associateinjustice not to
Sy
within their bounds. It is wonderful what noses both
clergy and bailies have for cadetships, and other " sic liked,
nod,
to a man, are on the Liberal side here, as indeed they are
quid things."
that at alll It behweoculledrgy h
the he
all over the kingdom. The fourth candidate, Mr. Fraser,
I had forgotten ; but, as it is supposed he has only his
own vote, I need say little about him. He calls himself
a Reformer, but gives his support to the Tory candidates.
The present relative situation of the other rival candidates
is as follows:

Stewart. Bailles. Bruce. Neuter.
Voters i❑ lnvernels 467... 170 190 87 20
Nairn.
Fortrose 30... 13 9 8 0
Forres 150... 69 1 80 0

A very general opinion prevails, that Bailles and Cum-
ming will coalesce against their Liberal opponent; but the
hest informed say, this will add to Mr. Stewart's majority,
as, should B 'Ries give way to Cumming, most of the for-
tner's voters in Inverness would support Stewart; and should
Cumming yield to Bailles, then most of his voters at Forres
would in like manner support Stewart. In short, Mr.
Editor, the friends of freedom are most sanguine, and
have no doubt of the final triumph of their cause, despite
the hitter hostility and foul holy alliance against them.
Connected with this desperate struggle betwixt conser.
and liberal:sm, I may observe that a most extraor-
dinatyvatm
is
manoeuvring lately took place in one of the above
free and independent burghs, on occasion of the annual
farce nicknamed election of Magistrates. You must
know, Mr. Editor, that the same 'milks had continued
in office for the last 16 years—indeed one of these worthies
had been glued to his seat for 32—and as for the Coun-
cillors they had most of them occupied their berths for
similar periods, with the exception of the Provost, who
candidatesweathearndhloriusseb.rotivvierelhl,adsirp,optpheedseinwaonrdthoiuest
alienatingehti,anibsnt?l:uoceffi''ceu,r,hich sweet fruit of olden time is already
was changed every two years ; consequently, one of our
ortrhtehYcivic chair for some score of years, like Darby and
zed the last farthing they could out of the
its property, thought it beneath them
when no longer accompanied with profit
the Reform Bill ; they therefore
jbtooti havingarren
of the Reformers, so far as to accept office,
otnhrivaegbdbbigniinttigiiimmedtobyback out, and having found it itnpos-
appointed a set of worthies to fill their shoes,
wise in their day and generation, but every way worthy
of their predecessors. Need I add that the new Magis
grates are as celebrated for honor, honesty, fair dealing,
and liberality as the old. But, Mr. Editor, we look for-
ward to a speedy cleansing of the Augean stable, and then,
when every honest man will get his own, what will he the
have
ell any
position of our worthy rulers ?—really I dare not venture
to hint at.
I remain, Mr. Editor, your most obedient servant,
Auchlian, Oct. 17, 1832. ERAX.

THE ANNUALS.

GEOGRAPHICAL ANNUAL FOR 1833.
LONDON, 1832.

The idea of this work is admirable, nor is its
execution less worthy of praise. Its avowed
principle is utility, but it has also strong
claims on the score of elegance. As a
hook of reference, it is tl►e best of all works to
have lying by one's side. The maps, though
necessarily on a limited scale, are remarkable for
their neatness and correctness. Opposite to each
of them is placed a list of the principal cities
and towns, with their latitude, longitude, &c., so
that the work is really as perfect as it is possible
to be. Mr. Bull deserves great praise for the
tact and enterprize he has shown in bringing out
this valuable Annual, whose price, considering
its utility, and external as well as internal beauty,
is really dirt. cheap.

HEATH'S PICTURESQUE ANNUAL FOR
1833.-LONDON, 1832.

The literary sketches of this Annual are quite
as clever as the illustrations. This is high praise,
but it is praise which Mr. Leitch Ritchie is
fully entitled to. He has a quick, discerning eye
for the beauties of nature and art, and makes
himself felt as well as understood in his descrip-
tions. Occasionally, however, in his great horror
of diffuseness, he runs into the opposite extreme,
and becomes so terse, and pointed, and epigram-
matic, as to throw over his style an appearance
of stiffness and affectation. In describing na-
ture he should follow Sir Walter Scott's plan,
and give his genius fair play ; to cramp it is not
to increase its strength, but to deform it. In
his stories connected with the Rhine this defect
is less apparent than elsewhere. Mr. Ritchie
feels a legend in the true spirit, and tells it with
prodigious gusto. Hence it is a very interesting
and impressive matter in his hands. His present
Annual is truly picturesque in its descriptions.
Of the embellishments we have already spoken in
the terms they deserve.

THE BIBLICAL ANNUAL FOR 1833.
LoNDoN. 1832.

The first appearance, we believe, of a work
which appeals to the wants and wishes of a large
class of the community, and is likely to meet
with as extensive a circulation. It is a very ser-
viceable adjunct to the Bible, as it contains maps
and other explanatory and topographical matters
relative to the sacred soil of Palestine. The
work is beautifully got up, without regard to
time, trouble, or expense.
