VENT DEBTORS.

flie Matters of the Petitions and Schedules of the Pri-
soners, hereinafter named (the same having been filed
in the Court) are appointed to be heard at the Court-
house, in Portugal•street, Lincoln's Inn-fields, on TUES-
DAY, the 21st of January, 1834, at Nine o'clock in the
Forenoon.
B'anchenay, Louis, wine merchant, Ferdinand Place,
Hampstead Road.
Christmas, James, tailor, Whitechapel Road.
Cooper, Joseph, hackneyman, Sydney Street, Goswell
Road.
De Nicholas, Lorenz:), mercantile clerk, Brunswick Place,
City Road.
Dismon, Jeremiah, assistant, Summerford Street, White-
chapel Rta I.
Furness, Charles, warehouseman to a packer, Blue Stile,
Greenwich.
Glasspool, William, plumber and glazier, High Street,
Peckham.
Hodges, John George, short-hand writer and lodging
house keeper, Nursery Place, Well Street, Hackney.
Joll, Henry, surveyor, Clarendon Place, Vassal Road,
Brixton.
Shackleford, Frederick, linen draper, Woburn Terrace,
Albany Road.
Tottem, George, clerk to an attorney, Anne Street,
Waterloo Road.
Wallis, Timothy, upholsterer, Blandford Mews, Portman
Square.
Oo WEDNESDAY, JAN. 22.—Same Hour and Place.
Baylis, Thomas, baker, Old Brompton.
Berenburg, John, tobacconist, Blomfield Street, London
Wail.
Baseden, William Griggs, tailor, Adam's Place, High
Street, Southwark.
Cranbrook, William, broker, Manor Place South, King's
Road, Chelsea.
Darling, Ralph, officer in his Majesty's Customs, Bengal
Terrace, Blackwall.
Gilkey, Matthew, watchmaker, Church S:reet, Hackney.
King., Charles, dealer, Princes Street, Camden Town,
Walworth.
Lawrence, Charlotte, farmer, Ickenham, near Uxbridge.
Mann, James, general shopkeeper, Brixton Hill.
Posford, James, baker, Sidney Street, comers Town.
Rayner, John, pianoforte maker, South l\lews, Manches-
ter Square.
Wybrow, John, chair maker, Lo qtr Marsh, Lambeth.

THE NAPOLEON MATCH.—After a cessa-
tion of two evenings, this match was resumed on ➢londay
evening, and was continued on Tuesday evening with un-
abated interest among tho-,e fashionabie circl,s who take
delight in the excitement of such event,. On the latter
evening especially the room was thronged. The English
party, after a good deal of fluctuation very natural where
so large a sum is at stake, and when the chances are so
numerous, are still ahead 8,4001. ; and, in fact, it is now
admitted that the per centage on the play to which the
table is entitled, gives them such an advantage and such a
counterbalance to any run of ill luck that may take place,
that their position is likely to continue favourable to the
end of the chapter, unless counteracted by some extraor-
dinary misfortune.

THE RATIINIINES REPEAL MEETING-
ALARMING OCCURRENCE.-This meeting was held on
Sunday in the large room of the School-house at Rath-
mines, recently erected by the contributions of the
parishioners, for the accommodatio❑ of the childre❑ of the
poor in that district. Precautions had been previously
taken to support the rafters of the apartment by placing
planks perpendicularly under them. The pressure of the
crowd, however, became so great while Mr. O'Connell
was speaking, that these planks were broken across, which
being observed by Mr. Denis Redmond, that gentleman,
with much courage and discretion, made his way through
the throng to Mr. O'Connell, to whom he intimated the
alarming state of matters. Mr. O'Connell with that self-
command which be possesses in so eminent a degree, stated
to the assemblage that he had just received a communica-
tion which rendered it necessary to conclude the proceed-
ings in the open space adjoining the school-house,
and he enjoined them to proceed thither quietly and
without pressing upon each other—probably from not
hieing made aware of the cause of removal this sug-
gestion failed to effect its purpose. Mr. O'Connell,
thereupon, rightly judging of the coolness of the people,
and his own power of controlling the " movement,"
boldly mentioned that the building being considered
unsafe it became necessary to withdraw from it, adding
that he relied upon the steadiness and good sense of the
people to do so one by one, and he should be the last to
quit the room. In obedience to his directions the persons
nearest the door began to depirt in single files and retired
in so gradual a manner th it three-quarters of an hour
elapsed before O'Connell's turn, as the " last man,'
arrived for leaving the building. A singular exe7rtplifica-
tion this of the presence of mind which pervaded the
multitude, and a new proof of the popular power of
O'Connell in really trying circumstances.—Dublin Morn-
ing Register.

DEAR BREAD, Olt DESTRUCTION OF
IRA DE ASSOCIATIONS.—The Societies for the " Pro-
tection of Agriculture," which in our opinion would be
more justly named as above, appear to be spreading ; and
of this we may be sure, that if they fail to spread, it will
not be for want of zealous exertions on the part of the
I mdlords. A meeting was held on Thursday week at
Epworth, in Lincolnshire, purporting to be " a meeting
of landowners and farmers," to form " an association fur
the protection of their mutual interests." After resolving
that the repeal of the corn laws would be ruinous to them,
they agreed to form a society " for securing the just
protection afforded by the corn laws, and for supporting
the interests of agriculture." A similar meeting was held
on the 3d instant, at Hatfield, when a parish association
was formed. It was resolved " That this meeting views
with alarm the continued clamour raised in the manufac-
turing districts for a free trade in corn—and feels con-
vinced, that any repeal or lessening of the duties on the
importation of foreign corn, would be ruinous to the
agricultural population." They therefore deter-
, mined to " withstand the heedless clamour of a party
whose avowed object is to deprive agriculture of its
only protection." We know not, of course, what
proportion the farmers bore to the landowners in these
meetings, nor how far these resolutions may be depended
upon as expressing the public opinion of those agricul•
fund districts ; but the very fact that the landlords are
able so to humbug any of their tenants as to induce
them to sanction resolutions such as these, proves in the
strongest manner the necessity bar anti-corn law societies.
We hope that ere long these last mentioned associations
will adopt the plan which was found to b, so useful to the
anti-slavery cause, of employing able and eloquent men
to traverse the country and deliver lectures on the sub-
ject. This, we have no doubt, would be the surest
and the speediest way of opening the eyes of the farmers
to A sense of their true interests._-Shelfield independent.
