DEPARTURES.

The Marquis and Marchioness of Hastings and family, from
the Burlington Hotel, for their seat Donnington Park ; L ird
Dorchester, from Ellis's Hotel, St. James's.street, for Glasgow ;
John Moss, Esq., from ditto, for Liverpool ; William Murray,
Esq., from ditto, for Brighton ; Thomas Yard, Esq., from ditto,
for ditto ; Lord Cloncurry, from Fenton's Hotel, St. James's-
street, on a tour; M‘Gregor, Esq., from ditto, for Chelten-
ham ; Captain Smith, R.N., from Raggett's Hotel, Dover-
street, for Cheltenham ; Capt. and Mrs. Hadley, from Warren's
Hotel, Regent-street, for the Continent ; Mrs. and the Misses
Waddell, from Hitchcock's St. George's Hotel, for their seat
in Kent; Lord Berwick and the Hon. Mr. Hill, from ditto, for
Shrewsbury; Mr. and Mrs. Platt, from ditto, for Sussex ; Mr.
and Mrs. Sawyer, from ditto, for Surrey ; F. Keppel, Esq., from
ditto, for Norfolk ; W. Clark,,Esq , and J. Rogers, Esq., from
Morley's Hotel, Trafalgar-square, for Manchester.

MR. RUSH'S RESIDENCE AT THE COURT
or LONDON.—" A work on England, from the pen of an
intelligent and well-educated American, who had spent
more than seven years in this country, would naturally
excite much interest, and he entitled to much attention ;
but greatly would his claim be strengthened if be had
been residing here under circumstances peculiarly advan-
tageous—under circumstances which would afford him
ready access to all that was most interesting in our
institutions, and would bring him into frequent communi-
cation with the most eminent persons of the time—if, in
short, like Mr. Rusx, he bad lived amongst us in the cha-
racter of a Minister Plenipotentiary from his own Govern-
ment. The present work is the well-written, sensible,
and dispassionate work of a rieht-minded, observant, and
intelligent man, and undoubtedly contains much important
matter."—Foreign Quarterly Review.

The Duke of GOItDON has invited a large
party to Gordon Castle, for the Grouse shooting, which
commences on the 12th of August.

We regret to learn, that the recent strikes of
the workmen in this district have at length compelled
their employers to strike in their turn. At a large
meeting of the latter held 3eeterday, in the Tontine Hall,
it was agreed that unless those workmen who had struck
whi'e in Messrs. HOULDSWORTHS', returned to their work
by Saturday next, all the operatives of the same class em-
ployed by the other gentlemen present should then be dis
missed. The masters say , they regret being obliged to
resort to such a measure, but that the unreasonable
demands of the men leave them no other alterna-
tive. We can easily conceive this ; for large bodies
embued with the spirit of opposition, rarely listen to rea-
son. It is not difficult, however, to foresee the result.
After a display of much ill humour and obstinacy, the
men will find themselves obliged to give in ; while, in
the interval, the greatest privation and suffering will be
experienced by many industrious families. This is the
invariable, and inevitable consequence of a trade's strike.
We need scarcely add that it is greatly to be deplored—
since the innocent wives and children of the parties are
necessarily the chief sufferers.— Glasgow Scots Times.
DIFFERENT LENGTH OF THE FINGERS.—
This difference in the length of the fingers serves a thousand
purposes, adapting the hand and fingers, as in holding a
rod, a switch, a sword, a hammer, a pen, or pencil, en-
graving tool, &c., in all which a eecure hold and freedom
of motion are admirably combined. Nothing is more
remarkable, as forming a part of the prospective design
to prepare an instrument fitted for the various uses of
the human hand, than the manner in which the delicate
and moving apparatus of the palm and fingers is
guarded. The power with which the hand grasps,
as when a sailor lays hold to raise his body to the rigging,
would he too great for the texture of mere tendons,
nerves, and vessels ; they would be crushed, were not
every part that bears the pressure defended with a cushion
of tar, as elastic as that which we have described in the
foot of the horse and the camel. To add to this purely
passive defence, there is a muscle which runs across the
palm, and more especially supports the cushion on its
inner edge. It is this muscle which, raising the edge of
the palm, adapts it to lave wa'er, forming the cup of
Diogenes.—Sir C. Bells Bridgewater Treatise on the
Hand.

An old plasterer, named BRIGNOT, of the
quarter of St. Antoine, Paris, who had retired from
business, I Italy married a young wife, not more than
twenty-two years of age. For some time they lived very
happily together, hut BRIG NOT having entered into some
speculations which did nut succeed, they became greatly
distressed for money. On Saturday they invited a p irty
of friends to dine with them, and during the repast the
husband intimated to one of them that he wanted a loan of
600 francs, but receiving an evasive reply, he was evidently
much disappointed. Scarcely were their guests retired than
the unhappy couple formed the resolution of destroy-
in" themselves, and wrote a letter declaring their deter.
urination and its cause. They then entered the same
bed, having placed in the middle of the room a brazier,
with lighted charcoal. About two in the morning, the
wife expired. The husband, whose strength was greater,
still survived, but his resolution remaining, he rose, pro-
ceeded to his Secretaire, took out and loaded a pistol, and
firing the ball through his heart, tell deed. Before thus
executing his determined purpose, he had sufficient cool-
ness to add a postscript to the letter, stating the latter
circumstances. The handwriting of this addition being
nearly illegible, shows that he must have been greatly
affected by the fumes of the charcoal. They were both
buried on Tu,sday in the same grave.

PROGRESS OF CIVILIZATION IN ALGIERS.
—The influence of the Turks has long been declining in
Algiers. But there are few Moorish families not con-
nected in marriage with the public functionaries sent
thither from time to time from Constantinople. Their
descendants are denominated Coulouglis, and have always
enjoyed particular privileges. The families connected
with them have been enriched, but the source of wealth,
which consisted in piracies upon the coast of Spain and
Ittq, has been stopped during many years ; and
Lord EXMOUTH put an end to Christi in slavery in
1816, while various treaties with Europe decidedly
checked the former irregular warfare and weakened
the Turks. In this state of things we found the
Moors ready to receive us as liberators. Our manners
and refined habits were more pleasing to them than those
of the Turkish soldiery. They have not forgotten Spain
and its enchantments. Their countenance and gestures,
and their whole demeanour, are strikingly Spanish. One
of them, SIDI Boy DHARBA, told me one day, that by
his mother's side he was descended from the Moors of
Grenada. I have often played at whist or ecarte,
with these pretended barbarians, and found my-
self in enlightened discussion upon the compara-
tive merits of European and Mos!em manners.
Their dwellings are fitted up with great luxury.
At the country-house of SIDI HAmanAtr, whose
eldest son was educated at Paris, are to be seen all
the resources of a man of taste, a library, and a garden
laid out in the English style. Polygamy is almost unknown
at Algiers. The women have much more freedom than
in other Mahomtnedan countries. They have the exclu-
sive management of the house, and pay much attention to
the education of their children. The Algetines are fond
of music, and offered to contribute towards the expense of
a theatre. Many of them speak French, Italian, Spanish,
and English, and what seems decisive as to the civiLzation
of the Moors, they possess a great number of schools con-
ducted upon the Lancaster and Bell systems of mutual
instruction; arid primary instruction is more general than
in France. It is a great error to suppose them hostile to
our more enlightened views.—. Westminster Review.

(Errors excepted.) WM. ABINGTON,
Cadet Office, India House, July 13, 1833.

IRELAND.

SCENE AT WATERFORD SESSIONS.

CATHERINE M'CARTHY V. ANASTASIA THOSIAS.

The parties in this case are poulterers, and well known
as noisy neighbours to those who reside at the Cross,
where the two combatants usually dispose of their live
stock. The combatant, Mrs. M'Cartliy, a real Amazon
in appearance, on being sworn, stated that she had six
pair of nice, porty chickens, which she was feeding
for eleven days, at the end of which time they were
fit for an Alderman's table—(A smile from the two Alder-
men on the bench)—she brought them to the market, laid
them on the street, and while she turned her back, before
she could say " Jack Robinson," the defendant, who cast
a wistful eye on them the moment she saw them, snatched
a pair of them away, and on being requested by the com-
plainant to restore them, she swore lustily they were her
own pair of chickens, and that she knew them as well as
if they were her own childer.—(Great laughter.) The
defendant on being pressed to give up the chickens, seized
a duck by the tail, and beat Mrs. M'Cartby with it about
the bead and face, till she absolutely deprived the poor
animal of life, and blackened her opponent's eyes
ManisTßATE—The poor duck got the worst of it.

Complainant—Not at all, your Worship, the duck was
her own, but the life was either frightened out or squeezed
out of my fine fat chickens in the skrimmage.—(A laugh.)
The defendant, a young virago-looking woman, here
roared out from the side bar—" She was as drunk as an
owl, your Worship, at the time of the battle." —( Laughter.)
Complainant—Oh ! Lord save u%, do you hear that.—
(Great laughter.) Why, your riverances, your worship I
mean—(Laughter)—no one ever saw me drunk, or my
mother, or my grandmother before me.--(Tremendous
laughter.)
The Crier of the Court turned round on the table, and
with a most seriocomic phiz, directed his voice to the
gods in the gallery, and said—" Silence, you blackguards ;
do ye think it is a playhouse ye're in ?"—(Considerable
laughter in which the Bench joined.)
Mary Neil, a young damsel of the same pro'cssion as the
combatants, was sworn as a witness. She slid she saw a
pair of fowls fluttering in Anty Thomas's basket, and
when claimed by Kitty M'Carthy, Anty up with a duck
and hit her across the chops with it.
Defendant—The two of them, yer Honours, were as
drunk as a goat.—(Laughter.) By the vart of nay oath,
they war, your Riverances.—(Great laughter.)
Complainant—That's not the first time you took both
my character and my chickens.—(Uproarious laughter
accompanied by the crying of a child in the body of the
Court.)
Crier—Take out that child, and keep silence—what the
devil are ye all about ?—(Great. laughter.)
Mary Thomas, the mother of the defendant, was next
sworn on behalf of her daughter. She said, pointing to
the complainant, who stood on the table near her, it was
this woman aggravated my little girl (by-the bye this
said " little girl" would have weighed at least twelve
stone) to strike her.—(Here the complainant con-
tradicted her, and a scene of the most laughable descrip-
tion took place between the two rivals in trade. The
greatest confusion and uproarious laughter ever witnessed
in a Court of Justice ensued. The crier, with all the
mock gravity he was possessed of, and he has a tolerable
share of it, endeavoured for several minutes to preserve
order, but in vain.) At length the witness addressed the
Bench, and said, " She called my little girl, yer Honors,
every name but a lady.—(Great laughter.) Yes, yer
Honors, she did, and wouldn't that vex any body ?" The
witness now completely lost her temper ; she clapped ber
hands repeatedly, and said, in defiance of the Bench,—
" They're all in partnership, and the d—l's luck to the
law she can get.—(Loud laughter.) No, ye may laugh
away, but bad luck to the law she'll get."—(She then
ran off the table, amidst the laughter and hallooing of those
who generally attend the Petty S. ssions for amusement.)
After a scene of great merriment, the case at length
terminated by both parties being bound over to keep the
peace to each other.
