CRFX !flC4!'is.

... , ,
stile; 1. Stuhhs, of I\.ls.;ntey, Yvk ;hilt, ipkeeper, :.
tint. Owen, ni• the Ifr.f-Nl:...rker, sh9,in4::.er.
63m. Vatters,on, latett hlanclitster, et.e.etr.
T. "S kift,
.1, Livepy,' J. tiargreave, Peter Anstie, Tose' ph
. • S,=r4th, n,14. Wile. H4ll. of Nighungairs, neir- Choriey.
-.. ,
1.,44:40nre, invAin-rrranufiaurcrs. ' .

THE SUN.

OOLLAS QUIS D3CEItt rALsVia'AiIDIAT ?

LONDON, MAY 18, jEol.

WE could nor, without dedicating the greatest
Dart of our Paper to the sohjet4, inter' into all the
details which have come to our knowledge respea-
ing the events which have occurred in Egypt since

the ra•Dinenr. t 1 our 3i,emburkationor,d particularly.
on that glorious cifly the 21st 6f March. Our Read.

eri will therefore find only those which are most
iaeresting, and best calculated to throw light on
the situation of affairs in Egypt. On recapitulating
_every thing important on ths.sulsjea, we_ see that
between 8 and 9000 French _were concentrated in
Alexandria, and in the entrenched 'Camp befoie
that place ; that our Troops, about tz,ooo in
number, were encamped in front of 'them ; that a
Corps• had been sent to Aha;nania to' cut off the
communication • between Alexandria- and Cairo,
Where the French still had some Forces ;
•
that another Detichment had been dispatched
towards Rosetta, in order to Co-Operate with
the Turks; and that a :part of our Fleet was pre_
paring to
.go up
.those branches of the Nile which
form the Delta: To this view of the relative.situ-
ation of the French and English is farther to be
added, that the latter 'Unit- derive a gibt advitntage
from the Capitan Paella having brought them a rein-
forcemeht of sObo• men ; that a_still greater num-
ber was -expeded; that .the GRAND VIZIER„ who:
had been joined by the troops of GHE ZAR TAr....11A,-
.was marching against Cairo. after huying_masked
Salahieh; that 'according tp the Accounts which
were best .entitled to credit, -it was probable, al-
though not certain, that our troops from India had;
arrived at Suez ; and lastly, that MOiTHRAD BEY)
whether sincere•or not in the Alliance which he had
made with the French, had already abjured it, and
was about to join his efforts to those of the Sove-
reign of Egypt, and. of its Deliverer. From this.
Statement it follows, that the French, destitute of
all resources from the sea, must find theinselvcs at_
tacked, or threatened, at all,points at the same in-
stant ; and that the moment could not be far re.
moved, when they must be surrounded on all Sides,
and reduced to the possession of Alexandr7a, which
will.probably be the last place-taken, though it has
generally been supposed that its fall would-be the
first great blow struck in the Expedition..
There can be no one; Who has attentively con-
tidered our situation'in Egypt on the Bth of April,
who must not have drawn the mostlavourable.pre-
sumptions with resped to the final Success of the
Expedition. -The state of affairs was, in fad, in
finitely more advantageous- than the Dispatches of
Major General • HUTCH INSQN and of Admiral
1E Ira have represented them. These Dispatches;
relating only to the Battles which have taken place,
riateL..l3, confined to 'the accounts • of
' 'those fa&s, and have not embraced all our oPera_
dons, nor laid before the Public the entire system
by Which they were direded. The knowledge of
this system is however much more important than
the history. of mere fads on this particular oc-
casion, in order to our corredly estimating the pre-
sent, and as far as it is possible in military affairs,
towards foreseeing the future. In fad, in almost
every other Campaign than the present, it would be
thought, that an Army which, 18 days after having
vidoriously repulsed the Enemy, had attempted
nothing against them, either wanted the confidence
or the force necessary to such an undertaking, and
must have been reduced to an equal, or even•fo a
defensive war. It might besides be Supposed that
the General commanding such an Army had failed
in observing the established principle, which is,
that an Army after having succeeded in a disem-
barkation, should give their enemy no respite, nor
afford.them the time necessary to take advantage of
those resources which the long pessession' of a
country commonly furnishes.' In both points of
view however, the case is here quitetheconttary.'
The art of war, like all others, and even more than
most other arts, admits of exceptions from defined
rules, and no-one can be said well.,to understand it,
nor to be wertthy. of , the 'name of a General, who
Odes not know how to combine universal principles
with-partienlat circumstances.. Thns.,in the matter
in question, it. is' by attempting nothing directly
offensive against the Army. •of NOU from the
zist-of.March to the Bth of April, that our Generals
haVe given us reason to approve their condtia,
and have inspired us
.with solid motives for con.
fidence. .Every rnilit;iry reader will without further
explanation see the gronnds of. this opinion.
If indeed the- French, 'instead of being in a situa-
tion-in which it is impossible for .them to .recci t e
assistance and reinforcements, could readily procure
them; if, instead of being detested by the
iuhabi-
tants of,4ypt, they could rely on their co-operation,
•
our Troops would doubtless then have but one line
of conclud to pursue, and one chance 'of success—
that of hard incessant fighting,, and in Short, of
repeated eaup de mai:J.(' But the case is here com-
pletely-different. The sea is -entirely- under our'
dominion, and. the inhabitants of Egypt neither
being willing, nor being. in ;nit' re. speft able to af„
ford any assistance to the _French; the latter are
reduced to their own Capital, both •in men, ammu.
nition, and every kind of military ;Cores.. On the
contrary, our Troops having on their side the pos.

•
session of the sea, the Inhabitants of EDpi, and
the co:operation:cf the Turks, must find their mews
daily increased in every respect. In this -relative
situatibn, every day. which elapses is a-gaitto us,
and a loss to nur Enemies. One chance only re-
mains to them, that of a. Vklory so decisive as 1:ot
•to allow ,us time to colleA those` resources which a
very _short periOd would furnish us with. To
attack MErou, therefore.; in the strong position
which he occupies:before Alexandria, would be to
play his own, or at least a very uncertain game;
while to content ourselves with keeping the French
in check in the position in which they have irtra-
dently concentrated themielves;'-inust:l3e,-;itli us a
certain, though a. more tedious game. Our Generals
have, it appears, fornied a very correct judgment on
this head. They have been sensible that the best ;
thing they could do, would be to fortify their Posi-
tion before Alexaridria in such a manner as to
secure themselves from. all fresh attack ; to make
detachments in the mean time,,in.order to open the
Country, and to afford the inhabitants an-opportuni-
ty of declaring themselves ;, to isolate by these
meaus tnree points of which the French were
in possession, : one frbm the other ; to enter into
direst co-operation with the GRAND VIZIER,
anti-thus to. prepare for the moment, at no great
distance, when siiperior means Of, attack being
collected on all sides, Egypt cannot fail to fall into
their hands either by open force or by other means.
It is imp9ssible to contemplate 'this satisfaetory ,
rasped without being sensible of all the obliga-
tions we owe to Sit RALPH ABERCRottny, and
the brave Troops. which he commanded. :The latter,
by the order, the discipline, and the -tool courage
which they displayed on the critical day of the asst_
of March, Shewed how - much they had profited by
the sedulous attention which His Royal Highness
the DuKE of YORK has for many years incessantly
paid to the various branches of the service. It is
in Egypt that we reap the fruits of the reforms and
improvements-which he has, introduced. Our Troops
were, no doubt, as brave in the beginning .of the
War as they now are, and as they hive always
been; but' that liscipline which renders them fit
for every kind of operation ; that choice of arms
and equipments, which, makes them-, capable of sup_
porting every fatigue, and:that instrudion which,
prepares them for undertaking, prompt, regular,
and decisive movements in the.heat of action were,
it must be agreed, not nearly so much to he boasted of
some years agO as thy are at present. Their worthy
and gallant. Commander, Sir RALPH, knew how
tun the,e valuable circumstances to the greatest ad-
vantage. The success of the disembarkation "prOved
the foresight of his measures, and that With-which
he repulsed the -French on the 13t11, spewed with
what. discernment he had chosen; the position he
thought proper to occupy. This affair, must bring
to the'recollgdion of our Readers that of the toth
of September, 1799, in Holland, where that Gene-
ral disconcerted in.like manner all the efforts of the
French, by the excellent-defensive position which
he had'eliosen, Among the military qualities which
distinguished Sir RALPH AnERCRostBY, that pru-
dent foresight which so much distinguished Marsh:il
CLAIRFAYT, was most remarkable. The glorious
result of the Battle of the 21st of Mara, has proved
most strongly how good, notwithstanding the dis-
advantages of ground, was the position chosen by
Sir RALPH, and how wisely he had. formed ,his
judgment respeaing the sort of warfare which cir-
cumstances prescribed. Pros idence has not permit-
ted him to bring to a conclusion an Expedition, for
the ultimate success of which he has, laid the fiiunda-
don : Init he lived long enough to. be witness to
the success due to his Valour and his Talents, and
he died withinff i gret, from 'the feeling— that the
Cause of his Country was triumpbanr, and that his
.tomb would be covered with trophies of Vietory.
He fell like EYAMINDNDAS ; like him, he
will live in the affeetions of his Countrymen, and
in the achniratioi of Posterity.

WE 011 Saturday Evening received-Paris ;vow' s
to the 13th inclusive, and this Morning those of the
t4th and tsth reached ExraEss. They are
wholly. barren of Intelligence or of Interest.
An article from Sirasburgb of the 11th instant,
states that accounts had been received from retina,
oldie AxcliDuKE CHARLES being so ill that great
Apprehensions were entertained respefting

Letters from Boxrdeaux, Oared the sth inst.
state, that the Privateer Le D;arlant had taken and
carried into Cadiz three Prizes, valued at 'two mil-
lions *of livres ; • they were under Portuguese Co.
lours, 'and had Colonial-Property on board."
An article from F/usbiNg, of the 7th inst. states,
that the English being informed that Armaments
were preparing in dill:fent ports of Flanders, have
sent several Ships of War of different sizes, to
watch their mayerrients, and to prevent their junc-

tion.

The Paper; of the 13th say, " A Letter from
Smirua, of the zd coritains the foilowiag

intelligence :—" A Vessel just arrived from Tip.,
brings intelligence, that a battle was fought under
Alexandria, on the' 26th of Match, between the
French and English, in which the latter lost Fad r.
teen Thousand Men, and reimbarked with the re.

nant of their Army."
—Ol. the war With-Portsged, to which we !milt -with
anxiety, they make no mention.—The Diet of
RATistioi has definitively_ resolved to iefer it to
. . -
the . Emperor Tto determine with, respea to the ar-
rangements as to the indemnities which are to to
the result of, and to complete the •Peace of Lune.
.-0;11e. The Kingdom-of Naples may be said to
be again in the Possession of the French.=-Such
is the', magnificence with which the new King-,.0f
ETRURIA. travels, that his suite from Wladrid-.to
the Frontiers of Stain consisted of q.OO peisons: We
do not imagine that he intends to go so numerously
escorted to Paris, nor that the .Chief Consul svia
suffer the pomp of his Court to be eclipsed by-rthit
of a king who is indebted to him for his politica

existence.
The Moniteui contains a Report with-respea to
the Commerce of France, during the eighth year of
the Republic. It may attraft the attention of poli-
tical ccconornists. Thc Exports are estimated at
about Eleven Milions Sterling, and the Imports at
nearly Fourteen Millions—a sufficient.prOof of 'le
dirninution. of the national ,wealth, and of the de-
creaseof industry,
The 'Tars Conralule were on the 14th, 53f. 63c.
THE Hamburg!, Mail which- heeame due this
morning, had not arrived when this Paper was put
to Press.
The P- RI XC ss of WALES yesterday completed
the 33d year of he: age, on which occasion her
Royal Highness; received the Compliments of the
Nobility.
The Remains of Sir RALPH An P. R CROM ar were,
it is now asserted, interred at Malta, With all ttm
Honours due to his distinguishe4 worth and rank.
Sir RALPH As it RC"ROlkil3 Y'S wound was from 'a
musket-ball, which lodged in the thigh. He con-
cealed it until the Enemy were totally routed, whza
he fell from his horse through loss of- blood: Mr.
YOUNG, the Surgeon, on examining the wounds
immediately perceived it to be mortal. •
BONAPARTE'S renowned .Grenadiers were ,corn.
posed of a considerable number of that distingui,hed
Demi-brigade (the s2d) which served With him in
Italy. In one of his letters, during his-first cam.
paign, speaking of an attempt which Marshal
WURMSERL the Anstlian Conunander, meditated
against the French Magazines, BONAPARTE arl(6l-
- but my mind was trAnquil—the 33d Demi.bri,
side was there."
HIS MAJFSTY has dire led, that from the Ist
inst. when bread shall exceed r Id. per poupti, or
meat 6d. per pound, the Soldiers in Ireland are co
be allowed 'by Government such excess of price.i—
in bread, not exceeding one pound, and in meat,
nut above three.quarters of a pound per day for each
man. .
A Letter from Mr. CATHCART, the-,A.n.aericatt
Consul at Tripoli, to Mr.- V. N-D E RHQRST, tAe
terr
An3eriean Consul at -Bristol, leaves no room to4joubt
that hostilities have been commenced by the Bashasr
o fol :unisndem, ,
th
against the commerce of the United States, Mr.
of
CATHCART) not bring furnished with sufscient
lowers
staoet offered lilm
onwelywitlireie ail i
the
o,voCrbio.
otant
answer
dollars a
on
hostilities till he,coutd ec
President, Which was refused.

Ensign JcwltrtsoN, of the Guards, who fen it,
Egypt, was not the Nephew of the Earl of LivEs,
root, as state.' in all the ?firers, but rite eldest
son of Lieutenant-Colonel JENXtx:ioN, of Lite Board
of.Greeti Cloth, and Nephew of General Fbi.
SII ANV 5, formerly of the Ist Regiment of Civardi.,
One of the z 66 persons whose relcase from Ate•
tine slavery Was lately effeCted by Mr. FA'Leos,
the British Consul, arrived slew days ago at-hl
native place, Gosforth, near Whitehaven, afmr is
absence of two and twenty' years !---during which
time his friend* had received no intelligence, eua-
cerning him, and had long since supposed him dead.

An incredible number of wild peacocks hake
lately made their appearance at .the Cape of G0‘1,4
Hope from the mountains, and committed rem' dc.
predations on the farmers, so much so, thlt the Go..
vernment of that Colony have been induces to tune
a Proclamation, requiring all farmers and othtrs w
destroy the peacocks wherever they may meet with
them.

The importation of what, during the last week,
amounted to 65,194. quarters ; there were about
"ts,ooo quarters of oats, arid a large supply of flour,
rye,: and barley.
Saturday arri‘ed a Mail from I-I.iiifax and New
York, by the Har/epin. Packet, in thirty days,
with Letters and Papers froin the latter place datel
the loth of FebrOary,'ind -from the forincr of the
13th of April. The Dui( of Cumberland Packet,
with the January Mails from England, had arrive
safe at New York.

A man of the name of HERDAULT, has lately
been arrested at Paris, for having poisohed a spring,
in order to put an end to his Wife, from whom he
was divorced, and his two Children.

Mrs. Payne, a Baker, who died last 'week in
Peter-street,Westminster, was a very singular charac.
ter; her outside habit chiefly consisted of a Wanket
made in the shape of a morning gown ; she was ex.
tremely saving in her own diet, often subsisting
on the loose raspings of her customer•' -
was however charitable to the Poor

in sitting in -her shop to the List
existence, and expired under her
nth year of her age.

v..Pet-AtAr..
( - .z..... 4..--, p., .
NAVAL,; -: i' NEWS.
-ML , j%,-;

Nom ;Ili impeiium pelagic revunigme
std flab; torte daimnr.

From the LONDON GAZETTE, May 16, act:

Admiralty-Offce, May 16, zgo z.
Copy of a Letter from Pict-Admiral Lard Hugh
Seymour, Commander in Chief of His Majesty's
Ships and Vessels at Jamaica, to EV4II Nepean,
- Esq. dated 22d February, 18oi.
• SIR,

I herewith enclose a List of the Vessels taken,
destroyed, or detained upon suspicion, by His Ma-
jesty's Squadron employed upon the Jamaica station,
under my Command, between the 3d of August,
iBOO,, and the 3d instant..
I am, &c,
H. SEYMOUR.
[Here follows a List of iig Vessels, French,
Spanish, Danish, and American re-caßtured].
