'iittt.

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, SEPT. 30, MG.

The French Papers of Wednesday have come to
hand, but their contents are unusually barren. They
endeavour to make up by rumour, what they want in
fact. According to accounts from Georgia, the Per-
sian troops have received a check from a division of
the Russian Army, under YER LOPP, who was on
the point of receiving numerous reinforcements. The
ieports from Greece cannot be depended on, nor do
they add any thing new to the statements already
received. One of these says, that Commodore HA-
MILTON bad told some fugitive inhabitants of Samos,

that the English Ambassador at Constantinople, had
full powers from all the Courts of Europe, to treat for
the pacification of Greece with the Porte ;—and ano-
ther rumour, equally probable, says, that the Commo-
dore had strongly exhorted the Samiens to resist
the threatened invasion of the Turks. The following
is a curious appointment at Bagdat

I3AGDAT, JULY 12.

PETER ALEXANDER COUPRIE, Bishop of Babylon, re-
ceived, on the 27th May, a ministerial despatch, of the
27th December, 1825, announcing that the Court of
Rome had consented to his acting as Consul-General of
Bagdat, under the title of Charg6 d'Affaires of France.

reeeive4 lirussels papera .lastnight to the 28th,.
instant. The fever at Groningen appears to be on
the increase. A curious circumstance is related in
these papers which we trust may prove correct, that the
AbbeLb vli,
sitiolsoo tniin. acstoidniivsseeconortv;e.rfiedfie,
pal Tin oolfi gmusty :st b
oclol
Ica charters
eor s
of a Capuchinf

BRUSSELS, SEPT, 23,..
....Ve learn that the .Minister of
NV/Ll* h" bl'ea applied to to send to Groningen as many
medical men as can be spared to lend their assistance in
the present ciremstancps of that city: The persons at-
tached to the
cooocii or State are beginning to leave the
Hague for Brussels who.„
,the Council will shortly re-
sine its lahours,
flle Minister of the Interior is expect-
ed here on Ow 30th, and the Minister for FOreign Affairs
on the ath October,
to 'erept a monument to
the
liiasteMeaejleesiitiliy
whetls4grtriazit)iopyiedrsftion to the children of
yid, to
his memory jo the church-yanl of St, module, Thus the
same hospitable country wbieh raready possessed the mortal
remains of one or
Rousseau, will preserve also thine of the painter of whom
France is so justly proud,
His i'4eelleney Mr. Hughes, Ambassador from the
United States to bib* muit,ty, arrived here the day, before
yesterday, with his fitipify.
SEPT. 21,---Acconnts from the frontiers of Russia SSY
that the Russian Plenipotentiaries, by the express orders
of their Court, have presented to the Turkish Commit'
sinners a series of 82 articles, to which they require a pe-
rernptory answer; otherwise the Russian armies will 'm-
mediately occupy Moldavia and Wallachia: This resoi u-

ion is said to have been communicated to all the Courts of

Europe.
A letter from Ostend, of the 22d, says, that several
persons have been arrested, and that, a deputation from the
city is gone to lay before his Majesty the expression of the
affliction and of the losses of that unfortunate town. To
add to the distress, all the English families, whose resi-
dence was a great source of prosperity, have left the town
on a sudden, struck with terror, and fearing for the future.
SEPT. 25.—Two British Cabinet Messengers passed

through this city last night, one from Moscow to London,
and the other from London to Moscow.

It is affirmed that the Learned Abbe Roach, who is
employed in the Library at Pisa, has just discovered in
the charters of a Capuchin convent, fifteen of the lost
books of Livy's Roman History.
We learn from Ostend that 223 of the inhabitants were
wounded, though slightly indeed, by splinters of wood
and glass. Stones were thrown to the distance of three-
fourths of a league, and the explosion was heard on board
a ship 12 leagues out at sea. The greater part of the
houses are still unroofed, yet 300,000 tiles have been re-

placed.
We learn that M. Tobin, an English physician, who has
been settled some years at Brussels, has been requested by
the College of Physicians at London to go to Groningen,
to collect all possible information respecting the origin,
the nature, and effects of the contagion now prevailing
there. M. Tobin will shortly set out on this mission.
(PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.)
ANCONA, SEPT. 3.—Some inhabitants of this city went
yesterday to the English Consul, to ask if he had any
communication to make to them. " I have received,'
said he, "a letter, which confirms me that Lord Cochrane
has touched at. Malta." This news is official.

We learn to-day that the delegate of Ancona has re-
ceived a letter from Zante, announcing the arrival of Lord
Cochrane in the Archipelago, with a squadron composed
of 23 vessels.

We received this morning the St. Petersburgh
Journal of the 12th instant, bringing the long promised
amnesty of his Imperial MAJESTY, the Emperor
NICHOLAS, upon the conclusion of his Coronation.
It is certainly a curious document, little fraught with
the spirit of Royal clemency, anti might, with
far more propriety, be termed a list of exceptions
to a general rule, pardoning all offences in the statute-

book, with the exception of every law transgressed ;
for the qualifications are so vague and indefinite, that
no one criminal is safe, against the evasive construc-
tion of which the boon of mercy is susceptible. It is,
indeed, a Siberian pardon to all his Imperial Majesty's
loving subjects, and well worthy to be recorded in the an-
nals of human kindness, if it were not unfortunately a
little frost-bitten by the keen air of the North. This pre-
cious specimen of forgiveness is concluded by a very'
apposite invocation of blessings upon every thing that
immediately concerns the interests of Russia, and a
fervent hope that all may prosper to the glory and
happiness of the Empire.
By the last news received at St. Petersburgh no
Sufficient information had been given of the motives of
the Persians for their irruption into the Russian terri-
tories, but the army of General YERMALOFF was
congregating for the immediate ccmuneneement of
operations, so that we may shortly expect to hear of
important events from that quarter
t. 'I4OSCOW, AUG. 24, (SEPT. 5.)
MANIFESTO OF HIS IMPERIAL. MAJESTY.

We, Nicholas 1., Emperor and Autocrat of all the
Russias, &c. &c. &c.—

With the aid of the most High, and surrounded with
the fervent prayers of our faithful subjects, we have to-
day, conformably to the example of the pious Mo-
narchs our ancestors, accomplished the august cere,
loony of our Coronation, and received the Holy Unction
according to the rules of our orthodox Church; and we
have resolved to signalise this solemnity by the favours
and immunities of which the particulars are annexed:-
1. All persons in office, and people of every condition,
who, up to this day, were under trial or subject to judicial
proceedings, shall be liberated, with the exception of those
who are accused of murder, robbery, theft, and venality.
This favour shall be equally extended to those whose crimes,
on account of the obscurity in which they are involved,
have not been, up to the same date, clearly proved by the
proceedings, provided they are not of the nature of those
above specified. It is to be understood, of course, that this•
pardon does not deprive those who are convinced of their
innocence of the means of legally justifying themselves, if
they desire it.

i. The same pardon is granted to all soldiers and sailors
except such as may be accused of the crimes above specified,
or of disobedience or insolence to their officers, or of having
deserted three times or oftener. Those accused of the
latter shall be exempt from judgment, and shall be incor-
porated in the companies of discipline of the Engineers,
without any other punishment.
3. Entire amnesty is granted to soldiers of all arms and
degrees, as well as to peasants and other inhabitants (ex-
cept Jews), who, without permission, may have quitted
their colours or heir abodes, or gone into foreign coun-
tries, and who within the term of six months, for those
who are in Russia, and of a year for those in foreign coun-
tries, shall return to their abodes, and (for the military)
shall rejoin their corps, or present themselves in the Go-
vernments to the commanders of the battalions of Police
soldiers.

Four to fourteen, (the last in 25 sections) grant re-
mission of debts to the Government under various heads,
fines, dues, Esc.; restoring to liberty those who are in
prison for non-payment of such debts, &c. The tax of
two rubles per head, on the inhabitants of estates which
.enjoy the privilege of distilling brandy, is abolished, and all
arrears remitted.

Fifteen, (itl-10 sections) grants facilities for the re-
payment of sums lent at different times by the crown, to
public bodies or individuals.
In grunting the exemptions, immunities, and favours
above specified,
our heart. May they be the pledge of our constant solici-
tude, for our faithful subjects—may justice and impar-
tiality preside over the tribunals—order and disinterested-
ness in the territorial and municipal administrations—
and liberty in commerce ; may the manufacturers double
be the guarantee of engagements ; may the inviolability
their emulation, and agriculture its activity ; may good faith
exert our efforts graduallY
of property be respected. ° But above all, may the fear of
Providence, guided by a firm will and incessant at-
God, in solid and patriotic education of youth, be the basis
of all hopes of amelioration, the first duty of all classes !
The accomplishment of these wishes is in the hands of
the Lord, But, while we submit with confidence to his
to
attain it, placing in it our oill/IconsolatiOn, the sole recom-
of our cares, and the 0 ject ofall
lltenivtiitoten,Pwroevsliali
not
cease
to
pence our thoughts and
all our actions. May Heaven grant that all the days of
existence may be so many
ourdays of happiness and glory
w.our dear country l .
Given in our Imperial residence at Moscow, the 2211
day of the month of August (Sept. 3), in the year
of our Lord one thouund eight hundred and
reign.
twenty-six, and first of our rei .
(Signed) NICHOLAS.
ST. PETERSBERGIT, SEPT. 11.
The news from. Georgia, brought by Count Samoyloff,
Aid-de-camp to the Emperor, does not yet afford the Go-
vernment sufficient information to discover the motive 01

the incursion made by the Persian troops into our terri-
tory, or to determine the nature of this attack. It appears,
however, that we are more and more authorised to see in
it the effect of a fanatical impulse, which perhaps the
Schah of Persia himself may not have been able to repreo.
Meantime the troop of the Sardur of Crivan, which had
crossed our frontiers, advanced but slowly. On our side,
General Yermaloff was collecting his army, and only
waited for the junction of all his troops to commence ope-

rations.

Frankfort Papers to the 23d instant, have been
received this morning, from which the following is the
only article worth extracting. It is only an episode
in the diversified sanguinary operations now going On
in the Levant. Till the Greeks have established a
Government strong enough to repel foreign aggres-
sion, it is idle to suppose that they can controul the
piracies of straggling vessels, which are often driven for
subsistence to plunder among the Islands of the Ar-
chipelago :

SMYRNA, SEPT. 22.
The Sardinian schooner the Pearl, Captain GuisePr
Lauro, which sailed on the 17th of June from Gibraltar,
with a cargo of coffee, sugar, cochineal, indigo, and Indian
silks, arrived at the island of Longa, at the entrance of the
the evening. On the 25th, in the morning,
Gulf of Smyrna, where it anchored on the 24th ofJuly,
schooner, which, it is said, was watching tbe 'noticing of
the American squadron, then at anchor at Wauriar, fired
a gun as a signal to the Sardinian Captain to conie on
sent
board, but the latter not obeying the Greek Captain)
two boats with orders to take possession of the Sardinian
vessel. They were received with a brisk fire of musketry,
and after having had four men killed, tacked about. The
a Ifydriot
Greek schooner immediately approached the Sardinian
vessel threw out grappling irons, and took it by
The Sardinian crew of fifteen men, including the CaPtein'
defended themselves bravely ; nineteen Greeks were
killed on the deck, but superior numbers prevailed over
valour, and the Sardinian c cut to 110_eCeof gip,
spew were
one wounded sailor, who was saved by the Hydriot",r
taro, whose gratitude held the arm raised to strike Info.
This sailor, it is said, had saved the life of the Captain'
who was at Constantinople at the beginning of the GrieVi
revolution. The Sardinians having been thus seise ° t'y
force, were sent to Hydra: the poor wounded sailor I"!
left on board. The Greeks threw him' into the sea ne.a;
with the
Tino, but he escaped by swinuning on shore,
assistance of a piece of wood which Providence threw on
Sardinian friete
the way. He is now on board the boading.
the Levant station, which, it is affirmed, sailed immediate
y
to Hydra.

_ .
It is with no small dismay that we
......—____--7-----......----........---
tion of our Readers to the termination of the Old
Bailey
committed, only three hundred were convicted, but 45
of these three hundred were sentenced to death. from
these facts
two important considerations arise ; first,
call the atten-
tion
that after alt the expellee to winch
how it the
ents,
country is put by its different police establishm
largiezora
teiallisenidasatr
fao,ft,prwisitoile:
the proportion of the convicted to the coun4ted ill
so small ; and secondly, to what causes so onotol'Y
this season of tributed.
t•
that the public distress is insome measure acc°llll
able, but still at mat is
hardly
cannot but tliii4: -le
dar of offences is swelled
by the Criminal Law itself?
tThliise
cdhiamsci
which mounts into crimes little ir which 'a
petty oneuees I
of a slight punishment upon summary
other countries are
such offender:
to claim coercionofthe civil as worthi
deemed not of sufficient magnitude
magistrate, or
only vietioe,
p line of a jail is not fitted for offenders 01
ctier, and it is now faro('forfromothe'bt tl i yearqa il 'l' eei sis
i ' I 01 it
inosY a basb:' il
-re
-I j tat nbt °.
1..
, when sentenced to incarceration, gene'
rally come out of prison far worse than they wog ilb
with habitual idleness to contend with, and all th°e
of
ideasand '
sentiments that the society of the inina.--
in eonfirille•
a.prison may be supposed to engender.
tion too of this opinion it may be observed, 01°, tv,')
punish offenders of this class by the coercion of Jaw
generallyserves to excite sympathy, and symPstil °n',
eon . ,
.excited, the whole moral effect of punishing en
n f the
in order to deter others from being gu"tY ;), of
like offence, is totally lost. The common 81 et
justiceguards wofhitehhetphuehCliconlishtietrtutyiotroi itnhteertpriT
England did not regard slight offences, sod jilted'
seemed to hesitate how it prostituted those finvsofe.
nensgo;
et
da
allown and
by
eev
exposure
usnp
o onsu
furtherrconviction
o fttlo e
d .offender
s the
th
iiein
it
usualuve fit :I"
ha:is:
p_tii ;vat
I-: t
dee lel.
the sues'
dorpettY,.os
proweassfivlelthe very grossest frauds were Mined auftry to
the hootings,
turnßu t hfroowme si, et
rtoPtie'Wei
tea to we coran
that the proportion of the question
' convicted
is so small. of pri-
We have already
consider
lost innsingsid abnteld:edtelireisiiiointiistgoofuo
Lhse,
:nne::: s p Icy re
said that the total number _.,,
Sessions smow..
soners for trial at the last Old B .1
-al e . Now.
ed to 800, of which only Y victed• 14
300 were coo orm OS
when we consider that every onesof these vu'ne ot
had undergone preliminary investigation at
, ilia°t ti I 0
other of our Police establishments, sou
it for
evidenceth adduced at the trials must Nearhavei,l,,eiug
e most part the same as that adduced on t"- 00;
before the magistrate, previous to comittal, we
he di,
we may reasonably wonder that a jury Undereot 000'
rection of a judge, should, in 500 out of Se
of the
come to conclusions so very opposite to tb°se to lA
committing justices. It is not our intention doer,
isrespectful to the gentlemen presiding at our oat
eat police establishments, but we feel bound to asYOOO
such a fact is prinul facie a strong reflectio,"_earwe
them, which it behoves them to consider ; int', ',,j'atbi•
nothing doubt, it will have ,due weight on thei)r,„l.. o,
From such a fact the publio must infer that Juvaly IP
fortunate persons - have been shut nu unk)-- ost
e • ae.
prison, for a longer or shorter space o time' .6,diel
whom there wasnothing to allege that could juno..o td
detention. Independently of the private injury groi
each of these unfortunate persons, there je' .litatal)
moral evil done to the public, for we think it .'s 00
to be expected that the incarceration of thin
can have tended to reform their manners, t.' `,',,,
n either
perhaps, their understandings may have been root c
on points of Newgate philosophy. So far as 8 Pie, 001
the Police Reports in the Daily Papers v" wish
us to judge, we have somethnes felt a little as. dit
fore the
ment at the issue of some cases brought be on, jiS
seen rrs
ferent offices. We confess we have allege'
charged who appeared to us guilty oft he crotietikoto,
against them, and persons committed whom
we
to 111$
entitled to be discharged; and we venture now

this observation, because we think the justice of it is
fully supported by the event, of the trials at the last
Old Bailey Sessions. A case has very recently oc-
curred no less extraordinary than the foregoing fact ; we
mean the case of Mr. Richard Archdall, who was
committed for trial, and two or three applications re-
fused to reduce the amount of bail required, which
was himself in 1,0001., and two sureties in 5001.
each, or four in 2501. each. On application to a Judge
of the Court of King's Bench, an order was made for
his discharge on entering into his own recognizances
for 5001. to appear and answer at the next Quarter
Sessions for Westminster. We cannot fail to be struck
with this circumstance, because we feel morally certain
the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench would
not have made this Order unless fully satisfied of the
entire innocence of the party of the offence charged, and
that there was no sort of ground for the abominable ac-
cusation. There is a mystery in this affair, .not very
creditable to his accuser, and, but for the respect which
is due to a Magistrate, we should say that there
must have been a remissness on his part in examin-
ing into the charge. We feel, however, called upon
to add, that we say this solely upon the event of the
application of the accused to a Judge, and that we
are unable to point out in what particular the remiss-
ness occurred. We conclude here for the present, but
we shall keep a sharp look out at the Police-offices, and,
doubtless, the Magistrates shall hear of us again if we
find them inattentive to the warning lately given them,
by Judge and Jury, at the Old Bailey.

From the New York Papers of the 2d September. We
have been favoured with the perusal of a letter from Bo-
gota, dated the 19th July, from which we make the fol-
lowing extracts, giving the details of a horrible murder in
that city
With feelings of the deepest regret, I have to inform you of the
death of our mutual friend, J. H. E. Fudger, Esq., the American
Consul, who was most inhumanly murdered in his own bed on
the night of the 13th instant : he was stabbed through the heart
with his own sword, his throat cut from ear to ear, and his trunks
rifled of their contents. Several persons are in prison on suspi-
cion, but our police is so defective, that I am afraid the perpetra-
tors will 'escape. His funeral took place the following day, and
was attended by a large concourse of citizens and foreigners.—
The inhabitants of Bogota sincerely mourn his loss, and regret
that their city has become the scene of so foul a deed. Govern-
ment has given orders to all civil and military authorities to spare
no exertions to discover the murderers, and Senor Ravenga, Secre-
tary of Foreign Affairs, is particularly active on the occasion. An
Address, signed by several hundred of the most respectable inha-
bitants has been handed to the Government, expressing their
grief at so horrid a transaction.

According to accounts from Vienna, the sudden de-
pression of nearly two and a hal/per cent. in the Austrian
Metalliques is ascribed to reports in circulation that
the whole of the Austrian Royal family will speedily
assemble together, for the purpose of specifically de-
fining the succession to the Austrian throne ; mental
imbecility in a member of that family rendering such a
Pleasure indispensable.
Others suppose that the heir apparent has become
inimical to Prince METTERNICH from his liberal prin-
ciples, and that the High Priest of the Holy Alliance
has contrived, or is endeavouring to contrive, to prevent
his accession. If so, nothing is more plausible than
an imputation of mental imbecility supported too,by
the undoubted experience of such a discerning member
of the Sanitary corps as Prince METTERNICH—the
unrivalled professor of liberal principle's, with their
" chains and slavery !"

MR. JOHN WILK.% JUN.— This Gentleman
applied yesterday at Guildhall, to Sir JOHN
PERRINO, for a warrant against the Editor of the
Times newspaper, for a libel. Sir JOHN heard what
the complainant had to say, but declined granting a
warrant. The libel complained of appeared ifi the
paper named, in the shape of a letter.
This is another unerring proof, if any were wanting,
of the sanity of the Honourable Member, and thy ex-
tent of his legal abilities.

Our Readers will be convinced, after looking at
what occurred at Bow-street Police Office yesterday,
that there is no portion of our jurisprudence which re-
quires emendation more than that relating to mad-houses.
It, is really melancholy to see the shocking barbarities
which these straight jacket men are allowed to practice
upon unoffenaing individuals through the instrumen-
tality of interested, relations, and greedy but disappointed
fortune hunters, who, failing, from misconduct or un-

worthiness to merit the esteem of their reputed wealthy
relatives, resort to the odious trick of imputing
madness to them, and then have their feelings out-
raged by the intrusive presence of ruffians, till they are
really alrected in their minds. The public have
no idea to what extent these abominable practices
are carried on in secret, but the enormity of their
amount is tremendous. .vvi
at is m'ore eag y than for
wily individuals to entrap unsuspecting persons, and
hurry them off to the keeping of private bed-
!mites, who ask no questions, provided they are
well paid. But in saying this we do not mean
to insinuate that there are not a great number of most
respectable individuals keeping private receptacles
whose characters are above reproach, and even sus-
picion. We only lament that such facilities should be
allowed to worthless and designing men, without a
corresponding check upon their conduct, and a punish-
ment sufficiently severe to deter similar conspirators
from practising such outrageous attacks upon the
persons, lives, and fortunes of men living in a free
country, and under the especial guardianship of the
laws.

It io reported in the City, that the Vice-Chancellor, in his
haste to visit Naples, actually forgot to sign his various judg-
ment% prior to his leaving this country, which, if true, will prove
of serious injury to the suitors in that Court, and cannot but be
attended with great inconvenience to all parties.

bovEtt, SEPT. 28.—Arrived from Calais'his Ma-
jesty's packet Spitfire, Captain Hamilton, with her
Excellency the Countess De L'Alcudia and her (sillily,
who proceeded immediately for London to the residence
If her husband the Spanish Ambassador. The Right
ir,"' the Earl of Liverpool will hold a Sessions for
,uover Hsrbour on Monday next.
