GREECI'.

The Austrian. Observer and some other Jour-
nals have frequently predicted, the annihilation
of Greece, and recorded the glorious trophies of
the Mussulmans. They followed, with inex-
pressible pleasure; the traced' of devastation that
marked the passage of the Asiatic hordes des-
tined to quench in blood• the flames of insurrec-
tion, and to raise again, on the smoking ruins of
Athens, of Corinth, and of Argos, the standard
of oppression and barbarism.. Even after the
massacres of Constantinople and Smyrna, nay,
after the horrible catastrophe of Scio, the Aus-
trian Observer lauded the clemency and humanity
of the Turks. All those who deplored the mis-
fortunes of Greece, who endeavoured to procure
them defenders among the Powers of Europe,
were treated as Revolutionists and Carbonari ;
and, what posterity will scarcely credit; the in-
terest excited by the heroism of a Christian people
contending for its religion and:its liberty,., is al-
most become a title of proscription !! . •,
Greece, 'however, abandoned by the West,.
Greece left to her own exertions, has falsified
the prophecies of the Austrian Observer and her
other enemies ; she has defeated the hopes of
the Turks, and their faithful friends. The Greek
nation still exists ; it exists full of courage and
energy ; the pride of the Crescent has been
humbled by the triumphant emblem. of Chris,
tianity ; Turkish ships in flames, and Mussul
man armies flying in every direction ; suchis! the
" spectacle now exhibited in the classic regions
where Sophocles lived, and Leonidas died.
How was it possible to mistake the causes of
so general an enth,usiasm, so noble a devotion,
and to attribute to dark intrigues tire voluntary
and sublime rising of a whole .people,: tired of
infamy and slavery, and seizing again- by force,
that independence which force alone had taken
from them? and what. social compact could sub-
sist. between v. nation doomed to slavery, de-
! spoiled of the legitimate rights of humanity, and
its barbarous oppressors The real causes of the
general insurrection of the Greeks are ably point-
ed out in a work recently published at • Paris,
under the title of ", Ilistoire des eviwemens de la
Greve;" &c. the author of which, M. Raffenel,
was a long time attached to one of the French
Consulates in the Levant, and was an eye-witness
of the facts recounted by him, and whose veracity
cannot be called in question.
The great interest first shown for the cause of the Greeks,
says M. ll:aft-end, was truly noble and legitimate : it sprung
from a Profound sentiment of gratitude, strengthened by the
Most lively compassion. Formed in the school of their ances-
tors, could we remain insensible to the misfortunes of their de-
scendants ? Every thing brought to recollection our sacrel obli-
gations ; the arts, sciences, and letters, all gifts of ancient
Greece, ought they not to excite our solicitude in favour of
modern Greece ? Too long have we been fated to deplore its
misfortunes.

I have seen, I'have known this unfortunate people when
they were •groaning under the weight of oppression ; I have
passed through their deserted towns, and my heart was overcome
by irrepressible grief. Amid the eloquent relics of antiquity,
under the august shades of the Parthenon, of that Temple
dedicated to the tutelar Goddessof Athens, I have seen Greeks
die beneath the blows of the barbarians; and that venerable

ruin, the silent depositary of so much glory, while the city of
Minerva still held the sovereignty, seemed itself to share-the
shame of its decline. Near the majestic statues on which the

chisels of Phidias and Praxiteles had recorded the high deeds
of their times, my eyes beheld with grief the miserable hovels in

which vegetated, in cowardly degradation, the servile posterity
of heroes.

Among the causes which produced the Greek
nsurrection,and which are enumerated by the au-
lior, is the increase of trade in the islands of the

Archipelago. During the long wars which follow-
ed the French -revolution, the trade, denominated
le caravane, carried on by France, fell entirely
into the hands of the Greeks. They sent to sea
under the protection of the English, a multitude
of vessels, and their adventurous spirit increasing
with their wealth, they entered into large com-
mercial speculations with the most fortunate suc-
cess. Vessels without number were launched
from the dock-yards of Hydra, Ipsara, and
Spezzia.

With the extension of commerce, the want of
instruction was felt, and the light of knowledge
soon began to spread among the rich classes of
society. Public schools were instituted, and fre-
quent communications with civilized Europe aug-
mented gradually their stock of useful know-
ledge, and rendered more irksome and onerous
the chains of barbarism. An event, which at
the time caused a great sensation, had already
inspired the Greeks with the desire for and hopes
of liberty. I allude to the alliance which the
Empress Catherine entered into with them.—
Their first attempts were unfortunate; the period
marked out for their deliverance by Providenc'e
had not then arrived ; and Russia, after having
seduced, the Greeks to insurrection, abandoned
them to the implacable rage of the Divan. They
expiated in various forms of death and torture
their love of liberty; and the yoke of oppression
weighed more heavily on them ; but this noble
sentiment, which lived in their hearts, resisted
the cruelty of their tormentors, and only waited
a favourable occasion to burst forth with renewed
energy.

Noiwithstanding the base desertion of Russia,
the Greeks still looked towards that Empire
with hope. There is no doubt but the imme-
diate cause of the Greek Revolution was the mis-
understanding which existed between Turkey
and Russia. When the standard of insurrection
was raised, the Greeks fully 'expected that the

successor of Catherine would grant them his as-
sistance.

EVery thing, at the commencement, observes M. Raffenel,
concurred to strengthen this opinion ; a Russian General was
sent among them.; the Russian Consuls in the Ottoman Em-

pire were chosen from among their brothers in religion, their

countrymen : and the Ambassador himself, M. de Strogonoil;
warm)), espoused their cause at Constantinople. These surely
were enough to encourage strcnag hopes ;• more especially

when they possessed in the Ministry of St. Petershurgh an all

powerful friend, the confidant of the Monarch, M. Capo

d'lstrias.

According to this statement, justice would
seem to demand that Russia should, by her in-

tervention, effect the deliverance of Greece 1
policy has decided it otherwise. The fate of the
Greeks was confided to negociations, the length
and numerous vicissitudes. of which gave the
Divan time to prosecute its plan. of extertninatini
a whole Christian nation ; " proscriptions W
massacres recommensed ;. and, but for the mg'
nanimous resistance of the liellenians, modern
Greece would have found its grave under its
ancient ruins.
The recital of personal combats, sieges, 0(
battles in which the Greeks displayed so nnicli'
1
intelligence, courage, and intrepidity, excite $
lively interest, which is still further enlianci
ed by the talents of the historian, and the
places theniselves where those events occurred.
The names of Marathon, Theemopylm, platce3l
and
,Salamis, undistinguished by deeds of 0011
.for many centuries past, have just obtained fresh
honours; it is the genius of Greece, which frail
the summit of the Parthenon, calls to her come°
defence the descendants of Niltiades, of Aria'
tides, of Epaminondas ; it is liberty again that
contends against the despotism of Asia; it ig
also on, the waves which bathe the shores of At'
tica that the first shouts of victory have again
resounded. And to finish this parallel, a heroine/
worthy of the best times of antiquity, the bare-
pid and generous Bolbina, had valiantly fought
,among its warriors.

Gifted with a noble character, says M. Rafrenel, this IsaY
belongs to one of the first families of Spezzia. Her husband
had been torn from her arms by order of the tyrant of Constar'
tinople, and, undg false pretences, was put to death. Th'''
cruel act plunged her into the deepest grief, and inspired lief
with an implacable hatred against tyranny. A widow and'
mother, and possessed of a large fortune,' for nine years she de-
plored her irreparable loss. The revolution that broke out 10
to her the signal of vengeance. She armed and fitted out, °,
her own expence, three vessels ; and, Amazon like, she toy
her station among the captains of the Greek fleet, determirea
to fight with their.. Neither the dangers of war, the perils °f
the sea, nor the fatigues of so hard a service, nothing could
daunt her resolution. She assumed in person the command of
one of her vessels, and carried on board her sons, who are still
very young, and said to them on embarking—." My children•
the barbarians agaira,t whom we are proceeding to fight, mur-
dered your unfortunate father ; you must with me avenge his
death." From this period Bolbina has set her children an
example of warlike virtue, and contempt of death. Her n 3.
belongs to history and poetry.

The heroic scenes to which I imve adverted
cannot fail to animate every generous bosom with
the strongest interest in the cause of Greece, aoa
to inspire the most ardent wishes for its success•.

Nom—Since the above was written, details of further sa.•
vantages obtained by the Greeks over their oppressors, both bl
sea and on land, have been received • and, what is still mom
inportant, there is reason to believe that England has at lengu.,
granted her powerful aid to their cause.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.
For the Letter on THE CLE RGT, see our Fourth Page•

ST. JOHN.—Holiday at the Bank, Exchequer, East Indil
and South Sea Houses.

PRICE OF FOREIGN STOCKS IN LONDON, DSc. '26'
AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Five per Cents. 89. ;•, ~., .- . _ •
Six per Cents. 00.
Russian Five per Cents. (Metallic) 00.
Ditto New 83.7
Neapolitan { Five per Cent. Bondi, 76/.
Scrip, 00. • . -:. :. ,
Austrian Five per Cents. (Metallic) 00
Five per Cent. Bonds, 61.
Spanish New Ditto, 54i.
Scrip, ftiligt.
Prussian f 'Five per Cent. Bonds, 8.5 j.
1 Ditto New, 86.
Danish Five per Cent. Bonds, 91.
Chili 73. •
(Old Bonds, 00.
Colombian Six per Cent. Bonds, 63i.
(Ditto Scrip, 00.
New Loan, 77.
Bank Shares £2l 10s.
American Six per Cent. 92-93.
' Five per Cent. 981.
Three per Cent. 76i..

French

Peruvian

PRICE OF IRISH STOCK, DEC. 24.
Bank Stock 250 op. Grand Canal Loan, 4 p.ct. ---
Gov. Deb. 33 per cenr 93 ______Ditto 3 per cent....
Stock, 33 per ct
-Gov. Deb. 4 per cent...... Royal Canal Stock
Gov. Deb. 5 per cent. — Wide-street Cert. 6 per ct• ":„,
—Stock, 5 per cent. — Do. Deb. with Gov. Sec
Treasury Bills, 5 per cent. Pipe Water Deb. 5 per ct. --
Ciiy Debentures, 5 per Do.
cent.
Lying in ...-
Lying Hospital 4 per ct. ,5 per cent.
Exchange on London, Dec. 23; BA.

LIIOI-1 WATER, AT LONDOZ
Morning, 30 minutes after 1.

BRIDGE TO-MORROT
;E vening, 56 minutes after ,•

THE SUN.

SULEM QUIS DICEICE FALSUN ALID. EdT

LONDON,
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1822•

[FROM A CORRESPONDENT.]

STOCK EXCHANGE, Half-past Tredve
Owing to the pacific accounts from Park, the
above Market has rather improved this moruiria'
Consols opened at 80-1, and went up to 4- 1 1.1
and up to this hour they are 801. Wednesdai
being Cliristmas day, of course there was t'e
express with the French Funds, but it is said that
a private express is in town dated that'dayl,34
the letters state that the Parisians are beeerrle
sick of the many reports which had of late Pre-
vailed merely for Stock-jobing purposes, aud
is now credited in the above capital, that even-
tually a peace with Spain will be the result.

FOREIGN FUNDS.--There is not mug!' doing'
this morning in the above Market. SPanisil
opened at 641, went up to I.

The' accounts from Spain, given in the
which represent MINA as having suffered great
disasters before Urgel, are gross exaggerations/
if they are not wholly unfounded.
The following confirmation of the "'Tat
triumph of the Greeks represents their victory

as hay

first s
their

Coucpi

"AN

lago has

Greeks.
While gt

that mot

sea and

to Anat.(

manded
4C As

as at firs

at Hydr
amount

ship and
frigates,
away or
the hart

were abi
