movement, after having lost more than too men.

GERONA, AUG. 13.—0 n the 3d instant a poor
madman disappeared from this city, and on the .sth,
presented himself to the most illustrious Junta, deli-
vering to them certain proclamations and papers in
Wench and Spanish, with the following letter :

ARMY OF THE EASTERN PYRENEES.
" Head-quarters !More Gerona, Aug: 5, 1808.
To the 11iembers composing the Junta of Go-
vernment in Gerona

. . .
GENTr..t;MEN—His Excellency the General in
Chief D&HESME, having hitherto dismissed to their
homes, without any injury or hurt, all the peasants
whom his soldiers have brought to him, though they
pave been for`the most part taken with arms in their
hands, he has given me orders to'restore to your city
this man, who came out ofit the day before yesterday,
and Liss been taken by the advanced gUards. Though
every thing indicates that this person has cone forth
i,vithoht the walls as a spy, or to disperse proclama-
tions, yet the principles of humanity which charac-
terise his Excellency the General in Chief, haVe in-
`duced him rather to permit one guilty person to es-
cape, than to punish' a man who is, perhaps, inno-
cent. Ori thiS account he hasiordered me to send
him to you, and 1 beg you, Gentlemen, to acknow-
ledge the receipt of this.' I have the honour, &c.

•
DEVAL'X, •
" Chief of the Staff, and Major General
of thc•besieging Arm}."
The illustrious Junta of Gerona having considered
the preceding Letter, and the printed papers which
~.vere to be insinuated along with 'it, resolved to
bend them back accompanied with others, which
should giVeinformation to the French army as to
kvhat, they were perhaps ignOrant of, and that they
Might know as soon as possible,' that the Spanish
Nation Was.very far from permitting itself to be de-
hided by their tantaStiC enclosing at the
same time the following Address
To THE GENERAL IN CHIEF DUHES3,IE•
' " GerUna,' Aug. 5.

-
" EXCELLENT SIR,—We admire the trait' of ,hu-
Inanity which your EXcellency has discOvered in
&ending back a fool, who, in consequence of insanity,
without any bbje&, fled from this city three days
ago; and whom, being examined, your Excellency
Could 'not have failed to recognise as such, knOrwing-
at the same time that your troops, in. the attack of
6rrioli, 'on* the 3d instant, aaed with the greatest in-
humanity towards two soldiers of the regiment of
Roias, and one of the Volunteers of 'Barcelona, who
baying alone surrendered, and being wounded be.:
sides, were murdered in cold blood, against every la'w
bf nations. ' ' •

iriCe the commencement of oar hor,tilities,
mare thqn hoe French prisorierS have been sent into
ihis place and remitted to 'the interior,- where, in
every instance, hu•nanity'and their.:nisfurtunes have
bell.r6Petzied: ; They' have been treated 'as religion
and Spanish generosity required.. The French Cum;
tassioaei Scuninv IT, your Aides-de•Camp, and

ether (Ace*, live and exist, and have been treated
conformably to their rank and character. They cart
inform you of the truth of what we now say.
" On the 20th of June, yonr Excellency attacked
this city, and particularly the suburb of St. Clara,
where several French soldiers remained prisoner 4
and wounded. They were concluded to the hospital,
where they were taken care of, and attended as if
they had been our brothers ; for Spaniards combat
their enemies. front to front, with arms in .their
hands ; but when they are wounded or disarmed,
they no longer consider them as enemies, but as
prisoners and christians. In fine, not a drop of
French blood has been spilt in this city, because re-
ligion and Spanish magnanimity are deeply engraved
oh the hearts of its inhabitants. If your Excellency
does not restrain the excesses of your soldiers, who,
befOre our eyes, burn, lay wai4e, and destroy our
harvests and our houses, carrying on war in a way:
unheard of, and hitherto unknown among civilized
Nations, your Excellency will have to repent of it
when it is too late."

Don FEANetseo DE MILANS has sent an account
to the Junta of this city, dated the It th inst. of the
attack which he sustained with the troops under his
command, frona the French in the environs of this
city. The following is a part of the relation :
" Yesterday evening- having advanced with my
troops to harass the enemy, aid seized all the points
which appeared to me convenient; I ordered one corn-
pany to attack them in their encampment. Our ene-
mies took to their arms, and, advancing against our
troops, they attempted to force the point three times
with infantry. Not being able to dislodge us, they
resolved to attack me upon the left, making a thousand
manoeuvres with their cavalry before they attemptedi
it ; but they were received with valour by a com-
pany placed there in concealment, which drove them
balck with great loss. At last, after having attacked
me on five points, the enemy was driven back, and
forced to make a hasty retreat, only three of our
troops being wounded. The officers and troops be-
haved with the greatest bravery, and Don JUAN CA-
RAGOL having distinguished himself, I have made
him my Aid-de-Camp."
Yesterday the Junta of this city received a letter
from General DUHESAIE, in which he says, " that
having received formal orders from his Majesty
JOSEPH King of Spain and the Indies, to keep in,
consideration the city of Gerona, in case of its
submission to his authority, with the assurance of
oblivion for all that has passed, whatever it may be,
I propose to your Excellencies that you should Send
Deputies to treat for the surrender of the city of Ge-
vona, otherwise I shall forthwith engage in the ope-
rations of a vigorous siege, which will commence
with the ruin and conflagration of the city. How-
ever much calumniated by many of their writings,
I am nevertheless persua.d.td,, that sensible and ,tvell-
meaning people, as also the soldiers' that are among
you, will do justice to my frankness, and to ,the de-
sire which I feel to prevent the misfortunes winch
impend over this unhappy city. .1 beg a prompt
answer from your Excellencies."

Tile General Junta of ibis city unanimously re-
turned the following answer :
" EXCELLENT SlR—The Junta has received your
letter of to-day : and they reply, by doing themselves
the lionoirrito inform you, that. from the moment
when this city devoted itself to the just cause, they
foresaw the evils which you threaten. They are not
intimidated, but abide with constancy by their first
resolution, and in the belief that, they do not want
means to defend it. God keep , your. ENcelleticy
Many years.

(Signed) " JULIAN DE BOLIBA,
ANTONIO ()WELL',
MARTIN D BURGUES,
NARCiSo DE BURGUES Y
DR CARAMANI."
" Gerona, August tz, 1808."

MADRID, AtTG. 30.—The General Direetory of
Posts and Roads, consisting of the Signiors. Don
MANUEL DE REVILLA, Doll JUAN DEL CASTILLO,
Don FERNANDO DE LA SERNA, Don JUAN CJARCIA
DE VILLA, Don FRANCISCO NOJUEZ, and Don JUAN
FACUNM) CABALLERO, have not acknowledged nor
sworn to the Bayonne Constitution. They have.
made a public declaration to this effe6t, for the
abovementioned Signiors being honorary Ministers
of the Supreme Council of Action, it might have
been believed, that they were included in the oath
taken by that Supreme Tribunal.
It was also omitted to be noticed in the Gazette of
the 16th, that neither did Don JUAN ARIAS DE
SAAVEDRA, Don MANUEL PEREZ DE LEMA, and
the Conde De GUZMAN, concur in taking that oath.
The Royal Council of Orders, on the 223 instant,
in the Church of S. Felipe Neri, assisted at a solenfn
mass. and Te Drum, celebrated on account of the
news of the evacuation and flight of the French
troops from the environs of Saragossa.
His Excellency the Baron DE STROGONOFF, Mi-
nister Plenipotentiary of 'Russia, meaning to absent
himself for a time from this capital,-has given notice
to all those who may have any demands upon him, to
deliver them in at the house of the said Minister, to
he examined by the Baron Mon Non Etm, Secretary of
Legation, who has
,full powers to that etfeet.

FROM THE OVIEDO GAZETTE, SEFT. 3.
Letter from Major PHILIP KRATINGE ROCHE, one of
His 'Britannic Majesty's Military Commissioners :
Addressed to Me Supreme Assembly of the Pro-
vince of Asturias.

" DIOST EXCELLENT SIRS,
" I feel it my duty to avail myself of the earliest
opportunity to acquaint you, that having on the
I3th ultiMo received a pressing solicitation from the
Suprethe Junta of Bilboa, requesting as well my.
presence there, as an immediate supply of arms, am-
tnunition, and money, I lost not a moment in inaking
the necessary arrangements to comply with their
wishes, and was fortunately enabled to get under
way frotil the port of Gijon, in his Majesty's Ship,
Seine, at day break, on the morning of the 14th fol-
lowing; having under convoy an English Brig laden
with atrabundant 'supply of,every description Aof mi-
litary stores; takitig alsuwith me two hundred thou-
sand dollars for the use Of. the' Province' of Biscay.
k;arly on the morning of aft') igit;,' we brought to
off the Port of Bilboa, and 1 instantly dispatched a
Spanish Officer with a letter to the. Junta, inform-
iug theM of m'y at rival ; but 4cign, to my great morT
tification, learned tjiat a French corps, to the 'amount
Of near five thousand men, was at the same moment
entering the town, having defeated (thotigh noi 'with-
out considerabilogs, and after a very spirited reiist

ar;.e) a body ,of about t,a-o thousand of the armed
inhabitauts.

" Under these circumstances, I- immediately
formed-the resolution of attempting to rally and arm
the pectple, :and with this view.disembarked at Cas-
tro, a town four leagues to the 'Westward; but the
enemy receiving information of my design, instantly
pushed forward their cavalry, and it was not until
the evening of the 22d, at -the earnest entreaties
of the MagisteateS and people, that I quitted the
town, the French having threatened to burn it to
'the ground.
"I'however brought Off .with me 2500 stand of
new Spanish arms, captured from the enemy, and
which I have the honour to present to thii Supreme
Junta.

The numerous atrocities committed by the
,French in Bilboa exceed all belief, and surpass in
their nature all the former aEls of murder, plunc'er,
and violence, which has stamped with eternal in-
famy the. French name through Spin ;„and will, I
trnst and hope, atStuate-every good Spaniard to pre-
for a glorious death to witnessing-a repetition of such'
disgrace to his country. I have the honour to be,
most Excellent,Sirs,

" Your respectful and obedient bumble Sqvant,
" P. K. ROCHE,
." One of his Britannic Majestx's Commissioners."

ADDRESS OF MAJOR ROCHE TO THE
BISCAVANS.

BRAVE AND NOBLE BOCAYANS,

" The eyes of all Europe are upon you—the mo-
ment of your deliverance is at hand—the sacred
flame of patriotism and of loyalty, so dear to every
Spailish heart, rapidly spreading over this great king-
dom, has burst forth in your enlightened Province.
Already are you panting to share with your
gallant and noble countrymen in arms, the honour,
of expelling from your territories the vile slaves of
the most ambitious Tyrant that ever disgraced .the
page of history ; who, under the sacred mask of
friendship, has dishonoured and dethroned your
King, and repaid the generous hospitality of the
Spanish nation by the cold-blooded murder of your
countrymen, the violation of your wives and daugh-
ters, and the plunder and robbery, not only of your
property, but of Your very temples.
" The eyes of all Europe and of the world are at
length opened, and it falls to the glorious lot of Spain
to give to future ages a lasting example and proof of
what a nation may do, determined to preserve its
independence and its honour.
England, ever the generous, the ancient, and
faithful friend of Spain, could not be indifferent to
the cruel destiny intended for you, nor to the gallant
and noble exertions you are making for your very
existence. She has, therefore, with the .charaCter-
istic magnanimity which belongs Co her, stood for-
ward in the hour of need and of danger, and with
one universal sentiment, from the King to the lowest
6f his subjeds, devoted to your deliverance the pow-
erful aid of her fleets, her armies, and her trea7.
sure.

" Ono of the humblest, bat not least zealous of
his Majesty's servants in your cause, has the honour,
by his Royal order, and‘in his Royal name, to come
amongst you, with the fullest assurances of his Ma-
jesty's gracious intentions of affording you every as-
sistance and supply you shall stand in need of ; and
already there is upon your coast a powerful squadron
for the prote&ion of your commerce and your shores.
If a Spaniard is to be found, so vile an egotist, as not
to fly, atthe sacred call of honour, to the standard of
his God and of his King, let him look to those na-
tions who have ignominiously submitted to the bon-
dage of the Usurpo',:and read in their degradation
the slavery and late irievitably.:prepared for his own.
H.Let him think not, that a shameful and criminal
neutrality will save him, or his Province, from the
gripe of this monster, who is familiar with ingra-
titude.

" Noble and gallant,Biscayans, preserve your an-
cient chara6ter- for bravery and heroism. Be true to
yourselves, be unanimous and faithful in defence of
your God, your King,, and every thing dear to the
heart of man.
" Let every man suppose, that the deliverance
and salvation of Spain depends upon his individual
arm; rely upon it; Providence seeing the justice of
your cause, will crown your exertions with victory,
and future ages will bless the‘Spanish name and na-
tion, as the saviours of the human rate.

" P. K. ROCHE."

ASTORGA, AUG. 27.—0 n the t t ill instant ar-
rived- here Colonel DOYLE, commissioned by the
British Government to conduct to this country Spa-
nigh prisoners, 3000 in number, who have beep in.
cotporated with our army. The same Otlicer - has
also brought with him complete uniforms, muskets,
ammunition, tumbrils, shirts, and stockings, for
10,000 men,.with 200,0001 b. of cheese, all of which
articles are already on their way to the army. A
million of piasters has also arrived in Corunna, and
an equal sum at Gijon, with 30,000 muskets, and
the necessary ammunition. , How striking is the
contrast in the conduit of the inveterate enemies of
the continent, and of the regenerators of Europe to-
wards us ?—The latter have repaid our alliance, the
iintnense sacrifices we have mildest() maintain it, and
the kind reception they experienced in our houses,
with robberies and murders, with the most horrid
profanation, and the abominable projea to overturn
our Constitttion, destroy our religion, and load us
with chains, in order to compel us. to serve their
wicked ends ; whit the former dispense to 14s their
treasures with a liberal hand, atford us all sorts of suc-
cours that we may be able to preserve our lities and
independence, and all that is most dear to man.—
Love and eternal gratitude to the generous Islanders,
the redeemers of Europe ! execration without end to.
the monsters of the human , race !—(Corres Politico
de Sulamano, of Aug. 25.)
TAR RAG2NA,AUG. be Di Tatci;kn trans-
mitted to his Excellency the Captain-General of this
Principality by Count De Caldagues, Commander
of the Ar►ny of Gerona, dated the loth inst. we
collect the following narrative of the details of the
glorious vi6lory acquired 'I3Y the troops composing
that artily :

" The- Count having received orders to compel
the French to raise the siege of Gerona, instantly
resolv"ed to carry theM into execution with his cha-
raeleristid gdOntry. 'He began his march, fOr this
purpose, from Martoreil ;- and being inforMed on
his route that'the enemy's force was not ,le3s than
from 7 to 8000'infa3iry, and ftom 8 to 900 cavalry,
with a complete tjtin of audibly, he procceblec.l

form a juna:on between such troops as be could
colleet from the. precintls of Viet], iVlanresa, Gra-
'toilers, and Tarrage, and those that were command-
ed by Captain D. Juan Claros, and who had for,
some time been occupied in annoying the separate
convoys which the enemy were conciliating from
France, by the way of Figueras, to Gerona. -On his
arrival at the town of pastella, he found that -he
could muster about 6000 men in arms ; and though
there were among them only about 300 veterans,
and but a few more that were formed into. compa-
nies of miquelets, he did not hesitate *a wotneut to
attack the enemy, upon a system adapted to the nay
•ture of his and their force. On the 75th, in the
morning, he reconnoitred the camp and positions of
Duhesme. Ttie fortress of Monjui, reduced to the
utmost extremity, could scarcely .hold. out le hours,
in which case the loss of Gerona would be inevita-
ble. He therefore. immediately issued orders tor an•
attack the next morning, according to the following,
plan :—Don Joan Claroi, who was posted 'at Los
Angeles with 2500 miquelets and peasants, was to
move from his position as soon as the advanced guard
of the main body came in. sight, and to attack the
Hermitage of St. Miguel, which was occupied. by
the French ; then forming his force into two or
three columns, be, was to proceed to attack the re-
maining positiOns 'of the enemy, until he dislodged
them frem the town of Carndura, and the adjoining
encampment. Here he was to maintain himself, ia
order to prevent the junetion of any succours which
the enemy might bring from Sarria and Pour Ivia;
jor, to draw off the attention of the troops occupied
in, the siege of lionjui, and thus to facilitate a sally
from the fortress ; whilst Caldagues should in the
r,nean time support these operations, by attacking the
batteries which played-upon Monjui in breach-and
in reverse.

" This meritorious Commander arranged his
march in four divisions. The first was under the
command of Don Francisco Milans, who, with 500
men, was to lead the van, and to serve as a skirmish-
ing party. To this division were attached 50 Royal
sappers, commanded by Don Honorato De Fleires,
and two field-pieces, under the command of Don
Diego De Latta; Lieutenant of the Royal Corps of
Artillery. The second division, consisting of 900
of the infantry of. Soria, and 948 ioiquelets, under
the command of Don Manuel Rodet, Captain of
Grenadiers. The third consisted of 743 men of the.
3d battalion of Lerida, commanded by Colonel Don.
Juan Baget, whose rear was covered by the two re!.
maining field-pieces. The fourth column, or thg.
Corps of ,reserve, consisted of 1145 men, with 145
grenadiers of the infantry of Bourbon in their van,
under the orders Of Don Juan O'Donovan, Ppm'-
mandant of the 3d battalion of the regiment of in'
I fantry of -Ultonia. Proceeding in this order, and
arriving within a suitat4le distance of the eneiPP
who were besieging Monjui, he ordered the division
of Milans to form two subdivisions, and to ascend
the mountain to the right and left; and that, at the
same dale, the 2d and ad columns should rapid!'
advance, both to favour the sally from the fortress.
and to pursue the enemy posted at St. Miguel, their
advanced parties, and - those who occupied the pass
and the eneamptnent of Camdura, who were then.
retreating before the troops of claws and after-,
wards to proceed against those who were pasted at
Sarnia and Pont Major.
"If the plan-was concerted with judgment l% d
foresight, the result most completely correspot",%
with it. All who had any share in executino. it 011,7
the most brilliant proofs of their skill andvvalor"ur"
The regiment of Ultonia, and the 9d-of Barcelona'
r
m
those irresistible warriors, under'
the coaiand 01
their worthy Officers .and valiant Chiefs, a Nat'
cisso de la Valeta and D. Henriqne 117,
tacked the enemy's batteries with thebayonet,
such ardour and celerity, that they scarcely gave thel
Peteated'an
enemy time to think of resistance. '
thrown into confusion in their Positiops, they pe-
rished or fled•under the impulse of the 'terror with
which they were struck by the valour of the above-
mentioned troops. A anoment of repose friduced.
them to return, in order to reconquer what they had
just so ignominiously lost ; but in this they were &i•
appointed by the opportune arrival of the second di-
vision ; and on the advance of a small party of
the
i grenadiers of Soria, under the command of the
brave Lieutenant D. Tadeo Aldea, who received.*
glorious wound, the enemy retreated. Beaten at a':,
points, they precipitately sought tbr safety ,in h€
centre of the plain of Sarria, on the other Side 01
ie
the river, and under the protection of the w-
ho of
their cavalry. In this description of force we wets
unibrtunately deficient, owing to the Govern'?" of
Majorca having refused to assist us with
ment of Spanish Hussars, who having been raised in
thc reg!"
time of war, having served with reputation, and be'
ing in a better and more complete condition than any
other corps in Spain, would, beyond afi doubt, hate
completely routed the enemy on this occasion ; ha,.
instead of this, the brave men who are so lavish of
their blood in the service of their King and CountrY'
groan under the misfortune of not having been able
to reap the just fruits of their heroism.
" The engagement commencedat seven inthe
morning, and lasted until late in the evening, when
there being no longer any enemy to tight, the Cotn
mander gave orders for properly garrisoning the
ferent points of defence, and for permitting the
,troops to repose themselVes. At day-break advit;
. was received, that the eoerny were retreating in t`-`.
divisions ; one towards' Barcelona, and the other to'
wards Figueras, the only points of rendezvous whi t
►
remained to them; leaving behind them considerable
quantities of powder, shells, grenades, balls, (11111.01 f
howitzers, mortars, muskets, wheat, and other or"-
Iles, the fruit of their rapine. Milans and Clan)s
are pursuing them hi their retreat, in the routes
which they have respeclively taken.
" Such is the result of this memorable day,' in
which the•troops, miquelets, and peasants have Co-
vered thendselves with glory. Gerona is deliitered'
Duhesme humbled--the garrison of Barcelona e%
tremely weakened—our troops flushed with an ar,:
dour suited to the ithantages they haVe Obiaine(!
and'the eagles of the Great Nat)oleon'laid prostrate
in the 'dust, *and besmeared with .the blood of his
legions. Though we have not yet received a det'aiieott.
atatemetit 'Of their 0
killed and wounded, we Fan ?,,6
Shively assert, "that on the tops and sides 1
mountains, in the dales, 'in the'vicinity of the fa!
houses, acid itl short in all directions, 'are to be sec:
the dead' bodies Frenlirnett.;' and, according _,l
the information received, they carried With tll,

thirty \yawns filled with the wouuded.

i

_i

" In a,:knol.Vledging in genttral the merit of all
those who cont ibuted to this glorious triuniph, and
their indisp table claims -to the gratitude of their
country, we feel it our duty to 'particularize the in-
dividuals who corornanded at tile different points of
attack, inasmuch" as their dispositions principally
contributed to the glory of. his Majesty's arms,- In.
this list we have to mention D. Nareisso dela 'Valeta,
`Commandant of the 2d of Barcelona; D. Francisco
Want; Del 'Bo,ch, Lieut.-Colonel of the- Garrison
Battalion of Ceuta; D. Juan O'Donovan, Command-
ant of the 2d ,—Rattaiion of Littonia\, D. ,Huurique
O'Donnell, Serjeant-Major of the same corps, who
has. been wounded ; D. Juan Baget, Colonel and
Commandant of the. 3d of Lerida ; Don Juan Claros,
a Captain on the. 'halt-pay; Don Manuel .Bodet,
Capetin of the grenadiers of the regiment of Soria ;
Don NianuelMootessitios, Captain of the infantry of
Estremadura ; Don Manuel Antunez, - Ensign in
the Spanish Guards ; Don Cosine Garcias, Brevet
Captain in the-Bourbon regiment of infantry; and
Don Tomas Garcias, Commandant of the corps of
Veguda : all of whom are deserving of their coun-
try's gratitude, and are entitled to the consideration
of your Excellency. I have also to recommend, in
a particular manner, Don Josef Alloia, Serjeaut-
Major of the Engineers, thing as Major-General of
the division he served with, and whose skill and
bravery most certainly contributed chiefly to its suc-,
cessful operation ; and, finally, Don Santiago
Nogues, Lieutenant in the regiment of Bourbon,
who adted as his Aid-de-Camp, and who with the
Utmost celerity, and amidst the greatest dangers,
"carried his orders to all points.'.'
Since the arrival of the above dispatches, his Ex-
cellency has received others from Hostalrich, Ma-
taro, Granollers, and - Calella, detailing various en-
counters with the fugitives on die road to Barcelona,
hi all of which they proved to be in a state of com-
plete disorder, and at every. step of their progress
Many of them paid the forfeit of their lives; so that
their dead, almost touching each other as they fell,
clearly mark out their track until their arrival at Bar-
celona, where, without knapsacks, muskets, shoes,
or even their orderly books, their remains, being
about 800, formed a junction with a corps which
advanced from Barcelona to prote& them in their
eight. Their passage through the country cost them
1200 men. Most assuredly
.they have good cause
tb learn, as is their pra&ice, all ..the turnpike and
bridge-gates in Catalonia, for we must do them the
justice to admit, that the toll they have paid has been
lather extravagant.
It is affirmed that Lecclii ordered the cannon
of Barcelona to be immediately fired, to announce
an event so fortunate to his arms.. Catalonia would
at this moment be completely rid of those mis-
creams, were it not for the walls of Barcelona
and Figueras, the only places of refuge for their
cowardice. But these strong holds will avail them
little Y the bravery of our army will speedily over-
come 'them.

Rrcirn the returns annexed to these dispatches, it
aPpears that our iess on the Ittit,l was, et the regu-
lars ieven killed and 3S wounded, and of the mique-
lets lb killed, 70 wounded, and 13 mi,sing.

SARAGOSS)V, AUG. 24.—The Captain-General of
this kingdom has received a dispatch, dateu the 22d
instant, trorn Count De Monrejo, General in Chief
Of the combined troops of Atragon and • Valencia,
stating his arrival the preceding- day,, with- Lis, divi-
sion, at Tildela, where Ferdinand VII. was proclanal-
ed With the utmost degree-of solemnity.
CARTHAGENA, AUG. 25.;'Tie Marquis de Ca...
rflaren la Real, Governor of this place, has giveh
pnblic notice of his having received a, dispatch, dated
the I.4th ult. front the Consul-General of Spaiti at
Algiers, infbrmingliiin, that, ten gallies,•carrying 24-
guhs, and a- xebeck of 4 guns, had sailed from that
174 to cruize between this quarter and the Straits,
or the purpose 01 capturing l'Ortuguese vessels sail-
ing undertheSpanisli Flag.

.A.Rjt MAILS.
rv-tia—t Gottenburgh,. 2 Dublin. Duz—z Waterford.

eceitois

• PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY A r TWELVE O'CLOCK.
- 65/ I Oniniutn - - . 2.1

Tll E SUN.

~_

401:11,M QUcs D'iCtltE PALSUNI AUDI. T ?

L 0 N D 0 N,
