DEVONSHIRE ELECTION.

TO THE ELECTORS OF THE SOUTHERN DIVI-
SION OF THE COUNTY OF DEVON.
GENTLEMEN,—The acceptance of an office under the Crown
renders it necessary that I should again appeal to the judgment
of the independent and public-spirited body by whom I have
been already three times elected.
Since the last of those elections, a period short in time, but
important in events and fruitful in consequences, has elapsed.
Placed, however undeservedly, at the head of the largest and
most powerful opposition which was ever united against a Mi-
nister of the Crown, I have endeavoured to make the influence
which that proud position gave me conducive to the interests
of the country.
The attitude assumed by the late Ministers, and their pro-
fessions in favour of reform, to which many, indeed the greater
part of them, had always been hostile, offered a tempting oc-
casion for invective and crimination. I have endeavoured, as
far as possible, to avoid that course. The Ministry of Lord
Melbourne had contemplated large and, as I believe, neces-
sary improvements in our institutions in church and state : it
was my first and main object to 'see that these reforms were
not endangered or obstructed in their progress by the late
Ministry.
In conformity with these views, Lord Morpeth proposed and
carried an amendment to the Address to the Crown, in which
a hope was expressed "that the liberal and comprehensive policy
which restored to the people the right of choosing their repre-
sentatives, and which provided for the emancipation of all per-
sons held in slavery in his Majesty's colonies and possessions
abroad, will, with the same enlarged views, place without de-
lay our municipal corporations under vigilant popular contronl,
remove all the well-founded grievances of the Protestant Dis-
senten, and correct those abuses in the Church which impair
its efficiency in England, disturb the peace of society in Ire
land, and loner the character of the Establishment in both
Countries."
With respect to the Municipal Corporations, the report of
the Commissioners, which has since appeared, has abundantly
confirmed the opinion of the House of Commons. It is clearly
proved by experience, that self-elected Corporations tend to
violations of trust, perversions of justice, the abuse of charita-
ble funds, political jobbing, and the injury of the communities
for whose benefit they were established. The true remedy for
these evils, in my opinion, was to adapt the principle of free
election, known to our ancient laws and established in the
Reform Act, to our Municipal Corporations. In this princi-
ple Lord Stanley and all the members of Lord Grey's ministry
cordially concurred. The late ministry, on the other hand,
confined themselves to a vague declaration of their willingness
to consider the report and reform abuses.
We likewise declared that we desired to remove all the well-
founded grievances of the Protestant Dissenters. In confor-
mity with this declaration, I voted for an address to the Crown,
praying for the
.grant of a charter to the London University,
where the conscienticus Dissenter might obtain the literary
honours which at Oxford and Cambridge are exclusively con-
fined to those who declare themselves members of the Church
of England.
With respect to the marriages of Dissenters, Sir Robert
Peel has introduced a Bill founded on a liberal and just prin-
ciple ; but, I fear, that if it were to pass in its present shape,
Protestant Dissenters would still feel that the line drawn be-
tween them and the members of the church tended to lower
them in public estimation. Some alterations in the Bill may,
perhaps, remedy this defect, but the establishment of a civil re-
gister of births, deaths, and marriages, would afford the best
and truest solution for all the difficulties of this subject.
In regard to Church rates, the agitation on religious subjects
of which these rates are the constant occasion, makes it in
every way desirable to abolish an impost which is at once a
grievance to Dissenters, and an injury to the Church.
With respect to the Church of England, Sir Robert Peel
did not hesitate clearly to declare his intention to correct its
acknowledged abuses. The opinion which I declared to you
in 1832 that the revenues of the Church of England were not
too large, but that they ought to be more equitably distributed,
seems no longer to be disputed. The application of this prin-
ciple must be regulated by caution, but not enfeebled by a
lurking desire to keep alive the seeds of abuses which we pro-
fess to destroy.
With regard to the Church of Ireland the case is widely
different. I refused to assist in making perpetual parochial
sinecures where the clergyman and his clrk week after week,
and year after year, formed the whole of the congregation.
Besides the general injustice and glaring absurdity of this
system, it is easily proved that the maintenance of these eccle-
siastical sinecures irritates the people of Ireland, weakens the
reputation of the British Crown abroad, and injures the Pro-
testant religion, which it is intended to promote.
Let us add to these evils that the present system cannot be
maintained except by a large military force ; which in case of
foreign war must of necessity be greatly augmented. Burden-
some to England, sanguinary in Ireland, disturbing the peace
of society, and injurious to the religion it professes to serve ;
no eloquence can recommend, and no talents can long main-
tain so vicious a policy.
In place of this system, I proposed that the surplus revenue
of the Establishment, after providing for the spiritual care of
the members of the Church, should be devoted to the educa-
tion of all classes of the people, without distinction of reli-
gious persuasion. It was my object to teach the poor and in-
dustrious classes that they have some interest in the Church
revenue ; to inspire them, by means of religious and moral
education, with the love of their neighbours, and a sense of
their duties to the State ; finally, to open their minds to great
truths, and soften their hearts towards the Government which
r t s them. Then, indeed, might the Protestant Church hope
to diffuse its influence, for it will be judged by its merits and
not by its exactions.
These were the chief subjects of debate, and some of them
of essential difference between the majority of the House of
Commons and the late administration. On some other topics
an agreement appeared, which must to many have been un-
expected. It was a constant topic of reproach to Lord Grey's
ministry, that it did not sufficiently relieve agriculture from its
burdens ; and the maintenance of the malt-tax was pointed out
as a glaring instance of this neglect.
Sir Robert Peel held a different opinion, and upon his de-
claration that his Ministry should stand or fall with the malt-
tax, it at once appeared that the clamour which supposed Lord
Grey hostile to the landed interest, and Lord Althorp indif-
ferent to the welfare of the farmer, had been a mere factious
cry raised without scruple, and abandoned without shame.
Nor does it appear that, had the late Ministry continued in
office, they intended anything further than the relief of the
land from some part of the county rate, to which Lord Althorp
had last year consented. The only measure actually proposed
by the late Ministers for the advantage of agriculture, was a
Bill for the voluntary commutation of tithes.
I have often stated to you that I do not think such a mea-
sure would be effectual, and I fear that in those cases where
tithe is most grievous, the remedy would be most inoperative.
To frame a measure just alike to the tithe-owner and tithe-
payer, is undoubtedly difficult, but I see as yet no reason to
abandon the attempt.
Such have been the views which have guided my conduct in
opposition to the late Ministry. In succeeding to office
shall endeavour faithfully to carry them into effect. By so
doing, I am of opinion that I shall be assisting to gather from
the Reform Act its legitimate fruits.
As one of those most deeply engaged in framing, proposing,
and carying that great measure, I am bound to declare, that
on the one hand I did not intend that it should be the first of a
series of organic changes, each exceeding its predecessor in
importance and rapidity.
Even were the changes meditated useful in themselves, I
am of opinion that the public mind, and the public energies,
will be far better occupied in considering and urging practical
improvements, than in squaring our ancient institutions to ab-
stract theory, or suiting them to foreign example. On the
other hand, I did not intend that the Reform Act should be a
mere toy in the hands of the people, without benefit to them-
selves or their posterity.
It was my wish to see the popular influence control and
check the exorbitant or corrupt expenses of the State ; to see
our institutions renewed and purified by clearing them of
their defects and restoring their original spirit ; to witness
the removal of all unnecessary impediments to free thought,
writing, and action ; to hear the interests of all classes weighed,
riot by the prejudices and partial affections of those who coun-
terfeited the people's voice, and usurped the people's inhe-
ritance, but by the legitimate representatives of that people,
summoned by the Sovereign to uphold that Monarchy of
which they are the formal support, and to be the image of that
enlightened nation whose confidence they enjoy.—l have the
honour to be, Gentlemen,

Your faithful and obliged Servant,
J. RUSSELL,.

If Mr. Rolfe should be re-appointed Solicitor-
General his seat for this borough will, we presume, be vacated.
We are informed, however, that it is under consideration whe-
ther, by accepting the appointment without the emoluments
usually attached to it, the-necessity of a re-election may not
be avoided. It is probable that Lord Tullamore will again
offer himself in the event of a new writ being issucd.—Fal-
mouth Cornubian.

The insignia of a Naval Knight Commander of the
Bath has become vacant by the death of Admiral Sir Robert
Moorson, at his seat, Cosgrave Priory, near Northampton.
The deceased Admiral was a very distinguished officer, and
obtained his last step of Admiral, July 22, 1830.
A large concourse of fashionables were expected at
Windsor to-day, for the purpose of joining the King's stag-
hounds. His Majesty, intended, if not to join in, at
least to witness the sport, and this circumstance caused a
more than usual interest in the sports of the day. Lord Ches-
terfield left town yesterday with a party of friends to superin-
tend the arrangements.

Too BAD.—To appropriate the result of another
man's labour without permission or acknowledgment is scarcely
honest, yet many of our contemporaries unscrupulously possess
themselves of our literary property. The latest piracy is
the seizure of " John Bull's Dilemma." The produce of
The Sun's columns are always at the service of our friends--
all we require is the just and ordinary acknowledgment of the
source whence it is procured.

In our obituary will be found recorded the death of
Mr. John Ludgrove, eldest son of Mr. Ludgrove, of Tewkes-
bury. The loss of this young man to society was occasioned
by a puncture he received in one of his fingers, while sewing
up a corpse, which he had assisted in opening about four
months before his disease.—Cheltenham Chronicle.

EXTRAORDINARY ESCAPE.—A short time since
a young man of the name of Pippen fell over the chalk cliffs
at Charton, in the parish of Axmouth, and after pitching a
depth of 150 feet, he rolled 30 feet more, and escaped so, far
without material injury, that he is now able to, walk :Abut
nearly as well as ever.— Western Times.
