THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE 0' CL 0 CK.
Our only arrivals this morning are French and Swedish
mails, with the express from Paris, and a Jamaica paper of
Aug. 1.

(From the Jamaica Dispatch.)
Mr. Baines, a stipendiary magistrate, a few days ago visited
Swansea and Thetford, in St. John's, for the purpose of ex-
plaining to the negroes the purport of the governor's late pro-
clamation, and the nature of the approaching change ; but the
negroes turned the explanation into ridicule, and at last he was
openly hissed, on which Mr. Baines caused four of the ring-
leaders to be seized, and sent to Spanish Town. An investi
gation of the affair took place before the magistrates, at which
his Excellency the Governor presided. Two of the men were
sentenced to receive 48 lashes, and the other two 12 each on
the estates.

SAV. LA MARR.--His Majesty's steamer Rhadamanthus laid
off the harbour on Saturday morning, and landed ammunition
and arms for the police, and a detachment of the 84th regiment.
From another Jamaica paper received at the North and
South American Coffee-house.
This being a day of general jubilee throughout the island,
the heart indeed must be callous that will not join in rejoicing
that so many of our fellow-beings are emancipated from the bonds
of slavery. Although we know this feeling to be universal, still,
in the midst of general joy, every precaution ought to be
taken to secure the public peace, as there are now some
wicked and designing men of a fair complexion in the island,
who would glory in viewing Jamaica one scene of general de-
solation, but they are watched, and will be exposed of detected.
The Governor's proclamation to the runaway negroes has
produced the most beneficial results • hundreds of these people
have surrendered themselves to the magistrates throughout the
Island.

THE .
Spanish continues heavy this FUNDS
morning, and opened at the
same price they left off, 54. The speculators are now waiting
the result upon the report of the Finance Committee in the
Chambers ; therefore it is not expected that any important
speculations will take place until the result is known. Portu-
guese 81 to 81k. Consols opened at the price they left off,
901 for Account.
HALF-PA S T- ONE.
Letters have been received this morning from Constanti-
nople, of the 26th ult. stating that the plague was making
great havoc in that capital. The French fleet had taken its
departure, and all was pacific.
We have seen two letters from Lisbon, but not of a later
date than the mail. They state that affairs look gloomy there,
and murders daily committed. Don Pedro was in a dangerous
state on the Bth inst., and was not expected to live many days.
Two steamers were on the eve of departure, under commo-
dore Henry, in the Spanish service, to cruize off the coast of
Spain against the Carlist vessels.
Spanish Stock continues very heavy, 5,0001. has just been
sold at 52A ;in the morning it reached 54. Portuguese is
also receding, may be quoted at 80g.
Consuls has been during the morning soi for the Account.
No further arrivals.

Mexican Stock is improving, owing to the last favourable
arrivals received from that capital ; and it is generally thought
that the Government is firm, and no more revolutions will take
place in that country.

THREE 0' CL 0 CK.

Consols for the Account, sq.

The opera of Gustavus has proved highly attractive
at the Cheltenham Theatre. It was performed on Friday for
the eleventh time.

The French Government reserves to itself the mono-
polies in the sale of gunpoweer, snuff, and tobacco, for the
retail of which persons are appointed with a brevet or privi-
lege. The revenue arising from these monopolies is very
considerable. Foreigners are permitted to bring into France
a small quantity of tobacco and snuff for their private con-
sumption • the quantity, however, depends much upon the
pleasure Of the officer of the douane of the port or frontier
town, and is considered as an indulgence and not a right.—
Okey's Digest.

REPEAL OF THE HOUSE TAX.--The bills for the
Government taxes have just been delivered, and they are in
general less than half of what they were last year, owing to
the repeal of the house tax. In Liverpool alone, the saving
to the public is 30,0001. per annum. This is a substantial re-
lief, and will be felt as such in thousands of families. The
Goverment taxes raised in this town, which last year amounted
to about 50,0001., now do not amount to more than 20,0001.
As Mr. Canning once said, "
The system works well, gentle-
men I"—Liverpool Courier.

MR. ASHTON'S MURDER.—This horrible trans-
action is, we are happy to hear, likely to develope itself, ere
long, through all its mysterious ramifications ; and that, by the
Spring Assizes, other and more guilty associates of those now
under sentence of death at Chester, will be placed at the bar
of public justice.—Stockport Advertiser.
