old system ;—and above all, it is-oh
step towards breaking up the mischievou4
ciple of monopoly by which all tradenand deal
in this country has been so long over riddealti
against which nothing but the security of?
petty, the impartial administration ofjustimill
general diffusion of knowledge, and the
fatigable industry of the great mass of our pop'
tion, could have enabled the British peo#l
bear up.
resNt,Vethceolmisetarcnatlnytille'eairntoefretsit',eagricultural ri
mcnalatuuinterest, the East India interest, the Wesoll
,
interest, and a variety of other interests, bat
seldom of that paramount interest whiehill,
bracing ALL, ought to be the only interest:o
sidered—the NATIONAL INTEREST. Egh,/:
thezeti
il ii it
:
parate interest is constantly seeking to AN::
and has too often succeeded in obtaining, it
legislative aid, some exclusive advantaged 011.
at the cost of its fellows, to the public ier
and sometimes to its own ;—thus, the trl
Corn is a monopoly of fancied, but more.'
doubtful benefit, to those who seek benefiifro!
it, since the real interest of agriculture'and ever must be that of the nation at large,
can never know any other solid basis.
;TheLatril
to the immense continent of India Wskel
late a total, and is still more than a ptTts`
nopoly ;—the trade to China is a momrli
lcononcne)polepenot
jelyoyaseodfitt a
hei s baleful ;—the WekP!--"1.1
o
great trade in ugar
total and still paosse
n:.
and entailing among other evils the
system of Negro slavery (the atrocities of 1/311
were but recently so ably exposed 1!1:,11
BROUGHADO, and the enormous ei.,
numberless garrisons and governments.
In. England very little is lefl to free atigt
competition, the public are scarcely 01107.0
know their own wants, and are rarely
fettered to seek their own supplies at 'tlllt,
markets ;—the spirit of monopoly, and a .
petty meddling regulations, infest everything;
descend to every thing ; all our institutioa 7,
become more or less tainted with the same 'r
the Church savours of monopoly,- physic.l
tends to its monopoly and jobs, and the Is!'
not exempt from the all pervading infhlOr
even riding in a hackney-coach is Ng°Latta°
the same principles, and is followbd by,!4.
results, namely, great additional east.
public, and little real benefit to the flOtli, h
(taking that as an instance) the state 0'
ell
ney-coaches and coachmen amply
man might ride from the Exchange t0..1
Park in a stage for a shilling, but the law OA
shall ride in a hackney-coach, pay three. 10
and sixpence, or walk ! ! By such meaPiiiill
public are in effect taxed far more hovill
.0
for the interest of the debt, or the public,.,
vice, besides suffering countless vexatioacr,l
annoyances, to which by these means they;
constantly as uselessly subjected. The v
which we complain, generated partly bYti!ui
pii
partly by the errors of our forefathersolll;o4l
serdi
ceiousng gdiscussion,overnments,
which we eoyfide
must shrtl bet
confident if ot
will lead to such remedial measures as 0'
redress.

*„
THE FUNDS.—(Tins DA Y•)
(+LOCK
CITY. TWEXVS "'—nd pert
Calcutta Papers to the 27th FebnlitY)
Prince to the 14th June, have been teeetvea at the
and South American Coffee-house.
(From the Calcutta Price Current.) t
In Cotton no sales have been reported gioce
quotation,, prices almost nominal. In lodigo 0
heard of no transactions during the past week, with,d
exception of a few auction sales, which have been Cep
very heavily ; the Hon. Company have ceased Pur,,ro.
but shipments to England to some extent are
Countiy piece goods have fallen from 10 to 15,Plei.
during the past week. In opium no transso!'°;k
been reported since the Honourable Comp pw
Friday last, which went off Nvith spirit at 1'
lower than the December sale.
European Goods—Twist has been in active
during the week, and prices still looking ol): Ir 4001
atca FC:coruwettit:ga.tlati:taPsniidoecaeLorrGinwdeatdoni—d4eali.B°°loof kop.roulto:Bri/it.:Bbsea.iroue to
06,
Several extensive conflagrations have occurred g-01
as usual, in different parts of the bazaars in ostil
gtng
have been destroyed. /1114
The Port-au-Prince Papers are void of interegt'f the;
was still a report there of a Spaniel) expedition °lwo.
men on their way to the east part of the Cool Di
e
gpwrasoreiiTekeute:nialosadneinvbanndefotanaidardirgndAgissarutegis::tueltigoitent:giAinngdegcoatyarhuneiinw:
e9Coacell; seitolconsouHets:alswi-w:zieon::t.ttor
, t 014;
yesterday at 931 i for the Account, opinLa gl`to'
There is a great scarcity of arrivals tide "7.40 t
eequently,,h as.yet we are without political ieffrio
The Foreign Market is very inactive, 0" -
prices are nominal.

ZNOLIIIII FUNDS ~e.
Bank Stock, 220 221 314 per Cent '`,lol,
India Stock, 246 147 3% per Cent. nolo% i
3 per Cent. Cons. 92 4 per Cent. Ig'S,_• 0
Do. tar itecount,92ivii India Bondsi r. gi 63
nit° Reduced, MX' ' Deohequer itills.
~ ek
W 0' CL ti' 1(1
We do not hear to the present time of of any 1.13 otiopo
Paris, therefore there cannot be any 043 ri.,;(11011 4'
the French Funds or news of consequence., --,400'l
be qunted 93 94 for Money, and 944 fOr the totiot!,/
Count, without the dividend 9ei l• There t ill
fluctuation during the preseut Account of ib°,u it 4''''
..
cent. Owing to the great abundance or .0,,„t. 1,
exactly known whether it is a Bull or Betr Ac3(loisi•
To the Foreign Market little or nothing jri"
Shares nothing doing; South Metropolitan Gl',
Phomix, 71 prem. , oCk
- —RA'S O'v

ZR.

--
Consols, 92k. -
IC9''
FOUR O'CLOCK.--CLOSING
Consols 92} 1 Danish 744
Do. for Ac. 921 Greek, 1623
Brazilian Bonds 73j Mexican, 1025
Buenos Ayres Peruvian
Chilian Do. Russian 1111
Calaasbian, 1824, 221 , Spanish 181

,oGTthhßeiaAseNl:diPd AmianTsioin----witais iii°i:::::
A thrownps_copeEya. ;
The
ksuinmgpdtoumoursorrogromans
pm
prt naenlypaeloNobility
dansidseGmebnitirnyg, bayt a pet
tel
nc trilf: ill
B,;:(glitfrir:j;
continued so for a length of time, Officers °. . 'rarew
grade, and ladies of the first rank and fashisoqii iii i
, which may vie with
returnedlia_iwi
sln,h,se i
dw company
eshietorye ass
ertrvpidv
eererojaudir,tenaonettfsat d:Ate.hdpess magnificence.
triheckyoe.nia.ipan:ronct:l eferi;
Acts;:tstl
upoth
i‘seveciejoli :iitiiii roiexi
10
1714,:e!,
and a band from the guards kept constantly 1'1°10,00110,4
thwitmreholenaaeroembdrrotiek.btawh:iwent
asid,edavotßassipini:cpiaaFitandbtaildittnyylliedititAuh.acpaiNeystih:itiatiearreoybcoyedrskedhnni.wyerailyouo:brvp.edeystio:trhpshverye.iewanuo:PozedpaD;Pruinieereolleiktellleant::ivt,,icieoteapii,_ors:i:ll:orivi:l4l:itrisid;:;t
The company had not separated at two -
hand was playing.
