A
•

WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW

INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
SATURDAY EVENING, MAY 19, 1838.

We have not space to give an analysis of the CHANCELLOR
of the ExcueQuna's proceedings on the Budget, and are even
obliged to defer till Monday ell the leading articles of
our Morning Contemporaries oe the subject. We shall
only express our regret, hut we feel no surprise, at
learning there is both an increased expenditure and a
diminished revenue. The deficiency on the last year, which is
fortunately provided for by the surplus of the preceding year,
leaving no outstanding debt, was no less than 1e428,0001. The
estimated deficiency in the present year for which the CHANCEL
LOR proposes to provide by an issue of Exchequer Bills,that is by
borrocing, is not more, happily, than 208,000/., provided his
estimate of the revenue and expenditure for the next year
be correct. We are willing to believe they are ;we have
unbounded confidence in the great resources of our industrious
people ; we are well acquainted with their unwearied spirit of
enterprise ; we know that there are no difficulties which they
cannot, when free, surmount ; but in considering the increase
of the national resources, we must remember that their limbs
are shackled, and that the prosperity which no external 7:aise,
no unfavcurable season, no hostile nations. 7-outd prevent, is
now stifled by their willing submis°7;ri to a murderous Corn-
law. The soul of all ir77;rovement is an increase of the
people. As the; 'multiply knowledge advances, enterprise
Opens new channels, employment is created, consumption
al_lginents, the produce of the Customs and the Excise yields a
continual increase, and a thriving revenue is a true index to
the prosperity of the nation. BA the very aim and
object of the Corn-law is to limit the supply of our food to
the quantity which can be grown in our own narrow country.
It starves population out of existence, checks the progress of
knowledge, blocks up enterprise, cuts off employment, cur-
tails consumption, diminishes the produce of the Customs and
the Excise, and shows in the decreasing revenue how the
boi;v-strng of the stupid and wicked Tory landlords and Tory
politicians is gradually strAngling the natural prosperity of
our enterprizing people. It both impedes industry at home
and promotes manufacturing industry abroad, and not only
limits our resources absolutely, but enhances relatively those
of other nations. As long as this great fetter is kept on the
national industry, we cannot, anticipate any return of prosperity,
and an unfavourable season will destroy all the CHANCELLOR
of the Ext'nEQuEit's hopes. Appearances now indicate a li-
mited supply, enhanced prices, and much curtailed con-
surr4;',,,on.
We apprehend, also, that Canada will continue to be very
expensive ; coercive policy is always dreadfully costly.
Though the conduct of the present Ministry towards that
country be the inevitable consequence ef former neglect and
former oppression, that cannot make it otherwise than very
costly to England for some time to come. We are fearful,
therefore, that both the anticipations of diminished expendi-
tu,-e and increased resources may not be well founded. The
'caries lea!: resolved too, it appears, that measures of con-
for Ireland shall not be pass_d. The patience of
the Irish will probably not stand the trial, and we can
only anticipate increased expense, from the justly increased
impatience, under great suffering and great privations of the
Irish. The Tories and the Church, whose influence over the
agricultural population of England is so much to be deplored,
seem resolved to provoke a civil war in Ireland, rather than
abate the nuisance of the Irish Church. Here is another
source of increased expense.
If the CHANCELLOR Of the EXCHEQUER cannot reduce the
expenditure by 500,0001., which good will might perhaps
ac-
complish, he must, we presume, be permitted to borrow
enough to cover the deficiency of the year. At the same time
it is proper to remark, that he will borrow from the Bank of'
England, which, in return for Exchequer bills bearing interest,
n ill lend him other bills—or " promise to pay"—which never
ere paid ; and by which the Bank borrows of the public that
money at no interest, which it lends to the public at a consi-
derable rate of interest It makes the State continually pay
for the privileges the State confers on it. We refer to the
speeches of Mr. WILLIAMS, Mr. HUSIE, and Mr. GOULBURN,
I ,r an exposition of the waste of public money, which is caused
by the Treasury bolstering up the Bank of England.

The Address of Colonel WEBB to the Electors of the City
of Gloucester will be found in our columns of this day, fol-
lowed by the Resolution thereupon of the•Anti-Slavery Com-
mittee of that City. Conjointly considered, these documents are
worthy of the serious consideration of every Member, supporter,
nnd friend of the present Cabinet. Colonel WEBB is less dis-
tinct in the expression of his political opinions than the Hon.
Captain BERKELEY—he positively refuses to be returned to Par-
-1 ament fettered by pledges of any description—and yet, because
lie has " proved himself the enemy to Slavery in all its
shapes"—because he hesitates not emphatically to declare it
PS his opinion, " that the Negroes in our West India Colonies
are held, at the present moment, under the name of appren-
ticeship, in a state of cruel bondage," the Anti- Slavery Com-
mittee, in unison with many of the most active Reformers of
the City of Gloucester, have deliberately pronounced the
Gallant Colonel's Address to be perfectly satisfactory I As
regards the Slave question, it is entirely so to us. There is no
pledge to vote given, but there is a solemn one im-
plied ; and that from a man of Colonel WEBB'S high character
is amply sufficient. The candidate from whom it would be
necessary to exact a more distinct pledge upon any question
than that given by Colonel WEBB, in support of any measure
for the immediate extinction of slavery in every shape and
form, would be unworthy of a seat in Parliament. But this
is not, at present, the point to which we would direct atten-
tion. What we would impress upon the Members of the Go-
vernment is the astounding fact, that the question of slavery
alone is made to decide the election in a city so liberal and in-
fluential as that of Gloucester. It is not demanded of
Colonel Wenn whether he will, or will not, support
the Mataocasta Cabinet—whether he will or will not
extend the elective franchise, and oppose the doctrine of the
finality of the Reform Bill—whether he will or will not vote
for the eradication of abuses in the Church—whether he will
or will not advocate just measures suggested by the conscien-
tious scruples of the Dissentei a—whether he will or will not
endeavour to effect the reduction of taxation, the removal of
restrictions upon trade a,.d commerce, and the reform of our
civil and criminal judicature. All that is sought, all that is
desired, is the single pledge to vote for the immediate and
unconditional extinction of slavery. This is a pledge which
the Tories can now give without any scruples—
those which they once entertained having been, for
the most part, removed by the pecuniary liberality of the
Whigs. The twenty millions have satisfied the conscientious
misgivings of the Bishops of LONDON and EXETER ; and Sir
ROBERT PEEL, has had the precaution to throw the blame of a
breach of the implied Parliamentary contract upon the Plan-
ters. Ministers alone have been weak enough to signalize
themselves in opposition to the good sense and good feeling
of the country upon this question. They have not only voted
for the perpetuation of oppression, but they have had the folly
to exert their official authoriry in chastisement of the righteous
secession from the ranks of a member of her Majesty's household.
The City of Gloucester furnishes a speedy example of the results
that may he anticipated from such mistaken policy, if longer
persevered in. Should the Cabinet persist in opposing the
immediate abolition of slavery, and the whole country make it
the decisive question at every forthcoming election, the fate of
the Cabinet is scaled. Happily in the present instance
Colonel WEBB is a staunch Liberal ; but had he been a Tory,
and an abolitionist at the same time, the Liberals of Gloucester
would have felt themselves hound to vote for him.

It will be seen, by a reference to a correspondence in ano-
ther column, that the Post-office authorities have so far re-
laxed an absurd regulation, is to permit Newspaper Agents to
print their names upon the covers of papers sent out of Great
Britain. Under the old system returned papers were sent to
the offices of the printers, and thus a palpable fraud was neces-
sarily committed upon the ♦enders, whose property they were.
The object, of course, was to secure a monopoly to individuals
belonging to the Post office, who undertook the supply of all
newspapers sent out of the country.

Defeat could not be more decsive than that which the Op-
position sustained on Tuesday. They chose the most vulnerable
point of attack ; they mustered their whole forces, and, by
means of a feint, attempted to take the Government by sur-
prise, yet failed by a greater majority than either they or
Ministers anticipated. To prove how much better one party
was prepared than the other, we refer to the list of Members
absent without pairs, and find that, out of eighteen, only six
were Tories, namely, Mr. G. J. HEATHCOTE, Sir G. HEATH-
COTE. Mr. WILSON JONES, Sir GEORGE NOEL. Mr. W. LONG,
and Mr. MAckt:sNoN. There arc, however, four douttfuls in-
cluded in this list, who are, perhaps, impr, perly classed with
the Tories. The two LENNOXES cannot be called doubtfuls,
as they generally support Government, except on the ques-
tion of Appropriation. Every Tory, in fact, that could either

_ . .
walk or ride, came to the muster yet they fell short by
teen of their tipponetith. The dthef twelve ibserit without
pairs Are all good Whigs, Or go'incilllng vote with
Ministers on all other important rluestions; By this division,
the Liberal party, therefore, *now their strength to a
man, and it stands thus—present 31f, absent; paired
off, 9, absent, without pairs, 12—making altogether
without the SPEAKER, 340; while the stren,-,th on the other
side i 5 315; 1e..7.71iig a Clear majority of 25. With such a force
what can either Sir ROBERT PEEL or Sir GEORGE SINCLAIR
do, till after the Coronation; when some keen contests will
take place to supply the places of those members raised to the
Peerags ? The result of these contests will depend much on
the conduct of Ministers in the mean time ; and as they
now know to their experience that no terms are to be kept
with the Tories, vfe confidently tiTt that they will consult
only the wishes and interest; of their real friends. We can
tell them that the great watchword then will be the "imme-
diate abolition of slavery," and that every Tory that comes
forward as a candidate will pledge himself to vote for it.

A paragraph hart gdrie, the retina of the papers, copied from
the Leeds Mercury, stating that the last meeting of the Anti-
Slavery Delegates, assembled in London, wOtild tahe place
this day. There is not, we are authorised to say, a word of
truth in it. The Anti- Slavery Delegates will only ceae to
meet when Slavery has ceased to disgrace our Colonies
Their last rheeting will be held when the Government shall
have abolished the Apprenticeship nysfetti—,-bia Oettainly not
sooner.

The Paris papers of Thursday have all been received. We
extract from aalignani's Messenger the following paragraph :
" It is with regret we announce that the illness of Prince Tadeyrand
has assumed an alarming character: The following bulletin was issued
by his medical attendants yesterday evening ;—' The Prince has parsed
a very bad night, arid is exhausted from pain. The fever is still high,
the wound very Painful, and the tnlinefadtion and redness Of the local
affection appears to be unlimited.' The Prince, in the donifsi Of the
day, underwent a slight operation, and the Abbe Dupanloup passed an
hour with him, At eleven o'clock this morning the state of the Peiin,
left very little hope."
Early on Thursday, the King and Queen of the FRENCH
paid a visit to the Prince, and were greatly shocked at finding
that he did not recognise them. We despair of TALLEY-
RAND's recovery. His worst symptom is his non-rccognitioo
of Royalty.
in the Chamber of Deputies, on Wednesday, the expenses
of the Extraordinary Embassies to assist at the Coronations
, at London and Milan, were voted by a large majority.
• The following is the latest intelligence from the North of
Spain
" The Carlist iroopS Which, under Gueigtie, menaced Bilboa, and
reduced Los Banderos and the Capucines, have been recalled to march
against Estella. Things grow worse in that town ; there is nothing but
mutiny and disturbance. Los Valles, who escaped with difficulty from
the French cnstom-house officers, anti got into Estella, tried his hand at
repressing the insurrectionists; but he Was beater, and wounded. Villas
real summonpd by Don Carlos to return to Biscay, has refused."
The trial of HUBERT and his accomplices was continued on
Wednesday, hut no fact was elicited of any interest.
The tranquillity of Switzerland is menaced by disturbances
in the Canton of Schweitl, between the Catholic and Pro-
testant inhabitants. The other Cantons have been called
upon by the Vorort to assist the Supreme authority in bring-
ing the malcontents to justice.
'rho f.•.nowin:4 is the latest news from the Russian frontier :
ARMAMENTS IN Russta.—The Journal which is published at Odessa
in the Russian language, contains in its Number of 28th March last the
following article :
" The squadron, consisting of 4 ships of the line of 84 guns, the
Adrianople, the Sultan Makmoud, the Remembrance of Eustachia,
and the Silestria, three 60 gun frigates, the TOT! IiGS, Standard, and
Legathocles, two brigs, and two armed steam.boats, are taking on board
in our port, a corps of chosen troops to convey them to Sebastopol, and
thence to Asia.
" This squadron, after having completed its object, will be rein-
forced by three ships of the line, two frigates, and four brigs, and placed
under the command of Admiral Ouniannets. It will then go to the
Dardanelles, to observe the movements of the French, English, and
Turkish fleets.
" Tine twenty-one regiments of the Cossacks of the Black Sea, each
of which consists of 500 men, have now been placed on the footing of
regular cavalry, incorporated with the army of the Black Sea, and sent
to the frontiers of the Pachalik of Ears. Thus the Cossacks of the
Black Sea no longer form a separate corps, as they used to do ; and, as
well as their country, they are under the command of Lieutcnant.Gene-
ral Grabbe, who has just succeeded General Williaminoff."
A letter from Odessa of the 11 th of April, informs us—" That a
camp of observation, of 25,000 men, is forming at Anapa, which will
be independent of the army of the Black Sea, and the army of the Cau-
casus. It is generally believed that this army is intended to go into
Persia ; and what confirms this conjecture is, that officers are sought
after for this army, who can speak the Persian and Turkish languages.
General Paskewitsch, a man of great military talent, will have the com-
mand of the army of the Caucasus. .
Two Circassian Princes, Lieutenant General Belbenloff and
Fchentchewazde, who have hitherto been employed about the Empert r's
person, have is en sent to Tiflis to mike part of the Council of Lieut.-
General Golordin, and at tire same time permissions has been given them
to enter the service of the Schell, for a limited period.—Le Cummerce.
CRACOIV, APRIL 29.—1 n the last sitting of the Diet, an address to
the three Protecting Powers was voted. The most important part of this
address is the request that the High Protecting Powers may be pleased
to take I roper steps to convince themselves of the tranquil state of the
country, and peaceable disposition of else inhabitants, in order that the
measures peremptorily taken may not be any longer that hindrance to
communication on the frontiers which oppresses commerce, may be re-
moved, and tire duty on Hungarian wines for Cracow, which has been
augmented on the part of Russia, may be abolished ; that young
students (lean the neighbouring countries may be permitted, according to
assurances frequently repeated, to visit the Jagellon university, which is
entirely under the superintendence and direction of the Protecting
Powers, even in respect to the appcintment of the professors.—(Frotn tho
Silesian Gazette.)
CONSTANTINOPLE, APRIL 6.—Fethi Alimet Pacha, appointed Am-
bassador to London, will leave here to_morrow fur Malta, where he in-
tends performing his quarantine, and will proceed from thence through
Italy and France to England.
The accounts from Syria this week with regard to the progress of the
insurrection are not more favourable than they were last, the insargents
still continuing to keep the upper hand over the Egyptian troops.
The account contained in the Smyrna Paper of an insurrection hay.
ing, been broken out at Aleppo, appears to be entirely without foundation.
• FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, May 17.
LATEST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 109 f. 21;c.
Three per Cents., Blf. 20c.
Bank Actions, 2,710 f.
Romans' 101%.
Belgian Loan, 10314.
Belgian Bank. 1,435 f.
Portugue•,e 'three per Cents., 26%.
Spanish Actives, 2.1.
Spanish Passives. f)t4.
Harlan Loan, 480 f.

NEGRO EMANCIPATION.
