at discretion.

" The repulse Which the peasantry and about'
9,Q-06 regulars experienced, from about moo°
French coming into Cordova, alarmed the people
here very much ; but since the particulars have
been well ascertained, every, one appears in spirits.
The Army has been well organized. The French
are completely cut qff from Castile,, and La Mao'
cha, and must surrender or. le cut to pieces on the
marching forward of the armies, which is to take

place to=morrow, lgth inst.
CASTANOS is at Carmona, he will take the come
mand in Chief;',—it is impossible to have a better
General ; he is -well seconded by the celebrated
REDING, brother to the ci:3tinguished Swiss Patriot,
ALOiS REDING. We areall in the best.spirits, and
are in no fear respeaing the ultimate success of the
just cause in which. we have so heartily engaged."

The Expedition at Cork were all on board ana
waiting for a fair wind when the last accounts cattle

The Troops had began to embark yesterday al.
Ramsgate, and the whole were proceeding with the
utmost aativity.

THE accounts which almost 'dairy affive-frora
different parts of the Continent, concur in stating'
that the atrocious proceedings of BLIONAPARTS
Sp.aia have produced the strongest sensations of de"
testation. A Gentleman arrived in town yeiterdai
froM Holland : he left l'aris about three weeks.ago•
He says, that even in Paris, where every ateano..
that the most vigilant and arbitrary Police can or
gest, are adopted, to keep the People in ignorance,
the c,onduCt of BUONATARTE towards Spain is openli
reprobated : innumerable arrests have in conse'.
(pence taken place. But whatever pains Boot''''
'PARTE may take to keep the People of the C 441101101!
in ignorance with regard to the real state of affOki'
it is impossible he can Ilung succeed. Thr arMief/
which he displays upon this subje6t, and the grog..
falSehoods to which he has recourse, afford tho
strongest proof of the apprehension he entertaioir
that the example which has been set by the GAO.
Patriots ,of Spain, may rouse other Nations, vvliicts
he now holds in a state. of abject slavery, to assail
their Freedom. It is evident from the account
which we yesterday extratied from the Dutch Papers'
that'. some serious disturbances have taken place It
the County of Mark, among the Conscripts/ al"
though grcat pains are taken to represent it as
affair of no importance. Some private Letter'
state, that the Troops which were ordered frori'
Dusseldorf against the Conscripts, aCtually refuse
to march. A fresh Embargo has, we understand'
been 'laid. upon all American Vessels in the Ports °I
France and Holland.

ACCORDING to some private Letters, said to hay°,
been received trom, Rome and other parts of Itol/1
the .cruel treatment which the POPE has received;
from;BOONAPARTE,has, as indeed might naturalkf%
be eveClecl, increased the detestation and horror
which his. character is held. A story, however,
related on this subjea, upon which "we are, not
clined to place implicit reliance.
.It is said that >
'Cardinals, before they separated and cinitttd Romer
1,
'which they were ordered to do in two days, by.Ge' )
Ineral Mzoz.Lzs, contrived to form._ a conclaves—fgsl,)
the purpose of filling up the vacant chair of ST. fr.:,
Tan, and eleaed
,the Cardinal Archbishop of FA'
) successor to Pros the Vllth. In the first
place, the deprivation of the temporal authority
of the POPE •by BUONAPARTE, iS n 0 extinCtiUtl•
of the rights of the P.,rE, and the Cardinals bi
such an aft would, by implication, invest the TY'
rant with a power which he hiMself does not or
peat_tO have assumed. But it is said that '`s
.the,new eleaed Pore is sate in Sicily, he ‘ll3l
launch the thUndefi of the Church against 1303-
NAPARTE, and anathematize him, as the eneulY
of God and Man. These thunders, however,
would have bUt little force, as in 'that case Ebel
would not issue from the proper authority, but
if the present POPE, who has been so barbaron4
treated, in return for all his sacrifices at the shrine
of the Usurper, were to fulminate the vengeallc°
of the Church againSt him, it might have a power,
ful are& indeed upon all who are seriously devote",
to the Roman Catholic Faith, and we hope that I°.
will yet be induced to resort to it, as such a tiler
sure might strongly tend to rid the'Voritinent of its
great Scourge and Oppressor.
Other accounts state, that the POPE hi:s hinlself

to
