may be satisfied that--lobe conduct of those re-
lations his Majesty's Ministers are not sacrificing the
peace, the security,
.and,T. abate all, the honour of
the country, which, indeed„ is is the only sound
ground of peace and security. If it were for no
other reason, an occasional exposition of this nature
is due in courtesy to the various members of the
great civil community of which we are a part. I
am confirmed in this opinion by what has been pass-
ing itt two neighbouring natious,-i-etie with which
we have long been in the .tgo'sest alliance—the
'other, formerly our most illustrious antagonist, but
beheeforward, I hope, Duly our illustrious rival—iu
which a limited monarchy and a representative Go-
vo.rtment have been established. I cannot help
thinking that the discussions which hare taken
place Ytt the Legislative Assernlrlies Of those
t:oluttries, on subjects similar to the present,
connected with the stare Of Europe, have
been of great and oxtensive use. I am con-
firmed in this opinirm by the conviction that, in
Spite of indivithral intemperance and indiscretion,
the discessiuns to which I allude, and %N. hitril have
'taken 'ice in the Representative 13-cdCaes of those
'coultrclea, have given a salutary vent to those sus-
&ions, antipathies, and .joalousies, the silent indul-
gence of which might wove fatal to the good under-
standing and goad will so happily at present exist.
iaQ among tb nations of Europe, and have rooted
still more deeply that passion for peace, which, in
'pine of of what may have occurred in some quar-
ters calculated to diminish it, is, I am confidently
persuaded, growing in the world, and is, indeed,
one of the most valuable legacies of that setnguinary
tt.nd long continued war, by which Eist-tme was con-
vulsed from Copenhagen to Vcnize. This, Sir, issr
subject which addresses itself, not to the particular
interest of any individual State, but to the general
interests of matt. lam sure, therefore, that the
House will excuse me if I digress in a Might degree
From tit* subject which I ant bringing under their
consideration, by declaritigN that if my own passion
for peace could have received any accession, it would
~.)oAve so received it when on a recent occasion I
heard teat deprecated by one who has given the
most striking and memorable example, since the time
when Scipio conquered Hannibal at Zarsa, of the
utter overthrow of a powerful army under one of
the greatest military commanders. Sir when I
heard the praise of peace proceed from such a mouth,
I could riot help calling to mind lines written for a
very different purpose, and frequently quoted on
former occasions :

'" admoveris ora,
tannas et Trebiam ante oculos Thrasymanaeis bustos,
Et Patilli stare ingentem mirabcris =brain."
the passion for peace, which was so highly
gratified by hearing the declaration to which I have
just alluded, leads me to be very jealous and suspi-
cious of any new guarantees by which peace may be
endangered. There are implied guarantees :t3 well
As expressed guarantees, and the former are, per-
)us, the most to be apprehended, If there be any
virtual guarantee at present existing among the
great nations of Europe, by which peace may ulti-
mately be endangered, I doubt its wisdom, and am
apprehensive of its consequences. To consent to
such a guarantee is wantonly to add to the chances
of war; it is to add to the contingencies of evil. I
will not concee; from the House that I allude to the
introduction, into Europe of the integrity of the
Ottoman, empire as a principle of general policy.
It is in my opinion difficult to imagine any case in
'which a guarantee expressed or implied could be
more objectionable, because it is certainly a case in
which it is at least possible to carry a guarantee into
permanent effect. From the nature and circum
stances of the case, such an agreement on the part
of the great Powers of Europe would devote all
the Countries on the southern coast of the Medi-
terranean, from the Euxine to the Atlantic, to
hopeless barbarism and slavery. An edict such as
that to which I have alluded would doom the
countries in question to the threatened fate of Greece;
to eternal subjugation and wretchedness. . All such
combinations as these end in the aggrandisement of
the great military states, who smile at the credulity
of those distant powers whose force, however great,
is not of a nature to admit of that immediate inter-
position which alone can avert the evil. I beg par-
don of the House for having thus called their at-
tention to a subject not strictly relevant to that on
which a rose to address them, but which appears to
".ste to be one of the greatest importance, convinced
RS I am that the introduction of the principle that
the present integrity of the Turkish empire must be
maintained is incompatible with the principles of a
pacific policy—a policy never so much called far by
the situation of this country as at the present mo-
ment—a policy which gives us the best chance of
healing the wounds which the long contest in which
we have been engaged has inflicted on our resources.
I will now, Sir, proceed to state the circumstances
which induce me to presume to address the House
on a subject of a different nature. What are those
tivetttnstances ? A country closely connected with
tireat Britain for the last 450 years, by an alliance
unexampled in the history of man, and which no
cloud of disagreement had ever interrupted—a
wuntry which, although- strongly bound to us by a
treaty during the term of 120 years, had never vo-
luntarily drawn England into a war, or exposed her
to the risk of war ;—a country which had been
thrice invaded,—in 1761, in 1801, and in 1807,—
for the fidelity with which she maintained her en-
gagements with England : that country is now suf-
fering under the tyranny of a usurper, who made his
way to the throne by a succession of falsehoods,
perjuries, and frauds, which, in the case of any one
amenable to the laws, would have long since sub-
jected him to the most disgraceful, if not to extreme
punishment—(Hear, hear)—a being who, in addi-
tion to his public, has long laboured under the im-
putst:on of private crimes,. of almost unparalleled
enormity—such as are recorded of a Comodus or a
Caracalla rather than such as belong to the vicious of
modern times,--a being who exhibits, in the face of
Europe, the brand on his brow of the pardon which
he obtained from his King and his father for an act
of parricidal rebellion. In what I have said of this
person, I have only anticipated the sentence which
history will pronounce upon him. In what I have
said of him, I have only said what his Majesty has
twice told Parliament, although in milder lan-
guage, from the Throne. His Majesty has
twice told Parliament, that he and all the other
great Powers of Europe had been obliged to cut off
all diplomatic intercourse with that great branch of
the Christian family,. Portugal, for above twelve
istotiths. Sir, this was a mark of the displeasure of
Europe unexampled in the history of nations. It
proves that Europe has sat in judgment on that man
whose conduct has brought disgrace on his once
illustrious and still respectable country ; for what
can be a greater disgrace to ally country than to de-
clare, that it is unfitted by the yoke of a foul and
dishonourable usurpation under which it is groaning,
for the maintenance of the usual relations of peace
and amity among nations ? While, however, this
person was enjoying the semblance of royalty in
Portugal, his Majesty and his Majesty's Ministers,
with great propriety, recognised and acknowledged
the legitimate tights of her Most Faithful Majesty
Donna Maria 11. Her Majesty was received by the
King with that graceful and dignified courtesy for
which his Majesty is sp distinguished and which so
cell becomes him. She was received by the Eng-
lish nation with those feelings which her station, her
sex, and her age, are so well calculated to elicit.—
Still, however, we ought to inquire into the fruits
which her Majesty is likely to derive from her: resi-
dence in England. I think I am not asserting too
much when I assert that this is a case in which the
House ()tight to feei,-vapictiallSeijialaus of the na-
tional honour-eetthat this is a case in which we
ought critically to examine into the conduct:Of our:
Government,. with reference to one of the unpro-
tected and defenceless Allies of the country. In
entering upon the question, I. slaril!' lithdet:thc.
necessity of stating at some) kilo' the reasons on
which 1 found the motiont with which I shall con-
clude; namely, for SIP. Address to his Majesty,
praying fur the communication of such papers as
may throw light on the relations between Portugal
