ENCOURAGEMENT to REFORMERS

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sir—The Parliamentary campaign has opened were. The
majority—under the circumstances—the glorious inajvrity of
FORTY-ONE, boldly belies the calumnies, day after day re,neatcd
in the soi disant Conservative Journals, and again shop A-s the
people the necessity of rallying round their own banners, and
declaring war to Toryism—" war ! war even to the knit "e
The glove so insolently throws down by faction, and so trio: -n-
-phantly taken up by patriotism, conveys a lesson that the n& -
tion must get by heart, and be prepared to put in practice. it'
the Liberal Members of Parliament have answered the unpa— •
ralleled slanders of their opponents by swelling the Ministerial-
ranks, and taking the first opportunity of adhering more closely
than ever to Government, the electors of England must also
stand to their post, and, by their determined attitude, show
that the pestilential breath of Toryism has bat re-inspired
them with nobler and higher purposes. During the time of
the passing of the Reform Bill, the agitation into which men's
minds were thrown, was, unavoidably, too much partaking of
passion to be called genuine patriotism : but.kow the cloud of
angry emotions has rolled away, we must legislate in tha
spirit of calmness, but of undaunted resolution. Our ene-
mies must constantly be put in the wrong, and the surest way
of succeeding in this, will be never to imitate them ourselves.
Our object, be it remembered, is not the transient triumph of
party, but PERMANENT GOOD GOVERNMENT.

Whatever the Tories may say, we know they cannot be
honest reformers. They have been so rolled in the mud of cor-
ruption, that St. S within himself, in his compassion, could
not wash them clean. Their principles are so diametrically
opposed to enlarged views, that to expect from them anything
worth having, would be as idle as to look for charity from the
harsh sectary. Individually we may • respect and love them ;
but, as a body acting in a public capacity, who so limited in
understanding—so vindictive in temper? Wrapped up in
swaddling-clothes, and never getting beyond leading-strings,
with what proud scorn do they " deal the deep damnation of
their Bah I" against all who dissent from their monkish tenets !
What we want—nay, what we will have—is that broad philan-
thropic reform which, at the same time that it duly respects
what expediency may have established, breaks down the ig-
noble barriers placed between man and mant by ignorance and
tyranny. We want the pulverization (nothing short of that
will do) of every fetter that hangs upon the limbs of En-
glishmen for their religious opinions—may the iron press but
with the weight of a thread! A healthy political stream must
flow unimpeded through the country to irrigate our soil, and
sweeten our atmosphere. Such were the ideas of the National
Assembly in France in 1789. Weak and wicked men arc for,
ever referring to the catastrophe which happened at that pe-
riod, in the childish hope of frightening us out of our wits,
and consequently out of our cherished Reform. But the pa-
rallel cannot for a moment be maintained. The rush from the
extreme of slavery to the extreme of liberty, was too much
for a people steeped in ignorance, and bowed down by tha
aristocracy. The taking of the Bastille taught the masses
they were strong—that strength was not, could not be tem-
pered by moderation. Excesses were committed, and the
sun of the eighteenth century set in an ocean of blood.
Reverse the picture;—behold a population wise by experience,.
and guided by humanity. Behold the " glorious three days."
In 89 the people were not free, for they plundered and mas-
sacred. In 1830, the people were free—for they neither
plundered nor massacred. The tricoloured flag was the em-
blem of Ord; e et Liberte Publique !
But is the English nation situated as France was at the
close of the last century ? Is it governed by a deceitful
Prince, overrun with hordes of public robbers, and threatened
with the horrors of universal starvation ? Is the principle of
freedom alien from our natures and habits ? Has it but hovered

like some fair vision over the bosoms of a few chosen men—
the Mirabeaus, the Lafayettes, the Baillys, the Bariares of our
time? Has the whisper of liberty gone the round only of
some midnight club—or rather has not its very spirit breathed
through all our institutions ever since the days of Alfred, and
so engrained itself in our dispositions as to produce certain
national peculiarities that can exist nowhere but in the freest
state ? We, at least, need have no fear of liberty in its widest
sense. We have not to contend (as the illustrious men I have
just mentioned) against a vacillating Court on the one hand,
and an ungovernable mob on the other. When men talk
about the horrors of the French Revolution, they forget the
long train of circumstances that ended in the fatal explosion.
The novelty of the scheme ; the wildness of some and wicked-
ness of others, amid the intrigues of the rich and the starva-
tion of the poor, created a commotion of which we can form
no idea, because nothing similar has ever happened to us in
our worst times. A loose was given to all kinds of evil imagi-
nations ; edifices were shaken and shattered by hands that had
never dared to approach them save in the attitude of supplica-
tion ; and the spirit of revenge, joined to an appalling sense
of power, leaped forth in complete armour from breasts that
had hitherto slumbered in the inertness of servitude. We, I
repeat, broach no new theories ; we excite no' strong pas-
sions ;we make no rash experiments. Away then to the
nursery with the cry of Revolution ! Happily we cannot
have any of the terrible elements indispensable for one. If
any man were mad enough to raise the cry, his voice would
be lost amid the shouts of millions of peaceful citizens for a
safe and CONSTITUTIONAL REFORM. The road leading to this
is before us—broad and smooth. The Ministers are with the
people—who, then, can possibly snatch away the blessing ?
During one of the ittings of the National Assembly, a diecussion
arose relative to a recent large arrival of troops in Paris,
and a deputation was in consequence sent to the King, bs"g-
ging their instant removal, on the ground that public libert,v
was in danger, Louis XVI. dissembled, as he unfortunately
always did, and assured the members that the soldiers were.
stationed at their different posts to ensure general tranquillity
and protect the Assembly in its deliberation. When this
answer was announced a vehement debate ensued, and the
Count de Crillon proposed to cut matters short by trusting at
once to the word of a "King—an honest man"—"La parole d'un
Roi honnete homme," replied Mirabeau with his wonted fire,
" est un mauvaise garant ; notre confiance aveugle dans nos
Reis nous a perdus it faut insister encore et sans relache,"
Of the same nature exactly must be our confidence in Go-
vernment. The people must urge and press it forward, and
trust implicitly no man or set of men. Let them repay honest
acts with generous gratitude, but still be themselves on their
guard ; alert, disinterested ; staunch to their own colours, but
without the disgusting uncharitableness inevitably attached to
low-minded party feeling. Above all let them be suspicious
of professions and confide only in deeds. Much has been done,
but much remains undone. Il faut insister encore et sans
reldche. MILO.

AN IMPRUDENT MAoRIAGE.—In that excellent
novel, "My Aunt Pontypool," the leading circumstances of
the story consist of an imprudent marriage, and the miseries
of a supposed disinherited son. The characters, and they
are numerous, are admirably drawn, and they are placed in
situations of great excitement, both abroad and at home. The
author seeks not to fix attention by calling to his aid the
charm of fiction, but making the present time the scene of
action, he introduces us to persons, with some of whom
every body is more or less acquainted. My Aunt Ponty-
pool is no stranger to us all.
The pheasant shooting closed on Monday, with a
brilliant day's sport, on the Earl of Coventry's property, when
about 200 head of game were killed, with only 10 rabbits to
swell the return. Of the above number there were 150 phea-
sants, 45 hares, and one woodcock. The day was cold and
stormy, or the suantity might have been doubled with the
greatest ease. The party afterwards partook of the hospitality
of the Noble Earl at his beautiful seat, Severn Bank.— IVor-
cester Herald.
MR. BURKE'S HISTORY OF THE LANDED
GENTRY.—In common with the public at large, we have
witnessed with much satisfaction the gradual progress, and
noticed the promised completion, during the Present yeorar,t ice
iof
this very original and interesting publication, svhich,
first time, will exhibit a complete genealogical history. of the
great landed gentry of the United Kingdom—who Y,lll now
possess a work to which they may refer with pride ana satis-
faction, as being, in the most peculiar sense, their own; etoll
prising the record of their honours and achievements--th‘e
copious details of their bright and long-derived lineage—the
incidental particulars of their connexions, and collateral alli-
ances—and numerous curious anecdotes and traditions con—
cerning their families, which have been assembled with infinite
pains and immense cost, from the most authentic documents,
and other sources of information.

OUTRUNNING THE CONSTABLE.—On htli:.suaY
a constable, from Huntly, arrived at. Donaldson's with thi:ee
prisoners in a gig, on their way to Bridewell—when, while ho
was looking after his horse, two of them, who were hand-
cuffed to each other, took to their, heels and got off ; and,
though pursued, fairly outran the constable. —AberdeenHerald.
THE FOUNDLING'S SEARCH AFTER HIS F.A.'"
THER. —Captain Marryat, always original, and always happy
in his subjects, has proved in his new work, " Japhet in
Search of a Father," that his wit belongs to no particular
element, and that it is quite as racy on shore as it is at sea.
For sly humour there is no writer that equals him. Japhct
is a foundling in search of a parent: this search is his dream
and his passion, and leads him into all kinds of scenes; his
adventures are detailed with a vividness of description so near
akin to reality, that the reader is actually lulled into the ima-
gination that be is perusing the events of actual life. It is
a most humorous and a most entertaining book.
By the decease of Benjamin Roche, Esq., his vast
property descends to David Roche, Esq., M. P., to whom it
has been bequeathed, with the exception of a very small sum
to a near relative of the deceased gentlemaii.---Ltmerick Times.
FUSELI THE PAINTER.—It is not generally
known, we believe, that the new edition of the works of this
celebrated artist, lately published by his Executor, John
Knowles, Esq., contains six additional lectures on painting.
These new lectures are equally worthy with the first, of the
fame of Fuseli, and of the study of the artist, to whom they
to the c
t n ter a
tdTr
ie
merits of various dcgress and qualities of excellence."--
will afford the most valuable instruction. To the student they
throw a stronger light upon the glorious achievements of the
gbaresiast,
amndastaersnre
masters,
lowhilloefttyhey
afford
d standard, b ywhich o n
o o
appreciatesu
Spectator.
lated i •
Inquiry is contemp nto the circumstances at-
tendant upon the death of a person learned Vince, at his
lodgings in this city, as far back as February, 1833. The
exhumation of the body will take place as soon as the party
who has arrived here from Ireland to promote an investigation
into the matter, has satisfied the proper authorities by affida-
vits, that he is
ent.t.e.., to their sanction to the proceedings,
and Mr. Herepath, the erainevirchemist, of Bristol, is to be
employed, we understand, in the examination of the corpse.
The Jury, as well as the Coroner, were satisfied that the de-
ceased died by the Visitation of God, not only from the evi-
dence given before them, but also from the skeleton-like sp.
pikarance presented by the body.— Worcester Herald.
