CITY ELECTIONS.

(From the Morning Herald.)
. . .__

• As we anticipated yesterday (Thursday), Air. Ward bas
esigned, his Committee having informed him that he bad
not the slightest chance of success. It turns out that, in-
4tead of being promised 4,000 plumpers, he, in fact, had
but 395 promises. We have no hesitation in saying, what
we have before asserted, that a majority of ten to one were
against Mr. Ward. The result of this election is decisive
as to the feeling of the people on the question of Reform.
Here we have an Anti-Reform candidate of great know.
ledge—great respectability—great influence; a man whose
conduct has been the Most manly and straightforward ; a
man, indeed, beloved by every one who knows him ; and
what is the result ? He is obliged to retire, finding that,
out of a constituency of 15,000, only 395 voters were
willing to support him. We have no doubt that Mr.
Ward will be returned in a reformed Parliament.

The result of the metropolitan elections, together with
that of Dover, has struck terror into the hearts of the
boroughmongers. They now say that there is no chance
—that all is lost. The reformers, however, will not leave
the field as long as a single enemy is undet arms ; they
will consider that " there is nothing gained while aught
remains to win."

We are assured that Sir John Rae Reid's carriage was
not broken at Dover, that the Hon. Baronet is stil in the
borough, and that the best understanding subsists be-
tween him and the inhabitants. We believe, however,
that it is too true that another gentleman connected 'with
the city of London—Mr. Sanderson, the bill-broker—has
met with a very rough reception at Colchester. It ap-
pears that Mr. S. was met at some distance from the town
by a great_c.oncourse of people. who received him with
huzzas, and expressed a wish to draw his carriage into
Colchester. Mr. Sanderson, of course, felt flattered and
delighted by such a kind reception, but his triumph was
of short duration. On arriving at a large pond by the
road side, the faithless mob backed the would-be Anti-
Reform Member and his carriage into it, where he was
left sticking in the mud, amid the groans and execrations
of the sarrounding•multitude.
According to a letter received to-day from Gloucester,
a requisition to the Hon. H. Morton, to stand for the
county, has been signed by 2,000 freeholders, and is ex-
pected to obtain the signatures of several hundred more in
the course of a day or two. As he has not the slightest
chance of success, Lord Edward Somerset is expected to
retire. There has not been a contested election in Glou-
cestershire for nearly a quarter of a century. Mr. Mor-
ton is in favour of the Bill.

It is reported in the city that Colonel Tyrell has de-
clined to contest the county of Essex. Thus the Bill will
gain another supporter.
As an instance of the spirit with which the people come
forward to subscribe their money in support of Reform,
we have to state that nearly all the housekeepers in
Middlerow, Holborn, have given a pound Each.
(From the Times.)

We have seldom seen any stronger expression of satis-
faction than was manifested yesterday morning in the city
at the resignation of Mr. 'Ward. It was taken as an
earnest, not merely of the share the representation of Lon-
don is destined to take in the Reform question, but also of
the signal and triumphant success of the cause throughout
the whole country. Our zealous Reformers in the city
hold, and most justly, the moral effect of this day's pro-
ceedings to be irresistible. Mr. Ward's chances of suc-
cess have, as it now appears, been very much overrated
during the whole of the canvass, but his friends were
driven to rely on exaggeration to procure them that sup-
port which they did not in reality possess. They are now
disappointed beyond measure at his having resigned, but
with about as much reason, and with much the same feel-
ing, as the promoters of a prize-fight are influenced by,
when one of the combatants shows the white feather.
They will have no fight. They wanted to seat their
Member if they could, but they wanted also at any rate to
have a contest.

The accounts from all parts of the country continue to
be most gratifying. The anti-Reformers are baffled at
every turn, and lose confidence with every new failure.—
Several elections have now been brought to a close, without
conferring a seat on one opponent to Reform.
The funds began to rse to-day almost on the instant
that the termination of the city election was known, be-
c Luse, as every one saw, it sealed the fate of the anti-Re-
formers all over the kingdom. Consols were it 781 in
the morning, but left off at 781 to 79. This proves at
least how mistaken the notion is that the fundholders con-
sider Reform dangerous to their interests. If the prices
of stock are not now sustained, it will be from other
causes, which ought to be well understood ; for if the mea-
sures taking by the Bank to contract the circulation should
continue mach longer, and be followed up by an advance
in the rate of discount, a decline is not unlikely to be the
consequence, which the enemies of Reform will of course
be eager to ascribe to its success. Exchequer Bills left off
at 51. to 6s. pm.; India Bonds at Is. discount to par.

In the ensuing contest for the University of
Cambridge, we trust that it will not be forgotten by the
electors, the majority of whom belong to the sacred pro-
fession, that in continuing to support Mr. CAVENDISH and
Lord PALMERSTON they will lend their aid to those who
entirely concur in the benevolent exertions which ale made
to ameliorate the condition of the negroes in the West
Indies, in opposition to a party whose past conduct shows
a fixed determination to perpetuate the horrors of slavery.

An active subscription has been commenced
in the Finsbury district in aid of the General Reform
Election Subscription now open at the Crown and
Anchor Tavern; and although only a few hours have been
devoted to the same, the Chairman was enabled to trans-
mit to the general committee a cheque for 501. on account.

A general election is supposed to get rid of a
great deal of bad wine, and a general illumination may he
said to consume a great deal of bad oil, of which there
appeared to be no deficiency on Wednesday, many of the
lamps having gone out immediately after they were lighted.

THE LATE DUCHESS OF WELLINGTON.
We are authorised to state that the decease of the late
Duchess of WaLLmczoN did not occur at Stratlieldsaye,
but at Aps!ey-house ; that during her protracted illness
she was attended by the Duke with the most unremitting
attention, and that her hand was in his when she expired.
—Times.

The LORD CHANCELLOR has promised to
take the Chair at the anniversary of the Literary Fund on
the Ilth of May. There ought to be some neutral ground
where adverse politicians may meet and forget all feelings;
hut those connected with the amenities of literature and
the exercise of charity ; and such is the pr.posed meeting
of the Literary Fund on the 11th of May.

The Lord Lieutenant of IRELAND, has di-
rected the commission of the peace for the County of Kg,-
dare to be giien to the celebrated Dr. DotrLx, the Catholic
Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin. This is the first instance
of a clergyman of that religion holding the commission
since the period of the revolution, and must do more to
conciliate the affections of the people than perhaps any
other single act of his Excellency could have effected.
Extract of a letter of the 15th distant from
Madrid :-4, The Spanish Government has refused the
claim of indemnity made for the damages occasioned to the
George Canning by the batteries of Tarifa, but the
English Government has renewed the demand in more
energetic terms. The Cabinet of Madrid has also entered
into explanations with Count D'HARCOURT, the French
Ambassador, relative to the arrest, of his courier—these
also are unsatisfactory ; it remains to be seen whether they
will be accepted."

WHIG AND TORIES.—The piquant work
entitled "The Premier" will be read with avidity at the
present moment, as it unfolds the secret motives of action
and subtle intrigues of men both in and out of power.
Almost all the public characters of the day are sketched
with an unsparing pen. The writer has doubtless ex
perienced the hollowness and insincerity of certain indivi:-
duals and has taken this method of retaliation. His suc-
cess is complete.

The East India Company's ship Reliance ar,
rived off the Wight yesterday. She sailed from China on
the 18th of December, and St. Helena on the 27th of
February.

HORRIBLE MURDERS.—We are grieved and
horrified at being compelled to state, that the steward of
Mr. VANDELEUR, of Rabaline, near Newmarket-on-
Fergus, county of Clare, was murdered yesterday by a
party of the peasantry. Mr. WHEELER, the agent of Sir
J. RIBTON and Lord STRASBROOK, shared a similar fate
near Nenagb, in the county of Tipperary.—Evening Post.

guilty
the Middlesex Adjourned
Sessions, on Thursday, Joint IltNu, aged 45, was found
of assaulting MAaY ANN SIMMONS.SIMMONs, aged 12 years,
with intent, &c. The girl was his servant, and slept in
the same room with him,' his wife, and two children.
When he committed the assault, he threatened to murder
her if she told of it. He was •entencod to four months'
unprisoutuent and bard labour.
