GOTTENBUI?aII

GOTTENBURGII, Nov. 7.—The Armistice in
land was broken by the Russians on the 27th ult.
and a severe engagement ensued, the result °I
which is not yet known, but it is feared the Swedes
have been worsted. The King is returned to Stock"
holm.

STOCKHOLM, Nov. 3.—His Royal Highness the
Duke of Suclermania bas received the following
Report :--

Y

" The expeeled large convoy were first descried
from the steeple of this town, the day before yes'
terday, at two o'clock in the afternoon. 1.116
Gun-boats bad been lying ready in the RO4
from an early hour in the morning, but a hard
gale springing up, the Gun-boats were corn-
pelled to leave the road; and put into port.
The men remained on board, and the gale abating
at 12 o'clock at midnight, the gun-boats went out
again to meet the convoy, which had not yet poet/
Dragoe. 4t break of day the gun-boats formed s
line off Dragoe, and dispersed some Danish gun'
boats and small veFtsels, which had gathered roiled
ship of the convoy Which had struck a-ground, The
gun-boats were ordered to assist the above Shp io
getting off the ground, in doing which they were
employed until yesterday, at 4 o'clock in the after'
noon, when the Danish Gun-boats came out
Dragoe, Copenhagen, and other places, and wile
in line opposite to ours, with the exception of 1$
of them, which stretchgd:Tong the coast to attack
the Afi.ica, an English Ship of the Line.

"I ordered our Gun-boats to be cleared for aetic'n'
but perceiving that five Sail of the Convoy- were
aground, without any assistance or prcteaion, I re-
solved to sail to Malmo Road, in order to concert
with the Commander of the Convoy measures t°
prevent them falling into the enemy's hands'
Having fortunately soon after fallen in with him' t
returned to Dragoe, and joined our Gun-boats. /*
the same time, preparations were made to destl
such Ships as could not be saved. I this day ordered
the Gun-boats, in consequence of the Convoy liavi°s
safely reached Malmo, to return to port, as, 03d
any contrary -wind sprung up, they would have .Ct'egi
exposed to the danger of being blown close ip With •
the Danish shore.

‘c C. J. DIEDRICH, t
" and Adjut.,Gep. of thP flfe •
" Malmo, Oct. at, ISA."

CONSTANTINOPLE, SEPT. i 7.—The Grand Vi
MUSTAPH4 liktft&crAr. has caused 40,000 Mel) to
march to the Danube. Resides these, thero B(3
26,000 organized in the European manner.
the Richas of Europe and Asia are setting on 10
their contingents with all speed, in order to PI:
serve their heads. To form the Turkish arrop a.
cording to the system of European tadics,
Ctg
Grand 'Vizier employs an ()dicer tarn erly to
d,,-
service of Austria, and who has nom tak.en
ther name. The use of the bayonet is oh of
novelties introduced into the Turkish infa3tll'
(Mphiteura (kg. 30)
CASSEL, OCT. 2o.—The French General .Ellt'!;
K
has been appointed 'Minister at Wir for the —lne
dons of Westphalia. He is already arrived 40 ll~t4
cap:tat. the

PARIS, OCT, 30.—,M. Ds CAtm,tricotial' g,
Senator, the father of the Ambassador-10 gussl7.
died here the day before yesterday.,—(Monite"
.()Ci 31.) that
•
VIENNA, OCT. I s.—They, write from
by t
the Crown of Hungary, which is corisidereu.
Hungarian nation as the palladium of its i"dePel:
once, has been brought back to the citadel `'t 'hat
city on the 4th of ()amber, after having
tig
Presburgh during t 4 days.—lt has been receive '
and placed in an apartineint of the Royal Castle, 'll4b
much solemnity..
OCT. 20.—They write from Trieste, that several
, Lei
merchant vessels of that place, returning from the
vast, have been stopped by the English Sqindro° `11::
der. Rear-Admiral MARTIN. 'The Captains of (11'
erg°
vessels, as also the passengers, were made toti'd4so.l.
a long examination, after which they were rel:-
According to their accour.ts, Rear Admiral 13'1' e
TIN has a Squadron of five or six Ships, on" 'lle
Frigates and Brigs. . He never approaches
lonian Isles, except at a great distance ; hclll7,i,
detaches, from time to lime, a Ship or a
5e5
gate from his Squadron to observe what 17:151.,i5
there. Admiral has. been :recalled, 0"3
successor,. Admiral Putty's, is expeaed ins`
diately at Messina, to take upon him the c°

mand of that Feet. the
We. have seceivea the\ followina accounts ,
'te•
disasters that have happened in the Port of Ir'eb
In the night of the lst Odober a most dreaditil tesas
pest suddenly came
.on. The fury oldie way° a,
such that the noise of them might be heard ibil'll7l,
the whole town. The next morning lx 51'4)4 where
had taken in thoir cargoes;in whole or in l''" t'
tied
thtown upon the coast three were ;:tranow--
toe Post-Ot*e, and three whets at some L.ol'/..041
A great r ot, small Vessels,
.tioatS, 6;C•16411
the spls Oa• •
, '9)

FROM THE SPANISH PAPERS.

BILBOA, OCT. 16.—The following is a copy of a
letter addressed by the English Colonel, who accom-
panies General BLAKE'S array, to the Deputies of the
Lordship of Biccav The noble sentiments with
which he is anxious to inspire the Deputies will
doubtless have the desired effect ; and they already
swear to avenge the insults offered to the poorest
Biscayan peasant; for there is not a calamity of any
description,which this.province has not suffered from
thosewhocall themselves the regenerators and friends
of Spain
" In the character of an Officer sent by the British
nverntnent to give every possible aid to the glo-
rious Cause of the good Patriots, I have the honour
to address myself to you, in the absence of the
English Generals BRODERICK and LEITH, who will
soon be here, and to offer you my most sincere con-
gratulations upon the happy event of your deliver-
ance from a wicked and perfidious enemy, who, un-
der the mask of friendship, attempted to invade
Your most sacred rights, and to impose upon you
the yoke of slavery. Bilboa is now free, and its
territory proteaed by a formidable army. But its
greatest security consists in the difficulties and em-
barrassments to which the enemy is reduced, and
the iMpossibility of repeating his cruelties in this
Province, His iniquities have reached their highest
Pitch,
The torch of desolation and destruction
pith which he ravaged so many innocent provinces
ya ,extinguished. The finishing blow is on the
u
are'ht of being given to all his enormities. He is
isserrt,"ded on all sides by armies of unequalled
erY anct enchitsiam, who have sworn, in the pre-
cuee of the God of Armies, not to lay
arms until they down their
insulted h have annihilated those who have
,t-e God of Truth and his Holy Religion.—
"°'e violators and assassins of so many innocent
ramifies, now
they
(nit find themselves reduced to the last
and are retreating to the fortresses, where
-Y exPed to delay that just vengeance from which
they cannot escape
b. happy moment has arrived when the noble 401iscayners may take part in the common cause, and
il.raw the sword in defence of their religion, their
theerty, and their beloved country, manifesting to
:LWhole world, that it had hitherto remained in
e scabbard only from the imperious necessity of
Circumstances wherein they were placed, and
giving the enemy most convincing proofs that the
1,0904 of the valiant Cantabrians still flows in the
.-I,_s of the Biscay ners. Already I rejoice to see the
enthusiasm that animates all ranks of the people
with whom I have conversed in Bilboa, and other
parts
01 this Lordship, and I promise myself the
Cause eoeficial results will accrue to the common
T
brrorn a.general armament of the inhabitants.
m. he Governtnent, penetrated with the
itioisjt,jest sentiments of indignation on beholding the
sL"uns, fallacious and cruel conduct of their enemy
of'' h
tenemy of truth and the disturber of the repose
andall e nations of Europe, have resolved to assist '
Porti
suPPort your just cause, with a liberality pro-
..""cll
t)ned to its merits and the glorious struggle in
Spain is engaged. English vessels have arrived
.„" Your coast, laden With arms, stoics, and money.
Ahere are also in your country English agents, sent
„by that Government for the sole purpose of your
Caltnunic.ating to them your necessities, which will
relieved without delay.
ttolYou may therefore animate your own hopes and
36 ,00°„t Your fellow-citizens with th© assurance of
tesid" English troops speedily arriving to assist you.
arts.es this force you have in your ports the brave
to t( of the Marquis De LA ROMANA, which, joined
e le ho less valiant army of Galicia, will make the
th ttLeh know and feel (even in their own country),
taecnorrors which they have Millard upon, this loyal
forlen• Impress it upon your countrymen, that those
r
4_ 'llklable enemies whom they have to encounter,
deleef brave only in attacking women, children, and
seneeneeless towns, and continually fly from the pre-
Just-eh °_,f equal force, a truth of which you have
set, "au a proof. Lose not a moment in making a
cia'leral armament. The delay of this work for a
With an hour, an instant, may operate 'unfavourably
ti regard to the opinion, entertained of the Noble
tease:Yans. To you belongs organization of your
to countrymen, who only pant for opportunity
.:4,„linguish themselves.
Spa,zou will not suffer the history of this glorious
"Ish war to be brought to a close, without insert-
lint 6 s therein the heroic achievements of the descend-
of
(el,. those Cantabrians who were always the first
ie'n,in the time of the Romans) to give an exam-
ehhooi their attachment to their country, and their
tow rreoce of a foreign yoke. Lay before your fel-
isetiell'untrymen, and remind them of the heroic
nals of °f their ancestors. Eiplain to them the an-
Cotnesisgeir wars against the Romans, and the other
been si iin which their valour and patriotism have
sr fed since that epoch.
Xriti 'kilns far, Gentlemen, as an individual of the
11.7 L., su nation, who is at present in this country, I
e taken the liberty of offering to you my senti-
ev"ts and services, which are tile same that animate
fer.Y individual of the British nation. I shall feel
PPy it I can, in any degree, contribute to the de-
-I,eas ee of this kingdom, and shall with the greatest
4:sl'r°P
ure (should such be 's will) shed the last
of my blow; tor so just a cause.
" I have the honour, &c.
(Signed) " We. PARKER CAIIROL.
" Lieut.-Col."

I;l4%('ltt).xNA, OCT. 27.—Yesterday morning disem-
tnana4 2000 of the British army under the cow-
shon," of Sir DAVID BAIRD. They consist of sharp-
- -les
~. ,
light troops, and artillery; all good-look-
thei'en, highly disciplined, and particularly neat in
Icil r clothes and accoutrements. It must be ac-
iinvvledged that the British nation have, in every
ancie.
that arrived at an admirable degree of perfection ;
hind the other nations are still a great way be-
at, —nid thern. They formed their battalions to the
rnta ,
,cat music of a very warlike description, and
„.:"ed off in the best order to Palloza.
V IC
Clan., 4' OCT. 15.—The English and our brave
of is °Perate a considerable diversion on the coast
the oussillon. The inhabitants, notwithstanding
awa °Pliression they labour under, are perfectly
Wzrehof the impolitic proceeding of their Tyrant.
hi R8.'41180011 learn what force they are coileaing
greatersillon. We are at present assured that the
i Part will be Italians.
tlie 3:It" dated from the camp of St. Geromino on
cl Ler:h utt.
says :—" At midnight the 3d regiment
Ida teas y„
along the Strand of BdrCCiUild as

far as the other side of St. Adrian, where the ene-
my had an encampment. The regiment of Man-
resa passed the Besos between Santa Coltman mid
Saint Adrian. Three companies of Vich, and the
third regiment of Lerida formed the column of re-
serve. Before day-break the 3d of Lerida dk-
charged a volley into the enemy's camp, and
without giving them time to fire a single shot,
rushed on them with the bayonet. We do not know
the exaet amount of the enemy's•loss ; but as they had
no time to prepare for resistance, and were surprised
in their very huts, they were completely routed.
The Miquelets of the 3d of Lerida and their biyo-
nets were covered with blood, and each of them
declared that he killed four, five; or six Frenchmen.
The 3d of Mauresa, on their side, discharged a
volley at the advanced post of the enemy on the
other side of the Besos ; and the French behaved in
so cowardly a style, that every man of them fled as
far as San Martin, without firing a single shot. A
company of Vich being ordered to assist the 3d of
Lerida, they completely drove the enemy from their
encampments, and the Miquelets have returned load-
ed with knapsacks, various articles of clothing,
and biscuit. The enemy had from 18 to 22 men
and 3 horses killed, and lost two military chests,
and 15 muskets. We took two Prisoners. Our
loss consisted of three wounded, one of them so
badly, that he is since dead. The enemy have com-
pletely disappeared. During the whole of the day
there -has been a firing heard in the direction of
Moncada ; and there also they have been driven
from their camp, and their huts set on fire. It ought
to be observed, that during the whole of the day the
French were unable to make any use of their can-
non."

It is mentioned in another private letter, that the
enemy had made a sally, with the intention of pil-
laging- the villages of St. Clemente and Villaclecans,
and that they had been beaten and driven back wits
considerable loss.

• A letter from Pnigcerda, and another from Am-
purdan, agree in stating, that the Miquelets who
were raised in Roussillon, with the promise of three
pesetas a day, and the booty of Catalonia, have been
basely deceived, and conveyed to the north in chains.
VELASSA DE MAR, OCT. 7.,—With respea to the
French we are now much at our ease; for 5000
Miquelets, encamped at San Geronimo de la Murta,
under the command of the brave Colonel D. FRAN-
CISCO MELANS DEL BOSCH, pole& us against any
attempt the French may make' in this quarter.—
Their sallies now do not extend beyond tile distance
ofa gun-shot and a half from the walls of Barcelona ;
and their vedettes and advanced parties fly the instant
a few Miquelets make their appearance. The rein-
forcements daily arriving at our head-quarters at
Villatranca, among which are 6000 troops of Arra-
gon, under the command of the Marquis De. LAZAN,
and 280 of the Spanish hussars who have landed at
Tarragona, will completely hem in the Mousieurs,
who now do little more than harrass with their in-
quitous decrees the unfortunate and distressed inha-
bitants. of Barcelona.

We'have advice from Roussillon that there were
10,000 young conscripts under orders to enter Spain,
but that they had been countermanded ; and it ap-
pears: that they wiil confine themselves to the de-
fence of their own territory, in case of an invasion
being attempted by the Spaniards. The inhabitants
of Rousstlion are dissatisfied with the infamous con-
duet of the .French troops in Spain. They are deter-
mined taut to submit to the terrible conscription de-
manded by BUONAPARTE j and assert, that if the
Spanish troops should enter 'their country, respelling
their persons and property, they will with the great-
est pleasure submit to Spain. The inhabitants of
the frontier towns are sending into the interior their
money and moveables, being apprehensive of an
irruption on our part. In the environs of Junquera
we have 12,000 men, consisting of Miquelets, and
the second batlalion of the Volunteers of Barcelona,
under the command of Don NARCISO LAVALETC.

Government, we are assured, have it in contempla-
tion to send out supplies of beef from Ireland, and of
oats, as well as hay, from this Country, for the supply
of our troops in Spain.
A letter from Heligoland, dated Nov. i, says,
" Private advices state the situation of Austria as quite
warlike, and consider the commencement of hostili-
ties between that Power and France as inevitable.—
The two Emperors expeded on the 14th of Oaoher
to be joined by the Emperor of Austria and the
Archduke CHARLES j but being disappointed, they
left Erturth that evening, not at all in the same opi-
nion upon some points. Russia's application, in
conjunttion with Fiance, to Great Britain, is repre-
sented as constrained, and done by ALEXANDER 10
give him an opportunity of separating himself from
NAPOLEON upon something like fair terms. I have
reason to think that all this will prove pretty accu-
rate."

There are letters from Holland of the 7th instant,
by which we learn that it was in the contemplation
of the Dutch Government, the more effeclually to
-preyebt the further introduolion of goods of British
manufaCture by any means into Holland, to cause
that au account immediately be taken of all such
goods in the warehouses and she/pi or ►merchants and
traders, the- whole of which the proprietors were to
be at liberty to sell; but a law was to be passed,
prohibiting the receipt of stick) goods in future, on
pain of seizure and confiscation. Notwithstanding
all these severe restrithons, the Want of Colonial
produce is so severely telt in France, that it is con-
fidently asserted that BUONAPARTE has consented
that the ports of L'Orient and Vasnes shall not, in
future, be closed against neutral vessels laden with
those articles.

Four Portuguese sailors contrived to make their
escape from Flushing, in an open boat, on the 7th
inst. and arrived at Deal on Wednesday night last.
They report that there were nine Sail of the Line, a
.50 gun Ship, and a Frigate, lying ready to sail at an
hour's notice, if they could escape the vigilance of
the British Squadron.
LORD DottcllESTEß.—Yesterday died suddenly,
the Right Honourable GUY CARLETON, Lord DOR-
CHESTER, Knight of the Bath, a General in the
Army, Colonel of the 4th, or Queen's own Dra-
goons, Governor of Fort Charletnont in Ireland,
and Governor-General and Cotrnander-in-Chief in
Canada. His Lordship is succeeded in his title and
estate by his eldest son THomAs, now Lord Doe-
CHESTER, a Genera] in the Army, Lieutenant-Go-
vernor of New Brunswick, and Colonel en second of
..the 60th Fo,it

MIDDLESEX COUNTY MEETJXG.

Yesterday a Meeting of the Freeholders of Mid-
dlesex was held at the Mermaid, Hackney, to ad-
dresS his Majesty on the late Treaty concluded by
the British Officers in Portugal.
The SHE,RIFFS stated the purport of the Meeting,
and the requisition signed by several respeCtable
Freeholders.
NIE CLIFFORD, the Barrister, then made an Ad-
dress to the Freeholders on the disgrace attached to
the Convention, and having dilated on the right
which the subjects of this Realm had to petition the
King, concloded by moving the Address, which was in
-substance as follows :—" That your Majesty will
be pleased to take into consideration, that the li-
berty of petitioning the Throne on every important
occasion, is an inalienable right derived from our
ancestors. That the late disgraceful Convention in
Portugal, which has disappointed our best founded
expectations, calls for immediate enquiry; and that
your Majesty should immediately assemble your
Parliament, to take the most efficacious measures to
discover and bring the delinquents to justice. That
we humbly assure your Majesty, that whosoever
advised the Answer to the late Address of the City,
aided in violation of the principles of the Constitu-
tion, which placed your Majesty on the Throne."
Mr. REDHEAD YORKE said, that the Convention
of Cintra had his decided disapprobation, as well as
that of the-Gentleman who had prepared the Ad-
dress, but he could not give his sandion to the in-
sertion of other matter which was totally extraneous.
Instead of confining themselves to the purpose of the
Meeting, they proposed to give his Majesty a leCture
on the Constitution of the British Army, and advised
steps, which, if adopted, would subvert the military
code of the country. He was happy, however, to
hear the Gentleman who had opened the subject
disclaim all party 'views, for, in his opinion, the
hickerings of political parties in the present situation
of the country amounted to constructive
The first part of the Address which he should exa-
mine, was that which censured his .Majesty's Mi-
nisters for the answer which had been given to the
Address of the Corporation of London. That an—
swer, he said, was such as they deserved, for sure-
ly they could not pretend that their Address was not
the work of party. Had they prayed for investiga-
tion when the particulars arrived and were published,
the answer might indeed hive been reprehensible ;
but 'when the Address had not been presented for
upwards of two months after, she hats were before
the public, and that it was notorious that an inves-
tigation was to take place, he thought the condu&
of the Citizens of London highly reprehensible, and
deserving of the censure they had received. Their
condual, as well as that of several other bodies over
the kingdom, had been produced by the intrigues of
party. After his Majesty's Royal word had been
pledged that orders had been given to investigate the
causes which had produced an event which disap-
pointed the hopes and expectations of the people, a
Meeting had been held of the inhabitants of West-
minster, ostensibly to petition for that very thing
which his Majesty in Council had promised, but
really to discuss matters entirely unconneCted with
it, such as a Parliamentary Reform, the Abolitibn of
Sinecure Places and Pensions; things very good in
themselves, but totally irrelevant to the question be-
fore them. A Court of Inquiry, which had been so
much objecled to, had many advantages over a
Court Martial, inasmuch as they were not confined
in their investigation to the conduct of any particular.
Officer or Officers, but had the power of examining
whom they pleased, whether the parties were em-
ployed in the military department or not. Neither
the Members nor the Witnesses were examined on
oath, which was a Circumstance more likely to elicit
truth than the rigorous and confined forms of a Court
Martial. As the subjeCt could not possibly undergo
an investigation in Parliament, he could not see any
necessity for convening that body for that sole pur-
pose, and he should not say any thing inure on that
head. He should therefore move, as an Amendment
to the proposed Address,
" That the Freeholders of the County of Middle-
sex should express their thanks for the many ad-
" vantages which they enjoyed under his Govern-
" ment, thank him for having ordered an Inquiry
" into the causes which led to the late Convention in
" Portugal, and express their approbation of the
" mild and just rebuke which his Majesty gave the
" Corporation of London."
But as there appeared to be considerable objeaion
to the latter part of the Motion Mr. YORKE con-
sented to expunge it.
Mr. WELLS seconded the Amendment.
Mr. WAITHMAS and Major CARTW RIGHT spoke
in support of the original.
Mr. MELLISH said, it was indecent at this time to
address the Sovereign on the subject of the Treaty ;
his Majesty had given his gracious word to proeiote
proper inquiry, and the Freeholders ought to wait
until the Court of Inquiry (which would shortly be
held) had decided, If justice should not be done
by their decision, then the Freeholders might come
forward, and he would willingly join with them in an
Address to obtain the desired object.
Mr. WAITFIMAII next observed, that be was con-
scious the inquiry would not be made, unless Minis-
ters were spurred on to it.

Mr. BYNO rose and said, he had expressed his
disapprobation from the first moment he heard of
the Treaty in Portugal, because it had injured the
honour of his country, acrd the cause winch it was
the glory of every Briton to espouse. He approved
of the present Address, and he was also anxious to
express his sentiments on the late reproof to the
Citizens of London. Odious as the Treaty of Cin-
tra was, it would be still more odious to be silent on
the reproof alluded to. It was the right of subjects
to petition the King, and said, if they did not join
hand and heart in support of that right, our liberties
were lost for ever. He concluded by giving his sup-
port to the Address.

The question was then put, and after some clam-
our and a division, the Address was carried.
Mr. CLIFFORD then moved, that the Address
should be signed and delivered to the Sheriffs, and
that the latter should inquire of the Secretary of
State when the same could be presented, in order
that they might obtain a knowledge of the precise
time, and publish it in the papers. This motion
was unanimously agreed to.
The thanks of the Meeting was then.voted to the
Sheriffs tor their liberal conduct in the chair, and it
was resolved that the proceedings should be publish•

ed in the INTorning Papers. The Sheriff.t.nally re-
turned 'thanks for the -honour conferred upon them,
and they expr:ssed a hope, that the decorum wil:ch
marked that assenibly wonkl re,.inait) 3t) example for
similar fncetins..,
