lade. We have heard that the Tory gentleman and horse
are getting better.

CAL NE.
Where, and oh where, is poor' Old Glory' gone ?"
Public notice having been given that Sir Francis Burdett
would meet the electors at Caine on Tuesday afternoon, his
Committee assembled at the White Hart Inn, where a des-
sert was provided. Several of his supporters, attended by
a band of music, were ready to receive him at the entrance
of the town. After a lapse of two hours it was announced
that Sir Francis had not been heard of, and it was feared
he would not be in Caine that evening. Mr. Walker He-
neage addressed the persons who had assembled in front of
the Committee Room, and proposed a cheer for Sir Fran-
cis. This proposition was received with groans, and not a
single cheer was given. The erection of scaffolding for the
Leicestershire Baronet had the effect. we suppose, of
driving him away, he not wishing to exhibit on such a
building at present.

EAST CUMBERLAND NOMINATION

(From an Extraordinary Express of the Advertiser and
Morning Herald.)
CARLISLE., THURSDAY, Three o'Clock.
This being the day appointed for this election, the town
presented the most animated scene, as the hour of nomina-
tion approached; the friends of Major Aglionby and Mr.
James were the first to approach the busting in a cavalcade
of horsemen, the greatest in number we remember to have
seen.

They rode round the hustings, and then withdrew to make
room for that of Sir James Graham, which was also so very
numerous as to lead one to imagine that out of Carlisle,
another horse could not be met with in the county. It was
evident that a greater degree of interest and excitement
never, on any former occasion, pervaded the county.
The arrangements made by the sheriffs were uncommonly
judicious, and the reporters were placed in an excellent
situation in front of the hustings.
As soon as the usual preliminaries were gone through by
the under-sheriff, owing to the illness of the high sheriff,
Sir GEORGE Musoaave presented himself fo-r the pur-
pose of placing Sir James Graham in nomination, but was
received with such shouting that we could hear little of what
he said. We understood him to say, that the conduct
of Sir James Graham in Parliament was such as entitled
him to the support of the electors, and he trusted that
they would return him triumphantly once again as their
representative.
Captain IRWIN seconded the nomination, and contended
that Sir James Graham was the man of all others best
calculated to rescue the country from the hazardous posi-
tion into which it was plunged by restless agitators.
HENRY HOWARD, Esq., of Greystoke, in proposing Wil-
liam James, Esq., of Barrack Lodge, said that that gentle-
man had served the public for some years, though he had
represented that county in only one Parliament, and in the
whole course of his career no one could accuse him of in-
consistency.—( Hear.) That, perhaps, in some quarters,
would be considered an advantage to him.—(Hear, hear.)
His enemies said he was a tool of Mr. O'Connell and the
Pope, and that he was nearly allied to Mr. Roebuck. He
was also said to be a revolutionist, but he could assure the
electors he was not such a terrible fenny as was represented.
Ile certainly held the opinion that the corn laws should be
revised, but surely that was no reason for calling him an
enemy to agriculture. They might as well say that Sir
James Graham was an enemy to agriculture, because he
voted for retaining the malt tax. He was also said to be an
enemy to the Established Church and religion. This he
denied, for on the contrary lie was most desirous to support
it, though he wished to extend its usefulness, by reforming
those nuisances which Sir James Graham himself had said
ought to he abated—(Cries of" Hear," and cheers.) He
also thought the Bishops should attend to their ecclesiastical
duties, instead of meddling with politics in the House of
Lords. He denied that Mr. James could be considered
as a revelationist ; but it was a fact that every man who at-
tempted to benefit the country was called a revolutionist. Sir
R. Peel was so called when he brought forward the
Catholic Relief Bill,
,and Lord Grey was similarly desig-
nated when he proposed the Reform Bill. He vt'ould
like to ask Sir James Graham whether he considered the
King of Hanover a revolutionist ?—(Cheers, and a laugh.)
He felt bound to state that he opposed Sir James Gra-
ham entirely on public grounds. He gave him every
credit for holding sincere opinions, but he only regretted
that those opinions were not better known to the electors
two years ago.—(Cheers.) What he chick complained
of in Sir James Graham was, that he asserted he had not
changed his opinions. If that were true, what a singular
position the electors were in ! They were clearly entitled
to the appellation of so many Jim Crows.—(A laugh.)
This, however, was not the case, and the electors must
well know that if they should elect Sir James Graham
they would be sending a Tory as their representative,
and would show themselves contented to send another
passenger to the Derby dilly.—( A laugh.) Mr. Howard
concluded by placing Mr. James in nomination.
JOHN GILL, Esq., seconded the nomination, and said
they might rely upon it that Mr. James was not the man
that would state one thing on the hustings, and another
iu Parliatnent.—(Cheers.)
Wiestast CR A CKE NTHORPE, E7q., placed Major Aglionby
in nomination, a task which, he said, was as agreeable to
him as he believed it to be consonant to the feelings of the
majority of the constituency of the county.—(Cheers.) his
duty was twofold—on the one hand it was agreeable to
him, for he had to state why lie supported Major Aglionby,
and, on the other, it was painful, because he had to state
:vim' it was that he had abandoned the Right Hon. Baronet.
A consistent, firm, and determined Reformer was the man
whom they ought to select, and such a one he was happy
to propose to them in Major Aglionby, who was a usefel
country gentleman and a nngistrate, and whose conduct
had ceused him to be elected, as their Chairman, by his
brethren in the Commission of the Peace. He was a de-
termined reformer of every abuse in Church and State,
and in such a character he that day presented him to the
constituency, and hoped that they would give him a more
extended sphere of' usefulness, by bestowing on him their
confidence in conjunction with Mr. James.—((,heers.)
with respect to the Right Hon. Baronet, lie had severed
himself from those xith whom lie had been intimately
connected for more than twenty years, and had linked
himself with those whom he had described as the worst ma-
terials possible for the formation of a good Government.—
(Hear.) The Right Hon. Baronet had subsequently declared
he would not offer a factious opposition to the Government
of Sir R. Peel, but it was known to the whole country that
he had not hesitated a factious opposition to the Liberal
Government, composed of his old colleagues,—(Cheers.)
He then entered into a discussion on the conduct of the
Right Hon. Baronet on the Appropriation Clause, on the
Irish Municipal Corporation Bill, and on the Church Bill,
condemning the course lie had pursued as being both unjust
and impolitic. He concluded by stating that whenever the
Tories decided upon an opposition to the Government the
Right Hon. Baronet was always to be found fighting in
their ranks, and not as a subordinate, but in every instance
in the character of a leader against his old associates. And
lie must say lie could not envy the ease with which the
Right Hon. Baronet flung off his old friends and colleagues.
Sir James Graham attempted to defend his conduct by say-
ing, that when lie formerly acted with the Government they
had not made a compact alliance with Mr. O'Connell ; but
he asserted that the very same compact alliance that now
existed between the Government and Mr. O'Connell also
existed, and perhaps more closely between Mr. O'Connell
and the Government of Earl Grey. That Noble Lord had
admitted that he offered office to Mr. O'Connell, and he
o
be jTme caHtnoe des
0. t
nose AlAulLdr
c.
Eod
L'br)Cy,o
proposingEnnseql.l,' sott.a A,okingianoj
eoffihr
g?
o.
nTbhye. Hon. Gen-
would ask the Right Hon. Baronet whether he had then
seconded
ill,
the no-
mination, and said he had no doubt but Sir James Graham
would find that political principle and integrity was not to
be violated with impunity.—( Hear, hear.) They had
heard much of anarchists, but it appeared to him that there
could be no greater anarchists than those who, by their con-
duct, destroyed all public confidence in the principles of pub-
lic men.--(Cheers.) He trusted that the electors would
look to the acts of the Right Hon. Baronet for the last two
years rather than to the hypocritical cant by which he, doubt.
less, would seek to delude them.
Sir JAMES GRAHAM then addressed the electors amid
considerable uproar. He said, " I can assure you that if
you will afford me a hearing, it will give me much pleasure
to endeavour to answer some of the accusations which have
been made against me.—(lnterruption.) I think I can ap-
peal with confidence to the justice of my countrymen. You
have heard with' patience the strong accusations which have
been made against me. I now call upon you to hear my an-
swer, and I am confident that when the passing anger of the
present moment shall cease to exist., you will not regret hav-
ing acted justly. If it be your pleasure not to hear me, I will
not force myself upon your attention, but this I will say,
that though the gentleman who seconded the nomination
of Mr. James was pleased to call me a renegade baronet,
he will find that I am not about to run away from this
contest. I will, at all events, redeem the pledge I have
given, that every elector for this county shall have an op-
portunity of recording his vote, for I assure you that no
temptation on earth could tempt me to depart from the
assurance I gave in answer to a requisition calling upon
me to come forward—that every elector in East Cumber-
land should have an opportunity of declaring his senti-
ments upon this occasion."—( Here the uproar in front of
the hustings became so loud that the Right Hon. Baronet
ceased speaking.)
Mr. AGLIONBY, the Member for Cockermouth, ad-
dressed the crowd, and called upon them as Englishmen
and lovers of fair play, to hear Sir J. Graham. Let it not
be said that they had listened to the accusation and re-
Nivea not to hear the defence,

The UNDER-SHERIFF said that unless order-were kept it
would be his painful duty to adjourn the Court.
Order having been to a certain extent restored, Sir James
Graham once more proceeded to address the crowd. He
said, " Mr. Under-Sheriff, I thank you and the gentlemen
on the opposite side for the efforts which you and they,
have made to procure me a hearing. I never yet ap-
pealed to an assembled multitude of my countrymen asking
for justice and met with refusal ; and I do not expect that
in this, my native county, which I have endeavoured to
serve in public nearly twenty years, you will act so harshly
as to refuse me the privilege of answering the attacks which
have been made upon me. 1 will therefore, without further
preface, proceed to do so. Mr. Crackenthorpe has spoken
of rancour and bitterness on my part towards old friends.
I am sorry to sey that on the present occasion an example
has been afforded of the truth of an observation which, per-
haps, is true of politics as of the tender passions, that
6 Love once past, is at best forgot,
And oftener turns to hate.'
The gentleman who last addressed you has exhibited not only
the heat which sometimes characterises political opponents,
but made use of language which, on more calm reflection, I
think he will regret.—(Cheers and uproar.) I think I heard
the gentleman I allude to say that I would be taught the les-
son that political honesty was the best policy ; and the gen-
tleman who seconded Mr. James talked of the renegade
Baronet, who had run away.' I think my presence here to-
day is a proof that I entertain no intention of running away,
and can assure you I will redeem the pledge I have given,
that every elector shall have an opportunity of recording
his opinion by his vote ; and until I am rejected on a full
poll of the county, I-will not believe that my past services
are thought so lightly of as my opponents represent. Igo
to the poll, without the least apprehension as to the result.
—(Cheers and disapprobation.) With reference to the
accusations which Mr. Crackenthorpe has preferred against
me, I beg to say that I do not stand here as a culprit, to
be put on my defence. On the contrary, I stand here the
advocate, in a great emergency of public affairs, of certain
great principles, upon which you have to pronounce your
decision: - Compared to mere personal consideration, these
matters are of paramount importance. I will not dissemble
in the slightest degree the difference between me and one of
the candidates opposed to me. It is said that Mr. James
is consistent in his political views ; I admit it, and it is
because he is consistent, that I am directly opposed to him.
—(Great uproar.) I will tell you the real points you have
to decide. The question is, whether you will elect a con-
sistent Conservative Reformer for your representative, or a
Destructive Radical ; whether you will choose the avowed
friend of Mr. O'Connell, or his decided adversary ; whe-
ther your choice will be in favour of those steady, progres-
sive, but discreet improvements which the Queen, from her
throne, has recommended, or whether you will rush head-
long on the violent, fearful, and extreme changes which are
advocated by Mr. James? I allude here to the destruc-
tion of the hereditary Peerage, household suffrage, and the
vote by ballot. I tell you that these are changes of a de-
cidedly republican character, and incontistent with the form
of Government wider which we live. These are the points
on which your decision is to be taken. The eyes of the
British nation are fixed on this contest, and its result will
influence public opinion materially. Ido not shrink from
the contest."—( Here the noise which had been increasing
for some time in loudness, rendered it impossible for the
Right Hon. Baronet to make himself heard, and he con-
cluded by saying) " Since it is not your pleasure to hear
me, I will not longer trespass on your attention."
Mr. JAMES then came forward to address the multitude,
but a scene of great turmoil and confusion took place
which lasted for nearly a quarter of an hour, during which

from the symptoms of riot which began to evidence them-
selves, and the determination evinced by a considerable
portion of the crowd not to hear the Liberal candidates,
as the Conservative would not be listened to, many per-
sons on the hustings dreaded that a renewal of the scene
which occurred in West Yorkshire would have taken
glace. After a considerable commotion, however, silence
was at length procured, when Mr. James said that he be-
lieved a large portion of his constituents were anxious that
he should still continue the services which they had selected
him to perform on the last occasion on which they had exer-
cised the privilege of the franchise ; and he could assure
them that, although he might not have done all that he
ought to have done, and certainly lei:s than he wished, yet
he could proudly say that he had not done anything which
could have forLited their good opinion and their confidence.
—(Cheers.) As had been said by his friend Mr. Howard,
and. truly so, his public conduct, although he had served
them but for a limited period, was, nevertheless, long known
to them.--,(Cheers.) When he was last before them on
the hustings, he had explained to them his opinions, and
had decared the principles upon which he would act if he
was returned by them to Parliament. Since then he had
endeavoured to follow up thsse principles consistently, for
the benefit of the country ; and if he had again the honour
to be elected by them, he would accept the trust confided
to h7m with unabated zeal, and would do his best for Cum-
berland and for the country generaliy—(Cheers and disap-
probation)—more especially he would endeavour to get the
benefits of that reform for them which they bad all struggled
to obtain.--(Hear, and cheers.) He had still the seine
detestation of Tory principles and of Teryism as ever,
_ _

for he believed them to be subversive of the rights, the
privileges, and the liberties of mankind, whilst the assertions
of the party, in reference to the alleged attacks on the in-
stitutions of the country, served but to alarm the weak-
minded, and to form excuses for the renegade voter.—
(Hear, cheers, and disapprobation.) It was very conve-
nient for his opponents to ally him, as they did the Minis-
try, with Mr. O'Connell ; but his friend Mr. Howard had
stated to them -the truth when he stated that this was not
the case. He did not disavow any connection with Mr.
O'Connell, for he was his friend, and when lie thought that
he was wrong, he did not hesitate to vote and to speak
against him.—(Hear, cheers, and disapprobation.) Bu:,
many persons had told him that theS, would not vote for
him because he supported Mr. O'Connell, who was a dan-
gerous man.—(Cheers.) Now be (Mr. James) did not
think so—(Hear)—but if he were, what was it that had
made him so? The wrongs of Ireland.—L(Cheers.) And
how would they render him less dangerous ? By redressing
those wrongs.—(Cheers.) He had been told that it was de-
sired by him to establish Roman Catholic ascendancy and
Popery in this country, and the Tories certainly thought
that there was nothing too bad of this nature, which was not
desired to be done, but he (Mr. Janes), as the friend of
freedom, would repel the charge. He wished to get rid
of the abuses which would prove injurious to the Con-
stitution, to remedy its defects, and to cause it to work
harmoniously for the general good. And then in reference
to the organic changes which were spoken of as requisite
in the House of Lords, he was- not an advocate for the
abolition of that House. He did not think that if the
reforms to which he alluded were carrried, it would be
necessary to get rid of it ; but he would maintain that
if it did not harmonise with the Constitution of the empire,
it ought to be got rid of.—(Loud cheering and disapproba-
tion.) But he hoped for better things for the future.—
(Hear.) He wished to preserve all that was worth pre-
serving in the institutions of the country, and to destroy
what was not worth keeping.—(Hear and cheers.) But
the reply of the Tories now was the same they gave whilst
the Reform Bill was passing through the Legislature ; it
was said that if they got rid of the rotten boroughs they
would destroy the Monarchy and overturn the Established
Church.—( Hear.) Now amongst the charges brought
against him were that he was the enemy of religion, and
wished to overthrow the Church, but he would say that if
he were the enemy of the Church—the Church which he
wished to reform, and was, therefore, declared to be its
enemy-4f he were the enemy of the Church the
thing by which he would most gratify his enmity would be
not to promote a reform of it—(Cheers and disapprobation)
—for he knew that it was,by withholding it the real danger
would be created. He was, and had been all his life, a
sincere Member of the Church of England. He had done
his best to promote its interests and usefulness ; he wished
to give it his honest support, and he knew that a reform of
it would be the best means of strengthening it.—(Cheers.)
He did not want to alienate the revenues of the Church
from strictly religious purposes, but he thought that a re-
distribution of Church property should take place, by which
they would afford the greatest possible amount of instruc-
tion to the greatest 'number of persons, and by remunera-
ting the Clergy according to the amount of their services.
At the same time he thought it right that all men should
enjoy the right to observe the form of worship which they
believed to be the best ; whereas the Tory principle—that
of Sir James Graham—was to denounce the religion of a
large portion of the people, and thus alienate their affec-
tions. The Honourable Gentleman then referred to the
opposition of Sir J. Graham to the Irish Municipal Bill;
although he might, perhaps, vote with the Duke of Wel-
lington next session. In respect to the Irish Church,
Protestantism was not the religion of Ireland ; and there-
fore the State had a right to deal with any surplus
which might remain, after the religious instruction of the
Protestants was provided for, to the purpose of -the in-
struction of the majority, and this he considered would
be instrumental in promoting peace and' prosperity in
that beautiful land:; whereas at present there were there
now 800 parishes in which there was hardly a resident
Protestant.—(Hear.) Many of the clergy had their
thousands a year without any congregation, while in other
places there were congregations without pastors. With
regard to the agricultural interest, his private interests
were bound up with it, but he was anxious that justice
should be done to all parties. He wished for an abolition
of the present Corn-laws, and the adoption of a fixed
rate instead of a fluctuating scale of prices. He wished
that the farmer should have a fair price for his corn,
and that the workman should buy his loaf at a reasonable
price. Mr. James then quoted Sir J. Graham as an
authority in his favour, and quoted a passage from the

publication of the Right Honourable Baronet to sustain
his recommendation of a fixed rate of they-. With regard
to slavery, he would say that, if he were sent to Parliament,
he would do all in his power to carry out in its spirit, and
in its letter, that Bill which had cost the country so much
money. Sir J. Graham was in the habit of saying that the
present was a weak and inefficient Administration. If it
were so, the electors had the power to render it less so, by
turning the Right Hon. Baronet out. The contest was
not between Sir J. Graham and himself, but between prin-
ciples ; and God grant that the electors might chose the
right for their country's interest. He was happy to tell
them that our Gracious Queen had discharged from about
the Court every man, 'woman, and child that was a Tory,
and lie hoped the electors woulc folloW out such an illus-
trious example by turning out of Parliament as many 'Ferias
as-they could. '
Major AGLIONBY said it must be perfectly unnecessary
for him to offer' any 'apology for his appearance there.
Urine. in retirement in the bosom of his family, and entirely
occupied with agricultural pursuits, he was happy in his
station, secluded from politics, and seldom exceeding the
limits of his own field, and anxious only to do a good turn
to his neighbours when he could, he was contentedly going
along the stream of life ; but being called upon by a large
body of the electors to represent the eastern division of the
county along with his friend Mr. James, he could not re -
sist the call of his country.' He'thought it proper and 're-
spectful to the electors to say that be Concurred in all the
liberal and enlightened views Of bird Melbourne's Go-
vernment, and acknoWledged, in common with the rightly
thinking people of the country, the deep debt of gratitude
which we owed to our gracious Queen, for having, with ail
the cordial confidence of an open heart and generous feeling,
placed herself in the hands of that administration. With
respect to our youthful Queen he would say in the words of
Shakspeare, " She promises a thousand thousand blessings
on this land, which time will bring to ripeness. Holy and
Heavenly thoughts accompany her." Who can read without
admiration, that passage in the Duchess of Kent's answer
to the address. of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the
City of London, in which she said that the greater the dif-
fusion of religious knowledge and the love of freedom in a
country, the more orderly, wealthy, and industrious were its
population. As long as our gracious Queen acted con-
sistently with such lessons she would be sure-to promote her
own happiness and glory, and the prosperity of her sub-
jects. Although he agreed with the principles which go-
verned the Melbourne Administration, yet he wished to be
underitood distinctly that he would never become a par-
tisan, and if the Government continued to resist vote by
ballot, and the repeal of the septennial act, or proposed
a renewal of the pension list, he would oppose them.
The ballot he thought necessary as a protection to the
poor voter from undue influence. He would advocate tri-
ennial parliaments and the abolition of Church-rates. It was
said they were no grievance, for that property was bought
and sold with those rates as a tax upo❑ it ; and, therefore,
the price was proportionate ; but it might just as well be
said that the house and window-tax should be perpetual,
because houses were bought and sold while those taxes were
in being.—(Cheers.) He would also support the appropria-
tion clauses of the Irish Tithe Bill, believing that the mea-
sure was calculated to promote the education of the Irish
people. He trusted, however, that this question would be
finally and satisfactorily settled in the next Session of Par-
liament. He should feel great pleasure in supporting Mr.
Spring Rice in reducing the expenditure ; aad if the Right
Hon. Gentleman -should propose the reduction of the malt-
tax, he should also support him ; for a more unjust or iniqUi-
tons tax, he believed, never had been in existence. He
called upon them to make the representation of East Cum-
berland such as it ought to be, by returning two Reformers
to represent them, and he trusted they would remember
that the eyes of the empire were upon them ; and in these
circumstances, that they would remember the signal of
Nelson at the battle of Trafalgar—" England expects that
every man will do his duty."—(Loud cheering.)
The SHERIFF then called for a show of hands, and cer-
tainly a large majority were held up for Messrs. Aglionby
and James, and the Sheriff accordingly declared them to
be duly elected.

Sir J. GRAHAM immediately demanded a poll, and the
Sheriff appointed it to take place on Monday morning.

WESTERN DIVISION OF CUMBERLAND.
COCKEEMOUTII, AUG. 2.—The nomination of candi-
dates fur the western division of the county of Cumber-
land took place here this day. Edward Stanley, Esq., of
Ponsonby Hall, and Samuel Irton, Esq., of Irton Hall,
the late Members, severally addressed the electors, again
off:ring their services, and as no other candidate had been
announced, the proceedings did nut excite much interest in

the county.
Tile UNDER S:IERIFF (Silas Saul, jun., Esq.) opened.
the Court at ten o'clock, and the usual formalities having
been gone through,
,THOMAS IRwrs, Esq., of Calder Abbey, came forward
to propose Edward Stanley, Esq., as a fit and proper per-
son to represent the division of the county of Currtherh.nd
in the ensuinc- Parliament.

JosErx STANGTA, Esq., of Kessykk, seconded the no-

min at ion.

Major LUTWIDGE, of Holm Rook, had much pleasure
in proposing for the third time, their tried representative
Samuel Irton, Esq., to be one of their Aleml)ers in the next
Parliament.

Tlio%/AS HOSKINS, Esq., of The High, seconded the
nomination in a brief ,ech, and no other elector hav-
ing a candidate to propose, the Under-Sheriff declared
Edward Stanley and Samuel Irton, Ergs., duly eketed.
Those gentlemen shortly addressed the assembled elec-
tors, avowing their continued attachment to Conserva-
tive principles, and their determination to support the
Protestant institutions of the country.

The proceedings did not occupy more than half-an-hour.

EDINBURGH ELECTION.

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2.

Hurrah for Dundee!—Sir Henry Parnell is returned by
a thumping majority of very nearly 300 I The bets have
been three to due against him. Some of his friends here
d:•spaired of his success. The result is very essential to
the Government. . .

The election for this county has been g on neck and
neck since its commencement. At four yesterday the
numbers %vere—

Mr. Gibson Craig (R) 640
Sir George Clerk (T) 624

They are now hard at work. At 12 o'clock this day
Craig was 11 a-head. At this moment (ontwo'elock) he has
27 majority over Sir George Clerk. I shall keep this open
till hall-past three.
A particular friend of mine has this moment come
press from Paris, and gone off to vote for the Refurm
can .lidate.

(FROM ANOTHER CORRESPONDENT.)
lIALF-PAST THREE—Craig is 39 a-head. All up with
Sir George !
Mid Lothian is carried by Mr. Gibson Craig—the exact
numbers not arrived, but nearly as follow :
Gibson Craig 713
Sir G. Clerk 689
Two of the districts comprehended in the above are cor-
rect ; the others nearly so. . .

. .
(Front the Scotsman.).
In our second edition at six o'clock, we shall be able to
announce the final result of this important contest. At the
close of the poll yesternight the numbers were—
Mr. Gibson Craig .. 640
Sir George Clerk
Majory for the Liberal candidate 6
The excitement in the town has been beyond all prece-
dent. Crowds were assembled at the polling booth, and
oppositC Mr. Gibson Craig's. Committee Rooms the whole
or yesterday, and they are equally numerous to-day. Every
report of the state of the poll which was in favour of Mr.
Craig, was received with enthusiastic cheers.

STATE OF THE POLL.
At half-past Eleven this forenoon, Mr. Gibson Craig's
majority had increased to 34. This includes the polls at
Mid-Calder and Dalkcith. We risk little in asserting that
the victory is now secure.
