HOUSE OF COMMONS.

On the motion of Sir IL PARNELL, the Re-
port of the Committee on the Holyhead Road Bill
was brought up, and the Bill was 6rdered to be en-
grossed and read a third time to-morrow.
General GASCOYNE brought up the report on
the Liverpool Charity Estate Bill.—Read a third
time and passed.
Mr. WARD moved for an account of all tines

imposed within the last three years on licensed
dealers in foreign wines, by the Board of Excise,
distinguishing those which were imposed for frauds
practised on the Revenue.

Lord CHANDOS presented a petition from the
county of Bucks in favour of the abolition of slavery.
Sir H. PARNELL brought up the Fourth Re-
port of the Committee upon the Public Eupenditure.
Colonel ARBUTHNOT presented a petition
Item the borough of Montrose, praying for a con-
tinuation of the bounty on the herring fisheries.
Mr. FERGUSON supported the prayer of the
petition. . _

After a few words from Colonel TRANT the pe-
tition was ordered to be printed.
Sir JAMES GRAHAM presented a petition
from the Clergy Magistrates and Inhabitants of the
City of Carlisle, praying for the abolition of Shivery.
Sir G. MURRAYw brought up papers relative to
the state of Honduras ; also, a Correspondence be-
tween the Governor and other authorities of the
island of Jamaica and the Colonial Office relative to
the state of Slavery.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. WOOD presented a petition from Leeds,
signed by upwards of 19,700 persons, against the
Additional Churches Bill. Also a similar petition
from the Society of Friends of Civil and Religious
Liberty, at Blackburn in the county of Lancaster.
Mr. J. WOOD also presented a petition from the
wife and children of a person named John Cattoe,
complaining of the conduct of the officers of Excise,
at Manchester.
Sir H. PARNELL presented a petition from
the Coach Proprietors of London, complaining of
the state of the Roads between London and St.
Albans.

Sir H. PARNELL then moved that a Commit-
tee be appointed to inquire into the state of the
Roads under the Wheatstone and Barnet Trustees.
—Agreed to.
ALE-HOUSE LICENSES BILL.

Mr. ESTCOURT moved that the amendments
of the Lords to the Ale-house Licenses Bill be read.
—Agreed to, and the Bill was ordered to be passed
to-morro

SPANISH BONDS.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH gave notice, that
on Monday next he would present a petition from a
great body of respectable Merchants of the City of
London; complaining of the losses they had sustained
to the extent of three millions by the non-fulfilment
of the convention entered into with the Spaniards in
the year 1823.
Mr. VILLIERS presented a petition frgin Mr.
Charles Pearson of the Adelphi, relative to the
Sheriffs (Ireland) Bill.
On the motion of Lord ASHLEY, the Bombay
Marine Bill went through a Committee, and the re-
port was ordered to be brought up to-morrow.
On the motion of Mr. H. TWISS the Slave
Removal Bill went through a Committee, and the
report was ordered to be taken into further consider-
ation on Monday next.
SMITHFIELD MARKET.
Mr. R. GORDON said he had given notice for a
Bill to enable the Corporation of London to shut up
Smithfield Market, or at least to prevent carts and
carriages from passing through it, on certain hours.
lie had learned, however, from good authority that
a Bill for this purpose must be introduced as a. Pri-
vate Bill, and he therefore reluctantly withdrew h
until next Session.
on of Mr. WYNN, the Lunatics'
EstateOn ti
N the mvaosordered to be committed- to-morrow.
On the motion of Mr. WYNN, the Insolvent
(India) Bill, was read a third time and
Debtor's (India) Bill was read a third time and
passed.
On the motion of Mr. WYNN, the Criminal
after some observations from Sir E, CAR-
and Mr. WYNN.
• GAME BILL.
Mr. S. WORTLEY moved the third reading of
passed,itjit'ssteiTc Justice
s, Mr. FEauttssoN,
the Game Bill.

After some verbal amendments the Bill was read
a third time.

[LEFT SITTING.]

TA' TERSALL's THIS DA 1

For the last few betting days the attendance and betting
has been very limited : such was also the case to-day--
Nothing new came out except the few alterations quoted
below. T 1 ey dosed as•follows:—
DONRASTEIt ST. T.T.G.T.R.
44 to 1 agst Colonel King's flossy Bedlam
41 to I Agit Mr. Petre's The colonel
5 to 1 agst Mr. Armitage's Velocipede
25: to 1 agst Sir T. Mostyn's Ultimatum
25 to I agst Mr. Marson's Murphy
30 to I agst Mr. Thornhill's Merchant
35 to 1 agst Mr. Llouldsworth's Terror
35 to I agst Mr. Metcalfe's Economist
35 tot agst Mr. Gascoigno's Louisa colt
40 to I agst Skyscraper
