Kairoa guothi—Fugit hora.
ABelief in the existence of the fountam of youth,
from which those who bathed in its waters gained a pristine
energy, was among the speculations of the 15th century ; it. will, how-
ever, serve as no inapt type of the revivifying powers of art and medicine.
Those who, early victims to a morbid imagination, have sought fatally to
anticipatethe purposes a nature, and have consequently lapsed into a
state which brings with it weakened capabilities and clouded hopes, may
by timely applicatiorito professional treatment, regain those first, noblest,
and best of powers that have been coincompromised b the criminal.propensi-
ties of „guilty solitude," the progress p
of which isy
marked by the " lym-
phatica „somnia" of Pliny; attended with bodily weakness and mental
apathy, We may indulge a natural exultation in referring to our daily
correspondence with grateful and convalescent patients, not confined to
our own country, but dillbsed over the whole world. For twenty-five
years has our peculiar treatment in cases of Nervous Debility proved emi-
nently successful, and we have hitherto resisted the earnest solicitations
of our patients to publish their ewes in a public address : the following,
however, has been so urgently pressed upon us by a medical friend, that
we have yielded town importunity sufficiently excusable by the gratitude
it evinces:—

" Dear Sirs—My fondest hopes are realized! Accept my most heart-
felt thanks; words are inadequate to express my unbounded gratitude.
May you long live to reap the rich reward of your labours in the teat.
rtent of that class of diseases which have hitherto baffled the skill of your
medical brethren.
Nov. ISM." Your's, most sincerely, L. H."
There are many disorders of the generative system (which, when com-
pared with the above, may be termed subordinate) that are consequent
upon the too free and indiscriminate indulgence of the passions, exhi-
biting in some, debility from excess, in others, the relaxing effects of a
tropical climate, and in many, indeed in how many, the various maladies
which afflict the student, the misanthrope, the gay, the dissipated, and the
libertine. In all these cases our practice, which embraces every grade in
uniformly successful;
society, from the man of rank to him of the humblest sphere, has been
and as secresy belong to our profession, the most
delicate and diffident may apply without fear or hesitation
MESSRS. GOSS and Co. are to be consulte.l every day at their resi-
dence; and Patients in the remotest parts of the country can be treated
?occessfuliv on transmitting their report, which will be immediately an-
swered; these must contain a remittic:ic for Advice and Medicine, de-
scribing minutely the cage, which can be forwarded to any pArt of the
world, however distant. No difficulty can occur, as the Medicines will b:
securely packed, and carefully protected from observation.
GOSS and CO. (M. R. C. Surgeons),
7, La, Strd, London.
Just published (twenty-first edition)-Incaster-lace )-Ist. ThepAEGIS cf an
LIFE, a fami-
-tar commentary on the above Diseases.-2d. HYGEIANA addressed
exclusively to the female Sex.-3d. The SYPHILIST, a Treatise on
I ues Venerea, Gonorrhoea, &c.
Ma
ybe had at 23, Paternoster-row, London ; 12, Calton. street FAI:n.
burgh; 86, Trongatc Glasgow; 72, Grafton. street, Dublin. P

POPULAR WORKS ON GEOGRAPHY.
NEW .EDITIONS of the following esteemed WORKS have been
lately published by BALDWIN and CRADOCK, London :_
GENER AL ATLAS of MODERN
GEOGRAPHY ; in Twenty-five 4to. Maps, with an
Index of air the names on the respective, Maps, their Latitude and
Longitude, and a direction to the Map on which each name is to
be found.

By J. C. RUSSELL, Geographer.
Half-bound in royal Bvo., and coloured, price 125., or with the
Maps uncoloured, price 10s.
2. RUSSELL'S ATLAS of ANCIENT GEOGRAPHY ;
iu Twenty-two 4to. Maps, with Index of names on the same plan,
and as a companion of the above. Royal Bro. coloured, price 12s.
half4.ound ; uncoloured, price 10s.•
3. RUSSELL'S ATLAS of ANCIENT and MODERN
GEOGRAPHY, together, in royal 4t0., with Consulting In-
dexes, price Us. 45., handsomely half-bound.
OSTELL'S GENERAL ATLAS, in royal 4t0., on an
enlarged scale, with a Consulting Index, containing references to •
every place laid down in the Maps, with the Latitude and Longi-
tude. Coloured Outlines, price 18s. half-bound, or 21s. full
coloured.
The same Work on Imperial Drawing-paper for the Li-
brary, price 11. 1 ls. 6d., handsomely half-bound.
N. B. The great attention paid to the above Atlasses, by con-
stantly adding the information gleaned from recent travellers, and
the thorough repair the plates are always kept in, have given to
them a decided advantage over every other Atlas.
5. The BIBLE ATLAS ; or Sacred Geography ; finely en-
graved and coloured, with a copious Index. Large tiro., price 12s.
half-bound, or uncoloured, 9s.
6. A NEW MAP of PALESTINE, and the adjacent countries,
from the best authorities. 24 inches by 38. Price 18s. coloured.
7. SCHOOL GEOGRAPHY, on a new, easy, and highly im-
proved plan. By JOSEPH GUY, late Professor of Geography at
the Royal College, Great Marlow. The Thirteenth Edition, cor-
rectod, royal 18mo. Seven Maps. Price 35., bound in red. A
KEY to the PROBLEMS. Price I. 6d.
8. GUY'S EPITOME of BRITISH GEOGRAPHYprice Is.
9. BRUCE'S INTRODUCTION to GEOGRAPHY and
ASTRONOMY, in 12tno. A new and enlarged Edition, price
only 6s. bd.

THE MARKETS.

COUNTRY CORN MARKETS DURING LAST WEEK.

Wheat. I Barley. Oats. Beans. Pease.
Ter Quarter. Is.tos.ls. to s. s. to a. s. s P. tO s.
C,tlisle • 63 37 45 29
Hex ham 43 CO 25 .28 16 2-2
M.irpeth • , 46 51 130 32 22 24 31 S 6 32 35
Penrith 69 40 95 53
Shrttield
62 39 23 50 46
Winchester 52 64 33 39 25 30 32 40
Per Bushel. s.rt. s.d. s. d. s. d. s. d. s.d. s. d. s. d 1. 4. cd
Carmartlicn........... 5.6 66 33 39 23 26 00 00 00 09
Cowbridge 00 72 56 00 20 36 56 00 00 00
Newcastle (Btsifi.) 6 0 ft 9 36 40 30 39 50 53 e 0 00
Northallcrton 60 73 36 46 33 40 56 60 00 00
80 8 6 4 0 4 8 3 0 3 4 6 0 6 7 00 00
Swaleaea 76 8 0 50, 5 6 2 6 3 6 0 0 00 00 00
Warwick 90 10 6 3 0 4 6 2 0 3 3 5 6 6 0 0 0 00
Per 8011. • I
Barnardeastle 130 160 00 90 60'86 B6 10fi 76 80
Durham 11l 0 159 96 106 56 80 80 109 90 106
Richmond 0 16 6 8 0 8 6 5 0 84 90 9 6 9 0 PC
Stockton 6 15 6, 13 6 90 50, 76 76 8G 00 00
WAKEFIELD CORN MARKET—Jan. 27
Wheat, Red, Norfolk and Suffolk 46a. 445. to —s. fine 641.
---- Lin. and Cam 44s. 475. to —s. fine 601.
------ Yorkshire 4ls. 40s. to —s. fine 561.
White

WAKEFIELD CORN -ARKET -Jan. 27
Wheat, Red, Norfolk and Suffolk , 461. 455. to -s. fine 645.
-------- Lin. and Cain.
---- Yorkshire 4ls. 40s. to -s. fine 561.
- White
---- Foreign, Red -s -s. to -a. fine --4
Whitt, -s. -s to -s. nne -L
Barley, Norfolk and Sof%lk
--- Lincolnshire 'ills. to 425. fine 431.
----- Yorkshire Wold ' 9s. to 425. fine 435.
-- Foreign
Beans, ()Id 47s. to 50s. fine --L
,
-- New 465. to 48s. tine -s
Oats, I'otato 12s. to 3.31. fine 345.
- Poland • -s 22.5. to 335. fine 341.
- Friesland and Small -s. 225. to 245. fine 28a
-- Mealing
Shelling
Malt -s. 445. fine 485. per Load.
Rapeseed

CORNWALL MARKETS.
(Calculated at 24 gallons to the bushel.)

Wheat. B'"TICY
-. Oats.
....._
6. d. to s. d. s. d. to s. d. s. d. to s. Gt.
Truro. 0 20 0 0 12 n 0 10 0
Helstone
8 0
S:. Austell... -. 0 20 6 --0 9 6 0
Bodmin 0 19 0 0 9 6 _0 • 8 6
Liskeard 0 17 0— 0 96 0 7 6
Launceston ......
Camelford l6 0 19 0— 0 10 0 7 0 8 0
Penzance l9 0 21 0 0 11 0 0 9 6
MINING INTELLIGENCE. Tons. Cwt. Qrs
Quantity of Copper Ore sold 2,843 21 0
Quantity of tine Copper
Average Produce 7
Amount of Sale, 1,5191. I Is. 6d.—Average Standard. 116/. 12s. OJ.

THE COMMITTEE OF THE POLISH
• EMIGRANTS RESIDENT IN LONDON TO THE
PEOPLE OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

The question which undoubtedly most merits the diligent
attention of every friend of Poland is how far the triumph
of the Polish nationality is connected with the emancipation
of those classes, which, with the exception of some short and
distant periods of successful revolution, have been excluded,
first by the supremacy of a privileged order, afterwards
by foreign conquest. from the enjoyment of civil and po-
litical liberty. Putting therefore aside for a time the
consideration; a consideration nevertheless in our opinion
of the utmost importance to Europe, of the utility and
necessity of the independence of Poland, whatever form of
internal constitution her unfettered people may think
proper to establish ; we readily acknowledge the right of
the British nation, when we appeal to them for friend-
ship and support, to inquire into the truth and sincerity
Of our assertion, that the sole object of our past struggles
and sacrifices, of our present endeavours is, the assimila-
tion of all classes in Poland, under the banner of civil and
political equality, and under the safeguard of laws permit-
ting property to he no longer monopolised by a privileged
minority. The justice or those principles flows from the
imprescriPtible rights of-man, the means ..and practicability
of their enforcement lie in the very nature of the Polish
struggle, the sincerity with which they have been professed
is vouched by the prOgreSsive tendency of our revolutions
during the last fifty years to enlarge the circle of democra-
tical ideas, and finally in the realization and full working
out of those principles, is embarked the fondest hope, the
imperative duty, and the political faith of the Polish people,
and of an immense majority of the emigration.

As representatives of a body forming part of that majo-
rity, we beg to solicit your attention to a further devclope-
ment of the four points above alluded to, in order that you
may be enabled to Come to a right judgment on the merits
of our cause.

1. We fully admit the right of man not only to be pro-
tected by civil laws, and to exercise political functions, with-
out any distinction, but to possess a just share. of the fruits of
the soil rendered fertile by his skill or industry. The old
fabric of the Polish monarchy founded upon Aristocratic
supremacy has fallen to the ground. The new edifice must
be the work and the inheritance of all. Its artificers will be
the people, its cement their union, its material the soil, no
longer the inheritance of the few, but the possession of the
many.
Whatever be the causes and excuses that may be justly
alleged for the anomalous state of ancient Poland, the fla-
grant and melancholy reality, that, during a long period,
ending with the latter part of the
.eighteenth century, a
great majority of her inhabitants were kept- in the vilest
condition of slavery, overrules all other considerations.
That privileged cast, the Polish nobility, cannot escape our
severest censure, either by urging their pristine and con-
stant attachment to the strictest equality, and its long
maintenance and development within their own circle ; or
by appealing to the leniency and benevolence, with which
they at frequent intervals alleviated the misery of the un-
protected class, and prevented all popularoutbreak. A true
appreciation of liberty would have made them anxious to
extend its blessings more widely. Their sympathy with
the wretched state of the peasants should have mani-
fested itself, not in unconnected and solitary measures of
magnanimity, but in the acknowledgment of general' right
and justice, not in merely securing the affections of the
people, but in investing them with an equal share of politi-
cal importance. Obstinate and improvident in their policy,
they saw their boasted democracy degenerate into anarchy,
and their benevolent spirit insufficient to exonerate them
from the charge of odious tyranny. That false policy is the
real cause of all Poland's misfortunes. Without emancipat-
ing the people in due time, our chivalrous and devoted nobi-
lity saved Christianity under the walls of Vienna, but a
century afterwards could not resist another invader under
the walls of their own capital. The state of other' coun-
tries at that period affords but a specious apology to those •
who considered themselves then the freest of all nations,
and who justly boasted that the peculiar form of their con-
stitution.bore no similitude to any other in Europe. In-
deed, it is a gross disregard of truth and histery to:com-
pare our nobility to the aristocracy, or to the electoral
body, in other countries, as has been clone by foes or friends
with the view of condemning or exculpating. The numeri-
cal strength of our nobility in proportion to that of the
other classes of the nation, their perfect equality, undis-
turbed by any feudal distinction, and imretrenclie.dby the
law of primogeniture, arc ample proofs of the fallacy of the
first comparison. On the other hand, a body acquiring by
birth civil and political rights, enacting the laws for them-
selves, scarcely ever remembering in their legislation that,
though they were the sole owners of, they were not alone on
the Polish soil, bears not the least degree of resemblance to
a constituency distinguished only by the electoral franchise
from the whole mass of the inhabitants, and entitled to the ex-
ercise of that franchise by property, the capacity of possessing
which is refused to no one, and thus constantly recruiting its
forces and seldom uninfluenced by opinion from below. The
peculiarity of their constitution ought to have preserved the
Poles from the fatality of imitating the example of other
nations, by clinging to the iniquities of former ages ; ought
to have led them to enlarge the sphere of its usefulness and
extend its spirit of freedom, by converting the privileges of
the democratic nobility into the rights of the whole people.
By so doing they would have justly commanded the grati-
tude of their posterity, whose present severe animadversion
of their faults shows at least the readiness to atone, and the
iron determination to retrieve them.
2. It requires no uncommon degree of acuteness to
arrive at the conviction, that the Polish struggle naturally
embodies in itself the assertion not only of national inde•
pendence against foreign conquest, but also of internal
equality against privilege, of the just partition of property
against its monopoly. Other nations more propitiously
situated, or who have already by long 'periods of uninter-
_rupted peace, and unimpeded prosperity, force, and enlight-
, cnment, secured to themselves an approximation towards
those principles, may avoid rapid changes and' convulsive
shocks by gradual advancement, and constant but gentle
amelioration. In Poland, whose progress towards the
realization of those principles has been unnaturally stopped,
the reinstatement of the lower classes in their natural rights,
must, if not invited and anticipated by great and voluntary
sacrifices on the part of the richer inhabitants, and perhaps
even then, be effected by violent transition and commotion.
But the achievement of national independence implies the
necessity, commands the use, of All pervading excitement
and commotion. Hence with us, in the very act of a
general rise against the enemy, social reorganisation finds
the most powerful auxiliary, the most essential condition for
its 'ultimate triumph.
This mutual dependence and connexion of external res-
toration and internal reform ; and the certainty of their
contemporaneous success, constitute the chief merit and
distinguishing character of the struggle of the present ge-
neration. They at the same time remove all probability of
democratic anarchy, or permanent danger to order and
society. Under their influence, violence assumes its most
dignified shape. Its whole strength will be turned against
the invader. A common peril, a common purpose, will in-
spire one party with the spirit of ample sacrifice, the other
with the spirit of moderation. And thus will be the most
sacred rights of man come out triumphant from a calamity,
which has levelled all ranks, erased every distinction, and
united the whole community in the general doom of mis-
fortune.
The arena of this conflict is not. confined to Poland. It
comprehends the whole of the cast of 'Europe. But the
peculiarity of position, the priority of misfortune, the su-
periority of knowledge and experience have assigned to
Poland the: glorious mission of vindicating the rights, ac-
knowledging the sovereignty, nay even creating the name of
the people, hitherto unknown in these countries. This is
what ennobles her task, stamps it with the character of
universality, Albs her triumph so fervently wished by the
Scalavonians, and even her fall, so useful, so pregnant with
a warning lesson 'to them. Russia, both by actual possession
and great poWer of aggressien, by the spirit of her govern-
ment as well as by her rage for conquest, stands foremost in
opposing might to the extension of those principles we have
mentioned. She is not a temporary antagonist, but a per-
petual destroyer, propagating a contrary and retrogadc
system' by force, maintaining it by terror, and at the same
time advancing its tenets by intrigue into the heart of ci-
vilised Europe.
Upon the retrograde system depends entirely the unity,
the power, the existence of that absolute monarchy. The
Czar is master of the lives and of the property of his sub-
_ jects. He is the head of the church and the dispenser of
justice. He enacts laws, generally on the spur of some
particular occasion, and reverses them at will, and ac-
cording to his caprice. In such a state, no guarantee for
individual security can ever exist. Property, which must
sooner or later call forth a certain degree of freedom, by
requiring some kind of protection, and by advancing know-
ledge and a sense of personal consequence, can never be
allowed to fall to the share of the people ; it must be kept
within the narrow circle of an aristocracy, which is itself
held in obedience by corruption, and the permission to
oppress with impunity the serfs, over whom they play the
