(14011 THE MOANING HERA,J.D.

According to the present arrangement, the Duke of Wel.
lington's Cabinet is composed of fewer members than has
been known for a number of years, the number being only
eleven. Lord Liverpool's Cabinet consisted of thirteen,
and Mr. Canning's of fifteen, which was the greatest num•
her, it is believed, ever in ..a Cabinet; and which deserved
the name which an Administration many years back got—
namely, " the mob Cabinet." The Secretary at War
and the Chief CommisSioner of the Woods and Forests, we
believe, are unprecedented offices in being called in to be
members of the Cabinet. These were members of Mr.
Canning's Cabinet. The office of the Chancellor of the
Duchy of Lancaster has for a length of time been considered
to be filled by a member of the Cabinet. In the case of the
late Mr. Pereeval, when he left the Bar, and took the office
of Chancellor of the Exchequer under the late Duke of
Portland, the emoluments of that office not being equal to
what he was gaining at the Bar, he also held the office of
Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, but which was so
strongly remonstrated against in the House of Commons,
the office being considered to be for a Cabinet Minister, that
he resigned it.
(PROM THE NEW TIMES.)
Nothing decisive has taken pace since our last in the
Ministerial arrangements 'which remained open. Mr.
Frankland Lewis has . been Mentioned as the proposed
successor to Mr. Lamb in the Secretaryship of Ireland,
but the report requires confirmation. • Lord Castlereagh,
we alai) find, though he had been suggested, has not yet
received the appointment of Under-Secretary for the
Foreign Department, and other candidates may succe.s-
. fully dispute the post with his Lordship, though his name
is a host in itself. It appears certain that the further con-
sideration of the East Retford business will produce a trial
of strength this evening in the House. His Majesty's Mi-
nisters are determined, we understand, to support their
proposition, that the . elective . franchise shall be ex-
tended to the Hundred of Bassetlaw instead of being granted
to Birmingham.. The Opposition are equally bent on be-
stowing the boon on, a branch of the commercial commu-
nity. The result will probably decide the fate not of the
Administration: but of Parliiment. For if it should ap-,
pear, however trifling the cause of the contest may be, that
Mr. Hnskisson, instead of retiring, 'as it was expected,
from public life, has accepted the:post' of Leader of the
Liberal and Whig Opposition, and should time result be a
majority against the part taken by Ministers, little doubt is
entertained that they would think it due to themselves and
to to the country, tp appeal' to their sense by a dissolution
of Parliament.

(FROM THE MORNING AI;VERTISER:)

. .
The Ministry is still the subject which is uppermost in
the minds of all who take the slightest interest in the affairs
of the nation ; and it pains us exceedingly that we have
no news of a more favourable character to communicate re-
specting it, than those who compose it are, in common
parlance, " at their wit's end," and that a dissolution of
Parliament has formed the subject of the late deliberations'
of the Cabinet. How far this remedy may, or may not,
benefit the country, is still a .problem ; but we believe there
is no doubt of itslapplication, and as little of its unpopula-
rity, with the Members of the House of Commons. A
seven years' Parliament in that quarter is a God-send—
a dissolution in three years—which is, however; a 'highly
constitutional measure—an evil which would gladly
be avoided. Looking at the constitution of the present
Ministry, however,—the- feebleness which is inherent
in it, and the formidable power which is inherent in the
Opposition—we do not sec how it is possible to avoid one
of two trietisures--a general resignation, .or a dissolution of
the body which can force a resignation. We pity Mr.
Peel, the Earl of Aberdeen, and the Duke .of Welling-
ton—not because they have in. any respect disgraced
themselves, orr-forfeited the confidence of the country;
but because being all capable of rendering important
services to their country, they have leagued themselves
to a party which the country detests, and from whose
best exertions neither they or it can derive the slightest
benefit. The adhesion of the Earl of Aberdeen, who
is not an Anti-Catholic as some of ottrootemporaries repre-
sent him, to the present Cabinet, is universally regretted.
His Lordship's private character is so unexceptionable, and
praiseworthy—his talents are so generally recognised as far
superior to those of the cominoti herd of politicians.-and
his information respecting the state and resources of the
different Continental Powers, so minute and accurate—
not to speak of his practical experience as a diplomatist—
that with any other colleagues be would be a host in him-
self. We fear for hint, howeskr, in his present situation ;
and fear the more because men, of whatever party, who are
driven. to their last resources, are seldom scrupulous • re-
specting the means which are likely to promote their ends.

SUNDAY PAPERS.
(mon THE NEWS.)

DtssoLutioN or PA 11.LIAMENT...4t is strongly, and in
our opinion rightly suspected, that the House of Commons,
accustomed as it is to swallow Ministerial doses of great
strength, will never he able to get down the New Virel-
linyton Cabinet Pill 1 and that Colonial Secretary, Sir 0.
Murray !, with
,Horace'Twiss for his Under-Secretary! .".
must stick in the arteria aspera or throat pipe ; if even
~ the other curiosities are gulped- down. In this case we
learn, that a dissolution of Parliament will take place.
Will such a measure, however, give the wished-for
rcaedu9ietruyt—.
aittid will
money at least
will
ac-
quiescence? In our decided opinion—it will not.
itsesoow dissolution ,f
l light
How-
ever, let the Ultras
try
hth thee est i
send some money
through
Him most acceptable there. We have heard, however,
also throw another cause.rh aricihg:tedif feeorrrteheet, expected
Parliament, which,
on the sudden break up of the late Administration—viz.,
-the proceedings of the Finance Committee—of that .very
committee, the formation of which broke in pieces the
.Goderich Ministry. The inquiries of this Committee are.
'now . it seems coming on very tender ground—on the
2518,000/. allowed by the French Government to British
claimants, but which sum has been expended on the fishery
gew-gawe at Virginia water. It is surmised that certain
members of the late Cabinet were by weans to be
blinded on this subject, and therefore pretences were eagerly
sought after to get rid of them ; and by the dissolution of
Parliament, of the Committee also. We would
recommend to such of our readers as have been at
the expend of buying 614-1 Calendars 'with every
change of Ministers, at once to cut out the leaf which
contains the Member,. of the Cabinet, and substitute a
manuscript leaf—for such have been the transformations of

tate years, that no yearly publication can keep pace with
theca. • The puppetsare now made to dance On their wires
PO quickly, that the pen alone can record their gambols.
Woods and Forests go to . the Duchy of Lancaster—the
Duchy goes .td 'the Foreign Office—a Quarter-Master
General from the Horse Guards is turned into a Secretary
of State, and a Barrister whcAe great coat pockets would
hold every brief he ever possessed, is given him as Under'
Secretary. It must either require very tritiling
qualifica-
tions duly to fill these offices, or the men in question must
possess very wonderful powers of versatility in state af-
fairs. We leave our readers to judge which of these is the case.

SECOND EDITION.
SUN OFFICE, Seven o'clock.

M PERJA L PARLIAMENT

HOUSE OF LORDS.

Sir A LEXA NDER. GitA NT. and others from the Commons
brought up the. Corn Bill, the Pensions Act Amendment
Bill,
,the Stamps Allowance Bill, the Law of Evidence Bill,
and the Csius College Bill.
Lord 1-Icwari brought up the Ayr and Gilder Naviga-
tion Bill. . .

After the prestntation of several petitions against grant-
ing any further concessions to the Catholics, and for the
abolition of slavery,
Earl GROSVENOR in presenting a petition from- the
silk throwsters of Congletoo, against the importa-
tion of foreign thrown silk said that he bad attended
before the adjournment, for the purpose of putting certain
questions on this subject to a Noble Earl not no 4, in his
place, but, at the desire of the Noble Earl he hag refrained
from putting the questions, as he stated that he wished to
consult with other Ministers in the Lower House, the Colonial
Secretary and the President of the Board of Trade; but it
so happened, that the Noble Earl was no longer, he be-
lieved,. a Member of his Majesty's Government, and
the distinguished persons who were to assist him with
their. advice were not at present in any public situation.
Under these circumstances, he (Earl Grosvenor) felt great
difficulty as to the course which he ought to'pursue. The
_Noble Earl proceeded to designate the various changes
which had lately taken place in the Ministry as highly dis-
satisfactory, and calculated to create discontent ;hroughout

the country.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said I am sorry I am
not prepared to answer the question of the Noble Earl, but
if be puts his question in a few days hence, I or some
other person will be able to answer then.
The Earl of DIALMSBURY thought the subject de-
served the most serious attention,

GRANT TO MR. CANNING'S FAMILY.
The Duke of WELLINGTON moved the first reading
of the Pensions Act Amendment Bill, • and gave notice of
the second reading on Friday next. The Corn Bill .was
read a first time, and the second reading
.was fixed next
Friday week.
The Scotch Peerage Bill was read a second time, and
the discussion is to be taken on the motion for going into
the Committee. _ _

After some further business of no particular interest, their
Lordships adjourned. .

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The gallery was crowded this day at au unusually early
hour, in consequence of the expectation which prevailed
that some discussion would take place on the late Ministe-
rial rupture. A sin:liter anxiety appeared to prevail in
the body of the House, as all the seats were taken by
Members.
The SPEAKER entered the House, at ten minutes before
four o'clock, and prayers having been read, the House pro-
ceeded to business.
[Mr. HUSKISSON, Mr. CHARLES GRANT, and• Lord.
PALMERSTON entered the House at five o'clock, and eat on
the neutral benches, under the gallery.]
Mr. Crafer, from the Treasury, presented certain ac-
counts connected with the Customs, pursuant to Act of
Parliament.

On the motion of Lord .HOTHAIII, the Ayr awl Cal-
der Navigation Bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. JONES presented a pertitiorr from the Mayor,
Burgesses, and Inhabitants of Caermarthen, against the
Bill for the suppession of the Small Note circulation. Or-
dered to lie on the table.
Colonel- POWEL presented a airniar petition from
Carlolff.
General PHIPPS also presented a similar petition ft.:lm
Scarborongh..'
Mr. APKINNPN presented a petition a petition from
Ipswich, praying fO'r the abolition of slavery. •
•• Mr. W. LAMB brought in a Bill to provide a public',
office for records in Ireland.—Read a first time, and or-
dered to be read a second time on Friday next.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from Devizes against:
the Act for the suppression of small notes.
-Mr. HART DAVIS Presented a petition from certain
Benefit Societies, against the Friendly Societies Bill. •
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition.6oin Glow:
ccstee, against the Bill for the suppression of small notes.
Sir T. MOST YN presented a similar petition front Mole.
Mr. HUME gaVe notice that, on Tuesday he would
move for an account of Stamp Duty crlleeted in India,•in
1823, and 1124.
Mr. MASTERTON URE presented a petition from
Weymouth, against the Small Note Act. •
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE presented petitions from Win-
canton and Wells, respecting the sale of Cider.
Mr., WHITMORE presented'a petition from Shiptop,
against any cOncessioh to the Catholics.
Mr. J. WOOD presented a petition front the manufac-
turers of Ashton-under-Lyne, praying for a minimum of
wages.
Mr. CRIPPS presented a petition from Cirencester for
the abolition of slavery. • .
Mr: THOMAS GOOCH presented two petitions to the
same effect, from Woodbridge and Thornton, in Suffolk.
Mr. SYKES' presented_ a petition front hull, against
the Friendly Society Bill. '
Mr. CALCRAFT presented a petition front Wareham,
against the Ale-house Licensing Bill.
Mr. HENRY 'GRATTAN presented a petition from
the Chamber of Commerce in Dublin, praying for a reduc-
tion of the duty on Coals imported into Ireland.
Mr. RAMSDEN presented a petition from Hudders-
field for the.abolition of Negro Slavery; and a similar pe-
tition from Bradfield.
Mr. PORTMAN presented a petition from Blandford,
against the Small Note Act.
Sirl. NEWPORT presented a petition from fire pa-
rishes in tha county of Mayo, complaining of the jurisdic-
thon of the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland.
