tNo.

Tars POLITICAL 'AI EM-F. NTC.) ; or, Extracts from the
:'precuts, during 1116 Last Sir Years, of .Near
Ilandred of Org mo.e, Distinguished Members. of.

both Houses of Parliament, on the Poriej, Con-

duct, cud Probable Result of the 117ar.,—PqrA
MAN, HURST,.P.EE, Or. Nip, and 'Brio w'N, Pa-

- • • - e
ternoslt.i4ow ; and Boo; ii viand Co. Bond-
street.—Pr3nter, 153.

boards, pp. 530, 8vo•:

The inefitthie .presnmption;• and arrogant pre,-

tensions, of the Politidallßirty; bet ter known
the self-given nnnie .of All The nteros, than by
Any otherAistinguishingfippellation ; their sound=
• ing bOasts anti niiseiable acts, their lofty' prt)-

• miss and abortive .perfOrmanees,, their e‘onsurn-
! innte `self-sliffic.iency (1 mist ,nninlppv- failure§
• in every 04)0 they lindertook,' tfot, brong,l4
these inter f!eneriti contempt nnc! deri,ion, but ihas
been the prolific source of nimumbered satires,
Jailpoons, hurlPscilles; and eariea

tures. Many: of these' Pad rperii, but, to our
entimis, they never came up to the essential spirit
Salim failed to affect that which

contaitid SO mueh satire in itself upon itself.
10'11:pools ,aryl llutlesques wvr.; only compa-
n:ons to that-which was the :zeta! of the bur-
lo4 upon the real eari-
eAture presenf.ed by these persons, and all the
'efforts of wit and ii-urnotir were as weak and in-.
tffcctive as parody upon parody: What, we have

often a',.ked ourselves,. can do justice to these
Giant braggards and: pigraTy 'doers ?. And we have
dcspair'ed: of ever seeing ttiis acComplisbed, for it
tlid not occurto us to ;;uthe them their Olen histo-,
r ions. As 1104IC but Xenophon could illustrate
the deedS of S.-enopilon, _so none but 411 the 71i=
lents could illustrate thesiryingi2,
opi►sions,..pro};-
nostic:tted prophecies, taunts, and egotism of All
the Talents. :This is most ably achieved in the

work before :us—From their
.own' mouths is
produced .the sentence of death upon theit:
priHcal character; and it is such a record
so ludicrous. and 7 langbahle,-sfi.absurd and bo.n-
,
bastip,- so: inconceivably' ridiculous, now that every
event has (asjf on porp-osc t 6 annoy them) taken.
place isw a- way entirely-opposite to their predic-:
turns,we had alm'ost said wishes, that much as
we despise these sagacious and imperious drivel-
them While we
read this tlcir condemnation,

The.. selection is most judi-ciotisly made and'
lucidly arranged (in /alphabetical and .chronolo-
gical order), neither too brief nor too prolix; and
enonkrhgiven from the speeches on both sides to
form aiyadmirahle contrast. The light and shadow
is unique in effect. Vire might have.desired,l'mr-
ltaps, to carry the 4!esign hark six years further,
but the preent •is -quite sufficient to demonstrate
the folly and utter incapacity of the, Faction,
which pretended to all the wisdom and judgment,
as well as all the wealth and talimitS of the coun-
try ! Poor menl

The COnmiler. has been exquisitely happy in
the doable tjaotation wherewith be has orna-
meßted his ttitle-pie,: it is taken from Loi-d
BYRON, whoie rancour against his Prince has.
tonSrituted him the Poetical Apollo,,of his Party,
and froTh'WALTERSCCri.T, the 14aureat appointed;
by the PRINCE REGENT.

be, team e ned,
tins torebled feebler (I€4=polg from their sway,
A rr,i6ifient parNeth ere Ire lifts.the rod;
A little inanzegt YleignetA to rtel!y:

I'oll his feiions: sweep through these his way;

The West muse own the S6onrzer of the World.

119 w 'sad walie thy.rucLoning-day,

:I;7l,n.sccirs u sVu LTU a:: his 7,,,fgrrd,
Amd.ihonshiill sec lky sons in eroTc!.7 II ides
. CliiNCHarold—rubli,bed 1811
•

From this we olnerve that Lord livaotv, though
a Lard, posseSses no Juor.e of the prophetic
inspi-
ration than belongs to his fellow-oppositionists in
their prosings. On the other hand, what says
Mr. SCOTT, the harmonious eulogist of PITT prin-
ciples, and the spirited advocate of those polities
which have saved the world;
" Or, may I give ativeatarous fancy scope,
And stretch a bold band to the awful veil
That billa.l futurity from amiious }mpg, , !
• :Bidding, beyond-it, scenes of glory hail,
',474dpai:ntin Evrape tl,.etvle
Sprin't iet,--:,7ersfrom ilcr co nines bi:Tr4r; • •
Rnfliing Nations b4?.7ile on their '
FAME, With CintiOn 11,7*-t gild rrirrys zt?!farf
To freedom and reve.ve awalzs an ia.,l;ur'ct7hirld."

risio:, of I);ftif .lioderkk—published 191

low ditrerent arc these
.pictures ; how noble
yind animating, and, at the same time, how just
and paniotie is the one ; homdastar,Ny and base,
and, at the same time, how fallacious and'Anti-
British the other

'these vert,es
,aiford a example of the dil-

ference between thy: two j-trties, an appro-
priate illustration.-of their tenets :the one sinink-

ing in terror from the Y( n,"d " of ava•Ty t -
I-4y, as if •it cotdd, JovE's, Oz,hart2,s,
and defy resistance ; the other stirring tip- the
son, to inanly strug,gies, declaring that tire for-
tunes of a' (kin atilt great. 'RIM uuitc < peortle were
never desperlte, pointing to the bright hops at
ithe,en‘i:ol: the long and gloomy, vista (that.bright
Hope now, thank Ileaveil ! realized), and
eating Poe that let the worst Conn,.
CO the worst, it was at all everts more worthy of
Britons to die withavins in their liands'free, titan

to live in inglorious honikgc, and,bknik about to
find at last dishonourable ;rat•es.. Upon these
points, after a graceful ..and feeling tribute to the
memory of the mart vred,PtAtcEvAL, in a short but
elegant dedication,-thettimpiler, in an admirably
written preface, makes. the foliowing accurate

and judicious remarks
" The crisis which Eligland has inst passed.
was oue Of po ordinary ina-gnitude. thin objects
Were not, as in former instances, the possession
of a-sugar island, or the enjoyment of an unin-
terrupted comnierce in furs. Every thing dear to
it's the iadividaals, every thing valimble-to n 3 as a
nation. vas at stake. Republican Franr:o, it Is
-true, was‘nd more : but the spirit hv she
had been animated had passed hitt tile body'of an
abst.ilute monarchy, and had lost .nothing €4 the
_violence and the dunger of its character ia the
transmigration.

" Under such circumstances, one would have
thoirsht that the tonal vigilance.of political °NM-
I- : I
5i..f.011 rnignthave somewhat re:axed, mai that, if
no assistance were wilercil
.by . the party 'out of
' pOwer to the party in power, ant least as few im-
pediments as possible would be :hrown in the
way of,the successful termination of a struggle,
the unsuccessful termination of Which must, haVe
iIiVOIVCd all ,parties• in general destrnction =--But
no !—lnfluenred ,by some unaccountable infatua-
tion, many at our public men, having at a for-
mer pet iod been the enthusiastic advocates of ii-:
centiousness, when that licentiousness was in
avowed hostility to their country, now looted in-
sensibly on the efforts
.of liberty, when• by their
country those efforts were applauded and eucou-
raged, The. genial warmth. of true freedom:in
Spain and Portugal was uncberished by those
' who, but a few years before, hail. madly admired
the delusive splendour of that fatal conflagration,
vAidh, having destroyed all that was estimable-
and venerable in France, threatened to extend its
ravages over the whole earth. . .
" It will be said, and it will he said with truth,
that, most of these individuals professed themselves
to be very friendly to the cause of theTeninsula.
Let the following pages spew how their i.riendship
was' manifested. Every thing which the British
Government did ,for that cause Was.conderuned ;
s-'--=-every 'thing which the British Government pro-
-posed to do for_that cause was deprecated. If aid
was afforded to, the Peninsular Nations in the
shape of money, the dilapidated state of our
resources, and their inadequacy to so improvident
an expenditure, was pathetically lamented. If
our brave soldiers were 'sent to their assistance,
Ministers were sneeringly asked, if they thought
~Great Britain could cope with France as a mili-
tary. power., Did our gallant ariny-achieve a vic-
tory ?—Their valour was prai,sed, but their lan-
ta-ds were declared to he barren. Was our im-
mortal. Commander induced, with a view to ulte-
rior operations, 'to make a temporary retreat ?
It was loudly .declared that the
.presuniptuous
threat of the French vulture, that he would drive
the British leopards into the sea, was about to be
accomplished. We were told, that the honour-
able and chivalrous feeling by which men in pri-
vate life ought to be actuated, had nothing
to do with nations, whose duty it wars to
adopt a more cautious and calettlating policy.
The vocabulary of reproach was eXhausted on hiS
Majesty's Governments who were characterised as
the most inefficient Ministers that had ever held
the reins of State, and who, in a tone of arro-
gance, as offensive then, as it has since.proved
ridiculous; were pronounced to be oitstinately
persevering in a hopeless contest, and plunging
the 'country into irretrievable ruin. Year after
;year, through all the vicissitudes of a conflict the
the most generous, hut the most tremendous in
which England was ever engaged, ridicule, mis;.
representation, Inc:nice, and prediction, were the
weapons used by the Party against sstisnd argu-
ment, and the' dictates of a nOble and determined
spirit. Buonaparte—that . Juggernaut of the
Western Hetnisphere—that foul idol, besnicared‘
with the blood of millions of yietitus---as with
maps, of thetit an object of enthusiastic! adMira-
tion. In their perverted imaginations, lie was in-
vested with the divine attributes of omniscience-
and omnipotence. It is difficult temperately to
speak of , such opinions and such conduct. --
EVery generous nod p,itt bOtic feeling is 'excited in,
their reprobation. . .
" VI the contrary, it is impossible to recollect
the measures of the present AdOdnistriition, and,
of the Administration at the head of which was
that virtuous, pnblic-spirited, and universally be-
loved individual, of whose services the hand of an
assassin deprived his country, ere, in the con-
summation of "the hopes elicrished'in his warm
and loyal breast, he could experience the highest
reward of which such a nature was capable—it is
impossible to reflect on the mighty difficulties which
they have had to encounter—without, a foe tun
only of unexampled physical strength, but whose
extraordinary career of success had almost ena=
bled-lahn to triumph ()Vet. the human mind, and
to render doubtful the eternal and immutable
principles of justice and honour—within, the
complicated embarrassments arising from stag-
tinted trade, scarcity, and the hostility of rivals,
who, however ineciurpetent to great affairs, were •
sufficiently dexterous -in seis:ing on matters of a
,subordinate nature, and converting them into the.
means of petty bur teasing anuoyanee—it is impos-
sible to contemplate the firmness with which, under
such arduous and unprecedented circumstances,
they maintained the system of policy on which they
had so wisely resolved, undaunted by external or
internal opposition, their attention steadily fixed
on the glorious goal to which their eiforts have

at length itatipik leeonglat titertn, ser3i-
clients of the 'hie:ltest aniiiration and respect. It
is not the Pilot who in fair veeather and stnymth
water s!-lades the ‘'essel entrusted to •his charge,
that claims any large portion of our-applause and
.lashes
it-is he who;in sorti,s and ill datith.e.ss,
lashes himself tolho leelm,- and, netlistm-iedty
the perils which survenuni ltim—by the' furious,
wuyes without, or by rife insidious leak within—
Cantinas his gallant bark in safety to her destin-
-ed Port. - - _ •
" 'What a contrast is presented between the exist-
ing t‘ititatioh of Eagloid, and that to Match she
would have Itteen re4ced, hail the counsels of the
Opniisition unfortunately prevailed?
" She is now on the pinnacle of`mitional glory,
Fier fidelity towards' her ',Peniuselar Allies pre-.
sti"Vi'd inviolate, she has bravely rescued them
front the grasp of a ruthless:Ustitper.
,By her
alotte was kept Alive that spark of resistance to,
tyranny, which at length, burs': into and
mistimed the povver ofe her inexorable foe. She
-6s been the star that tins' led the' Continental Na-
limy to the redemption of Europe. By an imita-
tion of her magnanimous example, that horrible
military despotism, not less oppressive to France
than datigerous to other Countries, has been
overturned ; and a moderate and legitimate au-
,t:lol.itV Ilati been restored. Instead of the feverish,
rest of ail arnicd:tnice, a Peace 'has -heel' esta,
hi shed, promises, when the-svvell that fs
tee natural consequence of the tate violent tem-
pest has subsided, repose no less permanent than
profound: The commerce of the country, long
pent up by the operation of that system so tit
tettrdeltrO'ye(i, is now flowing forth in a thousand
various eitannels, and her manufactures are rlpid,-
lyditfusing themselves over Coutinental EUrope.
The revenue, cousequence, is flourishing be-
-yowl precedent, and affords the certain prospect
of'a speedy and important reduction of those har-
dens to which the people have hitherto cheerfully
sohmitted in consideration of their necessity.—
Those energies, which for so malty years have
distinguished Great Britain in the field and on the
ocean, are about to he directed to other objects,
—to science—to literature—to the fine arts—to
all those liberal and enlightened pursuits, is which
the expectation of long and uninterrupted tran-
quillity can permit agreA nation to indulge.—All
is hope and happiness !
z" dti what conditio'n would she now have been,
had the Prematurely-pxcifir; the tamely-acquies-
-cent,_ the resource-hushanding policy been adopt-
cd ? Her armies Would long since have been with-
drhivn from the Peninlttla, 'and the brave Spa-
niards and Porthgnese would have. been left to
their fate. Appalled at their discomfiture and
stating:l:ion, the eother nations'(if:theContinent",
wonl:l.)iaveshruuk front any generous. And power-
ful effott—too happy if:allowed to remain in the
tranquil possession of their respective govern-
ments and territories; With Bnonaparte 'eve
should have made a peace--with Buonaparte,-his
victorious troops released from usher occupation,
and himself the-toaster of the whole coast of ita-
rope, And of amPle opportunities, therefore, of
creating a Naval .nonce of irresistible strength I
Unless we had ,chosen iniemediately. to subMit to'
the Conqueror, we mtnit-df-ive
if possible, we must `hat=e OM' naval
andmilitary equipments. Pat in vain.. In vain,
tot), should we from 'time to -time have-huMbl-v-
-endeavoured to soothe the irritability 'of_
_oar
over-powerful Neighbour by the present of a
(;Emily, or the'abandontnent ;If a Maritime night.
Our trade would flare been gradwilly ;moil: lafed
by his commercial ettiits and regulations. Our
.means 'of resistance woid.a.,hay. been insen-
sibly, but certainly diminished. Our whole state
Would have been Cabinn'd, cribb'd, cOnfin'd:—
hound up in saucy dotibts and fears. The caCts-
frophe of this dismal tragedy would ultimately
have been developed. Every thing prepared, any
'Occurrence, however insignificant, ivonld have
set veil as a pretext for renewing hostility; and
Englatul-:--old England, assailed • all sides,
would not have been able, even by the saeriace of
the heart's bloOd of all those of her sons whei pre-
fer death to slavery, to save herself from a foreign
yoke. All woad have
.been desolation anti
despair ! •
Such is the difference betl'veen that 'which
:We 'are, arid that whi'elt.we have.been.-Let
us FORGIVE ,those Who would have realized the
,later description, but let us not FORGET them.'' 1
