' f the public was to press to whatever part or Ito:
town the Prince was engaged at, and pay Win Creri-
espect.
Yesterday evening his Mafelieypresitted at a Coon-
of Ministers', •.
His gave a special audience this morning
to the Duke of Sabrina, Peer of France, and to M.
rhiers, Member of the Chamber of Deputies.
his Majesty was subsegiten'ly engaged with the
Nlinisters of Foreign and of
A letter from Park', whitli has beeh shown toPtis
mtitains a stliteffient that the Commksion in aid of
commeHt liitemis transmitting forthwith to Boi-
leau* a sum of t millions out of the thirty voted
for assisting the commercial interests —bliateur.
General Quiroga has arrived at TiouteAult prom
Bayonne.
Dalte tharies of Brunswick, who lately left Eng-
iand, passed on the 17th throughout Frankfort. It
is thought that he intends proceeding to Berlin.
The Prussian Government, which is constantly

directing its exertions to the improvement of co -
merce and industry, has lately commenced extensive
work., the object of which is to remove the rocks of
Bingerloch—the hole of Bingen. The execution of
his project will ensure the gratitude of all the in.
it:alums of the Rhine.
MEZIERS, Nov. 21.--The information Which I

:ent you in my last proved to be perfectly correct ;
And there laat present, between Wezel and Sam-
!olds, a force of from 80,000 to 90,000 Prussian
troops ; amongst n horn, however, there are many
recruits. The class of 1831 has been called in be-
forehand.
Extensive works are erecting around Troves, and
all the fortifications of Luxembourg have been put
into a stoie of thorough repair, and its rampaits have
been supplied with several pieces of cannon of dif-
ferent calibres.

(From the Journal du (:ommerce, Nov. 24.)

A fraudulent and forcible attempt was openly
made this morning to carry some smuggled oil
through the barriers; the persons concerned in this
unlawful act, did not merely try to carry the goods
in their hands, or on their shoulders, but actually
had it placed upon a truck, and taken through in
that manner. Ti►e ofru:ers of the Excise being taken

r.
unawares were not able to prevent those fraudulent
individuals from effecting their purpose. They, how-
ever, pursued them, and, with the assistance of seve-
ral soldiers of the line, and a body of the National
Guard 4, a number of the smugglers were taken into
custody, with the property which airy bad unlaw-
fully forced through the barrier. This circumstance
collected a crowd of about 400 persons, who were
soon dispersed by the National Guards.
(From Le Globe of Thursday.)

Intelligence from Germany and Russia are every
day more unsatisfactory. The Gaulle of Augsburg,
which is in the confidence of the Northern Cabinets,
is at present animated with feelings of a decidedly
warlike description against Pulver.
The Gazette of Augsburg contains the following
paragraph :—" We have just received an account
that the province of Albania is in a complete state
of insurrec►ion, The htte stratagem employed by
the Grand Vizier, fur the purpose of massacreing all
the Albani►rn Chiefs, has produced a general feeling
of exasperation."
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES, Nov. 25.

M. Dupin (Vice-President) took the choir at half-
past one o'clock.
M. Snlverte presented a proposition, having for
its object the revision of all the pensions and do-
nations, except those of the former Senators end

their widows,. granted in favour of the law of April
28,1829. The Chamber decided, that it would take

the proposition into consideration on Monday next.
M. Gs* then developed the motion he had
made on a former day, for the purpose of obliging
the Ministers, to whom petitions were referred by
the Chamber, to return an answer in the course of

three months. M. Ganjal exposed the advantage of
this measure. He reminded the Chamber of the
King's declaration, that the Charter should for the
future be a truth, and that no petition addressed to
him be disregarded. His (NI. (i.'s) intention, was
to serve, and not impede the Government. In re-
commending a petition, the Chamber did not wish
to controul the decisions of the Minister, but merely
to rail for an investigation of its contents. When
the recommendation shall no longer be a matter of
form, then the Chamber will be more sparing of such
vo ye, and the Ministers will pay more attention to
its resolutions.

Peton supported the motion, which was op.
posed by M. Pelet, who proposed its adjournment.
After a few observations of M. Dourdcau the mo.
tion was adjourned.
The Chamber then proceeded to discuss the law
of National Recotnpenees, amended by the Chamber
of Peers.

Al. Thubet wa4 of opinion that the revision of

the pensions should net be limited to those granted
h ince 11328. This would be an exception, and, of
course, an injustice. The article of the Committee
had displeased every body. His (M. Thahet's)
amendment consisted in extending the revision to all
the pensions conferred since the first promulgation
of the Charter, or during a space of sixteen years.
M. Thabet then examined the question of retro-ac-
livitY, which, if extended to every pension, would
be (according to him) a real bankruptcy. He
wished those who had rendered services to the
State should reap alone the benefit of the law, but
he did not consider that those who had served the
nation quietly seated by their fireside were entitled
to the same favour.

M. Boissy IYAnglas voted against the amend-
ment.

M. Corrnenin agreed with the Chamber of Peers

that the revision should not be limited to the pen.
sions illegally granted since the Ist of Jan. 1828.
He proposed to extend it to the origin of the abuses,
or to the 11th September 1807. No one (accord-
ing to him) could object to the revision of question
of retro-activity. There is no retro-activity (said
be) when the repeal shall be confined to pensions
conferred in virtue of an illegal law. It, is then a
justice. There would be retroactivity if the pay-
ment of the sums already received were required,.
but not in the revision he proposed.
M. Marsala said that the Committee had hen
actuated in limiting the revision of the perbions
given since 1828, by the consideration ih,,t the
greatest abuses resulting tom the original law were
committed since the first of January, 1828. He
voted against the two amendments, and proposed to
adopt the law such as it was amended by the Cham-
ber of Peers—viz., to abrogate altogether the law
of the 11th of September, 1807.
The lst Article, stipulating the abolition of the
law of 1807, was then unanimously carried.
The priority having been given to M. Cormenins'
amendment on that of M. Thubet, the Chumbei
decided that the whole of the'peesions granted since
1807 should be revised.

M.'Salvantli Observed that Ads detision wont('
spread uneasiness in thousands Of, families, and in
the hovels of the old soldiers, who teotild • tremble
for their existence. We should (said 'he) „kriare
that it ia only the pensions that,have, been surpriied
(torn the religion of. the Government that are
to revieioo.
General t)emareay did not partake- of the fears
expressed by M. Salvanli, lie detiied ,that there
were pensions surprised from the religion of the.late
Government. The Ministers of -the, restoret(on
htvisheel them, on the enotritry, to their ereatuees,
avid ow were mostly enemies of the conntry; whit
had fought against Prance in foreign armies.'
The law wegi then adopted, by a majority 9f 109;
against 139. -
'twirler having suggerted the propriety of
sOOll prefiefitifig the Preieet. 6f 14W -on the organiza-
tion of the National Guard, a de4tdiniy discussion
ensued, without any result
par„Net, FuNni, Nov. prr etnts,, 98 I. iMe..
300:' $00.350. 50e. 450, 504%40e, WI 92f.
Four per Cents, 7141; ; Three per c
60e. k4f)c. Obi. 00c, 6hr. tsi4L=,. ; Bank Acti3uso
; Rote .le Napits.„ 1455.. lilt; oat,
tidf. 100, Got, 664 Abe. 206, ; Iteitto Je Esitsgue, 13;

LONDON, -
SATURDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 27, 1830.

The speech of Baron I3Rouon.tn last night in the
House of Lords will be read with sstisfactiou, by all
the friends and admirers of this eminent statesman.
It was short, for the occasion demanded neither dis-
play nor lengthened explanation ; and characteristic,
for it breathed the spirit of sincerity and patriotism.
The Noble CHANCELLOR pledged himself to support
to the utmost of his ability those great public pies.
tions which he advocated for so many years, and with
such consummate skill in the House of Commons.
Undazzled by his splendid preferment; uncorrupted
by his proximity to the Bench of Bishops, he would
still be found in the front ranks of the people's sup-
porters, the unwearied partisan of Reform, Re-
trenchment, and Non•lntervention. That the
Noble and Learned Lord will ever violate, or back
out of these sacred promises, to the fulfilment
of which he has pledged himself not once but
a thousand times, at public assemblies, and in the
presence of the Commons of Ragland, we will not
for an instant believe. His high and unsullied re.
potation is a gintrantee for his consistency. Inferior
Statesmen may afford to become apostates by reason
of their comparative insignificance, but the eyes of
Europe are fixed on Lord BootiGokst, and he csnn►.t
withdraw himself from its gaze ; his every action
is watched, every word that escapes his lips is
weighed and compared, and meditated upon ; great
deeds are expected from him ; in a word, by his
enlightened influence, England confidently hopes to
be rescued from the thraldom of the Borough-
monget,, as well as from those other minor, but still
grievous oppressions which at present enfeeble her
energies.

Extracts from the French Papers of Thursday
will be found in another column. The rumours of

Russia, Austria, and Prussia, making military de.
monstrations, art utterly groundless. These Powers
know too %yell that they dare not move troops out
of their own territories—and when the auspicious
change which has taken place in the Ministry of
England becomes known—their pacific dispositions
will be more sincere than ever.

We have received accounts from Oxfordshire,
which state that the disturbances in that part of the
country are abating, and that tranquillity is, in some
measure, restored. Many of the labourers were re-
turning to their work. We wish we could add, that
the state of the neighbourhood of Portsmouth and
Winchester was equally satisfactory;. hut we have
heard various alarming reports from those quarters,
o which we are unwilling' to give currency at the
present juncture, in the hope that they may prove
unfounded. Our own belief and hope is, that the
majority of those disturbances will be very speedily
put nil' end to; ae it is, they haVe been much
exaggerated by interested parties.

ORD MELBOURNE AND THE TRADES'

ADDRESS TO 1115 MAJESTY.

in The Sun of yesterday it paragraph win inserted
under the above head, from a norreepotulent. We hail
our doubt. about its correctness at the• time; but as it
MIS II circular sent to us in common with other Papen by
.t known Correspondent, we gave it insertion. We have
since understood that it was altogether a tisane of mierel
ii,,,,ciitatiurt, for, which we 'shall bold the Reporter re-
aponsible-, It was not true that . the Deputation had
an interview , with Viscount Alittaouarac at all; nor
that the Loan MAYOI4, hail offered the use of bis
private carriage to go up with the Address to the
Neither is it true that the Home Secretary
eNlWo94eil 116 opinion of the perking .es described by the
inpeniotte reporter, who seems to have btu! Sir CIAUDZini
IinNTICS in eye while'etereitling his' inventive powers
tit' make-out, perhaps, what he cnnsidereit" a good gos-
siping'story," Thp:sviteleaffitir.isv hovnver, discreditable
to the .reporter, who, had no right to take such liberties.
with the SifelklirrAWYor STATit, lint with the respectable
gentl;lnen forming. the Committee of the-Trades.

we are given to understand that the reception of the
Deputation at the Home Office ;vas every thing that
eoailJ be expetol, end Ora hie IIiAJE4TY has been gra-
",iutioy pleased to, appoint. Wednesday, the Bth of Decent-
kr, for receiving the loyal Address of the Trades' Soeie-
tie* of London. • -

pelitioliti to, both Houses of Parliament-, by
the United Aasoriate Congregation of Etat Linton, and
fiaier individual% praying the immediate mitigation find
speedy abolition of slavery in- the firiti4h Colonies were
,ent3(nrcstocsis.eit:nii;n:rnr;l:TElisti,r_iitiarYeliiiistti.o—osflafhea,vioenibaetifn Mel. t
.01, in nutuvrouciohvaa throughout the Wand, praying for
the repfli pf..thmemeatisil taxes generally., spit pgrtioninry
of ova home and Window dutira,..-Doncaster Gazette.
