MERCANTILE SHIPPING.

Dr AL, MARcil 22.—Wind S.W.—Passed this morning for
the River the Honourable Company's ships Waterloo, Alsager,
and Bombay, , from China ; Countess of Harcourt,
Bunn, from London, for New South Wales; and Isabella,
Mure, from Leith, for Jamaica, remain.
Pmurs3rouTif, MARCH 22.—Wind N.W.—Arrived from
the Downs the William Fairley, fbr India ; and Phesdo, Beti,
Cessnock, Lady Combermere, Lanock, and James Green
(transport); also his Majesty's ship Rochfort, from the Medi-
terranean ; and his Majesty's ship Maidstone, from the east-
ward. Put back the Larkins, for India.
PLYMOUTH, MARCH 21.—Wind N.W.--Arrived the
Intrepid, Metcalf, from sierra Leone, in seven weeks ; Mar-
quis of Anglesey, from London, with loss of top-masts ; Henry
and Sarah, Barrett, from ditto, with damage.
FALMOuTn, MAucit 21.—Wind N.W.—Arrived the Lord
Melville packet, from Rio Janeiro : sailed the 2-Ith January ;
Walworth Castle, and John and Mary, from London.
LivEnrow., MAncit 21.--Wind N.W.--Arrived the
Eliza, Rylands, from Maranham : sailed the 15th February ;
and Harriet, Thomas, from Charlstone: sailed the 23d of
February.

The Plantagenet, Kay, from Liverpool, was lost the 20th
ult. on Charlstone Bar ; crew saved.
DOVER, MARCH 22.—Off the port the Kent and General
Kyd, from China.

The Hibernia, (lilies, arrived at the Cape the 28th January,
spoke on the 22d the Active, Charlton, from the South Seas,
all well; and on the 3d spoke the Helen, from Rio, bound to
Liverpool, who reported that the Guilford transport, for New
South Wales, had put into Rio in distress.
The Hon. Company's ship Farquharson arrived at the Caps.
the 28th January from China, and on the 20th ditto fell in with
the Thalia, :Munro, from Batavia, in distress for want of men,
took her in tow off Algoa Bay, but was obliged to cast her o:f
from stress of weather, with five men belonging to the Far..
quharson on board.

SILK TitADE.—Orders were yesterday received
at our Custom-house to take immediate measures for receiv-
ing into warehouses under the Crown's locks, such packages
of raw or thrown silk and all goods wholly manufactured
of silk, being new and uncut, and in quantities not less
than 3001 b. weight, as the owners at one and the same time
may be desirous of warehousing, on or before the 25th of
this instant (March) in respect of raw and thrown silk, and
on or before the sth of April next in regard to silk manu-
factures, in order to enable the parties after those periods to
avail themselves of such returns of duty, and of such allowances
in the nature of bounty and drawback, as Parliament may be
pleased to grant, subject to future regulation. Parties sending
silk to be warehoused are required to deliver with the same a
specification of the mark, number and contents of each package,
signed at full and dated, and are liable to every expence for
warehouse, rent, &c.—( Glasgow Courier, March 18.)

BOW.STREET.-TIIE STOLEN WATOir.-Ellen
Connor, the female on whom Avis found a gold watch, worth
70 guineas, was this morning again brought up for exami-
nation. s another proof of the propriety of publishing Police
Reports, a gentleman, whose name we forbear publishing, from
motives of delicacy to his family, came forward and identified
it, but was unable to say positively whether or not he had made
the prisoner a present of it, being very much intoxicated when
in her company. The watch was of course returned, and the
prisoner discharged.

last,tNeOc ITPORTSMOUTH BANE.—On Saturday noon
refuses to disclose his namen en-
tered OF A QUANTITY OF THE STOLEN
en-draper, Hastings, and made
a purchase of several articles, for the payment of which he ten-
dered a 101. note of the Portsmouth Bank. Doubting its being
genuine, Mr. Tooth applied at the Hastings Bank, only a few
doors distant, and learnt it was one of the Portsmouth stolen
notes ; on this Mr. T. stepping to the door beckoned the man it,
NOTES OF
° shopr middle-aged THE
of ili r. man,,
ootiv:ol
in
who was waiting on the pavement, and who no sooner entered__
the bank than the key was turned upon him, and his person
searched, when others of the same bank, to a considerable
amount, were found ; some in a pocket-book, and others
wrapped round his legs beneath the stockings. infdralatiou
of the circumstance was received in town yesterday morning,
and the parties interested immediately left town for Hastings
gaol, where he is committed.

DUMFRIES, MAUCH IF.—(MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT.)--
About eleven o'clock, on the night of Thursday last, two of
our townsmen, Mr. Murdoch, shoemaker, and: Mr. He-•
therington, currier, while on their way homewards front
Lockerby, attempted to ford, with a horse and gig, the
river Annan, at Halleaths, instead of taking the boat—
ignorant, no doubt, of the force of the current, which
had risen about two feet in the course of a few hours. The horse,
it is supposed, had been driven rather prec pitately into the
stream, and alarmed at its depth and rapidity, became restive,
and reared several times. Being at last allowed to take its
own course, (which as might. have been expectal, was down-
wards) it succeeded in regaining the side, but unfortunately
missed the entry of the ford ; and though its fore feet were mere
than once raised upon the bank, yet from its being too steep to
be surmounted, the animal again fell back into the water,
and continued to be borne along by the force of the stream.—
ln this perilous situation, Mr. Murdoch, springing from his
seat, got hold of the bank, and had scarcely raised 'himself upon
his feet, when he beheld his companion floating at a rapid ra.e
down the current ; his head only, and that of the horse, were
visible at intervals, and for a few moments, after which the y
entirely disappeared. Next day the drowned horse and gig
were got out; and on Sunday morning, after most persevering
search, the body of Mr. Hetherington was found near Dormant
j —distant about four miles from the Halleath's ford.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY

Extracts from the Morning Papers, March 23.

[NEW TIMES-I
The accounts received yesterday from Paris
were of little importance. The French Funds
are stated to have closed on Saturday at a slight
advance in the preceding prices, but in conse-
quence of the prevailing interest respecting the
King's Speech, little of importance had tran-
spired. The most important features in this do-
cument are expected to be the reduction of the
interest upon (;overnment Securities, and the in-
tentions of the French Ministry with regard to
the Spanish Colonies. In both instances, it is as-
serted, "there will be a great similarity of pro-
ceeding with that of the British Government.—
With regard to reducing the rate of interest, it
is said to be in the contemplation of the Minister
of Finance to give as a bonus one-third addi-
tional stock, or 331. 6s. Bd. upon every One Hun-
dred Pounds Annuity Stock, in consideration. of
the loss sustained in the reduction of the interest.
The Speech will be delivered this day ; and co-
pies are expected to be received in town by
Wednesday evening.—Consols yesterday opened
at 94k, advanced to 942, and closed at
944 for the Account.—Much business con-
tinues to be done in Foreign Securities.—
Colombian Bonds experience much variation
from the contradictory opinions respecting
the course Mr. Ilurtado is likely to adopt with
regard to 'Mr. 'Lea's Loan. Nothing certain ap-
pears yet known upon the subject ; but some un-
favourable reports sent the prices down to 63 a
63-1. Mr. 11. is expected to reach town on
Thursday. The mania for Foreign Loans ap-
pears rather to increase than to decline, notwith-
standing tome recent examples of the ruinous
consequences attending investments of that na-
ture. Several new contracts are in embryo ; and
amongst the foremost, one for Brazil, for which
Mr. Samuels' list is said to be already filled.
The decision as to the terms of the contract, how-
ever, will not take place until the arrival of Mar-
shal Phillisberto Coldeira Brante (and not
Trante, as previously stated), who is expected
herein a few weeks. It is added, that the Mar-
shal is invested with diplomatic powers of great
importance for arranging the future connection of
Brazil with the European Powers.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
Some new commotions have broken out on the
volcanic soil of Southern America. Mexico has
been disturbed by military insurrection, but
tranquillity has been restored again. General
Lobato, who was in command of part of the
Mexican force, and supposed to be moderate in
his principles, and firmly attached to the free-
dom of Mexico, assembled in their barracks on
the 23d of January, at night, a part of his regi-
ment, and brought over also a considerable por-
tion of the garrison, in number about 1,000 men,
and then issued a proclamatiou, removing all
obedience to the executive power, declaring that
his object was to support the Congress for the
removal of the executive, and that he would not
lay down
.his arms until that object was at-
tained, and all European Spaniards resident
in the country removed from all public em-
ployments. Lobato, in his proclamation, de-
nounces " the Spaniards who are employed in
" the chief posts of the state, as exerting them-
" selves to establish a new and shameful slavery."
I called together, the democrat adds, some of the
meritorious officers who serve under my com-
mand, and some private individuals of this capi-
tal, and we endeavoured to make ourselves be
beard by the Government, which plotted against
my liberty and that of my fellow-citizens. " We
" did not hesitate a moment," Lobato continues
to say, " about the necessity of uniting and using
" our arms ; not to threaten the national sove-
nor to manifest our opinions,
" reignty, but to
" protect ourselves against the machinations of
" the Ministry. Already the Government is ac-
" quainted with our movement and its origin—
" your desires will be accomplished, and the
" sound of cannon will not disturb your repose."
This movement seems to have been altogether
unprovoked, and to have originated in mere
military turbulence—the wantonness of armed
mercenaries, determined to use their swords it
some way.

[MORNING POST.]
The repeal of the Irish Union Duties, which
will place the commercial intercourse between
the two islands on the same footing as a coasting
trade, is a measure of great moment to the sister
country, and if not accordant with general prin-
ciples, would be dictated by the relative situa-
tioas of Great Britain and Ireland. Our readers
are already aware, that last year a portion of
those duties was removed, and in consequence
that the Irish, for whose imagined welfare they
were instituted and so long upheld, have ex-
perienced such great benefit as to solicit the
immediate abolition of what remained. The fact
need not surprise us, when in the Report just
presented to Parliament by the Commissioners of
Inquiry on Irish Affairs, it appears the export
of cottons from that country into this, has in a
few months leaped from absolutely nothing to
upwards of three millions of yards ! The Union
Duties, in short, as the title imports, were fixed
for a certain period at the passing of the Legis-
lative Act uniting the two kingdoms, and were
intended and received as much as a concession to
the feelings of national independence, then so
sensitively cherished by the Irish, as from mis-
taken views of commercial policy. Even before
the Parliament of Ireland asserted its indepen-
dent right, and at times when that country was
made to feel its political subjection to England
most unequivocally, it always. aimed (in com-
mon, we must own, with Great Britain itself)
at commercial separation :—although, whatever
may be the circumstances which render mercantile
restrictions between different States expedient, it
is on the face of all theory and experience, that
betweenintegral parts of the same State, perfect
freedom of trade is essential to the prospeiity of
the whole. 'l"hie total repeal of the duties in
question may therefore be deemed a real incor-

poration of the commercial interests of the United
Kingdom. Ireland at present, with the excep-
tio❑ of linen, is dependent on this country for
almost all the finer descriptions of manufactures
which she consumes—but produces many arti-
cles of coarse consumption, and is also capable of
putting the raw materials of other branches of
industry through their preparatory manipula-
tions, for the English market. What then shall
we say to a protecting code, which in the first
place imposed a high duty on the manufactures
which are imported into the Sister Island, and at
the same time imposed a corresponding duty on the
importation into this Island of every thing which
Ireland either does, or might furnish to suit our
consumption ? To us, we admit, the loss thereby
incurred at this moment may not perhaps be
great, because our capital and other resources
defy such circumstances : the effect, however, on
our Irish brethren has been destructive, and has
falle❑ upon them first as an addition to their ne-
cessary expenditure, and next as a prohibition
on their industry—a heavy tax upon the limited
incomes of the better classes in that country,
and a damper upon the exertions of the poor.

[THE TIMES.]
We had imagined that the project of the Cham-
ber of Commerce had received its death-wound,
but hear that it still lingers on the confines of
quite extinct. We are sorry to
life, and is not
witness a protracted dissolution in the place of
a speedy, or rather immediate end. When the
absurdity of a measure is clear to all rational and
impartial persons, they must be interested mo-
tives
which prompt men still to press that mea-
sure for acceptance upon the yielding disposition
of mankind. The Chamber of Commerce is al-
ready decided upon, by general indifference
or aversion. Why not let it pass quietly into
the limbo of abortive projects ? What want,
we ask, exists at present, which this Chamber, if
it were in operation, could supply ? An addi-
tional method of destroying time, would, indeed,
result from its establishment; but we know of no
other useful effect it could produce. Let us sup-
pose a man at this moment upon the point of un-
dertaking some great commercial enterprize, and
in want of information upon one or more im-
portant poiuts, would not the following he a very
crazy kind of complaint for him to make ?
" Oh ! what a pity it is there is no Commercial
46 Chamber in Loudon at present for me to
46 consult ; for though all the men who
" would constitute the Chamber are now around
" me, and accesible to my inquiries, yet it is im-
" possible they should either know so much, or be
46 able to answer so effectually, all if they were
44 all got together in one Chamber. The facul-
" ties are so invigorated, the perception so sitar-
" pened, buzz and bustle of a public room, that
" a man can hardly be said to be the same crea-
" ture in the retirement of his counting-house,
44 and in a noisy sense-kindling union of his fellow-
" men. Wisdom ferments in crowds, and throws.
44 off good counsel, as masses of beer discharge
" yeast." This, we say, would be the complaint
of a man, who, needing information upon any com-
mercial subject, should regret that he had not a
Chamber of Commerce, to which he might go,
instead of consulting the individuals cognizant in
the several branches of his adventure, in the
tranquillity of their own closets. And a very
rational complaint it would be ! But further :
if a man were not disposed to consult the Cham-
ber, the Chamber might be inclined to direct
the man. This would be a great advantage to
independent commercial houses. They would
be relieved from all necessity of thinking for
themselves; for if they thought differently from
the Chamber, then the Chamber might controul, or
even punish them. Few Spaniards go to the In-
quisition to confess their doubts and give up their
book 3 (of heterodoxy, we mean), and therefore
the Inquisition goes to the Spaniards, and kindly
assures their minds of what is right, and true,
and necessary for their salvation. A Chamber
of Commerce would act the part of a commercial
inquisition,—infallible in its doctrines, and there-
fore omnipotent in enforcing them.

[MORNING HERALD.]
We strongly suspect that there is no part of
our public expenditure more injudiciously ap-
plied than that which is appropriated to public
buildings. The present Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer seems to be aware of this ; and in a late
debate upon the subject of the new Law Courts,
intimated something like a change of 'system.--
Two striking faults appear to be, the inconsi-
derate haste with which the sites of new build-
ings are fixed upon ; and the large sums which
are from time to time expended iu patching and
repairing Palaces and other structures, which in
time come to cost as much or more in this way us
would erect new ones, as much to the honour, as
some of these are a disgrace to the nation.—
Of the first of these errors the Peniten-
tiary at Milbank seems to be a striking instance.
After half a million or more has been expended
upon this prison, we all of a sudden see it unte-
nanted, and the question at length asked whether
the situation be salubrious or not. We doubt
whether the Military College at Blackwater has
much more to recommend it. Pass we next to
new buildings going on at the Museum, where
we fear a large expenditure is incurring on a spot
which possesses few accommodations for the pur-
pose. To say that the King's Library, and other
works of science and of art, should be congre-
gated there, because the greater part of those
which we possess are there already, would have
some weight, were it not notorious that the present
building of the Museum is in such a crazy and
dilapidated slate, as to make it more than pro-
bable that it must soon be entirely taken down.
Would it not then have been a wiser and more
obvious course to have erected an entirely new
Museum and Library in that part of the town
frequented by persons of leisure, and thus have
removed the present unsightly buildings alto-
gether ? While upon this subject we cannot help
condemning the practice of filling up the few
open spaces to be found in the heart of the
Metropolis, so essential in themselves to the
health and recreation of the inhabitants. In this
case it is done with so manifest an injury to pri-
vate property, that we should not wonder, if, in

addition to the expence of the buildings, we
should be hereafter called upon to indemnify
individuals for the serious loss they will have
sustained by a measure, which, if planned with
judgment and conducted with taste, would have
been a public ornament, instead of being, as it
is now likely to be, a private nuisance.
