put forth by a Government de jure, against
the more substantial pretensions of the existing
Governments de facto, which have superseded
the authority of the Parent State. And this dif-
ficulty solely results from the consideration that
the empire of Spain over her colonies was a
legitimate sovereignty; and that, though her
American provinces have actually severed them-
selves from her authority, her rights are not an-
nihilated by their success, so long as she retains
the disposition to employ her power for reducing
them to obedience. The case of the
Greeks, however, is very different from that
of the South American Independents. The
Empire of the Turks over them was not origi-
nally, and never has been, of a legitimate nature.
The Turks have never possessed the sovereignty,
de jure, but have merely constituted a Govern-
ment de facto, over the countries which they had
subjected by the power of the sword. The right
of sovereignty, inherent in the Greek nation,
has not been annihilated, and could not be anni-

hilated, by the successful usurpation of the
Turks. While the Turks have been their Rulers
de facto, the Greeks have retained the right of
asserting and re-establishing their independence,
whenever a favourable opportunity for So doing
should arise. What, then, are the present
relations of the Greek and Turkish Govern-
ments, on the plainest principles of justice,
and the strictest interpretation of the laws of
nations? The Turks, having lost the authority
of a Government de facto over the provinces
which have been recovered from them by the
Greeks, retain not a shadow of sovereignty, either
de facto or de jure over those provinces. The
Greeks, on the contrary, immediately on having
broken the Ottoman power in a portion of their
country, and immediately on having establish-
ed a Government over that portion, constituted
a sovereignty which was instantly invested with
all the attributes and character of a Government
both de facto and de jure. The attempts of the
Turks to reduce them are not the efforts of a le-
gitimate government to bring back its revolted
subjects to obedience, but the efforts of a foreign
power to reduce, a second time, an independent
nation to slavery, by conquest. In all negocia-
tions with Turkey, therefore, the integrity of
GREECE should be insisted on by the Courts of
Europe ; and her war against GREECE should be
regarded as a war of aggression and conquest,
which all the States of Europe are bound to

The Lon]) CIIANCELLOR has brought in his
promised Bill for the improv.ement of the Bank-
rupt Laws. The Bill, after being printed, is to
stand over till next Session, in order to afford
ample time for the examination and discussion of
its provisions. It is highly desirable that they
should receive the most attentive consideration
from Members of the begislature, the practi-
tioners of the law, and the commercial public.

STOCKBRIDGE ELECTION. - h e recent contest
at Stockbridge has terminated and Mr. STANLEY
is returned. Mr. BAMIAM having vacated his
seat for that Borough, indicates a change in the
influence which has prevailed there for several
years ; and it is said that a Noble Earl, who has
large possessions in Cheshire and Middlesex, has
lately purchased considerable property in and
near Stockbridge.

[From another Correspondent.]-0n Tuesday
last, Mr. STANLEY, grandson to the Earl of
DERBI, was elected Member of Parliament foi
the Borough of Stockbridge, instead of Mr. BAR-
HAM, sen., who has accepted the Chiltern Hun-
dreds. -Colonel COOKE attempted an opposition,
but did not attend the hustings. It is reported
that an alliance has lately taken place between
the GROSVENOR. and STANLEY families, which
may account for the recent choice of the Stock-
bridge freeholders.

THE PROROGATION.—In answer to the various
applications made yesterday to the Lord Great
Chamberlain's (Lord Gwynya's) Office, at the
House of Lords, by Peers, Peeresses, and other
persons, for tickets of admission on Tuesday, it
was answered that his Lordship could not com-
ply with such requests, until he had heard from
the Loan CHANCELLOR, which he expected to
do in the course of the evening. The usual
summonses to the several Officers of State, &c.
were yesterday prepared. The regulations, and
directions regarding the Peers' admissions, at-
tendance, &c. will, however, appear in this
evening's Gazette.

littsx ABSENTEES.—By the English Statute,
1 HEN. 6, stat.l, cap. 4, " All Ilish who have
" benefices or offices in Ireland shall abide upon
" them, on pain of losing the profits."

On Thursday night Mr. ELLIS, the King's
Messenger, arrived at the Foreign Office, in
Downing-street, with dispatches from St. Peters-
burgh.
Letters from Pernambuco, dated the Bth of
June, were yesterday received in the City.
Every thing was quiet there, nothing particular
having occurred since the determination of the
Provisional Government to adhere to the system
acted on at Rio Janeiro, for which purpose they
had been invited. Some of the letters received
express a degree of apprehension in case Pernam-
I buco is attacked by Portuguese troops,
