~.sEcoNb,

• SUN-OFFICE.
TIIREE O'CLOCK, r. tr.
Ti; following Letter was sent this tisy to the
Long-Alit opt :

" M LotD, " Admiralty-yffice, Tuly 8:
44-• Dispatches have been received at the Ad-
tiitralt3'7 this morning from ~Vice Admiral Lorp
COLLING WOOD, dated ofi*• Cidiz, June
The Spaniards had summoned the irrench Admiral
ROSOLM, arid, on hiS refusal, the Spanish Bat-
teries had opened a fire on the French Ships

in the Carracac, on the Ibth of June, in the

afternoon, and had continued, .at intervals, during

the followink day. On the 12th of, June
ilie French Admiral had offered terms, of tap&
tulation, which had been rejeaed on the part of the

Spanish Commander; WhO refused to admit of. any
condition short Of abitiltite suirender.

a The British Fleet had not entered the Harbour ;
„ .
the Spaniards deeming their owii force sufficient for
the reduction of the French:

" I hive the honotir to be, &c.
" MULGRAVE."

To Me Right lion. the" Lord Mayor."

NAVAL N E WS.

PLypiOUTH, JULY.d.—Arrived the! .4/phea Cut-
ter, tient. GIBEtOrn, from Cadiz., Which place she
left the Rth June:, The ,English Troops wee not
then
_landed, and the English Fleet lay otf
except two English Frigates, which were at anchor
in. the Outer Road artiOng the Spanish Alen of l',47'ar.
The French Ships in
_Cadiz consist of five Sail .Of
the Line and one Frigate. On the 9th June; about
flirett P.M. the Spaniard's L,Peiied their batteries on
the French, but as the night came oh the firing
• • -, • •
:ceased. They cothmenced firing the following morn,
lastedtviO'day.s, after which the French
• moored, their Ships farther up the harboni, where
the Spaularckl. had a Battery of 50 guns, with se-
veral bombs, besides a number of -Gtin-boats. The
Spaniards had stink two Vessels, in order to pre:
vent the French from mooring their Ships farther
tip. The Spaniards had thre men killed and three
Wounded the first day, and none after.
Arrived the Sivallow Sloop of War from Ireland ;
and •the Dracey, from New York.

t;ORTSMOUTEI, JULY yeqerilay the
Robert and Sarah Transport front Madeii.,a.
Sailed yesterday the Paz Schooner, with Dis-
patches for Spain. Sailed also the Sprightly Cutter
for Gliernsei; Hardy Gun-brig, on a. cruite ; and
Thrush Sloop of War, with a Fiag of,Triee, having
on board about 140-French Fishermen, for Havre.

The Pomane Frigate takes convoy to the Mediter-
raucp.

SHEERNESS, JULY 6.—The Gannet is undocked
and masted.

Th 4 Leveret Sloop of War was paid bounty, and
two months wages in advance.
. The-Jasper SloOp of War is commissioned, and
Capt. ALLEN appointed to command her.
Half past Five.—Came down his Majesty'sShip.s
Aboukir and Glomman, from Long ,Reach. ,
Passed .by-part of the West India Fleet, for the
River.

Arrived his Msjesty's Ship Melville, Capt. KING.
His Majesty's Ship Leveret sails to-morrow morn-
ing, for the Baltic.

DILA L, JULY 7..—Carne•downfrorn the River the
Diadem:, s:s'lirn; 'and Alexander; Neck, for the
Brazils.

Arrived his Majesty's .Ships Clyde and Kangaroo
from a cruize, and remain in the Downs. with the
_Ships as per:last.,

Dor i,,r„ JULY 7,--Passed by the Ship Mary, with
-wine, from Spain,; she brings no news, the English
✓Fleet not having entered Cadiz when she came away.

The St.Alithacl Anierican Packet, which reached
:L'Orieni"s6ie ale since, .wit h Messengers and dis-
patches from Au:erica, is arrived in the DoWtis; and
-will shortly return Id America. Dispatches have
been biOnzht by this conveyance to Mr. PINCKNEY.
:Tbelatest 'accounts from Paris are of the. 28th of
-June. • - •

-Yesterday the two regiments of his Majesty's
Life "Guards were btigided. together on Wimbledon
Common, prepaiatory su. a grand revie.v which is
to take place on the 15th instant. General Lord
HEATITFIELD had the comMand.. The troops-were
under arms from six in the morning until two in the
afternoon, exercising almost incessantly the whole
of the time. Notwithstanding the extreme fatigue
of these highly respetiable regiments under an al-
most perpendicular sun, we are happy to state, that
not the slightest accident occurred.

Yesterday the I 4 h Regiment of Light Dragoons
were reviewed on Hounslow Heath, by his Royal
Highness the Commander in Chief. 'l heir Royal
Highnesses.the Dukes of CLARUNCA And -QUNUIPB-'
LAND were
,also kresent.

SIDMAN.

INSTRUCTION

I 0 THE SUPEEME JUNTA OF TliE OOirEENMENT,
TO ALL CITIES AND :TOWNS, TO BE EXECUTED

WITH THE UTMOST PROMPTITUDE.

1: In cities and towns consisting Of !?000 'or more
honseitoi&rs; a Junta shall be' established, which
shall superintend all irrangeMents, and shall be
obeyed by all the inhabitants ; abd in places of
sttaller size; the ilyuntainieiztOs shall hold the place,
and perform the funetions of 'the Juntas.

• 2t. -It is ordered, that with the concurrence of the
iiyuntarnietito, the Clergy, Prelates, Priests, No-
bles, and other persons so assembled, a Junta of six
be formed, to receive orders 'from the -Supreme
junta, and correspond therewith, and in every parti-
cular a& under their authority ; and the inhabitantS
and the Corregida Are required to obey them in their
office', and every thing thereunto appertaining.
3. It shall' be the duty of this Junta tti inlist the
inhabitants from the age of 16 to 45 ; firsts such as
volunteer their services, and then all the seculariti-
habitants of the aforesaid age ; to form them into
Cninpanies, to assign them respedable persons for
•CaPtains„ Lieutenants, and Ensigns, with it'll power
to naine .SergeantS and Corporals, which they will
Proceed to do with all possible: dispatch.
4. They will instruct the towns Of their districts;
and even those of the neighbouring "districts; to-trub-
mit td the same regulations, inliSttnents, and ap-'
poituntents, and to adVise the junta therebfxilthout
delay. • •
5. For the present; each Company 'shall rimain•
in its district, but the. Junta empOwered, if it
think fit, to call together the inliSted,CompardeS lb
the other towns. •

' 6. The Junta will harrie a cenfideritial per Son to
administer,. finder its direction; the funds, 'which
must meet the expencei of the present occasion.-
7. These funds shall be raised by orders'•orthe
Junta from all Corporations and rich individuals; and
Over and abtive a subscriptiOn shall be opened; that
all the inhabitants May contribute in, ptoportidn to
their seal fur their King and Country, and the ur-
gent' necessity of the cause. •
8: TO these fundS shall be added patriotic loanSdf
money, to be afterwards- re-paid hi full; and it is.
expected; floirt the public spirit of theinhabitants,
that there will be no occasion for forced loans, or
any Other proceeding, Which, though• it .might ..be
violent,' Would sail be justifiable by the necessity Of
the Case.

g. l'his Proclaim ('-2140, shall be piinted
and published' by ii - J vita, and shall be
placarded ankle irrn: , at 1,„-acci„ -•—•
10. An the :\ r...es and liimCi;ontiries
,are for the Lunintned in their rdsle4ive
ofii cc,,

Seville. 29th .11,ty, 1808.
D. JUAN. B TISTA ESTBLLER See. Pri1110;
D. J. B. Secui&. ..

ADDRESS TO THE.PcOPLE GI! PORT:JC2iI—.3.

PORTUOU ESS—Your lot la, Jperhaps; %the, hardest,
ever endured by any people on the earth. ‘.{..414
Prances were compelled •to .flfroni you, tied the-
events m Spain have furniakietkin, irrefragable' proof
of the absolute necessity-'df--that,*-Measpre, vZou
were ordered not to defend yeurselvea, and you did
not defend yourselves. .1u NOT, offerecl, to, snake you
happy, and your happiness has -censisted ,in .l ing
treated with greater cruelty than the most
.fer,ocipus.
conquerors Maid on the people whom they -ham
subdued by force of arms, and after ,tile most ob:
stinate resistance. You have been despoiled ofyour
Princes, your laws,• your- usages, your cesktems,
your property, your liberty, even your liver and
your holy religion, which your enemies never, soave,
itespetied, however they may, according,-to their
custom, have promised to. protea it, and however
ilkcy may affeet and pretend to have any sense of, it
themselves. Your nobility has-been annihilated, its
property confiscated in punishment of its fidelity and
loyalty. You have been basely dragged to foreign
countries, arid compelled to prostrate .yourselves at
the feet ,of,the man who is, the author of all your ca=
lamities, and who, by the most horrible perfidy;, has
usurped your Government, and, rules you. with a
sceptre of iron. Even now your troops, have left
your borders; and are travelling in, chains tO die in
the defence of him who ,has oppressed y9u,,
which means his deep malignity may accamplish his
purpose, by destroying those .w ho: should constitute
your strength, and .by rendering,their lives siabser-
.vient to his triumphs, and, to the savage glory to ;
which he aspires.' , •
Spain beheld your slavery,•and the horrible. evils
Which followed,it, with mingled sensations of grief
and despair. You are her brethren, and
,slie.parited
to fly to your assistance.. But certain Chiefs, and a
Government either weak or corrupt, kept: her in
chains, and were preparitig.the means by wing}, the
ruin, of our King, our laws, our independeecethair
liberty, our lives, and even the holy religion in which
.We are united, might accompany yours, 'by which a
barbarous people , consummate. their, o_wn
triumph,
,and accomplish the slavery of every nations
in EuroPe-r•-eur loyalty, our liotiour,. our; jestiee,
could itet submit to such flagran.catrocity: ! Wet6a.ve
broken our chains—let us then,to aetion—we bave
armies, we have chiefs, and the universal cry,ef
;Spain is, we will die. in defence of our country, i* we
will take
.care that. these infumous'enemies shall die
with us.. Come then, ye_ generous. Poqugueze)
unite with Spain to die in defence of. your coootryr—
her banneraexpeet you, they will
_receive yOu as'
brethren infamously oppressed. Thu cause oil Spain
and of Portugal is the same—distrust not our troops
—their wishes are the sante as Your own, and,you
may reckon ,upran their courage and their strength as
part of your socurity. . .
Yoi have Intyng yourselves the, objets of your
vengeance—Ohey net the'authors of your misfortupp
attack thern7--they are but a handful-of avisereble
panic struck men, humiliated and conquered already
by the perfidy and cruelties which they have com-
mitted, and which ,11eve covered them with disgrace
in the eyes of ii..iirope eed_theWerld ! then tn
a bry.lv het voi.4 't,,ining your honourable hands with

crimes, for yoer design is to resist than and to
stroy them'-:;-our united efforts-will do for this per-,
N'S'e it tviii be acceptable to our Readers to tidious nation ; and-Portugal, Spain, nay, all Europe',
see in in .Vnglish dress another proof of the shall breathe or die free like men.
gent spirit by whith the Spaniards are•aauated, in • Portuguese--Yourcountry is net ladaiiier•-•it 11
the instrudions which they haVe given for the uni- already gone—unite, unite, and iiy to restore and to
i•ersal'orgnuization of the Country, and of which iavelt. •
paper' we have already spoken.. We also present Seville, May 10, 1808.
our Readers their animated Address to the People of •By direction of the. Suprem- Junta, of Govern
, -
Portugal. •iL____ . • inent.

DON JtzAtc BAUTISTA ESTELLEP., SeC.
D. J. B. PARDO, sec:secundo.

ANTIQUITIES.

About three weeks ago, in the Island of Bonbi-
oils, South' Uist, Scotland, there .was fatind in a
bank of sand a htliTi2d skeleton, in a high state of
preservation i it Was in a.sitting pOstUre, holding in
its: right hand the lianqle of a sword. On digging
a little deeper,' there were discovered the fragments
Of an urn, with a. few piecesntsilVer coinage, bear-
ing a strong resemblance- to those of the Emperor
BTERUS. A feW remarkablecircuinStances attend-
ing this diScoVery are not unworthy of notice. Some
years ago the bank 'of sand, under which t hiS
t4celetOn•was found, Was So (hat it'served as a
bulwark to stop the raging billoWs of the %Atlantic ;.
but by tilts gradual encroaehment Of the sea, and-the
cOnst.n* drifting of the sand, which is -so iireValent
in the Hebrides, this tumulus was entirely removed;
when a bed of stones, nearly about the size of brickF;,
diagonally and longitudinally arranged, presented it-
self. This led some Gentlemen iii the island tq
cause This bed _to be carefully examined. Those
'who are acqrtainted with the 'qualities of pure sand,
unmixed with any particles of earth, for powerfully
resisting corrosion, will net dispute the "possibility of
this skeleidn being, the reaming of some distingnisheA
Roman Hero ;• but how it should happen to be in-:
terred, a 'quarter so remove, whither the Roman
Eagle never penetrated, according to common opi-
nion, is not so easily accounted for ; 'thonBh the be-
lief that the Romans never crossed the Grampian
hills is-considerably weakened by the'discotery of d
regular encampment, supposed to be R6tnan, now
visible in the distritt of Badenock, Inverness-shire.

WESTMINSTER SESSIONS, JUNE 7,

BEFORE MSE. :117StiCE MA IN w ART 4G, ATth 'A IItNOVI

'OF MAGISTRATES.

This wai the
_first day -of the SessioM, and the
Court sat in the new Sessions Folse for the first
time. Mr. MA INWAliir46 made an appropriate ,peecii"
to the Grand Jury on the occasion.
