UNION-HALL.

John Reeve, the proprietor of a shop for the sale of va-
rious publications in the Waterloo-road, was charged with
having in his possession several copies of Moore's Almanack
for the ensuin., year, suspected to have been stolen from
the premises of' Mr. Baldwin, in Bridge-street, Blackfriars,
and those of Messrs. Nicholls, in Parliament-street, printers.
The defendant, in answer to the Magistrate to account
for the possession of the almanacks, said he purchased them
of a man who called at his shop.
MAGISTRATE —Do you know the man's name ? De-
fendant—l don't know his name, but I should know, him if
I saw him again.
NIAGISTRATE—What sort of a man was he ? Describe
his person ; for you will be placed in a very awkward situa-
tion if you cannot give a better account of the manner in
which the alleged stolen almanacks have come into your
possession.
Defendant—The man I bought them of is a tall dark
man, and appeared to me to be one of those persons who
hawk different publications about for sale.

The MAGISTRATE asked the defendant what he gave
for the almanacks, and he replied 4s. a dozen.
Mr. Nicholls said that the lowest price at which the
almanacks were sold to the trade was 4s. 6d. a dozen.
The Magistrate should allow the case to stand over for a
few days, in order that the defendant might have an oppor-
tunity of finding the person from whom he purchased the
almanacks, and in the interval he hoped that the defendant
would use due diligence for that purpose. The postponement
of the case would also give time for the discovery of the
parties who had robbed the premises of the gentleman wl►o
printed the work.

The defendant, having expressed his determination to use
every exertion in his power to find the man from whom he
bought the sheet almanacks, was then liberated.

EAST INDIA SHIPPING.

Arrivals.—The Malabar, Southward, from Bombay, at Li-
verpool, sailed Aug. 11, and St. Helena Oct. 10. The Mary
Eliza, Paterson, from Singapore, in the Downs, sailed June
27, and Anjer July 16.
The Indian Chief, M`Dowall, from Liverpool to the Mau-
ritius, struck on the Rask Bank en Saturday nicht last or
Sunday morning, and was abandoned. The crew arrived at
Capore, Ireland.
The Andromeda, Latimer, from Calcutta to the Maui itius,
was totally lost about 16 miles S. W. of the Juggernaut Pagoda
on the 28th July. The captain and three of the crew drowned.
The Highland Chief, Canning, from Calcutta to Penang,
was lost at Saugur on the 24th of August during a heavy gale.
Crew saved by the assistance of Captain Cox, of the Aurora.
Arrival at Suez.—The Hon. Company's steamer Atalanta,
from Bombay, in 20 days, on the 16th October, and sailed 25th
for Bombay with the London mail of Sept. 30, and to call at
Mocha for the August and September mails, which had been
intended for the Berenice.

Arrivals at St. Ilelena.—The Mary Ann, Webb; Lloyd
and Dorothea, Sarshurst, from Calcutta and Bencoolen ;
Brown, from China, and all sailed Oct, 10, for Liverpool.
Arrivals at Calcutta.—The Daniel, Wheeler, the Crouch
and Mandarin, Donald, from Liverpool; Sultan, from Sun-
derland; Lucinea, Robertson, Aug. 8, from Liverpool ;
Prince Regent, Aitken, Aug. 9, and Parland, Tait, Aug. 11,
from Mauritius ; Isabella Cooper, Currie, Aug. 12, from
London ; Fortitude, Wilson, Aug. 12. from Mauritius ; Se-
millante, Aug. 15, from Nantes; Philantrope, from Nantes;
Eliza, Clark August 16, from Mauritius; Margaretha, Ca-
tharina, from Batavia ; Ripley, Sheward, August 22, from
Liverpool; Earl Grey, Talbot, from Mauritius; La Indepen-
dent, Aug. 23, from Bourbon ; Betsey, Jones, Aug. 25, from
Bombay; Gvvillaiune Tell, from Bourbon; Thomas, Blyth,
from Mauritius ; William Barras, Aug. 29, from London ;
Perfect, Aug. 30, from London ; Renown, M‘Lean, Aug.
30, from Greenock ; Premier, Were, from Lima ; Mary Ann,
Anderson, from Mauritius ; Balquerie, Desse, from Bour-
deaux ; Britannia, Leith, Aug. 21, from Mauritius ; Minerva,
Brown, Sept. 2, from Bombay ; Jean, Goldie, Sept. 4, from
London ; John, Whelan, Sept. 5, from Mauritius ; Bombay,
Waugh, Sept. 8, from London ; Hope, Coombes, Sept. 10,
from New South Wales ; Sarah, Sadler, Sept. 10, from Mau-
ritius ; Bengal Packet, Steward, Sept. 10, from China and
Singapore; Qacen Mab, Ireland, Sept. 11, from Liverpool
and Rio.

Departures from Calcutta (Bengal.)—The Hereford, Rea-
burn, Aug. 2. for Liverpool ; Rossendale, Fiiend, Aug. 6,
fur London ; William Metcalfe, Philipson, Aug. 8, for Lon-
don ; Esther, Douglass, Acg. 8, for Liverpool; Westmor-
land, Brigstock, Aug. 10, for the Mauritius; Louisa, M'Cut-
cheon, Aug. 12, Rognons, Howlett, Aug. 12, and Egbert,
Paulen, Aug. 12, for the Mauritius; Hope, M'Cullum, Aug.
15, for New South Wales; Bengal, Wilson, Aug. 16, for
London; Aurora, Cook, for London; Parsee, M' Kellar,
Aug. 19, for London ; Protector, Buttenshaw, Aug. 23, for
the Mauritius; John Bagshaw, Blyth, 26, and Forti-
tude, Wilson, Aug. 26, for the Mauritius; Aug.-Daniel Wheeler,
Bouch, Aug. 27, for Liverpool ; Jumna, Robertson, Sept. 5,
for China.

Departures from Saugur (Bengal).-The Gunja, Young-
husband, Aug. 4, for Liverpool ; Abercrombie Robinson,
Scott, Aug. 5, for China; Symmetry, Saville, Aug. 7, for
the Mauritius ; Imogene, Riley, Aug. 7, for Liverpool ; Here-
ford, Reaburn, Aug. 10, for Liverpool ; Mary Hartley, Priest-
man, Aug. 16, for Liverpool ; Edward Barnett, Proudfoot,
Aug. 16. for London ; George the Fourth, Drayner, Aug,
24, for China; William Rodgers, Crawford, Aug. 30, for
London; Am well, Aug. 30; John Maclellan, M'Donald,
Sept. 1, for London ; Adelaide, Guthrie, for London ; Peter
Proctor, Barlow, Sept. 5 ; Jumna, Robertson, Sept. 7, for
China; John Bagshaw, Blyth, Sept. 2, for the Mauritius;
Egbert, Padlin, Sept. 2, for the Mauritius.
Arrivals at Madras.-The Ilindostan, Redman, July, from
London and the Cape, and sailed Sept. 3, for London; the
Henry Janner, Ferguson, from the Mauritius, and sailed Aug.
30, for London ; her Majesty's ship Wolfe, Stanley, July 29,
from Trincomalee, and sailed Aug. 1, for Calcutta; Mar-
quis of Camden, Gribble, Aug. 30, from Portsmouth;
Le Courier de St. Pierre de Nantes, Lebesque, Aug. 1,
from Bourbon, &c., and sailed Aug. 2, for Coringa ; Ar-
gyle, Sandys, Aug. 2, from London ; Stratheden, Chcape,
Aug. 3, from London and the Cape; Patriot, Mullins,
Aug. 3, from the Mauritius; Hebe, Haslewood, Aug. 5,
from Bombay ; Lord Elphinstone, Towl, Aug. 5, from the
Mauritius, and sailed Aug. 10, for Coringa ; her Majesty's
ship Zebra, M'Crea, Aug. 7, from Penang, and sailed Aug.
11, for the Straits ; Duke of Sussex, Ilorsman, Aug. 7, from
Plymouth and the Cape ; her Majesty's brig Pelorus, Hard
ing, Aug. 10, from Portsmouth, the Cape, the Mauritius, and
and sailed Aug. 17, for .Calcutta ; La Bal
Aug. 11, from Bordeaux, &c., and sailed Aug.
guerre,2T3r,i cmpaCieePaele';utta ; hor Majesty's ship Winchester, Aug. 4,
from -; L'lndependente, La Riche, Aug. 12, from Bourbon,
and sailed Aug. 15, for Calcutta; Mary Ann, Anderson, Aug.
12, from the Mauritius and Pondicherry ; Delight, Jefferson,
Aug. 12, from the Mauritius ; Lady Clifford, Bennett, Aug.
13, from Calcutta; Warwick, Little, Aug. 15, from Liver-
pool and Ceylon ; Victorie, Aug. 16, from Pondicherry ;
Catherine, Shreeve, Aug. 17, from Vizagapatam and Coringa ;
L'Artemise, La Place, Aug. 17, from Pondicherry; Sir Ed-
ward Paget, Hall, returned from sea on the 20th of August,
with loss of main and foretop masts in a heavy squall off Pon-
dicherry, but is otherwise perfectly tight; Bombay, Waugh,
Aug. 23, from London, and sailed Sept. 1, for Calcutta ;
Flora, Donalloy, Aug. 29, from Bombay ; Gaillardon, Rapson,
Aug. 31, from Calcutta, and sailed Sept. 9, for Masulipatam
and Penang. The Scringapatam, Denny, Sept. 13, from
London, in three months.
Departures from Madras,-_-The Resolution, July 30, for
Calcutta ; Prince Regent, Aikin, for Calent4 I tier Majesty's
ship Winchester, Aug. 5, for Trincomalee ; Sir Edward
Paget, Aug. 15, for London ; her Majesty's brig Algerine,
Aug. 0, for Trincomalee; L'Artemise, Sept. 1, for Cal-
cutta; Sir Edmard Paget, poi, Sept. 11, for London.

Herrings continue to be in great abundance here ;
and very fortunate it is that they are so, for our fisheries are
visited by Our Gallic neighbour $ from Dieppe and Boulogne in
great numbers, to purchase all film fish our boats can possibly
bring on shore, which amount to from three-to four last each
boat every night. They give Of. to la per last; nearly
double %hat would be got for the fish if lauded.—Brighton
Gazette.

ANTI-SLAVERY MEETING.

(From the Second Edition of The Sun of last night.)
The Rev. JOHN BURNETT, in continuation from our
First Edition, said—He was glad to see so many Members
of Parliament present—upon a question of such magnitude
he was sure they would speak out in a manful—in a
Christian spirit—they would speak to the minds and to
the hearts of the people. They must not, however, expect
that these Members were to work out the whole work by
themselves—their hands must he strengthened by the
people.—(Cheers.) Every Anti Slavery Society or Body
in the kingdom must stir themselves—they ought to get
up and send in petitions from every part of the empire—
(Loud and repeated Cheering)--they ought to cover
the tables of both Houses pith these petitions.—(Cheers.)
If they did so then, when the lion. Gentleman told the
House that the country was against the re-appointment of
the Committee, they would be believed, because they would
have the petitions of the people signed by myriads to appeal
tn.—(Cheers.) He was perfectly aware that even then
there was a way of putting the question aside when these
complaints were made—when redress was sought, up might
get an official personage with a bundle of official do-
cuments in his hand, and say the Government had
received such cheering intelligence from the West In-
dies, which, if the country knew; they were perfectly
sure the people would change their mind. He begged
for a little delay for only a short postponement of
the motion which, out of complaisance, the simple Mem-
ber agrees to. The motion is accordingly postponed, say
till Wednesday week—(Laughter)—or some such conve-
nient day when the House can be counted out, and so delay is
secured. Let the country be aware of all such tricks, and
they must he at an end. They were so contemptible that the
people would not put up with them.—(Cries of " Hear.")
Much evidence had been laid before the meeting that day.
Did they think any more evidence was necessary ?—( No,
no.) What was the use of a Committee of Inquiry when
they were in possession of such damning facts. There
- was one thing in the despatch of Lord Glenelg which was
unworthy of such a mind as that which his Lordship pos-
sessed. In alluding to the robbery of the half Friday from
the poor slase, he called it an inconvenience. An incon-
venience ! It was a fraud of the most foul nature—it was
a dead, a downright robbery, to take from the poor
persecuted slave that time which he required to cultivate
his own bit of poor land. An inconvenience ! Shame upon
the man who could use such a word, and more shame upon
the man who could advise any one to acquiesce in such a
robbery.—(Cheers.) On what ground was it that they
were thus to acquiesce in such a foul fraud ? Because,
said his Lordship, it is no use entering into a contest where
there is no hope of success. Was it really the case then
that the few miserable planters in the West Indies were
above the congregated and unanimous people of the United
Kingdom ?—(Cheers and laughter.) If that was the case,
then both Houses ought to meet and immediately pass a
resolution to that effect, and lay it before the country ; he
would not propose that it should be communicated to the
Queen, until the country was roused as one man to put
down the mighty power of the West India planters. When
that was the case, when the Crown was no longer in dan-
ger, and when the country had been roused to the support
of the other two branches of the Legislature, then might
her Majesty be informed that she was in no danger from being
deposed by the West India slave masters.—(Laughter.)
This abominable system of apprenticeship was denounced
by all the friends of the Negro in this country—by all their
friends who had visited them ; every person and class de-
nounced it but the planters, and if they waited till it was
given up by them, they would wait till the day of doom.
They must rouse themselves, in order to prevent the re-
appointment of this Committee of Inquiry, for it would
only prove one more of the many delusions of which they
had already been the victims.—(Loud cheering.) The
honour of the country was pledged to the abolition of sla-
very, for which it bad paid a sum of 20,000,0001., and that
honour must be redeemed by putting an end to a system
which was merely an aggravation of slavery.—(Cheers.)
The planters require to be taught a great moral lesson, in
the same manner as the Duke of Wellington taught the
French in 1815, when he restored all the works of art
which they had plundered from every country—they must
make the planter give up the possession of' that which was
not and never could be theirs. Much as he approved of
the policy of her Majesty's Ministers generally, in that
matter he had no confidence in them.—(Cheers.) They
had deceived the country on this question, and he wished
to rouse the country to the fact, so that they might be
driven from their false position to do justice.—(Cheers.)
The resolution was then put and carried unanimously.
The Rev. Mr. LOONEY, of Plymouth, then rose to move
a resolution to the effect that the meeting pledged itself
to use every means in their power to effect the complete
abolition of slavery of all kinds by the time formerly spec-
fied, and that they then raise a subscription for the purpose.
Ile said he yielded to none in their abhorrence of slavery
in every shape, and under any guise. It was a true and
apposite saying, that " a rose under any other name will
smell as sweet" ; so also would slavery be as bitter even
under the name of apprenticeship. The evidence laid
before them that day shelved clearly that slavery could not
be in any way ameliorated except by total abolition. The
Rev. Gentleman then cited many regulations with regard
to women, which proved that under the new system many
indulgences which were before granted to them, while in a
certain way, were now most barbarously withdrawn, and he
called upon the meeting, as Christians, to do all in their
power to further the laudable work of putting an entire
end to such atrocious cruelties.

Mr.• G. TnomsoN then stepped forward, and was re-
ceived with much cheering. He had been called upon to
address the meeting rather earlier than he had expected ;
but he having Christian feelings was prepared at any time
to become the advocate of the Negro. Every Christian
who was sincere in his professions would be ready to
pour forth his denunciations against the abominations
of shivery, a system which was upheld by the scourge and
and torture, and under which men were registered as so
many human beasts of burden. The meeting ought to
have been held earlier—it was said that the Government
had the matter under consideration ; but it ought to be
borne in mind that while they were considering, the whip,
chains, collars, and dungeons were at work ; lacerations were
going on. None of all these were suspended while they were
considering. He would give two more instances of the system,
and he could assure the meeting he would not detain them long.
He would quote from Parliamentary papers dated in July,
1837. The case was detailed to have occurred in Jamaica,
in June, 1836 ; and was a report from one of the Special
Justices to Lord Sligo as to the state of a workhouse
for prisoners. It stated that from ten to twelve negro
prisoners had been kept four days upon rather less than 24
ounces of corn and shad, and their sufferings were dread-
ful—so much so, that had not immediate relief been af-
forded, they must have perished. This had been known
to the Government for more than twelve months, and yet
they would attempt to stifle the question by a Committee
of Inquiry ! The other case was that of Ann Maria
Thomson, who had died from severe flogging. At the
inquest on the body it was clearly proved that she bad been
beaten most cruelly for a whole week, and often in a day—
her neck, back, and shoulders, were completely covered
with bruises. In fact, the upper part of her body was one
mass of corruption. She died, and the verdict was—Natu-
ral Death—(Groans)—though the Doctor gave his opinion
the other way. That was a fair specimen of Jamaica justice.
If it were asked when the Government would redress the
grievances of the slaves, he (Mr. Thompson) answered,
" When you please."—(Cheers.) There were no difficul-
ties now to contend with, which we had not to conquer in
1832 ; therefore did lie say, " Agitate ! agitate ! agitate !"
—(Tremendous cheers.) Let the country speak now as
it had spoken, and it would not utter its voice in vain.—
(Great cheering.) All that was required was information
to be diffused throughout the kingdom ; in every rural,
district, in every busy city, hearts would beat high to the
call of honour, of humanity, and justice—(Cheers)—and
an invincible phalanx would be formed to obtain the
extinction of the blood-stained traffic.—(Loud cheering.)
Let them not be lukewarm in the cause. (Hear, hear.)
Remember the House of Commons was regulated by the
spirit of the people, as a thermometer by the temperature
of a room : if we arc temperate the House is down at
zero.—(Laughter and cheers.) This meeting must give a
stimulus to agitation on this question all over the country—an
agitation which must never cease till the last fetter has been
struck from the manacled British subjects.—( Loud cheers.)
Mr. Thompson having seconded the resolution, sat down
amidst tremendous cheering. _

'The resolution was. then put, and carried unanimously.
W. CREWDSON, Esq., moved the appointment of a
Central Negro Emancipation Committee, which contained
the names of Reverends J. Young. M.A. ; John Burnett ;
J. H. Hinton, M.A.; Eustace Carey ; and Richard
l'eek, Josiah Condor, S. Allen, R. Barret, J. Scoble,
Samuel Fox, and Joseph Cooper, Esqrs.
The Rev. W. M. BUNTING seconded the Resolution,
which was put, and carried unanimously.
EDMUND TURNER, Esq. (M. P. for Truro) moved a
Resolution, assuring the negro population of the West
Indies of the sympathy of the meeting with their sufferings
and afflictions, expressing a hope that their deliverance
might shortly be expected,
SkMUPT, VOX' USq! seconded the Resolution, which was
unanimously agreed to,

- C. BRANDON, Esq., M. P. for Tavistock, then
proceeded to move a resolution strongly condemning
the drawback on the importation of West India Sugar.
J. PpTep, Esq., seconded the resolution= which was
carried unanimously,
The Rev. T. SCALES, of Leeds, moved the adoption of
petitions to both Houses of Parliament, founded on
the resolotioos to be si4ned by the chairman, on
behalf of the meeting, and presented by him to the House
of Commons and by Lord Brougham, to the House of

Lords. He was happy to state that his Lordship was en-
tirely with them.—( Loud cheers.)
The petition having been read,
T. W. ALEXANDER, Esq., Treasurer of the Central
Committee, seconded the motion, which was agreed to una-
nimeusly.
W. T. BLAIR, -Esquire, of Bath, moved the cor-
dial thanks of the meeting to Joseph Sturg', Esq ,
for his unwearied exertions i❑ the cause of Isl;gro Eman-
cipation.

The motion having been seconded by Dr. PHILLIP, of
Cape Town, was carried by acclamation.
Thanks were voted to the Chairman, who having re-
turned thanks, the meeting separated at half-past four.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—Nor. 23.

The .Ertrl of SHAFTESBURY took his seat at half-past
three o'clock.

The Marquis Wellesley, the Bishop of Lincoln, Lord
St. Helens, the Earl of Essex, and Lord Ducie took the
oaths, and subscribed the Parliamentary roll.
The House then adjourned during pleasure.
The House resumed at five o'clock.

Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from South-
ampton, signed by 1,300 of the inhabitants, com-
plaining of the working of the apprenticeship system
in the West India Colonies, and prating for the
entire and immediate emancipation of the negro. His
Lordship referred to the Island of Antig,na for a cor-
roboration of the assumption of the petitioners, that a
state of transition from slavery to absolute freedom was
as necessary as wise. Property in that island had gene-
rally increased in value ; there was no difficulty in
getting labourers ; offences of all sorts had greatly
diminished ; the average import for the three years
preceding emancipation was 165,000 cwts., and subse-
quent to the emancipation, during the years 1834, 1835,
and 1836, it was 189,000 cwts., making an increase of
24,000 ; that being a full increase of all the produce of
free labour, as compared with slave labour, before the
period in question ; in 1835, which was one of the years in
question, that increase occurred—notwithstanding a
severe and destructive hurricane, and also of a drought
which took place in 1836—also one of those years, so
severe and dreadful that water had to be imported into
Antigua from Barbadoes. Should these facts be proved,
as he was confident they would, by the Returns for which
he would move, then he thought he might fairly call
upon Jamaica, Barbadoes, and other islands, to shorn
cause why they have not followed the wise, humane and
noble example set them by the island of Antigua.
