11ATTON-GARDEN.

Daniel Piozzi, an Italian boy, was placed at the bar,
charged by Daniel Connell, a ragged little urdhin, residing
in Church-street, St. Giles's, with having robbed him of one
shilling. The prosecutor, who is about eleven years of age,
prior to being sworn, was asked by the magistrate whether
he knew the nature of an oath ? Complainant—No, yer
Vership.

Mr. ROGERS—Do you know where wicked people go
to after death, if they tell lies ? Complainant—Vy; yes,
yer Vership ; I suppose they'll go to prison.—(A. laugh.)
Mr. RoGERS—What, go to prison after death ? Com-
plainant—Oh no, yer Vership ; then they'll go to hell.

Mr. ROGERS ordered him to be sworn, when he stated
that the prisoner was in the habit of going about the town
with a musical instrument, and, being acquainted with
him, he proposed that they should enter into partnership,
and go about to collect what they could through their se-
parate abilities, for which purpose he (the complainant)
studied the words of " Jim Crow," which he was to
sing and dance to, whilst the prisoner accompanied him in
the song. In order to give effect to the celebrated
" chaunt," he dressed himself up, and coloured his face with
burnt cork, a la Rice, and went about singing and playing,
and, in the course of their rounds, they entered several
public-houses, where the company seemed highly delighted
with his performance, and made him presents, which he
" whacked" (halved) with the musician ; and, added to
this, he received sundry drops, which caused his " Wheel
about," &c., to turn into " reel about." and, on leaving one
of the houses, he was obliged to seek the assistance of his
companion to support him home, in doing which he forced
his hand into his jacket pocket, and extracted the money ;
and, on missing it, he challenged the prisoner, who denied
the robbery, and having sung and danced like a Nigger for
the money, and paid the prisoner his share honourably, he
thought it too hard, and he gave him into custody, and he
was locked'up in the station-house.
Mr. ROGERS asked the prisoner what he had to say.
The prisoner denied the charge. He was support " Jim
Crow" home cos he drunk de beer and gin, but he no rob,
cos Jim did not pay de monees.—(Laughter.)
The prisoner was then liberated.
The rival " Jim Crow" gave an exceedingly black look at
this decision, and said " he shall no longer be servant of
mine ;" and he declared that in future he would " jump
Jim Crow" by himself, and take more care of the profits of
his peculiar abilities.

MARLBOROUGH-STREET
Mr. Serk, landlord of the Three Tuns public-house, Ru-
pert-street, was summoned before Mr. DYER and Mr. Co-
NANT for permitting his customers to amuse themselves
with the game of bagatelle. The defendant having been
obliged to go out of town, the affair was very ably managed
by his better half.
Mrs. Serb would not pretend to deny that she had a
bagatelle board in hot house, nor that some of her customers
occasionally amused themselves with a game, in a room
apart from the public room ; but she could prove that no
money was ever gambled for, the pence which were staked
being only to pav for the beer which was drunk. Her
house was one of five or six close to each other, and as all
her neighbours hal some sort of atnusetwut for their cus-

. On Saturday last, when the light canal boat was on
its passage between Glasgow and lock 16, a gentleman, who
was attempting to ascertain the depth of the canal by
means of a long pole belonging to the boat, lost his ba-
lance, and fell overboard. A young lady, hearing the noise
of his fall, sprang to the side of the boat, and notwithstand-
ing the rapid rate at which it was moving, succeeded in
catching hold of his arm, the only part of his body which
was above water, and held it with all her strength, until
a sailor came and lifted him into the boat. When be
recovered the use of his speech, be threw himself at the
feet of his fair preserver, and gave vent to the overflowing.
of his heart in the warmest language of gratitude. Had as-
sistance not been rendered in time, the gentleman would in-
evitably have lost his life, as he could not swim, and the boat
would soon have been at a great distance from him. The
lady was likewise in great danger of being drawn out of the
boat.—Scotsman.

THE GOVERNOR OF THE BANK OF ENGLAND.
—(From the Agriculturist.)--" In the present position of
our financial affairs, the office of Governor of the Bank of
England is become by far the most important in the king-
dom, not even excepting that of Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer. Our readers must, therefore, he naturally anxious
to know the character and disposition of the person now
filling that important situation. As we have no ambition
to subject ourselves to an action for libel, when affording
this information to the public, we must content ourselves
with describing the qualities tha Governor does not possess,
satisfied, when this is done, that no man with the smallest
pretence to rationality will deem Mr. Patteson fit to fill any
higher situation in his important establishment, than that of
one of the stately beadles who block up its doors at the
dividend time, for which situation his portly appearance
peculiarly qualifies him. Lest, however, we should he sus-
pected of being personally opposed' to him, we beg distinctly
to declare our sincere conviction that a more honest man
never filled the same situation, nor one who profited less
from his position ; at least we know nothing to justify such
an imputation. However, it is not of much consequence
to the public whether the person filling this important post
be an honest man or not ; for whether a horse breaks his
rider's neck by playful good-nature or vicious tricks, is of
very little consequence to the rider; or that a man dis-
charges a loaded gun at another in joke or not, the mischief
is the same. All the public are interested about is the com-
petency of the man to fill a situation, which, if well filled, is
happiness and prosperity to them, and if ill filled, is cer-
tain destruction to their industry and prosperity. We
say, then, most unhesitatingly, that the Governor is --not
a wise man—that he is not even a common informed
man—that he is not a good-tempered, or even a courteous
man ;—that he is not the reverse of what is termed pig-
headed, or headstrong, in his conduct ; but, according to
the evidence given by a witness, last week, in an Irish Court
of Justice, He would not,' said the complainant to the
Magistrate (speaking of the prisoner who had assaulted
him), hesitate in attacking a hay rick.' We therefore
ask, is such a man fit to be Governor of an important esta-
blishment, which, by its capricious or ignorant measures,
may shake every man's property to its very foundation, or
throw out of employment millions of industrious men, who
claim no other privilege than that to which every man in
England is entitled—viz., to live by his honest industry ?"
THE DOG.—The period at which the domestica-
tion of the dog first took place is wholly lost in the mist of
antiquity. The earliest mention of it, in the sacred Scrip-
ture, occurs during the sojourn of the Israelites in Egypt ;
—" But against Israel shall not a dog move his tongue." It
is again mentioned in the Mosaic law, in a manner which
would seem to show that they were the common scavengers
of the Israelitish camp, as they are still in many cities of the
East :—Neither shall ye eat any flesh that is torn of beasts
in the field : ye shall east it to the dogs." A similar office
seems to be repeatedly alluded to in the course of the
Jewish history :—" Him that dieth in the city shall the
dogs cat, and him that dieth in the fields shall the fowls of
tilt air eat :" a common curse, as it would appear, as it oc-
curs verbatim on no less than three separate occasions in
the First Book of Kings ; and evidently intimates a violent
and disgraceful death, without the honours of sepulture.
The dog was considered by the Jews as eminently an un-
clean animal, and was the figure selected for the most con-
temptuous insults. It is impossible not to b. e struck with
the striking similarity which exists in the feelings of many
Oriental nations at the present day, amongst whom the
very phraseology of the Scripture is, with little modifi-
cation, applied to a similar purpose. The
it. ancient Greeks,
however, would appear to have entertained a very dif-
ferent sentiment towards Homer, in his Odyssey,
employs the faithful attachment of the dog to his master
as the foundation of one of the most touching and inte-
resting incidents in the eventful wanderings of his hero
and there is not a modern story of the kind, accumulated
as such instances have been by the industry of unnum-
bered collectors of " anecdotes of the dog," which can
surpass—perhaps scarcely equal—the affecting simplicity
with which the poor dog's dying recognition of his long-lost
master is related, by one who wrote probably not less than
two thousand seven hundred veers ago. From that time
to. the present, in all countries where the religious peculia-
rities of the people have not interposed, the merits of the
dog have been acknowledged and recorded. He has been
the pampered minion of Royalty, and the half-starved par-
taker of the beggar's crust : in one form he appears as the
high-bred hound of the chase ; in another as the lowly but
more useful keeper of his master's flocks ; in another as the
sure and pertinacious tracker of human felons ; in another
as the active destroyer of humbler nuisances, and in another
as the laborious beast of burden and of draught.—History
of British Quadrupeds, by Thomas Bell, F.R.S., F.L.S.
The New York Inquirer contains the following pa-
ragraph of a slave who sold his wife :—" A fellow named
Tom Scudder, a slave belonging himself to Colonel Dem-
ing, of !Darien, Geo., had indulged himself in the luxury of
as wife, for which item of domestic felicity he gave 700 dol-
lars to a neighbouring tavern-keeper, who had the commo-
dity on hand. Mr. Torn Scudder kept his purchase on
hand until the fabric either became a little threadbare, or
until, perhaps, the spirit of speculation rose higher than the
spirit of marital affection ; and what does Tom do but put
the wife of his bosom up to the highest bidder at auction.
The goods' appear to have been in good order and sale-
able condition, for the lady sold for 7:;.0 dollars—realizing
a very decent profit to the husband. Tom is said to be
above board in his circumstances, and will be able to pur-
chase his own freedom, and have a handsome competency
besides ; but Tom knows better, and refuses to become
free. .
i The horrors southern slavery' are well exem-
plified n this case ; and we take it upon us to say that it
is by no means singular in its features, except that we hope
the southern negroes are not often in the habit of bartering
their conjugal comforts at so small an advance upon prime
cost. The other parts of the case are quite common.
