MAIDSTONE, JAN. S.

CURIOUS CONFESSION.—This borough is all alive. The
success of our reform candidates is certain. All the arts of
bribery and intimidation have been resorted to but will prove
of no avail. A very numerous meeting of Reformers, full 600,
was held on Tuesday last, at which the following singular con-
fession, taken down from the lips of W. Sears, a labourer out
of work during the last election, and engaged by the Tories to
act as a bully, was read, and produced a great sensation. The
confession I have by favour obtained a copy of from our excel-
lent paper the Maidstone Gazette, and is as follows :
" I was, at the last election, employed at the Cooper's Arms, by
a card, to keep (as the ticket to be paid by), for assisting the pur-
ple party. We were to go down to the poll, and I was stationed
with a sergeant and a number of others, in each division of the
polling, to obstruct the blue voters. I, and about 70 others, were
employed by —, who paid us 4s. per day, and 2s. in tickets every
morning, and at night a present extra—sometimes amounting to
31., 41., and 51. amongst us. .We were also employed in the county
election, and got about as much there. A gentleman with a blue
bow was carried away by force into the Mitre, and we were treated
with gin for doing it. In the evening drums and fifes were beat,
and we were called on to turn out, by a person called our Captain,
to go round and hoot and insult persons in the blue interest in their
houses, and gave the poor fellows three gallons of beer to go
and rob Southon's shop of some handbills."
The reading of this document caused great indignation at
the cowardly means taken to intimidate the electors.
WILLIAM SEARS then came forward and averred the truth
of his statement, and entered into a variety of details of the in-
famous proceedings of the ruffians engaged by the Tories at
their last election for Maidstone and Kent. It seems the bul-
lies were hillited like soldiers at different public-houses under
regular officers till the evening, " when the drum beat for mis-
chief."
Another meeting occurred last night for the purpose of re-
ceiving Mr. Barnett, one of our late respected Members. It
was one of the most numerous and enthusiastic ever held at
Maidstone : full SOO persons were present.
Mr. BriazivrT addressed the meeting at some length. He
implored the Meeting, for God's sake, never to let it be said,
that they had lent themselves to the plaelng of a Government
in power, whose acts if they were consistent, would produce a
military despotism, which would subject them all to slavery; or
if inconsistent, would be unworthy of the confidence of honour-
able men.--(Cheers.) Ho had been shown returns which
convLiced him that his election was secure. ( A most enthu-
siastic burst of cheering, which was interrupted by a call for
three times three. These were given, and about a dozen more
At the end of them.) The whole body of the meeting accom-
panied Mr. Barnett in procession to Lis lodgings, and after
they had retired, some of the hired bullies of the Tory
party attempted to annoy Mr. Barnett, by knocking at his
door, hooting, &c. ; after which they retired to their usual
allowance of guasle.
