CAITHNESS-WICK, MAY 16.

(From the Inverness Courier.)
The election of a Member of Parliament for the
county of Caithness took place here this day. About
half-past twelve o'clock the freeholders began to
assemble, and at one the meeting was constituted.
James Gregg, Esq., Sheriff-substitute, read over the
Act for the prevention of bribery, and the usual
oaths being administered to the freeholders, it was
moved by Mr. Sinclair of Forss, and seconded by
the Hon. R. Dunbar, that Mr. Sutherland Sinclair
of Brabster, as the oldest freeholder present, be
elected Preses of the meeting. Mr. Henderson, of
Stenister, then proposed Mr. Horne, of Stirkoke,
which, being seconded by Captain David Henderson,
the roll was called, and Mr. Horne duly chosen.
The Preses having taken his seat, George Suther-
land Sinclair, Esq., of Brabster, proposed that
George Sinclair, Esq., jun., of Ulbster, should be
elected representative for the county.
The Hon. Robert Dunbar, having seconded the
nomination, the roll was called over, and Mr. Sinclair
declared unanimously elected.
On tendering his vote, the Preses stated that
though he was prevented at the last election, owing
to a difference of sentiment on some points, from
supporting Mr. Sinclair of Ulbster, he now gave him
his cordial support.
Mr. SINCLAIR, of Forss, said he gave Mr. Sinclair
his vote, not on account of his being an extensive
proprietor, or the son of Sir John Sinclair, nor even
or account of his talents, but because Mr. Sinclair
had declared himself a Reformer, and went forward
to support his Majesty's Ministers in that cause,
" and may God speed him."—(Loud cheering.)
Mr. SINCLAIR then addressed the meeting at some
length.
Mr. SINCLAIR entertained a select party of his
friends at dinner in Leith's Hotel ; and a numerous
party of his well-wishers assembled in the Pulteney-
town Inn, in the evening, to drink the health of the
newly-elected Member; while the numbers assembled
in the streets of Wick and Pulteneytown, were
plentifully regaled with porter, supplied to them
from casks placed in proper situations.

It is said that, when LAPORTE first applied
to PAGANINI for his services, the modest violinist de-
manded 600 guineas per night. M. LAPORTE'S friends
must regret exceedingly that instead of entering into an
arrangem,•nt with M. PAGANINI, and appearing to sup-
port his absurd pretensions, he did not at once put a stop
to all negotiations.

PAGANINI, it is said, after having arranged
the prices of admission to his Concert, was unable to sleep,
in consequence, as he thought, of having so greatly under-
charged them. The "four boxes only" which were let
upon the occ.lsion, serve at least to show that there was a
diversity of opinion on that subject.
TERRY ALT'S GENEALOGY.—This re-
doubtedwllwill
have p
he
edisclaimsu
sht being a n
otis Roman at iovre of i
ginhis Clare, an
named
being derived from Terra Alta, which, as he translates it,
means " land too high."

BOROUGHMONGERS.-3,600 millions spent
in a century-800 millions remaining debt-30 millions
of interest—annual taxes raised from 2 to 55 millions—
rates raised from half a million to 15 mil'ions—corpora-
tions, cities, and towns, enormously in debt—parishes in
debt—every thing and every body in debt—estates mort-
gaged—houses mortgaged—industry mortgaged—brokers
and pawnbrokers full—bankers poor—trade without pro-
fit—traders insolvent—workhouses full--our poor starv-
ing—gaols twice enlarged, yet full.—criminals increased
ten-fold—farms enlarged—small farms extinguished—
rents high, tithes high, rates high, little employment for
labour—wages below subsistence—bread dear—the popu-
lation emigrating—pensioners riding in carriages—sine-
curists flourishing in palaces—standing army 90,000 men,
and 30,000 officers—lawyers and bum-bailiffs thriving—
insolvent and bankrupt commissioners in comfort—money-
jobbers rich—the middle classes poor and insolvent—colo-
nists imbeggared_shipping interest struggling—commerce
without profit—the labourers paupers. Such is the
boasted prosperity produced by the system, policy, and le-
gislation of the boroughmongers! Such are the results
of their wars, their paper-money, their PEEL'S Bill, their
egotism, &c. Certainly such things are no fruits of the
British Constitution, or of its Monarchy,but abuses be-
gotten by abuses ; and if the Reform Bid destroy the pa-
rent tree, it will correct, diminish, or destroy its perni •
cious fruits.—lntelligence.
A celebrated Tory wit of the present day,
having to take an early dinner previous to the opening of
the theatre, wandered into Russell-court, where some re-
forming landlord has put up The Lord John Russell's
Head as an inviting sign. The wit, turning to a friend,
protested against entering the house, exclaiming, " What !
dine at The Lord Johu Russell's Head ! by no means ! we
shall have nothing but Me Bill."

SECOND EDITION.
SUN OFFICE, Seven o'clock.

THE LONDON GAZETTE

OF THIS EVENING.

DECLARATION OF INSOLVENCY.
JOHN CHARLES SCHWIESO, Wimpole-street, Cavendish.
square, harp-maker.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
WILLIAM RIDLEY, Wreckton, Durham, miller.
BANKRUPTS.
JOSEPH and WILLIAM WATERHOUSE the younger,
Lad-lane, coach-proorietors, to surrender May 27, at two, June
3, at three, and July 5, at one, at the Court of Commissioners.
Leigh, George-street, Mansion-house.
CHARLES GRAY EMETT, Bath, grocer, June 7,8, and
July 5., at two, at the White Lion Inn, Bristol. Harmar,
Bristol ; Bicknell, Roberts, and Finch, Lincoln's Inn.
JAMES MOORE, Bermondsey-wall, Surrey, master-mariner,
May 31, June 7, at one, July 5, at twelve, at the Court of Com-
missioners. Haverfield, Hart-street, Bloomsbury.
JOHN JAMES VALLOTTON, Old Cavendish-street, Ox.
ford-street, French warehouseman, June 3, 10, and July 5, at
eleven, at the Court of Commissioners. Eurner, Basing-lane,
Bread-street, London.
JOHN MACLAGHLIN and DONALD MACINTYRE,
Sun-court, Cornhill, merchants, May 31, June 7, at twelve, and
July 5, at eleven, at the Court of Commissioners. Oliverson and
Co.. Frederick's-place, Old Jewry.
HENRY EDWARD ROBERTS, Broad-street Buildings,
merchant, May 31, June 7, at twelve, and July.s, at eleven, at
the Court of Commissioners. Baxendale and Co., King's Arms
Yard, Coleman-street.
JAMES WILKINSON, JOHN STRAITH, and ROBERT
JOSEPH THORNTON PERKIN, Leadenhall-street, brokers,
May 27, at eleven, June 3, at ten, and July 5, at nine, at the
Court of Commissioners. Oliverson, Denby, and Lavie, Frede-
rick's-place, Old Jewry. •
JAMES TURNER, Bridge-House-place, Southwark, hatter.
May 31, at eleven, June 7, at twelve, and July 5, at eleven, at
the Court of Commissioners. Townsend, Southwark Bridge-road.
CHARLES POV ALL, Birkenhead, Cheshire, stone-mason,
June 8,9, and July 5, at one, At the Clarendon-rooms, Liver-
rlib Perkins and Frampton, Gray's Inn, London; Walker,
Liverpool. PA JONES and FREDERICK JONES, Bolton le-Moors,
Lancashire, brush-manufacturers, June 9, 10, and July 5, at
nine, at the Palace Inn, Manchester. Hompson, Manchester ;
Adlington, Gregory, and Faulkner, Bedford-row, London.
JOHN WOOLRICH, Westbromwich, Staffordshire. chemist
May 31, June 1, and July 5, at twelve, at the Union Inn, Bir-
mingham. Holme, Frampton, and aftus, New Inn, London ;
Parker, Birmingham.
JOSEPH CLINTON ROBERTSON, Fleet-street, bookseller,
May 27, at eleven, June 3, at ten, and July 5, at nine, at the
Court of Commissioners. Pitman, Lincoln's-Inn-fields.
JOHN WOOD, Leeds, ironmonger, June 3,4, and July 5, at
eleven, at the Court-house, Leeds. Battye, Fisher, and Sudlow,
Chancery-lane, London ; Naylor, Leeds.
CHARLES GILLEY'', Baker's-row, Walworth-road, Surrey,
butcher, May 31, at twelve, June 7. and July 5, at eleven, at
the Court of Commissioners. Kiss, Gloucester-buildings,
Walworth

WILLIAM JOY, St Paul's Churchyard, bookseller, May
27, June 7, at two, and July 5, at one, at the Court of Com-
missioners. Williams, Quality-court, Chancery-lane.
RICHARD HELLYER, Devonport, cork-cutter, June 4,6,
and July 5, at eleven, at Elliott's Royal Hotel, Devonport.
Elsworth, Devonport; Brooking and Surr, Lombard-street,
London.

WILLIAM COPELAND, Liverpool, linen-draper, June 20,
21, and July 5, at twelve, at the Clarendon Rooms, Liverpool.
Toulmin, Liverpool; Norris, Allen, and Anthony, John-street,
Bedford-row, London.

JOHN PARSONS, Shrewsbury, grocer, June 7,8, and July
5, at eleven, at the Talbot Inn, Shrewsbury. Blackstock and
Bunce, King's Bench-Walk, Temple ,• Rutledge, Shrewsbury.
SAMUEL K AMSDEN, Coble, Lancashire, cotton-manu-
facturer, June 9, 10, and July 5, at two, at the Star Inn, Man-
chester. Adlington, Gregory, and Faulkner, Bedford-row;
Makinson, Manchester.

One of the Clare magistrates has been re-
moved from the commission of the peace. He rendered
himself very unpopular some time since, by committing
persons on charges of " Terry Alt " practices, who were
generally supposed to be entirely unconnected with such
proceedings. He was pressed to take bail for these per-
sons, but continued to resist until the election came on,
when he went to the gaol and liberated the entire party,
for the purpose, a 3 is alleged, of allowing them to vote for
O'GORMAN MAtioN. A representation of the transac-
tion was forwarded to the Government, and the result was
the erasure of his name from the list of magistrates.--
Dublin Morning Register.

SOCIETY OF ANTIQUARIES.-H. GURNEY,
Esq., in the Chair. J. A. REPTON, Esq., communicated
a very curious and interesting paper on the history of hats,
accompanied by eight sheets of drawings of hats and caps,
in an infinity of shapes and fashions, from the time of
RICHARD H. up to 1784. He observed the name hat was
derived from a Saxon word, meaning a covering for the
head, in which general sense it had been used by early
authors, and applied to helmets of steel. H its and caps
were anciently made of felt, woollen, silk, straw, and va-
rious other materials, and were as diversified in their
colours. In the time of ELIZABETH the common people
generally wore woollen caps ; and some acts were passed in
her reign to encourage the manufacture of them. The
broad brims were introduced by the Cardinals to their
scarlet hats, and followed by the Clergy. The inconve-
nience of the broad brim all round caused the turning of
one side up ; then two sides were turned up : and at last
turning up three sides introduced the cocked hat. The
high-crowned hat was first worn in the time of ELIZA
BETH, and declined in the reign of CHARLES 11. Mr.
REPTON then noticed the ornaments of hats, such as feathers,
brooches, and bands. HENRY VIII. is described on his
entry into Calais as wearing feathers from India four feet
long ; and men wore feathers in their hats as late as the
reign of Queen ANNE. Yew is mentioned as placed in
the hat to denote mourning for a deceased relative or friend.
The paper contained numerous curious and amusing quo-
tations on the subject from a great variety of authors.—
Literary Gazette.

On Saturday last a placard was profusely
posted in the streets of Leeds, calling a meeting of the
Radical Reformers, to be held at the Brewers' Arms on
Wednesday evening, to support and defend Mr. HUNT, the
consistent advocate of Radical Reform, who had been tra-
duced and misrepresented. A very animated discussion
took place, which terminated in the following resolution :
—" That in the opinion of this meeting Mr. HUNT'S
conduct on the question of Reform has shown either that
he is incapable of performing the duties of a legislator, or
that he has intentionally aided the buoughmongers in
withholding from a large portion of the people their just
rights. That his assertion that for five shillings he could
obtain to any petition any number of signatures he pleased,
was slandering the good sense of the working classes, and
furnishing their enemies with the best of all arguments
for keeping them in a state of degradation and slavery, and
therefore that he is no longer worthy of the trust of sin-
cere Reformers."—Manchester Guardian.

TIIE RIVER NIGER.—We have the gratifi-
cation to state that the great question respecting the course
of the Niger, which has puzzled geography and literature
for many centuries, has at last been determined by British
courage and perseverance. We have just received the an,
flexed letter from our esteemed and intelligent friend Mr.
FISHER, surgeon of the AMA well kno am to the world
for his own interesting voyages and travels.

" His Majesty's Ship Atholl, at Sea, Bight of Biafra,
February 2.
" DEAR take the opportunity of writing you a
few lines by a vessel that we have just now met on her
way to England. My object in writing in this hasty
manner is to acquaint you that the grand geographical
problem respecting the termination of the Niger is at
length solved.
" The Landers, after having reached Youri, embarked
in a canoe on the Niger, or, as it is called there, the
Quarra, and came down the stream until they reached the
sea, in the Bight of Biafra. The branch by which they
came to the coast is called the Nun, or Brasse River,
being the first river to the eastward of Cape Formosa. On
their way down the river, they were attacked by the Hib-
boos (a fierce nation that inhabit its banks), and made
prisoners, or rather captives ; but the King of Brasse
happening to be in that country buying slaves, got them
released, by giving the price of six slaves for each of them.
In the scuffle that ensued at the time they were taken, one
of them lost his journal.

6, Whilst at Youri they got the prayer-book that be-
longed to Mr. Anderson, the brother-in-law and fellow-
traveller of the celebrated Mungo Park. They were up-
wards of a month at Fernando Po, whence they embarked,
about ten days ago, in an English merchant vessel, bound
to Rio Janeiro, on their way to England. From their
taking that circuitous route, / am in hopes that this will
reach you before they arrive, by which you will
probably
have it in your power to give the first news of thisim-
portant discovery.
" Ido not recollect of any thing else to acquaint you
with that is worthy of notice ; and even if I did, I have no
time to mention it, as the boat by which I send this (to the
vessel) is just this moment ordered away.
" I must, therefore, bid you adieu for the present; and
believe me, dear Sir, your's very sincerely,
" ALEXANDER FISHER,"

—Literary Gazette.
EXTRAORDINARY FEAT.—On Monday
rather extraordinary feat was performed by Captain COPE-
LAND, of the Bays, in a field near the Horse Barracks,
Manchester. The Captain undertook, for a considerable
wager, to gather up one hundred stones, each placed a
yard asunder, and to deposit the same in a basket, sepa-
rately, within an hour. This is nothing new in the annals
of sporting, but what made this case more extraordinary
was, that the Captain
.was to perform the same on horse •
back, consequently baying to mount and dismount at the
gathering and depositing of each stone, say two hundred
times. The Captain with two ponie4, gallantly accom-
plished his uudertaking to forty-five minutes,

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.

(From the Moniteur of Saturday, May 21.—Official part.)

" REPORT TO THE KING.

" SIRE,-Infractions of the laws, partial trouble., hay-
ing interrupted public tranquillity in some parts of the de-
partments of the West, and the continued impetuosity of
these infractions and disorders not being possible without
the spirit of party endeavouring to change the character
of them, it has become the duty of the Government to
study the most effectual means of putting a speedy end to
them. Malefactors were joined by refractory conscripts
at the time of the annual levy, which the latter endea-
voured to escape. Such is the composition of these bands,
which have nothing to keep them together but the fear
which one part inspires, and the weakness which spares the
others, which have nothing to impel them but habits of
chouannerie, favoured by the disposition of the country,
and have no object except, in some, of pillage, and, in the
greater number, desertion.
" But, as minds prone to alarm, seeing in these disorders
political reminiscences, the traces of which we vigilantly
observe, and as the criminal ambition of some persons might
take advantage of these germs of agitation, it becomes
necessary to put an end to exaggerated alarms, and to pre-
vent subversive projects.
" It has appeared from the testimony, and even at the
desire, of the local authorities in those countries, that the
centralization of the military powers, and the concentration
of the forces, would effect the pacification of the disturbed
districts, by making up by the ensemble of its measures,
and the rapidity of its action, for the too limited means of
the local authorities, when employed in combating every
attempt separately. (The Ministry accordingly proposes
to the King to send a Special Commissioner to the 4th,
12th, and 13th military divisions, with troops at his dis-
posal, who will be seconded by the local authorities, and
transfer the seat of action wherever it may be necessary,
without being stopped by the limits of the several juris-
dictions. The object of the mission is to pacify the
country, employing by conciliatory means, and afterwards,
if unavoidable. by force ; but without yet using the ex-
treme measures which the law permits, and which would
now create more obstacles than they would overcome.
There is no state of war in the west, and consequ ,ntly no
pretext for a state of siege. Thete is violation of the
laws, which the laws and public forces will repress. The
Minister doubts not that the powers of the Commissioners
will soon become unnecessary, by the suppression of the
troubles, by delivering up the malefactors to justice, and
by bringing the refractory conscripts to their standards.
He recommends Lieutenant-General Bonnet, who is ac-
cordingly appointed by an ordinance of the King annexed
to the report.)"
(From the Constitutionnel of Saturday.)
VIENNA, MAY 11.—The reverses of the brave D over-
nicki excite more and more public attention in this city.
Many private subscriptions are made for the poor Poles,
who will be obliged to make a long and fatiguing journey,
destitute of all resources. In almost all the great circles
ladies have collected for them. It has been reported to-
day that the Emperor was disposed to restore General
Divernicki and all his soldiers to liberty, on condition that
the Polish General-in-Chief should return an equal num-
ber of Russian prisoners, both offreers and privates. It is
said that an Austrian agent was dispatched for this_purpose
to Warsaw yesterday evening.

DUTCH PAPERS.
BERLIN, MAY 19.—The Prussian State Gazette con-
tains a long notice respecting the measures taken by the
Government against the introduction of the cholera morbul,
and, an ordinance, detailing all regulations for the establish-
ment of a military cordon from Memel to the extreme
southern point of Upper Silesia. •

To maintain the communication with other countries,
places are named at which quarantine may be performed ;
the duration of the quarantine (for persons and goods)
is ten days in the most favourable cases, and twenty in
others, according to the sanitary state of the country from
which the travellers or goods come. Official accounts
of the propagation or abatement of the disease will be
regularly published. The reports of the disorder basing
manifested itself in Kutno, on the road from Warsaw to
Posen, in Kalisch, in Wraclawek on the Vistula, and in
Lomas, are all false, and it does not appear that the
disorder has spread to any place west of Warsaw. But
official notices from the Magistrates in Gumbinnen an-
nounced that it has really spread in the Polish village of
Zatnowo, in the province of Augustowo, where, from the
23d of April to the 2d of May, since which there has
been no new cas., 36 prisoners were attacked, 13 of
whom died; the 23 others are quite recovered. It ap-
peared in the town of Augustowo itself also on the 23d
of April. Up to the 4th of May, 23 Russian soldiers and
eight inhabitants were attacked, 15 had died; there were
15 patients in the military hospital, and four in the town
ill of the cholera on the 4th of May.
STOCKHOLM, MAY 13.—Count Clacs Fleming died
yesterday.—Count Ugglas, having obtained his discharge
as Counsellor of State, intends to visit England with his
family in the summer.
Accounts from Schonen say that the poorer classes are
reduced to the utmost distress in consequence of the high
price of corn, and in Malmobushehn whole troops of beg-
gars go about asking for bread. Accounts from the pro-
vince of Blekinge say that the Government has sent
10,000 dollars to afford relief, by distributing corn; but
that the corn warehoused at Karlsham is not yet allowed
to be disposed of, except on payment of a moderate duty.
In many places the birch trees are cut down, and the
bark used for bread. The price of rye in auctions is 23
rix dollars specie ; but there is scarcely any to be had at
that enormous pric'.
On Monday the Government again drew fur 100,000
rix dollars of the fund allowed for years of scarcity, so
that only 100,000 rix dollars now remain of the million
voted.

COPENHAGEN, MAY 14.-It is said that a great deal of
corn is bought in Schonen for the British Government,
and the English fleet will take this corn on board at the
Island of Olard.

RIGA, MAY 9.—General Schirman, who marched
from Dunaburg with four battalions and four cannon, has
passed through part of Samogitia, and joined Gen. Baron
Pahlen, near Janischka. At Szawle he was received be-
fore the town by the greater part of the inhabitants and
the clergy bearing the crucifix. The insurgents were dis-
persed wherever they were met with as he passed through
Lithuania, and a great many prisoners taken. A few of
his soldiers were slightly wounded. Baron Pahlen left
Janischka on the 4th, passed through Szawle on the 7th
May, and proceeded to Tilsch, where it was said the in-
surgents were in greater force, and intended to make a
stand. Baron Pahlen, the Governor-General, does his
utmost, by mildness, to open the eyes of the deluded
country people, and save them from unspeakable misery ;
9,000 men of the sth division of the army of reserve go
to-morrow into the new cantonments in Livonia, from Riga
to Dunaburg ; 10,000 men are already assembled in Sa-
mogitia and Coarland.—Hamburg Papers, May 21.
The Prussian State Gazette has no news from War-
saw later than 12th May.
HAMBURG, MAY 20.—The Austrian Government
has refuQed to allow General . Dwernicki to return to
Warsaw, and has made arrangements for his reception at
Layb ,ch, and his officers are to be distributed in Moravia
and his soldiers to be sent to Transylvania. Dwernicki
has protested against the conduct of the Austrian Govern-
ment, and sent copies of his protest to the French and
English Ambassadors, and hopes, through their interven-
tion, to obtain some mitigation of the harshness with which
he is threatened.

BORSEN HALLE, FOUR o'cr.ocic.—The supply of wheat
this week has not been large. But samples found pur-
chasers for exportation at the prices quoted.
From the 7th to the 13th of May, 55 cargoes of corn
passed through the Sound-23 bound for British ports.

Weight RIX dollars.
Silesian Wheat... l2O to 125 155 to 160
Anhalt, white ll5 to 122 103 to 150
red 117 to 127 110 to 159
Mecklenburgh —to -- llO to 125
1,039 lasts of Wheat have been imported, 412 exported,
and 3,500 lasts remain on hand.

understoodYester dwayMr
have
ret.irtiA
edofrßomCtEhe
bla'rWsolmSSe,timlNe*ao wgo,anads
to have disposed of his law-books, &c., " walked the Hall"
once more in full professional costume,
The Dean of WESTMINSTER IS said to be
the only bar to the publication of SHIRLEY'S Plays and
Poems, edited by the late Mr. GIFFORD, and which have
been printed these ten or fifteen years by Mr. MURRAY, at
an enormous expence. Dr. IRELAND, as Mr. Girman's
exectror, is in po.session of papers relating to the life of
SitittLEv, which was not finished when GIFFORD died ;
and until these interesting documents are transferred to
the Rev. ALEXANDER DyeE, who Las undertaken to finish
the Essay, the work cannot appear.
The Prince DE JOINVILLE is the third son
of Louis PHILIPPE, and now in his 13th year. He was
to embark on board of the Artentisia, at Marseilles, on
the 13th instant, for the purpose of commencing his naval
career ; but whilst at sea he is to be placed, in every re-
spect, on the same footing as his brother midships. When
touching, however, at any port, he will be allowed for the
time to re-assume his princely rank and enjoy the honour*
attached to it,

1\

:

h

Lord
Lord
Cart
Knii
Besid
For,
For

SIR,.
gravely
last, tha
wall, an
have tut

member'
and burg
until I o
assertion
should
wall, I
strange
great co

January
very larl
and trail
Vyvyar
but agr
nominat
holders
hooted,
his attei
threaten
laughed
2. W
but Sir
Corresin
that tri
county,
.
prefe
the disc
Messrs.
from at

in conse
that tin
his frien
diilate i

Sir C.

May 22,

His C
at Walru
there un
Douro,
