NORTH ESSEX.

This was the day (Tuesday) appointed for the nomina-
tion of the candidates fur the representation of this divi-
sion, which accordingly took place at Braintree, at 11
o'clock this morning.

ISir FRANCIS VINCENT came forward to propose Mr.
Western as a fit and proper person to represent tla,
Northern Division of the County of Essex in Parliament.
The nomination was received with loud cheers, and was
seconded by Sir Thomas Ormsby.
Mr. WESTERN was received with immense cheering. It
was said the Ministry had ideas dangerous to agricu:ture,
such as free trade. He could tell them that it was no
such thing. Government hid no such ideas. He knew
Lord Grey and his Majesty's Government were deter-
mined to give agriculture all necessary protection. Before
he sat down he had to advert to a subject which in-
terested all their hearts, and struck all the chords of
their feelings. He meant slavery. He advocated the im-
mediate abolition of slavery, and would support every
measure calculated to produce the most immediate and
active abolition. The subject had long been under die-
cussion. It was advocated by Mr. Pitt, and opposed by
Lord Melville, and continued to be a subject for the mete
display of Parliamentary oratory. The Whigs had been
in office only six months, when they put an end to the
slave trade. The Whigs bad only been in officel2 months,
when the Tories began to cry out " What have the Whigs
dons?" But it should be borne in mind that they obtained
office after 70 years of Tory dominion, and th.•y bad to
rectify all the misconduct of so long a period. He re-
tired amidst great cheering.
Sir HENRY SMITH proposed, and Mr. BIRCH WOLFE
seconded, the nomination of Sir John Tysden Tyrell.
Sir Jotrx TYREI.L came forward, and was received
with loud cheers and sonic hisses. After a few introduc-
tory remarks, he said, it was a matter of notoriety that,
by the abolition of the rotten boroughs, the interests 6 f
agriculture had been lessened, and those of the manufac-
turer increased by an addition of 144 Members in Parlia-
ment. This was sufficient to show the true spirit of Lord
Grey's Ministry towards the agricultural interests. There
were other points in which Lord Grey's gross duplicity of
conduct appeared--for instance, his treatment of the Ra-
dicals. He, for his part, preferred an honest Radical, who
came forward and told openly what he wanted. The
Whigs had used the Radicals for their purpose—and now
that they have sucked the orange, they throw the rind
away. It was impossible not to see that the present war
was contrary to all known principles, and even to the
opinion of Lord Grey himself in 1791. The war against
the Dutch was most unjust and unprovoked, and the first
health he should drink after dinner would be that of
