THE LONDON JOURNALS.

VXTRACTS FROM THE DAILY MORNING PAPERSi

April 4, 189.3.

[TIIE TIMES.]
French papers in their due coursefup to Wed-
nesday, are arrived; and their contents are, like
those by which they were preceded., totally silent
respecting the commencement of the war. When
will these Bourbons commence the work of mis-
chief ? the world will. begin to asky with some
impatience. The speech of M. de !Allot:Mon-
naye will be read with some interest. The sub-
ject which called him forth was the finance law
of the year, and his first assertion was—(lle is a
'war-bigot and an Ultra),—that a budget present:
ell in time of war was not sufficient for a pence
establishment ;• This, if it be a fact,- or any thing
like a fact, is a curious one. The Bourbons
and their Ministers, we suppose, means the
Spaniards to feed the war which preys upon
their vitals. Who- would not support Roy=
alty at such a rate ? M. de Labourdonnaye
talks of the triumph of 'top:list' principles
like a Frenchman—that is, like one who
does not understand the subject. Surely all
that can be wished in favour of Royalist prin-
ciples under a ConstitntiOnal Monarchy is their
equiponderance with the other powers of the statev
The triumph of any is fatal to the rest, and to
liberty. When the orator talks of the King of
Spain as dragged from dungeon to dungeon, he
speaks the language of exaggeration. There
were Spaniards, indeed, braver and better:, than
fifty Perdinands, who had defended their country
during his slavery in France, and who were on
his return dragged from dungeon to dungeon—
from Spanish dungeons to African dungeons.—
There were. Spaniards,' whose sentences of ac-
quittal were altered into sentences of trans•
venation and death. But that period, we
hope, is passed,—it was a grievous one. M. de
Labourdonnnye complains, that an army " full
" of ardour," remeins inactive on the frontier,
and asserts that it is subject to the usual evils of
inactivity, and that it begins to want necessaries.
Respecting the ardour, some proofs of a very equi-
vocal nature have appeared lately; but were it
ever so ardent, a circumstance has occurred which
may be allowed to make it pause. It bare
longer journey to take than wait at first ima-
gined. A man may be prepared to go to York ;
but finding suddenly that the person with whom
he wished to speak is removed to Edinburgh, he
is obliged to take more baggage, and loses at
least a day mere in increasing his preparations.
Ferdinand was at Madrid : he is now at Se-
ville. There was a clamour in the Chamber on
M. de Labourdonuaye's assertion that the arm
was in want, but the assertion was repeated.-M.
de Villele followed. A t the beginning of his
speech he confined himself to the dry question of
finance : the end was more interesting. Re
talked of France approachinK to the point at
which she would he liberated from difficulty ;
described that difficulty as springing out of an un-
certain but transient situation—that of menaced
'war; uncertainty being a state of all others most
painful to Frenchrnen. All that s% can infer
from this galimatias of words anti obscurity of
sentiment.ls, that the war has up to this moment
been uncertain, at least that the French have so
esteemed it ; and that the uncertainty is now at
the point of terminating : but which way the
termination will be, the oracle saith not.
