THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 1839

provinces which lie on the western shore of the Caspian
Sea, and were formerly tributary to Persia, though they
now belong to Russia. Captain Mignan's accounts of
the Koordish villages, and of the habits and customs
prevalent among those primitive tribes, fully bear out
What Mr. Billie Fraser has written on the subject, in
his " Journey to Persia," published last year.

JA3IA ICA.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.".
I should be much obliged by the insertion of the
accompanying documents in The Sun, as the grossest
mis-statements arc circulating not only in Jamaica, but
through a part of the public press of this country, rela-
tive to the indisposition of the negroes to work. No. 1
is a copy of an extract from the letter of a highly re-
spectable Missionary, which states the object of this
combined effort to mislead the Government and the
people of this country. No. 2is a copy of the address
of the whole of the Baptist Missionaries in Jamaica, to
to the Governor, with his reply.
The conduct of the managers of many of the estates
is such, that unless the proprietors at home immediately
dismiss them, I think the time is come when the friends
of the negro should advise them to leave such estates,
and work elsewhere for more reasonable and humane '
employers. I challenge the production of a single in-
stance in Jamaica where an estates' gangs have refused
to work industriously when equitably treated, and a fair
remuneration has been offered.
I am, respectfully,

THE YEAR BOOK OF FACTS.
Simphin and Marshall, London, 1839.
This work is chiefly useful as a book of reference,
for it is a sort of omnium-gatherum of facts collected
from all quarters, and bearing on almost every subject.
It exhibits also many of the most important discoveries
and improvements of the past year.

POPULAR SONGS OF IRELAND.
Colburn, London, 1839.
" Several of these songs," says Mr. Croker the editor
in a p'•rtinent and well written preface, " although they
have been extensively sung, are now printed for the first
time ; and all the swigs in the present volume will be
found not mere English imitations of Irish peculiarities,
as in most former collections, but the real productions of
Ireland ; not whimsical caricatures, but genuine speci•
mens of national feelings, prejudices, poetry, and hu-
mour." The above statement is certainly a great recom-
mendation to the volume, and on looking hastily over it,
we find that the editor has said no more than he is
fully entitled: to say, The songs in question are really
and truly Irish songs ; hastily and carelessly written,
most of them, and with an utter indifference to all the
melody of rhythm, but abounding in broad rolicking hu-
mour, satire, and occasionally, though not very often,thc
deepest and truest pathos. To the majority of the songs,
Mr. Croker has prefixed a sort of introduction, stating
its origin, and who was its author, following, in this re-
spect, the example set by Hogg and Cunningham in their
popular Scottish songs and ballads.

JOSEPH STURGE.
Birmingham, 3d month, 19th, 1839.

Spanish Town, Feb. 5, 1839.
MY DEAR FRIEND,—I did not write you by last
packer, as I was on my way to the Association (at
Montego Bay) when she sailed, and I at not certain
whether 1 wrote by the mail previously. On my jour-
ney I naturally looked with an observant eye on the
the state of things around me, and had I seen here and
there a cane-field overgrown with weeds and jungle, or
subject to the depredations of cattle ; or had I wit-
nessed occasional indications of idleness among the pea-
santry, or here and there the operations of an estate sus-
pended, I should not have been surprised, from my
knowledge of the policy adopted by many of the indi-
viduals in charge of properties. The very reverse, how-
ever, has been the case. The cane-fields never appeared
to me to be in better order—the crops more luxuriant,
or the prospect of harvest more generally good.
Throughout my whole journey I discovered but one
cane-field that betrayed signs of suspended labour ; but
on inquiry I found that it had been thrown up the pre-
ceding year.

PHILLIP QUARL.
Finch. London, 1839.

A re-publication of the well-know❑ story of the Life
and Adventures of Philip Quad, which was cuggested
by Defoe's " Robinson Crusoe," and at one time was
almost as popular. The present edition is illustrated
with several inger.bus wood-cuts, and makes an excellent
book for youth.

REPORT OF A SUMMARY OF THE EVI-
DENCE GIVEN BEFORE THE SELECT
COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO INQUIRE
INTO THE MANAGEMENT OF CHURCH
PROPERTY IN ENGLAND AND WALES.
.Ridgway, 1 639.
This well-digested and complete summary of the mass
of unreadable evidence given before a Parliamentary
Committee, has been prepared by Mr. John Power,
Secretary of the Central Committee of Church Leases,
for the information of all who take an interest in the
sery important subject of the management of ecclesias-
tical property. The episcopal sees are ranged in alpha-
betical order, so that the necessary information respect-
ing- each may be obtained without loss of time or any,
other inconvenience. In condensing the evidence Mr.
Power has shown tact and judgment ; and we only re-
gret that one half the voluminous blue books furnished
by Parliament, and through which it is our painful duty
to wade, day after day, were not previously subjected
to a similar revision.

In no instance on the road, in the negro villages, or
in the towns, did I discover a single negro loitering
about, or betraying any other signs of an indisposition
to labour. All was active industry everywhere that
the peasantry were treated justly. Gangs of labourers
were in many directions already cutting down the canes,
the smoke was thus early seen curling from the chim-
ney of the boding house ; grass pieces had been lately
cleaned that had been neglected, I am credibly in-
formed, during the period of apprenticeship, and even
the decayed stone walls which enclose and intersect
many of the properties on this side of the
island, were being repaired and extended the
ma:lager in some instances having had nothing else for
the labourer to do. • So much for the reports that have
been circulated about the idleness of the people and the
ruin of the country !

These reports are really SO contrary to the facts of
the case, that one can scarcely avoid being forced to the
conclusion, that the authors and abettors of them are
either influenced in their conduct by the prospects
created by anarchy, or are under the influence of an in-
fatuation which, in the judgment of Heaven, will urge
them to their own destruction.

By this packet there will be also the most dolorous
accounts transmitted to the island agent—the result of
the meetings that have been called in several of the
parishes. But if all this is an attempt to secure the
sanction of the British Government and people to the
enactments of oppressive laws, or for the extortion of
more compensation money, which is seriously appre-
hended, let the friends of liberty and justice be upon
their guard.
On the subject of the parochial meetings, a large pro-
prietor thus writes to me :—" I am by no means dis •
couraged with the present aspect of things ; but I am
not without anxiety as to the result of the insane con-
duct of the white people, who are holding meetings in
the different parishes, at which they declare themselves
bankrupt, and the country ruined.
I can neither discover wisdom nor policy in such a
course, and tremble lest it should alarm the capitalists
in Europe, and induce them to withdraw their capital
from us. We have had one of these wretched exhibi-
tions in this parish, at which a string of resolutions
passed, which arc at once false, scandalous, and libellous.
We arc getting on famously at -- and at --,
and my anxiety to get amongst the cane-cutters and
sugar-boilers, must plead my excuse for unintelligible
writing."

I am just returned from the King's house, where
I have been presenting sundry addresses to his Ex-
cellency the Governor. Among them was one from
us, as Missionaries, as a body. The Governor's reply
is admirable ; I forward it, with the address, to you
by this conveyance.
The object of the planters I find, in their agita-
tion, is to secure two things from the Government—
more stringent laws and more compensation.
Last evening a large proprietor called on me, and
read a letter from another large proprietor, who had
been on a recent tour to all his estates, in which he ex-
presses himself highly delighted with the conduct of
the peasitetry, stating among other things, that the mill-
yards present the moat •cheerful-4111V loopy -Scenes that
_can be conceived. The former gentleman :Alio read a
communication from one of the head black labourers,
on one of his own properties; expressive of the greatest
attadiment to his master, and of his determination to do
everything in his power to promote his interest. Within
the last day or two I have visited two large sugar
estates in this parish, and can assure you that the.
managers have spoken to me in any way but discou-
ragingly respecting both the present and future pro-
spects. They not only expect to make as much sugar
as at any former time, but to manufacturer it in a much
shorter period. On asking one of the overseers how
things were getting on, his reply was, " we could not
do better." You will have heard ere this what effect
has followed the notices to quit. Numbers have been
ejected, but I have been enabled as yet to direct all
who, come to me to small freeholds. For this I have
purchased 150 acres of excellent land near town.

TO HIS EXCELLENCY SIR LIONEL SMITH,
Bart., Knight Commander of the Most Honourable

Military Order of the Bath, Knight Grand Cross of the
Royal Hanoverian Order, &c., Lieutenant-General
of her Majesty's Forces, and Colonel of the 40th
Regiment of Foot, Captain General, Governor-in-
Chief, and Commander of the Forces in and over
our said island of Jamaica, and other the territories

thereon, depending in America, Chancellor and Vice-
Admiral of the same,

THE DUTIFUL, LOYAL, AND HUMBLE ADDRESS OF THE
BAPTIST MISSIONARIES ASSEMBLED AT MONTEGO BAY.

It affords us, at the same time, the greatest
happiness, to be enabled to assure your Excel-
lency, that in the full confidence in your con-
tinued efforts to secure them the protection and
rights to which they are entitled as British subjects, as
well as from still higher considerations, they still yield
the same obedience to the laws, exhibit the same peace-
able demeanour, and evince the same regard to your
Excellency's person and Government, as that by which
they have been hitherto distinguished, and which they
are gratified in knowing has received your Excellency's
approbation.
As ministers of religion, as the instructors of the ig-
norant, as friends of the oppressed, and as the advo-
cates of civil and religious liberty, it has ever been our
lot in this island, to be distinguished by the misrepre-
sentations and calumnies of unreasonable and wicked
men. Misrepresentations and calumnies, however,
which we have had the honour to share with the best
of our rulers, with the most liberal and enlightened of
Governments, with the most illustrious philanthropists,
and with the most inoffensive and deeply injured of our
fellow men. At no time, however, with one exception,
have we been assailed with such virulence of invective,
or with such aggravated injustice as since the day that
gave the apprentice population its unrestricted liberty.
We have been charged, as a body, with exciting the
peasantry to exhorbitant demands for wages, with en-
couraging habits of idleness and dissipation, with creating
differences between master and servant, 1 and in some in-
stances with having attempted a disturbance of the public
peace. To all these charges, and to all others
of a similar kind that have been preferred against us,
whether by the Press or by the Members of our Legis-
lature, we give our most decided and unequivocal de-
nial, challenging our accusers to substantiate a single
accusation that would injure our characters as minis-
ters of the Gospel, or as members of civil society. So
far from having employed the influence we possess to
the disadvantage of the general interest of the country,
we have done everything in our power to promote them.
To accomplish this object, even when conscious we
should meet no other return than mistrustfulness and
defamation, we have scarcely considered any labour too
severe, or any sacrifice too precious ; and to this in-
fluence we cannot but flatter ourselves the present
peaceable and promising state of the country is mainly
to be attributed. Possessing influence as we do, di-
rectly and indirectly, over a very considerable portion
of the population, your Excellency will be at no loss to
conjecture the different aspect which the state of things
would have now presented had these charges been cor-
rect ; nor will your Excellency be less at a loss to per-
ceive the ignorance and recklessness, the injustice and
the impolicy, on the part of the individuals or bodies,
which continue so assiduously to prefer them. We beg
to repeat our assurance to your Excellency, and through
you to our most Gracious Sovereign and the
Parliament and People of England, that we have
never cherished an unkindly feeling towards the
proprietary and other influential portions of the
community, and that the charge of hostility to their
interests at the present time, is equally unfounded with
the other calumnies we so unequivocally denied ; and the
only pretext that we can conjecture for such a represen
tation, is, that the interests of the proprietor are consi

dered inimical to the rights of the freemen, to the diffu-
sion of religious and general knowledge, and to the
relief of the oppressed. It has ever been our earnest
prayer, and never more so than at the present crisis,
that our Governor and Senators, and Judges and Ma-
gistrates may be eminent for piety, wisdom, and equity;
that the proprietary of our soil, the managers and pea-
santry, may be good, industrious, and happy ; that
Jamaica as a country may become distinguished for all
that in a worldly sense is great, and good, and admirable
in human society ; that she may be connected with
Britain by the tics of the warmest affection, and noblest

sympathies ; the residence of our brotherhood, united
by the most sacred relationship that can bind society to-
gether ; and we are persuaded that there is no way in
which we can so efficiently contribute to the security of
this delightful state of things, as by a continued and
perseverinr, discharge of the duties to God and
our neighbour, by which our conduct has hitherto
been characterized. That your Excellency and
your amiable family may long enjoy the bless-
ings of health, and live in the enjoyment of that
holiness, without which no one can see the Lord,
and have an abundant entrance administered unto you
into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour
Jesus Christ.

We have the honour to remain, Sir,
Your Excellency's most obedient
and most humble servants,

( Signed)
JOSH. TINSON.
J. M. PHILLIP°.
THOS. BURCHELL.
WM. KNIBB.
THOS. F. ABBOTT.
WALTER DENDY.
BEN, B. DEXTER.

JOHN HUTCHINS.
JOHN CLARKE.
JOHN OUGHTON.
DAVID DAY.
JAMES BARLOW.
JAMES REID.
JOHN CLARK.
HENRY C. TAYLOR.

HIS EXCELLENCY'S REPLY TO THE FOREGOING ADDRESS
Jamaica, King's House, Feb. 4, 1839:

Rev. Gentlemen—l receive this Address with great
pleasure ; the reason :which occasioned it, that of your
annual Convocation, must have brought to your recol-
lection the occurrences of former times, and presented
in happy contrast the reward of your labours over a
grateful and religious peasantry.
My duty and my inclination bind me to do all I can
in supporting your praiseworthy exertion. to keep your
followers, through the obligations of Christianity, in a
course of obedience to the laws, and you may be as-
sured that I am not to be shaken by any trials to
which I may be exposed, in the faithful discharge of
my duties.
It gives me great satisfaction that you confide in
my character, to give effect to the benevolent designs
of the British nation, with respect to the lately eman-
cipated peasantry ; and while I cannot remedy, I can
only lament the uncompromising spirit which in many
instances they have had to encounter in their new con-
dition.

I shall say but little to you in regard to the calumnies
of which you complain.
Abuse is often honourable, and it has done great ser-
vice to your cause, for you may be assured it has ex-
tended the knowledge of your exertions, which have
gained you ample honour in every other country.
Heed it not ; and as long as I can give satisfaction
to my country and my Sovereign I will gladly partake
of that abuse as a gratifying proof that we are fast
destroying the last remnant of slavery throughout the
land.

To the Baptist Missionaries residing in Jamaica.

THE NAVY.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sitt,—Since that celebrated declaration of yours,
which appeared in one of your publications a short time
since, that you were determined to support the cause of
the Navy, it not being a political question, but a
national one—on the faith of this I take the liberty of
sending you a few remarks, in justice to the parties
concerned.

TO TIIE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Sin—You will confer a great favour on the body of
men to which we belong by inserting this letter, and
should you, Sir, deem our cause worthy your support,
you will win our gratitude by advocating our rights. Sur-
rounded as is the nation by foreign enemies, watching,
a favourable moment of attack, agitated as we are b y
factions, whose tyranny have maddened the people Dl-
most to insurrection, it may appear unfair on our part
to broach a question of so much interest to the nation.

A sense of justice required at the hands of our countrymen
urges us to the act, and a desire that those whose cruelty
has been for many years exercised on us should be exposed
induces us to give publicity to our grievances. Believe
us, Sir, when we say, that we will have justice and our
fair rights, or that our country shall not have our ser-
vices. When the call of justice to the Negro was
heard in England, and answered to by all, the good
fight was persevered in, and freedom to the Black was
won. If the demand of the Negro was granted, how
much more do we, your countrymen, whose lives are
devoted to the public service, deserve to be heard'!
By the act of justice granted to the Negro, his ser-
vices are remunerated fairly, and he is free of the lash.

If common right and religious law towards the Negro
requires this from Englishmen, can they withhold the
same from us, their countrymen, who still suffer under
the same grievances from which the Black is free ?
How long shall tyranny stalk unabashed amongst us ?
When shall we cease to be subjected to the caprices of
petty despots ? It is notorious that throughout the
world the sailors of England are the most
badly treated. We do not assert that all are tyrants—
there are some good, kind men in the Navy, but it is
but a tithe of them. We are well aware that discipline
is indispensable in the government of a ship, and that
we must be amenable to some laws ; but cannot discipline
be maintained without the exercise of a brutal punish-
ment ? We may be subjects of good law without being
the victims of despotic caprice or childish insult.
It has been the fashion for some time amongst the
great men of parties to quarrel on the state of the Navy,
that is the wood, iron, and hempen part of it. From
this question, which remains unsettled, the contest

•
was shifted to insults to which the flag of Eng-
land has been subjected. Many pretty words were
used, but nothing was concluded on it. From

this, by mutual understanding, they skip to the
affairs of the officers—the grievances under which the
gentlemen labour—but not a word is said on the suffer-

ings of the common sailor. The mentioning of anything
pertaining to TAU being excessively disagreeable.
There can be no doubt, Sir, that the Lord Chancellor
and the two ex-Chancellors, as also the Dukes and
Bishops of the House of Lords, arc also able seamen
—good sailors, almost as good as the Lords of the
Admiralty, or the old cows that feed near the house we

lodge in. With all deference to them, we beg to say,
that there are as good sailors as them, men who have
spent their lives on the forecastle, who hold quito
opposite opinions. Perhaps the gentlemen are so well
satisfied with their knowledge, that they care not
whether we think them wise or not—a pleasant delu-
sion, and long may they enjoy it. The gentlemen in
the " other House" are also good sailors, as witness

their motions on the expenses of the Navy. One
gentleman gets on his legs, with great coolness and says
" If Captain Marryat speak truth, the American Navy
is manned by Englishmen." If he speaks truth !—if the
gentleman will come and drink a glass of grog with us,
we will assuredly convince him by hundreds of examples.
We have a saying sir—which for the benefit of a certain
Lord—who is one of our affectionate friends—we now
write ; it is this—" Damn Andrew Millar—hurrah for
Uncle Sam." There are many of us who have been in
the Yankee service; in 1836, we, ten of us now present,
shipped in a schooner of twelve guns ; the crew was
seventy in number. Five of the crew were Ameri-
cans, two Dutch, one Frenchman, the rest were
English, Irish, and Scotch sailors. The Brandywine,
sixty-four guns, had a crew of 600 men on the
South American station, two-thirds of which were
English. The Delaware, rated a 74, but mounting
110 guns, had, in her last cruize, more than two-
thirds English. In fact their navy and merchantmen
aro manned by Englishmen. And why ? They re-
ceive better pay, are ted better, and flogged less. The
American Government always attend to their wants,
and relieve their distresses. They encourage English
sailors as much as possible, profiirring them to any
others (Americans are not sailors), knowing that on
the English they depend for the manning of their fleets.
The punishments are very rare. Does a month pass
that does not see twenty men flogged in an English
man-of-war ? No. The pay for an English able sea-
man in the British service has been at the most thirty-
five shillings a month, subject to deductions. In the
American Navy the rate of payment is from twelve to
fourteen dollars, or from two pounds eight shillings to
two pounds sixteen shillings per month, and the pro-
visions are much better. Now, how can they grumble
if we forsake them to better our condition ? If they
wish to prevent it, let them increase our pay and abolish
flogging and other abuses. We hope, Sir, that you will
not think it our wish to depreciate the naval power of
the country. We are Englishmen, have fought, and are
ready to do so again ; but we are also men, have feelings,
interests of our own, apart from others ; we wish sim-
ple jcistice, and confidently expect it. A Gallant Cap-
tain the other evening, spoke largely in behalf of the
midshipmen. He complains of the smallness of their pay.
He said nothing for sailors. Why is this? Are mid-
shipmen more useful than common sailors? Or do
sailors receive more in proportion than the midshipman ?
The young gentlemen gat nearly as much as the sailors
for doing comparatively little ; and that little every
ship's apprentice can perform ; but a midshipman can
never do the duty of a sailor, if he were to live a hun-
dred years ; and yet their complaints are to be listened
to and dilated on, while ours aro neglected. The
Captain would look well with a crew of mid-
shipmen, especially in a squall. Supposing even
that the midshipmen are not paid sufficiently well—
they arc not in fear of treatment from which, by
Act of Parliament, the jackass is protected—they are
treated like human beings—no opprobrious language is
used to them—disgraceful in a common sailor—but
which titled Captains have not blushed to use. But
sailors are strange fellows, and unless the lash be ap-
plied to their backs, their spirits broken, their charac-
ters destroyed, every bad passion roused in their hearts,
and every species of tyranny exercised on them, they
would not be such sailors as they are. We complai❑
not of the ships but of the officers. We care not for the
work but the treatment. Before we ship we must
have a guarantee for better usage. To you, Sir, there-
! fore, as the enemy of oppression and injustice, we con-
sign the task of advocating the cause of the neglected
seamen of England ; and though no monument of brass
or pillar of marble shall record the deed of humanity,
the heartfelt gratitude of the sailors of England shall
keep alive the memory of your humanity.

We remain, Sir,
Your obedient servants,
SOME SAILORS OF ENGLAND.

EVENING EDITI

disease ; and I fear, Mr. Editor, that you have CO VENT-GARDEN THEA.r.
got a touch of the same complaint : in your remarks FUND DINNER. ia•NPs'
on Captain Napier's last letter of Wednesday evening, ; c
you finish by saying that the Navy is in. a( wretched Yesterday evening the friends and support
state. Now, Sir, Ido assure you the Navy is not in. excellent Institution, " The Covent-Garden VI _
a wretched state, anything but that ; there may not be Fund," dined togethermaybetermed,at was on this occasion morethe Freemason's Hall. Thefe
ships enough, or men enough employed ; the men may tai for' so it
not be sufficiently nutnercusly attended than it has been for many years past,
paid. Captain Napier's plan is One
best I have seen, at least I think so. The seal n- as there were not less than four hundred and fifty gentle.
men present. The galleries were crowded with ladies, and
cers are getting old and disappointed, the juniors are
owing to the valuable professional exertions of Sir Georg
~e
sad and helpless. Jack is a good fellow still—take care Stuart, Madame Dulcken, Miss Romer, Miss Horton, Mi as
of him. Of all this I have nothing to say ;it is in Hawes, Mr. Balfc, the Hungarians, and otliCr, eve iry
better hands. I must beg, Sir, again to state, with attraction and amusement were afforded that coula rel' der
due deference, that the Navy is not in a wretched state. the evening one of unmingled pleasure and delight. Ile
The gunnery practice in our ships is beautiful ; there is room was tastefully fitted up for the occasion. Over lite
none so good, or anything like it, in any other service President's chair was erected a species of tent, upon the
in the world. Thanks to the Excellent's establishment, front of which was inscribedte It,hateroannensaouonfcetmheenFt
Fund,
dat
and
,i
there is not a ship afloat at this moment, nor has been jes y
ty
ia
the Queen was
h
for a length of time, but is a British man-of-war ,f• beneath
blessingss the appropriate motto, " The dews of heaven
every sense of the word.fe
a th• kin upon her
Of one thing lam certain, we shall never want a His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge presided
ussan the occasion, and performed the duties of Chairman in f'
top-sail ; and I fear we shall never sae the Russians out such a manner as to secure for himself the approbation of
of the Baltic. ail present. Amongst the toasts given by him were
I am, Sir, your obedient humble servant, The Queen"?(who had sent a donation of 100 guineas);
FAIR PLAY ( Captain R.N.). " His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, and the rest of
Plymouth, March 2, 1839. the Royal Family;" " The Army and Navy ;" " The
Covent-garden Fund, and success to it ;" " Mr. Bartley,
:the Honorary Treasurer of the Society ;" " The Noble
and distinguished Vice-Presidents ;" " Miss Burdett
Coutte, the Duke of Northumberland, the Duke of De-
, vonshire, and the other liberal donors of this Fund ;"
" Prosperity to Covent-garden Theatre," &e., &c. " The
health of the Duke of Cambridge" was proposed by Sir
Hesketh Fleetwood, M. P. Amongst the other speakers
were—Mr. Adolphus, Capt. Forbes, R. N., and Mr. Bartley.
The duty of returning thanks for the Covent-garden Thea-
trical Fund devolved upon the last-named gentleman.
He gave a most interesting account of the rise and pro.
gress of the fund, and icombated very ably some cf the
objections which had been made to it. He concluded a
speech, which was loudly and deservedly applauded, by
the following befitting appeal to those who were present :
" Davies, in his Lite of Garrick,' says, ' That his Ma-
jesty George the Third did more to patronise and rescue
the players from persecution, than all his predecessors.'
When his late Majesty William the Fourth first pre-
sided at these meetings, he particularly alluded to the
favour always shown by his royal father to the stage;
and added, from himself, that ' he considered the pa-
tronage recently bestowed upon the Covent-garden Fund
by his lamented brother, the Duke of York, had de-
scended to him as an heir-loom.' Dare we, then, indulge
a respectful hope, that the same sentiment may ani-
mate our Royal Chairman, and that this institution may
find equal favour in hit eyes? The way, Gentlemen, to
ensure it, is for you to prove that the appeal so powerfully
made by his Royal Highness has been duly appreciated.
Your former acts of benevolence stand upon honourable
record--let the present occasion be considered (as it de-
serves to be) one of unusual interest ; and, by your liberal
donations, this day, at once ensure a repetition of his
Royal Highness's gracious visit and the future prosperity
of this Charity." That Mr. Bartley's oratory was crowned
with success, it is sufficient to state that, exclusive of the
subscriptions paid by the Vice-Presidents, t he money re-
ceived in the room amounted to 8891. 10s., a sum greatly
exceeding any received at such dinners for many years past.

COMMERCIAL GAS-LIGHT AND

COKE COMPANY.

A public meeting of the shareholders of this Company
was held last evening, at the Crown Tavern, Church_
street, Shoreditch, for the purpose of having submitted to
them by the Commi:tee, some important communications
relative to the proceedings and prospects of the Commer-
cial Gas-light and Coke Company. A number of exten-
sive gas-consumers in the district of the Tower Hamlets
were present.

At' eight o'clock Mr. Coss was called to the Chair,
and having briefly stated the objects of the meeting,
Mr. Monais said, they had had many meetings on the
same subject as the present, in that and in other districts;
and a great deal of information had been given upon this
subject ; but the present meeting differed in character from
any preceding one. Heretofore he had on any previous
occasion only to tell them that the work was going on, and
that funds were necessary to carry it out; but now it was
gratifying to him to be able to state that the success of their
undertaking was doubtless.—( Hear, hear.) The brick and
iron works were progressing rapidly, and the Directors felt
confident that by the latter end of September the works
would be in a state to light the whole of the district.—
(Hear.) He would beg to suggest that the meetings of
the Directors and the Committee should take place more
frequently, in order to be able to contradict, and to put
down the effect of certain reports condemnatory of their
proceedings, which were every day circulating amongst
the gas consumers of the districts by persons connected
with other Companies to suit their own purposes.—( Hear,
hear.) The principle upon which the Directors had
acted was that of economy—purchasing every article at
the cheapest possible market; and the works had been
commenced in the most conveniest and the most
eligible situation for gas works in London; and all they
desired was the co-operation of the consumers, which
would be for their own benefit, not only in putting down
monopoly, but affording them a handsome remunera-
tion as proprietors.—(Hear, hear.) The Committee
were most anxious to learn if any of the gentlemen present
intended to interrogate them relative to the proceedings,
as they would be happy to afford every information in their
power upon the subject.—( Hear, hear.) At a meeting of
the Directors that afternoon it had been suggested that they
should meet on Monday next at three o'clock in the after-
noon, to witness the laying of the first stone of the large
chimney, when he hoped that the attendance of those inte-
rested in the undertaking would be numerous.—(Hear,
bear.) From calculations which had been made, the ae.
curacy of which was undoubted, it was found that by a
capital of 60,000/. works could be completed, capable of
supplying the Tower Hamlets district with gas—the
capital on which other Companies were compelled to pay
dividends was 460,0004—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. ROGERS stated that the proposed capital of the Com-
panywas 100,000/., to be raised by 20,000 shares of 51.
each, the deposit to be 11. per share, and three months to
elapse between each call ; that the lease of the ground upon
which the building was erecting had been completed ; and
a contract had also been signed for its completion.
Mr. Mortals said it was the wish of the Directors that
the fund should be raised amongst the gas consumers of the
district rather than the money speculators, who had already
offered to supply it. The bolder of two shares gave to him
the privilege of voting at all the general meetings.
The meeting was afterwards addressed by Messrs. Bing-
ley, Bulloeke, and Pilgrim, in support of the objects of
the Company.
The utmost enthusiasm appeared to prevail with regard
to the objects of the meeting ; and several gentlemen, at
the close of the proceedings, requested to be supplied with
shares.

A vote of confidence and thanks to the. Directors an
Committee, was then passed. After wh'_ch thanks wet a
voted to the Chairman, and the meeting separated.

Preparations have commenced at Marlborough -
house for the reception of the Queen Dowager, who is
expected to return to England early in the ensuing month.
_Morning Paper,
The Minister of Commerce in France has sent
circulars to all the Prefects of the Departments, direct-
ing them to make the most extensive inquiries into the
state of vaccination in France, as regards the
necessity of re-vaccinnation, and the quality of the
lymph, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the nutty-.
ber of cases of small-pox that have appeared lately
would lead to the inference that vaccination is beco min.-
every day less efficient, and may, in a certain number'
of years, be totally inoperative. Such an inquiry is.
considered requisite, to enable the Goverumen Ito take
the proper steps for making alterations which practice
and experience have shown to be necessary.
LEICESTER ELECTION.—At the nomination at
Leicester yesterday, Mr. Wynn Ellis was proposed by the
Liberals, and Mr. Frewin by the Tories ; and Colonel
Thompson was proposed by the Chartists. The show of
hands was greatly in favour of Mr. Ellis. A poll was
demanded on behalf of Mr. Frewin. It is believed that
Colonel Thompson's name will be withdrawn, and the
success of Mr. Ellis is considered certain.
FIRE IN A COTTON MlLL.—About one
friends, be
o'clock on Monday afternoon last, a fire was discovered in
the mill of Mr. Guest, cotton-spinner, Holt Town. The
fire was completely extinguished by about half-past four.
A large quantity of warps was destroyed ; but we have not
heard the particulars of the damage. We understand that
Mr. Guest was insured, as was also the owner of the
building.—Manchester Guardian.
POISONING BY GlN.—Last evening an inquest
was held at Charing-cross Hospital on the body of a little
boy named Solomon Phillips, aged seven years. The
father of deceased said that on Sunday morning he found
his child lying on the stones in the kitchen nearly sense- I
less, and that he afterwards discovered that the little fellow
had taken a stone bottle from the cupboard containing
gin, and drank about half a pint of it. Dr. Choe,
physician to the hospital, was of opinion that the child
died from having taken an over quantity of spirit. Verdict
—" Accidental death."
SUDDEN DISAPPEARANCE OF A COMMER-
CIAL TRAVELLER. On the 28th ult. Mr. T. F. Staple, a
commercial traveller, suddenly left the Clarence Hotel,
Brighton, and has not since been heard of. His sudden
departure has led to the conjecture that he was unsettled in
his mind, and he has left a wife and three young children
in the greatest anxiety and suspense. Information of the
circumstance was yesterday forwarded to the various metro- 1
lital police stations, together with a description of his
po ,
person. He is described as being about 38 years of age, i
five feet eight inches in height, of light complexion, stout
figure, smooth face, no whiskers, and usually wearing a
pair of blue-rimmed spectacles.
Poor Nourrit was only in his 36th year, and was
in a fortnight to return to France. The Opera-house was
closed last night—a voluntary mark of respect and mourn-
ing to the fate of one who had been for years its brightest
li'lisVvaterloo-briclge,
ornament. This was suggested, it is said, by Duprez. The
Debals says that when Nourrit was last in London, accord_
one
nighti ri g to
walkedhis confessionownforthree
ho u
rtso t
o asomend froot'o
with the intention of throwing himself into the Thames,
and that it was with the greatest difficulty lie refrained from
giving way to the dreadful idea.—Galignani's
PRINCE PIPPIN' !—There is at present on a
-young apple tree, in the garden of Mr. Jones, currier, Col-
lege, Brecon, a pippin apple which has stood all the rigour
of the winter without injury. What adds to the singularity
of the circumstance, is the fact, that this is the only apple
he tree ever bore.—Silurian.
