Or MINISTERS.

" CAME BEFORE ALGIERS, JULY 1.
►r Paistcr,—The plan of attacking the enemy before
Algiers, on the 29th, at day-break, was executed ; but the
measures which had at first been taken received some
modifications in the three divisions of the army. The ardour
and zeal are the same in all—l thought that the honour of
fighting should he equally divided. The attack of the right
was intrusted to the 2d anti 84 brigades of the division of
Berthezene ; that of the cerare to the let and 3d brigades
of the division of Loverdo. The Duke d'Escars received
orders to attack on the left with the first two brigades of
his division, and to follow nearly the line of separation be-
tween the two ravines which run to the east and west of
Algiers. It was on this side that the enemy had assembled
his greatest force. The brigades of Berthiur and Hurel
used in the attack as much vigour as they bad showed
constancy and coolness in the defensive position which they
had occupied on the preceding days. Being broken by
them, the enemy did not wait the shock on the other points,
and on all sides they took to flight.
" The division of Berthezene changed its direction anti
proceeded to occupy the crest of the beights which di,
between the sea and the point of attack of the division of
d'Esears ; these heights command all the neighbouring
country. General Loverdo marched towards the Empe-
ror's Fort, anti took advantage of th►e nature of the ground
to establish two battalions at lees than 400 metres (about
440 yards) from that fortress, and upon one of the decli-
vities of the plateau which commands it ; the Duke
d'Escars immediately approached the Emperor's Fein, in
order that the two brigades might be enabled to combine
the very next night in the opening trenches. Although
the height of the most elevated point of the hills which
surround Algiers is not above 200 metres„ the varieties in
the face of the country are strongly marked ; the depth of
the rations, the extreme steepness of their banks, the trees
and hedges with which the soil is entirely covered, ren-
dered the marches of the second and third divisions long
and fatiguing.
" In the action of the 20th we bad 40 or 60 men
killed or wounded. The enemy left many dead on the
field of battle. A flag and five pieces of cannon were taken.
" The greater part of the European Consuls were at a
abort distance from the field of battle, assembled with their
families in the house of the Consul of the United States.

I gave orders for ensuring their safety. All agree in
saying that since the action of the 14th, the militia has
sustained considerable losses, and that the army which
attacked us on the 19th contained at least 50,000 effective
men. Several hundred of Jeers, whom the Dey had driven
from Algiers, were found scattered about the gardens.
They were left at liberty.
" Even during the night which followed the action
General Velaze traced the first work, at about 250 metres
from the Emperor's Fort ; the soldiers, notwithstanding
the fatigues of the day, laboured at them with ardour.
Several batteries have already been begun ; it is probable
that they will be mounted with artillery in the night of the
21 and Sd of July, and that on the 3d, at day-breik, 26
heavy cannon will open at once. Three hours after the
fire of the fort will be silenced. The fall of Fort Ilaba-
soune will follow close upon that of the Emperor's Fort ;
upon which all the batteries raised on the country to the
east of the town must speedily fall into our hands. Every
thing gives reason to think that, after having made our-
selves masters of them, we shall be able to bring the point
of disembarkation nearer to our camp.
" This camp is established in the midst of gardens,
whose shade astonishes those who are accustomed to consi-
der Africa as a country almost entirely destitute of vege-
tation. Each garden has wells, whose cool and clear
water is sufficient for the wants of the army. Little rivu-
lets, enclosed in conduits, will serve also to supply water
for the men and horses. _

" The temperature is high for eight hours in the day.
In the evening the air i* cool, and even damp. Some
soldiers are at!acked with dysentery, but this disease does
not appear of a serious nature.
" I entreat your Excellency to request the favours of
the King for M. d'Albenas,. Lieutenant-Colonel of the
30th Regiment of Infantry of the Line ; and for M.
Chembaud, Chef de Batalion of Engineers. The first,
on the 27th, bad his left arm touch contused by a ball,
but he refused to leave his corps ; on the 29th he received
another wound. M. Chambaud was wounded from a bis-
cayan (long firelock) some hours after the opening of the
trenches; he is Cu officer of great distinction.
" I have the honour, &c.
" Count de BOURMONT,
" Lient.-General Peer of France, Commanding in
Chief the Army of the African Expedition."

TRADE WITII MEXICO.

The following correspondence has take place on this

subject

44 North and South American Coffee-house, July S.

" MY Loao,—The Comtnittee of the Sundt American
and Mexican Association find themselves under the neees-
city of respectfully representing to your Lordship the very
great uneasiness that prevails among the parties engaged
in trade with Mexico, in consequence of intelligence hav-
ing been received both of the landing of a body of troops
at liavannah, and of preparations being now in progress
at Cadiz for deepatching additional military reinforeemems
to that port, for the purpose of making a further attack
on Mexico. . . .

" With the recollection belbre aim of the entire de-
struction of the invading forcesentlast year against Mexico,
the Conanittee are not aware of any reason for expecting
a different 44,10 of any further attack which may be now
meditated by Spain, but, the injurious interruption which
will in the mean time be given to all mercantile pursuits
by the measures of defence which must necessarily ensue
in Mexico—the impeding of internal communications—
the raising, in some shape or other, contributions on com-
merce, and the general distrust and diminution of per-
sonal security which must ensue, will not be the less severe
or disastrous. -

•••
" The Committee, therefore, earnestly hope they may
he excueed to your Lordship fur inquiring if hie Majesty's
Government is in possession of any information of the
views of the Spanish Government, which may serve either
to relieve the apprehensions now entertained, or, in a
different case, to gat the parties interested as to the
course they should take for their own security.
" I have the honour to be, my Lord,
" Your faithful humble servant,
" WM. THOMPSON, Chairman of the South
American and Mexican Association.
" The Eifht Hon, Earl of Aberdeen, K.T., one of his
Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, &c.

"Foreign-office, July 14.
814.,—1 am directed by the Earl of Aberdeen to ac-
knowledge the receipt of your letter of the Bth instant,
wherein you represent, on behalf of the South American
and Mexican Association, the very great uneasiness that
prevails among the parties engaged in trade with Mexico,
in consetpience of the intelligence which has been received
of the military preparations of withal view to a fur-
ther attack upon Mexico, end request to be informed
whether his Majesty's Government is i►t possession of any
information on the views of the Spanish Government
which may serve either to relieve the- apprehensions now
entertained, or, in a different ease, to guide the patties
inkrested as to the atone they should take for their own

tecurity.
" Lord Aberdeen direct* me to state to you, that his
Majesty's Government are aware that detachments of
troops have recently been sent from the ports of Spain to
Cuba, which are alleged to be destined to reinforce the
garrison *f that island, but whatever sulpicion may he
entertained of the ultimate design of these armaments, his
Majesty's Government have not received any information
which would justify the belief that any immediate attar
Ilion Mexico wits in the contemplation of the Cabinet of
Madrid.
" With respect to the course which the parties inte-
rizfed„,:imuld take for their own security, in the event of
. h.. .(ll"ti',Uun Whig actually undertaken, lam directed
by the tArl ot Aberdeen to a. •
cituatut you, that when intel-

LONDON.
SATURDAY EVENING, JULY 17, 1930.

The KING and QUEEN arrived at St. James's
Palace yesterday evening, and they purpose re-
maining there during the whole of next week. On
Monday his MAJESTY will review the household
troops in St. James's Park, and her MAJESTY
will view the ceremony from Lord BATHURST'S
house, Downing-street.
The KING held a Court this morning, at
which he received the Address of the Corpo-
ration of London, to which he was pleased to
return a most gracious answer. The Court was
attended by all the Cabinet Ministers and Great
Officers of State.

ills MAJESTY walked in the Park this morn-
ing for a considerable time. At first he was
not recognized,;but when be was, he was greeted
with enthusiastic cheering.

The Lords amendments to the Beer Bill were
last night agreed to in the Commons, after which
the House adjourned over to Monday.

A brief but spirited discussion took place last
right in the House of Commons on the subject
of Wet Indian Slavery, in which Mr. ()TWAY
CAVE, much to his credit, particularly distill.
guished himself. The Honourable Gentleman
said that 64 he trusted the constituency of the
country would, at the ensuing Elections, call
upon every gentleman who offered himself to
their notice as a candidate, to pledge himself to
use his best endeavours to get rid of the system
of slavery." This is a good idea, and being put
forth at a seasonable juncture, will, we trust,
produce its effect. Sir G. Mußnmr, after
stating, in allusion to the pardonable warmth
of the Honourable Member for Leicester's re-
marks, that 41 it was difficult to speak of slavery
in an assembly of free men, without giving way
to that enthusiastic warmth of denunciation which
was naturally excited by a contemplation of its
horrors," went on to observe, that ig we ought
to Ameliorate the system, with a view of getting
rid of it altogether ; but the interests of hu-
inanity required that we should proceed to that
great object with caution, not only in the steps
which we took, but also in the language
which we used 1" This has been the uniform
language of Government for some time past ; all
parties seem equally to have made up their minds
that slavery is a system in opposition to the
laws both of Gap and man, but unfortunately
no decisive or satisfactory plan has yet been hit
on by any one. It is high time that sayings "
should give way to "doings."
,ek ,

We have received by the Jamaica packet, Papers
to the 15th June. His Majesty's packet Rein-
deer sailed from Carthagena on the 2tl. Bo-
LIVAIt was then staying at Turbaeo, a small •ii»

lage, about 10 miles from that city, and it was.]
reported, and generally expected, that he would
embark on board the Shannon frigate, Captain
CLEMENT, on the day of the Reindeer leaving,
His Majesty's ship Victor, Captain KEANE,
had received orders to proceed from Jamaica to
Carthagena with all possible despatch. It was
reported that the object of her visit was to con-
vey BOLL VAR to Jamaica, and that the Shannon
frigate would remain at Carthagena to protect the
rights of his Nlajesty's subjects, in the event of
any commotion taking place after the departure
of BOLIVAR. Every thing was tranquil when
the Reindeer sailed.

The Courant, of the 2d June, states that in-
formation had been received, upon authority of
implicit credit, that his Majesty's Government
had advised the KING to disallow the Act of
last Session for the government of the slaves, on
account of the spirit of the obnoxious clauses,
which occasioned the disallowance of the Act of
1826 being renewed in that of 1829.
The Lord Bishop of JAMA ICA had returned
to the island from his visit of several months to

the other parts of his diocese.
The Jamaica Courant, of the Bth June, con-
tains an account of an attempt to assassinate Mr.
SIIENLEY, our Consul-General of Haiti, on the
25th May. He was returning to his residence,
about two miles from the city, in company with
his brother, when, about 300 yards from it, he
was fired at, the ball piercing his coat, which was
unbuttoned, and also his shirt in front, and
grazing his skin. He was fired upon a second
time with slugs, which took effect on his horse's
head, who immediately fell with his rider. Mr.
SIIENLEY, assisted by his brother, rose and got
safe to his house, and on the following day he
communicated the matter to the authorities. The

night was very dark. Measures had been im-
mediately taken by the Haitian Government to
discover the authors of this infamous outrage,
but up to the 4th of June the party had not
been discovered. Mr. SHENLEY was suffering
under fever at the above date, but no serious
consequences were expected from the slight wound
ho had received.

We have received a file of the Antigua Re-
gister to the end of May. The weather in the
island had for some days past been exceedingly
pleasant, and it was hoped the rainy season
had been broken up. The damage done in
Trinidad had reduced the landed interest to an
unparalleled state of distress. At Grenada the
rain had swollen the rivers, and the most serious
apprehensions were entertained.

We have received by the Brazil mail this
morning Brazil and Buenos Ayres Papers to
the 29th May inclusive, which state that the
Chamber of Deputies at Rio do Janeiro had
congratulated his Imperial Majesty Don PEDRO
on his promise not to risk the tranquillity and
interest of Brazil by interfering in the affairs of
Portugal, an interference which would be in-
jurious to the prosperity of the Empire, what-

ever might be its result, and contrary to the rights
of nations

(From the Diario Fluntintnat.)
Rto JA ma°, MAY 21.—Yesterday morning at
eight o'clock his Majesty, the Emperor, experienced one of
those attacks to which he was formerly subject, but from
which be has been free for above six years. Though it
lasted but a few minutes, and was not so severe as on
former occasions, it however, visibly affected him, and
greatly alarmed those who know bow important his health
is to the safety and tranquillity of Brazil. His Majesty
slept a little after the attack, and is considered to be wholly
recovered.

MAY 22.—The Diario contains the answers of the
two Chambers to the Speech from the Throne, to all the
heads of which they refer. With respect to the affairs of
Portugal and the young Queen, the spokesman of the De-
putation of the Senate said,—your Imperial Majesty has
excited the most lively sensibility in the hearts of the Bra-
silians in mentioning the return of the eldest Princess of
Brazil, and the Senate acknowledges the wisdom and firm-
ness of character of your Majesty, as well in defend-
ing as father and guardian the rights of the young
Queen, as in maintaining faithfully your Royal word
by your resolution not to interfere in the character
of the Monarch of Brazil in the affairs of Portugal.
The address of the Chamber of Deputies, after congratulat-
ing his Majesty on his recent marriage says:—
" Lamenting on the one hand the continuance of the
disasters which afflict Portugal, and which caused the re-
turn of her Serene Ilighness Donna Maria da Gloria, its
young Queen, to her father's arms; they on the other
hand rejoice, at the certainty that the tenderness of a
father and guardian has given way to the promise, not to
tisk the tranquillity and interest of Brazil by interfering
in the affairs of Portugal, an interference which would be
injurious to the prosperity of the Empire, whatever might
be its result, and contrary to the rights of nations."
MAY 26,—0n the 15th the Minister of Finance pro-
duced his report to the Chamber of Deputies. The fol-
lowing is the preamble of this report :
" In constitutional Governments, no Minister can
fill his post with advantage to the nation, unless
he enjoys the confidence of its representatives, and
if this be true, in the moat prosperous state of
finances, what must be the situation of a Mini-
titer who, like myself, has to contend with a great
deficit, and with the ruinous circulation of a paper-cur-
rency and copper-coinage? No treasury, no nation, can
long bear up against the horrid state of the exchange
which bears upon Brazil, against the excessive and increas-
ing price of all objects of consumption, against the hardships
anti sufferings to which the persons in public offices arc
condemned, by the paltriness of their salaries, which were
originally small, and are now almost reduced to nothing
by the depreciation of the paper-currency, in which the)
are paid. Nor do I think we can bold out long, if the
fatal elements of disorder sad discredit do not disappear,
or, at least, if they are not much diminished in this Ses-
sion by the wisdom of the Chambers, and, above all, by
perfect union between the Chambers and the Government.
With confidence every thing is possible, and all difficulti,a
may he surmounted ; without confidence credit cannot be
established, nor the constitutional system consolidated."
The Minister then expressed his hopes that their labours
might lead to a satisfactory result, towards which he
would co-operate to the utmost of his ability, anti entered
on a detailed review of the state of the revenue, the public
debt, &c.
Birettas Aturs, Manor 20.—A correspondence be-
tween the Government of Cordova and the Government
of Buenos Ayres seems to indicate that affairs wear
more peaceable aspect than was anticipated, and that in all
probability peace between the two provinces will be pre-
served.

M. de Mandeville, the French Consul. General, had ad.

dressed a letter to the Minister for Foreign Affairs, com-
plaining of the threats and acts of violence of the popu-
lace towards the French, which were so serious as to
be apprehensive of fatal consequences. The Govern-
ment has ordered the chief of the police to endeavour to
discover the authors of these excesses, and the Govern-
ment promises to spare no pains to find out and punish
the guilty.
MAnct► 27.—The Governor, Don Bolas, has left this
city to have an interview with the Governors of Santa 14,
Corriente, and Entrerios. There is no outward indica-
tion of a probability of war b:tween Buenos Ayres and the
other provinces.
APRIL 10.—On the sth of this month his Britannic
Majesty's Charge d'Affsires laid the first stone of the Bri-
tish Protestant chapel in this city.
There is no news whatever from the interior.
Arm 17.—A body of Mien Indians having invaded
the provinces, were entirely defeated on the Ilth, near

p♦ -r.,

San Nicolan-Ahey were pursed ten leagues, and in their
flight left beliind 20,000 heatrof cattle, besides sheep, &c.,
and nearly all their horses.
The Government, taking into consideration the extra-
ordinary circumstances in which the province is placed,
has decreed that for the present, and till further measures
may be adopted by the Legislature, the exportation of
gold and silver, coined or unwrought, to foreign parts, is
prohibited.

The following is a .opy of a letter received
from the Agent to the North and South
American Coffee-house, dated Buenos Ayres,
April 19:—

" At this moment Civil War is suspended (would I
might add concluded) in all the Provinces which compose
the Argentine Republic since the defeat of General Qai-
roga's army. That part of it which remained entire un-
der Colonel Villafane has entered into a sort of composi-
tion or capitulation with the victor, obliging themselves to
retire to their different provinces and lay down their arms;
and the Governments of those provinces who were in arms
against Cordova and her Allies s—vis. Mendoza, Rings,
&c. have sent deputies to meet thine of Cordova in order
to regulate the peace of the interior. Thus far all looks
well, but no one cares to hazard an opinion as to its dura-
tion at least at the present, nor until time has moderated
the passions of the late belligerents. General Quirega
remains in Buenos Ayres ; he appears to be overwhelmed
with grief at his late disaster, and lives in great privacy.
" The Governor of Cordova (General Paz) expresses
his great anxiety to remain in peace with the sister pro-
vinces of the Republic, and he is probably sincere ; but
he will have difficulty to restrain his numerous military.
Cordova cannot long support them, unless by heavy con-
tributions, and that will drive the inhabitants to some re•
action, and he cannot disband them just now. Many per-
sons fear that General Paz will, a few months hence, be
propelled into war, particularly against Buenos Ayres and
its federal system of government. This is, however, a
matter of speculation, which, it is to be hoped, will not
be realised, and that time may be gained to heal the
wounds of the late contending parties, giving the opportu-
nity both to the Unitarians and Federals to unite, and save
what remains of the wealth of their really fine country.
Buenos Ayres itself, and all the province, is tranquil, ex-
cept, indeed, the wordy warfare, chiefly in this capital,
between the Unitarians and Federals, which continues as
violent as ever, and in which the former are said to have
decidedly the advantage.
" The Governor, Rosas, is making a tour of the coun-
try districts, and has had an interview on the frontiers
with the Governors of Santa Fe, Corientes, and Entre
Rio. During his absence the Government is confided to
the Ministers Garcia, Ancharena, and Balcarce. The late
Minister of Foreign ♦ffairs (Guido) embarks this day, on
board the British packet Skylark, for Rio Janeiro, upon
business connected with the Treaty between this country
and Brazil. The Unitarians say it is a wish for retire-
ment on the part of Guido, that his place might be occu-
pied by Ancharena, who is a snore determined Federal,
and would not stick at trifles.

" Our financial affairs a few days since seemed to have
approached a crisis; doubloons were at 165; exchange
upon England sd. per dollar, and ten paper doll ire given
for one Spanish dollar : much consternation prevaile.l.
The Government issued a decree prohibiting ti►e exporta-
tion of specie, and in virtue of the extraordinary powers
granted to it by the Legislature arrested several indivi-
duals, amongst them two or three money brokers, and
sent them on board the brig Republic (late Caeique)
guard-ship, in the outer roads. This measure, as a thing
of course, met with the high reprobation of the opponents
of Government, and the applause of its friends. The
Bears on the London Stock Exchange may thank their
stars that they do not live under the Government of
Buenos Ayres, with the Habeas Corpus Act suspended,
or they might be conducted on board the tender. The
arrested brokers are charged with vilifying the Govern-
ment, in order to facilitate their money operations. In
a confined place like Buenos Ayres, where there are only
four or five individuals acting in the money market, their
occepatien may be prejudicial. Opinions are divided in
this respect.
" The sensation caused at first by the arrest of the
above persons has subsided. The newspaper., which from
the circumstances of the times are completely under the
controul of Government, do not mention the affair. Dou-
bloons are now at 125 to 180, and exchange upon England
6d. The Government party attributed this improvement
to the strong measures pursued, and the other party shrug
their shoulders and smile. In conclusion, I have only
space to state the likelihood that Buenos Ayres will for
some months at may
.rate continue in peace : further I will
not just now pretend to hazard en opinion."

Letters from Civita Vecchia, of the 30th ult.,
state that the news of the capture of Algiers had
been received with the greatest joy there. It was
calculated there still remained in the prisons of
Algiers as slaves, taken under the Pope's flag,
seveoteen sailors of Civita Vecchia, some of
whom hail been at the galleys these twenty years.

By our letters from St. Petersburg!' we learn,
that on the 25th ult. a new 41-gun frigate, called
the Juno, was launched from the dock-yard of
the Grand Admiralty there ; and a short time
before another frigate, of the same number of
guns, called the Bellona, was launched at Oelita.

The Bengal Papers to the 28th February,
say, it is understood that the six Provincial
Courts of Appeal were about to be abolished.
This was said to be preliminary to a more ex-
tended employment of native agency in the ad-
ministration of justice. The letters from the
Dukhin state that the cholera had again made
its appearance at an unusual time of the year,
and some few lives had been lost at Poona and
at Jalna, among the military. Captain W.
BALL, a distinguished officer of the Madra4
army, died at ltanganguon, near Leeroor, on his
return from Bombay to Jalna, from a severe at-
tack of spasmodic cholera. He had formerly
filled the office of Persian interpreter to the Com-
mandant of the subsidiary force at Hyderabad,
and was a gentleman of very considerable talent.
The ravages of the small-pox in many of the
towns of the Dukhin hail been more fatal than
heretofore. Many children bad fallen victims,
and adult persons bad suffered at Poona, and in
its vicinity, who had formerly been vaccinated,
and were considered safe.

The commercial •accounts state the quantity
of indigo imported to the 9th" February at
135,979 factory maunds, and tht; demand had
been considerable. Saltpetre was dull, and
prices falling; and sugar without inquiry, and
with a large stock on haikl. The transactions
in cotton were entirely confined to country con-
sumption. Grain and rice were in very limited
demand. In European goods, cotton piece
goods were very dull. The market was ova.
stocked with English iron, and prices were in
consequence very low. The demand for copper
was improving.

The LORD MAYOR, Aldermen, and Sheriff's of the City of London, went up at two o'clock this day
in State to St. James's, in order to present their condo.
lences to his MAJISTY on the less of his Royal brother,
and their congratulations on his MAJESTY'S accession to tl e
throne.
Letters patent yesterday passed the Great
Seal of Ireland, constituting and appointing JOHN Leuze
FOSTER, Esq. LLD., to be one of the Barons of his
MAJZSTVII Court of Exchequer, in the room of JAMESAPCurt.Lawn, Esq. resigned.-2 Dublin Evening Mail.
Orders are said to have been received at So-
merset-home to prepare the Exhibition.room for a visit
by the Klxo and Quern early in the ensuing week. We
hear that their Maumee will go in State.
The Observer of to-morrow will contain a
copious account of the Funeral at Windsor, illustrated
with Engravings of the Lying in State, the Interior (1
St. George's Chapel, and the Royal Mausoleum. The
price of the Observer is Sevenpence. An Edition of the
Oluierver, well adapted fur country subscribers, is regu.
larly published every Mbrulay Afternoon, at Four o'clock,
at No. 169, Strand.
