Lord G. SOMERSET wished to know when the
evidence taken before the Hertford Election Cornini,t,e
would be printed.

Mr. BERNAL sai I l:e had no control ov.r the print
in!l, hot a• the evidence wai not yet in the h Inds of
Alemb,-ra, he propos,' to no %' the suvension of :he isti
iog of the writ fnr eight or ten f hys longer.

Oa the mnti,n of Mr. G. LAMB, a meeet
wa. appointed to inquire into the state & the pollee in the
metropolis.

o'er orders of the d.ty were then disposed of, 'Lod
the House adjourned at halt-oast I o'clock.

HOUSE OP LORDS. APRIL 22.

On the E of SHAFTESBURY Viking hiS St-at on the
wo-leack 4 few minute. before fives o'chtek,

Mr. KENNEDY and odiers brought up the Se otch Ex-
chequer Bill, a Bill for making a railway from Warrinv,ton
and Birmingham, and the Pilora in Ireland Bid.

Toe Earl of RADNOR presented a petition from Rom-
ney,in Kent, for the ab dition of slavery.

The Bishop of GLOUCES rEn presented several peti•
!ions from Gloite,stershire, praying for the Ip.tter Misery.
ante of the S obath.

The Duke of GORDON presented petitions against
slavery, and for the better observance of the Sibbath, from
several places. Also a petition from the University of
A ierdeen against the Apothecaries' Act.

A NOBLE Limn presented a petition from St. James's,
Westminster, for the repeal of the house and window tax.
Tire Earl of RODEN presented petitions from nume-
rous places, for the Aolition of slavery, and for the better
observance of the Sabbath.

Lord POLTIMORE presented petitions from Oak-
liampton for the abolition of slavery and the better obser-
vance of the Sibb ith.

The Etri of ROSEBERRY preunted petitions from
Haddington against church pitronage.
The Marquis of SLIGO presented a ptition from Ash-
ford, in Hertfordshire, for the abolition of slavery.
Toe Doke of RICHMOND presented petitions to the
s,:me eff,ct tram Sh,,rborne and Bognor.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH presented a petition from
E. Fowler, an individual who bad brought actions
against one of the present Members for Stafford, against
the Stafford Bribery Bill.

Ell t GREY presented petitions praying for the aboli-
tion of negro s!avery.

NEGRO SLAVERY.

Lord SUFFIELD stated teat he had about 50 petitions
to present for the abolition of colonial slavery, but before
he did so he wished to make a few observations. The
House would re collect that shortly before the recess he
alluded to certain rumours that were spread abroad of its
being the intention of his Maj-sty's Government to &lay
bringing forwent some measure for the entire and total eman-
cipation of the slaves. He represented to the House at
the time the consternation he felt at such
rumours, and he predicted that the consternation which
influenced his mind, would be felt throughout the coun-
try. He had been a true prophet. Meetings were
held in every part of Great Britain and Ireland, attended
by hundreds anti thousands of persons, who appointed
Deputies to come to London, and to represent to his Ma-
jesty's Government personally the feelings that influenced
their constituency. Toose meetings were held in the most
remote parts of the country, as well as in the great cities
and Lawns. They were held in Dublin, Cork, Belfast,
and many other places in Ireland. They were held at
Glasgow, Paisley, and Edinburgh, at Gloucester, Manches-
ter, Leeds, and Sheffield, and, in short. lie beli-ved, in
every large town in the United Kingdom. The Deputies ar-
rived in town, and on Friday last, the 19th of the present
month, they presented to his Majesty's Government
string of eesolu ions, accompanied with a memorial, and
it was, as he conceived, so int, resting and so instructive a
document, explaining, as it did, the feelings of the vast
populous districts on this subject, that he thought
it very desirable that a correct copy of it should
be placed in their Lordships' hands. He therefore pro-
posed, if his Majesty's Government had no objection,
That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, to
direct that there be laid before this House a copy of the
resolutions, and the memorial addressed to Earl Grey and
his Majesty's Government, anti to the Secretary for the
Colonial Department, on Friday, the 19th instant, bycer-
tain deputies from various parts of the United Kinetioni,
relative to the ebolition of slavery." The Nobie Lord be
lieved it to be, a most unprecedented occurrence, the send-
ing of deputies from various parts of the kingdom on such a
subject. Now, in what way would the force of this oc-
currence be diminished ? Why, by a representation io the
newspapers, that this deputation was—instead of being a
deputation of 339 persons from different parts of Eng! and,
Ireland, and Sco land—a deputation from the Anti-Slivery
Society. He had no doubt that some newlavers mode
that representation from inadvertence, hut that others did
it to depress the value of sucti an occurrence he had as
little doubt. He (the Noble Lord) could only -ay that of
the individuals who waited on his Majesty's Government
on Friday last there were no meinners of the Anti-
Slavery Society with one single exception—he meant a
Member of the House of Commons, who was solicited to
introduce these persons to Mr. Stanley, the Colonial
Secretary.
Earl GREY said that as far as be was concerned indi-
vidually, he bad not the slightest objection, provided there
was mare In point of form, to cilia being done. The do-
cument purported to be a memorial addressed to himself
and the rest to tars Majesty'. Gov, rnarenr, and hr (11,1 not
remetnner that anything that was not in the nature of a
public paper could be called lor to he laid upon the table
of that House--( Hear).—and still less did he remember
that it a null be done in the way of an Address to his
Majesty; that was the only difficulty he felt about rt.--
He would state, however, that the memorial was very ably
drawn up, and very well deserving of attention. The per-
sons who brought it up were of a very respectable descrip-
tion, as had been stated by the Noble Earl ; and he be-
lieved it was signed by a great portion of his Majesty's
subjects. He would leave it to the House to decide upon
it, as he had personally no objection whatever to the copies
of it being made.
Lord ROLLE said he wished the slave every comfort,
and w.s anxious to see something done by his Majesty's
Government to settle the question.
Lord ROSSLYN thought that the memorial ought to
be considered as a private letter, and conceived that the
production of the document would be inconvenient.

The Marquis of LANSDO\VNE thought it might be
produced as d privat, letter.

Lurd ELLENBOROUGH said it was the ex-parte
statement u. the Auti slavery Socie,y, awl the object was
only to save that Society the expense of printing.

Lord SUFFIELD denied it.
L ,ref ELLENBOROUGH said if this memorial were
printed by the public, a counter-memoriil must also be
printed.

&ill GREY had no objection to the production of the
memorial, provided it could he done consistently with the
forms of the House.

The motion was then put and negatived.
HIS Lordship had to present petirions for the total and
immediate extinction of slavery from B idmin, W.ltham
Abbey, Langley, in Sussex, Oxford, Aldborough, and from
50 other places.

The Marquis of SALISBURY presented a petition
from Spalding, in Yorkshire, in favour of the Factory Bill.
Lord MELBOURNE discharged the order of the day for
the second reading of the Irish Jury Bill, and fixed it for
To ursday next.

The DuKe of RICIINIOND moved for a return of all
ecelesiawical property in Ireland —Granted.
The Archbishop of DUBLIN presented petitions against
the Irish Church Reform Bill, from the Clergy of Cork,
Waterford, and other places. On the motion of the Most
Rev. Prelate, the petition from Niter ford was read.
The Marquis of CLANRICARDE said, that although
the petition came from the Church, it did not appear to
hint to have any prayer.
