• 434 4.0

opti-
:able.

e in'

A for
night
ttinel

ii 10
and
7th,

ez,lo

ler of
roject
itione

Tracy
es tbo
iyette
after

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, JANUARY 13, 1831.

he three prisoners at Winchester, ELDRIDGE,
ILLI‘IORE, and ANNALLS, have been respited
31 a warrant from the SECRETARY of STATE.
,resPite had been previously granted by the
~uuges in the case of HOLDAWAY, to allow
4e for inquiring into the truth of some affida-
-Bich had been made in his favour.
,r
n „he two prisoners, OAKLEY and DARLING,
3e Iteading gaol, who have been respited, are to
tra
nsported for life.
Th

'e Russian Manifesto against Poland, which
e a shave
i g eextracted from a Brussels Paper,
compound of caution and determi-
npati") apprehension and insolent bravado. The
~...zA„
: 4,, after vaunting "the peace and prospe-
r. -y which
rit ~
,f the iiii Poland enjoyed under his Go. vern-
; fileaj on nt' Proceeds to observe, after the fashion of
, c, gent
Pistol, or captain Bobadil, that
lush' l'er rebellious inhabitants " dare to think of
"e ''ivt
er"i° urY for some moments, and to propos?,
eer' °yr ice"itiona to us, their legitimate master.'
d -legitiruate master indeed, if blood—fraud—
°lit:, :lelesale massacre, and unprincipled treachery
17 oil
In"ti constitute legitimacy ; but wholly illegiti-
ipeor mat constitute
if honesty, justice, plain-dealing, and the
oiand: first • 1
rig,its
of nature and of nations, are to be
[s rici. tak .
it th'' ell into the account ! The EMPEROR goes
,ur re' (24 to say, that " powerful Russia is able
tero" In a
Iglol oh A, single decisive battle, to reduce to
ate
o euience those who dared (dare again !) to dis-
at the 411% th
pole' atpre C peace." This yet remains to be proved ;
hos g t sent it is impossible to regard the vaunt in any
Bur otue„ light
ut the ,o,i
.i than as an imperial sample of bombast.
ittior ah artts the close of his manifesto the Czar
Lobe
alue_anrysinviciililligng to open the door of mediation—
;.el,
got
of re,,,,,,,,. proof that he is far from confident
eror
to
t„....r•-t-,tlng the issue of the approaching struggle
rcs, 1 and hints that by timely submission the Poles
.00 0 rna,, ,
inter.; se •)r yet sate themselves from the disastrous con-
'er'' Id
ILlences of a criminal ivratuation (infatuation
ose is a gentl
t2r e word to drop down to, after the
lot t° , 413 t` rebels"-4, rebellion"---,, traitors," and
inle,t't,,i (), fortli 1• ,
oeos, - vises i which his Imperial MAJESTY a
It es t
,r• , is • he'll by all means to lay aside. It
oo linnos,.,
I oat withj '"ule to read this jesuitical manifesto.
'll°4 cleat disgust. disgust. Its hypocrisy is so evi-
-3.) id cot •
lot' , 1 ' Its professions of clemency so vague and
od ,io C
urris,,
inter'
dece. I)
that
none but the merest dullard can be
ea de as a sir hY it. To the Poles it will only act
Lobo(' invite r"g stimulus to future exertion. It will
mi,,ica: have unanimity, by teaching them what they
„wove to
we who
d° expect from the mercy of a despot,
r to
if fine es not even know how to de-
,,7l;iiiipe the , ~.
te,o, bounke attribute. Above all, it will
''''''''' " them that their only hope lies in a vi-
gorous ,
r.) he eoruncompromising resistance, for that to
,1, , , luered is not to be enslaved, but to be
the° ausulutel
Y exterminated, and blotted out for
d eve, fr
V'defterj will Iran the map of Europe as a nation.
t 1 era , .
Ind.ff, ce--will England—look on with
tie'l ' eren
0f 4..0 for
"yard pce, while this great struggle is going
o
di' tanoe Is peace of such paramount impor-
he e that kingdom after kingdom is to be sa-
-11 g poi orifice
o'''o, ton d. to the ambition of a Power already
or. o - giganti 3090er they c) and daily intriguing for fur-
, eitl), th,
~,Supremacy, until at last England
,ort- , "u. rra
„icioe forth nce are compelled to rise in self-defEnce
1r
~, show e maintenance of that liberty, which an earlier
ioe'°'o th °f spirit might hare preserved, not only to
di'es elNelr
Ptalle es, but to
_Europe ? We hope not.
am; has already despatched a remonstrance,
foilor,at of England, we doubt not, will speedily
' Poland must not be sacrificed.

:e5 iro Pru • -- -- --
f)ce B'l4ll, German, and Brussels Papers have
11 received. The Prussian contain the Au-
WI tec, ~...
rPgriregtv Thy h -manifesto, but no news from Poland.
0 t National ConoTess at Brussels have adopted
bi, lir, that
.11't °-1
ertaill
important articles of the Constitution—
,opPor 'l4 th
c, r, ill,. e person of the Head of the State is
de ,10 .a.,
,v
—od ti, lgule---his Ministers responsible—and that
Co- 0 " act of
Pc, IN the Chief Magistrate can be voted uu-
;. 0 i
Self countersigned by a
.o.oc. ther Minister who makes him-
,. min .„
An 0.,10 The el/ responsible. This is as it should be.
ites ; thPresident, on his re-election, hoped that
65C'e, at would b
pll e the last time—and that by the
lob .411 of ,
totion: Fe be
Belgium would have a Consti-
h_lltkii, r
4,--Tc. 29 -' "AN. 4.--The Messager des Chambres of
'toto 4,, :aYP, that a house at Lyons had received a letter
tr,t.s. e I russian frantiers announcing that just as the
tit
ir 3rnhled at Berlin 'were to act out on their march
th, Lana),
the Grand Duchy of Posen, an insurrection 0
htti t,',ldrehr had led to a combat, in which the people
ge victory. The insurrection 'soon became general

VS'
Y tor
41,-0
Soci ft
10 k
!, fr,
lee
I fj',"
run'

and the military, who were every where repulsed, joined
the Provisional Government appointed by the citizens."
The journal in question appears resolved to surpass in its
news concerning Prussia all the absurdities that it has
hitherto published.
Fusns.—JAN. 4.

St. Schuld Sch. 4 per cent B5
ProFsian Engligh Loan, 1818, 5 per cent. . ......... 9t
Ditto Ditto 1822, spercent. 93
Ditto Bonds NW, 4 per cent.

(The Prussian State Gazette of the 4th January gives
the proclamation of the Emperor of Russia, dated 24th
December, but neither that number, nor those of the sth
and 6th, conta'n a word of intelligence from Poland.)
WARSAW, DEc. 30.—The manifesto mentioned in the
Diet, to be addressed to the European States on occasion
of the late event, will not be published, as we understand,
❑nless it should be decided that war is to take place.
The Polish troops have now ammunition enough, be-
cause, on the evacuation of the fortress of Modlin, the
magazines of the Lithuanian corps fell into the hands of
the Poles. Modlin, the works of which required great
repairs, is hardly to be recognised. Peasants, living
twenty or twenty-five miles from the town, hasten to
work with the greatest zeal, though their wages are ex-
tremely low. The people have hardly a drop of brandy
to refresh them at this season.

Sr. PETERSBURGH, DEC. 25.—The Adjutant-General
Orlow is gone to Brzic Litewski.
Vice-Admiral Count Hayden, Commander of the second
division of the Baltic fleet, is now appointed Commander
of the first division of the same fleet.

His Majesty the Emperor, learning by the latest reports
that the cholera has greatly abated at Moscow, has,
in order to restore the communications between that city
and the Governments of the interior, ordered the outer
cordon to be removed, but with the observance of all due
precautions. This measure was carried into effect in the
night of the 17th December, to the great joy of the in-
habitants, who learning it on the Emperor's name day, has-
tened to the churches to implore the blessings of Heaven
on their Soverei_ n, who watches with paternal care over
the welfare of his faithful subjects. The Magistrates have
taken measures to prevent all communication with the
houses in which there are persons ill of the cholera.
BONA, JAN. 2.—We have to lament a great loss. The
Privy Counsellor of State B. G. Niebuhr, died at two
o'clock this morning, after a few days' illness.
WARSAW, DEC. 31.—The citizens of Mariapol have
formed a regiment of cavalry and a battalion of infantry
at their own expence, and sent a donation of half a mil-
lion of Polish florins to the Provisional Government.

BRUSSELS, JAN. Grndebien, Member of the
Provisional Government, has returned from his mission to
Paris.

During the sitting of yesterday, a portrait of the Duke
of Leuchtenburg was presented to the Congress. The
Members handed it to each other.
A battalion of troops of the line arrived yesterday from
Ath, and set out this morning for Antwerp.
It is said that measures have been taken to4urnish the
Chartreuse at Liege, and the citadels of Namur, Puy, and
Venloo, with provi,ions for a month.

NATIONAL CONGRESS.
SITTING or SUNDAY, JAN. 9.

The debate was continued on the section of the Consti-
tution relative to the head of the State. Art. 38 was
adopted. Art. 39. " The head of the State is inviolable,
his Ministers are responsible," was adopted, after a stormy
liscue.ion, with an amendment of M. Marbourg, so that
it now runs:—" The person of the head of the State is

Art. 40. " No Act of the head of the State is voted,
unless countersigned by a Minister, who thereby makes
himself responsible."

41. " The bead of the State names and dismisses his
Ministers."

42. " He fills up the offices in the General Administra-
tion and foreign relations, with the exceptions I sid down
by the law. He does not appoint to other offices, except
by the express enactment of a law."
These three articles are adopted without discussion.
Art 43. " He snakes the necessary regulations and de-
crees for the execution of the laws, without being able to
suspend the laws themselves, and to dispense with the
execution of them."

These regulations and decrees shall be carried into
effect by the Courts and Tribunals only so far as they are
conformalde to the laws.

After a long debate, the first paragraph was adopted,
and the consideration of the second adjourned.
SITTING, JAN. 10.

The sections for January were balloted for. M. Sarlet
de Chukier was again chesen President, and M. Gerlache
Vice President.

The President, standing, said :—" Permit me to ex.
press my gratitude for the honour you have done me in
giving me your votes for the third time. Heaven grant
that this may be the last time that the Congress will have
to choose a President, and that between this and the 11th
of February, we may have given to the Belgic nation the
constitution, the laws, and the chief, that it impatiently
expects from us, and that we shall thus have consolidated
the happiness of the country.—(Bravo, from all sides.)
The President proposed that M. Gerlache, reporter of
the Committee, should be heard relative to the request of
the Dutch officers confined in prison at Tournay.

This being acceded to, M. Gerlache brought up the
petition of the Dutch officers of the garrison of Ghent,
who affirm that they cannot be considered as prisoners of
war or as hostages.
The Magistracy of Mons made a declaration in their
favour, but the officer who commanded at'Mons, where
they were taken, says that it was in the midst of hostili-
ties, and consequently they were justly kept as prisoners
of war.

M. Duval de Beaulieu read a proclamation of the Belgic
Go'rernment, invititig the Dutch officers to leave the
fortress and return home ; they did so ; but were kept as
hostages, when! Messrs. Ducpetiaux and Vletnincx were
arrested by the Dutch. But they haring been released,
we ought to set these officers at liberty. The Dutch, it
is true, respect neither treaties nor the laws of war, but
the Belgians might oppose probity to bad faith.
M. Claus, Member of the regency of Mons, declared
that the Dutch had not fired on the inhabitants, but that
the latter fired first, and when the combat began there was
at most one Dutch officer, all the rest were Belgians.
M. de Rodenbach—lt is no matter who was the ag-
gressor they were taken after hostilities commenced.
M. Cl Ins said not a single Dutchman had fired.
M. Gendebein said they were justly made prisoners—
they were ready to lay waste Mons with fire and sword,
had not the Belgians deserted them. The Dutch, he said,
are unjust and cruel, and always massacred their prisoners,
—they had burnt one alive at Brussels, and another near
Maestricht. The Dutch prisoners have no reason to com-
plain ; they are well treated ; the officers have their pay,
and can walk about Brussels all day on their parole.
It was proposed by M. Gerlache, and agreed to, to re-
fer these extraordinary statements to the Military Com-
mittee.

Art. 44, relative to the Head of the State, giving him
power to command the army and navy and declare war,
and to conclude treaties ; and Article 45, declaring that
he sanctions and promulgates the laws, were adopted.
The Assembly adjourned.

The following are extracts from the Hamburg
Reporter of the 7th inst. received this morn-
ing :
BOItSEN HALLE, JAW. 7.—The mild weather which
we had a few days ago led to a general belief that the na-
viretion of the Elbe would have been open before the
end of the week ; the two last nights, however, have been
severe, so that this morning the navigation is completely
closed, even for boats.

Very little business is doing. The rise which followed
the improvement in the French funds has not maintained
itself, but has been succeeded by a reaction. Discount
3 and 21 per cent.
End of January.
Anglo-Danish Loan 3 per Cent 56%
Anglo-Russian Loan B5
Hamburg_ Russian Loan 851,4
Polish Bonds. l•31
New Prussian Four per Cents. (1130) 76
Austrian Bank Shares 1030
Austrian Metalliques B7l/2
New Austrian 4 per Cents 77
New Hanoverian Loan

We this day present our readers with some
singular proceedings touching the slave-trade,
which we find in a spirited publication, entitled
the East India Magazine, and which, but for
time and space, we should have presented earlier
to the public. It is no less than a substantive
charge against the East India Company for
carrying on a traffic in slaves ! That Hon.
body are not content with a monopoly in Asiatic
produce, but they must to their other sources of
wealth add the guilt of trepanning poor African
children, in order to navigate their vessels at a
chraper rate than could be
in done with Euro-
peans ! This is the mannerwhich unbridled
cupidity brutalizes the human mind. The Com-

pany are Christians, or profess to be such, and
yet enjoying their monopoly at the expence, and
to the manifest prejudice of a Christian people,
they are not content with gold, but must have
human life sacrificed to their accursed avarice !
Is it not enoutjh for the Company to
push their commercial advantages, but they must
add to their sources of profit the advantages to
be derived from a traffic i❑ slaves,—and
that too in the face of those very laws
passed for the suppression of the trade in
slaves ? Really this is too bad. What boots
it that England has expended large sums
of money to bribe other nations to give up the
slave trade, when a privileged body in the
capital of the kingdom sets so bad an example
to the cupidity of strangers ? We trust that
the matter will be taken up in Parliament
with a becoming spirit of indignation—and that
justice will be (lone with a rigid hand. To-mor-
row we may perhaps recur to the subject, and
point out some more enormities on the part of
the Executive. At present we publish the
following, which took place in the Supreme
Court at Bombay, before the Honourable Sir
JOHN PETER GRANT—and the rest of the
Court, and Grand Jury:—

" Tle Learned Judge, after adverting to the nature of
the cases likely to come before the Grand Jury, and briefly
explaining the law relating to them, concluded his address
nearly as follows:
" Gentlemen,—ln consequence of rumours which have
reached me, and which you likewise must have heard, I
have thought it my duty, not seeing any notice of such a
case in the report made me, to inquire of the senior magis-
trate whether he was acquainted with the subject of this
general rumour. I mean, that it is currently reported that
a ship has arrived in this harbour bringing a considerable
number of Africans, mostly boys and very young persons,
taken on board on the coast of Africa, and remaining here
in Bombay on board of ship. The magistrate, who is
now in my eye (Mr. De Vitre), informed me that no in-
formation has been laid before him on which he can act as
a magistrate, though he likewise has heard the rumour.
I have thought it my duty to notice the matter to you,
that you may, as the great inquest, inquire into it as a
matter especially belonging to your important office. I
trust and confidently expect that every thing will
turn out most honourably for all the parties concerned.
But it is only justice to them that the public mind
should be satisfied, which your inquiry will do. But
considering what we all know of the habits of the
people inhabiting the coast of Africa—of the laudable jea-
lousy of the legislature of all intercourse with Africa for
the purpose of bringing natives of Africa to any of the
foreign possessions of his Majesty, it appears to me that
it would be inconsistent with our duty, if hearing of these
occurrences as matters generally known, I were to pass
them over without calling your attention to them, or you
even to pass them over without inquiry. It is due to the
Public that the public mind should be set at rest. It is,
if possible, still more due to the persons concerned, that
such rumours, if unfounded, should he put down, which
can in no way so effectually be done as by your inquiry in
performance of your constitutional and important duty.
The officers of the ship I understand are in Bombay, who
can give you every information.

AUGUST 2, 1830.

" The Court this morning presented a very animated
appearance, and but one feeling seemed to prevail, viz. an
intense anxiety to hear the opinion of the learned Judges
on the Grand Jury's presentment. The business of the
day commenced at the usual hour, Sir James Dewar on
the bench.

" The Court-house continued to fill as it approached the
appointed time for the Grand Jury to come into Court,
and shortly after twelve o'clock Sir James Grant took his
seat on the bench, upon which every eye was turned to
the Grand Jury-room, and at last the welcome sounds of
Clear the Court for the Grand Jury' were heard, when
a general move was made, to approach as near as possible
to where their Lordships sit. At last the Grand Jury en-
tered the box, and one of the members addressed the
bench, and stated that their foreman was too ill to attend
to deliver the presentment which was ready, upon which
the Chief Justice suggested that they should select an-
other, unless they preferred adjourning. Sir John Grant
also said, that as the sessions were not nearly over, there
was time for them to await the recovery of their foreman,
if they wished to adopt that course, the presentment was
then re-delivered to them by the Clerk of the Crown,
and they retired, leaving the spectators uncertain as to the
course they were going to adopt.
However, in a few minutes they re-entered the box,
and delivered the following presentment, which was read
to the Court by the Clerk of the Crown :
" To the Honourable Sir James Dewar, Knt., Chief
Justice, and the Hon. Sir John Peter Grant, Knt.,
Puisne Judge of his Majesty's Supreme Court of Ju-
dicature, Bombay,
" My Lords,—The Grand Jury have given their most
attentive consideration to the recommendation of the
Learned Judge, Sir John I'eter Grant, at the opening of
the present sessions, that they should inquire into the
truth or otherwise of the rumours then in circulation, re-
specting certain native Africans, mostly boys, and v ry
young persons, alleged to have been recently brought into
this harbour, by a vessel from the African coast; and after
a patient and very laborious examination of several days
into the ease in question, now on their oaths unani-
mously present,—That the Hon. East India Company's
sloop of war Clive, sailed from this port in the month of
January last, to Bassadore on the island of Kishm, in the
Persian Gulf, thence to Muscat, the islands of Socotra
nd Zanzibar, and the river Lindy, on the eastern coast
of Africa, and back to Bombay.
" That this cruise was prosecuted under instructions
from the Superintendent of the Marine to the Commander
of the Clive, dated 4th January, 1830, founded on a pre-
vious correspondence between the Superintendent and the
Government of Bombay, the former having, with a view
to the more efficient mantling of the Hon. Company's
Marine, requested permission to send a cruiser to the east
coast of Aft ica, to endeavour to get young lads to enter for
the service, and received shortly afterwards the authority
of the Hon. the Governor in Council to despatch the Clive
to the Gulf, and to run down to the neighbourhood of
Zanzibar, to ascertain whether Government could by that
means obtain some young lads from the east coast of Africa
to man the Hon. Company's vessels of war. That whilst
engaged on the service in question, thirty-six natives of
Africa, apparently from the age of six years and upwards,
principally between the ages of ten and fourteen, though
some few seem to be of more advanced age, were received
on board the Clive, thirty-two in the river Lindy, and
four at or off the island of Zanzibar, on the return voyage
to Bombay.
" That the African boys so received and entered on
board the Clive as marine boys, by the ship's books, were
slaves at the period of their being engaged for the Hon.
East India Company's Marine service. That two of the
boys, by name Thomas Westley and John Stirling, received
on board the Clive from the shore at Lindy, on the 9th
and 11th May last, were exchanged on or about the 22d
of that month for two others, borne by the same names on
the ship's books, and from the same dates, 9th and 10th of
May, from a bugla or Arab vessel in the river Lindy, to the
Nacoda, of which, and some other persons, the two boys
first mentioned were delivered ;—that whatever bounty
was paid to induce the African boy's being sent on board
the Clive, was not received by the boys themselves to their
own use; that the boys in general have no other idea than
they are still slaves, and or,e the same obedience to the
Commander of the Clive that they paid to their former
masters ; that no agreement appears to have been entered
into between the Commander of the Clive and these boys
as to their length of service ; and that from the extreme
youth of a large portion of them, and their all speaking a
language very imperfectly understood, even by the inter-
preter t tken on board at Muscat, and not at all understood
by the Commander, officers, or crew in general, any agree-
ment that might have been entered into with these African
boys, however well intentioned, must have been unintelli-
gible to them. And, lastly, that thirty-three of these boys
are now on board the Hon. East India Company's sloop of
war Clive, or other vessels of the Indian navy in Bombay
harbour, the thirty- fourth having died a natural death, on
the passage from Lindy to Bombay'.
(Signed) "J. H. CRAWFORD, Foreman.
" Bombay, Grand Jury Room,
2d August, 1830."
"To which the Chief Justice returned the following
reply :
" Gentlemen of the Grand Jury,—l have listened with
every attention to the presentment which has just been
read. It is one of a most important nature, as it concerns
a subject which has at all times commanded the greatest
interest ; and as it affects very nearly a highly respectable
service, I have to request your attention to some few ob-

Lisbon.

scrvations on its contents, and on the results which may
spring from the inquiry in which you have been en-
gaged. _ _ _

" A presentment of a Grand Jury, when that term is
used to imply an accusation, is that which it finds with-
out any formal indictment being delivered to them, but
which is afterwards reduced to that shape. It is in fact
considered as instructions to draw the indictment by; and
differs from it, in that an indictment, or more properly
speaking a bill, is drawn up at large am/brought engrossed
to the Grand Jury to find. In practice, however, a pre-
sentment of a Grand Jury generally concerns some matter
which comes within their own knowledge as a nuisance, a
libel, or the like. In the presentment now before me, no
doubt, some matter of serious accusation may be involved.
It has not however gone so far as to make further investi-
gat:on unnecessary, much less is there in it so much pre-
cision as to render it in itself instructions for an indict-
ment ; as for example, no individual is by name connected
with the result of your inquiry. It is nowhere said in
what way, or from what description of persons, the boys
in question were procured. It is said that they were
slaves, but who or what their masters were, or how they
had acquired them, in war or otherwise, or by what in-
ducements the masters were led to part with them, and
other points which I might mention, are still unknown.
It is said that the boys were slaves at the period of their
being engaged for the Hon. East India Company's ser-
vice;' but the state of slavery in which they are de-
scribed to have been, and still suppose them to he ; the
fact of two of them having been exchanged (whether with
or without their consent) for two others from an Arab
bugla in the river Lindy, are not mentioned ; the absence
of all specific agreement as to time of service, there being
no bounty received by the boys themselves, and the want
of common language between them and the captain and
officers of the ship (a want very imperfectly supplied by
the interpreter), all conspire to prevent the same meaning
being attached to the terms ' engaged for the service of
the Hon. East India Company' as they would otherwise
bear. I beg that in making these observations I may not
be supposed to find fault with this presentment, or that 1
am insensible to the very praiseworthy manner in which
this inquiry appears to have been conducted ; but. what I
have said is sufficient to show that in the most favourable
point of view in which your presentment can be taken to-
wards those most concerned in this matter, and in which
point of view I desire to consider it, it is evident that the
case cannot rest where it does now ; fairness to those im-
plicated in the inquiry, and the higher claims of public
justice, equally prevent it. I am, however, at present re-
lieved from the necessity of bringing to your notice the
law on this head as embodied in a recent Act of Parlia-
ment; should the result of an inquiry before the magis-
trates occasion this case again to come before you, it will
be the duty of the Court to do so.
" Sir John Grant made a few observations in general
concurrence with the foregoing, and the Grand Jury re-
tired."

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

PLYMOUTH, JAN. 12.—Arrived the Minerva, Parson,
from Bilboa.

FALMOUTH, JAN. 11. —Arrived the Ahnander, Smith,
from Trinidad ; Fancy, Snell, from St. Michael's ; Gi-
braltar packet from Messina; and Aurora, Swaffon, from

PLYMOUTH, JAN. 11.—Arrived the Sprightly, New-
ton, from St. Aliehaers; Balfour, Down, from Denia ;
Commerce, Steel, from Seville ; and Escape, Wessels,
from Lisbon.

DARTMOUTH, JAN. 1 1. —Arrived the Margaret, Shields,
front Gijon.
PENZANCE, JAN. 11.—Arrived the Assiduous, Villery,
from St. Übe's. Off port, the Good Intent, M‘Donald,
from Terceira.
