:it'd proper person to re present them in the new and Reformed
%se of Commons.—(lmmense cheering.)
kIN r. MANSELL said that nr.thing but the cause of Re-
' nothing but a desire for the interests of the electors,
:I(}thing but respect for a patriot, would have induced hitu
have thrown himself upon the attention of the electors
N'Propose a gentleman as their representative, at the irn-
'tant crisis at which they were about to send a Mernb,r
11,414 a Reformed Parliament. It was, undoubtedly,
,thy of the gentleman who last spoke, to refer to the
.tried services of Mr. Byng; but the electors were to
.101lect that Mr. Byng had never served them in a
'Iw"! and Reformed Parliament—(Hear, Irtar, hear)—in
141;:h those great measures were to be brought
ard, that were to form the basis of the
4s upon wlij.h they were just entering. Mr. Byng
'l4 served the electors long, be had supported the cause of
f,ortu long, while that Reform was " moderate"—
hear)—but the time had come when Reform must
lend itself not only through every principle, but through every clime.—(Loud cheers.) The time bad come
gratitude alone for past services must not be the
it:"lticiple on which the electors would have to act ; but
4Y would have to consider well, and send such men
!, Parliament who alone possessed unquestionably pa-
and liberal sentiments. The elec:ors ought
ttake their stand upon the pedestal of truth, and
whtle
77 Were supported by truth and principle, the cause of
am must prosper.—(Cheers.) He (Mr. M.) stood
the electors to propose a person who would advocate

major points of Reform which Mr. Byng would nu

'l,l not seem prepared to do.—(Cheers.) He alluded
'the tithes—church-rates—the corn laws—and above
111 and that which alone would render the Reform Bill
trent; he would advocate vote by ballot—(Cheers)—
prevailed now, Tory candidates, and those called Con-
7oatives, would never have come forward to enter a
rrned Parliament.—(Cheers,) Every man had a
Lt to worship God, for instance, according to the
ates of his own conscience ; every man, however little
kt '
Oniaessed had an inheritrnce in that little possession,
L as important, and in many instances more so, as
e who inherited the greatest wealth.—(Cheers.) Let there,
'S be an equality in the burthens and taxations of the
try, if taxation were still necessary. The light of Heaven
equal to all—the light of intelligence was equal to all__
aners ought to be free, and that such happiness might be
el by the country, the electors ought to consider it their
ative duty to send representatives to Parliament who
Wvocate, with diligence, every thing connected with the
loess of the people. It had been said that fortune was ne.
for a Member of Parliament—if so, Sir John Lillie was
sod of an ample fortune, but the electors would recollect
h had had been said of Andrew Marvel, though a poor man,
'tea too rich to be dishon st.—(Cheers ) If Mr.
. . had avowed himself the advocate for the extended
1•43,
Ides that must be adopted for the interests of the
t, p, Sir John's friends would have left hint alone.
4.) Had Mr. Byng said he would abolish the
or taxes, which oppressed the tradesman and honest
holder?—(Hear, hear.) He had not, nor would
But they lived now in times when greater exertions
required, and when men must become greater, more
and more pure.—(Cheers.) Sir John Scott Lillie
• all individual who had passed long years in the set-
of his country, be was known in the battle field, and
*as also well known in this great county, as a Ma-
te and a Deputy-Lieutenant. He had had
Li Particular experience in witnessing the distresses
e Poorer classes, and in corning forward to support that
s and those principles which the people thought were
1/444
al, he came forward with a pledge of conduct,
°° the rock of principle. The seconder of Mr. Byng
i%
!eferred to an anecdote about horses, who, when in
dour of old age, ,ought retirement and repose. Why,
, should not Mr. Byng imitate the first Mr. Pitt, and
retirement in the House of Peers?—(Cheers.) He
SPeaker) believed Mr. Byng to have been equal to
nes that had passed, but the times were now altered,
the
his conscience, he believed Mr. Byng was not equal
1e times that were to come.—(Cheers and hisses.)
the Speaker) being one of the people—one who was
e
Wring for his own bread--stood forward with confi-
, to propose a man who felt for the poor—who felt
'y for the infliction of rates and select vestries—whose
ligence rested on the purity of his own virtue—and
best inheritance for his children was the people's
°m and happiness.—(Cheers and hisses.) He con-
' iby proposing Sir John Scott Lillie.
Ptah FITZGERALD (a Magistrate of the county) came for.
and seconded the nomination of Sir John Scott Lillie, as
6°4 most eminently qualified to be their representative in
toned
o House of Commons.
s' nel CLITHEROE stepped forward, amidst the greatest
ill'. to propose Sir Charles Forbes, but he could not be heard.
''Sheriff HUMPIIERY entreated a patient hearing for every
^0 who wished to address them.—(Hear.)
noel I.I.THEROE, after what had passed, would not detain
•,"ger tnan simply naming a person whom he wished to
hat' as their representative.—(l.aughter and cries of "We
hint well.") He begged to propose Sir' Charles Forbes,
4 Cheers and hisses.)
, 441.. Ra MACKINNON, Esq. came forward to second the
Hatton,'
ti, but he was received with loud hisses. In second-
rnomination of Sir Charles Forbes he trusted for their
te,hcei and he appealed to the fair and honourable feelings
0 ltdshmen, to give him a fair hearing for a few moments.
',l,)° sing, the candidate to them—(" He is a borough.
r:: ')—he was doing them no injury, and committing uo
ti' If it was the desire of any Hon. Gentleman to repre-
-0:1 in Parliament, it was but fair to hear his claims to
fir'
We won't hear him"—hisses.) If Mr. Hume
'', idyng were so strong and so powerful as to be sure of
~n. What harm was there in hearing a few words in favour
ther candidate T—(Hooting and laughter.) Really the
4100 he had met with would induce a belief that those
g!dates were not so strong as they would wish it to be
' After several other ineffectual attempts to obtain a
, the Hon. Gentleman concluded by seconding the no.
° 4 of Sir J. Lillie,—(Cries of" We won't have him.")
t h'Bpheriff HUMPHERY then said, that previously to calling
ili,,ly of hands, it would be better to hear the candidates.
'"g would first address them.
;„1/,,150 then came forward amid some cheers and slight
"'Dation. He bad now offered his services to the
til,°f:l4liddlesex for the twelfth time.—(Cries of " Too
' rle felt convinced that if it was possible he was more
,s' to the renewal of the trust that had been reposed in
"°,. W than he was twenty years ago.—(Cries of " You
,:?te against the Corn Laws.") One of the gentlemen
7.q PrOpoSed Sir J, Scott Lillie, state that he thought
tiot 8') was a Very fit representative for ommon times,
a fit representative for the present Parliament.—
t') He would refer to the memory of every gentleman
Whether, during the forty-two years he had repre.
,tle electors, they could be denominated common
L 414 Would say with confidence that during that
had been put in a very conspicuous state of
b',„ had to come forward in the very first Session
uhsincere attachment to religious liberty, which at
$e had
no means popular.—(Cheers and disapproba-
th: "ad to ,;owe forward to propose a war at a period
41:-. great bon of the people, eight out of ten, were in
the 4, he was one of the very few who had the courage to
adoption of that war, both ftom policy and principle.
etttitht that every people had a right to choose their own
; "vernment.—(Cheers.) On that principle he had
41 life,.and f rom it he would never depart.—(Cheers.)
140, through a great number of years, to oppose the
IZtra.vagance with which that war was carried on—
an extravagance which he must say was the cause of
L.! taxation under which the country groaned. He
:4 life been a true Reformer, and had advocated its
"woen others stood aloof from it,—(Cheers)—and at a
lien it was not popular.—(Cheers, Cries of " You
toH.t half a Reform.—We have had enough of You ;
Vi"; and why don't you advocate vote by ballot.")
'l,e of commons was now what it ought to be, it was
C.(4;l' the people of the country. He gloried in
,titration now of Icings, Lords, and Corn.
11v,t7ties of " Vote by ballot.") Hp should con-
tith Observing, that if there was any person present
ft.lte.4 to put any question to him he would. immediatelyis
Ilte
.11e was not there to deny the sentiments of h
h. in order to pick up a little favour. (Chms.)
U'uta came forward amidst loud and most deafening
e neatest
cowl* assure the electors, that he met them to day
°"eatest possible pleasure. He congratulated them on
I, for Which they had now assembled. He believed there
lie: here who would recollect the occasion when they last
ti he,.. ventured to predict that, ere a fewrnonths elapsed,
;the ~..lave the pleasure of meeting them again to cele-
N'"sing of the present measure of reform. He con-
, lt) 0 the country at large on the blessings it may be
4 it 'rive froth the passing of such a measure, and he
!to tt:vt'uld be the means of giving civil and religious
flu L,v,hole of Europe—(loud and continued cheering).
til eTldle in him, addressing the discriminating body he
en 743' which had so closely watched his actions, to
he:. the shortest manner. to the
.conduct which had in..
t tmtors of Middlesex in the first instance to call him
1,4 esent them. He only congratulated himself that
[
, e`'t had been such as to be thought deserving of their
frE4,.„411 he trusted that the course he had held since he had
tlO-'lll.Ber for Middlssex, had been such as to answer the
'the they had formed of him, and that they would look
li) mei:last as a pledge for the future. Having mentioned
tt entenage,
.he could not help saying, that as an honest man
Upon ~ fled an opinion which he was not prepared to
hint eicrrineiples, therefore, he was quite prepared to
'4 its,,„;,_bUt that was a vet?), different thing from being
the'euuerativ assembly, tied down as to the manlier
time when, those principles should be carried
iit i. He thought, therefore, that both those who
'll tn Tr Pledging at all, and those who were
-tedge every thing were equally in the wrong.--
kate very man, in his opinion, who offered himself for
li
v' of a constituency, was bound to say what his
if, etre upon any subject proposed to him—(Hear,
tad upon
he entertained any opinions at all,-for

there were some who had no opinion, whose minds were
"sheets of white paper."—(Laughter.) Such expres-
sions of opinion on the part of a candidate were the
more useful now that they were about to send Members
to a Reformed Parliament, in which he hoped to be able to
do more for the public service in one year than all the friends of
the people had been able to effect in any ten years before.—
It was on that account chiefly, that he had the ambition to re-
present them. He had a heavy and laborious time of it to
bring about the glorious Reform Bill, in which they
now rejoiced. Under the selfish system which had
hitherto prevailed, the few engrossed and abused power to the
injury of the many. His chief efforts had been directed to-
wards placing power in the hands of the many, for whose hap-
piness and benefit it was Government was established. The
friends of the people had succeeded, and he hoped that the many,
who now had power, would use it prudently and discreetly.—
He would not speak of the other candidates, for they were
" honourable men, all honourable men," and it was for them
(the voters) to elect, and not for him to decide. He would
content himself with stating the opinions upon which he
grounded his claims to their support—principles, the object of
which was the greatest happiness of the greatest number.—
(Cheers.) To that end, were he placed in Parliament by
their votes, be should first direct his chief attention
towards perfecting the plan of Reform—(Cheers)--
for he by no means thought that the Bill they had ob-
tained was sufficient.—(Cheers.) In the first place it
was essential that they should give protection to those
to whom they they had given votes—(Cheers)—so as to
enable them conscientiously to exercise the elective Iran-
chise.—(Cheers.) Influence of every kind must b.
guarded against, or otherwise it would not be the opinions
of the electors which were expressed but the opinions of those
who influenced them.—(Cries of " True, and we feel it.")
If the elector were not protected in the exercise of his fran-
chise, the appearance of having it had better be at once
taken away.—(Cheers.) In the present artificial state of
society, when so many men depended upon the wills of others,
he could not blame very harshly those who consulted the wel-
fare of their families by voting in a way they did not at.
together wish, but the fact that many were obliged to do so,
was a sufficient proof of the necessity of -ithe vote by ballot,
(Loud cheers.) He had stated in his place in the House
of Commons that he was willing to give the Reform Bill
a trial without the ballot ; but what had taken place
within the last month bad been sufficient to convince him
that they could not do without the ballot.—(Cheers.)
He would further curtail the leave given to Legis-
lators by repealing the Septennial Act, and again h4vinz
recourse to triennial parliaments. Further, was it not an insult
to the sense of a community like that of England, that itsmetro-
politan county, with a population like that of Middlesex,
should only contain six thousand electors. It was, and he
should vote, therefore, for a further extension of the franchise,
so that a thorugh support might be given to our glorious
constitution, that is to say, to so much of it as may be
found worthy of preservation (cheers). For enter-
taining these sentiments he had been called a leveller, and
perhaps even he came under the class of destructives.
Formerly he had been called a Radical, but as every body
were now Reformers, Radical was not bad enough. And
he was now called a Destructive. If they could annihilate
the party names of Whig and Tory, and recognize two
classes only in the community, that which supported all
abuses, and called itself Conservative, and that which was
for preserving only the good, and was for destroying the
evil parts of our Constitution, was called Destructives, he
should glory in the latter name. Another point which he
thought required the greatest attention from the Legisla-
ture was, the extension of education, for as he wished the
people to have a voice in the Government he wished
to have that voice intelligent. He was not afraid of
an intelligent people, but only of an ignorant multitude.
For it was an almost unavoidable result of ignorance to
produce the disgraceful scenes which they sometimes
heard of as taking place in different parts of the country.
Thinking it necessary, then, that all men should be able to
judge of the propriety of the measures brought forward
by Government, becau,e they were all more or less affected
in their rights and liberties by every measure brought
forward, he was in favour of the removal of all
taxes on knowledge.—(Loud cheerine.) After the
perfecting of Reform, and taking measures fit th,, spread of
education; he looked upon one of the main duties of a Repre-
sentative of the people to be, to grant the peculiar interest of
his constituents. He would state one or two of the principles
which had guided his conduct in this respect, by adhering to
which no public man in his opinion could go very far wrong.
Doubtless it was the duty of every individual in the community
to contribute towards the expenses of the Government which
protected his personal property. But it was the duty
of his Representative to take care not one shilling
more than was absolutely necessary should be taken
from the pockets of the people for that purpose. A
Member of Parliament should take care that 501. should not be
paid for what might be as efficiently done for 2.ss.—(Hear,
hear.) That two men should not be employed to do that for
which one was sufficient.—(Cheers.) And that no pensions
should be granted to individuals who had not rendered
service to the State.—(Loud and continued cheering.) The
consequence of following up these principles would be
an enormous reduction of our establishments, and the aboli-
tion of all sinecures. At present, a man no sooner got a Go-
vernment appointment than he considered his fortune made
But he did not see why an appointment under Government
should be better paid than an appointment in any great mer-
cantile house where similar duties were to be performed. He
would have moderate measures pursued, but still they should
not be such as to let the patient die before the medi.
cine came into operation. And he should say, therefore, that
the best way to insure a reduction of taxation was to be-
gin with a redaction of expenditure. Another necessary
measure would be, a revision of the whole system of taxation,
which had indeed been so laid on by the selfish faction which
had for some years ruled them, that taxes were the only
things of which the people had a monopoly.—(Cheers.) The
heavy lumps of property which had hitherto escaped the
touch of the tax.gatherer, ought therefore to be subject
to a fair proportion of the burdens of the state—(Cheers)
and the springs of industry which had so long, almost exclu-
sively borne those burdens, be relieved.—(Cheers.) He was
the advocate also for the removal of monopolies, and more
especially the atrocious monopoly of corn, by which the oligarchy
of this country had attempted to create an artificial scarcity, for
the purpose of raising the price of the commodity in which
they exclusively dealt.—(Cheers, and cries of" Bravo.") His
own ineome depended on the produce of the land, but he
was convinced that the system hitherto pursued, was
in the long run injurious to the land-owners, ruinous to the
farmers, and disastrous to the people at large.—(Loud cheers.)
He would at the same time abolish every other monopoly, in-
cluding the monopoly of power by Corporations, for lie was
satisfied that property could only attain its greatest degree of
safety where the mass. of the people had confidnce in the
magistracy. He would therefore rally the greatest pos-
sible number under the banners of order, by giving
them a real and efficient, and not, as was in too many
instances the case, a nominal choice in the election of the
municipal authorities.—(Cheers.) He was the friend of
the Church, and therefore was the advocate of a proper
Reform in the Church. The present system of Church
Government, they all knew, did not promote " peace
and good will on earth," which was the ob-
ject of religion—(Hear, hear)—but, on the contrary,
excited dissatisfaction throughout the country, which must
exist as long as Dissenters were obliged to contribute to
the payment of the Ministers of a Church whose doctrines
they did not approve. He advocated also the entire abo-
lition of tithes. When he said that he did not mean that
he advocated the annihilation of the property at present
collected as tithes, for he considered thit as public pro-
perty, and for any one else to take it from its pre-
sent application and put it in their own pockets,
would, in fact, commit a robbery on the public.
What he meant, then, by the annihilation of tithes, was the
doing away with the present mode of collecting that public pro-
perty, and the altering of its application.—(Loud cheers.) He
doubted not that a change, such as he contemplated, would be
agreeable to the mass of the nation, including the Clergy; for
the collection of a tenth of the gross produce interfered within.
dustry, and at the same time with the application of capital to
the soil, in the most injurious manner, and created feel-
ings between the parishioners and their pastors which
must be exceedingly unpleasant to the clergy them.
selves. He was equally desirous of removing the higher class
of the clergy from all temptation of interference in political
quarrels—(Cheers)—for till a change effecting that object took
place, he was satisfied the dignitaries of the Church would not
enjoy that respect which was so essential to the beneficial
discharge of their duties towards the people. At the same
time he was bound to say, that he was anxious that every
change should be effected with as little damage to existing in_
terests as possible; fbr it was not the man but the system he
blamed. (Hear hear.) It was too common for Members of
Paliament, when applied to by constituents not their own, to
tell them to go to their own representatives. (Loud cries of
shame shame.) For his own part he had ten times
more applications from the constituents of others than from
his own county, but he bad never hesitated to apply his
heat efforts early and late whenever applied to.—(Cheers.)
By the past be hoped he would he judged of in future,
and let his calumniators who had tried to run him down
know that he had too much confidence in his constituents
than to suppeee they would think the calumnies which
had been eirculited as unjust as they were illiberal
in mixing up religious and political feelings together.—(Great
cheering.) As he had in his place elsewhere hitherto, so would
he here, treat those calumnies with the contempt they merited,
desiring only truth to come out, for then he would stand freed
before the eyes of all men from every unworthy and improper
effect that had been made on him.—(Great applause.) The
electors were the judges. The Sun began to shine propitiously
at this moment, which in olden times would have been taken as
ominous of all that could be desired—(Cries of " So it shall
now.") Every man who approved of his conduct, who wished to
return him to his place in Parliament would do their duty to-
wards him and themselves on Thursday. He had done his
duty within the House—it was for the electors to do theirs
without.—(Cheers.) He had not considered it would be a com-
pliment to any man to make a personal canvass to him. Gen.
tlemen from Committees had gone through the county to

ascertain what the feelings of the electors were, but he (Mr.
Hume) had not thought it right to ask for that as a favour
which he conceived the el.Ltois had, as a trust, to exercise.
(Cheers.) Whenever they might meet again he hoped he
would not be found to have been a backslider. If, however,
lie should, the electors would only do their duty to turn their
backs upon him at their next meeting. Meanwhile he trusted
his past conduct was sufficient to entitle him to be their future
representative.
Sir JOHN SCOTT LILLIE was received with loud cheers.—
When he had the happiness to appear before them on the two
last occasions, it was for the purpose of proposing to them the
valuable Candidate who had just addressed them, and he should
not have appeared in any other capacity on this occasion, had
Mr. Byng corresponded with the opinion of Mr. Hume, as to
the measures which they had a right to expect from a Reform-
ed Parliament.—(Cheers.) He might be blamed for coming
forward, but if so, those were to blame who requested him to
stand, for he had been called forward by some thousands of his
fellow-countrymen.—(Laughter on the hustings.) He repeated
lee had, for he had attended many meetings, at which thou-
sands attended, and those persons were not satisfied with the
Reform Bill, as it was but wished to obtain the benefits pro-
mised by the Bill. He had been accused of making pledges, but
none had been asked of him, his opinion had been asked,
on certain points, and he had not been ashamed of giving it,
for he was of opinion that no person who intended to act
honestly in a Reformed Parliament, would be ashamed of
stating what he intended to do.—(Cheers.) Mr. Hume had
alluded to the vote by ballot and triennial Parliaments; those
questions had been pnt to him (Sir J. S. Lillie), and he had
most conscientiously given his hearty concurrence in
them.—(Cheers ) What was vote by ballot ? It was giving
the freedom of election. which was one of the most valuable
privileges of the British Constitution, and when a man put
himself forward as a eandidate, and refused to give the elec.
tors the means of voting freely and independently, and without
being controlled by others, it was a fraud and a deception.--
(Cheers.) When a man got Into Parliament, they should re-
member that he got a lease for seven years, six years and
three-quarters of which he was their master, and voted for such
taxes upon the people as he thought proper, and then a
a few days before a new election he presented
himself again hat in hand to solicit for a renewal of lease
in order that he might again have the opportunity of
taxing the people still further. That was what had been
hitherto called representation. One of the first principles
of the British Constitution was that taxation without re-
presentation was tyranny, and in giving the pledges he
had given he acted upon the principles which he now
proressed. He did not now for the first time state those
principles, because two years ago, at the Mermaid Tavern
at Hackney he avowed them. Upon that occasion
their respected Member, fin- respected he certainly was,
he was sorry to say, was driven from the hustings for
opposing some of those principles—he alluded to Mr.
Byng.—(Cheers and laughter.) He begged not to
be understood as alluding with impropriety to Mr. Byng ;
but as he had himself been alluded to, he hail a right to
defend himself as well as he was able.—(Cheers.) He
.upposed he had been alluded to when the word " agitator"
had been used ; but he would ask, who were agitators ?
They were those who refused to give the people their just
rights.—(Cheers.) If, by the word agitator, was meant
the desire to restore to the people their just privileges, he
would glory in the name.—(Cheers.) Mr. Byng, in al-
luding to his past conduct, said he had voted against the
late war ; but when the expenses of the war—fifteen
millions were proposed by Mr. Pitt to be defrayed by a tax
which would have paid the whole off—that debt which with
compound interest now amounted to four hundred mil-
lions— who opposed the measure? Not the Tories, who
had more honesty than the Whigs—(Laughter and
•‘ Bravo," from a party on the hustings)—but Mr. Byng
was one who recorded his opposition to a tax which
would have paid of a debt with which the country was
now saddled.—(Cheers.) Mr. Byng, perhaps, might
then have pocketed some thousands a year by his oppo-
sition.—(Laughter) Mr. Byng might, perhaps, with
his 40,9001. or 50,0001. a year have some advantage over
him (Sir J. S. Lillie) in point of wealth ; but he (Sir J.
S. Lillie) had thii advantage over Mr. Byng, that he
could make that gentleman pay 4,0001. or 5,000/. a year
which Mr. Byng could not make him pay.—(Cheers and
laughter) When the wealthy classes refused to tax them-
selves, the people ought to send persons to Parliament who
would do it.—(Cheers.) As a commissioner of taxes he would
declare, that while the lower orders were taxed above their
means, the rich were scarcely taxed at all. He had served his
country for 9.5 years as a military man and as a Magistrate, and
he defied the breath of calumny to light upon any one part of
his conduct (Cheers.) He was not the son of a lord or a
bishop, and therefore he had nothing to induce him to
swerve fr an his duty to the people. If he came forward
connected with any party, it was not that of Whig or
Tory, but that of the people.—(Cheers.) In addition to
other questions that had beer, put to him, he had been
asked it he would advocate a property tax in lieu of those
taxes which pr. s.erl so heavily on the lower classes, and
he had given it as his opinion, that without a property
tax it was impossible to reduce the national debt. Hi was
not an advocate for reducing taxes until the expenditure
bad been reduced first unless it could be so arranged that a
property tax could be substituted. He was a strong advocate of
the necessity of supporting the present Government, because
he thought it was better entitled to support than any Govern-
ment that existed in this country.—(Cheers.) They were
indebted greatly to their present gracious Monarch, who
was the first Monarch of his family that had ever served
the people, and they were also greatly indebted to Lord
Grey, who throughout his life had been the zealous
friend of his country. Lord Grey was no half-and.half Re-
former—he was not the man to say the country ought to
stand still and have no Reform, or that it had Reform
enough, but when he was asked in the House of Lords if the
people were satisfied with the Bill, he said boldly, "no, my
Lords, the Bill is but the means to an end "—(Cheers.) With
respect to the property of the Church, he thought true religion
would be greatly prejudiced without it.—(Cheers.) If he
thought a Reform in the Church would be prejudicial to pure
religion, he:. would never sanction] it. He felt confident
great good would be effected by it, and if the vote on that point
was taken by ballot, he felt convinced that many ministers of
the Church itself would be in favour of it —(Cheer.s.) Tithes
ought to be done away with ; and, as his friend Mr. Hume had
observed, no man ought to pay for keeping up a religion
from which he differed.—(Cheers.) In France the
expenditure of the Clergy was nothing like what it was
in England, and there was more freedom and liberty of
conscience on that point in France than in England. The
Clergy were represented in that country.—(Cries of "Oh,
oh !") Those behind him might dislike that statement
snore than those before him; but he would tell them
his course was straight, he never looked behind.—
'He bad been attacked by the press for coining
forward, and had been called a Destructive,
and had been accused of being a party with those who had
opposed the election of Sir Francis Burdett and Sir J. C. Hob_
house at Westminster.—(Cheers and hisses.) That was a
great triumph.—(He had nothing to do with any party—
(Cheers)—but the party of the people— (Cheers)—who had
called upon him to come forward, and he had answered that
call. He liked to see candidates stick together as Sir F. Bur-
dett and Sir J. Hobliouse had done, and he could assure the
electors, that had Mr. Byng and Mr. Hume so stuck together,
he would never have been the man to have come forward to
claim their suffrages—
(Cheering). He was happy to say, that
Mr. Hume had told him by letter, that his election was cer-
tain—(cheers).
Mr. HUME.--I hope so.--(C(leers, and cries of It is,
it is.")

Sir J. S. LILLE proceeded—He believed what he had
said, for he never could bring himself to think that the
electors would find him out.—(Cheers, and cries of " We
never will.") A good deal of conservative cash had been
spread about, but he felt convinced that never would do
any good in Middlesex.—(Ch. ers, and cries of " It never
will.)"If by coming forward he thought lie should endanger
Mr. Hume's election he would give up instantly.—(Cheers.)
and cries of" No, no.") It was measures, not men, that the
eltctors wanted--(Loud cheers.) He stood there asking the
starages of theelectors of Middlesex, and he was prepared to
answer any question that might be put to him.—(" Bravo.")
What had passed was not of so much consequence to the elector
as that which was to come. He trusted the electors would con_
duct themselves nobly, and would elect those who would tell
them a little of what they meant to do.—(Cheers
and cries of " Byng has not.") That was Mr. Byng's
affair and not his.—(Loud cheers, and laughter.) The wor-
thy Baronet was about to conclude, but a paper baing put in
his hand, lie said he had been asked for his opinion on slavery.
—(Cheers.) He begged to say he was for emancipation all
over the world, but if he had his choice, he would begin at
home.—(Tremendouss cheering)—but both at home and abroad
he would most strenuously support it.--(Great cheering.)
Sir CHARES FonsEs then came forward. The yelling, hiss-
ing, and hooting, that resounded from all parts of the crowd,
and the picture that then presented itself, beggared all descrip-
tion. The Sheriffs and Mr. Hume in vain endeavoured to
obtain the Conservative Baronet a hearing. All that we
could hear the worthy Baronet say was, that eight-and-forty
hours ago he had no idea of standing before the electors
of Middlesex claiming their suffrages, and that he stood before
them upon the Conservative interest,—(lmmense uproar, and
cries of "You have let the cat out of the bag," " You have
done it now.") The Hon. Baronet, after several ineffectual
attempts to obtain a hearing, retired, declaring that be would
go to the poll.

The SHERIFF then took the show of bawls with: refer-
ence to the several candidates.

For Mr, Byng very few hands, except on the hustings
were held up ; for Mr. Hume, there appeared a complete
forest of hands, followed by loud and long continued
cheering, and the same manifestations of hands and of
applause for Sir J. S. Lillie. For Sir C. Forbes hardly
a hand appeared, and his nam m
e was received with imense
and long continued groaning and hooting.
The Sheriff declared the show of hands to be in favour of
Mr. Flume and Sir John Scott Lillie, amidst shouts of applause.
A poll being demanded on the part of Mr. Byng and Sir C.
Forbes, the Sheriff appointed the polling to `take place on
