EVENING EDITION.

commenced operations, only to emancipate the West 1
Indian negroes ? He trusted such would be found not
to be tko case. The British Government held
its sway upwards of one hundred millions,
v, .70 were crushed to the earth—deprived of all
tii,otivo for exertion, having no means of rising in the
moral improvement—subjected to every species of
aeivadatign aid outrage ; and he asked whether that
:Fate of things was not calculated to rouse the attention

of the aboli.:lonists of Great Britain ? There was an-

tether item to which he would refer. It was the nume-
fa es famines which occurred from time to tima in those
eeeis of India subjected to their sway. It was said,
and ho believed correctly, that in one year 500,000 per-
sons had perished of starvation ; and, would to God
''eat the dead bodies had been brought into the city of
London, and piled up in hecatombs before their eyes,
that their hearts might feel as they ought, and the king-
dom be moved to the centre ! The streets of Agra
were actually blocked up with the dead and the
Using, and that occurred in a land of extraordinat y fer-
tility, upon which God had showered every blessing ;
and he would ask must be the state of oppression
aebich had producecrach dreadful results? Was there
Aything in American slavery worse than that ?
((dear, hear.) The people of Great Britain were re-
sponsible for that—their garments were stained with
blood, and they were guilty of murder daily, hourly,
nay, momentarily. He would not stop now to inquire
now Great Britain had obtained poesession of India,
but recognizing the fact that they had possession, and
elaiined to exercise jurisdiction over it, he would turn
reaud and tell her that she was responsible for all the
epprefeions that were there tolerated. It was for those
who knew these facts to cry aloud and spare not. India
eirght to have jtfstice—she ought to be delivered
trot of the hands of the spoiler. She could be deli-
eared—she must be delivered, or England would be
ezadered infamous in the eyes of the world.—(Hear,
Lear.), `Try had no slaves at home--why then should
they have them abroad ? Let there be a united and
eigorotat effort, and, wider God, there would be a, ge-
eclat jubilee of the emancipated Indians, with the
asalo,ooo coloured freemen of the West Indies.—
(Cheers.) The result would be the increase of com-
mence, civilization, and improvement—it would heap
blessings on the English people themselves—it would
onfer the blessings of morality and religion upon those
he sat in the shadow of the valley of death—and it
would take from the American slaveholders the taunt
nod rebuke that the English were themselves slave-
helders.—(Hear, bear.) They should have clean hands
before they rebuked those whe were polluted. Let
them emancipate the nativesof India, and they would
rike a death-blow at slavery all over the world.
Teem was no other mode of reaching the evil : they
had. tried, by the colonization of Africa, to put an end to
!he American slave-trade ; but what had bcfin the re-
sult ? Was not the slave-trade carried on now to a far
greater extent than ever ? Had slavery grown less a
Had it not, on the contrary, gone on augmenting con-
tinually. He wanted to show them what had been the
elect of the colonization of Africa, and he would read
them a passage from a letter addressed by a missionary
et Liberia to the Colonization Society of New York.
Mr. Garrison here read extracts from a letter from the
ern of the Reverend S. Brown, a :Missionary at Li-
beria, giving an account of a recent attack by about
three hundred nativeeeeunder a chief named Goterah,
-eon the Methodist 3lissionary station at Heddington
King Tom's town), as follows :—" After an hour's
: ehtieet, the assailants were repulsed, with the loss of
ae:r reader and thirty or forty men, which achieve-
ment was effected chiefly by two Methodist mission-
cries and two native converts." . . . . " We were
awakened in our town by the firing of a gun about
two miles from us ; and, while we were musing on
what it could mean, we were again alarmed by the
voices of' several of our people exclaiming, War is
eeete ! war is come!' Brother Simon Harris got out.
of bed immediately, and went out in town. But he
returned in about one minute, and told me to be out of
bed and load the guns, for war was at hand. I imme-
diately arose, slipped on my clothes, and was on my
knees to ask God to help us. By that time, the enemy
was within musket-shot of the mission-house. Brother
Harris went down and gave them the first shot, and
was answered by ten or tw,lve muskets from the
.:nervy, while I was loading muskets in the chamber."
. ." In less than one minute they were running up
end down the picket fence about three rods from the
house, as thick as bees nroand a hive. Brother Ben-
net Derisory and brother Harris were the only two
who stood in front, between the enemy and the house.
They bottle:Wood their ground, and cut them down like
mowers sting grass. Meanwhile, brother Jarvis Z.
Nichols came into the chamber where I was loading
musieets (for we had eighteen muskets in the chamber,
which we knew would go at every snap, and one hun-
dred ready made cartridges, and a keg of powder), and
pouitd a stream of lead down upon them from the
:windows, as fast as two boys could hand him loaded
rniuskets. Jo the midst of all this, the enemy broke
ti'erough fence, and poured into the yard like bees.
Brothers Harris and Dernory now retreated to tire
door, is which both stood side by side, about two rods
.`'coin them, with two muskets apiece, throwing buck-
shot into their bowels, hearts, and brains, like a
tornado." . „ . " While they were gathering up their
dead to take off, I had the best chance of any to tire
intro the groups. But they soon slung their shattered
and went off as if the wicked one was after
them." . . . " The engagement continued one hour
and twenty-two minutes. After they were gone, we went
out 0,1 the battle-ground ; and although they had car-
ried off all their dead except three big slap-sided fel-
'owe, yet I never saw such a scene before. There was
blood and brains in every disection. Oh, the path
which they went was one complete gore
on both sides ; yea, it stood in puddles.
We picked up their fingers by the way-side."
:etch was the way in which they had attempted to put
:stollen the foreign slave-trade by civilizing elfricf. Let
teem, then, have no false reliancef. There were some
persons in England who were of opinion that agrcul-
tare and cisilizition would put an end to the slave-trade
to Africa ; but there was this difficulty—that it would
take souse time to make the problem clear to the native
cl-fiefs of Africa, while at present they knew that ,they
would have a kith price for all that they emalil capture.
The abolitionists of the United States were all agreed
is otiiiiion as to the importance of India. What had
been the testimony of their Delegates at the Convention
lately held in that room. If they could only get a sup-
p!y of cotton elsewhere there was an end, a speedy end,
to silvery in America. He wished to inform the meet-
ing of the manner in which the women of America re-
garded the question. Ile regretted that they had not
tizon permitted to speak for themselves in the Anti-
Slavery Conveatioa, but he trusted he would give no
oTence if he read what they had written.—( Hear.)
lie would read them an extract from a letter from the
Beaton Female Anti-Slavery Society, whose zeal,
intelligence, and self-sacrifice could not be sur-
pested by any other society in the orid.—(hear.)
" A fresh chard hiss been touched by your recent move-
ment in relation to the affairs of British India. In
eaet movement we behold the seeds of crnancip ition
far the cepti,es in our Southern States. Let but
fertile soil give to England, at the reduced
n ice she anticipates, those commodities which are now
.lmost wholly the product of the slave—and where is
American slavery? . . . Long and anxiously have we
zed ueon the horizon, if, perchance, there miglit
so soma star, portending brighter and happier
tys for the captive, and, lo ! one has arisen in the East,
to bid us rejoice in the anticipation of the sundering of
his chaff is. . What a blessed work is lo.2fore you! Th.,
lifting of millioas of oppressed and wretched subjec a front
nverty, and the extinction of slavery upon our sod."
'Hey had the testimony of the abalilio ii•ts in the
i suited States in their favour, and why then should they
not go an ? None were better eh c to nod .rat and th
oenedy for the slave-trade than those who the m lees
resided on the spot, and who were ill en. lees slave-
holders. It was stated in a Charleston (South Caro-
lie i) pewspitper that if Lnglen I could only get a supply
co' ten elsewhere for five years there would be an end
t ,the cyst in of slavery in America. T. slaveholders
nt America wore quaking in view of their sublime inay...-
•.iiAtt ; they saw the haedwriting o the will, and lie
.sped they had at the meeting a second Dan•el t t inter-
pret it fir them.—(Loud cheering.) Ile wished to
sly of that gentleman, their distinguished friends
from Ireland, that the American abolitionists
fielt towards him the deepest respect and mist
profound gratitude, and if there was any evid.mee want-
in that he was ptirsuing the right course, he would
well him that he had earned the cordial detestation of all
the slave-drivers and women-sellers in America
(Cheers.) In conclusioh he would say, God bless the
British India Society ; God fill the hearts of its mem-
bors and advocates with hope and courage ; God make
them an invincible phalanx and victorious over all oppo-
sition ; lee-them not be di:mayed, but go forward ;
ley had ignorance, party selfishness, and power to con-
;ad with--and, as in the Apostolic ages it was the
fit • hest evidence of a man's sanctity to he c'nsidered
6
" beside himself," so in the present age to be considered
silty of the crimes of fanaticism and incendiarisio
lowed filet they had escaped the madness of the times.
(Hear, lieu.)
Reformers, in all ages, had been ac-
cused of wanting to turn the world upside down, but it
was because it had been since the apostasy of Egypt
wrong side upwards, and men
" Played such fantastic tricks before high Heaven,
As make even angels weep."
La elm not be dismayed, but go forward. They had
setice, honour, humanity, and religion on their side,
.ad some of the ablest advocates of humanity to go
.orth and proclaim their cause, and let them only perse-
vere, and they would put an end to slavery throughout
the would.
" Blow ye the trumpet abroad o'er the sea,
hovels has triumphed, the bondmen are free!
ea-xit ! for, the pride of the tyrant is broken,
His scourges and fetters, all clotted with blood,
aro wrenched from his grasp ; for the word was but

spoken.
And scourges ■nd fetters were sunk in the flood !
Slow ye the trumpet abroad o'er the see,
Jehovah has triumphed, and INDIA is free 1"
Mr. JOIIN Dunor, of Edinburgh, seconded the

motion. He had heard in America the glad tidings
the emancipation of the West India slaves. He had
traversed the gorge of the beautiful Tennessee ; he had
crossed the Ohio, and had floated down the waters of
the mighty Mississippi, and then he had turned his eyes
across to his own silver seagirt sle, and had asked what
had England done for America in the way o' liberty,
or what steps had she taken to put an end to the sys-
tem that cursed and oppressed that nation? Let them
then do justice. Of this he was certain, that if they
followed the advic,: of his friend who bad gone MoreL

that if they should consecrate the soil of India to free
labour, and put down oppression there, they would find
that justice was power, and would lead to the health,
happiness, and prosperity of the empire.—(Cheers.)
The Report was then unanimously adopted.
A. J. LEWIS, Esq., Barrister-at-law, said, he wa
called upon very unexpectedly to propose the next re
solution which was as follows :

" That the Government and the people of this Em-
pire are responsible to the civilized world for the
maintenance and administration of British rule in
India, on such principles as shall promote the happi-

ness and improvement of the native population."
The duty involved in this resolution was so obvious,
and, he was sure, would so recommend itself to the
consciences and feelings of all, that he felt it would lie
superfluous in him to say anything in its recommenda-
tion. We had been long in possession of India—we
had made India subservient to our purposes—through
the medium of India we had increased our wealth, ad-

vanced our power, and extended our commercial enter.
prise ; but while we had been in pursuit of these ob-
jects of aggrandizement, what had we returned to India
in gratitude for these great advantages ? (Hear,
hear.) Had we cherished its agricultural resources or
its conarnereial resources? He was sorry to answer
No. Look to the state of agriculture in India at this
moment, bowed dawn beneath the burthen of taxation
until the Indian labourer was scarcely able to maintain
himself.—(Hear, hear.) Look to its commercial re-
sources. Once how flourishing they were, but now, by
our mismanagement, perfectly annihilated.— (Hear,
hear.) The principle of this Society was, to endea-
vour, in every possible way, to promote the happiness
of the Indian community. It was for this reason he
was a member of the Society. But among the many
ingenious schemes that had been proposed for this great
purpose, he thought there was one that had °been
greatly neglected—he meant those social and domestic
means by which the happiness of the people of this
country was promoted to so great an extent. He would
not say more than that, on these grounds, lie felt great
pleasure in proposing this resolution.--(Hear.)
H. D. STANTON, Esq., of New York, said he also was
unexpectedly called to second the resolution just sub-
mitted to the meeting, but he must say he was happy
to stand on that platform to advocate what
he understood to be the objects of the British
India Society. He understood these to be two-
fold. The abolition of shivery throughout their
East India possessions ; and the general introduction
among them of civilization, and the ruts. Now
this resolution laid down the proposition that the people
and Goverament of England were responsible to the ci-
vilized world for the maintenance and administration of
the British rule in India, on such principles as would
promote the happiness of the native population. In ad-
vocating this proposition, he might perhaps betray the
fact that he came from a land where the doctrine was
promulgated that all men were created equal, and, there-
fore, lay down in supporting it another proposition,
namely, that the only ground on which Great Britain
had a right to govern India was the carrying out the
great and glorious principle avowed in the resolution.
He did not stand there, as an American, but
as a man, to assert that all men have an inalienable
right to liberty and the pursuit of happiness.—(Cheers.)
He did not say this great truth was first delivered in
America. It was coeval with the creation of man ; for
God had incorporated it into his very nature when he
made him a moral agent, and, as such, responsible for
his acts.—(Cheers.) Their declaration of independence
(which, he was sorry to say, had not been sufficiently
carried into practice,) had been thrown out, and borne
abroad upon the winds of heaven, and declared not only
that all men were created equal, and entitled to equal
rights, but that, in order to secure these rights, all just
Governments existed among men, and that they were in-
stituted to secure certainly not the advancement and ho-
nour of the Governors so much as the rights and hap-
piness of the governed. Now, in support of this prin-
ciple, he would lay down the proposition, that when
Great Britain refused to govern India on the prin-
ciple expressed in this resolution, that moment her
right to govern India ceased. He should be par-
, coned for his American resolution. The very ground
taken by those who separated themselves fram Great
Britain in that contest was, that in carrying out the
government of their colonies, they had not duly con-
sulted the rights and happiness of the people, and he
took upon himself to say that if the revolution in
America was justifiable in the eye of the civilized
world, so if the people of India were badly governed, he
apprehended a revolution would be justifiable there.
lie believed it was a fact admitted that India was badly
governed. He was sorry to be compelled to assert
that Great Britain had joined in the great crusade
which seemed to have been undertaken by one portion
of the world against th.e rights, the interests, and the
happiness of the coloured race. Since the spirit of op-
pression was first incorporated in man at the fall, it had
grown with his growth, and strengthened with his
strength, and when it looked forth to see on what ob-
ject it might pounce, it did not select men of its own
colour, but a coloured race—men whose only crime
was " a skin, not coloured like his own." The history
of all nations proved that there had been a great cru-
sade against the happiness of the coloured race. They
had speculated in humanity throughout the world, and
Great Britain was not alone in making instalments for
carrying on these unrighteous and inhuman specu-
lations. Having made these remarks which might,
perhaps, be deemed somewhat severe, he would proceed
try state what lie was certainly willing to admit, that,
generally speaking, wherever Great Britain had carried
her conquests, she had carried also arts, civilization,
and Christianity.—( Hear, hear.) He believed
the institutions of Great Britain, in this respect,
covered her with brighter glory than all the achieve-
ments of her armies and navies, and that such institu-
tions as the British and Foreign Bible Society, the
British India Society, the British and Foreign Anti-
Slavery Society, and the great movement that had been
mada in this country during the last forty years fur the
abolition of the slave trade, had done more to surround
the British name with lustre throughout the world,
than her proud achieverneats at Trafalgar and Water.
loo—(Chesrs.) Great Britain had not been content
with reform at home, at a great expense she had sent it
out to the West India islands She had ameliorated
her g,oyerninant in Canada, and in this she had done
right ; for the Canadians would elude her grasp unless
she bestawed on them the rights they considered as
inalienably theirs. The only way to retain them
was to give them their rights ( Hear, hear.) ILI
remembered hearing a gentleman who was called the
leader in the House of Commons, s my that, however lie
might differ from those he termed the Opposition, he
would so conduct the Government, as o bind together
the empire in all parts of the world. '['lien take care,
was his (Mr. S's.) admonition to him. They needed
reform at borne ; but they wanted it equally in India.—
(Cheers.) One hundred and fifty millions of souls
they governed there, and were these to be thrown be-
yond the pale of their sympathies ? Great Britain
might exert her power there ; but it would hasten or
ratand the progress of her foreign government as she
carried out the principle recognised in time resolution.
A gentleman had alluded to the benefits India had
conferred on England. Why were cur merchants
princes ? On account of their trade with India.
Whence was her splead agriculture':—and why did
she stand as the head of the world, but because the
wealth of Lelia was poured at her feet ? Arid was it a fair
requital for the benefits India had conferred on her to be
thus governed—(Hear, hear)—that in a land whele?
God had bestowed his bounty hi such profusion —a
land that might bud and blossom with the very hues of
Eden, thousands and tens of thousands were doomed to
starvation ? Oh, the curse of such a Government ! The
only apology for it was, that it was far removed from
the Home Achninistrati:in. Let Great Brita'n look
abroad, as she was bound to do—let her carry out
the principle of the resolution. She held there one
million of slaves. While his friend had been speaking
he (Mr. Staunton) was unavoidably absent, and did
not know, therefore, whether he had touched on the
subject of American slavery ; but it was necessary to
remark on the inconsistency of Great Britain in per-
mitting slavery in India. Some in that meeting had
not forgotten the great debate between his friend
George Thompson and the Rev. Mr. Breckinhridge, of
America, at Glasgow. In this argument his friend
was, as they would expect, completely successful ; but
the only reason why that debate did not come across
the Atlantic in tones of thunder was, that Mr.
Breekinbridge retorted on his friend time govt. rnment
of Great B-itain over the inhabitants of India. And
hire let him say that so long as Great Britain hell
slaves in India she blotted out the brilliancy that
surrounded her example in the West Indies ; therefore,
if silo had any regard for time rights of the three
millions of American slaves, he asked her to abolish
slavery in her East Indian posiessions.—(llear, hear.)
Why, it appeared, and was immediately believed, that
the system of government in the East Indies would
tolerate all the tyranny in the world, from the broad
and splendid despotism of Russia, to the mean, creep-
ing, and petty tyranny of the American tlaveholder.
! Again, the motives of Great Brit min in the abolition
I of slavery in the West India Colonies were much
impugned, and it would, perhaps, amuse therm to hear
the American apologist of slavery account for it. Ile
said that Great Britain had always hated the Aisle-
' ricans since the revolutionary war—that she had hated
them to 1812, when they had again engaged in war,
I and from thence until the present time ; that her
object in emancipation was not motives of humanity,
nor regard for the principles of freedom, but simply
a desire to injure the prosperity of
.America ; and that
by emancipating 800,000 slaves in her immediate
