HIS MAJESTY'S LEVEE.

The K;ng, attendA by Sin;count Falkland and Sir Her-
hvtt Taylor, arrived in town at about half peat one
o'clock ye,terday afternoon, from the Palace at Windsor.
Soon after his arrival, his Majesty held a chapter and
an investiture of the Most Hon. Military Order of the
tth.

The Knights Grand Crosses were robed by Messrs.
Hunter and Wehb, in the entree gallery in their crimson
rates, wearing also the collar of the order. - They were
afterwards called over in one of the State rooms (George
the Third's), when there appeared General Sir J. Doyle,
Bart., General Sir W. Henry Clinton, the Right Hon. Sir
James Kempt, Lieut.-General Sir George Townsend
Walker, Lient.-Geoteral Sir Thomas Hislop, General the
Earl of Rossiya, Vice Admiral Sir Thomas Byam Martin,
Lieutenant-General Sir Willoughby Gordon, and Viscount
Palmenvon.

The Officers of the Order present were Algernon Gre-
%dile, E•q., Bath KinE., of Arms, and Sir Wm. Woods,
Clarenceux King of Arms, Deputy Registrar and Secretary
of the Order.

At tw•o o'clock the middle door of the Throne room
was opened, and the Knights Grand Cro.ses, with the
Officers of the Order, proceeded into the presence of the
Sovi reign, making the usual obeisances.
The King stood in front of the throne. Near his Ma-
jesty were several of the Cabinet Ministers, the Officers
of S ate, and of the Household. The Honourable Corps
of Gentlemen Pensioners, heating the battle-axes, formed
in two lines, bet Ween which the procession passed.
By command of the King, the Rigbt Hon Charles
Mann-rs Sutton was introduced to the presence hetwes•u
Sir Wiilotiehby Gordon and Viscount Palmerston, the
two junior knights pre4ent, preceded by Bath King of
Arms, bearing the Riband. Badge, and Star of the Order,
upon a crimson velvet cushion.
Sir Jahn Doyle, Hirt., delivered the Sword of State to
the King, when his Majesty was gracious►y pleased to
confer the honour of Knighthood upon Mr., now Sir
Charles M inners Sutton.

His 111,,j,,ty made an address to the Knights, pointing
out the services and conduct of Sir Charles, which bad
merited his approbation.
Sr John Doyle hiving received from Bath King of Arms
the Riband and Ridge, presented them to the Sovereign,
who was graciously pleased to put the same over the right
shoulder of Sir Charles, kneeling. Sir Charles Sutton
had afterwaids the honour of ,kissing his Majesty's •hand,
and received from the Sovereign the Star of the Order of
a Civil Knight Grand Cross.

The Knigh:s Grand Crosses, and the officers, then
withdrew.

The King held a Privy Council, at which Mr. Justice
Bostriquet and Sir Alexander Johnstone were introduced,
sworn in Privy Councillors, and took their seats at the,
board accordingly.
The Right Hon. William Wickham was resworn a
member of his M.jesty's Privy Council.
Viscount Melbourne officiated as Lord President of the
Council, in the absence of the Marquis of Luise° vne.

Mr. C. Greville was the Clerk of the Council in waiting.

The King gave audiences to Earl Grey, Viscount Pal-
merston, Mr. Secretary Stanley, Viscount Melbourne,
Marquis Wellesley, and Lord A. Beauclet k.
Viscount Ashhrook and the Hon. Captain G. Camphell,
R.N., were the Lord and Groom in waiting.
His Majesty afterwards held a levee. In the entree
circle Count Lode., the Neapolitan Minister, presented
Prince Pignatelli, and the Duke Fnrnazi, commander of
the Royal Neapolitan brig in the river.
At the Entree Levee there were present the Russian,
Austlian, and French Ambassadors; the Neapolitan,
Prussian, Swedish, Hanoverian, Belgic, Netherlands,
Saxon, Spanish, and Bavarian Ministers; M. Dedel, the
Dutch Special Minister, the Secretary to the French
Embassy, the Secretary to the Hanoverian Legation,'
Baron Rehausen, S-cretary to the Swedish Legation, the
Cheva•ier Rezina, the First Lord of the Treasury, the
Secretaries of State fir the 11. me, Foreign, and Colonial
Departments, the President of the Board of Contra,l, the
Laid Steward, the Master of the Horse, the Master-
General of the Ordnance, the Military Secretary to the
Commander of the Forces, Sir Wathen Waller, Extra
Gro, m in Waiting, the 11Ifoiter of the Ceremonies, the
Master of the. Robes, Sir William Woods (Clarenceux
King of Arms). Sir G. Sher, Under Secretary of &a•e
for Foreign Affdrs, the Deputy Secretary at War, the
Rev. T. F. Fount Bowes, Deputy Clerk of the Closet;
Colonel Bowater, Equerry in Waiting, and Master Ste
pherison, Page of Honour.
Among the eeneral company were...
EA RL—Rosslyn.
LORD—St. Helens.
RIGHT HONOURABLES—Wm. Wickham, C. Grant.
HONOURABLES—Captain Eliot, R.N., Captain H. Dun.
can, R.N.

SlRS—Alexander Johnston, J. Brooke Pechell, Theophilus
Lee, Wathen Waller, T. Neave.

REV. DOCTOR—Sleath.
REV. MESSIEURS—Joseph George Tolley, J. flocsley
Dakins, T. F. Foord Bowes.
JUSTlCE—Bosanquet.

MESSlEURS—Lahouchere, M.P., Prendergast, Campbell,
Stewart Mackensie, Elliot, Chatfield, William George Beek,
Ensor, Tebbs.
ADMIRAL—Sir Charles Rowley.
GENERAL—Mundy. _ _

COLONELS—Henry Somerset, George Cathcart, J. S.
Harriot, Short, Grey, Sir Burges Camac, Milman, Walton,
Lambert, Sir John Savage.
MAJORS—Bruce, Hyde.
CAPTAINS—George Mathew, Palmer, Wilbraham, Fort-
ing, R.N., Glover, R. Croker, R.N.
COMMANDERS—Sir Wm. Dickson, Bart., J. Townehend.
LIEUTENANTS—Mundy, Macau, Charles Thomas Hill,
R.N., Frederic Ensor, A. P. Le Neve, R.N.
ENSIGN—James Robert Maxwell.

Toe folto.t.ing were pie eine(' to the King:—Mr.
ndergast, by the Right Hon. Charles Grant ; the Rev.
J. Horsley Dakins, on being appointed Domestic Chaplain
to his Royal Hiehness the Duke of Cumberland ; Mr.
Wilbarn George lit,tek, in the service of Persia. on his
return fe.on that country, by General Sir Herbert Taylor ;
Captain Georg- Mathew, Chtldstream Guards, on appoint-
ment by Colonel M tainnon ; Lieut.-Colonel Henry
S tmerset, to take leave on his return to the Cape of Good
Hope; Lieutenant Mundy, 16th Foot, on his return from
India, thy his father, Lieutenant-General Mundy; Mr.
Chatfield, on lhis departure fix the United Provinces of
Central America, by Viscount Palmerston ; Lieutenant-
Colonel Grey, on appointment to the 71st Regiment, by
Earl Grey; Captain Palmer, on his teturn to India, by
Mr. Peter, M.P. ; Sir Theophilus Lee, on his appoint-
ment as a D. ibity.Lieutenant for Hants; Mr. Ensor,
Deputy Lieutenant for Norfolk, on his departure far the
continent, by the Earl of Albemarle; Colonel G. Csrbcart,
on his return from North America, by Lord Fitzroy
Somerset; Captain R. Croker, R.N., by Vice.Adinir.tl
Fleming; Captain Glover, by Lieutenant Colonel Henry
Somerset ; Lieut. Masan, by Lieutenant-General Sir T.
Hislop; Lieutenant Charles Thomas Hill, R N., on pro-
motion, by Sir J. Graham ; Lieutenant F. Ensor, on i.,s
return from India, by the Earl of Albeware ; Ensign J.
R. Maxwell, by Major-General Sir J. Cockburn.
Baron d'Ompteda, the Hanoverian Minister, had an au•
dience yesterday of the King.
His Majesty, attended by Viscount Falkland and Sir
Herbert Taylor, left the Palace at St. James's at a quarter
before seven o'clock last evening fhr the residence of Mr.
Secretary Stanley, at Putney. The King honoured Mr.
Stanley with his company at dinner.

REFORMS AND CHANGES IN TURKEY.-I
mention here only she financial and administrative reforms,
but there are others of a moral nature peril spa equ'lly
important, which, in the commencement of this year
(1832), I observed, with no less gratification than sur-
prise, in passing through Turkey in Europe. The
Greeks were allowed to wear turbans, yelow slippers,
and generally any dress and any colours they chose. This
may rippeer a mere trifle, but it is far from being so.
The masks of distinc ion, between Greek or Christiar,
and Turk, are dress, name, and mode of salutation; the
most important, however, is dress ; every one must have
felt this, who for a day has worn the two ens•unies in
Turkey. When these distinctions are no longer mitten+
of right and law, they will fall into disuse; nor would
they be considered, a+ herertofore. even if preserved,
badges of oppression or slavery. The two people will, I
doubt not, in time, amalgarn,+te, if nothing interfere Irons
without to disturb the progress commenced; with the
acuteness of the climate (I know nut what word to employ
to designate the peculiar inteligence of these races), they
ven themselves anticipate this event. I recollect a vlacls
saying to me at Monastir, " If the Grand Vizier live ten
years longer, we shall sup with the Turks in Lent, an::
mey will dine with us in Raniszan." At the time to
which I allude, in approaching Constantinople, I met
several deputies, returning with &mans for the erection
of cburch: s. The difficuMes thrown in the way co
building and repairing cburcLes by the Tusks, are well
known, as v ell as the heart-burt,ings thereby caused to ti.e.
Greeks. Now, not only was perwis,ion freely granted,
out the Grand Vizier himself subscribed eighty thou.arso
piastres towards the erection of one at Monastir, whicl
was erected of solid stone masonry in an incredibly short
period, the whole Greek population contributing labour
'a well as money, and was completed by the end ta 1851.
rile Turks asked the Greeks, " Why they bad not add...-
four minarets to it ?" How couch rnsaning lies is thi.
taunt.—Turkey and its 2?tsources.
