:IDS, AT ONE O'CLOCK:.

Peruvian 83
Portuguese Bonds 88i

Ser,p
Prtts*in.n .5 per ct.

""r►', and when the priest gives the corrinrazion or carries the
wiatiotima to the sick.

" There is legal proof of the consecration of the pyx, the
ostensoir, the Patten, and of the chalice employed in the cere-
rnotias of religion, at the moment of the commission of the
crime.

` There is also legal pro-of of the consecration of the osten-
goir. and of the pyx shut up in the tabernacle of the church.
d " 4. The profanation of the sacred utensils is punished with
eath. .

" The profanation of the consecrated wafers is punished in
the. same manner as parricide.'
" Titre 2. (Art. 5 to 9) relates to sacrilegious robbery.
" Titre 3.. (10 to 13) to crimes committed in churches, or on
objects consecrated to religion.
" Titre 4. (Art. 14) extends the disposition of ritres 2 and
3 to ahnes and misdemeanors committed in edifices consecrated
to forms of religious worship legally established in France."
PUNDS.—PARIS, JAN. 7. Five per Cents.
opened at 102 f., 85c. ; closed at 102 f. 90c.; Bank Stock,
14-ISf• ; Neapolitan, 5 per Cents., 891 f.; Spanish Five per
tent)!, 1B f. ; .Ditto Loan, 554f.—Excbange on London, one
111tootAl., 251.5 c. ; three mouths, 21f. 90c.—C C'lntrs Agthettliqhmt.)

Madrid Gat:cites to the 9..Qth ultimo reached
us last night, and contain some choice specimens
of 'Spanish official veracity. In this country,
where we have the best information respecting
the new States of South America, the condition
of roost of which is denoted so prosperous and
triu4quil by our Ministers as to induce them to
Corm commercial treaties with Colombia and
Mexico, it will hardly be credited that the
Gazettes of FERDINAND should delude
his people by pretended victories over I.3oLtv,t
and with the re-conquest of Peru by the Royalist
troop, and the threatened re-subjection of Colom-
bia and Chili. The accounts in these papers
regarding South America are said to be tie-
rived from private letters from Now York,
dated the 14th ultimo, which we doubt
not have been fabricated at Madrid, because
2C44'W York Papers to time 17th are in town, in
which not a word is mentiontul on the subject.
'!'lle following is the account of the operations
which are said to have terminated in the a lino,,t
total destruction of the Colombian army, and
which it c give as a Apecimuen :
" The Viceroy had arrived with 5,b00 men at Janja, and
ardmd the Asia to join four armed vessels, to repair to a place
which he had pointed out, at the same time desiring CANTE-
RAC to advance with his three divisions. MoNXT advanced
firm along the coast, but was forced to retreat, with loss of 800
nieri and four guns, because BOLIvAR attacked hint with his
whole force, following him full of pride, and immediately dis-
patching couriers to I"anama announcing a complete victory
;4.10001 over Royalists ; hut as he advanced too far into the
e'"tx7, CANTEitAc, who came by the Sierra, hastened his
march, and placed himself on BoLivia's flank ; the latter at-
tempted to make himself master of sonic eminences to fortify
himself there, but was bailled in this purpose, because he was
cut oft' in the rear and attacked on the flanks; he, however,
effected his escape with a small division and in great disorder,
saving in the power of the Royal Army all his artillery, am-
munition, and baggage, and with the loss of six or seven
thousand men. It was thought at Guayaquil that he would
not be able to embark ; they do not say whether on account of
his being hindered by the fOrces brought by the Asia and the
other vessels. It was believed he might perhaps return to

Three Dutch Mails arrived this morning,
bringing Dutch Papers to the 9th, and pose of
ilamburgh to the Ist instant. We have advices
from St. Petersburg!' to the 22i1 December,
which state that the Neva was frozen in the
night of the 17th, the thermometer of 11,E3umutt
I).eing eleven degrees below zero ; and since
that time the communication with Cronstadt
had been restored, and the communications
with the interior had commenced. At the
srttne time that Petersburgh was inundated,
It appears. that Frederickstadt in Norway
Rtffered the same calamity, and that all the pro-
.cMcos on the Baltic were visited by a dreadful
I,l7rricane which did great damage to the Forests.
"0 Crimea also did not escape the disasters
which have befallen the North of Europe. On the
18/h October three severe shocksof an earthquake
berg felt at Dubossar ; and on the Ist Novem-
bi'`f it was followed-by a furious hurricane. \V e
rogret to announce from Hanover, that the town
of Salzhammendorf in Calenburg suffered in the
middle of last month from a fire, which destroyed
more than 100 houses.

V.XCIEANGF.g.
itkuutiitan, Drc. M.—London, 36. 4.; 2 Us., 36. 1.
1'1:TU115131:EG it, DEC. 10.—London, 9i.
Axs r ¢~v~:a,J AN. 7.—London, 39. 3.; 2 months, 39. IS.

Itrnssels Papers to the 9th instant arrived also
at a late hour this day. The proposed changes
in the tariff of import and export duties are still
the subject of discussion in the States General
a the kingdom of the Netherlands. \V are
glad to perceive, by an article from Bitleln these
Papers, that foreign service is becoming more and
rnore unpopular among the youth of Switzerland,
circumstance which may be regarded as a proof
of the internal prosperity of that country, and of
its possessing the means of employment for its
Inhabitants.

It is as absurd as impolitic and inconsistent in
the French Government to object to what may
be considered as our virtual recognition of the new
trans-Atlantic Republics. Did not France take
the lead in recognizing the independence of the
United States, without requiring the concurrence
of Great Britain % The new Republics of South
America have actually achieved their indepen-
dence, and it is evident that they never can again
be brought into subjugation by the Parent States.
it would have been the best policy of those Pa-
rent States not to have suffered any other country
to take the start of them in submitting to what is
inevitable. This would have shewn a graceful ac-
cordance with the irresistible course of events,
which indeed is the progress of time and nature. By
such conduct they would have obtained the friend-
ship of their former dependencies, and the iden-
tity of language would have secured them a pre-
ference in all commercial relations. It is folly
to talk of the displeasure which the Hour AL-
LIANct may feel on our recognition, whenever it
may be formally given. The HOLY ALLIANCE
is viewed with abhorrence, as an attempt to
govern all Europe. As to the displeasure
0. France, it is equally ludicrous. It is ob-
vious that France did not know how to
'flake a Proper use of the influence which she
must have acquired over the besotted Monarch
of Spain, in restoring him to the Throne, or it
would have advised him not to persevere in a
hopeless contest in itc present exhausted state,
but to concede what it cannot recover. France
too, instead of presuming to censure the conduct

of Great Britain, should follow hrr vise ex-
ample. The South American People have passed
their nan-age, awl are resolved never to be
brought back to a state of pupillage (Kid pareuta!
tyranny.

LOSS OF THE DUTCH COLONIAL SCHOONER.
G.' ILYV:3O.

BATAVIA, Aim. 21.

We have recived so'ms particulars of the loss of his ,Nla-
jesty's Colonial shooncr the Calypso-, which sailed from Amboyna
on the lUtli April with dispatches fur Java. After struggling fur
several days with contrary winds, it struck on the 38th, at mid-
night, on a reef, called by the natives Passeleurzing, about tire
miles S.W. by W. from the island of Rosagalet. The ship
idling rapidly with water, it was resolved to abandon it. Part
of the crew got on board, and part on a raft which they put
together, but the latter not being able to keep the raft afloat,
returned to the ship ; and those en board the long-boat (which
was too crowded to receive any more) promised to send it hack
to fetch thein off. This however they were unable to d
After driving about for four days, without food and very little
water, and assailed by the inhabitants of several so all
islands with shot and darts, the long-boat was sur-
rounded near the island Lusuradie by live vessels of
the natives, and the crew being without arms and completely
exhausted, taken prisoners by a iiundred of the natives. A f:er
having remained twelve days in slavery in the island, they
were set at liberty by the intercession of the Rajah of Bone•
rate, except three Europeans and six Javanese. Those re-
leased to the number of ten or twelve Europeans and three
Javanese% arrived at Alacassar the 21st of June. We have
no accounts of the fate of those who reuiaiued on the wreck.
but vessels and agents have been sent to endeavour to save
them. It ix said that the numerous and important dispatches
which were saved from the wreck were burnt by the natives.
