' impossible; and, indeed, is is scarcely hidden, that the Papist
will now demand the ' rights" which they have so long pe
titioned for; a proceeding in which the radicals of Lancashin
were formerly tutored. It has in it, then, the nature of
menace, and must be so used, as to render that menace influen
tial. How this can be without a conspiracy we know not, an►
without such preparations for enforcing and demanding, a
must amount to a conditional declaration of rebellion, in cas
the claims are not granted. It comes then to this : whether th
Papists will content themselves with showing reasons why theh
petitions should be granted, and bringing the public mind tt
think with them, the only legal mode of proceeding, or whether
they will resolve to fight for the power they claim. The exist.
ence of this rent is a proof that they have chosen the latter; anc
will any dozing, dreaming politician pretend, that if they fine
themselves in a condition, to wrest this from the fears of Par.
liament, they will stop there. No man but a downright idio
could come to this conclusion. TO surrender one iota to fore(
would be to surrender Ireland to give Protestant property to
Papists, and Protestants themselves to extermination. So fearfu:
is the risk which the Irish Government takes upon isself, in suf
fering this engine of rebellion, little short of open and avower
rebellion, to mature itself under its eye. We do not go to the
other object, a popish rebellion, because it is included in the
conspiracy to force " Catholic emancipation :" the one neces-
sarily folluws the other; and, therefore, the present conspiracy
demands suppression just as much as if the latter object were
fully avowed. But two questions are asked. What could
O'Connell and the other brave barristers of the Association
gain but " broken heads" in case of a tumult ? We be-
lieve, indeed, that this is all they would gain ; but whether
they believe it is another thing. If this conspiracy is to go on,
commanding, as it will, the deluded populace by the influence
of the priests, many a demagogue has hazarded his head
and his neck too on fainter probabilities of success. It is
true they are also radical reformers, and, should a Popish
Government be established, it would not recognise any thing
approaching to radical ideas of popular liberty. We grant
that ; nothing is more certain ; the struggle is to seal up the
Irish people in mental and in civil slavery, for which Po-
pery is the best instrument on earth. But that is no bar to
the radical demagogue : give hint power, and he becomes the
veriest tyrant in existence. Who doubts this, whether Cobbett
or O'Connell be in question ? And, as iris the popish radicals,
let the cause but succeed, they will get absolution for all past
liberality ; and give them power, and you cure them of all fit.
ture tendency to offend in that particular. The next question
which has been asked is, Can the Catholic noblemen and gen-
try intend a revolution ? Why not ? We see nothing absurd in
this. Should they succeed, their interest will be promoted by
it, and they will acquire the merit of making Popery triumph-
ant. It is not the case of nobles and gentry in England excit-
ing the mob, for they have here no means of governing it ;
hut, with the priest, they can govern the superstitious populace
most implicitly in Ireland, and establish a government as fa-
vourable to themselves as they please. Danger, then, there is ;
and it is not to be avoided by concession, but by firmness and
timely measures of precaution.

JAMES ABERNETHY, the famous beggar, is now
' laid up for life in a hospital. He was born in Edinburgh in
March, 1722, and was bred a cork cutter, which occupation he
left at the age of eighteen, and entered the service of his coun-
try. He served abroad in a cavalry regiMent (it is thought the
Oxford Blues) and was engaged in the 23d year of his age at
the famous battle of Fontenoy, anti very likely is the only per-
son alive who fought on that memorable day. James gave a
very imperfect account of this battle, having been too particu-
larly engaged to make general observations. On his regi.
ment taking their station in the morning, and when he had a view
of the combined army and of the French, he said that he had
no idea the world could have afforded such numbers. He does
not deny that he was afraid at first, but fear soon gave way._
Ile was several times unhorsed in the Brulziemcnt ; and found,
to his surprise, next morning, his horse was black, having en-
tered the field on a gray one. The next most memorable event
in James's military life, was being on duty at the wedding of
his late 31ajesty, and he was fonder of dwelling on this than
of Fontenoy. He received his discharge shortly ater this, and
coming to his native place, wrought some time in the quarry
at Craigleith, where he niet with the accident that ingloriously
lamed him. Having no pension, and being disabled for work,
he took to beggary, and, till within two years, has been a regu-
lar traveller in Clydesdale and Ayrshire. He was in business
nearly fifty years, and, during that time, it was calculated that
he had, on an average, drank a gallon of whisky every week,
thus having consumed 1,100 gallons of that precious stuff.—
James could scarcely bo called a wit, although he had many
stories and querks that passed for it in the country. Soon after
the accession of the late Earl of Eglington, he one day. met
James going into the house, and ordered him to turn. James,
as his custom was, on receiving a repulse, was extremely rude,
and his Lordship threatened to have him taken as a vagrant if
ever he again entered the policies. James, on going out, met
with another of the order, whom he endeavoured to persuade to
return, as his visit to the castle would be unproductive. His
brother, however, passed on, saying he knew the right side of
the Earl. James, in his next journey, again approached the
noble residence, and again met its owner, who, enraged at the
presumption of the gaberlunzie, was not very nice in the choice
of the epithets he bestowed on him. James never spoke, but
made a circle around the Earl, eyeing him most attentively.
His Lordship, alarmed at this strange conduct, demanded the
cause of it. " Why," said James, " I have been told that your
Lordship has aright and a wrong side, but I confess I see
no difference. Ilis Lordship, on hearing this, laughed,
and told James that lie would give orders he should have some-
thing to eat,—" and to drink," said James, " ay ! and to
drink." James was quartered, some years ago, in a farm-
house near Strathaven. For a considerable time before, this
farmer's cows had been unbound every night in a mysterious
manner. This made a great noise, and attracted public atten-
tion ; but when Abanethy slept in the byre, the cows were all
found fast bound in the morning. Latterly, James had to be
carried from house to house in 7asart, when he began to sate
money, as he could not then get calling at the ale-house..—
(Glasgow Journal.)

COURSE OF EXCHANGE, Januard 4.
Attistet dam
1m to, at Sight
Rotterdam l2 3
Antwerp
12 3
Hamburg!) 37 0 Us.
Allows
Paris,3 Day's sight
Ditto .
25 45 I L..
Rom dealix, ditto
Berlin
7 5
Fiankfortim the Main
Petri sburgli
• 9
Vienna
10 0 •
Trieste
10 0
Madrid • . - 36 Effective'
Cadiz
!Whoa
35i Etiectivis
Barcelona
icville
Gibraltat .

Leghorn
Genoa ~.„ 443/4-Veniee, Ital. Liv. 47
Malta
Palermo
Lisbon
Oporto
Rio Janeiro
48
. 50/
Onblin ...• 93/4 Coil; 93/4 pet Cent.

BULLION.

Portugal Golil,lll
Foreign Gold, in 13ats..,
New Doubloons
New Dollars...,
Silver Standard in Burs,

1.0 0 0 per OS,
3 17 9,
0 0 0'
.. 0 4 10*
0 5 Of,

BIRTH.
At Boulogne-sur-mer, on the 31st December, the lady or
T. C. Grattan, Esq., of a son.

- -
MARRIED.
Lately, at Madrid, Count Brunetti, Austrian Ambassador at
the Court of Spain, to the eldest daughter of the :Marquess of
Camarasa.
Ou the 28th December, at North Otterington, 'Yorkshire,
Joseph Addison, Esq., of the Inner Temple, to June, eldest:
daughter of the late Thomas Beckett, Esq., of Thornton-le-
Moor.

At Cardington, Bedfordshire, on the Ist inst., the Rev.
Stowell Chudleigh, to Mary, wi4ow of the late James Palmer
Hobbs, Esq., of Mount Ephreitn, Tunbridge Wells.

DIED.
On, Saturday last, the Ist inst., Miss Elizabeth Wright, of
Great Ormond-street.
On the 4th inst., at her house in Bromptooz-row, Mrs. Ana
Taylor.
On the 4th inst., in Clifford-street, Charles Hanbury, Esq.,
of Sloe-faun, Halstead, Essex, aged 58.
On the 3(1 inst., in Dorset-place, Clapham,-road, Francis
William Wilcox, the infant son of Mr. F. W. Co
Lately, abroad, C. John Travers, Euston-place.

• •
Printed and Published for the PROPRIETORS, at the
OFk'ICE, No. 112, itrand, by J. B. CsnaTAO.%
