FOREL CI

Asturian, 5 per cent lPortuguese Bonds, 5 per sent.
Belgian, 5 per cent 1021,4 I Ditto, New Ditto
Brazilian Bonds 781;4 'Prussian, 5 per cent —
Buenos Ayres, 6 per cent — Russian Bonds, 5 per cent....
Chilian, 6 per cent — Ditto, Metallic —
Colomba,n, 6 per cent Spanish, 5 per cent Br'
•
Ditto, 1621 3l Ditto, Consolidated —
Danish, 3 per cent 7SM French, 5 per cent. —f. —c.
Greek Bonds, 1825, 5 per ct — Exchange -f. —c,
Mexican, 5 per cent IS French, 3 per cent _r. -r
Ditto, 6 per cent., 1825......... Dutch, t 2 per cent.
Peruvian, 1825,6 per cent
SH
.... Ditto, 5 per cent.... 103
ARES

Bristol and Exeter Railway
Great Western Railway
London and Brighton Railway
London and Blackwall Railway
London and Birmingham Railway
London and Southampton Railway
London and Croydon Railway (True;:) 45%
19.!4
South Eastern and Dover

HEAVY STORM.—During last night the me-
tropolis was visited by a violent storm of thunder, light-
ning, hail, and rain. The rain fell in torrents, and the
lightning, which was terrifically grand, kept the streets in
a continuous blaze of light for many minutes together.
The heavy peals of thunder and violent gusts of wind ap-
peared to threaten general devastation. Some idea may
be formed of the violence of the rain, by the fact that the
water-pipes, not being large enough to admit its progress,
it in many places filled the gutters and overran the
parapets. The storm commenced about ten o'clock, and
continued with unabated violence until nearly four o'clock
this morning. Most people agree that so violent a storm
has not occurred at this time of the year since the year 18°0,
and previous to that in the year 1802.
MAIDSTONE HOP INTELLIGENCE.—The
last week's fine weather has produced a considerable im-
provement in the bine, and a large number of planters will
commence tying this week, some having done so on Fri-
day and Saturday last. The flea lies thickly on some of
the weak ground under the bills. A few warm showers
would help the pines materially.
TYRONE ELECTION.----Lord Claude Hamilton,
Major Humphreys (agent of his Lordship's brother, Lord
Alx.;reorn), and Mr. Boyle, was put in nomination on
Friday. On Saturday the polling was—Lord Claude,
218.; Major Humphreys, 81. Mr. Boyle did not persevere.

METROPOLITAN POLITICAL
SUMMARY.

The Morning Chronicle, after stating that the
" general belief is that Sir Robert Peel will not dis-
solve Parliament till after the new register is complete,"
says—" We greatly doubt whether the Tory leader
shares the exultation which pervades the ranks of the
party. The cause of the eagerness for place of some
of his confederates is sufficiently obvious. But the rCB
angustce donti do not blind him to the difficulties of the
task on which he is about to enter. It is not in the
House of Commons, as he well knows, and still less in
the Lords, that these difficulties are to be expected.
He is aware that his measures will be carried by the
assistance of many of those who supported the Mel-
bourne Administration. But how long will the calm
last ? The Tories talk very big ; but the people of
these kingdoms will teach parties an important lesson
ere long."
Our Contemporary, in another leading article, sets
forth the reasons which, in hic opinion, have brought
the Melbourne Administration to an end. These all
merge in their refusal to advocate Household Suffrage;
Triennial Parliaments, and Vote by Ballot, which small
points of reform he thinks the present a favourable op-
portunity for obtaining. " The late Ministry," he re-
marks, " has been unable to survive the repudiation of
this object ; the next, if in hostility thereto, cannot
stand permanently." Our Contemporary may, perhaps,
find that if the next Ministry cannot stand " perrna-
dently," which is a word of very convenient vagueness,
it will stand long enough to do an incalculable deal of
mischief, and that, too, by an uncompromising hostility
to the very reforms which he is anxious to obtain. Op-
position to further organic changes will be the ruling
principle—the bond of union—the soul of the Tory Ad-
ministration, and thanks to the extravagant conduct o
the ultra-Reform party, there is now little doubt that
such an Administration will find all the support it wants,
even among the elective body.

The Ministry of Lord Melbourne is no more. The
,reachery of the ultra-Radicals to the principles of Re-
form, and the want of common honesty in their conduct
upon the anti-slavery question, have aided the Tory
ambush, and the Liberal party is for the present out of
power. Do these gentry think that thcy have served
the Liberalism they profess by their preference of a Tory
to a Reforming Government ? Do they suppose that
the country will give them credit for principle in so
acting, or even for common sense? We tell them
no. With what duplicity soever they may attempt
to palliate their actions, they are branded as factious
opponents, for factious purposes, of the Melbourne Ad-
ministration, and upon the very question of all others
which they were bound to support, they have opposed
the measures of the Government. On Wednesday last,
at a dinner given to one of these worthies, the misrepre-
sentative of Kilkenny, union was strongly insisted upon
—the plate, raised by subscription of Reformers, was
given, carried home, and on the very first occasion the
man whose declamation on a former day that he was
prepared to vote black white, iu support of Reform,
abandoned it. Private interest does not well assort
with public duty. We do not insinuate such a thing
against Joseph Hume, but we state the bare fact. The
parties who gave that dinner and presented that plate
feel that they have been deluded--they feel that they
have been deceived, and they are anxious to testify their
sentiments. Arrangements are now in progress for
calling a public meeting at the same place—the Crown
and Anchor, where lately Hume was feasted —to
declare the opinion of the people of Westminster, and to
proclaim their determination to support a Reforming
Government in opposition to Tory Machiavelis:n.
The Radicals have accomplished what they have
threatened—the removal of Lord Melbourne's Minis-
try from power. This consummation, which they have
declared was so devoutly to be wished, is perfected ;
and yet we perceive none of those manifestations of po-
pular rejoicing which attends the triumph of liberal
principles, or the defeat of unpopular men. We ask
those rash and inconsiderate men what advantage they
have gained for the onward progress of Reform mea-
sures by their vote on the Jamaica question ?
They have displaced a Whig Ministry to be
replaced by a Tory Administration. They have
gone the whole hog of folly. They have been
mainly instrumental in placing in power men who
have been all their lives opposed to everything
liberal, who have been equally the enemies of civil
and religious liberty, and who, by their opposition
to the measures of Lord Melbourne's Adminis-
tration have prevented the Cabinet of which he was the
chief of carrying out the principles which the Radicals
consider beneficial to the country, and by a perverse-
ness unexampled have put the reins of power in the
hands of the very men who were obstructives in the
way of improvement. A Tory-Radical has been hitherto
a mere appellative—a term of reproach—an ideal cha-
racter. These gentlemen have given the term a reality
—they have personified the idea which was attached to
the word. As they have sown so shall they reap. In
a few months (should the Tories continue so long in
power) they will have ample reason to repent their folly.
What chance is there that any one of the measures
which the Radicals advocate will be effected by the
Ministerial agency these misguided persons have called
into political authority ? They have shown, indeed,
what their enemies often asserted, that they were effec-
tive for mischief. Can they prove to the country or to
their constituents that they possess the means of repair-
ing the injury-which they have done ? We leave them
for the present to settle this matter with their own con-
sciences—they have time for reflection. Repentance
comes too late ; and when they regard the effect of
their conduct, we ask them to test its utility by the em-
phatic interrogatory of the Roman pleader, " Cui
boner—Morning Advertiser.

The Morning Post, by way of corroborating, we
suppose, the assertion of the Times about the progress
of the new Ministerial arrangements, tells its readers
that, " up to a late hour last night, nothing had been
definitively concluded as to any offices in the new Mi-
nistry, except the highest," which, it states, will be filled
by Sir R. Peel, as if that was not as much a matter of
course, as that the Whig Administration should be fol-
lowed by a Tory one. "In the formation of his second
Administration," observes the Post," there is no reason
to apprehend that Sir Robert Peel will have any im-
portant obstructions to remove or any serious difficul-
ties to surmount ; nor is it probable, when formed, that
it will encounter in Parliament an opposition so inve-
terate or so factious as that which assailed and over-
threw the former Ministry of this accomplished states-
man. The first question by which the disposition of
the House of Commons to support the Queen's Go-
vernment will be put to the test will probably be
that of the election of a successor to the chair
vacated by the resignation of the present Speaker.
It is understood that Mr. Goulburn will be proposed by
the Conservative Minister; and the rejection of a gen-
tleman so well qualified by his great experience and
knowledge of business, and by his intimate acquaintance
with the forms and practice of the House, to perform
the duties of the office, or resistance to his election by
a very powerful minority, would naturally be understood
to intimate the necessity of an immediate appeal to the
people of England for adequate support to the Admi-
nistration of the Queen's choice."

The Times of this morning informs us that " the
necessary steps towards the formation of a new Minis-
try have been in regular, and by no means dilatory,
progress" since the publication of its last number, a
piece of information, the latter part of which we beg
our readers to receive with a certain cautious degree of
incredulity. Sir Robert Peel may be an expert Cabinet-
maker, but it is not a piece of hasty patch-work
that will answer his purpose, and it will require
all, and perhaps more than all, his skill to con-
struct, out of the materials at his disposal, a great part
of which is rotten to the core, a machine adequate to
the exigencies of his present position. After magnify-
ing the power and union of the Opposition with a more
than usual disregard of truth, and misrepresenting the
comparative numbers and objects of the Reformers,
whom it divides into British Radicals with 150 votes,
Whigs with 130 votes, and O'Connellites with between
60 and 70 votes. The Times concludes its leading
article with the following appeal to the what-will-you-
get principle, which shows clearly enough the solidity
of the foundation and the breadth of bottom, on
which the new Administration is to stand :
" The facts and considerations above enumerated will
modify of necessity the future relations of the parts
composing the actual House of Commons. The Mi-
nistry having burst from its own internal discords, all
pledges to it as a Ministry are now terminated, all the
parties engaged to it are henceforth free. The Whigs
did not, as we said before, fall in battle ; they fell asun-
der from intrinsic weakness and decay. We put it,
therefore, to any one or more clear-sighted Members of
Parliament, what will they get by opposing the Ministry
of Sir Robert Peel ? What alternative is there ?

here are the materials for any other Government ?
Whiggery, Radicalism, and depraved Popery, each ar-
rayed in its utmost strength, formed the elements of the
Melbourne-O'Connell Ministry. What, we ask again,
has come of it ? Scattered to the winds. Never was
break-up of a forced and repugnant system of machi-
nery so consummate as this. The blow is irretrievable.
As to the arrangements of the new Ministry, which are
committed to Sir Robert Peel, nothing was known at
midnight, except that the Right Hon. Baronet was
busily engaged in forming them."—Times.

The Morning Herald descants with its usual sense-
lessness and perversity on the personal qualities of some
of the leading political men of the day. "No Prime
Minister," says our Contemporary, ‘: during the last
forty years, has enjoyed. the opportunity of selecting
coadjutors from a wider circle of able and accomplished
statesmen. It is a strange fact—yet a fact that few
Whigs or Whig-Radicals may venture to deny—that
nearly all the available talent in Parliament is Conser-
vative. In the House of Lords,it were vain to look along
the Ministerial benches for political leaders, whom the
rankest Whig vanity would venture to place in the same
category with the Duke of Wellington, Lord Aberdeen,
Lord Ripon, Lord Wharncliffe, Lord Ellenborougb,

,„-_,-._ -.,-, -....,„
AK--....;,' -,i,iii --__
- AZ' ,
~..,... F•?-

EVENING ED

and Lord Lyndhurst. In mere power ‘6tes44eitifinir
out of view, for a moment, their othei\
eft'
rated, statesmen—the Noble Lords whom -**4",
House."
rated, are universally felt to be far Viasideratonix
of Lord Melbourne's supporters in the Upper
What must Goody Goodrich and the Elephant think
when they find themselves ranked among debaters !
Why, had such a piece of information reached them
from any other quarter, it would have absolutely turned
their heads. Lord Aberdeen, too, a man who can
never open his mouth but in a prepared speech, and
then is the most prosing and tedious of twaddler*. Lord
Wharncliffe, we believe, never made above two speeches
in his life ; and as for the Duke of Wellington and
Lord Lyndhurst, if the one brings weight of cha-
racter to the new Administration, he brings no ora-
tory ; and if the other brings oratory he brings
no character, or, what is worse, a very bad one.
The Herald having exhausted its eulogistic powers on
the galaxy of talent which surrounds Sir Robert Peel,
asks the rather interesting question—Whether, v ith
all this talent, the Right Hon. Baronet will be ably to
carry on the Government with the present House of
Commons? And then proceeds, after the following
fashion, to harp upon the same string as that touched
by the ntzes

" In considering this question, we must bear in min

that every House of Coinmons contains a certain nem
tar of trimmers; and that the trimmers of the pret-e4i
!louse will lose no time in ranging themselves on the
side of Sir Robert Peel, as they hove, till now, done
on the side of Lord John Russell. In the next
place, many supporters of Lord John Russell's Govern-
ment have, of late, exhibited symptoms, that their
tendencies are decidedly Conservative; and but fur the
not unnatural unwillingness to renounce the claim's of
party, Sir Robert Peel's ranks, it can scarcely be
doubted, would, long ago, have been swelled by the
accession of nearly all the Parliamentary representatives
of the old Whig families throughout the country. The
Whigs proper—the Contitutional Whigs—may now,
almost to a man, be expected to join Sir Robert's banner ;
nay, more wonderful things have come to pass than would .
be presented to the world if Lord John Russell himself
should head the detachment, and take his place in the rear
of the new Minister. If, however, a factious spirit of op-
position to the Conservative Government should display
itself in the House of Commons, Sir Robert Peel has, in
his hands, the means of subduing some of the most refrac.
tory amongst his opponents. A dissolution of Parliament
would banish from the House of Commona, for ever, at
least one-third of the Whigs and Whig-Radicals, who new
swagger in that assembly. A dissolution of Parliament
would, in all probability, secure to Sir Robert Peel an ad-
dition of at least ono hundred to the list of his present sup-
porters in the House of Commons. The fear of a dissolu-
tion will operate, undoubtedly, to the repression of factious
opposition to the government of Sir Robert Peel. A new
House of Commons mast, of course, be summoned, at no
distant period, to grapple with the difficulties which Lord
Melbourne's Government has created ; but the present re-
presentative body may easily (according to ordinary calcu-
lations) be managed during the remainder of the present
session."

We think it would not be easy to find a better speci-
men of self-stultification than that which is contained in
the above extract.

GOLD•DUST ROBBERY.

On Tuesday, at Lambeth-street Office, after the other
charges had been disposed of, Henry Solomons, Lewin
Caspar, Ellis Caspar, Henry Moss, Amelia Moss, and Sa-
rah Levy, who bad been remanded on a charge of stealing
two boxes of gold-dust of the value of four thousand six
hundred and forty pounds, together with Emanuel Moses,
or " Money Moses," as he is more familiarly called, land-
lord of the Black Lion public-house, in Vinegar-yard, near
Drury-lane Theatre, and bis daughter, Mrs. Alice Abra-
hams, both of whom were taken into custody that morn-
ing, were placed at the bar for further examination.
Previously to the examination being entered on, Lea,
the officer, unlocked a small deal box which he had a short
time before brought to the office in a hackney-coach,
and took from it five large bars of gold, weighing within
six ounces of 701b5., and of the value of over 3.6001., and
which formed a part of the produce of the two boxes of
gold-dust that had been stolen. This exhibition ex-
cited a considerable curiosity among all present, and on
observing the treasure before him, Mr. Pnillips remarked
to Mr. Hartley, the prosecutor, " Mr. Hartley, that's an
old friend with a new face," which remark excited a good
deal of laughter.
Mr. Clarkson said, that it was with much satisfaction he
had to inform the Bench, that since the last examination
the prosecutor and the gentleman engaged in the present
prosecution had received such information as enabled them
to place the five bars of gold now produced, and which it
would be most satisfactorily shown were part of the stolen
treasure, before them. He (Mr. Clarkson) held in his
hand written statements of considerable importance as
connected with the proceedings ; but as the disclosure of
their contents, at present, might materially impede the ends
of justice, the course which he purposed pursuing was, to
place these documents in the hands of the Magistrates for
their private perusal. After the Magistrates had read
them over, it would be then his (Mr. Clarkson's) duty to
apply to them for warrants for the apprehension of those
parties to whom he had before alluded.
The following witnesses were called and examined :
Mr. W. D. Haggett, the chief clerk in the Bullio u-
office of the Bank of England, stated that in March last
he had received by post a letter from Falmouth, apprising
him that three boxes of sold were coming by waggon,
and that six others had arrived there, but with no direc-
tions as to how the latter were to.be brought to town. Four
out of these six boxes has been subsequently delivered to
kim, and the remaining two were to come through the
agency of Messrs. Carno of Falmouth, and would in duo
course arrive in town on the 23th of March. These he
bad never received.

Mr. J. Hawkey said—l am pay-clerk in the. Batik of
England. On the 2d of April last a Bank-note for 3001.
was presented me for change. [A 3001. note was here
produced by Lea, and identified by the witness as the
same.] It was presented by a person who represented
nhainmiseell,
Henry to be
Solomons,named poSroeliogrnnoxniso,neyanFxedlang
i3tboer_eotfiethee
53, Strand," on it. He (witness) gave in change for it'
twenty notes for 10/. and twenty for 5/. each, as th change.
[The witness here read over the numbers and dates of
each of these notes, and identified two Si. and thirteen 10/.
notes, which were produced by Roe, the officer, as forming
part of those he had specified.] These notes Roe had
round on or received from the prisoner Moss.
The next witness called was John Dame, who was exa-
mined by Mr. Clarkson. The witness, who was well
dressed, and had the appearance of being a respectable
young man, stated that in the early part of the present
year he was in the service of the prisoner Solomons. Re-
collected Easter Tuesday, the 2d of April (the day after
the robbery), and his being sent out on business to
Messrs. Cook and Johnson's, in Hatton-garden, gold
refiners, and on returning to his master's about two o'elock
with some money, he found the prisoner Mrs. Abrahams
there. She and his master were in the back workshop in the
Strand, where there were then furnaces and crucibles for the
purpose of it elting down gold and silver. He observed that
there were two crucibles on the fire, and saw Mrs. A. give
Mr. Solomons some lumps of gold which he put into the
crucible and melted down in the ordinary way. Mrs.
Abrahams left the workshop after the quantity of gold
which she gave Mr. Solomons was melted, and went into
the front shop and returned in about half an hour with
more. This she did four or five times, bringiiig gold each
time, which was also melted in like manner. She (Mrs.
Abrahams) carried the gold in her bosom and a sort of
pocket in front of her person ; and the last time she came
she turned the pocket out, and shook the small rem-
nants of the gold on a piece of paper, and this was aim
melted down by him (witness). The prisoner -took
the result of each melting into the shop, where Mr.
Solomons, his master, was, but what had passed be-
tween them he did not know. The last time she went
into the shop she returned to where he (witness) was, and
gave him half a sovereign. On the same evening witness
melted about 70 ounces of silver with a part of the gold,
none of which had been taken away by Mrs. Abrahams, but
could not say what was the proportion of silver to the gold.
Before the melting of this he melted a bar Which was
mixed with silver gilt lace, which was seat by Mr. Solo-
mons, son., to Messrs. Cook and Johnson, and on the next
morning melted six bars more with which be seized some
pieces of Russian copper coin, which bad the effect of ,
changing their colour. This was on the Wednesday.
Two of those bars so mixed with copper were sent by Mr.
Solomons, one to Messrs. Bult and Son, Cheapside, on
the same day, and another bar, which was alloyed wish
silver, was, with the four alloyed with copper, put into an
iron chest; but on the following day they were removed from
there by witness, and placed in a boa belonging to himself
in a top room in the house, where they remained until that
(yesterday) morning, when he delivered them to Loa, the
officer. The bars p oduced are the same. On the Friday
after the Tuesday on which the bar of gold was sold to
Messrs. Cook and Johnson, witness, by the directioi of Mr.
Solomons, went to its purchasers to tell them that. unless
they were going to refuse it he was to pay
money they had given for it and take it away, b▪
ut wase
that it could not be got back, as it was the banker
at the time undersi
the process of being refined. The witness furothses a
t stt isatehd,
that he had seen the prisoner Emanuel me
master's shop about the Tuesday previous to his daughter
taking the gold there. He was in the shop, he Solo-
mons was at the time, but he could not take ▪ t on
say what passed between them, as be wasthe'w back h mto
shop
in
oat f
lt
ahreg tei m
notes,e .
bHye
direction
tsaidio n tohf aht
sh he ha
as
tde
re_
,hiannt go eado
vae
rnumber
ere being
agas
ienv several
witlotebseseinagtoaftbe the
offiaminceed, htohuers
mended. 'p
rai snodn rhse wre
The office during the proceeding was crowded to excess.

CORN AVERAGES.
GENERAL AVERAGE PRICIB OF BRTISH CORN,
For the Week ended May 3, 1939, made up from thc Returns of
the inspectors in the different Cities and 'fawns ifiEnglaan and
Wales, per imperial Quarter.*
I
Wheat ...... ... 716. Oci. 1 Oats ......... 945. Ild. Beans..., 06, ot
Barley 406. N. I Rye .... ..... 40s. tld. Pease ... :.. ...3ps. id.
IMPERIAL AGGREGATE AVERAGES OF THE F:ir
-- WELX6
PRECEDING.
Wheat
70s. let. Oats ......... 245. 7d. I Beans ..,,..,..575. B+.
Barley 3ls. I Ild Rye ......... 40s. 2d. 1 Pease ......... ws. oci.
DUTIES ON FOREIGN CORN.
Wheat lO6. Bd. I Oats ,1
Barley 4s. 10.1.1 Rye ......... 9s. ed. I pease .•••••.4s. Od.
......... 126. 4g.

THE MARKETS.--(TATS DAY.)
HAY MARKET.
Supplies good and so was the demand. Hay 70s. to 955. and
1035. ; Clover 80s. to 100 s. and 115 s. ; Straw 38s. to 441. per
load.

Mr. LOVETT moved the adoption of the address.
Mr. O'CONNOR in seconding the address, said that
Mr. Sankey had not found out even a technical objec-
tion against it, for if people had not arms, what would
be the necessity of keeping them bright. He thought that
the Convention, and the country were under immense
obligations to Mr. O'Brien for the very able document
which he had produced, and which he hoped would be
unanimously agreed to. It was said by all, even Sir
Boyle Roach, that the best way to preserve peace was
to be always prepared for war, which he thought
was a doctrine inculcated by this address. This
address was necessary, in order that the people
should not be without some guide as to the
way in which they should act in this very important
crisis. Every one knew that the Tories would be as-
sisted by the Whigs in many instances against the peo-
ple's exertions in the cause of liberty. Every one knew
that O'Connell would also assist them in striving to
put down the Chartists. Has not that political scoun-
drel boasted that Ireland cannot only afford to send the
3 regiments which she has already sent, but will give 3
more for the same object as that with which those
were come to this country. It is impossible that three
parties can exist in the State, there can be only two,
and as one of those is already down it was their duty to
keep them so.—(Hear and cheers.) If ever they came
into existence again, or if ever they came up, it must be
with the people. If ever that party should promise to
take Power again, they must come into the arms
of the Chartists ; if ever they obtain that station from
which they have been hurled, it would only be through
the aid of the Radical forces. It is not the powerful
that the
new Government will attack, they will be sure
to put down the weakest ; and master Daniel, though
he seems not toe wthj k 80, will be the first person that
will be assailed—HDe
iel will
(Hear, hear.snot be attacked in his (len.—
succho fool as to be gulled by
either Whig or Tory. They
assault will be made on poiertyed not be deceived—the
bYrorperty.—(Cheers.)
The middle classes will assist the Torie ass much wiullchalsaos
thethe
Whigs, for the Tories will protect them a
Whigs did.—(Hear.) It will be the union of the few

Mr. CARDO said in his district, the parish of Maryle-
bone; the people were as 10 to 1 in favour of the
People's Charter.
Mr. SKEVINGTON said in his part of the country
(Loughborough) the people were with them as 20 to 1.
Let the Convention be firm and unanimous, and they
must gain their ends.
Mr. FENNY was for peaceful agitation so long as they
were allowed to continue it ; but when they were to be
put down with the bayonet, it became the duty of every
one to resist such tyranny by all the means in his power.
—(Cheers.) He would not go out of his way 10 yards
either to court or to meet a collision, but let it come,
and he trusted the people would be prepared.
Mr. SANKEY said he felt it necessary to put the Con-
vention on their guard as to the course to be adopted
in reference to this address. He submitted that though
the address, taken by itself, might not be objectionable,
yet, taken in connection with other circumstances—the
exciting language of many who supported it—the tone
of debate—all these taken together, might make out
such a case that a lawyer might consider the address
as illegal. He appealed to Mr. O'Connor, as a law-
yer, whether this was not a true statement of the case.
With respect to what fell from Mr. Burns and Mr.
Halley as to the people of Scotland. he would tike leave
to corroborate it, as he knew what they said to be true.
As to Mr. Halley's constituents, he had the pleasure of
being acquainted with them, and he could bear testi-
mony to the working men of Dunfermline as some of the
most intagent men, tind the best acquainted with poli-
tical principles. In fact, were recourse had to siolence,
three fourths of the people of Scotland would leave this
movement. He (Mr. Sankey) had used strong lan-
guage, had used constitutional language, and spoken
often in the ardour of his feelings in strong indignation
when viewing the oppression under which the working
classes were ground down. For himself, however, he
would say when he entered this movement, lie had every
confidence that the great objects would be carried with-
out bloodshed. Had he thought otherwise, he would
not have taken part in so common and ordinary a course
of action. He hoped, and he still trusted that a move-
ment commenced by the virtuous working classes would
have this singular honour of being accomplished without
bloodshed : that for once a revolution might be enrolled
on the page of history unstained by crime.
Mr. WOODHOUSE said he was against the rich arm-
ing against the poor, and against the poor arming against
the rich ; but the fact was, the rich and middle classes
were armed to put down their meetings, therefore it
was absolutely necessary that the people should be pre-
pared. He knew hundreds and thousands in Nottingham
who dared not sign the petition, and many who had sub-
scribed to the rent under the signature of a friend, be-
cause they dared not let their names be known. The
Secretary of the Working Men's Association had been
turned out to starve, and compelled to go elsewhere to
seek for work ; and he himself had been crushed and
ruined, therefore it was necessary that the people
should be prepared for the worst. He was against
the use of physical force, but it was neces-
sary to meet physical force by physical force.
He could assure the Convention that if he were to re-
turn to Nottingham, after stating that physical force
ought not to be used under any circumstances, as Dr.
Wade had done, his life would not be safe. He was
an enemy to any outbreak, unless it should be forced
upon them by the tyrannical conduct of the Govern-
ment, and then it would be their duty to make use of
their own strength.
Mr. MILLS said that in every movement with which
he had ever been connected, he had always found that
those who were the moat loud-mouthed were the
worst in action. He was surprised to hear per-
sons boast of the courage of patriots, who dare
not sign the petition. Two months would show
whether the prudent portion of the Convention were
right or not. Why did they talk about arms, if they
did not wish the people to use them. He would do all
he could to obtain their object, but he would do it in a
legal and constitutional way.
Mr. JONES was of opinion that they were decidedly
not in a majority. In many agricultural counties agi-
tation was nearly unknown, and it was upon that ground
he should oppose the Address. He had no objection
to recommend the people to arm individually, but
he would not jeopardize the Convention, by recom-
mending it in his capacity as a Member of the Con-
vention.
Mr. DIALING believed• they had the majority, and
would have while the present system of Government
continued, because it created poverty, distress, and dis-
satisfaction. It was wealth pitted against labour, and
the people could not submit to be starved in a land of
plenty, created by their own hands.
Mr. CARPENTER said that the address could not
fairly be charged with the speeches which had been
made upon it. He was against the Convention recom-
mending the people to arm, which he believed the ad-
dress did not ; he put a totally different construction
on it, and would support it with one alteration, which he
thought calculated to get rid of all the objections urged
against it. He would, after Mr. Sankey's amendment
should be disposed of in the manner in which he
trusted it would be, move that the words " with
those arms," be omitted. With regard to the ques-
tion as to the majority or the minority, it had been
introduced into the Convention on a former occasion in
consequence of some remarks in the Birmingham Jour-
nal, and those very gentlemen who now talked of a ma-
jority then said they would have nought to fear since
they had a majority, unless the petition should receive
three million and a half of signatures, and that unless
this number were obtained, the House of Commons
would repudiate it, and yet these same persons now said
they had a majority with them. He was more desirous
for the organization of. the people than if he were certain
that they had a majority ; they ought to prosecute I
