~ f,~

CONTRACTS FOR. RUM, PEAS, COCOA, TO-

BACCO, &c.
VICTUALLING-OFFI CE, MAY 2, 1831.

AHE Commissioners for Victualling His
Majesty's Navy, Ikc, de hereby give Notice, that
on THURSDAY, the 12th instant, they will be ready to re-
ceive Tenders in writing (sealed up), and treat for the
Supply of the following Articles, to he delivered into his
kajvsty's Victualling Stores at Deptford, viz.:--
Articles. Quantity. Peri.o,(lof De-
lie ry.
RUM 100,000 Gallons 1
PEAS 5OO Quarters One.half of
COCOA 4O Tons each by the
OATMEAL '2o Tons 30th inst., and
SOAP 5O Tons the remainder
BUTTER 5 Tons by the 23th
CHEE,E lO Tons June next.
TOBACCO ..Y.) Tone • J

Samples of the Peas, Cocoa, and Oa.neal, must be
produced by the party tendering, but those for Soap and
Tobacco, together with the Conditions of the Contracts,
may be seen at this Office. •
Each Tender must specify the price in words at length,
and be delivered before One o'clock on the day appointed ;
and the Person who makes the Tender, or some Person
on his behalf, must attend to answer when called for.
M. WALLER CLIFTON.

TO THE GENTLEMEN, CLERGY, AND FREE-
HOLDERS OF THE COUNTY OF BEDFORD.

GENTLEMEN,
MR. STUART having announced his in-
tention of not proceeding to the Poll on Monday
Morning, I lose not a moment in returning you my most
fervent thanks for the proud situation in which you have
placed me.
I should feel overwhelmed in contemplating the weighty
responsibility which I incur, did I not know that you
have gained in the cause a thousand times more than you
can possibly lose in the Representative.
I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,
Your most obliged and obedient humble servant,
Bedford, Saturday Night, May 7. PETER 13, AYNE.

TO THE FREEHOLDERS OF THE COUNTY OF

BEDFORD.

GENTLEMEN,
1 N the political struggle which has just been
terminated, by the resignation of Mr. Stuart, you
joired my name with Sir Peter Payne's, for the avowed
object of sending to Parliament two Representatives,
pledged to maintain the essential principles of the Reform
Bill.

The contest was •entirely your own—you entered upon
• it with firmness—you conducted it with courage—and
' you carried it through, in a spirit of temper and modera-
tion, unexampled in the history of Bedfordshire contested
Elections. To you, therefore, belong all the honour, and
all the glory of the triumph you have achieved.
I canvassed no votes—l provided no conveyance—l em-
ployed no professional Counsel—you formed a Committee
to direct all legal and necessary expenses—you came spon-
taneously to the poll, and recorded your names among the
assertors of British freedom.

After this, can it again be said that the people are unfit
to choose their own Representatives?
For my own part, I am at a loss to find words suffi-
ciently strong to convey to you the admiration with which
your conduct has inspired me, or the gratification I derive,
personally, from having been again, and under such cir-
cumstances, the object of your choice.
I thank you for your continued confidence ; and I re-
main, with the warmest feelings of respect and attachment,
Your faithful friend and servant,
TA VISTOCK.
Oakley, Saturday Night, May 7.

TO THE FREE AND INDEPENDENT BURGESSES

OF TRURO.

GENTLEMEN,
ACCEPT our most cordial acknowledg-
ments for your attendance in overwhelming numbers
• on our behalf, at the poll of yesterday :—those numbers,
Comprising householders engaged and interested in the
trade of Truro, and constituting a most valuable class of
active. substantial, and legal legal electors of the Borough,
were rejected under obvious dictation, its favour of ten in-
dividuals, several of whom neither reside within the
Borough, nor contribute to its burthens.
This is the last act, it is to be hoped, of that flagitious
and corrupt system, which has been the scourge of this
once happy country; the revenues of which have been
plundered, its energies repressed, its liberties abridged,
and the Sovereign himself insulted on his throne, by the
dai ing turbuli.nce and audacious pretensions of noble and
ignoble Boroughmongers, seeking to perpetuate for their
own sordid purposes, an infamous traffic, in what should
constitute a Briton's proudest privilege, the right of choos•
ing his own representative. .
The many flagrant irregularities attending this election,
will impose on us the necessity of appealing to Parliament
for redress; unless, by the succe•sful result of the recent
elections wherever the voice of a united people could avail,
that appeal shall be superseded by the passing into a salu-
tary law of Reform, the Bill, the whole Bill, and nothing
but the Bill.
We remain with unfeigned sentiments of gratitude and
attachment to yourselves, and of devotion to our common
Cause, Gentlemen,
Your faithful and sincere Friends and Servants,
. . WILLIAM TOOKE,
HUMPHRY WILLYARIS.
Pearce's Hotel, sth May, 1831.

No. 41, LUDGATE-STREET.
THE Nobility, Gentry, and the Public ge-
nerally, are respectfully informed, that in conse-
quence of the extensive and increasing demand throughout
the United Kingdom and in Foreign Countries for
MOXON'S EFFERVESCENT MAGNESIAN
APERIENT,
(Sold in bottles at 29. 9d. and 49. 6d. each,)
The Proprietors (Messrs. MOXON and SMITH, Che-
mists, Hull,) have been induced, by the great facilities of
communication which the metropolis presents, to open a
Depot, as above, where all orders, Wholesale, Retail, and
for Exportation, will meet with prompt attention.
For the convenience of the Public, Messrs. Moxon and
Smith have appointed agents in various parts of the Town,
as under :-.-Mr. Sanger, Oxford-street; Johnson, Corn-
hill ; at the Medical Hall, Piccadilly; Stradling, Royal
Exchange ; Gifford, Strand ; Bost, ck, Red Lion-street ;
Grounds, Threadneedle-street; White, Haymarket; Tin-
dale, Crawford-street; Smith and Hand, Gower-street,
North ; Complin, Bishopsgate-street ; Dinniford, Old
Bond-street; Marriner, Cheapside ; Lowden, Fleet-
street ; Green, Kennington Common ; Withers, Clap-
ham; King, Great Portland-street; Kiddie, Great
Russell-street, Covent-garden ; Richardson, Islington ;
Hartley and Co., St. John-street, Smithfield; and all the
Wholesale Medicine Warehouses.

IN the morning of Life, when the blandish-
ments of passion " take the reason prisoner," it is
an evil more to be lamented than wondered at, if, in the
vortex of deceptive pleasure, the unhappy traitor against
the laws of nature pays in lonely disappointment a fearful
exaction for his rebellion in the compromise of his mental
as well as bodily powers. To all persons so circumstanced
as to require the professional aid of men of experience,
whose time has been for twenty years studiously and suc-
cessfully devoted to the complaints arising from nervous
debility, whether natural or acquired, GOSS and CO.
proffer the most consolatory assurances. The youth who
has enervated his frame by the strangely fascinating sin,
which the poor victim of folly will too readily comprehend
without further description, may find relief from his misery,
and be kindly taught to regain his lost place in the scale of
creation. The sufferer who, frora another extreme of in-
dulgence, has with unbashful forehead, wooed debility,
may learn to renovate nature, and repair his abused con-
stitution. The man of pleasure exposed to and suffering
from Lues Venerea, however aggravated by malpractice of
the quack, or the concealment from diffidence, may find
a certain restoration ; and finally in cases where the delay
of a connubial pledge has almost extended disappointment
to despair, they offer to the married female those hopes
which she can reasonably appreciate.
Messrs. GOSS and Co. are to be consulted, as usual,
every day, at their house; and patients in the remotest
parts of the country can be treated successfully on describ-
ing minutely the case, and enclosing a remittance for Ad-
vice and Medicine. No difficalty can occur as the Medi-
cine will be securely packed, and carefully protected from
observation.

GOSS and Co., M.R.C. Surgeons,
No. 11, Bouverie-street, Fleet-street, London.

v Just published (Tw, ntieth Edition), 1. The iEgis
of Life, a familiar commentary on the above Diseases.-2.
The Syphilist, a popular tr atise on Luss Venerea,
Hygeiana, addressed exclusively to the Female
Sex. May be had at 23, Paternoster-row, London ;
Porter, 72, Grafton-street, Dublin ; 86, Trongate, Glas-
gow ; at 9, Calton street, Edinburgh ; Wrightson, Bir-
mingham ; Duffield, Bath ; Reid, Bristol ; Weller, Chel-
tenham ; Loder, Brighton ; Wood, Huntingdon ; Hatt,
Cambridge ; Trewman, Exeter ; Deck, Ipswich ; Hobson,
Leeds; Gore and Son, Liverpool ; Sswler, Manchester ;
Platt and Todd, Sheffield ; Bacon and Co., Norwich ;
Haldon and Lew rides, and Slatter, Oxford ; Brodie and
Dowding, SaliAury; and of all Bookoelleru—Priee
sash.

No. 12 063

LONDON WEDNESDAY

In a few days will be published,
M-11-EMORIALS of the
Constirtviona STUART
DYNASTY, including. the l an,
Ecclesiastical Hi:tory of England from the decease of
Elizabeth to the abdication of James H.

By ROBERT :VAUGHAN,

Author of '' The Life awl Opinions of Wycliffe."

In composing the above work, the Writer has given a
careful attention to the most authentic sources of infer.
nation ; and his endeavour has been to separate the story
A* our liberties and religi,n, under the Stuart Princes
from the partial colouring frequently bestowed upon it, ane
to place it within a space that may be inviting to de
eneral reader.

Holdsworth and Ball, IS, St. Paul's Church-yard.

GENERAL ELECTION.

TRURO.

The election for this borough having been fixed
for Tuesday, 3d May, Mr. H. WO;yams and Mr
W. Tooke, the popular candidate., entered the
town on Monday, and were received at the entrance
:if it by an immense concourse of people who dress
their carriage into Truro, preceded by a large arid
excaent band of music, accompanied by appro-
priate banners, and cheered by the bright influence
of the ladies, smiling encouragement from every
window.

Rumours had prevailed that the members of the
Corporation intended to execute the work a4siuned
them with closed doors, but whatever might have
been their intention, the number and firm aspect of
the people inspired wiser coon-els, and at eleven
the doors were opened with an appalling rush. The
hall was instantly crowded to suffocation, and room
with ddlicuby obtained for the candidates, consisting
of Mr. Tooke arid Mr. Willyams on the one side of
the Mayor, and Lord Encomhe, one of the nomi-
nees of the Patron, on the other ; Mr. Peach being
ab•ent on account of the severe indisposition of a
near relative.

As soon as the Court was opened, Mr. Bennal-
lack, one of the capital burgesses, moved an ad-
journment to the Green, or some other equally con-
venient place for holding the election, instead of re-
maining in the close and inconvenient room in which
they were then crammed. This was demanded and
seconded with universal acclamation by the entire
assembly, with the exception of a few in a corner of
it, under whose influence, however, the Mayor de-
clined the proposition, thus evincing at this first
stage of the proceedings his steady adherence to the
orders received from the commanding officer at the
castle.

Proclamation being made, Mr. Daubuz nominated
Lord Encombe. Mr. Bennallack then proposed
Mr. W. Tooke, which was seconded by Mr. Bas-
tian. Mr. Edwards, in naming Mr. Peach, adverted
to the cause of his absence, after which Mr. Ben-
nallack, seconded by Mr. Reynolds, proposed 111 r.
Humphry Willyams.
The show of bands being taken on each name,
nine or ten only were held.up in favour of Lord En-
combe and Mr. Peach, and every other hand
throughout the hall was held up for Mr. Tooke
and Mr. Willyams.
Notwithstanding this enormous disproportion, the
Mayor applying his manifold•multiplying glass to
the hole and corner in queition, declared the greater
number of hands to be in favour of Lord Encombe
and Mr. Peach, and was about to pronounce them
as duly elec:ed, when a' poll was demanded by Mr.
Tooke, which, after every endeavour was resorted to
with a view to evade and elude the demand, was
ultimately conceded, and after much animated dis,-
cussion, the taking of such poll was adjourned until
the next morning at ten o'clock.

The candidates then in succession addressed the
meeting.
Lord ENCOMBE expressed his grateful sense of
the honour conferred on him by the eight or Dine
gentlemen in the corner, and stated his disposition
to serve the interests of Truro, and which he had
evinced by his endeavour to procure for it two
Members instead of the one to which it had been
reduced by one of the infamous schedules of the
Bill ; he then alleged that he voted for General
Gascoyne's motion, as seeking to obviate the dis-
proportion between the representation of England
as compared with Ireland, his Lordship having been
credibly informed that Mr D. O'Connell would re-
turn 23 Members for Ireland; this would lead, he
thought, to a repeal of the Union, which he anti-
cipated from a speech of Earl Grey, intimating
some plan in contemplation of arrangement of the
Irish Church, the disunion of which from the Church
of England would necessarily involve a repeal of the
Union.

Mr. TOOKE, after making some prefatory observa-
tions in vindication of himself from some false and
invidious imputations which had been industriously
circulated to his prejudice, by a very few interested
individuals, proceeded to address the meeting on
the great and important object for which it had been
convened. He stated that they were now assembled
under happier auspices than when they met for the
same purpose in August last. Then it was the effort
of an individual borough contendinc,fagainst a system
sanctioned by an administration hostile to the best
and dearest interests of the people,now, much owing
to the example Truro, had set, they were awing
simultaneously with every borough in the kingdom,
and encouraged in their legitimate object by the
paternal government of the best of Kings, as advised
by the wisest and honeatest Ministers with which
this country had ever been blessed. They with the
sanction of the crown had proposed the Bill Mr.
Tooke held in his hand, which when passed would
constitute the second Magna Charts of the empire,
it was safe and temperate in its principles and
simple in its details, it had conciliated the un-
qualified approval of the whole people of Eng-
land with the single exception of a factious band
of oligarchic boroughmongers who were prepared
to sacrifice the welfare of the kingdoms to their
selfish interests, and had clubbed together an enor-
mous sum by way of benefit fund to indemnify one
another for their unhallowed gains. Lord Encombe,
in alluding to his vote on General Gascoyne's mo-
tion, had omitted to add that he bad also voted in
the notorious minority of three hundred in opposi•
tion to the principle of the Bill, his Lordship's ap-
prehension of the probable influence of Mr. O'Con-
neil were as futile and unfounded as his Lordship's
suggestion that any refcrat of the Church of Ire-
land, or even its ceasing to be the dominant esta-
blishment, would necessarily involve a repeal of the
Union, and respecting which it surely must have
escaped his Lordship's recollection that the different
doctrine, discipline, and revenue of the churches of
England and Scotland, had not interfered with the
existence and benefits derived from the union be-
tween the countries. Mr. Tooke then stated his
having redeemed his pledge of petitioning on the
former occasion ; that petition had failed only by the
casting vote of the Chairman, and the failure could
excite but little surprise when it was considered that
five of the members of that Committee were inte-
rested parties by sitting for rotten boroughs, every
one of which, by a singular coincidence, was pro-
posed to be abolished by one of the schedules which
Lord Encombe, with more zeal than judgment, had
stigmatized as infamous. Mr. Tooke accounted for
not having proceeded on that part of the petition
tonot tn o o seat
wisht
th oe
have petitioners,
anted
which applied to the misconduct of the Mayor, the
effect of which would have been only to avoid the
election
! against the ex-Mayor, whose private character he
highly respected,
.by causing him to be•committed
viin nd additionictivly e
which
and
he
o

• .
4‘,, -,7,-
•.
-
• .„--
-- _
,
4": k:
\k• Oil: ,-.4.P. r 41; ,
/..'- ..A „y
'":.--7.! '7'--.'.*
~ 1
"...-A, .
714% ft., •
-4. - • , ~-.--,/-fz-----r--1,- •
i , 4
' "I
•., -;,---,,t . • \ "4.k. ~ - v : .
. ~.+4l el •, „ 0
,-,--,, - • -..:-
~.._..„ - ,
~. ~_ r. ~ ,• , -.
-, ' • -
• ',: . , ' r."
•o'l' s.' -5,",, I'l '-'•*-41*--,.:'-'- );-, --A " ,-.,,,,... .
• - • „
-- ,
~,,, -,,, • ~,,:
••• 4v
~.‘
yi 'le 4--------- .-----, , , ~,,
„_, --..:,,, .._,.,,,„ ~,.k. - 4..._
-......-. e .--iv -' • , -
_.,,..‘,, - 0 ..-,,L. -,..; ~ ~ --- --
...
i t ;,,,,:,p--cii-
tiv,,,,,,.......i...,,:_.!,' -...,,,,>„"..t,,,- 14.a,1,,,,1,,,- y--e4,;...,\iti__N . -11)1.1,
-0 I T 1 L.1,61'.

EVENING, MAY 11, 1831.

o Newgate, to which prison one-half of the Mem-
,ers of the late House of Commons might with
-,tich more justice have been consigned. We can-
lot follow Mr. Tooke through an elaborate recapi-
illation of the advantages of the proposed. Bill of
Iteform and of the brilliant era of peace and plenty,
if civil and religious immunities, of entire abolition
if slavery and of an improving progress of legi-
•lation in correspondence with the improved and
mproving progress of the intellectual energies of
he people, which a reformed House of Commons
would at once elicit, prcimukate, and secure.
On Wednesday the polling commenced, when to
,ave:time the popular candidates were content to
troll only twenty-four select burgesses, being the
oersons and number designated by the last detee-
-nitration of 1689, and who, undekdhe advice of
Serjeant Merewether, had previous to the dee.,
Hon tendered themselves to the Mayor, as willing
ond desirous of being admitted sworn members of
he Corporation. All these votes were rejected by
the Mayor, who allowed the ten given in favour of
Lord Encombe. and Mr. Peach, and Mr. Benallack'!:
vote in favour of Mv. Tooke and Mr. Willyams,
and therefore the Mayor declared Lord Eneornbe and
Mr. Peach duly elected, agaiest which Mr: Berd-
lack energetically protested, and called upon the se-
lect burgesses to exercise their undoubted right of
executing an indenture of return, which was imme-
diately effected; and although the Mayor, on its
he'ng tendered to him, declined to add his s'gnature,
it was completed and despatched to the Sheriff,
who, it is expected, will annex it to the precept,
and trinsmit it by way of double return to the
Crown-office.

The proceedings now closed with a protest on
the part of Mr. Tooke against the validity of the
election on the grounds—
]. That to constitute a valid corporate act, thirteen
capital burgesses ought to have voted on the occ
2. That of the ten who voted, four were altogether
non-residents.

3. That the Assessor had admitted himself to be the
confidential solicitor and agent of Lord Falmouth, the ac-
knowledged patron of the borough, and who thus, by such
agent, must be considered as having interfered in this
election in contravention of the Standing Resolution of the
House of Commons against so gross an outrage on its
privileges.

On✓the close of the poll 11r. Willyams addressed
the meeting. "So (said he) ends the first deal of
the second rubber. They mark honours, but we
have the cards, aye, and will play them too—that is,
after our adversaries have shuffled again ; then you
know they must cut—and run too--and after that
we will have a round game."—(Roars of laughter, in
►vhich even the risible faculties of the Mayor and
Corporation were excited.)

ESSEX.
(FIFTH DAY.)

• .

♦{

PRICE 7D.

fiat
ill
i.ct eh
the very
ihreearnyuy
an
selov oan
matil:s3e,lsverl
eeapapidipivizcod
clrnaatetienontisite. xactifel
it had
thLaha(eti
• • of •
was
d
measure, it would not have had
not been a sweeping
his support ; but he liked it because it would sweep
away bribtry and corruption, from whence had
flowed by far the greatest part of those evils which
had so long bowed this suffering country to the
*round.—( Cheer;.) W.th respect to the oilier epi-
thets which had. been bestowed upon the Bill, he
cast them back upon the authors of them, who had
far better claims to them. The people were not
robbers, for they only claimed theiterights which had
been taken away from them, and it was they who
resisted such claims, and not the people, who were
the robbers. If he should that day teceive at their
hands the honour of being entrusted with the keep-
4ug of their rights and liberties,—they might be as-
sitred he would ever be found faithful to their trust-
So long as the present Ministry strengthened and
supported the rights and the liberties of the people,
they should have his support, but no longer. The
*Ware of the people should be the point to *bleb
all his exertions should be direced ; that should be
the chief, his single purpose. (Upon the 'conclu-
sion of this speech, the meeting gave three cheers
for Throe kmorton.)
Mr. HALLET then addressed the meeting. He
would not then go into the subject or Reform, be-
cause his op.nions upon it were well known to them.
The fact was, that the present system was a corrupt
one,—a system which supported placemen and pen-
sioners,--which procured places for inefficient
people, and which made the people pay for all. But
the present Reform was said to be a sweeping one ;
and so it was, and that was the advantage of it
Those gentlemen who objected to it, however,
were for a moderate sweeping. Pray how would
they like to have their chimney only moderately
swept by a'Constitutional sweep who did not wish
to revolutionize ? or how would their ladies look if
Molly, the housemaid, only cleaned the room mode-
rately, and tried to excuse herself by saying that she
was as moderate in her cleaning as her master was
in his Reform ?—(Laughter.) He was told that a
Berkshire gentleman, whom they all knew (Mr.
Pusey), going along the road the other day, met a
simple yeoman; to whom he said—" Well, my friend,
what do you think of Reform ?"—" Why, Sir,"
said the man, " I don't rightly know, but every
body speaks well of it, and so I suppose it must be
right." " Well," said Mr. Pusey, "lam a Re-
former, but I am a moderate Reformer. If your
teeth were rotten, still you would not like to have
them all pulled out, would you ?" " Yes, dang it,
Sir, but I should," said the man, " tor if they be
rotten, no good could come of them, and the sooner
they were alt got rid of the better." Now he thought
that Mr. Pusey got tolerably well answered. It was
in vain to try and deceive the people by calling this
a revolutionary measure. The simplest person would
see that men like Lord Grey,- Lord Holland, the
Duke of Norfolk, and many others who had estates
to lose, would not be such idiots as to support a
measure that would lead to revolution, and make a
general scramble. The measure was no revolution,
it was no new Constitution, unless any one could
show that the Constitution was " King, Lords, and
Boroughmongers," and not" King, Lords and Com-
mons." Then it was said that the measure would
affect the church ; but this was the greatest absurri y
of all. It did nothing against the church, and he
wished that he could say as much for the church.—
(Hear, hear.) They generally found that the curate
was more respected than the rector—and why ? It
was because the rector, while he preached on a Sun-
day, was squabbling all the week about tithe pigs.
Some of the clergy, too, were paid a great deal for
doing nothing, while others were paid very little for
doing a great deal. He should like to see the duties
and pay more proportionate.
A show of hands was now called for, when all
were held up in favour of Mr. Dundas and Mr.
Throckmorton, and the High Sheriff declared those
gentlemen to be duly elected to serve for the county
of Berks in the next Parliament.

The new Members severally returned thanks.
Mr. HALLET proposed a vote of thanks to the
High Sheriff. Cirried by acclamation.
The HIGH SHERIFF returned thanks.
Mr. DUNDAS begged to say one word more. By
this election, they would have enabled him to give
the third of a series of votes which he considered the
glory of his life. The first was, for the repea) of the
Test Act, the second for Catholic Emancipation, arid
the third would be a successful vote for Reform.—
(Cheers.) Would they now o. lige him farther, by
giving three cheers for his Majesty, and three cheers
for the ladies in the jury-box ?
The meeting complied with this request very
heartily, and added three other cheers for Reform, and
three for his Majesty's Ministers.
Dr. BOWLES proposed that the thanks of the
meeting be given to Mr. Hallet, for his handsome
conduct in retiring from the contest.—Carried with
three cheers.
Mr. HALLET returned thanks.

A Freeholder suggested that they had forgotten
one of their oldest and best friends,—he meant Mr.
Monck, and begged to propose three cheers for Mr.
Monck.

Mr. MONCK (who was received with the most en-
thusiastic cheerng) was obliged to them, and thanked
them for this compliment.
The new Members were then subjected to the other
ceremonies usual on such occasions, and were chaired
amidst the loud and exulting plaudits of the electors.
It is impossible to convey any notion of the una-
nimity and the joyous enthusiasm which prevailed
at this elrction.

Immediately after the dialling of the Members
was over, many of the electors set off to vote for the
Reform candidates who are contesting the neighbour-
ing county of Oxford.

CHELMSFORD, MAY 10.—The polling has not
been carried on to-ddy with the same briskness that
it has been on the preceding days of the contest.
Mr. LENNARD, on the part of Mr. Western, who,
on account of a slight indisposition, was not able to
attend, proceeded to address the freeholders, and to
thank them for the exertions which they continued
to make for his Hon. Friend and in behalf of the
great cause of Reform with which Mr. Western
was identified. He had to congratulate them on the
triumph which they were about to gain for that
cause in this county. They were engaged in a cause
which was not only the cause, of freedom, but of
virtue and good morals.—(A laugh from some of
Tyrell's supporters.) He was not surprised at that
laugh. It was the expiring wail of the borough-
mongers.7(Cheers.).. _ _

Colonel TYRELL aid not at all feel disheartened
by the events of the last two days. lie maintained
that up to the present moment it was a drawn battle,
and there yet remained 2,500 freeholders unpolled.
Now they had been told yesterday, that the clergy
in a body had come forward to support him (Colonel
Tyrell). Not one-fifth of them had as yet polled;
and as he was to have them all, a great deal was yet
to be done, and in fact they were now only com-
mencing the contest.

Sir F. AGAR said the election was already gained;
the cause was secure; but nevertheless let them not
relax in their efforts until the enemy was driven from
the field.—(Applause.)
Mr. LENNARD was far from rejecting the title of
Radical Reformer; but: he: rejects' it as defined by

rye gallant Colonel. He was a. Radical Reformer,
because he was for the -Bill, ani the who!e Bill.
After a brief address from Mr. Disney in favour of
Reform, and a few words of explanation from Colonel
Tyrell, the Court was adjourned till ten o'clock to-
morraw (this) morning.

MIDDLESEX.
(Continued from The Sun of yesterday.)
The Sheriffs of London and Middlesex opened
the proceedings, at ten o'clock, in the usual form.
Mr. Serjeant PELL hoped the meeting would allow
him to say a few work on the present state of
flings in this country. This was the proudest period
that England had ever known. The moment had
arrived, when a measure was about to be achieved, of
which, from his earliest infamy, he had been in some
form or other a most strenuous advocate. As a boy
he had sense enough to perceive that there was
sornethieg wrong, though lie could not tell precisely
whence it arose, or the particular direction which it
took. From the time of his becoming a man down
to the accession of his present Majesty, he had seen
going on day after day, year after year, Parliament
after Parliament, such a system of delusion, 'that if
the measure, which he believe& was now about to
be carried, Should by any unforeseen event fail of
succeis, he knew what would .happen to his country,
because, although Englishmen could beer a great
deal, there was a point beyond which endurance was
no longer a virtue.—(Applause ) By whom was
the measure to be opposed ? tie blushed ler the
character of some of his countrymen, when he per-
ceivel that the measure bad been opposed, and would
still be opposed, were it not fur the firmness of the
people, by as foul, corrup-, and sordid a body—he
meant the boroughmortgers—as ever crime bet een
the spirit of the Constitution and the -happiness of
the people.—( Applause.) Who were these people ?
They appeared to him to be a sort of political
mules. They had all the obstinacy of the ass, with-
out the dignity of the horse.—(Laughter.) They
might be known by their eats, by their impertinence,
and their stubbornness; and as long as they had
a hoof they would kick, unless the people stood up
against them as they did at the present moment.
The result of the late Cambridge election proved
that a certain set of men were opposed to Reform;
and whom he could have wished to have been a
little more quiet in days I:ke these. He should ill
discharge his duty if he took advantage of the pre-
sent occasion to say any thing offensive or malig-
nant of them ; but at the same time he should h ive
been better pleased if they had kept themselves
little more in the background. There was a third
set of men, whom lie thought he had a right to
allude to on the present occasion, and lie would do
so fearlessly—he meant certain persons in the legal
department, who, in his judgment, nether under-
stood the Constitution nor acted according to its
letter. He really could not look upon what had
been said or done by these individuals—some doubt-
less for what they conceived to be the good of the
country, but others from a desire to return to place,
without feelings-of the deepest regret. These indi-
viduals seemed to have forgotten that in this country
the Constitution rested on the full arid free repre-
sentation of the people, and that without the people
these lawyers would have been nothing. There
was one splendid exception to the coedit& of
most of the individuals to whom he had alltidedi--
lie meant Lord Chancellor Brougham. He had
always kept faith with the people. He was
doing so now by the exertion of his mighty
genius. A man more illustrious for his intellectual
powers never walked into the House of Commons
or the House of Lords. If it were possible for him
to stand higher than he did, on account of his beet.,
lectual acquirements, it was because he was the
friend of the people, and the people loved him. By
whom was the great measure of Reform supported ?
In the first place, it was supported by that mighty
engine in:a free country—a free Press. Some people
complained of the Press; one of those persons was
a man of high rank in this country, and formerly a
lawyer. He never heard that individual declare that
he was a friend of the Press, without his immedi-
ately after proving himself to be its direct enemy.
The measure of Reform was supported by a still
higher power—public opinion. From one end of
the kingdom to the other public opinion had de-
clared in favour of ‘• the Bill, the whole Bill, and
nothing but the Bill."—(Applause.) Public opi-
nion;eyprea‘rvnfeidsc)dtoiohninasd,tshoaaninde
experience. The
thatporf e present eh nhev
he knew
Frenchfsafest
w guidesperhaps,vie ambassador.rerwithtoanlafilari
Ind its`
lom' of
more
could be found in any minister that ever yet had
lived, or ever would live, and that was in public
opinion.—(Applause.) The great mass of the po-
pulation, boys, women, and men, were embattled
with the Reformers in order to bring to a succesful
issue the contest which had been so long going on.
On the side of the Reformers were ranged members
of the houses of Cavendish and Russell, whoseancient
ancestry was the admitation of every Englishman
who loved his country. They had bled for their
country on the scaffold, and fought - for it on the
field. Their descendants at the present moment
were fighting under the same banners, and daring
the same results.—(Applause.)—The reformers bad
also the King on their side. What a monarch he
was ! He was bred a sailor, and he displayed all
the characteristic spirit of that class of men who,
he might say, formed the bulwark of England:—
(Applause.)—He had pursued a straightforward
course, perfectly regardless of those woo assailed
him on the right or on the left. slaving made -up
his mind to support the measure, he was determined
to do so. When his Majesty dissolved the Melia-
merit, three weeks ago, he displayed an instance of
firmness greater than could be found in the annals of
England. He was assailed when he entered the
House of Lords with personal rudeness, by many
of those who had been raised to their present rank
by his father or brother.—(Applause)—There
never was such a scene exhibited as that which oc-
curred when his Majesty dissolved the Parliament.
This disgraceful conduct, too, was exhibited by men
who would spurn him off the footpath if they met
him. Whether the offensive and disloyal conduct
exhibited by these individuals arose from disap-
pointed or excited passions he knew not, but it
certainly, for a moment, obliterated the better feel-
ings of their heads and hearts, or they would have
remembered that Peers should be gentlemen. '1 he
electors of Great Britain were now about to form
a new Parliament, that would soon be succeeded by a
reformed Parliament, in which the people would be
fairly represented, for the rights of the people
was the leading principle which was to be found
in every page of the great measure. What
was to be expected after this great measure
should be carried into full effect ? He would de-
tain the meeting but a short time while he stated what
he hoped, and what he believed would take place. At
his time of life, it was not very likely that lie should
ever find himself upon the floor of the House of
Commons ; but if he should, as long as lie had a
head to understand, or a tongue to give utterance:to
the sentiments of his heart, he would never lose
sight of three or four great points. In the first
place, he would endeavour to abolish the odious
and revolting system existing ia some parts of the
British dominions—he hated slavery in every form.
When he saw that the men who opposed the free-
dom of our brethren of a different colour in the co-
lonies were also the opponents of the measure of
Reform, he could not help concluding that they
were the haters of freedom every where—and why?
Because freedom was like lightning ; if it touched
one place, it would another—(Applause)
trusted that he was as great a friend to private pro-
perty as any man ; he had a little himself, and he
would endeavour to preserve it for his children.
He had obtained it by honest industry, and he never
yet had known what it was to put his hand in the
public purse.—(Applause.) He could not, bogy'
ever, approve of the punishments which attached to
particular offences in this country..
think it right that our laws et.'4litterit'Eet'ani,:ispe'irci:.!
IDraco, be written in blood.
I jpaevsr
milder,
and
brnestkt ei irp4r o:;letc, tr eed
utbayt.k rendering.
inigt e lt.Ti
