IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS—(LAST NIGHT.)
Lord Pit4NTLEY took the usual oaths.
SIR JONAH I3ARTUNGTON.

The Duke of BUCKINGIIAII, as Lord Steward, and
the Earl of JERSEY, as Lord Chamberlain, returned
with the King's answer to the Address of the House,
praying the removal of Sir Jonah Barrington from
his office of Judge of the Admiralty Court of Ire-
land. His Majesty's answer was, that he was sorry
for the occasion which rendered their Address neces-
sary, and would comply with their request.
On the motion of the Earl of SIIAFTESEURY, the
Exchequer-bills Bill, the Administration of Justice
Bill in England and Wales, and the Sugar Duties
Bill, were read a third time and passed.
Earl GREY presented a petition from the con-
gregation of Salem Chapel, Leeds, for the abolition
of slavery.
The House then adjourned till Half-past Eleven
o'clock tomorrow morning.

HOUSE OF COMMONS
Lord P. L. GOWER laid on the table his Ma-
jesty's answer to the Address of the two Houses of
Parliament relative to the removal of Sir Jonah Bar-
rington from the situation of Judge of the High
Court of Admiralty in Ireland. His Majesty ac-
knowledged the receipt of that Address, and said that
he would give directions that Sir J. Barrington
should be removed according to its prayer.
Hie Majesty's answer was ordered to be entered
on the Journals.

• PRIVATE BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER said that the House would
perhaps permit him on this occasion, as he did not
know whether any other would occur previously to
the next Session of Parliament, to remind it of cer-
tain papers which had been laid on the table, on the
Bth of last March, for the purpose of regulating the
fees taken by the clerks of the House in the Private
Bill-office. He had looked through those fees item
by item with great attention, and after he had con-
sidered what was due, not only to the interests of
Individuals presenting petititions for private Bills,
but also to the interests of the officers of the House,
he had drawn up a schedule of fees, which, on his
proposal, bad been printed and laid upon the table.
They were to have been taken into consideration a
(my days ago; but the consideration of them had
been postponed in consequence of the Hon. Member
far Aberdeen having stated that he had a petition to
present complaining of the manner of conducting
private business in that House. That petition had
been now presented. It stood quite clear of the
subject of these fees, as it merely called upon the
House to make a change in the constitution of its
Committees. It was quite clear that any proposal
for making such a change must stand over to an-
other session; and it was equally clear that it could
hot be agreed to without considerable discussion and
deliberation. The papers which he had laid upon
the table were intended to ascertain the amount of
fees to be paid on every private Bill, and to insure
regularity in the progress of private business, and
in the demands of those officers of the House who
had any connection with it. Upon the aggregate
the fees would not be greater than those taken at
present. As the papers had been so long upon the
table without any Hon. Member having made any
objection to them, he trusted that some Hon. Mem-
ber would move that the House do now agree to
them, in order that the House and all parties inte-
rested might know the amount of fees which would
he enacted next Session.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
came forward in consequence of a call made upon him
by the Speaker. He addressed the Chair for some
time; but not a word that he tittered was heard iii
the gallery. We believe that he concluded by mov-
ing that these papers be now taken into consideration.
The SPEAKER said, that he was anxious that
the House should bear it in mind, that this schedule
would not increase the expellee of carrying a private
Bill through Parliament; on the contrary, it would
be found that in general it made a diminution of the
fees now levied. At any rate, it would enable
parties previous to their application to Parliament
to know the full amount of the fees which they
would have to pay in carrying the Bill through that
Rouse.

The papers were then taken into consideration.
Resolutions, declaring the fees contained' in them
to be the regular fees of the House, were then
agreed to, and ordered to be enrolled among the
standing' orders.
The SPEAKER said, that the next point to
which he wished to call the attention of the House,
was the difference Is hich existed in the time allowed
to intervene between the first and second readings
or Bills according as they came from England and
Scotland, or from Ireland. In the case of English
and Scotch Bills, the interval was three, and in the
ease of Bills affecting docks seven days : in the
case of Irish Bills the interval was always 21 days.
Owing to the rapidity with which communication
II"? Wit place between England and Ireland, there
was no reason why this interval should be so long.
lie should therefore propose to discharge the stand-
ing order which gave this greater interval to Ireland.
.The standing order was discharged accordingly.
The SPEAKER said, that the next alteration
which he had to propose related to Turnpike Bills.
By the standing order it was provided, that in all
cases where application was made to Parliament for a
Turnpike Bill, there should be previously deposited
in the office of the Clerk of the Peace a map of the
district which the intended line of road was to
traverse " on the scale of not more than five inches,
and not less than three inches, to a mile." In con-
sequence of this regulation, some Clerks of the
Peace had doubted whether they could receive maps
Which were on the scale of six or six and a half
inches to the mile. Now, though it might be de-
sirable to fix a minimum in such cases, it was quite
unnecessary to fix a maximum, especially' as the in-
creased size of the map was calculated to render
the matter in dispute more clear and intelligible.
Besides, the map must be drawn up at the expense
of the parties interested; and it was clearly their
interest to incur as little expense as the law would
:flow them in drawing it up. He proposed to strike
out of the order the words "not more than five
ches, and" thus leaving the minimum at three
inches to a mile.
"trie
A proposition to that effect was then made, and
unanimously.
The sp
hi , BAKER said, that the" last proposition
en he had to make to the House related to the
,ngOrtler.book, which was then in the hands of
v 'Jerk. He proposed to have the. standing orders
Properly arranged and reprinted; and he thought,
that if the House would allow it, he could promise
that should be ready for Hon. Members
at the
commencement. of the next Session of Parliament.
ibis proposition was also acceded to. •
ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE BILL.
The ATTORNEY. GENERAL, in moving that
the amendments made by the Lords to this Bill
would
be taken into consideration, said that he
%_pe take that opportUnity of setting aside a mil-
atp h_ension which had been very extensively
had ha
ed, that the amendments of their Lordships
veryi
_mraterially modified and altered the Bill.
of eettededed to show that the great principles
mo::rele.:;)111111th aot been at all touched, altered, or
the rust
amendment
Lordships. He shortly explained
nicked to the 13111.
itent which their Lordships bad
of the Puistie Judgesne had provided that any three
might sit along with the Chief
Justice and constitute 11 full Court. The amend-
ment Provided that the four Puisne. Judges might
penronsvtiditiunte
forhe
the Court without the Chief Justice, thus
g absence of the Chief Justice on
ee tint of indisposition or any other temporary
f:Lscititat
hPeordhdis own part, he would candidly eon-
emendment not concur in the propriety of this
he d'fi
not on that though
he did not approve of it,
the Bill
4,t account think it right to object to
th.l.4nleogether. Another amendment was, to give
ch;;utters Judge sitting in the Bail Court, or in
, all the authority of the Court to maim
