LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 9, 1827.

We received, last night, all the French Papers
of Tuesday, and the Gazette de France dated
Wednesday morning ; and we have • inserted
amongst our extracts the Royal Ordinance, to
which we alluded yesterday, for the creation of
76 new Peers, which appeared in the Moniteur
of the 6th-.' In this batch are included, five
Archbishops, two Marshals of France, and some
of the warmest supporters of Ministers in the
Chamber of Deputies : the remainder are prin-
cipally Noblesse of the Provinces, few of whose
names or titles are known in this country. The
dignity of Peer is with respect to these persons
to he hereditary, only on condition of their insti-
tuting a Majorat, or attaching property to the
Peerage, producing a net revenue of at least
10,000 francs, a sum equal to about 4001.
sterling per annum The effect of this enormous
creation of Peers must he to lessen the dignity
and consequence of the pre-existing Peers ; and,
if the system is extended much further, the Peers
of France will possess as little distinction or in-
fluence as the numerous Noblesse under the
ancient Regime. The policy too of attempting
to maintain an unpopular Ministry, by the addi-
tion of a third to one estate of the Realm, at
" one fell swoop," is more than questionable,
and France will eventually have to lament that,
for the temporary purpose of over-reaching an op-
position in the Upper Chamber, men have
been admitted amongst her hereditary Peers, who
are neither qualified by personal abilities to be
useful members of the legislature, nor by the
possession of great wealth to maintain the dig-
nity of their station. The immediate cause
of this measure will probably be explained to
tw in a few days, when the Papers begin to
feel the possession of that freedom which they
may use in the discussion of political sub-
jects, during the non-existence of the Chambers;
but the Ministry are evidently determined to
lessen the duration of this period of liberty as
much as practicable. The time afforded for the
election of the Deputies of the most distant pro-
vinces scarcely admits of deliberation on the part
of the Electors, and all the engines of the Go-
vernment have been at work to secure the return
of Ministerial favourites. Still it is supposed
that M. VILLELE will lose strength. And we
may almost hope that another such appeal to
public opinion, notwithstanding all the exertions
of the Court, may emancipate France from the
degrading state of slavery in which, as far as re-
lates to the discussion of political subjects by the
Press, the nation is held.
The Gazette de France states that letters from
Vienna mention that the Russian Ambassador
at that Court had,obtained leave of absence, and
was going to Russia; the Charge des Affaires, how-
ever, remained. This departure of the Minister,
during the negotiations relative to the affairs of
the East, has, it is said, produced much sensation
