WEYMOUTH, JULY 10.

The enterprising, diver still pursues his submarine er-
cursions, and with increasing success. We hegr that lie
has this week secured arid brought into tte harbour the
'rudder of t'te Abergavenny. - This article weighs iipWards
of four tons, and will no doubt amply reward his persever-
ing exertions. The rudder is quite a curiosity, havine
been lying on the spot for the last 29 years, the Aberga-
venny being wrecked in 1804, and although sheathed with
copper is completely covered with oysters and barnacles.
—The Flight Hon. Lady Poulett, Hon. Mrs. Port-
man,aptain and Mrs. Duncan, Lady Bingham, Sit F.
AtitHrovnA.Lsc.
Home, Sir Orford and Lady Gordon, Sir A. Bellenger, Sir A.
Frazer, Colonel and Mrs. Andrews, Colonel Thornton, Captain
and Mrs. Redell, Captain and Mrs. Mingay, Captains Stevens,
Collins, Graham, .Rooke, Manning, Dr. Turner and family,
Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Parker, Rev. Messrs. Buckle, Hawthorne,
Lancaster, Fox, Rawkins, Forde, Barnes.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY).

COVENT-GAR.

IEN MARKET.

-
There was a good supply at this morning's market, and the
trade was brisk at the commencement, but subsequently dull.
Walnuts for pickling were cheaper, Strawberries dearer, than
on this day se'nnight, prices otherwise about stationary.
s.d. s.d. s.d. s.d
New Potatoes (cwt.) 4 0 to 7 0 Spinach (half-sieve)... 0 6to 0 9
Ca'.bages (12) 0 9 1 6 Apples 4 6 12 0
Cauliflowers 1 6 3 0 Gooseberries
Brocoli 0 6 1 0 Currants i.. 3 6 5 9
Horse Badish(bundle) 4 0 6 0 Young Apples 2 6 3 6
Rhubarb ... .
Celery 0 6 1 0 Green Pease 0 9 1 6
Carrots 'l2bunches)... 4 9 6 0 Broad Beans 0 6 1 0
Turnips
Coleworts or Greens 1 0 1 6 Cabbage Lettuces 0 6 1 0
Leeks 0 6 1 0 Seville Oranges (100).. 7 6 10 6
Turnip Raddishes 0 6 1 0 Sweet Oranges '3 6 8 0
Young Onions
For. Grapes (per 1b.).... 0 8 2 6 Asparagus
English, Forced 3 0 5 0 Walnuts (pickling).... 0 8 I 6
Orchard Cherries 0 2 0 6 Span. Chesnuts (peck) 5 0 8 0
Pine Apples (lb.) 8 0 10 0 French ditto 4 0 8 0
Small Salad (punnet).. 0 2 0 3 Spanish Hazlenuts 4 0 6 0
Sea Kail 0 9 1 0 Brazilian Nuts 2 0 4 0
Strawberries (pottle)... 0 6 1 0 Radishes (12 hands) 0 3 0 6
Wall Cherries
Forced Peaches(l2)...ls 0 20 0 Cos Lettuces (per score)o 6 1 0
Apricots 15 0 18 0 Melons (each) 6 0 8 0

AMERICAN SLAVERY AND AFRICA`'

COLONIZATION.

PUBLIC MEETING.-( THIS DAY.)

A public meeting was held today at Exeter-hall, the object
of Which wag 4d" expose the real character and objects of the
American Colonization lA/Clety, and to promote the cause of
universal emancipation." .

JAMES CROPPER, Esq., of Liverpool, in the chair.
The CnsiniA C tafd the meeting had been called itt order
that the real objects of the American Colonization Society
might be exposed to the public, and wposi that subject a gentle-
man who had been deputed from the New England Anti.
SlaVery Society—William Lloyd Garrison, Esq.—VidUld address
them. It stds well known that there was now in this country
an agent from the Attierit'an colonization Society who had been
collecting money under the asstrme'd character. and with the
ate/Wed declaration, that the great Objects of that society was
to abolish slavery in the United States, and to extend civiliza.
tion in Africa. Notwithstanding those Misrepresentations
that agent had held a public meeting a short time dine ago, at
which he had the countenance of cue of the blood royal (the
Duke of Sussex). It was, then, the mote necessary to take the
most public means of exposing its objects. The American Co-
lonization Society was established for the purpose of colonizing
people of colour in Africa, or such other place as Congress
should direct, provided it was with their own consent. There.
fore the civilization of Africa was net OO of its first objects,
nor Was the abolition of slavery. Sohn lian`dolpft had, indeed,
declared that the society would afford the greatest security in
enabling masters to keep possession of their slaves. It was
well-known that slavery could not exist where there was a
superabundance of population, and the American slave owners,
because alarmed at the possibility of that happening, seeing
that that had been the cause of abolishing slavery in
South America— a scheme of colonizing Africa was con-
trived, as was then expressed, "to open a drain to take off
the excess beyond the means of profitable employment." That
was a measure which would insure the continuance of slavery,
because it guaranteed the possession by owners of their slaves.
As to the assurance that their object was to civilize Africa,
it was ridiculous ; laws were passed to prevent instruction and
civilization, and in Louisiana the punishment was death to
attempt to instruct the slave population. Were these, then,
the people who were striving at slave empancipation ? After
some further observations, the Chairman concluded by intro-
ducing Mr. Garrison to the meeting.
Mr. GARRISON was speaking when our reporter left.

VICE-CHANCERY COURT-(THIS DAY

PRINCE'S STAIRS, ROMERHITHE.-ANDERSON V. SULWAN AND

OTH &RS.

Our readers will recollect that about two months ago his
Honour the Vice-Chancellor granted an Injunction restraining
the defendants, who are watermen at Rotherhithe, from plying
for hire at Prince's-stairs, on the ground of its being private
property.

. _ .
Mr. Pars, with whom was Mr. WITIIAM, yesterday after.
noon applied for the dissolution of the injunction, which was
opposed on behalf of the plaintiffs by Mr, KNIGHT and Mr.
GARRATT.
At the conclusion of the arguments this day,

His Honour the VICE CHANCELLOR, without calling Upon
Mr. Pepys to reply,said that he really did not see how he could
sustain the injunction, having the evidence of five persons,
who swore to the fact that for the last forty, fifty, or sixty
years, they had plied at the stairs in question. It was
true that there was evidence on the part of the plaintiff,
showing, to a certain extent, that the stairs might be considered
private property; but it was the duty Of persons possessing
private property, if they applied to a Court of Equity for its
protection, to show that they had been vigilant in the preserva-
tion of that right. Now, had that vigilance been exercised in
the present case ? Clearly not ; unless the Court was to be-
lieve that the persons who had given evidence on behalf of the
defendants were perjured, which his Honour was not inclined
to do. It had been urged, in the course of the argument, that
the Court should direct an issue.; hisHonour did not feel himself
called upon to adopt such a course, because, if the plaintiffs
had the right which they alleged, it was clearly a legal right,
and might be established on an action. On the whole, the
Court was of opinion the injunction should be dissolved with-
out costs, and without prejudice to the plaintiffs bringing such
action as they might be advised. Several of the watermen
were present, and left the Court greatly dissatisfied with the de-
cision pronounced by his Honour.
