LONI) 3 URDAY,-EVENING ED I TIO:\ ,-M RC Li 2, 18 :9.

10NDON AND WESTMINSTER
. MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY, Li.
Assurance on Lives and Survivorships, for Granting Annuities,
Loans, Endowments to Children, and for the pitrchasc of Re-
versionary and other Intere:ts.
DIRECTORS.

R. Vauahanßarnewall, Esq. Colonel Jourdain
Joseph Bennett, Esq. Henry M. Kemsheal, Esq
Major Wm. Bird Bleamire. Taverner John Miller, Esq.
Jos. Blunt, sen., Esq. 'Sir Harris Nicholas,K. C. M. G
R. Edwards Broughton, Esq. Captain Ratt.ray, R.N.
David Caldwell, Esq. • P. Salomons, Esq.
Charles H. Morton Dyer, Esq. Admiral Shippard
William Ewart, Esq. Pearson Thomson, Esq.
Thomas Huxley, Esq. John Welstead, Esq., F. R. S.
TRUSTEES.
David Salomons, Esq. I Sir Harris Nicolas, K. C. M.G.
Taverner John Miller, Esq.
AUDITORS.
Sydney S. Pell, Esq. J Frederick W. Caldwell, Esq.
George Robinson, Esq.
PHYSICIANS.
A. Todd Thompson, M.D. F.L. S., 3, Hinde-street, Man-
chester-square.
Robert Willis, M.D., 25, Dover-street.
SURGEONS.
Arthur Coeke, Esq., Holies-street, Cavendish-square.
Joseph Frerm in, Esq., Spring-gardens. -
STANDING COUNIEL.
William Fraser.; Esq., 10, King's Bench Walk, Temple.
EGLICITORS.
Messrs. Roy, Blunt, Duncan, and Johnson, 42, Lothbury.
Messrs. G. and C. Kempson, 31, Abingdon-street, Westminster.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

110 USE OF LORDS, lifißcir 1.
The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Wool-
sack at Five Minutes before Five o'Clock.
Lord RODEN presented two petitions from the
diocese niElphin, against any system of public education
in Ireland that was not founded on the Scriptures.
The Duke of WELLINGTON presented petitions
from a great many parishes, principally in Yorkshire,
against any alteration in the Corn-laws.

CANADA.
The Marquis of NORMANBY said, that in conse-
quence of what had been stated by a Noble Earl oppo-
site on Friday last connected with the Church in
Canada, in reference to which he had moved for some
papers last year—(Hear, hear)—he (the Noble Marquis)
had made inquiry and found that the papers connected
with the Church in Upper Canada had been received
and should be laid on the table without delay, but that
those connected with Lower Canada had not been re-
ceived yet. He found ' there had been a commu-
nication in 'reference to them in December last year,
but probably the pressure of the engagements of the
Noble Lord, then in the Colonial-office, might have been
the cause of some delay in attending more particularly
to them.
The Earl of RIPON said that those from Upper
Canada were the most important.
Lord ST. VINCENT presented a petition from
Stowe, and also another. plac-, against any alteration in
the Corn-laws.
Lord FOLEY pmented petitions praying for an
alteration in the Corn4awnii.

BOROUGH COURTS BILL.
On the motion of Lord DENMAN the Borough
Courts Bill was read a third time and p tsted.
BEER LAWS.

Lord MELBOURNE presented two petitions from
Bradford, in Yorkshire, one against any alteration in
the Beer-laws, and the other praying their Lordships to
equalise the hours of keeping open houses.
Lord DUNCANNON presented a petition from
John Archibald Murray, Lord Advocate of Scotland,
praying, amongst other things, that he might not be
called upon to enter into a recognizance in a suit be-
tween the Crown and Lord Dundas.

INDIA.

Lord MELBOURNE stated that he had written out
for the Noble Viscount opposite a list of the papers which
he thought ought to be laid upon the table of the House
relative to the subject that was mentioned last night,
respecting the statement and declaration of the Go-
vernor-General of India.

Lord ABERDEEN said we were' now actually
engaged in a war of a very serious description, and
he must state, if it rested on the justification put forth
by the Governor-General, it was certainly one which he
apprehended the House would require much further
information than it yet had before it assented to it.
Hewished to ask the Noble Viseounta question connected
with it. He had seen a paper purporting to be an answer
to the Governor-General's statement. From the internal
evidence of that paper, he was not satisfied that it was
genuine, still he might be mistaken upon that, and if it
were an authentic document he thought it should also
be laid on the table of the House, Was it authentic ?
Lord MELBOURNE said he should lay all the in-
formation that could be fairly called for before the
House.

RAILWAYS VRELAND).
Mr. W. ROCHE presented a petition from Lime-
rick, praying the House to encourage the formation of
railways in that county.
Mr. CURRY pres6nted a petition. to a si!nilar eff. et.
• Mr. THOMAS Duscommi here entered the House,
and was received by some Hon. Members on the Mi-
nisterial side with a kind of cheer, which was instantly
checked by a loud cry of " Order !" from the Speaker.
Mr. HU ME presented a petition from the members
of the Baptist Congregration assembling at Lynn Regis,
stating that they were Protestant Dissenters, and that
they took the- New Testament us their guide in faith
and practice, and that they contemplated with deep
regret the existence and continuance of certain usages,
which they deem utterly subvcrsive cf real Christianity.
They more particulsrly lament the continuance of the in-
quisitorial tribunal of the Ecclesiastical Cos: t, which they
consider as a remnant of an intolerant and
slavery ; they view its existence with alarm, and pray
the House to . take measures for its abolition as being
inconsistent with Christianity. He also held in his
hand a petition from five men who were at present
on board the Justilia hu!k—they were convicts ; and
he mentioned this to the House, because the reception
of the petition might perhaps be objected to on , this
ground ; it stated that twenty one months since they
were tried at Edinburgh 'for offences against the Com-
bination Laws, that the Jury acquitted them of all the
principal charges, and found them guilty of a petty
offence enly ; they prayed the House would consider
their situation, that they had alreadl undergone twenty-
onemonths of suffaing„ and -would address.t}ie Crown
to extend its pardon to them.
Mr. FOX MAULE considered that the petitioners,
having been sentenced by a Court of Just lee, this peti-
tion was an interference with the prerogatives of the
Crown.

Mr. HUME apprehended that any individual might
present a petition to that House, the prayer of which
was to beg the House to intercede with the Croxn on
his behalt'; he considered there could be no objection to
the reception of thii petition, and he would take an op-
portunity to call the attention of the House to the
subject. •

The SPEAKER said that he considered the Hon,
Member was pur6uing a very inconvenient course, he
would *ramind the House that the petitioners were
convicts.

Mr. O'CONNELL said that they had not been
at tainted, they had been only convicted of misdemeanor.
Mr. FOX MAULE considered this would be an
interference with the prerogative of the Crown.
The SPEAKER said the only question in point of
fact was whether this was a case fit to call for the inter-
position of the House. -

After a few words from Mr. HUME, the petition
was laid on the table.
IRISH RAILWAYS.

Mr. KINNAIRD presented a petition from up-
wards of 1,000 landholders of- the four produces of
Ireland, pradog that if the Government determined
to lay out any money on the public: railways in Ire-
land, the question of the apportionment might be
left solely to the determination of the Committee ;
also a petition from Carriek-on-Suir, praying that
if the Government took up the question of railways,
that from Clonmel to Cork might not be excepted. He
also presented a petition from New Ross, complaining
of the unjust operation of the Union, and praying for
an equality to England.

An HoN. MEMBER presented a petition, praying the
House to support the Established Church in Canada.
Mr. LASC EL LES presented a petition from Wake-
field, signed by the spirit dealers of that place, com •
plainiag of the present state of the law as to the recovery
of debts due to them, and praying for relief.
Mr. DERBY presented petitions from Sussex, against
any alteration in the Corn-laws.
Lord INGESTRE presented a similar petition from
Bury St. Edmund's.
REPEAL OP THE UNION.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented three petitions, one
from Dublin, signed by 5,000 persons, one from the city
of Waterford, and another from Cork, praying the
House either to Repeal the Union, or to give the people
of Ireland the full benefit of its provNons, by placing
them on an equality with the people of England with
reord to their political rights.
