PROVINCIAL JOURNALS:

The recent Civic Feast in Dublin, ;tiled the
Lots Nlivoa's DINNER, has been the subject of
ootc: surprise and indignation in Ireland, -on ac-
coaut of a circumstance wholly unexpected, be-
ca,kse wholly without a
,precedent on such oeca-
t,ions, since that Glorious Revolution which set
the Empire-free from the dangers of PoeellY, and
upon a solid basis the Constitution
of :he Country in Church and State. It appears
that " The glorious and immortal memory of
KINC; WILLIAM THE THIRD" was a toast abso-
bitely interwoven with such Civic Festivals, and
oi.ght to have been given early on the list of
twists, but had been wholly passed over by the
Lord Mayor. in consequence of this omission,
'Air. Alderman ARCHER, Wi;11 a true spirit of loy-
alty, and a zealous reverence for the memory of
the Illustrious Monarch to whom the people of
the United Kingdom are so much indebted, sug-
gested to his Lordship the propriety of proposing
that toast. The Lord Mayor, however, did not
attend to the requisition of the worthy Alderman,
and may indeed be said to have absolutely declin-
ed to bring forward a toast so dear to a loyal and
Protestant People, notwithstanding the repeated
applications of Alderman ARCHER for that pur-
pose. , As this implied refusal is now the chief
subject of conversation in Ireland, and as the
Meeting has received a party colouring in the
Journals that support the cause of POPERY, we
bane been desired to insert the partial account
given in THEFREE:maN's JOURNAL, a Dublin News-
paper, as well as the just and spirited remarks ou
,the ttransaction which appeared in THE HIRER-
NIIN JOURNAL, another Paper published in the
same City, iu order. that the people of this Coun-
try may at once have before them the Poison and
the Antidote.

KING 'TULL IA .If.

THE LORD MAYOR'S DINNER.
[From The Freeman's Journal.]

On Wednesday the Lord Mayor, Alderman
M'Kenny, entertained his Excellency the Lord
Lieutenant and suite, the Right [lon. Mr. Secre-
tary Granr and his father, Mr. Secretary Gregory,
Lords Bradfold, Meath, Norbury, Forbes, and
Aylmer, and the principal Nobili'y and Gentry'at
present in town, at the Mansion-house. About
seven o'clock the company sat dow►► to one of the
most sumptuous, splendid, and elegant din►►ers
ever given in this City.—After the cloth was re-
moved, the following toasts, proposed by the
Lord Mayor, were drank :
The King.—Standing and in respectful silence.—God save
the King.
The Prince Regent.
The Queen and Royal Family.
The Duke of York and ,the Army—Duke of York's
March.

The Duke of Clarence and the Nary—Rule Britannia.
'His Exeellency Earl Talbot, and prosperity to Ireland.
Three times three—loud applause—St. Patrick's Day.

His Excellency returned thanks, and in brief
but animated terms, declared himself warmly in-
terested in the welfare of this country, and im-
pressed with a lively sense of the valuable marks
of popular favour which lie hail received trout all
classes of Irishmen since his residence amongst
them. His Excellency 'concluded by proposing
the health of

The Lord Mayor—which was drank with three times three,
and enthusiastic approbation.

The Lord Mayor expressed a deep sense of the
distinguished honour which his Excellency had
been pleased to confer upon hint, and very ardent
feelings of gratitude for the manner iri which the
;innouncentent of his health had been received by
the company. He said he onld inaLt no claims
upon the approbation of his fellow•cit!zens but
such :is might arise from in:ogrity, upright' in-
tentions, and strong feelings of atehment to
thcir interest. For a very sincere and anxious
desire to promote the welfare of the Corporation,
and advance the welfare of his countrymen gene-
rally. and of all descriptions, he trusted, however,
he would obtain credit.

The Right Hon. Charles Grant, Chief Secretary of Ire-
land—Three times three.

This toast was followed by unbounded ex-
pressions of respect and approbation. When the
land and reiterated plaudits which it lkad occasion-
ed had in some degree subsided,
Mr. Grant rose, and, under the evident influ-
ence of strong feelings, begged to return his sin-
cere thanks to his Lordship and the respectable
assembly, for the honour they had conferred up-
on him ; an honour which he felt the more sin-
cerely, as he was aware, that, having so recently,
arrived in this country, be could have few per-
sonal claims on their good opinion. He assured
them that he felt the arduoas nature of the situa-
tion in which he was placed ; he knew what were
the qualifications which requires, and was sen-
sible of his own incompetency to do it justice ;
but, however deeply he felt his own defects, he
ventured to say boldly, that there was one quali-
fication, with respect to which he would not con-
sent to place himself second to any man—an'ar-
dent and anxious desire to promote to the ut-
most of his ability the happiness of Ireland. He
observed that Ireland, long before the remotest
idea of the present connection between that na-
tion and himself had passed over his wind, was
the object of his regard and admiration—and it
was not the moment which bound him by new
ties to this interesting people which engrafted
upon the claims of private feelings (if he might
so term it) the more imperious claims of public
duty—it was not this moment, of all others, that
those affectionate sympathies were likely to be
extinguished or enfeebled. He said, that be could
not but anticipate that in the exercise of his of-
ficial duties be might be justly chargeable with
many imperfections and errors, though not, he
trusted, of the heart or of intention ; but amidst
these painful anticipations, he consoled 'himself
with the recollection that lie was among a people
distinguished for their generosity no less than for
their talent and intelligence—a generosity to
which he feared he should often be compelled to
appeal, but to which he knew he should never
appeal in vain.
IVben Mr. Grant concluded and took his seat,
the hand instantly played " Croppies Lie Down."
the Lord Mayor directed a look expressive of re-

juke towards the orchestra, and the tune was
discontinued.
The next toast Was the health of
The Countess Talbot.—Three times three.

Drank with raptnrons applause..
Earl Talbot said, the pleasing duty of returning
thanks in the name of the Countess devolved
upon him. Lady Talbot was by birth, and in
heart, and disposition, an Irishwoman, and had
no greater ambition than to continue to maintain
that character. No person was prouder of her
country, or more devotedly attached to its for-
tunes. His Excellency proposed the health of

The Lady Mayoress,—which was also drank with three
times three.

The Lord Mayor said, he could pledge himself
tl►at when the L.,My Mayoress should be made
acquainted with the honour ►vhich had been done
her, her sense of obligenion would he lively and
sincere. And lie coeld assure his fellow citi-
zens, that she promised herself much pleasure in
,attending to the hospitalities of the Mansion-
House.
'l'l►e Immortal Memory of Lord Nelson.

- (When this toast was pronounced, Alderman
Archer exclaimed, Oh, yes, a bumper ; -and the
next toast you must give, my Lord, will be a
bumper too, the Olorions and Immortal Memory
of King tVilliam the Third." The Lord Mayor
took, no nolice of this sally, but repeated the
toast he had given, which was drank in solemn
silence )

The Lord Primate and the Church of Ireland.

Alderman Archer again interrupted the Lord
Mayor, by calling out, " Oh, you mean the Glo-
rious Memory." The Lord Mayor said—'' Al-
dvrtstan Archer, the toast is—The Lord Pri-
mate and the Church of Ireland."

The Bishop of Ossory rose, and returned thanks
on behalf of the Primate, and the Irish Church—
and assured the assembly, that no man was more
attached to the well are of Ireland, and the inte-
rests of the Church, than his Grace was..
Lord Ingestrie, and the Noble House of Talbot. Three
times three—Lund applause.

The Lord Lieutenant rose agin to express his
obligations for the repeated kindness which his
family experienced in this country, kindnesses,
said is Excellency with much animation, for
winch they feel so tir,!y grateful, that they would
not hesitate to sacrifice themselves to insure the
prosperity and happiness of Ireland.—His Lord-
ship then begged leave to give

Prosperity to the Corporation of Dublin.
The Lord Mayor next gave
Our illustrious Ally, Louis the XVIIIth. Tune—The
White Cockade.

The French Consul, M. Romain,. returned
thanks. He said he was deeply sensible of the
kindness which.had been done to the French na-
tion, and its illustrious Sovereign, and that he
would have great pleasure in making his country-
men acquainted with the estimation in which his
Royal Master was held in Ireland. As the health
of the 'King of France had been drank, M. Ro-
main begged leave to declare his high respect for
the King and Royal Family of England, and to
add the expression of his best wishes for the
health and prosperity of the citizens of Dublin, of
whose attentions to himself he would always pre-
serve a grateful recollection.
The Lord Chancellor and the Irish Bench.

Lord Norbory said, that a speech from him
would be no novelty to his friends of the Corpo-
ration ; be had made one for them already this
day. But, said his Lordship, I should have
charged my Lord Mayor not to expect a speech
trom me here. Lord Norbury then shortly re-
turned thanks in the name of the Lord Chancel-
lor and Bench, and said, that the best wish he
could express for those ‘vho had been kind
enough to drink his health, was, that they might
lire as long and as happily as be had done.
Alderman Archer, who bad exhibited signs of
considerable impatience at the Lard Mayor's ne-
glect of his call fur the " Glorious Memory,"
now demanded that toast in a manner so audible
and persevering, that his Lordship could no
longer overlook it. His notice of it, however,
was confined to saying (with mach good hu-
mour), " Alderman Archer, I w:11 not depart
from the order in which the toasts are set down
upon 'my list." "In order, however," conti-
nued • his Lordship, smiling, and addressing the
company, " to meet the wishes of the worthy
Alderman, who desires to propose a toast, 1
give

The Mother of St. Patric
tvilicb created a hearty laugh, arid was drank
with general approbation.
_ .

Lord Meath, and the Resident Landlords Of Ireland.

Lord Meath felt hLOtly gratified by the con-
nection of his name with the Resident Landlords
of Ireland, and he begged to say, that although
the illness of some members of his family, and
the uncontroulable necessity arising from that ill-
ness, had compelled him to reside for some time
past in another county, it would be his greatest
pleasure, and his greatest pride, to live in his
own.

Earl Bradford, Colonel of the Yorkshire Militia.
Lord Bradford returned thanks.
Lord Forbes, and the Eastern District.
Lord Forbes returned thanks for the honour
conferred upon him.

Several other national and patriotic toasts were
drank, and at half-past eleven o'clock his Excel-
lency the Lord Lieutenant and suite, and seve-
ral of the Noblemen and Gentlemen, including
Mr. Grant, Mr. Gregory, &c. retired, highly de-
lighted with the polite and hospitable attentions
of the Lord Mayor, who attended Earl Talbot to
his carriage. This entertainment, indeed, greatly
exceeded any thing which had been seen at the
Mansion-house. The company was select, the
arrangements were all made in the best taste, as
well as upon the most magnificent scale, and the
evening, upon the whole, passed oft with the
greatest harmony and conviviality, until after the
Vice-Regal party had retired.

When the Lord Mayor re-entered the room,
after having seen the Lord Lieutenant depart,
tome Members of the Corporation proceeded to
hying his Lordship to account, for omitting the
Glorious and Immortal Memory." The Lord
Mayor took his statiou at the head of the table,

And, in very energetic anti animated terms, ex-
plaiued his reasons for not having given the toast.
He said, he felt very strongly the importance and
the value of the situation in ‘vhich he had been
placed by the kindness of his fellow-citizens,
but that, highly as he prized that 'situation, lie
would not compromke his own character, or the
dignity of his office, by suffering any man, or set
of men, to dictate to him. He said he had been
astonished beyontrmeasure upon discovering that
•the band, who were his servants for the day, had
been tutored by some secret influence which he
was wholly at a loss to account _for, to disolwy
his orders, and absolutely to insult his guests by
playing obnoxious airs. To what, he asked, was
he to attribute the circumstance of " Croppies
Lie Down" being played the moment the health
of the Chief Secretary had been drank, if not to
that management behind the curtain which -he
was much surprised to frail in such pernicious ac-
tivity, but which he would make it his business
to develupe and destroy. He said he had taken
the office of Chief Magistrate of the City of
Dublin under different chemnstances, and perhaps
with different feelings, from many of his predeces-
sors. He would be happy to receive the advice
of any of his friends,. but lie must always claim
the right of exercising his own judgment upon
every act which was to be performed by himself,
and for whlclehe would bold himself wholly re-
sponsibte ; but he must repeat, be never could
permit himself to be dictated to by auy Mali at
the head of his own table.• The taste and dispo-
sition must be very extraordinary indeed, which
could select such an accompaniment as " Crop-
pies Lie Down," for such speeches as those of
the Lord Lieutenant and his Secretary—speeches
abounding with sentiments so conciliatory, so
gratifying to the people of this country, so flat-
tering to their best hopes—speeches such as had
never perhaps before been heard from persons, in
their station. lie would take special care, how-
ever, that no such trick should ever be played
upon him again. These, said his Lordship, are
the reasons by• which, although the toast was
upon my list, f was prevented from giving it, and
certainly Isliould not, in any event, have pro-
posed'it without such accompanying observations
as would have divested it of all party character,
and have rendered it perfectly incapable of giving
offence to any individual in this room, or, indeed,
to any. portion of my fellow-countrymen. I
trust, continued the Lord Mayor, that i: k pot
necessary for me, at this time, to make de- •
elaration of •my principles. Every man who
knows me, knows that I am firmly attached. ,to •
the King and Constitution, the Government and
Laws of this Country, and that I yield to no one
in devotion to the Protestant Reiigion ; but I
certainly am•not among those persons who think
that that holy Religion which 1 profess and ve-
nerate, is best supported by wounding, oppress-
ing, or insulting my Catholic countrymen. I
have been chosen to fill a high awl honourable
office, and it shall be my unceasing study to dis-
charge its ditties efficiently. To fulfil them ho-
nestly, is, at all events, iii my power ; and I am
resolved that every act of mine shall be regulated
by the strictest impartiality.
_

This explana;ion was deemed perfectly satis-
factory, - and was accordingly received with much
approbation.

- Alderman Archer disclaimed all intention of dic-
tating to tl►e Lord Mayor, or offendi►►g any per-
son, and sought to justify his demanrl of the toast
upon the ground of precedent, and the suggestions
of persons who sat near him.

The Lord Mayor observed, that as he was wil-
ling to believe the conduct of which he had
complained was but the result of mistaken zeal,
be. wished to bury it in oblivion, and would
therefore propose a toast, which, he trusted,
would restore perfect cordiality and good-hu-
mour. He then gave

Universal Benevolence,

which was drank with great applause, and after
some other -toasts, the company separated with
the greatest harmony.

(Front The Hibernian Journal.)

THE Loft!) MAYolt.—Precisely as we anticipated the case
would be, the refusal of the Lord Mayor to give the " Glorious
Memory," has created a sensation extremely natural in a
country in which the Established Religion is essentially Pro-
testant. Now, we venture to say, that the toast not being
drank will create such a sensation amongst the Loyalists of
Ireland, that the Glorious Memory will be revived with ten-
fold stronger emotion, and be drank, twenty times for once,
more than it has been some time back—while, on the other
hand, if the Lord Mayor had followed the example of his pre-
decessors in office for a century past, the toast would have
been drank in the usual manner, and nothing been said
about it.

But let us see why the Lord Mayor has presumed to insult
the Corporation of Dublin by the omission of the toast.—
His attempt at explanation appeared in The freeman's Jour-
nal of Saturday last, and is copied by us this day verbatim.
We cannot doubt the authenticity of the report, as Mr.
Harvey, the Proprietor of that Paper, was amohgst those
guests whom the Lord Mayor had selected to meet, at what
lie presumptuously called his own table, the eiudite and ac-
complished Lord Talbot, with the Secretary of State! ! In
this statement, we are informed that the sole cause of irrita-
tion arose from the circumstance of the Band playing " Crop-
pies lie down," an " obnoxious !" tune, when the Secretary
had finished a short but elegant speech, in which he explain-
ed the good wishes which he at all times bore to Ireland, and-
for which we think that personage was entitled to every mark
of gratitude and respect, in place of being incited by the
omission of a toast handed down to posterity as a murk of
respect to that Monarch, who effected the great Revolution of
1688, and thenceforward established the Protestant Ascen-
dancy in Church and State. But the article, which is called
the Lord Mayol's justification, in The Frteman's Journal,
has established the charge against him, and has only given
the opinion of one man in opposition to that of hundreds !-
To what a State of contempt is the Corporation of Dublin
then reduced, when the respectful toast to such a Memory is
refused to he given by her Chief Magistrate and such a tune
called, at the same time, an " obnoxious" one ! Fur what
reason do any men presume to call the air in question an ob-
noxious one? The Rebellion of 1798 had for its object the
separation of this country from England, and the extermina-
tion of Protestants ! Tunes have been in all ages indicative
of the political bearings of the time in which they have been
composed—from " Lillibollero " to " God save the King,"
each has had its turn. " Croppies lie down," then, being an
emblem of the feelings of Loyalists in this country, evincing,
what we trust they will be ever able to do, that is to crush
rebellion, and make Croppies lie down, we cannot conceive a
greater affront to offended loyalty, that/ calling it an ob-
noxious tune. Here, then, we finish our observations on the
Lord Mayor's lame apology for not giving the toast, which he
says, in addition, he intended to give, but that it was low in
his list. If so, why not give it in its due place, for we assert the
fact, that he never gave the toast at all, and that his not hav-
ing done so, in place of endeavouring to conciliate, and
which lie attempts to say was his object, has roused the in-
dignation of Two Millions of Protestants.
King William of Glorious Memory established the Protes-
tant Religion, and it was considered by the Lord Mayor as an
offensive toast. But offensive to whom is the question ?
Not surely to the Catholics, because they hare too much sense
not to know, that from the hour that the Established Reli-
gion of the country was changed, the Catholics have ad-

ranced in property and consequence—their ReligiaP 15;
free as the Protestants, aidthey enjoy every advantage Older'State, except what is necessary to give the State a prePan
ance in the sole of jmstice, so as to make the Establislor
Religion the ascendant one. For this reason we have I"'°f-or
the toast as often drank by Catholics as be Protestants,o
they have very wisely considered that. King Williaultots
a most liberal Prince, and that if he saved the ProtOifaat
from Popery, he most certainly saved' the Catholics
slavery. To whom then could the toast be offensive ?
surely to a great majority of the Lord l'ilayor motley "bate
tion of guests, for rune-tenths of the company should KA
drank the toast, if it were for nu other reason than that free
William cave them the enjoyment of the Sabbath, to be, ace
from the fangs of a bailiff. The objection, then, must'
la
originated in the Lord Mayor's own attachment to l'erii.lo
and his disregard of the feelings of that Leyal Bady wi,l°Titatt
represented In this view we can only account for Alcel,a,e;
Archer's man!) and spirited interference having taken iba
an interterence which must for ever endear his name to
ell
Loyalists of Dublin, while that of the Lord Mayor Will sea r(eyr
be remembered, and if so, not with ranch V:2llCralitgli
111'1011 should be courted by hint on theuccasioa in V
tion.
The trick played off on Saturday in FrePnlait'S /0101164
show that Alderman Archer was too officious and 1"„.i
by
turely importunate about the toast, is nut true—tbe;",:the
Alderman Archer never pressed for it moil long' Ttfeb.,i't he
time when it was the usage to 'have it honoured, and ;;Ile-
found the Corporation insulted, and of which he was "' are
presentative as Treasurer in that roont—by the eruissionMLo,
say, of a Toast which was as much an afi,C.l;lage to the
Sion-house as the Chain about the Lord Mayor's fled"
so
by
We now come to our conclusion, and we shall d"
solemnly declariug t hot we consider the Lord NI 3: " Ca- til'a
duct offensive to all parties---UnfleCeSSaVV, villea.lolf,r,ijo., •
arrogant—presumptuous, and without ;.recedeot, and 34,„as
all, as being calculated to renew those religious
and jealousies N% /110 every man of good sense acd goa“
sn,aild,endeavour to allay. A gi eat and Coastittnio:oo
Judge was on all public occasions selected to gi'e„aa
Glorious Memory, and which he itivarlanly tiid
all its usual appendages—and that ,;reat o'3'l
butchered in Thomas-street, so late as the Ytal
at nine o'clock of a summer's evening, b,- the halals di
guinary and ruthless Pikenien. And vet there. nv",c•
Judge more merciful or indulgent even to the UAb"'lts 41,
fenders. The Glorious Memory, then, of li.!rig
innocent Toast, not applying to the Religion n'3l,
of t
King William planned the Revolution on the true Da° of
British Liberty—and although Alderman 11PKenny
his Protestant principles, all we can say on the
that he has taken a very awkward method of eael'lP,,?tir'
them at the outset of his little year of consequeoce. "'hair
suiting the Corporation of Dublin, he has insulted the LI be
he filled, and every person of distinction present. Bat Its of:
is this friend to the Protestant interest, which he b" sai!
being, let us ask aim in what corps of Vconotory
his brother serve during the year of 179 s ? Now we haver at-
timer charge to make against the Lord Mayor—WhY fue.eci"
stance, was not the Health of the Honourable and It" 'tesl
Mr. Talbot drank as one of the visitors. In commoo Cour
that pentleman was entitled to this mark of respect; :,1,04'
sire of the circumstance of his being the brother of "` ape
Lieutenant, and one of the most polite and amiable P pe
nat;,es who ever held a similar situation to that
now fills.
, Lore
Upon the whole, we should not be surprised if tlicoace .
Mayor would decline sliming his face at the Sheriffs ".c.ratr
to-morrow, where so great a portion of those will heaPrelitlit
did he
or
whom collectively he grossly insulted by omitting to u"u- •
Aleatory of the Great and Good King William. - -0!
