[MORNING HERALD.]

It appears by a letter from Gibraltar.that the'
finances of the••Spanierds are in a bad situation.
It is very probable that such has-been the case
for a length' of time past, and' that the Spanish
Government has not been able to pay the army
regularly, the navy, or the clerks in the different
offices. This is probably one among the many, rea-
sons to be given for the explosion which has taken
place in that country. We some time since re-
member seeing a statement respecting their na-
tionaltlebt,the interest of which amounted annually
to 'a greater sum than their revenue. To a si-
milar'?ituation, we believe, France was brought
previous to her Revolution. We should be' sorry
to see the time arrive, when England could not,
meet her National Debt, or pay her army, navy,
or clerks .in the Government Offices. But if
she were to be as much operated on •by
Messrs. Brougham's, Denman's, and others elor
quenCe, in the preient day','as the moneY4ending
people' of lgngland and their. representatives were
by Mr. Pitt in hi dam, we might stand a chance
of a similar explosion to those' which have oc,
currect in the 'two 'neighbouring countries. As
Mr. Canning says, let us keep at peace as long as
we can ; we have nothing to get by going to `war
either with Franee, for the sake of Spain, or
with Spain, for the sake of sending more goods
than we dosto her rebellious colonies; or with all
Europe, for the sake of Mr. Wilberforce's
Acts of Parliament for the abolition' of the
Slave Trade. By the bye, this cold damp
weather (which has kept off just a suffi-
cient length of time to preserve to Mr.
Cobbet, one of his and Lord Liverpool's hobby
horses=--namely, " over-production").reminds us
of the cold damp cellars in the neighbourhood of
Manchester, where a man, With. a wife and .six
small children, will "Drive' the shuttle frem four
o'clock in the morning till ten o'clock at night,
for a shilling or eighteen-pence.", But/Mr. Wil-
berforce will notcall,this, slavery. lie will say the
Man doea as hi pleases—and so he does ;' but we
nevertheless wish that Mr.. Wilberforce could in-,
vent semeA.ct of Parliament that should bring about
on amelioration in the condition
,of this pail of
his brethren. There is an.old adage which says,
", Charity begins at jtorhe." 'We must wonder,
whether Mr. Wilberforce ever made his.'way Into
one of those cellars; at ten o'clock, tit night, and
saw the man at his work by a halfpeeny candle.
If he never but should
,do such a thing,
would he; in immitation of Mr. Peel, and .the
free press of 'England, call it " proofs of mann,'
factu ring' prosperity ?"

TRIESTE, SET?. 4..—The'restoration of four English and
,one Austrian vessel, taken by the Captain Paella's fleet, and
also of an indemnity paid to the qaptains for
.the losses they
have sustained by this unjust detention, has fakenl place. It
seems certain that the plague hasbroken out among.' Elie Egyp.
tiatt fieet,and•that it has been obliged in corisequence'to return
to Alexandria.
RtIIiSSELS, SEPT. 18.—The Duke of St Lorenr.o, formerly
Ambassador of Spain at Paris, has arrivedhere from London.
—Baron Strongonoff, late Russian Ambassador at Copstan.
tinople, has made but a very short stay at Ameterdee, and hrii
already passed through Arnheim, on his return to Germany.
