THEATRICAL CHIT-CHAT.

Miss Pelham, who made a succes+ful hit at the Hay-
market Theatre on Thursday, in The Steward, was the
heroine of the Bath, Worthing, anal other provincial
theatres, where she achieved fame for herself and wealth
for her managers.

Taglioni and Pazanini have been throwing themselves
on the patronage of the public at Liverpool on the same
night—the former filled the regular theatre and the latter
the Liver.

The Duke of Devonshire, with those liberal feelings fcr
which he is distinguished, has built a theatre at Buxtou,
which has been tolerably atrended during the season.
Meadows, of Covent garden, closed a four night engag.-
rnent there on Saturday week with his benefit, which w 4
a bumper.

The Richmond Theatre, under the management of Mr.
Lee, and the proprietorship of T. W. Jones, has been most
fashionably attended during the past week.
Paganini realized nearly 1201. by one morning's per-
formance at Leamington. At Buvon be crammed the
theatre ! and at Micclesfield filled his pockets, and asto-
nished his audience I! The theatrical business at Srvansex
is getting on prosperously, and the new theatre at Aberyst-
with has been sufficiently successful to enable the managers
to say that—
" The steady march is that which leads to victory."
Mr. Barnett has been very successful in his tour to the
classic ground of Oxford.
Daniel Egerton, the respected Secretary to the Covent-
garde❑ Theatrical Fund, has already commenced his
labours i❑ the cause of this excellent charity ; and John
Hughes, the indefatigable Secretary to the Drury lane
Theatrical Fund is busily engaged in a new work called
Dramatic Charity.
STRAND THRATRI. —ln addition to the novelties in
preparation for this theatre, the managers will this (lay
produce a new farce from the pen of W. L. Rede, called
His Firs' Champagne, in which Wrench, Benson, Hill,
Oxberry, Smith, Mrs. Griffith,, and Mrs. Rede have
characters which, it is said, are expressly adapted for their
talents. From what we have heard of the production, it
would appe it the author has literally walked into the.
theatre and measured the company for a new suit of
characters.

Serie is engaged this week at the Victoria, and he is to
play while Miss Jarman, Abbott, and Wade are gone to
Brighton, where their engagement commences on this 4-dy
and terminates on Saturday next. Two most remarkable
posture-masters, a German and a Frenchrnan, have been
engaged to vary the performances thit week ; and we are
told by a gentleman who saw
their performances are uro: them exhibit abroad, that
;Re anything yet known in this
country. We ot':'a we do not like the introduction of
lu,!:ll"hillit'.;ans into a national theatre (for that rank the
"et""a ' has taken), but we suppose that the modern
I:lactice in this respect at Covent garden and Drury-lane
has rendered it necessary. A new melo-drame is in pre-
paration, and we think the managers would have done
wisely if they had brought it out earlier.
Amongst the numerous visiters to the Olympic Theatre
(in the course of the week), we noticed the following
tashionables :—Mirchioness Cornwallis, Countess Beau-
champ, Lord and Lady Tullamore, Lord and Lady Edw.
Thynne, Lady Brooke, Lady Turton, Captain and Hon.
Mrs. Ryder Burton, Miss Mellish, Prince Esterbazy,
Marquis of Worcester, Lord A. Conyngham, Lord Long-
ford, Lord Say and Sele, Lord Villiers, Lord Allen, Sir .1.
Pane, Sir C. Boyle, Sir C. B. Codrington, and Mr.
Rothschild.

Buckstone has a new play accepted at the Haymarket,
in which Darren and Mrs. Glover have prominent parts ;
and The Provoked Wife is said to be under revisal,
eminene alterations,
ino ns
, Quin, and Garrick wtre
in this part, there are trilny
t. Of the latter,
awcithharaal,,htoici iin Btreotttleurcteon F,arren a g Sir John Brute,
portraits.

Accounts from Valparaiso inform us that the
Government bad prolonged from one to three years the
erm granted to the foreign merchants for transit, %al
educed the transit duties to three per cent.

sher.therelßdi,7
SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS. barefaced was the attempt, that the millioniaire it become the rule that length of purse alone raise of Ferdinand.Forthe consequences,however, ptrofithaeesepdouaefaovfoDuroanblce
Carlos,
especially when con-
atrasted with that of her expiring rival. One cannot look COUNTRY CORN MARKETS
was placed under a banner, inscribed " Baring should determine elections, professional skill of that struggle we must not take counsel from our
.4s.DURING LAST WEEK.
___________........
without perceiving that she Dean&
There are certain injudicious parasites of and Protection to Agriculture ;" though every and reputation would have no chance in any com-Wheat. i Barley. Oats.
____,.....
now but covets a hopes. Were there no parties in question crown, while in the countenance of the Queen
Government, who, from a foolish conceit of man in the nation, out of North Essex, who petition. Two or three purse-proud tradesmen, Per Quarter. s. to s. s. to s. s. to s. s' j.....
the two aspirants to the Spanish crown, and their we read indifference to it.
" Upon frequent other occasions, while in Madrid, 1 Carlisle 53 - 27 - 20 _ 40
their own ingenuity to persuade the public that knows anything of public men, knows that blind to all other merit than of possessing well- followers, the solution might not be so difficult ;
Pe
n Winchestertl th w
- 54
- '26
- 19
--
42
Hexham.. 49 53 25 29 19 22 , .1
had. roofsp of the anxiety of Don Carlos to recommend Niorpeth ---.... 49 53 24 26 18 21 3,, os
the Ex-Member for Callington, while re- lined bags, would soon play into the hands of
himself to the people. The most marked of these was
. s-2..i
8n27.
6--.. d.
.2.
(11 . ::::d.
1.0440
but the war of the Spanish succession in the
" black is white," do no small disservice to their
presenting. his. breeches pocket, had shown each other, and monopolize every office for their 19th century will differ in many grave particulars upon the evening when the Queen gave birth to a princess;
s5O-.d. 555.12
patrons, by reviving the recollection of acts which
himself the bitterest foe of the.. landed_ in-. connections. No man- who has- honourable in- 22 24 4v 4,
from that at the commencement of the 18th In not an hour after this was known, the Infante drove
it would be better for the purity of their fame
terest in the unreformed House of Commons ! tendons ought to support a rule which can hare
were buried in oblivion. Such flatterers would the latter case, it was a war of interests merely through the streets and along the Prado in an open car- gnavirvirjgheen....- g 2 (7; s s 2
(9) 1
b 4 1 8 (5) g 6g
The clergy, who constituted three-fourths of the been introduced with no other object than that liage along with his three sons, who, by the repeal of the Newcastle (Staff.) 8089,4640:3 0. 3 0 5 0 50 0
do well to recollect the wholesome advice which between two foreign families and their respective
Don Quixotte gave to Sancho Panza, touching company, exclusive of the clod-hop era and of o enir a door to corru t 'obbing There •
P , , P g P 3 n.
salic law, were that day cut out of their inheritance."-
. .mes. Norttiallerton -.... 7 0 931 3 6 4 6 3 3 4 0 5 ,6, 6
5t0ne...........-.......... 8 0 8 6 4 0 4 8 3 0 3 4 6 ',', 06
haw-bacons took, as was to be expected, the is a great deal too much of this in most of the Swansea ...................... 6 8 7 0 3 6 3 9 1 9 2 2 0 . 6 0
the consequences of stirring certain matters cagainst the House of Bourbon-while the war _____ Warwick 9 0 11 0, 3 0 4 6 2 0 3 3 5 6
' furtheringthe humbug. -
most prominent part in.
which no stirring could improve. One of thesenow anticipated, though directly between two NAVAL INTELLIGENCE. 1 8 a
Dr. Walton, Rector of Birdbrook, began by other large towns • for we are sorry to say the- Barnardcastle.-.... ,I 2 0 16 6, 8 0 8 6 5 0 60 10 80
_______......_
parasites, in an evening Treasury Paper, has just ~ members of the same Spanish family, will in its
ingreat simplicity, that disposition to influence alone to
expressing his sorrow, . . give PORTSMOUTH, OCT. 5.-Intelligence is received Richmondmoney,
...... , i 1111 (.!i 11 t 5,3)
tei
1, 0 5 0 6 4 0 9 6
0 5 0 5 4 7
...„---
his order was unpopular, in spite of ail the but too characteristic of the middle classes of this by the Sesostris of a very dashing and successful
least defensible of Earl Grey's appointments, passions, affecting every Government and people WAKEFIELD CORN MARKET.-Oet. 4. ,
He was followed The late medical
efforts that it made to please. , country. officers do not object 0 attack in the Straits of Malacca, by the boats of his Wheat, Red, tonrfoalikoaicladinSuffolk...-s. 4fis. to 545. fine ';;--.
and which excited equal astonishment and dis-in Christendom. An evening paper connects -s. 465. to 525. fine ,44,
by Mr. Cox, Rector of Oten Belchamp, and to any which tends toprevent their Majesty's ship Harrier, Commander Spencer Vas- -- Yorkshire -s. 445. to 535. fine
satisfaction (we might use a stronger term) when , regulation the retreat of Bourinont and his French Miguel-
brother-in-law of the Bishop of London. This influence in the election of their successors. The sail, on a strong nest of Malay pirateg, which has White -s.
lied -s. .50s. to 675. fine 6',
it was first announced. The ISeasury writer ices from Portugal with the immediate prospect -s. -s. co-a. fine,'
.1.
Reverend Divine took the bull by the horns at ruleproposed b • the Committee against can- been completely routed, their settlement and village
says, " Much unreasonable obloquy has been , . , 3 0 of Ferdinand's decease ; but that is a minor Barley, Norfolk and Suffolk
once, and, i'n a most Christian spirit, declared vassing before a recency is declared, is not onl • destroyed, with all their pirate vessels. Commander 295. to 325. fineK
heaped on Lord Grey for having recommended b - toinrlc(oslhnshiold
that he did not wish to associate with those who unobjectionable but useful The onl law b Spencer Vassal, on his return
his brother to be appointed to the vacant stall at J • • Y Ferdinand, and the account of parties in the urn to Singapore, re- _ Foreign
did not subscribe to the creed of Conservatism . which the late medical officers as a body object ceived an extremely handsome letter from the Go- Beans, 0,1),TT,,, 37s to 395. fine.,,,'
Westminster." Well, how does he undertake Spanish Court, from recent travels in Spain, by 'ss. to 38s. fine 4'
By a The Rev. Lewis Way, Rector of Great Yeld- to, is that which allows of votes being made vernment there, specifying the great benefit that Oats, Potato l9s. to 225. enema
to remove the "unreasonable obloquy ?" Mr. Inglis, entitled " Spain in 1830:"- , - Poland -s. 18s. to 21s. „4
ham, expressed a hope that all (1. . q y
difference of subse nand to the declaration of a vacanc must accrue, for some time ,_
'me at least from hiss i i
defence consisting of a fiction, three vicious pre- Y, " Ferdinand VII., King of Spain, is like a lusty ,p r teu _ Friezland and Small -s. 17s to 9.05. fine,'''
band gallant conduct. - bleating od. to 114 d. per Stoll:
with the Conservatives might soon be and which consequently makes the medical
opinion
cedents, and an appeal to public compassion.o'3s. to 265. Od. per Lo3d,
done away with, and the interests of agriculture offices
The fiction is contained in the following sari- 1: t' f • ' 'lsis,
advanced. Mr. Baring at last removed alto y - rule ever man of correct fee.ing ought to arra •
, extent u_ corpulency; his countenance is fat and heav, ship dated Ascension, August 18,1833. The Rapeseed
fence :-" The fact is, that the bishopric of - b ' but good natured,hauteur, still less of flag of Rear-Admiral Warren washoisted on
with nothing of • l -
thin veil that had been artfully spread himself. It can have but one effect. What
gether the .SCOTCH MARKETS.
Hereford is a poor one, and has many and heavy
l • • b ferocity, in it ;it betrays, in fact, a total want of character the Badger, and that ship, with the Charybdis, .A
over the motives of the meeting, and declared surprises us is, that such a law should e pro- of too
expenses attached to it. The bishopric of any kind. The Queen is a remarkably pleasing, and, were the only men-of-war left at the Cape. The
not descending to particulars) posed in the face of the public. The medical indeed, a remarkably pretty woman, and the charm of
Hereford used to be estimated at some 7,000/. (verY wiselYlatter was to sail for England on the arrival of the Aberdeen 48 54 .3 .5 16 .0 24 to
"that the general line, and course, and temper men justly think that no exigency could render affability which is universally granted to her by those Pelorus from Ceylon, and she was expected to be 24 26 /
or 8,0001. a ear;y but supposing it onlyoßelcilvslterkeam - g 437. 1178 ri 13
1:51 g
of the of the day were founded in the sale of medical offices excusable ; but. there
r.ite=a.
oot!: like twenty- at the Cape in a fortnight. The Pelorus would then a upar ................ 48 56 26 31 IS 22 '.2 62 -:-.• "/
5,000/., it curely is quite as much as any Bishop cons icuously in her cou she I
it is not now even the excuse ofpoverty with the • 13
error. It is a lamentable fact, that whether receive
Cole the Admiral's flag. Major-General Sir Duodee--..... 50 60 30 33 20 25 30 31 --' /
ought to have, and, perhaps, more thaneight years of age, but I believe she is some years younger. . Elgin ........-..... 40 50 24 26 16 20 23 30 .... /
is Carlism, Absolutism, Miguelism, or Con- Committee, for the Institution never was so The King took litee notice of the people who stood by, Lowry was coming
.35 home in the Belle Alb- Inverness_... 5. v, ..,6 19 20 M 2746 ,
he would be fairly entitled to, if the wealth ofKelso
flourishing from its foundation, as it was at the and who acknowledged the Royalpresence, but the Queen
servatism, the clergy are always found acting in
. ance, merchantman, then lying at the Cape when Kirkaldy 48 3761 .3 20
13
Ifli 195 .V.; i... 3. '4
the Church were so distributed as to pay anthe Isis left. Lieut. R. Warren, the Flag Lieute- Perth ...........- 50 56 23 26 20 22 22 2,5 -
ado
closely connectedgangs to support it The er ' time when this objectionable law was re- bestowed upon them her usual smiles and couretsies. She ir? The size of the measure varies throughout
the este%
quate remuneration to the working clergy. • ) was then an object of much interest with the public, for nant, was appointed by the Admiral to the command
arsons in Essex, like the priests in Portugal, are established. In fact, we understand that last
We may gather from this fiction what notion P she was expected shortly to give birth to an heir to the of the Trinculo until Commander Booth had re- We largehaid:DalNßUßGH Cilf2l.l%theMAßnllk:clo• -Oct.-2.
nd the
making a last struggle to support abuses ; but year more than one-fourth of the income Spanish supply
the Whigs have of Church reform as long as nish throne; and to this event most thinking persons joined her, and Lieut. Puget was acting flag during sales were heavy; ade; and B 1: wereatshotr°t-,tharYid triSl‘'
happily it will be impotent as it is un rin- was invested to increase the fundedpro- looked
forward, as one that mustproduceimportant - the absence of Lieut. Warren. The Isis was very sale.
they can keep the Church patronage in their own as PWheat. 1 Barley. I Oats. Pease. 1 Bel
cipled and despicable.-Morning Chronicle. perty of the Institution, and that after defraying fluence upon the future condition of Spain. His Majesty I healthy. First 64s Od 35s 6d 23s 4d -s Od •-•., M
11 on tic Ne-,w frar the vrecedents. Here they Second sBs Od 32s Od 20s Oil sOd --5 Ai.'
ii 11 stepped into the carriage first, leaving the Queen to the nor MEN OF WAR FON OREIGN STATIONS. '1,1,;., Art. NI 00. na 13,1 a nit :2. ill -Iv'

There are certain injudicious parasites of
Government, who, from a foolish conceit of
their own ingenuity to persuade the public that
" black is white," do no small disservice to their
patrons, by reviving the recollection of acts which
it would be better for the purity of their fame
were buried in oblivion. Such flatterers would
do well to recollect the wholesome advice which
Don Quixotte gave to Sancho Panza, touching
the consequences of stirring certain matters
which no stirring could improve. One of these
parasites, in an evening Treasury Paper, has just
now revived the unpleasant subject of one of the
least defensible of Earl Grey's appointments,
and which excited equal astonishment and dis-
satisfaction (we might use a stronger term) when
it was first announced. The Treasury writer
says, " Much unreasonable obloquy has been
heaped on Lord Grey for having recommended
his brother to be appointed to the vacant stall at
Westminster." Well, how does he undertake
to remove the "unreasonable obloquy ?" By a
defence consisting of a fiction, three vicious pre-
cedents, and an appeal to public compassion.
The fiction is contained in the following sen-
tence :—" The fact is, that the bishopric of
Hereford is a poor one, and has many and heavy
expenses attached to it." The bishopric of
Hereford used to be estimated at some 7,0001.
or 8,0001. a year ; but supposing it only
5,0001., it surely is quite as much as any Bishop
ought to have, and, perhaps, more than
he would be fairly entitled to, if the wealth of
the Church were so distributed as to pay an
adequate remuneration to the working clergy.
We may gather from this fiction what notion
the Whigs have of Church reform as long as
they can keep the Church patronage in their own
hands. Now for the precedents. Here they
are :—" The late Bishop of Hereford, Dr.
Huntingford, a man of frugal and unostentatious
habits, used to say that he could not live at
Hereford without the wardenship of Winchester,
or at Winchester without the bishopric of
Hereford ; his predecessor, Dr. Luxmore, as
Bishop of Hereford, held the rectory of St. An-
drew's, Holborn, in comnzendam with his bishop-
ric, and his predecessor again, Dr. Cornwall,
was Bishop of Hereford, and Canon of Wind-
sor." We suspect many more precedents of the
same sort might be adduced, but what do they
prove ? The long continuance of abuses which
the Whigs had undertaken to reform, and which
they now plead in justificatirm of fresh abuses of
Church patronage by themselves. If a prelate,
from a love of hoarding other treasures than
those which are laid up in Heaven, or from
luxury and extravagance of living, cannot be
content with the revenues of the see of Here-
ford, he is surely no very faithful follower of the
example of our Saviour and his disciples. One
of the crying sins of the Church system is that
of pluralities. A great outcry was raised, and
most justly raised, in which the Whigs vehe-
mently joined against that arrangement by which
the Duke of Wellington was about to give a
considerable rectory to Bishop Phillpotts, in
commendam with the see of Exeter. Now,
the Whig party draw into precedent the
bad example of Dr. Luxmore, holding the
benefice of St. Andrew's, Holborn, in com-
mendanz with the see of Hereford ! No one
can accuse Bishop Burnet of a want of steady
attachment to the interests of the church. The
author of his life tells us that—" In his charges
to the clergy, he exclaimed against pluralities as
a sacrilegious robbery of the revenues of the
church. In his first visitation at Salisbury, he
urged the authority of St. Bernard, who, being
consulted by one of his followers whether he
might not accept two benefices, replied, And
how will you be able to serve them both ?' I
intend,' answered the priest, to officiate in one
of them by deputy.' Will your deputy be
damned for you too (cried the saint) ? Be-
lieve me, you may serve your cure by proxy,
but you must be damned in person.' The
system which St. Bernard thus strongly and
somewhat humourously reprobated, is the sys-
tem from which the parasite of the Treasury
draws his precedents to justify the dispensation
of church patronage by Lord Grey. If the
stall in Westminster have duties attached to it,
the case of Dr. Grey is as bad as that of Dr.
Luxmore. If it be a sinecure, the reform
Premier ought to haie abolished it, or trans-
ferred its income to sonic really poor living, or,
at least, given it to some clergyman of dis-
tinguished ability or virtue, who had no other
preferment in the church. As to the last point
—the appeal to public compassion or charity—
let us see how it bears on the question :
" It may be added that the present Bishop, Dr.
Grey, has a family of twelve children." We
wonder the Maltliusian who wrote this did not
feel the hair of his head stand on end at the
idea of a man incurring the guilty" paternity
of twelve children without the means of sup-
porting them. In the labourer it is accounted
a crime, by the disciples of Malthus, that he
should have one child more than he can sup-
port without an appeal to public charity. He
is told it is a dishonest thing of him to burden
the parish with children for whose maintenance
he cannot fully provide. Readers of the ex-
tracts of the Poor Law Commission and of Miss
Martineau's Maithusian romances, are ye not
astonished at hearing a disciple of the great
hater of little children appeal to the compas-
sionate feelings of the public on behalf of the
numerous progeny of a Bishop, which the ample
domains of Hereford cannot maintain without
the additional support and nurture of one of the
rich stalls of Westminster ? There is no doubt
that the grasping spirit of nepotism which Earl
Grey has displayed ever since he came into
office has great influence in breaking down the
moral authority of his Government. He has
just given a fresh instance of it in appointing
another near relative to the sinecure office of
Comptroller of the Household, or head butler,
or something of that sort, under the Marquis
Wellesley in Ireland, with a salary of 2,000/. a
year. Such things may also be defended by
precedents, but snch precedents cannot be
quoted with either honesty or grace by a purity
of principle Administration.—Mornin a Herald.
Mr. Alexander Baring, who, after losing his
rotten boroughs, miraculously found a seat in
North Essex (the only district in the kingdom
where his pretensions would not have been in-
dignantly scouted), is endeavouring, by the aid
of the clergy, to identify agriculture and
n.) conser-
He ded last k a meetin conser-
vatism.
signaled " Theatten fruckfordwee Agriculturalg, and
proceedings began
Conservative Club."
very innocently with The
s ; hut the
bestowing matches
bestowing rewards on farmers servant
real and serious business of the day took lace
p
after dinner, when it was found quite impossible
(in vino veritas) to disguise the objects of the
parties to this most impudent imposition on the
understandings of the rustic constituency. So

The Lord Chancellor's declaration at the
meeting at York will, we trust produce a salu-
tary impression throughout the country :
" He should say that he wished for no marble—
that he wished for no brass—that he wanted no
inscription ; but that they would best testify their
affection for his name and exalt his memory who
amongst them did the most to imitate his acts, and
who effected the most good for their fellow-crea-
tures in proportion to the means allowed. * *
Now, if he (Lord Brougham) were asked what
sort of an institution he should recommend, he
would only say there were numerous classes
of persons to whom some foundation would
be a blessing.. There had been for many
years at Liverpool an institution for persons who
from their birth had been afflicted with blindness,
which had been extensively useful in its results,
though wholly insufficient for the wants of so po-
pulous a district. In Yorkshire there had never
been such an institution, though in no county was it
more wanted. But he confessed that his own views
went beyond such a limited institution, and he was
not without sanguine hopes that a fund might be
collected in Yorkshire, where had begun, and been
carried on, and brought to a successful issue, the
abolition of the African slave trade, and where also
had originated that spirit which had at length
forced on measures for the extirpation of negro
slavery,—not assuredly until the eleventh hour, and
when it could no longer be delayed even for a mo-
ment,—a fund which would enable Yorkshire also
to effect the good work, not of extirpating slavery,
—for, thank God, we knew it not in this country,
—but of extirpating ignorance, which unhappily we
did know to a horrible extent, and the bitter fruits
of which we were tasting, and should continue to
taste.—(Applause.) And then he trusted, when ig-
norance was conquered, the execrable but legitimate
offspring of ignorance would also be triumphed over,
—he meant discord, intolerance, and vice.—(Loud
cheers.) If we were told that Parliament had the
power to attain this noble end, he must say that his
hopes in such a quarter were not very strong—(and
he averred he spoke with all reverence and affection
for that body)—when he found 't he supplies for
educating the people were voted at so late a period,
and to so limited an extent—late, because 15 years
had elapsed since the publication of the report which
recommended a grant—and limited, since that grant
was bestowed, to the amount only of 20,0001., at a
time when 20,000,0001. were given—justly he did
not deny—fitly he would sly nothing about— with
his full concurrence, certainly—his full approbation
—as a compensation for the abolition of negro
slavery. He thought that the efforts of the people
were still wanting for the purpose of promoting edu-
cation, and that Parliament would render no sub-
stantial assistance until they themselves took the
matter into hand with energy and spirit, and the
determination to do something."
The Lord Chancellor has the merit of having
set on foot an inquiry which had for object to
rescue the immense sums bequeathed for pur-
poses of education to its legitimate purpose.
There are in England enormous funds appli-
cable to purposes of education ; and we trust
that the day is not distant when this most im-
portant subject will be taken up in a suitable
manner. It has been too much and too long
the fashion in England to consider the lower
orders merely in the light of instruments of pro-
duction. The Legislature have thought of them
only in connection with restrictions and penal
laws ; never with a view to their improvement, or
the means of enlarging their circle of enjoyment.
The Committee of last session on the subject
of public walks, with a view to the healthful
amusement of the people, is quite a new feature
in our Legislature. Let us hope that the strictures
of the Lord Chancellor will shame the higher
classes out of their culpable indifference to the
moral improvement of the people. The greatest of
all tyrants is ignorance. England is the only coun-
try calling itself Protestant in which the educa•
Lion of the people has been utterly neglected.
In fact, the schoolmaster is of far more impor-
tance with reference to the moral and religious
condition of the people than the clergyman,
because the conduct of the man must always be
greatly dependent on the pains taken on his
culture in youth. If the schoolmaster has done
his part, the part of the clergyman is easy ; but
if the schoolmaster have not done his part, the
clergyman's labour is thrown away. In fact, we
have been assured by clergymen resident in dark
districts of England, that the ignorance of the
people rendered it impossible to convey any
religious notions whatever to them. But the
clergy have been objects of the attention of the
Legislature, because good livings are desirable ;
while the gentry could derive no benefit from
appointments to schools.—Morning Chronicle.
We alluded some time ago to the dispute
between the medical officers and the committee
of the Aldersgate Dispensary, which appeared to
us to offer another disgusting instance of the
disposition to job, which prevails so extensively
with our parish juntas. This disposition ought
to be animadverted on with severity, by all who
have any influence on public opinion. From
the flourishing state of the finances of the Dis-
pensary, it is impossible to assign any other
es
ua übssec
rliobr
e rs alteringto
vote the law
at
el so
ee
ti o
nass,
tt
ho a
nallow
irsehc e
tnot
open a door to corruption. We trust that, at all
events, no medical men of any
themselves respectability a
will
so far forget what is due to to
make themselves accessory to a scheme, which
would would effectually degrade their body. Were
i

year more than one-fourth of the income
was invested to increase the funded pro-
perty of the Institution, and that after defraying
all unnecessary as well as necessary expense.
We trust that the interposition of the public
will not have been without its effect. Light is

the best corrective of attempts to job. A public
charitable institution must be managed in ac-
cordance with public opinion. We are sure
that there is too much good feeling in the
public to sanction an attempt to consecrate a
principle which tends avowedly to generate cor-
rupt practices. The Committee would do well
to repeal the objectionable law, and to recall
their late medical officers, who could have no
other object in view than to preserve the respec-
tability of the institution. The poor must not
he considered as at the disposal of whoever is
able to purchase the power of mangling them.
We trust that not only will this objectionable rule
be rescinded, but that the stand which has been
made by the medical officers will act beneficially
on other institutions.—Morning Chronicle.
The long-predicted death of Ferdinand VII„
King of Spain, has been at length announced
by the telegraph from Bayonne as having taken
place on Sunday the 29th ult. From the demise
of this Prince it has long been feared that a
civil war would become inevitable between the

" Ferdinand VII., King of Spain, is like a lusty
country gentleman, not the meagre figure be appears in
Madame Tassaud's exhibition ; he is large, almost to the
extent of corpulency; his countenance is fat and heavy,
but good natured, with nothing of hauteur, still less of
ferocity, i❑ it ; it betrays, in fact, a total want of character
of any kind. The Queen is a remarkably pleasing, and,
indeed, a remarkably pretty woman, and the charm of
affability which is universally granted to her by those who
have had the honour to approach her person, shines
conspicuously in her countenance ; she looks like twenty-
eight years of age, but I believe she is some years younger.
The King took litee notice of the people who stood by,
and who acknowledged the Royal presence, but the Queen
bestowed upon them her usual smiles and couretsies. She
was then a❑ object of much interest with the public, for
she was expected shortly to give birth to an heir to the
Spanish throne ; and to this event most thinking persons
looked forward, as one that must produce an important in-
fluence upon the future condition of Spain. His Majesty
stepped into the carriage first, leaving the Queen to the
gallantry of an old General, who was their only attendant
—perhaps this is Spanish court etiquette ; but that I may
not be the means of fixing upon his Majesty the character
of an ungallant Monarch, I must relate a circumstance
that will certainly make amends for this seemingly ungra-
cious act.

two parties into which the Spanish nation is
supposed to be divided. During the greater
portion of Ferdinand's reign the absolutist, or,
what is synonymous with it, the church faction,
was engaged in frequent attempts to harden and
exasperate the spirit of the existing administra-
tion against the friends of lawful and constitu-
tional government, and to crush by dint of uni-
versal terror every principle and material of future
resistance to the real supremacy of the priest-
hood, to be exercised through the forms of a
temporal monarchy. Ferdinand had no scruple of
conscience or honour about making the people
slaves, but he dreaded the failure of a system
so violent and revolting as that to which the
monkish faction would have urged him ; and
even from its success he shrunk with dismay,
lest the lion's share of the despotism, when
accomplished, might fall to his ecclesiastical
allies. Cowardice and cunning, both in the
extreme, were the keys to his entire adminis-
tration. His reign was a shuffle from begin-
ning to end. As compared with the church
and with his brother Carlos, its superstitious
and sanguinary, but unflinching champion, Fer-
dinand affected a sort of milieu policy, with a
little more tendency to the tyrannical or the
forbearing as the influence of the arbitrary
Courts of Europe or of Great Britain might
preponderate. The war in Portugal, had it been
merely a contest, however unnatural, between
two brothers for a neighbouring crown, might
have been looked upon by Ferdinand, not only
with indifference, but with complacency, because
it would help to distract and enfeeble a king-
dom over which the Spanish branch of the
House of Bourbon has at no time ceased
to indulge the ambition of reigning. But
the Portuguese war embraced more extensive
and alarming objects. Its results were to be
constitutional or arbitrary government in Por-
tugal, and its sympathies, which pervaded the
whole of Europe, acted upon Spain with a more
immediate and trying pressure. From the outset
of that struggle the dearest object of the Spanish
Court, and at one moment there is reason to
believe its actual determination, was to interfere
by force of arms and establish Miguel and the
reign of murder in Portugal : but England
threatened force for force, and, as usual, Ferdi-
nand and his ignoble Ministers yielded, con-
fining their unlawful support of Miguel to money
and other fraudulent appliances. In the mean
time, one strong measure resorted to by Ferdi-
nand drew a more definite and lasting line of

separation between the Spanish partisans of
Carlos and the church and their opponents. By
a formal act of state, that is, by the repeal of the
Salie law, he opened the succession to his daugh-
ter, and excluded Carlos not only from the throne,
but from all share in the Regency. This has
been, in fact, a declaration of war against the
principle of despotism throughout the Peninsula,
inasmuch as it seems obvious that after the death
of Ferdinand there is no power capable of resist-
ing the Carlist faction but a close and hearty
union of Spaniards of all other denominations.
Ofthese the ablest minds are to be found among
the advocates of a free and representative Go-
vernment, and into their arms we apprehend the
Regent must throw herself, if she entertains
any rational hope of insuring her daughter's
succession. The army are said to be friends to
constitutional freedom—if so, an important,
though not infallible, auxiliary is added to the
young Queen's cause ; but, on the other hand,
the accessible wealth of Spain is for the most
part at the disposal of the clergy. We are
aware of the danger of pronouncing upon the
advent of political contingencies, and there exists,
perhaps, no more uncertain element of calcula-
tion than the national character of Spain, as an
index to the part which that wayward and ec-
centric people might be inclined to take under
emergencieswhich would enable us to predicate
securely
the
conduct of other nations. So far as
appearances go, a civil war, at no distant date,
may be looked for as the natural result of the de-

" I happened to be walking one day in the Calle de Al-
cala, when the royal carriage drove up to the door of the
Cabinet of Natural History, and being close by, I stopped
to see the King and Queen. The King stepped from
the carriage first, he then lifted from the carriage a very
large poodle dog, and then the Queen followed, whom,
contrary no doubt to royal etiquette, his Majesty did not
hand, but lifted and placed on the pavement, and then
turning to the crowd who surrounded the carriage, he
said to them 'Pesa memos el matriomoni,' which means
matrimony is a lighter burden than the dog,—a very tole-
rable jeu d'esprit to have come how Ferdinand VII.
"It is a general belief in England that the King of
Spain seldom trusts himself out of his palace, at all events
not without a formidable guard; but this idea is quite
erroneous,—no Monarch in Europe is oftener seen without
guards than the King of Spain. I could give numerous
instances of this which have fallen under my own obser-
vation, but I shall content myself with one :—A few days
before leaving Madrid, while walking in the Reim about
six in the evening, in one of the most private walks I
observed a lusty gentleman in blue coat and drab trousers,
with one companion, about 20 paces in advance, and
as my pace was quicker than theirs I caught a side
look of the lusty gentleman's face—it was the King,
accompanied by a new valet, who had just succeeded Meris,
who di, d a week or two before of apoplexy. I had frequently
seen the King without guards, but never before at so great
a distance from attendants, or in so retired a place; and
that I might be quite certain that this was indeed the re-
doubtable Ferdinand, I followed in place of passing. He
walked the whole length of the Retiro, parts of which are
more tha❑ a mile from any guard or gate ; the garden is
open to everybody ; some of the walks are extremely se-
cluded ; so that he was the whole of the time entirely in
the power of any individual who might have harboured a
design against him ; and all this struck me the more for-
cibly, since upon that very day it had been announced for
the first time in the Gaceta de Madrid, that the refugees
bad passed the frontier; and in the same paper the ordi-
nance had appeared for closing the universities. The
King walked like a man who had nothing to fear, and
never once looked behind him, though his companion occa-
sionally did. Before walking the circuit of the Retiro,
he reached the frequented walks, which were then
crowded, and where he was of course recognised, and
received as usual. This exposure of himself seemed to me
extraordinary, and scarcely to be accounted for; the best
of Kings have occasionally suffered by their temerity, and
surely Ferdinand can have no right to suppose himself
without an enemy ; his conduct showed either a very good
or a very hardened conscience.
" But, in truth, the King has not many enemies ;
many despise him, but few would injure him. I have
heard men of all parties—the warmest Carlists, the most
decided Liberals—speak of him without reserve; and all
speak of loim as a man whose greatest fault is a want of
character—as a man not naturally bad—good tempered,
and who might do better were he better advised. An
honest adviser, a lover of his Monarch, and a lover of his
country, Ferdinand has never had the good fortune to pos-
sess; but counselled always by men who desire only to en-
rich themselves and to maintain their power, be is con-
stantly led to commit acts both of injustice and despotism,
which have earned for him the character of tyrant. A
despicable King might often make a respectable private
gentleman. That capital failing in the character of au
absolute King, which may be called want of character—
leading him to listen to every tale that is told—is the
fruitful source of injustice in every department of the
Spanish Government. And the same fault that in a King
leads to the advancement of knaves and the neglect of de-
serving men—to the robbery of the nation and the ill
serving of the state, would in a private sphere only lead to
the dismissal of a footman or the change of a fruiterer. I
am acquainted with a Colonel in the Spanish service,
who, after serving his country 15 years, and receiving
I'7 wounds, was rewarded with the government
of an important fortress ; two months after being
appointed to this employment he lost it, and a distant
connexion of the mistress of one of the ministers was
put in his place. The colonel demanded and obtained
an audience of the King ; showed his wounds, and
asked what crime he had committed ; the King said he
must inquire of Salmon, who had told something to his
disadvantage, and this was all the satisfaction he ever ob-
tained. This man, a brave officer, and a loyal subject,
was converted into a disaffected person ; and yet even he,
although the❑ leagued with the Carlists, spoke of the King
as a man who would act better if he were better advised :
' Leave him,' said he, the name of King ; let him per-
ceive no difference in the externals of royalty; leave him
his secretaries and valets ; give him his segar, and let him
have his wife's apartments at hand, and he would consent
to any change that might be proposed to him by an honest
and able minister.' A bad education has produced its
worst effects upon a naturally irresolute and rather weak
mind. Ferdinand was badly brought up by his mother ;
at an early age he was shamefully kidnapped by Napoleon,
and long kept a prisoner, where he could learn nothing of
the art of good government. He afterwards fell into the
hands of a bigot, his late wife, and constantly assured by
those around him of the precariousness of his throne,
with the Liberals on one side, and the Apostolicals on the
other, he has felt the impossibility of acting for himself,
and has confided all to those who have undertaken to keep
the state vessel afloat."

PORTSMOUTH, OCT. s.—lntelligence is received
by the Sesostris of a very dashing and successful
attack in the Straits of Malacca, by the boats of his
Majesty's ship Harrier, Commander Spencer Vas-
sail, on a strong nest of Malay pirates, which has
been completely routed, their settlement and village
destroyed, with all their pirate vessels. Commander
Spencer Vassal, on his return to Singapore, re-
ceived an extremely handsome letter from the Go-
vernment there, specifying the great benefit that
must accrue, for some time at least, from his spirited
and gallant conduct.
Letters have been received from his Majesty's
ship Isis, dated Ascension, August 18,1833. The
flag of Rear-Admiral Warren was hoisted on board
the Badger, and that ship, with the Charybdis,
were the only men-of-war left at the Cape. The
latter was to sail for England on the arrival of the
Pelorus from Ceylon, and she was expected to be
at the Cape in a fortnight. The Pelorus would then
receive the Admiral's flag. Major-General Sir
Lowry Cole was coming home in the Belle Alli-
ance, merchantman, then lying at the Cape when
the Isis left. Lieut. R. Warren, the Flag Lieute-
nant, was appointed by the Admiral to the command
of the Trinculo until Commander Booth had re-
joined her, and Lieut. Puget was acting flag during
the absence of Lieut. Warren. The Isis was very
healthy.
BRITISH MEN OF WAR ON FOREIGN STATIONS.
—The Algerine, 10, Corn. De Roos, arrived at Rio
on the 23d of August, from Bahia; the Snake, 16,
Corn. Robertson, on the 26th, from Plymouth;
and the Satellite, 18, Com. Smart, from Ports-
mouth, on the 31st ; the latter had touched at
Bahia. The Pylades, 18, Com. Blanekley, left Rio
on the 17th July, for Valparaiso. The Thais packet
arrived at Vera Cruz on the 29th July, from Fal-
mouth, and was expected to sail o►► her return on
the 12th August. The Salamander steamer arrived
at Lisbon on the 22d September, from Portsmouth.
The Hermes steamer left Gibraltar on the 13th
September, for Malta.
The Vestal, 36, Capt. Jones, and Rapid, 10,
Lieut. Patten, arrived here on Tuesday, from the
westward. They parted company with the Endy-
mion on Thursday, off Milford, and that frigate
sailed direct for Cork. The Vestal will sail on
Tuesday for the West Indies.
The Challenger, 28, Capt. Michael Seymour,
will go out of harbour to Spithead on Thursday,
and will sail on Saturday for South America.
The Illustrious, 74, and Marlborough, 74, in this
dock-yard, are intended to be fitted for the prac-
tice of naval gunnery. They are to be always in
readiness to proceed to sea, should they be required.
The !Etna, 8, surveying vessel, fitting out in this
harbour, is expected to be ready for sea by the Ist
of nexth month. She is to proceed to the west coast
of Africa, and Corn. Skyring is to proceed to com-
plete the survey commenced by Capt. Becher.
On Friday the 20th, sailed from Spithead that
splendid ship, the Baretto Junior, for Bengal.
Captain Saunders, who commanded her, arrived
in this country but a few weeks since, in the com-
mand of the Layton, East Indiaman, with a full
share of passengers, who were anxious on their ar-
rival to return some token of their regard and
thanks to the Captain, for the attention and com-
fort they had experienced under his management on
their voyage. A few days before he again left his
native country, he received a handsome silver salver
with the following inscription :—" Presented to
Captain R. Saunders, of the ship Layton, in ac-
knowledgment of his kind attentions and liberality
to his passengers, during the voyage from Bengal to
England, 1833."
Captain Lord James Townshend has removed
himself from the Dublin to the Tyne, 28, exchang-
ing with Captain Charles Hope; this will bring his
Lordship earlier to England. The next ship ex-
pected from the Pacific with treasure is the Rattle-
snake, 28, Captain Graham. Captain Richard
Dickinson, of the Talbot, is ordered from the Cape
of Good Hope to England, to be tried by a court-
martial, for having opened Admiral Warren's public
and private despatches, when lying in Port Louis,
at the Mauritius, the Admiral being absent at the
Cape of Good Hope. He brings home Captain
Polkinghorne, of the Isis, and Commander Booth,
of the Trinculo, the bearer of the despatches in
question, as his witnesses.
The Hon. John Rodney, who has recently been
restored to the retired list of Captains in the navy,
is the father of Lady George Lennox. He has
been latterly and for some years Accountant-General
in the island of Ceylon, and was dismissed the
service so far back as when Lord Sandwich was at the
Admiralty, for having taken leave of absence,
against the orders of that Board, in order to visit
his dying wife.
The Duchess of Kent has become the Patroness
of the Royal Naval Philanthropic Society, the ob-
ject of which is to form a fund for the payment of a
sum of money at the death of its members, with a
view to soften the affliction of the wife, child, or
relative, by contributing towards the expense in-
curred on such occasions.
Mr. Maitland, Master-rigger of this dock-yard,
with the principal officers of the department, has
presented her Royal Highness the Princess Vic-
toria with the model of a corvette of 22 guns,
which her Royal Highness has been most graciously
pleased to accept. On the Duchess of Kent and
the Princess landing at the King's Stairs yesterday,
at their Royal Highnesses' request, Mr. Maitland had
the honour of being introduced by the Admiral
Superintendent, when the Duchess and Princess
warmly expressed their thanks (which had been
previously conveyed by letter) for the present, and
their great admiration of it; a consideration which
was acknowledged by Mr. Maitland in a manner
perfectly characteristic of the loyalty of this much
esteemed and excellent old sailor. The model,
which is a very beautiful one, is on a half-inch scale,
rigged on the new establishment, with all her guns,
anchors, cables, boats, running-rigging complete.
Her length is four feet seven inches; extreme
breadth, one foot three inches and a quarter. The
Emerald yacht was sent for it on Wednesday, and
conveyed it to Norris Castle.

A woman of the name of Curtis, who for
many years had kept a fruitstall in the market of this
town, died on Saturday morning last, from the effect of an
attack made upon her, on the Tuesday preceding, by one
of her feline favourites, a species of animal of which she
was very fond. From certain circumstances, however, it
appears, she was desirous of destroying the cat in question,
which she had but lately purchased on account of its
superior beauty, and to effect this, she tied a weight round
its neck and immersed it in a bucket of water. The cat,
it appears, in struggling, contrived to extricate itself, on
which it flew at its mistress in the most desperate and
ferocious manner, and scratched her so much that mortifi-
cation ensued, of which she finally expired.—Plymouth
Journal.

DURING LAST WEEK.
Wheat. Barley. Oats.
Per Quarter. Is.to s. s. to s. s. to s.
Carlisle 53 20 4
H e xi's m 49 53 25 29 19 22 -7, 52
hlorpeth 149 53 24 26 18 21 50 1$
Penrith I 54 26 19 42
Sheffield 52 27 21 44
Winchester 50 55 22 26 22 24 42 I. 4,
Per Bushel. s.d. c. d. s. d. s.d. c. d. s.d. s. d. 0 0
Carmarthen........... 60 66 26 29 1 4 18 00 60
Cowbridge— 66 70 29 40 26 30 56 53 I
Newcastle (Staff.) 80 89, 4 6 50 30 34 5 60
Northallerton—.... 70 931 3 6 46 33 40 56 61
80 8 6 4 0 4 8 3 0 34 60 06
Swansea „ 6B 70 36 39 1 9 22 00 60
Warwick 9 0 11 0, 3 0 4 6 2 0 3 3 5
Per 8011. 6 a
Barnardcastle.—.. ,12 0 166, 80 86 50 60 10 q 0
Durham 1150 14 01 7 0 8 0 4 0 5 6 7 70
Richmond 110 16 6 86 90 50 64 0 96
Stockton 6 12 G' 9 6 10 0 5 0 5 4 7

" I was witness another time to a strange scene of ri-
valry between the King and Don Carlos. When the
and carriagehiswdirfre up
and.
fattno
itl
yh etvgeartee os
ef a
ttehde Court,iti the
area,Don
CKa
nai dnn King's
s carriage was in waiting. Upon this occasion the
King arrived in state ; a party of dragoons attended him,
and his coachmen were in Court dresses. The carriage of
Don Carlos was in strange contrast with that of the King ;
it was drawn by six mules harnessed with ropes ; in place
of postillions in Court dresses, his servants were in the
dress of Spanish peasants in their helyday clothes—one on
the coach box, the other employed as a runner by the head
of the mules. Don Carlos affects all this appearance of
simplicity and Spanish usage to please the people ; and
for the same reasoa his wife generally appears in a manti-
lla. The moment the King's carriage appeared Don Carlos
left the Court with his wife, and continued to walk in the
most crowded part of thegarden, while, the King and Queen
remained, dividing the attention which their Majesties
would otherwise have received, and indeed engrossing the
larger share of it. I could not avoid remarking the
greater popularity of Don Carlos among the lower orders ;
while they only took off their hats 89 the King pahsed,
they bowed almost to the ground at the presence of the
Infante, The appearance of the Quell, however, always

EDINBURGH
We had a large suppl:
sales were heavy ; Barh
sale.
Wheat. Barley. Oats. Pease. Beam
First 64s Od 35s 6d 23s 4d —s (Al ,71
Second sBs Od 32s Od 20s Od —s Od --s
Third 46s Od 22s Od 18s Od —3 Od
PRICES OF PROVISIONS, &C. Dy
Beef, per lb. ... Os. 31d.t0 Os.6d. Fresh Butter, lb. I.lod. to leg
Nltitton--.. 021 0 6 Salt Ditto...—. 0 8 0 0
Veal O- 0 8 Ditto, per cv,t.'7o 0 11 0
Pork, 0 0 6 Eggs, per doz. 0 9 11 0
Lamb, per qr. 1 0 3 0 OatStraw(kpl.) 6 0 6
fallow, cwt.... 35 0 37 6 Wheat Ditto.. 6 0 v,
Quartern Loaf 0 71 0 0 Barley Ditto ... 4 6
Potatoes, l7llb. 0 4 0 0 Hay, per st..,—. 0 7 1'

MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT.A young gen-
tleman named Ford, who had lately arrived from India,
where his parents are now residing, met his death a day
or two since as follows :—The deceased and a gentleman,
named Holborn, were returning down the
river
and on arriving at Vauxhall,
the fm
stepping over the thwart to take his seat, be overbalanced
oin R
one
eor u t
pulled
ofle
lg
se ea,
r ol
u ef
sbioisat hsa,
t and coat to row, when, in
himself and was precipitated into the river. All attempts
to save him proved fruitless, and the body has not been
found,
