IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LOADS, JUNE 2.

The annual accounts of the East 'frulia Company ; an
account of the quantity of woollen goods exported for the
last ten years; and the 24th Report of the Commissioncc:4
for making and repairing the Caledonian Canal, were pre-
sented at the bar.

Sir ALEXANDER GRANT and whets from the Commons
brought up the Corn Bill, the Pensions Act Amendment
Bill, the Stamps Allowance Bill, the Law u Evidence Bill,
and the Cahn College Bill.
Lord.HoTHAM brought up the .' re and Calder Naviga-
tion Bill.

After the presentation of sever ‘,;etitions against gran
ing any further Concessions to 6, Catholics, and for tl
abolition of slavery,

The Earl of F, LbON. present/NI a petition front the Isle
of Portland against the S►nall Nett• Act.

The Earl of MALMESIWR:\ resented a petition to
the same effect froin 'Newport, Isle 44. v!ip.4l. Th.,
Noble Earl stated, that by ,thek-F Noss: Cnr-
culation of 11. notes would cease in April next, and he
thought that. the Act would be felt severely when it came
into operation.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petitions from
Romney Marsh, praying for protection against the impor-
tation of Foreign Wool. The Noble Duke also moved
that Mr. Irving, Inspector of Imports and Exports, I,
ordered to attend as a witness before the Wool Committee.
—Motion agreed to.
Earl STANHOPE. presented a petition from Whitby,
Yorkshire, dgainst any alteration in the Corn Laws.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE presented a petition from the
wool-manufacturers of Gallow Shiels against the imposi-
tion of a duty on foreign wool.

The Marquis of EXETER presented a petition from
the county of Rutland, against the proposed scale of duties
for the admission of foreign corn.
The E. 7.0 of MALNIESBURY gave notice of his inten-
tion to move that the Lunatic Asylum Bill be committed
on Wednesday next.
The Earl of CARNARVON gave notice of his inten-
tion to move the second reading of the Penryn Disfranchise-
ment Bill on Thursday, the 12th inst.
Earl GROSVENOR in presenting a petition from the
silk throwsters of CongletoH, against the importa-
tion of foreign thrown silk said that he had attended
before the adjournment, for the purpose of putting certain
questions on this subject to a Noble Earl not no 4, in his
place, but, IA the desire of the Noble Earl he had refrained
from putting the questions, as lie stated that he wished to
consult with other Ministers in the Lower House, the Colonial
Secretary and the President of the Board of Trade; but it
so happened, that the Noble Earl was no longer, he he-
lie►ed, a Member of his Majesty's Government, and
the distinguished persons who were to assist him with
their advice were not at present in any public situation.
Under these circumstances, he (Earl Grosvenor) felt great
difficulty as to the course which he ought to pursue. The
NoWe Earl proceeded to designate the various changes
which had lately taken place in the Ministry as highly dis-
satisfactory, and calculated to create discontent throughout
the country.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said I am sorry I am
net prepared to answer the question of the Noble Earl, but
if he puts his question in a few days hence, I or some
other person will be able to answer then.
The Earl of MALMESBURY thought the subject de-
served the most serious attention,

GRANT TO MR. CANNING'S FAMILY.
The Duke of WELLINGTON moved the first reading
of the Pensions Act Amendment Bill, and gave notice of
the second reading on Friday next. The Corn Bill was
read a first tine, and the second reading was fixed next
Friday week.
The Scotch Peerage Bill was read a second time, and
the discussion is to be taken on the motion for going into
the Committee.

After some further business of no particular interest, their
Lordships adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JUNE 2.

The gallery was crowded this day at an 'unusually early
hour, in consequence of the expectation which prevailed
that so►ne discussion would take place on the late Ministe-
rial rupture. A similar anxiety appeared to prevail in
the body of the House, as all the seats were taken by
Members.

The SPEAKER entered the House, at ten minutes befire
four o'clock, and prayers having been read, the House pro-
ceeded to business.

[Mr. flusKtisos, Mr. CHARLES GRANT, and Lord
PALMERSTON entered the House at tire o'clock, and sat on
the neutral benches, under the gallery.]
Mr. Crafer, from the Treasury, presented certain ac-
counts connected with the Customs, pursuant to Act of
Parliament.

On the motion of Lord HOTHAM, the Ake and Cal-
der Navigation Bill was read a third tune and passed.
Mr. JONES presented a petition from the Mayor,
Burgesses, and inkabitants of Carmarthen, against the
Bill fur the suppression of the Small Note circulation. Or-
dered to lie on the table.

Colon?' POWELL presented a similar petition from
Cardiff,

General PHIPPS also preSented a similar petition from
Scarborough.
Mr. M'KINNON presented a petition a from Ips-
wich, praying for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. W. LAMB brought in a Bill to provide a public
office for records in Ireland.—Bead a first time, and or-
dered to be read a second time on Friday next.

Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from Devizes against
the Act for the suppression of small notes.
Mr. HART DAVIS presented a petition from certain
Benefit Societies, against the Friendly Societies Bill.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from Glou-
cester, against the Bill for the suppression of small notes.
Sir T. MOST YN presented a similar petition from Mold.
Mr. HUME gave notice that, on Wednesday he would
move for an account of Stamp Duty collected in India, in
1823 and 1824.

Mr. MASTERTON URE presented a petition from
Weymouth, against the Small Not? Act.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE presented petitions from Win-
canton and Wells, respecting the sale of Cider.
Mr. WHITSIORE presented a petition from Shipton,
against any concession to the Catholics.
Mr. J. WOOD presented a petition from the manufac-
turers of Ashton-under-Lyne, praying for a minimum of
wages.

CRIPPS presented a petition front Cirencester fur
the abolition of slavery.
Sir THOMAS GOOCH presented two petitions to the
same effect, from Woodbridge and Thoruton, in Suffolk.
Mr. SYKES presented a petition front Hull, against
the Friendly Society Bill.
Mr. CALCRAFT presented a petition front Wareham,
against the Ale-house Licensing Bill.
Mr. HENRY GRATTAN presented a petition from
the Chamber of Commerce in Dublin, praying for a 'seduc-
tion of the duty on Coals imported into Ireland.
Mr. RAMSDEN presented a petition from Hudders-
field for the abolition of Negro Slavery; and a similar pe-
tition from Btadfiehl.

Mr. PORTINIAN presented a petition from Blandford,
against the Small Note Act.

Sir J. NFWPORT presented a petition flOin five pa
riches in the county of Mayo, complaining of the jurisdic-
tion of the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland.
EAST RETFORD DISFRANCHISEMENT BILL.
Mr. TENNYSON.—In rising to move that the order
of the day be now read for the House resolving itself into
a committee on the East Retfirel Disfranchisement Bill, I
cannot refrain from expressing my Bleep
regret that a
measure, which rests on grounds entirely constitutional,
and altogether distinct from party purposes,— a measure
of which the success was not calculated to affect the sta-
bility of any Administration,----a measure which I hoped
would be productive of unmixed advantage and benefit to
the country, should have occasioned a change in his Ma-
jesty's Government, which. I am persuaded, a vast majo-
rity of all the thinking men in the country esteem a public
misfortune.—(Hear, hear.) I say it is a public misfor-
tune that his Majesty's Ministers should be deprived of the
services of those counsellors on whom the House and the
countrymrnni mainly depended far wholesome measures; fir
good goret at home, and for wise policy in all foreign
relations, at a period of interest not only to Europe, but
also to the whole of the civilized world. (Hear, hear.)
We have yet to learn to whom this calamity is owing.
(Hear.) I will not believe on the one hand, that
the Righl: Hon. Gentleman who lately held the seals of the
colonial department, after having once cousented—unad-
