.
'
.
' ' ' .or-Generals the Duke of Sate-
ever from all public employments' among them tire THE WHALE FISHERY. EXPRESS FROM PARIS.
st i sitt
tid Post - Colonels Reuther and Li 11
Motion. It is also stated, that 011 the 10th of Oc- state, and that evedually she will pass over as a province neral 'I rip and Maj , ..
all the, friends of Maurocordato, 'M. Souzzo, celee •
~ tober the tri-colonred Ilag, which had already been to France. In every step of this march of events thereis Weimar a ~. . . Ih.
. .
'larger ; and hence the inqpietule at this moment pre- et Antwerp;
brated for his enlightened patriotism, .and . biw elo. (From the ardl Packet.) . (From the Messaper des Chambres, dated Wednesdap) saluted by Admiral Malcolm, would be hoisted on
.•
quent pleadings.in favour of the Abbe Fes'inetki,4lll. F"F• 4°- •
me time past considerable anxiety has existed in
...“ PERpIoNAN, OCT. 4. the Parthenon at Athens, in cordenction with those veiling here respectiog.
Government. . "
the. foreign relations of the new w 0,,,„„
its
" It nppears that . Liege and Ghent do not tio
,eirt,..wie from the absence of any information regarding
eat
Clonares, hie friend, and the friend of all honest nePti. " My last letters gayer you some curious details of England and Russia. :
"As to their internal condition, it is far from being ••` •
cur in opinion with the Provisional Govetisteor
from his dee_
e, ehe vessels employed in die above fishery, which forms so,
The following is the hittAi "o The follewing, hem Constantinople, is dated s_
The latter laas, been discharged r s ctin our refugees. • ettled ; the Government waste strength, and hope. to c°n • ~
and -Major-General Bocce ald
'"" -"' important a branch of the commercial opeeulatione of this ePe g
orm of government lo he chosen f I
. Advocate-General, and succeeded by the Secretary
acquire it at the new elections. Commercial dietress opt:- °II the r
hi these two tawns, it is believed ant
pert. Early, on Siturday morniug last,- we state with the information I have been able to collect, and I hasten September 10:-. Periez•Effendi has been well re-
Beleitim.
ceived at Cairo by ihe.Nrieeroy of Egypt and his rating through its various channels, affects the people, who to-
of the Tribunal,-11 Man without education oe talents' sincerest regret intelligence was at length received, not 0 transmit it to you :-
1l• veto a federal one-is not a form of g
but the husband of a pretty woman.-Courice •de „n; -' ' - I o The comte d'Espagne is at Maiisanes with 700 ion. After the first interview, Mehemet-Ali caused have, in their torn, amoni them, as is found under sitni• relmolc-e
The Privet
y that the fishery of the Lite season lad proved a total
hut** vernmeut in any way befitting Belgiurn. „
Sonyrne. failure, but thet it lied been attended with loss and casualty men. A part of the garrison of Puycerda have mid- 411 armaments to cease, end the good understanding lar circumstances in every other country, cast up c .
a ravourito
is- of Orange's proclernation has produced .
, (From the Moniteur of Menday.) to the vessels employed in it, wholly unprecedented in the alertly quitted this place for the interior of Catalonia, between him and the. Porte has been perfectly re- of idle and &solute fellows, who feed the elements of d
d Lott v• in. At Ghee!, ut
" The French Government has given the strictest annals of the trade. To till tvlio are acquainted with the where a movement is apprehended. A proclama- established. The Sul'an, "by conferring upon bim cord, and reit! questions upon the payment of labour, impression at Ghent .an :I:.
_5
)oe(i
„ersoni
which recruit the ranks of the unemployed by adding to particular. there are many st" 11 di 1 _
.' In, the
orders that no Frenchman and no arms shall pass extent to whieh that trade bears upon the interests of the Hon, written in the Cutalonian dialect, has been dis- an increase of authority, and appointing him Go-
their numbers man who cin et work but will not take desire a, change of sews a a
. the frontiers for the purpose of assisting the Belgians. population ef this vicinity,...-how intimately it is combined tribute() in the province. I linve read it, und it. vernor of the island of Candia, Ilan adopted the , • Y .K.
.r . who anxiously
it u n the onl terms on. which it is obtatnalil e Ido restoration of order. -. .
cell the prowerity of the town generally, and what a nie-
lenguage is very severe. The refugees form two only means in his power to secure the future posses,
f h orthern
. In conformity with this prohibition, a detachment '
e not el"nter i 1 ' c h 1 • ef
eto t,e merits o. t..e controversy of tais r-rac-
" A number of officers, natives ot e n .
, inerous class of the inhabitante are connected in some wav -
the 16th lil-
a Belgians comingfrom Paris wits drawn up on Inc o • ' corps; one under the command of General -Milsns,* sion of that island. It is said
,that the Viceroy eas
tory clue of the lineal to •ed, or com lain of the apparent
ti chiefly helmigirig to , ,
tiler with the individuals who eeke uart in the adven- ~.
rovinces, an .
loc.
311 inst. on the parade at Valenciennes to see
s mous voyages rendered necessary for its successful prose.
• ovho wishes, it is said to make the • attempt ; the lately sent off Considerable sums of money to the
r want of firMness of thPe luthoritiee, Pin not meting the P
• vision of Infantry, which. formed, the garri.
rt.
whether there were any Frenchmen among them, eution-it will afford little Matter for surpriee when we other, whose chief is unknown to me, appears dis- Porte, which are shortly expected.' exigence with more firmness; I only mentinn it as fur-
beine abendoned by their troops
and ten of the latter being recognized as such,. were state thet on the propagation of the report that had new* posed to leave the safety of Spain to the natural " The frigates Le Thesie and La Calypso, with nideng, at this moment, a source of excitement which Ypres, after
ive the two.
. .
ceived a notice that they must les
fn.
compelled by the civil and military uuthorities to hail transpired from the fishery, gloom and deepondency course of politics, rather than to the chances of a the sharp La armite, arrived on the sth instant at gives fuel to all kinde of popular efferverenee. .
se civilians, they co
turn back. Every friend of peace and of hie country pervaded the whole population. Anxious groups were col- perilous and imprudent expedition. Toulon from Cutlac, where they had landed 78.5 " The eel ying point fur the deposition of ill the,. Having dresred themselves _ a
to
hie,.. ow
has applauded tins step. 'On the other hatide tie leeted in the public streetse eagerly enquiring the nature " The Comte de Linalis, a rich landowner in Spas 'furls, sent out of Algiers. angry elements ia at this moment the question of the aholi- ' menred their journey with 4 efeW el !, L.. 6 0„
s eedily as P°'""wed hY
learn that the Frenchmen who should attempt, hy and extent of the reported disasters ; and rumours of the 'daft Cardagne, has been seen upon the front:er.- "It is stated that in cottsequence of the discussion tion of the penalty of death, which does not appear to northern prnyieces as p
were 110 PP.
have been inauaged by the Government with sufficient -the fallowing day, however, they .
il__, to
Hiking by-roads, to reach the frontiers would be '""'t di'treesing and aggravated character were speedily Captain Garcias Hidalgo, known by his proven on the subject of the aholition of theepenalty of death
Ise 0
there stopped and obliged to returti.--',/ournal du circulated and believed. As far ite loss of life wow the sub- valour is constantly at Montlouis. Colonel Bayis, the Minister of Justice has written to the Attorney- 'dexterity. It was kept nearly six weeks 'under conside- u Burgher Guard, 1
tine conveyed as pt
Nord. ject of thew exaggerated statementie we are most happy to ' •.. • • G I fhR IC t's dallxc ration, in one shape or another, before the Chernber of Bregeo
, 1 G • 1 M'l
a talented and spinted man, is wit 1 eneia I KOS, enera s o t e oya ourts oen pen e e ti-
' '
have it in our power to g.ve it a decided contradiction. • Deputies, and although confessedly argued as an abstract . ..... . „,..
(From the Gazette de France, Oct. 12.) • " The persecutions of the Comte cr &Einem floret until after the decision of- this greae question --- -
ele. I.
Eighteen veesele in the whole, six of them belonging to this topic, in:mingled with any poetising transaction, the decision
LETT.ERS• ON POLAND...
against the French follow their usual course. Ain criminal jurisprudence. .
" PARIS, OCT. 11. port alone, have been destroyed in the perilous navigation upon it was announced almost at the moment when the -
- • ••'----- ' - lo "
" The Memorial de Toulouse announces diet the of wheel the 1),,1ar. seas afford such awful examples, and man named Sitake, living at Montpelier, was ar- " The Chambre d'Aeensation Of the Royal Court' same chamber had determined to send the Eesennisters • -- - --- ' -.-. - _ern „valor or' .
" Magnus an integre femora
ONICLE.
Queen of Spain has been happily delivered of u the consegnent loss of property is enormous; • hut it is a iesiZol a few days ago at Jonquera. . A report has at Paris assembled on Monday to delibi'rete on the for trial upon a capital cease,. Cllll
To the EDITOR of the MORNING
Ito
. Prince. eubject for heartfelt th,inkfulneeti to the almighty dispo•er herr' circulated that an execution took place by facts imputed to M. Billet, ex-Procureur du Roi, 0. You tire not to give full credit to the accounts which
.wassnws seel• 2b' 11
, .
f firr on
of human events, that the crews of the vessels in question !tech-light, on the 27th of September, at Barcelona, and M. Camille Gaillard, examining Magistrate of are daily given in the French Jeurnele of alleged puhlic ,
"It appears that serious disturbences have taken : , tee rey 0
*avec., ant. t.i.it ..re amount
have been all, in the aggregate, I I 1 tt by the orders of the Captain-General. • the civil tribunal of the Seine, the former charged occurrences indicative of opinion on these matters ; for, 81n,-Larope la heemudig p ea, eet bres
place llt Montsuban : the details have not. yet been
• taint. driest/ " ' se 1
tif unfortunate individuals who have perished from fatigue with having required the 45 warrants against the instance, it is aot true that any member of the National sword. The most a
- nerappear at ~-11` •
received. • (Prom the Gazette de France.)
arid the severity of the weather, under this severe dispense- „ itturnalists who signed the protest of July 25, and Guard sheuted ' Death to Polignac' at last Sunday's overthrown, mid other revolutio
tro .
of the CO'
" A letter from Pampeluna of the 17th informs s :
t. Is at not mo than ten or twelve •of wham nly two " A letter from St. Petersburgb, dated the 2otn - . .
1 -with.having signed theee arra
the .atter w ,
nts and review. The cry did emanate from s pinion of the crowil Whoever has observed the procee i
it.
iurprised it
no (says tite Memorial (les I'J/reflect), that dis- sui9fs'w as we liatrree been able to'collec;, ate nativ:s Of thi; of Se 1 h h C d N i d
ptem ter, says tat t e oinit e esse ro e h I k I • . •
wooo el on, and only horn a small portton ; atilt await nets sitice a certain periods cann°l ,j. When
both with having afterwards destroyed the requisi-
. turhances have broken out ut Estella, the nature. of town-4 small moldier, indeed, when the extent of the returned here four days ago. heard with corn laisance by the rest and no counter- ' - •
lion and the warrants, lest they should become docu- • P . , . ' the events which they hare long Prep"' • d
i re-establishe
• which was not precisely known. A corregidor lied calemity is cousider,4l. Below will he found an accurate " The news from Brussels has prodteced a strong expression was vociferated. The occurred al Genteel after hac sig e. e,,
etas in tared against them The. Chamber /, f ee 1 • uropenn owls,
the E C ' ary erenc..
. gone thither, end commenced a jodicial inquiry, list' of the vessels engaged in the fishery, specifying those expression upon our Court, in consequence of the rn • • ' $ a ayetje enter tle Champ de Mars ' r revolution
although it acknowledged the reality of . these filets, divine light in the bosom ° • i. t the Bel-
which it was said would terminele iit a manner calcu- that are lost or have received damage and the number of Emperor's well-known attachment to hie sister,' the "It is not true that a great crowd assembled at nine , . _.,
of \twine. t et ,
lated to terrify the most intrepid, by the punishments fish t aken by those that have ,escaperi the awfill visitation rievertheless were of opinion that they did not con- o'clock on Sunday night under the windows of the King's decreer], at the .teoneeess „. .1,4 Itsly, to mass
t (eve
, Priticess of Oran I f • f h d
ge. ti ormation o I
.e enotie. •
h ant st
. that would be inflicted on tbeguilty whatever might of Providence that•forms die topie of the present article.- ment of t t th c '
en u e e (line Of an, attempt upon individual apartments, in the Palais Royal, shouting ' Death so ter gians should be Dem , , ,
~,e they owed, ,
. t events at Brussels is, therefore, expected
add to the )"" 1 . t which
• rhe account comprises the state of the fishery up to the lie law
liberty, U 4 delined by t , the code of criminal Ministers.' I was myself prevent, end can ' i w
'Peak Pc" cb° . ma" re Y revolutions a •
.be their number, rank, or fortune. Seventeen . with the greatest im • T 1 d • f
patience. le *perm e n
f h . eotiqueret It
thousand .certreiges Iwo been sem from Pameeittoo 2lst ult., anti is derived from information communicated
G I Al.l. I b ' df d I '
enera tl4 111 188 een again e erre . tis proceedings leaving it to a Judge to issue warrants tively upon this portion of the alleged public occurrences that time, the seeds of those
law 0- t (- anti
r lay Alr. Edward Monett, Captain of the late ship Pro. when' he should think them necessary. They were of that evening. The facto are simply these :-Three they now tremble. The
d vengeance;
to the frontiers.' . . • thought that he will not leave before the beginning
• press, of this port, who arrived here on Saturday morning also of opinion that the destruction of these demi- led!, well dressed, having with them a boy who sang well, most generally the law of rage an •t ...i,,,, an
(Private Correspondene, of the Ilevolutirm.) , tem a passenger in the Abram, Captain Jackson. The of October. ' The new credentials for M. Pozzo di
ments Wits not sufficient to estublish a fraudelent in- took their station in the quadrangle of the Palais Royal, hd• i • fi
t e ip omattc nesse which sharpens i
.gc,
We
.
e enech in will m , e
STOCK9OI.st, Sown 2 1.-The Prince of Meskwai Abram, it appeais, telt Cape Searle on the 21st Septet!). Borgo will be forwarded at the same time. tentiou; consequently Messrs. Billot and Gaillard after singing the popular air of the Parisien.s, uttered a stability to States. At tut t•-• . .ce ceps°
and justi
sent to acquaint the King of • Sweden with the call- • la the Volunteer Ca lain Markleiro
ber, in company vem , p . , (From Galipnani's Messenger.) rt• of vehement and discordant chorus an which 'the •
were acquitted of the charge.hrought against them. " . . , live there is nothing but right ,n
__ the pew
itig to the throne of Louis Philippe, is here thi, dti''' Im". which l'i bwirlY exPected in the Humber, hut
" The Moniteur of this morning contains a Royal " The Augibtorg Gazelle gives the following, names of Politeness end the Jesuits were used in terms of . '
of consolidating the power and presets') g
had lea arrived at the mind of our fling to Press. Pectin ridicule •The were soon driven awe b the n w
. y . y y e gens- , ,
nd penliir'
week past, and had as yet no audience. from-Bet- • •g e ordinance, comrnanding the sI f h *dfdtdCostt.leB Et 10 • '' It .
aeo t e remain er o a e n an mop , e . .- appears very d .
the account of Captain Dannatr, it seems that the season 'armee and the erowd which they had con toed re. °. rolnres.
it tal conflict of throw a y
_an
nedotte. This delay no doubt proceede from the ow 1. h 1 r 1 d i.l h the 160,000 hectares of timber authorised to be warm tUscussions have re en place between Count Relined 'behind to find
let ier lel *ell 0 Ile 11100 ar mess ant pereous c a- ere lc
amusement in some other frivolity. '44 the -en° L. country- I .
'
Prince still being in the service of Sweden, and of „deter, on accaunt of the accuiroulered ; I
. .ce, ey wllich the sold by the laW of the 25th March, 1817, the pro- Guillemitiot, the French Ambassador, and the Reis These lads, thus driven from the Paleis Royal, n found every citizen devoted to am h
..,... ero,„
.L. wan 03,11
~ to
course hound by the oath of allegiance to the Kim,
-e. navigation was impeded, the continued haziness of the duct to be paid over to the Sinking Fund. This is Effendi, on the subject of tbe answer to the notifi. their way through the pillage Colbert (which they who desires the welfare of • tee
f . fungal, a"
It was only yesterday that his '.conge could be given weather, and the fiequent geles of wind. The Progress ; followed by ten other ordinances containing au jrn. cation of the accission of Louis Philip. 'the Reis twice traversed) into the Rue Vivienne, where they were yours to penetrate the
"cr."
° s which threaten
him, We were not a little sueprised at seeing the made the ice towards the close or the month of April. On 'ltems° long list of judicial and (diet magisterial gp- Effendi ball declered that the Porte cannot decide joined by a soldier of the National Guard, who was evi- ward off fronehis fellows the blon•
I source of their
tri.colour flag, which was hoisted at the French proceeding to 51elville Bay, several of the ship were pointrnents, some of which have become vacant by before it is acquainted with the . resolutions of the dently drunk. Thili acquisition seemed important to these them. He seek, 4, the , past tle „ether), there
Eathavay, taken down the following day, tt, wet !tool by the ire for nearly.twelve weeks! The Rattler reason of the otniasion of the late officers to take the other European powers, and the determination of Doily youths, who immediately bought candles in an evils, to prevent the return of thelat•ii,etto 1-
4ion, Ina it
•no doubt re-appear after the reception of the Prince (of te'ith). Bailin (of ditto), Achilles (of Dundee), and oath to the new King and Charter. the Sultan hes not yet been made known, though it adjoining shop, lighted them, and moved towards the :
:s yet time for peeceable et° wi't,'l,, • tad alone will
the Ville de Dieppe (a French vessel), were wrecked on Beurse. Some person extricated this National Guard
of Moskwa, who enjoys at Court the most flatter- .. The Journal du Comnterce of this moiling ays is evident that the Porte must pprove of the pre- is to I) f ared that very so.'n le- I'l
etith July, and the others mentioned in the subjoined from their clutches at the Bourne, and a number of re,
lug Consitieration. We are. positively Resisted Ow 13.'c •-‘ l'he following is the plan of the Royalist elec. sent order of thing. In the meettietime the Ambits- I • 1 el
e r f State.
t ecit e t oe iste.o been Parra
list, as Captain D. believes, at Nome subsequent period,-- spectable looking persons interfered, and complained of the . hteh bee not • . .
cc.
Nicholati has acknowledged the new order of things tors :-They will repair to the Colleges, and take sador has displayed the tri•coloured flag over his re- .1 There is one country YI • ,0,0„ „lid jut
fl "
It is stated Oat the other two or three foreign ships are teneency of those movements to interrupt th üblic tran- to•
in Pelmet:, and that he has written with hie own • ' - h 1 h h h • • 'd 111 h h li. 1
t e oat ), ceause t e oat Is an act of no remise. si ence, tin( 4 t e mere antes-ips Jaye hoisted the quillity: this interposition was met by ramie"; f . h by the Coutieental debinets.
~,Is, ~ eii, 8
y rom t e nod tnere " i, ro-
b reported eafe. The unfortunate inen who have perished,
slid a letter to the King of the French, us friemils e„ tee. . • • Wh hf I " 'll • h • 1 I '
sr lives through the intense SeVerity of the told, pence. en tey ini it impossi )e to obtain t e nationa .co ours. three Leis I have mentioned ; they had, however, the cun. ere incontestably sn ite side; , „„,e „airy ~ ,
to his person as it is honourable for the nation." and the very great fatigue and privation attending their majority for their cundidete, they will join the party " For some days past the universal topic ef eon- ning to disperse when some officers of the National Monet cos of reVolutions for Europe. :;s7lactly, wal si!o
. ClIAM111?•rt OF PEERS, Ocr• 12. paoeige over the ice, in quest of vessels to afford, them of the.coth gauche, to the ' exclusion of that of the versation at Toulouse has turned upon the subject of came up and interfered, and sent for a picquet of soldiers land. Because, after an lege 01 s",ess rewired, .
At twee' o'clock the Preeident, .Baron Pasquier, stbeiter and 11 passage to their bones. Nothing had been centres. By this stratagem they will oblige Minis. a prisoner lodged in the House of Detention, who to take them into custody. These are the real particulars years of intestine war, its power ieloe seeseetits
tanl, as Cept. D. reports, of the vessels forming the ex- of this popular effervescence, which I have heard'magni- because the Cabinets succeeded '11110%6 n,/ cotia-
took his seat. tent to choose bet weeti the restoration and the re- asserts that he is nide to make important discoveries
•ned the tine",Ps' 't 1010
pedition of Captain Rosa. fled into a serious demonstration of public feeling, and I revolutions, which• ensangut . retied t
The President gave notice of a lettes• tliat he lied The f " ' I
diming 1/1 tile list of yesle s etre:lily alluded to :.--- volution, through Ger of losing the majority. The relative tei.the conflagrations that have
.devastated
give it to you as'l myself saw the occurrenlie. I wish, tr • I b se they had at length nu
mpg the
received from the Attorney-Genteel, its the case of •
• • Hume Fish. BRUNT ISLAND. hope with which they natter themselves is so . injte. so large a pmtion.of the north of France. . The
however you should erfectl understand th t t •
P ). a he tamed s-ato ecau
ations a , _
M. Kergorlay, for a libel against the Legi,loture, Alfred, Brim 3 Majestic, Davidson ... ..... tieen rioue, thitt it is quite absurd., Ministers will not France Meridionale contains the following letter, 1 i -even parts, to raise so many "p3r branch° el ''
Abram, Jackson
• The Chamber? mid he, cen mit take eognizince of Brunswiek, Myth 1 Willi Pole, lAston
y e er sanctioned than ap- . ' h theter' 1 del
d y armies to watc ,_
suave
that letter, unless it be conatieuted into a Court of Easle, Wright ... ....... ..... 1 Prince Orange
mg y, saw ice i 6 1111 . posed them. police an so man
I bad at login • Rol
Jia)eckson
pot er n e Come
g I pen! 4 " The Government are, lam informed, wen, ~,,,e tem.! themselves that Wee . „e,„,„ dece _
Justice ; and the Committee to which it• was re- rivnellP
to Johnston 3 Juno, Lyail clean
insurrection. Jr-l_.. Thor
' ferret! was of opinion that I should write to the Jones straddison b Damn, mare „, .......... ,„„ too sorrel arnhitiell, or through attachment to theeries ; mittee of Impeachment ugeinat the late Ministers :- pains to secure the return of' It i - 'll-* *-- ' 'fl• • ere. new
lot crate men at tae forth.. 111 Stl ing Li'
AP 111111111tIcw 1
' rept
. Kiero Martin . . (20 tons) 3 Rattler, Stodart lost but it is to lie apprehended tliat the •11 f d h
'' Minister of Justeceette acquaint hien. with the Chain- ; 1
Ki.ke.l4, Carlin. - 9• - DUNDEE. Fish, y Vyl in 1 ern- " ' 11ous •of Detention at Toulouos, Oct. 1. coming elections; but, on the other hand, that rtion nt themselves. The quiet was onlY .. hie the° ret
bees ito.competency. I.eu, Lee 5 Fairy, 'Welch 3 selves placed in a situatien tvhich may oblige them " a 81h,---Overtelt.lming misfortunes compelled the Press which admini •t I • f Prb' 1 h I esprovedhow tem 0, L
stets ot ie passions o t..e peop.e measures t emse v . refs° t
Lorewelineton Harrison 1 Hone Jelibrs 1 to renew the system of concessions so much resorted me to !weenie the instrument of a pony, and, in is daily emploYed in publiathing intiammator •
y articles, aluit re, at a time
1 • of need, to their opPb steep
M. Malleville then made a report 9n the prnject Venerable, Bennett .3 Thomas, Thoms ' 1
h and it 11111 e 40
of lute preseeted to the Chainber of Peers by.the volunteer, Markham 1 Advice, Donators ...... .141 to by the Ministers of the restoration, and No much fact, its principal agent, in the tires which have de- of i! nature evell calculated to provoke the fiercest spirit war break out in Ibe Nort ,_ .
~
__,...e eeryti.,„ a
el h the Pa,. • be oil
William loir, Dannatt
Duke of Broglie on die 4th instate. Thie law has 2elillyr, Asti. 5 Friendship, Chapman clean
'' ' let the pence eV' mii,
fOr 11% object tile mod location of the 2d article .or . Andrew "Thf 11 • ''
Marve1,.911011,..0C411 Princess Charlotte, Adam- .c 0 ow their trial, and there are these who a h
leg is from the Journal des Debeds through all Fratire, if I heel 'fulfilled the instructions . . • Ppre end a i„ 1806, )809, and 181- t ,
1 from the° •Oi
Arlo Rouers clean son clean of this morning ...-. The i t t 1 . I I received, But the
cry:
of
shirm
railed by Ihe good deal of mischief from the evident attempt how • d • ill' SOOD raise t teln 'ease..
f4llBl/01' tut MS cause(
'inner!, till II"' their exert. - le
the law of 25th Match, 1822, for the repreSsiers of ceme:t,W'
oodhall clean Achilles, 'Valentine ...... ... lost . ~ . . •
in progrees to protect • theee delinquents :from capital, •• el 't mieery which orrest
...tot
clean Three' Brothers, Stiven ... nut much Oissittishietioll eti
I. dwe are hy no means emu). Journals, . the picture they drew of the deplorable
offences et the Press, of which the tettour follows :-. V:otirn141:„Aoll:re
. puniahment. The name of die King is very mach used' ties ants tie . . . „
vas e„deevour IP ..- jo:./bd
dean moNTitOSE. Fish. !tidied ftt it. Its tirit • f 1 d lir ' 11-
great au t, .att w ich , We, an erings of the victims, and, if. I may presume to for siniste vein it'll! the tit,urping rol . .s_..ssip
~.
" Every attack spinet the Revd dignity', the. Diateornbei Sconin clean Eliza, Swann, Fulton ...... 2 : - r purposes since his zusiesty was calle.i upon Sy • b Inc". - *lll
enuriof the Pule' Y h dist
order of sucression to the throne, and the rights Harmony, premium clean Monarch, DlWldion 3 admit is incontestnlile, is, that it is renew one. Now sey it, my. own sentiments, raised horror in Inl the Cii be ID- •
ant r o eputies to originate the law for the Aso. the Pall:101;e sr.-7- • • b hatred whic .vio.
, ilannouy, Parker.'..• • clean London Burn ' ' clean ve,.
which the King. bolds from his birth, tho,e in vii- timely, wagon f. 4., clean !Spencer; Robertson het y new impost is obnoxious. It is ih vain to Say .mind, and indueed me to suspene my infamous mite litien of e,a . 1 ' I . • '1 f 1 hams ;t e ..,,flite the
pita pnnis anent. IN Majesty will, it is said,, weig it. 0 1 tem C
~,t to r,•- , , if, 00
the of which he love the Cherter, hie constitutional. Istenaleennmemei..- ..... clean . ABERDEEN. Fish. that the new taX it* bla Ihe substitute for an old one s.
, inn. 'I took flight and coticeitled myself from elle IMO 11. •1 ad
sis aw re y for the opinion of the Chamber on' accumulsue will,serve tit crmer
heir country , ,
..es
.
nuthority„. the inviohrbility of him patio'', the rights. tt•griri, kt:r , c
"h "Y * " ,Ite`T. in ,te i!:tt."ge,tdAnr: Ite Da ... f amid that the eraesport of goods is burdened instead rage of those who Fuel reckoned upon me, and thee the first day of their sitting after the resent recees • ' I ntl di •*ointed members n ' oth the lel
P ,It e y sj
•tiiir to so 'II 014
or authority of the Chember, ahell he punished by .r•rin'"ll:l°'"n. - the course of the devastutione I was to have infli
, ~. cted will (as lam informed) reserve the penalty of death only the contrary ' they 'tides% t bey WI .
fill imprisonment of from three menthe to five years, liAti:eri
3flutinieonrzie het I Dee, Cook
lost Middleton, James clean
clean ever true it may he, and will not render the iiete upon Languedoc, Provence, and Detiphiey, was fer.ulnrder, conspiracy to murder, and arson: 'ln 1 b e i ' i 011Ces'i°11'' , f lel °Piril li
t it, y mi I nem. , an. e
• ' . 11 11111 01 .
.1,
and is fine of front 300 to 6,000 francs." • ..• North ilriton. Story lost Alexander, Allan lost MX more popular. When one party is relieved at suspended. Reduced to extrdme distress from my mean time the bulk of the working classes-the men who strengthen h
t..e national spirit. ledge of i
,1 and the P i es $
°unholy, itolntosh
the expense of another, it always( happens (het the forced state.ot coecealment, I yielded to necessity, the true title to glory it. Polon".,- „teems) teas
The Reperter said that thia arti I '
r e WOB 111 IMMO Progress, Dannatt
revolurion-are reading, placerded on the walk, every • .s If 1 . wort] Pa" Li to sr
miniature abrogated by the Charter of 1830, tie . • LONDON. Princess of Wales, White lost former do untleel any great gratitude, because they. and rather than pursue a course 'offf it
• ..'ul '" hme ta I I• 1 h . regeneretion. t l'- it Wow"
ve e n poem w tier t e part of the Press profeseing to I •1 F. i )di I not exist, ~
....ere), Jr
afterwerds.examined the various dispeSitions of the Margaret
wil PreFittlFAD Fi I
inly. . citihn. ...m, . '
r ipse, Penny 2 received no mote than. atrociouti, I. became culpable in another way and
' be devoted to them can furnish for the sacrifice of the Ex- "'net nem intact . i poles. "till' •st 006
law, and proposed its adoption na follows :- Pluenix, Hendee 2 Gleaner, Shand 5 justice; and the latter are positivery itteensed, because was arrested at Toulouse. From the depths of my M. •
: inisteret Attempts are likewise making, and I under. cessary to invent it for the . , which is e
. William and Antyferry lost James, Hogg I r •
they feel that they have been wronged. Ihe great prison I venture to addrees you, .in order' that you
r Prs I bowed beneath 4,.despottso le 11
op ,
Art. 1.-" Eirery atrock triode, by ono 'of the. • . NEWCASTLE. 'Fah. lir:solution, Hogg ji blind with.some • I '
success, to oation counter-petitions .rom . e I,' I - - • h e Pt 0
tible, L-411 I foto
lefect however of tbis 'in tost consiits in its beeis Ma he informed that I hive in da discoveries ni4 to
iiseane meetioned in the first Attiele of the law. or lfr't;en*vit'reittl, wartime. l'urielevrelici•er;,Asliam"r7iiiii
~. i • By taking weight as the stumbled
..of taxation, an the authors and instigators of the 'fires alluded to. of obtaining signatures from one of the cores ef National prouder of their name end tuil• 0 ce w''' do
the 1761 MaY, 1019. against the tleyal dignity,, the. Lady Jame toemlnic si Union, Mackie
-. . .
c 'h . iitdeparldefl r.
~ ~,,i ,
:frarrilligitalner gtelnit evitiClll and great absurdity has been committed. These attempts were not, as you truly suggested, Guards, which comprises in its ranks a large portion of than others are o. ...or -. . of ;beg .-ed
order of succeseion to the throne, the righte. whicit ssorsenell/11;;11.Vnce..., VIP. ft9g
the Kilig holda from. the choice ef the'French. elation, KlTlKALoy.'"”iish. 'Mary, etewart - working Pe.nple..•* AW the tione ot the triel 'approaches, I net rime in forei untrieo '"nre o°l
go co , ,h, here . i
e lemma Todd COO tons) 1 Perseverance, Oyston dean those thot nre the most in •ommon use and conse- riot be att ibuted t sim le individuals without fear this &pint will be' increased and that . d n or, 0
i •, D I' o p
,n
„. „ , , , _ , a grave an . se- veluntary exiles, or Yori re .
nd observed 10 itioe
expresses! in the declet at ion of A lig. 7, 1830, end rlinten ' 3 ' H -V 1' ' lost
ope, o inn, .
ri UR COMIMerAO.OI) MUlt f
the Constitutional Chimer accepted and sworn' to hart Percy, Davideon clean Resolution, Phillip - frorn h n ;
tett eetiss.an prises., 1-- .. . aulrl i., .r
- ' t their co trig'
..Pattecu VENtift.L.-Vllle de Dieppe, Wt. these will pay the heaviest charges. This is neither It powerful band. Had my information been listened. '"nte • . 'Tremble at the mere mime ei .---e ion, an . e
by him Olt the 9th of Aug. of the seine year ; his
.____-
' I insults rentnt . e frier
reasonable nor popular. Stiiffs for the indulgence to somewhat earlier, you would not hoe had to say , . they regard as persona e moan •, A
Constitutional authority, the inviolability of hie pet- - Since the above Wits Writtee, we heve hien fevoured BELGIC PAPERS. • ' • r Ai* „ .0 i
eon, the tights and authority. ef the Ctifteiber, shell with a copy of the fallowing, from Peterhead :- of luxury are light, and will pay but little, while elie• that time alone would unveil those !terrible mysteries.
" ADDRESS or THI OFFICE'RS or Tat BURGHER. hey vreep Ole ' - to
country ;
.bow t ..„ &erode) oespe
be punished by an imprisonmetit, or ti•oirt three " PltTitittt MAO, OC:T. 9.-t-The James, Hogg, arrived coarser woollen stuffs will have to pay a great deal I could have furnished you with unimpeachable domes
GUARD AT ROTTERDAM. . at its prosperity, and suffer at 11V. 0 _oh co
41
. • tion and a" 1" peril'
months to five years, and by a flue or 200 to 6,000 here laet night, and bringa the annexed most celamitose more. The law projeet,
.hoWever, theta iiicore. ments,which are in my possection. I have given full . i : ~ , people so full of anima ,
I oted to _.a,
[relics. accounoi of the fishery. They left the west side of ihe How Citizens !--Our
sisteticies having been perceived, has introdured ex. details in my confession; ronimand them to he commu- "Fe . dear e ;
..et.ye coUntry 18 111 misfortune, will they be ter ile sem if
to r Ile
Art 2-" The sccohd. Article of the law of s4.'aita on the 24th September, at which time, several yes- ceptions; but is it not evident that, with exceptions. Ideated to you. May they prove me Worthy of some in- threatened. Eelgium, having shaken off all just and slavery ? Can they be fallen never ~,,,,,
do' u"''' 6
hlarch 25th, 1822, is abrogated." ' el* htel mile awaY. Some men belonging to the Rea°. so numerous end vost as are required by heavy dulgenee I May they prevent the recurrence of si- legal anthorltYs la sinning iteelf; soon will Brussels dispersed without any hope of on° -
01°
The Chamber ordered the reeision and dietribu- bition were landed here this morning, from the princes, goods the general rule-that is, the tax itself- miler caluinities, for the torches are still burning! try to bring the theatre of war on our frontiers, to scattered '' • . • ietter
parts. Issuing - -est
tion of the report, and decided that the diecussion Charlotte of Dundee.. I would (Ain hope the ships that would' become entirely abmorbed and loaf? In a There are some. blanks in my declerations; you w
. _ . ei get ;id .of the • tumultuous nod rapacious hndy of I shall frequently return in my e .
e 0001 e'll
should Wee place on Thursday fleet.. ere left may improve a little, hut they seem to think there word iti order that the tax should not become the at once • ' , ' hen ou come to
perceite my Motives, W y men,from whose presence and insubordittation it fears • • ' • • li. hon "el.', V lan" 'ilf
their national spirit, w ic
. , . is but little prospect of anything being done " r destruction ' tier 0' -I) KO"
The President then reminded the Peere theft the • • - • * . most burdeitsome and painful of all imposts, most know that. certain actors in the truly tragic drama is. - • every moment-and in every curt 1,
canted iof
We deem it unnecessary to print the list annexed to th' el re es
delay of nne month fixed to receive the oaths ot the • - ' c numerous exceptions must be introduced ; „nd If all which this prosiece was to have been. the theatre, eor Nis reason the rebellions. so styled self- never cease to ferment : now I .1/1"1" I itai '0
. resell , 110
above, as, although the period of the James's leaving the
Peers residing hi Paris was expired, but' that other Straits was subsequeet to that• of the Abram, the Het fur- the exceptions that are riecessai.y should be inserted, are resident in this town, from whose infltienee, be- created Provisional Governm,ent, ire.going on to or. with informing my readers of the, Pcompeneuito
delays existed for those who were in the 'deport- nished by Captain Dennatt teenia to bring the result of the the tax would produce nothing. ing rich and powerful, I have every thing to fear*. I genise an army, censisting of deluded infuriated men; the different parts which -farmer ib tisintn`b ta
„ t .....e
Mem* and iti foreigu countries; he 'asked the Churn.. flattery to it later dale, in regard to many of the vessels " The Courrier Francais of this morning hes the have not thought it prudent to deliver up the prin- and 'foreign adventurers. Their infamous news- great republic; A State,.of which t cielerinwea
ber did it'wish to be furnished With a printed • lilt mentioned. The Peterhead list, however, contains the following :-. From the. documents published by the cipal part of the documents yhich support my de- papers are setting forth every
,r I
-...aelsoed and with'a provinces furnish to the. .ditTerent
__ioo, r
. , . 000 vtl‘!l esht"
of those who had already taken the oath, or wait following, in addition se.e. two Governments in the Netherlands it is evident claratton : one single letter which proves my affilia- hellish spirit imposton the•Belgiane, solely to spur which rule over them nearly 300.
_e end •el
wet no
till he coal(' drew upe defieltite list, after the me- Kirkaldy--Rumhter. Thuile', I fish; Triad, David. to us, who are at a (li:stance, and judge without tion , with the congregation or Mount Itouge, Who them on with hatred and vengeance. Our own pre-' more than eight million' sterling roe food° ths
ration of all the delays. . son, clean. Leith-,Juno, Lyall, I fish. Dundee-4d- passion, that negotiations have been set on foot be- transmitted to me the orders they received from the cervation compels us to arm ourselves for a speedY edlY deserves to Maintain itS intgritt ,-.„tilatialls
The Chit:tuber decided that it would wait -until vice, Denclutri, 1, &It ;. Frientiship, Chapman, 1 fish. tweet, the Government of A„tsteerp and thet of Prince de Polignuc, w.us found uPuu Ines and seized. end P"errel resistance i• the rather or our country imo o„, would be. by its extent 111-1" r '
Montrose-Minaarde Davidson, 5 fish. Greenock-
the definitive list could be made out. Br' I
tsse I, and that necessity may perlutps remove My voluminous correspondence, my .written infinite. is calling up every matr able to beae arms, and let it fifth power of Europe. • . -
John- Comb clean. Abertleen-Rereules Reid clean ' •h. h. be said, for the honour of Hollend, ' how ene • • eil.s oh
STATISTICAL 7--- • e Os°
This President , then read the law regulating. 'la- ''' ' - • ' ' ' antipitt tea w telt the conduct of Kin WII• dt• th 1. ts of the different estates to be set fire
g 1 mg), an tons. °lB rgett-
&tint Andrew Reed, 2 'fish. Peterhead- Gleaner
'IOWA '
tional recompences adopted by the Chamber of De- sham, 0 fish ; 'Hannibal, Birnie, 2 filth j ' ' that of Prince Fretleri k 1 I ;il
; antes, llogg, . • c...., -Mt. nese,. a ' tth
' • '• gains e , r I
to all the names of the persons who were to (Tali), that call is answered 1 Or VIE railllllN't wr4xxor ausstas, -- _
_____----'
paLISP., --
puties on Thursday last. 2 filth, 13 tuns: Mary, Stewart, 1 fish ; Traveller, Prince of Orange. supply me. with more accurate information, as well " From al! quarters 'volumene are coming r
.or- Atm INDIMENDIXT ---: ---4,
______-__
.
The sitting was here sospended for awhile,' when Simpson, 0 fish. .
" The Conitil•General of Austria et . Marseilles as a species of safe-conduct, sighed Prince de' Po- ward ;, young men, of the first-families of our city ----7-•• , gi .e% q
IV:. Guizot, Minister of ,the.lnterior, communioated - Faust DAVIS' STItAlTar..-ArriVoii at HUB, 'the Abram, has received an official despatch, announcin;s that lignae, equivocul, it is true, but the. object of which set the example, and are ready to march. -61.1 A 01; . '"'' i E'' 5' " .
to the Chamber the Jew regulating the importetion Jackson' 3 fhb. SO. tuns, 'At Peterhead, the James, his Government has acknowledged Louis mai may he easily guessed (rem the.rest.of •the papers; " Bue although many of our citizens out of the Political 35; 1
.e. • ,i,; Ft,
elf corn alreetly adopted by the Chamber of Deputies, Hogg, 2 fish, 13 tutis. , King of the French. . P 'as an these authentic evidettees are still at
.my own humbler spheres of life are panting to join the for- Division& g9O p 6 P 2
-re'
?..Fs. i - 5*
.........- AO
end several other hates of mere local intereet. " According to ititelligence from Brunswick, given command, but I will. not deliver them up into your mer, yet they are painfully withheld. by the idea • f. it
_____-7;07,07g
Farmers FUNDS, PAittil. Ocr. • 1 1,-Five per Centa, Cootenta of the new number of . the by the Augsburg Gazette, Duke William is to take lemen ahall that b thei ( )
hands until one man among you, gent , y r lei arture their dearest relatione wo Id
u.- I Russian Poland 11,539 14.7610" 133'1" I •
have given me his word thet nothing shall happen he lefi unprovided for. New Kinctlom
96f. he. 90(. 95f. Qoc. 86e. 80e. 70e. 60e. 50e. 95f. Quarterly Review just published t-I. The RoYal So- the reins of the state with the tacit consent, of the ...
,0 olAel
155 c. 000. eoe, 20c., 20e, Iftc, 25e. ,• • Three me cents., ciety, and Stem of Science in E'ngland-2. Bank of Eng- Great Powers. All that hag, passed will be eon- to him who is the depository. of them, and until 1 " And can you, fellow-citizens, hesitate one mo- e*errePt'elreny' ii,‘,
.25 i'l"`"-
65,r. 60e 50e. lik. be. Hie. 65f. 64f. 75f. title. ; Bank lantl.-3. Life of Ifenta-4. Lvet.t.'s Geology-5. sidered as a famil dis ute and Duke Charlea '
will shell have received some mitigation of the penalties ment to provide for thetn 'and iheir families ? No! Emperor o
475,149 Si'2sl'l
Stook, 1,700 f. ; Rente de Naples, OW, 90e. 80e. 50e. Sowrotty's Life of Buts trA N-6, Greece and Navarit - be forced .to con y P '•
tient to_abelicete! • - that may be proneuticed alpinist my se .
If I re( uire 't i
1 is to you, whom Providence has blesied with nu
• , • RUssla ... ...... 2,273 2. .
Wan Poland
40e. W. ; Bente d'Espago-e, 14 18 ; Royal Spanish 7. Negro Tertatnent-S. Recent Freneli Revolution.. this nsserance from you, because you have it in our
y ample-means, that we direct our petitions. . composed et lu
" By lettere from Saxe Weimar, (Jetted the 4th
Lean, 40 ; Wow Perpetuulle d'Espagne, titil ; Ileytien in ir 117
power to make it good. I have resolved not to make " Bring liberal donations to the altar f Governments,
I
's 11E ai..ING Or .I:RANCE...-. ..OUL3 Pit ILIPPE inst., we learn thitt the 11:41111d Duke hall mit an •„, o our eit 'Witna
Loan, :1410f. Exchenge on London, one month, paper,
further declaration in this city. Neither pro. country. Give the courageous but poo ' ' ' ' •
20r. Wt. ; money, 25f. 30e. ; three month», paper, 25f. is exceedingly like a jev;al English farmer,' in his personal answer to the petition of the inhabitants of jena, ani r citizen the orodnotkiesity.
20.1. ; mourty,,W.lbc,......Cours itallientilas. appearanee. bating, of courser the gaud* of royalty. Ws the paternal tone ef which, the.concessions it rn kes• then induce me Iwi
mists nor threats . . . )1 not be un- satisfection, that while he is k Mi Rk
fighting the battles of thiler_, nye!
cave iir bluff and ex,pressivc, illuminated equally toy intellie of several minor points, and the .promisses it 9 grateful, and deliver up. to justice him who has ren- the good cause, his wife and children are not p'ning lepsk, Movie,
~,, Alii
. - ~.. ... ,
gives
- . - Telynia,Podo.
A doted me a benefit.' . ' away in poverty. lasso- (in
Lou) KiNa's Ltflt oF LocK4c,4 . it'nVo and knillotarne. He is not it man well adapted to a
edCollti tr * ' ' II I if . fi 4 'red
pug mow. e tas AU Mt of taking the rest into con
ent rinness en IP avow I general sat isfact ion. ' sideration, ha
-ye cansc" ." The France Meridiongle addit-i I3efore •we "To obtain this d lik and Cour.
en we present to you a sub. „ 2en'i„: „ e.„ 0,70 , si,)
epee 11,109,100 90,7
btio
edition of this work hi octets) hes jest appeared. M4ll 1-1 I ). k h l't 1` I i .II d tal
y .i, se ac $t at pia 1y w tic I may le La e Men - „ .., ~. , , published this letter we were desirous of seeing the scription • paper, which we trust will be filled in - -111;;;r4- - - 1.1 • *ems" 4319141'("
. . •
. 'extract or tt nettle- letter f 2'
important additions have been metle to it ;
.1/1111mg others, rigour. In times. of reeice, perhaps, there is no living ' , p . o the oth ult. from 1 dividual who pretends to be initiated int tl lb II
o, le i ere y. ~.7.: ..... ---
' 3. Pruss.....Poland
a very remarkable diary of Lord Cuesteetesoit Kites s the Monarch who could better preside over the proaperous for,. Lisbon :-' All the passengers who have lately c 111 • I • • '
ome be:olb e mysterute tt refers to. We have seen and " Signed hy order of the Officers of the Burg- fgenligtMocc .
correspondence has also received Many very curious area. tuner of a country. Ile is the very repreeentetire of Oros- from the Briwale with passports signed by couilt .
I stioned him ',and we 'are .certain that from his
bel ngins • •
Siete{ Of the impertanee of this book there has bree but perity l' he not °MY 10010‘ the Picture or content and Sabregal, Minister of the Regency of Tercel "C • ' her Guard at Rotterdam,' .
ra, have a e his manners his countenance and as
, laterti g , , , e , "J. BALLOT, Major. Poland un the .
•
one opinion. The. Times has remarked Oita "it its a plenty, lout is exactly the sort of lielividuel to feel the just been arrested, or sent into the i, , . ,
Vistuia and . L
Mil 49,,,115
A'etiar °L tfie will be seen by his letter, hat style, which is riot al- . .." A. BOGAERS, Ciptain. the .• 'Grand • .
valuable sddition-to what Was &reedy known reepecting a blessings be ha so weliformed to illustrate,-infas. kingdom. The Portuguese loan contract '1
r
e` 'lt -An- together devoid of elegance, he is a num far above . Duchy of Po• - •25,e64.01 bl' se-
" .1: C. 11. MOENS, First Lieutenant. senf ~, IAN 1.144.124 - SO -.'"''
man of whom England'has good moon, to be -proud, and New Poeice.--No small share 1 I I t
.. o aug ler don hy the Margin:stele Barbacena with the house of • miserable contlitiott and b
his present , y 1,0 men" ~,, " Rotterditin, 0ct..6, 1830. . - .19 •"- 0,11
4. Republicof Cp.
01 • 107,934 :16/1 ...--cs; IA
an honeurable prOof of the ability of the noble editor to
!vat created Al d *ht 6 t (I fls t Moberly hite not been rad
on on ay nig at te wee en o tto own, lied t B •I b
a MI ~ ecause the l• '
whom the public is indebted for exhibiting hie reletive ail by about 11i flash young men,' With cloaks anti Rewire pa- tennis were considered very burdens h„ ~.. , or( Maly malefector: " . . " P.S. We learn that similar subsciiptions are "'"*""'"""' • - ----roe.____!..---ler,„„em sist
he lived." The iiterary Gazette cello it " ot: work railing up Whitehall, Pall-mall, St J ' - '- I •• fr Ri I ' D
. tones s street, ant vernment o o . alma°. ' emotion
°rn.e --e -ui Goe P'arscit Foam-p.m oc, 12...-Five per Cents., making. for. the poor citizens in. eve • '- h 14.74' 41.083.8 1) ''''''-- ' •ph- d 1
ry town in t-e
~,. iota's-- - -..--- r Deo ~ .
which Must eye, remain st etinderd hook in Etsgliah here eon* 94f. lie. 70e. 66c. 70c. 75e. $OO. 95f. 95C 20c. 951.95 f. ' United Proeitietre'' - melt Arc ° or FP- •
other populous parte of tliat end of the metrepolis, one by dimes to be eneral and v. 1 • • is eourlend, the peasantry ol ,ii
ot ram pot , rood. ilos
libraries.," and the Spectator observes "It ill intereeting one. These telfelortetituted guardians of the ni lit 'caused _
50g to ent. In one day only toe, 051.06 f toe.; Faur per Cents. 82f. 600. ; Three per , . • whilo the Nobles are Gerntana. did 11., e crown oo rileutsr.vet.
dlt ritory which held ate ,b ,
,p$
.0 of ,
to
in overy point of view to the politician, the elidoeopher- priee to tor you ar po ice, w 0, lowever, ho-
ne 'little nut . ' f I l' h 1 g more than I women were recently arrested The Crate, - e.f r, Isc. 04f. 63f. 55c. 50e. 75c. 80e. 64f. 10c ' • e.,
" ROTTERuAkI, OCT 11. ' wa",'..re" -,a- -er 1," of ri„,,,,„ ii, 'overlie,. cioJrd ' oe 0.
to the man." -• r . . Portuguese Indies have always shot h . 1 Mlf 95c 64f ti4f.- be. 63f. 95c. ; Iterates il N ' . - • ' . -t. Ihe (*rand Due y _ be,„ in ~„Tir, .
vit mut!. littera- •---- - • gr t , . e ....aples, 6ie is *v., •••• • ..•
la and has nos it ten"' are ...e0
, ... :. .. . hayed perfectly geiet on the OCCJInOO, and 100 k 1:10 11011ee 111 royal titghnesta Prince Frederick has di- by the King tir Pruss . tiler Poll, t Meow *e-
inem to the cause or our Yntetir Qeeen • f th' .900. 62r* 6 • s‘. 63C 62E 50c. 60e. ; Rent,* d'Fes- Confederation, /Ike tke o
__hot th, .
of
.04,,
The now chapel of eitso to the parish of St, whetever of the jocular imitation played upon them. reason, several infamous articles' hay b, er is . .
its 1 Royal Spenish 'Loan, 49 ; Reines Per recut' that the whole of the infantry in active ser- =ls of the Vistula. IS must be yell:, compoo,4l, groVp%
. eagne,
ArittrgW II 1110 E i '
1 0 Ilp 110 W ielflg laeCied almut the middle of The Beilitst Papers describe the cotton-weavers halted a ainst them In tl C o een pub r
. jle (VFW:Igoe, S 7 37 4i. ii.i.'• B k o Pe- 'lice shall be placed under th I f L' •
e comment a teak.- ... .. an
n at pound, two distinct parte „loot., villi..ting of of
g . 10 ocreo de Porto oral -Ile -' - f E ian tc`ch, 117°°f• nant-Gener I ' Governments, Mohiler, Vilepsk, ana o.
ther, moo.
...sa 10
Saffroll.lllll, IS rapidly progretosin Thie edifiee is of of 1 •tt f t distress. According.to fiesta Refoladu, by the priest Maces' . . . ',Toe 1,702 . 60e.- :change on London, one mionth, a Cort-Heyligers • that Major-General tools; the° e. e"
assimhated to the rest of II „_nr,,B
roleatill
briek, with *tone windows of Mr iladltie and With two t idt
t"i".1"
1 li
44 ° gra 0 , now, hOW. • three months 26 flb .so the Duke-of Saxe Weimar other Governments, s the national o•
, the Belfilet Newe..Letter, "t tere are at this Moment up. over, 1-• rt
tee esovertitnent no longer . f • if 2AF. 300, , , .. c.-G are "lathe:Wpm. 11;1111 hare' the first divi- "Lithuanian core,o4 oder tee P. -
ornamental Gall; t " I ise ' eon ines itee (re
bears the distinct name
•,, plae
'''' 'urn' "we.. tee western entrance. -It wards of 700 beads of (Jutilies, whose earnings do not on • • 1 -
WI of Cracow 1
is 190 feet in Irmatit, hy et in breadth, wilt be 60 feet Injury am outrage, It
-tit employs proscriptio ' . • (From the- Times' Cerrespondent.) sion under his orders, the first bri el. b • I
ga e mg uni et I The litUe ttcpu e • . •
001
high, end, with eateeie, ~ et .. , an eversge exceed 4s. per rek, aud nearly 3,000 treasons .
" A private letter frone 1110 l f•I "4
.. • his own immediate command, and the second under ot the Three Powers. _
........._„.._...ete .f.,,,,r 1
,vt accommodate 2,000 person& depeniknt on th m for 06616t6nece" On 0 Ile loth Olt. ' rants, rtIESILoor eveNING -.0""""""-------i-1, - Alf. Ll iv sa4
.Ftte she more l'Amvenient aecess to th I 1 f 1 I ' e '
. e claite Otle 0 - , states, that two entertainments had he ne b SI There is at this motnent, as far ete I can.' d * Colonel Reuther; that Major-General Favouge• is _ The eV.
op int id
*tut. inhabitants, a itoUite just opposite to it Imo been Surgeon h.EATE arrived at the Palace on =the French officers et Mode len
-well •Y' reatest inquietude preVailing in this e•t Pt ge' the to have the third brigade • and finally' that Li t THE BIBLE.--. s.
to be written .._loar
~s,
nam %vain, In g ei f • . l . , Vita ,on the subject .•_. . ~ • ell es
„se . _. e wee appears
_,..4,11 char .
_,:to ,
Polled dowa, iteci .• a dileet eorntitl-ni . t:' • • '• 8 1 i 10 1' f f• ' II th La d 'ne of e f 1 •
, 0p,,),,i. Imo . a tin ay a tent , pro clown y, e n grays
~onour 0 tle IletleaslOt both or tle ()reign ano internal relaturni of Franc T, nant.Generel Trip Van Zoutlatid shalthave under "isto.ry et tn
The events wiii
nen nes le $
Cs'rn,satseet.ellemoii-gereeis. 4 .44 ").1. _l. of Louis Philip to the
tie haPPY Phu' bleb fa° I rested .
Reset Roemer!, . who, we regret to learn, on alighting i
terone. At Nevarin, the •ir French, satisfied with the result f e* He • '
0 their own his orders the cavalry division, consisting of two Pectin.' t nis echoes, 11l " o gre us ryas
greet
The cerebrated' 'Nos to *4 it '' • from her ...asleep it short time ago received a slight hurt, eh red. ' hf' ' '
m t e entwines. Sever
0 leers of the navy
beengeie, 'nolo witligreat appreh ' that "'turn" 1 • 'MAO, mow, p 0 d
enston at that of Belgium, brigades, commended by Major-General Post Fuld
ie. 11, ret tv, 'l,l l'i 1' 1 *' . ' ' ' nl of the Greek
restored to the favour of us . iory 1,
he ars° •
stale&to have hot, et ti,,e ~ ' • • ' ''' ' '' I - wawa, Liougu trifling
,in ttielt, hat confined her Royal
a PI
rides were invit as one likely.to involve them in a •
, iv, tsi 70, level*. 'Who .1' u.l ft' is ed to tb ' wet. with other Pewees, Major-General Boreel; and•thet the artillery shall ' d ' prehensive form,
,1!" oieet or gee 0 saes°
4^ ur ' , ig envie to the Isevition. It he however, gratifying to -ut la e entertainment at gy rt ..
clear au MO . a state
ber :et thet age :she ceptivelet the twat or it S vier ut a nen le t when It. is of tbe unmet cense, uenee o i continue under the command of Colo .
Baron, and at SO meden contiticst of the Abb ' xi day ' * General Ablates is uld and ;arm AI. , A
' ith state, the Mr- KEATIC, WhO returned to towit'on ...en , . , Mao tittle Mt-4d for (.41
' nstitutional Government of Phili ..1 tat t iii nel List. In of the history ie followed ley . s
_eeecte. Tieti ,
_y
...,.,
',rectory- tahltsne el "i;e ton ghl r
to (reeve . . • stiould hive leisure consequence of these orders, LieuteGenend Cort- , i d A rim t
ceps es, SU eant39 , .. --
a yeting Jectit. - . --' wr during het stay at the Niece, afforded her Royal Highness partisan warfare. It II Manifest that the refeeeete only te- consolidate its own institution'. Plio
the youthful Mind
~. _ . ~ _
. vety- in-eerie! relief.e....Beephron Gazelle. _ _ snake use of him as they would of a flag.- ' •-• • body doubts that Heyligers and Major-General Fawn; h '
ge ave eata- of this UFO°
. Belgium can only .exist by Guffaw. ' d
' ,-.
-. _"an In ePerldsnt blished their head-ouarters at Mosehlin . rt.... _n.._ .;...frel. • '
• •

" eorketmat, OCT. 11.
" His Royal Highness Prince Frederick has di-
rected that the whole of the infantry in active ser-
vice shall be placed under the command of Lieute-
nant-General Cort-Heyligers •' that Major-General
the Duke of Sue Weimar shall have the first divi-
sion under his orders, the first brigade being under
his own immediate command, and the second under
Colonel Reuther; that Major-General Favouge is
to have the third brigade; and finally, that Lieute7
nantrGentral Trip Va* Zoutland shall have under
his orders the cavalry division, consisting of two
brigades, commanded by Major-General Post and
Major-General Bored); and that the artillery shall
continue under the command of Colonel List. In
conseqtience of these orders, Lieut.-Genertil Cort-
Heyligers and Major-General Favouge have esta-
blished their heed-quarters at Mechlin ;
_Lieut.-Gt.

TII E 818 L Rey. biri.
fistory of the bible appears to be written on A Po° of
peculiarly happy plio. The events which charicSerhati`a
that " stupendous scheme, by which fallen OM hin To;
restored to the favour of his hblier," Art 13°1"13—,u'
clear and comprehinsiye form and
evsry ados
cao to
t P°4ll(
of the history is followed by 'a' statetnelle of to
The e
e
icePthm, and satisfactory ra(ntation al then).
of this upon the youthful mind epos be too hie •
tioontrd.
