FOItEIGN MAILS.

fluernsey and Jersey
llolland -
America .

A nutvr.u.

Dur.

HUM WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning. 9.0 zninstes after 4.1 Evening, 47 minutes after 4.

TIIE SUN.

QUIS DICE.II.I; PALSUM .41/DE.IT

LONDON,
FRIDAY, AUGUST 27, 1824.

We have received the Paris Papers of Tues-
(lay and the Moile of Wednesday, and have
given extracts froth them under the usual head.
Though the French Journals, since the re-estab-
lishment of the Censorship, arc of course re-!
strained from commenting freely on the state of
BPain, and from publishing all the details which
rvach theta from that unfortunate country, yet
enough transpires to prove that the Constitutional
"action which has at length occurred, is of a
more serious nature, and has excited more alarm,
wits at first, probably, imagined by any
Party. The ad vices received direct in England
also represent the movements that have taken
Plate as critical, and as calculated, unless they
are speedily suppressed, to lead to results which
may give Fcant NAND and his Allies something to
occupy themselves with that is more immediately
interesting than the re.;subjugation of South Ame-
rica. Even the city of Seville has already been
threatened with an attack, and throughout the
greater part of the Peninsula dispositions have
been manifested, more especially of inveterate
hostility to the French, which demonstrate that
the entire population is ripe for
'We an explosion.
fetyently hope that there is, not a French-
'nap who trill not bitterly rue the day that the
I)4ka of AN. GOU LE.AII,. effected the passage of the
Litlassoa.

The intelligence from Greece continues to cor-
lrohorate
the previous accounts of the advantages
1.41 d to have been gained by the Greeks at I psara,
Vlusequently to the conquest of that island by
the CAPTAIN PACIIA. It is now alleged, also,
that the island of Giros was never really subju-
gated by the forces landed from the Egyptian
Nundrait ; and that on the contrary the inha-
,,o.tttnit,, who had retired to their fortresses, have
since come down upon the Egyptians, and cat
'nein oils to the number of two thousand men.

tem*
The Buenos Ayres Papers contain some inte-
leoting statements respecting the two Spanish
Parties in Peru. It is said that there is no
einloce of any permanent agreement between the
Liberals mid the Serviles. A very extraordinary
Planto attributed to the former ; and with a
11,14°, 41 execution, General LA SERNA is al-
Io negociating for the purchase of ships
mit*" in
foreign countries. The Spanish Con-. Consul'at Rio plo(Janeiro, it seems, em-
s,himself in collecting there, and forwarding
to ern, all the unfortunate Spanish exiles who
each Brazil. In March last, he dispatched to
Irerti a number of these adventurers, preceded by
Senor PANDO, one of the Ministers under the
Cortes, who, it is supposed, is to act as asses-
sor to General L* SEIINA. It is also said that
Senor PANDO carries with him a representation
front the Deputies of the Spanish Cortes, solicit-
ing of LA. SERNA an asylum for themselves and
the Constitution, and proposing a plan for so
overawing FERDINAND from Peru, as to check
Pin his infatuated career in the Peninsula.--
ITt ctovor may be thought of the reality of this
nJes the Editor of the Buono.; Ayres paper is
of opinion that • the intrigues which are going on
will prove favourable to the cause of indepen-
dence. ThODOI LA SELINA. should refuse to be
embarrassed with such a plot, he will be
fIW" ad to receive the Constitutionalists, that
may have their assistance in promoting his
views
owhile, on the other hand, OLA
AI ktlOWillg them. to be his Irreconcileable
enemies, must wish to expel them. For these
reasans it is concluded, that at all events the two
Parties cannot fail to come to blows. The ac-
the.'" from Brazil have occasionally alluded to
"PoPularity of the Emperor PEDRO. It
v''Peers from the Buenos Ayres Journals, that
J.4,,"Y,cfnisitlerable discontent prevailed at Rio de
ar"He'ro they contain papers addressed to the
thel irqy time the last Constitutional plan was
ii,-;),`;`,s,hed• These papers breathe nothing but
aC.tY to Don Plum°, who is charged with
a secret understanding with the Por-
ty;e,le Government. He is styled a perjured
lti►und the. people are called upon to expel
-I and the
their country from slavery.
