do so in so broad and marked a manner—by so strong a Bill—
that
the Legislature could never slide into it; that there would

be no possibility of arriving at such a measure by an easy
step, or be gradually familiarised to it by gentle transitions.—
(Cheers.) The present law was founded on an uncontrollable
necessity ; and the more its principles were at variance with
those of the Constitution, the more strongly did it recommend
itself to his Judgment. The Hon. Member for the city of Lon..
don said, that however willing to support Government in their
efforts to crush what was called predial agitation, he could con.
sent to nothing which would curtail the political liberties of
the subject. Now he (Mr. Stanley) begged leave to ask the
Hon. Gentleman, did he really believe Ireland to be in such a
state that she could enjoy those blessings, while an association
existed that endeavoured to monopolize freedom of thought—
'tkihich controlled public opinion--which resisted every legiti.
mate and constituted authority, and attempted to overawe the
Government, and drive it from its duties ? This was not a
state of liberty, but slavery—(Loud cheers)—a state of poli-
tical slavery. The Hon. and Learned Gentleman (Mr. O'Con-
nell) could see no connection between the outrages committed
and agitation ; he (Mr. Stanley) would not say that he had
directly incited to the perpetration of those crimes, no

Mete than he would assert that he had recommended a run

On the Bank.—(Great cheering.) As to the latter,
Indeed, he must do the Hon. Gentleman the justice to declare
thg he had written to the Editor of a Newspaper in condemna.

itlon of such a proceeding. But what reason did he assign for
the advice ? Why, that if the present Bill should pass, the run
would commence of itself.—(Loud cheers.) He had not there-
rote advised a run upon the Bank—(Laughter)—but had he not
there given a hint that a demand for gold would embarrass Go-
vernment, paralyze commerce, and arrest the course of general
business? Why had he kept out of sight that it would also
draw down ruin on the poorer classes of his countrymen?-•(Loud
cheers.) As the Hon. Gentleman had not recominended a run
for gold, in the same manner he had endeavoured to reduce the
lVhitefeet to order, by sending paciftcators among them,—(A

laugh.) He would not read the last speech delivered by the Pa-
cificator, Mr. Steele.—(Cries of "Read read l" This gentleman,
who had avowed allegiance to the Hon, and Learned Member
for Dublin, commenced by observing, that, honoured as he had
been by the approbation of the father of his country:—(Laughter)
he stood in a position so high as to enable him to look down

With contempt on the enemies of Irel_abd. After professing the
moral and voluntary allegi:„net'ne bore to Mr. O'Connell, he
ideelared, that if that g:.....1.1eman commanded him to stand on a
mine, he would the order cheerfully. In another place
the Pacificar::,..-u-eclared, that " Should the Government attempt
to rule I:"Iand as in the days of Lords Camden and Castlereagh,
'anti 'irrAild O'Connell in that case command his allegiance—he
Mild, instead of allowing the people to go into Cratloe Wood,
_ .
