S ~~
~.:.
~~~~,
Ge~►,a.~r~~ _

Can a 111414

WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

:er 1

LONDON :
THURSDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 22, 1833.

A new writ was moved for last night for Marylebone,
Sir SAMUEL WHALLEY, after having represented that bo-
rough in three Parliaments, being found not to possess the
requisite qualification. We have never supposed that Sir
SAMUEL was a first-rate genius, but still he was the ohoiee
of the electors, and it must be grating to them that they
cannot confer on him the honour of representing them be-
cause he has not three hundred pounds a year. The aris-
tocrats of the Legislature regard it as a contamination to
admit a poor though honest man into their assemblies ;
and so they will not allow the electors to choose any
person but one who is considered by the possession of
property to belong to themselves. The qualification is only
a badge of the former subserviency of the people and the
usurpations of the Aristocracy, and ought to be got rid of.
But the qualification limiting the choice of the electors,
and Sir SAMUEL not being able to stand the Aristocratic
test, he has retired, and there is a vacancy for Marylebone.
Who will the electors choose ? There are already four
candidates in the field, three of whom are Liberals, Lord
NUGENT, Mr. EwattT, and Colonel THostesosr. If they
all go to the poll Lord TEHINMOUTH, the Tory and fourth
candidate, will be returned by a small minority of the elec-
tors. The majority are too discreet to allow that,
and will, we hope, before the day of nomination,
select one of the three Liberals, to whom they will give
their united support. We shall defer to their choice ; but
we insist on its being their duty to meet and determine at
once which of the three they will support, calling on the
others to resign, or forfeit for ever all claim to their favour.
Without disparaging either the claims of that consistent
Whig—Lord NUGENT ; or the honest services of that more
than Whig—Colonel TIOMPiON; we own at once that our
predilections are favourable to Mr. EWART. He made
great sacrifices to contest and open the borough of Liverpool,
and from the time he succeeded, he was distinguished in Par-
liamentfor his open, fearless, and consistent advocacy of Liberal
principles. He has even taken the lead in proposing and
carrying improvements in our sanguinary code. It should
recommend him to the electors that he endeavoured to
abolish the qualification. He has been one of the foremost
in the cause of National Education, and in procuring the free
admission of the public to all our institutions. He has
zealously promoted a love for the arts, and for all the finer
means of extending civilization. In private life he has
the reputation of a pure and honest man, while his public
character is that of being zealous and incorruptible. We
say, however, in the words of his advertisement, we "hope
that unity of purpose as well as zeal and vigour will
characterise the proceedings of Reformers ; and we are
well assured that ho would be the last to regret any de-
termination of their's, though fatal to his own hopes, which
ensured, as he says, the triumph of their cause." He is
recommended, indeed, to them by the manner in which he
prefers their success to his own objects ; and if it be con-
sistent with the views of the majority of the indepen-
dent electors, we trust they will combine to re-
turn Mr. EWAaT. Let them, however, be well
convinced that they lave no time to lose in settling
which of the three liberal Candidates they will support,
and in bending all their strength to ensure his return.
On one point all have equal claims ; all of them are the
advocates of the Ballot ; and we think so well of them all
that either of them, in our opinion, would do honour to the
choice of the electors.

Mr. HALL, the upright and zealous member for Ma-
rylebone, is growing into importance. He is attacked by
the Times, which never wastes a shot on small deer. Mr.
HALL should be thankful for such a certificate of power and
usefulness, particularly as he goes bounding forward,
untouched by the missile. He took as active part,
forsooth, in keeping the Solicitors and Counsel for
the defeated candidate in check, and he prevented
them from wasting the time of the Committee, and
the Times by its anger, attests that he was successful.
If Committees were more frequently to declare such peti-
tions as that from Roxburgh frivolous and vexatious, they
would prevent litigation, and confer a benefit on all parties
but attornics.

It will be seen by the report iu another part of our jour-
nal, that Sir JAMES GRAHAM has been returned, as we
said he would be, for the Pembroke boroughs, without op-
position. The redoubtcd Thor of the Tories, who is to
smash his old friend 3 the Whigs, sneaks into Parliament as
the Representative of the OWENS and the CAwnous.
He will assume the character of an independent Re)re-
sentative of an independent Constituency—while in point
of fact he will only be the lacquay of a Welsh knight. He
is no longer merely a renegade from his political principles ;
he usurps a character which does not belong to him, and
while he is really to be placed on a level with Sir JOHN'S
butler, he will give himself the airs of a Representative of
the people. His voice, which once spoke the sentiments
of the men of Cumberland, though it may not be a tone
less vehement, can have no power as the mere echo of that
of the Aye and No Member for Pembrokeshire. His Tory
friends, who are said to rely on him to scare the Minis-
ters out of their places, overrate his abilities ; for though
he was powerful enough to damage Sir ROBERT
PEEL'S Government, when in opposition prior to 1830,
his sacrifice of principle has destroyed his ability. The
account of his election, supplied by our correspondent, in-
forms us of another suspicion under which Sir JAMES la-
bours. The heavy Baronet has been accused of having
tranferred some of his weight to the light one : be creeps
into the services of the OWENS like a yeoman of the guard.
The constituency which returned him, at the command of
Sir Joing OwEN, by the same command, we presume,
conferred on him the honour of dining with him ;
and after Sir JamEs had toasted independence, and

honour now he has left them for ever—he posted
off to town, and will no doubt appear this evening
in the House of Commons as the Representative cf
the OWENS. He has already condemned his own
conduct in stronger language than we can find, and re-
peating what he said of his former and his present political
friend, Lord ABINGER, we say, Sir JAMES, " a recreant
Whig, has been obliged to flee from the indignation of
the people," his neighbours and acquaintances, and seek
refuge in Pembroke under the wing of Sir JOHN OWEN.
" He has crept into Parliament by a postern of which the
OWENS keep the ke►."

The dinner to Mr. O'CONNELL yesterday was one of the
most interesting and delightrul festivals we ever beheld.
On no previous occasion was the Learned Gentleman
more simple, natural, and affecting. There was a calm•
ness of manner, and a sobriety of tone in his political re_
marks, eminently calculated to win and unite true and ho-
nest Reformers of every shade of opinion. No doubt to a
Morning Contemporary, who tries to conceal apostacy by
passion—who appears to " write when drunk" (according to
STERNE), but forgets to " correct vrben sober"—this mo-
deration may appear " flat, stale, and unprofitable." The
sound and judicious, who have no apostacy to hide, will
entertain a very different opinion. "By the bye," even
this sweeping condemnation could not do without begging
in the hundred times refuted calumny of O'CoNNELL's
attack on the chastity of English women. Can Puddle-
dock furnish no other mud ? Can it coin no other lie ?
Can it pick up no strumpet or renegade to utter some new
invention for malice or money ? We advise it to try, as
this old story is indeed " flat, stale, and unprofitable."

The presentation of Mr. O'CONNELL and his sons at
Court yesterday seems to have occasioned the Morning
Post much serious uneasiness. Our contemporary cannot
understand the thing at all ; and appears to be as much
perplexed and bewildered by it, as if he hid rec cived dis-
tinct intimation that the reign of Chaos was at hand.
What, Mr. O'CONNELL actually presented to her MA.
ZESTY—and presented, too, by her Majesty's Secretary for
Ireland ! And this in defiance of the contempt in which
the Honourable and Learned Gentleman has always been
publicly held by the Tories, as one who has lost caste, and
is not presentable at Court ! Never was there such an
innovation on all received principles of etiquette ! Such
is the spirit of one or two splenetic, but would-be jocular,
paragraphs that appear in the Post of this morning, and
which are evidently penned by one whose sense of aris-
tocratic propriety has received a most alarming shock.
But let not our contemporary despair. There is balm
in Gilead. The Monarchy is still safe, even though Mr.
O'CONNELL has been presented at Court. His gracious
reception will not shake one single pillar of the eonstitu-
tional edifice ; but on the contrary, will tend to strengthen
and consolidate its foundations, -by proving, to the satis-
faction of the Sister Country, that the statesman in whom
she most confides—whose principles she most cordially
supports—who is her most efficient Representative in
the strictest sense of the term—that this man, staunch
Reformer as he is, holds no one opinion so •bnoxious t•
Royalty, as to prevent his being graciously received, when
he makes his appearance at Court. For a long time
past it has been the fashion among the Tories to represent
Mr. O'CoNrraLt. as a sort of tabooed individual, whose
presence could not fail to be unacceptable to Majesty. His
presentation yesterday will effectually put a stop to this
calumny ; and con►ince our Irish fellow-countrymen, that
the QUEEN is anything but ill-disposed towards him whose
greatest claim to public distinction is, that he has maintained
the cause of Ireland against overwhelming obstacles ; and
strenuously advocated principles, which the Tory Aristo-
cracy—the would-be arbiters of fashion and respectability--
hold in the most scornful abhorrence.

The readers of The Sun arc aware that the speech deli-
vered by Lord JOHN RUSSELL at Stroud was made the
subject of an elaborate and virulent article in the Quarterly
Rcriew. This was no doubt a high compliment to the
speech, but not higher than it deserved. The Noble Lord,
in a few but well chosen words, and in a tone of self-
possession befitting the calm dignity of truth, exposed to
the country the principal crimes of the Tory Ministries
during the period of their sway. He charged them with
increasing the public debt from 250,000,000/. to

800,000,000/.—burdening the people with oppressive taxes
—squandering the money thus extorted with the most
wasteful extravagance—depreciating the currency, thereby
eventually rendering the national burdens much heavier
than they would hare been—perverting the Poor-laws from
their original purpose to the destruction of the moral
character as well as of the independence of the labouring
population—spending nearly a million of money, and
lavishing honours and titles without limit, in bribing the
Irish Parliament to consent to a Union, merely nominal,
between England and Ireland—and deluging the House of
Lords with a flood of Peers, for the purpose of creating
and keeping up an oligarchical government. These were
some of their acts of commission : among their omissions,
Lord JOHN enumerated the neglect of the criminal law,
which they left nearly if not quite as sanguinary as they
found it, and their allowing the foul and sinful blot of
slavery to remain on the national character. The Quarterly
Review, in a late article, took up these charges seriatim, and
made a feeble attempt, by the aid, too, of gross rnisrepre-
scntation, to show that they were groundless. An answer
to this article has just appeared in the form of a pamphlet
(published by Ridgway and Sons), in which the Reviewer's
mis-statements are shown up in a very complete and masterly
manner, and the original charges substantiated beyond the
possibility of cavil. The article in the Quarterly has
been pretty generally attributed to an ex-official of the
Admiralty, who has long been an actor of all work—
much of it of a very dirty description—for the Tory
party. Whether this paternity be r'ght or wrong, wo
do not pretend to say. Neither shall we take upon us to
determine whether the author of the pamphlet before us
shadows forth this personage in the following passage
" We do not know who was the author of that article, nor
should we be willing, by uttering vague suspicions, wantonly to
cast such a stigma on any man. It is possible, indeed, that
the writer may b 3 unsusceptible of disgrace : it is possible that
he may be one of those, whose office in his party is to bid de-
fiance to shame, and to compensate the
want of birth, or for-
tune, or character, by performing services, the mere proposal
of which to men of spirit would be an insult. It such be his
position, he may, perhaps, avow his work ; but if he can sink
in public opinion, he will keep on his mask."
The first topic on which the author of the pamphlet
comes to issue with the Reviewer is the profligate aug-
mentation of the Peerage. This is a peculiarly tender point
with the Tories. They have of late pretended an extraor-
dinary anxiety for the purity of the " Order." Hardly a
single creation has taken place since the Whigs came into
must degradation a da
their i o n
mortification inflicted
office, without calling forth a burst of virtuous indignation at
the d
uponandthreagePewheagne.the‘y find
Vhat then
the
charge not only retorted upon them, but brought home by
proof which it is impossible to invalidate ? This has been
clone by the author before us. He first notices the disin-
genuousness of the Reviewer in leaving out of his calcula-
tion the '2B Irish Peers pitched into the House of Lords by
Mr. PITT; and having shewn that of the 79 Peers who
now represent. the House as it existed before the revolution
of 1688, and. of the 101 representing it as it stood atthe ac-
cession of George 1., only 37 of the former, and 46 of the
latter class are opposed to the present Government, he pro-
ceeds to the arithmetical part of the question, and exhibits
to the public the following rich specimen of the manufacture
of oligarchs by the various Administrations which have
ruled the country since 1784 :

" At the accession of Mr. Pitt, in January, 1784, the House
of Lords consisted of only 194 English Temporal Peers.
From that period until January, 1825, inclusive (when Lord
Liverpool created his last Peer), the House was augmented
by the cration of—
English Peers. ........ .......... .............. 179*
And by the introduction of Irish Peen ........ 2B

Total ...... ............................. 205
Si► ice that time the creations have been 9 by Mr. Cannily*,
6 by Lord Ripon, 10 by the Duke of Wellington, 34 by Lo7cl
Gre- y. 5 by Sir Robert Peel, and 13 by Lord Melbourne—in
all 7'7, making, with the previous 206, a total of 296. of this
vast. addition there were created by
Whigs ............... 59
"By Mr. Canning 9
By Lord Ripon
And by the pure Tories

Total 283
It may be supposed however that these creations were justi-
ilot 1, or at least excused, by the Peerages which, during that
inter
became extinct. V, e will show how far that defence
is avA ilable. The number of Peerages that hare become es-

THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1838.

tinct during that period is 75. The figures therefore stand
thus—
Peerages addc 1 since 1784 283
Peerages extinct siece 1784

Total addition to the House of Lords since the
commencement of the Tery reign
Is it true then, or is it false, that, during about 50 3ears,
" more than 200 persons have been added to the House of
Lords?" Is it true, or is it false, that •` the number of the
Opposition in the House of Lords is to be attributed to a
profligate profusion of Peerages?" When we find that in the
same half century in which the Whigs created 59 Peers, the
Tories made 209, to what other cause than to a profusion of
Tory Peerages can the numbers of the Tory Opposition be
attributed r

No unbiassed person can hesitate to adopt the conclusion
which the author here draws ; neither can there be the
least doubt that this overstocking of the Peerage had for
its object to keep the Tory party perm inently in office—or
if not in office, in power. What other reason can be as-
signed for Mr. PITT'S creating in 1784—when be it obsorved
he had already a large majority in his favour-12 Peers ;
from 1786 to 1795, 41 ; and in the two succeeding years, 32
—in all 85 peerages in the course of thirteen years? That
sworn enemy to the liberties of his country wall knew that the
party politically opposed to him would never resort to the
only means by which the effect of his lavish creations could
be counteracted—namely an equally lavish creation ; and
he therefore acted as if he felt that every new Peer was an
additional security for the perpetuation of Tory principles.
(* We omit in this computation the Barony of Braybrook,
and the Earldom of Mansfield, which did not, in fact, increase
the Peerage.)

A Committee of Middlesex Magistrates was appointed
some time ago, to consider the expediency of recommending
the Government to bring in a Bill to limit the opening of
public-houses to the hours prescribed for coffee-houses and
beer-shops ; to empower the magistrates to license certain
houses for the sale of tea and coffee during the night ; and
to suggest such modifications of the existing lawi in regard
to public-houses as may appear necessary. The Committee
have reported, and the resolutions which they have sub-
mitted to the bench of Magistrates come on for discus-
sion before the Quarter Sessions. at Clerkenwell to-
day. As it is not improbable that the resolu-
tions may be adopted, and that the Home Secre-
tary may be addressed on the subject, we direct the
attention of the public to the main pcints. It is pro-
posed that licensed victuallers, and other persons that
supply refreshments, shall be more effectually protected
against those who obtain these refreshments, and refuse to
pay for them ; that certain coffee-houses affording refresh-
ments, not being of an intoxicating nature, shall be open
during the night time ; that no public-house be open on
Sunday, before one o'clock ; that all public-houses shall be
cleared of the guests before half-past eleven at night ;
and that landlords supplying spirituous liquors to persons
in a state of intoxication shall not been entitled
to payment. As far as regards the interests of the land-
lord these proposed regulations are excellent. We have
always thought it a hard case (and it occurs every day),
that when a swindler gets refreshments, for which he never
intends to pay, the landlord should have no redress but by
an action at law—in other words, no redress at all. It is
also expedient to deprive him of all claims for the payment
of liquors furnished to persons in a state of intoxication.
Of this he cannot complain, because it is for his ad-
vantage, as well as for the peace of society. Some
of the other regulations, however, are of a more
questionable nature, and some of them, indeed, cannot
be carried into effect. It was the law formerly that
all public-houses should be cleared at a certain
hour ; but it was found to be inefficient, and gave rise
to such annoyance to both landlord aad customer, that it
was abolished by universal consent. 'Why Mr. BARBER
BEAUMONT would restore it we cannot imagine. It is in
fact declaring that London tradesmen shall cat, and drink,
and sleep by rule. Vast numbers of that class have, from
habit and custom, adopted rules of their own, and
the practice is so different from that proposed, that
it would be as easy to carry Sir ANDREW AGNEW'S
plans into effect as to compel them to go home at
an hour fixed by the Middlesex Magistrates. It is
infinitely better that the law should remain as it is,
and that the landlord should be held answerable for the
good order of his house. Before such a law could be
adopted, many preliminary steps must be taken. The Thea-
tres arc not closed till past twelve—many occupations are
carried on till a later hour ; and are persons who have no
other means of getting what refreshment they require, to
be prevented from entering a public house after eleven at
night ? %Ve fear it would be equally difficult to close all
public-houses up to one o'clock on Sunday ; and believe
that the object of the Magistrates might be more effec-
tually obtained by a better system of police. We may
return to the subject, however, when the result of the
proceedings this day is ascertained.

The Paris Journals of Tuesday have all been received.
On Sunday night the police arrested eight individuals be-
longing to the working classes, charged with being members
of a treasonable club, engaged in conspiring against the
state. One of them had been previously convicted on a
charge of illegally manufacturing gun-powder, and sentenced
to fire years' imprisonment ; but on the promulgation of
the amnesty he obtained his liberty. The name of this
man, who is by trade a founder, is LETESTRE.

The Government is about to commence the laying down
of the following lines of railway, recommended last week
for its adoption by the Chamber of Deputies From
Paris to the northern frontier, beginning in the Rue La.
Fayette, Faubourg St. Denis, and passing through St.
Denis, Pontoise, Beauvais, Amiens, Arras, Douai, Lille,
and Roubaix. A branch will go from Douai to Valen-
ciennes. 2. From Paris to Rouen, forming part of the
line to Havre. This road will be the smile as that just
mentioned as far as Pontoise, where it will branch off, and
pass by Gisors, Estrepagny, and Charleval, and will de-
scend by the valley of Andeile to Rouen. 3. From Paris
to Orleans, forming part of the line to Bordeaux. It will
commence at the Boulevard de l'Hopital, and will pass
through Cordeil and Etampes. 4. From Marseilles to
Avignon, forming part of the line from the former place to
Lyons. It will puss by the Valley des Aigalades, will be
tunnelled through the hills that separate the basin of Mar-
seilles from the port of Berre, and will pass along the
canal of Arles by that town, and afterwards by Tarascon to
Avignon.

On Monday the Chamber adopted two Bills submitted
to it by the Ministry—one for raising a levy of 80,000 men,
a part of the conscription for the year 1838 ; and the other
for granting 60,0001. as a secret service fund. Both were
opposed by the ultra-liberal section of the Chamber.
Captain GUIMARD has been authorized by the King of
the FRENCH to undertake a new expedition of discovery in
Scandinavia, Lapland, Iceland, and Greenland. The King
of SWEDEN has appointed several scientific professsors to
accompany and assist M. GutmAnn and his associates, in
the hope that the expedition may advance the progress of
science.

Letters from Bayonne of the I 6th state that Es PARTE no
has established his head-quarters between Logrono and
Callahona, preparatory to an attack upon Estella.
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.—SITTING or THE 20ni.
Mr. Goein rose to develope his motion for the reduction of
the Five per Cent. stock. He would consider the question
under the three points of view of its legality, its equity, and
its utility ; lastly, he would prove its being opportune. He first
Book° to the legality of the remboursement, and proved it
from every financial document. The Minister instanced Sully
and Colbert, who made use of this right in 1600 and 1652.
No Legislature had ever abandoned this right. To pass to
the question of equity, how eould it be controverted ? That
it was contrary to the interest of the holders. But should
not the interest of some few give way to the great interest of
the many
? The present holders must have had no other ex-
pectation. The immense majority bought their stock at a
very low price, and have enjoyed it, exempt from tax, ever
since. Now to proceed to the utility, which was much
more conclusive,, and amounted to absolute necessity. It
could no longer be adjourned. When the state was in want,
it applied to public credit, but this would fail hereafter, if it
was not kept up by remboursementa in prosperous times. For
this was a sinking fund established. This became useless
%lien the stock got above par. When it did so, you passed the
law of 1833, which was preparative to the reduction. If you
determine now not to reduce, you must resolve never to bor-
row for the future. This you cannot do. Whilst the debt
is stationary, and whilst we pay a large interest, the state
has more than one hundred and ten millions in the bank,
producing nothing. This should be employed, and, with
from ten to twenty millions of economies might give
that activity to public works which is so much desired.
The existing incertitude, were it to be prolonged, would ob-
struck those very public works so recommended. The public
feeling is distracted between the two, and you must settle the
one ere you can proceed to the other. Too great an expense
in public works might bring on a crisis like that of the United
States. This should be considered. In conclusion, Mr.

Oouin said he did not want to fix the day of reduction. lie
would leave to the :11inister the choice of the time and the
mode of conversion.
The Minister of Finance said, in the interest of all opinions
it was nece3sary that this question should be discussed. Ile
would therefore beg the Chamber to take the question into
consideration.

The motion was unanimously ordered to be taken in conside
ration, and soon after the Chamber adjourned.

FnENCII FUNDS—PARING FEJ. 20.

Five per Cents.. 109 f. 60c. Oc, 6:;c.
Four and a Ifalf ner Cents. 105 f. 60c.
Four per Cents., 103 f. 00c.
tser Cents., 79f. 6 c. 65c.
Bank Actions, 2,660 f. 2,6:30f. 2,642 f. 50c.
Itente de Naples, 99f. fhif. 10c.

Roman Five' per Cents., 1018 %.
Spanish Actives. 19;414 .
Belgian Loan, 101,...
Belgian Bank, 1,52.3 f. 1,531.
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents. 17%N.
Dutch Two and a halfper Cents., 53%.
EXCHANOR ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 2.5 f. 47y,c. ; money, 25f. 471,4 c
Tyree months, paper, 25f. 35. ; meney, 25f. 32!‘s.
LAST PRICES,
Five per Cents. 10 f. 60e.
Three per Cents., 7111. 7''c.Bank Actions, 261.2 f. 50c.
Romans' 10Ir..
Belgian Loan,
Belgian Bank, 1,5201:
Portuguese Three per Cents., 17%.
Spanish Actives, 191,
Dutch Two and a Half per Cents., 53%

Brussels and German Journals of the latest dates have
been received. The latter contain the copy of an apo,,to-
Heal brief from the Pope to the Chapter of Cologne, cen-
suring the conduct of the Members in acquiescing in the
dismissal of the Archbishop. We shall give thii docu-
ment to-morrow, as we have no room for it in our columns
of to-day. The Brussels Journals aro taken up with com-
ments upon the Papal brief.

BELGIAN 1. UNDS—Bat'sms, Fen. `2:O.
Actual Debt, '2% per Cent.
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent.
Loan of Thirty Millions 9314
Loan of City, 1532, 4 per Cent 99
Society •t Commerce, 4 ..sper Cent l5O
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent ll7,
National Society .
—Brussels Peepers, Feb. 20.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—ViaxNs, Fun. 12
Five per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
Three par Cents.
Bank Shares

-411gemeine Zeitung, Feb. 18.
HAMBUR' BOItSEN HALLE, FEa. 16.
hills. Mont.,
Austrian Meta Piques, 5 per cent.
Dirt., ditto 3 percent.
Ditto ditto 2,i per cent
Liao Bank Shares 1437 1434
Anglaßussian Loan lOB 1U734
Paper Inscription, 9 per cent —
Russian 5 per cents. Metal.
Russian Inscription, Hope and Co., 3d and 4th
Series
Ditto, Certificates
Portuguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent —
Ditto, 3 per cent. —
Dutch 234 per Cents.
Ditto 5 per Cents —

Polish Bonds, 3 per cents.
New Tickets 156y1 15104
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per cents .. 7144 7154
Norwegian Loan of 1N34, 4 per cents ...... ..... HI%
Spanish, in piastres, 3 per Cents —
Cortes Lean, 5 per Cent lB
Greek 4 per cents. 1533, guaranteed by France
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAMBURG, Fen. 16 —l3 104 ; two months. 13 au.
CHRISTIANIA, Fea. a—Three months. 5 12.
STOCKHOLM, I EIS. 6.-I'wo months, 12 14.
ST. PETERSBURGII, Fea. 6.—Three months, 6 17-32
—Hamburg Papers, Fe's. 16.

Letters and Papers from Lisbon to the 17th instant,
have been received this morning. They represent the
financial state of that country as most deplorable. Every
thing seems to be driving on from bad to worse, without
the remotest discernible prospect of any amendment. We
almost begin to despair of the regeneration of Portugal.

We have received Cadiz Papers of the 9th of February.
Tke Tienzpo of the 9th contains a Supplement, published
for the satisfaction of the inhabitants of Cadiz, stating that.
the Captain-General had received a dispatch from the
Captain-General of Andalusia, confirming the complete
route of the faction between Beaza and Übeda, and request-
ing the Commandant of Cadiz to forward a duplicate of
the dispatches to the Governor of Gibraltar. The dis-
patch states that more than 2,000 prisoners were taken, be-
sides a great quantity of arms, ammunition, and other effects.
