TO THE REFLECTING AND INTEL
GENT OF THE UPPER CLASSES.

It is generally supposed that you have an interest in
maintaining society in its present state, because you appear
to possess many advantages which the middle and lower
classes have not; and, therefore, as your situation is, by
comparison, so much better than theirs, you have every
motive to perpetuate the existing order of things.
My convictions are, that, with some truth, there is assn
much error in the preceding statement.
It is true you possess some privileges which the middle
and lower classes have not ; but it is also true that, by an-

other arrangement, founded on principles in unison with
all known facts, each of you, individually, may obtain, in
security and Perpetuity, other advantages which shall ex-
ceed your existing privileges a hundred fold.
Now, I Jim either right or wrong in these convictions.
HI am right, the pro,►f of that right will tie to you a great
gain—an everlisting benefit of high importance to your-
-elves and to your descendants. If lam wrong, the detec-
tion of the error by the intelligent of the upper classes will
put a sop, among the industrious classes of society, to
measures now in active progress, which cannot fail, if-not
irreited in their course, to effect the most extraordinary
change in the condition of this and other countries.
The time has arrived when it appears to me to be my

duty to put you in possession of the principles which will
effect this great change, and of the practice which is likely
to follow its introduction.

It is supposed by many that these principles and prac-
tices arc already known to the public. This conclusion
is most erroneous; very little of them is truly known ;
for, if it were otherwise, all classes would he eager to
adopt them.
Vague imaginations and random cenjectures have beat
given to the world by most writers, who have noticed my
proceedings, for principles and practices, which admit of
no inconsistencies without immediate detection.

Now I propose to adopt measures to enable those wiles
feel an interest in this vital subject to make thetnselvo,
masters of its ultimate results ; and if I mistake not, there
is no subject that can come before you in which you and
your posterity have a deeper interest at stake.
That no one in the upper classes may say hereafter that
they have been taken by surprise in this change coming
upon them before they are prepared for it, I will deliver
an introductory Lecture on Saturday, the 15th inst., at
two o'clock, in Almack's Rooms,* when the principles on
which the change of system about to occur will be fully

disclosed ; and after this introductory Lecture, arrange-
ments will be formed to make the details of the system as
well known to the intelligent of the upper, as they will be,
ere long, to the intelligent among the middle and the lower
classes.
My object in these proceedings is, to form a beneficial
union of action among all classes of the present genera-
tion, to obtain for the rising generation all the advantage,
which the means, now possessed by society, are com-
petent, under proper arrangements, to secure for them.
I add, that as the change of system is inevitable, it is
desirable it should be effected by a good understanding be-
tween all classes; but if this happy event cannot be.
brought about by the well-informed and well-disposed et
all parties, the industrious classes will be compelled, by
the overwhelming effects of the progress of machinery, in
competition with manual labour, to form arrangements
among themselves, unaided by aught except their industry,
directed by knowledge and good feeling, to effect the
change, to save themselves and their children from the
miseries of slavery produced by science misdirected.
Jam, Gentlemen and I.adies,
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
49, Bedford-square, May 6. ROBERT OWEN.
See the Advertisement.

FASHION AND NIGH LIFE.—We under-
stand that the leading features of the COURT JOURNAL of
next Saturday, will be the Diary of a Debutant, and
My Uncle, Sir Ralph—in each of which at tittles respec-
tively will be recognised the hand of a writer moving in
the highest circles of English society. There will also
a most amusing paper, entitled A Chapter on Gloves,
similar to that on Mustachios, which excited so much
attention in a former number of the COURT JOURNAL.
The Foreign Correspondence of the ensuing number will
also be of unprecedented interest and variety, including
original letters from Rome, Florence, Paris, St. Peters-
burgh, Vienna, Brussels, Bologna, ice.

A Sunday paper suggests as a motto for
GuyrEa—" The Triumph of Isis (Ices)."

By the accounts just published, it appears that
the amount of property chargeable to the county rate for
Middlesex last year was increased above 10,000 i.

A very elegantly-dressed young female, named
SARAH FRANCIS, was on Wednesday morning brought in
a hackney- coach to Guy's Hospital in a state of insensi-
bility, and apparently in the last stage of existence, from
having in a paroxysm of insanity swallowed a very large
dose of opium, which she had procured at various drug-
gists' shops in the neighbourhood of Blackfriare-road,
The cause of the rash act is said to have been an unfit-
tunate love affair, in which she became a victim to mis-
placed affection. She had previously in a fit of despair,
thrown herself off Southwark-bridge, but was rescued by
a waterman. In the Hospital she was attended by Mr.
HILL, who introduced the stomach pump, and succeeded
in extracting the poison, but it is feared she will not re-
cover—such are the powerful effects the opium has had
upon her nerves. The unfortunate girl.is about 21 years
of age, and possesses much beauty.
A SIZE JUDGE.--111 the Court of king's
Bench, Dublin, on Tuesday morning one of the Court-
keeper's maids, a plump, arch-looking girl, entered the
Court, and ascended the Bench to arrange their Lord-
ships' inkstands, cushions) &c Having completed all
matters for Judicial accommodation, size sat (WWII vs y
gravely in the seat usually occupied by Judge Jars. A
Reporter, who generally labours under the influence of a
couple of f lasses, (spectacles), while mending his pert,
threw a glance at the Bench, and asked if her Lordship
would go into law arguments to-day ? Her Lordship,
gravely—" Not until my brother Judges came into Court;
they will be here presently, as I just left one of them
dressing." Reporter—" My Lord, will the Court heir
motions to-day." Her Lordship—' I will hear motions in
chamber only, where I will also try applications to make
conditional rules absolute." Her Lordship was in the act
of leaving the Bench, when the Reporter asked if he would
attend her Lordship in Chamber ? Her Lordship, with
great quickness and gravity, replied—" Before entering
into arguments in Chamber, I must first sit in error."—
Her Lordship then retired.—Dublin Morning Register.
An affecting instance of determined suicide
took place on Wednesday afternoon in the establishment
belonging to Messrs. BOWLING and WALKER, wholesale
chemists and druggists, in Kent-street, Southwark. For
some time past a young man, named GEORGE Curvet',
twenty-eight years of age, who acted in the capacity of
shopman in the employment of the firm, was suspected
of embt 'sling divers sums of money which he received for
sundry articles sold in the shop of those by whom he was
employed. Owing to the strong suspicion attached to his
conduct, Mr. BOWLING employed sonic persons to pur-
chase certain articles at the warehouse, in order to detect
whether the shopman entered them in the book which was
kept for that purpose. The parties, according to the
directions given them, attended at the shop on Wednes-
day morning, and purchased six different articles, three
only of which were marked down in the day-book by
CURRIE. On inspection of the book, Mr. BOWLING im-
mediately perceived the omission of the three articles for
which the shopman had received payment, and immedi-
ately questioned him upon the subject. He denied that he
had sold the articles specified, upon which he seas then
apprized that he was suspected of embezzlement, and that
the firm was determined be should be taken before the
magistrates of Union-hall for examination on the charge.
In the course of the same day Mr. Bowurrs himself
attended at the police office, and having described
the nature of the charge against the accused, the Ma-
gistrate advised him to give the suspected party
into custody, and have him brought there in the
course of the same evening. Subsequently to the above
application Mr. BowLING returned hsrne, and while sit.
ting at 'dinner, about four o'clock, the wife of one of the
workmen came running to the door of the dwelling-house,
and exclaimed that Mr. CURRIE was in a strong fit in
the shop. Upon hearing this, Mr. Ilowursc immediately
proceeded to the shop, and saw the young man lying on
the floor, behind the counter, apparently in a fit ; he was
taken up and placed in a chair, and conveyed into the
yard, in the expectation that the air would revive him. In
less than a minute afterwards hlr. OGLING, the surgeon of
High-street, arrived, who pronounced that the unfortu-
nate man was dead, and gave an opinion at first that his
death was produced by apoplexy. On search for the vessel
or phial out of which the deceased had drank that which
produced his death, a small bottle was found under the
counter, where it appeared he had swallowed the feta
draught, and it contained a small portion of prussic acid.
The finding of this poison at onse accounted for the end-
dennees of his death, as it appeared that not more than
two minutes had elapsed from the time of his drinking the
poison until he was a corpse. The deceased had been
about 12 months in the employment of the above firm.
An inquest will be held on the body to-morrow (this day.)
