a most singular contradietion, and inveve whole
in a mystery which nothing but the arrival of the
Flamburgh Mails can solve.,.
If the statement of the Armistice is true, .tlieu
indeed the Emz.F.Roit of AUSTRIA must have uneon7
ditionally surrendered himself and his territories to
the mercy of a ferocious Conqueror, and havainadtv
up his mind to become a third" rate Power, or rather -
a mere nominal Sovereign; under the control and
superintendance of BONAPARTE. There is not any
official document, however, given in the Paris Pa- -
pens, which can in any degree prove that the Eisi-
EEROR of . RUSSIA had entered into any Treaty, or.
consented to any Armistice. The stipulation
,is:
merely
beWeen the. EMPE,RQR of AUSTRIA and 80..
NAPARTE, that the Russians shall evacuate the Terri-
, torie.s of the former within a given time. Will the
Russian Army form a junction with the Prus--,
sians, or will the KING of PRUSSIA attllally march
his Armies to attack the French ? These are guts-
tions which we confess ourselves unable to answer,
till we obtain some intelligence that may be depend=
ed upon from the North of Europe. Certainly if any
thing like a AusSian Army remains—if any thing
like spirit
pervades the Cabinet of Berliti—tbe cause
Etirop is not yet ItoptAuss•
The accounts brought by the French and Dutch
Papers are certainly highly distressing; at the same
time they
are not such as should create any de-
spondency, ,even if they are; .confirmed by official
accounts from the seat of War. Let us allow the
Russian Army to have been completely defeated,
and that an -Armistice 'has taken puce, leaving
BONAPARTE in ._possession of all:his conquests:
It 'is Atilt to be .recolleeled; that A hug
leen signed by Russia, Austria, and PrO°' by
which it •is covenanted, • that if reasonable terms
are not granted within a certain period, Prussia
woul4 join the Coalition. Suppose BoNArnapc
does not yield,—.SuppOse Prussia, seeing the wretClid
ed 'state of slavery to Which Europe Inost be re'
duced if BONAPARTE be allowed to
graceftil terms, shall ai with firmness and decision,
Surely there is still very fair ground to hope that the
indel*nd6ifec of Europe may still be.preserved, and
the Power of France nixie' consistent with the

Liberty and Security of other States.
Austria
(
_ .
is undoubtedly humbled, Inci almost
; but still there are 30,000 men with the,
ENPRROR) there was igoiooo with .th,o Archduke'
y
CHARLES. If the Ituasians lost 40,00 men in tl'
A&ion, the have 40,000 e
30,000 core Were expected soon to join. The Prus-
sian!' have
.170,000 men ready for, action. The lies-.
siallii have 2Q,000, the Snow have 30,000. The •;rig4'.
lish, Russians, and S wedes will form at least fin Arm/
Men left in Aloravia
of 60,000 men, nad,notwithstanding the present sue•
ce4se?omidbooutiotgoot,sql,r,h,e;rn. ay possi blystill 6 Ild
that ills career may be checked.
i
01c day on which Prussia was to a& against Fran:
f BONArARTE did 110 t accede to moderate tt31:11:13,
0- ..
was the 14th instant. Is it to be stippo.sed .ttiat on
account of the Armistice, Prussia will retire frign
bEauvreop:
flui.oilql
iilaalnseleyn submit the. 'Lune, and suffer those teens to be di6tate4
's'it i, believed that
which she armed to prevent ?.'''ls it probable that
dmyittot.eacton7 rover,, who t4ll

o ,
50fitiAlrOfitesi„sutotti‘ci:
jSTssEtßtrasrr:ived - al.
vislitre: Yesterday, about twelve o'Clock, the PAiliel
Windsor, bil ;
id,
.
This forenoon no Court .Iderman wwas"'
The -LORD MAYOR, after inspecting the lw,itatti
ordered the -paw 'of Bread to be lowero gm' 17
peck. - i ' •
Yesterday morning Lord Hoop, the Govetlicr of
Greenwich Hospital,' attended Lord HAwic.cstwavP
at his Office in the Treasury, respeung the fini 3ydr'
rangements for the ceremony of the remains o',;•'-'`:•"ft
NELSOlllying in state; when it was settled, 03' '„,
should commence on Sunday morning, and contilm"
dnring that da Monday, and Tuesday. 'The Pc°Pro"
aession on namesthe -on Wednesday, I
and the 'll'',
nerallo take place on Thursday. The solemn o'o7
cession will begin to move at ten o'clock on ThOrS".
dicit4oayot rill' in the precessiontiltle ' gP'arfkr.m"witthi ilels sAeuidlipeorisrateitlzletyi tA. .d Tm
will hiranOlettYrev:bi'cji:Sfltoe.
caofttr-two
Paul's till two o'clock. The-corpse will be carried.
Ibleepletiablciacrlyria
on a new-invented open hearse ; it is in the form at
the keel of atnan of war, which. will.be fixed upon
.of every spectator upon tills solemn and deplorabl].
oCcasion. - Atery elegant oen black canopy
be over the coffin. The Chapel in Greenwich Hos
pital, and the two large • the'Adrniralty,
~.xep,oosefda,stnotfigcraietniftyheight for the
rooms in
. will be hung in black.. -
, On Thursday. sennight the Judges the
in curiosity
gave their decision in the great cause wherein the
Ladies -Km sisters to the late Joitx, Duke of Itox
BV!lnn.. were Plaintiffs, and JOHN WAR cuorg, gs(l.
Truster:;tliceorT,and
stlir
HtißEeviy Her,,tcnis BAILLII, Sir Joni
s
Deiendants.—The Plaintitls tried to gseattee assi'dew'tehree
Duke's Will, on the ground that his Grace was no!
forOf ' a
tisloetlnDdefdenis
dap)
nsi
tn: ~, ~,.7etea
the Will.—TheJudges unanimously found a verdict
nd.at the,. time. he e
Militia
Last Friday. the Monmouth and Brecon
marched in, two divisions,' and by different routes.
from Bletchington Barracks for Horsham.
(in Sanarday'morning the -.e. Ist Infantry marched
from Lewes new Barracks on their route to those
st
131etchingtott... , -
