RiICC,I•SI

VENEZUELA, loNe 29.
Legal Defers of tie,Regeney liroved, from the A a of its In-
\sralhnion, on the 39th of
,lanuary, in toei sic of Leon.
, Arn.lica aeknottledged the Centrai 'in or-
der not to increase the evih in which Sp lio was in
volved', and because, I key it, t bey bL_litied that this
Was lint onlyquessure that could sate the cbutviy,
and offer soirv:!' pro4pett uF ..liher,iting• titer g.
This body had never .any other but a provincial re-•
preientation, nor any power b•it cute Exectitive con-
fined to the tunctions of. its anon,' • whick•tt'as
the convodations,o( the Cortes, and' the defence of
the Stale, ihe only conditions on It'Leti the Spanialds
of both beinispin.res tiilerls'd• 01,u oUL,yed' a Go.:
vcfriicivni which ihoy,h 'Lonsotuted, and-
which could onq be f1)3111i111,Q4
ihe n:ingvr and ltnpus,teilk. v iii .fo• wing, :lobe coo
torm to tf.e fitd.imenf:tl taws o'A-7 t Alonarchy,
and to the• wi,ln tutu great Spanish and
Aloe ican.Body, the t.wies of whicO the:junta 'took
upon illo.oseives. •

. Soon after its appointment, S;-ain reason to
fear that her ;rope, would he tro,riated, and 'Ame-
rica had jo.acati-e to foresee that the sacrifice, which
it'Madeof
.and theda,.grs to. which .tt
exposed its inlet-pal satety,- woold. tioi .oar,mudi
compensation, for its fidelity. The first symptoms of
this fatal pres.rge were the liepresentativvs wirieh the
Jiinta sent to
..,Venezuela,, deso:i :ally, to ~.olc•ion.
the , - with which the fate of America was
pronounced, and the various and sio.v expei:ients
tried to extinguish the enthusiasm of tie vaniard..,
-ard keep up the illusion of the, Art.e'.,ans.._Evety
decree of the Junta was an Komise, and
ekry provision of its, agcy is r as a prouf .of. the

. .
. •
little that bits to be enteelM from 'them ty, those v. Ea
were born in or Dart emigrated to Amenca„ as it the
fluence of the sun had sucli power in favour of op-
pression. For a whole y(-::r 4,teSpaliards of Vette-
z oda were subniitnng to saerinces iu return tot the
violence of their Governors, augmenting the misery
in which they had plunged them by generosity, rind
mitigating the the severity of their situation by in-
formatioo of one trump! after another of their bre-
thren, which, as it was not Connadicted, serVed oily
tO augment the impunity of the:epresentativesot the
Government, which The 4Mericans acknowledged
troll] motives' of fidelity
In the midst of -these 'distressing domestic occur-
rvnces, they see the fate of Spain every thy becom-
ing More libpdess ; they lament its besing involved
in one misfortune of er another ; -they are ignorant
what use is made of their treasures, annul Fee men ar-
riving tt, exercise the Supreme Atlthority of their
-country, act:es...A. of perfidy, contatuinnted by, ve- •
nality, of ignorance and despotism, and eon-
tenet' into detractors of their own Constituents:
They'ask-them respecting the late of Spain, and they
say, nothing more than suits the People whoM they
have come to represent. Nor withstanding so much
ambiguity, so much perfidy and oppreSsion, nothirig
more is thou 4k• necessary, than a resolution todou,
bt our saCritices for thi-2 vindicatidn of the liberty
of. the King, whose iriterest. We-prefer to that a
any coontry of Amerit:a.
In this situation the cry of indignation reached
our ears, from Spain against the Central Junta : iii
spite of the friglitful apparatus of the political In-
quisition w4ich the Governors sent hy the .1 n•a had
diffused over this country,' the 'genius of truth, ele7
'sated above the atmosphere Of oppression, poirted
out tons without disguise, the true situation of
Spain, and led us to draw the most alarming con-
sequence respecting our own. • We saw nothing
but, oppression from abroad; want of cut,tidence 'at
h.ome, taetiot,s, dispersed and rooted arrnie.., and s
goverothent 'publicly' execrated, when we Were
;:shed to recognise another new t, re (muted of such
pteciklis elements in-the file of Leon, tie Fren,li
occupying, in the mean time, the wh he of Anda-
lusia, composed of a huudrvd Indic ideals, ~atnong
whom not even a single Americrin had or coniti have
arty place, 'nor even the power of giving the tacit
consent of America.

Our habit.of submission might have made us
.(71,
p.tble of acknowledging the Regency formed of sthh
tare materials, and totitrar), to all the fundamental
laws of our. Constitution, it we bad -seen in it even a
shadow of the hope which the Junta had m::& es
conceive in behalf of the Couidry andKit.g. o
ho
back ,to the oligin of those that have appointed the
Regency, we tee nothing they have to itansmit but
the exveration and otura,:os, • and the viol,dice with
which they themselves confess they have been djs-'
possessed of the power which they 1100- ; and on
looking on the act of thy- installation of the Council
of Regency, we see that if they. made any conces-
sions to -America, it was only to continue to her
their promises, to declare mote solemnly hyr slavery,
and to prier her a liberty in theory Which would dis-
appear in the detail to which American representa.
tion was SUbieitted in practice t
The Province of the Caraccas would have gross.
ly belied the Spanish character, which it is anxious
to'preserve, had it longer totpo,ed its tate, the arbi-
trary caprice of the representatives of a new oligar!
city, which, besides proceeding from so defeatve urn
origin, being, formed withoklt its kno,vledge, and not
asking its consent to ratify it, was incapable of sav-
ing Spain, of procuring liberty to the King, and of
adtniuistering justice to the itthabitants of this Pro-
vinci., against the des:,otic sovereignty which its Go-
vernors have arrogated to themselves. The laws bad
no other protection than ourselves, and the nvcessity
that there sometimes is of distpensirig vvith at, was
not, with respect to (D., the same that We-peopie of,
Cadiz were
,under, of tolerating any form of Govern.
cent. French brit), ry, which had disgracefudy sue,
'ceeded 'in corrupting sever,' Nobles of Spain, I ad
already passed the-ocean, and there was no doubt that
it' would-have introduced into our hosoM,, and be-
foreoar 'eyes, Cities, Councils, Tribunals, Regi-
ments, and Generals, that had been, affected by it in
Spain; we had to fear that it would be still more easy
to corrupt the-small number to which the Govern-
ment had been reduced ; and we trembled when
we saw ourselves governed by men who had sworn
allegiance to Joseph the, First, who bad long 40'
Sided at his Court, add Whose former conduct with
respect to us, only justified those unfavourable im-
pressions. Caraccas presented to the lace of the
universe its situation on the I9th of April, and
asked the people of the American ,Continent, who
had not renounced their political dignity and button--
able charadet of subjects of Ferdinand VII. if they
would deserve the esteem of their cotemporaries,•
and the grmitudeot posterity, by blindly submitting
to those who arrogated to themselves the sovereignly
without the consent of America, declared to be an
integral part of, the empire ; and when they ex-
acted ,a servile acknowledgment of the shadow from
their habit of obeying, and by the delusive promises
of advantages greaier than Nil:re absolutely in their
piz.ver?

* Alaniti sto of the loom of the 29th of januagy in the Isle
of Lem.
T/ip Council of Regency to the Amei!cans,,
