enliven us exteeilingly: they eve us 'room id
hope, and expand our mind with glorions antici-
pations. They tell us to indulge in the joyful be-
lief that Larope is yet true to herself, and that
the heavy chain of slavery has gallvdSulf6:fry in-
tollesistaucco—that oter•goaded Patience ha re-
belled agairiit Tyranny., and even the Worm that
has endured being trampled upon so long, roused,
at last to turn upon Oppression. ,
Upon this topic it be premature to com-
ment more particularly; and we leave oar -loyal
and patriotic countrymen to dwell on the picture
which their own inntginations can pEtint to thew'
ire colours as brilliant as their temperaments
allow.

. Afessage was,. as Usual towards the close of
The Session, delivered to Parliament last nip, ht rc
questing a Vote of Credit. The stun specified is
five millions, whirh will of course be granted,- as
no .True M'in would desire to tie.up or embarrass
the bands of Government in these eventful An cl
wondrous times.

The India Hill passed through another stage.
The public must he rompletely tired of it.

Several of the Morning Papers state, that a
great Naval promotion is intended to take place
on the Ist of August. Not aware that the Exe-
cutive Governmen* or the Admiralty Board com-
municate their intentions, in these respects, to
the Editors of the prints who have ventured this
assertion, ive can venture to assure the Navy
that this is a mere unfounded suppoaition on their.
parts.

Important dispatches are hourly expected from
Lord WE.LLINGTON, respecting the progress of the
Allied Army in the Peninsula.
Yesterday at two o'clock, a Cabinet Council
was Ireld at the Foreign Office, which broke up
at about a quarter past three:
Parliament is not expected to rise till the latter
end of next mouth.
Letters from Wingo Sound, dated the IGth,
mention, that should Denmark recommence

ritite hostilities, our Baltic fleet is so arranged,
that there will be.a chain of protection to convoys
from Wingo Sound to Haim, in the Baltic.
The German Patriots still continue to anncYthe
enemy in various-directions ; but the regular Has,
-shin and Prussian corps discontinued hostilities on
receiving advice of the, Armistice.
Some few letters by the Heligoland mail, which
arrived late on Saturday evening, were delivered
yesterday. The intelligence contained in them :
from Ilainhurgb reaches to the 14th inst. and is
of a sufficient! y painful description. It seen* that
nothing short of the ruin of this ill-rated cite will
satisfy the revengeful spirit of BUONAPARTE. The
12th instant was, the day fixed for paying Oa'. first
instalment of the contribution levied on the Mei...
chants, but not A franc was paid, one and all de-
claring their' inability to. comply.with the emir-,
mous demand of the French Goverment. The con,
sequence was, that Davottst. immediately carried into execution the private orders of his Master,
and art ested and sent to Paris, as hostages,' th irtv-
four of the most respectable merchants Of Ham-
burgh. Among those are Messrs. Osy Cha-
peaurouge, M. J. Hertz, J. M. Schnlitt, Von Bur-
gett, Lubbert, Wetphalen, Bereoltoosen, Jacob
Albers, Hertz (of Keckscher and Co's.) S. D.'
Kruger, L. U, Wallach, N. W. Helfman, Meyer,
of Tedder Karstens, and George Virortinan ; this
last Gentleman is at least 80 years of age, _and is
much afflicted with the emit. The celebrated-
Chief of the Hanseatic Legion, Mr. Von Hesse,
has sacrificed his property, in order to elfvet his
personal escape. It this brave man -has notal--
ready reached England, his arrival, may he daily
expected, and will doubtless be hailed with tho:a
sentiments which tlmse sentinients which arc due
to the patriotism be has is honourably and gal-
lantly displayed.-

A ietter froth Bremen reports, we hope notroly;
that Count BENTII4CK t►as been shot at Wesel, by
order of 13UONAPARTE.

13UONAPAETE, throng]) the medium of his oh.;
sedulous Press, has intimated that Dresden is to
be the place for carrying on negotiations for
Peace. is to be observed, that lie is strengthen-
ing that place with great activity, and considering
the perfidious nature of his character, it might
not be very prudent in his opponents to trust
themselves into his custody, lest he should'give
them the same protection as he extends to his
Holiness the POPE, and the Royal Family of
Spain.

Denmark seems to forget, altogether, the un-
proked aggression against Sweden in 1808, when
the plan to dismember that country .was agitated;
and which absolutely ended in depriving it of the
best of its provinces, and the deposition of the
honest though ill-advised

Omniurn rose yesterday morning nearly half per
cent. This is the day on which the Receipts are
taken in, and they were taken very eagerly.
The Nymphen, Capt. IlAticocK, which takes
convoy for Lisbon, carries out ANN. on Gro-
vernt»ent account.

Yesterday, soon after the QUIM4 and Pa InclAa
arrived at the Queen's Palace, Townumd and
INPillanus, the Bow-street ()Ricers, who were in
attendance, ohs'erved a man cleanly and plainly
dretsed, who had the appearance of a country-
man, in the front of the Palace, who by his Dui_
tittles, talking to himself, &c, they had no doubt
was deranged, and fearing be would make an at-
tempt to enter the Palace, they %vent to hint, and
found, by his conversation, that their suspicions
were correct.' He said it was the Queen of Eng-
land's premises., and he lad a right to remain
there. However, he was not so mad but he un-
derstood their threat of sending him to 'prison,
and took himself off.
Time Rev. JAMES WEBBER, M. A. Chaplain to
the House of Commons', has been collated to the
,Prebend of 645merly, in Chichester Cathedri.l.,
Cant by the death of the Rev. 41r. LoRD,
