• W.,...,,N --,,...,. -.......--.,,......,
/...„..%-
t •-.- '''...,--f,-,: - •
.., ,
...1...... 'A.

LONDON JOUIZ,NALS.

DAILY EXTRACTS FROM THE MORNING PAPERS,
_May 16.,

[THE TIMES.]

CC Brandenbargh-House, May 15.—Her MA.•
JEST I has been pleased to dismiss from her set;
vice M. CARLO FORTI, in consequence of her
having no further need of his services, as she is
now
.settled in England.—Her MAJESTY has also
given a power of attorney to Signor Jos en MA-
RIETTI to sell her property in Italy.
G Stich, then, is the end of all the persecu-
tions instituted against this illustrious female—
that, while they have increased her contempt for
the more profligate- part of , the country„th:.y
lilve onlk...setved to attach her still more• to. the
sterling and virtuous part of the Bri:ish commu-
nity, and determined her to fix her residence
among them., Though.not without extreme suf-
fering, yet-in everything she dL'feats and baffles.
her enemies.; or rather their measures lead to
their own frustration. If this last persecution of
her MAJESTY-the persecution by abuSe:—has
led to the determination above intimated; namely,
that of continuing among us, a point upon which we
know her mind was unsettled, the nation at large
Will be thankful for it ; and we do trust that her
:MAJESTY will'uot suffer any hypocritical appear-
ance of contrition on the part of her enemies;---
any hollow displayof the ordinary civilities due to
her station and sex, to melt-her resolution and
bend it to their will. She is English all over,
and ought to live in England-only.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.] •
By yesterday's mail advices were received
-from the Alorea, down to the middle of April.
They are of an afflicting nature to the cause of
the Greek insurrection. The Turks had re-
ceived a considerable reinforcement of troops at
Patras, and had completely subdued the Greeks
in that place. The Archbishop and a number of

his followers had fled to the mountains—and se-
veral thousands, men, women, and children, had

. •
found means to escape by sea, and had arrived
at Zante,in the most deSlitute state, having fled
with nothing but the .elothes they wore.—Their

houses were plundereU` by the Tnrksi and. all
who fell into their hands were massacted in the

nost barbarous way.—Every thing`was quiet in

the lonian and other Island;.--.-The letters from
Constantinople. are to the 11th of April. The
Rank continued unabated. Two Or'three Greek,

,•
Bishops had been beheaded, and numbers 'of
Greeks had taken shelter on board of vessels
bearing the Russian flag, which is respected.--
Great preparations were making by the Porte to
resist Prin.ce Ypsilanti, who ,had Tcrossed the
Danube, but the Turks were not to move until
an army was formed able to meet the insurgents.
This they will not find it easy to accomplish,
siilce all their distant provinces are either in a
state of open revolt, or of secret disaffection. At
no'preceding time was the •Ottonian EMpire -so
feeble and distracted. If the. Greeks were not
sunk in energy by the debasing' consequences of
their long slavery, the moment is faVonrable to
their establishment in Constantinople itself,. as
the metropolis of an indeependent kingdom, and
they would soca regain all their• original-VigOur.
Every liberal heart must rejoice to see the hor-
rible power of Turkey demolished, provided that
its European territory, with all the Greek popu-
lation, did not fall into the grasping hand of
Russia.

[MORNING POST.]
The subject of the Manchester Meeting in
August, 1819, was again brought forward yester-
day in the House of Commons, by Sir Franeis
Burdett, who seems to have considered that this
would furnish abetter declamatory speech than
Parliamentary Reform ; besides which, he rea-
sonably enough deems himself particularly qua-
lified to undertake the business, from his own
decided conviction upon the subject. lie was
nearly as intemperate as ever, though adducing
nothing new.in support of his allegations; and
after going over ail the old hacknied and thrice
refuted tales at a good round pace, he con-
cluded by moving for an inquiry into all the
circumstancestefore a Committee of the whole
House. The conduct of the Magistrates was
very ably vindiCated by Mr. Bootle. Wilbraham,
who .satisfactorily. replied to \the whole of the
Baronet's.Speech.—After some other Members
had. spoken, the further consideration was ad-
journed to this -evening.—Before the debate
commenced a series of Petitions were presented
from different perso-,', who represented them-
selves .to have been mutilated or injured at
Manchester. Two Petitions were presented from
Mr. Hunt. From one of them it appears that
he remains unchanged. • Consistently abusive, he
sends forth impudent scurrilities from his jail as
freely as he formerly dispensed them from the
Hustings. His calumnies on the Judges who
sent him to Ilchester were condemned by seve-
ral Members, and . especially by Mr. Scarlett.
Sir B.. Wilson upon this offered to withdraw the
Petition, but this was not permitted, audit was
in consequence rejected.

[MORNING HERALD.]
Sir Francis Burdett brought the Manchester
Meking question before the House of Commons
last asd made along statement in support
of his motion for a Committee of Inquiry. He
was replied to by Mr. Bootle Wilbraham, who
-read a variety of affidavits; tojustify the conduct

Pnicr, SEVENPENCt.

of the Magistrates, by a reference to the situa,,.
tion in which they were placed. There are two
thingS of great•ditliculty relating to this question
—the one, to say any thing new upon it—the
other to show that any, the least public advan-
tage could result from the agitation of it at pre!•
sent._ All will admit, whatever be their opinioti,
that the day of that memorable Meeting was one
of the most lamentable in the domestic history
of the country. But the passiOns and feelings
which animated either side are now soothed of
their violence, and the original cause—the dis-
tresses of the'.poor, are fast disappearing, even
on the showing of those most disposed to exagge-
rate them. Wereit not then better to avoid all
fresh irritating causes, and leave .the waking
partof the people to the undisturbed pursuits of
labour and industry

EN FM' TIMES .1
Tile old hackneyd story of the Manchester
Meeting•of 1819, was last night revived, but
with Very. Jittle success. All the old, worn-out
►:iisrepresentations, exaggerations, and blunders,
fell dead, a►►d the• whole piece was
' weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable."
The 'persons who got up:this exhibition, _seem to
have fOrgotten one or two circumstances, which
the nation has not forgotten. The
,murder of
Campbell, the constable„(which had so strange
ly slipped Mr. Lennard's memory,) was, to every
ratio►►al man, proof positive of the blood-thirsty
disposition of several of the leaders, in the alarm-
ing riot, which threatened the very existence of
Manchester. .But there was another and a still
stro►der fact, the conviction of Thistlewood and
his revolutionary crew. Now this Thistlewood
had been several times down at Manchester, to
stimulate the manufacturing labourers of that
neighbourhood to treason. lie was at that. period
the bosom friend of Hunt, with whom he had an-
peared at the seditious meeting in Smithfield. in
the face of these notorious and striking facts, to
argue that the Manchester Meeting was not an
alarming, a seditious, and almost a treasonable
riot, is to set common sense at defiance ; a►►d to
say, in other words, that your hearers are not a
remove from idiotism.

[BRITISH PRESS]
Last night Sir Francis Burdett submitted his
motion to the Ilouse of-Commons for an inquiry
into the events that occurred in the town of Mao.
thester on the 16th of August, ISI9. Never
was a: nobler appeal made to the hearts and the
understandings of men than was the speech of the
worthy Baronet on this occasion ; it was a splen-
did dlsplay of popular eloquence, bursting with
life and energy from a mind fraught with. gene,
rous sentiments, and impressed with a deep sense
of the, magnitude of the duty about to be perform-
ed, not to the sufferers alone, but to the future
fame and character of the nation. Previous to the
regular commence.ment of the debate, a great manv
Petitions were presented by different Members
from persons who were present at the Manches-
ter Meeting, and who bore on their persons
-prods orthe outrages there committed, praying
the:House of Commons to institute an ioquity
into the occurrences that then stained the streets
of Manchester with blood, and which ha4e
placed upon our annals a brand of shame, inde'.
lible except by the virtue and energy of Par-
liament. These Petitions severally Contained
statements of facts without any comment, and
being written for the most part by actual
sufferers, the greater part of whom are of the
labouring_ classes in society, were, as 'Sir Francis
Burdett well observed, " unaffected yet alfect.
ing details of the dreadful scenes which the

ffouse was invited to investigate. They stated
occurrences which no man of could hear
without experiencing that kindling glow of indig-
nation which must ever arise in an honest mind at
the recital of deeds of extraordinary barbarity
and cruelty. Among the Petitions that related
to this subject was one from Mr. Hunt, presented
by Sir Robert Wilson ; but it contained certain
allusions to one of the twelve Judges, and certain
imputations against the purity of the public jus-
tin of the Empire, which induced the House to
reject it. A long debate took place, and various
Members being anxious to speak, the question
was adjourned until to-morrow (this day).

,ONDON WELSH AUXILIARY' -BIBLE SOCIETY.
.The Anniversary Meeting of this Society was
held •yesterday at the Paul's Head ,Tavern,
in Cateaton-street. Sir WATKrNS WILLIAMS
WY NNE, Bart. who was in the Chair, ad,lressed the
meeting in a very neat speech. The Report
was then read by the Secretary, who gave a pleas-
ing account of the success attendatit on the So-
ciety's exertions during the past year. Thanks
being voted to the Chairman, a handsome collec-
tion was made.

SONS OF. THE CLEttGY.—Yesterday the re,

hersal of the musk of the Anniversary of the
Sons of the Clergy took place in the Cathedral
of St. Paul. The attendance was not so large as
usual, owing to the unfavourable, state of the day,
but was very select. The lovers of church music
enjoyed a high treat, the performances being in
the first style of excellence.

ASYLUM FOR THE DEAF AND Duran.--7--The- An-

niversary Festival of this benevolent ins:itution
was celebrated yesterday, at the City of London
Tavern. At six o'clock his Royal Highness the
Duke of GLOUCESTER took the Chair, supported
on his right hand by the Right lion. Lord Cal-
thorpe, and on the left .by Frederick Webb,
Esq. After the usual toasts, the S. cret ry read
a letter from the Marquess of Buckingham, apo-
logising for his absence, and inClosing a draft for
251. The Children were then introduced aud
presented a most gratifying sight.
