•
j
A y
'<pis of the Home of Common', published in one of the
iiewspapere, front which if ripr—r d, that in tt House of
Commons, .consisting .of 058 Alembers, there were 35t4
who were nominated by indiviitual*,-358 Members of ell
Liwer House were nominated by 856 of the tipper; the
oundier of plreemen Was (33; of 11(fretrli cif die array,
t,t; of the navy, 24; no Commoner, were returnel
by less than 200 petsons. In }Mint of faet, 154 persons
returner) a majority of. that 'More antecedently to the
peiiod Of the It lab Union ; arid, new our ten-tioneandth
part of the people returned a. Majority of what was
railed, the liotee 'of Ropiesentatives. Ito agreed that
they
,ehoUld Ware confidence in the tiliniaters So soon
AN they should desetwe that confidence, but not brfinehend.
tie admittod that their conduct up to that time &limed
the cirifiderier of the people, with nue solitary exception—.
that relate., to the appoii,thieht ef thelLord Chancellor of
Ireland, where the ground of ineferenve seemed to be tho
former support of Lord Plunkett, in the rapacity .of a par.
titian, by which the country was burdened with 4,000/.
a year, though Lord Chancellor Hirt gave the highest sa.
tisfictien. • Ile censured alto the bad tare of Lord Grey
in vomit% hag muny of his relatives and connections, Lords
Durham sod Howick, Mr. Ellice, and ohm, to the num.
ber of seven.
Mr. V. You en rose to iirder.--(Mueli confusion.)
Mr. FIAnoN re,ined, contending for perfect freedom
of debate. Ile then proceeded to compare the state of
France mid this country as respected the law of primoge—
niture and the ent.til of properly; calling etttntiou t.) the
degree in which time. Lire* strengthened the hands of the
aristrieray, who were, from tlie;r influetire over the
House ar to q:nwer upon the taxes the
younger branches of the Nobilirl. The people of England
now Mood io a proud and comniiinding iiituation, and they
owed it to the eonsequeneei of late emote in France. Ile
would uly to theM, in the words 'of the Port ['Aureate►.
written in his better
" : a Easter were It far
To burt the rooted mountain Irons its tat,
Than force the yoke or slavery on men
Determined to be free." (Applaute.)
Mr. P. Yotmo wished to see the several' parts of that
l'esiirlotitin put independently of each other, for there were
tome shotild'hive his moe; cordial support, while,
n the other loin!, there arts Other parti to which he had
a twist decided ribjeetion.

Mr. EDGAR supported the reaolution* which had been
moved, and especially recommended the lest to the adoption
of the meeting.
The resolution wee then put to the meeting and agreed to.
Mr. F. Youtra thought that they had met to devise
some means of relief to thtedistreseed pour. lie was the
decided enemy of all' monopolies—to tome of which he
attributed much of the existing dietress.
Colonel Jonas again rose to order.
Mr. F. YOUNG protested that he was a reformer of
fifty years standing.
The CHAIRMAN urged the maintenance of order.
Mr. F. You NO reaumed—proftrsing his disspprohatien
of the supposed eastern of reciprocity upon which the com-
mercial affairs of the country were conducted ; saying it
was a system of recliner* ell on one side.
Mr. Hannover, ALP.; said, that hominid not say, like
the gentleman who hail last addressed the meeting, that
he had been a Reformer for fifty years ; fur lie (Mr. Hob.
house) had not yet been so lung in existence. But he
could boast of having been a Reformer front the first hone
when he was introduced to public gothic. All his previous
opinions had rinse been confirmed by his daily ex per knee ;
and he had set length to congratulate the Reformers upon
lowing now almost reached the goal, in endeavouring for
which, they had so lung been straining in every nettle. It
was gratifying that they lived to see in, their Own tines
the fruits of their own labour become Matured, and that
they should not leave it for tloir pose rity, but should
themselves eecemplish the grateful task, to spoke the
sickle to the harvest, and with their unit hoed> collect the
fruit. Slut they -must notaillow thentselvee to he devolved
it was to themselves—the pople—anti to their unwearied
exertions, the reward was justly due which they would
soon receive. It was because they were Rt7formers,
thee hail now un Administration composed of Ree
brmers. lie did nut detract fiom the merits of the
present Ministers, when be said that they were favourable
to Reform, becalm! they SAW the necessity it emu.
plying with the demands of the people, It was but justice
to one Member at' least of the present Grivernmeht, whom
the Honotireble Member for that county would anew
to have always stood by him in his virtuous, his usefuL'
hie unremitting exertions in the public service. Ile
agreed that it was not wise to' place too much confidence
in publie'men ; but there was something ahuut the Noble
Lord, which led him (Mr: Mallow) to place eonfidenee
in him. !If hishould he disappointed in that Noe, Lew,
he would say farewell to all trust in public men.--
. (Gheers.)-- He did expect that the Noble Lied would now
oneetimplish, as Minister, those measures of retrenchment
which he bad so long advocated whilst Out of office, and
that, as Chancellor of Ilk Itrehequer, he will be as watch.
ful over the expenditure of the Government as he hod been
in his character representative e f the people, Should
the Noble Loud fail in that great enterprice, by losing the
Royal favour, he would truelove his great character ; aml
he might reconcile himself to the temporaty delay el its
aocomplishment, by the belief that it could not he long
deferred.—(Hear, hear.)—Vor, as bad been lathy said
in the House of Commons, no Administretion
expect to govern the country Ireneetinth au any other
principles than those upon which the gentlemen who
are now honoured with the King's confidence came into
office. ' The gentleman who hail last addressed the wet-
ing had CoMphlintd that the resolutions pointed Out no
remedy fur the existing distresses. but the resolution
which he (Mre Hobbouse) then held in his hand, eoe
plainer! what the Committee conceived to be a remedy,
and the only remedy; anti that was Reform.-...(Cheese.)
—With all dellsrenee to the experience and age of the re-
spectable gentleman who bird preceded him, he must 'say,
that gentleman was altogether militate) in hit opinitnes
concerning tbreign competition..—.(No, no.).—lt would, at
all events, be allowed, Oa if Robiem were granted, till the
evils of the unitary would be remedied, and that if it
tvers not granted, all Witr teusiedies wroth' prove bumf-
ficient The gentlemen had said, that the foreign ire.
duetions introduced into this country were pithl for in
gold. But that wits au invidious way to state the nutter.
Foreign goods could not be paid for otherwise than by
English manufactures, for that 'Which wail spoken of as
English gold, could only have beets obtained originally in
exchange for English manufectures.—(Criee of heir end
question, nominee, outmost', were repeated for some
minutes. )—With reenact to machinery, he would ask,
would any matt deny that it was For the advantage of the
people that oommodities illiquid be abundant and cheap.--
(A person in the crowd,'" They are too 'cheap already?")
ee, Only for the improiement in machinery, every article of
consumption would be SOD per cent. dearer then at present
(Too cheap. )—No nation, in which the ingenuity of man
was cramped, could ever attain a condition of peratanont
greatness. But lit what way could that ingenuity be more se.
verely cramped then the restriction of machinery ? A
few evenings since, accompanied by his Gallant Priced
near him (Colonel Jones), he lied attended a meeting cum-
posed of more than one thousand mechanics, who were
assembled fur the purpose of distributing the annual prizes
bestowed by their lustitutiou. Amongst the claimants of
those prizes, there was one Mari born in the lowest site.
alien in life, and having received education only from hie
own labour, who then came forward to receive the most
honourubledistinetion that could be conferred upon mot
prize beetowed by his equals and companions, in tes-
timony of his merit. His itteention was &machine for
abridging labour, and adding to the wealth 'of the country
by increasing protit.ction. It was impossible that ma-
Chinery could be a cause of distreni.—S-(Mingled cries from
all parts of the meeting, " it is l "No no h—the
tithes are, and the taxes.") He (Mr. flohhouse) would
assert, that the state of the Reprettentstion in the House of
Common* was the eafle.--(Cheers.) If say thing wad
wanting to prove the nectratty of reforming that House,
the deficiescy wet amply supplied with what hail bean pub.
hotted in one of the greatest journals of the day, lie meant
the Times newspaper,—(llisaleg, and cries of Is That is
theenemy of the Inside !") The publication to which hs had
alluded was an account of the persons receiving the pultho
money, under the mune of pensions and anparammations.
To that list is subscribed a siguature (said Mr,
which would suit ill of us —thet is " (:hee, if um'.
laughter.) The Aria names in the list were those of fie,
' Lords—lord Amherst, Lord 'Abel-m.01104v, Rall of Ail,
lone, the Earl of Ahstegavenny, and Lord Bexley. To go
through the entire list would occupy the meeting too long
(A person in the crowd called out "go on, Hohboinee till
yen come to your father's unmet" which eodenietion ivda
-.waived with contimted cheers end laughter.) It was
asked whether his (Mr. flubbouse's) keine was nut in
that list (" no, not youre—eyour &thee's") ? lie entwere
ed, that neither his name or his Whet's was there. but
even were his father one 'of those inottionere it wou
of any
hsirdit.i,l;eillu4:pet,jsviinil,niecinwiadiultrehdtaummlteit.otale:tv)(lll,fuerLialtluinintealitittlttetp:otoihtinfiliestnthoheliwites:initeillatill'itnib,ueleeahufratilflad:stillit:iahywne:tl;h:tadelithilvlereii:itel
ul dojos
coriAdeuee Would tit4eretrl betewirt:ill'reeet' loiast
tron7
tlet of the conduct of °them Hl Iririe *hit
ther4 was *agree a family of iiifluence in the kingdien
whirls di:l tuft think it
foaewsuerEdt ofudielsiyntib: share of '
'':fr
its
peblie mooey.,—(Shatne, shente) But be would not hers
