DEPUTIES 'ELECTED.

Department de r Oise—M. Florian de Kergorlay, M. Borel
1e Bretizel. Lofret—M. Henri de Longueve, M. Rocheplate.
:Haut Rhin.—M. Lafayette, the younger. Rhone:--M. Favy,
M. Gillet.

SESU,IN, MAY I.—_Letters from Seres and Sa-
lonica of the 9th April, confirm the defeat of the
Governor of Salonica in the neighhourhood, of.
Veria. Au insurrection has broken out in a part
of Macedonia, which renders the'. positiati of
-Chourschid .Pacha so much the more critical, as',
he has no longer.any communication; except with
Bosnia. The principal communications have for'
the present been cut off by these events. In
'Servia; Prince Milosch has had an interview with
the Pacha of Belgrade, at the distance of five
leagues from that capital, but the prudent Prince
was accompanied by 5,000 armed men.
VIENNA, MAY B.—No further dispatches have
:yet arrived from Constantinople. It is certain
that the Porte has not answered the Note of M.
Lutzow.of -the .Bth April, or at least that it
has-not given a satisfactory answer, other Wise we
should not. fail to be informed of it by the Aus-
trian Observer.
There is much talk of a mission which is to be
confided toVeneral de Radewsky,formerly Chief
of the General Staff. It is asserted that he is to
proceed to the Emperor of Russia, and that his
misskon-is connected with that of M. de Tatits-
chef. . General de Radewsky is to be the bearer
of an autograph letter from our Emperor to the
Emperor of Russia. It appears, however,, that
,he will not . commence his journey till after the
arrival of the next dispatches from M. de Lutiow.
• Letters, from Semlin- state, that the misunder-
standing ,between the Servian Chiefs .and the
Pacha of Belgrade continues to augment. At-
tempts \have been made to bring about an arrange-
ment; but without effect.

SIVIYRVA, APRIL Ig.—Last Thursday, the 11th,
the 'Ortintan fleet, consisting of 35 ships of war,
appeared' before Scio. The flotilla of the Sa-
miens lnid already taken: flight. The Capitan
Paella, before effecting a:descent, sent to ask the
Commandant of the fortress. if the whole island
was" ina.state of insurrection ; the answer of the
latter_was,, that the Greeks were assembled in force
in two large.batteries tiring upon the castle, and
they would hear of nothing but its surrender. In
. effect, notwithstanding the apnea ranconf eq.,.
droll, they continued their fire for upwards of four
hours. A fter learning with certainty their persever-
ance in revolt, the Capitan.Pacha disembarked a
corps of troops, .which being immediately joined
by more from the .fortress, they stormed the
height of Tourloti, and carried it in a short time.
The flight then commenced, then the massacre,
and then the burning of the town,, which con-
.tinued for five days. Four villages—Thimiana,
. Livadia. Vrondado and Vassilinico were also in
flames. Terror and-desolation were every where.
Upwards of 50,000 persons sent to make their,
submission to the Capitan.Pacha. Several thou-
sand Greeks were sabred in a village, where they
':}lad adopted the determination of defending'them-
-s:Aves. It is-stated that no Catholic perished
1500 ,persons,took refuge' at the French Consu-
late, and they were respected ; the Capitan
Paella has provided for their safety. Pardon will
ite granted to the Sciotes—they are to deliver
up 1000 Samians, who were the authors of. all
...all their disasters, and they hope every thing
.frorn•the generous character of the Grand Ad-
,ffniral, and the merciful intentions manifested by
the Grand Seignior.—(Spectateur Oriental.)
HANoVEn, MAY .11.-Our Gazette of to-day
tootains the following_article:—" Foreign Jour-
Atals have taken upon them to circulate that the
King had an intention of marrying the Princess
Royal of Denmark, daughter of the King of
Denmark.. The same Journals .also state that
.negociations were en foot for the purpose of ex-
,changing' the Kingdom of Hanover for the Dan-
-ish Isles. These reports have found their way
-Auto the German Soarnals,'- have deceived the
public, and perhaps given birth to the disquietude
here and there amongst persons, who, from the
positive tone of these tales, might for the moment
forget that an exchange of this kind, would be as
contrary to the European State Convention as to
the known opinions of the King. The recollec-
tion of these circumstances will surely suffice to
dissipateall disquietude amongst the Hanov(,rians.
But, in order to remove all doubt, we can state
from sources of certainty that these, two state-
-meats are without foundation.".

THE PATENT TWINE CLOTIL-This cloth iS
found to unite all the advantages of the grass
cloth of China, the linens of Germany, 'and' the
long cloths of Madras, for wear in the hot as well
as the Northern climates, possessing the property
of giving an. intermediate genial temperature,
avoiding :the coldness of the one, and .the too
great warmth of the-other, and is of greater eco-
nomy than every other kind of cloth.. It sold
exc litsively, stamped, " ILLARDS' Patent Twine
Cloth," &c. at their Foreign and British Ware.
house, No. 16,-Cheapside, in cases for exporta-
tion, and by the.piece, in numbers of
6d.-3s. and 2s. 6d. per yard, from 26 to 52
yards:each, for shirting, and a variety of family
uses,.and in pieces of two. and four paireach, for
sheeting ; its celebrity has induced a variety of
imUations to be brOgbi forward. and„sold for'it.

PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Martis, 21° die Maii, 1822.
_ _

WAREHOUSED C 0 RN—Petition of Merchants of Liverpool,
for pprraission to grind Warehoused Corn ; to lie on the table.
RoiDs—Cirencester and Cricklade I Read a third time, and
PA V I N G-11110A passed.
(.;onNr LAws—Five Petitions from Warwickshire; also from

Sussex, Dorset, and Banbury, against lowering the importa-
tion prices—to be printed. Petitions from Surrey, and Fram-
lingham Market, against ditto—to lie on the table.
MIDDLESEX COUNTY RATE—Reported, Report to lie on
the table.
Poore RE atovAr. BlLL—Petitions from St. Pancras, and

Mansfield, and from St. Mark—ret, St. Mary, All Saints,
and St. Nicholas (Leicester), against; to be printed.
DISTJI. LAT laic (Scerr LAND)—Petition complaining of the
restrictions on the exportation of Scottish Spirits; from Dum,
barton, Ayrsshire, and Stirlingshire ; to be printed.
ANCIENT COMMERCIAL STATUTES REPEAL BILL—PaI-

tion of Woollen Manufacturers of
,Wilts and Somerset,

against ; to be printed.
CPRN AND Pnovistoxs—Petition of Directors of Chamber

of Commerce of Glasgow, against 'restrictions on Importa-
tion ; to be printed.
ROYAL :BURGHS ACCOUNTS BlLL—Petition, against ; to
be printed, viz. from the Guild Brethren of the Royal Burgh

of Ayr.
BAKERS REGULATION BlLL—Report further considered ;
Bill re-committed to former Committee ; further time

vrantiql for mal-ina .1..
ROMAN CATHOLIC PEERS BlLL—Petitions, AGAINST, to
be printed, viz.—from Providence Chapel, Gray's Inn-lane,
and the Archdeaconry of Taunton. •
LEATHER 'Fax—Petition of Farmers, Tanners, and others, of
Hawick, for the repeal thereof ; to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE LORDS—That they have agreed to
Guldeford and Farnham Road Bill, and Chelmsford and Ti-
verton Paving Bills, without amendment , and Dartford
Road Bill, with amendments.
That they have passed,—a Bill, intituled, "An Act for
restraining the Bishop of St. David's and his successors
from granting Leases of the Tithes of Llangammarch, in the
County of Brecknock ; Llangevelach, in the County of Gla-
morgan ; Llangadoch, in the County of Carmarthen ; and
Glascomb, in the County of Radnor, beyond the term there-
in mentioned ; and for annexing the Tithes of the consoli-
dated Living of Llanarth, and Llanina, to the possessions of
the said See, allowing one-third of the annual profits thereof'
to the Vicar."
Also, a Bill, intituled, " An Act to enable Kitty Jenkyn
Packe Reading; wife of Charles William Packe, of Lowesby
'Hall, in the County of Leicester, Esq. to use and bear the
Arms of Reading, in compliance with the provisions of the
Will of Jenkyn Reading, Esq. deceased."
CORN IMPORTATION BlLL—read a second time, and com-
mitted for to-morrow (this day).
COLONIAL TRADE IMPORTATION DUTlES—Resolutions

reported :-
1. " That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid,
upon- the Importation of the Goods, Wares, apd Merchandize
hereinafter mentioned, into his Majesty's Possessions in
Americs, or the West Indies, from ports in Europe or Africa,
the Duties following : that is to say,
A TABLE of DUTIES payable -on articles imported into his
Majesty's Colonies,. Plantations, or. Islands in America or
the West Indies, from Ports in Europe or Africa :
Linen, not being the manufacture of Great Britain

or Ireland, every 1801. of the true and real value
thereof - - - - - J £33 0 0
Wine, imported in bottles, viz. :1-
- French Wine, the tun of 252 gallons - 10 10 0
Madeira Wine, the tun of 232 gallons - 7 7 0
Portugal Wine, the tun of 252 gallons , - 7 7 0
Rhenish, Germany, and Hungary Wine, the
tun df 252 gallons - - - 9 9 0
Spanish Wine, and Wine not otherwise enu-
merated, the tun of 252 gallons - - 7 7 0
And in addition to the specified Duties here-
by imposed upon such Wines respectively, a
further Duty for every 1001. of the true and real
value thereof - - - - - 710 0
And for every doz. of Foreign quart Bottles
in which such Wine may be imported - - 0 8 0
Corn, Flour, Galin, Meal, Pease,—for every 1001.
of the true and real value thereof - - 12 0 0
Headings, for every one thousand - ' - 1 1 0
Lumber, viz. Yellow or White Pine, per thousand feet 1 1 0
,All other 'descriptions - - - . - 1 8 0
Mill Timber, the like - - - - 10 0 0
Shingles, for every one thousand, not exceeding 12
inches in length - - - - - 0 7 0
For every one thousand ditto, exceeding 12 inches 0 14 0
Staves, Oak, red or white, for every one thousand 1 1 0
Wood. Hoops, for every one thousand - - 0 5 3
Alabaster, nchovies, Argol, Anniseed, Amber,
Almonds, ,Brandy, Brimstone, Botargo, Box- '
wood, Currants, Capers, Cascasoo, Cantharides,
Cummin Seed, Coral, Cork, Cinnabar, Dates,
Essence of Bergamot, 'Lemon, Roses, Citron,

Orange, Lavender, and Rosemary, Emery Stone,
—Fruit, viz : Dry and preserved in Sugar, Wet,
preserved in Brandy ; Figs, Gum Arabic, -
Myrrh, Sicily, and Ammoniac; Honey, Jalup,
Juniper Berries,-. Incense or Frankincense, Lava
and Malta Stone, for building, Lentils, Manna,
Marble, rough and "worked,. Mosaic Works,
Medals, Musk, Maccaroni,-Nuts of all kinds, Oil
of Olives and Almonds, Opium, Orris Root, Os-
trich Feathers, Ochres, Orange Buds and Peel,
Olives, Pickles in jars and bottles, Paintings,
Pozzolana, Pumniice Stone, Punk, Parmesan
Cheese, Pickles, Prints, Pearls, Precious Stones
(except Diamonds), Quicksilver, Raisins, Rhu- ,
barb, Rice, Sausages, Senna, Scammony, Sam-
, parilla, Saffron, Safflower, Sponges, Vermillion,
Vermicelli, Wine not in bottles, and Whetstones,
for every 1001. of the true and real value thereof 7 10 0
2. " That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid
upon the Importation of the Goods, Wakes, and Merchancliza.

We have received the Paris Papers of Sunday.
They contain the following article from Odessa,
by which it appears that the Porte is resolutely
determined to persist in the memorable decision
of the Divan of the 28th of February.

ODESSA, APRIL 26.—( Extract of a Private Letter.)—" A
vessel which left Constantinople on the 20th of April brings the
following news :—The Porte has not yet replied to the last notes
of the Ambassadors of England and Austria. It was currently
reported, but we cannot by any, means vouch for the correctness
of the report, that the Reis Effendi had sent back to Count Lut-
ZOW the note of the 28th of February, with ink-blots purposely
made, that it might be transmitted a second time to the Court of
Vienna. The Divan seems more and more convinced, on ac-
count of the continual negociations carried on by the Ambassa-
dors of Christian Powers, that the whole of Christendom would
be drawn into a general war, if hostilities should bteak out be-
tween Turkey and Russia. It therefore looks upon the pre-
sent occasion as a favourable moment to oppos: a firm and
haughty attitude to the demands of the Russian Government ;
and it will become the more intractable, the more an inclina-
tion to treat will be displayed."
We extract from the Journal des Mbats an
article respecting a fresh proposition to be made
by the Christian Powers to the Porte. We are
aware that every exertion will be made by them
to avert a war, but N% e doubt much the practica-
bility of erecting a new State in the manner sug-
gested. The conduct of the Porte has shewn
that the GRAND SEIGNIOR will not make the
least concession, and it is idle to suppose' that
he would consent to the creation of a new State
by sacrificing a valuable portion of his domi-
nions; nor does the second part of the plan ap-.
pear easier of accomplishment, for Russia, we
conceive, would never relinquish her fine pro-
vinces on the Black Sea.
• "VIENNA, MAY IL—Peace is generally 'expected, but not
founded on the bases of the Russian Ultimatum. We are as-
sured that a. new basis mutually agreed on by the different
Christian Courts will be proposed to the Porte. In this plan
it is a matter of debate whether a new State shall be formed
in Moldavia and Wallachia, or only in the former of
these two Provinces. The Austrians are ardently desir-
ous of seeing the lower branch • of the Danube in the
hands of a civilised power, which would render the na-
vigation of this noble river more safe and easy. This improve-
ment 'would double the value of the wheat, woollens, end other
exports of Hungary, to which a new vent would thereby be
opened. But Austria does not wish that this civilised power,
destined to reign over Moldavia and WallaChia, should at the
same time be sufficiently powerful to obstruct, at its option, the
.passage of the Danube. Far better would it be for Austria

that these fine countries should remain in the possession of the
Turks. The creation of an intermediary State would coincide
with all her views. Supposing that means could be devised of
not forming it at the expense of a single' power—for it is evi-
dent enough that the only one which' they could despoil
(Turkey), would not suffer herself to be despoiled without a
war—and a-war is what the Allied Courts are anxious at any
sacrifice to avoid.

" The creation of a kingdom of Moldavia might be easily ef-
fected, if Turkey, Russia, and Austria, would unanimously re-
solve to give up that part of the territory which each possesses
between the Dniester and the Danube. The Buckowine, or
Austrian Moldavia, the Russian Government of Bessarabia,
and Turkish Moldavia, would, by their reunion, form a beau-
tiful' territory, -and a limit of separation between the three
empires, whose interests upon this point are in a perpetual
conflict."

We give further extracts in another column.

A late arrival from New York, received this
morning, to the 29th April, brings the following
intelligence:—
NORTH-WEST COAST.--The documents com-
municated to Congress on Wednesday relative
to this subject are published. In making this
communication the Secretary of State observes,
that the British Minister had intimated that the
proposed plan of occupying Colombia River
might interfere with the rights of his Govern-
ment ; the Secretary declined to answer his in-
quiries, or discuss the claims of England, other-
wise than in writing, but no written communi-
cation had been received. In answer to a Note
from the Secretary of State, dated the 30th
March, relative to the Russian Decree, a letter
was received from the Russian Minister, which
contains the following passage :

" As to the rights claimed for the citizens of the United
States of trading with the natives of the north-west coast of
America, without the limits of the jurisdiction belonging to
Russia, the Imperial Government will not certainly think of
limiting it, and still less of attacking it there ; but I cannot
dissemble, Sir, that this same trade, beyond the 51st degree,
will meet with difficulties and inconveniences, for which
the American owners will only have to accuse their own im-
prudence, after the publicity which has been given to the mea»
sures taken by the Imperial Government for maintaining the
rights of the Russian. American Company."

In the House of Commons, last night, the
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER gave notice, that
he would on Friday move Tor a Committee of the
whole House on the Resolutions respecting
Country Banks and the Half-pay and Pensions
Annuities 3 It appears that no part of the con-
tract for the latter project has yet been entered
into. We repeat our conviction that, if prac-
ticable, its operation will be found highly ad•
vantageous to the Country, and we there-
fore hope that the CUANCELLOIt of the
EXCHEQUER will still be able to devise some
means of carrying it into execution. As
for the proposed alteration in the constitution
of the Country Banks, except that greater sta-
bility may thus be given to their concerns, we do
not see any great advantage which can be de-
rived to the country from the measure contem-
plated respecting them. It should be distinctly
kept in view, that any existing limitation to the
issues of the Country Banks does not arise from
want of confidence in the Banks on the part of
the Public, but from the Bunkers having very
little confidence in the securities offered by the
Public to them.

The object of asking questions in the House
of Commons is not generally understood. It is
with the view of either making a speedy commu-
nication to the Public or to afford Gentlemen
opportunities of explaining points of which erro-
neous impressions have been made. Doubtless
it was with the former view that Mr. ELLICE last
night asked Mr. WlLsto'r respedting the deci-
sion of Government touching the Canadian
Claims, and when the scattered situation' of the
claimants is considered, there could scarcely be
devised a more speedy mode of communicating to
them the satisfactory result of their appeal, to
the mother country, than by making the.printed
report of the proceedings in Parliament con-
ducive to that end : 100,000/. at the present
period, assured to the inhabitants of Upper Ca-
nada, will diffuse great satisfaction, and tend to
strengthen that attachment to this country which
they so generously evinced during the late Ame-
rican war. We have understood that it was only
on Saturday, or yesterday, that the business was
brought to that issue.

The Committee of the, Subscribers for the re-
lief of the distress in Ireland, now offer abounty
of twenty shillings per ton on the importation of
1500 tons of potatoes into certain ports in Ireland
specified ; and they also offer the price of 131.
10s. per-ton for the first 50 tons of sound oat-
,meal which shall be imported into Kilrush.
From these measures of the London Committee,
and from corresponding efforts which are
making in Ireland, the reality ,of a scar-
city of food in the distressed districts is in-
dubitably established. We therefore hope
that speculators will boldly make shipments on
a large scale. They are sure of finding a. de-

mand for a vast'quantity of the coarser sorts of
food; and the benevolence of the public is ra-
pidly throwing a sufficient sum of money•int°
circulation in the quarter where provisions are s 9
pressingly required by the necessities of the
people.—Some of the Irish Tapers Make the
`natural inquiry of how It is ti, at. a country, so
fertile and productive,—a country which has
been considered as the granary of Great Britain,
—in which the late harvests of corn were
so abundant that they might be almost said to
cost nothing in their production,—how it is that
in such a country FAMINE should make its ar
pearance, and threaten with destruction so large
a portion of the population ! It is the fashion to
attribute the calamitous condition of the Irish
to misgovernment. It may, however, with inure
justice be attributed to the absence of all
government whatever in the most important
concerns of a people. It has been presumed that
the supply of -all articles of necessity and com-
fort is best insured by leaving the efforts of capital
and of individual industry and enterprise free
from legislative direction and controul. The actual
situation of Ireland is a practical and an appalling
proof of the utter fallaciousness of reliance upon
theoretical principles, which experience has
strewn to have no real or' beneficial influence over
public interests.—Yet it is from reliance on those
principles that this country is about to abandon
her navigation system, and those other protec-
tive regulations which have raised her to her pre-
sent eminence !

CITY,,TetEsDAY EvExried. •
Letters are said to have been this day received from SniyOta*
dated the 23d ult., at which time that town was perfectly tran-
quil, and business had, assumed considerable activity. They
farther report a circumstance, which, if true, must aflord gene-
ral satisfaction. They say that the CAPITAN. PAOLA is amen
of great humanity, and that he has used every exertion in his
power to save from the fury of the Turks such Greeks at acid
as submitted to him, and that he had taken the women and
children, who had on the 15th April been collected in the large
square, on board his own ships, to prevent his followers from
carrying them into slavery. It is sincerely to be hoped that
time will confirm the truth of this information ; but, as it
comes from Smyrna, and as mercy has seldom been extended
by a Turk to an offending Christian, farther confirmation must
be received, before the rumour can obtain implicit credit. The
situation of a white slave is infinitely more deplorable amongst
these Asiatic barbarians, than that of the African black is 10
our West India Colonies; and when Lord LoienoNDERRI"
is most properly using the best influence of the British nation
amongst the different Kingdoms and States, for the total Abo-
lition of the African Slave Trade, it would be worthy of
the
philanthropy of the British Empire for him to use the same
with his High Ally the Urand Sultan, for the libera-
tion of Christian Captives. To civilise Turkey, however, or
any other nation, does not appear to enter into the present
foreign policy of free and civilised England.—Letters from
dated the Bth of May, state
.that heavy storms had
done great injury to the mulberry trees. The first seed of
the silk worms was supposed, in many cases, to have perish-
ed, and it is said that it had been found necessary to lay in
new seed. Only I-3rd of the usual quantity of silk was there-
fore expected. From Piedmont and the North of Italy the same
unfortunate occurrences are reported to have happened.—This
the settling day at the Stock Exchange, and it has passed
.over with only one defaulter, whose differences were so smau
that they were immediately accommodated. • Consols opened at
78f, 79, and finally closed at 79k I. The next account for the
18th July was done at 791 if and rose to 80k. Continuation
in the morning was but fell to 1. Money is in great abun-
dance. In foreign securities no great deal of business has been
done. The French Rentes opened at 88. 25 ; but some bargains
were afterwards effected at 88. 50. • Prussian Fives are Bt;e
Columbian Old Bonds have risen to loop: but the Sixes ar
rather lower, being 84M for Bonds, and 85fi for the Serif'.
The Spanish old Fives are heavy at 62k, and the new are
equally dull at 634 a Fives 84M.—The
tan are dearer, being this day quoted at 701 ._Russian
Sixes are 82; but there is •no quotation for the Metallic
Fives.—Austrian Securities also find no buyers.--. The Sugaf.
Trade is very flat ; several boards of St. Vi.ncent were sold
at 60s. to 645. At a sale of St. Domingo Coffee, the whole
was taken in at 101s.—Very little business is doing in Rums.--;
—The Hon. Company's ship 'Thames was yesterday undocke"
at Deptford,- havinc, been completely refitted in the short spaze.
of 73 days. It will be recollected that this fine ship was driven
ashore some time ago at East Bourne. Mr. WooLcoiasE,,
in taki:y; her from the strand, displayed the extraordinary tin'
provement of the present day in the art of his profession, and the
whole transaction has saved the underwriters from a very boll'
loss.—lt is stated in rather an official form from Sheerness, tha'
last week all the horses had been taken away from the yards, ;in,
that the labourers will now have the option of doing the work,
heretofore performed by horses, or of being discharged. IIaPPY=
Englishmen—what '
gratitude is not due to your masters ? Y°°-
need not . starve, foe you have the horses' situations opened to
you.—The new Corn Bill may in a slight degree be of some
use, if a clause be introduced into it to permit Malt to lie under
the King's, lock, like all foreign exciseable articles, until the
sell it for consumption. A clause to the same effect
should also be introduced in favour of British Spirits. \l9°-
vernment duties would be equally secured, for they need not'
under such clauses, deliver until thetduties be paid them.--
( Morning Chronicle )

, POPERY BILL.—The manner in which this
Bill has passed the House of Commons has ex'
cited throughout the Country a VERY SERIOUS
AND GENERAL ALARM ; SO much sci, that Meetings
will be held in all the districts, during the sorry
mer, for 'Petitions to be presented in the next
Session against the general measure, which Mr.
CANNING SO TRIUMPHANTLY anticipates will be;
carried, though against the honest conviction on°
feeling of nine tenths of the Protestant poptila-
tion of the United Kingdom.
Yesterday the Duke of YORK paid a visit to
his MAJESTY.
THE DUKE OF ,YORK'S LEvEr.,—Yesterday his
Royal Highness the Duke of YORK held a Levee as Cort
mander-in-Chief, at his Office, in the Horse Guards, wht"
was attended by Earl Cathcart, Earl of Wiltshire, Lord Call
General Phipps, General Campbell, Lieutenant-Genera,•
Browne, Major-General Goldie, Major-General Blaciiibrd.'
Major-Gemmel Butler, and about forty other Military Of'
ficers.
Mr. ZEA, the Minister Plenipotentiary .of Cc"
lombia, is expected to leave Paris this week for
London.

MONMOUTHSHIRE.—Weare glad that the pain-
ful duty of recording additional lawless acts of violence in the
county of Monmouth does not devolve upon us this week;
wish that we could with truth state our conviction that no other
such will occur : we hope it may be so, but we have it not in our
power to report that the workmen in the iron-works have re-
turned to their employ, and the means of subsistence without ,
work are beginning to run short. Many removals to distant
parts of the county, have taken place ; but, notwithstand-
ing the pressure upon the parishes, and more particular in
present distressed and embarrassed situation of those who
have
to pay, the rates, are becominggreat almost beyond endurancel
one hamlet of one of the mining parishes, we have been inform e ,
it has been found impracticable, without having recourse to
se-
verer measures than have 'been yet adopted, to collect two leYlFs
of the past year, in addition to those of the present--all In
great part unpaid. In the mean time the blast furnaces of iron-
masters are being extinguished,. as a measure, though one
,43:
great expense, considered less injurious than continuing to ruai;,
iron at a cost greater than it can be sold for. We understar:_a
,the whole of the five furnaces belonging to the Tfedegar YforN'4
'are now out of blast.—( Bristol Mercury.) the
