Rrll'ru+tl .

INSTInITION for the 'PaEAYM ENT and' CURE ef 11.17 -
TineE:,l%;,.. CARLISLE-sTitgeT,sollo-SQUAIt.K.
_'.it'S.()N i111(1 Co. Sorgeons, respect fitliv ittform
litir the Public, that they hive opened: tht short Jost itution
tor the Treatment and Cure of. the *hove alarotio:f nod dan-
gerous Complaint!, the fatal consettnenees, of, which are filo
well ku.owil to require a particular docriptiort, confident that
a generous Public will t oily. appreciate the merits-of en great
a blessing as that rtoW aired to the world in 1 biscovery of
PlVeCith far the Cure of most tars of retloc.hl,:fttipture.

epson and Co hare in the curse of an exteredte rttclice
rittrtcotrti wow) imp,irtaut Cotes, which liave been attested
r Professional Gentkonen owl Persons bi thelirst itespecto-
bilit,o. •
ti,:ine of these Cases; which may he seen at the shore I'n-
stittiti r, %etre of long *twitting , and tln persons, impressed
with v; for het ii it-ktiirtd tai perfect health, have per-
ritlecl Jepson und tn. to aefc'r to them, and to u hum they
recommend those allii"ctedfor
.11-3)SoN ;Ind Co. may he rintsulted,lll the twist tirirate
I.Y Ciltler Sex, from 9 in the Morning till or the
AfterMwii. Lettertt, pug paid, iiielosThgrtioat-pounci Note,
inwn:diately ow:veered, and the Profits son to all part.; of
the United Kingdom. 'those consulting .leplun by.
It tei are reqtiebted to be very ?articular in „the Dr eiption
of lota Cases, rnal those requirioz must send the
Girth annul the Ittotyricrosts the t!i., and tbk exact Mt I.ut-e.
tionithc Centre of the Prot ruiion to the Middle of .tiirlih!.
JEPSON anti CO. No. IC, Carlisie-siTtet, So/w-strtere.

This DAyWrft publisherl, in two- price 124. hum ill.
E1t.11()N1oi rots the -UNION of 11i 111'11,
i'7.7 He 140 N, ami tiKVSLATION„ hi the Doctrine 1,1 the
1.7,1341.144;:ct Chinch of **Nil Ireland. Pilisc lied in
Vegrii ' • .• . '
lSv ttar nit Kyr. .101rN TITaNOITH,
Furnnliv nt Slid!" A1:01" thil. I'4:tont ; hetti.Citrale of :cc-
ism, mid Ch)tplitili to the liowager Countess
Wintenon,
pubti:blt by tAiikgmaii, Hurst, Revs, Orme, and trowne
Pcteritoster-row.

marnco-ctintuitoft.u,.TitANSACTlONS, Vol. V/1.
Part 11.
This Day were pnblished, iu rivo. (with Semi Plates); price
its. boards, Vol. Vll., Part 11. of
•
MK 1)1 C 0-CI I lit URGICAL TRANSAC.
BONS, published by tile Medical and Cldrurgical
fl'nnety of London..
Printed for Lonignian, Hurst, Kees; Onue, and Brown,
Patorituster row
Of whin» /nay he hnnt,. •
Volumes 1. to VI; with'inoneroits Pl.ites; price 41. 4a. bds.
and V6l, %'l,l. Part 1. price ius. tad.

In the h$ of January, ISt 7, will be ptsitlislied,
fly 1-991tomn, Hurst, Rees, Ormc, and brown, l'itternoster-
ROW, to be continued every Two, onths, price ss, Number
I of
11111; CO!it ESTONDENT, consisting of
LETTERS, Moral, Political, nod Literary, between
emisent Wtiters in France and .Bugloutl. This•Woth,is*de-
%jilted, by presenting to each ;anion a faithful picture of the
4,44liotitert both to thuir:trac intereits, prounite
mutual good understanding between them, and render peace
tire source of a ceanamt prosperity. The *titers, Who have
concurred .n a design iu benoicial to both nations, are no
less eminent in rank and character -than in literary attain-
;pent, k:ar It will write in his own language, nod principal!)
on the alfairs of his own coutitry ; but the French Letters
114bg triosslidell into English, and the English Letters into
Freu,ch; and the %%hole will appear, at the same periods, in
English, at Loudon, and in French at Ports, The Work will
thus embrate the utmost possible variety, in the Nut hor‘, in
thelrobjects, attain the 'styleand manner of treat Merit. It
may ,AII" he looked to, at the most correct and authentic
kource. itrinforatation, in respect to the state
lart,S, Magness. political InstantinuS, literature, 'tits, te.
initehahle events, and important personages in both coun-
tries : an may thus serve to correct that common ignorance,
and conuarin disirast ut each other, which has been tuo site•
ressfitily fostered Ire the policy of the revolutionary noVertt-
ipeortl/4 by the prejudires of many persons in linAlmol, mid
aborain by the uloviote slavery of the coutioental press.
