SPIRIT OP THE PUBLIC JOURNALS,

Sir Richard Vyvyan, the cock of the borough-
mongers, vell not crow again. The rhetorical
Baronet has spun his last peroration. He has been
beaten to pieces in Cornwall—in Cornwall, the
wasp's nest of rotten boroughs—and two Reform
candidate., Mr. Pendarves and Sir C. Lemon, have
been returned for that county. This is a victory.
worth putting on record, since Cornwall was pre-
cisely the scene whereon the Anti-Reformists had
anticipa• ed the discomfiture of the public cause, and
where they had assured themselves that the peer
Sir Richard would have shown forth with a deal
brilliancy to Lord Chandos. The interests of Re-
form are elsewhere proceeding with unFoequerahle
power. The representation of Dersetslere vanishe,
from the wondering eyesight of Mr. Bankes, who
was hourly expected, when the last account.: came
away, to resign a desperate contest. In Ireland,
the Lord Mayor and Mr. Perrin have got so far
a-head of their opponents (the inefficient Orange-
man, Mr. Moore, and the Recorder, who has un-
questionably no right to be a Member of Parlia-
ment), that a report. of the resignation of the two last-
named gentlemen is already circulated, and pretty
generally believed. The county of Meath has returned
Lord Killeen and Sir Marcus Somerville, both
serenely pledged to Reform, as has the Queen's
county Sir H. Parnell and Sir Charles Coote. The
bearer of the inauspicious name of Castlereagh
might as well be entombed with the last holder
of that unhonoured title, as where lie now is, with
any view to a seat for the magnificent county of
Down. Lord Arthur Hill and Mr. Crawford are
all len thready triumphant over him. ' There was,
we must confess, some method in the ravings of the
.Marques cif Londonderry a few weeks ago, when
his Maj, sty went to the House of Lori's to
announce that there must be a d'ssolution of Parlia-
ment, and consequewly a new election for Downshire
Sir Charles Paget, a thoreueh Reformer, has defea, ed
his antagonist tor the Welch counts of Carnarvon.
Thus, with regard to the numbers and character of its
friends, the fate of the question is completely settled,
and the Parliament is indeed as near he7ng reformed
as any measure is near being law for which little
more remains to be executed than the formality of
affixing to it the Royal assent. For the effects of
Reform, with which we are so loudly threatened,—
viz , its destructive tendency to the Church, to the
float c,-s, to the throne, &c. &c.,—we look upon all
such trash with pity, as the audible and old womanish
sobbinge of those who have lost their last ticket in
the lottery of corruption The Church will, doubt-
less, follow the example of the State, and reform
herself, as a guarantee against revolution. There is
no destruction in that, but much security. The
financial resources of the realm will nut be exposed
to such squandering from the folly, or to such de-
predation from the knavery, of jobbing Ministers
and they profligate and insatiable supporters. There
will be fewer wars rashly undertaken, and ignorantly
and improvidently conducted : there will be no esta-
blishments kept upon a scale of such needless and
monstrous prodigality. The colonial system and the
commercial system will be suffered to throw off the
shackles of numberless monopolies. There will be
no interested oligarchs to interpose between the
Crown and the country—to misrepresent the King to
his people, and them to himond todomineer overboth
by sowing jealousies between them. The Monarch
will he secure, because the people will no longer be
plundered or trampled on in his name, for the bene-
fit of irresponsible depredators. Such is the ruin
about to be wrought upon us by Reform. How-
ever, the task of its honest advocates is not yet en-
tirely fulfilled. Some struggles are still carried on
by the Ultra-Tories, with unrelenting, because des-
pairing obstinacy. In Northamptonshire it is per-
fectly disgraceful that Lord Milton should not, long
before now, have been placed on an eminence, alto-
gether inaccessible to the utmost efforts of the Anti-
Reform faction. We tell the el?ctors of that county
without disguise, that the stain upon their whole
body will stigmatize each individual among them, and
hold him up to opprobrium in every society through-
out England, if Mr. Cartwright, an avowed suppor-
ter of the boroughmongering system, be returned by
them in preference to Lord Milton, who throws
open all the privileges and exclusive indulgences of
the Aristocracy, and generally invites the plain Eng-
lish yeomen to partake arid exercise them in common
with the proudest gentlemen of the realm. Nor
is it merely in approbation of the cause espoused by
men like Lord Althorp and Lord Milton, that we
call upon the upright voters of Northamptonshire to
support them. It is also to prove their utter con-
demnation of :he means resorted to by the enemies
of freedom, to wound her through the sides of her
noble representatives, that they ought to hasten to
the poll. Evety Englishman ought to protect the
injured, and to visit injustice with signal retribution.
We need but refer to the iniquitous calumnies pro-
pagated arrain.r the honour of the people's candi-
dates at Northimpton, as a proof how void of truth
and principle is the wretched faction opposed to it.
Subjoined is a statement which demonstrates clearly
the falsehood with which Lot de Althorp and Milton
have been assailed, and which, in our judgment,
renders all other motive superfluous for engaging
every independent freeholder to press eagerly to the
poll, and vindicate the right of feeling of North-
enipronshire.

" A SHORT STATEMENT OF FACTS RESPECT-
ING THE NORTHAMPTONSHIRE CONTEST.

(From a Correspondent.)

" On Wednes.day, the 3.1 of May, the nomination
of candidates for the county took place at North-
ampton. At that period Lord Althorp had no belief
that any opposition would be off-red to Mr. Cart-
wright, and certainly had no intention of offering or
of encouraging any himself. On Thursday Lord
Milton, in nswerto a letter from Mr. Dickens, of
Daventry, (and which, by having gone round by
Iton, must have been addressed to Lord Milton
previous to the nomination), informs Mr. Dickens,
that as Mr. Hanbuty would not stand, and a‘i a desire
continued to be expressed by the friends of Reform
for the return of two Members favourable to the
rnew-ure, he would be ready to serve if elected, but
that he would not become a candidate; and to the
above declaration Lord Milton adheres to this day.
A handbill to this effect having been publishe
on the same day at Northampton, Mr. Abbey,
Lord Althorp's agent, immediately called on
the printer to know by whos,- authority he
acted ; and learning from him that the hand-
bill bud been authorized by Mr. Luca., of Buckby,
a gentleman who had no connexion whatever
with Lord Althorp or his family, tie a:certitinett
from him that it had been determined upon by the
friends of R form to propose Lord MI on on the
day of election. It having been intended by the
kends of Mr. Cartwright to propose Sir Charles
Knight ley in case a seiond candidate should be started
on the side of Reform, and information laving been
received by Mr. Cartwright on Thursday night that
-Lord Milton was to be nominated, Sir Charles wa,
accordingly declared a joint candidate with Mr.
Crtwright ; and it was upon that junction, and not
before, that lord Althorp united with Lord Milton.
So little was a contest in Lord Alt horp's contempla-
tion, that on the day after the nomination, a steward
of Lord Spencer, together with one of his Lord-
ship's tenants, called on Mr. John Davis, (an agent
of Lord Cliiden)'at Banbury' to tell him that all
was settled at Northampton,
and that they were
then on their Way to Worce•iter, to assist Captain
Spencer in hie election."—Tintes.
Cornwall has been added to the Reform counties.
We expect soon to
learn
h that Dorsetshire is al -o
secured. We regret
t at at Northampton,
yesterday, Mr. Cartwright, att
one
o'elock, on the
day' Lord s poll, was five a-head of Milton. There
is no dissembling the fact, that there is
lion for the boast of the Anti-Reformers,
sth
somea
that founds..
North-
amptonshire is one of their strongest holds. The
strength of the Anti-Reformers was_ of course well
knOwN to Lord Althorp, and he was thence led
to decline the taking any steps to carry two
Reformers. The Reformers of Northamptonshite,
however, thought their honour concerned in car-

rying two Reformers, and accordingly canvassed for
Lord Milton along with his Lordship ; a step which
has afforded the colour for the most absurd charge of
double-dealing circulated so industrious'y in this
metropolis against- his Lordship. Neither Lord
Althorp •nor any other individual could compromise
the right of the Reformers of Northamptonshire to
attempt the return of both Members; and his Lord-
ship would justly have laid himself open to Coe
charge of assumption, had he chosen so to dic-
tate to the freeholders. The event will prove
whether the inaction of his Lordship on the com-
mencement, or the determination of the Reformers to
try the chance of a contest for both Members, was
founded on the most correct estimate of the strength
of the respective parties. His Lordship can hardly
he blamed, if he had his doubts, for remaining at
first inactive ; and he surely can still less be blamed
for depar ing from that line of conduct the moment
the Reformers were determined on a contest. It
temains for the Reformers to justify their deter-
mination by showing that, strong as the Tories are,
the strength of the honest anti independent free-
holders is still greater. The Anti-Reformers have
constantly boasted of their strength in Ntsrthamp-
rottshire. We would fain believe that the friends
cif civil and religions liberty are still stronger.
Northampton was long the head-quarters of
the nonconformists. Surely the numerous Dis-
senters still to be found in that part of the country will
not be found swelling the train of the High Church
Parsons and their representative, Mr. Cartwright !
In Ireland the elections are going on as well
as could be wished for. In Dublin there is
now no possibility of the Anti-Reform candidatss
succeeding. In the county of Down, Lord Castle-
reagh's own tenants, almost to a man, " declared
they would not he controulled by any despotic or
undue influence in the exercise of a constitutional
right," and polled for Mr. Crawford. His Lordship
'sill be thrown out to a certainty. In Wexford
Lord Valeatia has fallen to the bottom of the poll.
In Queen's County two Reformers have beets re-
turned. Mr. Wyse and Mr. Hutchinson, both Re-
'ormers, have been returned for Tipperary. Its
Monaghan two Reformers have been returned.--
21fornhrg Chronicle.

If the Earl of Aberdeen had continued to the pre-
sent time to fill the important office of Secretary for
Foreign Affairs, the insults of Don Miguel to the
British nation, and his repeated and gross violation
of the rights and liberties of British subjects, would
have not only remained unnoticed and unatoned for,
but, most probably, the sufferers would have been ex-
posed to additional vexations for daring to complain,
while the dastardly usurper himself received sub-
-tantial marks of the favour and sympathy of our
Government, for no other reason that we could ever

di rover than for showing to the world, on every pos-
sible occasion, that he held the power of Great Bri-
tain in the most ineffable contempt. The formal de-
mand of redress transmitted by Mr. Hoppner, our
acting Consul-General in Portugal, to the Viscount
de Santarem, states that " many of the grounds of
complaint advanced by his Majesty's Government
are of recent occurrence; whilst others, comprising
the repeated, and, till now, neglected demand of com-
pensation for injuries inflicted upon British com-
merce, as well by the unjust seizure of British
vessels, as by the non-observance, on the part of
the Portuguese Government, of the stipulations
of the treaties existing between the two coun-
tries have been the subject of much correspon-
dence between his Excellency and the under-
signed." In reference to this passage we must
observe that, if the Duke of Wellington's Admini-
stration had done their duty in peremptorily requir-
ing and energetically enforcing full and satisfactory
redress for the insults and injuries to British sub-
jects and British commerce of an earlier date, those
of " recent occurrence " would not have happened.
Thus great vexatious would have been spared to our
merchants, and to other subjects of Great Britain,
residing under the protection of national faith in Por-
►ugal—many hindrances to commerce itself would
have been effectually removed—and the honour of
the British flag would have been vindicated, as it
always ought to be, before the impunity of insult
led to repeated acts of still more insolent pnivoca-
(inn. To a mind like Don Miguel's no argument
could prove the propriety of doing reparation for
wrong, but that which is backed by such a demon-
stration of vigorous operations, to enforce the claim,
as even his stolid faculties could not misunderstand.
There is no battery ofprotoeoli and doeuments,eharged
and fired off as it might be by the most skilful of
diplomatic artillerymen, that could have made him
stverve from his " firm purpose" for a moment, un-
less he saw that paper battery supported by the
broadsides of a few vessels of war about to try the
mettle of his heroism by a more substantial test.
The document which produced the required con-
cessions on his part was submissively regarded and
complied with, not because of the justice of its de-
mands, but because of the servile terror which its

threats inspired—for it opened to him the prospec-
tive view of the "meteor flag of England"—the
insulted, the dishonoured flag—floating on its mis-
sion of vengeance in the Tagus, and surrounded by
the thunder-clouds of battle. Already the crash of
a throne raised in fraud, and perjury, and blood, re-
sounded in his ears. His coward instincts prevailed
over his inveterate malignity, and he submitted to
humiliation, which is the proper and t:atural conse-
quence of that injus•ice which obstinately resists
every argument but force. The fact is, Don Miguel
believed the old British lion was sick— peradventure
dead—and, like his long-eared brother in the fable,
lie mai liberal of his kicks. At length the lion
roared, and shook his mare, and the assumed courage
~f the Inlly evaporated in grotesque terror and
trembling submission !—Morning Herald.
Triumph, in the cause of Reform, crowds on
triumph. Cornwall,—elose as the county has
always been reckoned, and Tory as its partialities
have always been,—is now to be included in the
noble list of tho.e which hare returned Reform
Members ! Sir Richard Vyvyan is politically
dead,—he has been defeated in his own county, and
most gloriously defeated. He only polled about
one-half of the number of votes fueely and volun-
tarily given for his Reform antagonists ! And is
not this a triumph I Vyvyan and Gascoyne thrown
out ! Was there ever any thing more noble ! _ Is

it not now time for the Tories to lower their
flags, and bend to the voice of all England !
lint this is not all. Dublin—corporate, close, and
hitherto anti•national Dublin—has followed the
example of London, and returned two Reformers !
Here is another triumph as glorious—nay more
glorious than that which we have mentioned.—
Perrin and the Lord Mayor are returned in
opposition to the Anti-RefoimerA, and all Ireland,
with a few exceptions, will follow the example.—
In Scotland the cause of Reform, as we mentioned
yesterday, is valiantly supported, and will, no doubt,
ultimately triumph. So popular, indeed, is it, in
every respect, that the supposed dereliction of the
cause of Reform, by the Lord Advocate of Scotland,
has brought down upon him a greater volley of in-
dignation, than, in the course of the discussion of
this most momentous question, we ever remember
to have been poured forth upon any Anti-Reformer.
Is there any drawback upon these exhilarating re-
turns ? One, and only one•—and that one has
been produced by a calumnious statement, which
has operated for the moment on the non-resident
voters, but which we anxiously hope will ultimately
fail in the attainment of its malignant purpose. We
need not observe that the case to which we advert
is that of the county of Northampton, where Lords
Althorp and Milton are opposed with ail the bitter-
ness and calumny of a party contest by Mr. Cart-
wright and Sir Charles Knightley. The two former
were lulled asleep by the certainty of their• return,
and the two latter, as we mentioned yesterday, have
gained in consequence a temporary advantage; but
although Northampton still is, and always has been,
a Tory county, we cannot for a moment believe that
the independent freeholders will permit it to be set
sozen, in the
.same list as Buckinghamshit e, and some
c°1l" which have either
returned two
Anti-Reformers, or stultified themselves by return-

ing one Anti-Reform and one Reform Member.
No ! This must not be; but in order that the
enemy may be defeated, the freeholders must hasten
to the poll. There are now but a few days to pas,
before the close of the poll ; and delay is not only
dangerous, but may prove the defeat of Lord Milton.
Cord Al!horp :s no doubt safe. Before closing our
summary, we beg to point the attention of our
readers to the dignified reply of Lord Alt horp to the
c dumnions insinuations of the Anti-Reform candi-
dates. The Noble Lord has represented the county
during the last twenty-five years, and is as incapable
of breaking any pledge which he may give, as of
taking any unfair advantage, even of his opponents.
—Morning Advertiser.

The good cause of the Constitution, opposed as
it has been by all the artifices of our revolutionary
Ministry, and the brutal force of hired mobs, has
been more successful than could have been antici-
pated. In England, the advantages gained by the
revolutionists are attributable mainly to that orga-
nized system of outrage which has in so many in-
stances deterred the honest voters from coming to
the poll, and in some even been productive of fatal
consequences. In Ireland the same system of terror
is pursued; but we are rejoiced to be enabled to
state that the utmost efforts of the revolutionists
in that unhappy country are likely to be counter-
acted by those of the long recognized true friends
of the Constitution. In Scotland, every thing is
going on as well as the best supporters of our ve-
nerated institutions can wish, as will be seen by the
following extract from the Glasgow Courier, to which
we have much pleasure in giving insertion ;--
Victory after victory crowns the meritorious and
patriotic exertions of the conservative party in Scotland.
Edinburgh, Hadd:ngton, Sterling, and Perth shires have
returned Members to Parliament opposed to the wild theo-
retic plan of Reform broached in the Ministerial Rill; and
to these we have now the pleasure of adding our own
county. Lanarkshire has re-elected the non. Charles
Douglas—the Whigs have been beaten to the dust—and
" a Douglas, a Douglas" is once more the rallying cry of
the true friends of the King and Constitution, within the
broad marches of Clidesdale.

" This triumph, however, has not been gained without a
severe struggle. It was ruffianlike in the extreme. They
have brought indelible disgrace on themselve4, their
country, and that cause which they profess to support
Brute force has not yet overborne the law in this country;
but the outrageous conduct of the Lanark Reform ruffians
gives us taste of what we may expect when " nothing
hut the Bill" becomes part of the British Statute Book.
The real strength of the country is now beginning to show
itself. All the vapouring of the factious and furious lusters
after innovation and revolution is beginning to disappear
before the sober sense and awakened energies of the honest
and reflecting portion of the community; who fear God,
honour the King, respect the laws, and have a deep—stake
in the welfare of their native country. We rejoice in the
triumph of such principles; and in the new Parliament,
notwithstanding the feigned exultation of the Ministerial
Pres., it requires no seerlike gift to prognosticate that
the whole Bill, and nothing but the Bill,' is a cry without
meaning ; and that the Bill will never again be heard of
in its former shape."

By letters received in town yesterday evening we
understand that Mr. Leigh, the brother of Sir Robert
Leigh, has died in consequence of the violent treat-
ment he experienced at the Wigan election.—
Until further particulars are known, we terrain
from any comment on this melancholy occurrence.—
Morning Post.

RE ti ORM.

SPEECH of the REV. MR. GISB ORNE at the

STAFFORD COUNTY ELECTION.
(From the Wolverhampton Chronicle.)

The Rev. THOMAS GISBORNE then addressed the
meeting. He was aware that it might seem some-
what strange that lie should appear on the present
occasion; it was totally contrary to his habits so to
do; it was now fifteen years since he had taken a
prominent part in any meeting of a political nature.
This statement, it was true, was of importance only
to himself, but he made it in order to show that
nothing but an imperative sense of duty could have
induced him so to depart from his usual habits.
The High Sheriff had stated the cause of the meet-
ing having been convened ; it was occasioned by
the late dissolution of Parliament, and the necessity
of electing representatives for a new one. Though
a dissolution of Parliament so shortly after its as-
sembling was always undesirable, it seemed in the
present instance unavoidable, because the late Ad-
ministration had not, nor had the present, possessed
that ascendancy in the House of Commons, which
enabled them to cary into effect the great measure
which appeared necessary to the welfare of the
country, even tholigh the object now principally be-
fore the public eye, was one which was known to
have received the sanction of the King, turd the
warm approbation of the nation at large. Such
being the state of things a dissolution had been un-
avoidable; they were now met to nominate fit per-
sins to represent the county in the new Parlia-
ment, and he (Mr. Gisborne) had been induced by
the importance of the occasion to come forward, to
propose as a fit and proper person their late Member,
Mr. Littleton —(Applause.) " From the bottom
of my heart," said the Rev. Gentleman, " and from
the conviction of my judgment I do this. I recom.
mend Mr. Littleton to your choice as the tried and
faithful servant of the county. Much I need not say in
his behalf, for you all know that he has conducted
himself in all county questions in a manner which
must give the fullest satisfaction to his constituents
—must shew that he is a person to whom your inte-
rests for the future may be safely coidided. Were
this a common occasion on which I was addressing
you, my task would be already fulfilled, but in the
present conjuncture another consideration is predo-
minant; you have a right to know what will be
the conduct of your representatives in reference
to the great measure of Government,--a Reform
in the representation of the people in the
House of Commons. Though there appears to be
no probability of a contest for this county, yet we
may consider that the nation itself is involved in one
great, single, mind universal contest, namely, between
the supporters of the late Reform Bill and its op-
posers. I am wrong in calling it the late Bill—it
is the present Reform Bill—present to the recollec-
tion of all, and must be present to the minds of your
representatives in Parliament. Reform is a wide
word. It comprehends every degree of ameliora-
tion; from the minutest point, even to that were we
verge on revolution. It is therefore most important,
on an occasion like the present, to define what Reform
is, and what Reform we desire. We do not, S:r, de-
sire a Reform grounded on theoretical speculations or
metaphysical problems. We claim a Reform de-
serving of the name—not one subversive of the pre-
sent order of society. We do not think it con•
ducive to the moral architecture of the State, that
the roof should be placed on the ground, and the
foundation at the top. We do not require that the
body politic should be placed •with its head nn the
earth and the feet in the air. We do not wish that
property and intelligence should be made subordi-
nate to a mere arithmetical combination of individuals.
Neither on the other hand shall we be content with
a Reform so slow and inefficient that its progress
will be scarcely seen. We shall not be content with
a measure which will only smooth the surface of our
grievances, and call itself moderate Reform. The
Reform which will satisfy the country must neither
resemble a torrent, nor must it be like a sluggish
stream, whose scarcely perceptible progress is
marked only by the advance of the bubbles
which float on its surface. We wish our repre-
-entatives to advocate such a real efficient removal
of existing evils, as shall preclude the necessity of
any further Reform. Let all that is desirable, if
tploirsnsibirle, be
isearchto
search
of fisuact
honce.a we
systeAmnd where shall
ofßeform
Its
vital principles will be found in the Bill introduced
into Parliament last session. Even from the short
postponement of the great measure one advantage
will arise; namely, that the people will be enabled,
at leisure, to examine its leading features, and con-
sider with calmness its probable efficiency. I here
add a few words on the proirisions of the Bill.
First, it disfranchises, totally or partially, certain .

homes, which in the course of time have sunk
into insignificance and decay. The Constitution
originally provided that representatives to the
Senate should be sent, not only from the great divi-
sions of the kingdom, the counties, but also from
such towns as from various circumstances were con-
sidered to have a claim to this distinction. It is Ft
principle too obvious to be denied, that the fran-
chise so conferred, was intended not for the indivi-
'foal benefit of the place, nor of any set of prsons
connected with it, but that it was
,given on the
broad principles of public good. The privilege of
representation then, is a public trust for the benefit
of the entire community. It is fit that it be con-
tinued as long as any good purpose is answered by
it, but no longer. Still less should it be suffered to
remain if its continuance be found subversive of the
welfare of the community. Nov, in process of time,
certain boroughs have become decayed, and have
lost that consequence which gave them a claim to
,he distinction of representation in the House of
Commons; or they have been thrown into compa-
rative insignificance by the rise of other places
through the influence of commerce ; these places,
in their turn, then, claim representation on the same
ground which gave to the others that distinction in
Former times. Is it not, then clear, that the privileges
of representation should be withdrawn from places
where it produces no beneficial effect, and new and
rising places be elevated into the distinction. We
once had a useful class of ships, those of sixty tons
burden. They were great and important vessels
then in our naval service. In the reign of Eliza-
beth, the vessels which defeated the Spanish Ar-
mada were those of sixty tons. Such, too, were
the ships which were so effective under Drake and
Hawke. But times are changed. Our ships, like
our towns, become larger; and the result is, that
those of sixty tons are removed from their rank in
the service—they are disfranchised, like the ancient
and decayed boroughs thus alluded to. Now there
was nothing improper in the removal of these ves-
sels. They were respectable vessels in their way--
like the disfranchised boroughs. There is no more
ground for the charge of breaking trust in this dis-
franchisement than in the withdrawing of the minor
vessels from their station. Again, the commanders
of these very vessels would be promoted to the
charge of larger ones; and such, doubtless, will be
the case with some of the Members for the de-
cayed boroughs, if they have talents and character
fit for the public service. But there are yet bo-
roughs of another description—close boroughs—
boroughs under the command of certain indivi-
duals. And here I freely adrnit that this anomaly
in our representative system, whatever be its
Nubs, is chargeable on all political parties—all
have shared in the evil, be it what it may.—
Monstrous injustice I that a single individual should
be able to send as many representatives to Portia-.

rnent as the great and populous county of Stafford !
Another evil arising out of the last,and one no laws can
prevent, is that such boroughs are subjects of com-
mon bargain and sale. There is no mode of pre-
venting those who possess the power of nomination
from transferring such boroughs from hand to hand
like sheep or cattle in a fair ! This species of 'do-
mestic slavery, inevitable under the present system,
is itself a sufficient motive to induce us heartily to
advocate the cause of Reform. We want not such
a Reform as inflicts a gentle castigation on a bo-
rough which is so very unlucky as not to conceal its
corruptions or which transfers its franchise to an ad-
joining hundred—not such a Reform as, proceeding
in the majesty of moderation promises about the
year of our Lord 3,000 to present a pure House of
Commons. But the disfranchisement of these bo-
roughs creates a void in our representation. How
is this to be filled ? In the first place, the Bill pro-
posed gives sixty-three additional Members to the
counties. The number itself bears a large propor-
tion to the total of new admissions, and when we
consider what county Members usually ate—that
they are universally country gentlemen of large
landed etares, connected with the peerage, or at-
tached by station to the institutions of their country
—it would seem that this provision alone would
suffice to prove that no injury could arise from the
enactment of the Reform Bill. Many large towns
will, however, partake of the extended franchise;

_ .
towns inhabited by a manufacturing and commetc,al
population. These form an important portion of
the strength of the empire, and may be depended on

to supplisteady, sound, and able representatives—
undeviartag vindicators of liberty. Then, as to the
mode of drawing the line of demarcation between
the boroughs retained and these thrown out, a
spirit of impartiality is shown. This line is regu-
lated by the population retbrns of 1821. These
returns were made without any idea of being mis-
appbed, and their accuracy was proved by the
experience of other returns. In such a mode,
it will of course happen that the borough whose
population was immediately above the number fixed
on would he not much in advanceof one immediately
below. This objection is obviously worthy of
notice. Then, as to the qualifications of voters,
by the proposed Reform Bill. In the counties,
the forty-shilling freeholder. will retain their
right, and to their number will be added, surely
with justice, copy holders aad leaseholders to a given
value. I rejoice that the low rate of freehold quali-
fication to every man the
chance
oisf opbrteaien?:tegd'aa vote. it gives
In towns, the elective
franchise is proposed to be conferred on renters to
the amount of let. per annum, and when we con-
sider what kind of houses in large towns let fcr 101.
it will be seen that this rate is low enough to be
within the reach of the fair expectation of all in-
dustrious individuals. Thus the franchise is placed
high enough to exclude those who are devoid of in-
dustry—lea enough to be generally attained by
those who have their own and their country's best
interests at heart. Such, then, are the leading
features of a Bill which has been stigmatised as revc-
lutionary ! but which I would call a preventive of
revolution.—(hear, hear.)—No revolution can
follow such a 8,11,
A that k our thankful hearts daily
except indeed one which may be
compared to tnat %,%
acknowledge in the wise order of nature—a revolu-
tion from darkness to night But the opponents of
the Bill have still their rt sources—they subdivide
their alarms. They say to the landholder, "if the
Bill passes, the value of your land will sink to no-
thing ;" to the freeholder, " your securities will be
annihdated;" to the Peer, " you will be stripped of
your t ides ;" to die Clergy, " the Church will be
demolished;" I know full well the effect of a catch.
word. It is received by the multitUde in the place
of argument ; it, saves all trouble of investigation. Let
us, however, look to realities. Be not led away by a
name. Exercise your judgment, and be riot influ-
enced by words, but by sense. I will tell all the
classes it alarms that the measure proposed is con-
servative. Neither will I disdain the title of mode-
rate Reformer. I assume it as our right; properly
understood we are so, because we would prevent Re-
form from being immoderate. We are conservative
Reformers. One point remains for me to notice in
connexion with the profession to which 1 belong. I
refer to the alleged danger of the Church Establish-
tohthe
effect.
itruetei
rtgu on
edtrirtdahsmeoelfda
laity,
thetmCo Establish-
ment;
considermtrehnadonfti ofEt this
salcananl matter.dl
°R both
tithlNl
ever perfect. No piece of
human machinery can go on for ever without ex-
amination and repair. The dust of ages lies in our
palaces and our senates—nor are our churches free ;
but let that dust be carefully cleared away, and the
beauty of the institutions will not be dimmed ; it
will shine the brighter for the reparation. This,
however, is not the time or place for this inquiry. I
only allut!‘ to the subject to lead to the observation,
that if the national Church needs no purification or
defence, it will be better placed for both under a
reformed Parliament than under a corrupt one ; for
will arty one assert that the Members returned by
corrupt means from decayed boroughs, are the per-
-1 othersopiorranl
y
et:
returnedcteof the Church ? Are not the
to
judge of the purity of the
from towns and counties
e persons andr
whose friendly feelings the Church
would most willingly selrely
?--the
tt;rll per-
sons
doc-
trine ofb ea sifairly

give the fairest judgment on ecclesiastical as well as
other matters. Whatever changes such men think
fit to make in any of our national institutions will
resemble the removal of wooden pri”, to replace
them by a buttress of granite. Thus much I have
thought necessary to say on the question of Reform,
standing forward as I do to propose the election
of Mr. Littleton, its warm and zealous advocate.
For the conduct of this gentleman, the past gives a
pledge for the future ; and I am sure you will feel
that his election will be a tribute justly due to him
for the benefits he has conferred on the country at
large. I therefore beg to nominate Mr. Littleton
as a fit and proper person to represent this county
in the ensuing Parliament.—(The Rev. Gentleman
here concluded an animated and admirably argumen-
tative speech, of which we have thus attempted a
sketch, and which was frequently interrupted by
loud and repeated plaudits.)
Sir EDWARD D. SCOTT seconded Mr. Gisborne's
nomination, but would not attempt any expression
of his sentiments or feelings, which he felt to be un-
called for, after the splendid display of oratory they
had just heard.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE,

(From the Portsmouth Herald of Sunday.)

PORTSMOUTH, MAY 15.—His Majesty's ship
Hyperion, 42 (late guard-ship at Newhaven), Capt.
Mingaye, arrived at Spithead on Thursday, towed
by his Majesty's ship steam-vessels Confiance and
Columbia. She was towed into harbour yesterday
under orders to be paid off. The Confiance returned
to Sheerness on Friday.
At Spithead—St. Vincent, Galatea.
In Harbour—Asia, Wellesley, Royal George,
Pallas, Hyperion, Rattlesnake, Pearl, Recruit, and
Brisk ; Columbia and Alban steam-vessels; Starling,
Highflyer, arid Raven cutters.
Its Majesty's ship Wellesley, 74, Captain S. C.
Rowley, will go out of harbour to-morrow, and his
Majesty's ship Asia, 84, Captain Hyde Parker, will
follow in a few days. His M.jeEty's ship Spartiate,
76, it is believed, will be commissioned for the re-
ception of the flag of our Commander-in-Chief.
His Majesty's ship Donegal, 78, Capt. John
Dick, may be hourly expected at this port; she was
to have sailed on Tuesday from Chatham to join
the squadron which is about to assemble at Spit head.
His Majesty's ship Prince Regent, 120, Captain
J. W. D. Dundas, will sail from Chatham for Spit-
head
on the 25th inst. and his Majesty's ship Cura-
coa, 42, Capt. David Dunn, will also sail from the
same place for the same destination, as soon after as
she can be got ready. Vice-Admiral Parker has
hoisted his flag on board his Majesty's ship Alfred,
Captain Mansell, at Chatham, which ship will ac-
company the Prince Regent to Spithead, where the
Vice-Aam;ral will be second in command, under
Vice-Admiral Sir E. Codrington.
PROMOTIONS, APPOINTMENTS, &C.—Lieutenant
W. H. Henderson, of his Majesty's ship Barham, is
appointed to his Majegy's ship Dublin. Lieut.
C. Edmunds, of his Majesty's ship Talavara, is ap-
pointed to the Barham, vice Henderson. Lieut.
C C. Birkett is appointed to his Mjesty's ship
Talavera, vica Edmund. Lieut. C. S. Timins is

promoted to the rank of retired Commander, at 7s.
a day. Lieut. J. H. R. Wilson is appointed to the
Telegraph at Putney-heath, vice Eldridge. Mr.
W. Drake is appointed Purer of his Majesty's ship
Pylades. Mr. W. Watt, Assistant-Surgeon of his
Majesty's ship Curacoa, is appointed to his Ma-
jesty's ship Prince Regent, vice Gordon. Mr. J.
M'Kittrick, Assistant-Surgeon of his Majesty's ship
Wellesley, is appointed to the Curacoa, vice Watt.
Mr. J. Lambert, Supernumerary Assistant-Surgeon
of his Majesty's ship Asia, is appointed to the
Wellesley, vice McKittrick. Mr. Symes, Assistant-
Surgeon of his Majesty's ship Maidsrone, is pro-
moted to the rank of Surgeon, and appointed to his
Majesty's ship Jaseur. Mr. Halliday is appointed
Secretary to Vice-Admiral Parker, who will be se-
cond in command of the squadron to assemble at
Spithead, under the rommand of Vice-Admiral Sir
Edward Codrington, G.C.B. Lieut. Robert Puny,
late of his Majesty's ship Hyperion, is appointed to
his Majesty's ship Galatea, vice Keppel. Lieut.
Prosper Ambrose has super,,eded Lieut. W. M.
Sinich in the superintendency of the Semaphore, at
this port.

The following. Midshipmen passed their examina-
tion in navigation this week at the Royal Naval
College :—Mr. Richard S. Hewlett, of his Majesty's
ship Victor; Mr. John Harris Rogers, late of his
Majesty's ship Manly; Mr. Geo. J. R. Snow, late
of his Majesty's ship Monkey ; Mt. (ieorge William
Bentham, late of his Majesty's ship Primrose; Mr.
Patricit Campbell, late of his Majesty's ship Rattle-
snake; Mr. Charles Francis Wade, late of his Ma-
je.ty's ship Victor ; Mr. Edward John Salter, of his
Majesty's ship Prince Regent.
His Majesty's ship Galatea, 42, Captain Charles
Napier, C.B , is refitting at Spit head with all pos-
sible dispatch; it is reported she will sail for Lisbon
in a few days. She will be paid to-morrow.

The Amphitrite, transport, Lienienant Cooley,
Agent, received on board on Thursday a detach-
ment of the 47th Regiment, under the command of
Major Sadler, for Leith. She will sail the first fair
wintl.

The Parmelia, transport, Lieutenant Sanders,
Agent, sailed on Thursday from Gravetiend fur the
Island of Ascension, with stores.
The Wanderer, transport, Lieut. Young, Agent,
may be daily expected from the Mediterranean, with
two companies of Royal Artillery from Malta.
We learn by letters from Barba foes, that the
Marshall Bennett, transport, Lieut. Ward, Arent,
will leave that Island the first week in June for
England with invalids and returned stores.

Vice-Admiral the Hon. Sir Henry Hotham, K.C.B.
arrived from London, on Thursday, and re-hoisted
his flag (red at the fore), on the following day, on
board his Majesty's ship St. Vincent, 120, as t
ow-
mander-in-Chiet in the Mediterranean, on which oc-
casion the customary salutes were exchanged. The
St. Vincent was paid advanced wages yes! erday,
and is expected to proceed to her destination on
Tuesday. Vice-Admiral Sir Pulteney Malcolm,
K.C.B. in Majesty's ship Britannia, may be
looked for in England about the end of July, when
it is believed she will take the flag of our Com-
mander-in-Chief, Admiral Sir Thomas Foley, G.C.B.
The progress of his Majesty's ships Waterloo,
120, London, 90, and Monarch, 84, on the stocks
at Chatham dock-yard, are for the present suspended.

The county, from one end to the other, takes

the grea'est interest in the ensuing election. Thousands
are preparing in all quarters to march for Lanark on the
13th. Report says that the Stratbaven loyalists will be
accompanied with a band of music. Those in the Lark-
ball district by the Dalserf band. Newtown of Wishaw,
Stone Iron Works and Carluke, by the Wishawtown band.
Limnahagow by their own band. The people of Lanark
and New, Lanark by the band belonging to the latter
place; which will make a very noisy cavalcade, and the
thousands said to be coming front other gum ters will make
the scene numerous, grand, and imposing, if conducted in
the same orderly manner as the late Glasgow procession.
To see such a multitude voluntarily congregated for the
praiseworthy object of testifying their loyalty to the KING,
and respect for the executive Government of the country,
must be highly gratifying to the lovers of good order.—
Glasgow Chronicle.

Among the numerous instances of devotedness
to the cause of freedom at the late Stamford election may
be mentioned the following poor elector, who desired
to give his vote " for his KING and country and Mr.
TENNYSON," was in arrear for his rates, and had no
means of raising the money. He applied to another Blue
(why should we withhold his name?) MATTHEW
LEADLE, who, for his heroic services abroad, was re-
warded with a Waterloo medal, to lend him the needful.
Poor MATTHEW was richer in honour than in purse and
could not. " However," said he, " the KING has given me
this medal, and I prize it beyond any thing else I possess ;
why should I not now part with in the KING'S cause ?"
He took the medal from his neck, pledged it, raised the
money, paid the poor elector's arrears, and away both
went to give another "plumper for Tswqrsokt.”.—Stani-
ford News.
