COAL DUTIES-IRELAND.

The Marquis of ANGLESEA held in his band a peti-
tion to which he requested the attention of his Majesty's
Ministers. The object of the petition was the removal of
the duty on coals imported into Ireland. The petition
came from the parish of St. Catherine's, Dublin, and
was signed by 115 merchants, tradesmen, and manufac-
turers of that parish. Their Lordships, no doubt, were
well aware 'that Ireland had not the advantage of the
Tick, the extensive, the inexhaustible collieries that were
found in Great Britain. The ablest engineers believed
that cite mines were not of any very great extent in
Ireland, at all events, the coals were of a bad quality. It
was obvious that every possible encouragement should be
:given to the introduction of coal into Ireland : this would
be an adiantage to both countries. If manufactures were
more introduced into Ireland, employment would be thus
given to the idle population—idle from necessity, for the
people of that country were as anxious to obtain bread
'' by the sweat of their brow," as the people of
any nation under the sun.—(hear, hear, hear. )—He
sincerely hoped that the boon now asked weuld be granted.
It would be received with great satisfaction by Ireland.
The tax itself only amounted to about 50,000/. annually;
and there would be no difficulty whatever in finding
substitute for it. Nothing could be done that would he
more gratefully received. It occurred to him that this tax
might be remitted in this way ; that the constabulary
force of Ireland, instead of being paid as now, by Govern-
ment, might be paid by the respective counties where
that force was employed. The expence- of that force
nearly equalled the sum raised by the tax on coals. In
consequence of the great boon which during the last Ses-
sion received the sanction of Parliament, the counties
would not have to pay that constabulary force—supposing
the mode, he had taken the liberty of suggesting were
adopted, for it would not be required. He must be per-
mitted to say it had struck him that, in the arrangement
made its another place by one of Isis Majesty's Ministers,
the interests of Ireland did not appear to have been very
much taken intd account. There had been 50,000/.
taken off the taxes by the reduction of the duty on leather;
but at the same time there was imposed upon that country,
by an increa,e of the duty on spirits, from 100,0001. to
130,000/. In addition to this, a large sum would be im-
posed by an additional duty on stamps. 'Thus, then, while
Great Britain had 3,500,000/. taken from ber taxes, Ire-
land had added to her burdens 150,000/. This was the
first petition of the kind, he believed, which had been pre-
sented to their Lordships that Session, but he knew there
were marry others relating to the subject in preparation.
The petition was but short, and he would therefore beg
leave to have it read at length.
It was then read at length, and laid on the table.
The Nonax MARQUIS presented a petition from several
parishes in Wexford, against the tithe system.
The Bishop of BATII and WELLS, when presenting a
petition from Shepton Mallet, Somersetshire, complaining
of distress, and stating that the parish rates were higher
than at any former period, said that their Lordships were
*lied upon, on principles of humanity and justice, to in-
quire into the cause 'of the distress which now pressed on
the population of the country. It was the duty of the
Legiilature to endeavour to redress the sufferings of the
reOple.
The petition was then read, and laid on the table.
Some Road Bills were read a third time and sent to the
Commons.
_

Earl BATHURST presented a petition against the truck
system, but the place from whence it came was not beard
below the bar.

The Earl of MALMESBURY moved a humble address
to his Majesty, that his Majesty would be pleased to direct
to be laid before the House a return of the persons com-
mitted for trial for criminal offences, at the assizes and ses-
sions in Ireland, for the last seven years, distinguishing the
number committed each year, with an account of the con-
♦ictions, sentences, and acquittals. The Noble Earl said
that there was already on their Lordships' table a similar
return for England and Wales, and his object was to have
the statement made complete.
The Earl of ROSEBERY suggested that the return
should extend to Scotland.

The Earl of MALMESBURY had no f.bj,ction what-
ever to adopt the suggestion. He begged to add, that if
returns of a similar nature were annually made of the pre-
ceding year—(Hear)—it would be attended with consi-
derable convenience.

Earl BEAUCHAMP presented a petition signed by
3,600 persons, from Worcester, complaining of distress,
and suggesting an alteration of the currency.—The peti-
tion having been read at length,
Earl STANHOPE rose, and after adverting to the dis-
tress, which he contended was universal, referred to a let-
ter which he had recently received, conveying an account
of the distress of Glasgow, Leeds, and Birmingham. In
Scotland, the writer described, that one-third of the land
not entailed was in the market for sale. The Noble Earl
ts.tid he had been stated to have ascribed the distress to free
trade. This was not the fact. For he never attributed
the distress to one cause, but to several causes, which
acted simultaneously ; among them, however, he was
ready to admit, free trade stood classed. The effect felt
clearly pointed out the causes. The Noble Earl then en-
tered into a statement of the currency question, referring
to the banking system carried on in France, Austria, and
Prussia, as confirmatory of his views. In each of those
countries there were small notes in circulation. In France
the private banks issued 20-franc notes, and the Bank of
France had 50-franc notes. In Austria there were notes
as low as 10s. each, and in Prussia as law as a dollar. It
had been asserted that the alteration in the English cur-
rency, when that measure was proposed, would not affect
prices beyond four• or five per cent. ; hut it was now ad-
mitted that the depreciation of prices was much greater.
He believed, in some cases, the difference was 30, 40—may,
even 50 per cent. Mr. Ricardo had admitted that, if the
price should be reduced 25 per cent., it would be an act
of insanity to adept such a measure. The Noble Earl
said, in conclusion, that he should, very shortly after the
Easter recess, bring forward a motion on the subject be-
fore their Lordships ; at present he would not trespass
farther.

The Marquis of BUTE contended that the distress was
not universal, but partial ; and in Scotland he denied thtit
it had existed, especially among the lower classes, to the
extent his Noble Friend had described.
Earl STANHOPE knew that in the county from
whence the petition came, great irritation prevailed among
the middle classes, and in the lower classes a hostile feeling
was manifest.
The petition was then laid upon the table.
Lord NAPIER brought in a Bill for the better regula.
Lion of the Poor Laws, which was read a first time.
Lord GOWER presented petitions from Newcastle--
under-Lyne, Lane. end Potteries, and another place in
Ssaffordahire, in favour of throwing open the Stafford-

shire trade to India and China. The Noble Lord a!so pre-
sented petitions from Burslem and another place in the
Staffordshire potteries, praying the abolition of slavery.
Lord HOLLAND presented petitions from two Protes-
tant congregations in Lancashire, against burning widow•
in India.—Referred to the Select Committee.
The proceedings in the Ecclesiastical Courts of D'Oyley's
divorce case, were presented at the bar, and laid on the
table.

Several witnesses were sworn preparatory to their
giving evidence at the bar.
The Divorce Bill was then read a first time.
Adjourned at a Quarter to Seven.
