iMPERIALPARLIAMENT

THIS DAY, FRIDAY, JUNE 21.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The SPEAKZR took the chair at the usual hour. On
entering the gallery we, found about fifty Members in the
House, and

Mr. DOMINICK RONAYNE addressing the House
on the second reading of the Carlow, Kilkenny, and Clon-
mell Roads Bill, which we understood had been moved by
Mr. Callaghan. Mr. Ronayne concluded his address by
moving, as an amendment, that the Bill be read a second
time that day six months.

An How. Alsmisica said he rose to second the amend-
ment, when

The SPEAKER rose and said, before the Hon. Morn-
ber seconded the amendment proposed by the Hon.
Member for Clonmel, it was necessary that the House
should be informed of the state of the Bill. The Bill had
passed through the House, originally, in the regular course,
and was th en sent up to the House of Lords ; and if it had
returned from the House of Lords without any amendment,
as it bad passed through this House, there would then
have been no opportunity for the Hon. Member to offer
any further opposition to it. But in the House of Lards,
as he (the Speaker) had been informed, an objection
was made that the Bill imposed tolls on all par-
ties without any exceptions. A Noble Duke in that
House, holding the office of Postmaster General,
had ex officio objected to the passing of the Bill in
that state, and proposed the insertion of a clause
by which his Majesty's mails would be exempted from the
payment of tolls. With this amendment the Bill had
been returned from the House of Lords. Now one of two
courses was presented to the choice of the House—either
to adopt the amendment of the Lords, if it were reason-
able ; or, if the House considered that its privileges
were assailed by the alteration of the Bill, then
it was important to throw out the Bill, and bring i❑
another with the amendment of the House of Lords as an
additional clause.—(Hear, Lear.) But in either case the
discussions of that House would have to be confined to
the new clause, and no Honourable Member could
properly claim to he heard in opposition to that part of the
Bill which had been previously adopted.—(l-I,ar.)

Mr. RONAYNE said he had moved the recommitment
of the Bill before it went up to the Lords.
The SPEAKER felt he should not be doing his
duty, unless he warned Members when a Bill was
brought ino the House u, der such circumstances
as the present, that they should consider whether they
could, consistently with public convenience and public
interest, preserve the principles of the House inviolate.
Mr. D. RONAYNE then withdrew his amendment.
KIRKINTILLOCH RAILWAY.

Mr. DUNLOP moved the third reading of this Bill.
Mr. COLQUHOUN moved as an amendment, that the
clause which had been expunged on the second reading
should he inserted. He was sure the House would not
sanction a measure which would limit parties who were
to use this railway to one line, and to prevent them the
fair and equal use of the railway, which was desirable to
all parties.
Mr. DUNLOP said the expunging of the clause could
do the public no harm whatever, and that in his opinion
they would reap the same benefit front the measure in its
present state, as if the clause had been left in.
After some observations from 11r. Maxwell, General
Sharpe, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. Macleod, Mr. Colquhon
withdrew his amendment, and the Bill was read a third
time and passed.
Mr. SHAW presented petitions from Laxton and several
other parishes in the county of Suffolk complaining of agri-
cultural distress, and praying for the repeal of the malt tax.
Mr. COLQUHOUN presented a petition from the
Committee appointed by the Presbytery of Scotland,
against the Bill for the regulation of the stipends of Scotch
ministers. The Hon. Member trusted that the Lord Ad.
vocate wi.uld remove the objectionable clauses from the Bill.
Mr. SULLIVAN presented a petition from Kilkenny,
complaining of the conduct of the corporation of that
town, and praying for an inquiry into the existing abuses.
Mr. FINN supported the prayer of the petition.
Sir E. CODRINGTON presented a petition, signed
by 1,121 inhabitants of the borough of Devonport, pray-
ing that the beer houses might be placed upon the same
footing as licensed victuallers.
Mr. LENNARD presented a petition from the parish
of Epping, complaining of that part of the Labour Rate
Bill which restricted it to parishes where the poor rates
were above ss. in the pound. Also a petition, signed by
679 members of the society called Friends, assembled in
London from all parts of the country at their yearly meet-
ing, against the present tithe system. The Honourable
Member said that he need not obs,rve to the House that
that class of persons objected to the payment of tithes
altogether, and consequently that they could not in
any way recognise the propriety of the Tithe Com-
mutation Bill. There were parts of that Bill
which he should feel bound to oppose, although the
principle of the Bill was in itself excellent.
Sir F. BURDETT said, considering the subject of the
petition, he only wondered the petitioners were not more
numerous, and that they did not get a great number
of proselytes, for they were relieved from serving in the
militia, from filling parish offices, and front other
inconveniences to which all other persons were subjected,
and which were in fact duties thrown upon society at
large.—(Hear, hear.) He thought it was not fair or just
to excuse one class of persons, however respectable, from
those burdens that were cast upon others.—(Hear, hear.)
He was of opinion that there ought to be some legislative
ti,iiictiatent by which all classes of society might he placed
on the same equitable and just footing.--( Hear, hear.)
Sir R: CHARD NAGLE presented two petitions from
two parishes .n the county of Westmeath against the com-
tithes in support of the ecclesiastica
pulsory payment Of
establishment.

Mr. HOPE JOHNSTONE presented a petition from
the inhabitants of Westerkirk, Dumfriesshire, against the
system of church patronage in Scotland.
Mr. R. GRANT presented a petition from the Mayor,
,civic authorities, and other inhabitants of Cambridge and
its; vicinity, members of tilt Association of Ra-
vocal Humanity against cruelty to animals. The
beak h, comfort, and respect for the decency of so-
ciety, apart from any other motives, were sufficient to
authoris,e some legislation on the subject.—(Hear.) He
went furt,'ter, however—be held that all religion enjoined
it as an irnoerative duty upon all to spare from unneces-
saty and severe suffering that which was called the brute
portion of creation, and that duty could not be withheld
without a breach of mor-11 justice.
Lord G. SOMIcIRSET acquiesced generally in the
principles laid down by the H ,n. Member, but the state-
ments made by the society in question should be received
with some degree of caution.
Sir F. BURDETT thought the subject was nevertheless
well worthy of consideration.
Mr. PLUMPTRE supported the petition.
Mr. LENNARD was one of a Committee with the
Noble Lord opposite, and was satisfied that much of the
evidence adduced proved the existence of much revolting
treatment.
After a few further observations from Mr. ROBERT
GRANT, the petition was laid on the table. The Hon.
Diember then presented a petition against colonial slavery
from Montrose.
Bit W, X,CQILBY gave notice that next session he
should move for tlke total repeal of the malt tax. The Hon.
Baronet also gars notice that he should, next maion,
propose a resolution for the adoption of the House, that
it was expedient, for the sates of the morality of the
conutry, that the Bishops should be retaored from the
House uf Peers.
After Ike presentation of some other petitions, the
Speaker left the Chair,

ANSWER TO A CHALl'.El,..IGE.—Through
some mistake a gentleman in the south of Ireland led off
the dglee at a country hall out of his turn. The person
appointed .0 the post of honour challenged the intruder,
and received the fc,l,lowing reply :—" I cannot understand
why, because I opened a hill at night, a ball should open
me in the morning."
When the Duke of RUTLAND Sa.4B Viceroy
of Ireland, Sir Jourt HAMILTON attended one PI
hie
Grace's levees, " This is timely rain," said the Duke ;
"it will bring everything above ground." I hope not, my
Lord," replied Sir JOHN, 0 for I have three wives there."
FORGERY.-WILLIAM HAYDEN, a young
man, in the employ of Mr. DAVir,,,, newsman, 47,
Broad-street, Bloomsbury, for four years, forged a check
f.r 3001. 4.n PRAgOS nd Co., of Fie:l-street, on the 17th
if June, and got the touney, and has not been beard of
since.
MARGATE.—The late gale has occasioned
great dismal; on the coust, Two vessels ha,ve gr,underl
on the Margate Sands during the mek—one, the Mary
Ann, with corn, the other an Amerteau chip homeward
bound ; both have fortaustely got off with very jittle
damage.

STRANGE BEDFELLOWS.—A. poor woniall
at Husband's Bosworth, in this county, being disturber) A
lets nights since out of a sound sleep, re,olved next morn-
ing to examine the bed, when on openiug it what was her
surprise to tied a nest of nine young rats snugly deposited
in it,--Lcicester Chronicle,
