iNTERcEpTED CORRE'SPONDENCE.

(PUB,LlSlifill BY TitH,TapiCLl.). "
' r
Tile following intercepted' cg stxmt en; I,as
been published by the French:; It tnnexed''to the
Se.v-mti!en.h 11.3..i11et hi of the 14encliarmy, and is iti-
trodived 'by- the following shore preface:—
. ff—We-foultd.at-Madrid; at the Dake-Dt tgrAN-
-I.,\Dp's, two caskets; containing the papers of the
Princess of ASTURIAS, in which fire things of the
greatest importance. The-passage in a letter from
her mother, dated on the 15th January, ii3o6, in-
for'tns us' of the opinion whieh the Queen *of St ctLY
has herself of the English. • •

These letters are full of proofs of the Comp'.
racy which was furtning to break the friendship be-
t ween France and Spain."
con. or WHAT IS witITTEN SYNIVATIIrTIC INK.
IN Tim LETTER OF' atILLN CIIAHLOTTI, TO ltik;
..kIZINCIf.SS OP AS'IL/ItIAS

JAN 15, 1 ao6.
My beloved Child, I am infinitely uneasy at your
situation, your heal h, and the increased grief you
will bare in hearing of our cruel fate..iiut rely
upon my troth. Du not. give credit to any alarm,
which they will not fail iu charity to give you, and
be prudent.-1 shall write to you with perfeti sin-
cerity,' and believe no other news, for I promise the
heart and 'tenderness of my dear child to hide no-
thing froM you..--Do you not then believe any one .
but me—We keep all in good health.r-but art
(171411411 y uneasy.-"Mmuosit has been with 40,000
men on our frontier, since thi4 fatal and atctirsed de-
barkation of the English, who, with a cowardly per-
fitly without example, have, after having comp.°.
mised us, quitted its at the moment of the greatest
danger. They have ruined us—fluooaparte causes '
notking to be said or written, and •we shall le lost
indeed.* We have but 8000 men in arms---During
the two years and a half the FrenCh remained with
us, they exaaed that we should make no recruiting,
They have thereby rendered all our force 'useless,
and we are thus at their mercy, without the hope of
defending ourselves against a force of fifty thot:iond
men, and if they choose, of one hundred.thoniand
men; deStrtyed, aqdfor for, years ntill-4in
short, it is a niisery!without example, to' which our
. •
' holy religion alone. Can make us resigned, that only
conitlation 'in.ctll. four mi,cerie !Pe are ,packing up
evtry
,forifivm the fronllers Aofiles irthe.
'six or! seven' days'i and we cannot sailer
CilirSid.jAW to. te. mode p.isoners: ...Thus we are pre-
paring. svery thing, for , a disastrOns and eter-
nal 4epartme, and it wrings my heart. The
King hal sent Cardinal Giqteral Rom') to Rome,
and has hunt also to .Paris.. But neither •Finicn,
nor ALC.VIER, tlor EtiGp4,4 13EAUHARNOIS, nor
MASSENA caO, as thq:say, stop the. march of
the troop. 'Hence, Sr. TnEnDoEtt, who has been
dispatched to join GALt.o, and to speak to him upon
poipts, retn ii, Elt TtrYme tU i,vatdi cher our.
atlairs ; and the Cardit;al is gone -to find ,13nostA-
'PARTE either nt Munich mat Paris, to try to save us,
Your goodjather is ready, to, satiety the genera/
and aluliCii(e and 44t.1e 'YRAN'Cii. •WC hfridliCh]
Prince) King, reserving to- himself' a, good pension,
the fruit of apart of Ilk advances made by him; to the
royal,finances. • Alany think this will le surniient to
ccilin the aorm; Litt Ida riot think it, and am con.
vialed that the cramp with,fid' the Iditdom of 41441.
If the danger approach, we shall retire to Messina
and into Calabria; to defend ourielyes; tit leak
there; 'and remit the 'capture of SicilY----Judgef-
Tisolkit.n, your two, sisters, a daughter in htw,
seven months pregnant, who 'will lay in at 11'44-
sina, tied knows la bore, two little ail-,
deep so' Mtereiting, In .fine every body is in tears.'
No one.. will rouain. very one, frightened by
the last tin*iwishei -to in oft We have neither
squadron, nor. any thing but two ships—it is a real
desblation. •

you shall know every thing—be prudent—do not
strew any ill-temper at the harsh things that may
tc44:y0t5,...4,,et them pass.,-they signify nothing:....-
God Will judge go awl 'postorily.-7-No fake inter-
pipoions..—Your two sisters are in deep affliction.
LEopoLD 011(1 FRANCIS will -go'. to Calabria to defend.:
t postttit,..lll t,:hor-f,, Goa"
will be dune---'Think, my dear child, of ve-esiablisli-
ing your' Ite:0111.:—C-gonclu61 yourself well—this life is,
short-7the other. is eternal and sure—Do nut athi
yptitself.at any t shall find gleam; to infgrm
you of; emeiy t hing t hat concerns us.;..;fint do not, make'
yOuisel(uneasy—God will aid us.Adiitu my fle#
child of :your health—try to restore
—think
bless you—l embrace you, and am for life your ten-
tier mother and •

In the kirrative of Colugno there is nothing writ.
ten: inform me. you hove reeeltidnll safe, and
c: 3 read it. Adieu, with heart end soul, :yours
wholly, not withsettritli4 trifdreaditil riaefy. •

,ffr^*•74m

COPY O 1 .Nkoft.vr 13 ,Avniroriot IN BYMPATIIRTIC
LOTTRAntobit attliNti CHARLOTTII
lc,- 'flu iiitlyGssi.ot:Asorvittikc.

JANUARY 30, 1806.
rklr and b#:li.led.Child, do not.be alle:tsy at °lir

fate ; only :tact care of .:your God will

have pity upon us, and nothing
will happen to us.
Ift;ve ate obliged to, fall hack` upon Sicily, I will
av
endeour, whenshall"' be all assembled -tor
them to send a Vessel, under the pretence of quiet,
ing the heart of the Queen, for her daughter: but,
itt fa6t,to assure you
_my beloved chjld„ vviglsoPe4
to our fate.—ge prudent, do not speak out and i‘t
every thing be said.—l haue nothing to ‘refiroa_ci
myself.;—Josepis 'Bonaparte is believed to be efestinel
to the Throne of Netpks—shut is villainous enotigh-''
.God permits it ; we must low our .heads.--Fat '
conciliar himself eternplarily, and no one caniehavr
41teri---Isalnfila (his wifil the daughter of the
of Spain), •is in the eighth- month qf her pre?
none,
.; but happily she has s,idt apathy, is so 111131
and dull that she feels nothing warmly--ii isgncd
for her health.—Your sisters and myself hovel:4lk
same hoppiness.-,-Lovanud express to. you, m I cM64
our torments—but. God will rid us; do not be um'
easy, and thinkCuly of your Ileattli--"Let them Clifid
cise, and talk and discuss every thing without
ins; theß nelisperroydeon.
ftit;w,i relyßeattacll on you.edtoyart good lit;s-
bnd—

Adieu, dear cbild, I.
r,..kne rushy
things to 831 t°
you, but time presses-4 embrace yon fiorn thta
bottom of my heart, end Itamoyour tender mother •
and Mend.
1 writele the Queen end lo your husband--iti the
former, to speak io her q her eltild—to the other do
tell him that it it hit duty to write to me, and that ,4
should Ge seen—Adieu, I 'will endeavour to send
you lotelpgente relative to ine.—Be trauquil on oor
gecouut—ai embrace you—Adieu.
..„,* These passages, which we prjut irritalies, are prilit?4o
the same tnainner in !lic'k'Peni.l) prhiihiej.

• A. very gallant and severe (talon was fought Pa
Fridayse'unight, by
the Sanriwich lugger. Shetti
in with a large French lugger, soon atter toUr
in the afternoon, off the We of This, which sheen'
gaged nearly.. two hour, ; and sO dese-.was khe cat.
test, that the enemy's main-,ail caught titet":'o ‘),r
three times, from the fire of the
.Sandwich; it wit
.d gently the Intention of the enemy to-board, heirqa
,:f411.9f men (it is supposed iicerlv
uo), Lod ice thit.
Vitt:post she tan her bowsprit between ;he Stin4•
"tvich's, top! ;.wd twain-masts • but the brisk tiro (t
round and emnister 'kepi tftiby the brave crew
Ole Sandwich, prevented her accomplishing de'
ed
sign. At length she disengaged. herself, andsitet
'bit.- The Saudicick ,pursued Ajar, but the vveialla
being dark ands heavy, and the failing, she, at
with her sweeps,. and made hei escape. rhe i°l
and brisk. cannonade kept up by the Sandwichnit
have made greet havoc among the
.enemy's
and it is certain • she must have been so much slit,
tered as to reach the shore with difficelty",
Sendreich htutlon•itirisin—leilievt,ostr tieverkixo LIMO
two of them so dangerously, that they tireere.ev
peaed to live. Lieutenant AT &INS, the' bravo coo.
mauder of the Sandwich, received a bail in the up'
ricier ;
ballphaarst
beenof hsiisnroi gel; tt
taaramed,..t:ea:ntrd tiliteicaihZed bc
do well. Mr. PHILLIPS) the
wounded a musket-ball entered his right bras
and passed out at his 'back. The first-mate f',:l_/
m aster,
is dange.weunded 'by a ball passing through his leg. Tu°
rohil
Sentleici4 monnts,l4 guns, and had sti men on boartd.
''She arrived at Guernsey, on Saturday sennight,.
Friday afternoon, the Diligeate store-ship artired
et Portsmouth from HaJifax : she left that Pia°(t
br:
the 3d ult. in company with two mast ships
Frdaile and another), under convoy of the PeiltiA
of 74 guns, Capt. Dooot.s,s,. from which shif:
she, parted company oil the 13th nit- on the h
of Newfoontlland. She fell ht. with largerlarger,..,
privateer, on Saturday last, otr the Litard,
declined the contest, alter two hours fighting. 'l°
pirigente had three men wounded. Several tn!!'l,-
chant ships, which were in sight at the time,
which the .Privateer Would have captured, therepi.',
made their escape ;' one of which, the (Auk*,
cleetiec for London, ;he Dingente afterward* t„°°'
her under her proteetiuil. , Sir J, WARese left or
lite (1. % to the
.I°lith Frigate, Lord Wlli.LiAg Fr";
SOY, on the Ist ult. tut. Berniaida, ter the
season. -The expedition under Sir Gsuags
vosT, which bad been +countermanded w.I, 10,fel
4
orders to sail on the sth ult.; its destination '`3s
West Inilies',and the objectot Whits been often ~t
to bee to attack Martinique. The Niiian, Sir tt4
REFIT LAURIE; &ratio, Captain Scirrr ;
Captain Dick; and the (Zeit/a, Lord
Ferenov, (I.4igutes),it was understood, were to
..voy the transports.
The recent regulations at the Castote•hy".se
i.
here in regard to the abolishment of fees,
days, &c. are, -after the 3t st ..inst. to he estcii
to ,Liverpool, Bristel, Hull; Newcastle, purl""
mouth Plymouth, Lynn, Yarmouth, 11.0"l'es;:r,
Southampton, Exeter, Falmouth Cowes, letri"r—,-..1
Ipswich Colchester, Sunderland, and S1"1;,");,'0'
-Chester, Poole, -Dover, Whitby, Shieldi,
haven, &c.
are to remain as heretofore! bee
Letters from. Rio Janeiro to 'h of 011 a
the 9t ,
a0)0
matt , that the President' Frigate had arrived ' o.
Mace from Monte Video, with two Spanish le)eng;ir
net, invested with full powers to negociatell
mercitil Treaty with the English. Sub,etlnt-'l/,,is
county,. hoverer Of five. days later dater mil o
that such 3 Treaty had been agreed to, and Pi
vend vessels had sailed forjlie River Plate in "n
tit:tenet:.
to°
Letters from s'uut.3
e mention, grime very v.gi) or,
measures having been taken by the Nanoh
in conittuetion with the British, to Brute ids
strengthen his frontier, from Ationahad to %‘'' to
•ard. A further augmentationhas been 11/3
his aiairy,
civet nest s army, of three regiments of
timitstveral battalions of infantry.' releve4
'lti4terdaY gowning two Spanish Officer! a e
at,Windsor and waited
on the KING, e'
*aids went t 9 St. Georges Chapel, and heard
mots.

wdl

o to a

I
ivilj
d loge'
f quiet,

i

: but,
tespea
nod lit
•eprooci
eletined
2,0 ugh-4
.Fiancis
rz helraVe
If the
er preg•
c so Jilly
is good
flat lAte
y (hild,
t be utt.
ern critid
Put feel'
PM! 111;5.

) say t°
off) the
Mother

„to tile
othg
!that to
to send
1 on °tit

P ring ~

Slip

0104
after'
I 3

~'+j i ~J 11 .

•.

NAVAL N E

~~ ~;

PLYMOUTH, J. 7.—Arrived the Pappettbargh
Brig Ilynanda, -, from Liverpool, 'l4l4.o;asili
snit, put:. in here by contrary winds;
Diana, MIT cif ELL, from Madeira, bound .to Lon-
don, laden wilh wine and cotton ; English Brig
Sully, WILSON, from Cadiz and Gibraltar, bound
to Newcastle and Hull, laden with wine and 50a-
-461i Wool; ErigliAlt Brig Oak, NiAsoN, from Seville;

bound to LOndon, laden with fruit; Teahsport
Ruby, of London, Capt. MONCUR, from Cadiz, 'last
from Falmouth, bound to Portsmouth, put in here
by contrary witids and kid weather, Brig
of Leith, Capt. Kerry, from Gibialtar, la'q-fr(An
Palmomh, bound to London, put in here ViCon-
Vary winds and bad weather ; Goldfinch, of 18
cs, Captain wciriNto, with a convoy from the
• R
Inward.

Arrived .'Eclair SlOop of War, from Corinindi
'withDispatches'; the captured on her passage the
the French Letter of Martine Carolihq, ladenwitha'
Valuable cargo of ivory "and coffee, from the Isle of
France, Which It'atrived here. Arrived the'liotvina
Tender iroil-LiierpOol'; on her. passage she re-cap-
tured the'Brig Ranger, of Leith, 'Capt. trui•iDEß-.
sdn, laden with'frhit, froin Cadlt, wlsith had'been
taken by ti Vrench Privateet.-:-Theltaqer is 'ar- •
rived here. Arrived ihe Fiench Ketch Le' Pair,
laden with ;wine and rosi=ns from 'Beurdeati*, 61)°'
tared by,L'.~fi~te.Frigate,.
By'rhera,:ohire Fretich tetler‘of Marque whicls
is arrived here, intelligt.noe received of theip-
ture cif the Galati) 01'22 guns,-Capt.
in the Last Indies; by a large freicjit Frigdte, al'!er al
4everc aatUn, in which the latter had 40 Men
and wounded. It is added'that seven Air
lq'enchrrigites of the }largest class are
the Indian Seas,
Arrived the Citt:crfli4 Cutter, of 'l4 giins, from
torunna, in 48 hours, and h.is brovught over Lidut:-
General FRANCIS LE'/EVlts, COnin4nder
of theLn-
perial G63rii, who w taken 'prisoner by Lerd
PAGET its the affair Nvi;ich took place at Berieveiate
the 28th ult. in which the 'enemy 16t aboUrAo6
inlet), in 'killed, wounded, and prisoners. Captain'
WYNARAisi Aid-de-Catnp to Sir jolt? Modaz,
also arrived in tale COcefui, and itottediately prO-
teeded to town, hiving brought dispatches from the
ritislz CoMmandercm Chief, whibli are statedlo
Of an unpleasant nature ; the Esairt Gun-hrig, irotn
guernsey; and Peaock, of to gnus, frodi the remit
of Spain.

General I,EPE','RE Idtt Madrid 3t3 days ago';
he was so L'Xtrel»eii' rese.tvd, that it was inipdssible
to pm any iciestiuil to bin) 'relative to the .eiisting
Mate 61 altiirs. 1-ht is at present at Moncit's tavet'n,
11Yrnr)"th , but it is expEeted lie will ba sent to
Leading on hig paroie.

FAL motrl!pu, .7 AN. a.—Arrived yes:etdah the 131 ill
PackeiSofraort, with `Mails from Corinna, Which;
shelett .on tfre t -
This moc•niii arrived here,*
the Priacels 11,
Packet, liton, with Maili from Lisbon ;. nine da) s .
Passago., The Transports, . with-,, the 14th Light
Dragoons wei.e !safe arrived, and landed in exceUlit
order. All the tufautrjr had lefr,Liseon
tiir
the Interior. The Portilgoese Troopti were
from the 4go of I to 43. They had no apprehl',,n=
siuu of a Vi9it from the French.
,•)on:P';°
PottrAstoutit,- JA N. Atiived his
Ship Lic.lbora, of
.74 gum, Capt. Y. E. DotY(46l) fro the lial;flx station ; Prouidence,
°Shields.; 4t14 the itosinai from. NOW,
* .1*
H •
Majtsty's Erig Firm, has captured and 'sent
.110 to iS Port, the Carlwriogh! Sloop, ladthi with salt,
from 'Cherberzli,

DUAL) JAN. s4.—Arrived, and sailed for the River,
the George, fram Sr. Thomas's iiredway,
WATSON, lion] the riruilsi Afars, IstuseaToll,
iilligence, ELLts, and the Ceres, aICHARDSOUr from
L;vetp)ol, with several ethers.
came down from the River his Aftljesty's Ships
Pirgard, nnd the liVagenia, and remain. in flit"
buwws with jtici Nittesty'a Shik. &re. as per last.
.rcIIDA IP; 7,--Arrived last evening the Qhath.
lir] Fleet, under coin:l-land of Admiral ti Brest.

,11
axxsa,
JAN. R.—Sailed Ilia :Majesty's Sloop
Qn a cruize ill the North Sea.
'nit; &SSW.' i 4 thjs day paid up to six menults.

0rar...1%....
0.,. ,
I hrec French prisoners, who were in confinement
A.t irottsinouth, have been lodged in the gaol of that
I''''", ou , a charge, of forging Bank of England
ott:s, They have -sticceeded in '
passing some at
11'%: Boles, throngh some soldiers.who wcie gusrding
' ''.l.' at FurtOn prison.--A parcel of forge&ndles,
'I'li:11 are supposed to have belonged to then;"/hike
herr) found on Weovi; Common by a bor•-411be
it0.,..4 ; .- _
' ale very neatly executed, and are a gooddiai7

SP.i? JSfl. PdPLRS.

•
tII6CLAIMATION BY AIAJOR.-GENRIIA DON INIONIO
p 4 ,ALOETiO "GOVERNOR' OF COEUNNA.
illustrious Citizens of Corunna--My pledge as
•
,!Governorovernor or this place, which I have given, to defend
-you at the risque Only life, the confidence the Pro-
visional Junta has placed in me, atid,4,be satisfac-
tion I. feel at the high opinion whichthis illustrious
City has formed' of me, and 'which Z, shall always
Strive 'to merit, are ivwerful motives to oblige me
to manifest .my desire of contributing; as much as
possible to the defence -of a cause, morektst than re-
Jtorded in history, and to sacrifice myself its de-
fence, forgetting trouble, fatigue, and danger. I have
no doubt that 'all the people of Corunna
my eiample- Let us all be soldiers.; the times and
Circumstances demand it. The Supreme Central
Jiinta has wisely established a militia of Honour, and
'it 'has been my good fortune to have the honour of
being your Commander. I should wiTh to comme-
nicatoto.you„ in as :short time as possible, the mili-
tary knowledge ,which experience has taught me in
tho course Of sti years service; but I am Cully per-
suaded that zeal, and a short application, will make
this militia as useful as any troops of the line; but I
would rather animate by example than persuade by
woids. Let us then ever war against the French,
and thoSe vile men whip take their part, and are un-
worthy to be called Spaniards.----Nothing is more
necessary in war than to beprepared before Nitl4 ;
ribr'ribriiitigth,ree Slistbeffil than to sufferourselves
to be surprised by the enemy. In order that such a
disgrace' may not befal this town, r have ordered,
with the approbation of the junta, that the fortifi-
cations which we are to defend shall be immediately
coostiiioed, efltjticli I now give notice, in ordei
that the works may bdommence; and I shall be the
'first to contribtite towards them myself. The wo-
.inen shall be employed in making and filling sand-
:haes4 and it is •to be well tinderstoed,'.that there
Inuit be so,ooolhese, will! an &itvit unniber of
Acines ; 80,000 wooden stakes, two yards hang and
••ei!,l4lit inches thick, 1-0,000. stakes, one yard long,
;;gun 4060-half-a ytc.l long ; 400 Wooden millets,
VOOO new planks and as many mere old ones, to
make platform, &..e. AU persOtts who are inspired
by honour and patriotism, are willing to 'sacrifice a
part of therr property in order to save the whole,
and avOid an ignominious slavery) are reene4ted ekcii
to conttibUte a few of the ahiwe••mentioned articles:
being well prepared, I trust that God will protea our
'cause, and should the 'French come, that Corunna
will fignre in tlile page of history not less 'gloriously
than Gerona, 'Valencia and Saragossa. ll'unhappi-
ly out tats.; should tie leittwpurable, in cousegnence
God having *determined to chastise 'us tiOr our
sins, we will finally bury outsetvetin the reins •61
'this place,-ratber than surrender to [hi! French, thus
finishing ourdays with -glory and hononr, hoping
every .otter town will follow our"ekam pie.
ANTONIO DI

aroma, Dec. 30.

VI 00, Dib. ,tiesidktii.)// :tied Planta-
foul,. of 74 guns hAvo arrived herei so' tOat
we have tea 'Shit of the Lille. I'l)6' ildtzeibas, IS ilc3o
expected.
