FRENCH PAPERS.

(From the Itfouiteur of Sunday, July 18.)
( The-official part contains only a Royal arch.
Hance relative to a gas-light company.)
(NON•OFFICIAL PART.)
Vice-Admiral Barost Duperre sailed from
Brest yesterday on board the Trident : he is Uc-
covmlrtniNd by thP t riga tpsL'Amphilrile,Lal'estale,
La Nymphe, and L'Armide, and the schooner
Pauvette.

Rear-Admiral Bstron,Roussin has hoisted his
flag on hoard the Amphitrite.
The Amaaone frigate will immediately join this
squadron, which will be joined off Cadiz by the
Santi Petri, Rear-Admiral Baron des Rotouts.
the frigates La Venus, L'llermione, and Les
Themis ; the corvettes La Diane and Lationione;
the brig Zeb.re, and the at:homier La Datiphinatie.

These 1 5 vessels are to he exercised in per'
formittr. manoeuvres and evolutions for 0:10
months; first, between Cadii and the Azores.,
and afterwards in the Mediterranean : they will
put into Toulon at the latter end of September.
(From the Bleat, dated Monday, July 19.)
P.llilo, JULY 18.—Telegraphic Dispatch from
Madrid, transmitted from Bayonne ti►e 17th or.
July

" JULY 14

THE AMMISSADOR OF /RANCE AT *nu: COURT or

MADRID, TO 1113 EXCELLENCY THE MINIST rot

10018113 S AFFAITtS

" Count Ofalia has just been deprived of the office of
ster of State, which is confided ad interim to M. de Salsza:,
Minister of the Marine. •

" Count Ofalia is replaced by M. Zeu Bermudez, :Minister
from Spain at London."

ST. CLOUD, JULY 18.—The King, after hear-
ing mass in his apartments, received the grand
dignitaries, the Ambassadors, the Ministers•
Peers of France, Deputies, and a great mall

functionaries, both civil and military.
The Duchess of Berri was to arrive at Rouen
on the 22d inst., where Nhe is expected to remain
four days, in order to have One to visit the publl
monuments and the most considerable manufac-
tures. She will then proceed to navre, will stop
there the 28th, and will set out for Dieppe the
next day.. She will take the sea-baths until the
2.2 d of August.

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES, JULY IP.
SLAVE TRADE.

The discussion on the Budget was recommenced. The god
for the Colonies (which amounted to five millions of francs) •
being proposed,
Mr. Benjamin Constant rose to bring before the Chambir
the subject of the Slave Trade. He began by stating that' be
rose, not to bring before them any facts, for the facts were but
too well known, but to express his regret at the continuance of
an infamous trade—(Several voices, " No, no l").-which Will
not be put a stop to until the laws on the subject shall be
better organized. Every successive Ministry, from the vele,
1817 to the present time, had declared that the laws on the
slave trade were too indulgent. He did not require that
it should be made more several_ but that such as it ass
it should be more strictly carried into execution. But the
chief object for which he rose was to oppose the grant of_
70,000 francs for the Colony of 111ardnique, because he mope'
anaded that that colony, so far from bringing any benefit to
France, was a source of expense to it, in consequence of tvsl
in which it was administered. He then stated that a pamphlet
had been published at Paris on the amelioration of the state of
men of colour in Martinique. It was a moderate statement's'''.
' was addressed to the King, in a very respectful manner. This
pamphlet was sold in Paris publicly, and was unnoticed by
the Authorities. But some copies having, appeared at Mar'
tinique, they became the pretext for the most terrible persecu-
tions. The enemies of the men of colour rose up against the
pamphlet. They first addressed a complaint to the Governor 01
Martinique, which in all times and in all countries would
have been regarded as an act of rebellion. This doeumeat
is couched in such terms as that if it was addressed to the
Authorities by the inhabitants of any department in the
kingdom, they would be at once set down as factious. Ile
then read the following passage from this memorial :—" We
are bound to tell your Excellency that the inhabitants of MA!'
tinique are unanimously resolved to maintain and defend;
whatever it may cost them, the existing state of the law, otiue
not, allow any change of the colonial regulations. It t"
Government has it in contemplation to make any chailel
we beseech your Excellency to be our organ to it, and
inform that we are firmly resolved not to admit any. Pluhis
ficatiOn." The Governor, instead of indignantly rejecting
defiance, replied, that the disturbers of tranquillity who had
clandestinely introduced certain pamphlets should be peosetfilits
ed. A. general search was ordered, and, besides the pann""ed,
already mentioned, some copies of a speech by 31. Laistlene,
Villeveque, on colonist slavery, which the Chamber of
puties had ordered to he printed, were found. In conseer'ot•
of these discoveries, 1,500 persons were arrested, thirty-tevenl,J.
whom were condemned to transportation, and three to the
lies for life. He then stated, amongst other instances 01 44
carried into effect,
barbarous manner in which the sentence of transportation we
condemned was an unfortunate old man, near sixty lestl2,o
the following :—Amongst the persons of
age. The sentence of transportation was, of course, to hunt ..-63$
was to others, a sentence of death. In a fit of despair be
and threw himself into a well. What was the consequen"les
Would it be believed ? The old man's son was ordered t 9
transported in his place !—(A general murmur of increduliq
Another person was transported instead of his brother!
these atrocities had their-origin in the vilest motives. AITUIZrs
the persons sent away were the rich, and it was their deu.hit
who sent them away. One man was a creditor of one o 0.
persecutors to the amount of 20,000 francs. When 111 rs
'the
Constant had concluded, two Members rose to move for
pwrailsn,
htireen
jgi‘eorifnedtilstliers
Dianne
theof
e eAtaftedter athalsittoartcodnisscupissesieoyn,
sr.
cations of which were very extensive, had been form, din Ifs
Igo
tinique ; and contradicted the statement that a son had f A
transported instead of a father, and a brother but'
brother.

[From the Constit Hammel.]
MADU.II3., JULY fl.--:(Extrart of a Frivate Leller.)-711 pot
are now arrived at another Slinisterial crisist which col-
be prevented, after the weak and unsettled conduct
Ministers, who endeavoured to prove themselves zealot? the
fenders of the throne. I have already told you that
enlightened part of the Ministry of Ofalla contented of
selves with striking, and did not dare to speak. They 4"m k 1 t"
struck in their turn, and the victorious party are not I'7 ,rl,"
say why. The proof of the triuripkt of the fanstica!P;.,,
was given yesterday in the departure of the King for ("'
and his afterwards proceeding to the baths of Sac:ea° 'l4 •
companied by Ofalia, the Minister of State, Which w;li.
exampled in this sort of journies. Hi: Majesty w°" .1A
take with him M. Ca lomard e, the great fa eon rite of the AP',l"
Junta ; care was even taken to annottace this news by 1,001
tree, which left no doubt, that as soon as his Silliest,' ,g;rbesr
at Cuenca, he would sign the dismissal of thepresent Itwbi..4
A AA tO t
of Foreign Affairs, of War. anti or the Navy'. ""
that the famous Don Victor Saez has received from thecti
his nomination to the place of Prelate atached to the ,h°,lol:e
of the King, and it is said he has been promised a L',,gg„..coo;
hat; to recompense him for the disgrace lie has some
fered. The resolution of the King of Portugo' to
Cortes together at Lamego has placed us in great er° before
ment ; there are people who always think OE3' leeNe•ew r`ri
them the Cortes of Castile or those of Alt
rests have just taken place; among others, e Cale
First Instance, lion Julian Sojo. and Lieut-Colonel gr
owner of the large ldsmith's shop, Called Pialima i'ereoPl
tinez. Hut the arrest of the Ex -Judge Arias has -.„4
more astonishment titan all tile rest, as he encountel tIO
many dangers, because he would not condemn 'thel.
priest, to death. As ninny arrests are taking Phcenot
provinces, and emigration is more frequent than ever. viol IA
decree of M. De Calomarde, inister of Justice, roil'
the Gazetteer the Sd, will surprise you more than all Here it is:_
L of
"TO TUE GOVERNOR OF Tlfg COUNCI .600
the"leEjttEnaLtle.rsoxyceirr;--cgSnotym,ewshuobjwc'ecrtse of the KtedintarPgg the 'l4l'

totSf
* The Inditateur of Bourdeaux has annou "
Ofalia has been succeeded by 31. Lea Mendez, and
Ministers are also to receive their ttistuisial,
