1 trio ;---
'4O ' 7jkWtil.
\ kt, ^. •,•thoo._ Qiitt
43;(744ii‘Kt4ktio

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENLNO, MARCH 6, 1529.

No French Papers have been received in town
last night, or up to the hour at which we went to
press, owing to the unfavourable state of the wind.

We direct the attention of our readers to the im-
portant trial in the King's Bench, to-day, at the in-
stance of the East India Directors, against one of
their number, awl seven other persons, for corruption
in the disposal of patronage.

The House of Commons cannot be said t• confine
their utility to the mere business of Legislation, but
seem desirous of establishing a high standard of good
breeding and elegant phraseology, by acting up to
which we shall inevitably acquire the character of
being the most polished and refined nation in the
world.

Of all the rechercUs phrases of modern intro-
duction, " vomiting," as applied to language, is de-
cidedly the favourite. In two successive debates, it
has been employed in the happiest and most striking
manner—on Tuesday, by his MAJESTY'S Attorney-
General ; and last night it was ascertained that, with
the rapidity of infection, it has been already added
to the vocabulary of the Honourable Member for
Rochester.

It was courteously applied by that Gentleman to
" the Press, under the auspices of the Anti-Slavery
Society." Without pretending to know what influ-
ence that Society has over any portion of the public
Press (farther than that which originates in the
sympathy of all disinterested persons in the great
cause of humanity), we would beg the Honourable
Gentleman to consider, that the attacks of the Press
are never formidable, except when they are directed
against determined and inveterate abuses. Its shafts
glance harmless from the panoply of virtue, or
recoil on her base calumniator.

It seldom happens that men are placed in situa-
tions from which they cannot be extricated by straight
forward dealing. To this rule even the very hard cas
of the West India Proprietors does not appear to
form any exception. Their property was acquired,
or descended to them from ancestors who acquired
it, under the sanction of innumerable Acts of Par-

iament, which fostered and encouraged " that Sys.

tern," as Mr. BROUGHAM justly termed it, " of rob-
bery and murder, mildly called the Slave Trade."
If the nation is now to change its policy, and to
redeem itself from the foul stain attaching to such
conduct, it is very clear that it should be at the
expence of the whole, and not of a very limited por-
tion of the community. The course for the West
India Proprietors to pursue is clear and palpable.
Their answer to all attacks should be—we hate
slavery as much as the rest of the world—give us
an equivalent for our property, or share with us in
bearing the depreciation of it, which may be the
consequence of your legislative enactments, and on
those terms we will give them a fair experiment.
That a guarantee to this effect should be given by
the nation, and that it might be given, without any
hazard, we are perfectly satisfied. But should it
put a hundred million pounds to peril--it should
cause no hesitation in acting on the plain dictates
of eternal justice.

But we repeat it, that there would be no danger
in foil•wing up the recorded views of Parliament
for a gradual but " reasonably quick" Emancipation
of our West India slaves—were the hearty co-ope-
ration of their owners secured by giving them gua-
rantees that they shall not be, in any case, the only
sufferers.

As long, however, as the West India Proprietors
purchase newspapers to advocate the horrors of
slavery and of the Slave Trade—as long as they in-
sult the sense and feelings of the people of England,
by declaring that slavery is a blessing, and slaves the
happiest of mortals—so long will they set in array
against them the virtue, the intelligence, and the
humanity of a nation, which feels Freedom to be
the first—the most invaluable blessing of a bounte-
ous Providence.

A letter has been received in New York, from
Boston, of the 28th of Jan., stating as follows
We bear that a battle took place this forenoon
at South Boston, between large bodies of Irish
labourers (Orangemen and White Boys), in which
several are reported to be killed and wounded. The
City bells were rung to alarm the Authorities."

By the death of Vice Admiral Sir ThouAs
ThompsoN, the Treasurership of Greenwich Hospi-
tal becomes vacant, which is to be filled by Vice Ad-
miral Sir WILLIAM JOHNSTONE HOPE, now one of
his Royal Highness's Council. It is expected that
Sir WILLIAM will be succeeded at the Council Board
by Rear Admiral Sir EDWARD OwEN, now at the
Ordnance Office.
