NAVAL NEWS.

PLYMOUTH, JA QB.—Arrived last night in Caw-
sand Bay, the ATnerican ship., Peace and Plenty,
Captain HA from Wilmington, With a &Iry for
this port, came a running ship, fifty•six days pas-
sage. Early yesterday morning, about four miles
South-West of the Scilly- islands, she fell -irt 'with '
his Majesty's frigates Endymion and Furtunje, and
waS boarded by the --latter, which ships were then
in 63E4: of two French frigites, that had previously
chased the- Far hot& into Cock, where the latter was
joined by the Endrnion, and sailed from thence im-
mediately in pursuit of the enemy's squadron. • Cap-
tain HALL states, that at the time he vas boarrkd
by the Fortunje, two ships, apparently frigates,were
discovered at a great distance, which, in all proba-
bility, were .those of the enemy. The Endynijon
and Porta-nee made all sail after the strange vessels.

Arrived the transport ship Champion, T. JACK-
sox master, from Lisbon. She broughr passengers,
two Officers belonging to the German Legion.
Sailed on the 14th instant, in company with a fleet
of transports and merchantmen, consisting of abnut
forty-fire sail, under corlvoy of the Hyacinth sloop
of war. Parted with them on Thursday last, a few
miles to the westward of Scilly.

Arrived the Respec7, ATKINsoN, from Sunder-
land, laden coals for this port ; the Hope, A's-
'jams, from Guernsey ; the Achato sloop of war
from a cruize in the Channel ; and the Prince,
Crow master, from Quebec.

Arrived the American ship Paulint!, FIELDS, from
Charleston, with a cargo, bound to London, put in
here for orders.

Also, arrived this day a French sloop, prize to
one of our cruizers.

It has been obServed in an Opposition Paper, that
the main point in which we are to dread the genius
of BUONAPARTE, is in his cre.ition of a French ma-
rine, and in proof of the probability- of his accom-
plishing -such a purpose, we are referred to his great
length of sea coast, and are asked, " Is it credible
that the Possessor of Holland can want sailors ?"
As to the length of his sea coast, unless he could be
sure that they will always be defended for him, and
provea nursery of sailors to support his usurping .and
oppressive domination, there is no Wong reason for
him to depend upon tfre amplitude of his coasts,
however extensive they may be.—As to his com-
mand of the naval power of- Holland, the shipping
he may seize, but he can have little reliance on the
Dutch seamen. They must detest the Tyrant-who
has destroyed the independence of their country,
and reduced it to the most abject slavery. We find
that vast desertions from his army take place, even
among Frenchmen, who cannot return to their
country without the cei taint)/ of being shot ; and is
it
,to be supposed that the Dutch seamen will be
rtiore attached to his interests ? But we are told
that this chief danger of a formidable French ma-
rine depends upon our remaining at peace with Ame-
rica. The plain inference from this reasoning, on the
part of the Opposition paper, is, we presume, that for
fear a French marine should be created, we should sub-
mit to all the insolence and all the aggressionswhich the
Dernigogues of America may force the Government
of that country to direct against us. This is a ground
of argument which, we trust, will always be re-
jeCted by the spirit as well as the gripd sense of
Great Britain, and while ‘ce have such a navy in
possession, we need not submit to the unjust de-
mands of 'America, to avoid the danger%.of a French
marine, that only exist in the fears of party,

BOXING.—The match between Ballard and Smith,
for a stake of 20_ guineas, and a subscription purse
of ten guineas, took place on Tuesday, at. Combe
Wood, near Kingston. Ballard has been reckoned
a boy miller of the Westminster School, who had
fought six battles before, but of doubted game,
since his combat with Bristol Hall on Old Oak
Common. Smith, a heavier man, having made
some good stands against first-raters of middle
weight, was backed I t to 8 ; but just previous to
stripping, the odds turned to even betting, and five
and six to fotfr on Ballard. Caleb Baldwin was se-
cond to Ballard, and' addington Jones t 6 Smith.—
At the fourth round, Smith was beat without a hit
of any consequence,. although he managed to stand
up 14 minutes.

A second battle was fought between two pugilists,
the former, one of the best eleven-stone men, and
the latter -a plant, from Bristol, of tremendous power
and. action. It was one of the best contested battles
ever observed. The stranger, Fotd, is from the
nursery of Bristol. King was the favourite at set-
ting-to, but the courage and knowledge of punishing
by:Ford, vanquished the former's science, although
he fought with the courage of Crib or Gully. The
battle lasted 40 minutes. Ford reuvihded• the ama-
teurs of the invincible Pbarce, the Game Chicken.
Like the Chicken, he possessed little science, and'
disregahled punishment ; he was always hitting
with his man, and his blows were planted right and
left with' tremendous force. His left hand had
closed King's eye in an early stage of the battle, but
it took nothing from his courage ; but Ford com-
pletely . beat away his antagonist's science. En no
stage of the battle be appeared fatigued, but when
hit, he returned with courage never'exceeded.—
King was knocked down several times by hits on
his head, but a repetition of a knock-down blow on
the jaw sent hint down like an ox from the ham-
mer of a sturdy slaughterman, and he was incapable
of getting on his legs.
The vanquished is a first-rate, with abundant sci-
ence, courage, and game. Ford never was. in the
ring of London amateurs. He is under Gregson'a
protection, and will be formidable. He fights on the
system of the Chicken, eager to give, and regardless
of taking. He is five feet seven and a half, weighs
about eleven stone, and is is, years of age. Lie re-
ceived a liberal subscription purse.
