FRENCH ARMY AND HIS HIGHNESS THE DRY OF

ALGIERS.
The fort of the Casauba, all the other forts depending
on Algiers, and the port of that city, shall ho delivered up
to the French troops this morning at ten o'clock, French
time. The General-in-Chief of the French army promises
his Highness the Dey of Algiers to leave him his liberty,
and the possession of every thing that belongs to him per-
sonally.
The Dey shall be at liberty to retire with his family,
and all that belong* to him, to the place where he shall fix
upon ; and, so long as he remains at Algiers, he and all
his family shall he under the protection of the General-
in-Chief of the French army; a guard shall protect the
safety of his person and that of his family.
The General-in-Chief promises to all the soldiers the
same advantages and the same protection.
The exercise of the Mahoinetan religion shall remain
free ; the liberty of the inliabitante of all classes, their
religion, their property, their commerce, their industry,
shall be inviolate; their women shall be respected; the
General-in-Chief promises this upon his honour.
The exchange of this Convention shall be made before
ten o'clock this morning, and the French troops shall iin
mediately after enter the Casauba, and successively all the
other forts of the city and the port.
Camp before Algiers, July 8, 1830.
(Signed) Count de lIOURMONT.
(Here the Dey has affixed his seal.)
A true copy.
Lieutenant-General of the Stair,
(Signed) DESPREZ.
Furricn Fuxns.—Nitts, Jvav 13.—flre per Cents., 10.5 r.
55c. 50c. 45c.• 105 f. 40c. 35c. 25c.. Four per Cents., 001. ;
,
Three per Cents. 791. 25c. 20c. 35c. ; Bank Stock, 1,8801, ;
Itentea de Napless 871. 25c. 30c. 45c. 40c. 35c. ; Rents d'F.spagne,
14% 15 ;UT %
Spanish Loan, 1,14% %; Royal Spanish Loan,
749 75 74% 74l % ; haytian Loan, 470 f. ; Exchange
on Loudon— ne month, 251 50c. ; three months, nr. 35c.

(From the Meeenyer des Chambres.)

PAWS, JULY 11.—A Ministerial journal says,
" We believe that we may affirm that there is no
foundation for the news given by the Gazette, and
repeated by all the journals, concerning the nomina-
tion of the Duke of Ragusa to the Government of
the territory and city of Algiers. Prince Polignac
has just despatched M. Edward de Sercey, Secre-
tary of Legation, express to Constantinople.
(From the Gazette de France.)

PARIS, JULY 12.•--Alllong the persons whom joy
and gratitude for our triumphs, induced to attend
the celebration of the Te Deum yesterday was the
Countess de Bourment. The Members of the mu-
nicipality of Paris took the opportunity of exprees-
ing to her on this occasion the sentiments which were
called forth by her presence in this numerous and
brilliant assembly. The Prefect of Police, proud to'
be the organ of their sentiments, said to ;ler, " Ma-
dame, the municipal body has participated in your
grief as it mother, and in your joy as a wife, permit
them to offer you the tribute of their respect."
Among the diplomatic body we saw, with great
pleasure, Commodore Sir Sidney Smith, the illus-
trious seaman who founded the society for the abo-
lition of piracy and slavery in Africa. He appeared
warmly to participate in the joy which all persons
felt at the triumphs of the French army, anti the
glory of the Monarch, who has thus accomplished,
in three weeks, the wish of three centuries.
Sir Sidney Smith is better qualified than any
other person to appreciate the difficulties which it

ldered 150 bales of provisions, a number of casksi
lof wine and brandy, &c. to be thrown overboard,
'not to lighten the ships, but that the wind and sea
might drift them to our soldiers. In fact the seal
actually rolled the packages on shore, where our
men in the camp of Sidi-Ferruch picked them up'
and stored them.

But very few articles were damaged in this
strange mode of landing.. The packages had been
(provided with treble wrappers at Toulon, which
were impervious to water, being calculated to keep
them dry on the passage, and fitting them for being
hove overboard, as was one.
