I shall say nothing of the characters of the principal
men who have figured in this revolt, the Houstons and
Burnets, the Ingrams and Potters, the Fannins and
Bakers, the Hawkinses and Robinsons, though 1 findo
them branded in the most respectable papers of the
United States, opposed to the abolitionists, as monsters
of iniquity, who stood charged in their own country
with the worst of crimes. Even the Arkansas Advo-
cate, a pro-slavery paper, in referring to these men, and
to their followers, hesitates not to say " We are very
certain that the vicissitudes of fortune have transformed
a multitude (f cut throats, desperadoes, outlaws, and
riminals, into Texian heroes and statesmen."
But let us measure the men by their acts. What
have these soi-disant Texians done to win renown, or
to gain for themselves the honour of being numbered
among the sovereign powers of the earth ?
They have revolted from Mexico without any just
cause for so doing. They had no injuries to redress
and no claims to prefer, which would not have been ho-
nourably met. The emigrants in Texas were always
treated with the greatest liberality by the parent states,
whose sole object was to foster them and to encourage
the free, the industrious, and the enterprising, to seek a
home within her borders ; to acknowledge the inde-
pendence of Texas, under these circumstances, is to
sanction treason of the worst kind, and to fix a premium
on unprovoked rebellion, simply because it had been
successful.
I have already shown that the revolt in Texas was
nurtured and sustained by the land jobbers and slave-
holders of the United States, and who by force of arms
had conquered it, and that the Texians, few in number,
and without any real grievances to redress, were made
a cover to the villanotis projects of these daring adven-
turers. To acknowledge its independence is to sanc-
tion an usurpation of the most unjustifiable character,
and a violation of the law (!f nations, unparalleled in
the history of civilized states.
But not only are these Texians to be regarded as re-
bels and usurpers, in reference to Mexico, and to be con-
sidered as such by Powers in amity with that Republic,
but they stand before the world the confessed enemies of
the human race, and of the sacred principles of freedom.
Here again we refer to, their acts.
It is well known that the Mexicans, as far back as the
year 1824, totally abolished the slave trade, and in the
year 1829 finally terminated the existence of slavery
throughout their dominions. But the revolted Texians
have re-established both. To place this matter beyond
dispute I make the following quotations from their laws,
and place them in juxta-position, that their atrocious
character may be the more conspicuous :
MEXICO. TEXAS.
TILE SLi.VE TRADE. SLAVERY AND THE SLAVE
" The Sovereign General TRADE.
Constituent Congress of the " Sec. 9. All persons of
United Mexican States has colour who were slaves for
held it right to decree the life previous to their emi-
following ; gration to Texas, and who
" 1. The commerce and are now held in bondage,
traffic in slave?, proceeding shall remain in the like state
from whatever power and of servitude, provided the
under whatever flag, is ever said slave shall be the bona
prohibited within the terri- fide property of the person
tories of the United Mexi- so holding said slave as
can States. aforesaid. Congress shall
"2. The slaves vcho may pass 710 laws to prohibit
be introduced contrary to emigrants from the United
the tenor of the preceding States of America, from
article shall remain free, in bringing their slaves into the
consequence of treading the republic with them, and hold-
Mexican soil." ing them by the same te-
Decree, July 13, 1824. nure by which such slaves
SLAVERY. were held in the United
The President of the States, nor shall Congress
United Mexican States to have the power to emancipate
the inhabitants of the slavery, nor shall any slave_
Republic. holder be allowed to eman-
"Be it known that, in cipate his or her slave or
the year 1829, being de- slaves without the consent of sirous of signalizing the Congress, unless he or she
anniversary of our lode- shall send his or her slave
pendence by an act of na- or slaves without the limits
tional justice and benefit, of the republic. No
.free
which may contribute to the person of African descent,
strength and support of such either whole or in part,
inestimable welfare as to shall be permitted to reside
secure more and more the permanently in the republic
public tranquillity, and re- without the consent of Con-
instate an unfortunate por- greys, and the importation
tion of our inhabitants in or admission of Africans or
the sacred rights granted negroes into this republic,
them by nature, and may excepting fro:n the United
be protected by the nation States of America, is for
under raise arid just laws, ever prohibited, and de-
according to the provision in Glared to be piracy."
Article 30 of the Constitu. Note. The prohibition
tive Act, availing myself of of the African slave trade
the extraordinary facilities was designed to assimilate
granted me, I have thought the Texian laws to those of
proper to decre— the United States, anal to
"1. That slavery be ex give the slave breeders of
terminated in the Republic. the Southern States the
"2. Consequently those mono of of the slave mar-
are free who up to this. day ket. But notwithstanding
have been looked upon as the prohibition, African
slaves."
slaves, via Cuba, are con-
Decree of President Goer- tinually introduced.
rero, 15th Sept., 1829.
Here then we have the atrocious fact unblushingly
avowed in the solemn decisions of the Texian legisla-
ture, that Texas, one of' the fairest portions of the world,
is to be devoted in perpetuity to slave-holders and
slaves! To acknOwledge its independence, in view of
this fact, would be to place the mark of honour on a
despotism the most cruel and revolting that ever afflicted
or disgraced mankind, and consign millions of the human
race to interminable bondage, instead of putting the
brand of infamy on so flagrant a violation of the rights
of man and the authority of God, and of holding up to
universal execration the men who could "frame (such)
inequality by law."
Still the whole tale of Texian perfidy and guilt is not
told. Nut only have these monsters desecrated the soil
of Texas by the re-establishment of slavery and the
slave-trade, but they have also provided for the exclusion
from the rights of citizenship, and I would add, the final
expulsion of the aboriginal tribes, and in this they
have become more vile than their Republican brethren,
in the United States. They have always sought some
colourable pretence for removing the Indians from their
borders, but the Texians intend to make short work
of it. Here is the law :---See. 10. " All persons (Afri-
cans, the descendants o/ Africans, and Indians excepted)
who were residing in Texas on the day of the declara-
tion of independence shall be considered citizens of the
Republic, and be entitled to all the privileges of such."
Thus are they made aliens in the land of their fathers,
and their fate will undoubtedly be that of the free co-
loured population, who we have seen will not be per-
mitted" to reside permanently in the Republic."
And these are the- men who have sent their envoys
hither to obtain their recognition as a sovereign state!
If there be any dignity in our rulers, any respect for the
national honour, any regard for the rights and happiness
of mankind, any devotion to the cause of liberty, any re-
verence for God, these envoys will be sent back with
scorn and indignation to the base Government they re-
present. Let them bear back the message that England,
true to the great principles she professes, true to the in-
terests of humanity, true to the cause of freedom, true
to the sacred claims of religion, sends an emphatic nega-
tive to all her overtures,
I am, Sir, yolre obedient humble servant,
Hounslow t.
, Oe
JOHN SCOBLE,
Th'

toltowing memorial on the Texas question has
acen presented to Lord Palmerston by the Committee
of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society :
" To the Right Hon. Lord Palmerston, her Majesty's
Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, &c.
"My Lord,--The Committee of the British and
Foreign Anti-Slavery Society beg permission to express
their sentiments to your Lordship on a subject deeply
interesting to all the friends of liberty and justice, and
which they feel to be of paramount importanc. at the
present time, as affecting the dearest interests and future
happiness of a large portion of the human race, and
one to which it is understood the attention of your Lord-
ship and her Majesty's Government has already been
officially directed.
" It is currently reported that from the revolted pro-
vince of the Mexican empire, Texas, envoys have been
sent to this country to solicit its recognition by the Bri-
tish Government, as an independent state.
" With a negociation, considered as relating to poli-
tical interests alone, although they conceive these to be
of the greatest importance as it respects the interests
of British subjects, and even the integrity of the Bri-
tish empire in the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean
Sea, it would be quite out of the province of the Bri-
tish and Forei;n Anti• Slavery Society to interfere ;
but there is a peculiar feature in the present which
renders it not only proper for them, but imperative on
them, to express to your Lordship their sentiments on
the. subject, and to entreat for them a serious considera-
tion at the hands of Government.
" The Committee will not trouble your Lordship
with a detail of the unjust and atrocious manner in
which the Mexican province of Texas has been wrested
from the parent state by unprincipled adventurers, land
jobbers, and slave ho!ders, from the United States,
%Own conduct deserves the most indignant rebuke,
and must attach lasting dishar.our to all who may become
implicated in it ; but to, press on the consideration of
your Lordship and the Government the well-known
fact, that the
egislature of Texas has abolished the
Li
universal freedom which with snch admirable justice
and propriety had been decreed by the Mexiciln Gore r
ment, and have re-established slaver • • ^
Yin worg: corms.
Teo Committee would also calf ysAtir Loir),;hip s atte..nr-
tion to the fact that tho Txii‘n
the expulsion IVOIR its territoq of 11;' also providei lhe
j.escetalnti of t !cans, a.m t
.Ib, whether in whole or in part

ne sale of single admisos to the Manchester
Exhibition produced 1,607/. ISA., and of season tickets
.5/. :Is. 6d. The children of the principal free schools
in the town and neigh bv,rhood, the inmates of the work-
houses, the military stationed at Manchester and Sal-
ford, and the puriis in the schools of the respective re-
giments, were admitted gratuitously. Though the rooms
were constantly crowded, not a single instance of wan-
ton mischief occurred, and the accidental injuries were
few and trifling. The following extract from Mr.
Cumbers speech at the annual meeting of the mambers,
contains a gratifying proof of the moral benefit re-
sulting from these exhibitions :—" A:nong all those
who had visited our exhibition, there was only
one instance of a man presenting himself in a state of
intoxication. Of course, he was refused admittance.
There was another instance of a person who was
not quite so far intoxicated ; he was more strenuous,
and was at length admitted ; he stayed a considerable '
time looking at the exhibition, and being, no doubt,
made more sober by the time he was in ; at length he
went out, and when a few yards off, was asked how he
liked the exhibition ; he replied, he liked it so well, that
he would bring his wife and children. He did so, and
after being three hours and a half in, was asked how he
approved of the collection, and said he never expected
to live to see such an exhibition ; that his wife was also
gratified ; that lie had never before taken her to
such an exhibition, and he regretted his poverty to carol
his name as a member, but that he would go immediately
and enter his name at the Lyceum. There werealso two
very suspicious characters entered into the exhibition. One •
of the Directors was advised to have the police to watch
their !notions ; but the Director very properly requested
that they might be left to his care. They went round,-
and on his observing to them that they seemed to ho
much struck, they said they never saw anything like it
before ; and so interested were they, that whether
they came to pick one's pocket or not, he (Mr. Cumber) I
did not know, but if' they did they forgot their calling."
This communication excited great interest, and has led
to similar exhibitions at Birmingham and Sheffield, with
equally gratifying results. Masters have benefited as
ff
well as workmen ; the sentiment so well expressed two
years ago, by Sir Benjamin Heywood, has passed into
with
:—" Treat," said he, " the working man
generosity and confidence, and he will repay you
with gratitude and affection ; treat him with suspicion
and distrust, and what right have you to expect a dif-
ferent return ?" The concerts at the Manchester Me-
chanics' Institution were highly creditable to the Direc-
tors ; though the rate of admission was only 6d., artists of
first-rate talent were engaged, and it deserves to be added
that a military band formed an important auxiliary to
the evening's amusements, Colonel Chatterton having
sent the band of the 4th Royal Irish Dragoons to aid
the regular performers. There are those who look upon the amusements of the people as trifles, unworthy
of notice ; there are others who watch them with a
jealous and ascetic spirit, who would check, fetter,
and control them by experimental and hap-hazard
le-
gislation ; but there arc also many who deeply feel
the importance of providing recreation for the la-
bourer after his toils, and thus enable him to gratify
the imperious necessity for excitement and exhilara-
tion without having recourse to vicious indulgences.
Labour," says Sir J. Herschel, "is work, amuse-
ment is play ; and though it has passed into a pro-
verb that one without the other will make a dull boy,
we seem to have lost sight of a thing equally obvious,
that a community of dull boys in this sense, is only
another word for a society of ignorant, headlong, and
ferocious men."--Alhenceunt.

ACCIDENT.—.As General Horton was returning
with his daughter from Pitt's Hill, near Petworth,
where they had been to dine on Thursday evening last,
owing to the darkness of the night, and one of the
lamps going out, the postboy ran the wheels on a .wait
placed at the edge of a pond, by which means the oar
riage was overturned ; and although the glasses were
1
broken, to atoms, and the dickey broken off, we are
happy to sly that the Gallant General escaped unhurt,
Miss Horton had her hands cut by the glass, otherwise
she escaped without injury. After the carriage was
righted, the harness mended, &c., the party again set off
for Hurling s, the temporary residence of the General.
APPALLING IGNORANCE IN BETHNAL-
GREEN.-At a public meeting held in Bethnal Green,
it was stated by Mr. Henry Althans, the Advocate of
Education, that when the new Lancasterian School was,
opened in that parish a few weeks ago, out o:. three
hundred grown boys above the age of ten years who
presented themselves for admittance, no fewer than one 1
hundred and seventy-three were found to be utterly ig. 1
norant of a single letter in the English alphabet !

r. •
SUPPOSED DISCOVERY OP A zusnox LODGE
IN BELFAST.—On Saturday afternoon the Magistrates,
attend
to
aed
by a strong military and police force
ceeded, pro-
public-house opposite the Belfast distillery,
kept by a man named Houston, and arrested him, in
consequence of private information, to the effect that a
Lodge of Ribbon men had been in the habit of holding
their meetings in his house. A number of boxes, con-
taining papers supposed to belong to the Ribbon So-
ciety, were also seized, and were conveyed to the House
of Correction, together with the prisoner, who still re-
mains in custody. We understand that the papers
seized contain a statement of the number of members
belonging to the association, whatever it may be, toge-
ther with their signs, pass-words, &c. This is all the
authentic information that has yet transpired on the
subject ; but as an -investigation, we understand, is
likely to take place 'this day before the Magistrates, we
shall probably be enabled to give a detailed account of
this singularly interesting affair in our next publicatiox4.
—Bc/fast News Letter.

STAG Ho 1./NDS.—The hounds commenced Oleir
Season on Saturday last, at Elkstone ; the med. was
about a quarter of a mile east of the village ; th/ey ap-
peared in excellent condition, and what with /the im-
proved dress of the huntsman and whit) (w?nich are
scarlet instead of green as heretofore)., tie turn. out re-
flects great credit Upon the Managir.g Committee. The
morning of tl:,e commencement, opened most auspici-
nuslY. Tie field, though fv.v in number, were of the
rigti sort in spirit, far wiaen the hounds were laid on
(which was in fifteen 'minutes from uncarting the stag),
away they sped in 'a style not to. he carped at even by
the most ardent devotee of fox hunting.' The pace was
good but tho run short—never mind—we say, give us
‘• short and sweet," rather than the slow cold " trail"
when every "cock tail" cm live.—Cheltenham Examiner.
