IiOYAL SURREY THEATRE.

in compliance with the innumerable requests for the Revival
of the Original " Jack Sheppard, that popular and extra-
ordinary Drama will be acted *very Evening, with the Grand
iConlie Pantomime, which has been witnessed by upwards of
lUO,OOO Persons, and allowed to be the best in London.
THIS EVENING, FEB. 6,
; Will ba acted Ainsworth's Drama, entitled
JACK SHEPPARD.
Embixlying all Cruiblianks inimitable' Tableaux Vivans.
'fo ,otteiti;te with the New Grand Christmas Pantomime, called
fHE QUEEN BEE, OR HARLEQUIN AND GOODY
TWO SHOES.
The sple-mlid Scenery by Mr. Brunning—The magnificent
Diorama by Mr. P. Phillips.

-,:unobine, Mist Sharpe; Harlequin, Clown, Pantaloon, and
Sprite, by the Bolero Family.
I%.,srs. wain,; of St. James'-street ; Andrews, Ebers, and
Bonit-stret ; and Sef.r,uin of Regent-street, Book-
nre a. pointed to let Private and Public Boxes during
rho• run of Core Pantomime.

.~.,~

TO CORRESPONDENTS,

Mr. must see that from the present demands on our

e:)lu,nos it is impossible for us to find room for his long letter.
Clnuot.he reduPe it to a sixth part of its present dimensions ?
A Coostaait !leader's suggestion is hardly worth insertion at
present.
We regret we cannot find room for the verses of F. E. G.

li.WATER AT LONDON BIUDOE TO-MORROW.
:25 minutes atter 4 Evening...—. a minutes atter 4

=lir?

MARRIAGE

HER MAJESTY.

Ti ER MAJESTY'S MARRIAGE, IS OF.
FICIALLY ANNOUNCED TO TAKE
PLACE ON MONDAY NEXT, THE
10TH INSTANT.

JN THIS AUSPICIOUS OCCASION
" THE SUN" WILL CONTAIN
TWO BEAUTIFUL
MEDALLION PORTRAITS
OF

THE QUEEN

AND

PRINCE ALBERT-

EXECUTED IN THE VERY FIRST

STYLE OF THE AR F.

TH E EXPENSE OF PRODUCING
THESE PORTRAITS HAS BEEN
VERY GREAT; BUT THE CHARGE
WILL ONLY BE ONE SHILLING.
SUN, CONTAINING THESE
I'o RTR AI'L'S, MAY BE RECEIVED
nr POST IN ALL PARTS OF THE
KINGDOM. PARTIES IN REMOTE

,TIIE

PLACES CAN REMIT A SHILLING

0r TWO, HALF A SOVEREIGN, OR
A SOVEREIGN,-FOR ONE PENNY

13Y THE POST ; AND THEIR OR-

DERS WILL BE PUNCIL`ALLY AT-

TENDED TO ON MONDAY NIGHT.

WILL ALSO CONTAIN A

FULL ACCOUNT OF THE AUGUST
CFIIIM-ONY, WITH ALL PARTICU-
a LARS APPERTA."ING TO SO IN-
TERESTING AN OCCASION.

113 DEUS FOR THE " NUPTIAL" OR
jr1,220D/NG SUN" WILL BE RE-
co):ED BY ALL NEWS - AGENTS
AND Pk_ STAtIASTERS THROUGHOUT
THE Kri.GDONT, AND AT " THE
SUN" OFFICE, 112, STRAND, LON-

DOS.

;;Pedneviaq, Feb. 5, 1846‘..

„q+
t',441::67$ 431
, • IC)
'•, • •
•,*;'

(7"-~~f)A
(s'`-'7)lal+

la.. ark

LONDON :
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1840.

'\.-- The Lords did no other business yesterday than
,wrry up the Address to the QUEEN , and forward
; x,f,;one ALPERT'S Annuity Bill.
, - Numerous petitions were presented in the Commons
for ,touiry into Socialism ; for inquiry into the mono-
po, oossessed by Mr. GURNEY of the short-hand busi-
). •
r:PS3 0. r :he House of Commons; for mercy to Mr.
nod for Church extension.
Faiv7rT. LEAu'ER moved an Address to the QUEEN to
pardon Faok.l2:• but after a short disc ission the motion
WaH not persi'st, '-d in.
The Desi las L ,opyright Bill was rcad a second time,
•
moved and withdrawn an after Mr. ‘llll.r.m.ms hair
Amendment to p,;stpo:te the Bill for six months. It is,
hoorever, to be referreo to a S.eicei Commit.ee.
The Administrwion aic Justice, and the Replevin
Bills (Ire:and), were severai:lYpostpc‘Thed for a fortnight.
Bilis, 1 vbio is certainly
These are Mr• TENNENT'S. .
arriving after the reputation of a volum. 'OOllO legislator ;
whether he will be a good one is another question.
There was no business of importance tr 1p ,acted, and
:lie House rose at Halt-past Seven o'Clock:.

A meeting was yesterday, though tarailjf held
the city of London, to petition agrainsf the
the Corn-laws, which was most numeromly any
,espectably attended. The first resolui 14.1 n was
moved by Mr. HORSLEY PALMER, whose name
4 and character are a guarantee for all that is mode-
Tate and constitutional. Messrs. LARPEN Ty D;L-
-i LON, SAMSON RICARDO, and TRA vEoo::
an active part in the proceedings, which.‘ts t
far as
they were concerned, were all such as to co,t
the respect of the community. The princi4 de on
tch the meeting went was to denounce the -I,orn-
ilaws as causing serious and peculiar evils, tc call
upon I larliament to take them into considerat ion,
,Mt t le eve to its wisdom whatever alteration 's it
[
mi,dit tin uk necessary.
None o i'the speakers expressed au opinion as to

what the alteration should be, except Mr. DILLON,
who said he was not for an immediate revocation of

long established laws in a mixed state of society,
where v; rious and conflicting interests were involved.
He even hinted at a compensation being given to
those who might lose something by the repeal, as
compensation was given to those from whom their
property in slaves was taken away by the Act for
the Abolition of Slavery. The agriculturists
cannot possibly desire more favourable considera-
tion ; but the Manchester manufacturers will t
coincide with the citizens of London. In the case
of slavery, the people of England interfered with
the inhabitants of the Colonies, and compelled
them to set a third party free. to their loss. In
the case of the Cor-.1-laws, the Legislature i 5
merely called on to repeal an unjust enactment of
its own. We cannot, therefore, agree with Mr.
DILLON. If the farmers are likely to be cheated
by the law-making landlords, let them reimburse
their tenants, not call on the people to submit to
some additional injustice. We side with the Man-
chester men, and not with Mr. DILLON and the
citizens of London.
The testimony of Mr. HORSLEY PALMER
against the Corn-laws, which, he declared, made it
questionable whether the country could carry
through its specie payments, is most important.
It shows that those laws cause a serious contest be-
tween the monied and the agricultural classes, and
m that contest the latter are likely to be defeated.
Some attempts were made to foist amendments
on the meeting favourable to continue the Corn-
laws, and to substitute the Chartist opinions for the
resolutions of repeal, but they were signally de-
feated, though they caused some interruption and
confusion. The meeting is of more importance from
the character of the gentlemen who took an active
part in it than from the unanimity of its proceed-
ings, or from the language used at it.

Our attention has been directed to an article
in Number XIX. of the British and Foreign
Review, in which a luminous account is given of
the tyrannical conduct of the Governments of
Russia, Prussia, and Austria against the free City
of Cracow, and a heart-stirring appeal is made to
England and France in favour of this vet remain-
ing shadow of Polish nationality. Sympathizing
as we do with the unfortunate inhabitants of Cra-
cow, we dare not indulge the hope that this appeal
in their behalf will be productive of any ad-
vantage to them. After the blind infatuation
and cruel indifference of England and France
to the fate of unhappy Poland ; after witnessing
the apathy with which the free governments of the
west regarded the destruction of tht; liberties of
twenty millions of people, by a despot, in compa-
rison with whom HEROD, the slayer of the inno-
cents, was a saint, we despair of any generous at-
tempt being made to restore the liberties of so in
considerable and defenceless a State as that of Cra-
cow. Neither do we see how it is practicable. The
whole population of Cracow amounts only, as
stated in the article before us, to one hundred and
ten.thousand souls, including women and chil-
dren, so that it is liable to be overrun a t
any moment by the troops of one or other of the
Great Northern Powers. The Reviewer says that,
" it is notorious that the principal circumstance
which led to the establishment of this Republic, was
the necessity felt by the Great Powers of maintain-
ing the balance of power, which must have been
destroyed the moment any one became possessed
of Cracow." This, the facts which he adduces of
the joint occupation of the Republic by the three
Powers, for the purpose of destroying its indepen-
dence, proves to be a mistake. Had the existence
of Cracow as a free State been of sue h importance
to Austria, Russia, and Prussia, they would have
upheld, instead of crushing it. But the truth is,
that so little importance has Russia attached to the
existence or the territory of Cracow, that she has
offered to make it over to Austria, on condition
that Prince METTERNICEI will bear the odium of
abolishing all that remains of the free institutions
of that Republic, and of attaching the territory to
the Crown of his Imperial Master. What
alarmed the three Powers was the growth of insti-
tutions in which they plainly discovered the germs
of the future independence of Poland—the resus-
citation.of
.a democracy which they imagined they
had for ever annihilated.

Under these circumstances, we arc constrained to
confess, that we look upon the separate indepen-
dence of Cracow as a free and neutral Republic, as
an impossibility. Standing alone, and in such a
position with respect to the Great Northern Powers,
she would involve us in endless wars to no really
useful purpose. Is Cracow, then, to be delivered
over to be dealt with as the Imperial NERO of the
North may, in the plentitude of his Siberian mercy,
decree ? GOD forbid I There is an excellent
remedy at hand, if the French and English Go-
vernments will only have the virtue to adopt
it. Invoke the sacred independence, the im-
perishable nationality, of blood-stained Poland.
Let the voice of Western Europe thunder in her
ears that she is free, and the very sound will roll
back the tide of Russian despotism. In an instant
Poland will regain her feet, and assuming her rank
among the nations of Europe, will throw her pro-
tecting shield over the now defenceless city of
Cracow. This is the only practicable, as well as
the only mode of interference worthy of England
and France, and lastingly beneficial to Europe.
To uphold the independence of Cracow we must
restore that of Poland. To this great and glorious
nodertaking let every friend of freedom incite the
Governments of England and France.

In a recent number of the Lincoln Gazelle we
find the following intelligence ;
A lecture on J. Thorogood's case was delivered in
the Guildhall on Friday, the 17th January, by our spirited
end intelligent town clerk. R. Paddison, Esq. Perhaps
nothing has excited so much interest since the memorable
church-rate conflict in this sown a few years ago. The
moment the doors of the hall were opened, hundreds of
persons rushed in like a torrent, and in a few minutes filled
every spot in the hall. These were chiefly the working
classes, but there were several also of the middling class
of saciet, several members of the council, and various
isbenting ministers in attendance. The lecturer was un-
avoidably interrupted once or twice for a short time
by the noise occasioned by the effort cf same
hundreds to gain admittance, but who were pre.
vented for want of room. The lecture and the lecturer
were remarkable for their unity ; the speaker seemed in-
spired and ennobled with the dignified principles of civil
and religious liberty which he so ably advocated; and the
many astounding facts elucidatory of the real character of
the State Chtirch, facts authenticated by reference to the
highest authorities, historical and ecclesiastical, as well as
Ithe palpable and all-convincing evidence of her anti-Pro-
testant and anti- Christian character, led us involuntarily
to b.xclaim " What a consummate hypocrite is this true
daughN.'r of the mother of harlots, who can now so impu-
dently aktZ* per mother for those very crimes in which'
she herself riots." The lecture occupied upwards of
two hours.

I There is something in the circumstances nar-
rated in this extract thst impresses us with the idea
that a storm is brewing for the Church greater than
any she has yet encountered. It seems a sort of
warning to the parsons to " set their house in
order." Their doings arc beginning to reach the
hearts and minds of the people, and we would se-
riously advise them to look to the consequences in time,
The persecution of John TMOROGOOD is likely
to turn out one of the worst speculations in which
they ever engaged. It involves so much iniquity of
the most revolting description—so much injustice,
covetousness, cruelty and hypocrisy, that it has only
to be set before the mind in its true colours to
excite the abhorrence of every well-disposed person,
however ignorant or uncultivated, and to create
feelings of aversion and disgust towards the institu-
tion calling itself a Christian Church, which com-
mits acts so repugnant to the spirit of Christianity.
To those, therefore, who regard State-endowed
systems of religion as adverse to the interests of
the Gospel, there could not have happened an event
more auspicious than this revival of the atrocities of
the Inquisition by the Church of England. It is
worth thousands of treatises, though stuffed ever so
full of bigotry and intolerance, for it shows the public
the practice instead of the theory of the art. It
brings their feelings into actual contact with the
victim of Ecclesiastical tyranny. They see him
s7ith their bodily eyes pining away his life in his
datop and lonely dungeon. They know that he has
not only done nothing, to deserve this barbarous
treatment, but that he deserves the esteem of all
good men for his inflexible integrity, nnd of all fre4
men for the sacrifice which he has made in defence of
.freedom of conscience, the birthright of the human
race—that, without which, all our boasted liberty is
but a vain inockery.. Seeing and knowing this,
they require little assistance in drawing the neecs-
sary conclusions--namely, that the religion which
commands its rotaries to practise such barbarity is
not the religion of tbe new Testament, and that the
State Church system is a nuisance which it is the I

duty of all really
to abate.

,0 do tlicir utmost.

The working classes have hitherto been !attic
more than passive with regard to the Church, and
the numerous evils of which it is the parent. In-
difference has been the prevailing state of mind
among the great mass of the people towards the
ecclesiasticel idol which the aristocracy worship.
But that is passing away, and nothing i.. more cal-
culated to hasten its departure, and to rouse the
honest and indignant feelings of the multitude against
one of the greatest engines of oppression ever in-
vented by man, than popular lectures—such as that
delivered at Lincoln—in which the working of the
engine, through its manifold ramifications, may be
set before the public eye, and brought home to the
public heart. To THOROGOOD lectures, therefore,
we wish GOD speed. Wherever there is a Mecha-
nics' Institution Jet there be a Tut OROGOOD lecture.

The Madrid papers received are of the 27th ult
They contain no news of any moment- The convales-
cence of CABRERA was confidently rumoured in the ca-
pital. The elections were proceeding in favour of the
anti-Ministerialists or ultra-Liberal party. On the Stock
Exchange the Five per Cents. closed on the 26th at 26
for cash.

Brussels Papers of the 2d and 3d inst. announce that
Prince ALBERT, who arrived there in company with his
lather on the Ist, met with a splendid reception. Al!
the great Officers of State waited on him to offer him
their congratulations.

BRUSSELS, FEB 4. —The Prince of Saxe Coburg will
set out to-morrow fur Calais, where he will embark for
Dover. The equipages have been sent on board the Soho,
from Antwerp to London.

The whole of the French Journals of Tuesday notice
in laudatory terms that portion of the speech of Sir
ROBERT PEEL on Sir J. Y. BULLER'S motion, which
referred to the expediency of maintaining tha Anglo-
French Alliance. Instead of retorting, they will now
be in a condition to laugh at the Anti-Gallic:ln ravings
of the Tory press. They now find that the BRADSHAW-
rrEs are a miserable faction derided and scorned by all
parties in Parliament, and laughed at out of it.
The Mouiteur of Tuesday contains an account of
some slight skirmishes in Africa, in consequence of a
body of 1,500 Arabs having crossed the Cliffs, and ap•
preached Mered, when they were repulsed with some
trifling loss. The details are unimportant,
It is understood in Paris that M GUIZOT will be
raised to the Peerage before setting out as Ambassador
to the Court of London.

A letter from Irun in the French Journals states that
oa the 28th ult. 1.-;0 soldiers of the British garrison at
Passages sailed for England, and that the remainder of
the garrison were expected soon to evacuate that for-
tress by direction of the British Government.
Prince ALBERT had not arrived at Calais at one
o'clock yesterday, but was momentarily expected. It,
stead of landing at Dover he will proceed to Woolwich,
where preparations are made for the fitting reception of
his Serene Highness.
BOURSE. —.3Akis, TUESDAY, FEB. 4.

first Higeest Lowest Last
Price Price. Price. Price
. reach 3 per Cents ll2 75 ... 112 80 ... 112 70 ... 1 2 75
4 per Cents
3 per Cents Bl :f5 • 31 35 ... 81 25 ... 81 25
Bank of trance 3lOO _3160 ...3155 —.3155
Lattizte Bank I,ooot. Sh —.1050 ...1. 50
_ _

5,1100 f. Sh 5180 —.51,0 ...5I SO —.5180
Belgian 5 per Cents lO3 /Os 102 A ... lir2N
Ban 9,7 5'.27 i3O 9:25 025
3 per Cents 7O 83 70 80 70 80 ... 70 SO
I),ltch 2% per Cents 5 ; 53 53.,

Si..ii.ish 'Ai:ave. 27!,‘ ... 27y1i ... 2, !.‘ ... 274
Passive 6% ... 61. ... 6i, ... 61i
Neapolitan
Roman lO-.17;,„. 103 ... 10211 ... li3
....

• RA IL WAY'S l-iik itE••,. - '-
Versailles, /t, B 507 5 , ... 5.5 73 ... 507 50 ... 507 so
LB 307 30 ~.:;7U ... 361 25 ... 3fil 25
Mulhausen to Thann..
StrAsburg to 8a1e... ..
ASP ....... AND BITUMENS.
l'arn (Maberly's) .......

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY

HUNGERFORD MARKET.

COURT CIR.CULAR.

A good business done and a lair attendance The Vegetable
Market has improved, and prices lower. Fish scarce and firm.
Turbot Bs. to 355. Cod ss. to 21s. Soles Is. to 53. per pair.
Lobsters Is. to 4s. Beef 7d. to Bid. per lb. Mutton 71d.
to Sid. Veal Bd. to 9d. Pork 7tl. to Bid.
BILLINGSGATE MARKET.
The supplies were short, good Fish was very dear. Cod,
2s. to 20s. ; Turbot, Bs. to 355. each; Whiting, 6d. to Is.;
Haddock, Is. to 2s. 6d. ; Soles, 10d. to 4s. per pair; Lobsters,
Is. to ss. ; Oysters, 20s. to 60s. per bushel.
HAY MARKET.
The supplies were moderate, but the demand was good.
Prices stationary. Hay 50s. to B..is ; Clover 60s. to 115 s. ;
Straw 303. to 40s. per load.
WOOL MARKET.

Vi count Melbourne had an audience yitstadi.c.)
the Queen.

The Royal dinner party at Buckingham Palace last
evening, included the Earl of Uxbridge, the Right Hon.
George Stevens Byug, Hon. William Cowper, and
Colonel Cowper.
The Duke of Sussex and Prince George of Cam-
bridge, visited the Princess Augusta yesterday,
Clarence House, St. James's.
The Du:thess of Cambridge visited the Duchess of
Gloucester yesterday, at Gloucester House.
Lord Hill had an interview with Viscount Melbourne
yesterday, at his official residence in Downing-street.
The Lord Steward gives a,full dress dinner party on
Monday next, at the Clarendon Hotel, to the Gentle-
men Ushers of her Majesty's Household, in honour of
her INl+sty's nuptials,
Viscount Palmerston gave a dinner to the Cabinet
Ministers last evening, at his residence in Carlton-
house Terrace.

There was more briskness, and the fine sorts of Colonial
were about five per cent. dearer than last sale. Other descrip-
tions unvaried. The public sales, it is expected, will be over on
Saturday.

Mr. F. French, Mr. Young, and Mr. B. Wood had
interviews with Lord John Russell yesterday, at the
Colonial Office.

Viscount Palmerston will give a grand full dress
dinner in honour of the Queen's nuptials, on Monday
next, at his residence in Carlton Terrace.
Mr. Mostyn had an interview with the Marquis of
Normanby yesterday, at the Home Office.
The Marquis of Lansdowne will have a grand dinner
party on Monday, the 10th inst., at Lansdowne House.
The Baroness de Moncorvo, lady of the Portuguese
Minister, lies most dangerously ill, since Monday night,
after her accouchement on Sunday the 2d instant.

The following notice was issued yesterday ;--
" LORD CHAMBERLAIN'S OFFICE, FEB. 5 1840._
Notice is hereby given that all persons with tickets of
admission to the Colonnade, the Guard-room, the Pre-
sence Chamber, and Queen Anne's Room, in St.
James's Palace, on Monday next, the 10th instant, are
to appear in full dress ; the ladies without plumes ; and
no person can be admitted after eleven o'clock."

LLOYD'S SHIPPING-(TillS DAY.)

DEAL, FEB. 5. —Wind W.N. W.—Arrived the Glenalvon
Marshall, from Singapore ; Ariel, Austin, Mauritius ; Stork
Bahia.

PORTSMOUTH, FEB. s.—Wind N.W. to N.N.W., fresh
gales and squally.
LivzarooL, FEB. s.—Fresh breezer, from the Northward.—
Arrived Romulus, Grayson, from Laguna; Isaac Merton,
Terry, Parthenon ; Woodbury, and Rialto, Holmes, New Or-
leans ; John Campbell, St. Andrew's, New Brunswick ; Pro-
vincialist, Paul, ditto ; Ivanhoe, Gibson, Trieste. Off port,
the Viana, from Messina. The John Bolton and Gussypuim,
both from this port, were on the bar of the Mississippi on the
28th December. A brig, about 300 tons, distrusted and aban-
doned, was seen on the 30th ult. in lat. 49, long. 20, by the
Parthenon, Woodbury, art ived here.
FALMOUTH, FEB. 4.—lt has blown a terrific gale from the
Southward, varying this morning to the N.W., and continues,
(9 r.M.) with great violence.
MILFORD, FEB. 4.—lt blew very hard yesterday at S.E.,
and has increased to-day to a hurricane from the N.W.—The
Indiana, from Calcutta, on shore in Freshwater Bay, has gone
to pieces.
I.I3IBRICx, FEB. 3.—The Union (schooner), of Cork, dis-
masted and in tow of some pilot-boat, was spoken by the
Alarm, Harrington, arrived here.
WATERFORD, FEB. 2.—The Dove, Fitzgerald, and the
Williaai, Williams, have come up to discharge.
KINGSTOWN, FEB. 4. —lt blew a violent gale last night,
commencing at S.W., and went round the compass.
PORTSMOUTH, FEB. s.—Her Majesty's ship Blenheim has
received permission from the Lords of the Admiralty to receive
specie or freight for the coasts of China, touching at Singa-
pore She will sail the first favourable opportunity.
PLYMOUTH, FEB. s.—The Four Brothers, on shore at Bat-
tin Point, went to pieces last night. A large ship, under jary-
masts, passed up Channel yesterday. It continues to blow
heavy gales, with a tremendous sea running in the Channel.
CowEs, FEB. s.—The Caroline, Bullcraig, from America to
Berwick, which put in here leaky, has come into the harbour.
The Caroline, (Russian ship) and the Dash, White, from Lon-
don to Algoa Bay, got in contact last night, during a heavy
gale from the westward, the former had her quarter stove in, and
the latter cutwater damaged. They have both come into the
harbour.

The following is a copy of a letter received at Lloyd's, from
the Purser of her Majesty's ship Blenheim, addressed to Wm.
Dobson, Esq., dated her Majesty's ship Blenheim, Spithesd,
sth of Feb., 1840 .

" Sir,--I beg to inclose to you, for the information of the
merchants at Lloyd's, a copy of a letter received from my Lords
Commissioners of the Admiralty, granting permission to Sir
H. D. Fleming Senhouse, Knt., K. C. H., Captain of her Ma-
jesty's ship Blenheim, to take on board any specie which mer-
chants may wish to send to the coasts of China, touching at
Singapore. The Blenheim will sail the first favourable oppor-
tunity. " I am, Sir, your very obedient Servant,
(Signed) "RICH. M. WHICHELO, Purser."

Copy of Letter referred to, dated
Admiralty, Feb. 3, 1840.
Stre,—l am commanded by my Lords Commissioners of
the Admiralty to acquaint you that you have permission to take
on board the Blenheim any specie which merchants may wish
to send to the coasts of China, as she will have orders to pro-
ceed thither touching at Singapore.—l am, Sir
_ _

Your mist obedient. humble servant,
(Signed) JOHN BARROW.
Capt. Sir J F. Senhouse, her Majesty's ship Blenheim.

VESSELS SPOKEN WITH.—The Eilza, Haywood, from Cal-
cutta to Demerara ; the Catherine (with troops,) bound to
Bombay, Dec. 18, lat. 18, N., long., 21, W., by the Vigilant,
late Walton, arrived at Plymouth ; the Mary El.zabeth, Liver-
pool to China, with loss of topmasts, lat. 36, N., long. 17, W.
London from Batavia, Dec. 26, lat. 3, N., long. 22; John
Dryden, 3d ult., lat. 14, long. 22, by the packet Sterling,
arrived off Margate ; Mary Ann of Newport, 13th ult , of
Tarifa, by the Baronet, Wyld, arrived in the Clyde; William
of Kirkaldy, for Ancona, 13th ult., off Cape St. Vincent ;
Princess Victoria, for Liverpool, and Adventure, for Fal.
met.th, both from Marseilles, 12th ult., in the Straits
of Gibralter, by the Woodman, Kelso, and in the
Clyde ; Caureen, Adessa to London, Dec. 24. off Elvgo ;
Marry, Stirry, bound to Constantinople, 14th ult., off
Ada, by the George Reid, Amlot, arrived in the Creek; a
barque, supposed the Eliza Ann, of Poole, from Newfoundland
to Pernambucco, lat. 6 S., lon. 32 W., by the Guernsey;
Lily, arrived at Falmouth ; Campo-Bello, Messina to London,
16th ult., lat. 40, lon. 11 ; Goshawk, Willey, Cape of Gucd
Hope to Mauritius, 9th Dec. ; Ivanhoe, of Liverpool, 21st ult.,
off Cape St. Vincent, and Guaar, of Leith, 30th, lat. 45, lon.
9, by tha Daniel Wheeler, arrived at Falmouth ; Glencairn,
Rowe, Newcastle to Marseilles, 19th ult., lat. 40, lon. 11, by
the Lady Bassett, arrived in the Clyde ; Chatham, Newcastle
to Marseilles, Bth ult., off Alicant, by the Margaret, Craig,
arrived in the Clyde.

r

Tf!!," SUN. LONDON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6,1P40

THE CHURCHMAN.
Painter, Strand.

LTTERAT z 7

BRITISH AND FOREIGN RE ti W.—No. 19.
Taylor, London, 1640.

There are several interesting articles in this pe-
riodical, hut that which will be the most generally
acceptable, is the review of " The Duke of Wel-
lington's Dispatches," which were published a yi•ar
or two ago by Colonel Gurwood. lii this revie,,,
which speaks in terms of high eulogium—but not
undeservedly so—of his Grace's character as a war-
rior and a man, occur one or two anecdotes, which,
as we do not remember to have met with them be•
F fore, we shall here subjoin. The first refers to the
period of his school-days, and the information is
derived from a school-fellow, whose accuracy, the
Reviewer assures us, may be relied on :-
4. When about ten years old, his Grace was under the
tuition of the Rev. W. Gower, at Chelsea His health
was indifferent, but improved as he grew up. Those occa-
sional attacks of illness produced an indolent and careless
manner, and often a great degree of heaviness. Unlike
boys of his age, he was never seen to play, but generally
• came lagging out of the school-room into the play-ground.
In the centre of it was a large walnut-tree, against which
he used to lounge and lean, observing his school-fellows,
who were playing a variety of games around him. If any
boy played unfairly the game he was engaged in, Arthur
quickly gave intelligence to those engaged in the game ;
on the delinquent being turned out, it was generally
wished that he should supply his place, but nothing could
induce him to do so ; and when beset by a party of five or
six, he would fight with the utmost courage and determi-
nation until he freed himself from their grasp ; he would
then retire again to his tree, and look about him, as quiet,
dejected, and observant as he had been before."
The next anecdote refers to that triumphant
period when the ailing and dejected Chelsea school-
boy, after having rescued the Peninsula from the
iron fangs of Napoleon, had established peace in
Europe by the crowning victory of Waterloo. The
exact date of the anecdote is just previous to
Marshal Ney's execution. The Duke was in
Paris, and as Commander-in-Chief of the Allied
Armies of Occupation in France, was frequently in
communication with Louis the Eighteenth:—
" About this period the manner of the King of France to
his Grace induced him to observe it more closely. Being
summoned to attend the investiture of the Duke de
Berri with the Order of the Fleece, his Grace walked up
and bowed to the King, who deliberately turned his back
upon him. The Duke• with his characteristic caution, de-
termined to prove whether the act was accidental of
premeditated, and going round, again faced the King,
and again bowed. The Monarch repeated the insult, on
which his Grace instantly left the palace, with the deter-
mination never to re-enter it. The bearing of the courtiers
was equally marked, showing that this conduct had been
contemplated. Three weeks elapsed, and the Duke did
not re-appear at Court. The Comte d'Artois one evening
called on him, and began by observing that he had not
been at the Tuilleries. The Duke instantly replied that it
was his intention not to go there again. The Comte
trusted that the apparent manner of the King would not
have such an effect, as it was done in a moment of irrita-
tion. His Grace replied in effect, Sir, circumstances
have, these last eighteen months, placed me, an English
gentleman, in constant communication with Emperors and
Kings, and I never before received an insult, or would
suffer it to pass unnoticed. The King of France knows
thet I have placed him on his throne; he knows, too, that
I hold a high and responsible position as Commander-in-
Chiet of the armies here, which, if withdrawn, would
leave him in a condition which it would be unnecessary to
detail. I will never again, Sir, enter the palace of the
Tuilleries.' The Conte d'Artois burst into tears and said,
you have been insulted, but forgive us—pardon us, it
shall never again occur.' His Grace rejoined, 'as an
English gentleman, I can never re-enter the palace.' That
same evening the King sent to beg his attendance ; he
accordingly went, and was most graciously received, amid
all the courtiers were most obsequious. After the Duke
had retired, the King turned to the Duke de Dumas, and
said, you see the Marshal has made me the ainende
honorable.' The anecdote has been related by the Duke
de Dumas, and was made known to the Duke of Welling-
ton many years after, who expressed no surprize at it, as
he probably knew the character of the King."
" The Poetical Works of Shelley" is an analytical
criticism on the poems of this mystical writer,
whose productions are quite as much praised as
they deserve to be. Perhaps, indeed, they are
somewhat overrated. Notwithstanding his un-
doubted genius, Shelley's imagination was always
in the-Clouds ; and it is given to the select FeN only
to extract a meaning from his most dreamy flights.
We ourselves are content to rank among the igno-
rant Many. " Popular Literature of the Day"
speaks in terms, rather contumelious than other•
wise, of some of those works of fiction which of
late have obtained such extensive popularity. " As
regards original creations,,, observes the Reviewer,
" we are living in a time of all but barrenness, witl
only here and there a glimpse of true poetry, to re
mind us that we have produced Miltons and Shak

speares—with but a scattered essay or sermon, to
stand in place of the noble testimonies uttered by

the philosophers and divines of old." In the article
headed " Practical Measures for the Education of

the People," several sound and serviceable sugges

tions are put forward ; but too much stress, wt

think, is laid upon the disposition of the Chu►ch tr

promote the cause of education in fitting spirit.
The Reviewer justly observes that there is a great

want of efficient teachers, and that to meet this

want, our present means are glaringly inefficient.
Of the remaining articles, the best is that whicl,

discusses at some length the Irish policy of the
Whigs.

This Magazine (which we believe is sometimes con-
bonded with the Church Magazine (noted for its abuse
of the Wesleyans) is a strenuous supporter of the Churc}
of England. We could wish to see it display a more
moderate and charitable spirit towards those sects o
Christians who are not of its communion. At the sam,
time, we arc bound to say that the matter which ap.
pears in the leading part of the Magazine, however
mawk:sh it may he, is not half so objectionable on th,
ground of intoleranae as the contributions of its cor-
respondents, among whom Dr. Rudge, Rector of
llawksworth (how did he attain that dignity ?) stands
eminently conspicuous for wilful and dishonest misre-
presentation, In the last number of this periodical, the
Reverend Gentleman asserted that the Catholic laity
were not permitted to read the Scriptures, and he re-
iterates the charge in the present. Now it is a noto-
rious falsehood, and to none more notorious than to tae
holy and reverend person who so pertinaciously brings it
forward. It may suit Dr. Rudge's purpose to pretend
to think himself warranted in making this calumnious
assertion by what he finds in the acts of the Council of
Trent. But that will not do with honest men. If the
Catholics of the present day are accused of certain prac-
ticosi we expect the proof to be brought from the present
day also. It is hardly a fair or legitimate mode of
reasoning to say, ", You are guilty of such and such
nets now, and I will prove it from records three hun-
dred years old." We are, however, quite of this gon-
tleman's opinion, that " all restrictions whatsoever (the
italics are his own) should be regarded in no other
light but as criminal and offensive," and therefore it is
that we deprecate the conduct of the Church a Eng.
land in restricting, by her monopoly, the circulation of
the Scriptures. There is nothing like condemning a
man out of his own ronuth, Again, with respect to
tradition, agalust which he rails so lustily, the Doctor
forgets that, without tradition, the " Apostolical S.
cession" would be in some little dangers and even the
authenticity of the New Testament itself,,for we sus-
pect Dr. Rudge cannot produce the autograph of the
Apostles—,would not he very easily maintained.

THE CHRISTIAN REFOIdIER.
Sherwood and co.
There are many intC'costing papers in the present
number. The first that attracted our attention is
an admirable memoir of the late Dr. Butler, Bishop
of Lichfield. It is evidently the effusion of a friend,
and one who is able to appreciate and describe the
deceased Prelate's merits. As it would hardly be doing
justice either to the writer or to the character of the
Subject qt the memoir 'o give a portion of it, and, as
we are at present precluded, by want of space, from in-
inserting it entire, we must content ourselves, for the
present at least, with the above general notice. In
" Three Vnitarian Portraits, drawn by the hand of a
Church of England Man," we have the pleasing exhibi-
tion of another able and liberal Minister of the Esta-
blishment. He is thus introduced, and we think we can
