LONDON UNIVERSITY'S CHARTER.

Mr.POTTER presented a petition from the Unitarian congre.
gation in Greengate, Manchester, praying that either the barrier
to the admissions of the youths of dissenters into the Univer-
sities of Oxford and Cambridge, consisting in the 39 articles,
might be removed, or that an address might be presented to
his Majesty, praying that a charter might be granted to the
London University. He was happy to find that the Hon.
Member for Truro had given notice for a motion for such an
address to be presented to his Majesty. He understood that
a charter to the London University had been all but pre-
pared ; that the fees for it, amounting to 2681. had been
all but paid some months ago, and that even
the King's signature had been affixed to it, but that
still from some cause or other it had not yet been granted.
He trusted that much more delay would not be allowed to take
place before it was granted, as he most cordially concurred in
the prayer of the petition.

Mr. TOOKE said he was happy to state, that from the en-
couragement he had received he was induced to entertain
great confidence, that when (on the 4th July) he brought for-
ward his motion respecting the London University, he would
receive the support of the House.

Mr. STRICKLAND presented a petition from Melburn, in
Derbyshire, for the immediate abolition of slavery, and that the
slaves might not be compelled to work out their emancipation
by apprenticeship. The Hon. Member said it could not fail to
be a source of great consolation to the petitioners, to find that
Government had conceded that to which the latter part of this
petition referred. The Hon. Member presented a petition
from nine parishes in Yorkshire, praying that they might have
resident clergymen appointed to them. He (Mr. Strickland)
hoped most sincerely, that when any thing was done by the
Legislature for the better regulation of the affairs of the
Church of England, Government would not fail to introduce a
clause, giving to large and populous parishes resident Clergy.
men.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. CHAPMAN presented a petition from Lisburn, praying
that some other law might be substituted for the present cri-
minal code.

Mr. TENNYSON presented a petition fiom an individual,
praying for vote by ballot, triennial Parliaments, and the
exclusion of placetnen from the House. He (Mr. T.) was
astonished that a notice on this subject, which had been given
long ago by an Hon. Member opposite (Mr. Wilks), htgeen
postponed from time to time for so long a period. It was a
most important subject—(Hear, hear)—and became more so
at this moment when a dissolution of Pat liament was talked of
as extremely probable. Ile, however, was determined to take
the opinion of the House upon it on the 2d of July, when he
intended to move a call of the House, that no Member might
afterwards say he had not had an opportunity of giving his vote
on the occasion.

Major BEAUCLERK said he came into that House with
the greatest hopes on the subject of triennial Parliameuts ; he
knew that the great body of the people were deeply impressed
with its necessity; they had a very strong feeling upon the
a abject, which he had no doubt had been very much increased
by the conduct pursued by that House.—(Hear, hear.) The
people were most anxious to have the measure ; and he begged
to return his most sincere thanks to the Hon. Member for
Lambeth for the notice he had given.
Mr. COBBEVr and Mr. WILLS rose together ; the former
gave way, and

Mr. WILKS said, he did not agrce with the Hon. Member
for Surrey, that the public had a right to complain of the conduct
of that House. It had paid as much'attention to public business,
and had goneon with as much expedition with measures of the
very utmost importance as any enlightened constituency could
possibly desire. He did not think that the question of trien-
nial Parliaments was one of such an urgent nature as would
have justified him in forcing it on the attention of the House
at that late period of the session. He thought, in pursuing the
course he had done, he had best consulted the interests of the
public, for the question could not now receive that serious and
attentive discussion as it would do at the beginning of the
next session, and which it required from its vast import-
ance.—(Hear, hear.) It was under those circumstances that
he had deferred the motion, following the example of many
Hon. Members ; but when the question was brought on by the
Hon. Member, he should not only have his (Mr. W.'s) vote,
but all the assistance it was in his power to give him.
Major BEAUCLERK explained. He meant that the
public had expected most rigid measures of economy from that
House, and it was in that they were disappointed.
Mr. COBBETT—The Hon. Member for Boston had brought
forward the question of triennial Parliaments last session.
The Hon. Alderman (Wood) had been directed to give notice
for a motion of that nature on the first day of the session, but
he apologized for not doing so, because the Hon. Member
Member for Boston claimed priority, as it had been in his
hands before. So that the question was to be kicked about in
that way, and never be brought on at all. He (Mr. C) was
very much obliged to the Hon. Member for Lambeth, and he
hoped he would persevere in his call of the House, and show
who those were that wished to sit there for seven years if the
King would let them, and also those who were willing, or not
afraid, to go back to their constituents at the end of three years.

Mr FINN said, there was no doubt but that triennial
Parliaments would be most desirable, but he really be-
lieved that it was not of much importance at the
present moment, for he believed that that Parliament would
not sit two years, if it even did so for one.—(Hear, hear.)
The Hon. Member for Surrey seemed to forget the atrocious
conduct of that House with regard to Ireland.—(Hear, hear.)
That part of its conduct had not much conciliated the
favour of the public ; then the flippant manner in which they
had voted away twenty millions the other night, adding to the
burdens of the already overburdened people, would also
be borne in mind.—(Hear, hear.) It was really most as.
tonishing to see the manner in which that vote had been
supported, when it was remembered the pledges of economy
that many of the Members had given on the hustings.—
(Hear, hear.) He had seen but little to approve of in
the conduct of his Majesty's Ministers—their new mode
of settling the tithe question in Ireland by taking the burden
from the man who owed it, and placing it on the shoulders of
another, might give peace for a time, bnt nothing would do but
laying the axe to the root. The church in Ireland must be
put an end to before any but a temporary peace would
be established in that country.—(Hear, hear.) Then as
to the question of pledges, they had been much repudiated
in that House. It was said that no man who was pledged was
an independent man, and that, too, by men who themselves
made pledges while on the hustings. He denied such
doctrine; were Members sent to that House to represent
their own opinions ? he would say no, but to represent those
of their constituents. The people had a right to exact
pledges from all candidates, and if he had a vote he would
not give it to any one who did not fully state his opinions upon
all great questions, and that was all that pledging was.
Colonel EVANS thought that so far from its being
inexpedient to bring on the question of Triennial Parlia-
ments at the present time, it was most necessary that it
should be settled, if, as many said, they were on the eve of dig-
solution.—(Hear, hear.) It was most extraordinary to
see how many Members had acted on late occasions,
considering the manner in which they had pledged themselves
on the hustings.

Mr. F. O'CONNOR said the only difference seemed to be
what gentlemen denominated the public. The Hon. Member
for Boston seemed to apply that term only to the supporters of
Government, and not to the great body of the people out of
doors. (Hear, hear, hear.) He was most thankful
to the Hon. Member for Lambeth for forcing on the question.
He was glad to see the Attorney-General present, as he had
for some time wished to ask him some questions respecting
the prosecutions of the press, especially that of the True Sun.
—(Hear, hear, hear.) He had looked at the file of the
paper, and he found that, when the great question of Reform
was under consideration there were much more violent articles
inserted that► the one now under prosecution, He wished to
