SPURIOrN TEA, COFFEE, &c.

DUBLIN, SEPT. 7.—On Mond sy last Mr. Ed-
ward Ellis, Excise Officer, aided by Mr. John.
Mahony, proceedrd, attended by two constables,
to the hooks of Hobert Conte and Andrew Sal-
livan, on the lands of Rothenane, in the palish
of Kilctimmin, about 5 miles from Killarney, and
in each house seized considerable quantities of spu-
rious tea, coffee, and pepper; and at Coote's the en-
tire apparatus, leave,, vot,drying-plates,Stc. used its
this poisonous trade. A mob having assembled
at Coote's, he refused to go prisoner, and it was
necessary for Mr. Ellis to proceed in great haste
to Ross Castle for military aid. Before his re-
turn with a party of the 49th regiment, Conte
had been rescued after a severe conflict, in which
Mr. Mahony and Constant Sullivan, a constable,
were both severely wounded. Coate, on his
rescue, bloke the apparatus, and scattered the
tea, coffee, &c. in the dirt, and then went off.
Search was made for him, with the assistance of
the military, but without eflect.—(Cork Paper )
An order has been received by the Collector of
Excise in this city, directing the most diligent
search to be made by all Officers of that deport-
ment in detecting such spurious compositions a%
may he offered for sale under the denomination of
tea, there being good reason to suppose that its
transit through the country was carried :0 a very
great extent.—(Limerick Chronicle )

MAN, SEPT. 3.—Since Saturday last, we have
the pleasure of seeing at our market a constant
and large supply of new oatmeal ; it is of a good
quality, and, in consequence, has reduced the price
of the old materially. We hear much of the
deficiency of the present crop of oats ; but
it is only from dissatisfied persons, who will
not be content unless they see what will sa-
tisfy their avaricious minds. From what we daily
see and learn front candid persons, a finer or a
more plentiful season never presented itselt to the
people. The potatoes, which is the chief consump-
tion of our pour, is so bountiful and excellent a
crop, that even if the oats was thin in the ground,
it would make more than amends, and bear out
any apprehensions or complaints that may he now
or hereafter entertained. The only, and, we will
say., true argument we can adduce in support of
this statement is, the good daily brought
into market and the great reduction in price.—
Butcher's meat is the only article bearing up the
price.—(Tuant Gazelle)

OLD BATLEY.

CHARGE OF CHILD MURDER.—Thi.4 morning.
Mr. Hiroo GRAHAM, \lr. Joitiee BalLtcv, and
Mr. Justice ButtftouGHs, having taken tOtir seats,
Sarah Clapp was pot to the Kir, chEirgeti, on
the ‘varrdot of the Coroner, ‘viih t:)e

murder of her own feniA:e Mayer,
io whose house the prisoner lo;:ed, siated the
circumstances as they have_ recently a!,peared in
our • Police and Imin:st Reports. Mr. Baron
GRAIIAM summed tip the evidenre At much length.
Atter a short del.heration, the Juty 'returned 4
terltiet of Not Guilty.— Hie piisoner, a very
yoling woman, anpearcd extremely ill, and was
accommodated with a chair.

Mr. STUBBERSFIELD, of Stroud, in bent,
hered a Frvneh codling a few days ago, in his
garden, which measured fourteen ioebes in eir.
cu►nterence, and weightd ratittr LLIOLC titan out

PROVINCIAL JOURNALS.

(Front The Royal Corn,i'.,ll Gazette, Sept. 5.)

The Note transmitted by Spain to the Allied
Sovereigns, on the subject of her dispute with her
Colonies, has called forth the most acrimonious
invectives from those by whom all legitimate au-
thority is qualified with the appellations of ty-
1--uv awl despotism, and by whom all resistance
1" it is as,-med to manifest a hatred of slavery
furl a Spirit or ',,,dependence. It any thing can
equal the impudence 05 these writers, whose inge-
nuity is incessantly exercised in the perversion of
hi•torical facts and in confounding the terms of
it is the dogmatism which they gene-
r.Alty display in their scurrilous diatribes. Thus,
in the democratic print of a neighbouring county,
we are toll, in reference to the Spanish Insurgents
in America, that " the question at issue lies be-
t weep a despot and his former slaves—between
the conquerors and the conquered, who have re-
solved to- he free—between usurped power and
the people's rights"—that " the right of Spain
to the Colonies is founded on the sword,"—and
.that "every attempt of the King of Spain to regain
the country is an attack on the just rights of man-
kind."—lt has been well observed that the un-
questionable right of Spain to the Provinces which
she claims in America can be denied by those only
•who would unsettle the rights of every throne in
the world. She conquered them in the first In-
stance ; she has colonized them ; her blood has
beet shed and her treasure expended in their de-
fence, and they have grown up to strength and
maturity tinder her dominion. NVIto now shall
require her to relinquish her claims to their al-
legiance ? A few daring adventurers, who hope
to raise themselves to distinction by the over-
throw of the legitimate Government ; and a few
vurtobed spirits here, who would rejoice to see
the game of 'anarchy introduced into their own
country._

As little can the right of Ferdinand VII. to
.solieit the mediation and interference of his Allies
he- disputed ; but whether it may he politic in
either to resort to those measures of vigour, for
the reduction of the revolted provinces, to whirl►
filhlFloll is made in the Note, we, for our parts,
ale strongly disposed to question. How any of
the. Continental Powers of Europe can interpose
in the quarrel with benefit to Spain,except through
the way of mediation, we cannot discover. Great
Britain is the only state whose naval resources
enable her to afford effective assistance ; but we
trust that the severe lesson which she received in
the attempt to reduce her own rebellious Colo-
nies, will make her rulers pause before they com-
mit the country in a new contest on so remote a
theatre, where the climate and disease would
prove potent auxiliaries to the enemy, and where
the chances of t►ltitnwe success most depend on
circumstances that baffle all human prudence and
precaution. A protracted and most expensive
warfare would be the only result that could with
confidence be calculated upon. Is there tint
moreover just reason to apprehend that the Al-
lies, so far from serving the cause of Old Spain,
a union ot their forces to reduce the Colonies
into submission, would merely produce an amal-
gamation of those jarring interests which have
Hi heti° proved the-greatest. obstacles to the esta-
blishment of their independence ? Might they
Inn awaken the same universal spirit of deter-
Mined resistance which 'mist forth in France in
the early period of her Revolution, which enabled
her to defy for so many years the coti►hinerl efforts
of Europe, and gave birth to the military ambi-
tion that has drenched every country of the Con-
from the shores of the Tagus to the banks
of the Mosk wa, with native gore ? The cation has
too lately begun to taste the blessings of peace,
to consent to have the cup dashed so soon troth
its lips, for the purpose of engaging in a quarrel
wholly foreign to its interests.
Same of our contemporaries have ventured to
assert that his Majesty's Ministers would most
willingly unite in a crusade for the subjection of
the Spanish Colonies, were they not withheld by
the public opinion and the state of our finances.
They pretend to-draw this inference from their
conduct towards the Spanish Patriots and the
deceived and enslaved people of Italy and other
countries," and assure us, that " the despots of
the Continent would readily put the finishing hand
to the good work of forcing on SMith America
the detestable yoke of Spain and the Inquisition."
At the same time these writers well know, that if
England has lavished her blond and treasure, it
has not been for the purpose. of forcing a yoke
upota the necks of any people, but to preserve
them front those fetters which the oppressor of
mankind would have imposed upon every nation
that had the spirit to resist his unprincipled usur-
pations. For this generous object, her fleets and
her armies were dispatched to Spain and Italy,
and when their valour had restored to indepen-
dence the countries whose battles they went forth
to fight, they quitted them without farther inter-
fering in the affairs of their internal administra-
tion. We defy the journalists who have the har-
dihood to advance such charges, to adduce one
single act either of our own Government, or of
the Sovereigns in alliance with Great Britain, be-
traying the remotest inclination to interfere in the
.present contest between Spain and her refractory
Colonies. Desperate indeed must be the cause
which has need to resort to such expedients, such
palpable violations of historical truth, to keep
dive the expiring embers of discontent.
By accounts received during the past week from
America we learn, that the relations between
Spain and the United States ,are likely to be far-
ther embarrassed by the conduct of the adherents
of littonaparte to whom the former afforded an
sayhon. These worthy disciples of the Jacobin
School, spurning the idea of being the subjects
in any Stare, have sold the lands that bad been
ceded to them by tl►e American Government, and,
pursuing the Spencean plan, have seized a district
of the province of Texas, to which both Spain
end the United States are said to lay claim, and
oieh the ioaadeti pretend to hold in full sove-
ieignty. It is not improbable that this enterprize
nay have been undertaken with the connivance
ot the latter Government, if not with a view of
annoying the Spanish possessions, at least with
tile hope of getting rid of guests who were likely
to prove troublesome to itself.

SPANISH PATRIOTS.

EXTRACT ()IF' A LETTER FROM TRISIDAI3, JULY 16.

" By the best information I have been able to
procure since my arrival here, the Patriots are
getting on in a very uncertain way, awl seem des-
titute of those funds and resources which are really
requisite for carrying on the contest ; they have
been partially successful, hat at present want arms,
men, aumatinitiou, anti money. Bolivar has been
appointed to the civil administration of affairs,
and has been succeeded by Paez, a man of tried
courage and some -abilities, but of no education.
They wish to hold what they have, but the native
Spaniards are not to be depended on. The fol-
lowers of the army are three times more numerous
than those actually fighting, a circumstance that
may give you some idea of their patriotism, and
plunder seems their chief object. Poor M`Donald
fell a sacrifice from foolishly exposing his bag-
gage, although some people say he was killed by
Indians ; many here know that sonic straggling
Patriots took his life, tempted by his baggage
An Officer is going to England to raise a regi-
ment at 300 dollars each man, a measure that
probably will not be permitted by the English
Government. If the nations of South America
are not able to cope for their independence against
the miserable force opposed to them, they are not
deserving of the blessings attending a free Go-
verntneui. The Patriot army is at present com-
posed of blacks and people of colour, hut it is
reported that 2,500 whites are on their way from
New Granada ; my opinion is, that 2000 British
troops would march from one end or the country
to the other. There never was a cause where so
much depended on the natives, and so little exer-
tion was made by them ; there are many men of
ambition among them, but none of abilities sta.
cieneto govern ; they wish to make every depart=
went English, and that in the end may injure the
cause. M`Gregor is much wanted, and might be
of great service. The British Officers engaged in
their last two battles lost nothing of their chat acs
,ter as soldiers. I wish to join the patriot cause,
but am told it is of no use going for the Main
unless I take men ! How is an Officer coining
from England to procure men ? The idea is ab-
surd. It appears, therefore, that if the independ-
ence of South America is not obtained by them-
selves, they must return to their original objec-
tion."
