HOUSE OF COMMONS, FEBRUARY 4.

The SPEAKER took the Chair precisely at Three o'clock;
when several new Members took the oaths and their seats.
Several private Bills were brought in and read a first
time.

Sir J. NEWPORT presented a petition from the Cham-
ber of Commerce at Waterford, praying for a repeal of the
duty on sea-borne coals. The Right Honourable
Member then presented another petition from the same
place, signed by 400 persons who were present at a meet-
ing convened by the Mayor, for the purpose of petitioning
for a Reform in Parliament and vote by ballot. He
(Sir J. Newport) fully concurred in the propriety of Re-
form ; he had been of that opinion from the first day he
took bis seat in the House, and every succeeding day had
confirmed his opinion of the absolute necessity of the
measure; for, he would say, unless it were carried,
the country could not expect to derive any real benefit.
With respect to the vote by ballot, he would not say that
he was decidedly opposed to it, but he must confess that
he had not made up his mind as to its propriety.
The petition was brought up and read,
On moving that it be printed, the Right Hon. Baronet
stated that in a few days he should have to present a simi-
lar petition from the corporation of Waterford under its
seal, which would show that in the city which he had the
honour to represent there existed no difference of opinion
on this important subjeet.—The petition was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. LITTLETON presented a petition from Walsall,

Staffordshire, praying for reduction of taxation generally,
but more particularly for the reduction of the duty
on newspaper stamps, and also for an extensive plan of
Reform and retrenchment. The Hon. Member said the
petition had his most hearty support, particularly that part
of it which prayed for a reduction of the stamps on
newspapers, as that was the only medium through which
the people could derive information.
Mr. HART DAVIS presented a petition from Bris-
tol, praying for a reduction on sea-borne coals; and
another for the abolition of slavery.
