be iit'i+

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 21, 1835.

A Council is to be held to-day at Brighton. A
report prevails that the office of LORD CHANCELLOR
will be filled up, subject to the new arrangement, in
contemplation for separating the political from the
judicial functions.

We have read with considerable satisfaction the
speech delivered by Mr. ORD at the Reform dinner
given to him at Newport on Monday last. It is that
of an upright, rational Liberal, who regards the great
question of Reform in the only way that it should be
regarded—that .is to say, in a sound, practiCal spirit.
Mr. ORD'S remarks on the conduct of the Irish Orange-
men are particularly worthy of attention. " The evils
of Ireland," says he,
." have arisen, not from its laws
being bad, but because they have been badly executed.
It is that the administration of its laws have been com-
mitted to a small party 'consisting of a very small por-
tion of the population, and that they have been exe-
cuted for party objects, and perverted for the very
worst of purposes. This is a truism perhaps, still
it is one that cannot too often be insisted upon
—especially at a period like the present, when
the system that has so long been the curse
.of the
sister-country is again hourly endeavouring to rear its
hydrahead. Alluding to the trite theme of O'CON-
NELL, Mr. ORD says, "it has been often repeated
by the Tories, that his Majesty's Ministers had made
sacrifices to gain the support of Mr. O'CONNELL and
his friends : this he positively denied. He knew of no
sacrifice ; he knew; of no compromise ; but he did
know that Lord: MELBOURNE and his Majesty's Mi-
nisters were determined to do justice to Ireland." This

is explicit language, but it will have no effect on the
Tories, who will of course still maintain their old opi-
nion, that Ministers are the mere tools of O'CoN-
NELL. The Hon. Member went on to observe
that, "of the Municipal Reform Bill, he con-
sidered it only in a degree passed—the branches
which had been , lopped off must be restored be-
fore that measure could be considered perfect.
It was now in the hands of the people, and it required
all the union and energy of the Reformers to Arry it
into full effect, if they hoped to derive the benefit of
it." We have no doubt that Ministers will take an
early opportunity of acting, with respect to the Mu-
nicipal Reform Bill, on the principles here recome
mended, and restore that important measure to its
pristine state of integrity, despite of the opposition of
the House of Lords, who must be taught that the
time is past for them to thwart, with impunity, the
strongly expressed wishes of the people.

We have been favoured with the copy of a letter
addressed to Lord BROUGHAM, by an American, on
the important subject of slavery in the United States.
It is a calm, sensible, rather than an able exposition
of the working of a foul and accursed system which
makes man the hereditary property of man. The sub-
stance of this treatise may be summed up in a few
words :—That the British Government was the first to
initiate the Americans in the horrid mysteries of the.
slave trade ; that the United States were the first to
abolish a regular traffic in slaves ; that Congress, has
not the power of abolishing slavery in those States
where it exists ; that the slaves are not yet in a condi-
tion to receive an emancipation which would place
them in a condition to exercise civil rights ; and finally,
that the better disposed Ainericans are doing all in
