FRENCH PAPERS.

PARIS, JUN? 20.—This daythegrand Cereninny
of presenting and consecrating the colours (pf the
Royal Gli,act tto place in the Clifti'llp de Mats.
The Royal Fainily, accomPtiltii.ll by ;he "."ilarshals
of the. Eniritv, and Graiiil 01Beers of tie house-
hold, rode to the ground at one 0'c10...k. 111
111.ifroy wai dressed in the uniform of u Colonel-
General .of the Royal Guard. The Roy:il
rode Tottad. the ranks amid .shotus of Vii ele
Rot," " Vive fa Famine lloyale.Y! The ,co-
looi then successlrelY presented tO the
litichos of Angoidenie and...thep.,cliess of Belli:
those august Piincesseo, with their owN hands,
fastened on the favours, richly tlec•or,ved with
gold fringe.
NI. de 'railer nud„Arclo,l,llop olltheims, con-
*scermed ttie colottri, which were then distribloed
to the diffpeut leAinielits, who received them with
inemiritssible eilthuisiasot. The troops; after fak-
ing the Oath of •fidelity, defiled before the King :
11:1rilial 'Macdonald, Duke of Tarentunt, as Ma.-
jor7Gencral,of the 4,ry,ii Guard, marched at the
'he. ad of them. his Majesty directed the Marshal
to approach, and ldilrosed him as follows:

" My Lord Marshal.-Tell 'loyal Guard low tench I am
Satisfied with the order ;which. I observe, in all the regi.nents,
with their perfect emit:stance and their excellent spirit.
" Add, that I am convinced that they will defend even to
deisth the
.colours wilial) they have just received from their
father
" Tell them fit-thel4, that, like the knights of old,' the!
must remember the fair hands which fastened °tithe favours."

Several English and travellers -of distiniction
were present ; among whom were remarked the
Duke of. Wellington and his Staff.
Ou the preceding evening there Was a grand
ball, at, which alt the Royal Family were present.
The ball. was opened by the Duke of Angouleme
and the Duchess of Berri, followed by the Duke
of Berri and the Dttchess of Belltino.' SO,eral
country dances' were executed, in which the Duke
Of Angouleme and the Duchess- of Berri took
part. The Duke of Angouleme was remarkable
for his gaiety and ease, the Duchess, of. Berri for
her grace and lightness of step. ThOltoyal Fa-
mily came at half-past ,eight, and retired at ten
-o'clock. The ball continued till one in the mOrn.,
ing,—This evening, at ten o'clock, Mademoiselle
Garneiin ascended in her nAlloon, anti came: down
-to a parachute.
P ais, JUN a 21...--lt is still 'said, that the Em-
peror of ltitsis will proceed to Warsaw in Sep-
tember, to open the Diet.

The Prefect of the. Seine, at the head of twelve
Mtiyors am! Adjoints of Paris, had the honour to
be admitted to. att audience of his Majesty, yes.-
terday, in the saloon de la Paix.

itecent news from Moscow announce that that
city is rising ropidly out Df its ashes. it will be
less grand but more fine.

The superior Officers of the Parisian national
,
guarn were presente4ryesterday morning to the
Duchess of Berri. To-morrow her Rayel fligh-
tless rAeives the King at rfrianon ; she is charged
by his Majesty to do the honours; sheftwill regn-
Idle the costume of the ladies. There will he a
(linnet , and afterwitrds a Court. -

The Royal Family dined ou IVednesday at St.
Cloud, without any kind of panicle. The Princes
were in uniform. Madame and the Duchess of
Berri ‘sere in the simple 11.44 of the 'city. The

• _
. ,
il
;al iit,,ges (40'11 turong,i the gtat tiks of the
Park, and a great niitober.nt tite initabitatits of
P 04.3 and *neighbouring places followed 'Pl.eir
tnovement, intl. sainted .then. 44tH the liveitest
a cclatua t ions.
. . ,
The city of Marseilles Propotes to perpetuate
bytt monument the arrival of her Itpyal
the Princess Caroline. Already an abitadant
col-
leCtio`n hat been' made for the diqtriblition..47ll
S cco.nis to thilleedy, to mike s fund for those
vetvo have already been relieved.
The Gazette of Nlart inique contains a firoclanni-
tion front the Wvernor, Count Vangiratkd, re-
spvctipg. th`c,conittiefce of that Isle with fumigates,
tot the :";Ithject of reitiletitins arcrirditi*g to t:.e
I.)ecites of. 1784, reghlating Elwin by the instrue-
tionS given by the French (I.4overntrient of 1814.
LaGnotsi.J,JoNa, 7,-t-Not withstanding.the
ties 'concluded by Loh! Exmouth, the Barbary Pi-
rates have in Several ifitiarters commenced h
tstiU-
t The 'fartati,,Saitit, Trinite, commandtal by
Captain Mario Albertellj, has been taken tinder
the battery, where it' was at anchor hear Ostia, on
the Homan Coast. The crew saved themselves
in the Tartan's boat. sTlie. pirate is a small Bar-
bary s'essel under the flitg.—The pirates also
pursued a Sardinian vessel whieli Was near the
o(her. • ,
JUNE 15. ---hall's; Innkeeper,
kno‘vn by his revoluiionary opinions, has been
convir,ed of eirculatio4 a seditious writing,: and'
condemned to perpetual depot tatiou from the COti...
titient.

NUREMBERG, JUNE 14 —Field Marshal Vrince
Blucher (lid not stay here so long its he was ex-
riveted. passed but 24 hours with us. He is
;Tone to tare 'waters of Carlslmd, which are likely
to be this year ouch frequented.
Fit Nisrui.tr,l N 1ei...-TWO vessels, which
have arrived at Ti,ieste Iron. Alexatulria, confirm
the intelligence •ot the EliVatZe'; by the plague
at the latter• place: The Austrian Consul and his
family have. perb:lied. There is alsointelligenee
that the plague is makhig great. ravages in the en-
vrrons of Salouitai


Anttivvr+-1 Mrtlt3, 1 llottetibtr•4l), l Gitertmi Int uersey,
1 3 ..I'ateiet::Mc Franct., I Li,b;m:

T..,!! 'f? Or''STOCNS
TI! t I,\ V AT I,9CPC.

11:,tilt 'ltu.:3t, .. ~
~ • -
• per (-cur. P.,,,1... .... ' . I;,q,H in,ti.,ll„,tik, ...........44. pr.
3 1,1 Lt.. 11;. (~,h, .
I pci '.',1Z,...• 7,1;,i-, i i)ittli,
:31.d. !et. dit. par
per Cci..,. :...,..\ .1,, . ~.. :pit 4.)nitlialtri,,r Piymetit, .....;:il
111:,1: 1,. :1,112..1', I'', • '6;J, ; li.; Oirrt.'for Accu.iut,....t...tl4ii

I;( I w.vrEit
miiiiiiig,f)milittles,fafter 3. 1 I:Arrittig, tit minute' htter J.

TliE SUN.

: •
41'1.04 swis ,u 1,443-1,

LONDON,
TU ES 1)...11% it' E "25 . 1816.

The, juurnHl3 of .the 21st are birren as
over. The AlioetWeiri, promises .a Null, true, and
partienlai ikee;tint% of all that has taken place since
the lal(iing'Of the Duchess of BERRI tchthe 'pre-
sent time ! On the 20th, the .114a1 Guard was
. .
reviewed by tbeKllo3 on the Champ de Mars, on
which occasion the several regiments were pre-
sented with neW coloUrs, 'and the semis tied by
the Duchesses of 1:111Itt, ANGOZYLEME. The
Duke of WEMLINGTON and his.,Staff formed part
of the cavalcade, and a multitude of English and
i''oreigners. of' distinction were present, •

Several Khig's ships arrived yesterday at Ports-
moutl► front the Mediterranean among them the
Boyn,c,• Lord- EXMOUTH'S flag ship. The follow.
ing is the only list we have yet received:—

Bny'lle, 98, Lord EX3IIOI/TII Captain lintsuatte.
Bel: wick, 74 guns, Vaptaiu E. Brace.
Boo,1)1Y, 74 ems, IL Basely.
A)ax, 74 guns, Captain G. Mundy.
Leviathan, 74 guns, Captain T. Briggs.
l‘lniongtie, 74 guns, Captain P. Haywood.
Spartan frigate, 38 guns, Captain P. Hornhy.
Clarinda frigate, 39 guns, Captain S. G. Pechell.
Araeline sloop of war, Captain Godfrey..
itcyttard sloop-of war, Captain St'. Clair.
Calypso Sloop uf war, Captain :And the
. .
Weymouth .store-ship; Captain Bich. Turner.

Lotd lixstoupt l►rs completely adjusted mat.
tees with the Dey'of Algiers, and the rest of the
Barbary Powers, in aluanner honourable to him=
self and his Country.

Boston and other American Papers, to the 19th
of May intaosive, have arrived. The most inte-
resting parts of their ebntents are those which
relate to the proceedings of the South American
Inswrgents, which we subjoin :

noStaN, MAY 21.—8 y an arrival' from St. DinttingO we
learn, that about the middle of April nine sail of Cartilage-
nians anchored at Selinas (Bay of Ocoa), 7.5 miles west of the
city of St. Domingo, where they took cattle anti two Spani,b
drogers ; in consequence, a general embargo bad beim laition
on all the vessels in the harbours, and the inhabitants order-
ed to, the different landing places on the coast. All the
Officers and soldiery Were called on by the t:;entral to join
their respective regiments, and march against the earth*.
geuians. About the 20th of April, they left the bay, and
peen of them were seen to pass the city of St. Domingo.
Thej bad. board a quantity of arms and niuhitiuns of war ;
and it was reported, they were bound on an expedition against
the Spanish Main."' • •

The Factious Prints have of late taken a decitl-
e,lly new tut - The Count, y proTered through,a
tirt`tatiful tv►zr in spite of their pretlictinti, and,eTurts.
Victory, the reward of British petseverauet, has led

to that glorious peace ty which` J ' sto:::%
retort.., thdtigh the t-7=stlif
to rcpose, they art! ill a rs` low
and 'their Wriklo.ogs silew its bow se
• ,
plicente to thew is the Adige, r• there is iko r
for tlte wicked." ,

•
Tbe grand Object of ti,e;r present e%ertion3
• •
to eticonrage Emigration to America.. 1.1101
that country ~.p.erfeet rarthly :Tht
banks of Sitsquehitua, tinder all the heautiftil poeti'
cal imagery of Mr. TttossAs Cost,Datet. (see (Ter'
!rude of IVYnniin 4), itc;t tidy 119 the
Lurie set tleriientseof Virginia, t 10:. Siviide w ilds
°1 Kent v, s de4eribed bYthele pi )1 it iczti ent
:•rn
51asts„. There, Nature is all ehr.in
and then fot the iticial enjoyments. ! plr`nlY of
wild Tut keys of 6t; lbs. weight for the shoutiug,
and no gane„ ; plenty of money owl fw,
taxes; land for the cultivating. (but they doubt Rit
us bow dear it is at tb tat show,'
el-Dorado of a good Many thousand miles In
of sublime;

extent l
f % ,
~. One,would think that flute Persuasion %rook'
be neces..4.l to induce the people of thisdist"l44
;,,
Empire letin trispoi t tLettisdvei across the Atuilli"
Iloitctkiillayt,halin:tsivre'rs ecia,r:ltte:us carelessness,
e so
sl
'tilt7sle a::::"1 a ibt:l""*Y-8." ii:::
gild Anse ens, rica tvith their li
p ha
oar ve forwer, ,
planted an aversion against it it) breasts, ll
potirtraying it tinder very diifertot colours. Tit'''.
present praises therefore only' dill es %MI Liffilbrt
and We Loow lint ‘itiether to credit their Igiiii`•
yisions of a land of prothise, or their apioro
just delineation
nii,i,vi.octfcahenation
A,t tleetimy irLal)taerbua:otti. in
i‘
.
'rinsed of (Ids truth, that distance dots 1:::::1C:11:),:.
wsids softening its feittures ; and the haplen Vitli".
grant, to whatever cia s of the ctllift'u'i'll
~,
he belongs,will t•
aye u•
readyness, and bleakness, "\‘'ilie.'nCSoCiLiCartt'lei:ansgi the
ehrIals1:110f i?e;;;:l•
&cape, had all been co-neettled or weird 11"'"1
by the tlisyrtace of the view :—That thry P`i el',
changed a land of real freedom and haprineol',
worse. than, ti barren hope} a home of ,e6rlfit
and, if they themselves will make it set, of c°l)r
tort, fur a life of disSappointinent and utiatrY' i
Among the incitements to tini:rati" l'i4v)'lf'
i,
by, tle discontented press, u•ti have rntl'et -"Hi
slirpriied at the foiltewing, ‘a Itich the Ipbli,, 14.
d,
Inset is as 0 magnificent itnincement to /lor •of
to desert their native land fur the Sli')rt4
Atllellett :•••••
[Front a New Dirk Piperl
" Five thousand. lth.lintets' are capt,etetl 100, flit
.'i,,
+IV? frora Ircl.i.ed.; they are: persoos at 1"1""i`"" 1'1,,!t0
and principally "agrietilturists ; they will clear 11,.• :
(ptetty hard work. l), and mate uggial Segal; -14 0
• the 'II have Wives t and the tintuarritnl Will not be '''''"aiii 1
Its iio years there will be born to theta S .Wid
o,o.tildrent l'ot',
Ainericans—thusthey will give six: tines their o"litiao. d
of litexerpeiutifible eitizems (the patetrti out tieing 5a ./, ;ii
advantage that wilt balance all the ossible evils el a'fr:l
to
them 10 reside in do country., (Impottelit sutioutlre
°"i d
, wilt allow these &Oiled wretches to clear their t
increase their population!) hoer
, •" A few hundreds of British and Scotehmen arc a 1,)
peeled 0 they are ineclUinits, and will nut oialy: itoPtag,,,l
extend the internal wealth. they will also have cbiltiro;l4
although,they should not multiply as fast as Irislitetn'oo,f
will certainly give in 30 years, three natives for ever!'" :,•
them that may he'permitted to reside in the Statti. attii,,,,
sent there is a fatal rage for the wearing of cotton, t!':-Ti,,i
and linen falics, made in England, front Ames iena IS .;,irf,
I%ould it not he a good plan to bring over the British 0 1
nice , ro ''' and let. the goods be made here ? 0000
" A crowd of Frenchmen are expected.* . „-,((11
mostly Soldier's, Well' educated, and have &MY °I °loo'
they are'not Mitch disposed to Interfere in Anteiicaa il: .4s4:i:
they will do no manner of harm, and they will do iii
1,7 y
for they also have children, and these will be g'3l •
;A grand discoiery!) a tr, 51°11,,,
.
" Dutch, Germans, PrEmittrig, itte.-1 do no, - ' chef
many of these may arrive, but I apprehend there °1 e, sprit"
a swarm. They ore as tad us so nut*, 11.01"6"1;00,' :.
fritnds have already spoiled nearly every.gocal ham . (0.0
sOvaillia and Jersey, by cutting-down the trees to 'u'll'c .
4
fOr their grass arid corn, and big barns! ; ,e bel4
" I think I heard something of :tOO Swiss Ctfift':,-;alett!",
make watches. They should be watched; their ''''' k, pit''',
be Natives, a' nd, of course, good Citizens--gnite ° 04'
few dozens of the present Natives, whale naingsit itu
necessary.to mentioit, ' wit",
414 On the .trhole, it seems to me, that. 90,0° ',1,,v0d i.
will arrive in the United States in this year ; ttiel irl',,orti'v
, of Agriculturists, Manufactures, Artists, Slltlierit tisio, .:t' 1
of Fortune, some Titles, and a few Kipp. ‘Vi' btoe,oll
manyllon:r eth%l:,yiiiiiiwgstiiitfllitit:eiiyf:tasnaly't:eof
legacy
tivhitelolmtgilicie:)iezri,ganlilityle•i,,:lesaLittleetti::::ll;J:::
' 1
50,0.00 Natives." lit'l
The Dublin Post Ins'ists upon it th3t trllloof
Calculating invitation, is enongh to 1001
0 I'pill
pir
,
thousand more IriOnnen tot pitch I"
the Yankie Woods,
. ..
tit: irm6 :tisst iitntf7ttritt:itle;dY(4fe3rtil:bll::::::rrt,'' talinend; lisratekarivineigi.:-e:11171' et
giliolligil:;
not if such be the best face which ti/e9eroll'r‘i
cans and British Lovers of America' 'lrhe ftl'',
rs hate of their native soil ; if siieh by ' to lo•
ti atet int: accoilor wiiieh they our itolvniv,(ll,
viegle the Ituttifortuetl and lead the olve'do".
ruin, whiit shall we say to the ad nal WI I
01:11it
case. ei; g,
1.• it tieemkary for us to repent what 0.
tot n, ,
On unquestionable authority last wok,

1~ "~

.
wank of .a Ihopantl mistaken wretches, %%113 11.3 d
been cnealeti the ttIA Aiarrica wai

good to ietfl.! itt, had aioti,:d to our Consol at

Neo7 be teLitrued to the hirisell land they
itati fiarsaken. Nt, ed we repeat that
of this mierable number, those who had carried

vat nioftty or property were reduced to p.,‘
want ; anti those who went ott; destitute of
Priths, inithe expectation of finditn ettiployinent
or labour, were Ineru4 starving. Neetf.‘ve re-
pe:ir that diiticali as the. temporary • condition of
, •
otty aa4rs at 11.4/11)0 i§, in America it is a thou-
land t onus t hat there is an entire stagna-
tion Of trade, no mantilacttires, atl eShausted
population, and almost universal banktuptcy in
public ants fir', ate. Need we tell our Mechanics
that where there is no oationol wealth; it is im-
possible they can be employed or. paid ? Need

we tool ni our hbouring classes that the tplays
of every sea-port in America, From liostmt

to the Golph of Florida, tare thronged ‘‘ ith
the most for hirtt and miserable of their unhap-
py country men ra have been beguiled into

'a trial of American ho%pitality and liappinelis-i
µlit! would no%t', after enduring privatious'almost

,:too much for human maitre, and woes to which
" negro slavery is heaven, give up one half of their
future existence, to be able to spend the other
and die in the laud of their forefathers.
To this wattling we shall only add an extract
from Mr. FR AIRteS Letter to the SPRAKIIR at the
House of Commons—premising that no man ever
had better, or made better use of his information
than the Writer

Within these few days, I have taken much pains to in-
quire, and have had the very best opportunities of ascertain-
ing the unhappy fate of many of those unfortunate people
iihe have emigrated eithet from Scotland, Vales, or Ireland,
'to America ; cud even within these few months, I have bad
art account of the poverty, wretchedness, nakedness, and
misery of many of those people, which it is almost horrible
• to delerihc. CH money, there •is ttalieV4 hat is carried out
is Soon expended ; and When their clothes are ;vont out, they
bare no means of repAlcing.them—if they oven should oh-
`tam employment as labourers, they can get no wages, In
money, from their employers. If they obtain lands, they
'can get 'nothing for its prodtice. Their food, a little Indian
corn and water; they drag out 4 miserable exisience,with little
chance of ever acquiring the only consolation that remains
--that of procuring the meatts'of returning to their native
land, in which, many libudredsOf those delude people de-
clared to my,friend, they would be glad to accept the most
abject employments, or even to beg from dour to door, rather
than supputt the miseries of their sitnation. t. The women
who had gone out, were of 411 others the most wretched; nor
is there of either max, or of any description, a single individual
who has recently emigrated to Amerita, that would not think
it the uastfortunate emancipation to he lauded naked on their
rutive shores."

Wv.are sorry to hear it whispered that several
More regpectable inercallt ;le. Louses were under
the nere,siCy of sitspe:Aing their payments in the
City yesterday. We arc nrv, itheless convinced,
that it is.rattier the change than-the pressure of the
which is'at prrsent serioubly felt.

THE MICR or Y0KK......-There is no written
bulletin ; but the answer to the numerous hp.
quirers yesterday at York House was, his Royal
Highness was better, and the swelling of his face.
much reduced. Sir HENRY Ilactioan and other
INledical Gentlemen are in attendtwee upon his
Royal Highness. The different branches of the
Royal Fatally sent to make inquiries.

Yesterth morning, soon after nine o'clock, her
hiAii..snr, Princesses AUGUSTA and ELIZABETH,
left tie Queen's Palace for IVindsor. On their
arrival at the Castle, her MAJESTY alighted rtt the
private entrance to the hi No's apartments, and
went to visit his MAJESTY, attended by the Doctor
in Iveitit

Yesterd ty Lord CARILEREAGH aria Count MUN-
STER hod audiences( of the PRINeR REGSNT, at
Chrlitit:t [louse.

The RUSSIAN AMRASSAn6B had au audience of
Lord Nlet.vit.Lit, at the Admiralty, au Saturday.
Yesterday the Princess CHAHLorrs and Prince
LeopoLD rude in their curricle to Chiswick : on
their return to Cameiford.honsethey received rive
Addresses of Congrat ulacion—one from Anglesea,
presented by tie Altiriinis Of ANGLESBA; it,SCCOA.
front the borough of Southwark, presented by the
Parliamentary Representatives; a third from Wor.•
center, presented by the Earl of CoVewricv as
Recorder; a fourth front Wioehester, presented
by the Recorder of that city ; the titth from the
Ministers of the Three Denominations, presented
by the President of that Association..
By the hit accounts froth the,Brazils, says a
Mornieg' Paper, we learn, that a very serious
coniuMtion had, taken place among' the Negro
Slaves at Bahia, where, colleCting in considerable
/lumbers, the' burnt four estates. The Puke
Dos Attcos, Governor of the Pt oeince, at length
quelled the hum& by calling Quit the military, but
several lives were lost. These commotions in the'
Brazils are no means untregitent ; anintier not
long.ago oectirred in Pernambuco, s hen the Slaves
eleteated 500 tegulars.
A wriicr in the' journal des. Debuts, in a critique
on it translation of Rost,'oe.'s " Leo X.;" bpe!ilis
of the EtfOribitt ion in the severest terms : he says,
that the pretended reformation has caused mote
evils to Europe than the French revolution ; that
t{tltttnst every throne has been hilaktO by it, anti
that it has desolated all nations with the scourge
9f war.

It Appears from the French Papers, that at one
Of the minor Theatres of Paris, where in general
the broadest farce is acted, they now peifOrm.
lug; a ri ligious piece, called " The Sduijficc ttf
Abrdilaw." nis tir4lllLl Vreccedi prtAligiuuty.

' 1
161741-10,11) LICI I 10...%,

SUN OPI:ICE, Two 01,CL‘IcK.

Tl►e Paris Papers of the 22d,have joist aro iveol,,
an►! ►re proceed to .tnake a,loary abstruct of their
contents.

A iitvedish frigate, ttationetl 'iii~' Gottenbirgh.

lia belted two Uoglislo
iMetchautmo enmder the
plea,of their haying failed to perform qUateutike.
Mr. VORSTE , our Minister. at Copenhagen, has

represeilied this itiatter`to his Clibinet, itini it is
thought the event will lead to some eiphinations
between Denmark and Sweden.

It is affirmed that Ilauover gives up the Ditchl'
of Iflutin and a sum Of moncy to Denmark, for
that or Lauenbutgh.
A Squadron• stilled the 17th from L'lsle d'Aix
for Svnegal, to ti,'he possession of the French Es-
tablishments In Attica.

• A Tripo'nun xebec plundered a French gun-boat
on the Btu of June. .

FRENCH FUNDs.

5 per Cents. 39 f. 40 c.
. 110 u 1.

SIIIP NEWS.

PORTSaUtnif, Jule 24.--=-Arrived his Majesty's
ships Boyne, Berwick, liomboy, Leviathan, Ajax,
Montague, Arachne, ReOmni, Calypso,'Spartan,
Weymouth, and the Clarinda, from the Mediter-
ranean; Salsette, from ; Woodlark, from
Plymouth ; Anna
.11aria, Ont.soN, from Frede.
riekstlahl ; William and Ann, JON BS, 11'0111
YOllg ; Renown, (ruin Guerasey. Sailed his
Majesty's ship Woodlaik for Deptlotd.—Wind
N. W..

HARl'''. JUNK 24.—Arrived the Earl of Lei-
cester putiket with a nrtil and passengers from
Holland; Chat lout! pocket with a mail and ditto
from Gottenbargh.—Wind
DEAL, JUNE 24 --Arrived, and remain in the,
Downs, the Tottenham, Aunts, front Batavia;
Catherine Green, RAFFELF,, from Jatuidell Me-
KENNEDY, from Jamaica ; Mercury, SAN.,
TOS, Tram the Brazils; Sophia and Elizabeth,
IlmqsoN, front Norway h,r a Mittlittji Autumn,

BARTLETT) from Liverpool for Aotvverp. CHUIC
clown from the River tire Lord tVellitigton,
Iris, for India, and sailed ; lieresforit, CiaaresEit,
for 13ermuda ; Mary Ann, PLRIteIIY, for Jamaica ;
Rates, GAlipNlitt, for Jamaica :—ihe three latta
remain in the Downs.... Wind N.W,

Dov,ER, JUNE 24.--Arrived i)ti this port the
Fleet wooil, AIKAN, from Domingo; Fortitude,
MARI-is, Irma jainuica

The Bann, 21, Captain Fisuan, has been most
actively and sucees.Nlidly employed in diminishing
the trade in slaves on, the coast of Africa, since
her arrival there in January last. Another letter,
received front an Wither belonging to her, dated
Sierra Leone, April 24, states, that she had cap-
tured nil the Bight 01 Benin, the Ffirtogiteie
brigs Teincraro, of 18 guns and 80 men, an(' St.
Antonio, having 900 slaves on board : the for-
-
tner engaged the Bann upwards of an hour.
.t be
colonial cruisei\ Princess Charlotte had also ear
lured a cargo in the French brig Louis, of 7 guns
and 30 men, after tt contest, in which the Princess
Charlotte had 18, and the Louis 26 killed and
wounded.

The Albion, 74, Captain Coons (fitting for the
flag ►►f Sir C. Paritiosa), at SileerlleiS the
Glasgow, Captain-Man. A. MAITLAND, at Cl►at-
ham, are both manned. They will visit
,Ports-
tumuli previous to their proceeding.to the Medi-
terranean.

, Vice-Admiral PlcKstona will go to his com-
mand at Newfoundland, in the Forth, Sir JOHN
LOUIS, which ship is expected 'at Portsmouth
front 'Chatham.. The Tiber, Captain Dacassi hits
orders to- proceed immediately to that station,
and she will tail to•morrow.

Last week, _the Dove of Lone, Etekiel Collins,
Alaster, front Neath to the f :wriney place, foundered
lit sea, between Lundy-island i{ lid Hnrtiand.ptaiut.
The crew were saved, except the Captain's son, a
'fine lad, Wilo WAS drowned.

The following Circular, has been published by
the Russian Consul
Russian consulate's 011ie., 22, Pavement, hloordelds,
the sth (thnli) June, !Hifi.
The Undersigned, ittbisiati Causal General in Great Bri-
tain, has received instructions, dated 'St. Petersburg!), the
17th i'29th) May last, to the following. ehiect :
The measures for preservation of the public health in the
northern provinces of the 6ttiptre front auy plague having
been adopted and approved oy the Committee of the Slate's
Miuisters, the Minister of General Police of the Empire has
corountriieated them to alt the Russian Aitth.tcsadure 44,4
cuts, in order to make petals:.
I. Tam no vessels can he admitted into any ports Of Russia
in the 13,th lc, unless they produce a formal document from
the Danish gnaraittine fistanhshineuts, either ut Elsineur,
Marburg, Frittericia, or Tottumgeti, reetiguiting them free
trod exempt irons any infection or.saspicion whatever.
2. 'Chat the slops or vessels coining to the ports of the
Whet Sea ceimitit he admitted there, it they arc not provided
whit a stintiar document front Norway or htiglaud, 'by which
it nosy apprm that they hare obserted iti any of those King-
tl ,ins a- ri4oroutt quarantine, and have been declared there
fit'ly puritivd.
S. That, in order that no (rand or deception should he prac-
tict d. the itulsipth OuVerilitielit will foritioti the forms ut qua-
r,thtint. rertifitittrs given its the aboye.uirtitiontiti places, t"
WI the Costrotr-houses mat Gensinanders of Guartioillips iu the
hessian emipire.
41. De; Duuxrcif EFSKS, 'Louisa Consul4lencral.

Lord W. BENTINCRis a Candidate for the Re-
: present ton Of the County of Nottingham, which
has become vaunt by tiic removal of Lord NEWARK
to the Howie of Pecuti-, in consequence of the
death of Earl MANnits. _
Livittentsiit•Colonei,Sir JETIENII/411 DICKSrlig is
appointed Assiitatit I„)i'iarter-noter-Cienertil in
Portsmouth District, vacant b 7 tb, retuwilit el
; kijor Iteup to Plyntuuth,

t1',111.14t.1 00 '.5+5.8.-C.ll. I rTtON IN .CEYLON

_ .
The gloriolifi exert:ohs ot 131:r gallant ,C 0 ry-
MCII I'4 ,Wetteilau have olait.eit soitalle
even rat the ittot distat.it ti liits of tiie
%ire copy the to:lovriog from the (e.yloit
Gazette of ,the > i 11 of February :
Co Lbst 80, Feu.' 7.-011 Sunday last, zit Ono
o'clock, a l'oblie .11eetitit: was held at the K ng'i
1-louse,•pursitatit„to a general notice, neititeil in
the Gazette of last week.

The Governor being called to the ehair, his
h.xcellency, wit!' warmth 01 wIUUIIt r dial did
Hour to his lettins, explained the purpose of the
Meeting in a concise Address, and nearly in the
following terms :---,
GetimEttlto4,---We are met here to consider of
the beat means of promoting a Subscription for
the relief of the Widows and Michell of those
blare Soldiers, who fell in the glorious battle of
Waterloo.

I am persuaded that we ate all actuated by the
same desire to mark our admiration of that great
vietory,land our grat it tide for the imp); taut results
it has produced, by contribming towards the sup-
port of those who have been deprived of their
protectirrs on. the memorable I kith 9f *Nue
1815---1 know that'we all feel alike on this sub-
ject, and I therefore have only to propose that a
Committee be appointed for the management of
the stints subscribed under such regulations as may
be deemed proper to adopt.
Mr. Gifford (H. M. Advocate Fiscal) said, that
impelled by a strong sense of duty he Offered him-
self to the assembly, he felt that gratitude for
benefits conferred was one of the first as
well as most pleasing of our duties, enjoying as
we did the blessings of security and peace achiev-
ed by the late unparalleled victory Our gratitude
was owing to those by whose exertions it had
been obtained—to the gallant fellows who had
fallen in the contest we had the !milker debt of
sincere sot row to pay—they had purchased those
'blessings for us with their lives, and they had
fallen in the field of honour, and their death has
been as glorious to theitiSelves as their exertuiris
had been triumphant for the hononr of their court-
tey, and the tranquillity of the civilized world.

" For those who die
" I honours bright careers
" For those in glory's grave who sleep
Weep fondly', but exulting weep,
The fairest wreath that futile can bind
" ever with the cypress twin'd.

But we had a still fmt they ditty, a duty which he
rejoiced to perceive was felt and acknowledged,by
the heart of ever) man present, he was not vain
enorigh to suppose that anything !teem,id say could
enhance a seaiment. so honourably obvious, the
situatioli of, those who bad lost in the heroes who
bad talleu-s.their fathers and protectors, demand-
.,ed and would. receive cvery alleviatiou which the
benevolence of Britons could bestow--:Upon tttiis
point no stimolus was required nor should he
longer detain his hearers.
But was there not a still further ditty,. did we
not owe some expression' of our admiration and'
gratitude to the great Arian by Whom those heroes
had beets led to glory, by whom the fame and the
power and the liberties of his country had been
secured almost beyond the reach of time.
It was amongst the most gratifying recollections
of his own life---diet an intercourse, distant in-
deed and humble on ,his part, had enabled bitn to
estimate some part of die character of the Huro
of tVateribo ; of this, a striking trait was his
delicacy. of feeling, Not only did he treat with
deep contempt 'those arts by winch others of 'lit-
ferent minds are content to obtrude thetnst'ltes
on the public notice—but he shrank from those
I.ackitowledgetuelits which every hoar of his life
deserved ; and nothing' wai to him so distaverid
as the expression of public'applattse•. But because
he was delicate, it was not for, us to be ut►jno
Had this delicacy always prevailed—and this in-
justice ensued, we might never have bad to ex-
ult die Victory of Waterloo, or to boast of
its Hero. In the East was the first dawn of his,
glory, pod it was an historical fact, that the united
volie Of his admit ing countrymen in the Ea. 41,, had
before his arrival in Europe marked him as the only
person likely to extinguish that hatefol meteor
',villa glared with malignant iofluence on the ci-
vilized woad. Nobly had he notified that ()pi-
llion. atilt redeemed that confideote—Bia, had lie
been able to restrain the expression of that opt.
Ilion, bad not the gratitude, and admiration of
those who witnessed his achievements tool Were
saved by Iris Victories prevailed ov'er his delicacy
of litind—he could not have been forced as he was
upon the notice of Etighool as the film a by whom
Europe was to he released from thraldom—hati
this not been done—we might not now-have to look
forward to the security and tranquillity promised
by this last unrivalled victory.
Feeling, therefoie, that the expression of our
admiration tiles beeatoe Hit imperious duty, he
would proptise that the amount of %loiterer sub-
scription might be raised, should be placed at he
disposal of his Grace the Duke of Wellington,
accompanied by a suitable Address.
Mr. Gilfird conclodell by reading a drsn;_lit of
en Addresi to the Bake of Welliugloil,
With a 114 t of stbscriptions) will be siteu
tuvatio.
