SHIP NEWS;

PonTsmouTH, A G. i b.—Ariived his MejestY',
ship Ll,)pe from a crui,u.
DEAL. ALL:). N.—Arrived, an'd sailed For Oh
River, Ole John, PoPPLEw ELL, from J'etinticA ;
Coburg, ilti-rcniNsoN, from Quebec ; Ryhecca,
Row, front Sr. Thomas's ; Anne, CARPENTER,
tram Hun iucas; and 13rit,nnia, FISHER, Iron
Grenada. Th'e li:dustry, HILLER., in 60 days
from .Curacoa, for Brenwh, passed by the back of
the Good,‘ in Sand yesterday. Several of the
outward-bound Sailed this morning; but the wind
has since backed to the West %yard, and they are
returning. Come down from the River the Me-
diterranean, for Trieste, :ma Foliittide, for
Lisbon.

YAR3IOUTI4, Auo. 18.—Arrived the William,
LaWs, from London, with loss of fore-top-mast
and main-mast, which were carried away in a
heavy squall yesterday, off the Buoy of the Spit-
way. The Trusty, GaoOri, from the North with
Coals, sunk yesterday in this harbour.

HARwICH, AUG. 18..—Arrived the Preston
Island, CoisiNtilati'ANT, from Alloa for London,
and the 'LaviOia, Bu RN, from Sunderland for
London—:-.the former with loss of bowsprit, an-
chor, and cable, and the latter with loss of fore-
mast and hoWsprit.

FATAL Duat..—!-A meeting took place thil,even-
ing, about five o'clock, in a field near the Black-
rock-road, between Lieut. W— and Lieut.
both of the Royal Navy, and residents of this
city, when „unfortunately on the second fire, the
latter was mortally wounded.—(Cork Chronicle,
Aug. 13')

SUICIDE.—About eleven o'clock yesterday a re-
spectable. inhabitant, residing next door to The
Job Castle, in White Lion-street, Norton Faigate,
put an end -to his existence, by shooting himself
through the bead. The deceased was about GO
years of age, and had been married to a woman
much younger than himself, who is now in a state
of pregnancy. Ot late they were heard to have
'frequent quarrels, and yesterday morning he beat
her most unmercifully, till she was obliged to fly
for shelter from him, and hit'e herself up stairs.
The report of a shot from the house brought se,-
i!eral of the neighbours as well as the passengers
to the door, when they found his brains scattered
across the street, and part of them even blown
against the front wall of the opposite house. His
body was lying near the street door with half the
head blown to atoms, and he was in the last ago-
nies of death. lie was by trade a shoemaker.

ANOTHER CHILI) SToLEN.—Thursday last, a
Child was stolen at Kensington, almost in thesame
manner as that for which Mrs. H. Molineaux
Hamilton was lately convicted at the Old Bailey.
—The wife of a bricklayer's labourer sent her
eldest daughter, about twelve years of • age, out
with an infant ; three months old. The girl was
standing talking with a play-fellow, when a Lady,
dressed in a blue silk pelisse .and white lace veil,
came up and told the girl, that site knew her mo-
ther, whose name she mentioned, and that she had
some needle-work she Wished her to do, and re-
queved the girl to go home and bring her, and
site would hold the child in time mean time. The
girl immediately delivered the child and ran home;
and the child who had been playing with her says,
the Lady instantly got into a chaise-cart standing
near, with the help of a man that drove it, who
merely said, " down the road ?"—the answer was,
" yes ;" and they drove off with the infant at
speed. When near the turnpike by Phillimore-
place, the horse fell. The man jumped out, and
having raised the horse, sat off with increased
speed. At this time the Lady had divested her-
self of both her pelisse and veil. Nothing has
since been heard of the child, though every in-
quiry has been made at Hammetsmith and all the
surroundine, inns. The parents are almost dis-
tracted, but are too poor to make further pur-
suit. The infant was very sickly "anti weak. It
is supposed from the Lady knowing the name of
the mother, and the few words that passed with
the driver, that the whole was a preconcerted plan.

A warehouse in Wallace-court, Bell-street,
Glasgow, was broken into last week, .two desks
therein forced open, and a Loudon bill for 1981.
carried off. A few days afterwards the owner of
the warehouse received, through the Post-office,
the folloWing letter, enclosing the bill stolen :

" CoRNELUs 11ROWN—I nc.thing indebted to you
now, but eighteen pence in copper--which I shall honourably'
pay when 1 return from Paiseky Fair.—Yong servant,

. .
" A PUBLIC KOBER.
" P. S. Things is de-yilish dull otherwise I would not. have
taken the Copars. " W. S."

irhe letter is written in a feigned haid ; and,
troth the Address on the outside, it is obvious that
the author can not only spell well, but that he is
a very good penman.

A few days since, as GoDFREY WEBSTER
was taking an airing on horseback, he observed
lying on the brink of one of is ponds in the
Abbey-park, aMa ha. which led him to fear
that some person had drowned himself; lie there-
lore lost no time in getting the pond dragged, by
means of which the body was soon found, and
proved to he that of a young man, who worked
as a journeyman collar-maker at Battle. It is
supposed he had lain two hours in the water, con-
sequently no hopes of resuscitation could he enter-
tained.. Disappointment in a love affair is sup-
posed to have driven him to the rash act. his
remains were taken to %Vadhurst, where his rela=.
lions live.

It is well worthy of remark, that no former
Lottery was ever known to contain so few Nom-
hers its the present (2,900) ;rand when it is consi-
dered that there are 'lwo Pt izes of 20,0001. mod
that an opportunity of gaining 40,0001. is offered
to Adventurers, by purchasing Tickets of the
same Number, the rapid Sale which they have al-
e dy expetienced is out at all astonishing.

REVIEW.

I :EMS of ENGLIN), or t;ie 'triumphs of The Late

NlAuluce. EvAss, Army .Ind Navy

uerchas seldom appeared vorl; r ore
ATI,,NAL than the present. It nut my-in.
Irrizes a hri,t; but a satistactory t it the
.glorious atchievements ut our Gallant ID: t. n:ters,
nv St'a and land, during the whole of the late
\tar, bur biographic notices of the several herOes.
No:lting of iinLo'rtance in the progress at (air-
\varlike ,opt:r.-stioris 4,as been tin'titied, And whi!e
the. \vork records the valour and nasd an ! mili7
rary skill of the British Nat,ion, it al;o'l ccords its
gratitude. Our various
.tritouphs are faithfully
represented, am) the thanks of :he Empire, as
conveyed through Parliament, are registered with
equal cotregtocss and impartiality.
'late work commences with an account of the
Naval Victory, of Lord Howe in the.yenr 1794.
The Thanks of both Houses to the Heroes who
obtained it follow, and throughout the work, in
tire account of every, trinutpli of our Arms, the
same order is observed,: and due honours are ren-
dered to all who distinguished themselves. on
every memorable occasion, Our atchievements its
India, as well as those in the Peninsula of Europe,
and down to the destruction of Algiers, as well as
to the restoration of tranquillity in India, are all
included ; and, upon the whole, we believe the
British Empire never had a more comprehensive
abstract of its Naval and Military Character more
gratifying to the People anal more honourable to
the Country. . .
The ,Work_constitutes a body of information
that forms roost valuable materials for the Hist°.
rian, and is calculated, we will. not say to excite
emulation in .our Countrymen, for they never can
want a stimulus when their country is endangered
or insulted, hut it will shew them that their
efforts will not, pass without that most gratifying-
reward, the applause, the esteem and veneration of
their contemporaries, and the grateful remem-
brance of the lateS(posterity. We therefore pay
our hearty tribute of thanks, in which we are sure
we shall be folloWed by our Countrymen,- in pro..
portion as the Work becomes known, and it must
soon be known universally, to the ingenious author
and compiler, and we see with anich pleasure that
his patriotic heal and indefatigable assiduity haul
been in a great measure rewarded by a very exten-
sive subscription, including some of the most
illustrious of our Countrymen.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF Au u. IS.

OPERA HOUSE.-WATERS V. TAYLOR.
JUDGMENT ONCE NIORE SUSPENDED;

The LORD CHANCELLOR On coming into Court
observed, that more calculations in this case were
presented to him, and' he enquired of the agents
what they meant ?
Mr. MILLs, Solicitor for Mr. Waters, replied,
that the former calculation was wrong, and that
it was necessary a new and correct one should su-
persede it.

The LenD CHANCELLOR asked if the parties
Were agreed in the Lew clicnlation
he Solicitors answered-No ; the differences
bet ween them were tin) g re:it to be reconciled.

Sir S. RoM ILLY said, that 3.6901. had been paid
by Taylor on Waters' mortgage, yet that Waters
claimed the whole of the mortgage.
Tilt! LORD CHANCELLOR Said he question was,
whether he should order the 28,0001. out of the
fund in Court, deducting the 36001. to be paid
iiito the hands of the Aeconntant•General,
to the exceptions in the Master's Report, and
that, he added, must depend upon affidavits which
were laid before him. Sc) long ago as April.
Mr. HART observed, that atter paying Mr. Wa-
ters what was due to him, Mr. Taylor would
have kit enough to satisfy all the other claimants.
Sir S. ROMILLY said, it was very hard that Mr.
Taylor'3 money should be ordered into Court,
while Mr. Waters was allowed to keep his in his
own pocket.•
The LORD CHANCELLOR then asked the Solici-
tors, if they 'were content that he should decide
the case according to the papers which were be-
fore him.

The Solicitors, Mr. MILLS and Mr. DuTTY,
severally answered in the affirmative ;,,,when
Lordship said, he should give judgment to-morrow
-morning ; for winch purpose he desired the Soli-
Citors to at:end that Court at a quarter before nine
o'clock.

be Court will give judgment to-
morrow in all motions relative to the payment of
money into Court ; and his Lordship added, that
he had that moment signed. an order, by which
the office of the Accomptantftieoeral would be
kept open a few days longer than had been origi-
nally intended.

ANOTHER CHANCERY MANIAC.-111 the Court of
Chancery, on Saturday, the business was disturbed
by a young man, who has been 'several days in at-
tendance, and who was vilible to 'every person to
he insane. On Saturday .he sat amongst ti,e
sel, outside of the Bar, and immediately opposite
the Lord Chancellor, his countenance in continual
grimace. Directions were given that should
not be again admitted to that part of the Court.
Yesterday he again attempted to obtrude himself,
when ;11r. Baker (his Lordship's tipstaff) pre-
vented
him ; on which he raised a stick of 'colos-4
sal size, and attempted to strike him. Mr. Baker
seized him by the collar, and was forcing him out
of Court, when he called to his Lordship for pro.:
tection. Not being answered, he exclaimed, " I
shall go to the Prince Regent directly, and com-
plain of your Lordship's ,conduct. l mill go to
Brighton directly to him, cv:ti if I should walk
barefooted." He was then conducted Out of
Court ;. but in a few minutes found his way' into
the Vice-Chancellor's Court, and complained of
the indignity he had received from the Ltd
Chancellor. Not receiving any reply, he flourish
ed his stick, and Said by to-morrow his Lordship
should he s(-rved with an order from the Prince:
Regent to treat him with more respect in future.
He then walked about Lincoln's Intl-square for a
considerable time. This unfortunate young man,
we understand, had been a Clerk in Messrs. Pea-
cock', °dice for some time ; hut those respect-
able Solicitors were obliged to discharge hide on
account of his incoherency of manner and incon-
sistency of conduct, although in all pecuniary
transactions lie bad been correct.

SOU;rill AMERICA.'

By an arrival from the United States, we have
received a set ies of Papers relating to there-esta-
:blishment of the Federal Govertiment,correspond-
ing to the United Provinces of Venezuela, and
the revival or-their former.Constitinion. On the
Bth Mav all the 'Chiefs of the Repubtrc, the ex-.
fisting 'Members of the Old Government,. and the
ttew Metal:Jet-% of the respective Provinces, as:
sembled at Cariaco, on the Main, where General
.Marino, in the absence of Bolivar, opened -the

-Congress, by a neat speech, in which he expressed
the great satisfaction he experienced at meeting
. his distirtgui4hed companions, all deewed to the
-same cause, .and assembled to. deliberate on the
• best measures to be adonted for the organization
of C e Gore' nment. He then concltided with the
.101briii4 words

"-Every'one`kuows that,•under all its reverses
of fortune,•the Republic has had no strongersu
port nor better friend than our wortLy tellOw-
paitiot, General Bolivar, and that all his views
have been directed tO the rc-establishment of tile-
Represcroative Govvrnment, which the people
early adopted as their fundamental Constitution,
though our aim must now he to give it more
energy, form': and unity. This has been his
-most ardent wish, and the reason why he has
twice called together the Congress, whose meet-
ing has been unavoidably retarded- by political
tOtations and_ military movements. ‘ But 'extr3-
-ordinary circumstances having occurred, of Ithich‘
you will soon he inlornied, I have considered it
advisable. to do, in the name and on behalf of the
supreme Chief, what he himself would do if he
were present, which is,' to instal the Provisional
Government conformably. toltreCoristit,Aion de-
creed by the Venezuelean Congress-, 'whilst, teat
in the time the Depnties assemble for a new
Congress, we.may be enabled to proceed i n to
the reforms and modifications deemed necessary
to our political institotions.''
The various Members of the Congress then
proceeded to deliberate on the expediency of es-
tabhshing.a regular form Of Government, in order
to give efficiency to the cause„-and promote the

• ,main object in view ; awl the basis of tile' same
• being established and agreed upon, General
vino resigned his command and withdrew, The
several Metithe's.ttren toot the oath prescribed by
the Federal Constitution, tinder the form /whiled
out in the same., An Act was then drawn up,..
stating, that both that clay the 'Federal Govern-
nient,was reinstated in all its braikehes, and an
Exe,Cntive Power-was named, cat. which General

.Bolivar and Don Fernando Toro were elected as

. the leaders. The Judges and other Funetiouaties
were also chosen, and Generals Bolivar and Ma-
rino reinstated in the command_of the armies.—
, The city of Assumption, capital of the island of
Margarita, vas-then fixed upon as the future re-
sidence of the Federal Government for the pre-
sent, and the Act concludes by the tollowng

, words:—
" Finally, we invoke. the mercy of the Most
nigh, hoping he will protect our wishes ; and
we solemnly declare, in the presence of Heaven,
and all :cations ot, the earth, that our constant
cfrorts sh4ll u::cer,tend to any other object than
to preserve in .p,Ace, and liberty, the bonournble
NO virtuous t• iiaot I,f the Venezuelean family,
through•u trait ot. his •goodness, from the
fury an i (revastat 101 l of despotism ; protesting at
• the sAu.e.time to. bury ()twelves under the ruins
of- the. Republic, rather than tour') to, the slavery.
, and chains we haTe. borne for three centuries,

which. by the ttilaninious wish of the chilkiren of

Columbia, our brethren; we •hare rent asumtvr
for ever. And. be it known to all, that we, the

undersigned Representatives, are resolved, and
.pledge ourseives by every. thing sacred in the eye
of th. Moral aild political man, to seal tvith nut-
,blcul this our patriotic determination !" etc
General Marino then issued the following •IIro•
-datum ion

• " PEIPPLE OF VENEZUELA!-!—Rise up to hail the
.day of independence and of freedom. Hail the
-glorious and hippy day for which the friends. *of
,humanity sighed, for . which the heroes of their
.country I.lstencd to shed their blood in the fi,.hl
of hatae, and the most virtuous citizens braved
-the executioner's hand.

".S0 many acts of prowess, so many and such
great
sacrifices shall not now be lost to your free-
4loin. Our prayers have obtained from Heaven
the "re-establishuiet,t of the Representative Go-
vernment, with which our political existence is
happily connected. Extraordinary circumstances,
in which- the finger of the All-Powerful is disco-
vered, have accelerated this desirable measure, to
which all the exertions of the magnanimOus Boli-
var were directed, as Well as the labours of his
worthy companions in arms.
Our Constitution may, perhaps, be some-
thing defective, as all such are when formed dur-
ing the effervescence of a sudden liberty. Its re-
establishment, however, was an indispensible step,
fit order to improve our institutions and, recover
our social existence. What hopes could we con-
ceivef or what confidence-could we inspire into
the political world, without unity and concert in

• our operations, without a common centre, with-
'Out a principle of organization and of liic, with-
a Government, in short, which should give
'';.;:our and action to the inanimate body of the
F public 't
, •‘ Fortunately the scene has changed, and soon
you see the prodigious effects.of a wise Ad-
ininfstration, and the religious observance of the
7pri;iciples of justice and universal philanthropy,
which will con-ciliate to us the friendship of nations
and the good will of the human race.
" Veoezuclians of all classes, parties, and opi-
nions once forget your mutual animosities,
and rally round the Government which has just
been reinstated for the salvation of your country.
The spirit of independence is inextinguishable in
Venezuela, and the obstinacy and ferocity of the
laniards deprive us of all hopes of reconciliation
and peace'. Choose then between casting them at
once from our country, which they have inundat-
ed with blood, and tears, or favour, by your
foolish divisions, their atrocious projcets of de-
Taststion and horror, till our beautiful country is

converted into H wide:and awful wilderness.
Mid • ye, also, ,Lpnriovs children of your
. •
coontry, who, fdiiiaillg mat taut aSSMSiUS that

impious connectioii which seilbehilizes the human
Heart, lave raised y,mr parricid4l hands,Hreturn
to us; fly to our arms, and let us agaiu call you
brethren.

" Let ns:all unite with the Representative Go.
vernrnent just established ; let us lend to it the
firn► support of our hearts ; Irt us cn-operatt
energetically wise and beneficent views,
4nd soon will Venezuela recover the benefits of

er in,iepencl'ence awl-natorAl grandeur, act
appear before the ►vorlil with all the dignity or he
roism'and virtue.

- (Signed) " SANTIAGO MARITIO.
" Head,gdarters, Cariaco,' May 10, 1817.i'

A Decree was next issued, confirming Brion as
Admiral in' Chief of the Venezia!lean squadron ;
anOth6r to change the name of me island of Mat-
garita into that of New Sparta, in consugnenee of
the heroic conduct of its inhabitants ; and a third,
dedaring tliat the national llag henceforward was
to be a yellow field with seven bine stars thereon,
to repreaent'tt e seven .cdnfederated provinces.

mys rEitious MURDER.
