DUTCH AND FLANDERS MAIL.

, SAXONY, :MAY 31.—1 c is believed that our con-
tingent, the Command of which has been given by
his Majesty to Lieutenant-Genetal Le Coq, will
be SOOO men, of whom 1000 will be cavalry.

GHENT, JUNE 11.-We have received certain
accounts from La VCn(l6e. The two brothers, La
Roche Jacquelin, have roused the whole country.
Already several brilliant airlirs have signalised the
courage of the Royalists, who make ,daily and as-
tonishing progress. Iris affirmed that they have
fifty cannon, taken from Huonaparte's troops, and
there-seems no doubt but that *efficacious assist-
ance and the presence of a great personage would
give thes'e faithful subjects a degree of energy and

enthusiasm which would spread like lightning
from the West to the South and interior of France.
The 9th of May was the last day of the month's
delay granted by Bnonaparte, to the Officers who
have followed the King and the Princes. By
Buonaparte's law, when this delay is expired, all

military persons who do not return to France, have
made themselves liable to the penalty of death add
the confiscation of their property. The superior
Officers on duty at Ghent, or there by permission,
resolved to celebrate this dayas an epoch of honour.
They met at an entertainment, when after the
healths of the King, of the Duchess d'Angouleme,
the heroine of France and of 69 Royal Family ; they
drank to " The deliverance of the COuntry and
the fall of the Tyrant." This numerous Meeting
engaged their honour never to submit, whatever
circumstances or events may fake place, to the ty-
ranny of Buonaparte ; to employ ,their whole
lives, and all their efforts to contribute to his (le-
struction, and never to separate their fate from
that of the King and the Royal Family. The
funeral oration of such of the Officers present at
the contrticti»g of this 'engagement, as shall
fall in this just. and holy cause, shall be
publicly pronounced by one of the senior
Officers of the same rank as the one who has
fallen. All contracted the engagements mutually
to assist and stand by each other as brothers.
A Proces Verbal of these engagements of honour
was drawn up and signed by all the Officers pre-
sent.—(Jour. de Gand.)

BRUSSELS, JUNE 12.—8 y a decree of the King,
of the sth June, the levy of the militia from the
age of 18 to 35, is ordered in the countries newly
incorporated with the kingdom; it will be made
according to the regulations already fixed. The
contingent of these new.proyinces is 6000 men.
The city of Liege, gives a bounty of 400. franks
to each of the: first 300,volunteers who offer for
its contingent.—(Jour. de Belgium, June 13.)

RATISBON, JUNE s.==The linperial Prince of
Austria arrived here yesterday afternoon with a
brilliant suite, and was -received with all the
honourS due to his rank. He departed this morn.
ing for head-quarters.
BAMBERG, JUNE 6.-The funeral of his High.
nesi the Prince of Wagnim took place yesterday
evening, with all the honours due to-his rank.

BRUSSELS, JUNE 10.-The French army conti-
nues to concentrate itself, and takes a defensive
position.—(Haarlem Ceur. June .13.)

BAMBERG, JUNE 4.—The follcwing are some
particulars of the death of Prince Berthier:—FOr
some days preceding, a remarkable change in his
manner had been observed. General SaCken, who
dined with him on the 31st May, at his father-
in-law's, the Duke of Bavaria, told him he
was charmed at seeing him among the stri:lll num-
ber of persons who had remained faithful to
their King: these cvords disconcerted him so, that
he was at a loss for an answer. He had passed
all the morning of the Ist at the window, Ob-
serving with a perspective glass the Russian troops
as they went in ; he afterwards Went up to the
third story, to" the apartment of his children ; he
dismissed the servant, and threw himself out of
the window. His .son, yet a child endeavouring
to catch him by the foot, was nearly dragged out

of the windOw With him- The tall 'cr's 50,vtl!e
lent, from the height, that he was 1cl!et! 11O)ora.
spot, his liead beilig dreadfully fractored.(

de, June 13.) 1011°W;
LETTER FROM PARIS, JI)N7 3.--" The de
coniP
are some particulars respecting tile

Mai .. - Peet
. The thurper, pressed by the parties st'"
and even govern him, and bei unable t° go beck,
m.,'
of
lie published, on the 31st May the Prognialii-
a take°
at the ceremony
possible
pfroercat the .i
01st s June, after
ialtfteiri
jib a
irill"evont old
danger. Among other ,measures he had
cb3vgiet
theG whole corps of. :0-ificers of the. 14:1370'yf
prtore.**e.(eisdier by(l'
abydeaerDeeectroe-tie .roefutolime ifoll9it°°°l°f atil°:
iccuei.erflevtoOlooinliffiycce:rrss o. f tiltite
tGbientiricticsitisiunrceluddietstfipBelol,:fiErittbef
11 s throne, htehehatllioPtitlstacietlls to
stohledireigrshrtlfirjrese;°,lr?'
the several regiments o!. the army, and had ;her
edlpnioil
clnoely .12,117
oppositeßeiu•e sent Represent-iaet theitvi,:rsotnife.
lf;
In
o thep l ebT:3_,:lct.ep ;el;
Mai, and' round the place destined for theo,oo/'
men,
cohnesilsitaitlligraansgev,d.,eliiii
oofutienr)oo:sl,),;ttrliee, aiiii:,,yea,i
besides
National Guards, reorganised, anti had 01/11:cort
beitsi les a very numerous body of cavalry t°.rainl
} t from the Thuilleries to the Clain!' del,‘l4,l' ;be
)ack again, while he hadmiisephnr.etphsoklerne:ii,°°2,rfrboitot/
Champ te Mars, behind the army, se3tsi I of
theWhichmight_fete.—(Journal de Leyden, June 10./ Aiscoli.
FREsBUEG, MAY 28.—For some- time "c-poikif
tents have been secretly fermenting sand the.
caused by the oppression of the 'Turk ills'
cruelties they have committed there. rfl'eseffla
contents have now broken out in operfrevaitt: 9 of
tgreater part of the Servians vvith the eVerivriseti
hose wt:olive on the fiontiet; of Albaiiia,h,ve bodies
in several'
0 st
''Pon the Turks, and are advancing
against the, fortresses. One body has larelY Poe!.
leagues final
Pry
ed itself before Ostru»isza, two
grade, and another before Schabalz II il
s
tended they are 'supported by
executed,
Reese!, Paella of New Orsowa, who hhas 01'51
the. br°therbeett
Stitt b9er °I
anummwhich
is
tstaiimidatteh,ai tatthleoy,ofouort
it ion, and auxiliary troops, the''l.chs,
.
Governor ot'Belgrade sent 3CIOG men"' --,lrcgetits'
in5i..,,,..010,
_brother, three weeks ago, against. the
rlo accounts have been received of this °Per°
(Journal de 11,ankfort, June, 9.) ' .

FRENCH PAPERS•

Chancellor p(Fresr"lidet
dh
.e Journal de Paris.)
--.----
Yesterday . ester'
PARis, JUNE to.—The Council of state iifeb.,
day met at the Thitilleries. The Prince
I er iof
perial Guard in the different corps
imen s
Guard left
There
Paris to proceed t'o the arrnies.tbeio.
will be, it -is said, detachments o/f , .
some more reg. tof tbellPl,
. Since yesterday-tlie different
Gita,rdaeriei, ,tt.'
ages duty at the Louvre, the r bt"-- SEC. .
d'arateoe't r ots
rat!" is Royal, the Palaces of the Priece:.'bie, irons`
. 4
toi:h4ree thousand cannon of various Ow sory for
been already landed. They
8-pounders, .trith all the shutoutIteoilen P:t
200
rounds, have been brought f i. boo
Paris by -water carriage. Many
the tilrfleuu9
two General Officers, equally
artillery. found in the different maritime Nretweetz
are,the Sol- trioes.
. On the 7th instant a duel took o.lce, b
tu the
devote" .0 anti
country and the Emperor. Generals 011101 sre
Bonnet, in consequence of a dispute ofLwoois de
kßnowr.ot the cause, had a meeting at "ice nistol'
oulogne. There 6,1 each fired' threherotber.
shots, without either of them hittil,l:l the
an
Night compelled them to separate.
and'l-`e' fired e`
thethey recommenced the combat, one obo'
same .time while running in oP°l3s, it. 5935 f
tie
let' The result of this unfortunate al!a boort
that. General Ornano received a ball his h. Vire
and General Bonnet another in the thig".„ortal•
have not learned whether their wounds are too
After
Prince Jerome commands a divisj°n eral.
try, under the orders of a LieutenantGo! cone
It is said that Marshal ?Icy will bare P
mand of great importance. . f 0.11;
Tourna
Joachim, the Lazaroni of Naples malntre LP
f•
the French whom they toet• f strict °
the departure of the Cottrt 0a....a stl
Since the Bth inst. in consequence-0 obeo('
dens from the Governor or Live, the
..., have
that ,c_lLYe itIO
y , and Bethune gates of
been shut. All persons Who enter or noel!
city are closely examined. Infortnatial!l;ooceir
received that-agents from Ghent 1140 I,,ll.ogafte
themselves into the city : search is: 01"1
them. ' . i
clewrtr°'
There daily arrive at Bayonne Span's°, ...aga'll,sAt
who apply to go to serve in the Nortot ,elO the
English, who would ,not secure to. there
liberal • ; ;
Const.tut.on of the Cortes ! 1 •ea
A isol
Lieut.-General Count Hullin ye-ster.treY
tall
the following General Order :--- , ~.r, tb°,,,- ir
It being the intention of his Alajesty the ..ioPc":;ir to tii3ei
()ftierswlio have received letters of service
ord;,ation 1.11,
i corP 'f tot
destination, the General inforinsthein of thehrr,- e
nyc. under to set off within 12. hours to rejoin t chief o
.a. of
Officers of the Staff of Paris, and especiallY teecutl°'
Military ' Police, are charged to watch over the
oio{
this order. ' who " 00
The Staff and superior Officers and others, . /wig, Vol.
yet received letters of -service, and who aorejn. 7, rtie 'd to
. present themselves to-the of of thr place ~..„, ,issigtel jot
destinatico,
them by the Minister at War. The Officers oF _ ogs° P
they will receive
no paftill they prove that ttfeY
Pit'
~
sented themselves" t Militall 1 irlv
lii the departm;tits forrnin,
, part of the Is • tits viloor.
sion, the Major-Generals coininandiii, Departioe.o34 e
0.
Dr
the rtuoStb 113
mediately tale the necessary tneasaref
Con of the instructions of the War Minister, 0
relative to all disposable*Officers of Infantry.
French Funds, 54 f.... 1 oc. 00
~„roent
MAUBEUGE, JUNE 7 .-.--Great. ril.C-- these`
rto ,
taking place on all the points of our a Y ~.ose ,
d by t" • ell
movements are 'probably occasiooe
st, ha, be
the enemy, who for some (18375 Pa nioolent cSS
concentrating his masses. We everi (11, sib
pest the Emperor : his arrival will be
au ido 0
of hostilities. It is impossible to i:Priclorp,., '0;
the enthusiasm ‘vhicit reigni lire" I biovs tl'
ralry, infantry, all burn to come 0
first shock tvill,be terrible.

Apro,.
, MAILS: , ,
tb,",")--1 Holland, Corunna 1 Flanders, I Guernsey
41.17; ut.eSi, I Ihthlin Waterfor2d. DUE-1 GOttellbtlrght
-.4'1°4, '1
Dblin, Waterford.

PRICE 0
hank stnck, Yffig IJAY AT T
4 ~ei•
h.ut(•nt. itrd. 51q
I ts".r Cent. Cons. sl4o•Cons. 69 1 ''A'- Cent. Navy AnnA. shut
hi.61%1 lr -
.. •

' STOCKS
• r.r.v F. io.(.!LtilK.
5 per Cent. Scrip.
Bank L. Ann. I 3i 15-16ths
India ponds, 7s. ‘is. dish
Excheq. Bills, 4s. Is. dis.
Cons. tur July, 55ii

406141 ATER Xl` LONDON nnIDGE TO-MORROW.
4.'81 ittiliutcs after 10. I Et-ning, 2 utinutes after 11.

THE SUN.

"LOl DICEHE FAL4AIf AUDEAT ?

LONDON.
I'1? I D. 11; JUNE 16, 1815

SUN-OFFICE, Half-past Oqe o'Clock.
Preparing our remarks for the clay, we
tari,
rece•
tved and seen letters from the British
Ilead
6'gainers in Belgium, up to the date of
"(t,l
4Y last. -

It44V
°°ketnent of the Allied Force in this quarter
di Place on the preceding day, when the
eat dtvisions closed up, and took their ap-

We are informed that a great

positions
,On f preparatory to active operations
L °-
these letters mentions that accounts
qai den positively received of the arrival of Bud-.
itVart e Palencienues. This is
p recisely in front
4f the lone which we described, on the 2d inst., as
tlktt
Ille
tot hth
akee Duke of Wk:LLiNGTON had resolved
; and we may assure a Public, anxious
lave "libation on this imp.ortant point, that we
liegeiod reason for believing that his Grace has
el
et z 414441 i° fight the Enemy at Steinkirelt, the
tit of his advancing to the attack. Steinkirch,

Itetr
gsti will then be memorable for a contest of a
Veto cliff
°rent result from that which on the 24th
160
has rendered it celebrated in history.
f "la miles from Mans, between 20 and
4Ylaul'ege, and between 30 and 40 from
Posit: 4-
'the .R•
iver Sonneque covers the
404
'.*.*linst momentous news may, therefore,
tothe
litatilY expected.

BY.• aCCOunts TWO O'CLOCK.
N-e ieatq t from a very respectable quarter,
td ea Rostilities have actually commenc-
. a° far
1,1 th4t
,a& an affair of outposts may be viewed
A p
liet. There has been bl
dshed between-
tte and ouru.ptenb '0 tos,s, on te Frontier
oo
be-
, .
ri
°
attain urtray and Lisle, though we could not
!le. particulars.
Qir
ktthin sl!ver Letters of tlris day assure us, that
Pratt g arrived there yesterday from the coast of
ee.
%trot. tik.nce the reports of an etn6argo are
uorat ed.

Cli, ....„1111••••.....,
-.
f the
, 41 roil"
~
..minor French Papers of Saturda witeier (1 Its y
"'ay to Town in addition to the 1110-
ts ,t: ‘jvhettee oar extracts were yesterday made.
ere Iltents are translated under the usual head.
call
Nile , he no longer any doubt that the inter-
klttli p uetweett Great Britain and France has
'letl P('liihite(l, and an Embargo laid upon the
br, 'Y's p
"tibt ('''ts• These measures render it iin-
-114 e fo
t I.
us t• • 1 to ascertain Avile-
Cll dill y
the „
efp "'Vernent of BLIONAPARTE'S tiepin....
(%t c 44 Paris ..kt,' S/14
of
on the evening of the 10th,
try Yesterday) is or is not well founded.
to „ ittterid.
14:(1tilir i ant circumstance however conspires
th,tiel.:ll::. i,tt the opinion, that he must have
Pee s"),lition to leave the Capital about
lio„. ")(1. H.
ttgbirig, 11, ' is daily organ indeed, after men-
"' ti) -at
44
it 13 said, he set out on Satin--
Nit e4jug .. . , '
' Immediately assumes the fact, and
71,, 1t.% tie.
4 ,u 1 pi,ce:t_a" he was receited widi the discharge
K 4 iNkin of- art z Ile ry at every fortified place, and
.r 41,1 ? Cie review V tkani." The latter pa-
' 'ltli ' IN, ,
ttl, tvt 4 V't of being a translation;—in Eng-
! 11" " reviewin," and not " making a
44
la (‘‘ Passertl,cr,r''ts,,b en revue") ;-and may there-
titllo be Considered its derived from att-
• jilt
tb„lr!‘th „ why did the Loyal Writer trouble
coutilil, 1,1. v::'3lee. n:Ystifying 4, it is said," since he
Ititl4l 1101 h,"( en!'ugh to know that his M. st 2r
114.1 'tiloi I received at all the fortified places
4 (41),,,,age, of artillery, yea, to the identical
'io, '101,„
''''''' unless ! dREALLY left Paris!
tt to q littt , , tSB he had
kii ti II
situ
1 't
' an tibicpiarian himself, announced
, ,ot,. ende•
to IN . avonting to prove that he was
Ilt 4 ' e"1 Lou,loo,
I'Ne ttieveli ; he may possibly
sr,vish it
to
it 4,14 that NAPot.coN is possessed of the
14114" itt 0111' 4'41 eat) multiply himself so as
,1444:e l'al, lee
at the heat; of the Army and
t., '4et Li , , -
1. ' '''.i b. 4) see• Now though this ;nay til-
-1
i
4‘4-11ihe, at present it is not so, as the
Ili
. __

Artily_ is in the ivortk,And not at Pads, armed Ole
Palace Elysie is in Paris, and ndt in the North.—
by and bye it is most likely they frill Sbnn be all
together, or we are much mistaken in the irromess
dnd force of the Allied Powers ! • •

Another of the current reports is, that 66 two
Chambers had been brought at length to return
" the Effusion of the Heart" with which they had
been treated, by an Address to NAPOLEON-7satis,
fied with which he marched off, accompanied by
the Bottle King, JOSEPH, and the Turrigona
Butcher, SO CH ET.

The actual contents of the 'Animal de Paris are
of little consequence. Three thousand more can-
non have been stript from the Sea Ports, to de-
fend or to overawe Paris.

A 'Brnssels anti Frankfort Mail supplies us
with various intelligence from different parts of
the Continent. Among other matters, it is stat-
ed from Brussels that, anticipating a siege, 40 of
the principal inhabitants of Lisle have been seized
by the Police, and on suspicion of being suspected
of Royalism, these free Citizens, under the new
Constitution, have been marched as State prisoners
into the interior, 30 leagues beyond Paris ! ! So
much for the liberty of person for which the peo-
ple of France are indebted to the Corsican apostle-
of their rights against the oppression of the arbi-
trary Government of the Bourbons !
Measures of similar violence have been resorted
to at Dunkirk.

There is a very interesting account of the pro-
ceedings of the Loyalist Officers' at Ghent, on the
9th, the day when their permissiOn from the
Rebel to continue attached to their King and
country, under iienalty of death and confiscation
of property, expired. The fine and chivalrous
spirit which animated this assembly, is another
of the traits which we delight to record, as re-
demptory of the French national character, from
the degradation and infamy into which it has sunk.
The illustrious hand at Ghent swore to perish
in the cause of their So, creign, or rescue
their country from the chains of slavery : they
swore to live as brothers, united in the sacred dis-
charge of the first of duties which belong to them
as loyal subjects, as patriots, and as men.---May
their great example spread over their native land,
and be •tire source of many equally noble anti vir-
tuous associations

Acco'unts from ramberg 'give a detail of the
suicide and burial of BERTHZER, so long suppos-
ed to be the adviser and right hand of ,BuotiA-
: P,ARTE. Under the ci-devant Imperial GOvern.
meet- he was created Prince of Neufchatel and
Wagram, Vice Constable of-the Empire, Colonel-
General of the Swiss, &c. BERTHIER was of a
respectable family, being the son of the Go-
vernor of the War Office, with whom be was
conjoined in office previous to the Revolution. He
was with LA FAYETTE in America, where he
obtained the rank of Colonel, and rose to be
Marshal of France and Wai• Minister through all
the rapid gradations which attended the military
career during the last twenty-five years. BERTH lER
was always diStinguished for moderation, though
firmly attached to BUONAPARTE, whose Chief of
the Staff he was in Egypt, and to whose cause,
up to the date of the Treaty of Paris, be on num-
berless. occasions rendered the greatest services.
It seems very doubtful whether be adhered to his
King or to the Usurper at the tragical close of his
eventful life.

We have received a letter dated Deal, 15th
June, from which we learn that accounts have
been received by the fVellmgtrn Packet, just ar-
rived from Ostend, that the Post Office Packet,
commanded by Captain RUTTER; was.- y!sterday
ordered at that Port to wait the arrival of the
Duke of CUMBERLAND, who was expected this
day or to-morrow to embark from thence for Eng-
land.

If has been stated, on the authority of private,
letters from India, that the operations of our
army against the Fort of. Kalunga had been re-
sumed ;—that the' 53d regiment, with grenadiers
and the light companies, had stormed the Fort,
but were obliged to retreat. This intelligence
was communicated to us some time ago on private
authority, but on sifting the evidence on which
the fact was stated, we firmly believed that it
was a mere surmise founded on the fact commu-
nicated some time ago, that the. attack was cer
tainly to be renewed,
and the 53d Regiment to be
employed on that service. We can state positive-
ly, t' a up to this time, there is no authentic in-
telligence 'with respect to the second attack.—The
importaon of the position is such, that every effort
will probably be made to gain it ; and from the
account we have received of the preparations for
resuming the assault, we have not the least dOubt •
that we shall soon have intelligence of the acqui •
sition- of this strong-hold.

PLYMOUTH, JUNE 13.—The Camperdnwn, LES-
Lig, from Lisbon, passed up Channel this,utort►-
ing ; sixty transports had arrived in the Tagus, in
order to take on hoard Portuguese troops, but it
was suppost-d the: ealbarkation would- not take
place until orders were received float the PEINC3
REGENT in the BriaziL.
