eee.
~,e eee• ''' '
' the. same subjiet. e ;Ile had'-eead there witheattention>and thtlaeaain their gt'el4 hetedlitigeleteled the ladies down that
his mind was' ;still of the seine •Opinkineas ie.alwayst hid 1 roonelNltives 'atith)ilke;'eitte-Platinction of foreign coon-
been, which-, WeS-4hat this onestime "e Vie -644- of settle- tries, rata then:•cemplaineif of *he too great cheapness of
mert, and yet never would be settled. This might seem Corn. e--._ A gentleman, a! friend offs, was reading to him a
to be a paradox,:. but he would explain his meaning.— 3 lettereehe other day, which breathed the spirit of the most
They were told by mane:enlightened men in the country, I Profit-end philosophy upon the subject of National Govern-
he meant the Protestant Dieseaterse-that because the Test' ,euent. it was from' lhlreeleffertion, the President of the
and' Corporation Acts had been repealed,' they must by ne- United States of America; to Major Cartwright, and i
:
ceseity concede the same thing to the Catholics. This be I concluded with
denied—there was no necessary connection between reli-
gious liberty and Catholic concessions.—(Cheers from one
or two individuals.) 'l'he fact was, religious liberty could
net exist in its full region in a country where there was an
Established Church, though it was true that an Esta-
blished Church might see very solid reasons for being to-
lerant ; but still, where there was an Established Church,
doctrines must labour under an inconvenience, so that in
short Religious Liberty could not be said to exist where
there was an Established Church. But lie would ask
if the House of Commons were prepared to discuss that
question ? For his own part, be would at once say, that
he had rather vote against all Established Churches than
hazard getting a worse than we now have.—(Cheers
and laughter.) It was said, and the assertion was
enforced by the many talented men who distinguished
the Association in Ireland, and had been re-echoed
in this country, that the claims of the Catholic
were fieintled in justice. Let this be proved, and
lie would vote for them to-morrow.—(A cry from the
lower end of the room of " No, no ; I say no.")—He was
sorry if he was misunderstood by the burgesses—what he
said was, that if the justice of the claims was proved, he
would vote for them to-morrow.--(A cry of "That will
do.")—ln perfect accordance with that declaration, . he
would say, that if there were no Established Church in the
country; he would vote to place the Catholics upon the
same footing as the Dissenters, for then there would be I no
Dissenters at all.—(A laugh.)—The Catholic Claims had
no more to do with religious liberty than had Paganism or
the religion of the Hindoos. The Catholic and Protestant
Established Churches were both political contrivances' to
keep vulgar men in order—(a)augh);—but both were
governed by the same princiPle—to make the mind of man
subservient to the high Priesthood ; but with this ditier-
ence—the Pope wished them all to think as he did ; but
the Established Church gave them leave to think as they
liked, provided they paid its clergy for thinking as they
do---(Cheers and laughter.)--Jle telt quite assured, how-
ever, that if he himself, or any of those who were on that
occasion assembled together, lived 50 years hence,' they
would find that the question would be—not whether the
Catholice of Ireland would be emancipated, but whether
the Church of England would be tolerated.—(Loud cheers.)
The match of intellect must at last prevail in preventing
the • eontinuance of the plunder of the community-_
(Cheers.)—ln the way in which •the'question of Catholic
Emancipation at present came before the public, he was not
prepared to Ray that it was inexpedient or utenecessary, to
comply with the demand ; but this he would say, if such a
measure should be pi °posed by the Duke of Wellington's
Administration, and the question • would never be carried
by any other, but if the Duke should propose the measure,
he could assure them that they would find many' very mar-
venous conversions in that town.—(Great laughtee.)lf:
it were possible to serve up a dish of the clergy in the shape
of a fry, and if• as many personteas were then present were
eager to partake of it, and if there were only as many phi...
eons as there were churches in the borough, the conversion
of parsons into 5,000, in order to satisfy the demand, ivotild
be nothing more extraordinary.tban the miraculous con-
versions they would then witness. He had no hesitation
in stating, that if the Duke of Wellington should propose
the Catholics should be enianeipateffWithout army qualifiea-
tion, lie for one should vote against it.—(Cheers.)—For
this determination he would give them his reason. -If ;lie
thought that concessions to the Catholics, in the' most Un-
qualified sense, would put an end to the question, he would.
vote in favour of those concessions. But he was satisfied
that no man could think that the Catholics of Ireland in-
tended to be, or that they ought to be, satisfied with that
measure. Could any man believe that they could be more
efficiently represented by Catholic members than they are at
pre.ent. If they wanted a redress of their grievances, and
God knows the catalogue way black and long enough,
he would ask if any portion of the community was more
efficiently represented in point -of number, or more
ably reprdsented with respect to talent, than were the
inhabitants of Ireland. Even their own humble re-
presentative, who then had the honour of-addressing them;
had only to explain and to denounce an act of oppres-
sion, in order to invite to the subject the attention of the
Hume of Commons. Was it then to be supposed, when
they looked at the talent which distinguished the present
Irish Representatives, that that country would be better re-
preseoted, because Catholics could have the privilege of
being returned? No, but the question resolvei itself to
this, and rightly does it do so. If he were a Catholic, and
he was saying this as if he were one, he could not, nor in-
deed could any honest Catholic who maintained the ideh-
tity of his religion with the state, be satisfied without a
suitable endowment for his church. By whom, then, was
that church to be endowed ? By whom did Sir F. Burdett
propose that it should be endowed ? By the British public.
(Cheers. )—But lithe proposition should be that there should
be no bone of contention, that there should be no esta-
blished Church, or that the Catholic clergy should he en-
dowed out of the revenues of the Protestant Church ; then
lie would be inclined to entertain it, but he never could
vote for the 'Catholic question unless this were to be made
one of the conditious, because they were already taxed
to nteintain one church, and it would be too much to
be taxed for the maintenance of another—(Cheers.) He
haul now gone into a subject for a few minutes, which had
never before been touched upon in that town, but which
had occupied men of the rarest talents as many days 'and
nights. The preeent'occasion, however, was inappropriate
for entering deeply into the subject—(hear, hear, hear,)
but lie wished to make himself clearly intelligible. Ile
was clearly convinced of this, that Great Britain and Ire•
laid could not remain a United Kingdom unless the prin-
ciple of conciliation was adopted. There was no difficulty
in adjusting them, if the Government would act with
firmness, and honestly pursue proper measures.—(Cheers.)
One thing was too plain, that religion had no more to do
with the question than the mown had in imparting day-
light at 110011. It was simply a contest between the two
rival establielimente, one endeavouring to keep what they
had got, and the other endeavouring to get back a portion
of what they had lost. (Cheers.) If his choice was to be
required as to which he would have as an established Re-
ligion, without any very great veneration for the Pro-
testant Religion, he would still decide in its fa.
Your, because he believed there were several parti-
culars in which it was superior to the other. The Ca:.
tholic Question was not one of Religiou, but of state
policy ; but if Government thought they could quell it
by entercing martial law, they would be disappointed and
elefeeted; .and every honest man must desire that such
would he the Fee*. The sebjeet two pomplicateq, 40
was.no less interesting than complicetet), but it was itne
possible for him to do justice to it at a popular meeting
such as that, combined as it was with purposes of festivity
also. He would only say, that when it was alleged against
hie) that hp W4a *44 to vote qq the Catholic %testicle,
through a sleyish fear that the bergesses:of Colchester would
be offended, ited would reject him—(Hear,)—the persons
who made these allegations, or who formed such opinions,
knew nothieg of hieler--(Leed eheeliee.)---He 00'414 feel
no pride in being the liondetnee, end 'if at any thee
the general current of -his and their opiuions ' should
differ materially (he would not bend himself, and of
course lie could not expect them to belle), he
ehoeld epayide it
44 as admenitien 4114 tee ;:in.!
nection should' be aissolved, and lie should resign
his delegated authority into their hands.—(Cheers.)—He
would caution them not to expect much from him. He
had entered upon life with the most sanguine sentiments
iipor, :-.:apy eubjeees ethic!' lie since found to be a!teeether
impracticable-ethe power of tile' felt was #o great, and the
pnwer of the many so little, that it was diffictilt tO•eifact
any thing in the shape of improvement. At the present
day Patriots were a cheap commodity—a man had only to
develop a system of Government, and make an elaborate
speech once a itieseiee, so ee to c-taka a ligeee i.-ti the papeq
and no farther, theiv Was itieerid. of his tittil.ty, and ' the
country had him a Patriot at a cheap price. 'flee truth,
however, was, that the present system was so ovetwhelined
;hot po !minim efforts could make any essential inroads
upon it. 1110, National Debt had enlisted the fears
of all those who had i'ot 'any 'iutii, ' ii4'ettt or's:Pall,
invested in the funds, so that though a man should
say that lie was a friend to reform, it would be Lund
that he was so in theory only, and not in practice. With
mpl.::;t to reform, the theory and practice of must men dif-
ferent' upoo titelelifet.e; the iettein- Intui.,:: of reform /raa
, . . . ..
annual Parliaments--but annual ParliaiOeets ' would be it
curse, unless it was accompanied with other things. The
exorbitant e xpenses of elections could not be borne.—
(Hear, hoar, and loud cheers ) The Member for Nor-
wicl; woad tell them this, when he bad to carry his voters
one blind-red miles to the poil, while his flags bore the in-
scription of "Reform ;"but dots it wee, inane were re-
formers in theory only, but few in practice. Then, if free
trade was mentioned, they would find that every person
who was not a farmer was for it. (A laugh.) He could
assere the fai,,:eor% that hi, 40,,, was blocked me oeF,
sionally by noinfaCiniers, *lilting him to advocate the pro-
hibition of certain goods in which they dealt as manu-
facturers,. They complained of the corn laws, and

" Tan to ra ra, rogues all."

(Immense laughter.)—There might be something of va-
nity in the assertion ; but he felt that lie was justified in
suying that he did not believe that any loan entered the
house of Commons so free from influence of any kind,
whether it regarded the corn laws or taxation, as-himself.
He could not be affected by there, and of course to him
they were unimportant. Could others, he would ask, say
as much ?—(Cheers)--and yet he was told that he was an
enemy to the laws, when they gave a high price for that
article. He would not forsake the burgesses as long as
they approved of his conduct, bet when they did not do
so, he should resign his trust into their hands. The Hon,
Gentleman then concluded by giving as a toast " Prospe-
rity to the rights of the Burgesses of Colchester, and may
they always have the independence to defend them." Ha
then sat down amidst loud and enthusiastic cheering from
all parts of the room.
The CHAIRMAN then said he had to propose a toast
'which he was sure would meet with prOper honours, it
Was the health of a fellow-townsman who had distin-
guished himself as the advocate of freedom, and the op.;
poser of slavery, he meant, Mr. Thomas Keymer. This
Wiest was drank with great applause.

Mr. KEYMER. rese and returned thanks in a .most.elo-
quent speech, of which the following is an outline :—After
thanking the meeting,for the honour just conferred, he oh-
' served that he would not take up their time by descanting
on the subject with which his name had been coupled,
he was sure no person in that room was indifferent to the,
situation of a slave. Liberty was dear to us all, but let
us use our exertions that the whole world may enjoy•it.
(Cheers.) He would say no more on this subject, it was
not one which constituted any part of the business they.
were then met 'hi discuss. it was but seldom they had
opportunity of meeting their worthy Representative, such
occasions were few and far between,". but he rejoiced
that they did sometimes occur, when his (Mr. Harvey's)
constituents could express their approbation of his con-
duct in Parliament; their connexion was. cemented by
esteem, and so long as he remained true to the principles he
has hitherto maintained, he would not be deserted by the
Free Burgesses of Colchester; it was a connection that no
poWer could sever—a Representative that did his duty had
many difficulties to encounter. Mr. K. then took a review
of the policy. pursued
.by_ the present Administration
was aware they had ninny important questions presied
upon their consideration; the manufacturing and agricul-
tural interests were in a depressed state; he trusted they
would have the courage and ability to meet and alleviate
them ; lie trusted a straight-forward course of economy
would be pursued, not by abolishing a few situations, but
on a general plan ; and that the good of the people would
not be sacrified to the aggrandisement the few. If
they had this object at heart they' would not want the
suppOrt of their worthy Representative ; if it was, the cause
of the country he would be among the foremost, but if
their policy was to be narrowed and confined, .and attended
with prejudices which ought to have been exploded two
centuries ago, however they might be supported by the
Aristocracy and the Clergy; the Administration must fall.
Their worthy representative had done 'himself infinite
honour in voting for the
.repeal of the Test and Corpora-
tion Acts; for no religion, so long mit was not inconsis-'
tent with the welfare of the state, ought to he subjected!to
political disabilities; they were under great obligations 'to
Mr. Harvey,.hoth in and out of Parliament; there was no
case of distress but what he was ready to come forward,
and, to the best of hia ability, alleviate ; • and it was a fact
perhaps not generally known,.that the largest contiibution •
to the funds of a literary institution in this town, was
made by Mr. Harvey. The obligations he had conferred
on Colchester never could be forgotten ; they wanted no
monuments of wood or stone to perpetuate and keep theta
in recollection—he would say, in the language of a Scotch
poet— .„

" The bridegroom may forget the bride
Was made his wedded wife yest'reen ;
The monarch may forget the crown,
That on his head an hour has been ; . •
The mother may forget the child .- ,k!1
That smiles ao sweetly on her knee ; !`‘:
But I'll remember thee, my friend,
And all that thou bast done for me." -0.:

Mr. KEYNIOUR sat down amidst loud applause, which
lasted for several minutes.
At twelve o'clock Mr. Harvey and the Chairman with.,
drew from the loom, amidst general acclamation.
Mr. PHILBRICK was then called to the Chair, and the
harmony of the meeting was kept up to a late hour.

ELECTION OF AN ALDERMAN.

Yesterday the polling went on with great spirit.
At three o'clock the polling ceased, and
The LORD MAYOR declared that the result was
as follows:
Mr. Sheriff Copeland 245
Mr. Dove
Majority in favour of the Sheriff 4O
The LORD MAYOR then adjourned the Wardinote.

DINNER TO THE LORD MAYOR BY.
THE INHABITANTS OF HIS WARD.

On Monday a splendid entertainment was given
to the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor by the inhabi-
tants of the Ward of Cheap, of which his Lordship
is Alderman, at the King's Head Tavern, in the
Poultry.
The object was to congratulate his Lordship on
his having reached the civic chair, and about 100 of
the principal inhabitants sat doWn to dinner.
The DEPUTY of the Ward was in the'chait.

After "The King," " The Duke of Clarence,
and the rest of the Royal Family," Were drank enthusi-
astically, the health of the Duke of Wellington and
his ikiajesty's Ministers was proposed, and received
with loud cheering. His Grace was described by
the proposer as a man admirably qualified to carry
the wishes and intentions of a wise sad benevolent
Prince into effect. •He had distinguished. himself
most particularly of late, by adopting as a principle
that which the country had • long demanded as a
right, an .abatement of expenditure. The hand of
retrenelitaent was busily at work, and no doubt the
public burdens would be proportionably lightened,
arid public distress proportionably alleviated. •
The health of the Lord Mayor was theil Proposed,
and drank in the warmest manner. The proposer
of this toast congratulated the Ward upon . the
honour they enjoyed of having for the first time
within the last 40 years a Lord Mayor who was
Alderman of the Ward. of Cheap,
Tip Lott p MAyott returned tlianlcs,
c,:f tip grdinary dimensions,
TtohepCos:::
lively picture of that body was drawn, They were.
otti:uricit" was then given, and a
said
and to be influenced in all their actions by the spirit
of liberty arid independence.
Mr. BLE.IDES then proposed the "health ofAlder-
man. Thompson" as the first Member for the City
of Lortilpii:
The Lonp MATot said, that in supporting the
present -Administration, he felt that he united with
the rest of the community in placing the strongest
reliance in the wisdom, zeal, and energy of the Dulte
of Wellinpon: (Loud cheers!) Froin the efforts
of his Brace, the greatest services might be .
ex-
pected to the *community ; but although the general
plan adopted by his Grace would, he was convinced,
be the most advisable, still there might 4ri4e points
of difference—there oectir sidlecto on which
bp (tile Lord Mayor) tlhould entertain different, and
even contrasted sentiments, and in every case of the
kind he should, without hesitation, act upon that
feeling, and proceed in the very spirit of opposition.
(Loud cheers.) His Lordship concluded by repeat-
-lu' ;li.stFgrig.regard for the Ward of Cheap,
The Convrviality of the evening was kept up with
a great deal of spirit : it was enlivened by some
good glees from professional men.

RUSSIAN LOAN, NEGOcIATED BY MR. N.
M. ition4 SIIILD IN LONPOT.—The half-yearly dividend on
the above loan, which becomes due on the tat of March next,
will be paid on the following Monday, Ed of March, and
every succeeding day (Sundays excepted), by Mr. N. M.
Rothschild, between the hours of 'l'eu and Two. The divi-
dend warrants, with a list thereof in numerical order, must
be left three days previous for examination. Printed forms
to be previously called for.
