SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS

The long delay of the coroner's jury in bringing
in a verdict on the body of the slaughtered police-
man affords opportunity, we regret to say, for much
display of passion, by which the authority of tie de-
cision, be it what it may, will be much impaired.
If the police have been too ardent, there is also air
ardour against them,—a zeal to give evidence, a
captiousness of cross-examination, which we have
never known on any preceding occasion. They are
said to have beaten down men, women, and chil-
dren, with their staves or truncheons. If they have
done sb, their conduct would be infamous; yet,
though the appearance of one woman or child having
been so beaten down before the jury would be unde-
niable evidence of the fact, no such person is pro-
duced. We do not defend the police : in their
fear, probably, lest they should be deficient in their
duty, or in the wanton consciousness of their strength,
they have overacted their parts ; but who
has suffered by their indiscretion ? Themselves
more than any. No serious case of personal
injury has been brought forward on the part
of the mob; but, on the part of the police, one man
has been slain, and two others wounded by daggers.
We were at first inclined to pay some attention to
the evidence of Stallwood, though somewhat offi-
ciously obtruded. There was, we have heard, a per-
son of that name who get into the magistracy of the
County, and was suddenly removed. If this be the
ttnie person, which we do not knew, there is a mo-
tive calculated to give a colouring to his evidence.
lin any case, however, the business on Monday was
ill managed ; the ground should have been pre-oc-
cupied by a body of the police ; and the people
calmly requested to disperse as they came up. Mr.
tee, and Mr. Mee, and the other handful of " Con-
's*Titionalists," might then have been, as they de-
served, taken into custody without the least diffi-
culty. The great body of the crowd, we suspect,
knew nothing whatever about the meeting, but
were persons casually passing on their ordinary bu-
siness.— Times.

Sir Robert Peel took rather an unfair advantage
of Mr. Cobbett last night. It is well known that
the Hon. Member for Oldham has by turns advo-
cated and condemned every opinion, and praised
and abused every man of any note. Sir Robert
acting on his knowledge of this peculiarity of Mr.
Cobbett, had taken the trouble to collect the ma-
terisls for his defence against Mr. Cobbett's motion
from that gentleman's writings in the Register, that
great storehouse of contradictions, so that he set the
Mr. Cobbett of 1819 and subsequent years on the
Mr. Cobbett of 1833. Mr. Cobbett pleaded hard
for a duality of character—for a distinction between
Mr. Cobbett the writer, and Mr. Cobbett the, legis-
lator; but Sir Robert insisted on his identity. The
mode in which Sir Robert Peel attacked Mr. Cob-
bett was very edifying. Sir Robert more than in-
sinuated that the Hon. Member for Oldham was not
sincere, either when he defended or when he
attacked him. He seems to have borrowed the
late Mr. Hazlitt's key to the character of the Hon.
Member for Oldham. By continually writing in
'earnest, the public at last can guess, with to-
lerable accuracy, what a writer, who has been
some time before them, will say on any particular
question, and their curiosity to ascertain his views
will b e impaired; but if, on the other hand,
he adopt the maxim of never taking the same view
of any question, or entertaining the same opinion of
any man for two days together, their curiosity will
be whetted to ascertain the opinions of each suc-
cessive day. It is merely applying the system of
the advocate in Courts of Law to political questions.
The advocate is constantly unsaying one day what
he said the day before; his object is not to say what
is true, but to make the most of the side on wide!)
he happens for the time to be. Mr. Cobbett is a
shrewd man. He knows that the public care more
for themselves than for the character of the writer ;
and that though the writer may imagine that it is of
great importance to his own reputation that he should
be consistent, the public are very little occupied
with him, but a great deal with the excitement to be
furnished to them. He very generously makes the
public a sacrifice of all the advantage he might de-
rive from holding him in higher regard. But it is
not given to every man to pursue this system with
the same ability. We retention this lest in these
hard times writers should take it into their heads
that the surest way to success is to throw sincerity
overboarti.That which, if cleverly done, may amuse ;
if clumsily done may disgust ; and some of those who
have acted on Mr. Cobbett's system have by no
means shared his success.—Morning Chronicle.
Last night was an unpropitious one for both
the Whigs and Radicals, as our Parliamentary
report will show. Mr. Roebuck, one of the latter
class of politicians, fixed upon the Whigs the sigma
of having fostered the seditious spirit when its wotk-
ings were favourable to their selfish purposes, which,
now that it operates in a manner less convenient to
themselves, they strive, per fas et nefas, to subdue.
And the Radicals themselves were doomed in their
turn to undergo a*humiliation scarcely less complete
in the person of the only man of decent talent belong-
ing to their party, who, having had the temerity to
venture upon an encounter with Sir R. Peel, was
treated to as effective a castigation as any unfor-
tunate Radical ever endured. We abstain from I
further comment or description.—Morning Post.

ADJOURNED INQUEST ON R. CULLY.

Yesterday evening Mr. STIRLING, the Coroner, and the
Jury again assembled at the Calthorpe Arms, pursuant to
adjournment, to investigate the circumstances attending
the death of Robert Cully, the policeman, who was stabbed
while the police force were dispersing the people in Cold-
bath-fields on Monday.
The banners, pikes, and other weapons, which had
been captured by the police, were laid upon the table in
the room. Mr. M'William, a magistrate of the county,
was present.
Superintendent Baker addressing,'the Coroner, said he
bad to produce, by order of the Secretary of State, the pro•
clamation of the Right Hon. Secretary, to prevent the
meeting from taking place, and which was posted in every
di►ision of the metropolis, and also a placard, calling a
meeting of the Union of the National Convention, both of
which he begged might be first read.
A Juryman asked if the proclamation was signed by any
person

- The documents were then banded round to the Jury for
their inspection.
The CORONER said it was merely signed " By order
of the Secretary of State."
Mr. Biker's evidence as to the receipt of those two
printed bills was then taken. He received the copy of the
proclamation from the Commissioners of Police. He had
directions to post copies of them throughout the St.
James's division, which was done. He had seen them
posted also in divisions C, D, E, and F. He had seen
many of the placards, calling the meeting, distributed and
seed about his division, at a penny a piece, but by whom
they were sold he did not know—be only beard they
were sold.

Com:wait—Do you know anything about these fligs,
and where they came from ?
Witness—l was requested yesterday to produce these
gs. Hurt a one, an American flag (the staff of which
was broken). Here is also a tricoloured fig, with a
bee-hive, and the motto " Equal rights and equal laws--
N. U. (National Union) 59." A black flag, with
Death's bead and bones, and " Liberty or death " for
the motto. The next was a small flag, with the bee-hive
bundle of sticks and hands united ; he also produced a
spear handle or " maceroni" (we believe they are called,
the bead of which is fitted to receive a pike). One flag
(the American) was taken in Calthorpe-street, when two
of the police were stabbed.
One of the Jury remarked that there appeared nothing
formidable in those flags.

Witness (by a Juryman)--One of my superior officers
wasofficers
was on the ground at the time of the fray.
pressed to name who it was.) I saw Colonel Rowan in
Gray's Inn-lane-road on horseback. I don't know tvh,_
they Lord Melbourne was in the neighbourhood or not.
I received my orders from Mr. Mayne and Col. Rowan.
By the CORONER—These flags were taken on the
round on Monday. The whole of my orders emanated
from the Commissioners of Police.
Several of the Jury here interposed, and complained
that several witnesses were subjected to annoyance from
certain parties ; they hoped that the Coroner would Opp
orders for their accommodation and protection, in ordet
the ae witnesses might be insulted by the other side.

The Coroner indignantly asked what was meant by "sides,"
he knew of no side, and he hoped the Jury would not al-
low their minds to be biassed by any feeling for either
side, but that they would keep their minds free from pre-
judice. As to the witnesses, he had no authority to order
a portion of any man's house to be set apart for the
witnesses, but they could wait in an adjoining room.
A Juror here suggested that if any reporters had any
thing to state they should now be examined, as he under-
Stood the evidence yesterday given by a person named
Kent, would be completely contradicted.
Mr. Courtney, a reporter for the Courier, then
stated, that from Mr. Stallwood's balcony, be had wit-
nessed the whole proceedings, and should be able to con-
tradict the gross fabrications and misstatements which
had been made. Other reporters were also in attend-
ance, and would give similar testimony.
Mr. Courtney was then sworn, and gave the follow-
ing evidence—He attended as reporter to the Courier, the
meeting in Spa-fields on Monday last. Was on the
ground soon after twelve o'clock. At that time there
were several crowds of persons assembled. The greater
part of them, until the Committee had arrived on
the ground, were listening to a preacher. There were
then about 200 or 300 persons. I spoke, as did
the gentleman who was with me, to several persons on
the ground to ascertain their feelings, but none of them
seemed desirous of participating in the business of the
meeting. The principal persons were loiterers gathered
round a show or ginger-beer stall, not more numerous
than I have seen on those grounds on Mondays. Passing
over those grounds, I should not consider a meeting was
to be held there unless it had been previously advertised.
Towards 2 o'clock the crowds increased ; after 2 o'clock
they appeared to me to diminish so fast that I thought
there would be no meeting. I saw a number of persons
go down Calthorpe-street, and I followed them, meaning
then to go home. In Gray's Inn-lane the people who
had gone off the ground had joined another crowd ; they
were standing opposite a stable, and were hooting the
police. I was there joined by other gentlemen who had
been with me in the morning, and I was informed
that the committee intended to meet. I then returned
to the ground, and found that the crowd had comide-
rale!), increased. There were, perhaps, more than 2,000
persons present—certainly not 3,000. I then made it
my first business to ascertain if there was any disposition
to resist, if the police made any effort to clear the
ground. It was discussed very loudly and generally
whether the chair should be taken or not. Se-
veral cried "Go home," " The police." Others cried
" Stand firm." There was some cheering in a remote
part of the crowd, and way was made for three or four
persons coming from Bagnigge-wells-roads. I understood
those persons to be the committee, and they were followed
by several others. I was then standing at the piling, close
by the caravan in which I understood that hustings were
to he placed. The committee, on entering the caravan,
hesitated for a minute or two. A boyish-looking person,
named Lee, jumped into the caravan first, took off his hat,
and was loudly cheered by the crowd. He was followed
by two or three other persons, who also ascended the cara-
van, and they were also cheered. Whilst the cheers were
continuing, there appeared to be some altercation amongst
themselves. The caravan was driven or led off towards
Calthorpe•street. The crowd was then principally within
the pilings in the field ; there were very few outside the
paling where the caravan stood. It was said by several
who were standing near me that the police had taken the
caravan, and not twelve persons followed it. As the
caravan went off there was much laughing, and I mention
this to show that there was no intention on the part of
the people to resist the police. In Calthorpe•street the
committee leaped out of the caravan, and one of them,
whose name I understand is Lee, stood with his arm
round the wooden post of a lamp. Lee was cheered by
the crowd. He said " Will you hold this meeting or not,
as you have a right to do ?" The crowd cheered,
and several said, "We will,—go on." " Then," he
said, " Let me propose that Mr. Mee take the chair." He
put the question formally, and a great number of hands
were held up. There was cheering and laughing; and
some cried out, jokingly, "The police !" Mee stood upon
the paling, and returned thanks for the honour of being
chosen chairman of so respectable a meeting. There was
laughing and cheering, but Mee was very pale and agitated.
He said, " I call you respectable, not because you have
chariots, and equipages, and pensions from the Govern-
ment, but because you are the producers of all the wealth
of the country." At this time the crowd had decreased
considerably, and there appeared to be a sort of panic in
that part of the meeting where I was, and the noise pre-
vented me from hearing all the remaining part of what
M-e said ; but I could hear him say, " Stand firm to one
another, but don't break the peace ;" and he said, " I am
a poor man, and I have a family ; if I stand by you, you
must promise to stand by me ; if I go to prison, you must
support my wife and family." At this time there was
much cheering in Calthorpe street ; and looking down
that way I saw a party approaching with banners; I was
particularly struck with this; for, having been toll that
that procession was the Union, I could not help remarking
that there were very few persons who took part in the
proceedings. The number i f persons following those with
the banners must have been very considerable. Some
persons cried out, " The police are coming !" and three
or four gentlemen connected with the press, who
were with me, immediately left the spot, and went
to the steps of Mr. Stallwood's door. Two young
women, without bonnets, who appealed to be pass-
ing from one house to the other, and who seemed very
much frightened, begged us to open a swing gate to let
them in, which we did, and they went upon the steps...—
Some one infortned that gent'eman who we were, and he
admitted us up stairs to the balcony. It was not from
any feeling of fear that I went there, but for the conve-
nience of view, for I felt assured that there was not the
least fear of a provocation to violence.. As we passed the
girls they seemed much alarmed, and I begged them not
to he frightened. I afterwards saw these girls struck by
the policemen of the division that came up Calthorpe-
street—l believe Mr. Baker's. When I reached the bal-
cony, and looked down Calthorpe-street, the people had
separated into two distinct lines. The middle of the street
was quite clear, from the corner house where I was down
to the end of the street next Gray's Inn-road, where then
a large body of the police were drawn across the street.
There was not then a human being in the high-road that
could find footing on the path-way. Before that body of
the police marched,their line appeared to have been broken.
The middle of the street was quite clear. Whilst they halted,
the crowd near the place where the banner-men stood gave
way on each aide, making a clear opening to that place. At
this time I saw three other large bodies of the police march-
ing in the same way ; one body took the whole breadth of
the street at the east end of Caithorpe-street (Gou 4h-street).
In that direction I saw a great number of persons running
down towards the spot where the meeting had first been
held. There was another body of police in a sort of
street, with a green spot before the houses, on my left, as
I stood in the balcony. They too made towards the spot
where the meeting was held, as if it was their object
strictly to close that passage. From the Bagnigge-wells-
road, at time back of the prison, another very large body of
police advanced in very close order, but very widely ex-
tended. I think the front rank must have consisted of 60
or 70 men. At this time the body at the end of Calthorpe-
street marched on without the slightest interruption from
any of the crowd. These four different bodies were moving
in this manner simultaneously. The body in Calthorpe-
street, having halted but a very short time, as 1 said,
marched on steadily, and without any interruption that I
saw, except the disorder which the men at the end of the
file occasioned by striking those of the people who stood
nearest on the foot-way. Before they reached the end of
the street I had seen several persons struck, and I
cried out " Shame, shame !" I said, " This looks
ill; they have blocked up every passage." I said this to
a person near, and wrote it down at the time. When
the division coming up Calthorpe-street reached the
end of that street a rush was made by the leader of the
division, who stood in the centre of the front, and several
of the front men rushed with him to the banner-men.
The crowd bad given way in all directions. The
division was broken by the rush made by the front rank
towards the banner-men, and the others were in confu-
sion. The banners were almost instantly seised, and
there appeared to be a sort of scuffle there. The remain-
der of the division commenced striking men, women, and
boys, without distinction and without mercy. The two
girls who stood on Mr. Stallwood's steps were repeatedly
struck. Ido not say the blows were aimed at them, but
they reached them. In the very beginning, almost at the
instant ti at the banners were seized, I saw three police-
men just under me, a little round the corner, strike one
man who was running away, each of them several blows
on the head, until he fell senseless upon the ground.—
(Here there were loud cries of " Shame ! shame !"
throughout the jury-room.) He fell with his head
doubled under him, and lay there still senseless until I left
the balcony. I cried out " Shame, shame! let the man

selves.

tun, you rascals." One of them shook his truncheon at
me, and called out, " You you shall catch it
too. I was near fainting, and we.s obliged to go into
the drawing-room to. recover myself.
Juror—l suppose you were frightened, Sir?
Witness—l certainly was appalled at what I saw. There
could not he at this time less than thirty persons within
my view lying wounded on the ground. The screaming
and cries of " Shame, shame," continued, and I returned
to the balcony. Crowds were still running in every di-

rection—the police pursuing and beating. and men and
women falling. At a very short dis'ance from the house
where I was, I saw a policeman beating a decently dresse.i
elderly woman.—(Cries of " Shame" from the Jury.)
She was screaming violently, and a gentleman who was
next to me on the balcony said to me, " Courtney, we
cannot stand this. See that rascal boating that woman."
He then ran down stairs, and I folio ved him. Mr. Car-
penter and I ran to the spot, where the policeman was
still pushing the woman, and holding her at the
same time. He held her by the shoulder, and pushed
her in her side by his truncheon at the same time.
When I spoke to him he raised his truncheon and threat.
ened to strike me. I think Mr. Carpenter held his arm,
but I do not know, for my attention was taken up with
the woman. She was crying bitterly, and could scarcely
walk. As I led her away, she turned round repeatedly
and abused the policeman. She called him a murdering
villain, and other very abusive names. She was in great
excitement and grief, and evidently in bodily pain. I left
her with a man who came up, and whom she appeared to
know.

In reply to the Jury he said if the police bad not in-
terfered there would have been no rioting or breach of the
peace. It is nonsense to say that any opposition Was
made to the progress of the police. I saw no bricks or
stones, or missiles of any kind, thrown. I say that the
attack on the people by the police was wanton and brutal,
and without any provocation.
Mr. Jame. Grant, of 115, Jermyn-street—Having seen
the placards calling the meeting to be held on Monday last
in Coldbath-fields, I went there about one o'clock, to re-
port the proceedings for the Morning Advertiser, and

saw a great number of people. When the police ap-
peared, Mee put the question, whether they should pro-
ceed or adjourn to a more convenient place. Very few called
out adjourn, and the greater part said, " Go on, go on."
He said, "Don't say " Go on" unless you are prepared to
support my wife and family with a tenth part of your
earnings." I heard no promise made by the crowd.
I observed that he turned pale on seeing the police ap-
proach, and my opinion was, that he did not wish to be
seen by the police. A few seconds after he had uttered

. .
the last words I saw the police surround the hustings
and attack the people indiscriminately in a most ferocious
manner. The people ran as fast as they could, and in
a very few minutes the ground seemed cleared. The
police appeared to attack men, women, and children, with-
out the slightest discrimination. At the same time, in
ano her part of the ground, some policemen were engaged
i❑ striking a woman, and the people cried " Shame, shame;
don't strike a woman." I saw nothing of the man that
was killed. I saw no disposition on the part of the
people to oppose the police. lam of opinion that no dis-
turbance would have taken place if the police had not
interfered.
Mr. William Carpenter, of Penlington-place, Lambeth,
sworn—l am editor of the True Sun evening newspaper.
I arrived at the ground about a guar ter before one o'clock,

and then there were very few persons assembled at that
time. About a quarter before two, understanding that a
committee of the Union of Working Classes, by whom I
understood the general meeting to be called, was sitting at
the Union Tavern, I went there and addressed the com-
mittee, urging to them the propriety of not persisting
in holding the meeting. I represented to them that
the avowed object of the meeting was to form a Na-
tional Convention, which was decidedly illegal, and it
was not likely that any Government would sit down
quietly and permit such a meeting to take place.
They avowed different objects, and I left them, and
went to the ground again. I. saw the committee
again, and it was then stated that the police were in
waiting in the neighbourhood, and that the military were
also under arms. When this information was given it
was sad they would proceed to the ground, but that if
the police interfered they (the committee) would at once
dissolve the meeting and retire. The witness then went
on to describe the occurrences in Calthorpe-street, nearly
as Mr. Courtney and Mr. Grant had done. He added,
ti at he joined in the cry of " Shame ! shame !" which was
raised at seeing the police beat the people indiscriminately,
and Mr. Stallwood came to us and begged us to cease
crying out, as he was a magistrate of the county. He af-
terwards, however, joined in the cry himself. The peo-
ple were trying to get away, but in doing so were beaten
by the police. He saw, he was sorry to say, several in-
stances of persons who were prostrate on the ground being
beaten with great violence by the police as they lay. At
the doors of No. 13 and 14, in Calthorpe-street, a con-
siderable crowd had collected, of persons who had evi-
dently got there to keep out of the way, and the police
attacked them, seized several by the collar, and struck
them in what witness should call a very ferocious manner.
They told them to go off about their business, and poked
them with their staves. During this time Mr. Tnomas,
the superintendent, came up the street alone, and seized a
gentleman by the collar in a very rude way, and told him
to go abcut his business. The gentleman went one way,
and Mr. Thomas another. Witness saw the police attack
and heat an elderly female (as described by Mr. Courtney).
By the Foreman of the Jury—My decided impression
was, that no disturbance would have taken place but for
the attack by the police. I saw no stones thrown by the
people at all. Thy people were not armed with bludgeons.
The gentleman seized by Mr. Thomas was merely stand-
ing quietly in the street. I saw a partial struegle for the
possession of the flag, but I considered the attack of the
police upon the people perfectly unprovoked and uncalled
for, and I cried out " Shame !" very loudly.
Mr. W. L. F. De Roos, of No. 3, Park-place, St.
James's, brigade major on the staff of the cavalry, said—
On Monday last, in consequence of a communication which
took place between the Home Department and the Com-
mander of the Forces, I was directed to accompany Colonel
Rowan, one of the commissioners of police, taking two
military officers with me, in order to obtain the earliest
information, and send it to the Horse Guards, and also
to send to the regiment desired to be in readiness, in case
the commissioner should require military assistance,
in the event of the civil power not being sufficient.
About half-past one o'clock I went with Colonel
Rowan to Busbridge's livery stables. I accompanied
him into a room, the window of which looked into
Gough-street, and the empty space at the back of the
House of Correction. From this window I saw an assem-
blage of people. I came down into the yard, and found
the police formed in two bodies, one at the Gray's Inn-
lane gate, and the other at the Gough-street gate; a large
body of the police were assembled, and Colonel Rowan was
speaking to them. I heard him direct them to he as tem.
perate as possible, and to endeavour to secure such only as
were leaders, and offered resistance. I went out into
Gough-street, with one of the military officers with me.
Neither he nor I was in military costume at the time. I
saw the police come out of the gateway by which I was
standing. They moved with great silence and regularity
towards the banners. I accompanied them to within 60
yards of the lamp-post where the speaker was standing.
I then stopped. As they went forward they appeared to
me to meet with considerable resistance, and a violent
struggle took place for the banners. A great num.
her of persons passed me, m unning down Gough-
street, and met with no obstruction from the
police. I saw no women coming out of the crowd.
As near as I could judge the resistance made to the
police was overcome by them in about four or five
minutes. I then saw them bring into the yard several
persons whom they had captured. I went into the yard
and despatched an officer to the Horse Guards to say that
I considered the disturbance as terminated. I examined
the banners and found among them two lances, exactly cor-
responding with the description of those recommended in
a book called " Defensive Instructions to the People," by
Colonel Maceroni.—(The witness produced a copy of the
work, in which there were drawn descriptions of the dif-
ferent weapons recommended to be used.) The one in
question was called the foot lance." Those captured
were of the same form precisely, but they had not the spike
at the end. 1 call them in a military sense " lances," al-
though they have not the blade fixed in them.
Several of the Jury said they could not be lances with-
out the blades.

The Witness—l consider that an ink-stand without a
top is still an ink-stand.
The Foreman—But it would be of little use without a
pen. You might as well say that a man without a bead
is still a man.

The witness, after an angry altercation with some of
the jury, qualified his statement by calling it " part of a
lance."

By the Jury—l swear that I saw no women in the
crowd.

The Foreman.—Was there any disposition on the part
of the people to create a breach of the peace ?
Witness—l conbider the civil power was resisted when
they attempted to seize the banners.

Foreman—But was there before the police appeared ?
Witness—No; because they had no one to throw at
sr to fight with, and they would not fight with them-

CORONER—Was there any act of violence committed
before the police made their appearance ?
Witness—Not that I saw.
Juror—Did you see any stones thrown ?
Witness—l did not see any hands raised, but I saw
atones in the air, perhaps about 20 altogether.
At 1 o'clock this morning the inquiry was adjourned
until 5 o'clock this day.
The proceedings appeared to excite the greatest interest.
The jury-room was crowded to excess, and a great num-

l'er of persons stood in front of the house during the whole
of the evening. Several witnesses remain to be examined,
cud it is expected that the inquiry will occupy some
days- The jury, most of whom took notes of the whole
of the proceedings, appeared to take a more lively in-
terest in the investigation than is usually evinced by per-
sons in their situation.

The following is a list of the jurors sworn, with their
residences and occupation•. The names are from the
official list placed before the Coroner when the jurors
were empannelled :
Samuel Stockton, baker, Cromer-street (Foreman).
John Spalding, baker, Chichester-Place.
Charles Tighe, upholsterer, Chichester-place.
Benjamin Hastie, baker, Chichester. place.
Henry Neville, cornchandler, Chichester-place.
John Bliss, baker, Chichester-place.
Joseph Burgess, pawnbroker, Chichester-place.
Thomas Pearson, ironmonger, Gray's.inn-lane.
John Graham, grocer, Gray's Inn-lane.
Edward Holder, glass-cutter, Gray's-inn-lane.
Joseph Langran, cheesemonger, Gray's-inn-lane.
William Purdy, shoemaker, Gray's-inn-lane.
William Davies, plumber, Gray 's.inn-lane.
John Doller, broker, Gray's-inn-lane.
George Dennis, baker, Sidnruth -street.
William Alexander, broker, Cromer-street.
Robert French, baker, Calthorpe-place.

EXAMINATION AND COMMITTAL OF FURSEV, ON THE

CAPITAL CHARGE OF STABBING TWO OF THE POLICE.
At half-past 1 o'clock yesterday, George Fursey, who
stood charged with having stabbed police sergeant Brookes,
and constable Redwood, both of the C division of police,
in Calthorpe-street, on Monday last, was placed at the
bar at Bow-street, before Sir F. Roe, Mr. Minshull, and
Mr. Halls. He is a tall muscular man, apparently about
28 years of age, of pale complexion, having a long thin
face, and high cheek bones. His appearance was that of

a decent mechanic. He was perfectly collected throughout
the examination, and although he watched the evidence
with great anxiety, he betrayed no symptoms of fear,
notwithstanding the direct testimony of the prosecutore,
and the serious nature of the charge of which he is accused.
Police sergeant John Brookes, of the C division of police,
was the first witness brought forward. He was obliged
to be led into the office, and appeared to have suffered
severely from the wound he had received. He was or-
dered a chair in front of the bench, and gave his evidence
as follows :

I am a sergeant in the C division of police, and was on
duty on Monday the 13th inst., at about three o'clock,
on the Calthorpe Estate, Gray's-inn-road. I was at the
bead of my division, which was advancing towards the
open ground. The mob were approaching towards us.
The man who struck me was at the head of the mob. He
carried an American flag in his left hand, and kept his
right hand down against the back part of his thigh. When
we got close to the mob Redwood advanced to seize the
flag. 1 did not move from my place, neither did I raise
my truncheon previous to this, but seeing Redwood's ob-
ject I rushed forward also to seize the colours, and at that
moment the man who held them raised his right hand and
struck me on the left side with a dagger. To the best of
my belief the dagger now produced is the one with which
the prisoner struck me. It had brass round the guard as
this has On being struck INI back a few paces, and
turned again on hearing Redwood exclaim that he was
wounded. Is iw him struggling with the man. I then
b..came faint, and walked away. I saw the man by whom
I was wounded in custody about two hours after.
Henry Chance Redwood came forward with his left
arm tied up. He stated that he was a private in the C
division of police, and was with his division on Monday
last, about three o'clock, in Calthorpe-street. He was
in front, and observed the prisoner at the head of the mob,
holding the .American colours in his left hand. He went
forward to seize them, and heard the last witness exclaim,
" Oh !" Witness said to the prisoner, " My friend, you
must give me up those colours." He replied, " I shan't,"
or, " I won't." Witness then told hint, if he did not
give them up he would take them from him, and imme-
dia'ely seized the colours with both hands. A scuffs
then ensued, and instantly witness saw the prisoner raise
his right hand, with something in it resembling a blade,
about six or eight inches long, with a sharp point. Wit-
ness then let go the flag-staff, and put up his left arm to
ward off the blow, when he received a stab between the
wrist and elbow of his left arm. He let go the colours
immediately, and with his right band seized the prisoner
by the left collar.
Henry Holland saw his brother constable Redwood
struggling with the prisoner. The colours were lying on
the ground beside them. Witness received the prisoner
from Redwood, and with the assistance of James Compton,
C 67, conveyed him to a stable-yard near the corner of
Calthorpe-street. They never let go of the prisoner until
they gave him into the custody of other constables, and
placed him in one of the stables.

Rooert Newman Sanders, K 76, was on duty in Cal-
thorpe-street, in plain clothes, at three o'clock on the day
mentioned, when the police were advancing against the
mob. Saw the prisoner at the bar carrying the American
colours. He was seemingly taking the lead of the mob.
When the cry of " Police" was raised, a general
confusion took place, and the witness heard the pri-
soner call upon the people to stand, and not be
cowards, adding, that if they would follow him he
would show them what he would do. He then flourished
an instrument over his head, and waving the fl ig, ex-
claimed, " Death or Liberty!" The instrument which the
prisoner carried was similar to the one now produced,
and witness believed it to be the same weapon.
This evidence closed the case against the prisoner.
Sir F. ROE then asked him if he wished to say anything
in his defence against what the witnesses had stated.

Prisoner-1 have nothing more to say than that the last
man who gave evidence against me ought to be tried for
perjury. 11,a evidence is quite entirely false, except with
regard to the colours, which I admit having had. Th e
prisoner added, that he had nothing more to bay in hi
defence at present.
The prisoner was then fully committed to take his trial
at the Old Bailey sessions now holden on the capital
charge of unlawfully, feloniously, and maliciously stabbing
John Brookes and Henry Chance Redwood with intent to
do them some bodily injury, and the several witnesses were
bound over to give evidence.
The prisoner was then removed from the bar, in order
to be conveyed to Newgate on the arrival of the van.

Robert Coltman, a baker, was then brought forward,
charged with having taken part with the mob in Cal-
thorpe•street, on Monday last. The prisoner was the man
who was heard to say, when a female asked him if he had
seen the murdered man Cully, " Yes, I saw hint lying
dead, and kicked his -."
Sir F. ROE told the prisoner that he:had ordered him
to find bail, himself in 1001., and two sureties in 501.
each, not b 0 much from the beastly expression he had
used as the inference which might be drawn from it,
that be went to the ground to take part in the riot. A
police constable bad since then identified him as being armed
with a bludgeon, and within a few yards of the man who
had just been committed to take his trial on a charge
which affected his life. Under these circumstances he (Sir
F. Roe) must call for increased bail. The prisoner
was then directed to find two sureties in 801. each,
and to give bail himself in 160/., to take his trial,
nut at the sessions, but in the Court of King's Bench.
The Magistrate further informed the prisoner that the
recognizances would bang over him for 12 months.
The prisoner was then removed from the bar, and we
understood that be put in the sureties required.
'The two brothers named Tilley were brought from the
House of Correction, but sent back again without under•
going a re-examination. They will remain in prison
until they find bill, and it was intimated, that in every
case in which parties were held to bail on these charges,
they would be tried in the Court of King's B•nch, on
the first day of the ensuing term.

All accounts agree in stating that the apple-
trees throughout Somerset afford a flattering prospect of
an abundant crop. The bud is considered, in most in-
stances, too firmly fixed to be affected by a May frost, or
cold winds, should either occur. The price of cider in
the South Hams has consequently fallen to about 351. per
barrel.— Sherborne Journal.

The epidemy known on your side of the
Channel by the name of " Influenza," and which the Pa-
risians call " La Grippe," has lately become very trouble-
some here, in spite of the truly beautiful weather and
steady temperature that we bane baen enjoying since the
close of the last month. It is calculated that there are at
this moment about 100,000 individuals in Paris who are
under the influence of this strange disorder.—Paris Cor-
respondent of the Times.

SERVICE AFLOAT.—This work comprises
taco narratives of the most interesting kind. The first is
wholly devoted to the professional career of a naval officer
employed most actively during the late war, and it will
prove no common treat to the admirers of those romantic
realities of which a sailor's life is made up, as it gives the
most animated descriptions of cruising and fighting, and
other operations in many regions of the world, in vessels
of nearly all classes, sometimes with squadrons, and some-
times on detacb..d service, including several boat enter-
prises of cutting out, &c. The second narrative contains
an account of the lats exploratory expedition to the
Western Coast of Africa, of which country it furnishes
many new and curious details.

THE KING'S LEVEE, &c.

Their Majesties arrived in town soon after one o'clock yes.
terday afternoon from the Palace at Windsor.
At two o'clock the King held an Investiture of the Most

Honourable Military Order of the Bath, at which Rear. Ad.
miral Sir Richard Hussey Hussey was introduced by Sir Wil.
Liam Woods, Secretary of the Order, when his Majesty was gra.
ciously pleased to invest Sir Richard with the Ensign of a
Knight Commander of the Bath.

His Majesty held a Levee, at which, being Ascension Day,
the Knights of the several Orders of Knighthood appeared in
the collars of their respective orders. Lord Foley officiated as
Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen Pensioners for
the first time since his appointment.

The King gave audiences to the Marquis of Winchester, the
Archbishop of Canterbury, the Earl of Albemarle, the Marquis
of Lansdowne, Viscount Palmerston, and Lord Hill.

His Majesty held a Privy Council on business relative to the
Island of Jersey. The Hon. William Bathurst attended as
Clerk.

Lord Elphinstone was the Lord in Waiting.

Among those present at the cntre Levee were—

The Duke o f Orleans, attended by General Baudrand and
three Officers of his suite ; the Duke of Brunswick, attended
by Baron de Bulow Mendhausen and Major Bause, his Cham.
berlain and Aide-de-Camp; the Russian and French Ambassa-
dors ; the Neapolitan, Bavarian, Prussian, Wirtemberg, Ha-
noverian, Belgian, Brazilian Ministers, the Turkish Charge
d' AfFaires, the Dutch Special Envoy, the Archbishop of Can-
terbury, the Lord President, the Lord Privy Seal, the Post-
master-General, the Secretaries-of State for the Home, Foreign,
and Colonial Departments; the Chancellor of the Exchequer,
the Paymaster of the Forces, the Lord Chamberlain, the Groom
of the Stole, the Master of the Horse, the Commander of the
Forces, the Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen
Pensioners, the Captain of the Yeomen Guard; Viscount Corn.
bermere, Gold Stick in Waiting : the Marquis of Thomond,
Aide-de-Camp to the King; the Treasurer of the Household,
the Attorney-General, the Solicitor-General; Sir Wathen
Waller, Extra Groom in Waiting ; the Master of the Cere.
monies, the Master of the Robes ; Sir William Woods, Claren-
cieux King of Arms ; Sir William Betham, Ulster King of
Arms; Colonel Bowater, Equerry in Waiting; the Groom of
the Robes, and the Page of Honour.
Among the general company were—
DUKES—Portland, Northumberland, Buckingham.
Marquis of Thomond.
EARLS—EIdon, Macclesfield, De Grey, Abingdon, Oxford.
Viscount Bolingbroke.

LORDS—Saltoun, Saye and Sole, F. Leveson Gower, Dacre,
Norreys, Boscawen, Dunalley, Rebert Manners, Braybrooke,
Ebrington,
Baron Linsingen.
Right Hon. J. R. Lushington.
HONOURABLES--E. Stewart, Rev. Dr. Wellesley, IL
Corry, Major Devereux, C. A. Murray.
Bishop of Bath and Wells.

Dean of Hereford.

SIRS—J. Scarlett, Wathen Waller, G. Chetwynd, T. B.
Lennard, E. Scudamore Stanhope, R. Bateson, W. Riddell,
J. Macgregor.

REY. MESSRS.—H. M. Rice, Thos. Thurlow, G. J. Stone.
street, E. W. Edgell, C. Proby.

Doctor Parker;

MESSRS.—Chetwynd, Clay, Savill Ongley, Robert Wil-
liams, Parker, Dean, Strachan, D. Llewellyn, H. Alexander,
William Cotton, Boulton Bennet, Newton Wigney, M.P.,
Thomas Broadwood, Cotes, Millbanke, Barwick Baker,
Richard Boyle, Robinson, Pole, C. J. Cunningham, Rushout,
Frederick Cooper, Evelyn, S. Lushington, Clayton East,
Grantley Berkeley, Delme Ratcliffe, Macchison, Mansfield,
Edward Ellice, Wyatt Edgell, William Clay, Andrew Drum-
mond, Severn, Edward Stewart, Taylor, Edward Godrell, Be.
dingfeld, Bisse Challoner, Turner, Stone, Boyce, Argentum,
G. Ell, Donovan, M`Cullom, Blake.
ADMlRALS.—Tollemache, Sir R. H. Hussey, G. Parker,
Gosselin, Sir C. Dashwood, Nugent, Sir R. J. Keats.
GENERALS.—Sir W. Keppel, Kearney, Lord C. Manners,
Lord Harris, Sir H. Hanson, Sir J. Ellis, Warren.
COLONELS.—Poten, Sir C. Thornton, Finch, Rice, Tem.
pest, Adye, Williamson, Dickson, Wedderburn, Daly, Lantie,
Latter, Howard.

MAJORS—Walcott, Le Marchant, Jones, Andrews, Wright.
CAPTAlNS—Brisbane, Brown, Locke, M.P., H. Hope,
R N., Wormley, R.N., H. Williams, R.N., Sir C. Cole, R.N.,
Hamilton, Thomas Burton, R N., W. Waldegrave, R.N., Bris.
bane, Angerstein, Pelly, Bryan, Rochford, R.N., Romer, H.
Christian, R.N., Hope, Dillon, R.N., Hugh Cook, R.N.
COMMANDERS—R. C. Curry, Boss, M.P., G. Manse!, J.
E. Erskine, Maitland, Gooch.
ENSIGNS—Cane, George Trevor.
The following Addresses and Petitions were presented to his
Majesty :

The Duke of Northumberland, a Petition from the Archdeacon
and Clergy of the Archdeaconry of Northumberland, to pre.
serve to the Bishops, Clergy, and to the Churches of these

realms, all such rights and privileges as do by law pertain to
them.
Mr. Clay, a Petition from the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch,
' "

against the Ministers, and to dissolve the Parliament.
Petitions from the Bishop and Clergy of the Diocese of Cloyne,
and the Clergy of the Diocese of Limerick, against the Irish
Church Reform Bill.
A petition from the Clergy of Bedminster, in the Diocese of
Bath and Wells, by the Bishop of Bath and Wells.
The following Noblemen and Gentlemen were presented to
the King :

Lord Boscawen, by the Earl of Falmouth ; Sir Edmund
Knowles Lacon, by the Hon. Colonel Wodehouse ; Mr. Chet.
wynd, on his return from the Continent, by Sir George Chet_
wynd, Bart. ; Right Hon. S. R. Lushington. on his return from
India, by Lord Harris ; Mr. Parker, by his uncle, the Earl of
Macclesfield; Mr. B. Bennett, on his marriage, by the Rev.
Hon. J. Saumarez ; Mr. D. Llewellyn, Deputy Lieutenant of
Glamorganshire, by Sir Christopher Cole; Mr. Blake, by Lord
Dacre ; Mr. W. Cotton, by Captain Woelmore; Hon. Charles
A. Murray, by the Duke of Hamilton; Lieutenant Robe,
Royal Artillery, by the Master General of the Ordnance; Mr.
W. Clay, by Lord John Russell; Mr. Cotes, by the Marquis
of Stafford; Rev. Horace M. Rice, by Colonel Rice; Mr. Mil..
banke, Set retary to his Majesty's Mission at Frankfort, by Lord
Palmerston; Mr. C. T. Cunningham, on his appointment to
the Vice-Consulship of Tunis, by the Right Hon. Edward
G. Stanley; Doctor Parken, 17th Lancers; Mr. Newton
Wigney, M.P., on being appointed a Deputy Lieutenant
for the county of Sussex, by the Duke of Richmond; Mr.
Thomas Broadwood, Sheriff of Sussex, by Lord St. Vincent ;
the Rev. Thomas Thurlow, by the Earl of Eldon ; Mr. Henry
Alexander, by the Earl of Calecion ; the Rev. G. G. Stone_
street, Prebendary of Lincoln, by Sir Herbert Taylor ; Mr.
Barwick Baker, by Lord Edward Somerset; Earl De Grey, on
succeeding to his title; Mr. Richard Boyle, by the Earl of
Cork; Mr. Edward Ellice, on his return from Russia, by the
Secretary at War; Mr. Mansfield, High Sheriff of Leicester,
by Lord Robert Manners; Mr. Rushout, of the Ist Life
Guards, by Colonel Lygon ; Mr. Delme Radcliffe, by the Earl
of Carlisle; Mr. John M'Cullum, by Commander Boss, R.N.
and M.P. ; Commander J. Elphinstone Erskine, on his re-
turn from abroad, by Vice-Admiral Fleming ; Commander H.
C. Curry, on his promotion, by Sir James' Graham ; Major.
General Kearney, by Lieut.-General Lord George Beresford ;
Lieut.. Colonel Daly, by Lieutenant-General Sir C. Grant;
Major Le Marchant, on his promotion and return
from foreign service, by the Duke of Richmond;
Major Andrews, by Lieutenant-Colonel Stawell ; Rear_
Admiral Sir It. Hussey Hussey, on being appointed a Knight
Commander of the Bath, by the First Lord of the Admiralty,
Mr. Edward Jodrell, by Mr. Weyland, M.P.; Lieut Shelley;
R.N., on his return from the East India station, by Sir John
Shelley; Lieut. Edmunds, by the Lord Chancellor; Lieut.
Dashwood, R.N., by his father, Rear-Admiral Sir Charles
Dashwood ; Commander George Manse!, on receiving his
Majesty's permission to accept and wear the insignia of the
Legion of Honour, by Vice-Admiral Fleming; Major Wright,
on being appointed a Knight of the Royal Hanoverian Guel-
phic Order, by Major. General Sir J. Cockburn; Lieut. Wm.
Hutchison, R.N., by the Right Hon. Sir J. Graham; Cornet C.
Wombwell, on his appointment to the 10th Royal Hussars, by
Colonel Sir C. Thornton ; Ensign Cane, on his appointment,
by the Adjutant-General; Ensign George Trevor, by the Earl
of Belfast.

The Duke of SUSSEX and the Princess
AUGUSTA visited the QUEEN yesterday.

The Duchess of KENT and the Princess
VicToarx rode in the Park yesterday morning. In the
afternoon their Royal Highnesses went to Claremont,
and returned to the Palace at Kensington in the
evening.

NEW WORKS OF FICTION just published
by RICHARD BENTLEY, New Burlington-street (successor
to HENRY COWMEN)

GODOLPHIN. 3 Yol9. post Svo.
I I.

CONSTANCE; or LIFE AS IT IS.
Ey Mrs. A. T. THOMSON. 3 vols.
M.

THE CHAPERON. Edited by Lady DACRE.
New Edition, revised and corrected. 3 vole.
Iv.
THE KING'S OWN. By Captain MARRYAT, R.N.
3 vols.

DELORAINE.
By the Author of " Caleb Williams." 3 vols.
VI.

THE BUCCANEER. New Edition. 3 vols.
VII.
THE SKETCH BOOK OF FASHION.
By the Author of "Mothers and Daughters." 3 vols.
THE FANCY FAIR.—The noble and dis-
tinguished visiters at the Charing-cross Hospital Fancy
Fair have been very numerous, and included—
The Duchess of Sutherland, Countess of Surrey, Countess
of Westmoreland, Lady Oswald, Lady Nisbett, Mrs. Marryat,
Colonel Johnson, Lady Dundas, Lord Dudley, Hon. Mrs.
Morris, Lady T. Spring Rice, Colonel Webb, Countess Mon-
tara, Dowager Countess of Dartmouth, Lady Skipwith, Sir
Charles Chad, Sir C. and Lady Marshall, Mrs. Pocock, &c.
The Fair terminated yesterday, but the Hospital, with
its respective departments, will be open this day and to-
morrow, to the inspection of the public. The present
decorations will also remain for these days.

MEETING OF THE WEST INDIA

PROPRIETORS.

jois
bodyY
James's. street, to adopt such measures as might
proper, in consequence of the proceedings in
the
50.
esttoeorkdayplaacveerayt nttilt,neerTouhsatmeheeedtinlito, fu::1 e
TWabeve:rdoe:ossr,
Earl St. Vincent took the chair. The report of 'rale
Committee, containing objections to the Opiat:oo
was read. It recommended an app.al to the c°
behalf of the rights of the West India Proprietors. d,
Sir A. GRANT moved that the report be adore.
Mr. MYERS considered the plan of Lord c' Gotier'ed
Lord Howick infinitely inferior to that of 11r. se
Stanley.—The report was th,n adopted.
theMlrv.,Pattizrdoiarrbsodpyrophoayseidna rceosnosliudteiorend,
plan, and having protested against it as an infric.igtoi
of their right of property, declare, hovvever,
will be ready to communicate with the King's 3141,i
for the purpose of assisting in the consider
arrangement that may be safe and satisfactory. acid
to the spirit of the resolutions of the House of C°
of 1823. hat'°
Sir A. GRANT moved, as an amendment, vir
question be left entirely open as far as the West indis
Mr. AIARRYATT considered it highly
was concerned.
imports e
the public should know how the West India WAY,
Were they to say that they would not consent to e
pation ?—(Loud cries of " No, no.") It was bettrtboi°
at once to submit to the plan of Lord Howick'
adopt that of Mr. Stanley.—(Cheers.) The ne-t r/v
tion was the amount of compensation. He did 1213-iptr
der Mr. Stanley's plan in this respect satisfactorY•
feared the question was already settled. I'Vben);
,kent
Ao
iwt nsoeJni
vas.
etons
Nafi,rceAae hpa.(t,Daissllualppippnori ttbeeardt
joft,fhn
e.t)h the
mCerno,vi:
dared that slavery should cease, the slaves, be fear"
re
tothtil.lemeignei:
, pot ,
rrire,plyi
mediate complained
etmo ttrihhcaei the:a emancipation
opreen'
Mr. J. GLADSTONE, a deputy from Liverpool, 114110 ties
and the plan of Mr. Stanley was impractics",
tier
deputies from Glasgow and Liverpool had for 8°111'0617,
been preparing a plan to lay before the Governmert
from their practical knowledge they were enabled en,
up; up; and if a committee was appointed, those sugb-
would be communicated to them.—(Hear.)
nW‘veosut misrepresentationsll
dn (11)iean s hid been
The Earl of HAR,EWOOD thought they sh°oj C
to some practical resolution, having for its
destruction ofAlr.
Stt: rithkeY,c• ;31i:
emancipation of the slave.
rd
dm
the
nhneeyi‘nfm_trr,re.e.
saeoAnt_lidun.AtgpGitt,oranßotpAtrtohN aTe-rtoa swnt:
followingoi
adupumlrb,poieentctedois,;rnmte.eloedmi
iunrli:dtatgttpwaoh
aieittr:thst\htved
withdraw
:eh:7:0101:101,
Mr. C
• h tb*
lowing words :—" That this meeting will at all ore
ready to communicate with his Majesty's Goverti,
b
for the purpose of originating a plan which shall
spirit of the words of the resolutions of 1823, uon err'
with the welfare of the negroes and the rights of Pr";dts,
After some discussion, this amendment was aged Vl3
It was then resolved that petitions to the KiliF,ati- rfoo'
Houses should be drawn up ; and the meeting sai°-

THE MARKETS.

COUN fRY CORN MARKETS DURING THE ion>
Wheat. Barley. Oats. 1//i
1,. 051
Per Quarter. s. to s. s. s. s. to 5,.;
Blandford
Brigg— 52 60 36 40 19
55 23 11 50
Chard 44 54 21 26 16 9,4
Huntingdon 58 63 21 24 15 32 0,
Long Sutton...—. 56 64 20 17 '2 32 ;
Louth 50 55 27 32 19SI 7,
Lynn 4B 58 21 26 14 -.‘Z
Newark 5() 61 23 33 14 „„:(ira 30
Nottingham 4S 63 25 30 15 7"' 26
Peterborough 46 60 23 33 14 2:2
Plymouth 50 64 30 34 20
67 43 41
Sleaforil 65 70 36 38 i 22 :‘";
Uppingham —.. 50 59 !20 29 16 6,„
Wisbech

14. to P.
41.
............ to ,
........ ;LIT.
.......... to
........ to r
........ to SF'
t 25401 81°: 7pcf‘i.l4
~.:18. to 244., .4(
an. —l. to •••••42.-.1

LEEDS CORN MARKET,
Wheat, Norfolk and Suffblk, 601 b.
--- York. and Lincoln. 60Ib.
Barley, Norfolk and Suffolk
-- Yorkshire and Lincolnshire
- Grinding
Beans 63lb.
Oats, Potatoe
-Nlealing, For. 12d. to 13d
Shelling
Rapeseed, English, 23g. to 24. Forel;

~
HULL M A RKET.-May 24.
...„:u•',46o*
Wheat, Old -s. 50s 50s Now ......
...A....A
---- FOreig. -s, rolfi. 5.4, ln bond.... o4',
Oats, Poland -s. 14s. 18s. Old '''''"„.4.,
- Small or Feed.... -s. 14s. 18s -4..4' 0#
- Foreign -s. 14s. 15s -4.0 1
Barley, Norf. & Sul ... -s 21s. 265. Line. & Vold -4' .54
- Foreign
Beans -s. 28s. 30s. F0reign......... -4' 504. 01.
Pease, White.... -- :365. 38, Grey
Taros l. 3Ss. 40s. Foreign ....... ..
,-,,2:2,.51.
Rapeseed, in Isonol none.
„,
LIVERP L I'4
OO CORN EXCHANGE.-flay , 14. 517
go 0
8., fict I 6
8
WHEAT, English, White, per 701 b.
Red
0 'I 0
-- Scotch, Welch, and Manx
- Irish, White 7 2 8
-- Red 8 6 i 5
_ Foreign 2 6 5
OATS, English, Welsh, and Scotch, per 451 b 6
- Irish
2 1 5° 0
- Foreign
BARLEY, English, Malting, per Imp. quarter O4 0 4 os, 10
- Scotch and Irish, per 6011 is.
Feeding
33 3 1 °
° 0
BEANS, English, per Imperial quarter
32 0 0
- Irish, &c
0 0
- Foreign
32 0
PEASE, English, per Imperial quarter
36 40 40 0 44 0 0
- Foreign
43 0 45 °
FLOUR, English, per 2801 b
Irish
OATMEAL, English and Irish, per 2401b5....
-
INDIAN CORN, per 44011).
Elvis, per Imperial quarter
MALT, per Imperial quarter
IMPORT op GRAIN for the Week ending 2431 ly,1""
1 4
Wheal Oats. 1 Barley Flour.
Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. I Foreign, Brls.llrish,&c• 5_:„.„./1"‘
6,800 10,106 i :396 - I 4,403 )4,
go4P
HAILSHAM MARKET.-May 15,., otl.- i
8ecf....-....,,,..... 3s. 4d. to 4s. 2d. I VeaL......--., ''' 8
Mutt0n.......,........ 4 0 5 0 I Pork
Lamb (is. Od. to 6s Bd.
Supply moderate, and trade dull. f.
1'
Alt U NDEL MARKET-May 14. 0,1,104
Beef.--............ 3s. Ott. to 4s. 2d. Veal...--....... 4s' 8
Mutt0n...,...... 4 0 5 0 I f P0rk.......--.....;...,. ;,
Lamb -- ss. Bd. to 6s. 6d. ~
A moderate supply, and a sluggish Wu' i 0
,
CHICHESTER M ARK ET.-May 15'6,1 l", ,g
0 0
Beef -......--...,.. 3s. (XI. to 4s. Cid. VVea1.........,.....35' 8 '
Mutton -...... 4 0 410 I Pork- 3
Lamb
A moderate supply, and a dull trade. i. 4,

RUMFORD MARKET 5
.—May •-• e 41‘
s. d. to s. d.
3 0 4 0 I Veal .................. 3 6
Mutton 3 6 4 6 Pork .................•. 01-
lamb ss. Bd. to 6s. Bd. p•
Suckling Calves, 14s. to 265. ; Quarter old Store Pig!,
Supply moderately good, and trade drill'
, yEnslssl
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, 0'
DAY.—We have experienced a steady demand territel
to-day. The sales amount to 1,500 bags, at p
the previous day.
The system of secret and illegal ri
is nearly extinct in this county. It was to cooiltsf
sures for the effectual extirpation of this foul I. oce,d
induced Mr. CAREW'S recent visit to us; and so c9'o'
have been his plans for breaking up the confeutre si
bringing the more guilty to justice, that We 30140'
persuaded the county, at this moment, enjtql
state of tranquillity as at any previous period• t the ,of
ItEW's special object was, if possible, to prevenithia
plication of the Coercive Bill to any district WOl9
borders, In justice to Captain HAMILTON, wei thl,
his exertions to restore order and confidencepideA
among the peasantry have been marked w"e
ith ""-
cess.— Wexford Independent.

IBM es
S. c tb,
,
thtl d,
On the 15th inst., at Salt Hill Park, near Chich
tOC
of Francis Smith, Esq., of a aughter.
On the 11th inst., in Billitd s eer-street,
of Dr. C. J. Fox, of a son.
MARRIED. 05, cio
St ran' tII,
On the 16th inst., at the New Church, —t- • pc
Davids, Esq., of Cowes, Isle of Wight, to Sarah 9, t %
e•t: rAnY
daughter of B. Wyborn, Esq. of Hampstead, Mit rinsf
On the 15th inst., at St. 31ary's Church, Stoke_ se*.q,)
James Thomas Berkley, Esq., of Woodberry, stolT_ox, t%OO.
to Amelia Maria, second daughter of William '''orpoP 04'
Woodberry Down, Stoke Newington, and Liqu Irc
Lonclitn. of ll
On the `"9th ult., at Florence, Lewis Schmid. r'r•Lf
to Eliza, daughter of William Spence, Esq., F•L'S' e litr
On the 15th inst., at St. George's, Hanover-squadbus
son of the Right Hon. Hugh Elliot, to Jane, oar
the late James Perry, Esq.

si'd
DIED. al John 01
On the 21th of April, at the advanced age of ~/ 2
car, Esq., of Creslow, near Aylesbury. f fed 11 V
On the passage from Madras, on the 12th Decewont4 of
Scott Kennedy, Esq., of the 19th Madras InfantrYt pe
of the late Dr. William Kennedy, of Inverness,
..sit ,
Royal College of Physicians, Edinburgh, aged 96,;
~.,,,ge V
On the 15th inst ,at Chilston Park, Kent, ut- 91'
tt
Esq., late High Sheriff: moth
O the 14th inst., Elizabeth, wife of W. Bon f,.1 1' t
Gower-street, Bedford-square, aged 31. of .
h ter lit'
On the 15th inst., Sophia, only surviving daug- 4
zn Clutterbuck, Esq., of Stanore, Middlesex' de' 03'
h O
On the 15th inst., in Torrington-square, Sara z
of the late Edward Wilbraham, Esq., of Cirencester.
__.---e,e-

------- - -
PRINT?, AND PUBLIIIMID BY MURDO YOUII
SUN Orrici, 112,57'111ND, LONDO/4

"nratio
:Pnr
right

'4.
ASR

A
~,rßys!

ly,el
tkN, el
4

'kit Li
