AMERICAN TARIFF.

co zrbe
irsiilt rfoabllloewciganre, bt-lybtieb'e iwni".l.cl basli:her beenofßi madeckne u
ll's Reppowrtieteh,
to wilt m we are indebted for it, will show the rate of
duty on the articles enumerated, exacted by the existing
Tariff, which will continue in force until January next,
when the o?eratii,n of Mr. Clay's Bill will commence.
BA RILLA, free.
BEr swAx, free.
BoTILEs. 2 dollars per gross—not larger than qts.
BRISTLES, 3 cents per lb.
CANDLE4—TaIIow 5, Wax 6, Sperm 8 cents per lb.
COAL, 6 cents per bushel.
CocoA, free.
COFFEE, free.
CorrEn—Bolts, 4 cents per lb. Pig Sheathing and Old,
free.

CORDAGE.—Tarred 4 cents, Unbired 5 cents ptr
CORK, 12 cents per lb.
COTTON, 3 cents per lb.
Corms; BAGGING, 31 cents per square yard.
Dim. Ens, 25 per cent, ad val.
DRUGS AND DYFS.—AIum, 250, and Copper" 200
cents per cwt. ; Blue Vitriol, 4, Oil of Vitriol, 3, and
Sugar of Lead, 5 cents per In. ; Essence of Bergamot,
Lemon, Peppermint, Otto of Roses, Sulphate of Quinine,
and Tartaric Acid, 15 per cent. ad vol. All the other
articles free.
DUCK, 15 per cent., ad val.
DYE WOOD, free.
FEATHERS, 15 per cent., ad val.
Fr.n.—Saltnon, pickled, 2 dollars ter brl. ; e n Ikeda
1 dollar per 1121bs.
FLAX, free.
FRUIT, free.
FURS, dressed, 121 per cent. ad ea/ Undressed free.
GLASS, 3 dollars to 5 dollars per 100 feet.
GUNPOWDER, 8 cents per lb.
HEMP—Russi;, 40 dollars per bon ; Manilla, free;
Yarn, 5 cents per lb.
HIDES, free.
1-IoNFY, free.
Rousts, free.

IRON—Bars and Bolts, not rolled, IS dollars ; Rolled
and Bloom, 30 dollars ; Pig, 10 dollars ; Old and Scrap,
12 dollars 50 cents per ton; Hoop, Sheet, Rod, Plate,
&c. 3 cents per lb.
Ivony. free.
JUNIPER BERRIES, free.
LEAD—Pig, Bar and Sheet 3 cents, Old and Scrap
2 cents per lb.
MAHOGANY, free.
MotAssys, 5 cents per gallon.
MusTAirtn, 15 per cent. ad val.
NAILS—Iron, 5 cents per lb.
Otts—Linseed, 25 ; Olive, in casks, 20 cents p r
gallon ; Sal id, 15 per cent, ad val. Palm, free.
OSNABURGS, 15 per cent., advul.
PAINTS—White and Red Lead and Litbarge, 5 cents ;
Whiting and Ochre, 1 cent per lb. ; Chalk and Vermi-
lion, free.
PLASTER PARIS, free.
PORTER AND CIDER, in casks, lb ; in bottles, 20
cents per gallon.
RAGS, free.
SALT, 10 cents per 56 lbs.
SALTPETRE—Refined, 3 cents per lb. Crude, free.
Si-limn/4ns, 25 per cent, ad vol.
STOT, 4 cents per lb.
SKINs, undressed, free.
So►P, 4 cents per lb.
SPELTER, free.
SPICES, free.
SPIRITS—Biandy, 4th proof, 63; Rum, 3d proof, 57 ;
Gin, Ist proof, 57 cents per gallon.
STEEL, 1 dollar 50 cents per 112 lbs.
SUGARS—Brown, 21 ; White clayed, 3i ; Refined,
10 to 12 cents per lb.
SUMAC, free.
TALLOW, I cent per lb.
TEAS, free.
TIN, free.
TOBACCO LEAF, free.
TORTOISE SHELL, free.
TWINE, 5 cents per lb.

WlNes—Catalonia, 10 ; Claret, in casks, 6 ; Malaga,
15 ; Marseilles White, 10 ; and French, in bottles, 22 ;
Madeira and Sherry, 50. All other, and all in bottles
(except Madeira, Sherry, and French), 30 cents per gallon.
Wool., which costa over 8 cents per lb., 4 cents per lb.
and 50 per cent. ad val. ; cost not over 8 cents per lb. free

WESTMINSTER SESSIONS. (THIS DAY.)

The Court was occupied the greater put of the morn-
ing in hearing parish appeals, none of which possessed
matter of public interest.
John Brown was indicted for indecently assaulting
George Whitlock. The case occupied the Court a con-
siderable time; the only witnesses were the prosecutor
himself (a well dressed youth in the employ of Mr. Elton,
dyer, in Sloane-street) and John Redman, a policeman,
No. 2, division A. They underwent a severe cross-exa-
mination by Mr. Clarkson, in the course of which were
two or three discrepancies. The offence was alleged to
have been committed in Drury-lane Theatre, and upon
the prosecutor's own showing, he permitted it to be re-
peated before he in'ormed the policeman of it. The only
portion of the policeman's testimony affecting the pri,oner
was, that upon his tell►ng the prisoner the nature of ti e
charge, the letter replied, " if he had done PO he meant
no harm in it."

Mr. CLARKiON, in his address to the Jury, contended
that the prosecutor's testimony was not wholly deserving
of credit.

Several witnesses gave the prisoner an excellent
character.

The Jury found the prisoner Not Guilty.
Thomas James, a bay, was convicted of stealing a joint
of mutton, from the shop of Thomas Sleight, a butcher, in
Princes•street, Westminster, on the 15th of February,
and sentenced to one month's•imprisonment and to be once
whippa.
YOUTHFUL DEPRAVITY.—James Thomas alias Patrick
Welch, a boy, who, although only 13 years of age, has
been frequently in custody on charges of robbing shops of
trifling articles, was convicted of stealing a pair ;of shoes
from the shop of John kiddie. It appeared that be and
two other boys, having stolen the shoes, went to a cobbler
named Bradley and offered to sell them for sixpence!
Bradley believing they were stolen, laid hold of the prisoner
and held him until a policeman came up, when he desired
the policeman to take Bradley into custody for stealing the
.hoes from him.—(Laughter.)
Mr. Nodder, the Governor of Tothill.fselds, on being
asked by the Ch airman if he knew the prisoner, said he
did, and that the prisoner was one of a gang, some of
whom had already been transported.
The CHAIRMAN sentenced him to two months' impri-
sonment and to be twice privately whipped.
A LITERARY THIEF.--Richard Roberts, a young
man of respectable appearance, was indicted for steeling
two silver spoons and a silver salt-cellar, the property of
Martha Barnett.

The prosecutrix, it appeared, kept the Spring Gardens
Coffee-house, and on the 4th inst. the prisoner went in,
and, calling for a bacon of gravy soup, was served with it.
The waiter had some suspicion of him, and consequently
kept his eye upon him ; but being called away for a mo-
ment, the prisoner took the opportunity of putting a Eli CV
table spoon, a silver salt-cel sr and salt spoon into his
pocket, and suddenly left the house. Oa the waiter re-
turning into the coffee•romn, and missing his visiter and
the property, he ran out, overtook the prisoner, and give
him into custody. The property was found on his persor.
The prisoner had no witnesses to call as to his character,
in consequence, as he stated, of his not wishing to let his
friends, who were highly respectable, know the unhappy
situation he was in. He said be held a high rank in the
profession of literature, and he had for the last 12 months
been engaged in endeavouring to establish a periodical
publication, from which he had great expectations. Ti •
work was now so far advanced that it was to have
been published next Saturday. It was necessary, however'
m
somaoknseeo e
shieseat;:eicenaltdl a into
tuhpitiaohkne
to,n
one
have
poundsomoef phri pteoc tu
purchases'el otlt,
paperand
whis publisherth. Tha
That
requireduu
was
to
unable to give him, and being disappointed of money from
promisedehtrhileeshptibere partaking of a baton
,411:opruotorrsni:ecnhuhd.
its: 7x•psh,rasoows
prospects.
teoatcudhtssee.
fsoilirvy
oafndl
which it struck him that lie had the means within his reach
of raising the necessary sovereign, and he was tempted
to take the property, intending hereafter to redeem
it from pledge, and send it in a parcel to its owner. He
implored the mercy of the Court, on account of his
own family, and one into which he was about to marry--
his marriage having only been postponed until his long-
promised work was published. Could he but have dared
to let his friends know his situation, he could have the
highest character from persons distinguished in literature
from one of whom lie had now a commission to compose
some poetry for an album.
The jury found him Guilty.
TheCl-11.1P.MAN sentenced him to six months' impr'..
ailment.

An extraordinary entry was matte yesterday
at the Custom-house-41 chest's of bullion, from C„4 j.

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The accounts from the country state that the
introduction of the measure of " local courts'
has produced very general satisfaction. The
people had begun loudly to complain that their
petitions upon this important subject were disre-
garded. It has long been evident, that the ad-
ministration of the law could not be suffered to
remain in its present state. The enormous ex-
penses which attend litigation, bear no proportion
to the subject matter of the controversy. It
often happens that they fall so heavily upon the
party who has right on his side, as to render the
remedy more oppressive than the wrong. In
onsequence, many wisely submit to injury as
he most prudent course ; and hence arises a

-irtual denial of justice. It was not probable
bat such a state of things with a Reformed
Parliament, would any Ipnger be endured. The
Afficial returns have shown that one-sixth only of
the litigation in all the superior courts originates
in causes of action exceeding 50/. ! There is
another matter connected with the administra-

tion of the law that requires immediate altera-
tion ; and this measure of " local courts" offers
an opportunity of effectuating it in the most
convenient manner. The chairmen of quarter
sessions should be professional men ; it is im-
possible that appeals embracing the nicest
points of law can ever be properly heard
by any others. But since the abolition of capital
punishments has so generally taken place, and so
much more criminal business thereiore brought
before the Justices, involving the highest penal
consequences short of death—it has become
absolutely necessary, for the security of the
subject, that lawyers by education and practice
should alone preside in the Crown Courts.
Under the present system, the office of chair-
man is commonly filled by country gentlemen,
who seek it as an object of ambition in their
respective counties ; but who, with every dis-
position to do justice, are totally unqualified.
Hence contradictory decisions frequently take
place, and thus arises that contempt for the
administration of the law, as well as a feeling
of distrust, not unmixed, in many instances,
with reasonable apprehensions of danger, that
cry aloud for the removal of the evil. Instead,
therefore, of pursuing that plan that has been
proposed of forming departments, consisting of
several counties, and confining the duties of
the local judges to civil business only, let there
be one experienced barrister for each of the
larger counties (and two, in the case of the
smaller ones, might be consolidated for this
purpose), who should act as chairman of the
quarter-sessions in court, leaving the existing
chairmen for the business that is transacted
out of court. Let this judge hold his sessions
eight times a year. After the session business
is concluded, let him proceed with that which is
given him by the new judicature. He should ad-
journ from the county town to the principal places
i thin his district. If thebusinessof thelnsolvent
Court were added to his duties, it would be a con-
siderable advantage. It might be computed that
his periodical sittings would each require up-
wards of a month; thus leaving, at different
intervals, about three months, in the whole, for
vacation. Great opposition will be made to
this measure. There is no doubt but that the
interests of Westminster Hall will be arrayed
against it,—all of which will be affected. The
jealousy of the country gentlemen, too, may
also be excited. But these are not times when
such considerations must be permitted to pre-
vail. The Lord Chancellor acted discreetly in
postponing his measure till he could announce
the sanction of the Common Law Commis-
sioners—a testimony above all suspicion. The
change of the sessions chairman is a step which
the bar in a body and the attorneys will pro-
nounce quite indispensable. We have heard it
said that it might be advisable to strip Lord
Brougham's plan at once of such parts of it as
are not clearly useful, or as may be considered
fanciful. The making the local judge an "ar-
bitrator," is wholly unnecessary. If the parties
choose so to decide their differences, they may
do so now ; and to a great extent this course is
followed. There are no barristers who have
provincial practice but have references constantly
before them. The Court of " Reconcilement'
is in fact a Court of Arbitration under another
name ; and it would be difficult to rescue such
an institution, in spite of the example of foreign
countries,- from the imputation of being rather
whimsical. But it should be observed, that ar-
bitration is an expensive process ; whereas the
Judge in the Court of Reconciliation is paid by
the public. This compulsory jurisdiction should
extend to 501.; and we trust it will ultimately
extend to that sum. To save Juries trouble of
lengthened attendances, there is no reason why
causes, not exceeding 101., should not be decided
solely by the award of the Judge. It is difficult
to see why time should be lost in making expe-
riments, and delaying the benefits of this mea-
sure, which has so universally been required.
Such an institution must be adopted ; and
amendments in the system of this particular one
might from time to time be made, as imperfec-
tions in its working should be discovered. 11
it was necessarily a final measure to be proposed,
a partial trial of it would be desirable; but as

that is not so, the withholding immediate relief
from all but one or two districts is trifling with
the wishes of the nation.—Morning Chronicle.
Of the many prognostics which those birds of
ill omen, the clingers to the abuses of schedule
A, levelled against the great and salutary mea-
sure of Parliamentary Reform, very few, indeed,
have hitherto been, in any respect, realised.
Among those few, however, there is one which,
owing to the supineness of one class of repre-
Fentatives, as compared with the zeal, activity,
and intelligence of another, does seem to be in
the way of accomplishment. We allude to the
advantage which it was likely to give the popu-
lation of the towns over that of the rural dis

tricts. Every day of meeting in the House of
Commons furnishes abundant proofs of the
ready access which the complaints of one class
of the community find to that House, and of
the little which it, comparatively, hears of the
far greater misery and privation under which a
large proportion of the agricultural population
are silently suffering. In the one case, the
e )(tent of the evil, there is reason to believe, is,
in Some instances, over-stated (as in that of
Oldham), while, in the other, county Members,
as if they were only the representatives of the
richer part of their constituents, are wholly silent
as to the deplorable state of those whose real
situation they ought to know, and, knowing it,
ought to proclaim to the Legislature. All this
is an argument
!II favour of that full and ex-
tended inquiry into the real state of the country
which Ministers, backed by the votes of so
many of these very county Members, have hi-
therto too effectually resisted. To legislate
justly and effectually Parliament must possess a
full and comprehensive knowledge of the sub-
ject which it has to grapple with, which, as far

as the agricultural districts are concerned, it
is hitherto comparatively in the dark about,.
We will take the three neighbouring counties
of Kent, Sussex, and Hants, as those
where the distress of the farmers and of the la-
bouring classes, as well as the pressure of the
poor rate, are the most rife and to be deplored,
and ask, what have the twelve representatives of
these counties done towards making known the
state of their constituents, compared with any of
twelve town Members who might very easily be
named ? One of them, a Cabinet Minister, has
scarcely opened his lips upon any one subject
since the day that Parliament assembled ; and of
the rest, the greater part have not only been
" most eloquently silent," but have actually
aided the Ministers in resisting all inquiry. If
we have thus established the point which we set
out with asserting, that reform has given the
towns an advantage over the country, it by no
means follows that it need, still less that it ought,
to be so. On the contrary, it should teach
country gentlemen of what advantage habits of
business are, and how much it becomes them
not to be outdone on the score of that local
knowledge, as well as the means of imparting it,
which are among the first duties of an honest re-
presentative ; and failing of this in the present
race, it will teach the county constituencies to
single out in future men of more active habits,
who will not sleep over the interests intrusted to
their charge, while the town representatives are
wide awake. It was the well-known remark of
Sir Robert 'Walpole that the landed interest,
like silly sheep, stood still to be shorn. The
lapse of a whole century does not appear in any
degree to have removed the reproach.—Morn-
ing Herald.

His Majesty's Ministers, during the leisure
hours which the recess will afford them, will look
back with a lively satisfaction to the credit they
have earned by the labours of the last few weeks.
higism, always loud to promise, always feeble
to perform, never promised so much, and never
performed so little, as in these latter times, It
has testified the utmost readiness to plunder ;
but its ignorance has at least deferred the medi-
tated mischief. It has proclaimed war against
rebellion ; but its cowardice has retired from the
first encounter. it has cringed to its enemies,
and they have laughed ; it has menaced them,
and they have laughed the louder. Lord Gode-
rich had a scheme for the abolition of slavery in
the West Indies. It was to be immediate and
satisfactory. Its principle had been recognised ;
its details had been discussed; its expense had
been calculated. Great was the joy of the mis-
sionaries, and high the rapture of Mr. Fowell
Buxton. Merchants looked sadly at their
ledgers ; but old ladies triumphed over their
tea. Alas ! week after week has glided
away ; and , Lord Goderich has succeeded
only in the holding of his tongue, and
the resignation of his office. Mr. Stanley had a
6clieme for the suppression of agitation. With
what a prodigious flourish of trumpets was it
announced ! Property was to be secured,
loyalty was to be protected ; treason was to be
driven from all its fastnesses—from the bogs of
Kilkenny and from the parlours of Merrion-
square. But the Fieldens and the Finns arrayed
themselves against the adventurous secretary. The
necessary severity was discovered to be unneces-
sary, and the indispensable clauses were dispensed
with. Mr. Stanley, having carefully preserved
all that could irritate, and benevolently relin-
quished all that could coerce, has succeeded only
in winning the aversion and the contempt of both
parties alike, the loyal and the disloyal, the honest
man and the knave, Mr. Boyton and Mr.
O'Connell. Lord Althorp had a scheme for
the spoliation of the Church. It was the result
of long study, the matured production of the
political labour of a whole life. It was developed
amidst the yells of blasphemers and the sneers
of sceptics. Mr. Hume was grateful for its in-
troduction ; Mr. O'Connell applauded its prin-
ciple. Twice has Lord Althorp joined battle
upon this most favourable ground, and twice has
he been driven back to his own position. First
he succeeded in discovering that the orders
of the House were opposed to his progress,
and next lie succeeded in ascertaining that it
would be well to reconsider the principle of the
measure which, after so much toil, he had
framed. We have not space, nor leisure, nor
inclination to enumerate all the failures by which
the Whigs have proved their hereditary incapa-
city. They have tried to mediate between Bel-
giurn and Holland ; and Belgium and Holland,
hating each other not less, hate the mediators far
more. They have tried to settle the question of
the East India Charter ; and the question, diffi-
cult enough already, has acquired, in their un-
skilful manipulation, a tenfold difficulty. They
have tried to improve the Revenue, and there is
an instructive deficiency in the accounts of the
quarter. They have tried to be popular with
the rabble, and they are abused in the Journals
of the Movement so bitterly that they will take
our remarks for eulogy. In old times, two or
three of these accidents would have destroyed an
Administration. But the Whig Cabinet is ac-
cus omed to calamity ; it is become an adept in
humiliation. Nothing can hurt Lord Grey ; he
is fearless, like Scribe's unhappy equestrian, in
his "grande habitude de tomber.' —Morning
Post.
From the official statement of the Revenue
which appears in another part of our Paper it
will be seen that the financial affairs of the coun-
try are anything but prosperous. The Quarter
just ended presents a deficit, as compared with
the corresponding Quarter of last year, of
92,420/. ; no very large sum certainly, if it could
be considered merely as an occasional fluctuation.
What is really alarming, however, in this deficit
is, that it is only the latest of a long series of
similar defalcations, and below several of its pre-
decessors in positive amount, only perhaps be-
cause, having lost so much before, there now
remained the less for us to lose. The leak may
be as large as ever, although the exhausted vessel
runs more slowly. What the country wants is
renovation. What it obtains in this financial
statement is the melancholy assurance that it is
sinking at a rate somewhat less rapid than when
its decay began.—Morning Post.

Proposals are now circulating for establishing
a joint Stock Banking Company at Hull ; the capital to be
800,0001., raised in 8,000 shares of 100/.. each.--New
castle Journal.

REDUCTION IN DEVONPORT DOCK-YARD.
—A very considerable reduction is about to take place in
the dock-yard at this port. Out of the 776 shipwrights
at present employed, 170 are to be reduced, 30 of whom
will be retained in the capacity of joiners, while the re-
tnainder will he either superannuated or sent elsewhere.
The house carpenters also are to be partly superannuated,
and the remainder either employed as joiners or lsbouret s;
whilst from the smith's department 17, we understand,
are to be removed.—Plymouth Journal.

A Parliamentary Paper has just been printed,
containing an account of the number of acres of land in
Great Britain under the cultivation of hops in 1832, from
which it appears that there were 47,101 acres cultivated
with hops in that yedr. The duty upon hops of the
growth of 1832 amounted to 241,771/.

LENT ASSIZES.

NORTHERN CIRCUIT.--LAN(msTER, APRIL 2.

DOE DEM. TATHAM V. WRIGHT.

This cause, which excites a considerable degree
of interest throughout the northern part of this
country, was called on before a jury specially selected
for the purpose, some of whom did not appear to
relish the prospect of being obliged to continue
their attendance for a week or ten days on the iv-
casion.

Mr. CRESWELL opened the pleadings by briefly
stating that the ejectment was brought to recover
the manor and lands of Hornby, and also the great
and small tithes there; for'the manor of Tatham and
land, and great and small tithes there; and for a great
quantity of land in the county of Lancaster. The
value of the property is understood to be about
7,0001. per annum, and the real object of the action
is to try whether the late owner, John Marsden,
who resided at Hornby Castle, was competent to
make the will by which he had devised it away
from the plaintiff, his heir-at-law.
Mr. POLLOCK admitted the plaintiff to be the
heir-at-law of the deceased. By this course he
claimed to address the jury and present his case to
their notice first. He began by saying that, on the
part of the defendant, it was for him to show that
the late John Marsden, of Hornsby Castle, did make
a will, and that he was competent to do so. The
late Mr. Marsden was born in 1758, and lost his
father two or three years after, and his
mother subsequently married a Colonel Bayly.
He was placed at school first at Lancaster,
and subsequently at Kirby Lonsdale, with a
clergyman named Crofts. After this be lived
at Wennington-hall, with an elder brother, who
died in 1780. At that time the family consisted of
his mother, an aunt, and a Mrs. Cookson, who acted
as housekeeper, and died in 1791. In 1787 he
purchased the manor and lands of Hornby, which
were the subject of the present action. The purchase
was completed in 1789, and the family removed
from Wennington-hall to Hornby Castle in 1794,
where the testator lived until his death, in July,
1826. In the course of that time he bought, he
sold, he mortgaged, he gave and took bonds, exe-
cuted instruments, and transacted all the usual busi-
ness of life. He made eight or ten wills, and
subsequently he employed Mr. Sharp, a most
respectable professional gentleman of Lancaster,
and to him instant notice was given of Mr.
Marsden's death when it happened. The
testator was scarcely cold in his bed before
Admiral Tatham, the plaintiff, sent a note to Mr.
Sharp to forbid the will being proved. Up to that
time plaintiff had never questioned one of the tes-
tator's acts, but permitted him to sell the paternal
estate without one word of remonstrance. Yet the
haste with which he interfered after the death
showed that he was waiting for an opportunity to
dispute the will. Soon after, a bill was filed in
Chancery, and an issue directed to be tried. This
was done three years ago at York, the trial of which,
by singular coincidence, commenced on this very
same day of the same month. In that issue, wherein
the present defendant was the plaintiff, a verdict
was found for him. The Vice-Chancellor was ap-
plied to, but he professed himself satisfied, and re-
fused to interfere. It was then carried before the
late Chief Baron Alexander, who also thought that
there was no reason to interfere. It was not carried
further to the House of Lords, and the bill wasfitially
dismissed. He now came to show that Mr. Marsden
was competent to make a will. It was to be ob-
served, that though Admiral Tatham claimed as heir-
at-law, it was not to the paternal estate, but one
which Marsden had more especially a right to dis-
pose of, because he had purchased it himself; and
it was now three, four, five, or probably six times
the value of the family property. A list had been
prepared of all the instruments executed by or to
the deceased during the course of a long life. The
Learned Gentleman then gave a detail of the deeds,
instruments, bonds, contracts, &c., executed by the
testator. How could it be said, contended Mr.
Pollock, that a man capable of all these solemn acts
was not competent to make his will ? The Learned
Gentleman then proceeded to produce, and read,
and to comment upon, as he went along, the corre-
spondence of the testator with a variety of persons
during his life, some of whom were very distin-
guished individuals. This part of the case occupied
the Learned Counsel till near 7 o'clock, when the
Court rose and adjourned till 9 o'clock to-morrow,
when he resumes his address to the jury. His ad-
dress to-day occupied near seven hours.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET."-"-.THURS-
DAY, APRIL 4.—The sales of cotton are calculated at
2,500 bales, and 9 300 have been sold in the week.
TITHE SEIZURES.—The Rev. MATTHIAS
CUMMINS is most indefatigable in his exertions to recover
his arrears of tithe from the county of Kilkenny. Very
lately he drove home 53 cattle in a tithe foray on the bor-
ders of the county of Carlow, and last Friday he was out
again on a similar expedition. He left Kilkenny city at half-
past four in the morning, accompanied by Mr. GREENE,
resident Magistrate, guarded by a subaltern's party of in-
fantry, 10 of the sth dragoons, with drivers, &c., and
proceeded to Killaby, where he was met by Mr. Foam,
chief constable, with 40 police. Mr. CUMMINS then di-
rected the seizures, and effected the capture of 13 head of
cattle, which he drove home to Kilkenny to be sold for
the arrears. No opposition was given to these seizures by
the farmers.

REMARKABLE SUICIDE.—( From the Bos-
ton Daily Advertiser.)—Yesterday morning, about
eight o'clock, soon after the lad had opened the store of
Messrs. SAMUEL. BRADLEE and Son, No. 142, Washing.
ton-street, he found in the first chamber the bodies of Mr.
JOHN B. CARTER, aged 23, and Miss MARY BRADLEE,
aged about 19, suspended by a silk handkerchief, from a
rope which formerly supported a scale.bcam. The ho-
dTs were cold, their bands clasped, and their faces and
lips in contact. They had stood facing each otter, one
upon two steps, the other upon a box placed in a chair.
Mr. CARTER and Miss BRADLEE were engaged to be
married to each other, with the apprAation and consent
of their several parents. Four letters were left by them,
two in Miss B.'s dressing.rootn, one of which was written
by herself, and two were in the room where the bodies
were found. These letters were submitted to the Coro•
ner's Jury, but contained nothing which could throw any
light upon the transaction, except that the act was volun-
tary with both, and deliberately resolved upon. They
did not (as, indeed, the case could not justify their so do-
ing) convey the slightest reproach to their parents; but
bide them adieu in terms like those of aff,ction•tte chil-
dren upon their death-bed. Miss BRADLEE was of a
mild, dutiful, and affectionate disposition, nor, so far as
•we can learn, of a romantic turn of mind. Mr. CARTER
was of a pleasing disposition, honest and honourable in
his dealings, but somewhat remarkable for eccentricity
in his manners and conversation. Their parents are
among our best and most esteemed citizens, and the con-
sternation which the strange calamity that has befallen
them excited in this community was great in the extreme.
EXECUTION OF LORD BALMERINO.—
Having concluded his speech, he desired that the hearse in
which his coffin was to be placed, might be brought
towards the scaffold, and, after looking upon it for a few
rnomen t she inquired for the executioner, who, on ap-
proaching, was about to ask his Lordship's forgiveness,
when BALMERINO stopped him by saying, the performance
of his duty was commendable. " Friend," continued he,
presenting the man with three guineas, " I never had
much money; this is all I possess at present." Ile re-
gretted the Rift was so small, but observed he could add
nothing to i texcept his coat and waistcoat, of which he
immediately divested himself, and placed them upon his
coffin. On taking his last farewell of his friends, he said
to one of them, " I am afraid there are some who may
think toy hehaviour too bold; but remember, Sir, what I
tell you ; it arises from a confidence in GOD, and a clear
conscience." He then took the axe in his band, and,
having felt the edge, returned it to the executioner, whom
he clapped on the shoulder, and, tucking down the collar
of his shirt, showed him where to aim, encouraging and
requesting him to strike with resolution ; " For in that,
Friend," added he, " will consist your mercy." Immedi-
ately after, without trembling or changing countenance,
he knelt down before the block, and exclaimed, with out-
stretched arms, " 0 LORD ! reward my friends, forgive
my enemies, and receive my soul !" Having uttered these
words, he gave the preconcerted signal (dropping his hands)
for the executioner to strike ; but the latter was so un-
nerved by the Earl's coolness and intrepidity, or flurried by
the unexpected suddenness of the signal, that it was only
on the third fall of the axe that BALMERINO was decapi.
tated.— Georgian Era.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HO USE.

EXTRAORDINARY FIGHT.—A traveller to a mer-
cantile house, named Simpson, charged the driver
of a stage coach, on Thursday, with a violent assault.
The complainant's head was cut, and one of his eyes
was, as it was described, completely " bunged up,"
notwithstanding which, the crowd in the Justice-
room was, during the examination, convulsed with
laughter.
The complainant stated that having been collect-
ing cash in the neighbourhood of Blackwall, he got
into the stage after dinner, upon the understanding
that he should pay no more than 10d., but upon
reaching London, the driver insisted upon more,
and, on being refused, knocked him about in a cruel
way, as might be seen.
The coachman—Please your Lordship, the gen-
tleman was pretty well drunk, and when I axed him
for the 101, he said, says he, take it out o' that
ere, and he fetches me sich a topper, that I couldn't
see out of my eyes; so, when I comes to myself, I
thought I ought to give the gentleman his change,
and so I fetches him a good'un ; for, though I'm a
coachman, I don't like to have my head knocked
off for nothing.—(A laugh.)
Complainant—l never struck him, my Lord;
and he knocked out three of my front teeth.
Coachman—Please you, my Lord, they wan't his
own teeth; for I'm blessed if they wan't fastened
together with a bit of copper, and no one's teeth
ever growed in that ere way. Besides, my Lord,
when they was taken out of the mud, he stuck 'em
in his jaw as tight as ever.—(Laughter.) But I've
two or three gentlemen here as see'd the whole
consarn of it. Come forward, Jem, and tell his
Lordship of this here wrangle.
Jem (a coach cad, with a wisp of hay in his
hand, and an exceedingly dirty face)—" You see,
my Lord, this here gentleman as complains of the
hinjury to his tooth gets out of the vvehicle_quite
beastly drunk, and he comes up alongside of my
master, and he makes no more ado but he gives it
him right between his chandeliers (eyes), and if I
didn't chance to be on the t'other side and cotched
him, I'm blowed if he would not have knocked him
into Queer-street.—(Great laughter.)
. .

A gentleman who came up -to town in the coach
said that the complainant was intoxicated, and had
charged him with a robbery, and evidently was not
aware of what he was doing.

The complainant declared that he was not tipsy,
but acknowledged that he recollected nothing of
what took place in the coach. He was, he assured
the Lord Mayor, as sober as a judge.
Jem— Sober ! 0 Jabus !—Blessed if you want as
drunk as a Lord.
The LORD MAYOR—How drunk was that ? I
don't understand your distinctions. Jem—Why,
please you, my Lord, it didn't want the scum of a
half quartein to make the gentleman as swipey as a
coalheaver of a Sunday morning.—(Laughter.)
The LORD MAYOR—If he was so very drunk, it
was cowardly to heat him in such a manner,

Coachee—Please you, my Lord, the gentleman
as just gived evidence for me was wrong in one par-
ticular. The gentleman knowed well whet he was
a'ter, for he know'd how to pitch it into me, and
bless'd if I han't pains all over my body ever since.
The LORD MAYOR—I'm afraid, Mr. collector,
that you have been collecting something besides
cash in your travels. Coachee— We taked care of
his property and him, and washed the slush off his
flesh. Didn't you, Jem ?

Jem—Yes, master; and I hope the gentleman
won't forget me. I cleaned him out of sich a stink-
ing pickle, and no mistake, please you, my Lord.—
(Laughter.)—Discharged.
