t i :t

71)11
.

I }.
r

s.!.X . ‘,
I
.. a

,

neignre rommnnily are properly eslionaltd, Ibis whole ton-
swooi• .so and explore CJII iiiii it iw thooelgt, be expressed
ow 41. Ir.gyrgl by bus tb.go suo 1111,i01111. The expense of
to!...,:ass sod rot arils. capliooli is beer fiVI azagnai Hie
Ing.eg v or gclowny of %Val. a, ,irot I soil, and Ireland, Oa limit
grotool population.
A:1 the posolssets of ob► soil, sad of ills r nlo;vation by la.
Into, sof sio.loorisig trrationos in bonlelissors, foo osoiiii its, nod
igoo:g g0...04; as wry as of on.intaarlsorco, sit skill, meggial
nit y, aad t ..e armpits, in nosesines moil ships (which
pre lot ma, booty of tonsnottrt), or ne.wtos hoe, and in auy to-
r.-Len giveatong•nl, and all Ike profile, it any, or aurnrot of
• tkri? :a capital &Tired from tosternational exclint.gra, soo
tlgr ingrogne (coin colonial reln•e. of vratrol capital
is Mimi, tutor lii 14110.1100. Ih. 10/1..ei.• I.,nosror or sig.. ',Mil.
i• . appliratone a n.l ti. • 111011 iiii .howl is soar pnuH
r.l' pies it, lie Ilmoroza 1..11 t well 11. v. 10,0.11
_

An indistinct apprelsemion of the matter, or a confusion
a Wear. tots ComilitlA in grappling a ids these great and ill-
trivee emi.id y3sioti+, seems to hare the ruergette
soil isolefaitgadle Minister of the AqlsoCiattolis ill II en.b.l Alio%
flop I. iss the rapissotion attempted, of the clompurabre
" ozriculture and navels) cotn metre.
lo the general or Iradiug ss am, there ale nn " protF4"
f.., la /11,:rirlelltlire; arid, in COMmuis tares, there is directly a
mutual IWI of letboter in Must fort.,zot exchanges. As these
sst are prop• only of the ciirplur a natural growths, or
prwidelivel of lalsaistr, machinery, o art, their value
air pike 111 exelsange fur rialic prodactions may be in a de-
(lry al:Orary. 11111 in She barter of corn air
Champagne, or silver or woollens for the tea of Close, or the
oratt•:es of Lisbon and St. Michael's All these exchanger,
hoverer, when lung continued, confswm to the ►attu of the
st.uttoil cost• of production, or subunit to the law of supply
And demand.

T!,ere are no means of ase►rtainiag. weir even any means
of thstingnishing the comparative "wet door prop" of
productions from the soil, and of the halsace of isit•rnational
exchanges. The merchants, traders, nr niansfacturers may
find pruonal profit■, while the grueral community sustains
Toss or ilnadvantage from their traffic. Exporting all the
woollens nag cottons the country, sail all the hardware
(leaving the general population half naked), to purchase ae
daily bread of the people abroad, would be a very 11.01'2131e
" agency" for a few, but would be misery fur the many, mid
poverty and weakness for the politic body.
The gem rat income of a mate will, its wholesome re-
lations, bear a proportion to the extent of its active
property and capital, and will be determined by the power
of the industrious labour, skill, and mechanism employed,
:it'd by the fertility of its Foil, and the skill mil eenatimir of
its cultivation. The introduction of grain hunt other vom-
it its, will have the flied to moderate the moiket price of
(air own growths, or to reduce it beton, the ,xmose of its
growth with ws; but depreciation in the ?able of commodity
dues not of itself diminish the Toned!, of money or cur-
rency, though it tends to render • part of its amount stip r-
Hsu's. Any natural, accidental. or legal contractiou of
all aVelliONlffi currency, has a gavot effect o,n the nominal
Fri.e of all carninuilitin, and as merchandise allaets even
the precions metals in some degree—and this effect will be
the greater, if it come iu action concurrently with nll.er
causes of depreciating—a■ of al clerk to credit, confidence,
twine circulations, and foreign (spurts.
The" eel profit" attemptsii to he estimated (in the " Re-
port" to the Agriculturists) of trade and shipping is quite
utimesnim; and inaccnrate, and has no bearing open the
cars! ions it is stated to affect. -The returns of the property
Tax will wave as little; this was an assessinimt on all
iticuraes above a certain amount, without regent to then-
eLiiralion ; very inaccurate sad deficient to themselves',
and not at all applicable to a correct or complete estimate
of the grosser real anneal products of the roil, industry: ca.
petal, and foreign trading of the Empire.
This rack" of estimate and comparison, so far from
brine: solid, is a " baseless fabric," unf Jed ua fact, or
any theory of political arithmetic, or statistic principle.

The amount in value of lead, and of all its products, and
of the lehuur, capital, sail attention they require from the
et-eerier, mid workers of the soil, is the principal property,
arid the great Rod surest, as well the must necessary iocume
or riches of tae country. For its due cousbleratiou, fur
proper terutection from the taws aud custom of the country,
it should not reggae. disparaging comparisons with esaustfac.
tore. Red forrigo cousin. ree, Nor erroneous assumptions' on
sitihrti sail currency. Nature has placed the food of • great
people ou the " rock* of their soil, and defraded it there
by the law of necessity, and by all the reason that instinct,
preadesce,Coll4oll.l sense, and suited poPey can suggest or
etifirrre. The proper object of egricultere is to raise fermi
a given extent sod quality of suit the lutanist produce with
the lost of labour, human Or 1111.1.:341, and of expense that
is practicable. It is Skew produced as cheaply as possi-
ble i and to this rust of production, its average price,
(to a west* of years, must refer. Tithes and lases •ow
the land, and on 'abuse, and the key fur the poor iriii
enter into, sail vete this rate of price at home, sad
the accidents of harvests will ocean another valise
t ton, as they may be alwindant, or deficient. 'lite free
and unregulated import of foreign in competition
with a saOckary of home growth, must, in a course of time,
discourage agriculture; and if it eau he obtained in grafi.
orient (reality, gradually impoverish the community, and
degisite the people to tbsrlllo.lstarish &Tendril...sof itatural
sad politic insecurity, and of an Eitypliati severity of bond.
age and bard labour, to purchase their daily bread. There
would be a mistimes: to this extrenitty, but great soffering
its the roarer of decline, and in the woggle to recover a
w!-A.-lome condition.

S•nee the diseovety of America, Srtin has diasipated all
She treasures of her rich mines, about IMO millions sterling,
eittily in the pnrchsse of brrail corn and salt fish, and has
rrduc.•.l her population more than one half. The Israelites
of UI.I, alio seen) never to have addicted themselves to
laliqvr, were ohliged to" srl their booths" to the Egyptians
fur bread, sad " to go down to Egypt" as slaves.—ls
ti•rie any instance 'us record, of any great nation or nu-
merous pPopte, which has ewer trusted to Auriga' soils and
politic amity far their food: (tome went farthest its this,
when she could exact corn, as tribute, frum all the shores of
the Mediterranean, and from Egypt also.
The transport of the fowl of a people by land is impossi.
They •ho seek it out of their own connives tans( ►eise
on olltri lands, aspriquerurs, ur go down" to them, like

t:te plirlwews of 01d, as slaves. Nor has navigation stuck
iacreastathia power; all the shipping of Europe could not
trunpport Jo du 14 'bons the hired of IS millioas of pi:o,4
sec will mantsfaeteres purchaw food: all that the severeat
Inhume mod she most powerful utacicurr3, infant slavery, and
female toil eoeld effect wish UP, would not long purchase
Oar rftl.ll of the neighbouring nations: the maneafac i urea pro.
thsee.l by labour and mrsehbie)y,Lew tha ir value in radiance
us skill and uumhees increase; all the producta of the wail
affrareat in value or price in exchange, as numbers in-
raesse, cud men improve In civilization mid pa ogress in
wraith. In the hurt half century, corn, wine, wood,
t!,,S, flit., hemp, and wool, have doubled or more in
each: price, taken in the standard of the precious
metals; most or all monn-facturita, anal most of all "
ara-
rkewt-fietlMM,"have fallen to one-half, une-thiscl, or It se
yf sktie foram' early-Aug.:able •e will. gold, silver, and
hinter fisisd or raw product. of our soil. Cold and silver,
*Which •re said to have,falien in price bs. or sd. all ounce,
Itikwetten Intl:ear Tofu, is esehwege with other meichandisc
end eitweena..hty. 4J to per cent. tiara. ISIS; and in ra-
cks/age for fora. tram, end copper, full une-third; will, rot.
owls it is del ;roll and painful to state how mtiels more.
. . _ . . .

11111 thirst( •mm ies of the Emperor of Russia with one guud
w,ultro cloth, Ai 4s. 4d. a x tool, as in 1516.17, and taking
Coe corn tit the Clime■ in exchange, would he as had a retiree
far Great Nritsin lo conlitate, AS it would he ',whit to pure
the enrol from Iloseow to Constantinople and I.paltin.
The rent, the ware., the tithes, Ow unantirmanre of the
Twiner, the return fur his capital ittvrttivd uu the Moil, and
the roe it-Rffians to the sta►e and to the peer, which are all
dr, ay. rl from the harvests hurl growths of the soil, are any of
them ill designated Isy the trading tvrin of "profits;" and
the nature and process of land,fettaattcymnd the co collations
sit the cultivators of the soil, are not atwilw conditruns to

l4ir. ' ;
1
i
