..
would ask whether the prohibitory laws were tot almost nominal,
while, by means of smuggling, such quantities of silk were intro.
ducal into the country ? The House was only going to make that
itgal, which was effected by illegal means.
-Laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
fit. `DAVENPORT presented two petitions from the silk-
snrufacturers of Congleton, against the repeal of the dudes
"A niilar en petition was presented by hlr* BLACKBURN, from
etthe -manufacturers of Manchester.
Another was brought up by the Sheriffs, front the lard Mayor,
Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of London, against
tar repeal of the duties on silk.
Mr. Aldegnan Ii'OOD hoped the House would consider the
situation in which a noinber of persons were placed whose total
41 este weion the article of silk. The parties concerned were
aTillirettgly averse to the proposed repeal ; and the present peti-
tioners thought that the House.would much better consult the in-
ternee of the country by repealing the assessed taxes.
Laid on the table.
• Mt. Alderman HEVGATE, in alluding to the tax on coals, ob-
served that there was no tax which, as it referred to the city of Lon-
don. apPeared more odious or bore unjust. He trusted his Ma-
iesty's Ministers would take this subject into consideration, in pre-
ference to one of which the country knew comparatively nothing.—
Laid ua the table.
Another petition was presented by Alderman BRYDGES, from
the silk-manufacturers al Spitalfields, against the repeal of the laws
vjhich prohibit the importation of silk.
A sipailir. petition was presented by Alderman HEVGATE,
fronts the inhabitants of Sudbury ; and another by Sir 'l'. LETH-
BRIDGE, from the silk-throwers of Bronghton, in Somerset.
ahire.—Ortleted to lie on the table, and to be printed.
Mr. BARING presented a petition from persons interested in
the silk trade at Taunton, stating that the ruin of their trade would
be the consequence of any alteration in the prohibitory laws.
COAL DI °TiEs.

Mr. WI LBRAHA3I presented 'petition from the inhabitants
of New Romney, against the duties on cnal carried coastwise.
ioriera GRATTAN moved for a return of the quantity of woe! cx-
from Ireland since the year 1800, distinguishing each year.
..-Ordered.
LICENCE DUTIES.

• Ur. T. WILSON presented a petition from the licensed victu-
idlers and innkeepers of the ward of Aldgate, praying foe a repeal
of the Beeler duties.—Laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. 11. DAVIS presented a petition from the inhabitants of
Bristol, prasing for a repeal of the aisessed taxes.
Mr. BRIGHT supported the petition, and observed, that such
a repeal would materially serve the agricultural interests.
After a few a onls from Mr. BENETT (Wiltshire), the petition
was ordered to be laid on the table and to he printed.
Dir. Alderman W(X)D moved for a return of the number of
quarters of barley shipped during the year 11193 from Scotland to
England, and also limn England to Ireland—Ordered.
DI 'TIES ON CIDER.

Sir J. COTTERii:CY;;entei tietitTlWlfrent the inhabitants
.of the city of Hereford, praying for a repeal of the duties on eider.
,--Lsid on the table.
TITHE BILL.

Mr. ABERCROMBi prerrenteriapelition from the diocese of
floyne, in the county of Cork, against the Tithe Bill.—li.•aid on
the table.

SLAVERY.

Lord W. RUSSELL presented a petition from the clergy and
gentry of the county of Bedford, praying for the Lbolition of
egni slavery.
A similar petition wskpresented by Mr. BRIGHT, from East
(;renferil; and another by Mr. N. CALVERT, from Huddesdon,
In Bertfordshire...—baid oft the table and ordered to be printed.
