----
------..,
111. 4 • . - _, _
AWAlNallik
C
..e."' •-, Vl' ‘
. • _;:h41\,1:4,74 . /27/
....- . b... . .......,,,,,,
. . ,
. ~...„...„......„...
. .
Al .
. ~...- ~, ~ loryiTi:,.. •.• ( N..
-1 lal . . •
.I*. • 105.• -s -
, 1 .
.......
-1-7 LI
I 4."
11l
II I I 1.- . - --.... • ,
...1
. .
. .
. - .

• . .
N. .
i
--r =, • -,-fr: ~
umssa 6051. 'a I? .'", , '

LOI

PRICK- 71
I DON, FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 182f4.1.-- • -
_ _

1111C41111141111Y A 4, DRURY-LA 1.4 It. •
/111HIS..EVENINO, FRIDAY, April g 6. his
ilsissiy`s Sierra*, will 'whom rho Dram et
THE CASTLE SPECTRE. •. .
osossi, Mr. Roan; Howne, Mr. 0.011111; Farber
Mt. Gown; Peng, Mr. Pesky; Melky, arr. Korn/ i Rt
plaid, Mr. Pope; Nearest, Mr. Bromley. Asp* Mile
Wiwi; Atka, Mn. Borlorm
Aker *kith the Molest Rowertolomost oP
PAUL AND VIRGINIA.
Pail, Marken Vet& ; Alathire. Misr Gepolia;
✓ime, Mr. KM& ; Oloralo Trim* Mr. Goble. Vierniop
Min Pony; Ism Mws Blood ; Melotbs, Mies cabin.
Das Public me rommttoby laimmed; Meettai
of BoodAtree, is sembeol Apoi et Ms
'tot Tomo, for,
rho Minty Mormeal lis !Woe loots be.
leggin to the Lenge of this Timms.
Temorroir, Goy Neraoriog I Bent as.
uo Mesiel. Rowe mod Mier Alipemalikbikaii
Ag. P. ay. (tar bet .4001006
Jew" um.
OsAjd.olollll INMPretolariplatel,
11111011.-: •

MIL GLOVER'S EXHIEITION
PAINTINGS is NWT OPEN, 16, Old Bund•street,
opposite NsEvrd.strvei.
Adaiiivaistis is. Cosalogve 6d.

; .
inatruck,oes rite. by the Board of Eveist to their nests, " tbort tberreler .worfil hats held a difforeet opinio• ail. It
for the prosecution of dealers In breakfast powder. Ile tom- wits ditieult fur hies: to -reply to the remarks of [he line.
Oilseed of the hardship and severity se which there invilos. Gentleutsh, as is. heriarareely beta able to bear them. US
1
grimes people were sobjecied, and said that the condone of ,stioirritemet the Hersiffirstlemso to mate, stoat thews were
~ Hoard of Ettlif is. that respect cauld set be cootie/reed . criustalites at the door to prevent particular mirosas from
i'' Me protection to the revenue. The Hon. sad gallant Lgailtisig attaitisece: Jet did most soleassty dochars, that
t
r' rub*r produced a parcel, which, he said, was a salvo soli*, I sherd' idiss Wt one wilistite of truth iir the oprommtatione ea
4Moire hf dm breakfast powder. t was a paper eosiaining., hiryirrarill to site letters tat the . Hon. Gotilleettle. Us Se'
r.e medicinal compound, bad purported so cure all nor-. „eland wa IA that the +Menem( utterly lettlsie•d him,_ ~Iwth
.tempLeaorna4plartiota. He headed the paper across the table te,i , ,erilt.4ll. MI 141iiirli grmaredlese He was Mame Samoa
k int to she door. sad amid declare, that tirior was 1140
Ir.
Mr. LUSH I NGTON denied that it ,' any ressintilsnet oketheir to offer.irterroptios to any who chose IM ',prior&
to the breakfast powder, lord therefore he could nut coucuF• TIM High Cossistrie vas prevent. but then Wais-mp mt.
in the argormat which bad been 'wised upon It. . Thiele wee Is meek eenstristioral eoefiestee as "old be
'AGRICULTURAL DISTRESS. . -e. :4.llllld4dhey dill not morels iota the Hell two sad torn ;
Mr. PELHAM prevented s Peliiinte from the county* - tied .as 40 the Petitle• brine signed by no mom Ilse
Liocola prayirgsome relief to Agriculture, sod (or a Relent )1741409. Pier,. was • Peed reason fee that. 'The_theare-
ha pa,,,,5„,,,„„h. With mood to the ~,,Nd puler, n "now ir 11‘41•psi the PailflOO is s plate where ill was Ost leery
Lord would Submit • peurpailioa to the House au Ilet.litio , Msry toy come at it—in bia ' owe poelketsse(Letribtor)-a.
jeet dist Moil. Belonging its he did to one of the mow II- -rebereit 'reunified from Eve o'clock till ride et eight am fr-
kwitriiiiip him dies IS the tweetry, he was sure he would vest' -14011144 ettaiSittl*Al Peak* were tedes op sad diestamswirtes
Pen*" say Pk* latoomelle with the prefect eremite of 16 hip 64 isidlimm keowtog where to ind* fee ilivimooOlose
the ow,. Rummy. (is boom, mot it, „mosso, of lb, N..-Two Jaye mew pm mods for me ktmittoootyso 110111101.,
her .Lartro play, be amid rot pieJge kismet( to give *Ws It 'tee the teestedt!" he hive had til .11164 by OM Sigh
eopport. Sheriff on the part of as meeting, oaf it was to htextestfell
si, R. IRRRoN said, he had beta jimmied to suppers that that COllllllll had been given up. because the. Awe
the peer? ef the Pevitioe. He had the honour of beige would have bees nothiag mod 'about the want of eremite-
prevent at the meeting where! the Address was agreed to, belay. He had bea it many comely meetings, sod hod
said be cOlll4/ smut. the Horse that it cm far from what sever seen oat of more Mielligeoce and respect/dandy The
could be called • nedit.ons meeting.—.(Hear, hear. bear.}-- Hoo. Gertleman's letters end information were rertimetais
He saw no display of treasonable walking sticks, end from cod to end. He wished that the Honourable Ges-
t,* freeholders entered' the Castle-yaed in the most lima. would state the games of his authorities.; (het
constitutional eonfasiso.—(flitiers and lunch laughter,)— the House might judge of thent.—(Hear, lutacjwalie
They t.ouiptsised of the conduct of the Home of common declared that the ehargeo, he cared sot from whom they
In voting for • lavish expenditure of the politic mosey came, were entirely refounded. Ooe word more Metro he
seller supporting those men sod those measures which had sat down as to the fortieth, of the reports. Thaw, WIN
umiak the eupair, to the brink ,f ruin. ti„ the subject allogeiher finer reporters Foment. If they did eet roma
•tiiiWv., hr should reserve his opioums at present, so Ise stickle the speech of the orator (Mr. Haggles) who appeal!
AMMO. bore me opportunity of stating them in the coarse of the preeeedines at mach length, it must love bees U4ll 4
telme etwertg. rest consideration of forbears's!, towards that yuset whim
The Pamikm use ordered in be printed. —(Hear, hear, and laughter)—They bad *sly to bear she
NEWFOUNDLAND. find .rainier of his speech to be audited of Oils !Oat

.. ~ .
lauded eery ; oemerousin idler 1111Velieendmiset
toes moved by .a venerable.advettatitilliir Itofftelp.
petering for answered suffrage sod oilltinl PO N,
mow he Resod ea one to seemed it. This -.belied
tbitdielpordiee,to ask foe Reform merely b Onset
the grievahess sod abusers which entire. met not
on soy mire system Aepenthus merely H Ike ilia-
rams of their oweraainals. It obease4 a a .
to the people, if the Roost would take ': mils-
*Oct honestly awl seemed
~Met the ' trete
nkle%
reedy to adept the remedy with • 4.4
gratitode. With this, by way ofd a come
to cowider the question. What Alm the
people ? .Nestisias new--no ipoovatise de lirelikin-
stitotion. They only sought that which thetiat •
"tinniest awarded them—oonre seenrity dentllie
lutetium of 'reeking moury and Olin ode* in
tfie.C.rowe shishd be tow fee* chino or. .onnlip-
jioll . iw 07 enemies otilienso.. TIM was the Ostler
of the K41604'01,, and in it wee nothing bet What
anis admitted to be their right by the Constitution. •
The question was not, ought they to be the Re-
presentative+ of the people—but were the, en ? it
wee a simple gamma of fact. Considering that
there could he no question on the law of the eases
that the Hoene ought to represent the people.
he would not waste much of their ties* is going
through those theories which were held within the
House as to the nature of that representation. First,.
as to that newest. wildest, and worst of theta el,
that the House of Campos ought to represent not
the people only, but alga E. interests of the Crown
and of the Homieof Lords; nothingcookl be more
dangerous to the Constitution than to adroit tine
theory—that the balance of the Coinnitution was only
to be kept in that House. How were the House to
know from that if the balance were preserved unbro-
ken ? It might heroin favour of the Crown, or of the.
Home of [nds. and bet a very small minority be
left to support she rights of the people in that
HOUNN which the Coestiontion declared ought to
be. wily theirs. The plan he had to propose would
he in s measure new, but not to an atomic/ eittitit.
Where the evils complained of would be remedied
by • smaller degree of 'mentos, it woe nth and
unwise to attempt a greeter, even if the chum
of right were supposed to attach to it. He came
to the question of fact—it Does the Rouse of
Common fairly and fully represent the people of•
Great Britain ?" This question referred first to
the state of the people—then to the elite of the
House. If the state of intellect and property in the
country had anterially changed, and that •f the
House had mot sleeted correspondingly. but had
takes • different and opposite teadeney, it *rebid
he allowed him that it no leapt mold be cal-
eider*/ 'op possessing that wisdom' which it
might, to cam* and that it kaghiteri'llteistitio.
or remedy. Bat further, if he Allred, fell`_
the sets of the Rowe, that thine had bce.t
things transacted in that Howe ulna would Oat
have been had the people been reolip resented--
if he sheaved that great slid c elide had
flowed from those acts, it *meld berme their
bounden duty to alter the representation. With
respect to the public. it could not be denied that
their condition had essentially altered within the
last forty years, particularly. by the greet. increase
.IIi• the trtasilli et -the country... This nes proved
-t 1 4i"ire. hie Okithe by t!i. How. and Learned
'rrierid noril'lllir; ito . Member for • Winehebes,
flat in thelastilincyeers of the war there were rjo
-millions of motley, a sum eqnel to the whole
amount of she national debt, added to the rape"-
-
delver of the two years before the war,. The' in.
"tieued power of Government whines from the
. thetrunt of the reernue shrwed the greet wealth
end resource. of the people. That, among other
ceases, had tended to increase the importance of
the-middle classes. which perhaps was the best ie.
•eviity for the preservation of, the Constitetioli.
This •class equally remained .ftett-ftwei the allure-
twenty of ambition and the tempbstiess of 'manor
of idleness, the • mother Of all Akv;.oovuecreti by
their ceilings with the deletes bidi theme trod hetow
"them, :were lot subject' tp the elfetifirof the.ihrtillet.
Mee of the upper, or the entlity•st the Asper.
Thus connected. the middle elem. weed forts-one
'of the safest pillars to the cl/4ittetittetioo, and the
iprosperiti of the state:. Anotfer proof of altera-
tion being •in the increase of imported wealth,..-
From. 1785 to 1793. the sviargivenports were
13,000,0001. ; froth' 1792 t0.,1110.- they were
-17,000,00014 hist' year they wet* Ishsoo,ooClL-t-
-ls was probable that there was a iluiels greeter
lannekonsomption of British masyyllsoome. audit
taus ieivident that • great part of. thg itrw-yopn latios
have subsisting entirely on mantilla/son ; forming
a phenomenon in the governmetWowd the state
of the country. What effect Oa. drewusetznees
eight have had on the cosistiliegiurVhe *Gard
iiiiwirdre endeavour to show. ' Ilk :greet W-
ens., of riches, and the spreading/ of • Metros-
tion ind knowledge were facts eilite -evident:.-
they might be proved by the graft pried gyred fee
literary works of talent. One •01111 Mr was wit to
hsee made 80,0001. by his it/rains. -It wea proved
she by the vast increase of clerks.solo &Hen& nte id
itieltiielling establishments. Re had some facts to
. state which be hod learnt from an eminent book-
.seller respecting his busies's& ;hie. one Itoti6e
Mow sold bee millions of velem, yearly, eto-
pinyed sixty clerks, paid 6,500/. far advertise.
gigots,' and employed !SO bookbinders. There
was also the increase of citations( Afoul's. lii
1770 there were fir io the naotrotise now there.
were mare thee one imodrireL. 11he• cousin; •
there were altogether one thousand; sad throtigh-
out the kingdom there were 4,500 book murk
The works sold compeited all sorts of sobjeoes.:.
history, end vu3reges audessivels. and books in at
sciences which the cosine, was continually absorb-
log. There was the vast increase in She character
sad circulation of the periedioal works. Thy
Xitiehergh nod Quarterly Reviews wtee:written ,
willies ability which would liaite been applied to
..
eeiSiwal worts baste. and were is more demand
liiiib ail the paeiwilicids of thirty yews ago. There
vernal kno Amu Its periodiool works of science.

;

Alrototigaigue.
JRIO/(lf.Aptil 24; will
71-97414.Thbe C•trirdr pf
SCHOOL FOWSCANPAL.
fir Peter Trask Mr. W. Farms; Sir Olirsciewiree. Xt.
Tamen ; Mi Maajaaria Backbite. Mr. Lhasa; hireph Ser.
foe, .14r: TOINIO ; Ckaries fisrfrier. Xt. C:lCrealrla; Ctsb:
usglir..lllllorisetl. Lady Tonle, Mrs. • Dacha; Lardy
Soterverii,• airs Cataret; Mrs. Csadaer, Mrs. Gabs;
Tritrbirk mill be added, 17th lion. a stir eased Asiatic
• Mals.ehaaratie Resents, tailed
• CHERRY AND FAIR STAR;
TAE CHILDREN OF CllOlll7ll.
Merry, Mrs Tishri; Sairgissabreit, Mr Vsrsey; Topsek,
Mr. Orimaiii; Hossositisti. Shatekard ; Costier, Mr.
paper..; bloareedis, Mr. Ilsreekow. Fair Sise,• alias
Rote; brawler*, Ms Brlpasirat ; Papilla, Miss E. Dee.
sett.
Cherry sad Fair Star will be reputed ewes:, eveisiag.
' Te.aserreir, ilik,kspestes Tragedy of Julies Cesar.
lieraday, lho Tree* af Lag Lear : iior Lear (first
tier). lie. Yeisorit.
o•X•radar, die Opera of Lore ia • Filler. ,
Oa Weeesdoy, the Comedy a Abe Stoops to Cosner.
A Fig, as Wei sea isierspersed wish Music, is is re.
brans; ..d-riff speedily be produced.

Sir J. if ACKINTOSIi limier the Columba Secretly! in hie
place, wished Id oak lint a question. He had presented is the
rousse of the last Session • Petition from Newfourdleed,
complaining of the defect is the judicial system. He unitised
to knew if it was in the coutemplatioe of Government t.
propose any measure to Parliament en the subject
Mr. WI Lmor said, shot it certainly wasehe toteutiow of
Government to prop... Nome mesarsee. by way of remedy I.
the defects of,thejedkial system of that colony. The Go•
Tremor had expressed • with to retern,in tardier to cooler per-
sonally wish Government nn the subject. Ministers had
Thew/ht it expedient la delay the ma teare fur the peeper,.
of Woo/Sting it by any isformatime the Governor might have
to coniestinleste.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH %fishiest that the subject was mach
better la the hands of Government than it would be is those
of say private Member wield leave it t• them, reservist to
histmelf the right to ;rime it forward wlaeuver oeussity
amemed to him to require usterferewce.
Leard.EBßl NGTOtf presented a Pelltiew from Credible,
cemplaiebig of agrieeliural dieter's, treeisi the moan, sem-
Waal goalie°, to n oast of a due reprearelatina if the
people In the Rays. of Commoss, and prayiag for pulls.
emeesery eirforna: fits biddable °bemired Mal it was the
IwsMh Realties for wheel which be had presented this files-
eteliesirmne Psamaelaire. every ere of which hod bees mime-
r -iud respectably voted and suberribed by penes* re.
illdgrf la the county.—Laidoe she told,.
" . 11111E/11R muted farrearlegef off "TiVerts wromara by
anarereineal for Printout foe Pelatie or Government Older*
is linglawel sad Scotland; also of any Patrols granted for
sepplyter any Oricss with Paper us Mellower, la ficeithiad.
—Ordered.
Also Acrouals of all Papers or Stationery supplied to any
OMees in linked snider the Putout of Sir A. King (the is-
goitre and priers charged foe each article attached), them
the rear ISIS to Inl.—Ordered.
Mr. G. SENN EIT gave notice, that em Wedoesday,
May S. he would move fur the pdet lug of the Evidence taken
herrn the Committee appointed to inquire into the Ophtlial•
tale lostitel ion.
COUNTY • OP REDFORD PETITION.
The rillartsis of TAFISTOCIC prrseuied a Petitiena from
the Grady of Bedford, tamplaieing of the deep intents of
&idealism in that county, mad the bitted's' generally, seed
praying, es the oily luting sod effective remedy, for Puha.
natatary Reform. The petitioners stated *bat they dial ant
address the Howse with the hope of obtaining any
but only to place on record the mese which they entertained
of the emeditius ed the tapestry, and the proper means of
relief. They bad we hope that the Howse Would afford them
say, becaue they had area that these measures which bad
mainly contributed to bring the country to this condition,
had bees supported by large majorities lii that Howie.
They had heard of fewmaise fur seats bedew been defended
in the Hosea, os the emend of ustoriety in the practice—
s. aseertioss epos which the late Speaker declared that
it was enorigh to make their tors start from the grave.
The pelitlosers were convinced that so lung as Ministei•
enfold bold the lanuence ariater from the disbursement of a
large revenue they might safely AOl4 public opinion at de-
bate. They were aware that their petition must be a matter
of iedifferrote with the Neese, but they thought it due to
the earrings of their f liuw.eolusitymenonee more to ad-
dress the Roue, although they felt that idler the expe-
rience of history, it would be vein to tercet from those a ho
held it a voluntary surreedefeuf even an oneonatitetional
r•• wer He was aware that there mere @may to that /luau
opposed to Parliamentary Refeem. • The Right Hen. Gentle-
man jest come in (Mr. Canning, era we understood) intone
the rest. These Groaners. wiasetaiwed wit oily that lb.
people wear p.operly repreeented, but that the majority of
the people were opposed to any chance. If by the majority
they meant that of the power of the euestry—the aria°.
crary—the great landed proprietorse—tbe bormigh proprie.
tors, the clergy, the country gentry and magistrates—all
those who bad supported the career of Governewet and
countenanced its worst meanres, he candidly *weed
that they were. Bet if they tumult the real Comatose
of the kiegelnin, the intelligesit aad indepeodeut bulk
of Are people, who had property to lose, and were in-
strewed I. secure it—among that clue there woold
be found an almost universal want of confidence in
that H. use, and • convietioe of the absolute ity of
parliamentary reform. If doom Geoilenien had oily met the
people at one county ineeliag is any county of Ruilsed,
they would have received a leases very differest from any
that they could obtain from the preendiegs of that Honed;
they would fosse a more competent judgment of the 'pint
aad intelligence of that people whom they were used to
eueue sue control, nod WllOllll they mentioned only in terms
of disdain. From one rod to the other of She kingdom there
prevailed the same deep noose of the diffeerltiee of the
country, cad the neceisity of begioniug their care by re-
forming the Douse of Commons.
Mr. M'QUEEN spoke iii a very low tome of voice. He
was ooderstood to say that he had letters its his pocket from
Gentlemen of the county, ie which it was stated that Con-
stables were placed at the doss to rawest the access of per-
uses holding °pianism hostile to the purpose of the meeting—
that he believed the people of Bedford, like those of all
Euglaud besides, were convinced 1641 the burden eta:alien
was the price they weer to pay for redemption from &twigs
slavery—that the Reporter who was peewee, had with extra-
oldisary nudism? end Weems dismissed the *sly speech
opposed to the object of the menthe; ie fear tiau--ead she,
though be was ready to admit the great distress.( the meet,
of Bedford, he did not thud, woe did he believe the maks.
rity of the crusty thought that the -pram of the Petit*,
eruald teed to relieve It.
Mr. P. PALMER east, fist he was este Oshawa per•oot
es Saturday WA at the imooliog. Mad the Mon, Gooalossco

N9eellettem4. Coy you know soy Mew elbow reaser
dust—l think it v. ty chiawviral—Do pew? Ca* you Nil
moo soy this( shoat it, or why we sit wet here to day N../
reses."—( eeittev.)-11e thostebt obis atesartry to she. by
Obegootog now had so we, good reason to essasplalo of the
g* Wits of else Fr 0....
hut was again iesodible.
The Illaroris of TAVISTOCK said, it was the trot the
be had hiordrof the pawner or iiillaeare of asimanbles at ibg
meeting—(Hear, hear.)
The Pt-them was ordered to be prieltd.
Ile. CONE presented a Petition from a NSA In gas
galls, cowpiaiaire of Apieoliaral Distends, sad Aar
Nei n or • t sad Psrloareentery Refers, sod
snstvietion, that if the dialers@ wee* sot relieved, it ilawla
• Wasp oho ruin of every oreiieier of land is the ewes 7.
The Position was ordered to be pistil..
PARLIAMENTARY REFORM.
Lord J. ituorlLL rose in eell the attention of
the Houle to the subject of Parliamesoary Reform.
Hir. intention was to move a resolution, that the
state of the represenestion of the people in that
House required their most serious consideration. If
he were fortunate enough to &Sao the csectir.
rence of the House to that motion, he wield after.
wards loess lit less to bong is • Bunter dm.
swore effectual rep/ensnares* of the people tM
the Commits House or Parlierseet. In bring-
ing the question before the House, he was not
entirely free from anxiety—au stalely not founded
es soy fear of not being able to bring the subject
aoreard in a proper snenner--nor had he any dread
that the import/race of the subject in regsrd to the
interests of ati extensive empire would out be sun.
neatly felt —oar was he afraid that the measure which
he proposed, which. if earned, would be deviled by
.asoo party the ruin. hint as 'he Witt othefsi lhosti
.the salvation of the•countrie-wss ndt inch is e
...inipamand attention. He felt es alarm *4 tit! Wort
postairce of the question should be either'• ilia
perfectly felt or understood ; bat he did: 44
_alarm lest the weakness of the &dedicate sfridslit
have any effect in lessening the interest, or Peso
venting the success of the 'diretessioe: It welt*
great relief to •him that in making out the arra,
/sent for this•queetion, he had scarcely more to de
than to repeat what had often been (aged by men,
of the greatest obil.tv, who advocated Marinating,
tory Reform as thsror;ty means of renovation for the
country. Ott the other hind, if he might ells&
personally to himself, he- felt a little encouragednk
the thought of having served an 'immesh cestiip to the;
cause. and of having had the subject for a eonsi- •
&rob!e time under his observation, in all its various!
branches. He was not bringing forward the proposi-
tion precipitately. Three years ago he had brought
A ratan part of the goention of Reform beforerthe
House, though he hail never intended that. it
should•be armored that small alterution• ha* eft i;
that he wished to see introduced. In that hareorie
he had rather consulted the views of others tub
his own. He thought that many reboots had adieu
subsequently from public events to induci this
House to agree to • proposition fee *motets...licit
species of Reform. Another censiderstion *hie%
gasehim corifidesice was the-filo.* of the time.. The
question had been so often met by the objection* of
its being ill-timed, in regard either to distufbaneei
and hostilities with foreign conntiies, or tumults at
home, that he felt it to be a considerable advainage
to it to be aisle to say -that the expected cnatino-
ance of the peace mud- the internal trenquilliiy ten-
dered the period very favourable to the considers.
lion of it. He isight draw 'another argument in
favour of it from the circumstance that the peti-
tions for Reform had been coming in front that
conuaruceeneut of the Session. 'hewing the *elf
sense of importance the people attached toll*"
plestion, and the expectotions entertained t*
their wishes would certainly in some measure •lile
complied with. Petitions had come in from county
meetings in Devonshire, Middlesex, Norfolk, Suf.
role. Cornwall, Huntingdon, Bedford, Cambridge.
Surrey, besides all those that had been forwarded
from town and corporation meetings. The peti-
, tiona likewise in favour of Mr. Hunt, signed by
vast numbers of persons. all went to prove the
xenerui teal -for Reform, and to Slew that they
retained the opiuions winch they held for yeas
unshaken—their wishes unchanged. While this
anxiety of the people encouraged him, to ask
the House for Reform, he was not km 'envie-
raged -by observing that, the people theriselves
asked • for Reform on no entitling plea ee'parti-
calor oysters. The Petisiores shah were seat in
some years ego, ell prayed fee ssivereet oaf-
Imp ; bet at a lan Mildness terientig, 0.

SADUIR'S IT EL Llt,
Vase MiDkeelims of Mr Rte. Isss (or the Tlsoder &MI.
Cavitat-Garilem).
TheleMle swe isessl remstesfully laureled shut Ibis Theotra
W; Mew esesiderelly altered, 'phased. mid improved,
eimpkiely reembeilushimi sea wwwlrdecisestml wish •
OP. awl splewell• Drip Gristle, mid spleens ef
sew Scenes.
lIPHIS EVENING. FRIDAY, A!)fil 96,
K mod TO. U* SATVR DAY. swill preueekti
• seri prdrii eepiesuims, mid operatic Extrmagarsea (is
threw ism) Oriole% frisk lark, own passer, culled
• - TOM AND JERRY,
- isle shape fewelsourly for 'lsis Thews') by Pew* E,*
• Chriadiuk. Taft.. Mr. Milo k Jerry • Sestibeets, Mr.
ilS011.& Ike Loki ibbe •.M• _arawrimbil•v. Mw
Coeiethiee Rale. Miss Jobessiesse ; See. Mew. G.
*toast; Miry &seabed, Mies R. Ademlis ; Ho.. Miss
Tribe, Mies Brady ; Mee. Mime B. Trifle, Miss Wstdron.
Lit I. Life is the Coestry.—Aet 11. Life i• Leedom.—
Ara HI. itsenbles slid sprees, or ilies Maxis exposed of
pat Sp-spa, awake, lean. dews, sod briug huisterd!!!

_ .
After which, PONT RACES.
To esoetude with a new Cootie Pantomime, called
HARLEQUIN'S ANCESTORS;
Or, Mother avow, Mother Rooth, and Mother Goose.
Mather Shipton, Mr. G. Remand; Mother Rooth, Mr. Heo-
aM Mother Caw, Mr. Webber; Harlequin, Mr. W. Kirby;
Sittotroto /Aerosols Churn\ Mr Hartland; Lynx (Ow.
stario. Paotoloso), Mr. Doty; Moserkor (artenotards Lover),
Mr. Strirkload. Mattiooted Swan (afterwards Colasabiso),
Min Adcock; Aatispratint Lady, Mot Jerrold
Sexeo, 4.—Pit, to.--Gallery, 1..
Doors to he opined at Hnitpaot lime, and bogie at Holt.
past S I.' and the Perfortoactees aro so &nagged as to con-
sist* by Merest o'Cloek.

01./TI NI AN LOW TOR ES.
'THE Friends of these vitinnal Meetings
AL awl their Acquaintsore are respectfully informed,
that a LECTURE on the MARRIED STATE will be de-
livered at Mr Penn's (ilie Portico). 10, New-street, Sprier
aeries% TO.MORROW (SATURDAY), April 67, at Tbrre
o'ClseA, by Mr. RICHARDSON.
Tickets, 2.. 601. may be bed of Messrs. Flatchard and Sow.
1117, Piccadilly; sad of Mr. Jobs Miller, 09, Flees-street.

THE PATENT SEIDLI 12 POWDERS,
111,, mitre used as directed, form • Sallee Aperient sod
Alterative, as operable as Soda Water. This Meditiae har-
lot island a high reputation is most parts of the World,
monmy impriswipled permits have been iodated to sell spun-
celleald niefieseiors Seidlits Powder., with pirated label.
end Anytime of " SAVORY. MOOR E. slid DAVIDSON"
to the Royal Family, 136, New Road-menet, lAil-
dia); the Inventors sad Petatilern, who think it naconaarr
sta *lmo the Pantie that the Medicine cannot be germine
whims their asses are primed am weary Rue, and «waved
va every Bottle put motor Exportation.

DOE3EI'4II I R E.
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
BY MR. WAKEFIELD,
At Gamines Cairt-ladiew, 'Grow alley, Grabill, se
MONDAY, May 6, 01411,
riPHE MANOR or HALSTOCK, six nib%
A. —Kora Braasioster sad Yweil, rirteedias WOW 5.198
acyni of Nod; with suadry rateable FARMS, In
is resoon‘ible Tetsuo., coirsialing of Ouse Thmisauml Aim
Hundred soh Teraty.ai•• Aerie, of the 'WIN et Qes
Titoossad Moan& s year.
Pertkulars may Le bed of Me. Wakefield, Loud Sionroyer.
:1/9•341, Pali-aiall; of Merino. Goodeve sad Releases, No. 4.
Hoilwirs.touri, Gray's-las 1 of Messrs. Lemma, Solicitwa,
/3'610; of Mr. Fos, Solicitor, arsiasiaatar ; of the Editor if
the Nor barer Jimraal, Sterlaresit; sod at G scrawny' Coffee-
holier, Titmice

NORFOLK ESTATE.
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
By Mr. WAKEFIELD.
AI Garravaea Car. Homy, 'Quart AHey, Cora ill, ea
MONDAY, Sib May Neat,
THE Womble MANORS. or reputed Manors.
LYNDFORD, EAST HALL, ia Misadfartl. sad
Cranyrith, ad adifainsng Estate, of Fear Thousand Thee
111"dred sad Twenty hes Acres of Load, with the dials.
senthed Slsesitte tilled LYNDFORD HALL, she Rod-
dpit.sa of the Riled Hon. the Earl of Shannon. riabty four
osit+ frau imudou, five from Brandon, and nine fres
sayMmy.

Prrtoeoltrs may be boil of Ile. Wsbefog* 141611 horveyor,
Nr.ll, Pa1Loo•11, Loohmo; of MOM Larson sod illetoolle,
461,, alluttao Nr. 5. Nooralloorr, Uneoleb. Iwo ; Moamar,
goalasiaro Bei M. lideosoas• 6 of No tiosooll
". LAW iirrepor, WNW* ; of M. Mohair.* 61114.
of Illrearr. Cloak Choliamaloi;
at 100, Neoriaorbei ; sod o. ilareasray's.

...-

~ ,

I -

.., .4ii. _
