which human ingenuity ran devise, the experiment of a safe and
peaceable emancipation may fail ; and failing, it will show that no
atonement whatever can be made for the crime which the whole
nation has committed, of rendering slavery a part and pseud of the
law of the land.
I believe I stated, at the very first meeting which I attended, my
conv;ction that the society was beginning at the wrong end. I
stated that the first effirt should be to put down the slave trade,
now carried on by France, Spain, and Portugal ; lieesuse it was a
waste of time to set about emancipating 800,000 slaves, in compa-
ratively comfortable circumstances, while 70.00 or NAN w?..ro
earned every year from the coast of Africa to the Foreign Colonies.
I think that the total destruction of that trade might easily be se.
complished by the concurrence of any two great maritime powers,
such as England and America; and if the voice of the nation had
demanded such an interference on the part of our own Government,
that interference could not have failed of success. I think, too, It
may he proved, that even the quiet emancipation of our own slaves
would Inevitably tend to increase the number carried into captivity
to Foreign Colonies ; and, if I am right, what becomes of your
philanthropy ? I ground this opinion, on the belief that the slaves
are well fed and full worked ; and that en emancipated slave would
perform very little work ; consequently we, or Europe, or both,
would have to draw increased supplies of sugar and coffee from the
Slave Colonies of other nations.
It is one of the laws of nature that the fertility of the soil, and
the nature of the climate, determine the quantity of labour 'sues.
sary to preserve existence. In the tropics, where the fruits of the
earth spring almost spontaneously, man ii scarcely called upon for
labour; and hence, to the inhabitant of colder regions, his life
seems to pass in sloth and idleness. The reverse of this holds in
the colder lautudesewhere a man is compelled to industry and in.
cessant toil. It is notorious that the native Indians, to whom the
slaves hay • succeeded, led a life of indolence, and that the eman.
ciliated slaves of St. Domingo produce comparativelz nothing;
that Island, which grew sr much sugar as all the other islands put
together, at the time of the revolt, now produces little more than
it consumes ; and the export of coffee has declined more than one.
half. Will any man believe that 800,000 Blacks, Indolent by na-
ture, as they confessedly are, would, by the meat tone of emanci-
pation, volt.ntatily produce sugar and coffee to feed more than
twenty millions of Whites ? The law of nature Contradicts It,
experience Is against it, and' erimnion sense rejects it, es one of
those propositions which carries absurdity on its freed
It is, I repeat, notorious that the Blacks in all conturiee pew
sera an invincible repugnance to labour, and that immediate nor
cushy only excites them. What reason is there then to expect
Am. under soy circumstances, they would ever beitencsoll.
ciently industrious when emancipated, to give us one present sop.
ply of Colonial produce ? It is the matter of complaint amongst
the Abolitionists that they are now over-worked • but then they
assert that, if they were free labourers, they would do more work
In less time—and what they now do by coercion, they would then
do voluntarily. Is it possible to conceive a motive' for each e'en
tions ? Ina soil and climate which will produce the fruits Other
earth, necessary to existence, with the least possible tabour, red:
almost spontaneously, what motive can a man have to maks souk
us:tikes P Our notions of convenience and comforts ouch people
cannot comprehenti,—" the idea of pleasure which must be pur-
chased by toil, presents a contradiction in terms." You may make
them free labourers, but you canntit make them work. If I out-
right in believing they would not work, we mutt that obtain our
sugar and coffee from other sources • and thetwbith the East In.
dies could not supply we must get am Cuba, Aso to Brazils ; and
the Continent of Europe would require the dAesency to be sup.
plied, which the Celkilkbefl of the export of' out putout surplus and'
the abstraction of Ear India imports, woulecrudo. Thus a new
and very extensive demand for the 'produce of skive labour would
be established, and more slates would consequently be canted into
captivity. I ask, again, what becomes of your plulanthropy, and
If you did not begin at the wrong end ? .
'This argument, strong as I believe it to Wiwi its bAt
derives additionsd • importance from its basilic on •
which the Society teals its peoconangs wide anobbied
The pamphlet published lay Mr. Adams ifellgillas .0944 V
nuts of fru cqr4ed whit elate labour, bas servoil to.
no ordinary a large portion of the pdblie in OW
Lions' on Westlndia Stud" but. if I arn tapiblV eerd)triNg
heeding-Ws sta4%tent, it amounts to no side, than Ild•Uthlle
pod machine.is better dim a bad ot mil dui when; *Ay
he braes* Into fair eonmention, the _
No person, can doubt but
tlt.t i 1 hen
who will wOrk, 41
will do
ertip "
work

The may
tato say ti
a«.t bit
prier
trot

sanstivi
ran* thei

rice' -iron,- - jiaiji, ~
781 m it ninitya.-.
et
onersibetintlormmistab.
this tab' leas ball' alibl mg
at; ▪ shaft le wiz= kat; and torgoesitink __
IhDAlfilnallillinorela "-W
I". ItarlatiesLe' bill'iluttd
oily to the pfaifteeiti Jed( t tin
•- t
seftled between skit twhimillea;--griet
beheve yea will hate a 'OM pithy lob sitads.. wad
Otivernmest derandned to mainam alma
in thermostat degas, *of* .ilfal
11 have no doubt but that "4' _ is
some risk to obtain their on oct i 1011),
pakten of the planters tit
their lime -1 but the Oeventasse3loll.watili- -it . "...ll-
hiasillib anvil all times ; a 'lit eatideala theellaantimer
rothep.„.
hairineds...l to, h,,,,..,011
.41,„.
Asz=oibiiit, hid* o the .r.i-1a:26
knew theyvire unprintable ? This ire
:61===..; re;
it:ilitiotalrwirouratastiere ehreablif
A variety of other °maid/ratios MBank . • and aces.
wince me that I have by no moms done In "ken I
have ventured to &cum ; boi if what I Masan! ' heti the,
effect of awakening yOu to ig Illesactir reLdt te . fifty. II
j=el
do hope and trust, that yeti ON • 'vim, 'yew
rurnberrfrom the I mks a( dew whose vim me Mani mogaiin
than your own. Thu Pleb IKV hml'ing "al mighty l'
mods of life and y, should moved by so smell •. hi
hare always t to be a moot pasuniptuout
entreat you not to go to Parliament with your iteit
„iv**
but to wait till more light is *rani ayes' the . l=
better to delay doing grad. than bt precipitancy darddles
of daisy mischief. It will be saw- with dim . tisetirdbat
you have obtained, to lean the gradual
great object to posterity; if it succeed, yours be the Illie
Lion of having begun it.
I know that yowv ardour la the cause of early emandpillifflsio
been somewhat mitigated I still your preparstive• great lab mien
a same to permit me to remain a party to them. Totsyniase Imo
you, I can assure you, has given me much . pains but the very
high promnal regard whit* I.Blva bog *entailed. for *NO ef
the members of the Sudety and the deference 1 reef fbi die& Ikon
and character, have net been alb I. seduce my understanding. use
to make me inattentive to Ito dictates. With the greatest admire-
don of your motives, and the sincere and ardent wish that your
proceedings may not aggravate the evils which you wish to sup-
peer, I reluctantly take my leave,
Liverpool, Jan. 10, IM JOS. SANDARS.

THR LATE Ma. MARRYATT.—AIthough it is a private)
matter, and concerns the family alone, yet, as mast errone-
ous accounts respecting the property left by Mr. Marc ant,
and its distribution, have gone forth to the public, we think
the following will be found nearly correct:—Hu widow
has the house and furniture at Vi imbledon, and 4,0001.
a-year ; each of his seven sons has 31,0001.; each of
his three daughters has 12,0001. The business of Marry-'
'att and Son, which we believe to be u good a West India
Agency, as any in London, of its extent, is left to be
conducted by his let and 3d sons. His property, therefore,
will be 360,0001., exclusive of the house and land belong-
ing to it, a princely fortune, all made as a British mer-
chant.

Before Mr. Bell had finally retired from the Court of
Chancery, he waited on the Lord Chancellor to acquaint
him of his intention. The Learned Lord. justly estimating
the distinguished legal abilities of Mr. Bea, remonstrated
with him on the itnpolicy of putting his intentions iuto im-
mediate execution. "My rd,' said Mr. Bell, "I am
growing old." "I am your senior by seine years," 1
re-
plied Lord Eldon. "My Lord, 1 feel myself growing I
weak." "I am much weaker, Mr. Bell," said the Chan-
cellor. " I hare a swimming in my head "—" and so have
I," retorted his Lordship. "My Lord," said Mr. Bell,
" I have made money cnough.' —The Chancellor was
silent !

Richard Payne Knight, Esti. has lately bought a very
fine collection of Claude Lorraine s drawings, for the sum
of 1 cool. They were imported into this country by a fo-
reign

tor nprEktiatives.

COURT OF CHANCERY, Tiroaspav, JAL IL

CORSE l'• DARIUS.
The LORD 0/lAI/CELLOS had inted this day lee
la this cause. lie continued in the declaration whittle heilaing
imely made, that this rase would be but disposed ideal if Court.
Ile would give.the parties a week bather MS consider the ease,
end if a compromise by that time was nee imstesed Into between
'them on a mention of the ease to him thus, he would give judg.
Meat upon it. At present he would canine himself to &few ob.
serrations on the case as it stood. The hill awl was calling upon
the Court to compel the specific perfoimeses of artah: snider ea.
wed into in the year 1812 ; and the motion he the muse now stand.
bag for judgment was, preying to haves meager and receiver of
the theatre appointed, that the profits mht be applied according
te the terms of that deed of 1812. Of all the persons that could be
t of to manages theatre, undoubtedly the Chmeellorof
thought of to manages theatre, undoubtedly the Chme" of
England must be considered the most uoltl and he Ohs lamed
J ge) could only say, that in his own he felt perfectly esti&
fled, that the deed set up in defence, d 11373, as being a deed
to which Mr. Coast had acceded, though not by contract yet
.by
conduct, with respect to new arrangements among
ems.the
could not stand. When the discussion of the motion weea
proposition had been made by Mr. Const to take a rent for hie pee.
portion at the same rate at which Mr. Harris's bad been rented,
and which was then refused; but if they knew, as well as the per-
son then addressing them, the ruinous consequences that would
most certainly be the result of the interference of this Court to all
parties, they would not hesitate to re-consider that refusal. In a
word, he could assure them that, if they compelled him to make
An order, in lees than foor.and.twenty hours afterwards, they would
cwt sincerely lament it—end that, unless they did ends it between
themselves before this day week, if he lived he would make a de-
cree: The parties were not to bedeceived with the notion that be.
mieseo decree must necessarily be mischievous, that thereto,,the
Court would notmake one; the Court had no right to say or to
think, that any decree the law of the lend called foe would be enie-
eblevoest still it might more readily occur to the Court, than to
parties that in some cases, and particularly in this one the conse-
quence would be in mike respects moat mischievous; sod there-
fore hie Lordship earnestly recommended a settlement between the
parties oat of Court.
Mr. JA mu thought that Mr. Harris ought to have been made •
party on the mead to this motion; be was willing to come in, and
wished to have that oppostuehy, for he was quite able to make af6-1
davit to prove Bk. Abu's sovdosossos so the deed of 182 h.
His LORDSHIP IllblerVOL tot he certainly was most unwilling
to ands the Maps of a theatre; bat if he was in mistime es shin
day week, he would decide upon the nate of the word as it new
stood, e the bast of his judgment, if matters am not settled bslsss
that time.
GOCIILAT sA DUES 0; 11011111.2/.
• The defendant obtained time to look at the Judge's notes of t e 1
past aide, and also at the plans, with a view to file affidavits in
answer to the affidavits that had been ffied.
xx OIIMSTSAD 11T II litowsan LtD OHM&
Mi. Po r.toct appeared so fifth counsel on the side of Grim-
Mead, in moment the pets ion in this dame, wadi bassow oc-
cupied the Court far three days. Little remJnethe bide NA%
dm the very simple discueshin of hielearned friends teleopmeedel
him. The greet experience of his Lordship at NM him mode
him rejoice that the present discussion came before this Croat. If
the. -ma be again' not to a court of justice, be hoped fdr. Odor.
stead might not be sent there without an acatrate direction as to
the hisoito be etled.. The pert of the ease which wen
cantabiles letters/tont Gibbs lo ffideseteed, wasthatt:6=l;
would next call his attention. Them bites verily/Iton after the
period.of any Alleged useless eoettrset. The date of the But let-
ter Otte the 24th of November, 1$1& It mite this saki:—
"My dear Sir,—lf you will be se good as to call ea maser-
re*, shohld he glad fo see 'you' as I cos make • disposition of
the money. I than be at home atlear o'clock.
" Yours, Ms
." fitnim."l
,There were several letters to the same ale* whisk &mad disi
flibbe shrift beta theinabey_fer dot p!"prse ciloPi aiy
*of of mtv•upoir , 'aetumigi 01 umtid Masi

I b;katiftvet I any he simmld.- ----
whanabiTh
cote of a gostleman-Oboi mar lididAreienmy;i=eef
Elisei Bunch. The pokey mil ettekpes*e• 41111
eafirsalwas, dim ite iodate eilmged pekeirwhich
WOW: millibe had, foe cern fessithed by esolevem 1 rememime the
Attemepalloilled, Mr. Wallace, llamas fialheimatim fa the Cams
ag foe the potpies ef empiling fieerleimism, .her
his to the strarebageen Mit public. The trial
is die JUNO ticeopied link et tem hems. The trial on the
diemplity side edit Huisequer—Ll was, with Mr.
iiiimeaM, engaged ea aura fir' the defendant)— oocupied from
abase a fortnight se three weeks. His diameter was there domed
of the charge, and I remember to ham heard no l••• a person than
the Chief Nave Ereis- whs. presided., poldiely declaring, at the
sad of that Mmetigaisemj. that this gentlemen was a most merito-
rious public seemestAiid I remember 'further, the very first act of
this Judge, oho raised to the office of Chief Commissioner,
*iv oak the rat pardon of this gentleman, after he
hdd mitered the poniekeesom"
Mr. Poe Loeil *oohed hid lip fee the indulgent teatime
with which Istsbadlised •Im whim& he could not make a bet-
ter return than by am teethe* en his Lordship's alien.
Lion, after the very ample illeimeden which had been given to the
met by his learned friends who preceded-Mei.

Mr. Montague followed the Solldtor-Oeneral, Mr. Hart, Mr.
Heald, and Mr. Pollock. His address was principally a repetition
of the same course of remark and reasoning adopted by the precol-
izacgimtlesnen and of the arguments' which the learned gentleman
upon before, as reported in the British Press of yesterday.
In addition to the arguments urged by the learned gentleman yes-
terday, he went over the whole case in detail, and read a mass of
dscumentarf evidence. In commenting on the proceedings before
the Vice-Chancellor, he said that the whole of the evidence was not
beard before his Honour made his decision.
Mr. TaxsaLove, who appeared on the opposite side, observed
that this remark was not correct.
Mr. llicorraouz said, that if it were the intention of Mr. Tray.
love to sakireas the Court, ha should for the present sit down. As
as advocate be claimed the right of being heard without Inter-
r. TaiseLovd said, tlrt the erMence which Mr. Montague
now stated not to have beet before the Vice-Chancellor, was, at'
the request of Mr. Montague, read by his Honour. He said this
to counteract the insinuation to the public that the Vice-Chancellor
decided without evidence.
Mr. Mosyrsoux said, that what be complained of was, that
counsel were not permitted to comment on the evidence. In
.fact, counsel woe not heard for Grimatcad, and he therefore felt
himself at liberty to say so. As to Insinuation to the public,
he was not addressing the public; for the public he cared not a
farthing : he despised the opinion of a babbling world, whose cen.
sure and whose praise were indiscriminately awarded. lie had en-
deavoured to infuse a corresponding feeling in the mind of his late
lamented friend, Sir Samuel Roundly, in oiler to induce him to dis-
engage himself from pursuits foreign to his profession. He al-
luded to the election business at Hristol. That excellent person
asked hint what the anticnts thought in this respect. He (Mr.
111.) replied, by reference to the espreasion of an ancient, Ybocion,
who said, " What have I done smog r This was his feeling too;
and since he was capable of judging. he had always acted on it.
He wished, certainly, to gain the good opinion and esteem of the
profession in which he was engaged, anti of those who surrounded
his fire-side • but for the public he cared not. The Learned (ten-
tlevion proceeded: to read at great length, on the evidence given at
the several examinations before the Commissinners, and also the
evidence given at the trial, and comment upon than.
The LORD CHAXCELLOC (Mr. Montague not having con-
cluded his address) said that he would resume the hearing of fur.
titer argument on Saturday. However inconvenient may be the
length of time it would occupy, he thought it better to hear it to an
end, as great difficulties would arise from the postponement of it,
by losing Lite thread of the arguments which had been offered upon
it. In saying this, he did not mean to complain of the time taken
op by Counsel in the discussion of it, as he was anxious it should
receive In this Court the tidiest and moat patient investigation.

VICE4IIANCELLORS COURT, nuns'AY, JAx. 22.

Ex-vAarz JULIUS JOHANNIG.

Mr. flirt,. applied to the Court on the part of the petitioner,
acting as the per oral reiwesentatire of a person named Domer, for
the purpose of tieing a bill, the amount of which was paid before
the death of the attorney. The learned Gentleman quoted many
cases in which a similar course was pursucd. It was tlic uniform
practice of the Court tif King's Llench ; and the t'oninion Picas,

pod ;ulnae." bitter thous . bad eme ; ma dm( :tilooll .66 .1...1......iirrnir .miiiiiadin- ..zre ir .•••••• —07,i;',..7,;4:
be brawl" into fair estapetisiolb ON deed,
_AM- itlibit Lulea Me iplakirbkhoMie Imo muter- twdesioke is
No perm, ma doubt hose 4 wee. meilLrh? 4" 4:4, , ,Irlci, chle yews semi( mit IN trahhold • ROM An Air/. Th• calei•
EI l'h° IL lin:jell, dq. 31"witer.. i t . u.., • .sioitivi lit r. lialmelghd wilesig Am thetdd Ilmobwa made ones
Ike
ho" 'do MO a 160_,
..* • -14, .ihe'dgehr6 MOM"' ft WOW We rest ss mom samie, ems.
whip's but tuot ii WM Mot WOW" mwtlW dm; se deadit.4 - wawa wethrilly.shie-'twati_,- It 'this
work ass sorindismieb6 matbegibit Wile 6661 Whallureelled dukt eth -
diftslobwassisttErig „ : r tete -
sl4.vet i• ~ .
~...1 .4.,,c1, . • ~ ....• an saefetrefirirrancfte mothClieggelddheatillidialda erselselgtithelL
Ile aoMor. tricta7Ackl.4esi..l.lr . •+ '., . . ..iu
system:like that- ..t • Itediatiry woo- Oat *Oa Midi "Lb lamed
MOlite eadeavoured to infer ussay_s_.the grist Seim-
W:ribld " alha
tbe
.ou • .sill eift.'4. •of ie *l. ilt TherSripkei' hart mba. eh*
cam -le ha, erComesir Woe Wim pada* •" IS bitd, sin,asalib77,:tblerblyil ,„,„..
bee beam If ho ashe" t hied, ii- obill . thhh thi mem in • +of-mosey, odd WU* ea dig pm ot No
tirtjA
, OOP, lb" Pwe hi SheePat_.____
_. 511,161_, I.tik, ' rimmeed, yore oemsemded te bs Menet modest
_Mi. iiiilridsk
Doc gm In ' MT ii,Pla/ ". .
lacTilfrdiaurna b, reiteeveteeitato Gibbliii: lad -416-1[6111•6111.
• • ac tidiee, bhasof • la. . . aiIIisPiCOMMIMM eaglieence io (Abbe Mist • them is.
tirsZtargiii • of labearther lob ante‘ Mb
eirslms,'Mweiors, ado ilechtWho 4 ,r+i, sit _ly vindicated the It
is of ito Millet Ad ea 111. t.: " • hi 'Gibbs. He sea eo dm gnat dim
thecAerkil___ bilaicheall"ttrcancine, -"" n-, 's ,L , ‘...?"1 .. • ho ilkiy were eisoF WM 66- em Wash.
.•"1•• , bile .„`• "A," . • . • ..• • t l'+•.ii, • ore /i,.• ; .• too , Mee yet my ill
the:Lel:6
St= • ."' •""' - • -• iv . n... Mild he •• - . ..• . y • •Mseli‘s Spellithill .fie
era - W raked to the Bask ISM - • • • - the resift: r this an sod Mem
whitest *Wiles of apiaiiisable Bost Mi • le .. • ,J. . . 0..'. " • 00 •.' . too .be 6r imam
Tattoo MY ken le.arhich Mete I. "Ti • '''. ;adz •41.-4., . 1 Comer Clmas
my Mae use hoe thß4 - lii.
~ . z•
troll clitt
' • :Sp ' doei I bas Ido •bes finonny dim tr z . . I;iii
%1.-% -1,-........ *As 7 4r. Aim ewe
minor was promoted _kr the • • ad •
.. ••••.• lallniesi Was Movie mehdle.t. 1
true Mt Stiel sari (WM 111 1D roe Litr;
heeeltkee), that lhf lot th '• 0 4..' •••% ' . •••.• . ' ..•'.. Airt96l.Tl4:Z.seasealielliseAD
Pm" windy Pc' 4434 11, ihitOfteliel; "4 I' - t • • • ... in'tlU_ _ la , the howahlorso
ic amm t little ,Il Eff, eyst.p: 7% •. i! •'k. : du Mr. thigiend. M.M..
• way 41 'pd. 11511 it sum
:s&
P . . , '..•.• ThilblE2tallett LOS greed with the Leagued Comma
ilea. wkie% tah et Bee
ref ' ' o • ' - that *Mit • happewbot (led • ‘WM we
treausaut 0 iii. set; 'it
_ittel• die die •
.- abed/ 1,--r-7.11. dm trial by J . tee that .I. dil lilt miw medeiced. was losomosialderidiiW MR .L.
._,_ 4s arc p., hmmi, ibis kdse sae! es•es W. Yoalee c•mosiMittel3 , 411‘ hw ,_ the pgmem, egleme•l•A osistiederithis eßy mei.
!nee a Iirwas in ‘1"91- __.,11g.-Paier.• I=l2 lootien. Omsk k sot be It the modioedise et' "my wile hear
78i to I it rose to I. • •
:re, elm., . "VI" mei •ieMs • ' • which. Mae me Medd end ma.
at eacenemeni for oheyyme Wilegassif_the Me * oc4l Mole tious as i far
wbid, ~i„ lan Aiwa, b,,, id,,,b Diuti„
this We has beit 'rum intAteara . ',ley: sue* mslid Maar ITo not-itimilik b„,,,-iii ins, b, 018,,,,,d. I remember the
Ma*: *hi" talrk# 111 • i 6'4 411.4.-sWiPitE °aqua", ore of a matlemasmbe. me teisd-desmriort Is tie Gem rot
._ . _
