I

:From " Acernesnes Rope/gory of Ads, Fashions," ♦e•]

WA 1.11 NO DRESS.

A !Op,' dress composed of bright grey bombasia: the
t is trimmed at the bottom with velvet heads to corr.:-
slamd in colour; they are bliss; are scolloped at one edge.
nod plain at the oilier : there are four of these bands, placed
at a little distance from each other; the bottom one is ra-
ther more than half a quarter in breadth; tie others are
each something narrower. The body is tight to the shape:
'belong sleeve is rather straight, and falls a good deal over
the hand ; it is finished by three bands of velvet to corer-
speed with those on the Air% bat arch narrower : full
epaulette, intersected with beads, which form it into bias
peas: small standing collar, composed of velvet. The
pelisse worn with this dress is composed of velours sirsole,
lined with same', and wadded; ihe colour, Egyptian brow', :
the skirt is rather wide; it is baislsed at the bottom by a
broad band of velvet to correspond, above which is plated a
trimming of the more material as the pelisse: it consists
of two thick rolls, one of which is wreathed in a serpentine
direction round the other, and bulb are ornamented with
narrow folds of ratio and Bros de Naples mixed, which are
fancifully twisted rossad them. The fronts are fastened up
by fell bows and cads. The waist is of a moderate length ;
and the hotly, which is plait', is almost concealed by a large
Prlcrine trimmed with velvet to correspond. The sleeve is
of moderate width; it is finished at the hand with velvet.
High standing collar,fastened iu frost by • fell bow. Head-
Itterl, a bonnet to eorrespend in colour with the pelisse it
is a mixture of velvet aid gripe de Naples; the down low,
and somewhat of a melon shape, is covered with scollops of
vac ,Vopre., edged with velvet, which stand np round
it, and form +I cluster on the summit. The front is very
deep; it ,minded at the corner., and finished at the orol•ze
lot 3 tint of 11135 velvet; 3 bias 1111011 of win, laid on in
folds, is attached to the edge of the velvet, which is next
the crown; and omits hoes, fastened with a knot in the mid-
dle, are placed at regular distances. A full bouquet of roses
:nosed with fancy flowers, ornaments one side of the crown,
and Egyptian brown strings tie it under the chin. Half-
hoots to correspond with the pelisse. limerick gloves,

iteni of the Board of Trade, the Muter of the Mont, the
Lord Chamberhtio, the laud Chief Justice of the Court of
Kitt es Beech, the Treasurer of the Humehottl, the Re.
corder of fainJort, the Captain of the Yeomen Guartl.
Sir EnwAnD KNATcHtIUt.t. was introduced to
his MAJESTY by Lord Viscount SIDMoUTH. whoa
Sir EDWARD delivered to the KIRo the Order of the
nob, worn by the late Sir JOSEPH BANKS.
Hts NIAJESTY held • Privy Cumuli. at which
Mr. BULLER attended :ts Clerk. At the close of
the Counril the Recorder of London was admitted
into his Niamey's presence, and made his report
of the convicts capitally convicted at Justice
the Old Bailey, ut the last September Ser-
mons.
I !is MAJESTY enve audiences to the LORD
CHANCET.I.OR and Viscount SIIIMovTiI.
Lord AMHERST and General FINCH were the
Lord and Groom in Wailing.
The Court broke up about halfepist six o'clock.

A requisition it new signing to the Churchwardens
of the extenoive end populous parirli of St. George,
I lanover-squsre, in the liberty of Westminster, to
cell n meeting of the !Ointments for the purpose
of conga atnlating her MAJESTY on the defeat of Ole
late God conspiracy ; and also to petition the KING
to &miss' leis Ministers.

Among other eompliinentare proceedings in the
City towards the QUEEN. • corre.,solident informs
us that the Right Hon. Sir t_VILLIAM SCOTT put
off the Sittings of the Admiralty Court, and that
the Public Offices in Doctors' Commons were all
shut lip out occisinn of the Thanksgiving Diy.
The of congratul.ti from the Magi-
strates. Freemen. and Inhabit:lets of Hereford, to
her Majesty the QUEEN, on the aliantignmeot of
the proceedings instituted against her, has hem
signed by a greater number of person. than arse
ever known to have Hord in ally address sent be-
fore from this city. Upwards of 1.100 names hive
been signed. including seven city and county Ma-
gistrates. nine members of the corporation, and
nearly 400 freemen. with many of the most respect-
able professional gentlemen and tradesmen of the
place.—( Hertford Journal.)

The election of a President of the Royal Society,
in the room of the late Sir JOSEPH BANKS, took
place yesterday at Somerset House. Sir HUMPHRY
DAVY was the only candidate for this honourable
and distinguished situation; but an attempt wirii
ino,le to defeat his election by proposing tort
Cot.citerrelt, the late Speaker of the House of
Commons. in opposition to him. Sir HUMPHRY
DAVY was supported by the independent members
of the Society, and Lord HOLLAND came, for the
first time, expressly to vote fur him.
On Friday his Majesty's Commissioners of the
Stamp Duties, with their Secretary, Solicitor, De-
nnty Receiver-General, and other officers, assem-
bled at the Crown and Anchor 'reverts in the
Sir.md. fur the purpo-e of re-letting of the Post-
Horse Duty for the ensiling three years. The
biddings were recs.:veil and takes. by the Chair-
man of the Commissioners, regulated by a minute
glis,vs. Foch successful bidder paid down a de-
posit of 7i per cent. The total amount of the
presets! Irving is 245,1001.—1a5t ditto, 239,7801.
Increase this year, ti,320/.
We learn that official arconnts have been re-
ceived in wan from Naples down to the 16'h, when
sodas had beets given to the Neapolitan troops
to pass the tooter of the Atiruzzi and occupy
part of the rapid Territories. its clousetpience of
certain itittiligence of the advance of the Ales.
trans on Ancona. The uttnuat ilitlignali •••• , we
understand, was felt at the reported endea-
vours of Sir 'WILLIAM A'COURT tii Induce lle
Royal Family to gu tin Isera•J the Euglish aqua-
d, ; a measure, the ottempting of which would
pruh•hly lead to their destruction. It aiasstappose.l
that if posses,: °old he part:swell of the Kula',
perste,' lie would thru be induced to issue a 1),111-
ratios, tit daring the people in a state of rebellion.
I he Ifitly Alhaure sill exert Iherritirke, +u obtain
frame pret• xt of this kind, before I....ding their Ma.
nifesto. Ilow latnen'able to Ilhok that the
tors of this coutitry abroad are thus labouling, in
caoce rt with those of the Holy Alliaore, for the
fort heratice of thla *ecru ti cros isle aka list freedom !
--The ailvvice of the Aii•triati troops, and the con.
orrillelat oCcrl patio,' of part of the Roman territatietl,
must be considered as toe commencement of !man-
li,ies. We trust that the Neapolitans, still chew
t::rniSelv,a worthy of their noble cati.e.
Papers front the Can:atlas hive b-en received
to ti.e .29,11 October. The Quieter Gineite of the
24th ec.itaisie the anum,l Reloot or that us. fill nod
henre,,ltatir Inoilastiora, the Emig—rat Solely of
(4,w-cc. I ).se or their earlie,a ollects sus oto lotto
uo establi,loinetit tor ti.ck, the helol.sa, and the
for which taurpor-e our a r the wilt:try build.
huts tin Cape Dl4lllOllll was ,pint by she per-
ari.:ooo of the Govereniesit, under the sanction
of Ilse l:,•pecsor of II ispi`al., the prtifei.sional aid
1111i1 inediessies of the inedir;,l de pariinCllt were fur-
to these wretched or ingera. The funds of
the Society, orisii,l4 mit of auuual Ink lacriptiono, have
not exceetle,l6oo/.. Still *Olt that solo, independently
of the ate.iptaioce rendered to the
pilot, who were:above 500 in nutnher, had been sup-
!wiled Gout 30 in 40 helpless nalividutals, who must
have perished without such 14-sistaiice. The Society
lia% also transmitted Ad:lres-es. and caused them to
he circulated is. (;seat Britain and Ireland, with the
view of enlightening those persons who meditated
emigration trout the insulter country, on tbe
diffi-
cullics they were likely to eucounter, sod had in
consequence reason to twliese that though the tide
of emigration was tint expected to he Insetted, yet
that the emigrants in general were of a better class
nod description, with more sulistance. bettor infer-
motion, and clearer views. An article from Men.
tread, dined October in. state* that the Methodist
Conference (commonly known by the attar of the
Wesleyan Methodists) have earins.o the resolatints
of withdrawing their osiMuribtriss from the upper
Pewritter, in omen Loam,, os issios:4:l4l, a she
41.01A11eP.01.40.6 101‘.. rob the ri mod
' —Ws traiisist part tar Am&

cir rwi

DORtU TO HER M4IESTY6
-....-

:6T4N4ii Oft ST. ANNE'S, WESTAIRSITSR.

esserdoy 4pecial megrim of the parishiorsers
Id in the vestry•mote. far the parpose of
Ting of o congratulatory Address to be pre-
(r) her Majesty the Queen.
HENRY WILLIAMS, Eoq. owe of the Cisrebwerdeae,
toe! the Chair.
Besides the great number of respeetabk parish-
ioners, there were present Mr. Hubliouse mid Mr.
P. Moore. An apology was sent by Mr. Hunie.
who hod been invited, cud was prevented from at-
tending by the iwcreeily of being at a meeting else.
where, held in honour of St. Andrew's Dey. Apo-
s were also put in on behalf of Sir F. Burdett
and Sir G. Noel.
Before the first Resolution was carried, it was
found necessary to adjourn to the Church-yard. in
consequence of the great number of penman; assem-
bled.

Mr. W. CROFT Fuse then read a string of RPIDH
lUDOIIO, which were inoved mid seconded in the fal-
lowing order. and were till carried unaoiniouslv :-
1. That this Meeting is decidedly of opinion, that not one
of the fool charges against her Majesty had the smallest
foundation in truth, but that they were the result of a most
scandalous cosapirscy, which has, for years, hero persevered
in with unparalleled maliguaisey.
That the Bill of Pains nod Penalties was *llion', no-
jail, illegal, and scandalous, equally disgracer'sl to those
who prepared and theme who entertained it, and would, hail
it been paused isle' a law, have stasnperl eternal infamy upon
this patios.
3. That we rejoice that so iniquitous • Bill has been de-
railed by the spantanalese voice of a people, justly indignant
at the attempt to degrade the Queen and the people to a
level with its promoters.
4. That the loss of liberty, the destroctio• of trade, the
annihilation of commerce, the stoppage of manufaeloree,
the lamentable depressioa of agricaltnre, and 11w shameless
persecution of our beloved Queen, may all be traced to Ilse
defective state of the representation of the people in tbe
Commons House of Parliament.
h. That this meeting do most earnestly recommend every
man in the community to use his best eoitenvostrs to procure
such a reform in the Commons House of Pa. liament, ea will
make it really and knit, the reprtsesstenve of the people,
without which, the troubles of the Queen cannot be expected
to cease—nor the people be restored to protpei ity and
freedom.
ff. Thai as Address, founded on the foregoing Resolutions,
he permuted to her Majesty the ()seen, by the Chains's',
Williams, Riq. (the senior Churchwarden), eccompassied
by the mover and seconder; and that the Representatives
for the City sisal Liberties of Westminster, the Rector, and
the other Churchwarden, he requested to mead the same,
together with such of the Inhabitant Huasehokiers as trig
feat disposed to accompany the presentation.
7. That the thanks of this Meeting are Ilse and are hereby
given to Mr. Alderman Wood, M.P. the independent Peer.,
her Majesty's Counsel, and the indepentlest parts of the
Press, who have so ably sad triumphantly advocated the
cause of her Majesty.
Mr. 1-10BROUst spoke in support of the third
' Resolution. He congratulated the people, to whom
alone the triumph of the Queen's cause must he
attributed. on the proud station to which they had
raised their character. He thought that the trona-
sctious of yesterday (the 4911 i silt.) proved that
as often as the people were left to themselves,
they would always 'thew how capable they were of
controlling themselves. He said this in reference to
the obsesses of the military, and the twoceable and
orderly demeanour of the people. Not • mingle
guard was in witting on her Majesty. while goitig
and coming through the greatest crowds that ever
were known, and yet there was not au act commit-
ted which rellected disgrace ow the people. The
King might be equally independent of the military
force if he chose it. The people esitertained no
dislike to him distinct from the acts and policy of
his Ministers. Were his Majesty to step for-
ward and disdain' their proceedings, and endeavour
to supply their places with better men, he needed
to do nothing more to make himself one of the
most popular sovereigns that ever reigned—to sur-
round himself with the same myriads of loyal
and devoted subjects, and to make those troops,
with which he was unhappily almost always sur-
rounded in his motions, as unisecessary as they
ss,re shewo to be either fur the protection 'if the
Queen or of the public peace. He conceived that
it was impossible. either for the system of goveni-
menhl or the admintstratinir to last
longer. Either the British people most sink down
in slavery like senseless clods, or the system would
be subverted, and one more congenial to free prin.
ciples set top in its place. He wished to correct
mistake which had gone forth, with respect to him-
self and Lord Win. Russell. They had been re-
presented in The Chronick, as having said that
change Of Monsters was not to be wished for.
He had owl no such txprebsioiis. He had mat,-
united thut a clisitge of Minister was essentially
necessary. Fie laud certainly sold that it would tie
of no use without a change of system also. It was
perfectly necessary for the people to come forward,
and call for the dismissal of Ministeni, and a
change of their system ; for, in truth, those Minis.
tees had so befouled rod bemired their places, that it
would he ..sishing their successors no good to desire
their 111611116.111 Oil ally other terms than au effectual
change ite the measures and policy of government.
The people ought to (finnan', a Reform in the Re.
presentation. There could be no security Inc the
governors or the governed, witlititit the est:4l4l,h•
silent of a national Citified which would speak the
voice of the people. That nu such Council extort'
was evident from the assertions of the ministerial
prints, that the people in getters! felt no interest lit
the Queen's awe. Millions of people had testified
to the contrary. If this were uot an effectual meat
for rumbling them to judge of the truth. there
he noise existing. and the burden of pro-
vithstg some method, or setting up some establish-
ment to street that object remained. Thus much for
what had taken plate out of dogma. There were some
circumstances in doors which he had to mention to
them. As Representative of Westminster. he had
waited for her Majesty's approach at the gates
of the city. and accompanied Ifir into the Cathedral.
They knew of some of the difficulties which had
bees throws in the way by the hiersechy.chielly, as he
supposed. at the instigation of that reverrud Lord
who undertook to prove am only that the king
could do No wrong, but that he meld sot de •
faelish—that he mild not speak a faeltsh thing.
The ceautionestbseitaures of polities's and smear
atedatiou werowithltel& It had been usual to lay
• piece of earpot for say. of the Herd Family who
attended service at se. Paul's. The had bees re.
Need to the Queen. The Brasil Slayer sad Con.
ceesideriwg hew riot the Cathedral suet
iq .Mt hues it. parabasiosi of die .City

.

fonds: bet this was refused. 'trite olifeet wit* to
prevent the Qtr.,» from being accommodated; end
he was sorry to say, that the higher clergy had de.
meanest thensselves to (let Moiety in a way perfectly
itogentlemaisly; '8;0 as no well-bred man would
briar,' to any female. The /Veto Theirs had
charged him with having no religion. if to wish
to ere persecution stopped, sod all subjects go.
verisell by itrineildeit of justice. were to he of no re-:
helot', lie wag free in confess that be wits without
religion. Bnt if Christi unity commanded the ex.
Wise of charity and justice, the fair ioterpretatinn
of condors, am/ no condemnation without trial, he
had more of religion than the person who so Wifely
charged Iwo with the want of it. He had grown
pi
cations tot abuse from the fresency and variety of
it, hut he woold never be found negligent of the
wishes and suggestions of his constituents.
Mr. PETErt Mooße spoke in support of the 4th
Resolution. He considered himself as much •
member for Westminster as for Coventry. having
an equal politer over the goods. persons, and liberty
of both places iu Parliament. lie was always to
he found where his Hoti. Foie* (Mr. Hobhonge)
was acting, because he was sure that there would
be fonml talon. virtue, and ability. The place
they were in (the church-yard) was commonly the
lilt abode of human frailty to which mankind
were directed, or ought to be dire' fed by their
spiritual guides and comforters of the church.--
The Itec!of had ferstSrd them the church to
meet in, and forced them to take their places its
the church-card before their time. He had con-
demned them to begin their sorrowing in that place
which ought to have been ',served for its last abode.
N, err usiml—the more humble their present station
the prouder would be the height of their glory by
d by, when they should succeed in putting down
all their enemies. He reprehended the eager and
unremitting :memento of the Ili-hops (excepting
she Bo,lsop of Norwich) to 11w filthy details of the
Qiireil'o accusers. They most have been looking
out for what they conk! catch and indeed a cou-
siderable stir wag manifested in removing Exeter to
Lincoln, and Lincoln to il'inchester, and so mi.
during the proceediog.. A (Wend of his who hail
wit, cooed the behaviour of the people on the day of
her Majesty's thanksgiviug (Ins friend was a
Member of Parliament). hall declared that he
Was so much gratilieil by it that he would give
up fifty thousand of the standing army voids
pleasure. He congratulated the people on their
triumph. Ile recommended them to call for •
change of measures as well
,us for a change of Mi-
nisters—singe!, could not administer the affairs of
the State righteously smiler the present system.—
He wished to see the Parliament reformed, and the
negocisstions of the Chancellor of the Exchequer
with the money-brokers of the city, put to an end.
lie wished to see rigid economy established in all
the departments of the Stale.
Mr. Flan spoke on the sixth Resolution. and ad-
vised that the voice of she people should be niter.
posed to prevent Sir Francis Burdett front being
sacrificed. He was of opinion that there could he
no tranquil despotism to succeed the destruction of
the Coustnution. The people had a friend aisle to
prevent that in Threadneedle-street. Thirty-six mil.
lions of taxes could never be raised by • standing
army wider a military devotions. They had the
proof of that in the case of Ireland. Mr. Fish
moved an 4,ltltesa to the Queen, its pursuance of
the seventh Resolution.
Mr. PICILMAN seconded it, and it was carried
unanimously.
A vote of censure was carried against the Rector
for preachiog political sermons and yet refussog to
allow the parishioners to hold a political ineetiog in
the church.
Thank.' were voted to the Chairman, for his con-
duct in the chair.
Thanks were also voted to Sir Francis Burdett,
Mr. Hobliouse, and Mr. P. Moore. The two
letter Gentlemen returned thanks, end the meeting
dispersed.

MELANCHOLY CALAMITY

IN LITTLE BELL-•LLEY.

(luaTaca PARTICULARS ]

We yesterday gave an account of a most afflicting and
heart-rending catastrophe which look place at the house of
Mr. Floflora, a hinkseller, in Little ftell.alley, Moodields, in
consequence of the house catching fire, by which Iwo Waist
children fell victims to the flames. We now subjoin the
further particulars of the awful 'omit. It appears that Mr.
Fulf.wd let out the Aim and parlour, and kept the upper
p.rl of the house for his saws. convenience, and the first floor
front room in which the the Legau was the room the family
lived in. Some wet linen was placed before the fire to dry
by the servaist•maid, after which she put the two little sof.
freers to bed whilst she went down stairs into the kitchen.—
In a few moments she coimeived she smelt fire, and pen.
eeeded up stairs to the room in which the children lay, and
us. opening the door the flames rush. d in hi. face, and in an
instant the whole mai was nn fire; the poor girl's
shrieks alarmed the neighbours, sad some of thesis came to
her assistance. _ _ .

Mr. Younger, the oilman, al the corner of Lemilterseller's.
buildings, instantly proceutd a ladder, which he ascended in
order to Net in at the window, thinking to save the infants,
but his object failed, and in breaking the windows his right
hand was severely lacerated. The dames new began hi rage
with great 'my, lead it was thought, from the confined
eituatino of the glace, which is sorronoded with Narrow
courts and alley., that Ilse whole neighbourhood would be
destroyed.

The HIM'S being entirely subduer' about slit o'clock, the
firemen camare•eed searching Air the remains of the little
&offerers, and abort eight o'clock the eldest, • little boy
about Iwo years old, was fossil amongst Ors rotas horsed to
a complete cinder. Yesterday morning the oleo commenced
digging for the other child, and about two o'clock they.
found its unailsted remains, which, when touched, dropped
Into dolt. The boom of the uufort••ate children were
placed in a shell, and were conveyed to Allh•llow's Church
fur the Caroller's 'squeal.

A large entiggler cutter. ineenting 16 gene,
baring contrived to land 500 lobs or opirits neer
Podstee, Cornwell, they were disieoverril by the
vigilance of the heetineis 'beloseging to the Waning*
Preventive Service. and NMI taken possession of.
The smuggler, however. on big side, egg also on
the siert ; and being aowittimg to bore hie choice
spirits in the hoods or those oemeriag Plibeinek
he determined M tasks a bold posh to reemetr his
booty. He meordirely seated hit boat with a
meat gang of donpromied fellows. who opprootbsd
*air Ape and silfeotod s moomr. teitybriew, oat
may the sesuggled pleywer. bet eireseirstiii
besta and aU bat oreiloriblv iota 1M • •

"^4l‘

Trfi!m

RPM

LAW INTELLICSIVCE.

COURT OF 1111461 1‘111111:11. !!184,141.!
Tevasear. 11•1410.4111 319;

Before the Lose Csise Avatar"

kft gel L ACCEPTANCIIIS. •
TII8Ctil• w. etteirion. •
This was •n diction want* the oceeroe of • gill
of euchange for 1651. es. The Defendant
Plymouth. and the bill was SteriiteA psystits it,
Lubbock and Co.'s.
The .cceptsnce sad presentment for payment
wee. proved.
The Loan Cuter hinter mid. thst he had al-
ways thonght the former pretlice of INC Coil I
most conven•ent ; hut ►ince the dect.ion of ttp
House of Lards io the cue of Kioire a. Yoggigr. ess
s writ of error. he was hound to requtre •atoof th:4l
the acceptor bad had notice of the theiloimor. wh•-r.n
the acceptance waY special.
Mr. Damns!t offered evidence tootle* that
Defendant knew of the dishonour of the bill, meal.
attorney had treated for a compromise.
Iles Lordship held that was not sufficient.
Nonsuit ; with leave to move to enter a verthci,
for the Plaintiff.

NORDIN V. DURANT.
This wits an action for work and labour. TI e
P1,1111,48' a sailinaker, sod repaired the nits nr
the Lady Fem.is packet, of which the Defeodoot
wrs the reiristered owner, his claim for orititill
amounting to 44/. was the subject of the prillseht
action. It appeared in evidence that the otteii • •
were given by one Sutton, whn acted as the ovni•
soil agent or ship's husband, but was its fact the real
owner, the Plaintia's name being on the register
for Ina security, he having advanced VW. to

Sutton.
The LORD CHIEF JCITICR loomed up ti.o
defter is the Jury, and charged them ihti thte ewe
really a treestion of credit, and out of title. if
they acre of opinion the credit was given to Salmi,'
sod not to Durant, theft Vie D-fessciatit reds anti.
tied to their verdict, notwithstanding Durant. woo
the registered tort.er of the vessel.
‘'ertgict for the Defendant.
Tut,. Cot at welt occupied the greater ;put d the
day in healing causes of ito public interest.

COL:IIT OF COMMON PLEAS. Genes/W.,
TtiVitSDl%, Nortmsaa 30.

I.IIIDtItT t'. MBALING.

The Plaintiff in this canoe is a grocer, in 111:e
finltiorn, and brought the action to recover of the
Defendant, also a grocer, carrying on Weiner. for-
merly in Greet Mary-le-hone-street, and lately IA
Great Titelifielti-street, 71. 10s. for goods sold and
delivered to the Defendant, in the month% of Wu.
her, November. slid December, 1819. The D.-
ft-infant pleaded his minority. It appeared in Sti-
dence that the Defendant was monied and bad too
children, and had been in businrse *boot two yeata.

_
Mr. Serje.int VAUGHAN. for the defriter. coo-
tended Viet if he. could establish the fact of the
Defendant's loing tinder age at the tilled die
purchase of the good► in (peanuts. the plea'. of the
honesty of which it was not for hun to say any
thing, would amount to a good and •al►d Isyel
defence.

James \lealing, the fa,her of the Defvn•lant. •
Baptist by prolfr,siun. end a wig-make► by trade.
living at Bristol,_proved him to have been born in
Nltty, 1799, by fill entry made by himself la a
Bible (which was produced in Court), the worsting
after his birth. It further appeared that in Muslim
action, in the Palace Court last week, the *see
defence 11:1,1 been set up, and the same evidence
given by this witness, when the Jury food for the
Plaintiff. since which tune the Defendant bad Ain
up his shop, and made over the leme of the pry-
raises to hos father. as was stated. for a conh-
&ration of 110/.

The Defendant was in Court, standing beltiOta
the Counrel, in full view of the Jury, and freak
Inv appearance might certainly very readily bit
taken for at Irma 28 years of age. He "la alga
very neatly dressed.
Mr. S.ujeant I'ELL, in reply, animadverted with
much •evrrtty on the profligacy of a person in be
Drfriolani'a condition, petting up ►loch a plea 10
defeat a I-redlines just dawn, or the scandal of la
father comesig into • Court to support his son in
•t►ch • statieaction, and on the sruirudenua of she
Defendant io publicly presenting himself to skim
view of the Jury and of the whole Court, wader
such eirctionfitaliCri.

_
Mr. .I.,s.iee DatAss addressed the Jo►y, 110
!aid the honesty. morally %peaking, of the Wee, "it
not here the gues ion for them to consider. it it alp-
peered to them that the truth of the plea NW
pioved ; and of that, if they believed the falba •f
the Defendant, who strwe to Iris having been bs
in Mat, 1799, they could have no doubt, ttutr
moat boil for the Defendant.
Verdict fur the Defendant.

Mr. KEMBLE has left England for his retireatest.
at Liosanue. lie has executed a deed of gift, 64-
'muting Mr. CHAJILICS &EMILE the praline uron
lira of himself, of the valuable share he poseorma4
in Covent-garden Theatre. Helmet stoics it I.
worth 50.00e1.

On Wedne%cley lest Sir Manila Lerci ant.
sod PHILIP Joss Mit.ta. Esq. siereer.esea Meet-
hers for the borouKh ut Westbury, to tbeplerfAd
NATHANIEL BANToN JeNaTHtN 'Etrov.
Eaqr•.
Extr:iet or • 'eller irons the Apia to I.4”pes vg
CoostentwoHle. dated sub Oetsisse - • • • •

M We Save lately had
Swain days sp. to Ilki
last, sea drives ow Aare
bat get of •Wiko with 14
A genii from Alsweafirl
Mecha rale% stet, In I
time Mauna*,
graft espised alr the esser
abaci lAA pariessivs
vei.olll oft*, gym. ri;e4
UMW 11064111410

Bosom—A. nowt
Tomer, tIN Isooiht'
the itoo..tiots kipos. •
OIL Taint*iii Oistor
Mho. Tomo, hottostoi
Otosther
Ort• • • •'.'

WO

.•
i THE KING'S town r. At
.., f 'CIP'•
.IL , - - '', -,- lIL LW
,
-i. '''. , 7-Tior4- --- , .0, . 0 Yesterday. at three o'cloCk. lus M*nir, held
,
, '..timmar",„,.......
t„.
\-...11 a Court, at his Palace in Pall-mall, which oar Vest,'
...'' •.,ro p.. 3 attended hy-
--, .. 0... ' was hek
The Lord Chancellor, the Seeretarles of state for the enmi,trin
House sod Foreign Deportinent• the Clatecellor of the Es.
FASHIONS. chequer, the Presoleot of the Heardof Control, the Frani- tented to
LONDON DECEMBER
. - . .. A • M.--ll a 1... 5a.....-- —, .5... .1.1•••• rt.. 111011 Y

y had sons• severe gale•4l.• Beget Ale% •
lie Britannia, Gibs. from 411e11nek WI.- • •
shore 31 the eistrassee •
with little demure, and his arrivesrbedr...
pouutria (said us lee .113alieee), tailess•mtliti
Ike vas totally lsotin Moisture rile* -
Ow the isiehrot the Stale same a Isteitiks
Ike rosei* Qs itorois, and she crew •so 1
is drowned. eissutheely amnia have -vie-
et the Inuit 841111, OM, 1,4 many ba keen I
ye 11.41011.41"
novel match bee been mtariB for
. Li-
lie little b"iter, to *glDni matem,olo,
so. Hickman is lira
akder elev.w► stone, anciltihni otteeit
r, however, thinks he can win, Mid .
► cerlain of to
.4 on
. . •
• •
