LONDON,
THURSDAY, SE,Tanga 23.

The Treasury Jour ~la hare been onlered to
assert, that the meditated changes in the Ministry
are confitied to the Duke of Pourtean and Lord
Cssrt.xuasou. Of these two, the Duke of PORT.
LAND may attended lliv MAJESTY'S Levee yester-
day. Lord CASTLIREActiI, hitherto 'parental in
his attendance topessiges occasions, was absent,
but from what cause we Isate.tmt learned. The
',regress, therefore, Wade in this laudable plan was
✓ot so great as the public expected. Neither the
successors of that two Ministers, nor the other
changes consequent upon their reamer!, Imre been
declined. In another part of our Paper, we have
Riven the Treasu.y amount of tins hasiness,,as
coututurierted to the Priots, of last night, it, the
Service of Mr. CANNING and Lord CAVTLEREAufI.
According to this account, the Duke of PORTLAND
resigns, not on accreted of public disaster, bat ill
health—a secret just discovered. Lord CASTLE-
&Taws also goes twit, solely in compliance with an
old agreement to make mows for Marquis WELLES.
LEY, who, it is admitted, with great and astonishing
candour. is now in Spain, awl cannot come us. But
that the dreadful result of his Expeditions should
have In the slightest degree ematributed to his remo-
val. we are told is an sales utoostrous, it is strange
how it void have ever entered into the mind of nay
rational wan. We wish, !weever, these ready re.
toilers of every falsehood that can blind the people,
to inform us how it has happened, that this charge
in the Ministry was never oteationed, until it was
found necessary to sacrifice pert of the Ministry to
the safety of the rest, and throw part of the lumber
over board, to preserve the remainder t

We have received Dati.;l'apers to the I3th,
tainingthe Paris ncws to thegth. Theettetuy's account
of the re-occupat. of Blitz, a'ter the departure of
our troops, is atitong our eitracts. which are not of
much interest. The term of time ar matter betwerit
France and Austria has been farther prolonged for
a fortnight.

We have received Spanish Papers to the 4th,
cod Paring%lege to the Bth iost. The head-quar-
ters of General Boitysemto had been removed to
Castel Branco, on the 38th last, to combine its
movements with Viscount WEL. ati7Tnrt, in the pro-
vince of Aleotejn. The Marquis Itostosio had ad-
vanced with the greater part of his corps to Zaino.
r.i.—Gerona still held out on the 7th August.
These papers are almost filled entirely with
English news, and articles from ("crawly ; they
contain likeoise a praelsrmititiu from the Msrquis
de Romano to the inhabitantb of ("officio ■ud the
army, and another to the people of Galicia, by the
supreuse Goverunient.

If the iinfortnoote teri ttttt anon of the late Exp..
dition to the Scheldt, and the still more disastrous
remits of the march into Castile, had not. during
several weeks loot, almost wholly occupied the na-
tional attention ; the events which have been pass-
nag in the centre, end in the North of Europe,
might justly lay claim to notice. Prostrate, ex-
it gusted, sod broken down as the Continent ap.
pear., under the revolutionary anus mud machina-
tions of the subtle and formidable Conqueror who
has enslaved it; yet is net Germany wholly sob.
clued. Austria, wbich power, since the Nth of
July, lies enjoyed a species of repose, and who
appears hitherto not to have signed. or concluded
any peace ; cannot, we may suppose, have been
inattentive to the necessary steps for continuing the
struggle, if hostilities should be re-commenced.
While Conicarn, Ololutx, and PrAgoie, ore still
her's, Hungary, Moravia. and Bohemia, remain
unconquered. Passers ! as even prowet.sed one ad-
vantage user his Corsica's foe, during the present
armistice ; namely, that his harassed forces enjoy
a suspension from active war; while those of N A.
roLonx and his vassal allies are still unremittingly
employed, and even unsuccessfully oreapted. in
reducing to subjection the Tyrol. The glorious
and unexpected raiiitatme, which the victories*
and invincible legions of lionArAitte have sir.

• rience.l. among the precipice'', and defiles, and
fastnesses, of that country, which has justly been
deiroininated „the cradle of the House of Austria,"
is not one of the least eXtraordinsry featuresof the
eventful times iu winch we live. It seerus strikingly
to prove that freedom has ever been, as Mteron
terms her, ei A htustanim Nymph " Can any thing
inure forcibly evince it, than that, white the Ne-
therlauds, and Spain, and Icily, end Prussia, and
so many other rich, populous, and flourishing por-
tious of Europe, are unable, or auwitling to op-
pose the French ; resistance should arise to the
tyrant, in a remote province of the Alps: cut off
from succours, abandoned to its own resources,
and even deserted by its legitimate Sovereign ?
' Those who locally know the Tire!, who have had
opportunities of studying the character of its in-
habitants, and who Imre visited the almost insect*.
sible tract of country, which extends from the
gates of Inspruck and Brien% to the edge of the
Grimm, of the Like of Constance, and of Sushi%
along the banks of the limo, the Lech, and the
Adige ;—these who have seen how easily an army
may he arrested, amidst three savage rind desolate
wilds, at every step, will not wonder at the signal
defeat, the heroic mountaineers of Landeck
nail Stersingen hare given to the troops command-
ed by Le Faavae. This is such a struggle
as the Spartans male in antiquity, and such
as the Switzer) displayed is modern ages, when
other tyrants, less formidable, indeed. than NA.
POLCON. tett %Opted to reduce them to slavery.
If Lord Caszbiseaan,• and Mr. CANNING. had
heen 'competent to execute the duties of the high
situations that they only 611, they would have been
nsake to these facts. Instead of sending, as they
have done, an army to rouse the torpid, or imfif-
feretit, inhabitants of Extremadura, and of New
Castile ; instead of plunging into the central pro-
vinces of the Spanish Monarchy, in defiance. of ex- '
perieuce, of warning, and of past calamity; ;mind
of embarking 20,000 troops from Melazin, in
order, first to occupy, and the.. to abriodun, the
useless islands of Ischia, and of Procielet, in the bay
of Naples. instead of rendering es, us a nation, the
objects of the contempt end mockery of the Conti-
nent; what would Statesmen have done? They
would, lung since, have seat a force commensurate
to the magnitude and importance of the occasion,
not alpine SOULT. or VICTOR. or MURAT ; but
against NaeoLton. It he can be arrested, Europe
only be saved. It never can he rescued from his
gripe try victories on the Tagus, or on the Douro;
still less by miserable expert:tient to Calabria, or
to Sorrento. Every consideration, and every mo-
tive. pointed out the head of the 'Adriatic, as the
point, and the only point, where Ball APAIIIITE was
vuluerable. From Trieste to Virgo's, the distance
is scarcely 470 English mites; but, from that port,
to Lintz, in the Tyrol, it does not exceed 100,
either through the Austrian dominions, or acres*
the ea-derma Venrtien • territory. Sir ARTNIUR
might have better deserved a Peerage
by obi g a vie tary at Inspritek, over La Fear's,
than by his sanguinary. useless, and ill-advised
irruption into Castile. He would have found in
PaarLyza, other energ,es, and other aids, than in
Cetsza, Of in Vesteuas. Every biter which was
struck upon the Inn, would have rebounded on the
Danube. All Germany would have fait the im-
pulse and would have recognized, in the counsehr,
as well as it. the measures, ref GSORGE ill. the de-
cision, wisdom, and energy, that client( torized the
concluding years of his grandfather's rei4n, when
a litre directed arid wit)ded the vast resources of
this country. Thee we might have celebrated, in
October, 180 n. a reel Jobilee;_ not merely com-
memorating the filteth revolution of the sun since
His MAJMITT'S succession to the throne; but •
day of general congratulation, and rational jay, at
the prospect of the deliverance of Europe! How
can we testify invitation. and illuminate the capi-
tal, while the homy of our nufm:turiete countrymen
lie uisbnried oii the plains of TaLivera met while
scarcely • noble family in the kingdom, has not to
lament a father, • brother, or a son. sacrificed in
Castile, or in Walcht!ren, to the incapacity of
Ministers, and to the precipitate temerity, or in-
dolent procrastination of the commanders, stilt oil
the two lute expeditions? Almost as well might
we have lighted up London after the disasters of
Saratoga, or of the Helder, as at the present mo-
ment. Rig Ministers fondly hope to find a shelter
from regional indignation, under the virtues of
their Royal Master; and they trust to obliterate
their own errors, under the blaze of his popularity.
The subterfuge is, however, too shallow, to serve
their purpose. It I. impossible that such a Cubinet
COO continue long to exist. If we cannot save
Europe, we may at least liberate corsets's. from the
effects of such recognized incapacity, ignorance,
and usalmdministration.

Extract of a letter from Capt. ficarow, of the
Monterideu, from Qutbry, dotal Mou 'Wu bay. ti t
Sopt.

'4 I bass just time to inform you of lay safe eeriest herr,
after a terrible psonzr. Vie were throw. on our broadside,
awl lay with our L.w,r yards to the water, but proviiteutly
riglord again Two days niter the gale, piektd op the crew
thr Jane, of Shields, rapt Camylell : two of tl:r Jane's
/in) we-e drowned. Os the 7111 lost., Notice lbw Pi evidence
&art.'s, Capt. Smith ; she had hot the head of hot madtroast
sod parked op the crew of the l'eautia, of Shields, Captain
French Ile 114 W four or fire sail sta r the gee with aural.
of distress thing—dept 1.4 spoke the Ptgcy of 1,i11,403,
Captain Smith, with the has of her fire•toptwast.^
Lord El.tois 111,411 long rosti. rtaxe 04 'ruddily
with the Duke el CeusLict mow.

M1111111.111111111=11111.11
TIM COURT.

Yeatenlay, It twelve o'clock, 314,1• Try z•.
rived from NVitutrnr, at the 44istoirs
was received by their Itopil 1-14;titicwea the
KL Pi r, 111141 CuNueat.aln.
A :ittle alter two it'rlock, 1-11. ‘ItAtT Gildg
Private Lever. whirl* 1,31% wart Ac,l In—
The lord Cluiutellor, the fluke of Ilbirtlaiwl, Fart of CID,.
den, Earl of INestuatirl,atil, Earl of Chatham, Earl of Li.
verpool, Earl Hathurst, Fail of Harrowliy, Wed Molioave,
Lord Healltheld, Lord Arden, (in treating), Sir Larid tbito
das, Sir Stephen Cottrell, Mr. Cando'', Mr. Pcrervwl, att4
Mr. Verney (groom in waitii.g).
The following had the ii..tiour of 'wing presented.
to WI NIAJERYT :
The Earl of Chatham, on liht retail' from Holland.
'Cukinel Long, Adjutant-General to the Font. udder
lli
Earl of Chatham, en loareturn horn foreign orrice.
Mohr Iliailfor:1, Aid-de-Camp. tit the tail of Chatham..
as his return from furei aerate*.
The Hon. Captain W. H. ffaniner, Aid de-Camp to &a
Earl of Chatham, on 113 return !rout IValrlieren.

Colonel Fryer, on his return from commanding Chi
Royal huginerra, in Holland
Lieut.-Colonel Carey, Military' Secretary to the Lori a
tether's, on his return (nom foreign aerviec.
lasrd Ch.trles MaIIIICTII, lIIS h a rrturii fruniforeivi %eerie,.
Maint.Genetil Campbell, on his ey,soiolsu.ul to t our-
mama itt Ciltraltar,a‘ni to take trace.

Deputy Quatter-Ilaster, uu LA ie.
turn fruits fureign service
I.ieut Cupel un his return f.reigit Kers
Lieut. General the kir! ufl:usayii, au hi; ri_turii tem, te•
teign earl i. e.

Sir ISIIiI4III Dreintntond, as be. emu ..n Gorr Sicily.
General Brownriig, uu 13.6 reure
4.uau Walthereu.

Cart. A (Inward. R. N. on his promotion.
HIS MAJESTY afterwards livid a Privy Cnanril,
and. gave audience to the Duke of PORTLAND and
the rest of the Cabinet Nlinistera.

At a I juartcr before two o'clock, the Loa,
Custices.tott and the Earl of LiviAtroor. came
to the Levee. About half an hour afteraurds,
Earl CAMDEN Caine; Mr. l'itacevitt, did not
arrive until half-poet two; he calor direct from
Burlington-house, where he had heen in conference
with the Dote of PORTLAND, for upwards of
two hour.. As Mr. PRRCRYAt. was coming max
of Burlington-house. Mr. CAKNINO went in, and
remained with the Duke of PORTLAND for mar
an hour and a half. At half past four he came is
the Levee; the Duke of PORTLAND arrived a few
minutes afterwards; his Greer looked extremely
ill, and was assisted out of bit carriage. Hit did
not stay above half an hour. At his departure, he
bowed with great affability to the people that were
standing mood the door of the lodge. Mr. Can.
aims went away soon afterwards ; the Earl of
WESTMORLAND aceompaisied bun in his enniage.
The Earl of CAMDEN soon followed. Those that
remained with MS MAJESTY were Mr. PERCIVAL,
Earl all IRRoWEY, Lord ARDEN, Lord MVLORAIIr,
and Sir D. Duni:Pas. Earl Hataaowns view away
at a (ranee before six o'clock ; Mr. PERCETAL
went in his Lordship's carriage. The 'tumbler of
spectatora was very *rest; the report of a change
to the Ministry hating Ranted ground, was a great
source of attraction. Many gentlemen from the
city stopped round the. QUEEN's bowie all the
oftemoon. Mr. PRECEVAL went to V 1 olter 041
Tuesday. and had a conference of two howls oak
His Mx.ivaree ; and at twelve o'clock, on
night, slut s messenger with a letter to Lord MVI.-•
QUATE, preparatory to the ...tusioess of ytsterclaylit
the Levee.

About six o'clock His Ifttarsrx kit town for
Winilbor. •

CONGREVE'S ROCKETS.

" Terror alike of Meads as* Ikea."

The fame of Congreve's rocket, having reached
the Breeds, the Prince Regent was desirous of se..
ing one of them eabiteite.d. Hr accordingly ap-
plied to a littlish Officer. Lieut.-U*lomi U., to
procure him that gratification; baring learnt that
some of these tremendous engines of destruction
were onboard an English ship ul Mir is the pent.—
Of course. he we. promised the object of his wl-beso
a day was appointed on which the rockets wars to
be discharged, and the market-place wes fined on
as the theutre lot the exhibitiou. The day arrived.
and the great Square of itlo Janeiro was crowded
with spectators, to witness this Kew -end• grand
spectacle. The rocket was disobeyed the eked.,
bon was taken ! But, alas ! they I ghted at at the
wrong end ! The dreadful explosnan of this ca.
ghee of destruction was the ingarmitmous conse-
quence. Two men were kided, and a great r.utn•
her wounded. The British .Olsc.•r, aarwu,. be
efface, the disgrace *attached to such a diwester,
begged his Royal Highness's permission to lire
another; promisee g, at the some time, to take (are
that nu second occident took ;dace, and that rho
neat should be lighted at the right end ; bat the
prudent Prance declined the profit red, pleawire. and
teetered "he would NW Aare time hoes of ids pod
subjects sported with to may such way."

Viscount CASTI.►ALAbY d►d not attend the Le.
see yesterday; loud the Duke of Ponetawn :gyp•
ppored so extremely infirm, that it ..m► with diffi-
culty he made Ins ingress and egress to and trum
the Audience Chamber.
Sir DAVID Dutioss, the present Comnionder.
in-Chief, upon getting the 95th regiment, mime.
&lately ieninved the rweney of it from Me,%rs.
GAMS WOOD mud Co. to Itis own agent, Mr. rd• Du-
NALD.

It is generally ii pp that the expenditoire of
• few more tannings will completely pheck the
Taitois geese, who nightly hiss at the Covent-
Garden Theatre.

• Mr. Da/RAVEL with D'Euvrt.t.E sod hi:Pupils,
will shortly set off for Malibu, being eligsgsd by
Mr. FURRY JOIiNIITU%.

A tralesimin. carrying on • retail business to a
great extent in the en), his suffered emisidershly
Covent-ganien Thestre, his shop-bops liseinit
bowled the:nukes so Imsrse in the pill, dirt his
customers cannot understand theist behind the
compter.

lith light dragoons, althestigh they did sot
th.esnliark WI their return to Ramsgate, lost bat
tifteeen horses. The rums are in excelleut spirits,
and this hue regiment only %gigots au opportunity to
illoplav its valour.
Uhf Wheat was in great demand at Norwich mar-
ket, on Saturday Nat, which was far from hi;og well
"Pytted. and 1 sa:u oleo I.r4t mu lid %mime.
of 6, per coots! , producing 84s. and liar :outs oh,-
tented 3Us.
