,H PRESS.

•
)IIrDINT.I
JAx. 23.

LITERATURE.

Arthur Stanhope, Esq. entertained a distinguished party at din..
ner yesterday, at his house in Tilney-street.
The Duke of Wellington arrived in town yesterday, from his
seat, Strathlieldsay, Hints.
The Duke of Rutland has left Revolt. Castle for Chatsworth,
Derbyshire, on a visit to the Duke of Devonshire.
Lord Bexley arrived in town yesterday, from his seat, Foot's
Cray - place, Kent.
Earl Spencer has left his seat, Althorpe, Northamptonshire, for
Burleigh, on a visit to the Marquis and Marchioness of Exeter.
The Earl and Countess of Jersey have left their scat, Middleton
Park, Oxfordshire, for the Duke of Devonshire's, Chatsworth,
Derbyshire.
Sir Henry Hardinge, Bart. M.P., and family, have arrived at
their house in Grosvenor-place, from a tour.
J. Duptsi, Rag arrived yesterday at bis house in Portland•place,
from his seat, Wilton Park, Bucks.
lord Tullamore has arrived in town from Sussex.
Dowager Viscountess Melville has arrived in town from Bognor.
The lion. Lady Smith has arrived in town frorr Ramsgate.
The Hon. Mr. and Mrs. George Agar Ellis have lett town for
Woburn Abbey, on a visit to the Duke and Duchess of Bedford.
Sir George Robinson, Bart. arrived in town yesterday from his
seat, Cranford, Northamptonshire.
H. Harmer, Esq. arrived in town yesterday, froin his seat,
Herts.

.....
Messrs. Hamilton hays arrived at the British Hotel, Jarmyn.
street, from Dublin.
Mr. and Mrs. Patterson have left ditto fur Bristol.
The Bishop of Lincoln has arrived at his house in Connaught.
place, from his seat, Buckdca, Huntir.gdnnshire.
The Right Hon. W. Arbuthnot arrived yesterday at his house,
Whitehall-place, from the Duke of Wellington's scat, in
Hants.
Departure+ from the Pulteney lintel, Albemarle-street :—Mr.
and Mrs. Turton, for their seat in Kent; J. llartley, Esq. for
Norfolk.

The Marquis and Marchioness of Cholmondeley arrived in town
on :Monday, from Brighton.
Arrivals at Kirkham's Hotel, Lower Brook-street :—Lady Gal-
way and family, from Serlhy Hall, Yorkshire; Wm. Bosanquet,
Esq. and family, from their seat, Tring Park. liens ; Sir Henry
Lippincott, Bort from his seft, Stoke, Gloucestershire.
Wm. I:nwin, Esq. has left ditto on a tour.
Arrivals at Flailong's Hotel, Oxford-street:—Mrs. Brune Pri-
dam: and the Misses Codttenay, from Wellington-crescent. Rams-
gate, on .Monday; Thomas Stonor, Esq. from Henley-upon-
Thames; Daniel Mussenden, Esq. front a tour; Rev. Thomas
Nash, from Sussex.
Arrivals at Mivart's Hotel, Lower Brook-street :—Edward Pro.
tberoe, Esq. Mrs. Protheroe, and family, from their seat in Hens;
Sir Hedworth Williamson, Bart from the North ; John Dsuncey,
Esq. from Kent • Thomas Lister Parker, Esq. from • tour.
Departures from 'ditto : —Mr. George Money and family, for their
seat in Herefordshire; the Hon. .Mrs. and the Misses Caulfield,
for Paris ; John Childers, Esq. and Mrs. Childers and family, for
their seat, II enley-upon.Thames ; John Poulett, Esq. fur Shrop-
shire; St. George Caulfield, Esq. for Kent.

A VIEW OF SLAVERY IN CONNECTION WITH
CHRISTIANITY,

BEING THE SUBSTANCE OP A DISCOURSE, DELIVERED IN
THE WES AAAAA CHAPEL, STONEY HILL, JAMAICA, SEPT.
19, 1824. BY ROBERT YOUNG, WESLEYAN MISSIONARY.
WITH AN APPENDIX, &C.
Smith and Co.

There is no one at all familiar with history, or with the
controversies which are perpetually going on in the moral
and political world, but must have again and again re-
gretted the errors and misconceptions that arise from the
use of terms which have no fixed and definite import.
Slavery is one of these terms; it conveys a meaning which
the different parties, if they were called upon to define it,
would be found to employ in a sense diametrically different
from each other. Si, erry, for example, if it is meant to
imply a condition arising out of the property of a master
in the person of an individual purchased by him in the
way of trade, and deriving, by such purchase, an absolute
dominion over all his powers of labour—this View of
Slavery, we are decidedly prepared to say, has no " con-
nection with Christianity,' because, whatever system has
a greater tendency to evil than to good can derive
no support from moral reason, nor any countenance
from inspired truth. But we believe the fact to be, that
this system of servitude, which of late years has been so
much tempered and modified as to have become in many
respects much milder, and accompanied with more con.farts
than ate enjoyed by many classes of hired labourers in
other countries, still retains the name of slavery, and ex-
cites, as such, a portion of misdirected compassion, which
would be much better and more usefully applied in the re-
lief of misery and hardship nearer home. It is in this
point of view that we concur in the sentiments contained
to the following extract from this address:—
" If Christianity meddles riot with the civil relations of master
and slave, let me admonish you, as bond-servants, against being
dissatisfied with your condition, as this would be nothing less than
murmuring against Him, • who doeth according to his will in the
army of heaven, and among the inhabitants of the earth.' It ought
also to be remembered that the situation of life in which Providence
has placed you is not without its comforts ; for, when you have per-
formed your appointed work, you are happily delivered from all
anxiety and tormenting eare, and, in the evening of each day, can
return to your humble cabins with confidence, being assured that
no creditor will be found there, claiming the little property of which
you may be possessed ; no sick wife or sick child will be there,
without the aid of medicine, and, if required, the assistance of a
nurse; neither will your children meet you at your doors with lotAs
expressive of starvation, and pierce your hearts with cries of hunger.
No ! such scenes of misery are not found in your dwellings, for
your bread is given you, and your waters are sure.' Such, how.
ever, are the tnals of many of the labouring poor in England, as
can be abundantly testified ; and I feel no reluctance in stating that
many of them have much harder labour. and enjoy fewer comforts,
than the generality of slaves in Jamaica."
In the Appendix the Wesleyan Missionaries are, we
think, fully exculpated from the charge of circulating doc-
trines calculated to produce insubordination among the
slaves, and of secretly employing irregular means to effect
their emancipation. Their efforts are calculated to aid the
general progress of civilization; and we do not see what
interest they could have in any attempt to stir up a revolt,
of which the chance would he that they would themselves
be the first victims.

His Majesty, we are sorry to learn, has experienced a
slight attack of the gout.
Yesterday afternoon, at four o'clock. the Duke cf York
held a levee, as Commander in Chief, at his Office in the
Horse Guards,which was attend►d by between forty and fifty
military officers, amongst whom were Lieutenant-Generala
Sir Thomas Hislop and Skinner, Major-Generals Sir Sidney
Buckworth, Douglas, Darling, and Montreson. The
levee lasted about an hour, there not being any of the offi-
cers presented to his Royal Highness on any important
business.

The Princess Sophia paid a visit to the King yesterday.
The Right Honourable C. Wynn, and P. Cottrtenay,
Esq. transacted business yesterday morning at the India
Board.
A Board of the Louis of the Treasury was heki at the
Treasury Chambers yesterday.
Yesterday the Lord Mayor transacted business at the
Secretary of State's Office for the Home De-partment.
The Earl and Countess of Liverpool came to town on
Monday morning, from Coombe Wood. The Noble Earl
gave a Cabinet dinner to the Cabinet Ministers yesterday.
Mr. Kemble has given permission to Miss 'free, Miss
Hammersley, and Miss Love, to sing at the Choral Fund
Concert on Monday next.
C/ILLTENIIAM, Jsx. 22.—Amongst the late arrivals
are the Earl and Countess of Liverpool, Lady Henry
Spencer Churchill, Lady Georgians Grenfell, Honourable
Somers Cocks, Sir T. and Lady Phillips. Sir H. and Lady
Craven, Colonel HaiHie and family, / Colonel and Mrs.!
Knight, Rev. Dr. and the Misses StovM, &c.
NEW UNIVERSITY.—In consequence of the overflow of
students at both our Universities, it is in contemplation to
found a third University in the neighbourhood of York,
towards which the venerable and excellent Earl Fitzwil-
liam has promised to subscribe fifty thousand pounds.-
310 en jug Paper.
We are happy to hear that the subscriptions and collec-
tions for the unfortunate sufferers in Gosforth coal-pit, at
Middleton, amounts to Son/. and that a considerable in-
crease is yet expected. Another boy died in our Infirmary
on Wednesday, bring the twenty-fifth victim to this me-
lancholy accident. From the evidence at the inquest, it
appears to be the opinion of those most conre-sant with
such matters, that this disastrous event originated through
negligence on the part of some of the millers, but the fact
as to whom it is attributable is lost in utter oblivion, u
it is probable that dime (whoever they were that were
guilty of such folly) arc numbered with the dead. The
pit is still kept eloied, though two bodies vet remain in it,
till the heat shall have been allayed by the exclusion of
atmospheric air.—Leeds &Het.
