NEWICK, SUS:4EX.

By VERRALL and SON, in Two Lone,
At the Old Ship Tavern, Brighton, on THURSDAY, the Ist day
of July next, at IS o'clock,
L
VERY DESIRABLE ESTATE, partly Freehold
.Ll. and partly Copyhold, lying within a Ring Fence.
Lot I. A FAMILY RESIDENCE, called BEECHLANDS.
with coach-house, stabling, and offices; pleasure grounds and
gardens, and nearly Forty Acres of excellent Land, well 'cook&
The House is situate on an eminence, with an avenue of trees in
front, overlooking a beautiful extent of landscape, with excellent
water, good roads, and genteel society, and in the midst of shout-
ing and field sports, near the village of Newick, four wiles from
31aresfield and Uckfield, seven from Lewes, fifteen from Brighton,
and forty-one from London.
Lot 2. A FARM HOUSE with requisite barns, yards, and
buildings, and One Hundred and Ten Acres of good arable,
meadow pasture, and woodland. nearly adjoining Lot I.
Printed particulars (with plans of the Estate annexed) may be
had at the Old'Ship Tavern, Brighton; Steyne Hotel, Worthing
Swan Inn, Hastings; at the Auction iilart, London; and of the
Auctior.rers, at braes; and further particulars may be known on
application to Mr. Greene, Solicitor, 3a, Grand Parade, Brighton ;
or to Mr. Suwton, Solicitor, Oray's lorl, London.

FRIERN BARNET and FINCHLEY,
In the County of Middlesex, within Eight Miles of London.
By Mr. BURTON,
THIS DAY, at the Auction Mart, near the Bank of England, at
Twelve o'Clock (unless previously disposed of by Private Con-
' tract), in six Lots,
9111 E FOLLOWING FREEHOLD ESTATES:—
1_ Lot 1. The capital FREEHOLD MANSION-110USE,
called the EMERY, with extensive Pleasure•grounds and Gar-
dens (calculated fora family of distinction), situate in Friern Bar-
net ; ando2 Acres of Meadow and Arable Land in sur-
rounding the same, including a Bailiff's Cottage. The elegant
arid very appropriate FURNITURE may be had by valuation, if
desired.
Lot 2. The MANOR HOUSE, with suitable Offiees. in
Friem Barnet (adjoining Lot 1), with certain Manorial Rights
and Quit Rents, and 26 Acres of 'Pasture and Arable Land.
Lot. 3. FOUR PIECES of LAN!). in the parish of Eriem
Barnet (opposite the preceding lots), called Conduit Field. Ilyther
Tyler*, Further Tyler, and Damson Grove Fields, containing to-
gether, 311 a. 3Zia. This lot, and Lot 1, have Frontages a seve-
ral hundred feet on the high road leading front the admired village
of Colney Hatch to Whetstone.
Lot 4. FOUR PIECES of LAND, adjoining hot 3, called
Church Field, Five Acres, Lane Field, Church Woud Field, and
Church Field. containing together, 455. 3a. :re.
Lot & A PIECE of WOOD LA NR,iitsige in Black Hone-1
are, in the parish of Friern Barnet, called Little Eriern Park
Wood. containing ItlA. 2a. 10r. : and TWO PIECES of
ARABLE LAND, called Hungerdown, or Clover Field, and
Ploughed Field, containing tngcher Ma. 2a. 33r. This Lot
adjoiris Lots 3 and 4.
Lot 6. TWO PIECES of LAND, in the parish of Finchky,
on the high North Read, opposite :he eighth mile stone, called
New Allotment and Little Ilogman's Hemel, containing together
9a. la. 12r. This lot has a Frontage of 31)0 feet, and abuts
upon Lot 1.
The Land-tax on all the lots is redeemed, and the Lands in
Friern Barnet are exempt films Tithes, so long as they remain in
the hands and manurance of the owner.

The lands in Finchley are anklet to a modus of 2d. per acre, in
lieu of great tithes.

This day is published, in royal 13mo. price lfia. a New 17.4;.,:0rt ot
lIAKSI9 pHAVATIC WORKS. complete
kJ in one pocket volume, from the Text ofJohrron and Steevens%
with Nixes, and a fine Portrait, by Finden.
Published by Black, Voting, sod Young, Foreign and Ere:lt\
Booksellers, Tavistock*teet, Covent-madden.

This day is published. in one volume Rya., price 7s. In boards, '
THE I)IFFICULTIgS OR INVIDZLITI",
By the Rev. 0. 8. FABER, B.D.
Rector of Long Negros).
Printed for C. and J. Rivingtoa, 62, St. Paul's Church-yard,
and 3, Waterloo.p:ace„ Pall-null.

This day. price Ice. iid.
THE COLLECTIY& WASDOM ; or, Sights and(
Sketches in the Chapel of St- Sierbett•
The Cuts by Cru,kshank, tbs. Descriptions by a Member of thg
U puionßeaches.
: Printed foe Knight and Lacey, Paternoster-KM, ins 4
sold by ail Booksellers.

CAPE Or GOOD HOPE
This day is published, in 12mo. price 4s. in bands,
SME ACCOUNT of the PRESENT STATE
.4
the ENGLISH SETTLERS in ALBANY, SOCTE;
AFRICA.

By THOMAS PRINQL.E.
Printed for Thomas and George Undawoosl, 311, Floet-street
A Oliver and Boyd, FAinburgh.'

This day is published, with a Frontispiece, price Ss. s New
Edition of

BIOGR:VriIICAL MEMOIRS OF EXTRAORDII
NARY PAINTERS.
110, ;Mk* Ws. Oa. with a Erontlgixe, dalieed by Write;
&la eVaved by W 45, VATHEK.
Mr. RECKFORD.
Printed for aara Clarke, New ond-street.

CONTINENTAL TOUR.

This dal ispu 1L ls.
oEarf:,
IV through P ,Historical
FRANCE, Ttws
ITALY ; in the Years 1821 and 1C;22. Including a Sunirnarx
Histoirof the Prilldral Cities, and 'finite most memorable Revo-
lutions, a desMiption' of the famed Edißees and Works of Art
ancient as well on modern; with an Amount of some of the mosi
striking Classic Fictions, Ceremonies, ,Ite.
Landon ; Printed for Raldnin, C 5114054, and Joy.

This day is publishatl., price 1/. Is. Past XIL of
TENCYCLOPtEDIA • 11MTROPPLITANA;
1 or, Universal Dictionary of Knowledge, on an 'ariginid plan,
comprising the two-fold advantage of a Phiknophical and an All
phabetical Arrangement. To be completed in 24 volume*.
Contents :—I. Pure Scienccs—lthetoric. 11. Mixed and ap-
plied sciences--Completion of Magnetism, Electiro-v!latconetiani,
Electricity. 111. Historical and Biographical Di
Julius Came. Part 111. IV. Miscellaneous INvision--Englisits
bexicess, CAP, CHI, including Card, Carnatic„ Carolina, Caste,
Castile, Castle, Catacombs, Catechism, Goyim?, Chtllsai
Chamberlain, Chess, Chili.
*.• A few copies are printed on superfine royal paper, witli
proof impressions of the plates, price IL Ns. In boards.
Printed for J. Mawnian ; C. and J. Airington ; Baldwin. Crai
dock and Joy ; Sherwood, Jones, and Co.; D. and W. B. Whit-
taker ; and J. Duncan, London ; J. Parker, Oxford ; and Deigh.
ton and Sons, Cambridge, and may be had of all Booksellers in tits
ii ited Kingdom.

A"' DICTIONARY ITALIAN and ENGLISIJI
ENGLISH and ITALIAN, in two volumes Pm.
By Mr.& E. PET RONJ and Ilr. i. DAVENPORT,
Is just published. The first volume alone contains npwirds or
fifteen thousand words niore than the corresponding part of
Bareui's Dictionary, which, although professedly compiled from
that of the Della Cruses, doiliant contain ail the words foand even
in that Vocabulary. This imperfection was rendered dill more
eeriest', by the subsequent appearance of the copious Dictionary of
Alberti, which included several thousand words more than ant
other lexicographical work of the Italian language. The meage.
nein and poverty of paretti's compilation thus became so apparent,
that nothing but the mint of a superior work of the kind could have
ensured it so large a share of public patronage. In the Dictionary
now putQshed by Mr. Petionj, will be found, not only all the
words contained in the Della true ca and Alberti, with their equi,
relents in French and English, but also many new once of recent
introduction into the language, together pith the philological re.
marks of Monti, one of the roost celebrated Italian cities. Mr. P.
also for the first time, ha. marked the exact pronunciation of every
Italian word. the irregularities of verbs, the doubtful plurals of
nouns, dx. Mr. Davenport has rendered the 2d volume, which aloe
coateins many thousand words more than are to be found in Itareci;
particularly useful to Foreigners, by
.marking the accutiodion of
every English word, and by the addition of a Synopsis of English
Grammar, founded upon theirinciplw; of the best modern Gram-
marians. An impartial public will readily ptrccive and appreciate
the decided sit penority of the present work over its predecessor. and
the great advantages which it affords to all who are desirous of per-
fecting themselves in the harmonious language of Italy.
To be had of Treuttel, Wirt:, and C. 0., and Dulau and Co.,
Soho-square; Boosey, Browl-greet; of the other principal Peck.
sellers; and of the Author, Mr. Petronj, 33, Howland-streets
Fitzroy-square,

MUSIC IN CHARLES THE SECOND.
/SHE TWO BALLADS gong by Miss M. TREE
In the COMEDY of CHARLES' kr. SECOND : --•• Oh!
then I think on thee, dear Love ;" and Not in the Pictured
Halls." Price Is. M. each. And the Duet sung by Miss M. Tree
and Mr. Duruset, •• Love ene Day," rice 4a. lid. Composed by
HENRY R. BISHOP. arc nublished by GOULDING, I.PAL-
MAINE, and CO., No. TO, Soho.siqunre.
N.B. A large assortment of Cabinet and Square PIAN9It
FO RT LIS, by the most eminent Makers, foe Sale or Hire.
E W

V OC A L M U S I C.-" 1
it, THOMAS MOORE,
Sir JoliN STEVENSON. 31US. pw., art]
HENR) 11. BISHOP. s. d,
The Second Number of Sacred Songs, by Thomas Moore,
Esq. and Sir John Stevenson. Al us. Hoc. - 1
I II
My Heart and Lute, Ballad by Thomas Moore, Esq. 2
The Ent IfThJian, ditto ditto • 2
The Pretty Rose Tree, Duet ditto -
The young Muleteers of Grenade, Glee, Three Voices,
ditto - - -
Edwin and Ellen. Canzonet, by Sir John SteTellSOD -
Hence. faithless Hope, ditto ditto . -
Hushed are the Waves, ditto ditto -
How song wilt thou forget me, Lord • Sacred Song'
Illy ! how happy sax the time, Duet. ditto
The Maid's Remonstrance, Ballad, by henry
Reconcilement, ditto co
Mirk ye to her ditto
Star that briagest home the Ike, ditto
°My boat is on the shore ditto
Absence di.
0. lovely is the summer morn,
Scenes of my childhood
The Broken Heart
Go. beautiful and gentle 0
Bowles, with Symp'
Henry R. Bishop,
Published by J.
• Written and r

;r

~►
,~

it

P-IRLIAMENTART INTELIGEXCE.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, Tiwa9DAY, MAY 27.

THE LATE MR. SMITH.
Mr. P. MOORE presented • petition from Coventry, praying
f.'r an inquiry into the recent transactions at Demerara connected
with the late Mr. Smith.
Similar petitions were presented by Mr. Herlihy, from Preston;
by Mr. Windham, from Salisbury; by Mr. Davenport, from Stms
ford ; by Mr. Sawley, from Birmtngham, Warwick, and Stratford-
upon-Avon; by Mr. Warre, from-Taunton ; by lewd Ebrington,
from Tavistock by Mr. Corbel, from Shrewsbury ; by Mr.
Downey, from Stirling; by Mr. Denison, front Kingston-upon-
Thames, Thames Dimon and Tooting, in the county of Surrey,
and another from Gains:borough ; by Mr. Sykes, from Barton.
sipoo-Humber ; by Lord Milton, from Sheffield, another from
Peekbeld, another from Utley, another from Burfield, another front
thwitley, in the West Riding, and another from Heckem White;
ty Mr. Kirwan, from Whitehaven, in Cumberland, and another
train Workington by Mr. H. Davis, from Bristol ;by Lord Al-
thorp, from Kettering ; by Lord Stanley, from Bolton, and another
from Blackburn ; by Mr. Denim,. from Nottingham, and another
Eyrie Sutton-in-Ashby, and another from Braintree: by Mr. D.
Hilbert, from Boddington ; by Mr. C. Pelham, from (Nwestry ;
by Lord Clifden, from Gravesend ; and by Mr. Benett, front seve-
ral parishes in Wiltshire.—The petitions were laid on the table.
The SPEAKER observed, that it might be desirable to know
at what time the private business should terminate. In future the
hour should be half-put four ; and it should be understood, that if
any Member who had inserted his name were not prevent to answer
when he was celled upon, the business for which he had been called
was not to ensue on that day.
NEGRO SLAVERY.
Mr. BUTTERWORTH presented a petition from Gillingham,
praying br the abolition of negro slavery.
A similar petition was presented by Mr. M. DAWSON, from
Uonnwl.
Laid on the table.
BEER BILL.
Mr. WARRE presented a petition from the innkeepers and
li-
tensed victuallers of Telford, in Somerset, against the Beer Bill.
A similar petition was presented by Mr. I)ENISON from
those of Arden.
Laid on the table.
HIDES AND SKINS.
Sir E. KERRISON presented • petition from the corners and
tanners of H peke. against the Hides acrd Skins Bin..
Similar petitions were presented by Mr. HUME from the tanners
of Stonemarket.
file HUME asked when the Hon. Gentleman opposite Uncoiled
to bring forward his measure on this subject.
Mr. LL'Sil I NGTON stated that the evidence taken before the
tiorainittee was not yet ready.
The petitions were laid on the table.
Mr. CV RTEIS presented a petition from the butchers of Lew-
isham, in favour of the Hides and Skine Bill.
Mr. P. GRENFELL presented • petition from the Royal Ex- !
changitCompany, praying to be heard by Counsel against the Bill ;
fir 'preventing Companies from insuring ships.—Laid on the rabic.
Mr. BL'XTON presented a petition from the operative silk
weavers of the City of London, against the Spitallields Act.—Laid
on the table.
Sir J. NEWPORT presented a petition from the tanners of
Waterford, against the extension of the English Leather Duties to
Ireland.
Mr. F. LEWIS thought it would he reasonable to tlaceehe same
duty on the leather of Ireland as the leather in England pays,
and to collect it in the sine manner.
Laid on the table.
Sir M. RIDLEY presented a petition from Newcastle.on-'lame,
against the Monopoly of the Sea Insurance Company.—Laid on the
table.
Lord NUGENT presented a petition from two parishes in Buck-
ingham, against the duties on lather.—Laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANNING presented a petition from the underwriters at
Voyd's„ praying to be heard by Counsel against the Marine In-
surance Bill.
Mr. ELLIS would not oppose the prayer of the petition, but he
thought it would be an endeavour to continue a most unconstitu-
liunal measure.
Mr. MANNING made a few observations in support of the
petition.
Mr. GRENFELL said, that he did not think the charters which
protected the underwriters at Lloyd's ought to be infringed upon
without compensation.
Alderman Tli Ohl PSON thought, that if the Marine Bill passed,
It wmtld be creating a greater monopoly than any he knew.
Laid on the table.
Lord CLIFDEN, on the part of Mr. Brownlow, postponed his
merlon flambe to the Catholic Association, to Monday next.
Lord ALTHORP rose to present the following Petition :
" 'Po the Honourable the Commons of the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled.
•• The humble Petition of Edward Blount, of Bella-
more, in the county of Stafford, and of Bryan-
stone-square, in the parish of St. Vary-la-bonne, in
the County of Middlesex, Esq. a person professing
' the 'Roman Catholic Religion,
Sheweih—That your Petitioner believes he is performing a
duty he owes to society in general, and to the members of the Ito.
mar Catholic religion, to which he belongs, in thusintlividually
prvesinieg to approach your Honourable House, to pray tor protec-
tion against insult, calumny, and injustice.
" lie begs humbly to 'ohm', to your Honourable House the
following tarts, which he is prepared to verify on oath, or by in.
disputable evidence if he be permitted to doso.
That the Rev. John Ikll, late curate in the vicinity of your
Petitioner's residence in Staffordshire, a Clergymen' of the estah-
fished church, has industriously circulated in considerable numbers,
beyond the precincts of his own parish, and with verbal protesta-
tions of the truth of their contents,various small tracts, replete with
the grossest untruths and misrepresentations of the tenets of that
religion which your Petitioner professes, and that not content with
calumniating his religious principles, he has proceeded to deny his
loyalty to his country, by the circulation of a work intituled—.l
Protestant Catechism. Amino the principal errors of the Chard,
4f Rome, in which are imputed to the members of that faith prin-
ciples subversive of all civil society, and wholly inconsistent with
the allegiance which your Petitioner has sworn to his Sovereign,
mid witltthe attachment he feels for the institutions of his country.

" That the above publications, which your Petitioner resumes
to lay at the bar of your Honourable House, after asserting that
the Roman Catholics who were stigmatised as Papists, consider all
Protestants as heretics (a brow untruth) proceeds to inquire—` In
that manner do the Papists treat those whom they call heretics ?
Answer—They hold that faith is not to be kept with heretics, but
that they should be persecuted and destroyed, and that the Pope
can absolve subjects from theft' oath of allegiance to Protestant

Princes.'
•• Your petitioner presumes particularly to call the attention of
your Honourable Hearse to the fact, that the work he submits to
your notice, end, he confidently anticipates, to your indh,mation, was
tiro published by order of the incorporated society in Dublin for
promoting English Protestant-schools in Ireland ; that it was with-
drawn from circidation there in 1308, as being liable to exception,
as is in the knowledge of many members of your Honourable
House ; that in 1030, that is, twelve years after its expulsion from
Ireland, it has been again reprinted in London fur circulation here
by the Society
.for Promoting Christian Knowledge, and has been
industriously circulated by the above described Rev. John Bell.
" Your petitioner begs to assure your 'lmmutable House that it is
with unfeigned regret he feels calledoo, in his oven defence, tmpoint
to the attention of your Honourable House practice' scenes thine—
practices discreditable to the Ministers of every faith, who, instead
of labouring in the held of Christian charity to root out anelquated
prejudice's from uncultivated minds, would sent as If they were
mislesltsy fanaticism, or by. mistaken zeal, to cheKsb religious ani-
mosity and confirm tomistaitalde impressions.
" 1 oar petitioner begs leave to add, that he has farther
and pendia, grounds of personal complaint, those cruel charges
aosinst his loyalty having been profusely circulated by the above.
ranted Reverend 'John Bell, in the cottages and dwellings of the
labouring poor in your petitioner's vicinity, thus tending to lower
and degrade him in the eyes of his neighbours, and to destroy those
feelings of good will, and that good opinion of him srhielt it has
been the object of his life to deserve ; and your .petitioner feels not
only justified, but loudly called on, to pour the expression of his
insultad feelings into the bosom of the legialature Of his country,
and to appeal to themforjustioe anti protection.
He trusts it is oneseeesesty for him to amine your Honourable
House, that in adhering to the faith of his fathers, he disclaims
every precept, tenet, or practice, inconsistent with the purest at-
tachment to the laws and liberties of his country. He begs to 1
recal us the recollection of your Honourable House, that in the'
year 1793, .lr. Pitt, to remove those prejudices from the public
mind, a hich he himself was too enlightened to entertain, sent to
tie principal Catholic Universities on the Continent, for answers to
the quccits,—Whether or not these noxious tenets were held by
Cad:Airs ? That each Cnitensity, six in number, namely, Paris,
Douai, IAIIIIIIIIC, Aka's, Salamanca, and Valladolid, answered
tkpanimously—
" • I. That the Pore, or Cardinals, or any body of men, or
any individual of the Church of Rome. has not any civil authority,
power, jurisdiction, or preeminence whatsoever, within the realm
of England.
" • L. That the Pope or Cardinals, or any body of men, or any
individual of the Church of Rome, cannot absolve or dispense
with his Majesty's subjects from their Oath of Allegiance, upon
any pretext whatsoever.
•• ' 3. That there is no principle in the tenets of the Catholic
faith, by which Catholics are justified in not keeping faith with
heretics, or other persons differing from them in religious opinions,
in any transactions, either of a public or a private nature.'
" That some of them express perfect astor,isinent that such goes-
&LAM should be proposed to them by a nation that glories in her
learning and discernment.
" That these answers were considered so satisfactory, that a Bill
was in consequence be ght into your I lonourable I louse, and was
passed into a law.. relieving your Roman Catholic fellow-subjects
Isom manylgrievous and debasing penal statutes, in consideration
of their taking a prescribed oath and declaration abjuring the tenets
now.imputed to them by the Rev. John Bell, and by the Society
for Promoting Christian knowleslg
" That your p.itititror has taken, in his Majesty's Courts at
Westminster, the Oath and Declaration prescribed by the British
Parliament, of the 31st of his late Majesty, and which oath he
begs to be permitted here to recite.
" ' 1, E. B. do hereby declare that I mortis the Boman Cathohc
•• • I, E. B. do sincerely promise and swear that I will be faith-
ful, and bear true alley:attire to his Ifajesty King lieurge the
Third, and him will defend to the utmost of my power. against
all conspiracies and attempts whatsoever that shall le made against

his person, crown, er dignity; and T will do 'my utmost endeavour
to disclose and make known to his Majesty, his heirs and sue.
tenors, all treasons and traitorous conspiracies which may be
formed against him or them. And Ido faithfully promise to
;maintain, support and defend. to the utmost of my power, the
Succession of the Crown, which Succession. by an Art intituled—
' An Act for the further limitation of the Crown, and better Se-
curing the rights and liberties of the subject,' is, and stands limited
to the Princess Sophia. Electrets and Duchess Dowager of Ilanover,
' and the heirs of her body, being Protestants, hereby utterly re-
nouncing and abjuring any obedience or allegiance mon any other
person claiming or pretending .a right to the Crown of these realms.
And I do swear, that I do reject and detest, as an unchristian and
impious position, that it is lawful to murder or destroy any person
or persona whatsoever, for or under pretence of their being heretics
or Infidels ; and also, that unchristian and impious principle, that
faith is not to be kept with heretics or infidels. And I further de-
clare, that it is not an article of my faith, and that I do renounce,
reject, and abjure the opinion, that Princes, excommunicated by
the Pope and Council, or any authority of the See of Rome, or by
any authority whatsoever, may he deposed or murdered by their
sub.jects, or any person whatsoever ; and I do promise, that I will
not hold, maintain, or abet any such opinion, or any other opinions,
contrary to what is expressed in this declaration. And I do declare,
that I do not believe that the Pope of Home, or any other foreign
Prince, Prelate, State, or Potentate, bath. or ought to have, any
temporal or civil jurisdiction, power, superiority. or pre-eminence,
directly or indirectly, within this realm. And Ido solemnly, in
the presence of God, profess, testify, and declare, that I do make
this declaration, and every part thereof, in the plain and ordinary
sense of the words of this oath, without any evasion. equivocation,
or mental reservation whatever, and without any dispensation al-
ready granted by the Pope, or any authority of the See of Rome,
or any person whatever, and without thinking that I am, or can be,
acquitted before God or man, or absolved of this declaration, or any
part thereof, although the Pope, or any other person or authority
whatsoever, shall dispense with or anuul the same, or declare that
It was null or void. ' So help me God.'
" Your petitioner begs leave to assure your II onourable Heine,
that he is influenced by no vindictive feelings, nor does he ask for
pendl enactments to restrain his calumniators ; that he respects the
freedom of opinion too sincerely to desire it; that he merely Tepee.
} onus to your Honourable House, that the obnoxious opinions im.
Muted to him he has publicly disavowed; that the disavowal has
been ratified by the solemn sanction of an oath, and accepted by
the Legislature of his country ; suit that he hopes he does not pre-
sume too far on the indulgence of your Honourable House, in
praying that you will, in your justice, protect him, by the expres.
stun of your strong displeasure, from the consequences of the con-
duct of persons who have so tar forgotten what they owe to Chris-
tian charity, to truth, and to justice, as in no measured terms to
impute disloyal and anti-social principles to those who, by majo-
rities of your Honourable (louse, have been declared worthy of
being reinstated in the full enjoyment of their constitutional
rights."
The Noble Lord hoped that the Members of the House of Com-
mons would express the strongest feelings of disapprobation against
, iurh attempts as those to which he had alluded in the case of the
petitioser. Neither Mr. Blount. nor any other Catholic, would
have any reason to complain of a Protestant clergyman who sought
to convince the people of the truth of his religion ; but a clergyman
had no right to impute to any Catholics those sentiments which he
did not feel, or those charges which he did not deserve. The act
was much worse, when sanctioned by a Society in this metropolis
*hid. ought toliave known better. Under such circumstances, he
(bord Althorp) thought there were just grounds of complaint,
and that the Hostile would do well to prevent such acts, which
could not fail to excite animosities.
Mr. PEEL, said, that as the petition related to a publication he
had never seen. and to an individual of whom he had never heard,
lie could of course say but little on the subject. But he would say,
that any publication tending to excite animosity. would meet with
his decided disapprobation. Ile certainly recollected, that about
twenty years ago, the Society alluded to did make use of souse Ca-
techism to which there were strong objections,
i and that they were
afterwards wisely and properly with. rawn front circulation. If
they had been since republished by another Society, he must con.
demo the publication of any work which had been abandonttl by
the former ; and if by a clergyman it had been distributed, it was
impossible that the act could meet with his approbation.
Mr. PHILLIPS said, that he could not suffer the petition to be
laid on the table without addressing a few words to the House on
the subjeet of it. He knew the petitioner to be a most amiable
man in private life, and he thought it a scandal that he should be
made the object of calumny and slander, by disseminating in his
own neighbourhood, that he was the possessor of the principles and
tenets ascribed to him in those tracts, after his having denied them
on oath It tended to keep alive a moat unchristian spirit, and he
believed that it might be attributed to a society to which, he re-
gretted to say, many members who then' heard hint were sub-
scribers. Hut if any body of men continued-the circulation of such
slanders, he hoped they would be made to feel the consequences of
them. . _ . ... .. .. .

31r. CI'RWEN begged, as a member of the Guardian Society,
to disclaim all knowledge of the offensive publication complained
of. He did not think it possible that they could have emanated
from that Society.
Sir J. NEWPORT remarked, that the tracts bore evident
marks of the authority of the Society alluded to, and he thought i:
quite clear that they issued under its direction. The revival of
these publications was certainly extraordinary. because in 184)8 they
were withdrawn from circulation in Ireland, at the recommendation
of the tint Protestant Church authorities in that country, headed
by the Archbishops of Armagh and Dublin. This was a fact with
which this English Society ought to hare made itself acquainted
before it ventured on their republication.
Sir Y. BURDETT observed, that there could he no doubt as to
the quarter whence these tracts proceeded. He knew that a Ca.
tholte Society had sent to this Society some papers of their own,
evincing liberal feelings, and a desire of friendly communications.
The Catholic Society received in return a whole heap of virulent
publications, similar in their nature to the tracts complained of.
The petition was then ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELl.l('E having risen, pursuant to his notice, to move for
papers relative to the conduct of Sir W. Lumley as Governor of
Ilermudv,
Mr. W. HORTON rose for the purpose of requesting the Hon.
Metaber to postpone his motion, as he was not in possession of the
documents that would enable him to meet it.

Mr. HUAI: said, that he was not disposed to give the House
the trouble to wade through the mass of papers relative to the con-
duct of Sir Wm. Lumley then, but he felt that the question ought
to have come on last Session, and he took blame to himself for not
bringing it forward, as in the mean time Sir Wm. Lumley had
gone out to his Government. Now if the facts that he had to state
were correct, there was no posible way of qualifying Sir Wm. Lunt-
ley's conduct : if they were false they were easily denied. Ile would
not object, however, to postpone his motion.on an understanding that
the Right lion. Gentleman would be prepared with his information
so that he might be enabled to bring the subject forward before the
Whitsun holidays.
Mr. W. HORTON consented to this, and the motion was post-
poned.
RUTTER TRADE IN IRELAND.

Mr. T. WILSON moved for leave to bring in a Bill for the bet-
ter regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland.
After a few words from Mr. C. HUTCHINSON, Sir 11. PAU.
NELL, Sit J. NEWPORT, Mr. S. RICE, Mr. M. FITZGERALD,
and Mr. IlusalatiON, leave was given.
COMBINATION LAB'S.

H1.731E brought in a Bill for the repeal of the Combination
Laws.—ltoul a that time.
LICENSING SYSTEM.

..... —..--
, Mr. HUAIE said that he had a petition to present from a person
of the name of George Seymour, of the parish of St. l'eter.the.l.m,
in tha borough of Chichester, complaining of the conduct of three
of the Chichester Magistrates.
The CHANCELIA)R of the EXCHEQUER rose to order,
-observing that as the public business of the day had commenced it
could not be broken in upon by petitions.
Mr. 111.`31E observed that he had withheld this petition for four
days, at the request of the Right Ron. the flee-President of the
Board of 'trade, who had promised to be in his place when it
should come on ; as he, however, had forgotten that promise, he
trusted that he should nut now be prevented from presenting
it. (Cries of "go on.") Mr. Hume then stated that the Magi-
strates bad refused the petiti,mer a licence, without/assigning ally
reason. There were, it was true, 34 public-houses in Chichester,
not ewe of which was a free house, but they were all of them in the
hands of the brewers. His object was to estabEsh a free house and
to sell beer brewed by himself. Ile therefore prayed that an inves-
tigation might be made into the conduct of the Slagistrates. The
Ilem.tientleman stated further that he had written to the Magi-
strates, apprising them of his intention to present this retition.
Sir C. BURRELL defended the conduct of the Magistrates • he
remarked that he knew them personally, and that they were inde-
pendent of the influence of corrupt motives.
Mr. II I'ItiISSON and Mr. 3lonca made a few observations,
after which the petition WAS ordered to lie on the table and to be
printed.
COMMITMENTS 1W THE MAGISTRATES. _

Mr. lii;Mirfrose pursuant to his notice:;;;;eiiw- ; return of
the committals by the Magistrate% of the several police offices; he
had before stated the reasons why he thought thw the names of thcl
Magistrates should be included in the return, and he confessed that
' he saw very little weight in the arguments that had been used as',
to the impropriety of chewing up Magistrates who had devoted
their services gratuitously to the public. lie had heard that there
were gentlemen in different counties, denominated commit-
ting Magistrates, The meaning of which was, that if a person
were charged with an offence before any one of them, he was
sure to be committed for trial, owing to the very little attcn-
tkin bestowed on their cases by these gentlemen; mid he
thought that this was an abuse that required correction.
His abject was to obtain a correct return, and even the Right Hon.
Secretary himself had doubted the accuracy of the Newgate Ca-
lendar. Why he was particularly anxiousto call the attention of the
!louse to this circumstance was, that I 11l persons were committed,
bills wire found but for 611, anti of these all only were convicted.
Ily one Magistrate in Surrey it appeared in from Union Ball were
committed, and bills flaind against 39.
Mr. Secretary PEEL —Committed in execution?
Mr. HUM I..—Perhaps so. Hut they heard so much of prison
discipline in these times, that they ought not to neglect the mischief
which ensued from such inconsiderate convictions. They had heard
that crime was on the decrease; but taking two periods of seven
years, from 1000 to 11194, there were committed for trial 47,101
persons ; and in the year ending 11123, for that seven years, 9:1,000
were committed ; and when they looked at the number acquitted,
it became a question of the utmost importance whether some other
mode could not be devised to prevent such numbers frofn the con-
tamination of a prison. In London and Middlesex the proportion
was nearly the same. The number was about 39 per cent. between
tho numbers sent to prison and that tried. Looking to the te-
sults of these trials, it was impossible not to regard the numbers
of persons sentential to death, of which number 12 in every 100

were executed. lie thought they were called on in a special man. '1
ner to produce the names of Magistrates committing,. re.
gar.' to the number, they had the number already but the names
of the Magistrates they ought to have. lie understood, that
in Scotland the number corvicted came much nearer to the number
imprisoned than in this city,
which arose from the peculiar care and
watchfulness of the Magistrates. lie should wish in this case to have
the investigation extended to Ireland and Scotland. lie should
thereinto move for the number of persons committed for trial in
England and Wales, for the years 11122 and 111-23, distinguishing
thoss committed by summary process. and those for trial at the i ,
Andrea, sliewing the name of the Magistrate signing the Lint"
Mr. Secretary PEEL said he was not prepared for so enlarged a•
motion as the present. The returns the Ilion. Gentleman had pro- I
cured were perfectly fallacious. Some of the prisons retired to
contained only those committed by summary process.
alr. HUME—That is not my fault.
Mr. Secretary PEEL—No; no suds distinction was made, and
therefor. un conclusion could be drawn from such erroneous re•
turns. ? e return was now merely calculated to mislead. The
lionouraale dumber, when he moved this subject, stated, that
between London and Middlesex the proportion or committals was
quite obvious, and this seemed to him a pinta jiwie for inquiry.
lie had no objection to his amending that return, but before any
other step could be taken, his motion ought to be for the amend- ,
ment of his return. lie could not consent on any terms to
the motion of the Honourable Gentleman, for it was clearly a eri- ,
urinating motion. (Hear.) The Horourable Member had stated,
that in every county there were men called " committing Magis-
trate.." He denied the fact. But it; while some Magistrates were
absent from the county, the other Magistrate!. neglected
their duty, by refused to commit, then indeed they were cri-
minal. The Honourable Member hail referred, on a former occa-
sion, to three respectable Magistrates of Police, Mr. Allen, Mr.
Dyer, and Mr. Swabey ; he had seen Mr. Allen on the subject, and
he *hewed him, upon the clearest evidence, that in many cases
where the Magistrate committed, the Grand Jury afterwards could
not act otherwise than ignore the bill. In many cases it happened
that compromise took place when passion cooled. Unless every
case was accompanied with a detail of facts, it was impossible to
judge of the conduct of the Magistrate. It was on these grounds
he should resist the present motion.
Alt. DENMAN admitted that the returns were not satisfactory.
In order to come at any conclusion the returns should have been
made in the way stated by the Secretary of State. Ile confessed he
thought that the motion should embrace the number committed on
summary process. He agreed with the Right lion. Secretary
that the Magistracy were entitled to the gratitude of the country.
They sometimes abused these powers, and therefore they ought to
be liable to the opinion of the House. The proportion between the
number committed and convicted was, he admitted, vague, and
proved 'rattling against the Magistrate. He must say that his
Honourable Friend had stated a moat appalling tact as to the num-
bers convicted for the last and the preceeding five years. The
question requiring the name of the Magistrate was one that deserved
to be deeply considered before he insisted on putting it forwari.
Sir E. is NATt'HBULL said, that generally there was no mis-
conduct attributable to the Magistracy of England; where there was
No great a number it was quite clear that some must err through
ignorance and some through inefficiency.
Mr. H. SUMNER said, unless the commitment could be ac-
companied by the circumstances in which the committal originated'
he could not agree to the motion.
Mr. CI7RII EN did not conceive that the object of the present
motion was to cast any stigma on Magistrates.
Lord STANLEY conceived, that when a charge of " commit.
ting Magistrates" was mule by the Hon. Mover, he ought to go
further, and name the counties in which they were to be found.
Ile differed therefore from the Honourable Member for Cumber-
land, and conceived that the motion had a tendency to reflect on
the Magistracy.
Mr. DENMAN explained.
After a few words from Sir C. BURRELL, Mr. DICKENSON,
Mr. LocellAßT, and Mr. Alderman WOOD, . .

Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that if the lion. Mover would select
one case in which a person had been committed without subse-
quent prosecution, he would not object to the productian of the
documents.
Mr. HC.IIE said, that his object WAS to avoid individual charges.
As to the objection that his motion was an imputation on the Ma.
gistracy generally, he would answer it only by observing, that the
House passel laws against robbery, and no one opposed them on
the ground that they were libels on the population generally. He
hoped, therefore, the House would not resist his motion, for laying
on the table a statement of the commitments by Magistrates, dis-
tinguishing those by summary proems in execution, and those for
trial. If, however, the Hight lion. Secretary (Mr. Peel) would pro-
duce the return he had promised, he (Mr. Hume) would not press
his motion.

DAIVSON made sonic observations, which were, to us, in-
audible.

3lr. 111'31E said, he would then withdraw his motion.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that after what had taken place, he
felt that the House ought to negative the motion.
The House then divided.

For the Motion, 8.1 Against it, 81 I Majority, 73.

On our return to the
IIUSIE was addressing the House. He said, the whole
conduct of the 31agistrates created a suspicion as to the discharge
of their duties. No sooner was a return moved for than all the
country Gentlemen were in arms; and, without regard to distinc-
tions of party, the esprit de corps stilled all inquiry into their ma-
gisterial conduct. Such a victory as they had now gained he had
no objection to their enjoying. He moved, in conclusion, that there
he laid before the House a return of the number of persons com-
mitted in Ireland, during the year 1823; distinguishing those on
summary process in execution, and those for trial, excepting such
as had been committed under the Insurrection Act.

31r. Secretary PEEL denied that he had asked the Hon. Gen-
tleman to withdraw his motion. Every argument he had used was
in opposition to it; but when the Hon. Gentleman stater: that he
would withdraw it to bring
.it forward again, be (Mr. Peel) telt it
his duty at once to negative it.
11r. CI'HAVEN said, he had 'coed against the motion, because
no thundation had been laid for it. He denied that the country
Gentlemen in that House acted in a body. Such an assertion was
a caluently on the 3lagistracy of England.
Mr. h. PALAIEH chimed, that if all the Magistrates dis-
charged their duty impartially they must be desirous of inquiry.
He was sorry for the decision of the House on the last motion. lie
had certainly understood that the Hight Honourable Secretary
had promised, if the motion was withdrawn, to bring forward an
amendment. .

....
Mr. Secretary PEEL said it would require some time to suggest
an amendment to the motion of the lion. Member for Aberdeen.
Mr. PENMAN took the liberty of remarking that the refusals
to suffer inquiry into the conduct of the magistracy seemed too sys-
tematic to advance that body much in public opinion. He had not
understood that permission was refused to withdraw his Honourable
Friend's motion, and he had left the House without the slightest
idea that a division would take place. Many lion. Members, he
knew, had been detained up stairs. He thought the soreness shown
by the magistracy was by no means likely to conciliate public
opinion in their layout. This triumph by a stolen march was
not calculated to raise them. It was said that no case was made
out. No cane could be made out against the whole body of the
magistracy. All his Hon. Friend (Mr. Hume) wanted the magis-
tracy to admit was, that they were human, and therefore liable to
do what they might afterwards repent of. In his opinion, if the
House wished to retain the confidence of the people, it was essen-
tial they should agree to this motion. He hoped his Hon. Friend
would not desist till he obtained an annual return of every commit-
ment iu every pert of the country, accompanied by the name of
the committing Magistrate, a general statement of the offence, and
' the nature of the commitment, whether for trial or on summary
process. It wan necessary to keep the magistracy in order. They
had been guilty of many acts of oppression, and in that House
alone they =old be brought to account.
Mr. 'IIVISS said the returns were moved for avowedly only to
lay a foundation the some possible contingent inquiry. The Ma-
gistrates shrunk from no proper investigation of their conduct, but
they dreaded to be exposed to the judgment of those not competent
to form an accurate opinion.
Sir W. 1)E CRKSPIONY said tke motion was a slur on the
Magistrates generally.
Alr. T. w lININ was of opinion that the motion was of a miss
chievous tendency. He protested against it, in the name of the
absent Magistrates.
Mr. 11011110 USE said, that Government never refused an in-
quiry as to their commitments and prosecutions. Why were the
' Magistrates assured of the return of their official labours? On
what principle could they refuse it° The object of his lion. Friend
was to ascertain the proportion between the commitments and pro-
secutions. If the Magistrates were now under a slur, the best mode
of 'coloring it would be by chewing they did not deserve it. Ile
did not think highly of the unpaid Magistracy. He would rather
there were more stipendiary Magistrates, who could be called to se-
count when they toi,eontlucted themselves. The present Magill.
trans were a sort of nondescript power. Whenever any clinic was
imputed to them, and an investigation called for. they manifested
too much of the nun me iangen disposition. Vet there had been
instances before the House in which arts of umpiestionaltle wrong,
had been proved. He wondered vity the lion. Member for the city
of London (Mr. T. 'Wilson) had volunteered his defence of the
country gentionen, for he considered that that lion. Gentleman
had as little to do with them as himself. (A laugh.) Ile certainly
had undermost the night lion. Secretary to state, that if the mo.
tion watt withdrawn he would give the papers required.
Mr. MONCK considered that inquiry was necessary.
Mr. C. PELHAM staid a few words, inaudible in the gallery.
•Mr. HUME replied. lie was surprised to see lion. lientlemen
running wild shout the character of the Magistracy of England.
If is present motion was respecting the Magistrates of Ireland. He
had never before heard of the doctrine that it was necessary to lay
a ground for the production of papers of this description. A Unit-
lar return had always been granted before, and he hoped the house
would agree to it now, as on all former occasions.
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw, and a division took

place.
For the motion, 34—Against it, 71—Majority, 37.
On our return to the gallery the rush of strangers was to great
that we were for mine minutes unable to hear a single syllable dis-
tinctly. During our abreact we understood that a second division
took place.
Ayes, 33—Noce, 75-3lajarity, 42.
PRIVATE BILLS.

Mr. 111711 E rose pursuant to notice, to submit a motion, having
for its object to prevent all persons having any direct pecuniary
intetest in Private Bills to be excluded from Committees upon
them. l'rivate Bills had of late years much increased, and he
thought, that in place of considering the matter of such Bills in
'nnimittees up stairs, they should be examined before the House.
Committees up.i.tairs were now matters of contract, and not of
justice. Members of Committees on l'rivate Bills, at least many
of them, only came in to vote, and that often without any know.'
leitoge of the subject. Until lately he had not attended Private

Committees, and therefore did rot mow the abuse& which pre-
vailed. 3lenihtrs of Committees should in some degree cni-
sider themselves as judges, not to be biassed the one way
or the other. What was the fact ? Why, that solicitors
sent letters to Members of Committees not to conie down and
attend the proceedings, but to come down at three o'clock and
give his vote as a matter of peraonal favour. If Members of
Committees could not be likened to Judges, they were like jurors;
and in many cases of ptivate Bills. many Alembers had often a
direct personal interest. In fact, a solicitor was heard to say, that
give him money, and he would defeat any Bill. If this occurred
in any one case, it was enough to justify him in bringing this sub.
ject before the notice of the House. The character of the Com-
mittens up stairs were very low indeed, and ought to be retrieved.
Few persons defended the system, and every one remarked upon
the difficulty attending any useful change. He himself thought there
was not so flinch difficulty in the matter; and he said, if the whole
system could not be imomved.a part of it might. In fact,reforro should
not be confined to Members of this House; the conduct of the clerks
—die amount of the fees---every branch of the system, required
amendment. Those abuses he knew were not sanctioned by the
House, for abuses he must call them. When Cominittees up
stairs were appointed, they were to act as a Committee of the whole
House would act; but it so happened that s very different system
, prevailed. In 1 laser s l'recedents he found many useful remarks on
, the subject and lie was very sorry to say they had too long re.
, maned a dead letter. In 104 there were precedents to show, that
persons having an interest in Private Bills were not allowed to
attend Committees upon them. 3lr. Seymour wan the ,!!ember to
whom he alluded, and all the officers of the Lord of Hertford, were
also ordered to go mit of the doors and not t vote. (Hear. hear.)
The Honourable Member proceeded to cite Kemal cases from
the Journals, for the purpose of .hewing that interested per-
sons were excluded from Committees on Private Bills. In 1j97,
the Speaker had decides!, in the Loyalty Loan case, that interested
persons should not be allowed a vote, An objection was taken to
the decision of the Speaker ; but it was ultimately admitted to be
founded in justice, and according to the rules and precedents
to be found in the Journals of the House. With respect to
the individuals compos.ng Private Committees, he did not
so much attach blame to them as to the system on which
they acted. On a late private Bill, there were sixteen Members
of Parliament who had each a very large interest in get-
ting it passed ; thisltill he would not now name, but he found, in
looking over the list, that each of these sixteen Members had direct
pecuniary interests in it, from one thousand pounds to one thousand
five hundred. Surely, then, no man would deny that such a system
should be put an end to. The Hon. Member then concluded by
moving in substance—" That it be a standing order of this House,
that no Member having any ditect pecuniary interest shall vote in
a Committee up stairs, as in Bills for Joint Stock Companies, Ca-
nals, or Bills to obtain an advantage or provide against a logs, the
practice to the contrary hitherto prevailing being contrary to prece-
dent and to the due administration of justice."
Mr. CANNING rose, but in his commencement spoke in so
low a tone of voice, that we could not distinctly hear him.
The Right lion. tient, thought it was a very difficult matter very
often to determine and ascertain where the particular interests of
Members on a Committee lay. Interests might exist and not be
detected ; and again, although these interests were apparent, it was
unfair to infer that the Bill would be improperly drawn up. For
his part, he would adopt the illustration of the conduct of the (louse
in contested elections, as indicative of the general rule by which
they were regulated on other occasions. In the case of the return
of a Member whose election was disputed, the House judged and
• decided from principles of justice and honour, and not from a re-
gard to party views. (Hear, hear.) This principle, therefore,
. already prevailed, and it was unneensary, by the Resolutions of the
• Hon. Member, to confirm it. Ile fully admitted all the principles
he advanced, but felt great difficulty as to the mode and practicabi-
lity of enforcing them. That evils existed he would not deny, but
those Resolutions only stated the evil., without supplying the re-
, medy ; they kft the House worse than it had been before; they
affirmed an undisputed proposition, but administered no light to
relieve than from the difficulties with which the maintenance
of it was accompanied. This was the mere record of a complaint,
: without the cure by which health and sanity were to be restored.
It was therefore, that, although agreeing with the Hon. Gentleman
as to the advantage and expediency of persons who vote upon Cont.
mittens to hear the evidence before them, yet he aas not disposed
at present to assent to his resolutions : they were unnecessary, be-
cause impracticable. If the Honourable Gentleman persisted in
his present motion, he would reluctantly conclude by moving the
; previous question. He would recommend him, however, to post.
. pone the consideration of the subject-matter they contained until
;1 the next Session of Parliament. (Hear, hear.)

Sir W. DE CRESPIONV, on thing (as we understood),
adverted to some expressions which had fallen from the Honourable
Member for Aberdeen, which he conceived to be personally appli-
cable to him.

3lr. HUME disclaimed the intention of any personal allusion
whatever to the lion. Member. _

Sir W. DE CRESPIGNY resumed, and remarked, that though
the most competent persons to serve on Committees of this kind
were those who were most acquainted with the particular subjects
they were called upon to discuss, nothing could be more ridiculous
than the mode that sometimes prevailed of fetching up 3lemhees
from other Committees to decide and vote on questions without bay-
ing heard a tittle of the evidence on which it should be founded.
Mr. S. woirri.cy agreed with his Right Hon. Friend (31r.
Canning) that the substance of the resolutions was already adopted
by the House, and that it was therefore unnecessary andsuperfluous
to superadd them.
Mr. I'.GRENFELL.thought the present system that existed
with regard to private Bills deserved no better epithet than that of
atrocious ; it was the very perversion of justice, a disgrace alike
to the House and to the country. If it were not too late after the
amentiment of the Right Honourable lientleman, lie would re-
commend his Honourable Friend, Mr. Hume, to withdraw his
present motion, ar.d to substitute a motion for a Select Committee
to inquire into what regulations might be advantageously intro.
dared into the mode of conducting Private Bills If obstacles were
, in the way they could he surmounted ; at least the attempt, for the
satisfaction of the country and the honour of the House was one
I that ought to be made. It was in vain to introduce a Bill on the
very firsttlay of the Session ; it' there was only sufficient money em-
ployed to oppose it, it might be deferred over to the ensu-
ing Session by means of delay of hearing counsel, &c. Fire
or six lawyers were frequently engaged ; one lawyer on one occa-
sion made a speech before one of these Committees for five
hours and a quarter; another for two hours and a half; and
thus irrelevant discussion was uselessly prolonged. On one
of those occasions the lawyer was stopped, for what he was speak-
ing about had as little teference to the matter before the Com-
mittee as if he were to read a page from Ilume's History.
(Hear, bear, and a laugh.) However, interruption was found to
produce very little good effect, and it turned out to be preferable to
give the most unqualified latitude to their discussions. Then there
was canvassing out of doors for votes. For his part he conseien-
doubly resisted such applications, and never gave a vote on a Bill
without having previously heard the evidence appertaining to it.
There was an anecdote told of Mr. Burke in a ease of this kind.
On being requested by a lady to vote on a particular occasion, to
serve some individual purpose or interest, Mr. Burke (who knew
nothing of the subject) replied, " I would be very happy to oblige
your ladyship, but my injustice is engaged on the opposite side."
It suggested itself to him that an oath should be taken, or wont of '
honour pledged, that the individual serving on the Committee had
no personal interest in the Bill on the Committee of which lie was
appointed a member. Ile concluded by repeating his recommenda-
tion of a Committee of Inquiry.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY thought that much of the abuse com-
plained of would be rectified by a strict attention to the standing
orders of the House in presenting petitions to introduce a Bill, sad
in regular attention to the various stages through which it was for-
warded in Parliament.

