FOREIGN INTELLIGEWCZ.

FROM THE ►RENCH HU DUTCH PAPERS.

-

?sags, nun. 26.
At eleven in the morning of the 24th, His Ma-
jesty the Emperor, being seated on his throne. re-
ceived a solemn deputation from the Legislative
Body, and another born the Ttibonate. Upon this
occasion, M. Fontanes, the President of the former
assembly, delivered the following interesting Ad-
dress:—

" e--The Legislative Body lays at the foot
of your Majesty's throne. the Address of Thanks, to
which they have unanimously agreed. It is offer-
ed, not so much to the Conqueror, as to the Pacifi-
cator of Europe. Let others, if possible, justly de-
scribe the wonders of your last campaign; the rapid
succession of triumphs by which a monarchy was
overthrown ; and the still more heroic firmness
which patiently knew how to wait for and prepare
the day of victory in the midst of so many impedi-
ment' thrown in the way by fortresses, troops, and
the inclemeneies of the season. Let them dire et our
attention to those soldiers, who, equally indefati-
gable as their Chiet, lay encamped with him six
months together, in the bleak fields of the North,
braving alike the frozen winters of Poland, and the
glowing summers of Syria. Finally, let them pic-
ture that state of continually threatened repose,
which was at length to terminate in a dreadful ex-
plosion ; and, above all, that decisive moment, pre-
viously announced by yourself, when these frozen
climes, having become somewhat more temperate,
favoured your genius with the opportunity of com-
pleting the victory, and compelling the vanquished
to accept terms of peace. It is not our province to
blazon forth such performances and military
achievements. Whatever claim they may have to
our admiration, they have been purchased with
tears, and they have inspired the Conqueror himself
with feelings of commiseration, which give him an
additional title to our affeClion and esteem.
" We dire& our views to much mote cheering
scenes. We would rather follow you to the banks
of that river, where, divested of the pomp of war,
two boats received two Emperors, and with them
the future destiny of the world. A memorable day
A day to be celebrated in all succee ling ages The
two at miss, drawn up ezaftly opposite to each other,
along the respective banks of the Niemen, contem-
plated with astonishment so interesting a meeting,
after so many destrueive engagements; and, in one
instant, 400,000 soldiers, composed of Italians and
Dutcletten, Scphiatile SarinatiAns, Germans, and
Frenchmen, IA aside heir arms, sad the two
greatest Sovereigns on earth, met each other on a
raft, in the middle of the river, to adjust personally
the affairs of their States, and •mutually stretched
forth their bands as a pledge of their reconcilement.
Alexander and Napoleon are united ; the war is at
an end ; and a hundred millions of people agent
taste the blessings of peace.
" The interests of futurity itself are possibly con-
flated with this celebrated interview, which was so
worthy of the youthful %sects, rof the Czars From
(see single individual, he may have been furnished
with more examples. and remised more information
respeeting the art of governm n.. than remedy
could have been obtained by Peter the Great, when,
with the view of self-instruaion. Sc undertook
long journey, and visited all the Celt: t. oh his Roy.'
CnntemporAries. Chc treaty of Trott has left he.
nind no further pretence tot a Continental war. Oa
that great day it was, that kingdoms and nations,
the old and the new Powers, toot their fixed sta-
tions ; it was then that every thing became s die
and secure.
" natio% Sire, may ,ow flatter itself with the
hope that it will not hencetoi th be, tot so long a
period, deprived of your presence, aid that its in-
ternelwelfAre and prosperity will co. tinue to increase
under your paternal superintendence. l'he nation
:las well merited your care and affeelion. At every
epoch of your government, And particularly the
present, they have been solely occupied in emulating
• he greatness 1,1 your exploits. by the extent of their
sacrifices and their devotion. We have henceforth
t he assurance. that we shall gratify your Mejesty, by
intermingling the homage which we owe y iu, with
the praises of that great and good people,as you have
so justly denominated them.
a l'he hearts of all of us are warmed by the proofs
you have given us of your attachment to the Freuch.
The beeevorent expressions which you uttered from
the Throne, have already filled the poorest cottages
with joy. IneAlkihig of you, it will one day be said,
and it is the finest trait its so wonderful a history, it
will be said, • He occupied tornself with attending to
the condition of the poor, vino dispensed the late of
so many Kings; and that, on the termination of a
long war, you thattioseee the public burdens, whilst
your triumphant hand so gloriously dealt forth
crowns to those offices' of the first rank woo fought
by your side.
" It is our first duty to bring to your recolledion
that magnanimous promise which will not have been
made in vain. Whilst y u ate creating around yeu
new dignities, and muse iutermediate ranks. which
are the appendages of monarchy,and serve to aug-
ment its lustre, it shall be our care to draw closer
our ties with that people. of whose sentiments we are
tile interpreters. In tr .s we shall find a species of
greatness, which, Waugh riot so &Wing, is not less
honour able.
" We swear, Sire, that we will never belie the
sentiments which have been stamped with your ap-
probation. We swear it in the presence oh that throne
which is established on the basis of so many trophies,
and which governs all Europe.
•• And how is it possible that you should not re-
ceive with a favourable ear expressions which are as
remote from slavery es from anaretry you, Sire,
who have availed yourself of the right of conquest
only to restute peace to the vanquished, and who
have reinstated the ioliabitants of the Banks of the
Vistula in all their fernier privileges 1 the Legiala-
rive Body will zealously. ,and to the utmost of its
power, promote the grand plans of improvenient
occupy your mind.
" Under the eye of your Rernes, we shall spee-
dily see our civil and political initituuoits perfeded
You will AfEx to them that stamp of greatness and
stability which distinguish all the ot. et creations of
your superior understanding t and, to crown your
glory, genuine freedom, which cannot exist but un-
der a pure monarchy, will become more sad more

grew, under the Gmmnwntent of an orclipotent
Pt ince."
The Address of M. Fabre, President of the Tri-
bunate, was to the following effea :
" Stet,

" Wil.lSt your Majesty was conducing your 2t-
mks to new triumphs, and overthrowing, ere.: log,
and re-ereeing thrones, your faithful subjeas, ever
animated with confidence in the genius and frocuee
of your Majesty, calmly applied themselves to their
respeftive occupations, acceleretieg the periods of
the departure of their children for the armies, and
feeling ern other regret char that of not being able
to share in their dangers and glory, and breathing
no other wish than for the preservation and ham
return of your sacred person.
" Grand and astonishing spelacle, which lies
displayed to the view of the woad all your energies,
and all nor affections
You have, Sire, seen that eztatic affaeion beam
forth, in these unanimous rejoicings, those hear:-
felt ejeculations, which neither fear nor flattery can
ever dissemble.
" Ah ! what monarch ever had a greater, a bet-
ter, claim upon the feelings of his people ?
" In the midst of camps, nay even in the field of
battle, the minutest particulars of internal govern-
ment were present to the mind of the conqueror of
Eylau and Friedland.
o Already, though the maritime war still conti-
nues, owing to the blind obstinacy of our etc nal
enemy, the prosperous state of our finance, has per-
mitted yourY Majesty to diminish considerably the
public burdens : and, at the same time, to give
that relief to the land-holders, and to bestow those
embellishments on our cities, which no other Sove-
reign, before you, has been able to accomplish.
" thus shall the promise of the most beloved of
your predecessors. Henry IV. be performed, nay
exceeded; the wish of his heart is enhanced by the
grand conceptions of your mind.
" Your Majesty has created imperial titles, both
with a view of decorating the throne, and of for
ever destroying all hopes of the restoration of a
feudal Government.
" Those institutions, conneeted with that of the
Legion of Honour, so fruitful in beneficial results,
will complete a grand system of encouragements
end rewards.
" So much prosperity and so much glory, so
many eels of beneficence, renewed in perpetual 'ac-
cession, ate duly and strongly felt; but how can that
gratitude which they call forth ever express itself in
adequate language ?
" May you, sire, in the long career which you
have to run, establish, on a firm foundation, the in-
stitutions which your creative genius has conceived.
for promoting the glory and happiness cf your States!
st May they, on the other hand, daily give }emu
Majesty new and splen.lid proofs of their confidence,
attachment, and devotion !"
Both these deputations were most reciously re-
ceived by the Emperor, and were coedueled with the
same' solemnities with which they were introdaced
The Minister of the Intel ior, M.Cretet, having the
day before yesterday been introduced to th • Le4isla-
titre Body, accompanied :1 tee Counsellors of State
-Luther' and Bigot Promeneeu, prei.eeted a Report
on the State of the Empire; the principal passages
of which are as follow
" Fifteen months have elapsed since the Deputies
separated, in order to return to thew homes. At
twit period, the Emperor veined to breve ApprOtti-
mired the moment when he was to taste the fruits of
his glorious laboers.
toe German Princes were, for the most part,
in all, race with France; Prussia was in the number
of ..er friends; the differences With Russia were
terminated by a treaty of peace ; our tranquillity
seemed to be equally secured abroad as at home,
and num-reus deputations Rocked horn all mutters
tit the Empire, to bring the Emperor the homage of
their admiration and gratitude; the heroes of • the
army had already arrived, to attend the festivals to
he given at Paris, in celebration of our viaories;
the Emperor diteeted all his attention to the interne'
affairs of government—when England, accustomed
to seek her own safety in 'the misfortunes el other
nations, induced Russia to depart from her pacific
inclinations, so lately confirmed by a Treaty, and
precipitated Prussia into a war, without reason or
object, contrary to the judgment of the Miniver,
and very possibly agaiust the wishes of the King.
An army of 130,000 M2O, eager far the combat,
commanded by the Kine and his veteren Generals,
and fumed in the school of the Great Frederick,
was almost annihilated in the first b ittle, and the
remains were melted down in the ranks of the Rus-
sian army.
" France, calm and tranquil, while the tempest
burst over the distant regions where it W:11 formed,
saw the career of inter nal improvements, commenced
during a period of peace, maintained and ad-
vanced. The conscription-law was carried into
effee with more zeal than ever; the tales were
punaually paid ; the National Guards gave proof
of their ardour ; the public spirit retained all its
purity ; the Government was, in the highest degree,
satisfied with the cantina of the Mayors.
" The gifts and donations to the various chsoi-
table foundations, in the year 1806, formed a capital
of 2,300,000 francs, and have been turrher augment-
ed by a fresh aft of bounty on the part of His Ma-
jesty. with a SUM of 15,6+10,000 franc,. The sufferers
try the mar:time war have been iinOmnified by His
Majesty.
o The Government has begun to direr its atten-
tion to the means of repressing men icily. The
Abbies of Contevrault and the lirselines of Mont-
peter, ere already prepared for the reception of the
Mendicants belonging to the Department• ; and
that tit Valises Catteret, which is nearly nom, leted,
will be sufficient ter those of the capital and the en-
virons.
" thirteen thousand four hundred miles of road
have been repaired and improved. these lobo its
have been bestowed on 6127 highways, leedie,;
from the capital to all the frontiers of the Empire.
es The navigation of eight principal rivets or
Weems, and among these the Loire and Cherante,
has b-es improved.
0. Poor bridges have been finished during the last
recess, or will shortly be finished. The. building
of ten others is *actively going onward ; anaueg
which are those of Bouanne and Tours.
" len Canals, almost all of them commenced
under the resent Government, are worked at with-

s t
out intermission. Of that of the Oarq. about three. ~
(Gimes are cioneleted. r —t.., , eau, I, ~, the, ef
Saint Querin. weicti unit • the Seine with the
Scheldt, and Petit with i iehand, are con pieced,
and will be navigable le lthm nos.
The sea•ports are also restore I. Antwerp recd.
vets its ancient celetniiy. and will to m tee centre
nt eie marine ureic,. For the first erne, th it part
of the Scheldt has seen upon its stream Wessels 01 74
an.i 80 guns ...Fe =teen ships are on the stosks at
Antwerp. e ,
t• Floseing., tying been enlarged, is now capa-
ble
l
of enntsteoi g a squadron. iet Dunkirk, the
Western Jetty las been rebuilt. At One:eel:4lh tee
two moles- have been raised ; and the battery Na-
peleen, plecei in the sea. defends the halters:lr,
boll against the waves and the foe. At Roch:fert,
a scientelc apparatus has been erefted. by which
vessels of all rates may be taken in or out at any
time of :isle.
" Agriculture has also constantly occupied tee
attention of Government. The national sheep-folds
preserve their breeds in the highest purity. else
shepherds will be instruied in the art of managing
their flo.ks. The restoration of the breed of horses
is in forwardcess Twelve Jepcts of stallions are
already formed, ennaiating of nine hundred of the
fi 'est animals. The breeding of Mick cattle is .
placed under regulation in a great number of the
departments, and the veterinary schools are in a
fientishing state.
" A commercial code is digesting, with the view
of combining what is good in the regulations of the
oclrdedoitr,doanndnapnrceevs with
eiitisoilsetidng toilcruaseornost,boatnpkrroutle)lyin.g
"Our cotton-spinntag establishments have, within
1 the lest twenty months, recovered from their inacti-
vity; I
1 te-animated them, they now furnish our manufac-
I tortes with those materials which we procured from
abroad.
" It is the desire of the Emperor, that the capital
become the metropolis of the world, should corres-
pond with its destination. The bridge of Austelite
is completed; that of Jena is begun. In the Place
de Vendems will be milted the column of the Grand
Army ; in the Place des Vieloires, the monument of
Desists; and the statue of Haultpcult will decorate
the Place ties Vosges. The Palace of the Legislae
tive Body will be adorned with a colonnade; oppo-
site will be erefted the Temple of V,elory ; and in
the mid-way will be reared ti.e Sovereign's palace;
w that the Throne will occupy a central position be.
sweep Justice and Glory. The works at St. Genes
vieve are going forward; those at St. Denis are
nearly finished.
f• The tomb of Dessais is erected ca the Alps,
between France and Italy, where it demonstrates to
the two countries the honour conferred by teed'
common deliverer on his comrade and mend, who
dicd amidst those vi Curies which determined aua,.
fate et both nations. IP
" lee Vrench aciviel is occupied in reptisentieg,
in marble or on canvass, the M. is renowned mists.
of the p :sent reign.
" Ihe war has retarded the insti ution of a Gee f 4
nei Al School; but the eenspei or ant still accompesh
the pt teed.
" oeveral colleges have been established in the
course cf 11e yeas, te the number of -.5. 'fogy
contain I B,uUu schelers. Ut these, 3700 owe their
educetioe, in whole, or in earn to the national
beunty. Twelve schools ot jut i prudence are open,
ee, and ILOOO Makignis accupy hem at present
•• Tee Looms of tee maidens cirele of Berme
lone and of Baleares are 'renewed, and will be con-
tinued this waiter. The Observatory of the Pan-
theon is restored, and that of 'rutin is again devoted
to astronomy.
" Else Emperor desires that the sciences may
have a part in the ameeing improvements while)
have been communicated, like an elettric shock, to
every thing great and interesting. He desires that
the French language, now become that of Europe.
shah continue to support that noble privilege, by
its beauty, its purity, and elle interest of its produce
Lions. ile desires feet the publ:c sentiments shall
encomege the devel. percent of talents, and preserve
the latter against calumny and malignity ; and that
in future there shall be no .ells among the learned;
that Were shall no longer be any political p ties in
the state ; tnec learaiog, anemorAlity, az.. good
taste, shall be in unison, and that these only shall
form the basis of their prosperity and imerovemente
He whites that criticism should maintain respeel for
decency, in order to be useful; and tl.at men who
are celled to the sublime office of enlightening and
improving the community, should despise idle Ea-
ten y.
" The Government cannot but be cemented with
the members of the church in general. The same
purity of morals, tialeration, disinterestedness tied
real, distinguish all ranks, and evince the devotion
of all.
.. fhe Jews. who now hear the ram: of French-
men, in consequence of the gracious dispositions of
Ills Majesty us their favour, have become wcrthy
of that name.
t• Such is the exposition of the improvernents,
which have been brought to perteeion us the inte-
rior, since the last sittatg. Several other branc nes
of tee laoverionent have been advanced, and ..re
now in a sstuati.ns toe most advantageous. Freese,
am.sng all the states ot Europe, ie the only nee
without peper money. Its commerce, interrupted
by unavoidable circurnstancerepreserves the hope of
1 renovation an the seed that remains. sth. Arms of
Fiance nave been carried to the farthest extremities
of husupe; its itifluence eaendefl beyond tee Bos-
phorus, and into the centre el the Ccettosere of
Asia; tn• most complete order pliteails in our ir,-
t nor. England elone remaining Overwhelmed with
the burden ot the war, and the hatred of nations ;
these ate the effects of one year, and the eucouregieg
prospett of 'het which is to follow."
M. Fontanes answered," that the statement whith
was laid besore the Legislative Body was made up
from the exploits of a Prince who was a lover of
peace: that it the Emperor, five hundred mills
from his capital, had effected so much in favour s f
bis people, aced the glory of the Arts. what would he
not have permitted in the bosons of p ace, and in
the midst ot his capital ? The improve:meets that
have been inirodaced into the V. 1110115 branches of
the internal Government, prove that the inesinible
pow which overturns empires and establishes
terones, is still tar itifetior to that wisdom, yahoo

w► • -

.~

established morality upon the immovable basis
of the kw."
The Legislative Rody ordered the exposition of
the state of the Empire to be printed. together with
the speech of the President. and that six copies of
them be distributed to each Member.
' M. M. Preamenau and Real offered the pret of a
law relative to the Napoleon Cede, which was to be
taken into considefation on the 3d of September.
The objed of this law is to improve several articles
in the Civil Code, with the view of facilitating the
execution of it among the different foreign nations
who have accepted this code.
111Ja. 27.

The Moniteur of this day contains a list of the De.
puties from the new kinglom of Westphalia, at pre-
sent in this city. Magdeburg has sent two Deputies;
Altmark, two ; the Principality ofHalberstadt, two;
the Duchy of Brunswick, four; the Principality of
Hit lesheim, six; the Principality of Minden. and
the county of Schauenbnrg, two ; the Electorate of
Hesse, nine; and the Principality of Paderborn,
four. Of these, ►owever, several are nominated
zry)re than one of the above districts; so that
tip: number of individuals aßually delegated, is less
than the sum total of the numbers above given.
On the 25th inst. died, in this city, in the 631 year
of his age, the Minister of Public Worship, John
Stephen Maria Portant.
AUG. 2s.

The Official Paper of this day mentions the taking
of Stralsund, in the following article :
" M. Delagrange, Aid-de-Camp to the Prince of
Neufchatel. left Stralsund. The King of Sweden,
after having declared that he would bury himself
under the ruins of the place, has fled, and left it
without capitulating. The French troops have taken
possession : Marshal Brune has had compassion for
the inhabitants. and though the place bas surrender-
ed at discretion, he has given orders to treat them
with all possible kindness.
" The charatter of the King of Sweden has been
most eminently displayed during the siege. He
caused proposals to be made every day.. but each of
them was more ridiculous than the former. He was
answered that we might be deceived once, bat those
who were deceived twice, could only have to thank
themselves for it; that as he had violated the agree-
meat which had been made in his risme by General
Essen. they could nu longer confite in his word ;
and that they would no more enter into a negocia-
lion with him. Tina Prisice then resolved to leave
Stralsund, and trust the inhabitants to the clemency
of the enemy; and thus he has proved himself
equally bad as a Prince, and ignorant as a General.
It is perhaps the first time that a king has lett his
subjects in this manner. However. the Continent is
fur ever lost to him. The king of Sweden shall
never set foot again in Pomerania.
as We found 400 pieces bt cannon in the fortress."
The same paper contains fresh intelligence from
Denmark. Beside, the accounts of events at Co-
penhagen to the Mb, use following particulars
from are mentioned
" According to the last disposition of the troops
is blidstein, they form one continued line from
bet to the extremities of Jutland. Small encamp-
ments are formed at regular distances upon the
mast, so that upon occasion they Can assemble at a
short notice. All the molt important po.itions up-
on the canal are occupied. Frederickson is put in
gate of defence, and a battery of ten guns is.
thrown up on the other side of the mouth of the
port of Kiel. Vessels are fitting out to prot-Et the
entrance of the ports of Holstein. The Militia is
every whore organised, as are Also the Guards upon
the coast.

•4 In Zealand, the Militia consists of nineteen batta-
lions; some ot them have been thrown into Cronen.
berg and Copenhagen. Thirteen still remain for
the defence ot the island ; thy have been joined by
the cavalry, and some other corps. Volunteers are
every where forming, and in a vay short time there
•vill not be less than 50,000 men under arms in
Zealand and the Duchy. Every our is inspired
with aelieity, zeal, and resegtment, against the Eng-
lish."

ICI ZI ,AVU. 27.

The post from Zealand, and even Sweden, has
failed for some days past. We lean. that the Eng-
lish do every thing in their power to interrupt
nor communication by the telegrap!a, and they have
destroyed some of them upon the island of Spre.
between Zealand and Fuhnen. This anxiety to
prevent intelligence hetlll., not to augur well for their
affairs in the neighbourhood of Cnpenhagen. In
the mean while all their attempts to prevent any
communication between Zealand, which hers so ,
many outlets, and the Continent, have been unavailing
—Several of our ablest Officers have succeeded in
penetrating through Zealand, and we are even as-
sured that three whole regiments, viz. the Grit and
third of the Jutland infantry, and that of Hoizen's
dragoons, have landed in Zealand ts;.hout any loss.
'1 he failure of regular intelligence has hitherto pre-
vented as from receiving positive information of this
event. However this may be, there is no want of
run in Zealand. Ardour in defence of the country
'thews itself every where; both the citizen and the
peasant vie with each ether in hastening to the en-
rolments, and in this they follow the example of
*it superiors. The Bailiff of Soroe Ann.; has
armed four hundred peasants. Copenhagen defends
itself w h unexampled courage, both by sea and
;and. Several English frigates have been so roughly
handled by the Danish gun-boats, that they have
bean obliged to cut their cables and vb. On the
land side, stl the trees have been felled which ob.
strutted the view beyond the Inners, and prepara-
tions are making ter;burn the suharb, should that
measure be necessary. Besides tr.i4, tne Danes are
risking continual kitties ; in nue which Capt.
Hommel took one of the English retbuhts by storm.
In fact, in every affair that has hitherto taken place,
the loss of the English has been greater than ours ;
the last consisted, according to the lists we have re-
ceived, of 2I ;tailed, and .51 wounded. Fnr Want of
any thing better, the English content themselves
with throwing bombs from time to time against our
works of detente, hut which do no hurt to any one;
and Chi, will continue to be the case till they can
muster' sufficient courage to approach nearer the
place; which can only be effected by the seer:ice of
a very great number of men.
By means of a blockade. the English are likely to
arc certain that Co.
some months. On

the other hand, it is not likely the enemy will find
much supply in Zealand. Within Oa miles touud
the city. all the provisions, (cc have already been
brought in. We learn that great dissatistattion al-
ready prevails amongst the English army, especially
the Germans; and, of the latter, it is expeeted that
a number nf them will desert over to us. Still more
critical must the enemy's situation be, when the
stormy weather commences, when their ships, in our
narrow straits, will be driven upon each other, as
well as upon our numerous banks and shoals, or
otherwise be compelled to retire. And, last of all.
if they should be able to sessather these difficulties, in
the season that follows. the ice which will be formed
between the small nlandeend the south of Zealand.
will enable us to pass our whole army over ; and,
should the enemy stay, perhaps we may be able to
attack with the bayonet some of his vessels. Our
Crown Prince, who knows the great importance of
these small islands, as forming points of union be-
tween Zealand and Holstein, has addressed the fol-
lowing Proclamation to the inhabitants of Moen,
Falster, and Galand

" COUNTRYMEN—I call upon you to take up arms
against an enemy who has nut Only taken you by atomise, but
has approached your coast under the mark of friendMip
Remember the ancestors from whom you di:wended, and that
they tb gh their courage and unanimity acquired immortal
fame. Your King, your Country, and your Home, let these
be your watch-words, and nothing will he impossible to you.
Advance, then, to arms ! Assemble undo the ►anners of *
Danish Prince; drive beck the enemy, for nothing can with-
stand you I only inlet that the circumstances ..1 the present
moment do not permit me to put myself at your head,
FREDERICK, Croon Mace."
" Head-quarters, at Kiel, Atl. 20, 1907."
In addition to the inlonveniencies to which it was
natural we should be exposed, in the first moments
of an unexpected attack, we have received intelli-
gence of two losses ; the first, the frigate Frickri‘ I-
'rear*, placed as a guard ship in the Sound, and
which had orders to sail to Norway. As this vessel
was very old, and only armed with 12-pounders,
the loss is not considerable, that of the officers and
men excepted; but which, in a guard ship, were
much fewer in number than in any other ship of
war. The other loss which we allude to, is that of
the Island of Heligoland, taken by the English.
Our commerce, however, in the neighbouring
seas, will not sufer much, as the necessary admo-
nitions have been sent to all the ports, especially to
those of Norway : our naval force in that glazier,
besides the Galley Fleet. consists of two ships of
the line, one frigate, one brig. and a chip of cadets,
all of which ate to remain where they are, till fur-
ther orders.

IOTTIPIDAN, AVG. SI.

The Moniker contains the following article from
Kid, dated August 18, relative to the conference
between the Crown Prince of Denmark and Mr.
Jackson, she English Ministry
Without offering any reasons. England de-
manded as AirlAnCe, aft/olive and defensiie. As a
guaranlee, she also required the transfer of the
D inish 8. et. the castle of Cronenberg, and the city
of Copennalrn. The Crown Prince rejelted these
ptoposals, with all the disdain which they merited.
lie ob d to Mr. Jackson, that history aEorded
no example of bitch an unjust attack as that with
which Denmark was threatened ; and that in future
more good faith would be expelled from the Alge-
sine pirates than from the English Government f—
• Yon propose an alliance,' said the Prince—' but
we are too well acquainted with the nature of your
alliance. Your allies, who have been waiting in
vain for yorr assistance throughout the whole year,
have taught as what we are to exped from your al-
liances!'

" Mr. Jackson having remarked that the Crown
Prlnce spoke to him in very harsh terms, his High-
nessreplied, that when a man had the hardiness to
take such a mission as Mr. Jackson's upon himself,
lie ought to make up his mind for hearing all that
could be said against it ; and further, that what he
had then said to his Minister, he would say to the
King of England himself, if he were present.
" he answer which the Crown Prince made to
the English Minister, when he offered to make good
any losses, that Denmark might sustain, with mo-
ney, is in every Dane's mouth, via. Now will yea
re pay oar bet hemmer ?' But, added he, when, in
conseqtience of tte treachery of the English, Co.
penhagvn shall have been entered, I will this winter
imitate the condett of Gustavus. The ftosen wa-
ters of the Belt will afford me a passage."

CoPsTAsTivort.s, juLY 22

Every where misfortunes seem to attend us. We
have just learned, that the advanced guard of Mus.
tapha fiarakt.r, commanded by Ibrahim Bey, g
been defeated, and our troops driven back on this side
of the Danube. The Captain Pacha has also been de-
l.-lied, iu a sea engagement with the Russians. The
Bernd accmpr aw4inst Penedos not being successful,
the Admiral nt..de a third. The troops he landed
were almost instantly compelled to retreat, and had
scarcely tame to get on bond Cie shipping. The
fleet itself, auacied by the Russians, was defeated.
Six Captains and twcive Tschiaeux are killed, and
C,e lamous Ilekir Pacha is among the number of the
Jain. The Grand Admiral himbelf had a narrow
escape i he has retuttud. with his dismasted three.
decker, to the Canal of Constantinople. A Russian
squadron has appeared before Sinope and Trebi.
sand, in the Black Sea.

ST. TITERSIUTIGH, ACG..S.
Count Sultikow is appointed Ambassador to the
Court of France. For the French Ambassador, the
Hotel of the Count Tschernitscw is engaged. Lord
Gower has hired a hotel, at an animal rent of
19,0:10 roubles.

rANTZIC. AUGUST 18.

An English frigate and a brig blockade our port,
but at it respectable distance, as they cannot ap-
proach the coast without being exposed to consider-
able damage. Marshal Souk arrived here yester-
day. He alighted at General Rapp's, where he re.
ceived the visits of the Generals and Officers. His
light corps arc to occupy the Prussian provinces, op
to the limits of our territory.

lOSTOCK. AVG. 25.
The sre of the Swedes upou the houses at Stral-
sund, after their retreat trorn that place to Rugen,
seems not to have procbcded from mistake, but is
merely the execution of an order equally weak and
wicked. Atter the *lst cannonade that was made
from Darnholin, which killed a woman, that from
Rugen commenced. Yesterday another heavy can-
nonade was heard from that side, and a number of
bosses, painted out by nanae, have beau ruined.

There are also Swedish gutrboats lying before
Sialsund ; hut it seems these frantic hostilities will
not continue long. as the troops upon the island of
ltugen are preparing to leave it, and embark for
Swelen. _ _

NANO ER. ARO. 22._

The flower of the French army, viz. I 200 of the
Imperial Guards, seem to have changed their route
and their destination. Tkey were assembled at
Betlin, and were to pan the Rhine at Mentz, to
which place some of them had proceeded. The
greater part Pave now directed their march to the
Northward, and are ezpaled here. Their Com-
mandant, General Walther, arrived here at eight
o'clock last night, and alighted at the Palace.

AUGUST 26.
An uncommon movement prevails among the
French troops, and their Allies, in the North of Ger-
many. Several corps are marching from Stralsund
to Lower Saxony. The Dutch regiments have at.
rived in Lauenburg and Lunenburg ; and yesterday
the first division of the French Imperial Grenadier
Guard, 1200 in number, entered this city.

HAGUE, AUG. 30.

His Excellency the Minister for Foreign Affairs
has this morning received advice by a Courier, that
Their Majesties the King and Queen of Holland
arrived at St. Cloud on the 27th instant, in good
health.

TONMINGIII, AUG. 21.
The inhabitants and the garrison of Copenhagen
have adopted a measure. which 'hews the firmness
of their resolution to defend themselves to the last.
They have burnt the suburb of the Westerbrug,
that extends towards Fredericksberg, and under co-
ver of which the English had begun to throw up
works. In the sortie made for that purpose, about
20 Danes, and 100 English, were killed, and 50
of the latter brought into Copenhagen as prisoners.
In the mean while the Danes in Zealand seem strong
enough not to confine themselves merely to the re-
lict of Copenhagen. General Kartenskiold is in the
rear of the E'sglish with 11,000 regular troops, anJ
a body of militia; and a rumour is already spread
of an action, in which the enemy have been defeat-
ed. However this may be, this bold mar.ceuvre of our
General will make us masters of the Western coast
of ZealanJ, whither, by means of a favourable op-
portunity. relief !my be sent from the island of
Fuhnen, to which the passage from Jutland seems
still to remain unobstructed.

Our army in Holstein is in full march. Only a
very small cordon remains upon the•limits of Lauen•
burgh and Lubeck. The rest of it retains vsses-
sion of the coat et the Baltic, while the other4part
advances through Jutland to Fulinen. General
Eweld's head-quarters are at Newstadt. In a word.
the people are so well affated. that our Govern-
ment will have no scruple to call them out in a mass,
in caw of danger, p-osicuiarly the inhabitants of the
sea coast•.

The pu,r, which left Copenhagen on the IGth,
was detained upon the Great Belt, by the English,
twelve hours, and searched, bin at length suffered
to pass b .th with money and letters. All commu-
nication by the Great Belt has since been cut off by
the English, which is probably the reason why we
have no further intelligence a the affair between
• General Kar,tenkiold and the enemy. In the sortie
made for burning the suburb of the Westerbrug,
the Daises had three killed and 22 wounded. In
the fight at sea, on the 17th, an English frigate was
so much damaged, that it was found necessary to
tow her away. The English fleet at present con-
I skits of about 300 sail.

Prince Charles of Hesse, Governor of Sleswick
and Milstein, has given notice, that letters of
marque are ready to be granted against the Eng-
li‘h. la all the trading towns in the Duchies, no-
tice has been given, that, after the term granted to
the possessors sit English property for ansioancing
the same, a reward will be paid to any person giv-
ing that information, in prnpottion to the value of
the said property; and lastly, the followics Decla-
ration has been published by our Court s
DANISH DECIARAIWN.

" All Europe is acquainted with the system which
Denmark has followed, during a period of fifteen
Yeats of war and disturbance, with Unceasing per-
severance. The rigid observance of a free and im-
partial neutrality, and the conscientious fulfilment
of all the duties belonging thereunto, have 14:n1111:41
the objth of all its wishes and all its efforts. The
Danish Government, in its relations and connexions
with other States, has never lost sight of that sim-
plicity, which was inseparable from the purity of
its sentiments and its love of peace, and which it
cannot be suspected of haring once changed or
debilitated. Hitherto Providence has blessed our
undertakings. Without inju.tice, without any
ground of reproach from any of the other Powers,
we succeeded in keeping np a good understand.
ing with the whole of them. This state of
peace and tranquillity is suddenly annihilated.—
l'he English Government, after having long
negleded its own interests by a shameful inadivity,
and after having betrayed its Allies into a vexatious
and uncertain struggle, has suddenly developed all
its power and adivity, to attack a neutral and peace-
able State, without any complaint against the same.
The means for dissolving the ancient and sacred
connexions which united Denmark to Great Britain,
have been prepared with as much secrecy as promp-
titude. Inc Danish Government saw the English
shqrs of war upon their coast, without even the con.
jrdnie that they were to be employed against Den-
mark. The island of Zealand was surrounded, the
capital threatened, and the Danish territory violated
and injured, breore the Court of London had made
use of a single word to express the hostility of its
feelings. This hostility, however, soon became evi-
dent : Europe will with difficulty believe what it
will hear. 'l u. basest, the most violent and cruel
objeft which could ever have been taken up, has no
other foundation than some pretended information,
or rather that of a mere rumour of an attempt.
which, according to the English Ministry, was to
have taken place, in order to draw DeLmatk into a
hostile allfance against Great Britain.
" Upon these pretended grounds, which the least
degree of discussion immediately would have shewn
as being founded upon arbitrary measures alone,
the English Government declared to ebe Court of
Denmark, in the most imperious manner, that, in
order to secure its own interests, and to pruvide for
its .own safety, it could leave D:nniark no other

eQlate. -

choke than a war, or a close w.
liritain. And what kind of alliance
An alliance. the first guarantee
of the subjettion of Deolook. ~,
ed up all ner ships of seat to the
ment. There could be ao hesitation
native that WAS to be adopted.
made, as scandalous is its -
naces —as offensive in the
thing itself—left no room for
most justifiable and rooted disd..
sorbed every other feeling. Placed
and dishonour, the Danish Govern
The war commenced : Denmark ,
blind to the dangers, to the losses
was threatened by this war,
unexpeded and dishonoorable
separate peovii.ce, and in a manner
the means of defence, and :orced ii
contest, she could not flitter herself
very material injut y. Unspotted
still remained for her to defend, •
ration which she had earned as
right condud. Denmark, therefore,
that, on the part of the Powers
will not appeal in vain. Let
judge, whether England was
tical necessity of sacrificing ,
out hesitation, to her own
which had neither °Corded a
Depending upon the justice of
in Providence. and in the love
people to a Prince, whose mild
vidence, is swayed over a united,
ful people, the Danish Government
that it will be able to acquit
near, of the hard and painful i
imposed upon it oy necessity.
Denmark believe. it has a right .
interest and justice of the Cabinets
they particularly hipe for the die
the part of those illustrious Sovereigns,
jells and alliances have served -'
pretext, and to give a colour to
of injustice, and whose object -
the means of making a general at 00..,
of violence, which, even in England,
and generous mind will disown ; whir'
charader of a virtuous Sovereign, r
main a scandal in the annals of Gr
We still keep up a good understanding
only ally of England. the King r.
ST'S'
Our city has fallen. at length,
than was circled. The French
The trenches were opened in t'
1.-)th and Itith. The swedes
moon-light. It seemed they
and flattered themselves that ..
served in the French camp were
the festivities which had been
on account of the Emperor's
in the morning of the ifitb,
trenches were opened close under
then, too late, commenced a hear
siegers west too well covered to
About 12 men were wounded.
In the four following days, these
tied on so far, that in the course
longer the town might hays been
practicable breach made. Now
listen to the pe:itiens of the inh,
advice of his officers and after
thecannon, he embarked with hi
a number of vessels in the port..
Rugen. The guard en the walls .
to the Burghers, and the command ot the place ea.
trusted to the King's Adjutant-General (Peyton),
who, at siz o'clock this evening, repaired to the
French head-quarters, with a deputation from the
Magistrates, aid made an offer to Marshal Brune to
capitulate, which was refused. The Marshal imme-
diately gave orders fur the place to be takes pos-
session ot, and at seven o'clock several companies
of grenadiers entered the place.
'I he King seems to have foreseen the necessity of
evacuatiag the place. Orders were issued es the
Stir to Baron Essen. for removing every thief be.
loosing to Government to the island of awe.
Count Blacas, the Envoy of the coodeireot
Royal Family at Mittau, has had his madlimae
leave of His Majesty, and is gone to Courland.
LITISHI, VOGL 211.

~!

rr

The Woks, of the 23d, after giving some ac•
count of affairs in the North of Europe, between the
English and the Danes, mentions, likewise, that
tie King of Denmark declared war on we 13th.
The 31enticur concludes with the following remark s
—" Denmark shall soon have men and money suf-
ficient to carry her through the contest; and since
the Danish people assist their Prince in opposing a
horrible ad of oppression, the Emperor will sot
suffer Denmark to want either men or money. The
history of nations affords no example of such sea
of cruelty. Sovereigns and nations of Europe,
what would be your fate, if England, like Frame,
had an army of 8 or 90),000 men ?"

o'o
TM
1011

PKICE % =__,
* hTutAb YESTERLIA2.
3 per Celia. Consols
6 per Coot. Navy 9611i
Omniunt i Fern'
India Stock
D.uo Wags 1 dd.
Exchequer Bilk .. per. 4s. 11. die.
English Lowrey Tickets. 2Ol. Its.
Ccusuie Cue
T. RISK, Stock-Broker,
No. 4, Curnhill, and 9, Chang-Crow.
- _ _

COURSE OF EXCHANGE, Sarr. 9.
Aastarfem .... 95 9 SU. 1:en...• 44 tiv. 74.
Dim. At Mint .. 95 I Verso, n. C 52 Do. loaf.
Rotterdam e. f.. 11 4 4 U. Lisbon 64i
liamburin 94 i 24U. Oporto 64
Altsna l4 , dill. Dubin. 102
Par.. 24 6 La. Cork 111
Dam. SU.
Inerdeakel
C3dlit sai effect. aad ears par ors 4 .... ..•
Dins — New Doulitertus... ... ..- .--
Madrid 3ll effect. Now Dallas — 5 I
Ditto — Silver In lon .... 3 6
Balboa Sal New Louis sack .. ..-• .-- -'"
Leghera PO4 Alpo en tbe leak .f Hollaad,
Naples .. 4l 24 per Cent.
--

• -
HIGH WATKIt. THIS DAY, AT LONDON•tIIII4GGt•
Meru ....t0 atti. aßer ..7 I Evea..sl Mia. eM• • • • 7•
--a

-
LONDON :-..Printall by, G. DAVIDSON. No. 17. Dukes.
court. B.w...treat. Covent-sarden. and pobloined at the
°Mont N.. IS, Back of St. Content's Chunk, Strand, by
W. STUCK, of No. 7, New Boltorwararet, Leog.Acnt ••••
Onion, de. for Um Paper, ow to the Dice, (eat pod I
will be drily attended to.

10;

By visesns of a blockade, the Er
gm still less advsntage, u we AT
pesisagen contains previsions far I

close alliance with
of &Mater did they
wee of which, as a p
[wk, was to have deli
sat to the British GO
hesitation as to the
red. This opening ,
its offers as in its
the manner as in N.: A
ins for negociation.
tied disdain naturally
Placed betwese des VE
, Government had oo use
enmark was by so DAY NE
the losses with which The DI
.araab.mle amAnnattenarneeckeru,tjettignir th
rottled IYri:e 6.411.1
id lorced into an ion 6)0;1
ter herself with 'stay', oder, ie
%spotted honour, how 'VHF
efeud, as well as that 1 sb
ned as the price of bee wit.t. tt
;, therefore, flatters her vtpsee
e Powers of Europe,
1. Let impartial tibia
id was under the
cing another State, •
r own safety t a Sri o
tided nor provoked he
Lice of her cause, un..
e love and loyalty oft TH
se mild sceptre, under P
united, brave, and fa;
Government flatters itse 341
cquit itself, without area ow;
intol task which has bt. Fayeet
icy. The Government ~tl"we„
a right to reckon upon t
Cabinets of Europe, a Tov
r the 'feels of the same •
us Sovereigns, whose
served the Eneash for Dan
our to the most crying aft ::1
object is to offer England To
ineral atonement for an act To
in England, every noble trot
lisown ; which deforms the L„
overeign, and will ever tea
talc of Great Britain."
od understanding with the
the King of Sweden. 117,4
STII•LSUND, LOG 20.
t length, and much soma rr
French entered it this day.
td in th..! night between the
edes had the advantage of se,
hey were under a mistake,
that the motions they ob. c"
op were in consequence of ,7":
been observed on the 15th,
•or's birth-day. But early pit,
16th, they found that the wry
se under the wall. They P
.L 2
d a heavy fire ; but the be.
so
wed to receive any injury. ek„,
ended. and three killed.— Itar
rs, these trenches were car-
course of forty -oight boon as
iv* bolo lot ow it%
. Now the King begets he
the inhabitants, owl Ike es
nd after nailing wine ef ;,,t1
with his • troops Gs bud
e port, trod ow to
.he walls saws oat ltd F 1
enmities-1 et the ohm Ms
