. • , •
'THE FOUNDLITO hospital:.
___...ier.— ,
• MEMORIAL • - .
PRISKIITUo TO Tea sexiest. racily sr 1111 C 'Ott/.
600.11A110461.'•ODIANSOFTWOitOUYOLINtsOOrrITAL.
The following address, relative tolhe perpetral
separation toe all the eltiklren received Into the
liespitel, bran their parents, was, be the anaimintras
desire of a number of adult foundlings, moat re-
speethe.ly and submissive y presented:— • •
" lionstielED GoYeasoas and Cletatnaws—
'tali with the utmost deference that we appi ouch
jou, fer the purpose of entreat* your lienevt lent
attention to the forlorn and fricuitesa condition of
the child:vain ipmend when out of Hoepitul, iad
ts As puncher clitliculties rid disadvantages which
unsay if them suffer, seine ocaisionally, and others
them*. lift, in consequeuce of the annihilation
of them relationship with. their parents, which en-
sues, according to the custom of the institution,
immediately oo their admission into the Hospital,
end *rough which the foundlings are bereft of
every benefit and comfort arisiug from parental so-
lratude sod faintly ceoneeiou.
" That the numerous infants, from time to time
received into the Hospital, should, one and all, he
deemed to exist in an orphan state, while their
perats are alive, and perhaps not far &gent front
Uwe is a circumstance which, to every virtuosi*
i
and fadng mind, must appear as melancholy as it
is eramorthrary, and more especially, when it is
rainvidered. what a scene of sheerer the world pre-
seeb to the rising generation, and hew common it
is fir youth of Loth sexes, even when they have the
best human protection, to Le ensnared, and vitiated
in their principles, and ruined fondle in their pros-
pects. Theretore, for youitg perm* to be launched
into the vicissitude; of life, witheet even a knoses
iftwis a, theireetatione, near or distant, and, conse-
quently without being the objects of any one's
wow; ovonight or regard, is a very atflictine
sitoilien.• some when the dispels/Woes of Provi-
dential's* mimed it unavoidable—but still more
so, to be pinceilip this solitary situation, cehtrary
teat tit 4111108, and the exprese duty of parents.
Nomellselains if we ourselves, and all the children
reeelted info the liospital, wale found expesed and
dredelleis ue tberorm "foundling' implies; if our
• straw beets seen ; if uo communication
boos Mkt with oar mothers ; we in that ewe
mail Ref imps* tbrentire loos of our parents to
neradest weesesileuttbeir own negligence and in-
hiseralifroasbut know* that the mother of every
14.101111.14. intothe fitoeieel, is obliged to hying
bergteinnes and to appear in the preseete of the
Cbdemides, before hes child can be admitted ; rad
dedeiterragerevelv it is in the power of the Board to
Julia spot • full diselonue of the real • nine and
euellitims slavery parent; and being also assured,
tbiltity the rules et MAIMS of the charity, every
orodlor, widhoott ecception, is denied all seems to,
and R+._.. gib of, her own child, either by name or
1011.11. filer its reception, unless she can take it
nitliklnld whollY maintain it; and that each child is
with a name different to that which the
, .
stood to be lierts.ettleb prevents the,
of • roceresing ape...nest knowledge
,'mope the stisresaid 'con-
ceited& filespital • with these facts
ionic oilio. hewers, wo imay deplore the conduit
if ea Mot s, we see **iliac it would be doing
ildpeldeer to snit mothers, WPM we to eharee
'ameba aseertien ofus ; it being evieent.
fat brgettisel it is the poverty, and not the will,
eldineeedleess "bide esiteents to an alternative so
bad epos oloomedveoo and. their children, and
• solidi undiebi oniet apipeensto many mothers, like
• ataxia Wind or thew obiliree. while they are
able . TbereGive, is justice •to their feelings as
epetbsie. ere are bound to nttrihntc ow total sepa.
Tolima from each other, nigher to circenistances
din from the restriceions of the Ilkopital, than
es an intentional or desirable act of theirs.
-" Horauebis Cleves% ORS and GUARD! tWS••••
It is respecting this constant extinction of the bond
istratere, between the children and their parents,
that we sew appeal to your justice and humanity.
Twined, so we happily were, in the Hospital, to
religierasentitnents, we know that the relative du-
ties of parents end children are• inviolable, and
that as ilOcesisideration are parents justifiable, in
immeinisvg thennislves exempt from their sacred
eidisalior Nod -briendew duty, to inspect the pro-•
gook Old watch over the welfare of their .off-
wags aid such as desire it, deserve neither
to be enosteasseed in their depravity. nor per-
mitted so to revolt in the face of nature, as to fly
ter ever front their children : rat h cortelnet bring
ea arm vielatinu of the revealed will of the Cre-
ators who will undoubtedly require it of them ;
led, therelsee, had onr parents at an/ time dining
sew iniwory. childhool, or youth, called to mind
Aar aim roopouoilsirty to (lad concerning us, and
thereby shown that they• had some svutpiiths for
their own infsprinA,it would hare afford•sl us innek
satiallsertion. But being tent off from all sight and.
pineseml knowledge of each other, mutual returns
to love and duty are imporabilities. The me-
dium may have intervals of serious reflection, and
Mast these salutary impressions, they may he
earnestly desirous of making every restitution in
Hit power. Bet, unfortunately, exelfided as they
me, One relenting,' in their minds are as nnsvail-
ing with respect to us, as are the worktnga of filial
stmeibility in our bosoms,: with regard to them.
Separated from each other for se long a series of
ran, in the first instance, however desirous the
parents may afterwards be, of awing and serving
their children, it could not bet in few instances be
accomplished. es the situations of most foundlings
are unknown at the Hospital, after the expiration
of their apprenticeshipe. Ha female, she may he
wandering upon the town, a common prostitute,
as some we know of now are; if a male, he may

•
be friendless. and stmargliug with sickness sod
moat. The instances of this kind which we have
known. are caleulatcsl to wake some impression
upon the moat obdurate parents, who babe son-
signed their children to the Hospital, without NAY.
ciently considering that its care of them wps 'only
fin a limited term ; sad that then they would be
tossed upon the world friendless and forsaken, and
let to all the chances of their oofortunate
Lion; and as it is said to be at all times au error
of the mind to imagine, that aly real or lasting
goal EMI or I* 'II re.ult from a direct lafringemosit
of the laws and precepts which God hen given to
man ; so it will out be supposed, that a isolate-
