orient, under whose prott'ction they enjoy Fret!
siiile advantage. The best proof of a goad go.
vertituent is to be found in the condition of the
lienple, and if by this rule we are to estimate
the character of tie British 4dinini•traUuu w Lea,
we moat value it highly, for then the Javanese were
contented mid tranquil, and educed the utmost
confidence and love towards the Governor. Nottniq.
could exceed the grief expressed by the Javanese at
his departure, except their consternation and horn).
at being restored to the hutch; and that country,
which, mode: the 1....m:115t) Goveritinent, wags de-
lightful picture of peace and happiness', was, ua
the first appearance of the Dutch authorities, a
scene of confusion a..d bloodshed. Three facts
speak v‘liitnes with regard to the relative cps.
ratters of the two Ailinintatratione. The Co-
. vernor is accused of levity and inconsistency, hut
let the result of his messitres speak for the I.lf.
dour that conceived }lllll the vigour that enliotA
them. It is said that while he smoke in public VT
the abolition of slavery, his own gardens were kept
in order by 100 Javanese, who were compelled 1.1
travel a distance of 30 leagues to perform that ta•k,
The absurdity of this charge refutes tirrlf ; for even
supposing the Governor ever so well iltipowd to up.
hold slavery, he might assuredly have procured 100
slaves nearer the place of his residence 6311 30
leagues, to dress his garden, who would also lie wore
nodes the immediate control of their task-master.
But we are not to suppose that because slavery is
abolished in a country, that bodily labour is thereby
prohibited. la every country hundreds of p•opl♦.
in ay be procured to dress gardens mud till the
ground, and no person of ordinary understa. rtiog
will consider such aq occupation as a proof of the
existence of slavery.

A Flanders Mail arrived last night, with Papers
to the '22d inotant. They feel very sore oil the I ,te
exposure of the Dutch eticrowehroeots in the In-
dont Archipelago. A Brussels Paper of the 20th
says :

" Accounts from Batavia, from respectable authority, and
dated the Ist October, far from mentioning the pretended
insurrection at Semarang, in Jars, say, that the most com-
plete tranquillity reigned in the colony, end that the rchch
Bagoen Serret, the instigator of the troubles at Cheribon, had
been taken, with a great number of his partisans."

Some paragraphs have lately appeared its one or
the London daily Morning Prints, calculated to
aggravate the pain and regret which his MAJI.SIY.,
affil cted state has excited in every class of his loyal
and affectionate subjects. It was with peculiar
satisfaction we found ourselves enabled to glee a
direct and positive contradiction to these it joirorus
aii.l offensive statements, upon the authority of The
It Express, a highly respectable Paper, the
Editor of which resides on the spot, and had every
possible means that his local a:tuation could afford
to acquire accurate information upon the subject,. -
It might have been expected that the Paper in
which these misrepzeseutations originated would
have benefited by this correction, and seized an early
opportunity to acknowledge its errors ; but, instead
of recantation, advice has produced reassertion—
and instead of regret, anger and disappointinent.—.
The Editor of The Windsor Express has, therefore,
found it necessary to recur to the subject. His reply
is given in our sobsequent columns, and will, we
trust, put an end to this di:stressing ContruVersy.—.
Feeling alike on the subject with the writer in The
Windsor Express, " we are not aware that ally
honest purpose can be served in attempting to per-
suade the nation, contrary to the truth, that their
afflicted SOVEREIGN is shut up In ruinous rooms.
We hold it a libel upon the affection of his family.
IRA the duty of the honourable charactris silo Mc
charged to watch over his comforts."

Mr. CLEMENT. the proprietor a The Obserret,
has been charged in some of the Papers as a mere
agent of Government, in circulating the atielellle,it
which 110 been visited. 45 alt with a verdict or
6301. damages. Mr. CisliENT, in hi. Paper ef
yesterday, denies the charge, nod asserts, that a
was a summary of the lute troubles lie the norm of
England, collected by persona in his employment.
tent down to Derby for the purpoSe of leireo.lolog
him with the proceedings on the trials bAure the
Special Conomosion in that town.
Saturday morning the 4eria, 3f. Captain R.
ROWLEY. arrived at Portsmouth froin Newliennd•
land and Lisbon.—She left St. John's on the '2701
of November, when the .Sir Francis Drake (Vler-
Aglillinil Sir CHARLES II AMILTON 13311.); Tumor,
Capt. Hon. J. GORDON ; and tlee Carnation, C y t.
GriasscocK, were lying there, itetendisig to went, r
arrived at Lisbon on the 11th of December, and
left it IS days since. A packet, for Englund, and
Leven, Capt. BARTHOLOMEW'. C.B. for the Coo.:
of Africa, were to sail on the following day. Teets
was no intelligence of importance at either place.
The Lee, -24. Coquette' BLACKER, was a feW days
since suddenly victualled, at Fidenteetle. from the
Spartan. and immediately sated with dispatches
fur a foreign station—it is supposed St. Helen
t.
All the outward-hound nice elm:amen continue
wind-bound at the Nlotherbank.
No vessels arc able to enter Dover Harbour oil
account of the bar, uccuenulatod so much of lair ;
a new harbour has been formed by the grit s
immediately at the back of Payee's Hotel.
The ICoihe.fort, 80, Cspt. W. I'. GREEN, for ti's
Mediterranean; Sapphire, Captain 11 tItT, tor J
maica ; and the Sophie, Sir WILLIAM S%'ISEMAN.
with mails and eli.leatclocs for St. Ht leo& and 11,e
Cape, will sail from Paris-month the first fair
Sir Jamtis kite. Gottuus, K.C.B. on Fr4sy
cototthwAionest the Arlene Ingite, at Po t.htooll.?
for the North Amnions *tattoo. The Actire',i
"ended to relieve the Sort& Sir Lolls.
