BOW-STREET.

FRrEnois or AFRICANS IX i;KGLAND --On Saturdgy, tw,
gentlemen from St. Jamts'.• place, whose names re could cut kilts,
aiveared to support the following stateracnt, made by a native of
Africa

The rung man, a handsome black. said, that a countrymen of
his, a youth about nineteen years of age. was now in the 'craw
of Mr. Fry. a chemist, in the IVestininatzr-road, and we/ideal:vas
of leaving his einployitirnt and hiring himself elsewhere, but that
Mr. Fry would not rat with him; and he was afraid that be might
be sent out of the wintry, and lorcd to return to slavery.
One of the gentlemen here stated, that he had engaged the youth
as his servant, but that he did not appear to his engagement.
d 1 r. Iti sit I'LL desired an officer to proceed to Mr. Fry's
bowie, and bri g the stranger with him to the office.

The ;nicer sbtrrtly returned, attended by Mr. Fry and hi KT-
rau.t, when the young African said, that some time ago he wal,
desirous of leaving NIL Fry's family, on account of iLtrestmen;
received by him lion; a female servant, but the female having
been discharged for such conduct, he was now 1111ZiOUS to rmani.
Mr. Fry, upon his being now called into the office, said, that
he now yaw the person who had tampered with his servant. Led
tried to get him out of his service. _ _

The klagistrate ordered that person to come forward.
A little Frenchman then appeared, who gave in broken English
his name, Monsieur Dressier, • teacher of languages, who said
that Seymour had applied to him to get him another situation,
which he had done.

-"Mi. Fry, however, stated, that flimsier had been employed to
teach the French language to some members of his family, aid
from some part of his conduct he found it reeessary to forbid bun
his house ; from the time, knowing the good opinion to had of
Seymour, as a faithful good servant, Ornisier has been haunting
the neighbourhood, and trying to get the youth out of hii service.
Mr. MinsauLt. commended the conduct of Mr. Fry and his
servant, who left the Sire mutually pleased with each °thy:.
