CAM, MINE, ENFIELD.

NE ESS RS. 111:1C1 IIN anti 1)E liE N lIIAM most rt.-
' smrtfully announce, they will sohnilt to PUBLIC AUC-
TION. at Garraway's Cotres.house, on 'IVES/MY. the 23ds .I*-
nuary. 11e25. at 111, a truly esirable FREI:111/W ESTATE.
(ken
The above highly valuable pr, y adjoins Theobald's Park, two
miles from the North-roail, a I only ten miles front Town. The
Estate consists of a well-Arran/4A faritily mansion, in the centre of
beautiful pleasure ground., suFrounded by a park of thirty-three
,screw, ornamented with dish ponds, plantations, and shrubberies.
T.'te g_ITLICII% 011 'llO north and fast are separated by the New River
frof,‘ Throhahl's lark, and command a most diversified Will eaten-
sive ',eatery over the vicinity and the East x hills. The house and
Aka' are adapted for the TOiitill)Ce of a Nobleman or Gentleman
It larwe establishment, and hate recently undergone a most juili-
citrus an .1 extensive repair. The situation combines the advantage
of rearm ell, with all easy. access to the metropolis, is in the centre
afield spoil,. and the neighbourhoisl is justly celebrated foe its
high reepectabi.lity• stage coaches pass the I.odge gates Haile.May be views'' by tickets only, which, with Particulars and eon.
(hernia of sale. ink , be bad at the offices of Mr. Weinerti, New Or-
mond-street ; at Ale. ens. Machin and Ih:henbanes, Estate Agents;
and at liarraway's Ca srce-use. (7bonge-alley, Combill•

MANSION ANt) I,AN TANINOttE-lIILL, 1111D-
DLESEX.

MESSRS. NIACVII4 and 1/EBENIIAIi have the
honour to .mantuice to the Public, that they will SUBMIT
to PUMA; AUCTION, at Garraway's, on TI7ESI/AY„ tbe2fith
of January, at twelve o'cloe:. it truly valuable PREF:POW
ESTATE, alto its at Staunton-hill, ten miles front London. The
Mansion and Offices are very et..nnuldioun, and well adapted foe
the residence of a Gentleman of r.:llk, and front its contiguity to
the Metropolis, is suitable for the esfablishment of any gentleman
111109 C avocations may require a daily attendance in town. The
"lansion is secluded front the toad by a hilly brick wall, and
situate upon an eminence celebrated for its extensive and beautiful
scenery over the vicinity and the adjoining counties. The neigh-
bourhood is of the first nspeetability, the sitt:Mion dry and healthy.
with an uhunds it supply of excellent water, And the house anti
Mikes are replete with every studied conycnience for a tint-rate esta-
blishment. The Elitate comprises, with the Mansion, about Ltd
acres of very productive paddock, meadow, arable, and wood
land, upon which ore large fish ponds well stocked with title pike,
earl,, and tench ; the woods are abundantly supplied with game;
the pleasure grounds and paddocks are of exceetlitig beauty, anti
commented WWI the oust rare and choice shrubs ; the grounds are
diversified with plantations of thrifty timbers, and belted by a plan-
tation abutting upon the Elstree and Edger:are roads, and the hands
adjoining. Taking into view its manifest local advantages and
truly pictores.pie beauty, it is an Eetate that must command
general admiration.
Hay he viewed by Tickets only, 21 days prior. Particulars and
conditions. with a map of the Estate, may be luta of W. Lyon,
Esq. solicitor, 71, Orem Itussel.street, Bloomsbury; and at the
otHee of 3lessrs. Machin and Dehenham, 21i, King-street, Covent -
garden, of whom may be had cards to view the estate.

TO SPORTSMEN.
I. 1) It 11' IS I I FIE 11 SPORTS ; embracing Practical
1 3 Instruct ions in Shooting, Ilunting, Coursing. Hoeing, Fish-
ing, kr.; with Observations on the Breaking and Training uf !logs
and horses; also, tni the 313114/gement of Fowling-pieces and all
other Sporting Implemints.—By W. 11. SCOTT.
Illustrated with upwards of Sixty highly finished Engravings,
comprehending every variety of subject connected with Field,
Sports, and executed by the moat eminent Artists. In :Ivo. price
in bonrils, or, on royal paper, with proof impressions of the
plates,
2. An ESSAV on III'NTINtl; in which a great variety of
'mist important information is communicated under the heads__
Blunting, Lawfulnes4. Benefits, t ttt r, Pastime, (game. Scent,
Hounds. the Horse. Monism:in, Sagacity, I.r. Ac. Third Edition.
In !Ivo. 7s. hoards, or in Ito. 12s.
3. IIEl'EFORI) on 111'N'I'INfi. A New Edition, in Ova
with numerous ruts, mice Its. in boards.
" Mr. Itsckford has so well described the present practice. and
Riven such solid and rational advice on the subject, that Ills TlTJ-
tie has, from the date sit its publication, become a general Text
Hook : indeed, all persons that delight in Field Spurts should be
in possession of it."
4. The SIB. /TER'S COMPANION. By T. B. Johnson.
ennitircheilding a description of l'ointers and Setters, and of such
flints as are the object of pursuit ; of Scent, and the reason why
one dog's sense of smell is superior to another's ; the Fowling-piece
fully considered, particularly as it relates to the use of percussion
powiier ; Bloating illustrated, and the art of shooting Hying sins.
plitied anti clearly laid down; tile Gime laws familiarly ex-
! piniticil, New Edition, considerably enlarged and improved,
price its. in boards, illustnited with three fine engravings by
I 1.:m.1.4,er.. .

. .......
•"11'his is a well written and well arranged production."—Literary

The SPORTSMAN'S REIN ISJTOR V, comprising a Series
of highly-finished Engravings, representing the horse and the 'big,
in all their executed in the Line Manner, by Mr. John
Scott, fr,itit original Paintings by Marshall, Iteinaisle, Gilpin,
Stubbs, and Cooper: accompanied with a comprehensive descrip-
tion of the dillerent species of each. and a variety of information in
Training and the Amusements of the Field. By W. 11. Stott.
Author of " British Field Sports." Urgently printed in lto. and
embellished with Forty highly !hushed copper-plate Engravings
and numerous Vl'doll Cuts, price W. 3s. buarda, or may be had in
Six Parts. &I. each.
KUNONEDIA : A PRACTICAI. EASAV on the
BREAKING and TRAINING the English SPANIEL, and
PI/INTER ; to which are added, Instructions Inc attaining the Art
of Shooting Flying; MOM immtdiAtely addressed to young Sports-
men, but designed also to supply the best mrrns of correcting the
MOOS of sonic older ones. By the late W. I hilsson, Esq. of Eden
Ural, Cumberland. In one volume price Ids. ad. boards.
7. S4)3IEItVILE'S celebrated farm of the ; a New
Edition, with Plates by Scott, Gs.
printed fur .`shrrwirod; Jones, and Co. Paterncster-row,

On {Veda: Way last eeting was held at
the Royal E 'change. Dublin.
About halt epast twelve, the Lord Mayor took the Chair.
Mr. I. LILL PATRICK COMInaT.Ced the buskins, by reading
die Resulutio as adopted at the last meeting.
The Loam. Nero. then invited Mr. Cropper to explain
views to the e membly, as some might not have been present at the
last meeting.
Mr. Cane wen rose, and said-1 should not trouble the ince:lag
with any all dons to inyself. had it nut been said by some
that I have a personal interest in the projects which I propose
for adoption. -although I inn unwilling to ocucpy the atten-
tion of the eseeting with details regarding myself, yet I consider
that, where the public juiciest and national benefit are at stake, It
does but behove us to be too dinette in the discharge of our
duty. I shall therefore explain what the °hems were which
lest me to the pursuit in which I ant engaged, mai in. which I seek
for your co-operation. The tinie I first read Smith's Irealta yf
Notions, wherein it is shown diet slavery. 11.11tTeTtf it existed.
has been dime away by the competition of labour—when 1 eon.
sidcred the advantage likely to flow so the West India stale, by the
opening of the East India markets—l turned my serious attention
to dm tate the fiestas of etlecting these objects. A few years M•l4
haring, realized • property sufficient to satisfy my noressides and
nay washes, I felt it my duty to retire from business, and dedicate
my time, and whatever talents I ;sossessed. to the advent: men: of
nay fellow-creaturn. (.%ppl tear.) I did retire for the most part,
though nut entirely, for 1 still retain a very email interest in the '
East India trade. I devoted my time and my atft-ntion for
three years to the cosiaiderattun of slavery as it elated in the
%Vest India,. It has been urged, as an objection to such in-
qgfillig that our attentionwevid Mmore peopor/y directed .1
-'evititiort of &Mel 'at home; it is me. distortsa
does exist at home. hat I hams found, in nay teller
suit, that the two objects are inseparable, and that the relief
of slavery in the 14'est Indies is the only source of alleviation for
the distress in Ireland. To open the markets, to give her a
free trade, an unrestricted commerce with the world is the only
way in Which the wants of her populetioa can be supplied.
With theme impirasions, I did intend to have visited this country
earlier in the wason, but ill-health obliged me to postpone my
coming until lately, when, although I had henrd ninth of the
misery of the Irbil' population, I tenni! those accounts far sor.
pained by the wretchedness which 1 witnessed in the South of
Ireland, to which my suasion was principally directed. (Ilear4
Tirty or forty years ego the population in the South of Ireland had
full entployment in tae hand-spinning of worsted. The town of
Chime] alone, at that period, as I learned from a gentleman whom
I met there, was able to afford employment to 10,090 hands in that
manufacture, and such was the anaiet v to procure spinners.that tine
were often paid their wages before hand. At present the case is
totally altered. What is the reason that Ireland, pessessing such
natural advautages.as she sines, should be in a worse condition than
any other country in Europe ? The reason is obvious : it arises
(torn her vicinity to the machinery of England. When machinery
was introduced, the demand for manual labour, of course, declin-
ed, while the population of Ireland increased. Agriculture is an
impuflicient source of employment for your vast population : you
must, therefore, look for something to supply the deficiency ; you
niust regain what you have lost ; you were once a mataufacturing
country ; you me no longer so. If the people are to be employed,
it must be by manufaclurea. and by the Minden:non of machinery.
It' machinery be introduced, then the nest thing to he provided is
a market foe your manufactures. and in that I think there will be
little difficulty. VOU cannot adopt the Woollen Trade whit any
hope of being able to compete with England without her advanta-
ges of machinery. As to the Linen Trade, that is in great danger
at followitig the woollen. The English, by the help of their Dia-
ehilery, ate beginning to undersell the Irish manufactures. l'haat
which seems to hold out the greatest prospect of relief is the Cotton
Trade. It' this trade were once established in Ireland, there windt!
he ;no difficulty in finding a market for the produce. Thine are
eighty millions in India. who will gladly take your goods, if you
will take theirs in return. The expense of manufacturing cotton in
India may be thus stated : if • limey(' of India. who is engaged in
manufacturing colic° were to turn his labour to the cultivation of
sugar, and were to send the produce of his labour to Ireland, lie
would receive in return five pieces of calico, while he would 1,0
making one, provided that the duty on Ent India sugar were mo-
derated, not to say removed, lint there is another source which, I
think, could be easily made to supply a rent for your manufactures.
Ily their charter, the East India Company arc bound to tell their
teas on as low terms as they can be procured on the Continent,
otherwise Government can grant a license to individuals to import
them. And are the Company now adhering to this stipulation ?
At what me are they selling their teas ? %Illy, they sell Eohea
tea for 2.5. lid. a pound, which can he purchased in New York for
I have heard it said that a 'ileac has been lately introduc-
ed, by which It is provided that nu one shall import without a li-
cense from the Company. But even if this be the case, it does not
do away the original clauses. l'hey still remain, and all that can
be raid is that one clause contradicts another, there can be little
doubt that, if a proper application were made tam the Legislature,
they would rntore the charter to its original footing ; for the East
India Company was intended for the benefit of the ptvple, and not
as a source of taxation. Government do not find it easy to deal
with powerful bodies, but when they 'recalled upon by a both, still
more powerful, namely, the people, they will, no doubt, attend to
the call, and consult the interests of the people. At'itli
regard t'a the benefit of giving occupation to the people,.
that is von nianitem, for it is clear that if time a population ot
3111,1111, whore .2tokutill would be competent to do the work, we
remove Maisel, we relieve the remaitaler ; but if, instead of send-
ing them out of the country, we give them eimaloyinent, we render
them conithrtable, besides Whittling relief to the others. I have
been told titan arrangement making by Government for the end-
ration of seven hundred families, at an expense of 35/. for every
individual. Suppose these people go out of the country, the nation
receives no further benefit from their labour; whereas, if they were
supplied with employment, they would contribute to the support of
the revenue by the consumption of nixed articles. There Is still
another subject to which I wish to call the attention -of the Meet-
ing. It is considered that there is sufficient capital in the coueitry,
for the establishment of manufactories, but if that be not the case,
we all know that there are numbers of absentee landowners, who,
it' meney were lent then, at the rate of four per cent., would be
enabled to nay Mil their mortgages, and the money thus set at
liberty, mum seek for other eniployment, and would probably be
applied to manna:luring purpose'. Mr. Cropper concluded by
Keying, that as lie had before fully explained the nature of his plan,
he contented himself with the foregoing general outline, and, if oc-
ClSiall should seize in the course of the discussion. he would be
happy to answer any questions that might be put to Itha. Ile son:
anxious that every objection might be stated, to which his plan up-
peared liable. Iles a sat down amidst general approbation.
Mr. Wm. It. Goistwess rose to move the lint reolution, ex-
pressive of the misery of the peasantry of Ireland, and the necessity
of some effectual relief. Mr. Guinness regretted that he was un-
prepared to treat the subject as its importance required.
Thu first revolution MAI put and carried unanimously.
Mr. J 4111174 DAVID liavouctke moved the second resolution,
that -celi relief could be afforded only by employment on an extend-
ed scale. A plan was in'OpPlett to effect that object. The plan should
be eaantined, and if it should prove worthy of adoption, as he had
no doubt it would, he trusted that Dublin would not be backward
with subscriptions to promote so desirable a purpose.
The motion was earned unanimously.
The third resolution, marporting that agriculture was iosufficien
to furnish employment to the people, was moved by Mr. JAMES
%CCM:tied by Mr. JOlll4 TODIII:MTCR, And carried
I unanimously.
' :11r. 111-11iti DE moved the fourth resolution, which was seconded
by Mr. If m. Ilmintwo.
Mr. 111'3111 "LEN begged to offer a few wails, in eonsc,uenee
of the invitation held out by 3lr. Cropper that every one should ex-
press his sentiments. He thought that there wools! be groat diffi.
why in obtaining the aid of tionniment in opening the East India
trade: but he suggested that Ireland hod unanswerable claims on
the tlovernment„ which ought to be brought forward as a right,
not as a matter of favour. Ile alluded to the equalization of duties
in the two kingdoms, which, by the articles of Union. was stipu
lated only in case the incensed prosperity of Ireland should set her
upon a footing of equality with England. Mr. M'Mullen then
adverted to the increase pf duty upon coals, contra', to contract,
and, as an instance of the pernicious eflians to the country, be
mentioned an instance of a Company haring been about to pur-
chase Moira (louse for the estabiialinient of a manufactory, and
being deterred by the high price of coals, which were 21e. a ton,
and the consequence is, Raltl Mr. 31-Mullen. tbet that edifice is'
now the receptacle of 1,4011 beggars. (A laugh.) Ile concluded
by recommending a allTatAni3 CO-OpCIPAiOII with Mr. Cropper, and
that the claims of Ireland should be tweeted, which, he was per-
suaded, the Government was fully disposed to recognise.
Mr. e)'Nzt 1.1. brought forward the fifth resoluuun, which was
seconded by Mr. Mot.t.o v.
Counsellor WOTT.ET, in moving the sixth monition, said,
My Iced Mayor, I art glad to have an opportunity of express-
:4 toy opinion of the importance of the measure which now en-
gages our attention. It is gratifying to see a measure calculated to
embrace in its utility all classes of the community, not emanatirw
from any
.particular denomination, but the unanimous work of all
classes inuisennainately. However inconsistent it may appear that
one whose trade it is to speak, should leave recourse to an apology,
yet the topic under discussion this day is vu distinct from those to
which my study has hitherto been directed, that I feel it necessary
to bespeak the indulgence of the meeting for my want of prepara-
tion. The resolutions which have been read, express truths too
clear to require any argument to enforce them. It is too notorious
that the etawmous population iu the South of Ireland arc destitute
of food and raiment, and in want of every necessary of life. It is
undoubted, I myself know it by experience, that they are gifted
with induetry, undenitending, and energy, can -Waled to conduce to
the benefit of themselves, and the advantage of the country. The
question to be convidered is, bow to provide employment for the
lemmas population. When I say immense population, I am far
from meaning redundant population (Hear); • inn I am persuaded
that the .llnaighty never created s living being witheut endowing
him with faculties for his support, if those faculties were directed
into a tomer cosine. 14 is a favourite dogmawith certain poli-
tical philosophers, to cry out against the increase of popals.

eravinot.lolty4kulenurifor "dal
That
miiiothae;soulfreyeouofealnaytiopronaltintckiarejitstivit '1
cant
population, its increase most tedd to tin:tonal advantage lied eat
nth (Hear, hear.) Such employment is pie:raided by the site
and benevolent measure propeneerfor adoption, winch, like many
ether wise and benevolent measures, en.atiates from the Sister
!Kingdom t it supplies both the itwoaters, the want of wiliest has
hitherto kept the people pool, namely capital to carry cm them
Industry, and a vent-for the proluce or that industry. littt diem
is no want of industry. its the people is well known ; I myself can
bear test:mon, to the fact from oty ono experierfee. A cry afar
friend of mine established, is the South of Ireland, a mar talke- .
hire or wonted seeking' for the use of the American nagtoesg
his moans were limited, told he could oely silent to pay J. to eves
1 I Id. mday ; and yet,. fur this misetsble stipeed„ thousands oe
11.L4usslupfapbed* e Tsteinhisr :..Itingfirsnit°ctnn,igioacuarr.:lllbuygn7gedtoili:ristel,mwspitudrbuiihatiiikti?„,saijiftt,asenera2ttihjtneh.:.atieloa:-,cadr:tu;rloising.l'ira"..-
(icte4l7:aaears.s" tit ett)labv;thoredriLutalhilstminitihse
shilling o week, many pan: creatures, who bad been used !olive
on nothing but -potatoes, erabltd to promise seuteilting like,
comfort, and to add some mmt or milk to their benibie meal. My
Lord, the resolution states that the I,ritat filanufagure in lrelekm„
is yielding to the effects of the Etegintit mathiriery. It is a general
complaint. that the English limes are beating the lent' met of the
market, particularly the coarse torts. I myself hare latterly beets
assured by a gentleman exteniively connected in that trade, duo ho
found it almost impossible to Ft:acute the yotallott profs to non.
aerate bis toils, in omseitoenee of the low r-tth of Ike Enslisli
nianufacture. (Hear, hear.) The grand ~kleet theecforc tv„
to fled a demand ft)r ti.h• industry of the people, and to create
sapple. This demand is presided by opening the East India
market • foe there can he no question mat me perulatio:: cc India
ia suffilent to coniume t.te produce, Lou uely of Ireland, but oe
three. C.Nlntrioll of equal extra. Arm:bare emir, threefore. to re-
I-memo tee rourietiotts %Mama to tiousenatme, ' Ilse
coninturi,nition between mankind in the East and in the I est. As '
on: climate produces fruits white, are necessary for the subsistence
or the connect of the inhabitants or another, the ttee cede(' amt-,
mercy is to conibinethese variousadvamages le: the benefit of each.
I.e. us, therefore, establish an interchange tat commodtties, by
' eschangimc our superfluities for the comforts stipplied by the
tropical • mates. But it 113. Wen argued that the peasantry
very well dispense with the luxury sit sugar. This I take to be a
shallow view of the subject. The way to create industry in the pre.'
pie, is to make them feel the want or luzatiot. to raise them above
the level of the beast; ter what distinetioe is there between 111311
std the beast ? The beast is satisfied with the mere necemaries tes
support animal existence : but man must hat e some wish to satisfy ;
Ihe must have an object to attain. By making him desire more,
you will imake hint useful ; yott draw out the energies of his mire!,
you glee him an interest in the community, yen asiiiitilete his con-
, illtioa to that of the inhabit:tuts of a country, sets- contiguous tit
point of situation. bat very remote tat habits. hy is the peasant
the South of Ireland niacin, after a meet barely tuificient to
sustain nature, to throw himself down under a hovel, incapable et'
protecting him front the inclemency of thc weathie, while the Eng-
lish peasant requires substantial food and a conthei table bed ? The
reason is, that the Irish peasant is accustomed to Jed:genre. and
never felt the blessing of cenifort ; but give film lasurtee, acrd will think them necessary ; he will it.. longer, as soon as lie cart
make himself mesterei' a quarter of en acre of ),mound, mares and
beget a tinily of children, to be reared m the same iteligs: ,e to
which himself has been used. Introduce manufacture,. a:,c! you
will make him a useful member of society ; yeu will attic the
country the solicitude that must be felt from a vast unemployed po-
pulation, rolling itself like a troubled sea eztoactl to the agi.atten -
of every atom., to what purpose God only knows. (Applause.)
Although distress is now president, there have been titres oh, n it
was even worse ; I am not an old man, yet I perfectly reeoner the
time when the peasant in the :Muth of Ireland. to which I beleng,
used to come to market bare-fluted and bure.legged, and allogethe.-
drstitute of sufficient taiment. This is no longer the case. W NB-
ever may be his distress Irithill dotes, the peasant aiwars appears is
public with shoes and stockings, 11141 wears a crave:. 'I Ileac am
trifling details, but they show at least dint the wretchedness of the
peasantry is not increasing. Another thing is, their houses ape
now better than they were t wilily years back ; them are none rosy
built on so small dimensions as they were at that thee. I have
mentioned these particulars, to show that it is unjust to attribute
}weeny to the increase of puptiiiition-1 have produced them as
, Foote that the inmate of population is the consequence of o-
verty, which sinks the tieople in littleness, and deprives them of
energy or spirit to look beyond the destitution to which they are
doomed. When they are occupied, lam persuaded the population
will be found too few. The benevolent tientienuin who has brought
us together dais day has adverted to the emigretion of 7Hir (=ibis ;
I would ask how would this measure bend the coutory ? V.
proportion wi4el they bear to the immense population of the cont.
try e Their o,see would he instantly filled, and they would ro
! more be missed than a smell quantity of water out of thence:en, hot
the lose of capital which their removal miter cause will make the
country Infinitely peony. The poverty of the emmtry arias front
the disparity between bee capital and her puuslation, asnl
parity must be considerably increased by the min-mature of 351. rt
every individual, for there is not 351. in Ireland tin every man.
(Several persons exclaimed "No ; nor 33 pence.) If we po os
chipping the people toff we will soon final ourselves without money
and with a population scarcely diminished. And now let in ask,
who arc they that enngrate ?—Are they the idle, are they the irdes.
lent, are they the vicious ? No ; they are the flown- of our tea,
They;are thou. who possess industry, who posuris under-
standing, anti who have glint to exercise their facni.ies, telAr
choose rather to try their fortunes in the woods of America. to risk
themselves among savages and beasts, theft to drag on a iiieseraVe
existerce at home. Mr. Iroulfe fun' ended by thatilthig the Lord
.layer for the attention that lied been shown to him.
Mr. 1/'Nutet. proposed the seventh Resolution.
Mr. Illoseor, in seconding it, said, that if he understoo4 the last
I observation made by the philentlimpie gentleman who hrough:
therm! the measure, it was not that every gentleman shoold re.
I echo his sentiments, but if he entertained a doubt, that hi-should
Propose it. it was clear, that whatever was the muse, the ponu'a-
tatm was at present too nutnrrous for its means of suppt et. In re-
gaud to the use oft:on:xi he quite agreed with Mr. Cropper. l'ottot
was an inexhaustible source; it was a cheap and a universal rum!.
The only doubt lie (Mr. Molloy) felt was. whether it was quite et.
establishment
ntoienCttnli,irlieniantiluefo.icipeonieLing oflitelietilmil;aosttlintiltnift.t;e7t,d,:t kaittilivathrie
to stake the establishment of the trianufaaories on the chance of the
success of 3 measure to which the floystrnment might be consi•ltted
hostile. With regard to an advance of money by the lhorernmctot,
he thuught this a question of some delicacy, as to the:ems:mg estab-
lishment of the country.
Mr. I'ATUICL 1110 rel the eighth resolution, our:wining 11131.
restricted trade between this country and India was a subject de-
serving or serious consideration.
Mr. tlaosruntaiTt: objected to this motion.
111r.C1401`1•En brit Ily replied to the objections which hsel been
raised. _ _

Alter which 31ciors. I..arnuctlit and LEADER spokt in licoue
of the original resolution.
'l'he resolution was sdepti.-d in its oririne form.
111 r. Jost: wit Pl M mired, and 3lr. BENJA us Gt. E 4.2.
Cotfiled. the ninth rt:wilut inn.

31f.:4TFIKART sod Mr. Dann's' spoke in support .of 31r,
Cropper's plaits.
The tenth resolution was brought forward by 31r. tiouLD, and
seconded by Air.
Mr. OUINNMSS moved, that • Committee should b- appoint-it
to devise means for carrying the objects of the resale/ions" Imo ef-
fect. This motion was seconded by Mr. Woulfe, and the folio..
tog gentlemen were appointed as the (.'ommittee :—.Mrs r'. Bruit.
Into Guinness, James Cropper, Joseph Pim, l'aiti Lill Patrick,
John David I,ateitiche, S. Woolf; John t l'Britn, John Todhunt-
er, Pinto Alexander Leslie, 'l'lloinas Pins, 'Janie% 31arrin
Thomas Kirwan, Peter Brophy, J.iniri Pint, and JohtsM•dtulleit.
Mr. Senn/ass said one duty remained, and COT•llid:ft'd him-
pelf fintunate in being the iitelividual to whose le: that duty had
fallen, the more particularly as the performance of it wool., not ix.-
cupy any length ut tutee, as at that late blur of the day, and t.- ht.,t
day of the year, he would consider it improper to detain the dinn-
ing. Ile then moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Cropper, wilt, ta was
seconded by Mr. 644111(.43.
Mr. Caoorr professed himecif gratified at Me notice iti!'t
which his propositions had been favoured by that highly respectattc
meeting of the wealthy and diatinguishtd dlerehants Dublin ; beet
ho felt still Inure gratified at the prospect of :I:fiction:ion opened by
the decisions of that day to the country, whose rcception of him had
filled his breast with sentiments of gratitude which be felt it impos-
sible to convey.
Mr. MAIIONY, in proposing the 13th resolution. he knew
the meeting would be gratified to hear that he had retie .vcd a "cistu-
mitnication front capitalists in London, who concurred tr. Mr. Cro-
pper's views, inquiring how that gentleman hat; been riTeitred vt
and sitting the goofiness of many collie usts rei
en:laark two-thirds of the necessary fonds. ir the frith peer.le would
contribute the remaining third. Mr. Alahtiny then nutted, thin in
order to give publicity to the proposed objects, the resolutions
should he inserted in each of the Dublin, and three of the been
dun newspapers. The motion ou seconded and carried unai,e-
moitsly.
Mr. PATRICK trortd, seconded by Mr. Tedltunter. that 'AI r.
Maliony should be added to the Leinmiecc, whirl' was courted
unanimously.

Mr. PATltleg then mnved Aft. Latourte to the ( hair. 'lbw,la
were voted w the Lord Mayor, and the Mee flog lauke

On IVednesday. at the conclusiort of Guy Mannerist", at
Ilrury-lane, the rope that suspended the elan balance (4,1
three hundred weicht) to the drop curtain gave way, and
the ponderous mass fell sixty fret, bearing all before it
through the floors to the butttm of the stag,•. ft pasts'
the side of one person, ant. a large piece of timber All cm
Miss Posey's head, and wounded her severely. A me teat
later, and Mira Stephen', with several mkt', who vserg
running into the tire,. ri-rcom, might have met with most
dreadful injury, if not death. itre arc happy to hear
that Miss Povry :4 better, although still suffering ton-
siderably.
