FROM 111 F PIRIS P‘PFRS.

TARIS, MARC/4 24.
The Essrrana returned yesterday from Mal-
maison to Paris at eight o'clock at night. On
his an ival, he went to visit his sister, the Printers
CAROLINR, who was delivered about three days.l
ago of a daughter, and the Princess 13914Glicsa.
This morning, at ten o'clock, His M est- v
received the congratulations of the Council of State.
the Members of which were introduced into the
Hall of the 'rhrone by the Grand Master of th- Ce-
remonies, At eleven o'clock the Senate, in a Body,
were introduced by the Grand Master of the Cere-
monies, and •presented by his Imperial Highness
the Grand Eledor to His M A-1134 Y, who re-
ceived them seated upon his throne, and surrounded
by the Princes, Ministers, Grand Officers of the
Crown, of the Empire, and of the Howehold.
His Excellency Prince Musa "goo, the Arnim:-
sador from Spain. was admitted to a private audi-
e..ce, at which he delivered his credentials.
After several presentations, His MAJESTY went to
muss at twelve o'clock. The Bishops of R Nees
and NI kAt; X. presented by the Grand Almoner. took
the oath between the hands of the Est r Lao".
After mass, the EMPAIICOR reviewed the troops
assembled in the Court of the Palace, and upon the
Place of Cat-ouzel. Upon his return to the Palace,
a Deputation of the French Academy presented to
him the speech of M. Lacer ru.t., upon his recep-
tion as successor of M. De LAHARP4, and the an-
swer of M. MORCLLET.
His MaJESTV having entered his Cabinet, his
Imp:rial Highness the Con sssss e presented for
the oath, which they took between the hands of the
EMPEROR, the following persons :

Ilia kacelltenev General Krone, Marechal of the Empire.
The General ni Ihei.rou, Dangest.
The General. of Brigade, Cavioi., Manet, and Leclerc.

His MAJIATV then held a Privy Council, which
was attended by the Princes, the Ministers of Inte-
rior, of Finance, and Police; Senators L•c cr
and PERlG•ivti ; Councellors of State RrbcWAeu (de
Saint A a I), &C.
His MA.ts+ry hiving retired to his apartments,
MADAME, mother of the EMPEROa, presented to
him the Ladies and Officers of her Household
Cllere follow the names.] At three o'clock l lis hi•-
) ESTI' set out for St. Cloud.

/111141, fIitITISI-I P

IPNDON,
MONDAY, Aran 8.

Ever since the opening of the budget, several of
the papers have amused their readers with daily ac-
counts of new alliances, continental co-operation,
and extended warfare. Each successive mes-
senger from th• Notch has been announced as
the bearer of a subsidiary treaty with Russia and
Sweden. It was only in the case of Prussia and
Austria that tl,e public were allowed to suspea any
thing like lukewarnmess. It is an ungrateful task
to speak despondingly in a good cause, but we at the
same time felt it our duty not to encourage an over
sanguine et pedation. We have, therefore, occasional-
ly mentioned our doubts and fears upon the subjea,
and we now find that the very Prints, who were the
most confident in their promised continenul alliance,

have come completely round to our opinion. For
this correct view of affairs, we arts:tiot indebted to
any extraordinary degree of sagicity. It re-
quired only an attentive examination of the
Foreign Journals to arrive at our conclusion.
It is now the month of April, and wnhave.not yet
been able to perceive, even on p.tper, the marching
and taunter-matching of troops, the recruiting and
other necessary preparations of war in Russia and
Sweden. We all know the bustle and aftivity that
•precede even the fitting out of a little secret expedi-
tion in England. What noise and rumour must
precede the breaking out of a war between Ft:ince
and the Northern Powers, the splitting, as it were,
of all Europe into two'. pieces? The prints is
which w'e allude will not 'candidly awn their error,
while they admit the fat.—Theystate thivenir,4 _
of dispatches from St. Petersburgh, of tire I Ith of
March, announcing the disinclination of she
ror of RUSSIA to draw the, sword against Frari.:,
and to this they attribute the depression of the
Funds on Saturday. Now we will •venture to
sett that the depression of the Funds has not Area
yirodoced by any suds dispatches, and that the luke-
arinness of the Northern Powers has been nn stet.
priie in the city. The principal cause of the fall of
3 the Funds is the state of our West India Crlonies.
It is not only probable that part of the Toulon Beet
is out ; but apprehensions are farther entertained that
four of the Brest fleet, and two 71s, from VOrier,

may have also escAped.'llte Pallas frigate, just arrived
at Plymouth, is said to have been chased by two
745. Some, however, assert, that the vessels which
chased were the humeri elite and Meipossenerrigarfs.
The Haniburgh Mail due yesterday arrived tut
night.—The Emperor of GERMANY, it LI thought,
will not vi.it duly this year, but its new King, the
mock Emperor of FRANCE, was expected to set nut
for that country ori the 91st is preceded
by IS:4,MM-in-law, the meek Prince BEAUHAINOIS,
Who has arrived at Milan, and is to be married to
the Queen of Ereoara.—The King of NAPLES, it
is said, has not ratified the convention of neutrality
with France.

A report prevailed on Saturday, upon the al.
'fruit authority of il private letter from Paris, that
1),E.1.11 130 N •reatt e has been put under arrest.—
Joss.o has been the favourite brother of the tyrant ;
ticl, from his mild and moderate temper, the least
ikely of all the family to offend him. We have re-
eived the Paris Paders up to the 2(th, from which it
appears that .li,srr is attended in his quality of Grand
iide:tor at the Court of the 'fhuilleries, on the 24th;
consequently, if any 'such measure has taken place,
it must be subsequent sn that time We have Oa
from the IlLiiieur, the account of the manner in
which the mock EsiPEROII, spent that day.! It is 4
servile imitation of the etiquette of St. James's.

We have received Dutch Papers to the 28th Usti
and private letters to the 2d instant. On she 23th,
the Ilatavian Dire fury of State p.asied two decrees,
in pursuance of the resolutions of the Legislative
Assembly, eme for raising a loan from property,
and the other for submitting to the people the plea
Hof the aew Constitution.
We have received New-York Papers to the 3d of
March, but they contain no news of importance.
Judge CH asx's defence had not closed on the 231
Fe'aruary.

In a preceding column is given a satisfactory
account of the strong position of Prince Rupert's
Heal, to which General Pazvosr has retired with
his forces. The French hal advanced to Ports•
mouth, in Prince Rupert's Bay, within two miles ,1
the Head, on the morning of the 26th Februarsi
but hrd not on the Isl'th attempted any measures
against it.

On SourdAy morning His MaJISTY, neural's-
nied by General Fr rzioy, Stc. took the divelsien oi
stag-huntiog ; the deer was turned out at Langley
Broom, and taken near Burnham.
I ler MAJESTY and the PRINCESS'S took an Airing
to Frogmore.
Yesterday His MAJ SST T and tbe ince,es
Avousva, Many, and ANSEL' A. ACCollivaiiled bY
Count ML PISTILit, General FIT ZILOY JMajor
PRICE, walked to St. George's Chapel, and heed
a Sermon by Dr. Cooßsoef, from the tst of Corin-
thians, llth chapter, and 26th verse. After p -
vine Service, the Roy at FAm IL,/ took an Ai0..4

to Frogmore
On Saturday morning the iII,SSIAN .;M143":
Dos D'ADSAAed business at L rd MuLtaay.s
Office, from one till four o'clock.
The expedition has not yet sailed from Ports.
mouth.
The Gazette of Saturday night contains long
details respecting quarantine.
Fourteen privateers sailed from New Providence,
Bahamas, withinProce,
twelve hours after they received
letters of Marque against Spain.
It is said that Viscount Msi.vi it's friends io•
tend to move this day, in the !louse of Commons
for a Sstret Croortwilke, to examine Lathe: into the
charges contained in the loth Report u 1 the Navill
Commissioners, and to contend that the choler
should be substantiated by a trial in a Court of Li"
before it could be made a ground,rfor Parliamentell
proceeding.

-

~` _._._

The
cizni
he GI
, of a

:ouPle
erred
ppollr
c 8
Dilutee d

from

Co'
Carbil

De CI

cot
tm
1.4
Tubs

iGa A
turd
we t
more

(air,
vok
fed,
by t
N

Pori

pan,

A iis -sr,
CUNCEKIN.t,
The first Ladies' Concert was held at Ladyr
Ines's. Hill-street, Berkeley-square. on Fri..l,ay
v~pt lest, under the diredtion of DI &GONETT I.
the Grand ball room was the scene of anion. It
of an elliptic form, and will accommodate 100
couples of dancers. The ceiling Is most superbly
,areed. In the center is a medallion representing
pistil() and the Muses, with greupes of Cupids, ex-
ecuted is a masterly style. The hangings and fur-
niture ate orange satin, embroidered and gold
frames. Six very large glasses with lustres on either
side complete the coup d'art. The Concert com-
menced with a favourite Symphony from HA VON,
and concluded with a Su/trots% by STOR ACE.
DUNA VIGANCIPII, and toasts.,, who acquitted
themselves in their several sole:, dem.,s &c. in the
most masterly style, and received great applause
from a tiumerous and elegant circle.
Amongst the company were,
His Royal Highness the Doke of Cambridge.
The Mardnottes. of Winchetter.
Conntesses-,—Derby, Bridgewater, Stanhope, Albemarle,
Carlumpren, Clanhrassil, Asliburnhem, Druid.
Bortngrlon, tel.lelmay A. Cumberland,
De Cl4Prid, 'fished, G. Bucley, Hollaws, Stnah, Burgess,
cles
a, Wolehouse , E Hutktn, and Archer.
Slarelissee—Staff rd and Wolchester.
The Portuguese Ambassador.
E 411—Derby, Bridgewater, Stanhope, Cassilie
Ceuta Stahremberg, and Count G Stahremberg.
Lords-11..ningion end Wodehouse.
Sto—John Leicester, J Brddeh, and N. Holland.

The Managers of the Vocal Concert gave their
Subscribers a Concert of much novelty on Friday
evening. A scene from the celebrated !locum( of
GI ACM, translated by Dr. CALcoTT, was performed
for the first time. It is a very fine composition, but.
we think, rather too heavy for these Concerts, and
• more calculated for a Church. A sequel to 0 Lady
jfar, composed by ANACREON MOORE, for five
voices, and double choir, had a most delightful ef-
feet, and was deservedly encored. It was supported
by the whole vocal strength of the Concert.
Mrs. MOUNT • IN'S COOCCIE closed on Friday.

THE COUNTESS OF KINGSTTLY'r ROUT.

This Lady gave A grand Rout at her house in
Port'awl-I/ace, on Thursday eveni:ig The com-
pany were numerous and elegant ; we observed the
fellowing:
The Marquis and Marehinnevi of Hsi Void
Coontro.a—CAnntesi, C.Lin brood, Limerick, Leitrim,
hluuntnorri., and /Mem.' rle.
Lwbri—.Milierore. Ann, ti• 0 ff..rd, Shee, Long-
horn, Drohien,xl, Almeria and Susan Carpenter, Hawley, and
ft,,on•-• Crofton.

friturt-4,-I'hfmn: yea, Burrow, Cooke, Paget, 'Vaughan,
Maani..r, Kell', C.lver,, 4 Nior t;;Amery
o, Mottr. Gerson, Grant, and
Hem.
Ear.-I.,itrim and Mmintinere.

Str...Winians Lanehanr, Aldred Clarke, Henry Dashwand,
Wilt •u kirdr, and Robert Gagnon.
G. n ral Miller and Calomel Browne.

Lord o.a.64ertain's Office. •Ip• 1105.

KWm %leeway.% consinaewi that ail Nei &lights el tile
With, and f'atock, who shall be pirent It the In.
;stailatiots of the Knitlite of the Mott Noble (hetet of the Go-
Ow, ion the 23n1 lista.% at Wirid,or Gale, d t appear in the
Collars of their retpettive (Meta

Her Majesty will havr a 'Scarring Room at Right °Vim+ in
the Evening, when, a, timing the c•-ressony in the morose',
the Lashes arc to be in fail dresa, without hoops, and the Gen.
tietnen in full derv., or in naval or militant unshirrii.
N B. The Court will aouear out of Nonrorluß on the occa-
sion and nu persons wit be adinitted to St George's Chapel,
or 11411, in ~owning

Yesterday Lord and Lady ELLtor gave a grand
dinner to a large party of Nobility, at their huuse in
Downing-street.
On Saturday was married at St. George's, Han-
over-square. Lady est•ai.orra TOWNSHLT4O, the
daughter of the Earl of LLICZSTIIt, to the eldest
sun of Sir CECIL BISHOP.

The Earl of DERRY gave a grand dinner on
Saturday to the Marqu;s of DOUGLAS, F...arls Cow-
PIA and A L SEM ARL L, Vi COYnrO6ICLSTONE, Lord
Kota, Lird H. Parry, Lord A. HAMILTON, Mr.
Fox, Mr. Cosy, Mr. KING, and Mr. ORD.
Countess MACARTNET gave a Grand Musical
Partys Oa Friday evening, at her house in Curzon-
street.

The Earl and Countess of Eit ev will leave town
so-morrnw, for their seat at the Oaks.
The Earl of Rnstl'itY will leave town this morning
for his seat in Kent, where his Lordship intends to
remain for a fortnight.
The Welsh Club held their second meeting at the
Thatched House, St. Jassies's•street, on Friday.
lagrd and La ty Ls DESPENCER will leave town
is a few days. Her Ladyship will not return until
after her arriairhemeai
The Earl and Countess of CASSIUS give a grand
inner to-morrow.
The Orera of I.a arinenze di Stipieue was per-
formed to a crowded house, on Saturday night.
The liengal Club gave a most sumptuous dinner
at the Thatched House, St. Jansm's-street, on
Thursday, consisting of 170 covers. The Marquis
CORNWALLIS WAS present, and took leave of the
company previons to his departure for India. WAR..
UN I lasru4as. Esq. presided.
The Cupids, so justly admired, on the ceilings of
the Premier Baron Lord I.c DE Se errecit, we under-
stand, were invented and painted by that inim.table
and favourite artist, Mr. ANT. Co a r avz, of lii,per
Bet kley-street, Portman-square.
The Bombay Club had a superb dinner on Thurs-
day last, at the St. Alban's Tavern. It was served
in the very best style.
STOR•CL has been discharged from Covent-
Garden, upon the ground that she of no use with-
ant BRAMAN. Surely it is not the poor woman's
fault, if the Manager cannot find another man for
her.

The Honourable Mr. and Mrs Kw,: arrived on
Saturday at their 'souse in Uppri Grussenor-strect.
from Cambridg,e, and entertained at dinner the
Earls of Lismisart.Laer, and O'Nats, Lord nod
Lady MINT°, Lord And Lady G. SEYMOUR, Lord
Rascal. Saymoua, Mr. and Mrs. CALVART, and
MI. IC ILIINIIDY.

• _

L4IV INTELLIGENCE.
1/4-Y)uar Ok CHANCERY, Sktuitis., Amt. 6.
•
This
the
..of

Ex parte HIGGINS.
, was an application by the petitioning creditor
of Bankrupt, praying that certain parties should
he compelled to, go before the Commissioners, and
_give evidence with respect to the an of bankruptcy
{committed. The petitioning sr editor'sdebt amounted
to upwards of 11,0001; the commission issued ;
and the an to be proved was, the execution of
deed by the Bankrupt, conveying the whole of his
property ; and the parties, witnesses thereto, re-
tused to give evidence of the execution thereof.
Mr. Rion A Ds, for the Bankrupt, contended,
that, as nothitik had been done under the commis-
sion, which had not been even opened, the great seal
had no authority to compel these parties to sive evi-
dence of a deed to the injury of any pariy.
The Loan CuaaceLLos rallied, why, then, in
all times heretofore, Chancellors had committed
parties to gaol for this offence? The lase had given
.authority to the Great Seal, to issue Commissions of
Bankruptcy, and therefore he had the power to
compel persons to gn before the Commissioners and
hive evidence. Having said this, his Lordship
oped the parties would go before the Commission-
ers, without further hesitation, and not drive the
Petitioner to the necessity of taking nut the order.
E.I mirk SH Et 1.1 E
This was a petition in the matter of Cavell and
Powell, Bankrupts, praying that the Petitioner might
be permitted to set c,ff a delft doe by the Bankrupts
to her, against a joint adi.i.l by the Assig..ees against
her and her brother. .11.e.Ber:rupts had advanced
10001. to the Petitioner's brother, and had taken his
security, jointly with his sister's, for the repayment
of that sum. At the time of !!;is tran:;aaion, the
Bankrupts had Exchequer Bill. to th, amount of
30001. belonging to the Lady, in :heir hands, a part
4 which she now sought to be set of against the
'joint anion.
The CH A Ist; LI.O ^. was ot opinion, that the sister's
demand could not 1)..- set off AV.ti;,s! the Ualtirl of
the A isignee*, which his Lortlhhap much tegietted;
hut, as there appeared to be something. worth fur-
ther consideration in the question* he would look In-
to the affidavits, and deliver his opinii..a on Monday.

Private letters wore received in town en Saturday
from Canton, dated in November, brought by An
American snip, arrived at Por, moutb, which
,fate, that the homeward bo:ii,sl Ciana fleet were
nearly loaded, and were erpe,..ted to sail the begin-
ing of January last, consisting of the undermen-
tioned snips, viz.—The filritun, DaustlAOStD; Cam-
re.ter, ROBEILTSOW; Wrachriarei, ea 41•11 ILL ; Warner
Castle. Bunn; TiOnirs, SROTIOWE ; Brunctuzck,
GRANT ; .11e,gfus of Ely, HANNAY ; Cant4fl, LUSH-
iscsros ; with a Botany flay ship.
Government received, by the Neely schooner,
dispatches fs um Lord LA VINGTON and General
MCYLKS, the Governor-General and Commander
in Chief of the' Leeward Islands, which induce
much confidence as to the safety of our possessions
in that quarter. General Mvir zas, in particular,
states, that the troops under his command are fully
adequate to the defence of the islands, although,
from the wsperior force of the enemy's marine, they
may be subjeeted to partial injury.
The following is a List of er.emi's ships, in Pa est
Le Vie • cur . . 110 L'Ul, we . . 74
Le He wacain . . 110 Le T ilk . . . 4
LI n..n,ible . . 110 VFW, . .
L'Ale. indre . . $0 iA Rtealutinn .
Le Yondrovant . . PO Le 0 a Ao.t .
L'ltn; ettaeue . . 74 La Coustaut:on
IA Brutus . . . 74 L'Alliance .
Le Castor . . . 74 La Itatave
IA Veteran . . 74 Le Pitnnte .
Le i',iage . . 74 IA Gaulaore .
Le Con.itterant . . 74
The fleet which arrived at Martinique corn-
p..iFcl—

. 74
. 71,
.
. 71
. 74 •
. 74

Le tstajestuelpt . . . 120 Lr Jemappe . • . 74
Le S.T :attaniaic . . . $0 L'lndefAtigAble . . . 24
Le Suffrein . . . 74 L'Arruule
Le belt
The names of the other two frigates are not
mentioned ; part of the troops which they Carl ied
out were sickly, and were landed ; and the troops
previously on the Island were embarked for the ex-
pedition Against Dominica.
The following is the House List for Governors
and Dire.tors of the Bank of England, for the year
ensuing :

TOR COMMONS.
Benjamin W intherp, Esq. Governor.
Beeston Long, Esq. Deputy Governor.
Vol WA SC TONS
Alexander Baring. Esq. Sir RichaolNeave Bart.
Samuel BotAliquet, Esq. Jeremiah Olive, Esq.
Alexander Champion, Esq. Jelin Pesi.e,
Durrien, Esq. John Puget, Esq.
Nath. Blight French. Esq. Thomas Raikes, Esq.
Jeremiah Harman, Esq John Baker RirhArils, Esq.
John Josiah Holford, Esq. Edward Simeon, Esq.
Thomas Langley, Esq. Henry Smith, Esq.
Thomas Loris, EM Peter Isaac Thellusson, Esq.
William Maiming, Esq. SAMSUN! Thornton, E4l
Ebenezer Maitland, Esq. Si. Bro Watusti,Bt And Aid.
William Mellish, Esq John Wl•irmont, Esq.
The Eleaion for Governor and Deputy Governor
will be held on Tuesday, the 9th, and of Direaon,
on Wednesday, the 10th inst. from 10 in the fore-
noon, till four in the afternoon.
Saturday an affair of a curious nature took place
at the Police Office, Marlborough-street :—Mr.
Brooks, the owner of the Menagerie, at the top of
the Haymarket, was charged with having privily in
his possession a pug dog, the property of Colonel
Mackenzie. The Defendant sold the dog in ques-
tion to the Colonel six months ago, tier three gui-
neas, and the animal was stolen from him in Fe-
bruary. Mrs. Mackenzie soon afterwards call-
ed on the Defendant, and requested him to adver-
tise her dog, with a reward of too guineas for its
recovery, or to detain it if discovered. The dog,
however, was not restored ; but General Hall hav-
ing called a few days since in the Defendant's shop,
to look at some pugs, recognised the one in ques-
tion. A search-warrant was in consequence pro-
cured, and the dog ss as found chained up, amongst
other:, in a back room. Colonel Mackenzie de-
clared, in the most positive manner, that the dog
was hi:. firiiperty, and identified it by several Mal ks;
on the ..;:ier hand, the Defendant swore that the
deg been siz months in his possession, and
during • time publicly exposed to sale. The
Magis:, • .wever, were of opinion that he wss
in posse •r of a stolen dog, and fined him 201.
with c 05....


StilvE TR,IDF.

TO TILE EDITOR OF nu. Aims!' PRESS.
'
F"
The advocates for the continuance of the African
Slave Trade, in the dearth of sound argument for
the support of their cause, have frequently had the
effrontery to make their appeal to the Holy Scrip-
tures. The Scriptures undoattedly record the exist
ence of slavery ih ancient times ; hut surely it would
be a very unfair inference from this admission, that
the Scriptures, therefore, sanction that traffic in men
which is carried on by British subjeets from the
Coast of Africa, for the supply of labourers in the
West Indian Islands if such a principle of inter-
pretation were admitted, to what absurd 'conse-
quences would it not lead ! The Scriptures record
the fratricide of Cain, the drunkenness of Noah,
and the polygamy of David ; but would it be just
reasoning to infer, that either murder, or sensuality
and profligacy, were sanltioned by the word of
God? As just, at least, as that deduced by the
modern Man Merchant tram the sale of Joseph to the
Midianites, or from the existence of bondage is the
Patriarchal ages, in favour of his horrid traffic.
But let it be granted, for the sake of argument,
that the Slavery ni. ntioned in Scripture was sanc-
tioned by Divine Authority. Will this concession
affect the question at issue, or establish the lawful-
ness of the African Slaite Trade? By no means.
But, before I enter upon the discussion of this sub-
jet, it will be proper to premise, that the cause for
which I plead hat suffered materially from the am
biguity of the term Slavery. This vague, and un-
defined term is applied to conditions of Society dif-
fering very widely in.alurist every essential parti-
cular. We speak of our becoming Slimes if a mi-
nister do but suspend the Habeas Corpus ACt. The
French are called Slaver because they do not enjoy
the same degree of political liberty with which Pro-
vidence has blessed. this Island. The domestic ler-
vititde of Africa (which probably bears a close re-
semblance to Patriarchal bdndage) is termed Storer,
and the subjeas of it Slaves. Some other name,
therefore, ought to be invented to express West laf
dio, bondage; for, by means of the association of
ideas, which is produced by this infercommunity e.
appellation, especially in the minds of persons who
have had no opportunity of fully investigating the
subjeit, the African Slave Trade, together with
that syterri which it feeds and perpetuates in the West
Indies, is confounded with states of servitude so
very mitigated as to excite no horror ; and is thus
relieved atom a great part of its shade.
The system of slavery which prevails in our West
Indian colonies, we believe to stand alone in the
history of the world. It is not only (as Mr-Pitt
affirmed in 1'791) the greatest praftical evil which
has ever allieted the human race ; but it is an evil
sui zenerss, so radically and essentially different from
every other which happens to have the same name
attached to it, as scarcely to form a fair ground
of analogical reasoning. But let us consider this
point more attentively.
The mir,eries entailed on Africa by the Slave
Trade arc already sufficiently known to the public.
I need not, therefore, dwell at present ern that pair
of the subje6t. Let us follow the Slaves in the
middle passage. Them, it we may credit the
Man-
Merchant, the utmost exertions of his humanity and
beneficence are employed to Fromute the ease and
comfort pf hi. Afric,sn patbrugers, Use ems there
we %ball he constrained to conies., that his tender
mei c ie.. are cruel.
In the year 1701 (three years after the passing
of the Slaw sisrvioz Ac!, which. is admitted by the
Man-Merchant, them:elves to have very greatly
lessened the mortality on board of slave ships), of
113,754 slaves carried from the coax of Africa,
1,3;d died during the middle passage, the average
length of which was fifty-one days ; making
a mortality of SI per cent. in that time, or of 614 per
cent. per annum : a rate of mortality which would
depeople the earth in a year and seven months.
• The amount of the mortality in 1793 WAS, h"W-
-; ever, still more enormous. Of 31,554 slaves car-
ried from Africa, no fewer than 5,413 died on the
passage, making somewhat more than 17 per cent.
in fifty-one days. Had the voyage been prolonged,
and the slaves continued to die in the same propor-
tion, the whole ntimber would have been complete-
ly swept away in about ten months*.
I would now ask, whether it be fair, whether it
be allowable, to dignify a practice so pregnant with
misery and murder, with the name of commerce
Surely this cannot long be endured by a British
Parliament. If it is to be tolerated, let us at least
have some specious pretext for the indulgence:
let there be, at least, one praetice pointed out, either
in ancient or modern story, which will bear to be
compared for one moment with this abominable
traffic: otherwise we ought no longer to be imposed
upon by the hardy assumption of its antomity and
nrii eeteftiy.
But the horrors of the middle passage are at
length terminated. The slaves are lanittil in the
West Indies ; exposed like tattle in a fair; spanned
and gauged with as little ceremony as is observed
by a carcase-butcher in Smith:it:ld ; and, having
been purchased by some planter. are led to his estate.
What is then the situation of such of them as sur-
vive the seasoning ? '[hey are the absolute property
of their purchaser, vendible by him precisely in
the same manner as the horse which turns his sag ir
mill, and if dived privation of life and limb be ex-
cepted, equally subject to his discretion as to the
quantity of labour to be ex the proportion of
food to he allowed, and the discipline or punishment
to be isilliaed.

Dori% the hours of labour, they are driven like
a tram or oxen or horses by the cart-whip ; and Mis
cm/In/von •f Wins?, /y tie p4i/sical impulse, or present
terror q.l4s whop, is sinioersal with recpai to such staves
es ere rsigegcd oa millers:in: sue Wand/. As to civil
rights, or any political existence, they stand on a
level with the brute. Its-moderate cruelty to a
slave is punishable as a nuisance in the same way
as immoderate cruelty to cattle ; but then, it is al-
ways difficult and generally impossible to obtain
proof of the fact ; for (let it not be forgotten) the
evidence of a slave, or of a thousand slaves, did
they all testify the same thing, would not be avail-
able in the smallest degree to the convict;on of one
who is free. This, then, is the state of bondage to
which not on the imported Africans themselves,
bet their children, and their children's children, for
• tiers aerosols laid on the table of the Ilques at Levis iu 19!l

ever and fur ever, are inevitably consigned : and
defy any one to shew, not only that a single ciLcens-
stance in this picture is exaggerated, but that it is
not a matter of as universal notoriety in the West
Indies, whatever it may be ia k;urope, as the exist-
ence of slavery at all. Ido not mean, indeed. to
affirm, that this system is not as humanely admi-
nistered by some West Indian planters, as its nature
will admit. But still suet) is the system which they 1
have to administer.
Let it be remarked, however, that there is one
circumstance in the lot of West Indian Slaves 4
which renders it even worse than that of brutes They

A

,190.

not only feel the present pain, hut they can remem-
ber the past, they can anticipate the future, they
can discourse, they can contrive. they can execute,
they can distinguish between right and wrong; they
'have had the insolence, at times, co exercise this fa- s
.culty ; nay, they have even dared to prefer a claim
,so the possession of humanity, by expressing a sense
•of injury and injustice, and by stewing that they can
resent it. Hence it is, that, while in this country.
we see men take pleasure in raising their horses and
dogs to a participation of their own enjoyments, and
tog place, as it weie, in their friendship and society;
the slave in the West Indies is degraded and thrust
down to the very earth, lest, looking upwards, some
untoward accident should discover to him that he is
.a man, possessed of t.‘e same common mature with
his master, and equally entitled with him to feel,
And to repel insult, and isijiiry, and torte e.
Now, I do is it hesitate to challenge all the ad.
Tecate' of the Slave Trade to point out, in extern,
times. any state or condition of life, is i.ich bears
the most remote resemblance to the West Indian
system ; viewed is all its parts, from its commence-
ment in Africa, to its completion in the West In-
dies. Nay, so far is it from having any claim to
seta/Jody, that I take it upon myself to aver that
this system, as now constituted, is entirely a modern
invention. It took its rise in the Antilles, about
220 years ago ; and from that time it has been gra-
dually augmenting, until, by the accumulating
waste of the British capi•al arid African blood, it has
acquired its present hideous form and gigantic di-
mensions.
Still, however, it may be pertinaciously argued
that slavery is slicer,', and that no doubt can be enter
tained of the existence of such a state of society
among the Israelites. The bondage, however, which
prevailed among the Israelites will not be said, by the
most hardy vMdicator of the modern seals-a sa-
CIS A ICT, to have been worse than that to which the
children of Israel themselves had been subjected
Egypt. Of that state they always spoke as a state
of the most intolerable oppression. Its comparison
of it, every other servitude we; light. Their deli-
verance from it, as typical of another and greater
deliverance, was called, by way of eminence, their
redemption. So powerful was their impression of
the horrors of this state, that the ;eon fiaramr, the
tiolu.re of afitodrui,, and similar expressions, seem in-
adequate to express their conceptions of it ; and
Egypt, the land of their captivity, is emphatically
termed the i;ouse of bondage; and it is by the recollec-
tion of ;heir suffering in that country. that the Al-
mighty inforcel upon them the injunßion to be
kind to the strangers that dwelt among them.
Yet what, atter .sll, was the nature of this Egyp-
tian bondage? WAS its dreadful severity such as to
dimsoish the lumber of slaves, and to require fresh
importations to fill up the void which was caussi,bey
excessive labour, hatch treatment, and seamy feed?
By no means. They multiplied so rapidly as to
pecnnie an objet of terror to their oppressors frona
their very inertias.% Had their labour no known
pseastne sir limit, or, was it forced from them at the
caprtee of an overseer or driver by the compelling
power or thewcart-whip ? No such thing. It. was
the subjea% of specific and uniform regulation : tasks
' were appointed : the tale of bricks was previously
I named. And. as to food, the flesh-pots of Eel t
had be:ome pioverbial among them,
Having now, as I conceive, incontrovertibly es-
tablished the sadocal Milerence between any slavery
which could have existed among the Israelites, and
that which now exists in the West Indies. I have at
least demolished every thing like argument in fa-
vour of the Seeimara/sattasals of the Are IcAN Stara
'leant. I would, therefiire, entreat those well-
meaning men in this country, who, from inacquaint-
:ince with the real state of things in the West Indies,
have too readily conceded that the system of Wear
INDIAN Botatiaor has aay countenance in scripture,
to tetra& that concession; and to he no longer impos-
ed upon by the mere similarity of a name, when the
things are in their nature so essentially distinct.
And let not the Man-sseacuastas, nor their advo-
cates, any longer insult the common sense, to say
nothing of the religion of their country, by argu-
ments so absurd and impious.
It will scarcely be expeded, that, after this confu-
tation of the argument deduced from scripture in
tavour of the Slave Trade, I should think it neces-
sary to prove the contrariety of those priglices to
which this trade gives birth, as well as of the prin-
ciples on which it is founded, to the whole tenor
and scope both of the Old and of the New Testa-
ment. That the spirit of the Christian religion
stands opposed to the Slave Trade, is too obvious to
require proof; I shall, therefore, content myself
with having teaitied the misconcertions which have
arisen on this subject horn the anibigious use of the
term slavery. and with quoting two or three pas.
Saes of sea ipture, which seem to have a pretty de-
cisive beating on the question.
Therelore all ihings whatsoever ye would that
mess should do to you, do se even so to them : for
this is the law Att.; the Prophets."
The law is rnade for the lawless and disobe-
dient ; for men -stealers."
" And he that STRAW.* a man and utterer
him, or if he be found in his hand, he shall surely
be put to death"
You's, &c. Aa ABOLITIONIST.

The Pallas frigate is arrived at Plymouth, from
a cruise. She was chased on the 2.5 th ult. by two
French line of battle ships, but esca,ted by running
thirteen and a halt knots an hour.
The 68th Regiment, under command of Colonel
FAIILKY. arrived At St. Vincent's on the Ist of
February, in the Agitator of 28 guns, and two
transports, to relieve the 2.1 battalion of the 60th
Regiment, ordered to Grenada.—lirigadier-Ceneral
DALIV mrts likewise arrived in the Alugebv. to
assume the coniutamtof dor trtropsut that island.
