AIIERICAN P..fPERS.

Philadelphia and Washington Papers arrived yesterday to et
sth ult. They contain nothing new from any pan of the .Spr,:n
Americas. The Board of Commissioners, under the article of tie
Treaty of Ghent, respecting captured slaves, &c., re.assembln g
Washington on the 21:th of June. The new territorial run.=
of Michigan was completely organized on the 7th of Jane intim
when the first legislative council was convened, and the sem
opened by an able speech from Governor Cass, in wfilch the !IS
tory of the Michigan tentory is briefly sketched, its prolk.ru Es
veloped, and its wants disclosed, In a clmr and perrpicuous car.
The Governor anticipates the rapid advance or the :err itory it ...I.
perity and population, so as soon to piece it by the side of :se
earitories which have successively risen to the rank of equal 6%,
bens of the great American Republic. Mr. Abraham Edward'
chosen President of the Legislative CounciL The Rhode Isica
delegates assembled at Newport on the 21st June, for the parrot
K forming a new Constitution. The Colonists in the Misuet
territory begin to find sh.se labour unprofitable in that climate, rt
are constantly sending oil the it negroes to Kentucky and Thews
On this subject the Nutiosal has the folr.-4
remarks :

These facts confirm what was repeatedly urged during tan.
cession of the proposed restriction upon slavery in the State e
Missouri, vit. that the climate and soil of Missouri impose at iv,
aidve • rear'ction on the employment of slaves as any legal yra
vision could edict. North and west of the line, which bnctli th
successful cultivation of sugar, rice, cotton, and tobacco, etre!
hour will always be • tax rather than a profit to the proprietor.
will not long continue to be employed where it ceases to 13 e rok.
able. This has bean realised in the Eastern States, whet phony
formerly prevailed, and, being tint gready di HH inished htnirz.,
portation of slaves to the South, was finally abolished be rig
free all who should thereafter arrive at a certain age, fir. In
ware, Maryland, and a part of Virginia, this process has evitir4
awrimenced, and the number of skives is diminishing, by tar
transportation to the South, where their labour is more yaluaide.
One of the Superior Courts of Virginia has decided, that thew
law of that state, by which free negroes are ordered to be sJli to
certain crimes, is coustiChannal. The punishment forrnviy po
aided for those crimes was imprisonment in the state penitesner.
The British frigate Pyramus, had arrived front the Ilayasnat
New York, with 390,000 dollars for the latter place. The Ler:
of the convicts in the new Hampshire penitentiary, netted a. re
state last year a profit of 279,361 dollars. A new wooers:
manufactory has bten established at Mtrriunac, which tariA
pieces daily.

THE ASHAVTEES.—The Adonis, Captain Foreman,lnt
arrived from ('ape Coast; she sailed on the 14th of Jae.
and has brought despatches to Government. When elit
left, the enemy bad not approached within sight of it
Castle, but, from the uninterrupted march they Ten
making, great apprehensions were entertained ant G
attack would be made. The garrison were in malt
spirits, and, from the strength of the fortifications, ir,fe
confident of repelling any force they might send
it. The number of natives that had quitted
rounding country, and fled to the Castle for Feve,...
' a
gtsa.rr quitting,
There
acenr:d.
had considerably increased ; they still continued oual:2
the walls, where they were to remain under the pirtzi"ire
of the guns of the fort. The Liberty had sailed renzl
to Captain Foreman
receiving CilivPingCreoaisiti foreTethLn
of provisions and supplies of all kinds.
BLINMESZ NV,ta.-IVhcn the Asia (which wired L
Portsmouth on Tuesday) left Bombay, Comirodow Grit:
adishaseritlyielliwnauciatectashiscrt!
was about to sail in the Liffey, to co-operate with the.e..
Mary force which had been some time preparing at 311 c--j•
to take possess on of Rangoon, and the other Burnieteew
pro. He had dispatched the Taney, 18, Captain Oriel
Mitchell ; Larne, 18, Captain Frederick Marrystt; S'
the Sophie, 18, Captain George Frederick
Madras. The Expetlit:on in preparation the:, "al
consist of three Euro!), an regiments, and fire Itat!a:•ors •
Sepoys, with a proportion of artillery, &c. The this
Government of India appears convinced, that, fttlG
hostile determination of the Burmese, measures oa
extensive scale, and of the most determined chaisctee,
highly necessary. Their hostile determination was
evinced in the action which took place on the 110°`"rtfr,
frontier, in the district of Catchaar, when Licut.-.
Bowen was defeated, with the loss of five officers reti
men killed and wounded. It was understood, di:
Edward Pa.,mt had been recalled from his tour of
tion in tile north of India, purposely to take the erm„L'`.:
of the fey, cc assembling on the frontier of Dcww and
tagong ; but it was regretted that our troops cooking'
culate on more than two newiths active op.:rations es
rainy, and consequently the sickly, season would thee e,
on : the intorior of the Burmese territory is the moo
part of all India.
Mr. O'Cowxrt.t..—A publie dinner was given w
O'Connell at the Seminary in Wczford, on Tverit*
Thomas Esmonde in the Chair. Mr. Wyse sell
sent, as were a number of the Roman Catholic AV,
sonic highly respectable Protestants. Mr. (VC°lpt,
speeches were judicious and conciliatory. Irlif
healths of the Catholic clergy were given, di° in,
Hughes returned thanks for that venerable body. w.
healths of the Protestants being given, one of theige, 5;
1
men, in making his acknowledgments, said, that
Protestants were more persecuted now than the
lies." The evening passed off in the greatest human,
hilarity.
I! DRO 1•110111A—Dogi that are UflllllY
kept
should always have within their reach a bowl of e,
water, containing a lump of stone sulphur. 1".'2,
precaution is used, it will always have the effes''
veining the disease from vpoinaneously occur;
when the flog has been bitttn by another in a IN
it will neither prevent the formation of the disease.
cornplish its cure. We can, however, confi. csnttsi.
1 that no dog kept under the shove cireinuec
ever been attacked by hydmpholia, unless the dam'
communicated by inoculation.—Lancet.
