HER 'CRAKE.

!~

SCOTCH P(M)R.

LAND TAX.

l(foi

41;

d

i

DERRY CATIIEDIIA),

Mr. Alamein IV( Wiiiipiemen iris; petitiot from certain brewer.
near Wareteaw against the Baer Bill, and praying that it might
not pm lam a beer Ordered to lie aa the table.
'.SLAVERY.

Lord ENNIBMORE presented a Won from the inhabitant,
of Vouginek, against slavery .-4ordered to lie on the tahle.
Mr. Wozonnovet, Mr. Denison, and several other lion.
Members. presented petitions front their cunstituents against the
Beer Bilk—Ordered to lie on the table.
COALS.

Air. W. LHAVIS presented • petition from the merchants,
Inskers, and shipping interest Of Cardiff; against the tax upon
wale.—Ortlemd to he on the table.
LAW•COATPENSATION.

Mr. S. RICE resisted petitions front the Callers and rnurt.
keepers of the Court of Common Pima in Ireland, praying fur
tornpentetiona.—Ordered to te on the table.

Th. LORD ADVO( ATE prtsentenl a petition frnnt the
Preorytary and glidert of Forfar, against the Poor Relief Pill in
Sennianti.—thiered to lie on the table.

%fr. MADERLY gave antice that he would aid: for Imre, on
Friday next, to bring In • Bill for an alteration in the laws re-
opening thew& and redemption of the land-tax.
EQUITABLE LOAN BILL.
Mr. DENMAN presented a petidoe from a certain charitable
Awinciation, who lent money to the indestrious poor on "mall
pledges, spinet the Equitable Loan Bill.—Onlereil to lie on
the table.
COUNTY RATES.
Mr. DieRENSON moved for a select Committee to inquire
into the expenditure of the county rates.
Sir E. KNATCHBIJLL seconded the motion.
Mr. I 1 U RAM approved at B.—The motion was agreed to.
11IATRESSE8 IN IREL.IND.

;4 leave bring • •
Mr. S. COOPE woe or to bnng on a Roll to ►mend
the Act passed in the 11th of Chards I. respecting the impound-
ing or distresses In Ireland.
roir J. NEWPORT seconded the motion.—Agreed to.
Mr. S. COOPER moved for leave to bring in a Hill fur the
of the tenants of small parcels of land in Ireland, in certain
cases.—Agreed to.
TRANSPORTATION.

Mr. DAWFON mowed for the bringlnit in and reading, the first
time, a Hill fair eonaalidating and ainiplifeing the laws with re-
iid to transpixthig offenders from this oninitry.—leave given.
1;11,11(1TM:4.

?dr. DAM'IR/N moved for leave to bring in it Bill to continue
the Act for Me_ appointment of Commissioners to inquire into
I 113tities in Engbind and IVales.—Leave given.

Sir J. N fiWIN)RT moved that there be laid before the Ifrm_•
re••aln pap r% rewpecting lands let nu rent to the 1/esn and Chant( r
to Derr, ; also an secount of the repairs, and of the donations, unit
how they ware used and applicd.
lUr. 1101YUSITRN had an ohjectirm—Areed to.
IRISH FR EFAIOLDLIIrt.

CRI/KER moral far a return of the freeholders regiAtrred
each year in Ireland, and their carious classes and nutabers, Irmo
Janu.,ry, 17104 to July, iM_'3.
SIT G. HILL Was to sec.ind the motion. Ile hoped this would
h- but a preliminary, and would lead to a change in the system of
tr..) (him%

/KIM said, he could not, in this matter, agree with
the lion. 31combet. His object was to procure a return of the sari-
(.l”. cL•wes of freeholders of 405., LW.. and Md.. in Ireland; stk.,
a list of the registered househoklers In each borough, who returned
11l makers to Parliament.

Lord 11111/I'l/N said, though It woe not so exprewsl, he thought
the ciiiect of the lion. Moyer was neither more nor lime than an in_
to interfere with the popular franchise in Ireland. Ile was'
admit that franchise wan not enjoyed ; to +willow it would
De erroneous. The popular representation in Ireland was merely
roe.i..al. If the limier tormented to the motion, it elimild also look
two the Mate of the boroughs.
51t. IICOKEII. said, the second part of his motion referred to
boroughs.
I,erd 7,111. T(►N continued. He knew in many boroughs in
Ir• land the elective franehtne was • ed. There was one city, the
en7r.pt Dublin and Cork I Belfast ), the population of which
and the elective franchise wan coolinesl to 13 burgesnes.
one of the boroughs created by James the First. Ile
w,t:Nl 11. one, as an amendment, for a return of that., boroughs in
• the hers of rates were litoittil ; and where the exact
inber could out be had, that it should be taken as closely as pow.
• e. _ . .

FiTZ(.ERAIJI) thought any attempt upon the popular
f•ar.c!ti.a would endanger the peace and safety of the country. lie
tr.ri:.l therefore Mien( agninst et.
MILTON said, I.is ohjeet we* to make the inquiry as
entr•'L.:c uot possible; aid, with this intention, he would movehir
a recut •o of the miniber of all the freemen admitted and 'mum, in
th- and meliorate towns, front lit.s to Intr.l.
Load .1. I' I :57.1;1.1. was sure the greatest benefit would be ile-
e•t•d front this inquiry. li the object the lion. Morel. of this
disctiaMin was to exclude from the elective franeltiw those who
had nor discr.••ion for the subject, he would object tut it, until those
pmesessing sound discretion were admitted.
Mr. (lb IKllt was awry that his motion, which had no object
10701111 slut of seeking foe information, which, by ulic present
laws, WWI laid before the Grand Jury annually, should hare tre-
ated Mei tlist.iissicn. Ilia of was to 'wore, that the fteTistry
Art, of tbe -ar 179.1. had foetid the population in certain district'.
lie had no ulterior object whatever.
The motion Wa• titan agreed to.
lobo It.:port of the Tranaportasion of (Menders ItiU, was larught
rip, sod read a fir.t time.
Mr. OA M'Se/N brought Is the Bill fur continuing Commis.
oao.er, nt Iliarities iv England and Wales.

!•;111t1 ES weed kg the mecum! reading of the Stipends of
eterly 11111. The Rennludoes for ate allowance oft
y .-isclu dergyonan, and the divonni of tlia 1ur.41 appropriate d
it...ttonsurpose, wire then Ma and agreed to.

The liAr:rt 1111 the M'arehuutting I'l7argeo was then brought up.
lu.rd A 1,THI)111) moved the order of the day fur the third
'vs.t of the Count, Courts 11.11.

Th. ATTORNIi`.I.I:ENEItAI. thought the third reading
sp.ii:ht rot 1,1.. e place In the preoent thin ',mei& the [loose ; it
1. rJ.t and the Noble lawd novo he aware that the Ereseht
WWI 401 •-!itilr opportunity f w its dim-ovum.
loirt amid that *as the only opport eeee ity whirl;
wa, cfotile.l him for the ilketortion nn thr conspeniiation rhose.
Ho itrl 1it!.....1.11 to hying Intuited iN dineuwiiiin On the .moot[
hot mooted. in roinieguenee of the inability of the Riot
Hon red L • oaill tientleinan to attend the ilk...us:ono with twit-

11.0A'P'I'+)11\RY.1.1•.NERAI. arknowledgnil the kirtlne.% of
t h.. Nolile :.• fd in thr otatipottenient of the discn•.ion. Ile oteerly
nowt lint it to thr Noble lAtril, if that thicuiiinto t,:ke
this /...,aent thin mate of the !louse? (I 'riot of " tio on,
on," Iron, thr )mail inn henehm)
Loci! A LT 111)1IP persisted in moving the third reeling of the
_

Ito. A TTORNEV-11ENKIIAL—" Then, Sire 1 Itiov.: an an
iltti"nilin, It. 'hat thin noose do now adimet."
Mr. rnl'A It I.ETT was not desirous to pr, ns the dineunnion of the
1:111 al present. Indeed he would approve of the pompom-mem of
altorolier until nrit Si .tion. It the Bill pannod in it.
present Qtaiw, it would give great dinnatinisclion to nialy verso,.
of doors. In the compensation muse a lint of nano-, wan in-
,e-bed, fr no which many remits who bad strong chino, to emo-
reevation ,us i.• deluded. He would fiartieularly refer to one officer
nth, erioved a .:laec given Itim by lord ; the tooth,
of thin ‘ttuati,..• arose from netiomi not hai:alile, and the Olt et id
::us Itdl Imola be altogether to fake away the emolionentn td hin
was a faithful and revived and
11111 noothl do a great ininntice in regard to I • ,
i er welhdrierving officers. 'flit 11111„ an it salute
r, was guile a now iiirmare from what it imr-
• e't• rumn,enecnteni of the SVitl6llll. It was not trio ,
Iti the county court, law as it at prevent stood, hot
a new jorisdiction, altogether at variance with that
and one Inn at varintior with the feelings and
...ply of this cottony, l'he prcomblc. instead of
1.1 the county court jurisdiction, should be Orn

NEI! ' 7111:A71U'. AL, DRURY-LANE.
~,,, Lys. Tiff. n %r, May al, will be performed
TIII: 1t1,%11 TO RUIN.
(Ed D"rh.t.7l, Mr. Mtie den 11..hr)"1h.rh1..11. Mr. Ellidunt Goldfinch,
Mr. Rath.), ; Sophia. Mil. S. thettli.
Alter u he-h, SP %%1,11 I.I.ANTN.
To ewiellele w It h VIIV, !IND PHYSIC.
Lou. Mr. I,l6toni.
To.inurr.,w. The !lye... rite, with Deaf sie a Port. and &broader.

C(WENT-GARDEN.
'I W. Evrilliir, Tl:i.i:snAV, NIAy to, will he performed
1•31111.: SHALL Ii % . _

Cogint Vetttema Mr. W. rat frll 1 I orrento. Mr. Jones; Lorena°.
Mr. Cooper i I ...n•rl 1.1.1 r meet. Mr. AbM,tt t Mal. r teShani...ll. Mr.
"moo: Cornet mot rnmulnr, Mr. Votes; Sped... Mr. Blanchard.
Vetitonm 0, Mr.. ILlvroport ; Leonora. Min WV.; V ktUrili•
M.. Paton. .%leer whirls

.....
TIIF %I'M! I or 11IC %MON:
in., 'r m.. imv‘il‘TtliN or THE NILE.
Tor-morrow, Slueli ad.. %bout N.,thlisig. with Brother and Slater.

THE:ITIIE 11111".41.,--EN(;LISH OPERA-HOUSE.
mit. %I %TIII.:WS AT lIHME!
TIC:. Evening. 'THUR.:II%V, May V),
With LECTURE on AMITIES, CHARACTKR,
and SI.INNO:HS;
Founded on Htinervatlmseand Adventures durind his late
TRIP To AMERICA.
In Three Parts.
PA RT M 30.111111, called .H.l. WELL AT NATCHITOCIIES.
.til the Unaraetcrsofthe Evenhig**Entertahunent to barer:resented
by Mr IitATIIP:Ws.
Hume tr. be "pelted at Seven- Performance begins at right "'Clock.
I ti.ken .f Mr. Steiromm, at the thia °Mat. 'Wind Cu,
trance. arum Pon till Eh!.

NEW SURREY THEATRE.
'rm.: EY EN I hi). :uhl Awing the Week. the blebs-Deaths a
HATE! ur. 41LL CATARACT 01, DIOUNTAIN.
After which,
HOAXING; ur. TIIE VIOR OUTWITTED.
To e.oteltele w!th
THE EIAMTING BEACHNi or. THE NORWEGIAN WRECKER&

AI'OL.I.ONICON.
On SATI;IIII.%V, May 2.1 at Two
The foll..sline will he per,orrnial by Mr. runic's.
101 l the 11.01.1.0N11'0N. a Grand Mintiest lusgrutgient,
11.rentts1 and Coindeueted by Mentnt. Y1.1611T and MONSON, Organ
11.111 dent. tut. St. Martin's-tangs
g HILL Till 1311111111/14T11 ►LTWNAUS eL MIL MAJMOTY.
PART S.
. -

overture. La Reins. de PratSce.--(llaydn)—Ciaineset. Recollection
Illeydrn .Itonsvcsiols Dream seranverl—tilee.••Tise yum leave sue now
lo vorrow" Mob It,. s—Pot Pourri

PANT 11.
orert'lr., Rather of Cevllle (1109olill)—esinttlits, taint) &spore
(11.seloto -serum. " Tyrant. I come Itlishopl—Alt, "Just Ilk. lots'
iltut ) l'hoste Vttarkiet,
tdinittance,
•

N.H. -Nr.1410,1106 rerfortniusees aIII by continued every Saturday
durlNg the Sraolooli.

•
The itteehmeileal powers of the APOLLOSICON ire e‘hlt.lteet daily.
from tine till Votir (except Moline the timed Mr Purkbre attendance).
•..eut Eherubitirs .ehhrated overture top 'Atifiere.m. and Motart's
overture to '.l.aEleitteura in the ovirMtation of which It Is
allowed to wooer. a grandeur and variety of efreet, with a precision
and a delieuvy of ex preodon, superior to any otter Instrument hl
Europe. 'Elie Music urnisgeci for and set on tine Cylinders by Mt.
Jun.

110.1 RD OF GREEN CLOTH, NT. JAME.s"g PALACE.
RV I'OMIMANI► OF WS ALLIESTY.,.

Nsave It hereby 4.; erg, That all Carriages going to hie 111rkies-
ty's Drawing Room at St. J 111111.11.11 Palace, Ibis flay, are to fall
into the line at the top of St. Jsmes's-,treet in Piccadilly, go down
the left hand side of the Street, round the corner of Pall-mall, and
enter at the Iron-gate neare.t to the Palace; sot down at the
Arcade, and come out of the Palace-yard by the Iron-gate nearest
10 3larlbomugh House, and pass through Pall-mall into St.
Jaives's-uptare ; in taking up, they ate to tonic down St. James's-
street in like manner, pawing through the namtliates as when they
set down, and go away through Pall-mall.
No Hackney Coaches will be pemiitted to come within the Iron-
gates, but must net down at the outside thereof,and go away through
Pall-mall.

The Gate at the top of Casatitutlon-hill will be open only for
Carriages of Pentium having the Entrn, which are to proceed
down Constitution hill, and enter the Palace at the Stable-yard
Gate, turn into the Ambaitwador's Court, act down at the Arendt.,
and go out at the Gateway in Cleveland-row ; turn to the left, and
wait in Cleveland-row, the Stable-yard, or St. James's Park, till
called for ; then to take up in the same order as they had set down,
pass away through the MUM Gateway, and go up the left hand side
of St. James's-street. The Carriages of AndiasAnders, the AI infs.
ten, and (treat t rtficers of State, may remain in the Ambassador's
Court till called for.

Chairs are to come down the right hand side of St. James's.
turret front Piccadilly; Itress (:heirs are to enter at the Great (late
of the Palace, and paw under the Colonnade into the Ambassador's
Court, act down there, and wait in Engine Court till called for.
Hackney liming are to enter at the new Pam way Imn-gatc nearest
to the Palace, set down under the Arcade, and pass away on the
outside of the Carriages through the new Footway Irun-gate, neat
to Marlborough 'louse.

The BRIT sin Para, commeneeol publishing yesterday morning
at half-past live 'o'clock.

LONDON, TIWRSDAY, MAY 20, 18514.

Lisbon rapers to the lith of May reached us in the
evening of yesterday. From these, and every other con-
curring account, it appears that unfortunate capital has
been the scene of must alarming events, occasioned by the
ambition of the queen, cud her vile and profligate son,
Dun Miguel. The King's life was not consider's! secure;
and a British vessel, the Windsor ('astle, at the Monarch's
own roiest, was prepared for his reception, es the only
Ono! where he could be safe from the attempts of his
infamous wife and son. The Minister at War, Count
Sttbserra, had tacit refuge on board the Lirely frigate,
in the Ta7,us, after having found shelter for some
data in the hotel of the French Ambassador. When
the last ace:toms C3IIIC away, the greatest confusion
reigned throughout Lisbon, am! the alarmed and distrust-
' ful countenances of the inhabitant.; fully betrayed their
feeling:. Militai y patrols paraded the streets night anti
I day. Above sot) indiv:duals, it is calculated, had then been
arrested and I!ung into dungeons. The prisons were so
crowded that numb, rs of 'Tritons arrested WM? Stilt otr
on the .;th and tith to reniche, to make way for others
who were hourly arriving. . list of the members
of the different violet, during the reign of the Consti-
tutional ar.t:ret, hail fallen, it is said, into the hands
of 1)011 Nliguel and his 'tarty, and thus afforded ample op-
portunity Mr the exercise of their villge3llCe. Some of the
most rev: etable merchants had I ten %Vinyl on, and int-
' Nit:mica with the very dregs of the people; litany mer-
chants were seeking protection on board the British ships
in the river. Nothing but the spiritual interposition
of the Funign Ministers appears to have prevented
the depesition and probably the death of the unfor- ,

tenate Don John, win) was shut Up in his palate at
!Imposts, a prisoner, without seeing any one, while his,
Ministers were arrested and imprisoned on the mere man-
date of Don Miguel. At nine o'clock in the morning of
Friday, the 30th of April, the whole of die Foreign Mi-
nisters assembled at the Nuncios', whence they proceeded
in a holly to Itt niposta, and insisted on sexing the King.
This wax at first refused by an order from his profligate
um ; but, after some time had elapsed, the Ambassadors
were admitted. They found the unfortunate Don John in a
most distressing state of mind. The presence of Don
Mi-
guel MAX instantly required, and on his appearing, the Fo-
reign Ministers fully exposed to the unconscious Monarch
the views of the Queen and her party, and insisted that an
order should be given, in the King's name, to disperse the
troops, which, after some trifling excuses had been made
by the Prince, was reluctantly complied with. The Queen
hall come from Quelaz early in the morning, expecting to
hear lwr son proclaimed Regent, and she was at Ilemposta
' when the Foreign Ministers assembled within its walls.
Don Miguel, however, still continued to hold the corn-'
mend of the troops, and numerous arrests were in conse-
quence taking place, including even the First Minister, ,
('ount Pahnella, who was subsequently released only by
the interposition of the diplomatic corps. Marshal Lord
Beresford was constantly with the King, arid the Fo-
reign Ministers, it appears, wished this distinguished
Officer to take the command of the troops, which he for-
merly
held with such credit, as tranquillity could not
he hoped for while Don Miguel possessed that dangerous
office. This is the individual whom the Russian Minister
some months since complimented so warmly in his master's
name, attributing to this ,if iirofligate every possible vir-
tue. Lisbon has not enjoyed a week's tranquillity since
despotism was restored, and the Queen and her son
became possessed of any power. All that is respectable
in that capital are attached to the Constitution ; the present
tyranny is maintained duly by a •'-w perjured soldiers, and
the partisans of Ferdinand's sister and her abandoned son.
This state of things cannot continue, and some decisive in-
terference is expected by our Cabinet to save Portugal
Ifrom anarchy and blood.

MAY G.

This capital has been the scene of extraordinary events iu the
course of this last week. On the 30th ult. the King was shut up
in the Palace of !Imposts, without seeing any one ; and wax, in
fact, a prisoner in his own Palace, and his 3litistcrs were sent to
prison by order of Dun Miguel and the Queen. It was considered
indubitable that the deposition of the King was intended, and that it
would have been rimed into effect but fur the energetic and spirited
conduct of the Foreign Ambassador' and Ministers. As early as I
nine o'clock on Friday the 30th, the whole of the diplomatic corps
assembled at the Nuncios', front whence they proceeded in a body
to Ilemposta, and insisted on seeing the King. This was at first
refused by an order from his Royal II ighniss: however, after a short
time had elapsed, they were admitted. They found the King in a
most distressing state of mind, even ignorant of what had been
doing. The attendance of the Prince was requested, and, an his
arrival, the Foreign Ministers made a full exposure of the views of
the Queen's party, and various trivial excuses were made by his
Royal Highness, which, however. had no weight with the Ambas-
sadors, who Maestri that an order should be given, in the King's
name, to disperse the troops, Ire. which was complied with, and
everything appeared to be tolerably quiet.
The Queen had come from Qudat early in the morning, fully
expecting to hear the ',dart Doit Aliguel.proclximed Regent, and
was at Hemmed, when the above consultation took place.
His Royal Highness, however, continued to hold the command
of the troops, and numerous arrests were made, in which even the
Marquis Palmella was included. lie was released, it is said, at
the request of the Foreign Minisie a. Count de Povoa, formerly
Senor Sammy's, was die only Minister who escaped imprisonment.
It is at present impossible to conjecture what will be the final result
of this moat extraordinary transaction. It is certain that no confi-
dence can exist an long as the Prince retains the coninuuld of tip:
army. Marshal Beresforel is constantly with the King; he wears
the Portuguese uniform, and every respect is paid him by the peo-
ple.. It supposed that the principal Foreign Ambassadors wit.'
he may be prevailed upon to take the chief command, WS tranquil-
lity can hardly be restored to this diem-abed country, unless he, or
some other foreigner, bolds this office. The King's person is coo-
sidered to be not out of danger, and a request was yesterday made
to prepare the Windsor Castle for his reception, where alone he
could be safe; every preparation was making on board that vessel
I to receive him at the shortest notice.
Count Subserra has take& refuge on board the Lively frigate,
after having for some days found protection in the hotel of the
French Am
The greatest confusion reigns in the city ; for, in circumstances
where full *cope Is given to private revenge, no individual can be
stirs of his safety. The alarmed and distrustful countenances of
the inhabitants sufficiently betray their feelings.
Patrols of military parade the streets night and Cay ; the prisons
are so crowded that numbers of &treated persons were sent off
yesterday and to-day. to Peniche, to make room for others who are
hourly arriving. A list of the menthe's of the clubs who figured
during the constitutional system, has fallen into the hands of the
liovernment, and thus given an ample opportunity for the exercise
of vengeance. These men are accused of being freemasons. Some
of the most respectable merchants, as well as the dregs ol the people,
have been arrested in this city.

The House of Commons adjourned last night till to-
morrow. On Lord Altborp moving the third reading of
the County Courts Bill, Mr. Scarlett observed that it had
been altogether changed in Committee—so much so, that it
was quite a distinct measure from that which bad been
originally brought before the House. The Learned Gen-
tleman thought the Bill, in its present shape, created a
new jurisdiction, hitherto unknown to the common law of
the country, and at variance with the habits of the people.
In consequence of the thin state of the House, the third
reading of the Bill was deferred till Monday, when it is
expected to be strongly opposed; and should it pass the
Commons, we believe its progress will be arrested in the
Lords.

It was known that Lord Byron, soon after he left this
country, hail written in Italy his own eventful life, and
given it to his distinguished friend, Mr. Thomas Moore,
as the strongest proof of the Noble Poet's friendship. These
Memoirs, since Lord Byron's lamented death, have lk.en
looked for with the deepest anxiety, as the authentic re-
cords of the life and feelings of a man distinguished by the
most splendid genius, and who for many year! hail lived in
the eyes of all Europe. The unfortunate domestic dilfer-
enevs yet unexplained, that caused the separation of Lord
And Lally Byron eight years since, and the sudden departure
of the *inner 'hours INN! shores, never to return, it was
expected would have been accounted for in this posthumous
record, by the Noble Poet himself ; and the work was, in
consequence, expected with the most intense anxiety. The
last sheet of it, however, has perished, and the world has
been deprived of a production which, like the confessions
of Rousseau, would have traced to their true cause the
wayward feelings and the agitated life of the and Poet of
his age. Mr. Moore, with a disinterestedness and a sen-
sibility characteristic of his high mid honourable mind,
made this wu•rifiee at a large pecuniary loss, to the fe•hnga
of the nearest surviving relatives of his distinguished and
!animus! friend. Ile had, with the consent, and at the
desire of Lord Byron, dispostil of the valuable manuscript
to Mr. Murray, some time since, for 2,0001. But since
the great Poet's death, it occurred to Mr. Moore, with &it-
eular delicacy, that though the Noble Author had himself
sanctioned die publication of this Litt re-:in; document,
his family might have thrd't feeliiq,N limply wounded by
the disclosures it contained. Mr. Moore, in conaetinence,
sought an interview with a near relative of Lord Byron,
(Ids sister we understand) and after a joint perusal of the
work, the Lady having stated that she feared the publication
would bring with it great pain to the feelings of some of
the Noble Lord's nearest relatives, and to other individuals
alluded to in the Memoirs, Mr. Moore, with a generosity
which we are sure will be generally appreciated as it de- 1.
serves, put the valuable manuscript in the Lady's bands,
and suffered her to commit it to the flames in his presence.
This sacrifice, which few would think of, was made by

Mr. Moorts. c, Monday ; and the next morning he repaid
Mr. Murray 2,0001., which the latter had advanced him,
for the perished manuscript. If any thing could add to
the high character of Mr. Moore, it would be such all act
of ( 7enerosity as this. Yet, much as we respect the
which induced him to make this great sacrifice,
we ahnest n;,-net that the s. d,_4 ply interesting Memoirs have
perished. Traced by tit? pea of the great fort himself,
they would have probably removed much of the misrepre-
,
sensation tnat :untitled on his great name, and Lace
his character in its true light. When it was gentrally
known, *nine few years since, that Lord Byron hail given
this record of his life to Mr. Moore, how little was it an-
ticipated that his splendid career would close an soon ! He
is now unfortunately no more. He perished on a distant
shore, in the support of a cause to which his heart was
attached, and his memory will never be forgotten while
Greece remains a nation. Here, too, the few failings that
might have marked him will soon be forgotten, and no-
thing be remembered but his magnificent genius, and those
productions which arc now the boast of this country, and
which rail s 1 Lord Byron to the undisputed rank of the first
poet of his age.

We do not think " even-handed justice" has been dealt
to Mr. Battier. lie has been struck out of the army list,
and all his hopes of profession destroyed ; while slight and
passing censure only has glanced from the War-office on
Lord Londonderry. It is true, the message came from
Mr. Battier, which provoked the dud with the Noble
Marquis, and which he met with unquestioned spirit ; but
Lord Londonderry should have exerted his influence in
the first instance to have prevented the unworthy treat-
ment Mr. Battier experienced from the. officers of the!
Tenth, and which provoked all the consequences that fol-
lowed. The Gazette of Tuesday, which we gave, contained
a notice, stating that Ensign Battier hal been struck off,
the half-pay list of the army ; while the General Order 1
from the Horse Guards talks of Lord Londonderry's ac-
ceptance of the challenge as " a transaction at variance
with the principles of subordination, and therefore of a
tendency injurious to the discipline of the army," and then
expresses " his Majesty's concern and displeasure that an
officer of Lord Londonderry's high rank and military re-
putation should have committed himself in personal coil:-
sion with an inferior officer, by accepting a challenge for
any supposed aggression proceeding from the exercise of
his authority as Colonel of the regiment." Now this, as
affects Lord Londonderry, is very well, and was probably
called for by military discipline. But Mr. Battier has
been visited with a far difkrent notification ; he is erased
by a stroke of the pen from the Army List, while a su-
perior officer is only lightly censured. The whole 'Tail'
has excited a very strong sensation, and is likely, we un-
derstand, to become the subject of immediate Parlia-
mentary discussion, on a petition from Mr. Battier.

Much curiosity exists in the fashionable world as to the
reception of the wife of a wealthy commoner at the Draw-
ing-room this day. The lady is possessed of many fetni-
nine accomplishments, amoni,-st which her sylph-like
pirowetting: have been the theme of very general admira-
tion. A Scottish Earl, high in the world of bon ton, has
much interested himself in favour of the lady's presenta-
tion at Court. The Dowager Duchess of ft-- has
consented, we understand, that her name should accom-
pany that of the lady we allude to into the Chamberlain's
office, as the person to introduce her at Court, and she will
accordingly be this day introduced, if some apprehended
difficulty in the Chamberlain's Office was not in the course
of yesterday raised to the presentation.

The Duke of Clarence visited his Majesty yesterday.
Yesterday the Duchess of Clarence and the Princess
Augusta visited the Duchess of Gloucester, and partook of
a dcruser at Gloucester House, after which the Princes'
Augusts took an airing in a chariot and four bays, attended
by Miss Wynyard.
Prince Leopold was expected in town last night.
Yesterday Mr. Secretary Canning had an audience of
his Majesty. Count Munster, the llanoverian Minister,
had also an audience of the King.

Ilia Grace the Dnke of Devonshire arrived about eleven
o'clock, A.M. on Tuesday, from Dover, and after alighting
for a moment at Devonshire House, proceeded in an open
carriage, attended by several outridt ra, in sleep mourning,
for Chiswick. We have since heard that the remains of
the late Duchess were brought in her own carriage to De-1
vonsbire Ilouse, at a late hour in the evening. The ar-
rangements were so privately conducted as not to be known
in the neighbourhood.
The last words of Lord Byron, before the delirium
which seized his powerful mind within three days of his
death, were----." I wish it to be known, that my last
thoughts were given to my wile, my child, and my sister."—
Doily Peirrr.
Mr. Mathews will shortly be "At Home," at Lewes.
We have been much gratified by perusing a volume
which has just appeared, entitled The Bkorraplty of lice
Brit i•ls Sta:,,e, which unfolds the vicissitudes that have
attended those who are now figuring before the public eye,
previ..us to their having attained their present enviable
celebrity. The volume is written with great liveliness and
impartiality, and interspersed with facetious anecdotes and I
illustrative wood-cuts, forming tog miter a valuable acquisi-
tion to the library.
Car no Lie A ssociAriox.—A very numerous meeting
of this AV.:M*4I6M was held at their Rooms, in Capel-
street, Dublin. on Saturday, C. Fitzsimons, EMI. in the
Chair. Mr. O'Connell read a letter from Mr. Plunkett, I
swing, that he would be happy to present the Petition,
and to expiess his sense of its importance; but that at
the present peried of the :.'smion, and as many of the kit rids
of the measure would be absent, he thought it would be
injurious to press for a discussion. Mr. O'Connell said
he hoped that Mr. Plunkett would not delay a single day in
bringing forward the question ; postponement was im-
possible, for the people of Ireland were determined to be I
eard. lie moved that Mr. Plunkett be requested to I
bring on the discussion with all convenient speed, which
was Revell to. _ _ _

The Fri nett Papers of Sunday, and the noile of
Monday, have reach( el us. The contents of these papers
are miinterestim.T, except the account of the Sitting
of the Chamber of Deputies on Saturday, when the
Report of the Cutamittee on M. Benjamin Constant's eligi-
was read. This re pert is a laborious performance ;
it rejects M. B. Constant's claims to be considered a,
Frenciumin. in consequence of his paternal descent, but
admits th. in on the s,de of his mother. and therefore re-
c minteuds his admission. The discussion of this report
by the ( 'hanier u as postponed till next Saturday.
Despatches, brought by the Lisbon Packet, were deli-
vered yesterday at the Foreign Whet% It is said that Mr.
Can ii ill g has received an urgent invitation from a tlistin-
pushed member of the Independent party, to interpose the
mediation of Great Britain for the tuljustment of the dif-
ferences which now agitate Portugal ; and also, the pro-
mulgation of a Constitution suited to the wants of the
people.—Frertiatr
New York Papers were yesterday received to the 21st
ult. A letter from La Guavra, of the 2tith of March, re-
ceived at New York, mentions the arrival of a French man
of war, dtAxitched by the Governor of Martinique, to give
assurances that the French Government entertained the
most perfect friendship towards Co'ombia.—The expedi-
tion from Cuba, to recapture the Spanish frigate Xi res, is
represented to have returned to port without having accenn-
plishrd object.
Spanianla sent from Ilavannah a frigate and a
sloop of war, to retake their corvette Ceres, merchant
vessels. Are. ; hut they do not appear to have found them.
Some of the prizes wen• carried to Key %Vest, and the
Ceres to Pensacola.—Commercial .4deert iser.

POETRY.

THE GILL C 1: or :11:1:NS,

WRITT IF ',11.117 ”I: Mov I '.IIV•AI.. 777t7
1.11 1:11: :I.lllr (1l 11,,:f1.11: 11Z11, A
1)1213

[ Fron the Atm ef

•
l'he • ter, I •41 t - • t
; (re •1:.• 11 11,1 r,••.
TLr I tst-- t:••• •••to 1,3 i,•••e
Ihark
thto t:on:e adorns 0;7 ;
"1.1, gr. h t! ••(' tel.o wont:3 14.31
Whor lair,. thee—:,t a *h.•:
To hitio, thy w
But now ut 10,1 o'er thy moulderirg brad,
Build 11!0i1U:tiV11,.

ram Ii Ut. spot is Caine. Ard 11110
Shag tur:, the.: tr.);:i thy •r..ore tv.w.•
Thy leas... is lung, thy iare.lord true,
Thy troubles cult e.
Tht• treat no more than Ulm
Fruit] Ilea% en's !mule.

swan of the Nith ! thy win; was
Tltv plumes were whitest ti: the
Ilut %ild and wayward se.is thy flight,
From *aye to *lice:
One course was thine, headstrong lied hrik,t,
}An to thy grave.
swan of the Nith ! if in thee
thy whiteness. 14(111c should see
The blemish: Men should view like me,
The life's rimy dream,
And let thy faults. like swan's fen, bo
Sunk in the teream.t
• Burns was ejected from his fat.n by an unfeellnF landlote.
d* It is sat I that the sw.ir. thick; her feet a blemish, Ind Meets
fore seldom ahews them.

:,:srt,...,lllll~rnr •
r.
01 el. 0-1
•.,4‘.
...r0S.11111!. I
• 4,0011011
• r't
• of
w to in
