LISBON AND FLANDERS MAILS.

mums, invsment 26.
Extract from the Diario do Gorermo, of November 20:—
° When we wrote the article in the Diario of Saturday
No. 90), we involuntarily omitted the essential circumstance
that the happy result which we witnessed on the 17th, is in
a groat measure owing to the patriotic seal of the most illus.
trom• Colonel Commandant of the light legion, Bernardo
Corrsa de Castro r Sepulveda. This distinguedwel officer,
enlightening the minds of those who were deluded by a ape.
emu; appearance for an ill-understontl public interest, had
the glory to restore to the public the tranquillity of which it
was deprived by the events of the 11th of this mooth; at the
..:tme time shewing to the world, that an army composed of
Portuguese is not capable of deviating from the paths of
g'orv.

" On the lSth the most illustrious and excellent General
cipar Texeira went to the Palace of the Government, and
h. in( introduced to the Hall of the Sittings, made Isis re-
spectful compliments to the Government, which were receiv-
nit!' the regard they merited. The Government corn-
mi. finned him to form project of a Military Council,
n 'Orli shall have to propose all that relates to the organiza-
tion and discipline of the army, the Government reserving
to itself as well the approbation of the plan and of the Mem-
rs of the said Council, as the decision on all the proposals
which it may make for the promotion of so important an
ohjnet, and the expedition of the orders, which must be
t.siismitted by the vompetent office."

No/rmout 29.

The Military Committee is setivrly engaged in the ob.
jo rto which are submitted to its consideration. It has et-
re,* recommended to the Government the distribution of
the medals which his Majesty has been pleased to order to
be bestowed un deserving officers, subalterns, and privates
of the army, indicating the form of them, and all
that is to be done in this respect in conformity with the
lloe+l orders. The Government adopted the proposal of
t: e Committee, and the distribution in question will shortly
be Insole.

The Gazelles are nearly filled with the articles extracted
f. um the Spanish Constitution, relative to the election of
Deputies to the Cortes. In the instructions addressed to the
Magistrates who arc to preside at the elections, it is observed
ti at the Articles relative to the Transmarine dominions are
applicable till their inhabitants shall spontaneously ex.
press their adherence to the general wishes of the Portuguese
people. The time being so short, it will not be possible, in
t ••se of any doubt arising, to apply to the Government ; the
P.esoii nes must, therefore, take advice of well•infortned
pricttos, and lake care that the elections are made without
fail osi the days appointed. The Deputies are to m►et at
I.,stoin on the 6th of January, 18'21, as arms before detenniue
ed.—(Lisbon (:azettss to Du-ember 2.)
VIPIINA, NOVFMBrit 26.. .

Count Zech', Minister Plenipueentisry of hes Imperial
Majesty to the Court of Prussia, is tlllll/ here, having left
Truppau on the night of the 20th. Since his arrival the re-
port is Kilt lAttl that the confrecuces will be continued sod
terminated here.

Field Marshal Count Bellrgarde, President of the Council
of War, la wined from Troppau on the 2241. The ohj.ct
("Chts going to that place appears to be less doubtful. 11 is
affirmed that this respectable veteran his just obtained the
tumour of a mission to Naples in the character of mediator.
Meriiiiiine it is affirmed that our sloops stationed in several
jaw .•ices of Upper Italy, are gulag to occupy the canton-
tr,iits destined fur theist, to pass there at lervit ■ part d the

WIWI'.

The most entire onderrtandiag continues to prevail be-
tween the Sovereigns end the M misters. It is expected that
the declarations will rpeedily be published, which will make
known the important resolutions of the Congress at Truppau.
The Aurfrian Obserrer, (unitary to its custom, has for
some days preserved an absolute silence respecting the
of the kinxilom of the Two Sicilies.

lawyery of great room nce have been consulted by
the Guirernment no the formation of a new Peual Code,
and a new code of prucreilin; in civil causes.

Lttrisc, xovemsra 11.

A courier has just arrived (rum Dresden with the news
that the Congress Truppau is terminated, and that the
(:abmet of Vienna has resolved to semi • Commissioner to
Naples (Count iteilegarde is spoken of fur this mieution), la
order to Min whether the change lately made is the
Government is or is not conformably In the widirs of his
S.cilean Majesty; we expect the confirmation or line sews
yet Vienna).

DtCPMBER 6.

Are bunts from Lille of the 3d my, " Fur some 111111 e past
reports have been circulated of our approachiag war. France,
it was affis wird, would out remain indifferent to the events
in Italy, and would take so active put in them. How-
ever improbable this may be, there are persons credulous
eoutigh to believe ii, hut to convince ourselves of the (slam hood
of these reports we need only observe, that the situation of
our Mousschy absolutely requires that we du mot iutertera

LONDON,
TUESDAY. DECEMBER 12. MO.

Lisbon and Flanders mails have arrived, bringing
a variety of political intelligence, which will be
found in one of our preceding columns. An arti-
cle extracted from • Brussels paper, purporting to
be a communication received from the fortress of
Lille. gives an account of the army of France,
which to us appears to be very astonishing. France
has long been essentially a military country, at least
the genius of the Government, whether BOURBON
or BONAPARTE be at its head, has been decidedly
military ; and since the restoration of the Boy RBONS
we have rentsrkrd no indisposition in and• branch of
the Siate to retailer the military force as brilliant
and effective a+ was possible. The write► from Lille,
however, now affirms, that with the exception of the
Royal Guards and the Swiss regiments, all the
corps of the Fiend) army are incomplete. Such
is said to be the condition of both iiarintry and
cavalry, and the inefficient state of the army is
urged by the writer as a reason why Fiance would
be unable to take en active part in any war which
might break out in Italy. The whole statement
we believe to he incorrect, and we reel satisfied that
there is not a Government on the Continent of
Europe more capable at this instant of a vigorous
and po serful military enterprise than the Govern-
ment of France.

What the disposition and feelings of the Cabinet
of the Teti!rein may be upon the subject of the
Austrian iteva•ion of Naples, is a question of a very
different Wow, and one of far higher importance.
The power of France to arrest the progress of
Austria in her march of conquest through the south
of Italy cannot, we think, be questioned, but
what her policy may dictate on such an occasion is
• point of deep and serious interest. The jealousy
subsisting between Austria and France, ever since
the splendid rivalry of the powerful CHARLES V.
and the chivalrous FRANCIS. has become almost
proverbial. It has appeared to operate on both
Governments as their settled principle of action ;
they have, indeed, long divided the Continent of
Europe between them, fur until the persevering
energy of one FREDER;CC, and the successful am-
bitiou of another, raised the petty State of Brun-
denburgh into the Kingdom of Prussia, no names
were heard on the Continent of sufficient weight to
divide the public interest with the great Houses of
Austria and France. All other Powers were con-
tented to rank as the allies of each respectively ; but
now Prussia seems to divide the empire of public
opinion with either, while the Russian has collected
a huge power in the north, ready to fall like an
avalanche upon whatever State that may excite his
cupidity by its fertile lands, or his displeasure. by
verouritig to resent his rude interference in the in-
ternal economy of ether people. The elevation of
Russia and Prussia, however, into Powers of the
first class, is too recent to alter, in ally sensible
degree, the relations between Austria and France,
and the close connexion which the former seems to
have formed w►th the two Northern Powers is not
calculated to remove whatever sentiments of jea-
lousy may still lurk in the Cabinet of Paris.
Italy, too, it cats never he forgotten. was a cow.
strut theatre for the quarrels of these two 'nighty
Powers. and excited, in the warmest degree, their
mutual hostility. France has ever looked with the
utmost anxiety to obtain a footing in that " garden
of Europe," and with jealousy to the better finteisies
of her rival, which have given her the command of
the entire northern division of Italy. Is it to he
supposed that - France would now regard w►th in-
d &relice the triumphant u►arch of Austria through
the whole extent of that country, winch must of
necessity- give to the Cabinet of Vienna an outvo-
te-oiled influence in every part of it ? We do lint
think that even the British Cabinet could view sueli
I provertliog oil the part of Austria with compla-
cency, for it would effectually destroy that myste-
rious balance of power whits it was the business
•ud boast of our profound Shatesineu to accomplish.
We cannot here refrain from drawing the •treutiou
of our readers to the great probability that from
this time forth the interests of Europe will
requite es clear union between the Govern-
memo of England and France, us a neces.
miry counterpoise to check the alarming power
of the confederacy that has been formed by

Austria, Prussia, and RAsspia.
France on the present occasion weak
influenced, in • considerable degree,

preseion of what the actual feelings o.
Family of Naples might be on the subject
revolution. It is to ascertain this point that Ge.
neral the Count BCLLesiiittni said to have been
sent by the Allied Bovereigba to Naples. Th
mediation of France has probably reduced liter
violent tone of the Austrian Cabinet in awi.
this mild and conciliatory iwoceeding. The Itayai
Family of Naples cannot safely deny their spine.
bation of the late proceedings, and their answer
to this effect, while it gratifies their own subjects,
and strengthens their throne by insuring the boil
affections of the people, must also save the comb•
try from the horrors of the Austrian invasion.
The Government of France might be as mseillissx
as any in Europe to sanction a revolution effeeted
by the people without the concurrence of the
Royal authority, but the most ordinary principles
of foreign policy cannot railer the Court of the
Tuileries to lend themselves to the aggrandizement
of Austria, by sanctioning her unopposed conquest
of all Italy.

The following is an extr►ct of a private letter
from Gibraltar:—
_

Y GI AAAAA AR, 11011/3111011 16.

" We have been kept in great agitation for some time
past, respecting the final determination of the C,rtss, re-
garding cotton goods. The question is at length set at
rest, the Cortes having, advantageously for us here, ex-
cluded all the productions and nsaunfecturta of Great Bri-
tain and her Colonies, excepting butter, cheese, &c. Bssi-
twos iii still very dull, owing to the yellow (ever being to
to the northward and westward. The Malaga road is the
only one now open."
Letters from St. Thomas's, dated the end of
October, state, that MORILLO, after driving
BOLIVAR back to the vicinity of Angostura. had
granted him a truce, at his easireat rolocitation. A
meeting of Commissioners, finally to adjust the
difference', and put an end to hostilities, was to
take place on the.23d October, at San Fernando de
A pure.
The following extract from a private letter, con-
tains some further particulars relative to the death
of CHRIPTOPHE. and the state of parties in the
island of St. Domingo :—.

" Cape Town, October 15.
" I am unable to express the pleasure I feel in in-
raining you that that moat specious and bloody tyrant,
Chrislophe, is uo more, and that lie fell by his own blood.
stained hands. Of the causes which led to this import-
ant event, yen will have various and cont.adictory ac-
counts, few being correctly informed of the leading parti-
culars. However, one sentiment of the deepest abhorrence
of his person, his guv►romeot, and proceediugs, appear,' to
pervade the whole population of the country, succeeded by
a universal jay at being relieved from a state of slavery and
terror, never perhaps equalled in the history of the human
rare. Fortuaatelf for the inhabitants of this city, its Go-
vernor, Richard, Duke de Marinelade, wa■ ■ man of
steady, houtaise sentiment,'; and during all the rigour and
espionage of the late Government, the city was never more
quiet or more safe. The man to whom they now all look
up, Is Past Romaine (Prince du Linsbe), the oldest General
they have, who is a man of moderate principles, awl it uni-
versally beloved by the people. We have much to hope
from his authority in making the new arrangements. Thi■
revolution, 1 expect, may prevail, for some lime, the regu.
tar cultivation of the soil ; but it will certainly be the means
of putting vast sums of money into circulation."

On Tuesday, CI,: fir.t, and on Wednesday, the
second division of the 7th Royal Fusileers marched
into Edinburgh Castle, from Glasgow. Five coni.
[Janie' are to he stationed in Edinburgh, which is
to be the head-quarters, and five companies are to
remain in Glasgow.

A few individuals, in concert with an eminent
house in the City. in the coarse hot week pur.
chased not lefts than two millions in the 3 per cent.
reduced.

The East India Company's ships Princess Amelia
and General Hewitt had arrived r.sfe in Aujeer
Road on the 27th July.
It is said that forty millions of dollars were
found in the treasury of CHRISTOPHE.

IhawtcK•EPON-TWEED ELECTION.—At the
final close of the Poll, Dec. 7, the 'lumbers were—

For Sir Franck Blake, 8art............ 374
James Balfour, Eat. 3OJ
. . . .

. .
Sir FRANCIS BLAIL u woo alierwards chaired through
the lowa.

A letter from Whitehayen, dated November 29,
contains the following lamentable atelligence :
•• There is gnat mortality at Saint Beep, about
four miles from White haven ; it is said to he the
yellow fever, and the infection is supposed to have
hoen conveyed in a persAn's clothes from the West
lodtes.—The scholars at the academy are all sent
home."

A few days since, whilst the Fox revenue cutter,
Lieut. ST. JOHN, was in Mount's Bay, she observed
a large galley leaving a vessel laden with wines, &e.
Orr commauder iminesliately ordered his boat to
board her, and the galley was taken possession of
for not having a license. On his going adiore at
Peezance, Lieut. ST. JOHN was Ostiiiird with the
must opprobrious epithets by the boat's crew and
other. on the beach, and was at length so roughly
handled, that, is self-defence, he struck One of the
part• with 111% umbrella, for which he is held to
bail at the Qoa►ter Sessions. Oir his passage
through the town, afterwards, he was itg:iirs
suited, beaten, and pelted in a most disgraceful
manner.

IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITV.—The ruins of
Blackwell 11+11 having been removed, the building
intended for the receptirm of the Commissioners of
Bankrupts i• advancing to completion renh great
rapidity ; already is the roof put ohe, and in the
comae of half a )tar it is expected that it will be
thrown open to the public. It will consist of four-
teen principal rooms fur public meetings, under
the different lists, besides fourteen smaller rooms
fur private sneetisigs. There will be other offices
fur the general transaction of bankruptcy affair+.
It is • plain but substantial brick buildnig. In
front of this building, next to Guildhall, will be
erected new Courts of Law, the plans of which
have long since been decided si ))))) •ud the m-
e ssity for which has been tuuCli felt.

THE DUCRESS OF CLARENCE.

[COURT CIRCLLAR

In addition to the reports of the Medical Gen.
tlemen 'attending the Royal Duchess and th%
fent Princess in the course of yesterdlov, it was
deemed! necedatisry that the Medics! Gentlemen,
consisting of Sir HENRY 11.41.1,0110, Sir WILLIAM
KNIGHTON, and Dr. ANDREW lIA WORT. *timid
be called, in to attend the Duchess, and they accusal-
ingly issued the following bulletin :

" King's Palate, St. Jamie's, Det. 11.
Eleven o'Clock, et. ay.
" Hrr Royal Highness the Duchess of Clarence has pawed
a very good night.
" The natal Princen seems likely to live.
'• HL•'NRY HALTOM).
"WILLIAM KNIGHTON.
"ANDREW HAI.LIDAY."

The Medical Gentlemen.appointed to attend the
Royal Duchess assembled i I ht te
st
o'clock. .114 t at
o'clock. when they found the Royal Duchess and
the infant Princess so extremely well that they did
not deem it necessary to issue 4 Second bulletin.
however, it affords as sincere pleasure to be able to
state, that her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cla-
rence and her infant daughter continue to do well.
Lieut. KBWARD HALL, of the Royal Navy. left
town last night with dispatches, annotincurtg the
happy event to the reigning Duke of MEININGEN
and her Royal Highness's affectionate family.
The inquiries in the course of the day were most
numeron., consisting of all the bulk and fashion in
town. The Duchess of KENT and Princess SO-
PHIA were both admitted to are their beloved sister
awl the young Princess ; and what afforded us
much gratification, were the crowds of humble
but grateful pensioners of this good Duchess,
which surrounded the Palace, anxious to u•cer-
tatn the state of he► whose bounty had been their
support ever since her eatablohment amongst
us. Weed we understand it is almost incredible
the good which her Royal Highness has done in
the way of charity, and with an exemplary diffi-
dence and privity mink the truly benevolent stud
humane. COO grant that the i-sue of such a
mother may be spared to us, sad that he► liven
may be gladdened whose whole life, front all that
we have heard, has been spent in doing good !
The royal infant was on Sunday evening, in com-
pliance with the desire of his MAJESTY, baptised
in the name of ELIZABETH. It slept five hours on
San,lay night, ■nd although come before its time,
afford. every hone of surviving. Our late venerable
and beloved KING was a seven month.

The conduct of ti F.
mold possibly be
gree, by on its.
pof the Roysl Crr ----, fr- , e,t
e subject of the Caa 4: ,0••••• tA)g 1.142
