prodoc, irritation.
The Petition woo Ilion ordered to be printed.

Mr. PLUNKETT gave notice of • &notion (we believe)
on the Tithe Lowy, for the 23d of May.
Mr. PET.I. presented a Priition (rum the Dean and Pre-
bendary of the Episcopal Chapel in Long Acre. and another
friim the Magistrates of Kilmarnock, against She admission
of Roman Catholic Peers into Parliament —Laid on the
table.
HOTHAM presented a similar Petition from the
Msysw and Aldermen of Beverley.
• The Irish Milt Duty Repeal Dill was postponed to
Monday next.
• Mr: C. HUTCHINSON presented a Petition from certain
Distillers iu Ireland respecting the alteration in the malt
duty.—laid on the table.
Mr. tvILHRH FORCE rose So correct a rolsrepresentntlqi
which hail gone forth of an observation whirls had fallen from
biro, ay apptird to a Right Honsiarible Friend of his °Nr-
Mte (Mr. Wynn). He had been reprewmted (as he tinder-
stood) to have *skeet whether that Right Honourable Gentle-
men. had juiced the present Administration because he agreed
with them. 6.r coin/46461 in their view. because be had joined
them. Now he *eternal, protested be never made sods a

declnration.
Mr. %S'YNN said, as for as lie was personally concerned,
he never thought the uhsrrsation had been made ; and he
ahnuhi not ►naret the misrepresentation, as it bad called
forth au valuib'ran explanalitia.

• I
THE CATHOLIC PEERS.
Mr. CANNING mooed the Order of the Day fur the
second reading of the Catholic Peers BEI.
Upon the question that the Bill be now read—
Mr. SMITH ruse to make a few observations: upon the
gener'al question he should not say one word. In common
with (he whole House, lie f• It the highest respect for the
talents • f the Right Honourable Gentleman Who tad intro-
duced the ; bet he most exente hint when he said
he considered it a measure of the mod extraordinary nature,
a measure partial, instituted, and wind to the great body of
'the Roman Cillinfict, and egregionsly aristocratic. It
was uujost to grout this boon to the Reiman Catholic Peen,
and leave the laity where they were. He had paid the molt
sedolon• 'Menthol to the opening speech of the Right Ho-
nourable Gentleman, and if soy thing were wanting to fill
up the measure of his oppoodion, it would he found in that
speech. 'He had sat with .I he greatest anxiety, and certainly
not without alarm, lest the warning of the Honourable
Baronet (Sir T. Lethbridge) might be tree, and that his
lodgment should be carried away by the Dilatory of the
Right Hon, Gentleman. However, if any doubt remained
on his mind It ass entirety removed by the speech of the
aught Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Peel), who had we powerfully
binswered the arguments which bid been adduced, and so
' beautifully adhered to the limits of the question. He had
'Word it rumoured that this measure was not consonant to the
feelines of the great hotly of the Catholic laity, or to those
who geuerally advocated what wet called Citlisolie Emenci-
petiou. Re was therefore sorprieed to hove hearditte Hots.
'did Learned iffethlter (111 r. Pamkettl, who had brought for.
Wird the great 'measbre lad Scotties, support the presetit
motion. He wee enipeised to have heard him eitprees his
afipt'ohttirits, triathad of mono; fan was reported be would
have dope) the previous qurstloo.—(A laugh )—He slid not
of fourse riatibt the elheerity of the Member for the Uoirer-
idly hf Doblin, hutif•he approved of this measure, why dot
bring forward the genetril measure at once ; for surely that
noestion, aided and supported by securities, would tome
Mimi] hailer recommended to the linear ii the present
measure, otteonnected with any such etioditions. He there-
fore considered it orange that the Right lion. Gentleman
could net *sit for six little months—(A laugh)—when the
whole quesliihr would be before them. He thought he had
stated good reasons why those who were heifer tuchned to
agree with the retinal measure shettlA convent to • pospolie-
wand of 'thie mesanre. It was no question so to whether
tilos Omni was a traitor or not ; or if Charles 11. were a
Papist Or not ; or whether the Catholic Peers were or were
not deprived improperly of their privileges. It was whether
this measure, if carried, would he likely to strengthen the
':probability of auntie with the general roestrure ; In his
..apioion it would have no such effect. Ohe word upon the
'general measure. If ever the time shonld arrive wheu sent-
- illies 'should he found sufficient to satisfy the etroplem of Isis
high. Hon. Friend, soil those who entwined with him, then,
aid oot till flans, would he consent to relax those restricouns
and exclusions which yet remained noon the Catholic body.
Mr. WETHERELL apologised for addressing the House
after the eloquent slid highly gifted persona who hail spoken
on this subject ; though yet, In consideration of hie right of
exercising the free spay of debate, he could not anent to
any thing which implied that they were to enjoy a monopoly
of the attention of the Howie. He wished to state the
ground, of the motion with which he intended to conclude
his address. namely, that the Bill should not pus—grounds
which he hoped to be able to prove were already decided
specifically by the House in favour of his motion. The
Right Hon. Gentleman who introduced this Bill had chosen
to take a comae altogether different from ally taken hereto-
fore by soy of the advocates of emancipation. He hail
taken a particular branch of that subject, and leasing out
the queetion of admitting Catholics to all the offices of the
State, had detached and insulated a portion from the whole,
which vet was of equal importance with all that he had left
remaining. The proposition for repealing the Exclusion
Bill was founded on the tronsactoina of the day ; on the
alarming finnan which had caused the enactment of it; un
the Popish plot ; and the incredible infamy of Titus Oates.
He was ready to admit the infamy of Odes—din his plot '
was tiothing but it beige lie, or any other name they chose
to apply to it. The argument then would be, supposing all
this to be true—the cause which originated the Bill hosing
teased, the Bill should be euncluiled •Isia ? Another argue
merit engrafted upon this by the Right Hun. Attorney.
reeorral'oss, that the Eaclesion Hill wua nut considered as
a Aindsmenlal principle of the Revolution. He would ad. '
rah the impelling and existing cause of passing the Bill
might bare been the madness—the fury—the incapable '
rage of the people, then labouring under the dread of Popish
treason. But though the plot to murder the King was a
fable, wird were the circumstance* concurring with that
period ? Not to say any thing of the notorious disposition
of Charles 11. toward, the Popish religion, nor to insist
upon the act by which he made that cotispicOone to the
whole nation at his death, the breath was scarcely out of his
body, ten dojo had Hid elapsed, before a mnsage arrived
from the French King to keine of Bailin° what forte and
strength could he raised in England in support of the Popish
religion. Suppose it true that the ransom which originated!
the Bill hail ceased altogether,and other ceases to mite after
of full minuet iroportauce, was not the contiousere of the
lave jitattlied by Mow tokorquent cireumst slices ? CutineeteJ,
however, with this, was the proposition mentioord by bins
before, Which w as proaouneed by • very high aothurit y, that
the Exclusion Buil has uo pima& of the Revolutiim. If ao,
"'Si Would have to give up the main pillar of all 1114 argil.
lllieehis opposed 10 the Bill beftwe them. Let any melt de.
tioesteitt to him that the finagles of Cobohes from Par.
ihrosetitewai obtroideiwpfeted at the Settlement ; and, little 11,1
• Victim ettataturuce of tillevatti, itfat poi ma would have •

very good 'Wee of meneing it fur the Bill before them. lie
'tonight dot he could. by very atithentle docomente, prove
the contrive beyond all cuatroverey. He would appeal int
of all to the correspondence caroled on by James during the
life of Owlet' with the Prince and Princess of Orange.
The thike was solicitous to make theM parties in his cumpi.
racy ageinst the religion and liberties of the country. What i
would have been the effect had he succeeded it would be
dilnesilito say; but at any rate there emild Itsie Seri' no
"Glorious Revolution,"—there would leave been no Kin
William to save the Constitution, suit become thedellverer of ;
Euglishmeu from the bonds of a doable slavery—from ty.
reouy at home, instigated by the cruelty of foreign
faction and b;gotry. The correipnedence took One, con-
ducted by Mr. Steward for the Utlke of York, and for the
Prince and Paincess of Orange by Pagel. The letter as
sounded as teethe probability of obtaining the consent of the i
Prince and Princess to the repel of the penal laws, and par:
Similarly the Bill excluding Catholics from the Home* of
of Parlismeut. So that lay documents long before the Re
'Solution there was an implied contract entered into that the
penal Ines were on their acerlision to continue In fhtte. The
subject Mat treated In their, aniwer in a peonage, which, as
It was not eery long, be weed recite to the House. The an-
nwer uf FAO to Mr. Steward's letter was, that they
were meet against all persecution, on accoutre of religion.
They freely consented that the Papists should be relieved
from the et-verities of the laws made ntreonst them upon ac-
cunnt of their religion, and wete willing to grant • full to-
booth:to to other dissenters ;* but they could not consent to
the repeal of those laws that tended wily to the r ity of
the Protestant religion, op time robeerning the tors,
which imparted no punishment, bat only an incapacity of
holding public employments, eceleitianteal and civil,
which could Mot be complained uf as severities, gine.
it was a minus ub d in aft unions, and watt now
necessary, both for securing the poithc peace and the
established teligiun. If the numbers of the Papists *ere
nosh, it sas not remonable le make such a change far the
sake of • few ; and if these few that aimed at public cm.
ployinents would be um far prejudicial to their own piety as
not to suffer the King to be rot:tent with the repeal of
the penal' levee unless they euuld get into offices of trust,
their anibilion was only to be binned if they refus.d
such goisd Offers. Su that King William dad agree
to give toleration and relax the penal lawn, but not
the gxelasloa Bill. This brine the conduct of the Prince
of Orarat before the Revolution, what tea place im-
dtediately tapirla the Revolution? The first act Of the
coyeriinient Seas the Bill of Rights, sod the acsetiption
Riven in it of the couvocatiou of Pees was, "The Lords
Spiritual and Temporal, being Proftnattis.” The Commons
here said to have been connoted by leans—the Bill declar-
ing the assembled Parliament to be Prufeirtentll- Ile Legis-
lature, the Executive, the establishate•le lef terry Islet nets
to be Protestant. It would hardly be ernottosded thin Lord
Somers and the other great men of lila 'thee ',Ogre 11-
Immo of the 3dtto of Charles 11. The Bilt of Rights
Melt have intended the cocky of the Catholics, intim
It could tw supposed that those great men were Mintquainted
with the astatine of Charles II.; hot there seed other eei.
ideates which were worthy of remark. New limitlitions were
given to the prerepoive by the form of Ilse coronation oath
ehrtioin prescribed, 'Mali boned the Klee and Chino to de.
fend the Protestant Chureleand rites, as then ertablished.
Protestantism prevailed throughout, and the Government, as
thee fonuded, was to be Protestant only. From the Refer-
nektion down to the Revolution, no King was Wand to swear
le defend the Protestant Church and rehpuit. There was no
oath but the one old customary oath, which had been in use
time out of mind, to preserve the Heists and (.berries of the
my* TM. entire deviation from the fonirof the old oath,
dirtied the design of preserving the Protestatit Government,
!mod by that to beuefit the Revolution. Again, let them re-
cite to the Act of the Scotch Ultimo, passed eighteen years
after, the g2tl, article of whirl, stipulated the orpresestation
of Scotland in both Houses, compelling the reptestulattee
and constiment bodies to be entirely Protestant; so that
here was the implied comport before the antral of 'Eine
The Rill of Highly, 'which was the consequesce
'or his coming—the terms of the new Coronation Oath—the
clauses both its that Bull and the Scotch Uniou—meld
any thingonore be wanted to prove that exclusion um •
fatidamenfal pelaelple of the Resolution ? He had no din.
position to trouble the House with arguments upon the ear.
tent topics of Ilse question. He would next notice the poeti-
cal., grounds for seleetiee the VIM' of the I' ton, ant therea.
suns for simplifying and extracting it from the general Imes.
sure of relief. Ile wished to have amine argument why this
ease should be detscikd from the CUOIRIOIIa, and made the
,subject of the present Bill. He thought it • very odd
commencement for the House to make in the Mignon
or emancipation. They might have expected the appli-
cation of the old proverb, as "charity begins at home,"
that their own case would hsve been the precentor of that
of the Peers. He knew that it was quite practicable fur the
-Moon to imminence a eseasore affectiee the Lords. That
not his topic; but at keel it might have bleu expected
Moo the Right Honourable Gentleman would have token
-cam to introduce his brodur Cumin:mem A Noble Lord
had said that the Commons were lout the imaniueee of per-
sons sitting in another place. What would the Noble Lord
say uf the Commons sealing seven or right etstesits of
introduction to the House of Peers? Tt undid put the
Home in an invidious light when it was sera that they were
not eery ardent to set op the Heim of the prelwint order,
provided they could prevail for those of the Catholic anew.
• erect. He professed Hot to be able to discern the difference
of these rights, or why the Peer should hr reintegrated before
the Commoner. He waived the question of the right to
either. He wished to bear the reasons for the differeoce.
He on more at a loss to account for the inconsistency of
the Bill. By that Bill the Peers were to be allowed to go
into the House without say cautionary oath, which was to he
tende.ed to the Catholic etimmoher, in one the Bill should
pass for general emancipation next year. Why weather:Am-
lic Commoner to be shackled with 'Atha, and ant the Catholic
Peer? Was these less danger in a Catholic Peerage than a
Catholic House of Commons? But, above all, why not put .
them both into the same Ball? As In the distinctioe set up
between the right of the Pier a pOiori to sit in Perlin
meet, and the right of the Commoner only emseetetent
upon election, the law equally excluded both, and is
that view their case was alike. On a Pismo occasiou
the audaority of Lord Bacon was Mutt& into play, which
declared all rights to be equal—celiac ty or vligibihty
I
Now, capacity was every thing and eligibility nothing.
Titus might the same argument he brought to bear with
equal force on Merest shies of the same question, and be
equally formitlable;every way. He thought still that the
Hight Hum Centlemin hid nut 13;-eit successful its the cumin
distinction of the cases. He did taut pretend to doubt that
Peer. were at liberty to sit its the House from the reign of
Elizabeth to the 30th Charles II.; that during all the* time
they were brought to no lest, and still might sit in the House.
The reason Kinn fur Ibis by the Queen was, that abe had the.
Peen more iintuediately moltr her eye. He could admit
the fact of the Peers' privilege to he historically hues and
yet he could nut find out the distinction taken by the Bill
before the House. He was anxious, too, to known the rea-
rots why the tests before introduced land been omitted in 'this
'Bill. What, lie would ask the 200 voters who sapported
the Bill, was the reason thnt the test. of the Bills of 1807
-end 1111, were left out of this Bill? He then adverted
to die Ball uf Mr. Grattan, which was given at !teeth
net the work upon his late, unites by an Honouratde
relative of his, who prontiaell to succeed to the rkbill.
ties of his predecessor. That Bill was not negligeart of
oaths, of promisee mid oblization. It bound the parties to
swear uto to disturb the property or rrllibois ut Protestants.
Of course they welt prevented frum attenoptiog any diner
in church property. They were bound, in short, nut to na-
taudesce soy
Church or State. W'hy dad Mr. Grattan, who was to be
considered as the Mumma of foie question—who would not
be suspected tale dispositiou to superfluity t.f restrictions—
who would rather love mock soothing than outrageous re-
tuedna—why did he provide then bounties? His Bill was
prepared with a plentiful machinery of dlauce over cur.
respondence@ with the Cows of flume. Why was the Ca•
antic Peer to be free from all uf there reetrectione,
which were to be laid oat the CAntatuusw ? Enen. slag
Ball of last year contatued some seenrity, although
the oath prescribed was, after ell, what most moat he
considered an a very milk mid • &ter oath. Itto
why was it necessary last sea: to impose all oath,

end what Micl'e it anseerstary now ? Why was it to he im-
posed on Peer and Commoner hot imp", Nod not en the Peer
now ? It *ea said that there was nowslio Popish surceasing
to be dreaded, end the foam ceasing, the le• should no ?
imager exist. He did not mean to say that that 111:11111VIt
was unfair. But it was set logic to se* that, became' the
greater danger had d, there was no Janette remain. i
tug at ill. There might be so danger of Pnpi.h de-
signs upon the throne, but there would be WOW for
Popish designs io Parlament; and though be wruhl not
emoted for the great quantum of danger, it WAS
pain that a subordinate degree would ridst. As to the
tint of the Peers. a prthrf, to sit in Parliament, the
Queen, at the Revolutioe, bad • right a priori to marry •
Papist. But fur what Will it declared by the Bill of Ilighse
that the crown should fall from the head of the King the first
lirne lie was seen at nom? It was not to he by inter-
ference of the Parliament. Tile throne -as to b-come ac- •
twiny secant. The King alight fairly say.why tint estaticipate
him as will as the Peers. He ought to hive his rights aim ta-
mer' if the danger was so far remote. In parity of *res-
ilient the eases were the same. The Catholics might Aerie.
the power to destroy those eery laws. The principle was
the same, though there be great disparity iii the degrees of
danger. Ile could point oat places and oressioni where
eight or ten Peers might by union and argument pro-
duce eTects not at all eorrespondine With their member,
compared with what might be railed the common herd
or population of the Peerage. That man insert be miry
ignorant of the Coostiontiers who did not kuow that right
or ten Peers had turned many qateitiess of • very iinportast
elute by a conjunction of their influence, which dvagreed
entirely with their numerical proportioo. The fame prin.
tapir was applicable to the rights of the Peersoad Use King.
There could he nu reason fur limitieg the religion and mar-
riage of the King, which did nut as well apply to the limi-
tation of the rebgiou of the Peers. Why showld they apply
throe restrictions to that power of the Constitution which
vas ifertolited With the third Estate, which were sot fietrisary
for the second? He did not put this on the supposilioo of a
nice had scrupulous sense of the ',milieu, If lbeCloilittler.
t ion. He remarked on the care taken theouglioeirElsrape to
secure the civil supremacy of the State,' fiat WO Catholic
Aostriai to assail Catholic Venice, in woe at witieit,lran•ddid
Roman Church not subjected to some restrictions. Why
wan Protestant England alone to do withebt 'ffetitantees, re-
quirk by all Europe besides? Nay, is 1814, Spain was
naked by Rotate to alter the oath of eepresssey, add ve-
fused it. Why should Protestant Erseleed moved* dime
than Cathohc Spain would lOW ? Ye kilter that the
doctrines (minded on the Weed' of Titus (Mori plot
and elm dangers of Popery *V tIM lime,"ekre *apposed
la be antiquated and gone H• would quote some.
thing more modern. He reftreCa them to the various
treaties also century, and the pehoewilioge of Conceive its
11788. He recurred to the Bill of last year, •is order belle
NM the preamble the Intention of inassioe it-'+' fur the Out-
klose bf uniting and knitting together a belltearis ttf all sub-
jects." Thin was not likely to predate maims-of hearts. It
we'll be heart's time to the Peer—lOUs it was hearted'
to the Commoner. Yet this was to produce universal owe,*
aseleffeet the final completion of ell ditErenees end &Pleat.
ties. After some fuither remarks, he roucluded by slowing
024 the Bill be read this day six months.
r. WILMOT had voted for concessions to the Cathaliell,
but had never before stated hie reasons. He lad, most
other difficalties, that of differing from w large end respect-
able body of constituents; but where the tappiwess Or 1114 I-
lions was in question, be took) not hesitate as to his equity.
He would take the Bill on its intrinsic merits ; be me no-
thing in tbe Catholic religion to, prevent rweessidus-from
'being Male to them. He could nqt think of deannniltirg se-
curities without danger, and no Over-Mould be nepeekend-
helftrum admit ties six or eight Catholic Peers: • !Carew hies
were wanting, they might be deuirnded•o&thelitmerel inert-
'swig of tiaiincipadion, mod until then, onnlideClig the suffer-
ingreuf 'the put, Parliament mild offend to betirmaterell-
ieell fur the securities. He denied that three 'was they
Mille in the coronation oath which justified thelCingln or-
'fasilfg to assent to an Art in limier of the Callsoffes, if there
were nothing in the measure dangerous to the klatch.
Ciimradn prejudice was now the •sole•sopporr of the penal
toile, which prejudice yet went opon-• night feeling, that
such disabilities would never have been imposed if tromersed
cause had not existed. He was soi to be Intimidated by the
door's of molesting the Coustitulien, giblets was an ffieieutly
plastic to admit this alteration withoutdangier. It woo*, ra-
ther tend to consolidate than weikeu the Constitution. It
was nut now material what gave rice to the:Exclusion Dm
Charles 11. was of an anti-Eliglisla.ayirit, sad the tests teen
required were against a religion the prefecture! 'of which
were then habitually disloyal. ?Let • the Whine retook
how mvaltially immunity after intention 'isiifgnees fee
stored, in the munificent reeve sitWl; TM.
proved that they felt the restrictions • hal Ili tn, fir
enough to secure from danger. 'llle towsillie+4l that the
dread of anomalous techuicalitiek an loildr"Bill was me.
thing, because greater anomalies Ventillacarto exist. The
present code dashed the cup of chill lineety'proffered freon
the lips of the Papist, and then hollered hien for his thirt.t.
He considered the principle of the DOH eilltibllshed 'already,
mid let it pan, the prejudices would foie • sway. He
thought the omission of the tests in 11w 818 levfeetil
justified. He thought it '•blierd to dread the 'retro-
gression of a whole people to`theiPeriolls et foresee darkness.
The Pope had crowned Bonaparte Eniperor, lanai yet Catho-
lic Spain and Catholic Austria hail leaped with England
to put down the usurper. He did not• Believe that the Ca.
tholic Commoners would feel airy thing but pharetre legatee
the concessions to their Peerage. He anticipated great
effects from the conciliatory (bander of-the Bill in s• it bug
Ireland, and uniting it together for the common advantage
of both countries. That wasan object of more con.idesatiao
than the technical difficulties of incorporating the 11111 with
the Statute Book. He thought that the Bill wool(' he censider-
ed as an earnest among the Irish—tint loyalty of the popula-
tion being so conspicaous—that the House WU IA Id immediately
I lte the general case of their misfortancs into rot iMerstion.
I (lamer, that there was • sertner 'settee of responsibility
attached to the taking sip or refusal of the meastire. They
ought to pause oe tbe consequences of the ri fugal. He had
beard a debate in another place on this quest cm. A Ca-
. tholic Peer sat without the her with a boy by his side twelve
years old. "Ou the division of this night," said the Noble.
men, " depends whether I must encourage or depress the
apart is the mind of this boy." Eight yearn had since past.
A serious responsibility attached to the Home for checking
pee haps every thing that was valuable is the public or private
life lath's! buy. He couelttaled by an traincrt iorocatiori lo
theta as men, an fathers, sad peefessoes of Christianity, to
rote fur the motion.
Colonel FOSTER did not like the contraction a irie ;whole
Catholic questiou ha the admisiion of Peers and Commoners
to Polio:mut. He objected to the Bill. because it did no-
*lug to conciliate lrelaud. The Ceiba:ice would ea Ily re-
ceive any thing which put therm on the threshold of their
sights; but if the Bill were passed, and they had time to re-
Beet upon .heir rights, they would nut fel to oho eve that
they did slot owe this step to the sense of general justice,
but of favour to the few individuals Id be benefited. It
would communicate a fair greater decree of 'Maumee to the
English than the Irish Catholic bodies. He mailitained the
novae., of deferriag it till the general measure world be
brought forward.

Dr. PHILLIMORE supported the Bill. He thought
that it would be peculiarly useful to the Irish question. It
was more feasible stun the crux rat ettirAiuu of eniaoripefion,
because the measure war dcflur.l 111 ore stem', mid the same
reason might be Orris to justify the omission of secu-
rities. lie thought that the Hon. and Lesreirel Gentleman
should have quoted the terms of the statute of Elizabeth,
banned as she was by Popish couspinic•es against her
crown mid life, and ye t retaining sti much magnanimity its
to wish to observe toleration as fer as possible. The words
of the Act confining the oath to the Commons were Ilium:
"Provided always, that fur as much .s tier Majesty is
otherwise safficiently snared of the faith sod 10) alty of the
Catholic Lord., that the said oaths shall out extviid to C.lllBllO
1160 SW Peers to tithe or prososuce them," &c.; and thus
untied the state of the law for 115 yrais from Iti:J2. He
refined to the manifest loyalty of the Catholic Peers of
that 'period. The Marquis of Windiest, r; Lord Howard of
who first fell iu encountering the Armada;
Muniengle, who was •he first to discover the gunpowder plot;
mid, abuse all, the regard they 'tossed to the Protestant
'theme, by voting iu the tetra of Charles I. sgatiest de•

prising the llistinps of their rotes. AMIGO( Are liandred
Noblemen and Gentlemen who fell in the unhappy dieter.
bawl. subsequent, 190 were Catholics. He cited the
ditty of EirOlin, who was present at the trial of Lord Sitars
ford, and in his remarks insole on the sane day observed—.
afore notielog the flagitious tergiversation of religions
roondiort,lhat the tesiimooly of sorb a miscreant night
not to have been taken aAainat the life of a dog._..
And yet it wag upon the plod proved by Hales and
Bolllite 11.s1 tie Exclusion Bill psssed. Bing %%Ma irh-
n friend to tolerstion, and many coercive looeasstos were
forced upon him by the patriots. If they were to continue
en j e 54.4.41 of nitmlitme Catholics, wby bad thermal beee An
of tie Po estreterionr, who lad bef..re now giros such open
and violent hostility to the Church of FAN:lent Ha caw.
eluded by earnestly praying 'unmet to the Hill.

Mr. COURTENAY declined to to into the principles
of the Revolution, or the motives which induced the
lAgislaturo to pass the 34th of Charles the Second.
for the last eighty years we had found it most consistent
with the principiles of the Cosmitution to relax the lane
rgaiost the Reams Catholics. The operation of the minas?
Indemnity Ait arlin ench as to render ioefrecta al the pravistoqii
of the Test Act tuned sgiiast them. But if it was a Fait
of the compact between the Kin and the people in the
Revolution to siclaile Catholic, from offices, civil and mil.-
tory,, how slid that Mead without' conduct Bad not ne
completely opened the rairksof the army and navy to them!
Red we nut declared theist qualified to be raised to the bighest
situations in both. services? Bat we declared dint they
not he allowed to enter wittil• these walls, loveadt r
theinvelics beneficial by their mlents and wisdom to their
cuuutry. Aunntalles and Inconsistencies were tallied or,
White thew glaring absurdities and snomalies stared his in the
fire. Our ancestors coosldered that there was nu ins-spins.
bl objection to making such alteration,' in the Cousillotion
regiirdisg the Catholics as circonsstnnee, might require. tot
them consider what aright be the situation as the present oro
of a young Catholic Pesr—let them sum pm, hint to harvest".
treed Owe it any ; to have distinguished himself, and arrived
by biogillantey at she highest rook therein—bast be found
brinself checked when he looked to the sasembly where him
ancestors had figured—was lag or VIII/ he out a more daa.
givers Fran in Pat liatnent or out of it lie dad ass that more
danger innate be apprebtodedfroai such an indivilliialeseuh.l
the Legislature this admitted to it. The Hon. 31rni1....
then expatiated. on the advantages which would emit time
ilispatsilat to the Irish-Nubility, possemiag aa they did, so
extensive an influence among their tenantry,the same in.
torestla prcaervin the public mare and tranquillity. soil in
insintainnieg iovimhille the prsociples of the einirtontion,
which was felt by their Protestant I/relive*. • It Old cu.
Mindy appear .to him that the weight of argument was
strougly iu favour of the Bill of his Right lion. feria.
The cause of the Catholics oil 'hastily advancing is pubic
opinion and favour—.
" Mobilitate viget, viresque aequirit eontlo."
The question mast he ultimately lucre. s.l, and beeltreltril
Gentlemen who had out yet made up 'bah' minds on OH
sra esti.", to culialder seriously whether this was Sol an Oce4-
stun on which the extension of privilege to the Catholics
would not only be sate, but advisable and adrautagentia.

Mr. WM. .VEEL regoestesl to be allowed to sty • Aar
words to explitio his reasons for opposing the Bill of the
Hight Hon. Gentlemen. If Hun. Geotlems n would bnt em -
eider what would be the consequence of passing this hi
into a law, be was confident there would not bestir!. sac,
hers retire; for it.—(Hear, hear.)—lf its effect use merely ro
adroit sik or eight Catholic Peers, Noblenma of the Swale...
uspect%latlity, into the House of Peers, he, for himself, rem
f, sued, should Out see soy rest danger in the mason--
Ind if this measure were tiecessardy to be followed by the 1”-
troduction of Catholics into the House of CUID11)0115, he .1,01
not perceive on what grounds the profissor. of soy other creed
should be excluded from that House—(iirar, hear),-stud if
go, what security had die L'arliament then that she Pretest-
inns religion should ruutinne to be the established °se.—
(liter, hear, bear.)—lt had been mid that they might to
carry the Bill, because a majority of the people of ird.a.l
were anxious for its success. Did he admit the far:.
br ellswildstesers that it ought feel to influence Hie sli claim' et
the Ilonee, beeense lie was porssided that, could the opi•
ohms of she people of England, Scotland, nod !relied to
tbey would he found to be opposed to it by a rot/
majority. He was i•erprited hew any owe who consideml
✓ecut dies to be it. cessa.y,could vote tar this Bid—sod beer:
th,reforeastemished to find the night Hoe. Member fes c:1-
I:u,sersity of Dsololo, support 14. If I his were the seisms 4ir
throwimg open the doors of the House of Peres 10 COMIIk.,
Why Mat those of the House of Commons also ? Aid it's,
why ilid he'not bring iii his general pmposition ! after
few further remarks he concluded by expressing Ms 'llbee
that fionotirlble Members would come manfelly Reign,
slot express the sail intents of their constituents by liirowich
out the Dill.

Mr, WYNN said that he had !lewd as Hon. Gentleman
(sCtsuntrialiluei9
g,'Fthlatt'f): who (.Pr "
would
d cott u
esliteT' thea"elawi'mbsuoiritbir':
Catholics 1131/11i be couced:d. lie thought that that avo.;,;
ought to hive a great effect iu reeouciliog the Protestant
ensikl of krelaod to such a reinilt, This was the great coo•
matisqinition oo which the ate mudcomplete iranquilloy
of 'relied was to depend. Aim this every measure of
concbtatiou would lose half its weight.—(llear )—Ccrtan,
Geutlemen would nut support this motion, oat tliegrouadthrt
they would nut make • disiinctinu betwreo the Cobol e
Peer• and the rest of that burly; hut he saw no reasou sui.
though desirous of carryiug the full measure, he should int
flakier fur the success of any particul branch of it. Thee
was nothieg in reason or justice to lead to such a couch,
pion. Befertnee had been made' ti (hr Bill of IM7. l':
bad been among those who rata iialusl it, slim the claws
bail been left out, cortferring uo Catholics eligibility In in,
House of Commons; but he had since al.ays regrcitc.i
part. The liouourahle Member who bad just sat des.
thought there was no great doom is admitting rx
right Catholic Member. iuto the House of Peers, te::
apprehended great danger in subsequently introducol.
which he believed would be • eunacquente of the st:lss•
Catholics into the House of Commons. But, good God
if danger afterwards came, thes was the tune to male a
stand against it.—(Hear, hear.)—Best because the Per.
Gentleman frit there were objections to the other *Cr'ay...
he voted against this. Ile had farther asked, bow, if (.ttn..•
lies were nut to be ezelodettlroso 'this House, could per. us
of any other sect be earlotled? Why, persons of anyarlirr
sect were not etcledrel—(Cheers)—aunt before that arge•
merit could possess any force, it would be wenn?, to brie(
in • Bdl to incapacitate such sects from sitting there. flet
theft°, Member for Oxfoi d (Mr. Wetherell) cud e
after otlntlittag right or tew Coimbra boo Hos I
Peers, the rtext step would be to repeal the Act 10
hibited the Kieg from marrying a Catholic. 'Mr Is
however, were completely differeut. The attbolle
would come Into the- Bosse of Peers to be elate
three or four linndred otheis, Prottetvnts; lbe
necessarily be over-ruled by a gre t inajorny in Psi
But in the ease attic E;ne, their wits smooch count
force—he stood alone. that it was also said, how
answer that, though the number be Wow bat
Beres, it may not afterwards be enlarged to
teat. It seemed to him that it might es well
there should be some qualification of property to
phases:or eligible to a feat in the House of Peers,
after should the King be desirous of carrying •
meanie through that Muse, he would have it iti
to create a whole regiment of foot guards Parra ;
them into the House of Lords. It was also asked,
yostrieearities? an art) nil& as well be repliedit
petal Bill, acessetspenird as it was with securities, beet
thought the latter uerosary to make the measure pals
the public mind; but he had looked upon themes whol
cessary, and had been sorry to see the Bill loaded
The Catholic Peers resniued their seats in the out
for • long period sobsequeot to the Reformatioi
any mac could state any danger, any inconvenient
molted therefrom, then be (Mr. Wynn) would id
011;epowir reiabdymainissatoy,ntrheyt
miiheirede Col2Catthitt,iiticrllplieersoll.
wihtesaeries.,
would act es s separate body nwiterl together for a s
object distinct front the rostra! inter( its of their coati
but the best answer to that was, that they were poi(
proscribed class—a distinct holy—but sow mixed'
ttttsut falsities, and connected 'nth them by hi

r

tore.
LI nod Il;,t
Htro,e ,f
dud, pr..
two curl,
the Pen.
rolird lo
•t tr.tin .•
oter..tr •
w Cull ,• •
it 11l '
sop I,
II b. .•
render t••
fur hr.
portico,
Int ism
; and Lr
witre
lettere r
the 100
hecon.re "
.nllllol4' •••
holly sow
with IhtO
titer Ouse
ion, Imo
ner, who
allow thtl
.mud R
e•adwtmri
a coal"
wore"'
Dolour' a
witAT "
bluu4, "'I

they would lake their part la the teglid islet Body just l
as any
other Preys• as little iWillested Moir politca seat-
derOioes by religien, a, the !Members of this Hoag
do▪
oming from the Established Church see. The Hon.
Member for Oxford had affirmed thit it would create a
to send Peers into the House of Law&
(s7O-c;,7o:nr„cjiiirg She oath of supremacy; but that WO not
m,n, paeans objected to admitting Catholics to
„pee, while they sew no danger in admitting them info the
leC olitare ; others wool nal exclude them from ofli'e,
b. leateda against istroducing them into the Leval'.
,i He could foreoe no wanderer inconveniency from
tither. Be wee ready In vote foe: any Bill which +mild re.
• from tam any doetbility ;he would salmon a 8.11 for
reuderiug them flied, as Magistrate,' ur Sheriffs, fur giving
them any privilege, however slight, simply as au act of
jaitice.—(Clesva)
Mr. R. MARTIN observed that one Hon. Memher had
snot forward es Dee of the Homan, and had insinuated that
the Eight Hint. Gentleman who bad originated the motion
bad iou t ea merely for the opportnaity of melting a speech
b▪ !rove Right Hon. Gentleman hail risked the coaled of
him ,Ilr We nn) or of soy who bare how to estimate the
effect. 4:1 ht. elesiumice on the Haar, he would .reply in
him, " 1 iltriOhOCC gigantic Powers Of SlOClntine Mill
ittroeigb the Heine triompht," soil he thoeght
tai this nirhi 'void shear the troth of the prediction. It
WS not for him to movier for the Right Hun. Gentleuran,
the Member for the lilmeersite of Dublin (Mr. Plain-it), why
he bad given up twinging on she general question,—
Bat he, or any body actriuti d with the ape, t o 1 affairs is
the part of the empire with which lie was connected, mould
whout real iliffieutty ili.cover au snorter. At the time
when the Right Hon. Gentleman hail been reepostril to beteg
it renamed, a great srnsation prevailed in pins of Ireland,
which induced aneey-to think that the consideration of the
questioa night to be postennet ; and though this difficulty
mai only a hypothetieil di tomb y, yet it Wen °neaten's( which
he might nut to struggle. On the other hand, shire 11,1011
*fondant reforms to he disowned why the smaller Of ••
acre should be aabusit led to the Hate. He should quote*.
midwife which he thought wauld have some weight with
the Wearable mud Leas-lied Gentleman, he meant Sir W.,
Bisekstese. Sir W. Blackstone, in his lecturea, isveighed
irs much as man could against the penal code.---" Ifs time
'kohl ever arrive whet all fears of a Preieoder shall bre,
oaidied, and the power and iefmence of the Pope
hi.
femme feeble, ridiculous, sod despicable, it prolaminy
void not then be amiss to renew sad soften these rigorous
rdiets.'-oAnil if Sir W. Blarkutowe sat in this House amyl
seen there is no Pretroder,. and when the tenets of the
Catholics are so much changed (for they had renounced
the Pupal power of deposing Princes—this end other sib-
oaiens doctrines bed keep Siemelly disclaimed by all the
Universities in Spain, and that of De Lorain ; and the pre-
sent Pure had sheen the liberality of his opinions in sand-
ing to the desired securities)—Sir W. Blackstone, he re.
pealed, weeld note in favour of This motion. He (Mr.
Merlin) utterly disclaimed all acetifies. When they gave
the Catholics prieilegis they took Viand fur their allegiance
sad loyalty,. ad made assurance double sure. The Wow.
Member eat dons declaring he should give his hearty assent
to the motion.
Mr. PEEL *aa sere the Nouse would agree with him,
that after the •foll measure of indulgence which he had ex-
perieuced the lu
st time lie had addressed them, particularly
when Inhariiii 'snare the disadvantage of following his
Right Hon. Fitted, that it would ill become him to trespass
tea their 'Melanins at present at much length. He rose prin-
cpally for the purpose of removing some miscoostructieu
which had beau put upon his words during the last debate,
and which he bad nut then au opportunity to take away. •
But he felt himself called es previously to advert to the re-
marks of hie Howourable Friend the Member fur Galway;
sod lie must say, that if not contest enith reading one
page ef Sir William Blakstosse's Latina, his Homier- !
able Tonsil had read one chapter (he did net require
him to wad the tabote moat), be raid net have relied
so roilfidndly on his authority ; and if it were possible that
Sir W. Blacisitose were raised frost the dead, seated in that
House, aid about to vote on the present motion, he (Mr.
Peel) would lay claim to his support ; sod did be propose to
vote in favour of the motion, he would produce hum his
ova firstalurse that which would skew be contradicted
himself—that in which be raid that the Test Act and that
30th Charles U. were tuedonental laws of the Antrim.
He should now proceed to remove a misconstruction
to which his former observations had been sultjetecde
Igo had &health% that his Right Hun. Friend (Mr. Canning),
at the cud of the speech with which he introduced his mo-
no'', had *Oared that if the question shalt' be met On
general grounds he 'Mehl consider it carried. He (Mr.
Peel) bad accenting!, avoided dame so; be had end ed
to examine the question en itsahrapectiliar grounds. He
had bees, therefore, a little surprised, when it was after-
wards objected to him that he did not treat the question on
general grounds. His object west have been oniaunder-
stood be had wished to limit hinoelf to the particular
question before the House. With respect to the geueraleases-
nun, after this Hesse had coincided to eutertatu it, it was
impossible for loon to anticipate such opposition as it had
experienced in former time.; it was not pussible fur him nut
to anticipate that the Catholic question might he tarried
throagh the House of Commons. Bat nottutbstanding oven
whclatiat majecities might support it, still he should MUM
IIiSORO opinion, sod express them reapictiag it, as the
principles of the Conetitution warranted him in doing.
But he said, that Inking to the arguments in favour of
the general genuine, those for the particular measure were
pro tinder weskened. However hostile lie might be to the
surreal of the general measure, still he should have sa
interest in the arrangements bring as perfect as possible;
sail renting thus, he did deprecate the agitation of the
partial ohe. He del tent object to this because it was
a partial measure. There were some partial measures
respeetiug relief to ine Catholic,, for whites be would vole
himself. He 'raid vote fir piecing the English Cathulits
on the same lonia' as the Iriali.—(Hear, hear, hear).
—As he hail said last Session, lie was not were whe-
ther he maid eet vote for coofeuring on Catholics eerie
privilege appertainiog to the members of the bar, re-
eled*: them from the Bench; he alluded particularly to
advantages from a silk gown. Rut he objected to this Bill
tor this oleo', because being ;mond in its operation, it
was general in its principle. The Husiourable Civilian
said that the oppoutins of concession had been in the
habit of askiug fir eimething specific, and that here it
wee preseeted to them, but it was a partial one. It was
eat because the Bill would admit six or seven Peers
of high respectability into the House of Peers that he op-
posed it; that might be an artful way of potting the ques-
tion. It might be said, I will refer you to the character of
the Doke of Nurfolk, the Earl of Shrewsbury, Lord Clif-
find, ad so on ; and what is there in these men to cause
yoo apprehension? But could any man in his senses not
see that Ns KM full of sophistry ? The question wait, whe-
ther than Crowe was to be ended with the power of pleaug
an unlimited 'limber of Peers in the House of Lords, where
the Hummel Commons had no power of admitting Catholics
tato a House of Commons limited In number? He wished
to ask the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Wynn, we believe)
why he did not carry his arrionent respecting guards fur.
t her, and silly it to the House of Commons, which be
thought could routsol Catloiie Member* as well as the
House of Keit. Ile had heard no vinsfactory ream" why a
donation should he eatabli.hcd between the Hunan its this
respect. Ilia Right floe. Frueittl hail solid that he would sake
off these penalties hr.?, because they were the last imposed.
If this srguineot were cool fur any thing, the inevitable
runriulwa was, that as the restrictiou obliging the Crown
lobe Catholic had been the last imposed, se it should be the
not taken away. The Inman of Commune had beets ren.
"reed Protestant wader Elizabeth, the House of Peers under
(
6"l°' Ife the Cole.' at the Revolution. His Right
Honourable Friend, therefore, according to bid own
aigameut, shnold begin with the Crown. On the same
mond be should cashier the propriety of removiue the
Peels' a- • •
illeollity to hold office. In order to evade the
'rzionent, abut as secusities had been required from Cathie.
tic Commoneic securities should also be required from Cagle'.
Peers; tlrey were now told that they were wholly MI.
"miry ; that they were added merely to satisfy us
hisof,
.eil Protestants. When hey 0101114 come therefore
teat Stenos, supporing this Bill to pea into a law, to
conceder of the severities proper to be given by Catholics,
entering the House of Commons, they world be met by the

argument, It You hairy already thrown open one brunets of etusialettry,• laid tut kit theta thity le their eoislitnentson
the Coastitution to Cathulies Without
securities, you may (Laud and -protegee' cheecink faillawed the coeclusiou of
safely open all." The Catkins of Ireland had, in fact, Ibis speech
)
very few prieilege• 16 took toy; they possessed every ry ei-
M. veWhLMOT explained.
'lege, with the exception of ndmissibifily to • few °Gees
starched In the Act of 1793. But in arguing this question The Marquis of LONtlari DERRY kid, be Ind exprese-
tie was met by iscomtistencon ou every side. eat a strung opinion at the commencement of the Session upon
the fitness of Si,! present mement for bringing fooled the
Quo assess ludo, matanteen Prole* formes. geaeral emotion. From all the opportunities which had
When they came to deal the rest of the Catholics, let them P•eseoted themselves Iti him, of collecting the emeritil feel-
consider with what argument they would he mil. " Why did log and diemisition of the people of this country towards BA
you give the Crown the power to send Catholic Peers into general priociple of the removal of the disabilities or the
the House of Peer. without restriction, said why, when you Catholic subjects of the kingdom, he Wag firmly persuaded
come to deal with the people, will it not be invidious (to use that the politic mind was beginning to look at the coestiou
the mildest term) to &Maud securities from these I— i With less of alarm than formerly, and with a strong tendency
When the former measure was under disreesioe, we gave i tat reconcile itself to the final selectee of the measure. 00
you fair notice that these were sauce ..... y." Mr. peel thee i that meceunt be bad felt unwilling that the suhject should be
cited the declaration of (as we understood) Mr, Plus. I unnecesaaiile agitated, and thought that it might be moved
krtt, that he would Wiest da Whatever eremitic, he with a greater probability or success if brought flatware' only
thought just and reasonable. The Honourable Member et intervals, anal taut pressed time after time, a. a yearly mo.
for Newcastle (Mr. Wilmot) had said that be would be a lion. But, with that opinion upon the general question, hue
creditor fur securities. He (Mr. Peel) yield till him, that Hight Honourable friend haviug brought forward this partial
then he would never be paid one shilliog io the penind,—(4 measure, viewing it upon the particular grounds on which
lough.)—Thin Bill was not merely ii Bill fur removing the I he hod placed it, he was disposed to give it his support.
disabilities of Catholic Peers—bin it did something more, Much of the resistence to the general question tuns, Gem
to which it was of great consegeelica to attend—it helot a the alarm which was felt by msuy or those who oppored it,
roitat out of which he thought the must scrions diffienity Pis to it. effect on the general fabric of the Cons 'Union of
would arise to his Right Hon. Friend. The Bill was in ef. the country, from throwing open the popular representation
feet a Bill to exempt Peers from taking the oath of Si. to Remelt Catholics. That danger not arising iu the present
premacy. Now in setting himself against this, he had a caoe, viialicated bet Right Honourable Friend in proposing
whole host of mithorities in his favour—o( Pat, Ponsunhe, this partial measure, at an interval when the general ques•
Grattau, stud many other distiognishod name/ from the lion was at rest. He collie understand wby his Right
opposite side of the House. in the farmer ineesure • Honourable Friend near him (Mr. Peel) upposea this
of relief, the oath of supremacy had been reserved, aid measure, from the fear of conceding the 'reveal principie.
in that of last Sessiusi another was provided to be taken by He (the Marquis of leindoad,Try) yeas sue of
,tbose who
Catholic Peers; so rumoured of these oaths were they, that felt the neremoity of securities._ He felt so, because he
one was thought jesueteleot, Hat this measure relieved the caollrl not understand on what principle the Roman Cs-
Catholic tom the oath of supremacy, established ever shier Biotic Chord; could refuse to *concede to the Government
the time of Queen Elizabeth ; sod whet, the rielmies •f of this casuistry !list seem By against my internal imerference
• Cithultes trona the thYese was proposed at the Revolastios, it • la the political concerns of the country, which at gave to. the
.was effected by the iueseporation into the It'll of Bights' Governments of ether States. He had always, however, takes
,of the declaration against tranoubsimitiatiun, in the 30th a more limited stew then others of the nature of abe security
'Charles 11. sad the Bill of Riehta was looked upon as revery], aural Ilia nut think it necessary to extend it to the
see craw most solemn, fundamental 14,ra lon the statute exclusion of the Catholic Peers. He thought there was no is.
bank. The Right lion. Gentletnais then uoticel a *imam re- consistency in resettleg this initial measure without metric-
easetment by the Irish Parliament, in the h I William 111, tines, sale keeping it Imes for (enure regulatiou as to the leech
sad cited the words of the Bill of Rights, that its penvisioos (Ares of Siete. He firmly believed, if the whole measure of
"should stead, remain, and be the law of the lanai for ever." cencession were givrn to-morrow, the power of appointing to
'There was lo the Bill of Rights an express provision, that Ay' offiees stilt remaining in the Crown, the number of Catholics
`those who wer• befere bound to take the oath of allegistice, that would limier any eircomstanets Mel their way into the
onmely, the two Houses of Lewes and Comnvens, theneth" Haug of Commons would not be such as to threaten the
of supremacy should thereafter he taken. Here, therefiire, smallest degree of danger to the Constitution from the fug-
was an express provision in the Bill of kitties for the exelm mentalities of their political power. The "Mentor their
'ion of Cathoecs equally from both Howie* of Parliament ; power inehe House of Peers was already known. Whatever
and he would ask, therefore, whether they could ou any ,night he the effect of the lapse ef time, whatever the justice
ground exempt the Peers (tom that obligatioie soil still of the original Art of exclusion, if be collet eutertain soy
leave it binding on the Common:. The principle of that doubt of the safety of the Constitution in Church and State,
provision is the Bill of Rights being to aisle:Wow the oath being there taut to deride oa the jastire of the original case,
of supremacy linked of the oath of allegiance, it was foe bait to uphold the Constitution, he should have no hesitation
the House or C9lllllllllOBll to consider whether they could eon- in oppoeing thenaution fur its repeal.
seat is a measure to exempt the Peers from whet was so sub- Mr. CANNING said, that if he bad uttered any thing on
titillated, and to renters themselves still bound by it. The the former debate iu his reply to the speech of his Right
preamble of this Bill set footle as one of the greyed, of its Hon. Friend, the Secretary for the Home Department—if
enactment-4 Whereas, the said oath Bud eeclaration so he could have let slip may expression which carried to his
first imposed upon the Peers by the said Act of mind the impression that he bad met the question unfairly,
the 301 b of King Chula' fl. wets imposed fur causes, lie must have greatly mistaken him; for it was impossible,
and under circumstances which no longer esist."— in his conception, for the question either in its wider range,
He lead, the other night, intended to inert the •rgurneut 'that or in that more particular view in which he had brought this
was founded oil the supposition that Titus Oates's plot was question itself under consideration, to be more fairly met.
a fabrication, and that the falsehood of that plot having now If be had said that is his argument he bad not met the jus-
been discovered, the disabilities which it was the object of tier anal expediency of the case, he did assure him that he
this Bull to repeal, having been founded on the supposition intended it only of the justice anal expediency of this parti-
ed' its truth, ought no Wager to he centiourie by attempting euler caae, and meant that he had not met that part of his
to show that they were not enacted on that ground shine, (Mr. C 'a) argument which was founded on the particular
- but that there were other itOUCUrneg causes, arising out of case of those whose claims be was now advocating. In the
- circumstances previously existing, which led to the belief latter part of the speech which he made on the former evem
'of that plot, and which la themselves would here twee sulli• Jag, he bed accurately developed those views of policy on
cheat to warrant the eXeltlii.,ll of the Catholics from kW which befell himselfjustified iu bringineforward this measure.
• Houses of Parliament. Tlie 'raiment, they fare, as to the To go su further back than the period in which the Haute
jnstiee of the exclusion, mimed itself to this consideration, of Commons, fur the first time, had fi It itself justified in ace
whether those causes were a sullieimit ground for such a ceding to the question in favour of the Catholics, he meant
measure. The Right Honourable Member for Dukes, in in the year 1812, when be himself had the honour to bring
introdneiag his Bath of fast Session, admitted mat distinctly forward • motion in which the whole question was brought
the existence Oa plot for the overthrow of the l'rctestant join view, where the terms were made as wide as possible,
eetablistimest, sad that the Catholics were concerned in it, and the debate was as full as had ever been 'mown, what was
and he allowed that to have been a satecient reasos for the fate of that measure in the Lords? it was thrown out as
the exclusive at the time of its emicieneut. But not according with the views of that House. In the fllC-
it was argued, that no arch plot now existed, nor were reeding year, 1813, in redemption of the pledge given is the
any of those circumstances which led to it is the former precedieg Session, a 13el was brought in, which passed the
Instance to be found in our times, and therefore the metric- second reading, and was dropped in the Committee on the
Bonn which were founded en them eloreld no longer be eon- teener of the clause for the admission of Catholics Into Par.
tinned. He was afraid, that if it was to be maid that because filament. He-was himself a party to that decision—he meant
the causes which led to any coartments hail ceased to exist, of the throwing up, of be lead Mote repented. Ile
therefore the enactments themselves ought also to cease, we was 'elided now that it was a decision sot of spirit, bat
should be reduced to the necessity of parting with the most of temper, sue be look to himself lits full share of blame
valuable securities of the Coastilution. Our Constitution was for the part he took therein. They were then offered all
never formed a priori; it was never planned by any number of kinds of initial concessions, if they would give up that
persons, met together in any manner ssa piospeetiveprovistisa chew; but, as it had since luruid out, they unwisely
for future contingencies; but it was on pest experience of the and improvidently, as, fur his own part, he was ready to
danger aud inconvenienecarisingout of certain eireunistaures, confess, refused; and an interval of niue yeses afterwards
1 and on the conviction of the necessity of guarding against elapsed, iii which little progress was made in the cause. In
their recurrence, all the twenrities by which it was protected the last Session • measure was introduced by his Right Hon.
were founded. He would ask, whether it was neceortry fair Friend, now Attorney-General of Ireland, which paused the
us now to legatee into the causes which led to the Referees- House; • measure temperate and wise in Bs provisions,
Bon—to maim into the causes why Henry VIII. after which blended concession with Ir...eerily ; but what was the
having at use period If/Piril an epietleto the Pope, *deems consequence? when it reached the ROM! of Lords It was
Mar/Mesa Lutherans, at a subsequent to nod quarrelled 'rejected. They were then reduced to reflect whether
with the Pope, and separated from the Church of Rork ? the course they had hitherto taken was the best for
and were we to say, that because the causes were unsound securing ultimate success. The opponents of the men.
we should therefore alter what grew out of them? If that sure, in now urging him to bring forward the general
principle were tube tie flinty], how should we stand upon the , were duly Labouring in their vocation, by eoun-
excluoimi of Roane Catholics from thesucceesion to the throne? selling perseverance in that course which experience told them
Did the same circumstances now axial which prevailed at had always failed. In looking round, therefore, fur • men.
the period when that easement was determined on? Was sure must likely to effect his ultimate purpose, leek-
it founded a priori on what might happen, and not upou ing at the pre:l...dingo of the last ten years, he bad
experience of past difficulties ? What was the language of every reason to think that partial legislation was the best
the Resolution on that bead, on which the clause in the for the purpose of securing the ulterior object. The
Bill of Rights was founded ? " Whereas it bath been found concession of all the partial claims on • former ntell-
by experience to be incomistent with this Pruiestaut king. sion—the arguments of his Right Hon. Friend (Mr. Peel)
' 'dam to be governed by • Popish Prime." Pant was the at present—the reception which the general measure bad
language of the preamble to the Act by which the Catholic constantly met with in another place; all confirmed him to
Peers were exclsieled ? " Wheresa, &ogees base arisen from that opinion. Emir, irk* too supported the conviction;
Catholics sitting in either House of Parliament."— for, if he deceived not himself, one portion of the measure
The principle of the two enactments wig then the bed already succeeded • and where did that originate? In the
same ; and the el-gement, or the erasing of the causes House of Lords.—(eberre)—The exclusion of Catholics 1
which gave rise to them, won !d hold good serially I from the army and navy, which by the friends of evasucipo.
its the one ease as in the other. We had no longer a King i lion was ewer 'leveed as one of the greatest of their grieve
taking the sacrament in the Protestant church one day, nod mere, sold lay its opposers was streemally defended as '
in the Catholic church the next ; axe had no longer a Ca- the citadel of the Constitution, wee removed —(Cheers.)--
(belie heir to the throne ; and would it therefore be con- He remembered the point most Moored by Mr. Fox, and on •
tended that the clause by which a Catholic was excluded which he made the strungeet imiression, was the situation
from the succession to the throne, should be repealed? It of the Catholic subaltern excluded from promotion. Was
was therefore under these circumstances that, postponing the i the removal of that exclusion no moor that partial legisla-
consideration of the general question, and seeing no valid Ilion in the House of Lords. inure particularly where that
arguments urged to favour of this partial measure, he felt measure originated, was more to their taste than • general
himself bound to resist it. lie thought also that the car- measure, and therefore more likely to succeed? Wks,
eying of thus question would prejndice the carrying cf therefore, fur reasons in which he had no part, hut which had
the question of securities. Ile thunzla there would be more been deemed sufficient, it was determined to postpone the
difficulty in exactiog !reconfirm if this measure should he general gestation, he 'bought that a fair opportunity for
now carried, than if this measure were reserved fur the I trying Bats partial meaner, in older to eacertaiu the
I general measure. He deem-sit hir hostility even In the I SperlCl of opposition which the general priociple was
general question to he mill unabated, and that whenever the likely to meet to the Ileum of lords. It was difficult to
time came for its discussion lie should still contend agaiiist speak of things that passed in another place ; but, if looking
' it ; and he trusted to be acquitted of nny disposition to do i fur the measure on which he should anticipate the least objece
so from a mere spirit of opposition, and to obtain credit for lion there, he should say it was ibis. The greeted, of op.
be* actuated solely by a zealous anxiety ill uphold the I position to the general men ore in that place, had mostly
Constitutios as it now existed. As he was a firm fiend to I alloys out of the variety of eiresteastakes which it embraced;
the prerogative of the monarchy, so was he also to the I aume individual Peers objecting to one part, and others to
privileges of the aristocracy, end not less zealous to uphold another, hut each admitting the possibility of agreeing to
the just rights of the ilemocrary. He implored the House any thing bait the precise point te which their objectiou was
them to consider whether it would be either wise, or I addresses. Among all, however, who objected to the measme,
politic, or just, to exempt the Catholic Peers from ohligatioes there wan teem wheelie not ridicule the idea of eremitic; and
which were still to coutinue in (nice against the rest of his declare that if dispeeed to make concession it would be with-
Majesty's Roman Catholic subjects. At the earliest pond. i out any provision of that nature. The part or the measure
ble periled of next Session, it wee the intention of his Right . which he had mewed was that which, in his opinion,
Honourable Friend, the Member for the University of Dub-' ought to succeed, end which was the only one that could
lin (Mr. Plunkett), to bring the whole question bet rat with more propriety miginate in that House than in
them fur coasideratioa, on the broad and general principle: , the other, sluice it more immediately concerned the other.
If, however, this wastee were in the mean time agreed to,' Besides which, It was the point thgl iraSi of all affected
if they once 'Omitted that there was no cause for contie i the general question. The Catholic Peers had sat in
Doing the exclusion of Catholic Peers from the House of ; Parliament fur a century after they were excluded from
Lords, it would be difficult to maintain that any cause re. , the Honer of
andfCommct ta Commons. jblioeod, andirexc he causelusilonh which
that enhiect
meined to exclude Catholics any hunger from that Honor. Ail I
forted by d
thatcould be lost by postponing the present measure was led to it no longer exited. Nu objection could be urged
the delay of a few months, by whirl] he conceived that Rome , to it on the ground of its leading to the general meammat
advantage would be gained to the advocates of the general i there was emitting in it which would force them int* eh*
measure. He implored the House not to forsake der own ' general question; there was Roth* to prevent that from

~+l~

tesillg just Where It bleeds. They coed Mead the ;MAI(
if the present aresiture as an let of justice-is. reaffiestims
Of tight,4ollo7 infriltall; 'and call omits Vise who i
wouldaib it I. di ddlthelent for the Nettie filliasseer
to nib M blest title the exelumou irdirs the ) m-
Mona task plmieesit whit unjust .pretences it Wits
'Gadded—by what falsehood and fabrication it was eibettet
His Rigliit Honourable Friend talked or asorisalies widish
this measure would create. Rut see there nothing of ann.
roily in this, (list thiessie a Catholic Nahleasan might by
meritorious service arise at the distinction of being ;Oared
at the bend of* victorious army ; that he might, by she • re-
peal of the Act of Charles, go into the prowie• or the Kisg,
that be might advise him, ansl tarn the lidlueuce whirl, his
high office gave him to she most pereiciurs uses, wits e the
Peer himself was deprived of his right to sit silt vote in that ,
House to which he belonged, and to exercise the power
which was given to his order fur the purpose of Isumblitte the
pride and coutrulling the ambition of too powerful subjects.
That was an anomaly already existing. and whirls bad hero
created by • partial me aaaaa originating-in the House of Lords.
His Right Hum Friend had sod that it by noisier:us followed
from the badness of • cause that the enactment to which it
gave rise might out loved, or that upon the ceasisß of the
cause the euactmem itself should cease; and in support of his
position lied argued from the Re formatiou and the Revolution.
it war, nu doubt, time that the causes which first gave rise
to them had erainl to exist; but other tames bad sobie-
fluently swung up to make both the one and the other equally
nevem, y, mut their 'dimmers equally desirable new as at die
Rest. And he (Mr. C.) bad • right se eats on his Right
Hon. Friend to show the combination of some danger to
the Cunstitution from the admiesioa of-Catholics to power;
dsager, not precisely of the same nature, nor proceeding
from the same canoes as that on which their exclusion was'
fumbled ; but still danger existing of same kind or other to
justify its condemner: He alhl not call on hint to
skew a Cmholie sureession to the throne; he did not
want him to she. a King takiag the Saerameet of one Church
one day end of the other the next; he did not ask lsim
poise to a Catholic Pretender to the Crown, residing in • fo-
reign country, intriguing with Catholics in this, and stirring
up foreign Powers to Mil him in a descent open our shores;
he did sot seek to bend to these dangers, or say ones( these;
bet he did ask, and surely that was sot tel much, that be
would thew some little danger—(Lsughter)—of some kind
or other, from some little corner of history-4u adduce
same little scantling of dauger—(Laughter)—and if he
conid skew any thing of the kind, he (Mr. Csaning).
would instantly withdraw this measure.—(Lood eheets.)—
With respect to the question of securities, he rendered the
same opinions he had formerly held ; and ii was not fair to
say that because he had not annexed securities to this mea-
sure, he had given them up, any more than it would be to
say, that the Lords had given them up because they had
not annexed them to the Army sod Navy Bill. Neither
was he bound to answer the question why the same securi-
ties were ant given here as in other eirmitrier of Europe.
He had, however, a right to ask if nothing had happeued is
Europe worthy of our imitation concreted with this sub.
ject ? At the Congress of Vienna a clause was agreed to,
declaring, that the 'Addeo@ °pinkies of any German should
in no way interfere with the exercise of his political rights.
(Cheers.)—He had been told that his was • little Rill, which
dealt with the subject with almost irreverent dimensions
But two lines of au Act of Congress had annihilated at once
all exclusions on aecuust of religion, in a country where re-
ligious quarrels had been prosecuted with more raucour than
is any part of the world. Two years afterwards the Crown of
England (for the Ciowa of Hanover was united with that of
England) had given its sanction to a measure whirls relieved
from religious restrictions a territory of 50,000,000 of inhabi-
tants. Six years before he was assured of the fact, that Do
strongly was religious intolerance kept up in Austtia, that a
menial huldiag a situation is the skittles of the Emperor was
discharged beeanee Ise was found out to be a Protestant, and
now, he was lammed that the President of the Legislature
of Hanover was a Catholic.—(Cheers.)—While these
provements were taking place iu Europe, should this
country still pe • •ri the system of odious exclusions;
Amnia Mir country. whose soil could not be trod ea by %be
slave, for the moment he touched her shores he was free.
should she still enthral with religious bandage the eon.
seiences of her citizens? Should there never be as rad of
dwelling upon negations; of swearing to the belief, rot
of what they • believed, but what they dishelieved
of looking upon ;intrados as privilege, asd feeling proud
of distinctions which made us worse than the rest of
mankind ? The Right Honourable Gentleman then re-
fernier to the three periods of oar history, from the Re-
formation to the reign of Charles 1., from thence to the Re-
volution, and from the last-mentioned epoch to the Gist
modification of the laws against the Catholics in she late
reign, pointed out the distinct species of danger that might
have been apprehended at each specific period, sad said it
ramified yet to be seen whether there was in these days any
danger similar or hllitilfollll to those which called fur the
con dustman affixes restrictive lows, or for securities on the
same priuriple as those which webs formerly eteeessary.
He said ear ascestors were not quoted but misquoted,
when it was said that the Act of Charles 11. was pass.
ed in times like these; and yet those did say so, who said
that Act might to be continued in these limes.—(Cheers.)—
They misquoted the letter of the Prince of Otatige, who
applied it to the state our laws ens this subject of exclusions.
1r his Hoe. and Leveed Friend (Mr. Wetherell; would lend
bias the manuscript from which he had read that letter, be
would not reed Isis manuscript notes—(A laugh)—but he
would ahrw him that he had omitted a plhterial word in the
reading which he had forgotten to omit in the copying.—
(Loud laughter.)—The Right Hon. Gentleman, then read
from the letter the passage relating to "wieder, fsum
public employments, ecclesiastical, civil, or teLlitary."
which last word the Lemont Gentleman had omitted. If
hie Honourable and Learned Friend could consent to live un-
der a state of law in which the *hole of the military
offices might be filled with Catholics, as ours might
at present since the passing of the Army sod Navy Act,
he should be glad to know on what principle be could object
to a measure, which would only restore to half • dovu
Catholics to those seats in the House of Peers, of which
their ancestors had been deprived 011 pretences now known to
be false, mid nit grounds that •ere admitted nolanger to ens!.
He did not think that much importarsee eauld be attached to
the argument which had been brought forward founded on
the Revolution. It world be a most unjust reflection OR
King Witham and his atavisms, to accuse them of intolerance
for not repealing three atatuter, width tbey founds part of
that Costatitulion whisk they had swore to satinet's. But,
good God: was there no difference bet wren the hour of eon.
test and that more happy hoer whew the conflict bad
ceased—betweea the moment when OUT lechers are agi-
tated and all oar temente at bastard, and the enlist
when our passions had subsided, and reason resented
her seat. The time was now tour by when the
Protestaat sad Catholic struggled oats with the other who
should wed the State, and make her exclusively bin owa;
the hour of combat was past. The Cittholies now no longer'
seed with the Protestants fur power or pre-earieenee. They
now held the language of amity and frienstaltip. a Yoe..have
heel the conquerors, we now yield you willing submission.
Yuu are the conquerori, sod we call on you for protection—
Vinod, et vinous tendere phases
Ansonii videre: tea eat Lavinia conjux.
Ulterius ne tende odds.
We no longer pretend to he your rivals, we are willing to
continue under your rein".-all we require is that you will
deal out to us an equal sesame of pistice.'•—(Cheers.)—
Bat his Right Hon. Frieud (Me. Peel), and these who
agreed wish him, argued this question in the spirit of con-
quest, and as if their only effort should be, lisviett subdued
the Catholics, bow they should keep them down. The fear
of danger was only imaginary. The B • h Constitution
and the Protestant religion were inseparably attired; they
were settled on a basis so staple and secureohat eireti.lf the
disposition existed, all the powers or Cedlooliciww could not
rent them aside!.—(Hear, bear.)—And surely they might
new allow these illustrious personages, after a century of
peace, and loyalty,
.and quiet, to he restored to their proper
funk sod dignity, sad enjoy Iridium jealensy, as they might
without danger, all the privileges Which the Vonstiletioa
eiraferved epee theme who hail slung to it more Scmle.
j mid which they could afford to ilispeosmitothom who Mil
,mt,eorne so closely within its misbniee.:—(llear, here)
all these grounds be consldert4 theettetelitlitliipillt*
klitd, sod celled for. It was called ter Irt AsetkebViiied bud.
Is ti

ile.l by the yoke of resteoa..4Lobil ebeete)—Arno barrow
these lOW he ittEbt 11••.‘etettebtobb Yee itopmeteropeve •f
krantiug thin conewsle• lo • imago,' tko most •netreromn.
Ible. For erboittiog, for the Gabe of aryormtht, th.r the
irrltiriik were dwarbtriti, 'the ehettipl• way be co..rettr:i
ottbovit the vonibibty to( Berger.—(Heir, ite4r4—
. . . .

'We must cosseler that it is -wet ths *Awe sifewarilltrae ho
found its hope of prosperity on extraordimary virtues, bet eel
the ordinary gOod qualities which arc to be found in Ihe dm-
tarter of man. Rut it tit undoubtedly an udilitio.rd ele-
ment is Neese tif this sitothre, that 'yowl,. railed er.de to
relitUre their deputies ...persons of the most illtistrireitema-
lions, upon whose strrution to the Stale the oust 'dis-
tant doubt .bat never been east. Upoiirpaliites like
these toe miry frond their reliance. They have loon
long excluded TIOI2I. ftleir uatursl stations, sofFer•n t• het
merely on their own aceonet, but viihnet woe
slieering hope of aidenating the infant barest of thew aqua •
with that noble sprit of ambitiosi which is (be gm& and
-Wiest of Englishmen. Put you must not 'sue( that iota
virtue will long survive these frequent disappoiot:se-ore.
You 00000 suppose, that while the youthful boodo,ris.pii--..
spired with one ray of hose. that generative will fel 11. X. ..1 -
ration without del:eller:l%m rin feeling. I call ep in two io
restore an individual right so clear and manifest, than ho
jury in the land could hesitate to coolers. I eel wpm lino
ie make the best showmen' you are able for as age of so-
;Plotter- Yule are celled epee to confirm hy pier role the
sacred peiorielea of civil liberty. My 'Weld lion. Fiend
has said, that if this Bull were passed tra.morrow, ell the
advantage the Peers would derive would be in at Ja tbe.
Hamm of lords a soue•r•ble four mouths before the police
of eligibility wag given to their Catholic brethren. 11 say,
if it were only a miserable four 'Moot's, It would be ealauble,
fdr you resider homage to justice, and preform an eel of
policy and humanity. At pewee you setintaio a ilat, m of.
the must eironeous policy, without any just ifirition. Cyr
when these exclusive statutes were neressarc, they wile
harsk—now that the necessity has ceased, they are irkecros.
llyrefeeiwg this motion you will give a saurtion to limos, eery
principles of arbitrary power which, whet) you d:rcp rlifiod
them, you affected to proscribe—(Loud and cootoined
cheering.)
The gallery was then cleared for a division. Tire numbers
were—

For the second reading
Against it .....
