PARLIAMENTARY LVTELLIGENCE.

PRICES OF lIRITISIi 5'
Bank Steck 2421
3 per Cent Reduced.9si j
3 per Cent. Curt, 06iki
OW 3 per Cent. lth2t
New 3i re Ccnt. 101 i 103
4 Pei tent. lavi
long Annultie. 22 15-16 33
Intperkl 3 per Cent..
Bank far Act. 342 f
ens. far Act. WI 1
Inds Week

rielvEs OF FOREIUN
Austrian Scrip la pen
Ditto for Acct. 171 1 j prn
Ditto paid in full,
Do. for Acct.
c Pitn lids. 83} I
Ditt> for Acct.
tolosnb. Bds. 89 j t. 3 9
Do. Act. 999 9
Do. Scrip 31 2j 1 pm
Ditto for Acc. 2,2, pm
Danish Bonds 1011
Do. Marks Bancolno
Greek Scrip. lj dig
Ditto for Acct. l j dig
Mexican Bonds till)
Ditto Scrip IP} 491 ion r.
Do. Ate. i• 10 4 pm
Neapolitan 8415. 904
Peruvian Bonds' 794
Do. Scrip, 1 pm a j Cs
Ditto foe Acct.

' I

~j

.

ORDERS OF THE DAY.
Wool Importation and Exportation Bill--Committee.
Exchequer Court Fees Inveetment Bill—Second Reading.
Game Laws Amendment Bill—Farther Consideration of Report.
Law Expenses (Ireland) Bill—Seccaid Reading.
Law Merchant Amendment Bill—Second Reading.
Qualification of Jurors Bill—Further Consideration of Report.
County Courts Bill—Further Considgation of Report.
Newfoundland Fisheries Bill--Second Reaming.
.1 uric. ( Scotland) Bill—Further Consideration of Report.
Land Revenue Sale of Stock Bill--r'omniittre.
New Street (Mary-le-bone) Bill —Committtc.
Dublin Small Debts Bill—Second Reading.
Plymouth Victualling Office Ilill--Committee.
Fisheries BilL—Committee.
West India Company Bill Second Reading.
Beer Duties Bill—Report.
Ways and Meats--Report.
Four per Cents. Acts—Report thereupon.
Tithe Composition (Ireland) Bill—Report.
Saving Hanks Acts—Report thereupon.
Law Stamps Repeal Bill—Report.
Clergy Residence (Ireland) Bill—Further Consideration of W-
W 1
Customs (Coals and Linens) Bill—Report.
supply—l'unimittee.
D.Edends Transfer (England and Ireland) Bill—Third Reading.
Plumage Vessels Regulation Bill—Contniittec.
';lass and Sweets Bill—Third Reading.
Roman Catholic Marriages Bill--t4econd Reading.
Warehoused Wheat Bill—Second Reading.
NOTICES OF MOTIONS THIS DAV.
Mr. Moberly—Repeal of the whole of the Assessed Taxes.
Mr. Trench—To refer to a Committee of the whole Home the
Pe lion from the Town Clerk of Cambridge for Comptsisation. in
co sequence of losses from County Courts 'till.

'OCKS ON SATURDAY.
Inds Bonds. 73 pm
India for Account,
South Sea Stock.
South Sea Old Annuities
South Sea New Annuities
Bs. Bills, 1,0001.40 3.i pm
Ditto, 5000. 40 4. 38 pm
Ditio,Sinall,42 49 pm
Indorsed ditto
Lottery Tickets, 271.

ITOCIES ON SATI'II DAY.
Portugurse Bonds, E
Ditto twrip
Ditto for Act.
Piumeian Bonds
Ditto for Acct.
Ditto Bonds MEP 99
Ruse . t lids. 1171 1 71 7
Ditto for Acet. WI 4 7
Span. Cons. ill 191 181 194 19
111.1 191
Ditto for Acct. 19 1
Ditto 170 & 236 Wis. 191 4
Do. 6 per Ccnu.(lGM) 194 4
Ditto for Acct.
Anglo Alex. Alines
VT. Kates, 10.1 f. 25c.
Do. Ex. 40c. 45e.
Do. Scrip. 181 1 pm
Ditto for Acct.
Russian Inscription
Do. Exchange

Zite Stettioh Wroo.

NEW THEATRE ROYAL. DRURY-LANE.
TAW Evening. MONDAY. May 10. will he performed
KIND RICHARD THE THIRD.
IK!ng Henry. Mr. Pope; Duke of Oldster, Mr. Ketn: Duke of Burk.
Ingtmes, Mr. Penity t Earl 4 RlAmond. Mr. Archer. The Queen,
N. W. Weft: Lady Anne, Miss Smithson.
To co:triode with
ZOTIOASTFR ; or, THF. SPIRIT OF THE STAR.
'Fo-morrow, The Merry Wives of Windeor.

THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT-GARDFM
Eve%lng, MONDAY, May 10, will be performed the First Part of
KING HENRY THE FOURTH,.

Rine Henry the Weirth, Mr. Egerton: Prince or Wales. Mr. Cooper
o.4pur, Mr. %mane; tar John rabitstr Mr. C. Kernble ; Foinp. Mr.
Parlay: French. Mr. [Penchant. Le:iy Percy, Illas F. H. Kelly;
Hoste.l. Mrs. Davenport.
To conclode with
THE SPIRITS ttir TOP MOON;
Or. THE INUNDATION OF Tilt NILE.
To.nrarrow, Native Land.

THEATRE ROYAL. ENGLISH OPERA-HOUSE.
11R. MATIIEWN AT tinwz!
This Evening. MONDAY, May 10.
his ANNUAL LECTURE on PF.CULIAItiTIF.S, CHARACTER.
1•11NN ENS:
Founded on Obeervsi inns Find Adventures during his late
TItIP 4'hor4 itrgt •
Prate 111.—A llonopolylogue. called ALL WELL AT NATCHITOCIIEU.
All Use Clearactsrs of the Evening's Vote rtaintuent to be regengentoti
by Mr. NATIO:Ws.
Doors to be opened at Seven—Perfornisnve begins at Eight °flick.
Boxes to be taken of Mr. sieve:soon, at the Box °rife., strand En-
trance. from Ten till Five.
Pisces cannot possibly be kept after half-past Eight o'Clock.

Overflowing !louses i—Tbe Greatest Number of Men and Hones ever
Introduced on en Stone !! !
DAVIS'S ROYAL A3IPIIITIIRATRE.
EVERY EVENING the new Grand Military Spectacle. ealled
THE. RATTLE OF WATERLoo,
With Mr. Dart. and Monsieur Ducrow's united Stud f Honors.
Eeu: .trine .4.'1101 In the Circle. by Moreactir Thwrow. particularly his
Grand Feat of Riding on Two Unrapariconed
drat time here, a Comic Iturletta. called
THE SECRET.

The BRITISH Puss commenced publishing on Saturday morn-
ing at bait-past fire o'clock.
_ ....=

LONDON, MONDAY, MAY 10, IS2 t.

The French Papers of Thursday and Friday are almost
wholly occupied with the protracted debates, which closed
in favour of M. deYillele's projct fee the reduction of the
revytes. The number of thputics who voted it appears was
of which there wore white balls, 23n,—black balls,
111. The decision in the Chamber, from the lateness of
the hour, had no effect on the French Funds on Wedues
day, but on Thursday it was sensibly felt. The motes
opened on that morning at loaf. soc. for money, and 104 f.
sktc. for account ; and they fell, at the close of Thursday,
3f. 10e. lower. This, however, was to be expected, and
the decline was by no means serious under such circum-
stances. The debate on the Septennial Law was resumed
in the Chamber of Peers on Wednesday. The Duke de
Doueleauvilk and the Marpis D'Herbouville supported
the proposed change, and the Duke de Choiaenl and de
Roehcfoucault spoke against it.—The Ifewrial Bor-
t/ kis of the Ist of May states, that the Spanish -prisoners
of war, who formed part of the garrison of Pampe-
lona on its surrender to Lattrinton, arrived there on
the 21st. The regular soldiers, on their arrival, were
sent home, but the militia were conducted, first to the-I
citadel, and subsequently received orders to shut them-
selves up ist their novelise baton. On the evenins of
the 2tth the latter were arrested by order of the. Spanish
Authorities, and again immured in the citadel, and pro-
ceedings, it appears, were to be instituted against them, as'
not coming within the regular class of Spanish soldiers.—
A Flandtra Mail, with Papers, reached our office yester-
day. Frankfurt Papers to the 3d of May, contain letters
from Pen, stating that the Janiasaries had refused to serve
against the Crests in the coming campaign; and on the Aga
of this body offering large rewards to such of these mer-
cenaries as would volunteer against the Christians, the
appeal almost wholly failed, not thirty individuals having
offered. The Greeks have made themselves terrible to the
infidels by their intrepidity and successes for the last three
years.

Account,. were stated to have been received from Ma-
ranham to the 19th of March, on Saturday, according to
which s.•rinus ilisturLances had taken place in the Govern-
ment of Brazil, and the province was on the very brink
of a serious convulsion. The Military Commandant, it
was "aid, apprehensive of the Imperial Government being
' a Republic substituted for the treacherous
ledro, had seized on the persons of the
cretarica of the Provincial Junta,
tumults had in consequence take n
troops, consisting almost wholly of natives of
added, had refused to obey the orders of the

lilitary Commandant, and. according to this statement,
the latter himself was 'cited on and divested of all autho-
rity, and sent to Rio Janeiro. Now this commotion is
mentioned as having occurred at the close of February,
and we have at this moment before us letters to the
IGth of .I!arch, which are wholly silent upon it. The
whole account, therefore, moat be considered a mere fabri-
cation, intended for the Stock Exchange. Maranham is ,
one of the most northern provinces of the extensive
country of Brazil, comprehending a populous island of
the same name, 119 miles in circuit, lying at the mouth of,
three i.rreat rivers. The French settled there in 161 V, but
were soon after expelled by the Portuguese. Quantities of
rice and cotton are produced in this province, the chief
town of which is St. Louis. Scarce a day has passed for
some months that the tale of some new commotion or some
alarming rumour has not been brought to these shores
from Brazil. The fact is, its present government is not
stable; it is hemmed round with treachery and distrust;
Don Pedro is vaccillatir.g and faithless. Brazil is now the
only empire in the New World, and it will probably very
soon change its government, and, following the examples
of Colombia and Mexico, become a vast and energetic
Republic.

From recent accounts received from St. Domingo it would
appear that all the intrigues and attempted negociations of
the French Cabinet, respecting that once valuable de-
pendency of France, had failed ; and that, despairing of
ever recovering that fine island by force, or of retaining
it, even if partial success should attend the effort, the
French Ministry had at length unwillingly resolved on ac-
knowledging, of necessity, the independence of St. Do-
mingo, and establishing a commercial treaty, on a favour-
able, and, if possible, an exclusive footing, with that island.
An extract from a paper, called Le Proragateur, published
at St. Domingo, thus refers to the subject—" Private letters
confirm the intelligence that a commission has been insti-
tuted, with 111. Lamm at its head, to regulate the amount
of indemnities, and the Treaty of Commerce, which
France may propose to Hayti, previous to the recognition
by the former of the independence of the island. M. Laine
has always shcwn the most pacific and conciliatory feelings
in our favour. It appears, therefore, that mild and equitable
sentiments towards the Republic of Hayti, begin at length
to prevail in the Councils of his Most Christian Majesty.
It is probable that France, apprised of the resolute deter-
mination of the Ilaytian people to repel all attacks, of their
unanimity, and the energy of their Chiefs, will rather ap-
peal to negociation than the sword. The acknowledgment
of our independence would be a concession that would
place us at once in the rank of the sovereign nations of the
earth. That France should for this benefit seek to obtain
advantages in her favour, is what we were to expect. It
remains to be scan whether her proposals will be com-
patible with our interests and honour, and our future
security. This is the question which our political Chief
must resolve, and he will resolve it, doubtless, equitably to
our glory and his own." Frarce lost St. Domingo by the'
insanity of her political visionaries, in 17.91 ; and every
succeeding effort, like Le Clerc's, was only attended with
disaster and failure. Since the restoration of the Bourbon
Family, new attempts in the way of regulation and in-
trigue were made, but also failed. The present French
Cabinet had, therefore, no resource remaining, but to ac-'
knowledge the independence of St. Domingo, and thus
obtain a favoured commercial footing. It is the wisest policy
France can pursue, and should have been adopted long

sinec.

We give insertion in our columns this morning to a long
nnei rorreomondenee between Dr. Phillpotts, of
Stanhope, a most enlightened and respectable Clergyman,',
and the Committee of the Darlington Anti-Starer/ klociety.
Dr. PhiUpotts' long and excellent letter deserves the best
attention; it places the abolition system in its teas light,l
with equal ability and discrimination; it points out the,
fallacy, both on political and religious grounds, of the
resolution of the abolitionists at Darlington, " that the
state of slavery is repugnant to the principles of the British
Constitution and of the Christian Religion." I cannot
forget (Dr. Phillpotts says) " that the principles of the
British Constitution had their origin, at a period when a
large proportion of the people of this land were slaves;
that some of its main bulwarks were reared in the distinc-
tion between the free and servile classes of Englishmen
themselves ; that even its last glorious perfections were given
to it in times, when the state of slavery in the British Colonies
was recognized and enforced by law; nor can I readily
believe that those illustrious men, to whom we owe the
final establishment of our liberties, were so ignorant or so
regardless of their own principles as to permit them to be
thus openly violated, not only without justification, but
(from the little interest this country then had in colonies)
almost without motive." Ag,in, Dr. Phillpotts writes—
" If the principles of our holy religion are appealed to, I
am struck with the glaring fact, that its Divine Founder
himself, when the relation of master and slave was speci-
fically brought under his notice, or became, as it oftcu did,
incidentally the subject of discourse, not, only did not
condemn it, but seems to have given to it his implied, at
least, if not his express sanction. The fact is, the motives
of the numerous abolition party in this country are humane
and philanthropic, but they have not considered the im-
portant and dangerous question sufficiently, and an ardent
zeal leads them much too far. They wish to legislate for
the African population of the West Indic: as they would
for the people of this country, forgetting that the negrocs
arc yet unprepared by education, by habit, by moral or
even religions feeling, for the great blessings of emancipa-
tion ; and that sudden liberty, independent of the destruc-
tion it would bring with it to the lives and properties of
thousands of Europeans, would be a curse to the unpro-.
vides' Africans themsch•cs. Seven hundred thousand indi-
viduals would be thus act loose throughout the British
islands, without provision of any sort, with their minds
inflamed, their passions in a state of effervescence, with an
indisposition to labour, and no settled plan but that of in-
surrection, conflagrations, murders, and wide wasting
plunder, realizing again the shocking scenes that took
place in St. Domingo, at the commencement of tha
French Revolution, when the sable philanthropists of
the Convention pursued their wild plans of universal
fraternity and liberty—emancipating the negroes by one
decree, and recalling the destructive gift by a subsequent
measure. That fine and productive island u•a: the garden
of the West Indies; wealth and elegance reigned in its
cities; commerce and industry had diffused universal com-
fort and happiness all through the French possessions. Its
trade in eofee, sugar, indigo, tobace', cotton, and drugs,
was immense. The country, from the hand of nature, was
most fruitful, and beautifully diversified with hiU and
dale, with woods and rivers ; the latter and its coasts were
Profusely supplied with fish and turtles : all the domestic
animals brought from Europe had multiplied beyond num-
ber. The city of St. Domingo was the finest in the West
Indies, and distinguished by the luxury and refinement
that prevailed there: but the philanthropists of the French

Convention extended their fraternity to the negroes of that
unhappy island, and a s...rne of horrors sueceeth tl, impos-
sible to describe. In 1791, an insurrection broke wit si-
multaneously all through the French part of St. Domingo,
and in a few weeks not less than I Woo° negrot s were in
arms. The scenes of murder, violators, and rapine that
succeeded, arc too horrible for narration. The manufac-
tures and plantations, wherever the eye rested, appeared a
wide and general conflagration, and the plains and moun-
tains were covered with carnage and blood. The city of
St. Domingo was nearly laid in ashes, amid excesses too
appalling for repetition. All this was the dreadful result
of measures such as the abolitionists in this country have
been long pursuing; such also would be the frightful con-
sequences in Jamaica and the other British islands, if their
plan of legislation was unhappily adopted. We are our-
selves as wann friends as either Mr. Wilberforce or Mt.
Buxton, or the most devoted of the party of which they
are the leaders, to the amelioration of the condition of the
African race in the sugar islands, and to every prudent and
rational measure that can secure their happiness and com-
fort; but the blessings of ultimate emancipation can only
be gradually and cautiously extended to them, and they
must be prepared for the gift to make it either valuable to
themselves, or consistent with the safety of the white in-
habitants around them. Such a course the Government of
this country have adopted, and the Legislature has given
to it its solemn sanction. The inestimable advantages of
enlightened religious instruction, and of a mild and bene-
ficent rule, will now be universally extended to the ne-
groes. By the one, their feelings will be chastened and
improved ; and by the other, they will experience all the
protection and comfort consistent with a present state of
slavery, and be gradually prepared for the great boon of
final liberty. What more do the abolitionists want? and
why are they still agitating the community by their ap-
peals ? Ruin to the West Indies would be the certain re-
sult of the unreflecting measures they are pursuing. The
letters on this important subject, which we publish this',
morning, place the question in its true light, and will, we
are sure, do much to dispel unthinking prejudice, and pro-'
duce a just and rational feeling on the condition of the
slave population in the British West Indies.

The Duke of York strived in town on Friday evening
from Newmarket.

Yesterday morning the Princess Augusta attended
Divine Service at the (lapel Royal ; afterwards her Royal
Highness. took en airing in Hyde l'ark, and walked in
Kensington Gardens.
Yesterday the Princess Augusta and the Duchess of
Kent visited the Duke and Duchess of Clarence; the,
Royal Duke, we arc sory to say, has a alight cold.
Prince Leopold, accampaniedliby Sir Robert Gardiner,'
attended Divine Service yesterday morning, at St. Phillip's,
Chapel, Waterloo-place.
Yesterday, at a quarter before three o'clock, Prince
Leopold, Prince Leiningen, the Duchess of Kent, Princes.;
Feodor, attended by Captain Conroy, and the Baroness
Despadeth, went to a private view of the Exhibition at
Somerset House, whee the Royal party were received by
Sir Thomas Lawrence, the President of the Royal Academy,
and Mr. Howard, the Secretary of that Institution, who,
conducted their Royal Highnesses through the different,
rooms sA apart for the display of the Arts, with which'
their Royal Highnesses expressed themselves highly grati-
fied. At a quarter put four o'clock the Royal party left
the Exhibition.

Yesterday Divine Service was performed by the Rev.
1)r. Blomberg, to the King's Household, at the Palace, in
Pall-mall.

Earl Bathurst is confined by indisposition.
The Duchess of Bedford, we are sorry to hear, is much
indisposed at her house in St. James's-square.
It is expected that Mr. Baron Graham will retire from
the limch at the close of the year.
The Annual Spring Meeting of the Scottish hospital
Charity wa% held on Saturday, at the Preennasonte Tavern.
Ili:Foam IN Pmareste KT.—The night Hon. the Lord
Mayor, in %moque:lee of-a:requisition for that purpose,
Las appointed a Special Court of Callimon CoUncil to be'
Iteld at the Guildhall, on Friday
.next, to take into con-
sideration " the propriety of petitioning Parliament forth-
with to institute an inquiry into the state of the representa-
tion of the people in the House of COMMONS, and of repre-
senting more especially the glaring inequality that now
exists in the representation of the tlistrict comprising the
city of London, the county of Middlesex, the city of %Vest-
minster, and the borough of Southwark, compared with
that of ihe rest of the kingdom, as it regards population,
property, or taxation, that district returning only ten Mem-
bers to Parliament, while the rest of the kingdom returns
two hundred and forty-eight ; and to obtain such reform as
may be founded upon the true principles of the British
Constitution." _

The Huntingdon Election takes place on Thursday next.
The naval promotion spoken of, we understand, will take
place on the anniversary of the King's coronation, in July
next.—ldarnpshire Telegraph.
SSII ING or TIIE DISCOVERY SHlPS.—Saturday being
appointed for the sailing from Deptford of the liecla and
Fury, on the voyage of discovery, every arrangement was
made to facilitate that object by the superintendent of the
dock-yard, but on Friday night the Fury was ordered to
remain until yesterday morning's tide. The officers and
crew of the Hecht mustered on board on Friday night,
with many friends, among. whem were several females,
who could not be prevailed upon to depart until the last
moment. At five o'clock in the morning the anchor was
raised, and the Ilecla swung upon the buoy with the tide,
and at seven o'clock the signal for sailing was hoisted ; the
Comet steam-yacht was then lastly moored alongside to
tow her down. Captain Parry, a few minutes after seven
o'clock, came on board iu the pinnace, with several Ladies
and Gentlemen, who were received by the First Lieutenant,
Mr. Wynn. At this moment the river and shore presented
a very animated spectacle; several boats filled with coo.
ppny, bidding adieu to the crew of the Heels, were visible,
and many of the ships of war's crews were out, cheering
the hardy adventurers. If he final orders for getting under
weigh were given at twenjy-five minutes past seven o'clock,
and a very affecting scene took place on hoard the transport :
several sailors at one time Twilled into the arms of some
females, and, snatching a hasty embrace, jumped into the
litchi, in a manver that n-say who have taken such fare-
wells caunatforget. Tbc Comet got under weigh and pro.
ceeded, with the Heels in tow, down the river, sud was
BOOR Out of sight. The crew of the Gripe r gave three
cheers as she passed, which was answered by the Ifecla'a
crew. This incident ki,arery intertating, as the Griper is
taking out the Land kapeditism, and- he next intercourse
of those brave men will probably be in regions of desola-
tion and niiscry.
MR. SADLER S ASCENT ETIOM ROCIIT•LE.—On Thurs-
day last Mr. Sadler, accompanied by Mr. Platt (the gentle-
man from Liverpeol who attempted in vain to am-nel with
Mr. S. from this town, when Mr. Peel was oblired to re-
linquish his scat in the balloon), made a very successful and
imposing ascent from the yard of the new gas works at
Rochdale, his balloon being tilled (we believe gratuitously)
from the gasometer of the works. The morning being
beautifully fine, the process of inflation was commenced at
an early hour, and the balloon was ready precisely st the
time appointed, two o'clock. At a quarter past two, Mr.
Sadler and his companion stepped into the car, and the bal-
loon ascended slowly and majestically from the ground :
the day was beautifully serene, with a very light air from
the southward, and the progress of the balloon was extremely
slow. After having been for thirty-five minutes in sight of
the place whence he arose, Mr. Sadler dehceaded at Raw-
chile, near Hamm, having, in the time we have mentioned,
travelled only seven miles. Owing to the balloon being
loaded to nearly the extent of its buoyant power, it did not
rise very high, but we have not heard the precise elevation
estimateol. The descent was effected in perfect safety ; but
the inhabitants of the populous neighbourhoe d where it took
place, to whom thesight was perfectly novel, crowd(%) around
in such large numbers, and with inch hetense curiosity,
that some trifling damage was done to the balloon. Mr.
Sadler and his companion arrived again in Rochdale the
same afternoou.—Murichester Guardian.

overturned, and a
nilc of Don Pet]
President and
and alarming
place. The troop
Brazil, it Was adds
