.
, , . . , . . ' . . , .
.
- .• • ,
, . . . • _ • . • - .- . . • . . . • - ~. . -, . . • „
. .
.. .
. . . . ..
,•. - • •
. . .
. . •
. ,e " . ,)- . , .
,---' ..
4.,0er. _ „
, ,
// 41 •. .__ .
y.v.
_t •
/e. ie?.d ,i
I. /e-4..- 2-•a-..> ///e"----ej(--- .
•Loev----dt) / - .
.. 1
- -.../ ' C ----AO"' /7
vek.---1--/-•---'s--Gri-ovo--- Ani 6 !..---eif:;te-/C---e---I._ Pt-. C.!' t• --
/ - ,
c , , • Z, i
.
, \ t • t
k...----1-''' / -_____--- ias 1 ) -.lli\ • • • i
----..._ . ,' Vt.
--; i'lliit A'l.) • _ •
,
' r 4lp y -
t • •-' . ;( i !-../ I,
• . • i
: I i
. .
..
1 11 T i Alb,
' ..
, 7AI V , •
41 lii r 10‘. 4-
...., ...
1 . . '"•• Nk. a..„ , • 46:`, 41 IWtiei ri
, . ...._ .. ...._............._..___................ _ _ ...._ ___ •
t .... . . ... 1,... s ~:. .
_.
igthwese Se ilpe tisiweeljeriNghesdiedettlewal) Iliwwl 114.4. i ', i gib
a4ll, k- ) Q I Ilk i .
t . .
' ' 'dili ...-
1 cwr - .-.---. • -....imistrimmfamer
. .
' u5...z...• I
AIC -1 -PS sot esios-',O mon Qpr.,ll". YORT . . .
.s. 00, .... sou ... Otomeeneseossoyaiesee ea- - - -•- !• ' :- I •Oswee VTI,Wili ' • • 'AC . 1 :
I -.ink, 4 t ' 1 1.„.‘ is . , +
.... .. _. _. ....
, _ , ~..:.... owe*, fr t • . to .. • - - --o • , laud 4.-
. . /* -.•• • •
.„- . - .
- .
.• - • N_ eateomoss . . • • ' '- - - t L'i) ' i
- - - - -- • - ---•-• _
,
NO. 7101 5 . _ V •
' • ..,,,e . _ .
LONDON, FRI Y, M- Y '-i i" Ins. • '
. . .....
.... ___.
- Pnce yd.
. • i t t ,
r-vismomm="---------------14==a111610" .._.........._. „view,. ........„ ~„,„ .._ ___ ......„____..7....,.........,..._-_...._
...,--...iipr . • fl
„ _ _ ~ .
OPPICR, LOYDOW. Meg Ili, laid, PAR,. Ulf ENTARY INTELLIGENCE. I wilds a far yule ollmlottleAleawil leeereeei Leo*, had itimawa do 111.018 OF COMMONS, Twosome le es
Y, ....AY -. tile SPEAKER idelflielt • Nei Loddlio bed , • I
• SIMI SOLD BY AUCTION. ---wees-- ' meet eueleeit belletufadeidsjoilvtaileageolidei ow easegercies • • • - --- • • leveed to Revue , ,
ttetellw ef Ai* ilostooroble Commisaioners of AU 110‘121 Or LORDS, THURSDAY, MAY 21. tine the Wales* aid an thallierogan keit wow a Tie Weaker mat deg Chair at tar egad beer ads day. -ee ee •
ROURVI'e. eirojelo, ' • 17,, e" ~I • • , 11/
. .
tit
. . Ifselso Ikvsarae. be *SWIMS Room, at tbe .'.xcise --
.eit TVKAGA V, the Mst instant, WED- The Red et DICRINY preeested•
___%.
_Y Me lot THUIRIDAY.• tie bl, FSII)AY, the 3d, Nader. Thehleillegodloveud bad twiddle dmieentem • Arad '' 1131111NOUlt011 AND LEITH WATHILIVORKA. •. - Mr-Remoter, PEEL, .
nom;
aw
rem
thy
joiroorma
.eactuntww petesmeimitlewe fromrsoßohosie. "e, _Heceieeek melee lalehb lel* ihad aderglithit •Tallberirt of the Etheeleureth nod beide WeeseNerke 13i11 yea bought ta the. boo 4 . 70.0-4 away so
ng for IflNlAlislistlflal, I
_dolf.Wlolll4e_dillis silli:ogotalloors• hymn lartby Mr. H. DRUMMOND. Arms, whoa' Ose •
.. -Of .
, '
i it
isti ____MMIIIIIIIIN . dle /di of June, at One each Day precisely, a lindaffillei of werl2 brew t ehe ethic from ebe togaomeu ey', gess; er sedoeursemoohil rare moo . . a baula=
.meao. diatoms:ampere bemedied....; .
..,.
Tin hIPEA ttilibleitall .
apagrettini . •
of Papay, Behloh GM and Cud- the plea, hi feat& sali obendem ht the Nen hillen-joklot tie i "II ha oriee thumb we la sbe • SFR RS moved, sa so ornetstienente deft Oho ilialehoold‘i leelash Padogeeleoillet-Aspoimeo oe . .
"Whillie Iffet Peed. . &shwa Iwuwe edh the read ehat b:mitylir. hod trawl hi die of dia UseNtobleasotegsbees ' .--1--
*sag ftete"wilig IlibiL
HONDIMCORN. ' I Pale° ikilililloiYie SaVellesse tiagdata he "0:=Illeat oleoppgdsoicia, lie =Oda set-bla oe- the eadme elf airmen bog be:Vend . -4- • 1
, ••• vs gifeler lreneggee sad ar
_._ to *DA emeented a yeomen rrwn eh. dr IV abetieteefilaripilley. We Illietlasemiserly INK ephilleme.- 11114111111 111111111111.111
eree •Cillendallite. etlelies, St !Me fnens.the . .
tbir•Stral isiiirsill mad ""41 1 '
. .., 4 e Moloseta Naos of ... -.. is dts roottel— Of -11411‘,41-hat the iitli I =50ag0*....7, Mot iv. Ao ef Ugive If Ale Istemlad se aboudieglp valved._ t_b_e_tbAlt.
,i ma *Nilo 4. .• &Mit IRO "'**l".• int !deer booed owe. I Os haw hoseasettedsieprosegtO Oa biro& of =lll=Fased• and be ottemee is SIM tie =el wow* As you. • itolotlifirblesee lore. piamomed to i ' rf,
. * 'Wel st:!: . Copper Stills and c.v. .etA . - 'DAY etsie disarmed to suggest lode" ele idlooThY hie awing fr-Webeee hild selleblu dillevelneedittgo ala Ofearoar. Ireland Ode Wm/Abed !rid 1111i0shiNid tenamaitob IN. tts 14=
.. A, -iiii rorA - pelt do L' ift egbiefte eirs eta See Vol, on sc. dal of blood 1• ba wag lea fie dash dialetWa ilie Way ef Ails ,• blue Wye be (avow el obe .1011,1illea Mendell a el* Wiese , Ohlhie HOW. ?MIMI* I.
,
„ .me Pt •14 . Lead ow nbassesrat Reedo win. eolith were om yet before anaegmaelik dot Saga dest=gleod, alliergb übbootegliet k. He bad kansedlemly oppolled• Choillans bat IvathiV rola ef frigllegge 7ot boa been soutitegreetilbe= I
• .i: Pewter diejilove. diendleialomi bolo lifia iles- besed; Mat se the melon WAND Neil set be malted. es igen, for the papa elf amletlog mono
uneinalaV
IMO gee kinimilirtlab ann- domed. Hader Noe eigellanellie....rla Modesty to Septa of dome anninimessee you ay as rs wall meckelletellige 1
' t
. " 4111 :. • • tron
Tubs ei•OulFC,lT:issosa ga ll* eguensial3;,,Nen.gur I'
that etiZ,d. P:inedillill Idelli: tie ilitteeltil • the tesama• •of otabider to the Harm and
_aumed tbemeentelbeal dee INA. i• Auer be values boa jet isigematee- bow: rif spoliVohisibiallidlia.l4l
Ceske ofolOteriotirsidis as mei reed a third time on the yd. to Soda& Aud hos SOS k lteMP h petimed a Ana a short Navenuldemi beams go i T le, Mr. he pastitted .ftsidlo=tliaeoselenone gbiAthei Rao dall lie
Tian Tacks Mageoeteowite. Sir R. rINURINDIN lirratuor. Sh• G. tirades se a ef the; war Mgh bawl of phi-
-
ani=vismii.mpow
agt.
Is
irsouividA pews,
varies,
pitgehoserg..
sirolile:4 • leo thee bid an tbe table, with two elves ist die tisneirhe Iget.l.ll‘ isethoill vindlead aileglia
JPindeelle."lBlt. Welein'lLWUr. 0,...., Mr. J.Sattow, Me. M.A. Tat and Sea not, V 110644,4 . , ~ . f
teem lusedrula Iletellitine wont,. ships aet *adept this deem Wiles galleoW Numb baby dot Mr. Swiss consented to withdraw his seedes, red OS agora wee at the ha tieem adilremod tiA Russo la a gag, I
bes des Utast* to be Faddotte in favour 0 the qaitebleleent Hill were protected by Peellie er whet thes UNA Pieee ha the liffable homing deat as nedged. . eise of alma. nod wooed the sense Nab of Se outoessor fl yil 1
ailliall. 4 ibilliblamilt Litszvom from the the Duke of Rico ootto and EMI of TAN xelvieet, from Bir. vellesals Zed ligegge. ev he Weehleiveled RefeFeelad Noble Labs The BM was then rad a third doe pod posed. , keligiopsdeves be bad peemed in asteterfoaliqj the Nakao be bad
gmll'ilesim "sdisombWillillieles'imana. embalm gmlopeosusik. and ea tbe memo Affiegtum and Whltty--Loid on the table. were agreed am o die jambe yof rogderiNgdillordomms ilitaself se be Ng mole author of tho plaid's babas* Con-
111,
'Moo-e---lirßrielbs
Omni Ws till twelve etiolate Nees Combines may be ROYAL 61 ESSAGE. bet den gay dee dens elan at dot peeled. vienotor we.
or when it Wee' hourea dust wiped
The Earl of LIVERPOOL brought down a Royal Alcune le MESSAGE FROM TLI K tING. .
.. .
TIM CHANCELLOR of-the MXCHEQUER brit doers revemilliliWilifilese"eserroprinilik "yeletlaaas suabnAnalle onna"‘ aliallesiss4,4 isrwa.liaana trl
&OM its* Crown, in which his 31siony expressed his dmire to gra' nt few la. °Wien' allig dbe la.- 11.1=1= a Almwe from his Mejeety, +high-Was mod by the Siiir, veld offinEfrOPlllahility,!&" moor* of elettmee- *kr
SCIY4I4;DIRPTENSARN' FOR THAEASM OF TIIS EAR,
an annuit to bor Rs al IfigiMeoe the Princess Alexandria* "111.61 dkka"."4" A "I"tialime itime` "Isis tis fuill'win* effict '-' . esselLi At Snow ' m loge hut illness Nue taken
10. DEA ?T.SI'REET.
VOtoria ofiKen and lie Royal Highness Prince flego' rite Wrode. b.weeweir• el‘teieel " itile rewahlill. bleb' 84_ .. .1”11111111 wSw " Ihr Royal Highness Alexandeina Vittoria (daughter sof her jai* elesedYs7Ltbibe the Just severity of the Heesea•
CURTIS, Auriat to his Difajesty, and their Roll! He them hii ma Nair November, and had nothing farther
rick Alesander E41)1111i Aagustas, the eon of the Duke of Candor- alillialioehr.:, le" thlia ims-0-10, f=f,,,,,l..l.l"ll"slirent. Nailhilmtdm 'Rapid Hlghnese the Dachas of Las). andlis Reyna 114finies tamp won "bon °this Jesse
Nallisgooms the Duke el'd Decbmg of ,91mIecee„„teleowewo, laud, aod recommended to their Lortimeipa to concur in making a ,o,o—o: A.A.. .."*.,41r.a...ibe 4111111161a,,11-11.141 woe •**
ressaessi Y George Frederick Alexanger Emma Alopistus (aka hie Royal • Atethe (midmost of editoollOes. dr. Pilkiegtan WO rememed . i
V6l3mi Ado lesetiescione •ill commence 'nil w-' Ai I" °Pi calm for the families of their Royal Highnesses the thigh«. a --- - --
Iblit of L an the ANATOMY, PHYBIO- t and the Hutted Cumberland. These. Blain Rom oda. w .011111 Higleass tie Dike aliesedietland), lealeeo amp areomd ot est age rieM difiler is qi_arifthiquinse: • 7.. •
. V 'lf the EAR- "d" theiligt The Message woo See Neel from the Worditark. and.o. . ilklinik deer • *ha 'Saki rabies is nommen fat liair.ffilißigie AU. Secretary FAHL aud tie Individual re comely had made •i'at .
lb =VARDAR eglifilv toeugt•peeestik aspoutias Me Mabee, by aciourberag lils area-
. . ' Oat do mules 'tea Ead of lair SRFOOL, tt wee ordered to =pee ' latesteeence and edelweiss t Ned hie Ibeireopbadhedesksokites kirks culpability; and notkolog all other. pewees • 1 I O
J be table iota conaideadou tO"vOrrew. coal say
As reebodem, apply to Mr. Curtis, at Ms beam, I". Ilf, Soho: mus. re ii,EraNa ....
~..i.«.rizowitittba steenntkos4onst NM- an annuity should he granted to her Royal Highness the Habeas
dwilorittz.ennentictogicehyronespectlipouTeluistiletoosia4liblguishos aumulidatisorshmeeshe9opeirip:aitenowotfuaypoutnesbepdrotpaiiiravewidtmioninonignu.:thHatiptrreceditlio,estr
:ilia: .ii i /
aims Mr. Broaden and others town the Commons brought up the Ex. mine we. lel"' 11". er dir did"' Illihk il "6 Of Kent, and to his Ro al Hialmas the Duke of Cumberlan. 1, for
1 1
Tie Royal Dispensary is opal to Pupils. • . to treat wide Nateopteeibilair la lef the Obleememe- They
....- chequer Bills for Publec Works in Ireland Bill, the Corada le. were noe ehodioe memo wag
~anneasy onnamas that thee that purpoie, his Majesty recommends the consideration of the
THSo "WNW— --HOARY MEETING of the CI, A. corparated Compainy's Bill, and a great many other Bills, which did not speak theism..., ebtoode tiepopmeemed ; they did subject to Parliament, and relies upon the liberality of his faithful with regard te their future coadoct.. The andeet of that indiviaml
KITT lIICHOOLK within the Cities of Louden and 'l4 eat. were • first t me.
. thr Commons to make &suitable provision." before th• COnitnitte• • bail been shining's:the/ by *gull Propriety-
miaow &animas, snsd pir, adjecent, wit; be held we Timms_ Mr. Hurd. presented Returns from tbe Equitable Loan Company, on:alt tube! on; thaw; "'Pie' " N., d.;zb taw.- bill." arenreat_t ; ' 1
where a pursuant to the orders of the House.-Laiel on the table. " -dthreT icair we 6111111111enrue ew bY rne The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER loved that hi No emir couhl feel Mot stronger manner than iiirliatif. the Krieg.
vAr WieT,ditt the
befeeeCethedral Church of St. Vial, Houle ef C°"'")."*" .°' the 1 eulte.r large "uiewed in the Alai t'.gr . ious 31 be taken into coosiderailn by a tom! ' WWwge er the offence that lead been commiuod ie forwarding a fie- : 1
QUARANTINE !JAWS. clause the House of Common* had pond. They did, indeed, . - iitious petition to a Right lion. Member here, who was necessarily,
Hie iitoWae-To --dee Duke of GLOUCESTER, President Earl DARNLEY complained, that the returns which hid been call for • temporary suspensien of It dewing she lifetime of the mitteen oYf'theacwhole Houe"agse eto-morrow.-Ordered. by his &mance from the place in question, predocied from nuking
orme-oaosinexos. laid en the table and punted, on the subiset of the Quarantine Pretender, because they feared the attachment of the people of COMBINATION LAWS. any inquiry into the nature or outhenOcity °Cam petition, till it had
No 6 Am Du* or buds The Right lion. ford Bexley Lams, were not perfect, and expreased his intention toonorrow or Scotland to that doctrine-which he would call a blasphemous Mr. HUME presented a petition from the journeymen coach- , puhaps been alroule presented and its meets (focuses& He ag_ 1 '
The • Tfeno Lord Bacot Rd. Itlarlse, Esq. Chambeelain Meodoy next, to wove for copies or entrees °cony communications doctrine-the doctrine of Jars Disioo, which was now known by makers of Dublin, against the revivalof tke Combination Laws.- nutted suck caudate if pursued was calculated to shake their
I '
1 i
Sit Wm. Coeds. Bart, Alda- of London - •bieb might have been received by his Mojesty's Government on its smoother name of legitimacy ; but which, if it had been a:- Referred to the Committee. confidence in all poitions purporting to come from tbe people. t
man, NI.P. sit Jahn Peering, Bert, Ald. this subject. from the British Consuls in the Mediterranean. Ile knowledge], would have deprived us of the blessings of the House Mr. MAXWELL presented a petition from certain proprietor, Still he w'shed all woe's leuity to be shown in the present instance
sit Ria,..4 0,„, tar., glut, Sir James Shaw, Bart., Ald. also wished to know whether it lynx teue, that foreign Powers had of Brunswick. During the rebellion in Scotland, this law was of mills in the county of Renfrew against the Bill for regulating ,s# was .consietcat with the dignity of the House. If the House
Alderman already laid restrictions on the entrance ne' British vessels into their exercised with Pelt Severity : but about thirty years after the the Salmon tisherito.-Laitl on the table. owed with him in those sentiments, and entertained et similar feel- 'l, ; 1
atilibliarlie aad William Child, Esqrs., Treasurers ; ports, in consequence of the expected removal of aur Quarantine period of the passing of the Dill to which he had alluded, there Lord sTANjeIeY ;amino.' a petition from certain cotton. ind. upon the subject, he should move that ltobert Pilkington be
Aaa dir. TS the woniennorry ; is also the Treasurers, Laws. If this were the carie. it would become a conxideration was another rebellion in dist country, acd theee was theo a cosi- spinners of Brockford, against the Bill before tire House for regu- discharged from the custody of the Sergeant at Arms on Monday
sid estagelbs,,,, is( these-reed Charity Sc4oh ;by the whether our trade would nOt suffer more than it would gain by the petitor for the crown. What wes then done ? Was it moved to toting the hour, of labour.-Laid on the table. next. 1.
Felipe in Grld, RICHARD, lord Bishop of measure. make this law perpetual ? No, it was merely moved to Mr. DAIVSON brought up the Report of the Commissioners Sir J. NEWPORT thnuold nothing could be more explicit •
g* aoll CONI'IDR. Divine fiereice will begin at Twelve The Earl of LIVERPOOL recommended to the Noble Earl to continue it during the lives of the sons of the Pretender, on appointed to inquire into Isiah Charthes.-Ordered to lie en ahem the avowal of the individual in question ; hie coptlact before t t
suspend his observations till the Bill should be before the House, the principle that ieit were neyeesary in one case,
ells* die House iya Abe Committee had been equally andid and fair. ' /
it wet necessary the table.
Tao p=rnnaoresioneta. Tereaseeve, and Potions of the that he !Meta exactly know what were its prorie'one ; for a wrong in the other. In 1744 the question was agents brought forward, and eir. J. WILLIAMS presented a petition from the operative and he (Sir J. Newport) so fully concurred in the miggestion of the • .
Andessmy an do sba Truse,Tres, Tomato, and Subacribers. to idea prevailed that it was intended to alter our Qoorantioe lass although it wu there hardly contested, the objectionable clauses was swwyees of Manchester, aominst the revival of the Combivation , Right Bon. Secretary (Mr. Peel,) dot be shaold feel disported ea
tau ,okseloor;v3tentraariittytpaloeune7lto.
Anpral3esin,:fa
TT ouebuirri
!note 1
o,ibtiniiinon. or. lOif t h e House would relax '
lobed% Ult dine toot thee at the Albion anti to set the whole system loose. There was no intention what- poised. At that time, however, hoed Hardwicke sanctioned the Laws.-I,aid on the table.
igwOitthHtohne.
pdrevenitolues- 1
. ' ).,
!Ill'e! iire,rva:"Cloch 1 ' . ever to abolish the customary airing of vessels and objects coming principle of the Bill now before their Lordships; almost all the BERNARD COYLE. .
Ili' fiord -Re Duke of 131/aUCEST:eft in the Chair. from the Levant. It W3B only proposed to do away some very in- objections against that Bull were at the present moment done aw: •
grew *lons. coovenient reguistions which were totally unnecessary. If the with. He thought he had proved that, in good faith towards In the absence of an Hon. Friend, Mr. J. SM ITH roie to present
a Petition from Bernard Coyle, of the City of Dublin, complain. eel' ertdhaencße
parnactice.O the 111041. ~.tilite Custom with the Upper House was to i
punish a breach of privilege oe contempt with a stated term ,of im- .
Tke mot veggie Vie Marquis of, The Right Hos. Lord Viscount Noble Earl would Postpone his motion al Tuesday next, it would Scotland, and in sand poiicy, the passing of the Bill was i (
I fiarneed probably be then in his power (the Earl of Liverpoore) to move the rendered necessary, But dell those arguments in femme of it did ine of being cruel! and unjunly treated and imprienned without
prisontneut, say two or three months, but the tinge of the UMW,
ainaol6l4/1111reage xe 4. moor. moon. Prime Lucas, Esq. Order of the Dar foothe first or second reading of the Bill. not exist, on the groiends of general principle+, of humanity, trial by the friebYGovernment during 'the yowl low''''.' and lOW.
There were some circumstances to which he would then advert, and
othfeCothos""irinng'.winiSivtoidmuaalkteillanfuorrthderer ofrtnith.e it'lh"bidgewnenraiamelly prnovt e'dt. o /1
MO, ill.P. Alderman Earl DA RNLE I hoped that the Noble Earl would he able to feeling, policy. and prudence, lie thought their Lorelohips bound which went in an extraordinary de to the confir tion of the
Sir Nor Lade, Haight ' William Rictrardeon. Esq• state to-morrow, or at the latest tin 'Tuesday next, whether British to adopt it. Ile knew it heel been said that property was the almost incredible statements of the Petitioner. Ile was a man who
, the more lentent and merciful course, and he did not wish it to be . ,
Jeis Fevimean, Esq. /oho Do•fie. Esq. vessels had experieneed any ditficulty in entering foreign ports in offspring of the law-sn °Mitring, by-the-by, as ola as its ns !acts hail r lered himself peculiarly odi to the Oranee
even in appearance depaited from on the present occasion. Ho
wtoingthehisßimg .
John TA*, Esq. ' George Romney tffenitin. Esq. consequence of the measure new in progeess. - parent, and that property is only held by favour of the ' ,
faction in Ireland, and amongst these acts might be reckoned h7s
whoeti
pl dr. 0
pthrieretefyooref '
Peter Wiper, Esq. Wm. Neertry Varty, Esq. CA filmic CLAIMS. law. Ile knew also it was sometimes said that all punish.
awbifigideirat iolniofno•r 3thicerndbiserch(argel r.
oPferithe
!Irvine called out and wounded in a duel, Mr. Ogle, the grand
Charles Pogb Etwo James Thrill, Esq. The Marquis of LANSDOWN presented& petition from the ment must More or leas affect innocent people-that they master.' of theorantgemen, as well as his having prosecuted to con. hott
'Behead Gannon, Esq. r Wen. Knox Chttd, Esq. town of Beaminster, in the county of Dorea, in favour of the Ca- must at any rate suffer in their feelings. But this was the int- • • 4 4 .0 - • t individual concerned ou Monday ,_. and when that day or any
melon, For acts o tyranny anu oppression, a . agistraie rent ent
Tickets fm` the dinnee. at Ifs. each, may be lad of thesieetwards, thelic Cilium The Noble Marquis stated that he preeented it a/. peofeetion of human punishment. and surely could not be taken as other that might bc prefened arrived, moving. that he be then dis-
in the north of Ireland. It might be asked why he had not applied
tke Secretes?, or at the Bar of the Tavern. though the Catholic Bill had beeneejocted, because he diel not con- a priaciple on which to act. Ile knew also it was argued that In - .
er- mem-real for the inj uric' then so loudly complained of ?to this etanget!: 11
The Masters, Mistresses, and Charity Children Oar. whose seats eider the question as finally disposed of. It woo one, on the con- C.ISCS of murder antt Gooey, and some other crimes, there was a his answer was-that from the period at which those occurrence% took "'rot EEL concurred in the suggestion of dm Hon. Member
for 11 tnclillsea 'dr Brou / ' li
may be on the south side, to enter the Cathedrol at the yea smith teary. which must continue to come yearly before the House, enigma ma the children a thine who committed the CWillbils which place to the present moment, such was the temper of the Irish ad- (. . gham). and gave notice of his intention ?f• 1.• ;
door ; end Sem whose seats may beim the north side, to eraer the till jelled •e should be done to one thiel of the population of the did not rest on the childnrn of persona guilty of high treasen ; and to move the dacharge of Robert Fiffileigtou on Monday tiext. I '
ministration, and such the general feeling of the government of the
Cathedral at tem ereat north door ; the Oompany to enter the Ca. empire. that therefore, as there would not he h inflaway, there SIERRA LEONE. I '
country, that he could have had no well-founded hope of success, ' ..
thedrOl as their Tiekete direct, esteem the <'lergy, who will be ad- The LORD CH ANC ELLOR was understood to say, that he ouitht to be hereditary poverty. But such a ems most Mr. NV. HORTON, in allusion to the notice of the Hon. .•
mitted. if In their robes, at the great north doer, with Vtairdoor doula sese the petition. hut that ne had received IPe unjust ; a sense of moral Julies itself made it until the present more favourable aspect of public affe' In soy-
. Mid sn-e le* Dart of these allegetions and in pm. fof tds utility as a manufac. „
.Member for Montrose (Mr. Hume) for various Returns respect- I
Tickets, until Twelve &Cloak. The Masters and Winters-sees are iit4,,,,a We different nature since the rejection of the Catho- must be impolitic that was contrary to moral jades. He bdieved • ' • • • tog OW C,olooy at Sierra Leone, was led to suggest the propriety /1 10.
turer. his loyalty as a subject. and his sufferings as a man, he ,„. „
requested to be particularly careful that the Children rake the elects lie DM, which be hod not presented on account of tht decisiou that the laws of floifeiture had coused miere.rebodiono shoe. they Gentleman's' not attempting to bring on a debate
would refer the Ilnuse to two individuals, whose testimony, if given e'' "'et "aw• /
' 1 ' '
1
that mangled them• JOHN BIRD, Secretary. . which the Irmo:alma then taken. had prevented. krone*, when it was in its mate of wildest in his favour, could not be suspectedof partiality, he meant Alajon upon the mete of that Colony till the various papers and returns
No. 02, atton-gardea, May 1, 1826. The petiticto wee then laid on the table. anarchy, refused to adopt sudi a system as would ensign to She and Swan. He attributed the cruelties inflicted oa him to the required, and al: the available information was before the House. o: .4
N.B. Tbe Trauma a ei. rupective Schools are desired SO NATURALIZATION. infamy and tp poverty Innocent and -unoffoadieg men ; sod the inveterate hatred fDr T
o . revor-eruelties which reduced him to The papers would be forthcoming as soon as it was at all praed- '
• . f
und the SIR a letter, to recent disproportion of Viscount MELVILLE rose to move the first reading of the Government al du Bourbons, with all dab begated non, sickness and b d li h • Mei ed
eggary, an wtc, in r aggregate, amount ta cable sod would then , affind grounds for descuseion. The Hon. i• 1 ,
Ticket& diejlireillZlr Wad ; Anthems, Peadus, and Dinner lent, of whicb be had given notice yemeniay, foe making some would never be secure, because under dist INI• eletninewits we undermood him, then adverted to a COMTAHNHOII ' i .
a degree of odious and almost inn ?portable tyranny.
Invitations, la Se 510,111101; ise the Office of O*SW/seeder Pro- alteration in the mode of obtaining naturalization. As the law lion was composed of two parties, thus who led Mat afirdese it/wow! to be Mt out to Sierra Leone, for the purpose of in- I tl
Mr. GOUL BURN, after a few preliminary obserrati • stated , 1 ti
motin Chtialia. Enueledge, Ne.slll7n, Lincoln's lint-lielldie so govrerood, Bemis tox only required that perrns ahonld have taken who had gai7d. Under those ircumstanca, he would owe the :cote flambe diaitioe nada m_x,. inquiries ~,, the ...biectrof the ise. vetetgatiog the stategof that
ouColonayopea ,
on . e
returns
being . . i . ,i . ,
- e until Two elelock. All ete et and A • ime but that within one mood twain of the Bill. Mr 11 U3I E thou ht it w kl p r th le
the will be delivered to the Panons of the Analyse- heforu naturalization they 'hoof(' have received the Sacra- Lord COLCHESTER odd diet the Bill of the Nelda Leal
rievot
7,7 :I --- , r:ci
having been made out hy the Petitioner sufficient to induce ror which.he should move, that the object intended to be effuse hy ;
entl. aild others entitled thereto, doting the same hours (Sun- ment Oecording to the forms ot the Church of England. It was went to repeal a law he had peoposed e. years ago, sod since the establishment of a colony at Sterns Leone had completely faded, •
th to interfere on his behalf, th not the slightest grounds 11 1.1
dey excepted), beginning This Day, the 27th of 3lay, and will the sortie with respect to restoration of blood ; for thouch by the that period he had not seen any reamon to alter his mind. The id certainly the House must be aeare of the necessity of goitig ' i , I ~
to want Parlismentory interference. It appeared, on the Peti. !LI .
finally close on Tuesday, the gut, at Twelve rechok weasels.. Act of Union it was settled the! no religious test should he required 1 principle of punishment for high treason was in all sges and intu an Inquiry upon a subject oo important. Ile was farther of
timer's own showing. that none of die transactions to which he re- e
,;.: ,
reo• fly permission of the Right Reverend the Dean, and the from individoOlo belonging to Scotland, yet persons so situated as I countries the same ; and men disposed to endanger • State ought, opinion that the projected establutinient of free labour in that cc-
ferred occurred later than 17 years ago, and that some of th took
RoFerend the Chamer of St. Paurs Cathedral, a collection will be the Earl of Rao whose blood had been resent-0d by Act of Partin. in his opinion, to be restrained by every law that could touch place at so distant a period as thirty years since. The severing. lony was entirely premature, and likely, by external and other Local .11 it ,
made at the dooraor the urirat Charitable purism:et. men% were Obliget ety the present law to take the Sacrament ac. their feelings and their hearts as well as their interests ; and alleged I
to lave taken place in the year 17903, of which he corn- causes, to be rendered completely nugatory. Me Was desirous of
The Secretary is directed not to deliver any Tickets but ta the remaining the amount of the imports and exports of the colony, ' i' 1 ,
tegrdt ing
to
ihedifXlerrals4tltioumghfit'iroigthestc,:nht,-...ehCer Nwoerwe o"r c
hoardp,rn re
anotwhiiirofecroaueled
innefigrgnri
y,isdfeeettitilinsetha;atetend,reenatd ;),
uf it nterhooluvgi ni:tt pinned, admitted oflegol remedy, and the law WAS open to him, but
Patrons, or their orders in writing. what does d ?
he o lie postpones mon e r unt I
'ng in th matte i every trom which he. thought it would appear that the trule of that ro-
of the Chtech of Enghtixl, and it •as a great hardship for them to proper to make tbat law perpetual which formerly applied only to bony had not inereosed. Ile also wished to koow the number of lil, It
GROUND-R E N 'l' COMI'A N Y• be subjected to sOch a test. That a person should be a Protement the period of the lives of the Pretender and the Pretender's sons. one capable of giving testimony al read y sleeps in the grave. The
deaths in the colony, the amount of naval expenditure, the number
Capital, 2641.00 W. was all that was requisite, and the taking the Oath of Supremacy Now the Noble Baron (Holland) sought to sweep away at once petitioner had been taken up during the disturbances of the y t /
of negroes transporied, which he believed amounted to 28,01. h), but
In Share* of 231. each. sufficiently proved it. Their Lortiships knew that an Alien, even this law, which he ( Lord Colchutert considered necessary. As he 1803, and vet accuses Dr. Trevor of relentless hostility, as if. he I 1 * /
was now diminished to 12,000. He farther was desirous of procur-
had been the cause of his imprisonment It Ira] in vain to se ' I
No further applications foe shales can be recetwed after the 3lst when naturalized. did not enjoy all the prerogatives of a natural could not agree in the principle of the Bill. now before the House, iug a cencus of. the population, and Mal at )ing the number of ,
that inquiry should be instituted. There did not then exist We .
inst. born subject. With respect to the mode of naturalization. he he wettld move. as an amendment, that it bz read this day six power of inquiry, for the witnesses of th tram dons w dead. Maroons now in existence in the colony. The return!. sought ..
The Committee of Management are reedy to receive Proposals should propose the same regulatioo• as in the ease of persons re. youths. would farther go to inform the House of the number of bathe,
Under Mr. (.'oyle's own hand there was evidence that Dr. Trevor .
for Sites of Building Ground, Ground Rents, and Reversions. stored in blood, and the present Bill would put it in their Lord- The Earl of ROSEBERRY was of opinion, that there were deaths, and marriages in the colony. It would appear that a sum '
ld not have beets guilty of the offences charged against him by
Prospectuses and every requi•ise information may be obtained of ships' power, and snfficient cause being shown to justify abeence. very many reasons why their Lordship should pass the Bill brought .. • of one million and a I.a:f had been expended, and if the) were ta
tne pnitioner, for it appears that he advised his removal from the • . • .
Messrs. Andrews and Clift, Joint Solicitors to the Company, 28, to allow the Natteralization Oaths to be taken elsewhere, and forward by the Noble Lord (Holland); above all because a pledge add the sums pam to foreign powers for the purpose of discouraging '
gaol of New in Dublin, to that of Kilmainham a proceeding . t
Great Winchester-street, or 13, Holborn-court, Gray's Inn. proofo of them being so taken to be received at the Bar. He should had b,en formerly given by this country ro another, which was slavery and other objects connected witli the colony, it vrtoild ere-
confestiedly of great humanity and indulgence. Ile. then read to . I
(..• .iii 1
• - ALL NEXT TUESDAY ! now move the first reading of the Bill. broken only upon certain grounds which did not now exist. Th
-.--e the House a letter from Mr. Coyle to Doctor Trevor, thanking him ate a gross sum of not less than tour millions sterhng. Ihe Hon..
ha ' d' lz ted El •b• n CatOtal Prizes among
DISH ring tatri ti L e • After a few indistinct words from the Earls of LAUDERDALE authority o
and Livenroot., the Bill was read a first time. f Bishop Burnet mieht be Quoted to show the lIIVCSISII
• - • Y for his humanity and kindness on the occasion referred to. Not onlg
for annulling the obnoxious laws at some period or another, and Aleinber concluded by moving for various papers and returns con-
nected with the past and present state of Sierra Leone, and the li. i • I ,
I_3 his best Friends, the Public, on ebe very teat Drawing,
SLAVERY. that authority was very strong. He could not conceive how a doubt had Mr. Coyle written that letter, but he had. in conjunction w'
berated negroes there; with the Crown estates in Essequibo aud ' r •
solicits a continuance of their favours ia the present Lottery, Con,
Earl BATHURST presented printed papers relative to the aims- could exist as to the injustice of taking awa y from any person those some of his fellow-prisonere. published their thenks to :he Berbice, and the expense for captured Legroes; also accounts of all
tuning Prizes of increated value, and of rester variety, viz.-
tion of Slaves in the Colonieo.-laid on the table. rights to which he would he entitled but for the crime of another. erson then so much viliOed b• the petitioner. If there hail been sums paid on aCCOUnt of the Slave Trade.
TWO - - of - - C 30,000
LAWS OF FORFEITURE AND ATTA INT OF BLOOD. But although their Lortisiiips determined to continue those laws in Ph
sl. f d • f hy II - ' h b h h
t e ightest oun anon or tea egreions ten mug It w y wee Mr. IV. HORTON had no intention to object to the Production k
-liiirt.ll
TWO - - - • ' 10.000
Lord HOLLAND moved the Order of the Day for the second this country, he would appeal to their justice against Continuing p fof them offered before the Commission which eat in '
ot the accounts and papers requited, as far as was practicable. B e
TWO - - - - - 5,000
reading of the Attainder Bill. them in Scotland, where they were always opposed, and never con- ilufilfr, r°That Cominiesion was composed of thethen Lord Chief
Besides Tweety other Capitals, lied On the motion of the Noble I,mi, the Act of 7th of Queen Eli- sented to, except for a season. He would appeal to their lord- Justice of Ireland. 31r. Justice Daly, Dean Verschoyle, Mr. Die.
.1
taso 'need in thtseprpfirlietyland nieces
, bue ,!tity.b:fir bincoinue"yeouindlu.etteleel • - /
NO BLANKS ! eabeth, sec. 10. chap. 21 ; that of the 17th Geo. IL ; and that of ships in confidence, and ask whether, under present circumstances, pOOO
ney, and others of eminent integrity. humanity, and wisdom. !flue ontteheausoi upnTiess t prinociples,e wafoternythe fulled indformaet.
ion, and by the , ' .
As every Number will be am, of Five Pountle at last. the Oat Gen. 111. were resd pro forml. any man would crime forward to impose to Parliament, or any Par- ever es were then free-years after their confinement, and pooseseing mo. ,
ALI, IN ONE DAV, Slrr MAY. Lord HOLLAND then said, that in submitting the motion to fitment be so unjust and so impolitic as to pass such lsws-laws b 4 Y facility for obtaining justice, vet Slr. Coyle declined coming tionstoparsoPbeerforsaeditcotTl:ellmsr ,r_ ~r, th`e'n'henentetrlies:eolutils,ietehinfo.pna- :; :,
When every Number will be decidol, and every: 'ticket a Prise. their borilehips, although he was satisfied that It was founded on whith visited the crimes of the guilty upon tbe heads of the inno- e ore that Commission, becauee, forsooth, it did not follow the
to how" far it mistsht be tiled and judicious poli'ey to con'illeitUrelttale:
111511 has been peculiarly fortunate in selling Prises of 30,0001. principle.% that were natural, that were just, that were those of cent. In his opinion, therefore, the Bill was a jult and a proper riewtee-
lice of Courts of Justice by being open to the public. Al to establiehment at Sierra Leon eor otherwise. -
-
general character and conduct of Dr. Trevor, he could, front
There have been only Two Schemes containing Three Prizes of sound policy and of gond faith, he felt it necessary to make some one, and he would sUpport tt. Mr. BROUGHAM agreed with what had been said, that the -4 eils
30,000/. :in the first. Bish sold all the Three; and in the last, he apology, lest be might be subjected to a charge of presumption, in Lord MELVILLE said, the Noble Lord hail founded his Bill, tried
• theoknowledge which he had of him, bear ample testimony to his inn for corn.
mg to a decision on the most important queston, kn-
eed 'lwo out oldie Three Prizes of Thirty Thousands. Bish she attempting to induce their Lordships to do that which they had not in a great degree, on &supposed breach of faith with Scotland. But this so
ts. Ile concluded by rotesting against such an application as tvolved in the success or oomauccus of the colony at Sierra Lerma,
sold the first 30,000/. ever drawn-the last 30,0001. ever drown-in been induced to do, although solicited by some of the highest he (Loa 31elvillei thoueht that Noble Lord had carried hie artu- ' S' If f h •
on sever grounes, an cle.yon t e manifest injustice of would be when the information required had been laid before die 1. . '
..1 I
the last three months of last year he sold two Prizes of 30,000 L characten this country had ever produced; for in the attempt lie Mint tO a greater extent titan he was warranted in doing. ' allin oro le in office to answer har es of
phe acl g upon ; plod f c g t It i th
-er -e-t-aS --e" blouse and the country, and . properly sifted and ezaznined. He
sad three Prizes of 20,0001.-4nd in the very last Drawing, 12th now mado, he remembered that Lord Somers, Lonl Ilardwieke, of that country, down to 100, enacted, that in cues of maw, dim ep during a oer o seventeen years. featly concurred in the propriety of postponing the question upon
April, Bish sold and shared No. 7,034, a Prize of 20,0001., in Six- Justice Blaoketone, and Sir Samuel Romillv, hal failed; if then he, should be a forfeiture ef property and el honours. He stated this 3 eMr. ABERLROMBY concurred with the Ri hII bl
g t (moue& e .
tree labour and die state of the slave trade till then. 'With regard i ••
teen S:xteenths, and Ten other Capitals, in a variety of Shares. who had neither the weight nor the knowlegtleof those eminent men, on the authority of Mr. Baron Hume. The Act of 100 certainly 6 ... 4.
Gentleman i th' k' h I h 1 f ' • d•f
to mg, t at, a ter suc a apse o time, it was 1 . to the colony in quattou Honourable Members should recollect ' , 3
..
'f ickets and Shares are on sale at Bish's Offices, 4, Cornbill, and ame forward in the hopo of doing that which they had been unable annulled this. He (lord 31elville) thought the law of forfeiture a cult, ir not empossible, to institute an thquiry with any rational th • b. •• • bl. hed ff d ashl
e important o 4ec.s it was esta is to e ect, au not r y
0, Charing.aoss, London. to do, he feared he should be accused of vanity. But he hail been salutary provision. As to that relative to the corruption of blood, prospect of being able to do substantial justice. The impression make up their mends beforehand as to the quantum of expense
••• The Lottery will be all drawn NEXT TUESDAY, and induced to make the atterin because of many little eirrumstanCes it appeared to him not to be founded on principle. And if the . . .
on his mind c • 1 h h h d bee ' d' •d I
ertain y was, tat t ere never a n any in ivi ua , wbish it might or might not be expedient to devote to that pulp:SW. i
, .
WO more Lottery Acts will be passed by Parliament. to which it was not material to revert, because there wu something Bill, or the former Bill brought into Parliament by Sir S. Hominy
•.. in tne history of any country, entire severely treated than the pcti- . ie on. . en) er or ontrose , r. ume a eop
fl 11 11 b f II (N 1 II ) speared to b - .
alb in the nature of the time encouraged him, and because the House in 1814, had gone DO farther than to do away with this law, he tioner had been. This was a elusion to which he did not rash'
- prehensive that thc aniOUnt of the expenses inci ent to the colomy
I ked ' f boot. f 1 • I IY
come, for he had ou • in most o the .1 rom w lich ie cou d ,
SALES BY AUCTION. had been Yoe SOO StaXoll% occupied. at the suggestion of a Noble shonld not have opposed it, but he could not go to the extent de-
have derived infor • I • le h 'd bo h Of
mown, ant , weig ing t e evi enee on t al et would be so large as to startle the finest. lie (Mr. Brougham)
Lord (Melville) opposite, in improving the laws of that part of the sired by the Noble Baron. • would say, that the amount must be indeed large to startle him, e
be hesitated not to say that Mr. Coyle had been niade an objeet of when he took into consideration the objects for which the colony , „
BUCKINGHANI-STREET, STRAND. united kingdom called Scotland ; and occupied also in reniOving Lord REDESDALE said, that the object of the Bill was to do
extre I ' , - ti Th as one striking fact to
me y neoroue penmen on. ere w i
SPACIOUS FREEHOLD RESIDENCE, FRONTING some of those laws which had prevented the restoration of noble away with that which waa the law of Scotland down to 1690. and was established. 'l'lic expenses must have been great of redessity,
THE RIVER. i no contratliction had ever been given, which was, that when
h' h
t tile Was then onl modified. It was to rerent the annmission of crime * -e •
families to the rank to which they were entitled by birth. A y p - for they had been obliged to support many thousand men, WOMea, .1 ICI
h ' I d f d d fll ed bl ' - " d
y prmecut apu eC and chileren in that colony for many years, artd they caul not
By WINSTANLEY and SONS, fear of that this law continued to be the law of this country and tine I
present time there was no cotnpetitor for the crown, nor no , . „ t e petite mer la come orwar an succen u
• ' li ''e delinquent, the Government of that day interposed to shield him •, -
At the Mart, THIS DAY, at 12, tremon among any part of his Majesty's subjects. Ile was induced year 1600 that of Scotland. It was demed that the law hatl any
rom t e just retri utton of the law.
f h ' 'b • SVOlu IS I but 1, t continue to oso e pit-
on the contrnr min ' d la th ,
A very desirable FREEHOLD ESTATE, consisting therefore to hope that the present time was a most auspicious one, such effect, Out if it had not been so understood it would not have 3 pose of preventing that disgraceful and abominable practice, the . , 1
Ir. Secretary PEEL had no personal knowlehge, nor could any
i 1 of A Very spacious and commodious Dwelling-house, situate end that unable as he was to do justice to so important a sobject, been so continued. Ile bad heard an anecdote in point. During slave trade. lic lead to communicate what lie thou& the nouns
~ „ Member of the present Goverftment have any personal knowledge, ,
1 • bft the notice of the year
on the east side of Backinolurn-stroet, fronting the River, and on the eireumetences under which he hroug ait e ire. . . . 1743, a Noble lady forged a w t front the e r must consider a very gratifying circumstance, namely, that the in- , i
Villiers-walk, eh kaue, which is expiring at Michaelmas next, at their Lordships, might ware* t f S d ed hhbel Si fte
n him in the anticipetion of its o tate, an arrest er u 3 an . le a rwards comniunicated
... 7 'of those transactione. The Magietrate alluded to had been de- h b• • ts ud Government of Hayti (once known by the name of
rived of his com • ' d h II ' • t E D a It"- a • • • •
mission, an te a egattons againi r. revar •
St. Doniinoo) were quite ready and willing to take any number ot
the low and old rent of only 801. per annum. successful result. Ile ehould have been more pleased it the the circumstance to the Secretary, and had her husband released ; !) ..
nad been unproved on the inquiry. Of the character of Dr. Tee. negroes whteh they could procure. There had been a recent nevi- ; . •
To be viewed by permission of the tenant. Printed Particulars Noble Viscount (Melville) had himhself I proposed it, bu,t that amor aufterwards
_blooming thit
oenhse
.hrid_stual. the property and the .
vor he spoke in the highest termite, and observed, dim it was oberi- elation and treaty concluded, by which 6.000 negroes had been
may be hail of Messes. 1 ether and Rhodes, solicitors, Davies- N le Nl.
ob ' scotint was occupied no ot ier subjects, an I had h or of her el ildren. Ile e . ide ed his lew, therefore. as one
uI v iu •t to raise an inquiry at this late period, and after a lapse .
onto Grosvenor-square; at Mr. liardwick's Office, Me Great that day brought in a Bill to remove some of those ev .
il comm. of perfect policy, and as one which unquestionetely diet tend to the -1 . U lk. - ' transferred from Carolina and Maryland to St. Domingo. The -.
Marlborough-street ; the Hungerford Coffee-hour, Strand ;at the quencee that Hewed from laws which race p f • Ti th •• - • of seventeen years.
ted that art of the coon- prevention o crone. me were oer provisions in the Bill to „ negroes at our colony at Sierra Leone were not in &state of slavay ; i . .
C. 11. HUTCHINSON wisted to know whet objection
hid. The ob. which perhaps he should not object, but tbere had b i ' ''''' they were completely free, or rather in a State of apercnuee- ,i ,k
31art; and of Winstanley and Sone, Paternoster-row, where a try to which the Noble Via:aunt was naturally attac
een a •*aettee these existed to institute an inquiry. -7'lle minute details set forth shin. By all accounts from that colony the increase of popula- •
,
plan mey be seen. f I f • i ' ' t if h h
ject of the Bill, of which be (bonl llolland) now moved the ee- o ate o mix ng up proposittons o w tic t ere would be decided
b the petitioner had not been contradicted and there were still - • ,
, cond readiog, was not in any degee to lessen the punishment for objeciions„ with others to which there would be none. To such a y o I was immense and the good order which prevailed extremely 1 . •
DULWICH, SURREY. high treasou. It was merely to liniit that punishment to the guilty, practice he would object, and notelet wish every proposition to stand "m° *Ones alive who conld corroborate his statemeots. lie yet to,„' a'tifyine '
continued to labour tinder the effects of the wounds he received n' Th I( , .
Elerent Villa Residence, with twenty-seven Acres of Land held for and to shelter the innocent from lts consequences. It was not to upon its own bssis. He would therefore support the amendment e eturns were t. .
Oen orderer". 1 ; I
Oixty years, at a Ground Rent. excite any morbid sensibility towards those a
lio hail committed of the Noble Lord (Colthestero h f ll'n h' f n the let's hands while in a narrow
from teai g on 1111, In 1 gao , SLAVE TRADE. I
By WINSTANLEY and SONS, crime, but to do justice towards those who had committed nor.e, The LORD CHANCELLOR said, that front the importance cell, the heavy irons which ovally confined his lintho. elf. Secretary CANNING laid on the table copies of pipers re- 1 ' ' ' I
At the Mart, THIS DAN', at 12, and who could notenturnit any. The object of the Bel Oil espe- of the sobject, and his respect fur the Noble Lord who brought it petition was en ron
The • ' th b jiht up and read. lative to the amelioration of the dare population in our West
i Very Capital, Comtnalious VI LL A RESIDENCE, c he House he felt it Decatur to seal afe
lolly to room to Scotland its ancient law, the law to which it was behrre t , . y w words. lf the After which 3lr. J. SM IT I niticle a few obserratior.s In reply, .e. •
inn= possastous. 1 ,
when the petition was ordered to be printed.
IL ‘k. adapted to the accommodation of a Family of the neat, re- attached : and to carry into effect the intentions of the British le. Bill had only applied to the laws tbst eclat to murder, or to petty METROPOLITAN UNIVERSITY.
- ' *ll4, seated on an extensive and verdant lawn, overlooking gislature, which had been twice held out to that country. lie well treason, he should Rot have objected to it ; but with reepoot to the THE STATUTES. Mr. BROUGtI,I3I said, the object of the seminary or college i
o • ' of high treason he thought the law ought not to be altered. Ale• R. COLCURNE, on behalf of sir Of. IV. Ridky, lust- it was saught to establish in the Aletromffi , was to afford instrue. ii;
''eeit' -like paddock, surruunded by luxuriant shrubberito and knew tilht in proposing any thing that appears to be approaching crime
prb ed to the 7th of June a motion of that Goo. Baronet's, which boo to the children of such re as could not afford the expenses •
b - ' f the rich scenery to an alteration in the criminal law lie shOuld have to encounter He should have more objection to do away with the laws relative to pon perm
~,,,ot e elks, and commanding pleasing views o . y , .. . 1
‘ i
'''-' • 'eluding Knight's Hill, eke. The Donee is in Perfect Me bugbear Innovation, but nothing of what was reasonable an the forfeiture than to those relative to the corruption of blood ;as he stood far this day, respecting the Revision and Consolidation of the of an education at one of the established univenitiet, or such others
around. h. .
i supplied with good water and contains apartments of objection to innovation coal apply to this Bill. His motion had thought that in the former there was a great security foe tbe Statutes. as resided in dee city of London, and were desirous•of bating their .1 . '•
CRUHLTY TO ANIMALS.
'edereemP4 lois I - ‘'
boo 31 f b 00 nd 13 been recommended by the authorities of many worthies •ho had Middle good, weltare, and trauquillity• la the Bill of the Noble • ~ • children Named under their immediate inspection. It was IDA
,VZ. LI enting-room, a t eet y- , A l' .
ample diumno . Lord BELf NE 1 ese
30 f by 20 113 feet high elegantly gone from-who. though they SAW it would be fit and proper bord there were many inaanrscies, and if it were to go through a IRA "ir nted a petition from Chester, in favour the inteodem el the proasoters of the present design, to cast the I ,
t,et high t dras "0-1°1"' ect - ' lint •• ' 31 al h I • ' t then Committee, he should prOpOle many amendments and alteratians. of the Cruelty to Animals Bill.-Onlered to be rioted. . S
dsrorate,l and oo toted by an eminent foret
-gii artist ; library, to ter t e genera
__ys stein, were aware that the time was no slightest isolation or effeet the most remote injury to the yeller-
I °' ' ,
'''', - deman'e room, numerous chambers, arrived to do it. NYith reweet to one part of the country, ins mo- ile would rant. that he did not think there was the same mote_ \VEST INDIA SLAVERY. established • neither
able laideediens of a similar nature already , ,
fee b !M. ~ • MoM, gen
'-r - • n'clin••*, -o • •bt office, of !VDT lion would not be for IDDOvation bus for restitution-it would be sit, for the laws respecting the corruption of blood as there was for Mr, BENETT preoentott a petition from Wishbury, against West was it ask; wish to east any slight OD the system adoPted in in"'-'
1 bath room, roc. Ac. with smut e •. . y .' 1
dreasin r ndisiduals
- ' stabling, and other out-buddinme merely to place the law of Scotland as it had been before the poss- thine of forfeiture, and that they should noe so much apply to India Slavery. phase gif education, or on the respected and respectable i d
denomination, coach-Teceites 1 • t' l' I • tr to murder and to tty treason as to high newton Hth lgh th
t with lofty fruit wallt, most abundant ymgo an a ten aw to remove an anomaly winch was con ra y COMBINATION LA IltS. 010111111101111 with them. On the contrary. some of' ihe wannest A.l e.i (
yards productive geodes Noble Ird haer better brio in I Li * e ot
II
e ere to be fouroi among
en uf this seminary •
' f rVecy description, hot-houses, pleasure the nature, and mieht pmduce clangers affectiog the prosperity, :
oici . g Imo; ler :II differendy Maned. Mr. GOULTIC It N presented a petition from the manufacturers
massainentlet allah*ls eut,/:""trot • •1 '
stocked with fruit true o . re 1 of Cambriiige and octord. lie should
,i a, h meadow land, divided by sunken of Mat country. Could teat be called innovation which was sane- If ihe Nil Went to go totte•Lonunitteee he (the Emo cnaneelloet
, of the city of Dublin, against a repaid of the Combination Laws,
lit
the
'''
Ittlieser but content h.mself with moviog tar e
4T'un'it'etriantattena' an" -.- k eke addock; the whole in- dotted by the Ltritiih Parliament of the last century, and which was would move to leave out the words "hitch trees/too' and to allow Noble the House nu tar , . •' .
terieei, a Menthol altogether a e'er • i P. o, o .
u..,..
ar bii lin„•is, not cartied into effect, merely because at that time there existed a the words •• mender" and " petty treason to remain. LAW COURTS. 'DiVerND 'ln tile
leave to brine in a bill, to incorporate a College or t_ ) , s
eluding about tvionty-seven acreee with emu' 'om ,
had •'n fo the Crown in 'th I e '•I t • been atteibuted Loed HOLLANP, in MOT, contended: Olio the Bill did not 111 r. 110B1101.1SE moved for returns of the number of Records City or holocon. - . •
balliff's cottage. and lodge at the entra ley t situate in die muou•ere - etnotaiipet, ;too
or
tre a
..00.r
0, ,
sett
ucenceue. m o e
thlat Imrhte have been anti- repeal the Act of William Ilf., and he had drawn un a dause to it! his Majeety's Courts of Kineo Bench, Common Pleas. and e the motion • bu• lo ac-
SI r. Secretary PEEL wou'e rot oppos , . . , . . , 'ie
mired and medal village of temples'. J
1 • n the count!: of S y. is 1, ' 'q g v 1, b k I lir.'
th n d h 1820 liel W." . • did •I I himself to toe principle of the Bill, or
ate totter, In IS COO try, uring t e years
nulwich ei atcd. The British Parliament however tlid approve of the that effect.
' • • --, qiiieseiog in it no. pet go .
only five soles from London. Held bi lease tilde* - P . 1/323, and 1324. Also returns of the number of CALMS tried Jur- preclude himself front opposing it at a future. period, if he saw SE ,:t
' • ' hiok Thi Strangers were then ordered to withdraw and th H d' ided
•s are unexpired at a principle, and left such epproiation on their statute s. s , e ouse iv , .
(allege, for a terns whereof about sixty yen . II same reed nd h f h etch and 1 t - lIROUGLIA Ai ioncurred in the tight poeaessed by the
.
e .01
law was the remnant ot an old eysteni, to remove which when the numbers appeared- mg le I , a t e nature ot e v c.s, w let Mt Sir,
CNN rent. fur plaintiff or efendant-Ordered. Right lion. eloodenan (31r. Peel) to adopt his qmo diecretloe loth
Optive iculen„ would be to roider the laws ennsietent anti smilers]. He For theniation, 12 1 For the amendment, 16
To be viewed by tickets only, which. yid; don Pact , ... . . , boomed taw
en
the
woohloch
would
; and also at wits sure toe Nome and Majority against the Bill, 3 MESSAGE FROM THE LORDS. ragsrd to the conduct Ile might be disposed to Oiellemot Key leethre '
1441
b° had of W•11'11.1de, 3*l len' Perr'l°l/"l°w • • not u ' h Idll ti • f ' 1 because e The Host that adjourned et a Quieter pest Eight o'Clock,
rge against t e 1 , is itgunient o antiqui y, A Messenger appeared at tbe Bar from the House of Lords, and per _. or stage oftlie Bell i yet he ebouldfed teddiftakettltglise
tod
Ur blast. _ . .. .
•
1 '...
IV
.a • ,
-
.i • ,
1I : I
-I
-I .
• ,
