mark and Sweden will be Melted ,town at plisitiue!
i!h,,,,„ erneilile. He considers Russia end Anti.
At•tr:.R. as the Roman C/RSARS regarded Partkia,.
emiot re beyond the limits which he wishes to
t, h,s e.upire ; belonging to Asia, rattier than
•to e,;enpe, arid whose Sovcreigos he may allow ko
reign on the Neva, or on the Volga, without dread.
But, while Spain remains ansubdued, he is not
safe nor secure, though Master of all the Coatinent
bes;4es. The Spaniards, (who include the forts-'
g,,,.,,), together with their immense Colonies, if
caported by Great Britain, may, he knows, not
onie Isitame and defy, but may check and even
‘,/,;rturn his power. It was not enough for him
that CHARLES and FERDINAND were both butiser-
.ient to his purposes. They were still BDURRONS
of the ai:eient stock. Nothing short of a complete
Continental Revolution can secure NaeoLene.—
Having first, therefore, by arguments, or by mad-
tai:lstion, gained ALEXANDER. and having over-
used Austria,. he returns from Erfurt, and an-
seamees to his Legislative Body his determination
tc crown his brother at Madrid, and to plottit his
Eigirs on the fortresses of Portugel.' Vl iien he
pronounced these wonls, lie hail already prepared
all the instruments and means of executing them.
Illearrinnt, on the 3d of this month, as nc know,
at Bayouue. Troops. money, provisions every
requisite is ready to cater Spain at the same time
that he crosses the Ilidassoa. From Vittoria he
has not more than ~!ca rani s to Madrid. Having
gassed the Pyrenees, he has no other mountains
to encounter. except that narrow chain, deno-
whetted the Passes of the Guadarainci, which se-
parates Old from New Castile. If CASTANOS and
&silt venture to meet him in the field, they must
be vanquished. If they retire, he will reach Nla-
di id in sixteen days, without opposition. His men
evil carry portable soup and biscuit, for that
time, on their backs. The English tro-ps can have
nothing to do with the business. If Moose is at
Salamanca, or at 'Valladolid, and if BAIRD should
reach Benevento or Palencia, as much as they
call do by the time that Boesestreeentets Madrid.
Our Ministers have, in fact, lost Spain by their in-
capacity in the first instance ; and our Generals have
completed. by their tameness and want of resource,
what the Cabinet left incomnkte. If the troops
sent to Lisbon. in July, had gone to St. Andero,
the French mast have been driven not of Biscay
before BONAPARTE returned from Erfurt. Or if
Dlooaw's force had been sent, in September, by
sea, to St. Aridtro, and to Tarnigona, while BAIRD'S
corps proceeded to Biscay, instead of going to Gal-
perhaps Ter might have been oompletely
routed.. before NAPOLEON reached Bayonne. But
that time has been irretrievably lost, and we must
now look to hear of d0513.11', Coronation at Madrid.
It is tree Cast the Spanish nation is not satin..
gated. bemuse the Cai.ital is in the enemy's
But the arts of the Corsican are more terrible (Teti
that' his arms. Success, aided by corruption, and
all the revoltitionar;• weapons that he puts in action,
will intimidate, or seduce the Nobility. Among
the Clergy he has many concealed partizans ; and
aldiough the maseof the people are loyal and patri-
otic, yet what can they du agaiust such a leader, and
such troops, in possession of the Metropolis, and of
all the keys of the Kingdom It is to be flared
that Spain is lost."

Such arc the arguments adduced by those who
believe that the Corsican will carry all before him
in his invasion of the Spanish Monarchy. Un-
questionably, they contain facts deserving of re-
flection, aid pregnant with matter. We are not,
however, so overcome by their force, or so intimi-
dated by their apparent weight, as to lose our con-
fidence in the courage, constancy. steadiness, and
resonrcea of the Spanish people, government, and
soldiers. They are not Austrians or Pruarians.—
They love their native country. They abhor the
invader, and they despise his brother. They re-
spect religion, and they love their kings. They are
the descenclauts of the Saguntines and the Nu-
maistious, ao famous in Carthaginian and in Roman
annals. Their ancestors expelled the MOOTS in the
middle ege., thottOt those Mahoinetan adventurers
Lad subjected nearly all Spain. 111 BUM•PARTE
the Spaniards behold, not a conqueror, but a
ruffian and a monster, stained with crimes, and
degraded by perfidy. Such men, we trust, though
they may be vanquished in the field, cannot be re-
duced to slavery.

if any stronger proof could be adduced, than is
to be found in the experienee of the last five or six
months, how narrow are the views, how contracted
the estimates, and how inefficient arc the abilities.
of Ministers to conduct a war such as the pre-
tent; these proofs would ire fount( in the deposi-
tions and disclosures made by the Court of Inquiry
now sitting. However Sir Airtime and Sir Hew
may disagree upon other points, of inferior import-
ance, it is evident that' the primary object in th►
miaistevial contemplation, last July, when the ape-
dition sailed from the port c!' Cork, was not, as it
night to have been, the emancipation of Spain, brit
the liberation of Portugal.

" Hac taste derivata elides,
la rttrisro, populonae emit."

Instead of perceiving that fro,n the tucHaent of
the Spanish insurrection, J oT's position became
a forlorn hope, cut oti frqsu either extending or re-
ceiving succour; instead, therefore, of directing
