MADAGASCAR.

(Front a Parliamentary Theisen, just publlshed.l
Extracts of a Despatch from 31ajor-f teneral the lion. Sir Lowry
i. Cole, addressed to Earl Bathurst, dated Mauritius,
Ithit of August., 11125.—(t Enclosure.)
r• I do myself the honour to forwant to your Lordship hereserth
ispies of the diary of Mr. Ilostie, British Agent at the Court of
gadama, King of 3ledagascar, from May, 1824, until May, 10'25.
These papers contain the operations of King Madame during
the period alluded to, and detail many occurrence, which may per-
haps be interesting to his Majesty's Government.
Ali the olliceps of the navy, who have had opportunities of nee-
leg Madame, wurur In opinion as to his extraordinary intelligence
octal patent; and, judging from the events reported by Mr. Haute,
it is sinpuisible hot to consider him a man (a savage he calls him-
self) of very peculiar genius, and of unusual strength of mind."
gay 23.--Itailaina, having supplic tied divine aid in his under-
tramp at the tomb of his ancestors, left the capital at eight
o'clock.
June 4.—Rente mountainous, and the land in view not bearing'
say trace of having, ever been cultivated ; the path varying in dis-
tinct from half a mile to a league from the river (Slananar), which
wanes a little westerly. to wind round a mountain, on which is
situated a village, called Vouhimbouliitra, the last village near to
illicit we encamped.
It is said, that ihrmer'l the neighbourhood of Wonhirnhonhitra
was cultivated by industrious people, who possessed many herds of
cst,le, which circumstance induced the northern Sacalaves (the
pcople of Boyamt) to plunder them frequently, and they were so
CI: ned. that they sought safety amidst iotne cliffs and rocks that
ft..: difficult of seer's. near the summit of the mountain, in which '
situation their numbers increased, and they were very soon enabled
•i) retal de on :heir former persecutors, continuing their predatory '
attacks on the lloyana district for several years previous to Andrian
micioven 1 Midwite's hither) attaining much ascendancy in Ovah.
`:,toy were attacked and routed by Andean Umpooven; but that
4..iefrtin did not leave any armed force in the neighbourhood, and
tae heights ware soon ociniileti, end marauding incursions resumed,
i t which they were always careful not to trespass on (huh property :
and they continued their practices of kidnappiag and supplying the
slave market, until the remwal of the treu.y ter the abolition of the
es,iortation trade in 1320, alien their rapacious pursuits were put au
cod to by order of Itivelattim
June 11th.—Themininver at day-light 53 A general review of
the troops took place this day ; the grass is so very strong, that they
culla nut pertitroi any cvolotions, and they were consequently
drawn up in two lines, facing inwards led forming a street of
about seventy yards wide, through which Madams rode, and was
saluted at the colours of each regiment. The forces assembled
sere—
The King's, or lot and 2d brigade
Artillery
Engictera

II !yip&

4ch Diiio
Zi.h Ditto
oth Dit.o

4,3211

Iwo
cso

5,5741
• 2,10
2,14i11
2,116,11
2.:4;41

Total -
Thermometer at two o'clock 9t.
ebbe 12.—We halted at An.iulavoor.
June 13.—There I:eing six days unexpired of the time which
Radium battiest the people of lkiyans to meet at this,place, he con-
iultra it right to hilt here ur.til the expiratiun of the defined period.
Lot. by observation • - 17. 11.
Ditto mail 13. RI.

- 11410

I. 45.

Or milts 1115
June 27.—Being within 11l miles of the capital of Boyana, I
se: oat at an early hour, accompanied by ten soldiers and tout na-
t:.cs of Bovine, and, crossing the river 3larouire, at sunrise, we
ivett a: llourne, at eight o'clock, bearing a flag of amity. I ud.
conceit and round the flag given by Commodore Nourse in Ra-
dattia's name, hui,ted in the court-yard. I overtook 2(1 men laden
with powder, with which exception, and a Lamar in the court-yard.
the town was completely deserted. The number of houses in
!)Duane is about 730.

Rattan's, anxious to be acquainted with the occurrences of the
day, advanced with the army, and arrived at three o'clock. He
wended rt seeing this Hag flying, yet much annoyed at finding
the I could nut afford him any certain intelligence respecting
.In,liia” Soul.

Aby 2.—. At the request of Radom& I accompanied the Generals
Railanctac and Kamain to the port, where we found Radama's flag
iltirg; and having assembled the principal iohabitants. the Gene.
my explained the King's Mien ions to use his utmost efforts for the
pr inotten of the interests of all engaged in lawful commerce and
iodus•riots occupations, both of which Radiuna desired the resi-
dents should know were objects of his primary consideration ; at
i!ie sante time lie desired that it should be explained, that feeling
:tanielfentitled to have his laws implicitly obeyed, it was his desire
tbat any persons, not natives of the country, and not inclined to
conform to his edict., should avail du:weaves (previously to com-
mitting any act to incur his displeasure) of the earliest occasion to
remove Itoni his shores, and, by direction of the King, the Gene-
r.ls in particular alluded to every person engaged in the slave
traffic. . . _

On the conclusion of the General's speech, the natives and real-
dents 8, houLett —•• We are Gratis, we are Radaulas !" and the
c.remony or swearing allegiance was gone through by the Chiefs
ald principal persons of the different tribes; on which the Ge-
corals cutsurrnl the assembly, that every person who obeyed
1ted.11112.• laws should be entitled so his protection and en-
CJar
She King's orders to the Generals being thus fulfilled, they were
abut to withdraw, w lien some badly-clothed Moors (none of
wllOll3 I could have expected possessed the value or property of •
bat), roared out that they had vessels at sea for the introduction
or people. and hoped that the newly-published law would not be
applicable to them. Rainanc,ac said, that slave-dealing in any way
ass against the established laws of Radama, and desiring that all
the Wu:thaws should be assembled in the afternoon to meet the
King, we left the town, and the Generals acquainted the King
w:d. the favourable reception which they had met with.

At three o'clock the troops were drawn up in a favourable isitua-
for, near the town, and about IMOO of the inhabitants waited on the
Hallam' addressed the assembly, detailing the circuits-
stances widen kd to his presence at Majunga, and he repeated his
assurar.ces already published, that all who obeyed his commands
shoat be entitled to his special protection. lie tad them, that
Lis best endeavours should be exerted fur the promotion of lawful
coornr.rce ; and that in particular any deviation from his laws re-
lative to the Slave Trade would subject the offenders to the extre-
mity of punishment. He invited every class to have confidence in
him, to apply themselves to industry, and to encourage fair traders
o. every :union to visit his shores.
Ou die conclusion of the King's harangue, the assembly loudly
roared out their thanks, and wished lung life to Ratlania, on which ,
the same persons who had spoken to Ramanetac in the morning
attemptui to renew the quanion, when Radama said, " I come not
:.tic to discuss with you ; obey my laws, go to your homes, Inave
only a few persons to condues me through the town, which I am
i limos to see." Beatles three American twigs, there was one from
Suet in harbour, and twenty-two Arab dims. The Americans
tatroduce arms, ammunition, iron, glass, anti earthenware, some
soft gouda, furniture, and toys, and they always bring dollars.
They dispose of a good part of tliete cargoes to the Arabs, who, I
und.rstatatl, usually leave the bay about the middle of August,
on netting toyages to the coast of Africa, though there arc suture
dux( that cross the 31olarubique channel at all seasons of the year.
The Ameticans get elephants' teeth from the Arabs (they are
DOW two dollars per lb.) and they salt and dry beef and hide*,
rod wimetirnes a little ebony and sandal wood.
Toe town of alajtitign is most unwholesomely dirty. There are
not etiv stret.ta ; the lanes are very crooked and narrow ; the walls
age chiefly mtale of mud, or mud and stooes, and the covering
yr?, high. of bonbon taut palm leaves. There are a few houses or
lime. or coral, nod stone with argamass, or fiat roofs on the plan of
the Indisn bungalows. The extent of the town is possibly about
half that oi P.trt lends, at Mauritius, and tl.e population about
two-thirds, or Udell. There a.re three large chapels or mosques,
sod sevens! schools.
July 3.-I.nersing that Radama had made some inquiries rela-
tive to the number of small craft at alajunga, and the usual way
ia 'Web bee vessels were occupied, I took an catty occasion to
remnient to him the evils that would ensue, were he in any way to
countenance the lawless slave traders ; and I brought to his notice
that the pnple of Majunga were well acquainted by Commodore
rouse, in December last, that his laws prohibited the Slave Trade,
and that he had repeated these laws himself to the Ambat.sarlora
rent to Oval), by Antlrian Soul, in April last, so early a pet toil is
the year, that there is no likelihood that any boats had then left
the road; of alajunga on such speculations; on which account
those row so engaged could not merit any indolgeace.
Rattania said that he always bore in mind the counsel that he
had received from the Bridals. to prevent the depopulation of his
country, and to prevent the natives or it from becoming slaves in a
strange bind; and it was his fixed tictrnwination ta pnraue the
Pleasures which he had adopted fur that purpose, with such ex-
actitude as would preclude his being subjected to any, reproach.
lie shit hat he also bore in mind, that modes of increasing Cie po-
pulation had been suggested to him by an innovation or extinction
ancient rights and long standing customs, which he did not
cowlicks, it wife to invade, whilst lie is entirely dependent for re-
m 'acrei on those who enjoy them. lie alluded to the custom of
ilidolieriting and adopting chibireo, and to that of bigamy. " But
introducing people cannot tend tudepophittion," said he ; " and I
!live been told that the Ero;lisli resort even to force of anus attttinat
(niter nations to supply their own colony Mauritius. I won't take
aay by twee, but is it incaireet to purchase those lnaught to my
shores ?"
I told him that the English natiiin was the first that took men.
eirrei to put a stop to the Glare Trait!, and were still unwearied in
exertions to accompliali an object in which it is now joined by
roost of the civilized Power*: and the traffic is held in general de-
testation, yet no force of arms is resorted to.
" Then," said he, •• what do you c di armed ships capturing
thole of other nations, and instead of liberating the slaves, whom
Iva profess to be so much concerned thr, taking them to your colo-
n)'. when they are put to labour with other slates ?"
I answered, that however desirous Englishmen were to put an
end to slavery, it must he considered that immediately relanditig
0,7 class of persons usually found the prey of slave.draters would;
hum their ignontrice and tioprutected state. most likely be subject.
::og them to ba again led into a similar state; add it is generally

acknowledged that allowing them to pasts a period in the colony
would enable them to receive such instructiun as would secure their
own freedom on their return to their native land, enable them to
be instrumental to the civilization of their compatriots, and tend to
promote the general abolition of slavery.
Radama said that he had heard much of the different clarses of
slaves at the Mauritius, and was not unacquainted with the former
state and prospects of many of both classes, obvert and apprentices ;
and he said he was aware that the present state of many is prefer-
able to what it might have been in their own sanity ; yet,"
said be, "they are all slaves, both those you have by capture, and
dam formerly fairly purchasers ; however, I now see that it is the
dark, of the British Government that there should not be any ex-
potation or importation of slaves, but that every man should mid-
, vete his native soil, oe voluntarily seek a residence in another coun-
try, and I can easily put a stop to importation as I hare done to
exportation : a single seizure will edict that object."
I told biro that he had given mimic warning to authorize his
doing so, and that it would be derogatory to his character to allow
• lawless band of traders of other countries to make his ports de-
Pots fur their illicit traffic, and I brought to his recollection, quit
the !mum of Muscat had prohibited the Slave Trade under a very
Were penalty. Madams said, that the Imaun of Muscat made
laws, and so did the English and French, and yet he must observe,
that he was aware the Arabs were still inclined to sell, and persons
under the flags of other nations, appeared equally anxious to pur-
chase, but it should be his care to observe with truth the covenant
that he had entered into; on which he retired to meet his officers.
July 9.—As nightclosed in, the King returned to the camp ;
went to Abdallah's house, where I found Andrian Soul's minis-
ters my arrival, and I led them to the presence of the King,
who had continued the troops under arms to receive them. After
the customary salutations, Radama desired that they should ex-
plain the objects of their visit, and one after the other each declared
that they were charged to assure Radama of the allegiance of An-
, drian Soul; to express the Chieftain's regret at his error in not re-
ceiving his King at the capital of the district, and his desire now to
claim protection.
Radama entered now into a detail of the occurrences which had
caused him to lead an army into Boyana, and dwelt on the injuries
that himself and subjects had sustained by the„Chieftain of Boyana
affording an asylum to deserters from his country, and encouraging
them to plunder his He also alluded to the tribute
formerly exacted hem Ovah by the Chieftains of Bovana. and some
Iwo threats of ineadlag his territories ; •• however." said he, " we
must entioavour that past occurrences may prove useful lessons for
our future guidance: it is my resolution to be King of 3ladagas-
car, sad not to permit that there should be a division of authority
in this island. If what you have now related in the presence of this
Assembly, which is composed of people of every part of the country,
and a nungst which are many strangers, be true, go you with my
officers, am, take the oath of ullegiance to me in the name of your
Chier and of yourselves, and return to receive my further com-
mand's."

On the return of Andrian Soul's ministers, Radama promised
them his protection so far as related to themselves, and told them
it was necessary that he should send a person in his confidence to
ascertain that they would accurately detail what had passed to
Andrian Soul, anti have assurances Root the chief of his being satis-
fied to observe the covenants entered into on his lithalf, and in the
presence of the ministers.
Radium' requested me to accompany them to Andrian Soul, on
which they were desired to withdraw, and be ready to proceed u
soon as the tide would serve in the morning.
Jul. 10.-I embarked with Andrian Soul'. ministers, three of
the King's officers, and a younger brother of Abdallab Batlrue.
July 12 —Thee. at 3 A.M. 60. Went nut at three o'clock in
the morning, and crossing • river, we arrived near sonic fires on
the bank at four, and found Ranomarie ready to conduct us to •
little village named Aukebaka, where the Chieftain, surrounded
by about for y persons (armed), at dawn of day. received me.
1 requested his ministers to relate Kadanta's cobar to h:m,
which they did with accuracy, and I asked him if it suet with his
approbation.
He said he was perfectly satisfied with what his ministers had
dose, and he promised imPlicit obedience to the laws of Racism&
I then desired Kadaina's officers to assure him of the King's
protection and support.
July 17.—At an early hour I received a letter from Radama, de.
siring I would try to ascertain if Andrian Soul would dine with
hint on his arrival at the camp at 31arruvoes.
July 20.—1 waited on Andrian Soul, and acquainted him that
Radama would give him an audience ; and the chief forowers
being in attendance, we approached the parade, where he was
much awed and amazed on seeing the troops form three sides of a
square, on each side of which was a regiinent in open column.
As we entered the agnate, the regiments, in open c.durnn,fired by
companies, which increased his agitation, and he was but partly
composed on taking a seat after the salutation, which he got through
very awkwardly.
The manassin (tribute in token of fealty) being presented, one of
Mama', Generals opened the sober by stating briefly the circum-
stances which led to the army of Ovah being marched into the
district.

Andrian Soul said be had accepted Radama's flag from Comma-
dore Nourse ; he acknowledged allegiance to Radattia, and would
not change.
Rattan's then addressed the Assembly, and said it would be his
care to afford equal protection, and administer justice equally to all
his subjects; he had fully detailed his sentimeuts to the Ambassa-
dors of Andrian Soul, at Majunga ; he was aware that what was
then detailed had been explicitly narrated to the Chieftain . • he ex-
pected all his subjects to obey his commands with exactitude. and
it should be the constant object of his attention to encourage them,
and promote that interests and prosperity in every respect; and,
turning to the soldiers, he said, " Will we not, Antbanyaundras?"
to which a loud " yes" was teturned, and the cobar concluded.
July 22.—At noun I received a letter from Commodore Nourse,
intimating his arrival at Illajunga; and Abdallth being ready to
start for that place' I availed myself of a passage in his boat.
I conversed with him as if I were not against slave dealing; and
speaking of some people engaged in that traffic, anal their late pro-
ceedings, as if well acquainted with such concerns, he was induced
to be very free. He said that he had embarked a good deal of ca-
pital in the exportation, bnt he did not think the exportation trade
very favourable, as he knew but few had made money in it. He
gets a stock of Indian merchandise annually from Surat.
Several slave dealers owe money to Abr.:Allah, but he does not ex-
pect to be paid. Slaves may be purchased at front twenty to thirty
dollars each ; and as the American traders require large supplies of
cattle, he says the importation trade will still be good, as Mozam-
bique' are in demand in the interior, and bring from forty to fifty
head of cattle, though Ovah slaves are nut worth more than from
eight to ten bullocks in their own country.
I asked if Radama had not given any orders about the importa-
tion trade. He replied, " No;" but the orders against exportation
were repeated previous to his departure from Majunga, and he hail
laid a duty of five per cent. on the exports, and two per cent, on all
importation commerce; and, of course, said Abdallah, slaves are
includrd, as he knew that to be our principal commerce.
I asked him what number did he consider as the annual impor.
tation of slaves. Ile said, it varied much. Some years back it was
about three thousand ; linterly, it was sometimes over, sometimes
under two thousand, many of which were exported, and many sold
in exchange for cattle.
July '2s.—Commodore Nourse, reverting to the success of all Ra-
dama's undertakings, recommended him to contipae the system
which he had pursued, and which had led to such happy results;
and he particularly advised Radama to give due consideration to
every circumstance cannected with the advancement of commerce,
as be had already established his power so firmly by hit conquests
and due administration of laws, as well as by the decided superio.
rity which a powerful disciplined army gave him, that he is now
well entitlad to consider and report himself sole master of the island,
in which character he would certainly be authorized to invite peo.
plc of every nation to visit his country on lawful commercial pur-
suits.
replied, that in the early part of his life he was in a state
of darkness; his forefathers, whom it was his duty to look up to
with respect. were entirely unacquainted with the proceedings of
the world, and consequently were incapable of giving such instruc-
tion as could advance hint ; he had, however, by application and
perseverance, got into a path by which, lie was enabled to advance;
the success attending his endeavours was such as sati.fied him that
lie was correct in attributing all lie knew to the lessons he had re-
ceived from the Britian nation and Government ; he was confirmed
in the propriety of his present plans, and he would pursue them
writ increased ardour.
July 26.—Radama got into the Commodore's barge at noon. and
on his arrival on board was saluted with twenty-one guns. Charts,
drawings, and politics were the principal subjects of conversation
until dinner hour, when the band attracted his attention, anti he
was highly delighted on the Commodore proposing to take a few of
his young musicians on board, to receive sonic lessons from the
music-tnaater. The Commodore again reverted to the necessity that
Radama should encourage lawful commercial pursuits to replace the
illicit traffic which is now held in almost general detestation, and
as a proof that it was the decided wish of the English Government
to support Itadaina in his laudable undertakings, he was pleased to
say that he would take a few Madagascar boys on board the
squadron that he commanded, and give them some instruction in
the duty of mariners, as people of that description would be of the
utmost use in advancing what Hatlania had in view for the
lion of his subjects, and the boys on their return would afford their
King much inflormaion relative to the countries they might visit,
and aid him in forwarding commercial pursuits. This favour was
accepted with evident pleasure, and Itaidanta was very desirous to
show that he entertained a due sense of it.
July 27.—During the day there were several applications made
to Badyna for the recovery (Wilda*, and after a little investigation
he found that usurious transactions, particularly in the advancing
of money for the purchase of slaves, were carried on to a great ex-
tent at Majunga, and he ultimately ordered, that all sums of money !I
or merchandise taken up on such account should be refunded with-
out any interest whatever. I brought to his notice what Abdallah
had told me relative to the importation trade ; he said he would
punish the Moor if he detected him circulating false reports. and
to prevect any misunderstanding on the %abject, he directed that
the inhabitants should be assembled, mid his commands &gabe re.
peated to them, that it should be fully explained that he would not
permit either the importation or exportation of slaves.
August 2.—ltailania sent for me at an ear.y hour, and requested
that I would acco npany his officers to Andrian Soul and Itatarats.
fur the purpose of making known most publicly his immediate de-
cision. The orders that he gave were, that he now considered
Bombetok on the saute footing as Oven,
where every person contri-
buted for the use of the government a certain portion ofthe produce
of the Roil, and of all their profits on commercial speculations, and
g t
at
een Thal ke shoi
ti
os aarfit tot
ry,,,
twbhaetrearmtheypseovliiaceh wiserenaolaroofi"Oarrg3dnilDLedfilli:%
um ample protection its all lawful pataaita, and can= tranquil.
