liomoot awl is oseasione. tot what.
ewer had hems the intention of the author
Of it, nothing the, bellemesticould afford a reeteMble
hope. of its repeal, at a time when the oacemities
of the empire sbsolutely
.required ito Icomitumace
as a permanent source of smogs,. The slam plei
might be pot forward for Englund but it em well
known that many of the customs, reigMelly for the
• period of the war, hod been ren petulant.*
since its teresivOisii, sod modes part of the Cosi-
aslideted Food. Parliament meld not, in justice
to the public creditor. tske off the Window Tau,
till another equivalent fond war created for the par
meat of the interest of the Notional Debt. The telf
wtestion was, bow much ought !Miami evottitiiits
.41 the remoras of the empire ? And if the portion
allotted to her at the time of the Daiwa was a fairing, ;
Mr wee now greatly delleieist. The produce of her
*resent taxes was for bejow the charge on bor. The
chergesonsounted to sin millions sod • half; while
her loortme, last year. was bet foe, leaving a de.
tleieoey of million and a half. Hit felt. however.
that it most be the wish of Porlinnent. se to pro:
portion the charge on each country. as would, in
the tmolt... be mow beneficial to all. In that view,
looking to the &Messed sitenties of framed foe the
lost three yam% he thought it trewmaillk the jawie•
and liberality of Paelinneet to acid bet some relief.
tif the Witsdow Irak occonlingh he was prepared to
grout a redemiso. and be woad-very shortly 'aphis
the maw, of his propmitiott fur that perfume—.
noticing oleo the rianpal alterations he proposed
to introduce ender other heads. flat he mast ant
state, that he hail no intention of proposing soy
alteration in the Hearth Tax. From the Window

Tax. which wee neceserily felt to be very severe in
ire preesore, he proposed to make a reduction of
VI per cent. bringing it to what it had been before
the last augmentation ; since which, he was obliged
to allow, there had been a continual falling o 6 in
the proceeds of the tea. That sprang, perhaps.
from the general stagnation in business, which pe-
culiarly effected Ireland—the feeling, in a much
higher degree than this country, the loss occa-
sioned by the want of consumption consequent on
the 'sr. It might seem that so entirely new
manse was more advieshle, hut considering the
fide of that proposed by the Gentleman at the
heed -of the deportment in Ireland, he was
led to believe that se nhatenseut of the tax' as
ahead, existing, would give more general oatiofac-
lino. By the low, so it before stood. no house in
Ireland having less than seven windows paid •
distr. it was now moreover proposed. that io
houses with more thin that number, of which a great
proportion was let in lodgings to peer people, is. •
window only should be eherged, but with the eon-
didon that this indulgence could he granted only
in such cases where the windows were used not only
foelight, bet also the admission of air. Of late
years great additions hod bees made to all the tuxes
on carriages, servants. and all the red. pressing more
peculiarly on the higher orders. the laws impos-
ing them had been looked Optits uaumpt.sry lows
necessary for prohibiting imprudent thew find o•-
tentatiosi. On each of there he now intended ■
greet relief, in the hope that diminishing the
dety on carriages would produce employment for
the manufacturer, and a general ibitement is
the taxes would operate us an inducement to
gentlemen of property, now absentees. to reside
at home. On ill descriptions of carriages there
hail been a great abatement of duty made. but
more pertiCularly on one class, which he might cell
the national one. jaunting-ears. The duty uo
keeping that vehicle. which had been 61. 10s. was
now to be reduced to two' guineas; and be hull
reason to believe that that boon would be received
with the greatest satisfaction. Having given this
short view of the most material alterations, lie would
reserve any thing more till replying to Gentlemen
who alight differ frogs him. He therefore moved—
That It to the oplidess ef this Commune, the the Taxes .
linpiwert by foram Acts of Parliament INS horns, serviita,
carriages, die. do from tieneefeedi male sad determine;
and that the Duties ',wiled la the Module sussed be
sahatitated is hen of tbew.
Sir H. PARNIILL moved an amendment for the
repeal of the Hearth Tax in Ireland. He thought
himself entitled to demand the repeal of that tax.
as a matter of justice. The Acts on the subject
gave Excise officers the power of entering all
the rooms in a house to search for hearths ;
and what an oppressive power that was, it needed
oo welds to Phew. It might be objected, that this
power had been long exercised in Ireland without
complaint. The reason of that, however, was, that
the revenue had been till lately very easily col•
lected. hut litterly it had been foundwecewiarr to
exercise this among other powers most strictly. Few
persons in behind that could not quote instances
in which its exercise had been a room of great
vexation and annoyance. His opinion war, it ought
to be rep-sled altogether, and, in support of
amendment, would beg leave to describe what
poised in King William's time cosier g the same
tax in this country.—[Here the lion. Baronet reed
the message from King William to the House
of Commons in the first year of his reiKii, relative
to the medication se repeal of the Hearth Tax ;
the answer of the Commons, representing it as "
bade, of slavery;" and the second communication
of King William. stating, that he had agreed to
the wishes of the Commons for the repeal].—He
should think it a waste of the time of the House to
attempt to enforce the sentiments of the answer he
had read. It was a very greet instance of consi-
deration in King William to have given op a tax
producing 200,0001. annually. He hoped the SIMS
consideration would now be extended to Ireland.
He would only appall to the justice of the Howse,
trusting that when it had appeared the tax in quits—
lion was an oppressive harden on this countg, and'
suffer " a badge of slavery," they would not it to
continue on the sister country.
The Cnewcect.oa of the Eictixouga raid, that
if the Honourable Baronet wished the House to act
in the same way by Ireland aid England, he ought
to propose a house tax in the former country. It
was true the hearth tax had been abolished in Eng-
land, hut a tax on houses had been introduced in
its place. But he advised the Hoc. Baronet to
acquiesce in the proffered abatement, as more cons
genial to the feelings of the Irish people than any
transfer of the duty to houses. When he had been
in that country last year, every attempt at esta-
blishing the latter tax, in lieu of that on hearth s.
bad been rejected. On this ground he would op.
(woe the Amendment.
Sir H. PARMILLL said, that the house tax was
