RUSSIA AND TCT.ktr:

The last accounts frown Odeon and Baeherest state, that die
long and zealous exertions of Lord Strangfotd are likely so be
crowned with vitereva, the Porte having deterhrined to esms. the
provincea of Moldavia and Welladtta. Ilia bm'dahip's ?Aeon
. .

will thus tie mitigated, but they will not craw at Para h. wilt
need all Ida vitttlanct' penetration, and activity. to Menet row
intrignes, ,which ail, doubtless ere long he hatched in that hot.
Iced of dipion.acy.
The future policy of the European powers towards Turkey nap,
not, at this moment. form an unpleasing speculation.
Sympathy for the injuries and Pull-cringe of the Ortall, tra well
as enthusiasm for the ,success of their raw% nisi 0011 in the
great burly of the people ; by the different Iforeenntents el Europe.
the subject is viewed with the eye of interest alone, end its tweerwi
is only desired or drprvcated, according as it wow*. promos or
retard the sysfetton of policy which regulate their sedans.
France has Pius possessed on extensive and lucrative clentetret
with Turkey she Is her ohltst Christine ally, itud het Minister
has been genteelly treated with high consideration Ely dierettatort
Court. With these atttantages. added to her intnpabllity ttf hew*
titing by any acquisition of territory, derived from • partition of
the Turkish prrovincen. she has viewed all meditated changes in
that upland with thatnist avowed herself the steady friend of the
Sultan in every diplomatic discussion in which the °norm
States were involved, and will probably continue to pursue t.
same line of policy no all forure occasions.
itteatia, on the other hand, is the avowed en my of Turkey.
and her annihilation fns one of the ewer 11114 acts of Hosalan
policy • zet let it not be ihought that berithelre et omit the Turks
rout of Europe originates in • wish to eseebUtit the One:, is

freedom aid Inlepend- mire, on toe sou of west ...eater& Nis; the
motive which actuates lit C is of a very different nature: she iT de-
semis to eject the Soltnn from his throne, in order that she may
~count it herself; she would resew the Greeks from ihogalling
slavery of an infidel barbarian, but with no higher motive dims so
place them under the degraded vassalage of a thriftiest Myer.
The policy which actuates the Ito sign Cabinet is devoid of 41
moral and generous fceling j• is a *ANA, aggrandising, and
liypaeritiad policy, which should be watched and guarded
with the utmost eigil.nce end cannon. The powesidna o.prrn.
stantinople—the erecion of a Greek empire, under the auspices
and government of his own dynasty. has always been a foroartio
project with Aleimnder. Ilithero thia *eject, in the aggeogste.
has bean repelled hut he i. gra/gimpy and impweeptably trawrid
this crest object of his wishes. By te treaty cinashareat,all Urs•
samba and part of Moldavia lose add?d to his alreedy mergrene
dominions; and he only waits foe some favourable emceed ta ono.
some quarrel with the Porte, or some *wend commasios is do
Turkish part of the province, which he well knows base trifosnon.
when, under tlw pretext of to his own donde/wee. and a
friendly desire to settle theanrssensions which he bee himself
created, be will march his mops into the province; as Catbevin•
did into Poland, and the remaimog portico of lloidavia would be
added to the empire. The power of Russia is already top
large to be comistent with the peace and independence of the olver
stres of Europe, and any increase on the sada of Turkey mot
desimy every vestige of a politics] balance among notions; but 4r
the slates oh Europe are so blind as to grant to this coilitioua
power the vitrious objects df its rapaciutis desire, *epaulet and
tmni time to time, while they r,fese them in the aggregate ; ((they
arc determined to raise up a master over themselves, they have only
to pe-sue the sore course of policy which has hitherto guided
them, anti Rhoda will, ere lung, cajole, deceive, and bully them
I out of their ind..pendence.
From her policiesl and geographical position, there Is no power
more interestedln the fate et Turkey than Austria. Every at-
tempt at increase of tentury from the Turkish movinces. by her
' powerful neighbour, should be resisted with ell her energy ; her
points of contact are nlieady too numerous and fierinklable. not so
excite the most lively apprehmsions fur her safety, as well as to
create in the minds of her well-wisher a desire that she should
strengthen herself by the adoption of a more liberal and en.
lightened system of policy, both internal and ettental. Het when.
ever the affairs of Turkey are made the mound of political discus.
sior, Austria i. seized with a rinsteotis deism of self •
ment, which blinds her to her real situation, and the that
threatens ec.engulph loth This disgraceful feature was Maculated
into her policy by the henry" Joseph, who servilely entered into
all the nefarious, partitioning scheme. of Catherioe. against
Turkey, with the Oldid view of obtaining Silesia as the Lubricous
I loilo of his friendship. But a more than leaden dullness must
benumb the faculties of the Austria statesmen of the present day.
if they suppose that !Semis, or any other province that Roma
1.-oold be willing she should poem& could prove an acqubities of
value ; for let Ramie be twice in possession of Moldavia and Wei.
litchis, and she could wrest Sonia front the Austsith into when.
ever she might feel it expedient to de ea. To judge, however. er
the future policy of Austria, front our experience of the pag—re•
collecting that her whole system is rankly accept, sod bad in the
grain. it is probable, notwithstanding she danger of each a eases'.
she will enter into the views of Hues* ebould Menlo be menthed
as the reward of her friendship.
In the present state of the contest, the neutral polity adopted by
England is wise, and founded in sound discretion. Her hosineso
will he to watch with a jealous care the intrigues which ambition
and nrarity may enter into, to foil the schemes of the tolf.ht-
I terested, and to prevent all meddling interference is the otheerno Of
either of the combatants ; in fact, to oborrire a strict aniterality
!herself, and to enforre that observance upon oho% Her isheeweew.
both polities, and commercial. Omitted in the resaltaluty.,
are of greet magnitude and importance. but of bee
views no poser east justly She eamos no idea of imp.
rimer —else desires ao parddesi oaf pemineest and ablinid throws
of des Woke ultiambely hessssph, is shookkbe her-int oth arm
that a constitution and a form of government Inimical *their
wishes he rot imposed upon them. This is a poise of oat keeper.
tome, whether monicker.' Oa political or a enmatereisl manta
view, and is one in which our reighboars. the French, ant equally
interested with ottrolvee ; for both nations would conduct their
trade with much grow advantage other a tariff found by the
o:reeks, es a tree people, than they would by one which=
from the meridian of Vienn •or $l. Petersbnegh. Our
in the Mediterranean has revived within the few lest_yom_ and
although we shall always find Frarce a powerful rival. froth the
local advantageashe possesses, still there are some point" that ism
escaped the attention of both liovemenent and me bona, which it'
fully understood and acted upon, would draw hack so this coma, a
much more coosiderable portion of the commerce of Omar& In
the progress of the contest, Great Britain will of ethos comsat a
tone at once high. decided, and dignified, commossuratt with the
extent of her interests and the justice of muse; ezhibking a
conduct noble, generous, and disinterested, imbued on the received
principles of international law, so ecrupuseesly observed by her on
all occasions, and which entitles her to be regarded as the Indwath
of the best interests of nations, the advocate and steady hisad ref
the freedom and independence of mankind.

Puse or Yottti's Lrrrr.—Yesterliv afternoon. at four
o'clock, the Duke of York held a Levee, as Commander-
' in-Chief, at his o'fee in the Ilorse Guards, whica was at..

tended by Lieutenant-Generals Sir M. N-iebtiesple and
Han, Major-Generals Sir C. Beek worth, Turner, Hep.
burn, Macquarrie, Reynardson, and Sir M. Somers Wt.
rltl/1106A1 lON or Past !AMP:KT.-It is expected that
the prorogation of Parliament will take p!ace about the guth
instant.—Courier.

It is confidently reported, that the present Seamans of
Parliament will he prorogued on Thnraday, the 17th inst.
when his Majesty will, if hearth permirg, go in stale to the
House of Peas, and prorogue the Parliament in person.

—Star.

An Evening Paper of yesterday says--" Under the ex-
pectation that a dissolution of Parliament may shortly take
place, many persons are now canvassing :heir constitueuta.
Chia evening Mr. Harvey giro, a supper at the Three
Cups, (7olchester, to upwards of wo of the freeman of
that place ; and Mr. Baring, the present Member, it in
said, has announced his intention to do the same.'

The announcement of the intended visit of the King an 3
Queen of the Sandwich Islands at Drury-lane Theatre, on
Friday next, from the due notice given, is likely to prom
a bumper to the proprietor. We undewand that the di.
mend for places is beyond any night of the season.

The King and Queen of the Sandwich island% with
their suite, honoured Ale. Clark, of Exeter 'Change, whit a
visit yesterday morning, and appeared highly &lights& in
viewing thecxtensive premises ; but were more partkalsekt
struck with wonder :.td admiration on perceiving the me-
del of a horse, placed in the show-room, richly caparisoned.

A Commission is to he 11,14 l as Camelford, on Theatre
next, for the purpose of making a divition of the estate of
Culloden, between the Earl of Darlington and the iliequis
of Ilertford. It is understood that the Marquis mons*
erect houses on his part of the property forthwith, la or-
der to strengthen his interest in the borough ; so that a
spirited contest, at the next general election, is anticipstod
by those who well know how to turn such mottoes to good
account.—Deromshire freeholder.
Government have granted the sum of 5,0001, towards the
building of St. David's College, at Lamecter.—Gtoscester
JOlO sal.

The Glove re r .F.' r nal says. the Cbar.cdlor of the Sx.-
'chequer has conceded the point to the Principality of
%Vales. to continue the Coal Duties u they now are, for
two additional years.

Tut NI W SCOTCH NOVEL. —The Novel annoweea
omitr the name of the ftedgesuatlet, is said to be more that:
ordinarily interesting. The scene, in the first instance, is
laid in Dumfries-shire, and a Dumfries Provost sod his
worthy ,lottste figure very creditably among the &unlit*
pers,,n.r. Like Galt's hero, the Provost is rather a pawik
gentleman. and yet he suer" himself to be henpecked by
the Lady Mayoress, probably *pow the obi prinetide tlat.
" Nought'. to be woo at wsman's ban'.
Valais ye gie Itereie:tiat.;
Still he has many redeeming about bins, and tbp
character altogether is void to ',amusing, that we kask
tforward with impatience to the publication of dm lob.
~
geux.“ I.—C se- Chronick,
