CIACIIAirBEELJrvs orrrcE,cVTLDHALL.

Yesterday, about foui o'clock, Sir John Stuart.
and Sir Home Popham, arrived at Guildhall, for
The purpose of reetiving the swords voted by the
city of Loudon, for their respective services, the
former on the Plains of Maida, and the latter at
the attack upou BliatmsAynes.—They were received
at the Chamberlain's Office, by the Chamberlain.
and the following Aldermen, &c.
Alderman Shaw, as Lama Tow's, Sir John Lamer, AL*
dermas Flower, Alderman Rowcruft, Alderman Prinsep,
Alderman Hunter, Alderman Bin,dril, Alderman Birch, and
Meoars. James and Samuel Dixon, the Moyer and Seconder
of the Thanks of the Lord Mayor and Corporation.
The CHAMBERLAIN !addressed Sir John Stuart as
follows :

.` Sim lollm STOultT,
" I give you joy; sad in obedience to a unanimous Resole,
tion of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the
City of Lundell, In Commou Council assembled, do give you
thanks fur yew very gallant and heroic conduct et Maids
thereby wowing to the world, that the boasted prowess of
the French crow cannot stand, when fairly tried, before the
tutrepid bravery end steady discipline of British soldiers.
" And as a farther testimony of the high esteem which the
Court entertains of your very meritorious services, I present
to you this Sword.
"Sir, in the present situation of public affairs, it is highly
gratifying to a Brdon to perceive, that the superiority of
British courage and discipline, under the guidance of able
and experienced Commanders, has been gloriously displayed
in almost every region of the habitable globe. Egypt wit-
nessed it under the immortal Abeicrenalimess-India has re-
cently experienced it tinder the conduct of a Lake—sad since
the action on the plains of Maids, the descendants of those
who, led by the Calms, once made a conquest of this island,
will be ready to confers, that nothing can withstand the
courage and discipline of British soldiers, when under the di-
rection of a animmunste General."
The Chamberlain then addressed Sir Home
Popham, as follows
:
"StaHowePorwsw, .
" I give you joy; and in the mime of the Lord Mayor,
Aldermen, and Canards. of the City of London, in
Common Council assembled, rotors you thanks for your
gallant conduct mad inaportant services in the capture of
Buenos Ayres, at owe alisaiag a sew source of commerce to
the manufactivics orGroit Brits* sad depriving her enemy
of one of the richest and most extensive colonies in her pos-
session.
" And by a unanimous :..solution of the said Court, I min
to present to you this sword, as a testis:may of the high
esteem which it eutertains of your very meritorious conduct.
" Sir, when the news arrived of your athievensent in
South America, it MO received by the nation with an Way
of joy ; the artificer saw an Increase of desmad for the pro
ductiou of his ingenuity—the merchant hags la island his
coaatwareol warms, and weryohllowthosyho most ropawoody
exclaimed with the Poet—
Oh stretch thy reign, fair Peace, from shore to shore,
'Till conquest cease, and slavery be an mere;
1111 the freed lailhos, in their astir. grows,
Reap their own halts, sad won their sable lore'.
Peru, awe more, argot 4:ibises behold,
And ether Kokos be heaped with gold. •
" Such, Sir, w ere the detighttlal visions io which this Natio,
indulged, epos the result at a plan suggested by the wisdom
of that groat Illhamma, whom has we deeply feel, ad whose
drath we still deplore; and carried into effect by the promos
of yourself and your gußsat associates is arms
"The scene, it must be confessed, is sow most Lammitably
changed Yet though the Nation has looked in vain for that
extension of commerce, and that diansion of British curiliza-
tion, in the hopes of which she had so badly indulged herself
--she will ever regard the capture of Boma Ayres, both boas
the ability with which it was planned, sad from the arm
and intrepidity with which it was effected, is ao netball worthy
of being recorded lathe brightest page of her history."
"GENTLEMEN,
" You have given ample proofs of your real in the
enure of your country, and of your abilities to reader
it the most essential services; the same noise bas still
farther claims upon your exertions—the foe with whom we
hare to coated has declared his dieteratioat ion to deprive us
of our most valuable rights, sad to sink us below the betel
of an independent lotion; but, I trust, such threats are vela.
" You, Gentlemen, are sensible that what • asthma Ms
ost her honour, she his little else worth pmservins. Too
will tonviuce our ins aerate ramify, that however dosimoas
your country may be to obtain a plant, she can serer be
forced to :crept such a peace m shall either dimiuisb bcr
rights, or tarnish bee glory.'
Sir JOHN &Trutt and Sir Host POPHAM then
severally returned thanks, in short, but appropriate
answers, expressive of their high sense of obligation
to the Corporation of Loudon for the honour done
to them. They promised to use their swords, thus
bestowed upon them, in defence of the rights of
their King and Country ; and after putting on the
swords, they returned to the Mansion House, and
partook of an elegant dinner, pros ided for them by
the Lord Mayor. Sir John Stuart and Sir Home
Popham, both came girded with swords. %'hen
tiley retired to the private parlour, to exchange
them for those presented, they each, severally, said,
while putting them on, Sir llodtE Porn alt—ist This,"
meaning the o:d sword, " was presented to me by
the East India Company." Sir JOIIN STI.JAET—
tt IS ith this I fought on the plains of Maids." The
old swords were confided to the care of the Mar-
siml. Sir Edward Hamilton was present at the
ceremony. The Copies of the Freedoms voted to
these Knights, were sent to Alderman Boydeft's,
to be frsined and glazed. Above tin persona were
present at the dinner, including the Master and
Court of Assistant* of the Kerchaat Tailors'
Coinpani.
