TO THE PROPRIETORS OF EAST INDIA STOCK.
Lintrs AND GENTLEMEN,
If ACING the honour of being recommended to you by
JUL the Directors of the East India Company, as Candidates fur
the Diseadon to be chosen this year, we take the liberty of request.
ing the faroor of your Vote on the day of election, ii'ednuiday,
the 14th of April next
We are, Ladies and Gentlemen,
Your mast obedient and moat humble Servants,
JOSIAS DU PRE ALEXANDER,
ROBERT CAMPBELL
NEIL BENJAMIN EDMONSTONE,
HUGH LINDSAY,
JOHN MORRIS,
JOHN GOLDSBOROVOH RAVENBHAW.
East India House, March 31, MU

EAST INDIA HOUSE. Haien 31,
FINHE COURT of DIRECTORS of the UNITED
1 COMPANY of MERCHANTS of ENGLAND Trading
to the EAST INDIES, do hereby give Notice,
That the Committee of Buying and Warehouses will be ready to
receive Propauds in Writing, scaled up, on or before WM/WE/-
DAT, the 14th April 11124, from such Persons u may be willing to
supply the Company with
PORTIIRE CUTTERS AND CLIPPERS, AND
BULLET 31OULDS ;
and the Conditions of the Contract may be seen on application to
the Clerk of the said Committee, with whom the Pmpoiials must
be left before eleven o'clock in the Forenoon of the said 14th Day of
of April, after which hour the Committee will not receive any
Tender. JOSEPH DART, Secretary.

‘VAITIIMAN, MAYOR.
A C031310N COUNCIL, holden in the Chamber of the Guild-
hall of the City of London, on WEDNESDAY, the 31st day of
March, 1824,
RESOLVED,
TIIAT this Court has learnt with curet that a Bill has
been brought into the Howie of Commons by his Majesty's
Secretary of State for the Home Department, having for its object
to continue for a further period an Act first passed for a temporary
purpose, in the 26111 year of his late Majesty, commonly called the
Alien Act.

That Chia Act, which has always been open to great objection in
principle, as placing many thousand persons resident in this country
within the discretionary power of the Ministers of the Crown, and
depriving them of that full protection from the law, which, before
the passing of this Act, they had enjoyed, has now become still
more objectionable, inasmuch as the reasons on which were founds.
its original enactment and subsequent renewals= ti temporary
sun have have wholly ceased to exist.
Thu the sparing exercise by the Ministers of the Crown of the
powers granted to them by this Act, so far from being a reason for
its renewal, is a =wog argument against the nom= of the
arreawas owl, while this Omen gamily exposes ill • at
Ma_ jisprieds. at dna pima peopeollwa i
aer rratMlihx=
narawmorat, yet it
toad= of an Act so lone '
with split ef
on liable to abuse, may by wrgomonlenthh,
justly considered, prove it to be at once ummisinatny nild mos.

Meat That advantage has been derived to tile OM try Ikon int
former liberal polivy of admitting Aliens to a full participation of
the protection of the Laws, many 'valuable arts, inventions, apd
manufactures having been brought hither by ingenious Foreigners,
who have chosen to r, move their capital and skill out of the reach
of arbitrary power, and to place them under the safeguard of our
free tiovernment.

That the ancient policy of our Government not only gave to
Aliens the inestimable right of Englishmen, that they should be
',erected from punishment without previous trial and conviction by
a Jury, bat it also fenced that right with especial care, by the pro-
vision that that Jury might consist of an equal number of Fo-
reigners; wherear, under the operation of the Alien Act, they are
pxposed to the discretionary exercise of individual authority, and
may be punished to the extent of the ruin of their commercial as
well as other prospects, without appeal to any public or rayon-
xible Tribunal.
That the only ground now assigned for x further continuance of
this Act, makes it more than ever to be deprecated, as a measure
which has the appelrance of countenancing and assisting the un-
warrantable and alarming pretensions of those Sovereigns, who,
under the name of the Holy Alliance, have confederated their
united strength against the independence of nations, and the rights
and liberties of mankind.

That Petitions be presented to both Houses of Parliament, pray-
ing that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.
WOODTHORPE.

Article T. Adininistrati,;;;iti;elndian Government by the
Marquis of Hastings.—ll. Landot's Imaginary Conversations of
Literary Men and Statesmen.-111. Nicol on the Nature and De-
sign of Scripture Sacrillres.-IV. Pride dealt have a Fall. .% Co.
incdv—V. Smyth's Memoir dewriptive of Sicily and its bilands.
—VI. Essai d'une Introduction Critique as Nouveau Testament.
Par J. L. Hug et Cellkrier.—Vll; D.4103te0 to lisico Suolo di
Rana ; !Remora pet Savire she Clink Gdsseastics
dl quests Citta. DI G. Brocchi— 111. Southey's BooF of the
Church.—lX. Captain Parry's Second Voyage.—X. I. Die Pa-
trieier, von Velde. 2. Peter Schlemihl. 3. The Dutcaats—Xl.
1. Memoirs of Ferdinand VII. King of Spain. 2. Pecchio's Anec-
dotes of the Spanish and Portuguese Revolutions. 3. Journal of
Events in Spain during the lest Twelve Alta ths. 4. Bramsen's
Remarks on the North of Spain.—Xll. Lettos to and from Hen-
rietta, Countess of Suffolk, and her second Husband, from 1712 to
1767.—X 111. L. Nouveau Take de la Rage. Par L. F. Trolliet.
2. Monographie sur la Rage. Par A. F. C. de Saint Mania 3.
Recherches sur lea Pustules de la Rage. Par 31. !Regime'. 4. Cas
de Hydrophobic. Par F. 31agendie.—X1 V. Williams's Select
Views in Greece.—XV. Vie de Rossini. Par M. de Stendliall.—
XVI. L'Egypt sous Alihi.med Ali, Oil Apercu Rapide de l'Ad-
ministration Civile et Militaire de ce Pecha—List et New(Publi-
cations. _

WOBURN-PLACE. RUSSELL-SQUARE.
Valuable LEASEHOLD ESTATE. producing a Net Income of
771.15er Annum ; and a
LEASEHOLD HOUSE: Chapel-place, liong-Line, Bermondsey.
By WINSTA h LEV and SONS.
At the Mart, on FRIDAY, April 9, at Twelve,
itVALUABLE and very desirable LEASE lIOL I)
EsT,t TE, offering a most eligible opportunity for invent-
ment ; consisting of a most commodious Residence, situate No. 27,
Woburn-plam, Russell-square, containing ample accommodations I
for a respectable family, in the occupation of John Finch, Esq., I
who has recently agreed for a new lease of diirty-one years, at the
very moderate rent of one hundred and five pounds per annum
held for the remainder of a term of 99 years, whernof 76 years are
unexpired, at a Oround Rent of 211. per annum.
Also, a new-built LE ISEHOLD DWELLING HOUSE,
being No. 7, Chapel-place, Long-lane, Bermondsey ; containing
six Rooms, with Garden ; in the occupation of 111 r. Noble, at WL
per annum; held for 6-1 years, at a ground rent of 71. per annum.
The House in Woburn-plate to be viewed by Tickets only, by
permission of the Tenant, ten days preceding the sale; which,
with printed Particulars, may be had of of Wutatanley and Sons,
Paternoater.row. Particulars also at the Mart.

STOKE NEWINGTON.
CAPITAL aad COMMODIOUS DETACHED, RESI-
DENCE, with Offices, Coach Houses, Stabling, Gsrdeas, and
Tea Acres of Meadow Land,
By W INSTA N LEY and SONS,
At the Mart, on FRIDAY, April 9, at Twelve o'Clccls,
AVALUABLE CO,PYLIOLD ESTATE • consisting
of a most substantial and coMmodious RESIDENCE,
situate in Chnrch-street, Stoke NewingtoN about 3 miles only from
the Royal Exchange, adapted fora large and fespectable Family,
placed at a convenient remove from the Road, from which it is
sceened by a new Plantation of thriirng Shrubs and Evergreens ;
• containing a capital Eating-room, about. 23 feet by In; Drawing-
room, Morning Parlour, handsome Entrance 1411 paved with
marble, principal and secondary Staircases; five Family BO Cham-
bers, two Dressing-rooms, Ladies' Sitting-room, nice secondary
and Servants'. Chamber*, Kitchen, Scullery, Butler's Pantry,
Laundry, Mangling-room, and all suitable Domestic Offices ;
excellent Cellaring, &c.
Spacious Carriage-yard, with double Coach-house, five-stall
Stable, and Harness-room, extensive Lawn and gravelled Walks,
walled Garden, with Green and Hot houses, &c.
Farm and Hick yard, with Cow-house and Outbuildings, and
two Paddocks of rich Meadow Land, the whole containing about
Twelve Acres.

Printed for 0. and W. B. Whittaker, Are Mafia-Lane; and
sold by Waugh and Inns, Edinburgh.

Just published, in 2 vols. royal Bvo. and royal 4to.
PICTURESQUE VIEWS on the SEVERN; from
Original Designs of the late Mr. SAMUEL IRELAND,
Author of Picturesque Views on the Thames, Avon, Medway, and
Wye ; with Illustrations, Historical and TupographicaL
By Mr. BARRAL.
Mr. Ireland's Designs, in number Fitly-two, embrace the Scenery
of the Severn, from the soure., of that river, on Plynlimmon Hill,
and in its progress through the counties f Montgomery, Salop,
Worcester, and Gloucester, till it falls into the Atlantic Sea, at
King Rosa, Bristol. These Views are now submitted to the Pub.
lie, coloured, or on tinted paper, in the first style of lithographic
execution, so as to present perfect fac similia of the original Draw.
ings. The accompanying Text, historically and topographically
illustrative of the Cities, Towns, and Villages—of the Churches,
Castles, Seats, and other distinguished Buildings—which enrich
the natural Scenery of the Severn. has been arranged by Mr. liar.
ral, from the Manuscript Notes of the late Mr. Ireland, taken in
the course of his tour; from the original communications of resi.
dent individuals; and from various other aources of actual survey
and literary research.
Price of the two volumes, in royal Bro. and on tinted paper,
21.125. 6d. ; in royal 4to. with the Plates beautifully coloured, five
guineas.
Those Subscribers who have not completed their Sets are requested
todo so immediately.
Published by G. and W. B. Whittaker, Ave Maria-lane, boa.
don ; and all Booksellers.
This day

To be viewed by Tickets only, which, with printed Particulars,
may be had of Wuistanley and Sons, Paternoster-row; Particulars
also at the Mart.

TOOTING, SURREY.
Valuable FREEHOLD ESTATE, consisting of a respectable
Family Residence, Coach House, Stabling, Gardens, Cottage,
and Paddock, containing upwards of Three Ages.
By WI NSTANLEY and SONS,
At the Mart, on FRIDAY, the 23d instant, at I?,
AVALUABLE and very DESIB4LE FREEHOLD
ESTATE; consisting of a respectable RESIDENCE,
called the WHITE HOUSE, pleasantly situate at a convenient
remove from the Road at Tooting, in the county o( Surrey, about
seven miles froln the Bridges, containing every accommodation for
a genteel family, with coach-house, stabling, barn, cottage, pro-
ductive garden; anal paddock. The whole containing about three
acres and thirty-the perches, in theoccupatiun of Thomas Holmes,
Esq. on lease, which expired at Michaelmas, 1826.
To be viewed ten days preceding the Sale, between the hours or
Eleven and Three, by permission of the Tenant, with Tickets
only, which, with printed Particulars, ma then had of Messrs.
Sweet, Stokes, and Carr, Solicitors, Basin 11-arreet ; and of Win.
stinky and Sons, Paternoster-row ; Particulars also at the Buck's
Head, bittsham ; the Mitre, and the Wheat Sheaf, Tooting; the
White Lion, Streatham; and at the Mart.

is published, to be completed in Twelve Monthly Parts,
price h. each, and each Part embellished with an illustrative
Map or Plate, Part L of the
BIBLICAL CYCLOPAEDIA, and DICTIONARY
LP of the HOLY SCRIPTURES, designed and eminently
with the Snored Writings.
aliffiVWVlClrs:=l4.llleiel.doe Purim* sad
; the theperbiad 0 the pion ; sad
fir
inseatie=ris are ewe ftril:y and
Vibe; -telefleale' Calistreeme. Iseadiarl.
ties of the Jews are explained, land the most striking incidents in
their history detailed ; the sublime and glorious doctrines of
Christianity are clearly stated, and scriptaraliy illustrated: the va-
rious branches of evidence, on which the Divine Authority of the
Bible ruts for is support, are plead is that luminous point of
view which is calculated to dimes like sceptic, and establish the
faith of the Biblical Student.

By WILLIAM JONES,
Author of " The History of the Waldenses," fee. he.
A new Edition, revised, catectsd, and enlarged
London ; Printed for the Author, 6, Lovell's-court, Paternoster!
row, and sold by all the Bookseller.
•.• The First Edition of this Work consisting of two thou.
Nod Copies, met with a very favourable meeption from the Public,
and was noticed with flattering commendations in the leading pub.
lie Journals, as calculated for eminent usefulness to Christians of
all denominations.

Anno Qwinto Georgii IV. Rees.
This day is published, price 19s. boards, or 225. handsomely bound,
the Ninth Edition, greatly Improved, of
GIFFORD'S ENGLISH LAWYER ; or, Ever?
Man his own Lawyer: containing &Summary of the Constt.
tution of England; its LAWS and STATUTES, particularly
those relative to

Arrests Executors and Ad- Alison' and Servant
Bankruptcy ministrators Nuisances
Benefit Societies Guardian and Ward Parent and Child
Bills of Exchange Husband and Wife Parish Oaken
The Clergy Insolvent Debtors Saving. Banks
Distresses Landlord and Tenant Tithes
The Game Laws Libel Wills, to. &c.
Also, THE GRID INA I. LAW OF ENGLAND, aniine-12X
every species of Public (fences, with their Punishments. To
which is added an APPENDIX, containing the most approved
Forms of Agreements, Leases, Wills and Testaments, Notices
between Landlord and Tenant, Contracts, Articles of Copartner-
ship, &c. &c.
Also, A SUPPLEMENT, containing the Insurance Laws,
The Excise Laws, I The Assessed Taies,
The Customs' Laws, 1 The Stamp Duties, &c. &e.
The whole carefully digested from the best Authorities : And the
Statutes and Term Reports brought down to the sth Geo. IV.
The Ninth Edition.

MORTGAGE and ANNUITY OFFICE, No. 17,
Wilmington-ignore, Spa-fields, Clerkenwell, established
for the Advance of Honey, by way of Mortgage or Annuity, to
be secured upon Freehold, Copyhold, Leasehold, or Funded
Property, and for the Purchase and Sale of Estate', Ground
Rana, and Reversions, on fide and equitable terms.
Alonied Persons desirous of increasing their Incomes DT advan-
tageous Investments, will at all times meet with eligible beeurities
for that purpose. free of eitpense.
Letters, containing Proposals (post pald), addressed to the Di-
rector of the Mortgage and Annuity Office, No. 17, Wilmington-
square, Clerkenwell, immediately answered.
Personal attendance at the ()dice from ten till four o'clock.

By Esq.
London: Printed for A. Whether, Mitre-court, Ely-place,
Holborn; and sold by all booksellers in the United Kindgom.
Of whom may be had Gifford's Abstracts of the Acts of 3d
Geo. IV. (1822), price 35.; and of 4tb Oeo. IV. (1828), price
Bs. 6d.

Short Nap EludeßeaverHata:22C -
Ditto Sflk, on Elastic Bodies, 18s.
pITT, 19, Great Russell-street, Covent-garden (from
Coventry-street), continues to manufacture the Elastic
Beaver Hats, universally approved, at 225. and has produced an
Elastic Body to his Silk Hats, at Ws.
J. P. regrets the limited Bounds of Advertisement will not allow
him to express gratitude in appropriate terms to his exalted and
numerous Patrons and Friends, who have condescended to follow
him ; but will briefly assure them no effort shall be wanting to
deserve their favours.

Ladies' Riding Ilses, Beaver Bonnets, Bc.c. Superior Livery
Hats, at 21s.

FREEHOLD ESTATES. MINORU*
By WI NOTANLICY lei 110101, - •
At the Man, on FRIDAY. 23d ink. at IT, in Fear Lots,
VERY desirable FREEHOLD WATER, ccintiiting
of s spacious House and Premises, with Stable, &c. occupy-
ing a very extensive site of ground, situate Na.. 41 and 42, in
Haydon.square, extending to and having a communication with
Sheepy-yard, in the Minories, now unoccupied, and early posses-
sion may be had.
Also, FIVE other MESSUAGF.S ad.koining, being Nos. 43,
44, 46, 411, and 47, In Church-street, a considerable thorough-
fare, being in Haydcm-square, in the several occupations of
Messrs. Wylde, Davis, Ring, (Drove], and' Wood, pan on lease
and pan to yearly tenants, at rents amounting to 1021. 10s. per
annum.

N05.4l and 42 may be viewed 14 days preceding the sale, by
applying on the Premises; and the other tiouses by permission of
Vie respective Tenants.
Printed Particulars may be had of Messrs. Bell and Brodrick,
Solicitors, Bow Church-yard; at the Mart; and of Winatanley

A SMALL COLLECTION OF VALUABLE PA INTI NW.
• BOOKS OF PRINTS, MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, AND
MISCELLANEOUS EFFECTS.

By Mr.
At the Auction Mart, Bartholornew.lane, TO-MORROW,
April 2, and following day, at 12 o'clock.
ASMALLCOLLECTIONof VALUABLE PAINT-
INGS, Ancient and Modern, by esteemed Masters, in
elegant Gilt Frames; a Splendid Collection of Sporting and
Humorous Subjects, by Henry Aiken, 3 vols. • the [Wahl Royal.
3' vols. ; the Stafford Gallery, 2 vols. ; Coltuinei of Various
Nations, 7 vols. &c. 4c. A Finger Organ, with Maimed on the
top; an Horizontal Grand Piano Forte, by Houston, in a Ma-
howny Car; and a ditto, by Clementi end Co. A beautiful
Collection of Minerals,*mgether with a satiety of Miscellaneous
Effects.

To be viewed this day and on the mornings of sale, and cata.
logues had itt the Mart, and of Mr. Williams, Throgmorton-
street.

REGENT-STREET READY-MADE LINEN AND GE-
NERAL OUTFITTING WAREHOUSE.
GR.IIIAM begs leave most respectfully to inform
ir.l • Ladies and Gentlemen, that he is now SELLING a large
Qaantity of READY-MADE LINEN, at the following re-
mlrkably low Prices, viz. :—Calico Shirts, 21. fal. to 3s. ; Long
Coth, 43. to Ss. ; Irish Linen Shirts, 3s. Sd., 45., 65.. Bs., 125.,
to 165.: Ladies' Chemises, 2s, 21. 6d., to 3s. ; Night ditto,
2s. 6d., 3s. lid., to 58. ; Slips, 4s.
Dressing Gowns, 143. Flannel and Cotton Waistcoats, Drawers,
Sheets, Towels, Stockings, Cravats, kc., cheaper than any house
in London, at Graham's, 21.16, Regent-street, opposite Conduit-
street.

N.B.—lrish Linens sold on Commission by the Pieee.

---
N.B.—Supplies, as formerly, at the Factory, No. 9, Surrey
aide Marsh gate, Lambeth. Merchants and Dealers promptly
supplied.

GREAT REDUCTION IN SILKS.
RICH GROS DE NAPLES, 2s. 3d. per Yard.
\ITILLIAMS and CO. 111, OXFORD-STREET,
having been allowed the full reduction of the duty on their
present 20,0001. Stock of the richest Silks of every description, arc
now enabled to offer the whole at such unprecedented) y low Prices,
that Ladies will be convinced by an inspection, that they can now
purchase Silks at little more than half the former ;nice' :-Coloured
Gros de Naples, 2s. 3d. per yard ; the richest made, in every new
colour, from 34. 9d. to 4s. 6d. ; wide Florence Sarcenets, from
2s. sd:to 3s. Id. ; stout Lustriogs, 34. 3d. to 4s. ; rich Silvered
Mantua, bs. to Is. IlkL, usually sold at Ks. Gd ; wide Levantine',
3r. 6d., very rich, 4s. 4d.. the richest madek.from ss. 3d. to fls. 4d.
rich Poplins 184 d. ; real Irish, front 2s. 3d. to 2s. 9d. ; Damask
Napkins, fls. ed. per dozen ; large Breakfast Cloths, 15d. each
fine Damask ditto, 2ld. ; large Damask, 6a. 9d. ; beautiful Din-
ner ditto, 9s. ed. ; double Damask, I Is. Id. to 14a., usually sold at
225.; strong shectings, 6d. per yard, lid. wide,94d., real Rus-
sia, 11d. to lid., ditto, 2i wide, 21. Id., 3 yards wide, without a
seam, 23.4 d. to 3s. worth 4s. ed. ; large Counterpanes, ss. Id.
each ; large Diaper Towels, es. 6d. per dozen ; 50 dozen of fine
Cambric Handkerchiefs, se. fkl. per dozen ; Irish Linen. 9d. per
lard, fine ditto, 114 d. very fine, for gentlemen's wear, 15d. to 21d.;
rish Sheeting'. 14 yard. wide, 114d.' fine ditto, tiom 14d. to led. ;
real Scotch Holland, 2 yards wide, 21. 6d. ; fine Cambric and Ja-
conet Muslin,, 12s. per piece ; wide Furniture Dimity, ed. per
yard ; real India bongclotha, 64d. per yard.
IVILLIAKI and Co. have now sompleted their assortment of
Edinburgh and Norwich Shawls, made expressly for the present
season, which, for variety and extent, is unrivalled in the Me-
tropolis.
N.B. No Patterns cut.
111, Oxfoed.street, corner of Regent-circus.

Q A RSA PA RILLA SYRUP (concentrated). Two ta-
ble spoonfuls of this Preparation are equal to a pint of the De-
coction. It is particularly convenient to persons in the country, or
travellers, as it will keep good for years. It is also an excellent
mode of administering Sarsaparilla to Children, and when diluted,
is much more pleasant than the usual Decoction.
Mr. Fisher introduced this preparation into practice four years
since, and it has met with such 'decided 'approbation from most of
the Physicians and Surgeons of eminence, that many persons are
now vending imitations of it, containing a much greater proportion
of sugar (which causes it to disagree with the stomach), and will
not stand the test of age.
Observe, that " Fisher and Co., 18, Conduit-street, Hanover.
square, London," is printed on the label of each bottle, and that
it can only be had genuine there, and at Mr. Complin's, SI,
Bishopagate-street-N'ithin.

Where also may be had, Compound SARSAPARILLA SY-
RUP, fur making the Compound Decoction.

spoKsEpLEß's STOCK, HOUSEHOLD FURNIS UKE,
' FIXTURES, AM) EFFECTS.
By Mr. WILLIAMS,
Qo the Premises, No. 111, Chearide, on TUESDAY nest,
April 6, and Two following Days, at 11 o'Clock each day,
VART of the RETAIL STOCK, a feti Lots of
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. HOUSE FIXTURES,
e FITTINGS-UP of the Shops, Wareitottses, 4c. the Pro
eaty of Mr. Thomas Tegg, removing to 74, Cbcapsade.
The Miscellaneous and valuable Stock of—Books, among which
will be found the Work. of the most popular Authors in History,
Divinity. Poetry, Voyages, Travels, Natural History, de. au-
To be viewed on Saturday preceding and Mornings of Sale, and
Catalogues had on the Premise", and of Mr. Williams, Throgmor-
-

GLOVES EQUAL TO FRENCH, AND TWENTY PER
• CENT. CHEAPER.

Mr. BRA NDLING HIDES BlLL.presented a petition from the taunt-, .4
South Shields- against the Rides Bill.
Similar petitions were pleoented by Mr. Lushington. front t'
felt-dealers and butchent of Canterbsny ; by Mr. Lamb:no, le) t
the currier, of Gatetby and Barnard Castle; and by Mr. S. 11" G:
Lagar= aw is Yorkshire.
Laid tbe table, and printed.

NEGRO SLAVERY.
Mr. HURST presented a petition from Horsham, prayisg fur
the :'bolition of negro slavery. The /Innourable Get.actrin
then observed, that the petition he presented from the town
which ht. had the honour to represent was signed by upwanlit.
of 200 of its most re-spec:able inhabitants. They had exitress:d
themselves highly satisfied with what the noose had already done.
towards ameliorating the coriditirn cf the West India population.
and they tricstt earnestly entreated the House to persevere in briiip
ing about the end which ass so nuich desircd.
The petition was ordered to lie upon the table, and be printed.
Similar petitions woe presented by Lord. Afihorit, fromWilOarv-
ton, in Northamptonshire; by Lord Stanley, from 30,000 inhaLiit-
ants of nandiester; and by Captain Bastard, from Dar.nioath.—
Laid en the table, and printed.

LICENCE DUTIES.
Mr. DAVENPORT presented a petition from the licensed
'tuallers of Salford, praying for a repeal of the licence duties.
Similar petitions were presented by Mr. timpani, from t,Terta
places in Suffolk ; by Mr. Ltpd.ington, from the licensed
:tuallert of Canterbury • by Mr. Mime Sumner, front those of
St. Mary Magd.drn, lirtnondsey.—Laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Lord STANLEY presented a petition from the licensed vic-
tuallers of Afanchester, against the BilLfor petotitting the sale of
beer by unlkentsect peryons.--Qyderce. to lie on thr, table, and 1.0
1743t.aL

E LAWS.
•
Mr. JA 111F..4 cedepresen petition front several occupiers of land
in the County of Southampton, against the Guile laws Amami.
mint i and angtlicr fgo;n. the Cqunty of Surrey.—Laid on'
the table:
Mr. E. LOCKIIA RT pyesentedo prtilloa front th e notaries pa bliss
of the county of 'Selkirk, twice; th 4 tax. Sid notseiss
Laid on the table.
Colonel O'NEPL rerun*. a petition funk the f s oC.
Belfast, praying to ht.; put on the same tooting as the Engl. free-.
masons, as regarded a.pret societies.--Laid on the table,
ST. THERINE'S LOCKS.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented petition from, dap inhabitant%
of houses in the parish of St. Botolph, in favour of building thek
St. Catherine's Doc:...
Mr. T. WILSON presenteda sintii,ss petition forma committeti
of. London Merchants.
Mr. WIENFELL supported the petition.
Ordt.. to Ile on the table, and to be printed.,
COMBINATION LAWS.
Mr. J. ELLIS presented a petition front the watkilli. 111110"4,
men of Dublin, and its vicinity, praying for a Tepid of *Wean...
binat ion laws.
Similar petitions were preuotsd by Sir R. WILSON .on thS
brava founders of 14'eymouth, the altessuliontif 9/era/A ,
of to
use front the carpenters eiWtl., ••• t
the Commits* ek
tweapbt hi a
=ln the Irish Prerontive Cmirt.Veidef time, a
to be *oda second time 'on Friday next.
VKIRY LAWN. •
Mr. J. ELLIS presented a_petition from the (Mile of Demo,
mace of Dublin, in favour of the Usury Laws Repeal BilL
Sir H. PARNELI. said it was impossible fors Petitipe to twos,
from a more respectable lady of melt, or mta kc.ttr4 able totem atik
opinion op the subject.
Alderman HEVGATE said, he always found the (hint), Lowe
to be disliked by tsit kinds of persons—persons its; the kw, sec.'
those who had Urge dyke's:
Mr.'KIRWAN saidlie should oppose the Rill.
Sir T. LETIIBRIDGE observed, that if the Dug Lim wets,
repeal dd those who had mortgages to a smell &Mount would he
altogeth'erat the mercy of the large capitalists. •
Mr. PIIILLIPS said, he saw no reason wily any distinction
should be inadelatween capital vested in money and capital rural
in land.
Mr. GRENFELL said that, whenever; surrey woo worth hot
than b per rent., capitalists would °idea Ipso, and vice terra.
Mr. T. WILSON thought it unfair to press the subject on eh;
!louse, unless it was desired by the landed prolaiCors-
Mr. D. GILBERT wan assured the riped would be highly.
beneficial to the landed interests.
After a few observations from Nit. svary, Sir T. Lases
matinee, Sir E. KNAT(3IIIVI.,4I4WWWIHLYOATL• ant Mr.
Monica. the petition was read, on the table, Inn) ordered so
be printed.
DUBIAN COAL. LAWS.
Sir H. PARNELL presented a petition Nom the merclianta sot
manufacturers of Dublin, mainst the Dublin coal ant.
After aOm word: from Mr. Eiiis in opposition tae, sad :qr.
Rice in support df the petition, it was o to Ise on the table
and be printed.
Mr. S. RICE presented a similar petitiop from the Chamber et
Commercedf Dublin.—Ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. P. MOORE postponed his motion relative to die cumbiot •
non buys. • •

TN consequence of the gnat improvements in English
GLOVES, and in order to give encouragement to that branch
of Manufacture,
ROBERTSIIAW and COMPANY, of Nos. 99 and 100.
Orford.street, have been induced to offer GLOVES cheaper, and
as good as the Gloves of any country in the World, sacrihang the
greater part of the profit for the benefit of the British Menu-

tial '

HANOVER-SQUARE AN ARGYLL ROOMS.
TH"E indispensable requisites for Carriage and. Eve-
n. ing Costume, the Silk Opera Cloaks, are now on sale in the
greatest variety, at WIIZIAMS and CO.'s, 111, Oxford-street;
who encouraged by the most liberal patronage cif a grist part of
the Nobility and Gentry, beg to asture those Ladles Who have not
yet honoured them with their commands, that their present assort-
ment of the above Articles, so much admired for elegance and real
comfort, eliceeds in richness and splendor any ever offered to the
Public, and will be found in every respect worthy their attention.
WILLIAMS and CO. have now on hand 400, in every new and
fashionable colour, from 3511. to tiss.; and a few made of the richt st
Satins and bevasitines, trimmed and lined with Fur, which, for
their beautiful appearance, outrie every thing hitherto offered to
the fashionable world.
111, Oxford-street, corner of Regent Circus.

A CARD.
TO THOSE AFFLICTED WITH DEAFNESS.
A,l- R. GARDNER, Aurist, with pleasure informs you,
IVI that he has restored some to their hearing that have been
deaf for forty years (and that by scientific treatment, without
Surgical operation). lle has, since the Ilith of February last, so
far restored a Gentleman Deaf and Dumb, as for him to hear any
words without the assistance of a horn, and his Speech, so as to
enable him to articulate twenty-one letters of the Alphabet, and in
a short time he will be perfect in his hearinr. lie is happy to
communicate to you, that hi, discoveries fur e_nnoving Diseases of
the Ear, accompanied with Deafness, has exceeded all others, and
his terms ant liberal—no benefit, no remuneration. By a written
description, those at any distance can obtain the means suitable to
their cue.

All letters to be post paid.—No. 3, Burlington Arcade, Pic-
cadilly, London.

,„„ •
(/ (
"t P
//1 Pet Cent
1 •
;114111F7•" - Aaie
. • lz-0"
1
LONDON APRIL 1, 1824.
9 Price 7d.
ES BY AUCTION.
ft Es IN THE HOPE AND L.
"CS, PORTSMOUTH AND
SONS, At a quart.
at I? o'clock. common,. mom
" ANCE COM- ships' bar, to hear ,
'4Ollll thereon. Slave Piracy Bill, t..
'- Fire and private Bills. The Levi.
•.nseuth lor, the Duke of Montrose.
MESSAGE FR(
Mr. Brogden and several et.,
-Night up the Union Duties' Rep..
MALE CONVICTS
"Wary Male Convicts' Bill w.
'ISTAGE RATES' BM.
Mill was committed, and r.,
"EDN'ESISAY, Mum). 4N,
'ker was suniincirm
-.it given to revert. &;
*amen t !
.1,3
:
1 I
)11
. •
I
•;.

ASSESSED TUE&
Sir E. KNATCH BULL piteous:el 'a petition from the Minima
ants of Woolwich, against the Assessed Tama
A similar petition was presented by WORTLEY, fro"
the inhabitants of Sheffield. The Hoe. Gentleman on& be though s
that the prayer of the petitioners should be *listened to. He hau
invariably supported the Government, and would by no means ask
for anything which could not be granted without injury to thq ;I
Sinking Fund, which he thougitt productive of Minch good ; bur'
he did not conceive it would be the can in the present instance.
Lord MILTON observed, that his opinitia of the Sinking Fund
•
was, that it would be soon given up, gad that his Majesty's Mk*.
tees woad make up their mind', to do so.
After a few words from Mr. al ABERLY, the petition wm or-
dared to lie on the table end be printed. •
Mr. WODEHOUSE 'presented a petition from an occupier of
and in the county of Norfolk, against the duties on ask.
After a few obs•rvations Prom Mr. Elliman and Sot I. Co i'r Tx.
the petition was laid upon the table. LI
Mr. S. RICE presented a petition from the linen manufactures
of 'Dublin, 'peeing that a duty might be afßxed to foreign yam— Laid on the table. •
EMPLOYMENT OF THE LABOURING CLASSY*.
The Bill for the better employment of the labouring classes wit
read a second time to be read a third time on Tuesday neat.
LICENSED I'ICTITALLERS.
Mr. EGERTON prewented a petition from the licensed v
wailers of Monfort!, against the duty on licences.
Ordered to lie on the table.
LINEN BOUNTIES.
1
Mr. HUTCHINSON presented a petition from the Orand .lery
of Tipperary, praying that the duties on coarse linens be left on fee
ten years.—Ordered to lie on the table.
BURIALS IN IRELAND.
Mr. HUTCHINSON held in his hand a petition nn this tubjac.
which he presented with feelings of regret' std' pain, Pl.Pre
ciaßy in the absence of the Right lion. Gentlernan (Mr. Plunkett
who, anticipating no opposition to the Bill, had left the ;month'
this day. The petition was old into his hand since he entered tIM
House; it was s—ned. by two Roman Catholic gentlemen one,
Mr. Devereux or\ l'extonl, it man of fortune and respectability
the other was a Mr. M`Culloch. He had no doubt PS to what
were the intentions of the Government in parsing the nen, and he
would not be doing his duty as an Irish gentleman. if he did not
declare that the empire at large was much irdelual to Loll Wet.
lesley for what he had done to tranquillise Ireland; and he was surf,
if all the good which the Viceroy was anxious for did not follow
from the measures he adopted, it was because he had not the nmas
of carrying into effect those measures which would b• al•ke ber.r
ficiel to Ireland and the empire at large, He had no doubt of t.n.
irtentions of those who introduced the Bill, nor of the wishes be
which they were actuated ; but he feared the operation of the Bill
would not be attended by the desired result. No man wan mere
anxious than he was for the peace and tranquillity of Ireland. and
he thought it a circumstance peculiarly to be deplored, that
measure brought brward and intended for the express wpm of
protecting the embolic's, should be looked upon by them m adding
to the injuries of which they complained. He wobld not be doing
his duty to the Irish government and the public, if he did net ea.
press his sentiments upon the occasion ; the prayer of the pct.
boners was, that the Burial Bill should as pass into a 13w, art
