I
WI!

I

K.

It
1!L

x,~

lt

I*l

SLAVE TRADE.

PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, WEDNESDAY, Fr u. 1&

Counsel concluded their arguments in the Queensberry anises
*is day. at about half.nast three.
The unit) CHANCELLOR observed, that there should be
no more delay in giving judgment in these causes than was neces-
sary for the consideration of them. The agents concerned in them
should be informed when their Lordships were ready to give
judgment.
Lads rAIIOIIIOVOH and Eitsil E took the oaths and their
seats.

---
A person from the Treasury presented accounts and papers, pre-
par in obedience to Acts of Parliament.
Mr. Baoonax brought up the House in Lombard-street Bill
from the House of Cot one t which, en the motion of the Earl
Of SII•FTESOURT, was read a first date.--Adjournal.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, WEDNESDAY, FED.
CRUEL SPORTS.

Mr. MARTIN <fljwa;)opt ;:notlce--that he should more to-
morrow tor a Select Committee, to inquire how far the practice of
Dear-baiting tended to demoralize the community.

COAL 'TI ES.
Sir W. LEMON presented a Petition from Falmouth against the
dunt# on coals.
Similar Petitions were presented by Sir W. Lemon, from the
parish of Deane ; by Sir E. Harvey, from the parish of Denham
and from the town of Barking, in Essex; by Mr. Tremayne,
from Stratton t by Mr. Byng, *Awn the inhabitants of St. Pancras;
by Sir R. t nlborne, from East flirting, Norfolk ; by Mr. Warne,
from Bath ; anti by Sir John Sebright, from Bishop Stortford and
from Clieshunt.
i:ECOVERY OF SMALL DEBTS.
Sir J. SEIM In H T presented a Petition front the inhabitants of
Bishop Stortford, praying the House to adopt the provisions of
Lord Althorp's Bill fur the more easy recovery of small debts.

LICENCES.
Sir M. CHOLMELEY protented a Petition from die inhabi-
Cots of Slazfard against the licence duty.

Dr. LtTSHINGTON, in rising to bring forward the motion of
which he had given notice, to consolidate the Acts relating to the
Abolition of the Gave Trade, did not apprehend that any ob-1
nervations from him would be necessary, as the Bill which he then
asked leave to introduce was of precisely the same nature as that
which had passed the House last Scission. He should therefore
simply content himself with moving for leave to bring it. a Bill to
consolidate the Acts of Parluuncnt relating to slavery in the %Vest'
I ndies.

.rave given.
The House resolved itself into ■ Committee on the various Acts,
after which the House resum,_ll, and the Report was ordered to be
revived to-morrow.

Sir E. lIARVEY prr ented a petition from the parish of Den-
hyvn, in the county of Essex, against the Slate Trade.

- -
RECOVERY OF SMALL DEBT._

..... _ _ ..... _
Lonl A LTHORP rose, in pursuance of the notice he had given,
for leave to bring in a Bill for the more effectual and speedy reco-
very of small debts, and in doing so, he did not conceive that there
was &necessity for him to detain the House by any remarks, as the!
principle of the Bill was the saute as that which was before them,
last Session. The reasons that convinced him of the necessity of
such a Bill were very cogent. The House would recollect that it
appeared from the evidence before the Committee that the law tx •
!lenses entailed on the recover, of debts ever under ltd. were so
great, that it deterred creditors in ninny instances from any attempt
to procure their monev It would also be remembered that a large
proportion of the book debtsof tradesmen was under 101.,and there.
Ore it might be said, that in all these eases there was an absolute
denial of justice. and he had therefore to propose to substitute a
v.ry simple remedy, by appointing assessors to the Sheriff in the
County Courts. The Noble Lord concluded by moving for leave
to bring in a Bill for the more easy recovery of small debts in Eng..
land and Wales.

%Ir. JOHN SMITH, in rising to second the motion. would
locution a fact to the House, that had happened within his own
knowledge. A servant of his was arrested for the sum of 171. litt.
and although the original debt owing from him, was no more than
31. Ss, yet law expenses, to the amount of 111. had been incurred
on this small sum, and for which. added to the debt, be was taken
in execution ; he therefore thought the law in this respect required
alteration; not' he hoped that the motion of his Noble Friend
would net be met by any ohjectiou.
Leave
• lizarernr or PENALTIES BEFORE
.
AIABISTRATES.

ire DAVIES GILISERT to to more for leave to bring in
a Bill for the more effectual recovery of Pentanes before 31igia.
traits, and for facilitating tile execution of Warrant%
Leave given.
11.IN1;RUPT L.%WS.

Mr. WILLIAM 1:111:iiii.:51.11:roSeto submit a motion to
the House, for leave to intnaluce a to consolidate and amend •
the laws relating to bankrupts, and he had no doubt that the
House would agree with him in thinking that some amendment in.
these laws was necessary. Ilia object was to effect a complete con-
solidation and union of them, but be would not now detail the
whole of the alterations he mennt to make, but he would only
state, that it was his intention to repast that part which attached
criminality to a person from his merely being in an unfortunate
state of insolvency; as it should be recollected, that the old laws
always spoke and legislated for him ma for a criminal ; this he
thougnt unjust. Another of the alterations which he should pro.
pose was, that under cerwi a restrictions a man might declare him-
self a bankrupt • as, at the present time man was always sup-
posed to he declared a bankrupt se in;iintn; and it was further
the object of his 11111 to prevent the 11114111.11 of the power that •
creditor had over the affairs of a bankrupt, by vexatiously with-
holding his certificate. There were also many other alterations
contemplated by the Lill which he asked leave to bring in, but he'
would not now occupy the attention of the House by detailing
them.

Mr. J. SJi ITII felt convinced that there was no person within
the walls of that House, more competent to do justice to the mea-
sure then under discussion, titan the llon.Member for Exeter; yet'
from the situation in which he stood, he felt it to be his duty to
make a few remarks on the subject. In the first place then, this was
the very same Bill which he brought forward on a former occasion,
and the circumstance of its being now taken up by the Honourable
Member for Exeter, was an imputation on him (Mr. Smith) that he
did not understand the subject. The main author of this measure
he felt it his bonnden ditty to state was an eminent and respectable
City solicitor, Mr. Freshfield, who, in framing the alterations for
which the lion. Member for Exeter now took the credit, gave his
services gratuitously for more titan two years, and he felt that he
should be guilty of a desertion of his duty if he withheld this in-
formation from the House.

ALL Sergeant ONSLOW Laid, that having been for eighteen
years a Commissioner of Itankrupts, his espaience had convinced
him of the neceasity of consolidating the laws relating to bank-
ruptcy. His principal object, however, in rising: wan not so much
to express hi. sentiments on the question. as to join his testimony
to that of his Honourable Friend (Mr. J. Smith) to the great
mevits of the respeetable Gentleman ( Mr. Freshtield) to whom he
had felt it incumbent to pay his tribute of aptilause.
Mr. ARE RCM /11HY said, if it was the Intention of the Hon.
and Learned Gentleman (Mr. itenirtenan to make any material
alteration in these laws, he would find hi, task one of extreme
difficulty. There was in legislation hardly a more arduous open.
Lion than that of embodying in a new measure the effect of former
decisions, so as to preserve the uniformity of the law in those parts
in which no alteration was intended. He (Mr. A bercromby) agreed
it the principle of the new Act of voluntary bankruptcy, because
it was an approach to the reoslo Nowerum, and the abolition of the
absurd and unjust mode of treating bankruptcy as a criminal of-
fence. The Hon. and Learned Gentleman, however, if he inter.
lewd with thew lass, ought to go the whole length of toially ,
changing their character, and rendering them more eonforniable
Illth the interests of commerce.

Lesee was then given.
TIIE ISLE OF MAN.

Mr. CURWEN then rose to bring forward the motion of which
he had given notrce. respeetirg the fundamental change that had
been made in the Aminirtration of the criminal laws of the Isle of
Man. Thequestion ansnot only oneofgreat importance to that island,
bat of vital importance as it related to the rights of all the islands
under the dominion of his Majesty. The case of complaint by the
inhabitants of the Isle of Man was, that the administration of
that criminal law, as it had been carried on a nee the most remote
antiquity, had been violently and arbitrarily changed by the Go-
vernor, acting by the instructions of the Bight honourable Secre-
tary (Mr. Peel). Whit was the evistitution of this Island? The
Governor, appointed by the Crown. the Attorney-flenetal, two
Deernsters, the Clerk of the Rolls, the High Bailiff; the Bishop. and
the Vicar-Central, fanned the Upper Legedativa Council. There
was another body, called the House of Keys, consisting of
twenty-four members, whose consent was equally neennary to
al:er, amend, or enact laws for the • island, with the appro-
bation of the ('mwn. The House of Keys also formed a Court
the judgments of the Denman., who were the coin-
, of the island. The nimble; court was composed
a, the Roused Keys, and a jury of twelve, whose
legally valid, unless ratified by a certificate signed
then of the House of Keys. This constitution had
retry early date. Its antiquity was beyond the reach
moments. No complaint Karl ever been Mitered
, yet, without the smallest inconvenience being pre-
resulted from thejuriadiction of the House of Keys,
tcd a communication on the 9th of last month in
that its future they would not be allowed to con-
of their ancient jurisdiction. IVhca the House
ore least expected such a me-.sage. his Grace the
tiered the Dingwall Court and declared that it was
to summon them again, as he was directed by his
ament to discontinue their attendance as part of the
. With the same lireath with which the communi-
ale, the Court was dissolved. An application was
Speaker. that en opportunity might be allowed them
with Government. and petition this House before
Stet went alwdir"ed. This was a question in which
lciuse of Keys wet,: careened, but the 40.10141 inks-
they reprcrtmted. No opportunity, however, was al-
-7 of his Grace's speech was brought, but as the
only met at the will and pleasure of the Bevan-
.. not yet been able to take any notice of the
corporate capacity. Undooubtedl► he knew trmetarels-
ore had more weight with the House if it had been
representation proceeding from the House of Keys, t
• he should b. wanting in tlw discharge of his

duty, if, acquainted as be ma with the facts, he failed to bring
them under the consideration of the House. The Criminal Court
would now be formed of the law Judges and Jury only. It was
not improbable, if the first step taken by the first person tried be-
fore this ('ourt would be to demur to the competency of the Court.
What would then be the situation of the Judges ? If they argued
the question, they would find on the one aide the uninterrupted
practice of three or four ventures, according to the records of the
Court ; on the other only the ipso di.rit of the Governor. it, yield-
ing to the force of the argument, the Judges held themselves to be
incompetent to proceed without the Keys, they would place them-
selves in a state of contumely towards the Government, and as they
held their offices only during pleasure, they would of course be dis-
missed. They had not the same security as the Judges of the
land. They might be removed at any hour. without any pub-
lic trial or any reason assigned. One had lately been dis-
missed. Suppose, however, that they should not bold them-
selves to be incompetent, and they should proceed to convict
the prisoner capitally. lie (Mr. Curren) spoke only as an
unlearned man, but haying looked at the decision of lewd Mans-
field, he was clearly of opinion that the Deenisters ought to be in-
Meted for legal murder. (Hear, hear.) This was a grave ques-
tion, not only guard the rights of the Keys, but quwad the rights of
the Crown. A doubt had never been raised se to the rights,
of the Keys, on which they had acted for centuries. He
conceived, therefore, that he had a claim on the Right Hon.
Secretary for the production of his instructions to the Governor,
with a view to raise the general question. The House of Keys had
a right to have the question settled either in this House or in a so-
lemn way before the Judges of the land ; for while it remained in
doubt, it was impossible to know what jurisdiction was lawfully
established. It had been said, by some who ought to have known
better, that this measure was an act of vengeance against the,
House of Keys, for not having been as subservient as they were !
expected to have been. Phis excuse aggravated the evil, and ren-
dered it an attack not on the House of Keys hut on the whole
island; and the Right Hon. Secretary would find himself deceived
if lie supposed it was not considered in that light by the inhabitants
generally. What he (Mr. Curwen) now contended for was, that
some opportunity ought to have been given for the parties to have
been heard in long deekoce. The time was not passed by since the
island was in the hands of a single individual, who appointed all
the officers and selected the juries, who indeed were mostly his
tenants. When the ignorance of jurors in general, and the parti.
cular influence to which these must have been exposed, was cone-
dered, there could be no doubt that at that period the House of
Keys formed a salutary check on the corruption that might other-
wise have ensued. He hoped, therefore, that until the question
was decided in a tonna( and solemn manner, the Governor
would not hold a Dingwall Court, and that the Right lion. Secre-
tary would take steps for putting the whole question in a proper
train for discussion. The ilon.lientleman concluded with moving,
That an bumble address be presented to his Majesty, praying that
he would be graciously pleased to direct to be laid before this
House a copy of the instructions to the Governor of the Isle of
Man, to exclude the House of Keys from their further attendance
at the Witgwall Courts of gaol delivery, according to the ancient
Constitution of the island, which requires a majority of that House
to confirm and sanction the verdict of a Jury; also a copy of the
memorial presented to the Governer, complaining of the injury
arising from the non-residence of the Attorney-General of the
island, together with such answer as may have been given thereto.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said he felt he should have very great
difficulty in meeting the lion. Gentleman on the present occasion,
as he had to contend with him, not only in his capacity of a mem-
ber of this House, but also in his capacity of a Key (hear, hear, and
a laugh), which station he believed the Hon. Gentleman had the
honour of filling: and when he considered the various and by po4
sibility cerdlicting duties the lion. Gentleman had to perform, as
a member of the insular legislature, as well as of this House, sub-
ject to the risk of two calls at the same moment, and unable to de-
ckle which he should obey, he found that the only excuse that could
be offered fur the course the Hon. Gent. had followed that even-
ing. The notice he had given would have led the House to form a
very inaccurate idea of the motion he had brought forward. The
notice was for a copy of the instructions to the Duke of Athol, to
make alteration' in the criminal law of the Isle of 3lan. This
notice would certainly have led the house to suppose that some
arbitrary instructions had been sent to his Grace to alter the state of
the criminal law of the island. But it appeared, from the words of
the motion, that the question to be discussed was, whether the
House of Keys, the popular branch of the Legislature, were en-
titled to sit on the trial of every jury cause in the island, and form
a constituent branch of the cominal court ? If such were the state
of the law, he (Mr. Peci) would still lament the necessity of form-
ing a Court of criminal justice on such principles, and he would
himself have been the grit to give an opportunity of discussing
the question, because he would at once have moved for an Act of
Parliament to abolish the practice. That the popular branch of
the Legislature should sit with and exercise * control over the
juries in criminal cases—that no finding shonld be valid, unless it
was sanctioned by a majority of the popular branch of the Legis-
lature, was an anomaly that could not be too speedily put an end
to, if it existed. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. Gentleman had
assigned as a reason for continuing the House of Kepi,
a constituent part of the criminal ('ourt, that they were the
Judges of Appeal ; but that surely was a reason why they should
not sit in the first instance. Besides, there might be cases into
which political k' ling enteral. Were the House of Keys the fit
persons in such cases Ito control the verdicts of the juries? What-
ever might have been the antiquity of the custom of the island, as
to such a practice, there could be DO doubt as to the propriety of
abolishingA' question of law had arisen, whether the House
of Keys did form a part of the ('ourt of garl delivery. It was
referred to Mr. Clarke, the Recorder of Liverpool, and the
Attorney-General of the island, and he gave it as his decidedle
opinion, that there was no legal custom to warrant the house of
Keys, in forming part of' the court of gaol delivery ; he considered
it perfectly competent, without the aid of the House of Keys, and,
that the verdicts of the juriet would be binding, if found without
their sanction or concurrence. The Governor of the Isle of Man
referred this opinion to him, (Mr. Peel) stating at the same time
the inconvenience of acting upon the custom, especially if it were
not the law of the island. Ile naturally referred it to the ordinary
law officers of the Crown, to whom all the documents on the sub-
ject were also transferred. So far was he from giving any arbi-
trary instructions to the Covert or, that he merely transmitted the
opinion of the King's Attorney and Solicitor General, which was
confirmatory of that given by the Attorney-General of the Island.
He believed the best authorities had been consulted by these
Learned Gentlemen, and they all had no doubt that the House of
Keys was no part of the court of gaol deli% ery. Ile thought the
House would admit that there seas no other mo'r'e for the Secretary
of State to have followed. If the opinions of the lnw officers were
erroneous, the House of Keys might, if they conceived themselves
to be deprived of an ancient usage, appeal to the King in Council.
There was no necessity fora decision of this House, who, he trusted
would leave it to that jurisdiction which was tto decide
upon it. Ile could have no personal gnu"f7:lnorjeencting to the
production of these papers, but he thought he had laid a sufficient
mita:neat:try ground for resisting it. The Honourable Mover
had alluded to an instance of a Judge who had been removed, as he
stated, without any trial or investigation. The farts were, that • '
party in a suit, decided by that Jodge, had imputed to him cor-
rupt motives as the grounds of his decision; and stated suclireasons
for his imputation as led him (Mr. Peel) to dirct the matter to be
referred to the Governor of the Islarui. '(hg titict of the Judge
had been investigated before the Council of OW !island, and the re-
sult was such, as appeared to him sufficient to „arrant the removal
of the Judge from his office. As to the residence of the Attorney.
General, that part of the motion ought to have had • distinct,
notice. It had no necessary connection with the rest. The Isle of
Man required an eminent English lawyer to reside there constantly,',
at a salary of 1001. a-year. (Hear, hear.) The expectation was
extravagant.
Mr. A BERCROMBY said, the exclusion of the House of,
Keys from the criminal Court was certainly a very strong step on!
the part of time Right Hon. Secretary ; and he observed. that the
Right lion. ( ientleman had not met the assertion of the honourable I
Mover, that fora great length of time the House of Keys hail been
in the habit of assisting in the administrntion of the criminal jus-
ticeqf the island.

Mr. Secretary PEEL-1 said that Mr. Clarke had inquired into
the practice of the island, and on that examination founded his'
opinion, that the attendance of the Keys was not necessary.
Mr. A PERC ROMIII*-1 understetal his opinion to have been,
that the practice was illegal.
Mr. Secretary PEEL—His opinion was, that the House of Keys
form no part of the Court of gaol delivery. Ile found, on investi.
gation, that they had been ocauionally referred to by the Governor
in cases of suspected corruption among the Juries ; hut it wax Mr.
Clarke's opinion, that there ass no practice to sanction their claim
of controlling the verdicts of the juries; and that in point of fact,
as well as in point of law, even fifty or sixty years ago they fanned
no pan of the Court.
Mr. ARE HC ROM BY resumed. Uniloabtedly he had under.
stood that the practice was admittetl, but denied to be legal. He
had heard no contradiction of the fact moon:tell by the Hon. Mover
that the practice was very ancient. The Eight lion. Secretary had •
endeavoured to explain it ; and the result was, that there was the •
very doubt which he had admitted to be the proper grcund of legis.
lation. It appeared that the Attorney-(Scree ii of the Wand thought I
the practice had originated in die occasional corruption of junes,
when the Governor had called on the House of Keys to correct the
evil. This statement showed eh. importance of the question. Let
it be remembered that the Isle of Man was a narrow &minty. The
House of Keys asserted their claim to the eletti9e of an manta.
misted right. The practice was nut dented; but the reason assigned
for discontinuing it was a reason which, on the face of ir, clearly
pruned why it ought to be continued. lie agreed with the Hight
lion. Secretary that it plight be an inconvenient practice; but,
supposing it to be clear in law and fact, then arose the material
question, what is to be substituted in lieu of this inconvenient
defence we have taken from the inland ? Aeomdirg to the
statements of the Hight lion. Secretary, the very Judges were at
times so impure and corrupt, that it was necessary to displace
thou, and the groundwork of the opinion of Mr. Clarke wan, that
the Juries had been in the habit of going astray. This was a
strange picture of the administration of Justice, and such a state of,
things might require what appeared to us a strange remedy. (Hoar, i
hour, bear.) Ills objection to the Hight Hon. Secretary's 'stoned_
ing was twofold: fits% that lie did not show, as he ought, that
while he deprived the House of Keys of what they considered their
constitutional right, he gave the island no security for the mashie-
tory administration of justice; secondly, that where the question
was of 'inch vital importance, the Ilouse of Keys ought, in men.
noon fairness, to have had an opportunity of being heard before the
judgment of tine Secretary of State was proootinced. They cons&
tiered it material that they should hare Leen heard, and if they had
been allowed to manifest that fading, the Right lion. Secretary
ought to have said, " If you wish to be heard before the Privy i
Council we will suspend our proceeding till the question is de-
;
tided." As it was, the House of Keys were taken by surprise.
They had only the statement of the Governor, that he had comma.'
initiated witlrthe Attorney-Generals for the island and for the king.
dont, and they were at once cut of from their long-estahlisbed

PRICES OF FOREIGN
Austrian Scrip, 911 1, pr.
Ditto for Acct. 9 I 9 911 34 pr.
Chilian Bonds, 13 2
Ditto for Account /tit 3 10 2
Colonib. Booth, 721 1 11
Do. for Account, 724 4 2 a 11
Danish Bonds,
Ditto Marks Banco, 94402 44
Mex. Seri!). 839 ei 9 #2
4 87i rr
Do. fur Account 921 9 800 84 74
8 71 pr.
Neapolitan Bonds, 221
Ditto for Account ttal,
Portuguese Bonds
DittoScrip.3l b 3 Pr.
Dutch Bonds
Russian kletallic Stock 87

AT :WO O'CLOCK THIS DAY. TWO OUT OF TIIE
SEVEN TWENTY THOUSAND POUND PRIZES WILL
BE DECIDED IN THE FIRST FIVE MINUTES.

Eitt nritiolt aireoo.

The BRIT'S', Pa wee commenced publishing yesterday
morning at half-past Mee o'cioc►.

LONDON. THURSDAY, Fruity4ay 19, 1824.

It appears clear, from •prepared and labnurecl article in
the Joarnal des Debuts of Tuesday, that Ferdinand's De-
cree, affecting to throw open the trade of South America,
took its rise from the suggestions of the French Cabinet,
and is a last effort to conciliate support from a party
in the Colonies, before the slow act of their independence
is extorted by necessity. This impotent decree, the French
Ministerial Paper affects to say, " Detaches the question of
" commercial interests from that of the independence of
" the Colonies ; it places on a distinct basis the interest of
" commercial nations, at the came time that it creates or
" re-unites in the colonies, a numerous party to the Pa-
" rent State." This is all mere froth—words without
any truth or meaning whatever. The cututnercial interests.

of the Colonies have sptung solely from their independence ;
before that period they were fettered by a tyranuic mo-
nopoly : both, therefore, are united, and cannot be severed
11 by any sophistry of the French writer ; nor will this
ri-
diculous Decree create or re-unite, in the Colonies, a nu-
merous, or any party, to the Parent State. The separation is
'now absolute and irrevocable: Spain never can, by any
concession or effort she may now make, recall her parted
authority over her once vast possessions in the New World.
Therefore, though the Journal des Debuts states that
every thing may now be hoped for, we arc persuaded this
annunciation will have no effect whatever: the Colonies
will make no " arrangements," the basis of which is not
an acknowledgment of their independence ; they will treat
on no other terms : their trade is at this moment absolutely
free, with tariffi and duties established by themselves.
Any calculation of additional good will to follow from this
Ikcree is therefore a most mistaken and hopeless one. In
fact, even those Colonies which still continue nominally de-
pendent on Spain,—the Philippines and Cuba,—have, as
the Journal du Commerce remarks, long thrown offal! com-
mercial shackles. In every point of view, therefore, both as
regards her emancipated, and yet dependent Colonies, this
Decree is equally weak and unavailing.—The Eloile has
a letter from Corfu, dated the 6th of last month, stat-
ing that the descent of the Greeks on the island of
Mitylene had been completely successful ; the Christians,
to the number of seven to eight thousand, bad everywhere
hoisted the Cross, and on their approach the infidels were
obliged to take refuge in some forts. The evacuation of
Mitylene by its oppressors was looked to as probable.
Other letters (the same paper adds) state, that the Turkish
garrison of Patras, being informed of the preparations
making to invest that fortress and take it by assault, had
deserted it and retired to Lepanto. The Journal des Debats,
remarking on these important statements, says that the
evacuation of l'atras is doubtless probable; that of the
descent on the Isle of Mitylene it thinks much less so, and
at least premature.—The possession of Patras by the Greeks
would be of great importance: the place is extremely
strong, and a seaport of consequence; it lies in the Mores,
on the skirt of a mountain near the entrance of the Gulf
of Lepanto, fourteen miles south-west of the latter place.
Whether the descent has been made successfully on lli-
tylene or not, it is plain the Greeks are waging everywhere
successful war against their oppressors, and that freedom
is gradually rising all over Greece.

The Came Laws are at length likely, this Session, to be
put upon something like a just and rational footing, and
will probably experience the reform so long and loudly
called for. Mr. Stuart Wortley obtained leave, on Tues-
day night, to bring in a Bill to amend the laws for the
preservation of game, and the lion. Gentleman then stated
its object. His Bill, he said, would make game the pro-
perty of those who were owners of the soil: " his inten-
" tion, however, was, that no persons should kill it but
" those who had licences to do so." This at length is le-
gislating correctly on the subject. Several years have passed
since the present First Minister declared, in his place in the
Upper House, that he thought it impossible for a diversity
of opinion to exist respecting the oppression and real im-
policy of the system on which the game laws subsisted :
the whole, he thought, ought to undergo a diligent and mi-
nute revision, and he believed that the result of such an
inquiry would show that it would be right to make lawful
both the purchase and sale of game. No measure, notwith-
standing. since took place to realise these opinions. Lord
Cranborne'e abortive Bill was brought in last Session,
and until now no attemp• has been really made to put
these oppressive laws on any thing like an equitable footing.
The object and end of this code of proscription is truly
stated in a sensible pamphlet just published by Ridgway
on the subject :—" During the several successive reigns
" (it says) since the year 1541, when the sale of game was
" first declared illegal, law has been tacked to law, statute
" piled upon statute, and penalty added to penalty, in
" order, as it would appear, to prevent the too prevalent
" practice of poaching, by granting to one particular class
" of the community the undisputed and entire mono-
" poly of a luxury, which money will, and always
" ought to procure ; in other words, confirming to lords of
" manors, end persons qualified by real estate, not only the
" shooting, but time s.tual exclusive eating of hares and
" pheasants ; unless at any time it shall seem pleasing to
" the said favoured individuals, out of their great condo-
" scension and esteem, to present some of these same
" animals to a fundholding friend or an unobtrusive trades-
" man." This is a true picture of these enactments. But
the truth is, armee all, that, aristocratic and exclusive as
these laws are, they could not secure a monopoly of game.
While the market was open fur it here and elsewhere,
poaching took place, and it was and is supplied in abun-
dance; the traffic was regular and constant ; the country
dealers who collect poultry purchased the game from the
different gangs of poachers, and sent it by the coaches, with
common poultry and in the seine parcels, to the London
poulterers, who supplied it to their customers and the
public at large. A great deal of game is also privately sold
by the privileged owners in the country, or by their game-
keepers without their knowledge, principally, as the evidence
before a Committee of the House stated, in Norfolk and
Suffolk, the great schools of steel traps and spring guns.
The witm sses examined stated the supply of game in the
London-market to be just as'repdar as that of poultry. The
number of hares and partridges supplied rather exceeded
(they said) that of pheasants ; but any description of game
could be had, and to any amount. With such facts u
. these before the House, how could it sanction Lord Cran-
borne's abortive bill last Session, or not at once put these
oppressive laws on the footing now for the first time pro-
mosed by Mr. Stuart Wortley ? Notwithstanding Mr.
Bankes's Act against buying game, an.l his additional seve-
rities against poachers, not a single head less of game was
sent and sold in the London market. One of the meat ex-
tensive poulterers in this city stated, in his evidence before
the Committee of the House, that this Act did not make'
the slightest difference, and that he never sold a bird less.
For one season, in consequence of a resolution of the poul-
terers not to sell game, and his having been Secretary to
their Committee, he kept no game in his house, though all
his neighbours sold it ; and the consequence, be stated,
was, that he lost his trade, and gave offence to gentlemen,
the very patrons of these laws. The Nobleman's steward,
butler, or cook, required the game for his table. The
conscientious poulterer was, in consequence, obliged either
to give op hie business, or supply himself twin. lie
wisely chose the latter ; and in despite of Mr. Bankes's
Act, sold more game than ever. Another poulterer stated,
that notwithstanding the legal proscription, game could he
had to any amount. Ile wculd undertake (he said) to
supply the whole city of London any fixed day, once a
week, all the year thrommgh, so that every individual inha-
bitant should have game at his table. Ile could procure,
he asserted, if necessary, ten thousand pheasants a week.
Being himself but a petty salesman, he sold comparatively
but a very small quantity ; but he has had about 4,0001
head of game direct from one man, and above 10,000 head

in the. year ; yet his was, he mentioned, a limited trade
compared with others, as he only supplied private families.
Another extensive poulterer declared, that those in his
trade were obliged to aid and abet poachers, because
of the constant demand for game from different cus-
tomers whom they supply with poultry ; and he stated
positively, that he could not carry on his business as
a poulterer if lie refused to supply game, because some
of the first people in the land required it of him.
Mr. Staflbrd, the chief clerk at Bow-street, in his ex-
amination before the House, stated, that he did not
remember a single conviction under Mr. Bankcs's Art,
against buying game, and that no conviction, for more than
twelve months, had taken place at Bow-street. Free a all
these statements, the fact is established, that to prevent
the sale of game is impossible. if game is abundant, and
a demand for it exist, and that a lawful market is proscrib-
ed by law, an illicit trade will immediately take place,
which no increased severity of the laws will be able to ex-
tinguish. Mr. Bankes, the Lycurgus of Corfe-Castle,
who has no notion of any legislation that is not loaded
with pains and penalties, brought in his Bill, by which
the buying a partridge was visited with the severest in-
fliction of the law. But the oppressive Act remained al-
most a dead letter : its own monstrosity was its corrective;
scarcely a single instance could be recollected where an in-
formation under it had been laid, a conviction had, or a
penalty levied ; men's feelings and understandings revolted
at the idea of such legislation ; few informers were to Le
found, and Magistrates shrunk from the infliction of pe-
nalties for such an offence. Snell was the result of the
efforts of the humane and considerate Mr. Bankes, as has
been properly and justly stated in an excellent article written
in the Edinburg-1s Reriew on this subject. It is impossible
to wake the common people respect property in animals,
bred the possessor knows not where, which he cannot
recognise by any mark—which may quit him time next
moment, and which are kept not for his profit, but for
his amusement. Opinion never will be in favour of suck
property, if the " animus furanili" exists, the inclination
will be satisfied by poaching. No good results from snak-
ing the laws severer ; they weaken in place of strengthening
the case. The Game Laws are a striking lesson on the
philosophy of legislation. Mr. Bankes, and his set, ima-
gine that if the evil still exist, there is nothing to be done
but to increase the punishment, and still multiply it,
until their object is accomplished. But these enactments
are defeated by the great force 'mf public opinion: Magis-
trates and juries shrink from convictions--informers
are afraid to come forward—poachers make a des-
perate struggle to prevent apprehension and its conse-
quences, and lives are lost to preserve pheasants; until
at length, as now, public attention is called to the subject,
and the mischief so long existing is remedied. Lord ('ran-
borne's Bill has been utterly ineffective—another branch
only of the legislation of Mr. Bankes. The true remedy
is, to legalize the sale of game, and make it, as Mr. IVortley
proposes, the property of those who are owners of the
i laud. Such is now the law in Scotland and in Ireland,
and, since the Revolution, in France. The Game Laws
have been carried to a pitch of oppression which a dis-
grace to the country : of late years one-fourth of all the
commitments in England have been for offences aping!
these laws. One statute made it penal to sell game;
Mr. Bankerm's Act inflicted the same penalty on those buy-
ing it; night poachers are still liable to be transporied
for seven years; and yet we have it in evidence that
never was so much game sold, poaching so prevalent,
or a more sanguinary resistance constantly taking place
to these laws. A reform is loudly called for, on the
score of justice, public opinion, and common sense; and
we trust, therefore, that Mr.iVortley's Bill will pass in its
present form, and at length give a new feature to these
arbitrary and unavailing statutes.

,
, of appeil (tom the
mon-law Judges r
of the Deemsters, /
• - t adiet was not ley
t' by thirteen memb,
t existed since& ver
' iof the oldest dove/
suc,inat it ; and y,
tended to have Tel.'
that body received
• Dingwall Court, t
. • tinue the exercise ,
. 1 of Keys could has
Duke of Athol eat
not his intention ti
Majesty's Goyim
criminal Court. 1
I' 1 cation was made,
made by the hpeal
to remonstrate wit
i / their ancient right
/ noes only the House
bitsms whom they
lowed. A copy of
[louse of Kaye on
invent, they. had no
into in their corpm
04, t I lion would have hi
introduced by are
\ but he felt that
. „
111." ••.....
