.

I

FOREIGN INTELLIVAICE.
FROJII 'PILE AMIERI:.!AN PAPERS.

New-root, JULY 30.
TO TIIF P: HLIC.

la concegnence rf uLan.ing repots of maligolut cases of
Fever, basing occonevt In this city, the Board of Ilcslth think
it p oper to state, that an unaeu2l degree of health zt present
prevails; end that incase of malignant Fever, so far as they
know, now exist; few ease; of unfavaur-
stble appearance were nh.,tes, d a few days ago; but, the Sick
stele removed to the Marine Nat, loaf, au I every precaution
swat taken to guard egitin:t any fluor evil. The constant ei.
gilance exercised at the QoalJntine estalMeloneut, the inces-

sant attention to the renvoal of nuisances in the (in., and the
/13 mem favourable state of tl+• weather, all eacouragn a reason-
able hope, that the 5e3.1011 pan away without any malig-
nant epidemic. The to their ft 110%.
to give early and en:awl-rid untie of danger, if any
sh••uTd occur.

Hy the unanimous order of the Rood or lle
DR WIT CLINTON, President.
.IINMES IrArr)tr., S:!•,:ietary.
*free e f the 13,1afti of Width,
N. N.York, Jury 27, 1863. .
At Al Niel., lag of the Civil Authority's and tele&
Men of New Haven, July 24,, 1803.
Many exl;g.intted account, of the prevaleitee of a inaiignint
toew tilt 4 c.ty having beets spread in the countr, we think
,ft our duty to %tat that ra op re than toir persons Ili,. died

ties seasnn with a Jeicase, sUpiKacal l• maliseant.
the ',oleic a comm.: state of fart., a ...77k1.; faoott of mg., %y ,I
trs pub shed. Tho pima, of the Ir,riknoi who ii3va died are,
Daily Hood. Samuel Smiley, S.4Call Dixon, and Jerianf-h
Townsend. Sigticd Sy Order,

DAG:;P.TT, Chairman.
A mahitmant fever is said to be prevalent at Pro-
•tvideace (R. I) Fifteen cases are stated to have
. been reported by the Physicians. sod a general re-
moval of the inhabitants recommend-d.
!Yearn informed, that the disorder 'low prevailing
.at New-I-Vl:ten, is claily beaming more alarming.
Some families have removed from the town ; the
LAallege h s been dismissed I the students have re-
tarnect ro their families, and the Supreme Court,
whieb had just commenced its seasi At, has ad-
Iteacral Morena may he simply expeele.l here:
he had engaged his p.r.sago, hrtilre the. departure of
the Cos to 3 Plunte,, on board the ship Urrainalust
„br this port, which was to sail about ten days after.
have it from undoill,tedauthori:y, that accounts
orerecrivesl in this ;.lace by the ship ilme,ra, from
Cadiz, as late as the 2d of lune, scaling, " that the
mission of-Cul. Munroe' and Mr. Pinckney to the
Cour: of Ma:litrAihakl enchtd, and that not being
able.l2briox cite ,Lipahr.i.4 A:ova:l2;4sta to accord on
any oce ether as relates in claims of terri-
tory, sTaliatibsta, or the convention cf August, 1802.
s!r. Mont oe had eemanded hit passport, and was
shoat to leave. Maclr.id iranotsliately, for London.
The dispatthrs ott ti.. autism here gone forward
to eke President, rem Lisboa, and by the Caw
4114.tter to New York." Noe. Her.

New vow(' avo. 3.
A letter from the Mediterranean contains the f01{01404
{01404 agreeable information with respell to our
'operations against the barbariaes of Tripoh.
sad alums, wbo has assumed the command of the
deposed Bashaw's troops, bad marched from Ales-
.' andsia with 6,000 troops, and proceeded as far as
I)ernia. His force continued to augment. The
reigning Bashaw was preparing to meet him. It
was confidently hoped, that th.s enter's! ire, in co.
operation with the attack to be•made by our 'qua-
drams, would terminator in the vindication of the
sights of nature and nations.
AMV.'+ICAN C‘Prlt'l74 tN TRIPOI.I.
A letter from Jonathan Cowdery, Esq. Surgeon,
of the late frigate Phibrb !phis. now a captive in
Yrip-isli. to Dr. Mitchell, dated 24th November,
18n4, says :—" The Bashaw has taken me from the
• prison where my Fellow-Officers are confined. aad
ordered me to attend his sick slaves, who are prin-
cipally Neapolitans, Negroes, and our unfortunate
crew. Some of the latter f this morning saw,
r chained to a cart, loaded with stonrs, which they
were shagging through the town, to repair the for-
tifications. They complain much of hunger, cold,
and hard labour, and the lash of the whip. I con-
fess I never saw any thing that wounded my feel-
ing., equal to the sight of those poor fellows. I
have lihea ty to walk in the town, hut am attended
*by a Turk, who is loaded with weapons of war.
I am not allowed to visit any of the fortifications,
nor any of the foreign Consuls. Captain Bain-
bridge's endeavours to relieve the wants of his crew,
a-e often countermanded by our new masters. Five
of our countrymen have turned Turks, and five have
paid their last debt to nature. Diasrlusa and dy-
renter). have often appeared among oar crew ; but,
on a free use of carbonate of soda (na:ron;, which is
found in abundance, in this country, and often
white-washing the walls of the prison with lime,
where they sleep, it soon disappear. Our crew are
now very healthy.
During the several attacks upon this town, by our
squadron, urder the command of Commodore Pre-
ble, many Twin were killed and wonndeal. and se-
veral men much burned by the explosion of their own
powder. I bad an opportunity of seeing their me-
thod of curing burns in particular, many of %%Lich
extended over the whole body. The BAIII4'4F has
all of his wounded brought to an apartment in the
castle, where he visits them, and makes them a pe-
seta of ten dollars each. Ile then orders his sur-
geons and Mamelukes en dress their wounds ; he
often assists with his own hands. The Mamclukes
are his body guards ; the Marabouts are employed
to expel evil spirits and make in:sat-mina with Ma-
homet, their Prophet, for their recovery. Those
that were burned. were fist anointed with horsey,.
carefully presersing the skin as much as possible,
and kerpir - the - -:posed the a'-

I-

~

slavery, and restore us to our native lAA, that happy
land, the thoughts of which is healing balm to our
souls, in our nuserabie bondage."
I • tioaroaaiam.l4l9.
By talk. Farwell, of the ship Spy. jn fuprteeS
days frorwCnedalotspe, we learn, that the day 'before's,
he sailed, the Governor informed him, that he Was
determined that all Americans which were in future
taken trading to or from Sr. Denting°, should be
put to death, and that cfficial orders to that effal,
would issue the next day.
FROM THE NOUTIC C•KOLINA STATE GAZETTE.
RALEIOII, JULIen.
A respettable correspondent at Wayne Comity,
has seat us the following alarming account of the
condtia of the Negroes in that quarter, and the
proceedings lately held against them. Hie state-
ment is published in the Gentleman's own words.
" DEAR SIR, " Waynesborougli,July
" I take the liberty, from a sense of the danger
which the white people of this state are in, to com-
municate to you, one of the most shocking plots of
the Blacks imaginable. If you think it worthy a
place in your paper, it might serve to put people on
their guard.
" We have been engaged in this county in the try-
ing of Negroes for poisoning the Whites, ever since
Monday last. One suffered death at the stake (was
burned alive) on Saturday last, for poisoning her Mas-
ter and mistress; and two mole are under sentence
of death, "and to be hanged nn Wednesday next.
Thirteen are imprisoned under guard, a part of
whom, from the evidence, I exped, will suffer
death, and we are daily making new discoveries.
Some have been brought from Sampson, others from
Johnston, so that the plot appears to have beeu a
general ore. It is said, by some of the prisoners.
mat the head men are to be subdued; and, after de-
taining a sufficient number in slavery, the balance,
if refraanry, are to be put to death.
" We proceed this morning with the trials, and
God only knows, what the event will be. Six or eight
light horsemen are continually on duty to bring up
charged negrues, besides a strong guard of infautt y
about the prisoners.—What raised the first suspi-
cions in this businions was, the death of one or two
if our respeCtable men."

1 jeltt

_

BAIIAMA ISLANDS.
Hy Ili, rAcellency Chartta Carn n Lsq. Captain-Genera!
a .t 1 Goveritiir-ui-Chief in and f,r the said Wands, and of
the Garrisons there or that may be tilt tl,ithey, Chancellor,.
Vac Admiral and Ordinary of the lam,.
P ROCL AMA nom.

‘VHFREAS, the time limited for admission of Pro•ieiont
and Lumber int., t;ie different rem of this Colony, from the
on the

United States of Anter.ca in For:Oen act,els, expired —.
itli day of July inseam; and Whoresi, it appears neeee.ary
and exped•ent, that the admission °title); Prov ;sinus
_and Lum-
ber front the said Ctbted States an foreign vessel. as aforesaid,
should be allowed for Three Msnths t have therefore thought
fit, by an I with toe advice of flu Majesty's RinouraSte
COUJICa .4 these Inn* to WIN tltiti my Proclamation:
vrritittiug ,yid allowing the importation of Corn, all
sone of Grain, rube, FIJUI, Stead, Rice, aid every
species of Salted PftlViSlollll, Cattle and Live Stock of
all kitab, and all sorts of Lumber, into the Ports of N41411U.
Exuma, Turk's Island, Saint George, and Croaked I.land, a.
well in neutral as British vea-els, for and during the spaee of
three rtitmtlia, coinputed from the date hers..(; and 1 do
hereby give notice, that if any other artieter, except those ism
ticularly above eisumerated, are attmnpusl to be unreduced
from the United States of America, in American booms,
measures will be taken ('n the forfeiture of the ship or tresdiel
i 'Tuning the same, m:11 of the good; sit imported, in mom.
wentiun of the Laws of Nei igation.
Given under easy Hand and S:al of the said Islands, at
Nassau, in the Ishaid of New Providence, this 9th day
of July, in the year of our Loid, One Mouser-1 Ilielst
Hundred and Five, sad it, toe Forty-bah year of Nis
Majesty's rei=n. CHARES CAMERON.
FROM THE Du'rcti PAPERS.
CO.:STANTIROPI.F., JULY 9r).
The Russian Envoy, Count Italinsky, has noti-
fied to the Porte, that some thousands of Russian
troops were again assembled on the shores of the
Black Sea, to embark for Corfu, on hoard of tran-
sports in several division.; ; he hoped, therefore, that .1
those ships would meet with protection andtassiit-
ance, if necessitated to put into any. port of the
Turkish Empire. He further notified to the yorte,
that the Russian troops, in the lonian Island.; ]sere
already become so numerous, that there wit( not
room sufficient for them, and the reinforcements now
sending thither ; therefore, he requested, in the name
of his Ooverornent, that a part of thews m'ght be
placed in Turkish province if that eicii,ity, and, it
is positively asserted, that the Pore has full' et it-
tented to it.
Meanwhile, the Turkish Government has re-
ceived intelligence, that the number of Russian
troops, ready for embarkation, consists of 12 or
11,000 men ; and provision inelready made for their
maintenance j, considerable sums having been re-
mitted from S:. Petersburgh, to several rourchants
at Constantinople, for that puspose.
So many conferences having been held by the
Reis Effendi with the Russian and English En-
voys, it is confidenrly thought,*that the triple al.
fiance between these three Powers is renewed, and
sinually confirmed.

AC:;. ) 1.
Since Baron N'ovosiltsoff's return to this place,
Cie; speak of nothirz but. a war with France ; and
the preparatioas and marches of troops through this
capital and the iseistiLsourhood, give much occasion
thereto.
emus, nec. 31.
The reports of the great probability of a Conti-
wintal War ate continued. It is asserted, that two di-
visions if the army on the coast arc al: eady on their
march • that Marshal Souk ha, set off from 800.
lope fur Strashurgh, and that he will be one of the
Lieutenants of the Emperor ir. the army essemliling
there, which 'rill be contra !laded by the Empern in
person; and lastly, that tiie command in chief of
the army mit:sly is gi yea to Ivlasscria.
miens, SEPT 3.
This morning, Ili, Excellency the Pensionary
opened the Sitting of their High Mightinessiz with
an Address, in which Le, noticing among other alb-

Cpatil

,~

:be crit'cal state of A ff. t r t'.e Cotainent,
(enured to encourage their I Mightinesses.
iling them, in snbvance, til.it things iegingt ti,
ispotreti of yet, but might Wei 'vnitroffarnur.
iisestr,ince for the preservation pea9n the

- • - - - -
TO CORR FSPON DF.NTS.
..„ •
•.• The precore teettporary matter, obliges iit to el,•fot the
hsettion of the artielet which Ile pronti.ed yesteßlAy.

• -0,7,;

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONPQN,
FRIDAY, SYPTPAIREII 13.
We have re'ceivC.l New-Y'oric Papers to the lth
hut. They announce• the breaking out of the yel-
low fever at Newhaven. in Coundlicut, and Pro-
_ vidence, in Rhode Lima. At the former place,
the disorder was making an alarming progress.
Several families had removed from the town ; the
College had been evacuated by the students, who
had returned to their families ; and the Supreme
Court, which had just commenced its Session, had
• adjourned. The civil authority of the place, how-
ever, held a meeting on the t.?t,th July, when they
signed a declaration, stating, that the. rePort was
greatly eaa7gerated, and that only fo'ur persbns,
therein named. had died of the disease: sup-
posed to be the malignant fever. Fifteen cases
were reported by the Physicians at Providence,
and a general rermwal of the inhabitants had

taken place. It was also reported, that this.dread-
ful disease had broken out at New-York, bat the
rumour has been contraditled by ilie-Bnai-SM of
Heaith of that City. In order tq tranq- uillisethe
minds of the inhabitants, they published i notice on
the 2.7 th of July, which states, chat the city was un-
usually healthy; that a few cases of unfavourable
appearances had, indeed, been lately observed,
but that no case of.rnAlignat fever then existed.
Ile Marcie' also issued a Proclamation, on the
26th July, diteBting that all vessels from New
Haven, shall be 5u4i,3 to quaran!ine, and that no
person shall be admitted into the -city or conati of
New York, who had been in New Haven within
fourteen days previous to bis'or'heYarrival at roflw.
Yor k. The Governor of the Bahama Islands 114 s
issued a Proclamation, proliiinting the impnrtlittian,
of all articles from America, provisions,
in any, but British vess..ls. This measure
Appears to have given great offence to the
merchants of the United States. The mission
of Mr hlussos and Mr. Pisciortv to the Court
of :'sladi id, is said to have faded in all its points, and
that Mr. MOPROL demanded his passports on the
21 June, preparatory to his immediate departure
for Lo:idon. —The New York papers also con.,
tain some interesting dtails respefting Tripoli and
the proceedings of the United States for its reduc-
tion.—Mr Earon, the American V.ionsul, is said to
have assumed the command of the troops of th 2 de.
r)scii Bashaw, to the amount with whic:i
ue was marching to attack th plac.. by land, while
the American sqadron co-operated by sea.

Some Dutch Papers to Co-6th, front which ue
have made some extr state, thai these being So
'aecomm-dationia the lonian V,:sarlds, for Any mare
Rausian trnaps, the rolls has consented that
bona
7 of thew, to thi amount of 14,000, may be
landed and gliartere.d in that part of Turkey, nearest
to Corfu. Tvas privilege, added to a free passage
through the Black Sea, tilread, granted to Russian
troop, shewiethat the PonTr reposes the most c;:tire
confidence fit Russia. In the event of A war, it is
said, tlAkki3os A pans e Will tornervmd in permn the
arRVI to penetrate 'tato Austria, and that
hhisstr4 A will have the command in Italy.

_ -
The fallowing interesting letter, is from an intd.
ligent Officer, ia Ceylon. We submit it to our
readers without any comment:—
cOLUMBO, MATCH 3.
" I am concernedlo state, that a dispute 4as taken
place between the General and Court of Judie:nitre.
a fi
it is determined to refer the matter to V.ngl d.
The Puisne Judge (LusitiecT- w) his already
this, on the part of the Clurt ; end Nli.jor 114 PC tow
Jiro
that of the General, is expeCted tago ih a few da 1;
so that you must very soon hear the particulars. It
is thought the Island will be given over to the

piny. With respe& to the war with the Candi4ns,
our troops are envie, but without much success.
Detachments are constantly going up the country
and returning, without doing muse than destroying.
.a few habitations near our territories. Lately, a de-
tachment, wader the command of Capt. Jounsons
fs um liatacaloe, of about VA° strong, by some mis-
take in the orders, gat up to Candia, where he
understood he was to be joined by others,
from different posts on the island ; after staying
there four or five days. his provisions exhausted,
and the expeaed relief not coming. he was obliged
to retreat ; by thls time, the whole Cnndiari force.
• had colleded toußd him, mad atothiplp•bt4L unestam-.
: , ~•

pleltitravery could here savedenlohts:imoafnfdirwott:sel:vs.igte.!.:
stnsh..:eirs,dweaittfiatlcethri:mdeestroying their amens
..
'tnizolPotiliett pieces
slrey
thirdcameas
oitr
! their coolies and baggage. Another •
party is
returne 1,
-who is tee been away about ei:elit dal;.
their intention, I believe, was to have left a pile
pbuurtp
ohsae v. e
irs.eoht:t it
Ircn
r.etendtdaiks:enintsh,, 0
c,l
ande., ,
Roeanella, a piece about thirty miles here;
cortri:npplriessheitilitglirnth;etis;
other hand, took a post from as at 4 • Catono, sae
of the Ceylon regiment having desertei to the en:
my; it was, however, very
•numher of Malays and Gun-Laseats, who sect
made prisoners at the time of the rOerseere
Candy, came over ; the whole of Sheen, ten in rite
bet, have positively sworn, that Major DAs it, t
officer who commanded, and who was stinprise•!:
be killed at the :ime of the massacre, is ahve ; Or
the It: tee h i I made him several presents; an i
says, that he saw him the ~day previous to :
joining us." -
-- - - •- - .
Lord Net :ON yesterday visited the ra::::
Board ; from thence he visited the yielnalling cii.
See ; and-afterwards the Sick and Hurt Office.
• (. W. Kee INC. Esq. left town an Thursday la t
for R,otterd tm, on his way to Madrid, to whee
'place he is :accredited as Cheese des Ajrnifter 111- t:r
CIIIIP3 States of America.
We onderstend, aiivices have been received frre.
India, %s hied) Isrint inteilieence of a few days lee,
date than that brought by the Belie packet.
Colonel H A lAA lIIATOM, it is said, had come en
with Beetredre. SCINDIAH, and obtained a coe-
plete vietory over him. No very late accounts h.l
been received from Ilhurtpore e but it was rum:te-
ed, that' Hot east had abandoned the Bitutere t
.Rea AHe and that the latter's Vakeels were in Ge .-
real Laeg's eimp.
"The jeven, from Bombay, is arrived off P;;.
mouth; and to Ilarnhurgh ; she 31114'd from bh
i Ifelena on thi pth of July, and brinks the accou:t
of the arrival of His M er titer V'S Ship Celeate (wince
sailed from England with sealed orders), in cur.
Luny with a Dutch Inig, her prize. c'
It is sail that the Trident, arrived from Insikeen
nr:erinnt of her bad stare, is to come into 1;140am
Hoar, and there to be paid off.
In consequence of tie arrival at Calcutta of tie
Lew/ie. Freeing on board 4.00,000 doilies, itaitle:
other Perteguese shies, with a considereble via.
itity of specie, an agreeeble sensa ion was excited
among the ship-builders of the port. I- wesorlea
aecertaineJ, that part of the We.t. b Lepertedestas
destined to Ow pereheee of Bengal built al i..4-.For
the Alert, a bargain Is is already been s. Jock: The
eritiont porch ice 70,000 rupees. Neentiadinnlfe•
other vessels are yet ptnding.
The ship .Iderieat Garillsret Captain SA LTwM.:,
OntWalrd-betlild, had artivad at St. Helene prey:, :;
to the 20th of July kw.
The ship /aro; Captain \VAL-Tome. sailed from
Madras on thee 23d of April, and arrived at the
island of St. Helena the 20th of July lee.
Accntents from Canton, dated she 29th of Jar n-
ary lest, state, that the Net year in China Ilea
bum unusually wet. The rain had la 'en in such
tarieats, in zr..my of th.• province , that tae sesiral
occupations ofthe inhabitants had been surenie i.
The silk-worm, in many places. had been destrnyid ;
and the sugar-cane so much injured, that not :note
than halt of the quantity of sugei usually made, could
he manutaetured. Oeium bore an extreme high
price ; indeed, this tinient to be the Caie, toesidere
Mg, that the value of this article, in Cacti:* is
1910 rupees per chest.
The ship tiede'regree. Wesel; r, from Jamaica, is
on shore near Bleckwell. and Intl of waiter.
Th f HaMirt, -, from Liverponl,betind to V •-
gi an'a is on shore near the King's Dock, laverpoa:.
0
An evening paper says, " It is at lens h deter_
milted on, to Institute in inquiry by Court Marti .1
;Inn the condu/t of Admiral Sir Romer CA Lot 44
at, and sub-cqueut to, the battle with the Combined
Fleet, off Ferrol, ins the 2.2.1 of dale. IVe under-
stand, that the pr:ocipal evidence to be adduce I. +c
from the log-book, of the different sites that see e
under Sir Roe kat r CA Loses command at the 4Jurt
period."
Wednesday afternoon, aboat three o'clock, his
Royal Highness the Prince sit WA Les, accompanied
by Major &owes:ern, arrived at Carletnn house
ft enn Weymouth: he slept, on Tueday eveniag, et
Hartford Bridge. We have the satistaetion to 4:14
that his Royal Highness is perfeetiy recovered from
the accident of his uncle, and never appeared us
better health and spirits.
The following paragraph is copied from a Morn-
iag Paper of yesterday : —" There is a jed /Oat row it
afloat, to which a Ministerial cineulanon is given, y.
a; to entitle it to more than ordinary tredenee viz.
"That Mr. PITT intends to make an earl, lender of as
ample part,..pation of DOWER with Mr. Fos, and
his friends ; which will neutrally include the pro.
minent interests of an ' liiturnious PLRSONAGL:
but if this overture should fail, and the measures of
Government meet with any Parliamentary interrue-
titho„nr;uin:
ItahanFtpcpsaiselhoetiLMcr.o_ e), 4
uPplieray,
6.7 hr d
g!
Bernier altfi .:::
sou, the DISOLUTION of FARLI 4 xt. NT."
An attetopt was made in the City, yesterday,
to encourage a belief that Bo ***** TK had marched
the army from Boulogne into the interior, kst their
regret and disappointment,
at seeing all our rick
fleets airive in safety, should produce a mutiny
among the troops; but, that as soon as this spec.
Jade, so offensive to French pride and cupidity, had
passed away, they would be all marched hack 4gain
to Boulogne. We need make no comment upon
this absurd report.
The Llivartk and Star, merchantmen, now lyine
in the London Docks, are Liken up by two met-
chants trailing in British mantifaaures, to go
New South Wales, with a great number of fe•
passengers, who mean to reside there. After e •
charging their cargoes, they will then proceed i e
the whale and fur trade, as far as Nontka Sour
: the fur for China,
highest opinion is enter teirod of the ulcers, cf I: .1
endertetkiwet - - and the oil for England. t't
. • .
.0.41 .. ,-.. i - -

. -
vend keeping the parts exposed to the a:r.• They
then sprinkle the ulcerej parts, if ahy, with a tine
powder of white lead (cernse) ; this is repeated at
short intervals, until a scab is formed, that is
preserved until a cure is accomplished, scui,:h
is remarkably Eom.
" I hope and expen that in doe tame my country
w,ll honourably, and, to the astonishment of barba•
*ism mid quints, liserate us from the chains of
- z's •

Pap
D -
had

Ir INF -"" ‘•," t -
ROYAL F.4.18LY.
WEYMOUTH,et. ll.
Yesterday, as Hit MAJESTY WAS going on band
th,. Royal Yacht, he met Generals C Lira rom and
Sr. J lat. ly returned from the Last-Indies,
ant conve,sed with them for some time.
Soon after the BUS Al. FAMILY'S return to .shore,
they dressed and weut to the Theatre, to see Mr.
BANNiSTER in Afarple, in the Boil Bette, and Pre-
drrick in the Farce of Of el rereo-snorrov. Their M
JESTILS were accompanied by the.Pei...cessioi, tlrc
Dukes of 'loge, CUMBERLAND,
and Sem z, Earl CHESTERTILi.D, Cpunteases
4oraott and It.cutsvcs, Ladies Traystis an I
BULKLEY, Lord• J. THY NNE, Generals Ft rZROY
and CARTWRIGHT, Colonels TA Y LON, 110 Av A SO,
DOUGLAS, STEWARD. Gstvis.r.e, and Mrs. llutpo.
LAS. The house was crowded in every past, and,
.In Mr. BA ANIST A a's entrance, h.-. was recvvred vk ith
enthusia.tic applause. Between the Play and En-
tertainment, he sang a comic song, called, The
brunt! err.
His MAfecr v did not tide early this morning, on
account of some rain falling.
After breakfast, the weather proving fine, His
MAJ EST Y, accompanied by the Princesses Away's A,
Sorra:4, and A SILII A, the Dote, and a nismarotss
train of attendams, took an airing on horse'sack,
through the Camp. Her NI AJ xsrv, and the Prin.
cesse., ELtz4ratsrit and M A RV. attended by the
Countess it cuestea and Ltdy But.ekkv, took an
airing in a sociable.
Attivals at Luce's Hotel--
A,clermait Le Me,arer, Culunel Leth, Mr. Harris, Mr.
Dana•, :•;ir John Barley.
Arrivals at Bath,

I.ocl Uncle, Lord Kilwardan, Lon] Wigtonn, Lady Trances
Mown. Hon. Baron Wolff, Sir John Wondalc, Salem and
I.oly &HI, Sir Dewy' and Lai), l'rescott,Genetal as I Mrs.
Johicon, C loncl Porter, Wooed Msct.arnars, Color ed and
lstr: C turret, Lieut. Colonel 3..1 4. let. 3t.4 Pd's
Atkin, Dr. Hrodertp, Dr. Wthl an, and Of and Mrs. F!,rich.
Arrivals at Ryehope for the bathing season :
Gctd.tn and lamilt, Mrs. 211•1 Mlea Wiskitssme, Mr.
ant M A ttstitt, Mr and 'Ott. thuot. Mr. kin. and Mit.
I,,:hers 011:,.1u51), Mr ant %it'', ist,tscl. JAW, Dun, FA.
Mr. awl MN Hunch q and and Mar Mahal.
. .
All oor Beataselti'lleftesinmt ret•an' to town td.
morrow nisist.iil ,hey with to .see Nature, in her
palest and mod kaptivating form.. Mrs. Joanar,
will open the seanuasatt I.liurklane,.in the chandler
of Peggy. in the Cotswey Gem'.
Most of the Papers ut yesterday, superseded ttfa
Earl of DAs rum:: it, and made the Earl of His.
amoros Lord Chamberlain. They also made his
Lordship commence his new ofsce, by licensing his
own house. as a theatre.
should we attempt a Aral-ire uprm the coast of
France, it may prove a JetiONJ bushiess to BONA..
TARTE.
Lady ilr atrocorE is gone to enliven Tunbridge
Wells with her presence.
The Earl of ST. VINCE'S?. in his nort'aein tour,
visited Melrose and Corby Castle.
The Merquis of 'Esisvissoi an is in perfa bealt.b,
at his seat at Rainham, in N otfolk.
Shrewsbury K,aces will commence on Monday
next, on which. evening the Theatre will open with a
new Comedy. Much company is expeitled.
The Earl of STRATIIVOkr, Sir TIIOSSIIS Lei tar,
Mr. RieusaAtin, and tlr. IlLarsay, on a tour to the
North, have arrived in Edinburgh.
The Hon. mast Httt.. General ICaterra.,
Mr. ItOrt.l:e, and Coisiitel WALSH, have lett Edin-
burgh, for England.
Mr. H. din:Niro:: was to close his engagement
at the Glasgow Theasie, on Wednesday last, in the
rots of Vte St rourr, 41. tester Dagger:oda, and
Walter, for his benefit.
The Duke of Noas ot s; Rave tan elegant dinner
at his seat, Home Lacey, in Herefordshire, on Wed-
nesday last, to the Corporation of l leretord, and the
neighbouring gentlemen.
Sir SypNt.: v SMITH has launched, this week, a
most elegant curricle, from Buitsarm's, Old Bond-
street.
The gaze of Old Boadestreet, at present, is a
most singular gig, on a new constiuction, building
for Mr. BuIIKE, of clas4tng notoriety, with which he
intends astonishing the nai;ves, at the ensuin7
Longlirea Races.

(14
et-

Mi.. HP4lll[l6 IS returned from his tour of the We

of Wight, to o?en his theatrical campaign at Co- '
vent-Carden, o.i Monday.
The earl and Cowaess of Sc ?TON arrived at their
Loose in-Ailington-street, yesterday, front Buck-
itefainshire. His Lordship drove the barouche.
The Earl of ROMNLV came to town on Wednci-
day, from his seat at Moate, Kent, and returns
lilt re this day.
The Nlat,hioness of SALItIII'ItY will entertain a
seleft patty at Hatfield House, on Monday next,
in honour of the Marquis's birth-day, who is in
Suffolk.
Lord Owi oia, we are extremely happy to state,
is nearly convalescent after his very dangerous ill-
ness.

• vi
rig.
r so
gad
If 0•

lot
op-
a.-
IV.

lay.
bed
136:
ricL
tin!.

Colonel Muitaav, from India, and Colonel
Doren-tom, from Ireland, ate at blEacar's I loci.
Mr. and Mts. leirzoi arms will leave Nut° r's
Hotel, on Monday next, for Ireland.
Lauater's Theatre ov.rilowed last night with
elegant company. The music, scenery, and deco-
rations ire beautiful, and the whole performances
received much applause.
The father of Master BETTY has thought it ne-
cessattko contraclia a report, that he had entered
into a nor cn,trad for his sun. We never
beard of the report, but we presume that the sup.
pared bode is Miss Muni e, the female phenomenon,
only semen tientr,o4.
Vice-Admiral Ratting, just arrived from an
right years chief command in the East Indies, is so
esrremely corpulent, that it is with difficulty lie
feeds himself, and he sheers always in an easy chair,
instead of reclining on a bed, to prevent suffocation.
Anntial Veniboi: I%!ast was given on Tues—
day last, in the Town-hall of Kendal. It was at-
tended by Lord LOWTHER. Sir MICHAEL Lc
Bart. and about fifty other gentlemen of
Le IT:in and neigbourhOod,

•
RAI-6 ifTON, SEPTI:Stint 11.
Mr. and Mrs. EGAT had an excellent house ; it
is said, they netted bet nom vett and sorcery
pound:. Mr. Peasea tonniy,lit. for his benefit.
gives The Castle Spare anti I lira Weeks nlar
rive. Miss RATCVI/oltD Will flourish the hro
sw..wel with much effent Miss See gas, as a Saila,
Boy, dar.ces a hornpipe ; and Mr. Neste, mounted
on a ((oar', will speak an address that has received
the sanction of Royalty, at the Weymouth Theatre.
The Steyne to-day has been the scene of much
sport, as well as company. Ladies cn dosdees,
from all 'parts ; barouches and carriages of every de-
scription were in requisition to behold the donkey
rarer, ja:ging, snatch.., and hop ranninz Lit An-
other enj.q't of artt.tllion was, Ent Cs A v EN'S plea-
sure-ho .ts which was opposite Mrs. BUit NAND'S,
houre, and created much interest ; from the exact-
ness of its movements, and the velocity with which
it sails ; bets ran high, and much money was won
and lost. Ent CAA VE!‘ and General GREY, with
the military officers, all attended. About thice
o'clock. the Marquis and Marchioness of lit AND-
Tuft) arrived here in their Phaeton, drawn by four
beautiful greys. We lose Mr. J. Baurerue this
week ; be is called on to resume his professional
duty at Covent-garden.
..reeperne_
DOVER, SEPT. 11.
--wee—ee
A number of passengers (roan the East India
chips still remain here, fur want of a conveyanse to
Loedon. The great number who have arrived
here, and at the adjacent post towel., all alone this
.part of the coast, by the East and West India fleets,
have made the difficulty of procuring cart tent's, al-
_most incredible; four horses here died its conse-
quence of this hard driving, and many more are
quite different animals to what they were a week ago.
. I have just had some conversation with on officer
pf the Bad gun-brig, who is conic from the Downs.
The East India fleet, with their convey, were be-
calmed in the Downs ever since yesterday afternoon,
tali this day, and as he was leaving Deal, a breeze
sprang up, and he observed two or three of them
getting under weigh. Fie further adds, that, for a
great length of time, there has not been known so
many and fine ships lying at one time in the Downs,
and being fleetly a Aead calm, all their canvas was
spread; which made it one niche grandest speA ides
that can he conceived. An order arrived in the
Downs for all the shins there, belonging to our se-
veral sg•tadrons stationed off the opposite part of the
French cast. to repair to their different poets off Ca-
lais, Dunkirk. Boulogne, &c. ; intelligence having
been received, that the various vessels competing
wouderful flotilla at Boulogne. shoichi repeir
to the several ports to which they originellv belong-
ed, the fire favourable opportunity., This they neat
area with a Westerly, or S. W, ,wind, and it now
blaws dint for them ; some gun-brigs, and other
st ips of war, are seen at a distanc.... coming free::
the Deems, steering idire4ly for the French coast, so
that we may exped soon to hear a good account of
them.
-
Ten out of each Company of the Guards, wal lei.e
town on Wednesday next, for Deal, to form part of
the txpesiition:'
Yestersfay, the following Yohmthe; tegimehts
were brigaded in' the pond on Mettle, Hackney, by
General the Earl of• HAIIIIIISICTUM, the Duke of
Bedford's Aniticere, the Loyal Britons, St. Cie-
ment's Dares, the SliadwA, Peplern Rotherliffler,
Mlle-End, Soltalfields, Shorenitc'h, and Waite-
chapel. The Earl of He Bei enema, accompanie.l
by Lord RAT."BURT,. LIMA PETAISSII AM, Getrl'al
/AVM, C.OI(teII.IE4RIP.SO6I. MAIVeI4,I3I.Aqt las He,
and several other Officers, arrived on the grouted at
three o'clock, when the troops, about 1,700 in num-
ber, saluted, passed in review, and afterwards went
through the tiring sad brigade movements, with
precision. At six o'clock, they returned to their
sliffireat drill-grounds, and were dismissed. A nu-
mercer; esseinoiege of genteel spentetors were pre-
sent daring the brigade, and the round was kept
in the most orderly manner, by the Power Hamlets'
Militia.
'Fhe following is an extract of a letter from the
Captain of a vessel belonging to Whitehaven, who
was in the combined fleet, dining the engagement
with Sir HOBART CA LGElt.—li is dated Mt Oporto,
the 1 lth ultimo:—
" we seine at Vigo in the combined Civet the 27th silt.
after having had .44 engagentent off Cape Einin:rre w.in rho
Walsh iiimadinn, when t.zri sail of the French aii.l
ship. received a complete driihhi.,g. *f wii sad of the Spanoli
Are misting, which we minnow are captured.
o Eight of the Ynineli equaihon, by some mementoe of the.
British, segment otf, au'i Itotuest come veto Winn. :The ship
we were on board at, Le Neptune, sti!iered coiwitlerably, as
!vim* At: the ships that were engaged -7-The h reach, after the
engagement, were in very bad spirits, 4114 had the litritiJi haft
it in their power to bring them to aftion the imst dar, I'p/
would Lunn fallen an easy conquests but the hunt;., hal legs
the anther-gage, did not chum to meet them.
We were exchanged at Vigo, on the ':d ion. and rearchinl to
this Noe. How bong we may r-rnain herr, we know not.
r,ere ne conany appointed ter England; :u.r can we herr of
any neutrals—We are, in all, about two liondrei ens loners
here."
At the date of this letter, there were at Oporto,
Captain W ashes, and the crew of the Urania; and
Captain CURIS r lAN, and the C7titV of the Senanieton.
—Captain Dawson, ants the crew of the Ilya,* had
been sent to Guadeloupe; and it was siipposeet that
Captain Dens, and the crew Of the West I.Jous had
been landed there.—These lour vessels belonged to
Whiteheven.
The Chapel helongine to the Parish of St. Giles
in the Fields, situate near Procter Church, being
completed, was consecte,ed yesterday, with all due
solemnity by the Lord Bishop of LONDUT, in the
presence of the Church w ...dens, Trustees, and other
principal inhabitant♦ of the perish. Tbe Burial
Ground, adjoining and belonging ti.o!r.ro, was conse-
crated in June, IMO. His Lweiship was pleased
u. signity his approbation of the neat manner in
which the Chapel was finished and fitted up. with
the appurtenances belonging to it. Indeed, too
much praise cannot be given to those who have had
the direction of the whole of this concern. The
ground is hnlloweirained, to keep it dry, so that
graves can be dug fourteen feet deep. It is laid out
with great propriety, different from most other; ia
and about the incroaolis.
On the same d lv, his Lordship ennseerated the
new Burial Ground of St. Martin's in the Fields,
situated West ref Camden Town.

OF

POLICE.
Woes ii?.STRLLT, SEPT. It
PIUNTERF. ..• •
Tilt zinc. WI Me lajormatien of BELL, V. CRAFT.
Mr. A Leer, on the pert of the Informant, stated,
that this infoemation; which was similar to nee
which had heith lately disposed ef, was brought
against the Def.:cud:int, on the 2;th Clateet of the
39th of the King, to recever the penalty of f:tal. for
printing a c;:rttirt priwr, rurpurtir,g to be the title-
page to a bunk, without printing, thereon, according
to the stria letter ,of the AEI, his name and place of
abode. On the former day, he said, he heal given
up the carte, without SubjeCting the feceigldratee to
the tretihle of expressing their npinior., as he saw
the evidence he had produced, was not sufficiently
strong to cnnvia the Defendant. kri this, cae,
was instruaed to say, no falling off would be expe-
rienced ; and, in that event, there could not be the
smallest doubt, but that the Defendant must be
conviaed. The Learned Counsel then anticipated
the arguments which would be made use of, by lilt
Learned Friend, Mr. Guat.xx (who attended at the
opposite side), relative to the preamble of the Ail,
which runs to this etre& ; —" An All fur the more
effeftually suppressing societies established for sedi-
: firms and treasonable purposes, and for the better
preventing treasonable and seditious praCtices."
tie supposed, he said, it would be urged, that,
from this preamble, the Defendant could not be
iieble to conviaion, unless on the face of the
pap.-11 printed, something treasonable or sedi-
tious appeared; bet such an argument cou'd not
for a moment he supported. He theu cited several
cases to prove, that, whatever might be the pream-
ble of the a'f, the enaaing clause must have its
effea, and recurred to the History of England,
when Sir John' Covenit'y's nose was slit by the
Offieers of the Cktiards for opposing some measure
in the House of commoos, and the subsequent aft
made its eonsequecce of it, the preamble of which
sets forth the reason it was made. Some time after
this, whets a man was tried for :Omuta cutting off
another's arm, it Was offered as argument by the
Counsel for the Dtefendent, that tire t c.,u1,1 not
extend to the cutting of an :arm, :is the preamble
had only stated the slittieg of S:r dirloi Coventry's
none; but the Court at once over-ruled it.
The Learned Gentleman. after meking many other
observations, conchaded a speech of considerable
I.:length. ler saying, that no peieoii could tell whether
a paper did or (aid oot contain treason, as evid ,ntly
',from Layet's case, in, use reign of George the Fiat)
col:am:the commonest complimentary and other notes
pre proved tube overt itas of treason, every worst'
that they vine:titled having a distina, ilifarent, end
t reasonable meaning. He, therefore, t: es convince
hat, on tee evidence being heard, the Defendant
-would be saddled with the penalty.
William Abbot was then sworn, and first exa-
mined by Mr. GURNEY relative to the interest he
might hate in the event of this prosecution ; but
Ire positively denied that he had any dire& interest,
" any c:Pktetion of A reward. He was then et.
amined br Mr. At. hay, and deposed, that he was
a gerylmel. dealer, tiring at No. Tg. Martlet-court,
Bow-street, Covent Garden. He knew the Defend-
ant. who kept a Stationet's shop in Well-street,
Oxford-roaci, and applied to him a few days before
the Fish of June last, to print some title-pages for
him. On the 6th of • June, he received a parcel of
them from him, al the prince?, and paid him three
shillings f9r them. lOn cross examination, he said,
be livt.d bee years in Ma:doe-court, and has the
book to which this title page belongs. When
he :went to the Defendant, he told him he had
a set of those books, and that the title-pages
were defaced ; he, therefore, begged of him to
print him some, and desired him to print them as
much like the typo and paper of the hook as he
could. Ile brought a set of the books with him,
and the title-pages sn them, which wee written on,
but be could not tell how long before that time they
were defaced. Mr. Eglin, of Church-street, Soho,
had employed him, and he did not know, at that
time. that Mr. U. meant to ledge informations
against the Defendant. As soon as he got the title-
p.sges from the Defendant, he gave them to Mr.
E.blin, without. making any mark on them, and
did net see them until a day or two after,
when he heard that Mr. E. meant to inform ;
and, at diet time, he signed his name at the
back of each. On being asked, whether he could
swear positively: that these were the identical papers
he had receive:* from the Defendant ? he said, he be-
lieved they wen, bue could not be positive, as_ they
were out of his possession before he marked them.
The evidence being defeCtive in this point, the De-
fendant was, of course, acquitted ; the Magistrates,
a. on the former day, not having given arty opinion
as to the mealriali of the statute.
Tide KING, ee ,be loArnsatiaa of alit, e. eserreto.
This was an information of the same class,
brought on thesame statute.
Mr. Gutless°, on the part of the Defendant, put
in as a plea in Abateinent, that the Defendant was
not, as stated in the information, John Barfieid, of
the punish of St. Anne, Westminster ; but, John
Barfield, of the parish of St. James's, Westminster,
and, therefore, could not be the per boa meant in the
information.
Mr. Au LEV, on the other side, contended, that
this case did not come under the statute of Her.ry
the VIII. :which, be believed, was the only one on
the subjea of misnomers, and which related to in-
diamen:s, not to informations.
Mr. Gesture said. he did nos mean to plead a Mit.
11011ler, but a direa plea in abatement ; it was, he
said, from motives of respea for the jurisdiaion,
that the Defendant appeared. 'lhe summons hav-
ing by chance come into his hands, he came to say
he was not the person described in the information.
He would suppose, the Defendant had not appeared,
the Court would have granted a warrant against
John Batfielde of the Palish of St. Atele's West-
minster ; and what constable could, by virtue of it,
arrest Join Barfield, of the parish tit St. James's,
Westminster, Under these circumstances, he hoped
the plies woold be allowed.
Mr. Aeseav spoke at length in reply; hut the Ma-
Mstrates expressing a doubt as to the point of law,
r. Aetwt said, he would not press it ; the plea
rhergfor/p allowed to stand, and the Defend.

~1 ~ J

• 'rm., -

, /!‘f

ante. real description was diver, for the ramose of
allt•wing thifilalorioer ,I,p,Atunity of toJiong
traL 1.1“L.,:11131.1011.

sov.ststurr.
mur.DZIL
On Wedn:•••lie nigla. .ihrrut el:ren n'clack. as
Croker, C .;ir .e., ited R. Ifrnbesick, were pa slat
through Hog-line. St. Giles'i, fate* met a mat at
the corner of battonestreet, hoho.square, arias they
suspe'ted to be an. titterer of L. money, and via):
of other Tnal-pralices. The right Mi ps dya la, they
were ma aresnive as to iris person; Cuter, to
ascertain it, wee ;t tie te' him, and enquired the way
to Soho.sottare; His voice, in giving an answer.
convinced.ltini lie was die rue he v2hlc him toile,
and he celled •Isim by the calla., wirerthe.nsaiagava
him such a Violent blow ia his %immesh...gust is
knocked him backwards. The man ran off, :lea the
°dicers plumed •him wi:h the cry of " al.", 'ffill."
Ht. wets smpprd in Charies-street, by Mr.. Burke, an
inhabitant of that neighbourhood. The fellow seal
giving Mr. Burke several' violent blow; And eilea-
vonring to make his eteaee i the officers pronerlr
secured Van, and tarp him to St. Giles's watch-
house, where they searcned, and found upon him a
number of counterfeit seven-shillings piece‘, :al
crowns, and shillings. The officers left the we co-
house, An .1 the Prisonei went to bed.
In a few minutes after the Officers had left
the watch-house, the watch-house-k..eper 101 l rov-
ed them, and begged them to rete‘n, as t*,ere
was a charge of murder brought in. On c:7eir
return, they were informed, a woman pretent.
of the name of azo3et4 Rimer, was ch t:geJ wads
being concerned with a man, in murderng A Gen-
tleman. The Officers, on looking at her, ssid, [hay
had no doubt but the man they had 'O4 g vim
charge of was the man, as she cohalsited who nirn.
They, in cons artence, made the fel.ow anse out of
bed and dress lamseit, and nrought him among the
persons who had come to exhibit the charge against
the woman, when Thames Owen, a boy, ahem.
fifteen years of age, said, lie knee h's person well,
and that his name is Ml:eon. ibis. Also= eleven
o'clock, he was passing through Feathers-court,
Weston's-park, Lincoln's-Inn-6,135, and saw him
in the Court, looking into Eli7ah..th Rime-'• wa-
daws ; and, in abouteight.or tee minium atter, he
saw him beating a man violemly 'n Feathersscout t.
near tl,e door of Elia-bath Rime; The man was
up-,t) the gliiiin i, and the blows mast have been
exisemely violent, as he hear 1 t. ern it a consithr-
able distance. On the Prisone. seer g bias, be •an
off. The deceAsei bled erre ma h fr •m the watt is
he had received on his bead and face 11 r nal con-
veyed to St. Bart'solornew's Hos ital sy some wa -h-
-men and the neighbour:, but w etc t rep got these,
he was found ta he quite lead ; ani t is supposed
he died soon after he was C 4: ri • out 1 the e es, t,
Yesterday, the Prisoners w re Iworsg” b fare
Mr. GRAH • m the sitting Magiarare, when, i , ad-
dition to the above, a Geatleman from the Hospital
attended, and stated, that the deceased died in con-
sequence of the wounds iteittwinses he had received
on his head.
It is suspeeted, that the Prisoner, pins;, 'unposed
the deceased had been visiting the Priain •r, Rimes,
and that leatottly was the cause of the firer.d deed.
The Priv:wets were committed for fury er -xami-
nation. In the course of the evening. tle body was
identified, arid the deceased proved to be a m oter
tinman, fornsetly resident in 11Aliwin-c' urr, Hol-
born. •
INARII.IIORCHniI-STR CET.
A singular charge of robbery was ye-t rrday
made by a Publican, in Hart-street, Bronnis.arry„
against a gentleman of respeetability and fortune, is
the vicinity of Tedford-square.
. A kind of military iratitutain had• been esta-
blished many years, at the puhlic.hoiere, which was
: continued, on the complainant heeomi g I ,ndlord A
few month: ago. A festival was hel i a few even-
ings since, when some misti:!..l.l.4tA-.dillg prevailed
with the viaiialler and the leading members of the
institution, whose devices decorated the room.
The gentleman charged i.i this instance, inti--
mated to the landlord his intention of removing this
institution from the houses and, as a oep towara it,
he would take away the devices of two.stit. 4.4
friends. He did so ; when he was charged with the
Irobbery complained ef. The Magistrate di chic ged
the complaint with '.oolar

It is reported, that Lewd Nstsors was ind •bted.
not merely to Americans, but to some of o tr own
countrymen, for the faise intellivence which sent
him to Trinidad, and retarded his pursuit of the
combined fleets. Some of the latter, it is .aid, are
now in custody.
What an idea of a country's opulence must it
convey to the different nations of the ghoe, *nen
informed, that a single individual h..s exisensied
nearly one hundred tnousand pounds upon
flistary of Englani ; an,i what en ides f
r;ttr public sp tit au] patronage of the /1 to Arts
must it convey to th viri.r4l, whet intorme 4, that,
although a twentieth part .if the people of chic
country do not at present know the remaining
copies of this inestimable Work are to he mspostd
of by way of Lottery, yet that the sale of Tick ta
exceeds all possible espe&ttion ; and there is no
doubt but they will soon advance in price.
hour who will net, when Fortune nee7s,
Hold to her hand the c •in coffe,v,
May well Iltnent, when .ethers
What they've °SIAM.
The golden oppottanity afforded by the prernt
Lottery, of gaining a princely fortune, for 4 small
adventure, is such as none: should wt,ll.Et. This
Lottery, of comparatively a small of Tick-
ets, possesses in great Pr:zes Our Xen Jeri and Thirty
ThAnnad Pound" ! in small Prizes Sine u Ti...ugand
Poland. / ! and gives, for Blink', Thief. Tanu,and
Pomnds ! ! 'Use distribution of those Cap tal Sums
will begin on the 30th of the e•-•
Mr. De Loornaa SOL' RO itts jut fi tished one of
the best' works that ever came t oat his exquisite
pencil. '('his piece, which is very large, reprereits
an old Feudal Castle in Germany, in a retired and
romantic situation. The ruins Fro lucid by film
and negleft, are represented with truth, beauty, aid
grandeur. l'he effeet striking, eyeful, and ink.
pressive. The woody and rocky scenery it all ap!
propriate and piauresque. and powerfully aids the
general charader of the conyoutitul. fu va'y and
relieve the Piece, the ingenious Arm has introduced
a kale of-SW:as, or rather of a kind of taeratid
Bembiti, who follow the German Armies, not to
1 'hare in thrglery, but the plouler of the field.

..
