.Tli E BRITISH-PRES S.
- •
LON DON.
TUESDAY. JULY 24, faith

• t •
,ANIHNTLIHITSTEEN THE TITRES AND THE

• imieseEN IS OF WALLACHIA.

Paris Papers of Friday last have arrived at Our
k office. They contain a great variety of intelligence
respecting the probability of an immediate and in-
evitable rupture between Russia and the Porte, end
offer distinct assurances, so far as strong assertions
. am have any weight, that the Greeks in the south-
evh provinces and in the Archipelsco Ere nobly
proving their title to a glorious independence, by
the rapid progress of their erste against the power
of the Turks. The victory of the Greek fleet over
the Turkish squadron near the island of hlytilene,
seems to be clearly confirmed. Concurrent ac-
counts represent this triumph es most decisive on
the part of the Greeks. The 'reseal power of
Turkey is annihilated, and the Christians now en-
joy the undisputed sovereignty of the Archipelago.
The passage of the Dardanelles is altogether sub-
ject to their power, so that the trade of the capital
of the Turkish empire, so far as it comprises the
• merchandise and vessels of the native subjects of
the Potts, is now wholly confined to the navigation of
the Black Sea. A naval victory so decisive must in-
evitably exercise. salutary influence upon the affairs
'of the Patriots upon the Continent of Greece; but
even previous to this event the Turks seem to have
. been unable to withstand the continued efforts of
their antagonists. Every strong place in Pelopein•
nesus successively yields to the Grecian arms. The
• Ottoman army in Epirus is said to be totally dis-
Persed ; bat the Turks still maintain Prevese and
Pergs, both of which are invested by the Greeks.
There is no event of the war which we shall hail with
sincerer satisfaction Chun the conquest of Pargs from
the Turks, for althorgh that city now contains com-
paratively but few of its ancient inhabitents,yet there
are remembrances connected with its name which
would make us rejoice to see its battlements reliev-
ed from the ignominious presence of the crescent.
Acarnania and Etolia have also revolted from the
dominion of tile Porte. Athens is certainly iu the
hands of the Greeks, so that there seem to be but
• few fortresses throughout the whole extent of those
countries which heretofore gloried in the common
mime of Greece that now remsin to the mice formi-
dable and detestable power of Turkey.

In the midst of these successes we find the
Greeks pursuing steadily one common object, but
as yet we know nothing of any form of government,
any controling authority that has been established
among them. When we ►eed of armies, small in.
tired in every instance, marching against particular
towns, and undertaking the tedious and uncertain
operations of sieges for which undisciplined troops
are wholly incompetent ; when we read also of
fleets, which ceitainly are formidable by their force
and the number of their vessels, concurring also in
one general purpose, we must presume that there
exists somewhere, either in the islands or on the
Continent, an acknowledged supreme power from
which all persons in these fleets and armies consent
to receive instructions.
We lament to find that the condition of the in-
surgents in the northern provinces of the Ottoman
empire offers a melancholy contrast to the glowing
picture of triumph which the southern provinces
exhibit. 111 Wallachia and Moldavia the principle
of opposition to the Porte seems never to have ac-
quired consistency o► strength; the main body of
the people manifestly felt nu interest in the project
of overthrowing the sovereignty of the Ottoman
Porte within the principalities, and whatever
energy might have impelled some of them to this
enterprise was chilled by the frozen aspect of the
great neighbouring Powers. But, in fact, the in-
habitants of Wallachia and Moldavia never exile•
rienced the same bitterness of slavery that was
felt by the inhabitants of Greece ; and to this dif-
ference in the political condition of the people can
it alone be attributed, that while one part of the
empire glows with ■n irresistible enthusiasm in the
cause of freedom► the other views► with appalling
indifference, the struggle that is maintained else-
where. There is, we fear, very link doubt that
YPSILANTI'S army is effectually dispersed, and
that the unfortunate Prince is a fugitive, without
friends or adherents. Hopes have been very• gene•
rally entertained that the insults offered to the
Russian Ambassador, the cruel massacres of the
Christians in Constantinople, and in particular the
murder of DANES!, the banker of the Russian
Legation, in despite of the earnest intercessions
and solicitations of Baron STROGONOFF, had de•
terransed the Cabinet of St. Petersburgh to inflict
chastisement on the Barbarians, and we find in
some accounts that the Russian army or. the
Turkish frontiers had been considerably reinforced,
and that the troops were looking anxiously for per.
mission to assist their persecuted fellow-Chris.
tiaras. An ankle of intelligence from Vital*,
