IA ECON CI IrCU IT.

•

The Honourable George Harding..
Atael Moymy, Esq.
Cardiff—Tuesday, March 24.
precru fueolay, March 31.
Predieigne-o f ussdan April 7.
CHESFER CIRCUIT.
kobert Delhi>, EN.
Francis Burton, E.‘q.
Montgnmeryihire—Thursday, March at Pool.
Denbighshire-Wednesday, Aiuil t, at ktuthol.
Fliotshire--Tuimlay, April 7, at Mold.
Cogitate—Monday, Apia 13, at the Castle of Chester.
NORTH WALES SPRING CIRCUIT, 11107.
Hush Ltyc,ster, laq.
Thomas Musser, Esq.
hferiemethshire—Thlimlay, Arra 7, at Sala.
Carstamonsolre--Wellnestlay, Aped t, at Camarvon.
Anglesey—Tutmlay, Match 26, at Be mataris.
A "co.-The F.sighso Circuits have been already given in Taw
Btlilita Pawls, with the oirtivvion of the Awns of Hunting-
dun, which n fixed loor 7th March, and Cambridge the 10th.

The following is a statement of the distribution of
nor Naval Force, up to this day:—At sea, eighty-six
sail of the line ; seven ships from 50 to 44 guns; 115
frigates, 152 sloops, and 1132 gun-brigs and smaller
vessels, making a total of 542 ships of war. The
number in commission is, 135 sail of the line, 13
from SO to 44 guns, 115 fiigates, 152 sloops, &c.
and 132 gun-brigs, making a total at sea and re-
pairing, 733.
An Inquisition was talcon, on Friday evening, at
a public house leading from Hindon-hill to Ux-
bridge, on the body of Jams' RICHAItD SANDLIIIS,
Esq. who met his death by the bursting of a gun on
Thursday last. The deceased. who was extremely
fond of the diversion of shooting, was pralbsing at
pigeons. in a meadow not far from his own residence,
preparatory to a match taking place between him and
a Mr. 6'nm:iamb, when the fatal accident betel him.
He has left an amiabk wife and several childsen.•—
leeidcaMi Geate.

rte;

•
•
LORD SOMER VILLA'S CitTLE UMW:
began to arrive at 6adlMis R. pociti,
n Griffinfil-street, which are to be t.iere e4..11.0tt4 .
this day and to-nsorroliro as Candidates for tlmi4Pi %mg
oistrioricall, offered br 1..0rd S inerville, 4 .r eirc.ru
raging early and economically fatterd,ig of boi -
mats, and other objeds ei4 imponant. Abisqt
dusk in the evening, we learned,. thet rile.) had ar-
rived, beluoging
Lo-d Viscount Sackeille 5; Major Woodpta John
Conyers 1; William Coles 2; J•liti W -mar 3; ti my
jun. 1; Samuel C.sand's-• 2; Jahn Tenet ; W It ,r 1 j
M.. and Mr Lamb 4.
Cows and Heifer belonging to, Lord Se never, 1, ...us
Ital,an heiforj•' Lewd Briybeuok.ll; Lort Wii ism !( .41 t;
John Weetcar2; .re K •is, jun 1; Kohn? T bbi
Jo,' ua Trimmer 1; Mr Laus 2 ; an.. the Rceerer.4 Mr. .
Toner, 1.
A BuS Warming:a !oho C sayers, Eq.
Merino, or IC.,A h •••..gi tg to, Lord Sumettille
10 rams ; and Mr Beckenham tra , and 1 as,.
Fat Weiher Sheep, tiebing..sg to, Lord Somerville 5; C.d.
Montague Burgoyne 12; Chutes C We tri.4 .5; f Stomas
Purdy 5 ; and Mr. Mnnkton 5,
A Rani, beioilging to, Sir Thema* Can
Ewe-Hogs, belonging to, Lord Se...:vire 3; Lord Lay-
brooks, 5; Sir Thomas Can 5; Col. Moi,.tague B . rue p;
Chalice C. Weiteen 5; Wi. tarn Rutteiotati 5; 1.11,,,u•..
dy 5; Finch Hatton 5; Mr. Beckenham 6; Mr. Fame :..4
5 ' • and Mr 52aSy 5.
Pl', belonging to, S,r William Curtis 4 ; Chi. n C. W.a.
tern 4; W. Coles 2 ; Robert Tobss 2 ; L.. Wright 1; and
Mr. Sully 1.
Several other very fine animals were espeled to
arrive in the course of the evening. This Li 'ruing,
the Gentlemen s‘leeted as judges wi I,c-iretdlly ex-
amine all the animitls for whicri priz-v h as-z- teen
offered, and the certificates of the nark p--rt.srmed

is~ ~

'L

+~ - .

4 '

.?

\

by oxen, the d.stance each has traveded to the
show, their ages, food, &c. &r And .hey will maki,
sign and seal ap their award, to be o?en d by Lcml
Somerville, after the dinner whi, be gives to-
morrow at Freemason's Cavern ; w: ere handsome
silver cups, as priz s, will be pihl.cly &livered to
the saccev.ful candidates. Several new agricultural
implements, specimens of bread-cl,t'i hum Ar.Altr-
Merino wool, by Toilet and Jo)ce, &c. are expected
to be shown this day.

MONTHLY AGRltill.i UtC.IL REPORT.

Th- humidity and attendant inildnei of the sease•i have re.
Larded the preparation for sowing and • tunic Field Brans so
string soilr; *potations on which usually hays at gh • time
been on great forwardoes.. Oa light soils, prsparatioua NOVO
been made for sowii.g Barley, and a great orcadtli ad lay
ground has been already bn.aen up for Oas.
Rye, and W:nter fares, stilt continue to ' a well, —a the
Ast,fi...ll G'.l4lCl are vets nn plamise ea. y .04
for Ewes and Lambs. Wheat average,.. thro..gdout Eng rill
and Wales, 755. Bd Earley, 375. ltd., and la. s, 4d.
From the For;, immense droves of ..olsaNal fed sheep bay*
been recently sant to fm thfield, ugh eon litaw. Butlnent
the prevailing warmth and wetness, cuiescrd is (nowt I. grow
too fast, and the remind -r of the feeding stuck, which is still
co utterable, do not de -as well.
the same observation holds gond in to turnip —4
ant, which has be. n this "Fairer anieers.o g mod abstudants
The pradire astalt.troding matt,' on ~li-e • .e, grow-d OMR.
turnips, &c. being new general, scarcely a wall.nsan..a sd form •
is without • few, and it occasion.. a great steck..f fat cattle, in •
the country, which has c ins ,Scranly redueed the ounces al fat
mum Notwithstanding the large tUppitei r uted by govern-
en•mt and merchant shipping, Cows and Calves are more res.
sonable.
Little business has been Italy done in the horse
GOMM 4111, 'repave can Cutts Isavarbtel sold at very high

prices.
The &roam] I.r Pocking Pig. still continue: rut. In
Smithfield, Beef fetches from 44 6d. to Ss. awl ; hiuttoa,
from 4. 3,1 to 51 ; •nd P.. k '.. 'id. to Gs. 6d.

r.

At the interview, on triJay, between Lod
Gazesvihhe and the Gintlemen who prapo,e.: to
bid for the Loan, hi, Lordship dee ined to say
whether a subsidy would or would not be wanted, •
or what the probable amount of it might be Some
persons woo ail, et to know ',titter than hi; Lord-
ship, assure us, that five minions will be ri quire"
for Russia, and two for Prassia. It must be obvi-
ous, that this is a mere sprculation, and that the
amount if any subsidy to he sent to the Continent,
must depend upon future circumstances.
The Spartan, which is abou! to sail for the Me-
diterranean, has on board 700,000 dollars, for the
payment of the British troops in Sicily.
The ,4k4na. Da sat. from Koningsberg for Lon-
don, is ',ass rear ; crew saved.
The Basta, Rtsaauo, from Shields, is arrived at
Gibraltar, after being plundered by five opanish
boats. •
The Coax uree, Barna AN, from Belfast, and is
Nue,. Bosnia, tram Philadalpoia, are captured,
and carried into Algeziras.
The Three Brothert, Siwousois. from Yarmouth
for Leghorn, is put into Mendahl, Norway, with
damage.
BonAAAITt has ordered all the bulletins of the
Grand Army, of the p-eceding and present Cam-
Nips, to ba translated into the Arabic and Turkish
languages.
Orders were sent out, last season, to Prince of
Wales's Island, to prevent the further importation
of slaves into that Island. By the ships of the pre-
sent season, fresh orders have been dispatched for
the total abolition of slavery in that Island, Go-
vernment making . compensation to those who may
suffer any loss or inconvenience.
Letters from Halifax, dated January 28, state,
that the weather had set in extremely severe. A
party of the 99th regiment, consisting of a sr.
jeant. corporal. and private, had gone a few darts
before in search of a deserter; the private had i..
turned, and was then in the hospital. and it was
feared the poor fellow world lose both has feet
from the seveiity of the fiost. The serjcant and
corp sal were both found frozen to death, at some
miles distant from Halifax. `[hr-e men, who had
gone in search of them, had not returned. and it
was dreaded that they had shared the same fates
Saturday night's Gautte contains the ordstr of Mg
MAJtury in Council, that, tor the supply of the is.
habitants and fishermen of Nesrounsiland, for the
ensuing season only, bread, Aour, pease, [mbar%
cur ‘, butter, and live stock. may be exported unto
that island from any of the territaties of the U reed
States of America, by B:itish subjects. in irit.sh
built ships, owned by His 4VIAJASTY'S auujeas, thivis
gated according to law, and which, for toe space of
nine rainths previous to the time of such elllettA.
tion. have cleared out from soma port of the United
Kingdom of Greet Britain and Ireland, or i,:;ier
His M AAAAA v's >minions in Europe. for which pur-
pose a license shall have been granted by the Com-
missioners of the Customs, and such livens JO bey
n force only Mae calendar months.
*


A
I
