NEW VOLCANO.

A Letter (row Jobe E. Dabney, En. Consul of dee trailed
Matta of Annie*, to a Fricn.l at St. Micheers.
U l'sysl, (Azores,) Juno 25. 1100.
4. DtAa phenosurroon hue occurred herd

not unusual in former ages, but of which there has
been no example Of late 'ycein. ;: it whip Mill calcu-
lated to inspire terror, and has been attended with
the destruction of lives and property. On Sunday,
the IA of May, at one p. m. walking in the bal-
cony of my house at St. Antlioino, I heard noises
like the report of heavy earning* at a distance. and
concluded there was some sea engagement in the
vicinity of the island. But soon after, casting my
eyes towards the island of St. Georges, ten leagues
distant, I perceived e dense column of smoke ,
rising to net immense height; it was soon judged
..
that a volcano had burst out about the centre of
that ieland, and this was rendered ceitain when
night reuse on, the tire ealiilriting an awful ap-
pearance. Beitg desirous of viewing this wonder-
flit exertion of nature, I embarked on the 3d of
May, accompanied by the British Consul, and
ten ether gentlemen, fer St. Georges ; we ran
over in tire hours, awl arrived at Vellas, the prin-
cipal town. Mt eleven a me. We found the poor
iuliabitaetie -perfectly 'panic struck, and wholly
Rivera hip to religions ceremonies and devotion. We
karma! that the fire of the Ist of May bad broken
out in a ditch, iq the midst of fertile pastures,
three leagues S.E. of Vellas, and had immediately
formed a crater, in size about twenty-four acres.
In two days it had thrown out cinders or small pu-
mice gimlet., that a stroug N.E. wind had pro-
pelled mutherly ; and which, independent of the
mass accomuliatcal round the crater, had covered
the earth trout one foot to four feet in depth, half a
league in width, and three leagues in length ; then
passing the channel five leagues. had done some in-
jury to the east whit of Pico. The fire of this
large crater had nearly sulMded, but in the even-
ing preceding our arrival, another small crater had
opined, one league north of the large one, and only
two leagues from N'ellas. After taking sense re-
freshment, vie visited the second crater ; the sul-
phureons smoke of which, driveo southerly, ren-
dered it iinaracticable to attempt approadhing
the large one. %%lien live Caine within a mile of
the crater, we found the earth rent in every direc-
tion, and, ns we approached nearer, tome of the
chissins were six feet wide ; by leaping oelitrtestic
of these chasms, and making wiudings to avoid'die
larger oars, we at length arrived within two hun-
dred yards of the spot ; and saw if, in the middle
of a pasture, distinctly. at intervals, when the
thick smoke which swept the earth lighted up a lit-
tle. The mouth of it was only about fifty yards in
litellira fertile. ; the tire seemedianiggling for vent;
the force with winch a pale blue flame issued forth.
eeseinhled • powerful steam engine, multiplied a
hundred fold ; the noise was deateniog ; the earth
where we stool had a tremulous motion, the whole
island seemed convulsed, horrid bellowings were
occasionally heara from the bowels of the earth, '
ma earthquakes were frequent. After remaining
here about ten minutes we returned to town ; the
inhabits:its had mostly quitted their houses, and
remained in the open stet, or under teats. We
passed the night at Velhee, and the next morning
west by water to Urnilium, a Wall era-port town,
two leagues pooh of Vella*, and viewed that past
ef the country covered with the cinders beforea
meatimied. and which has tented the most valua-
ble vineyards in the island into a frightful desert.
On the same day, (the ith of May,l we married to
Faye!, and ou the Gth and succeeding daje, from
twelve to tifteeu small volcano* broke out in the
Gelds we had traversed on the 3d, fmin the chrisms
before described, and threw oat a quantity of buys,
which travelled on slowly towards Venal'. The tire
of those small craters subsided, and the lava
ceased running about the 11th of May ; on which
day the large volcano, that had dor.nant for
,woe days, bunt forth again a roaring lion, with
horrid belching', distinctly heard at twelve leagues
distance, throwing up prodigious large stones, and
ens homelier quantity of lava, illuminating at night
the whole island. This continued with tremendous
farce, until the 3th of June, exhibiting the awful
yet magnificent spectacle of a perfect river of
Gee: (distinctly seen from Faye%) running into the
Ou that day, (the nth.) we aapariar.oed that it. •
force began to fail, and, in • few days after. it ceased
entirely. The distance of the crater from the sea is
about four miles, and its elevatinu about 3,300
11. et.
The lava Mandated and swept away the town of
Ureidius. and ceantry-houses and cotteges adja-
sent, as well as the farm-houses, throughout its
course. It, as usual, gave timely notice of its ap-
proach, and most of the inhabitants fled ; some
few, however, remained in the vicinity of it too long,
endeavouring to save their twinning and dereia,ana
were scalded by flashes of steam, which, without
injuriug their clothes, took off not only their skin
but their flesh. About sixty persons were thus
*miserably scalded, 'name of whom died on the spot,
at in a few days salter. Num'aers of cattle shared
the mine fate. The dodge and principal Mimi-
bitants leg the island very early. The consterna-
tion wed anxiety were for same clays so great among
the people, that even their domestic conceals were
abandoned, actel,ainidet adenty. they were in dant;
of 'Larval. Supplies lei' ready-baked bread lea

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10.

A volcano, of terrific appearance, threatening to
rival those of Etua and N'etu‘ ins, bus broken out
in St. George, out; of the Azores, or Western
Islam's. Au interesting account of it is given in
our preceding coltiinns. •
Thursday morning the first Battalion of the ist
Regiment of Guards, coutioinided by Colonel
Atscom marched lain Ramsgate from brul, awl
immediately embarked on board the vessels pre-
pared for them, lyiug aloug the Pier Wall.
They embarked as follow
400 Men on heard the &Muck trauspOrt..No. 404.
ass ditto
30. ditto
sz.) Amp
s4G ditto ..... - sus
Toed 4403 exelninee of 036cers.

About au hour utter, the :id Battalion of the Ist
Guards arrived at Raiusgote, commanded by COI.
Cheney, and marched directly down to the Pier,
ou board the transports.
The total number of the two battalions embark-
ed on Thursday is about three thousand.
Soon after the above had embarked, a report was
in circulation, that an onier•hnd beets received to
diaetnliaik the CMirds, or delay their sailing for
some illy:, this produced various conjectierea, and
on inquiry it seems there is not a sufficient number
of transports in Ramsgate harbour at this time for
the troops ordered there.; it is therefore be-
lieved, that the Guards already embarked will re-
main of► board, in the Pier, in preF.verice to their
being sent to•thr Downs, until joined by the rest of
the regiment, and there are sufficient shipping col-
lected to take them.
The flstli Rifle Regiment was expected to em-
bark ye►terday.

The destination of the Expedition formed at
Cork* under the command of Sir DAVID Bata°,
mutinies a secret; but it is supposed, iu conscquvnre
of some recent orders, that the original plan is al-
tered. As tho transports are not copper-bottomed,

they are not probably intended for a distant object.
The horse transports will asuiiuut to 300. This is
the only cause that has delayed the sailing of the
Expedition. The heavy baggage was ordered to be
embarked last week. An express was dispatched
to Coi k on the Sth. with order* (or the EsPeditie^
to sail forthwith. Orders have been iwued for the
troop* to leave all their bsggage on shore. and
such ►nen es sie lint tit tot the most active and
immediate service, am to remain at Fermoy.

All the Ministerial Prints Live been instructed
to ►tetnethat whoa the iiitelligeuce of Sir ARTHUR
WtmAlst.tir's glorious victory reached town,
that grew. liberal, and enlightened statesman, Mr.
Serscea PERCIVAL; was. with his family, on a
visit to tile Earl of NORTHAMPTON; his cousin,
at Ca►tle Ashby, in Northatriptonshine. Mr.
Teases, a 3lessenger, attached to the office of
Chancellor of the Exchequer, was dispatched post
to the Minister, with a duplicate of the dispatches.
31r. Pi:act:val. sent a letter to the Maeue of
NuRTI.I.OII•TON, acquainting him with the glo-
rious event. The MAYOR announced the intel-
ligence at Northampton, when the bells were ins-
wiediatelt set ringing, and at night paterames
were tired, the houses were illuminated, and the
town was one general scene of rejoicing.-11•e
remember that this great and glorious newi--and
g►eat stet ;;lo: tour we certainly consider it—reached
town on Thursday evening. and 40 the lltlinisterial
Prints assured the public that the details would be
published in ate Extraordinary Gazette on Friday ;
yet Friday come, and no Extroordieary Gaze:re
appeared to allay the politic alxiety, and it was
not until Saturday that the long-expeeted Gazette
vale its appearenee. To account Tor this delay, it
was said, that in the hurry, the original dispatches
hail been sent off to Windsor, and that there was no
opportunity of making a copy fur Tie Gazette
Office, until their glum to town. at one o'clock on
Friday. Itappesrs, however, from the above para-
graph. that duplicates were sent off to Mr. PLRC E.
♦Aty to Nwithamptonshire, although we are given
to limier:tend, that there ass oo time to make a
copy for Iris NIAJBST% ; for we cannot suppose that
Ministers waited until the return of the dispatches,
before they sent an aceonnt of such glorious news
to a man who must fed such interest in the result,
as the CaItICELLoa of the Ex( Itteeill. Bat the
most curious circumstance attending this-joyful

cominunitmtiou, made b% 11r. Ptactest to the
people of Northampton, is to be found in its contrast
ith his famous electioneering advertisement to
that town. which be Dow represents in Parliament.
In that al Irertisement, be asserted he came to pvotect
the Protestant Church against the Caholics. In
the duplicates, on which he (watered the town to
tin a merry peal, he congratulates his Electing

upon the success and security of that religions
which he lately represented as full of peril to our
liberties and constitution. His corrupt and servile
tools of the pishlic press, catching his spirit, and flat-
tering hip weakness, daily repeated that "the sword
must not be trusted to the hands of the Catholics."
With what front and face has a man, who has main-
tained these doctrines, dared to congratulate the
people of Northampton upon the result of the
well-fought day of Vinieira ? The expedition which
achieve} this glorious victory was fitted out at Cork,
and every regiment had a large proportion of
Irish Catholics. Were there then no Catholic
swords drawn in the battle of Viineira? and did
Sir Atetnua W 2 LLIVILEY, before he charged the
French with the bayonet, disarm the Irish Catholics
among his troops, and send them off to the rear of his
urmy Tn this we shall only observe, that Mr. Peace-
,' ses electioneering advertisement, addressed to
the town of Northampton, and his late commuuk
tion, admit of a contrast, and some reflections, not
very favourable to candour and consistency.

Nothwitlistanding the silence which still conti-
nues, relative to the important events which are
acting both in Portugal and in Spain; a 'deuce
which may not improbably be terminated even
before this Paper goes to the press ; yet we are lin-
able to withdraw our reflections from that part of
Eerope, where so many great interests are discuss-
ing at the point of the bayonet. Our thoughts and
solicitudes involuntarily return from Germany, or
Purls. or Finland, to the Bunks of the Tagus, and
of the Ebro. The victory at Viweira, however
brilliant, yet still left much to be achieved, before
Lisbon, and Portugal, and the army ofiurrox. and .
the Russian fleet, were all iu our possession. One
is tempted to regret the double supercession that
Sir Allllllll IVELLVILEY • under% ent, in the mo-
ment when he had just defeated the French, and
we naturally are impelled to wish that the same
talent* amid energies which gained so signal ae ad-
vantage, had been left to prosecute them without'
interruption. Ner is it with a less lively and ear-
nest concern, that we onticipute further accounts
from Old Castile, or rather front •the provinces of
Biscay and Alava, to which quarter of Spain it is
obvious that the theatre of military operations will
now he principally transferred. We can scarcely
doubt, that, notwithstanding his nwmerona defeats,
Isis brother's flight, the detestation in which the
name of BoNAPART6 is held throughout that
country which he attempted to subject, and the
auginentiug difficulties of the enterprise; yet that
the Corsican EMPEROn mesas to persist is his ill-
fated and inauspicious determination. Perhaps he
considers the difficulties ofubandoning, or discon-
tinuing the attempt, as more alarming even than
his final expulsion from Navarre, Catatonia, and
Biscay. Nor are there plausible, and even solid
reason wanting to justify such a line of conduct in
IN APO LEO N. ignorance, teeter, and force, constitute
the leading principles on which becoerces the various
nations that are chained to his car. The introduc-
tion of knowledge and information would at once
weaken the machinery that enables him to render
one half of Europe actively subservient in reducing
the remainder to Is. dominion. While the fugitive
JOSEPIS can be concealed in some obscure town of
a remote province beyond the Pyrenees; while he
can sway his mock sceptre at Bririessa, or at St.
Sebastian. the Illimiteur may
.find ingenious ex-
cuses for his not residing ut the Escurial, or at MII.•
dna. How is the inhabitant of "Lactic, or of
Prague. or of Venice, precluded flogs all intelli-
gence, except such as the Despot of the Continent
permits to escape, and in which truth is altogether
mutilated, altered, or suppressed ; how even is the
Citizen of. Lyons, of Orleans, or of Toulouse, to
know that JusEPH is driven out, with ignominy.
from the capital and from the Palaces of Spain ?
But it would be otherwise if this delegated Usurp-
er of the Spanish Monarchy were to be compelled
to take refuge iu the dominions of his brother, and
to reside at Paris as an individual ; or to appear
with the Queen of Iliat LAND, and the Duchess of
•
AnnanTSS, at the Hotel de Ville; there, with the
other assembled Monarchs, to dance a quadrille at
the foot of Dia Imperial Majesty's Throne: This
is a test which the Corsican Dynasty cannot stand,
and which Boman...axe will carefully avoid. Jo-
, seen himself, alter abdicating one Crown. and
losing another in eleven days, will find his future
position an militia's' one. wherever he may "carry
his virtues ;" or on whatever theatre he may dis-
play those majestic attitudes," which impressed
the Castilians with so much awe and veneration.
That NAroLsox is tortured en the rack of sus.
pence, of humiliated pride, and of the most painful
apprehensions for his own elevation, when he looks
forward to futurity, it would be doing injustice
to his penetration and discernment, to doubt for a
moment. He better knows and appreciates, than
auy other individual can do, the awful height to
which he- had climbed. on which he seemed even
to stand firm, but to which be can now only look
heck. While he is affecting to outdo the insulting
pomp of Loris XIV. seated on a throne in that
very edifice, sad in those very apartments, where
his precursor, Itonastisitaa, with his jacobin as-
sociates, terminated their flagitious career; he
doubtless recollected, and trembled at ti.ose ap-
palling images. lie will shortly be called to ex-
hibit other qualifications than affability or contlt-

seension. The Parisians, bait as they are,
ready, after years of massacre or of anarchy, to
the ferocious tyranny of a foreign adventurer, II
every epithet that can depicture felicity ; ,
in order to obtain freedom, began by regicide,
terminate in abject slavery ; yer, even i
soot' begin to discover, that conTiest has
their Corsican Master. The di►covery,
it is fully made, will be fatal to the Usurper,
ecription must be accompanied by vuereso,
weapon will turn agaiiist its owner. If
erase, by new victories on the Danube,
.•races nt Atulujar, and his defeats at
might perhaps still perpetuate or prolong
Aire over a country extenuated by revel'
tinted aids changes, and aspiring only to
of military despotism in the hands of a
Ruler. But the time is over when 80,
after having acted the pert of theTritnn
tints, might have obliterated his crimes,
luting the moderation, the placability, and
toes of the Emperor AUGUSTUS. IU d.
imprisoniug on innocent Prince, his ally, .
ed to his faith and honour, he put himself
the pale of law or of humanity. By sendif
thousand disciplioed ruffians, in order
vengeance on a great people, for daring
allegiance to a base and obscure Advent'
brother, Bot4aPat...rs declared war upon
yilized world, and virtually proclaimed
be the exclusive property of an unknown
Ajarcio. For these outrageous acts of
and violence, he mast answer, not 'Derek
French, but to Europe. He is a common
an universal scourge and despoiler. As such,
not only felt at Berlin, at Stockholm, and
at Petersborgh, at Copenhagen, and at
tinople, however SZBASTIAIII, or ihme.
or CAULINCOURT, may terrify and impose,
equally abhorred. His hour of account approaches,
and when it arrives it will he awful.

Another day hate passed oval without
any fiwthgr iutelhgence from Portugal.

Government has purchased the late MI
BY'S brewhoiise, and premise► adjoining,
wich, for tire purpose of converting them
racks for the Royal-,Mariues stationed there.
purchaavmsney is -to be 5,30uL for 99 years.
Dispatches were received at Plymouth
day last, for Sir Cno atss Corron. Bart.
which were put, with the Messenger, on
Placer, 18 guns. Captain !Inman, which .
rectly to the westward. So certain is even•
of our people being in the Tagus, that
paekeis were directed by the Pluerr to the
of Hie Majesty's squadron Us that ricer.
Scot's Mit.tris.—.Tlie number of men
to volunteer from the ten regiments of
&Alert use
The stealer that bays volunteered fur limited sod

scrwtos

Deficiency
Nearly son were fur unlimited novice

r:,:

A report has reached town from Bremen.
Beam surryrt had been killed by a Spanish OfEcL:,
the commander of a corps at Bendsberg, wh, tal
been compelled to listen for some time to the mr•t
reproachful languat,,e addressed to bite and ha
brave follower,.

A reinforcement of thrW men of war has help
sent to the Baltic. The prevailing westerly wi cis
will soon bring them to their destination.
The Brisk ►loop of war, Capt. COODE. sailed
from Cork un Friday last, with sealed orders, said
to be for the coast of Spain and Portugal, to ap-
prise the army there that Sir D. Baton's espedi-
Hon is about to act on another service.

Among the striking instances of great increase is
rents, is that of the Salmon Fishery of that part of
the river Annan falling into the Frith of Selasy,
which let ou a lease that expired a few weeks since
for 1501. per annum, and has been re-let, by its
proprietor, Mr. Neuron, of Liverpool, for 1,5001.
per annum.
Jostett Haxsox, Esq. of Manchester, (one of the
late Candidates for the Borough of Preston, in
Lancashire) has, we understand, been indicted at
the late Assizes at Lancaster, for a misdemeanour,
in encouraging the weavers, who lately assembled
in a large body, at Manchester. No previous com-
plaint had been openly preferred against Mr. Hrs.
Ina, but he having accidentally heard that such a
bill had been found, insnielliately went over to Lan-.
easter, and appeared in Court, on Saturdayy Mora.
ing, and requested, in strang terms that his trial
might take place immediately; as if that was Hot
the ease, he should labour under a calumny for six
months to come. This request, the JUDUE inform-
ed hisn, could not be complied with, without the
consent of the Prosecutors, which they refused:
but the Julia& expressed a hope, that Mr. 11 'N..
SON'S so early appearance inCourt, and his readiness
to meet the charge, would have the erect of doing
awe) sill prejudice, if any had been excited agaiii,t
him. Mr. HANSON then gave bail to answer the
indictment. No proems had issued to compel his
appearance.
On Monday last, the first stone of the Old Jewry
Chapel, in .leain-strert, was laid by the get. Di.
Revs, who made an appropriate oration on the oc-
casion. It is remarkable, that this respectable con-
gregation, after continuing in the Old Jewry cue
hundred and eight r-ars, are now returning to
Jewin-street, where it war tint formed be Ow Rev.
Mr. Cab ext.—The Bank is in treaty for the Old
Jewry Meeting-house, which is loos to be taken
dos n.

The depredation. at Oar west end of the town
have, for these feu clays past, Lsen very frequefit.
A ueatlenlua awl stopped earls. yestertiay woman.;
in Park-lane; one of the villains attempted to put
stick down his throat ; but the timely assistanee
of the watchman sand him front his perilous situa-
tion. One of the vitliias was 'reused. An at-
tempt was made to !weak open a house iu Man-
elo ster-sqoarr, ista the wine night, and moth&
au tileorge-street, Ilanover,wrzare.

Lac
Go
fob

6n
bsni
/on
Csi
chs

PIP
pet
1
she

they are, va
tarchy, to 41
daenturer,
tY they,
"giode, ad
•en they, *IQ
t has forooki
wheuer? 1
.urger. Cu,. F.l:
uc. eee, or the Met
if he could drri
rube, hu dis don
MN*
e
11141
oy
d
ed. i
tn
i 41n7
senes fbur inetly, :m( -aos
te4:tr t t,
4:1111: t fiSet.:l4.‘ja
ts
ll
ring to refo,, /am
ll
upon the co.
chi
led Europe to ma!
own family of the
of turpitude He
merely to the
pet
Eamon enemy,
As such, he is she
iad at V ; of
at Comas. Pr':
IERNADOTTE, lot
impose, he le sth
t approacht,, Ra
LIU
out brillgilag wr
LI. eadj
wit
e Mr. Watts wooH,
ing, at Wool-
hem into bar- Bo
there. The
years.
meth on Mon.
rt. off Libber!,
on board the
Mich sailed di- krint,
every persz,i
that send
to the officers
Ter
r.
men required aN
of Militia io kit
saL7
Aland wall-
-461 1)0
ad,
..7 •
nice.
3reinen, that de
oanish °tic,
ierg, wha t.l LA
to to the met abi
him and his ell
war has hcfn ea
westerly si•i.:s
:000E, salted
d orders, said
tugel, to ate
espedi- 14
!at increase is
of that part of Is
h of Solway, th
w vreeb since wl
