Tow!

and to temove the Jonnaks, who site skirls 'disposed I
'to mutiny."
The same Paper. (Ahotriirs oftreivitr,44
contains the following • from Miklabia and Wal-
lachia :
On the 4th of July, lOWirds esvening. the Xiaja
Bey of Ffsdschi, Ahmed *Paths, at the bead of six
or 7,00011)c°, made his entry into Bucharest. This
commander sineerety exerts himself lb make Ins
'troops observe the best possible discipline. Every
murder, every met Of 'pUlsge, is punished.by him
with death. The lecclunts wind' ate ►eceived from
the more remote open country, are unhappity not!
so satisfactory on this head. Licentious bands and
scattered parties commit the most criminal ex-
cesses. Argisch was occupied by a body of Turks
'under Deli Bsachi Michali, who is under the-cot/I-
I mend of the Caniwar Sawa. Sawa himself, with
his corps, consisting partly of Turks, and partly of
Albanese, is ordered in pursuit of the insurgent
chiefs, Jordaki and Farmakiothoosith some hundred
horse, appeared disposed to escape to Moldavia by
the steepest mountains. To the numerous evils
which have afflicted Wallachia since February, may
be added a dreadful storm, which took place on the
sth instant, accompanied with hail of the size of a
Spanish walnut. The damage done is incalculable.
AUGSBURO, JULY 23.
(Fromihe Allgemeine Zeituag.)
Odessa, July 3.
We hear that the Porte (it is said by the advice
of England) has caused a memorial, complaining of
Baron Strogonoff, to be presented to the Russian
Court. The answer is not yet known, but some
persons believe that Baron Strogonotf will be re-
called, and that peace will thus be preserved. The
Counsellor of State, Mitschaki, had arrived at Con-
stantinople from St. Petersburg)). The massacres of
the Christians at Smyrna, by Asiatics, continued
from the 16th to the 2lst June. TheVice-Goverwor,
who wished them to spare the Franks, is said to have
been killed by the Turks. All the Consuls took
refuge on baud English ships, but many Greeks
and Franks have been killed.

IROW TRETURNISH FRONTIERS, JULY 9.

Letters from Bucharest, of the 2d instant, speak
only of cruelties committed by the Turk.. Men
and women were carried into slavery. and in some
villages the Talks hung young children to the
trees by the fret and cut their throa,t, after inflict•
ing on them protracted lortures.

Letters from Salonichi, of the 151 h, have been
received by way of Constantinople, but bring no
news of what is passing. As the Jews read all the
letters sent by the Greeks, and translate them to
the Turks, the Greeks do not venture to write any
thing particular. We can therefore expect no
news except from logitives.—( frankfort Papers,
July 28.)
