WEE TRADE.

The Marquis of LANSDOWN. on rising to move for an ac.
count of the exports and imports of Singapore for the last three
years, observed that these papers, when laid upon their Lordships'
table, would serve to show the importance to which that port had
risen In the commerce of the East. They would prove that the ad.
vantages anticipated from declaring it a free port had been fully
realised. They would prove that in a country so remote and bar-
barous, inhabited by nations so different in language and manners,
by tribes under the influence of Ignorance and all sorts of vicious
propensities there had been co qu ck an apprehension of the be-
nefits of freetrade, such a feeling of the interest to be derived from
a commerce carried on under the protection of the British laws,
that most unexampled inmates had rake.' place in the sad
impede of that port,
orsialso.short pielad during she did
neon had bon in It wash! he found that Aye in
1822 ths asoaasotto of At per_tbad &bloody llootteglisd moseekd
to 8,5111,1 N again. In 11111 day imam/ Si me dam ;
and In 144 they were as Iwo derl47/%111. ; tans ex.
Whiting, la the corm oldies Oro yam, aa mad dedoes

the amount, which bad, even previously to that period. ability la-
mmed in a very considerable degree. It was • m leak at
the map without perceiving the importance the WM*. at am.
(spore, and the action of the principle was mt. is the premat bee.
confined to the spot itself : it wart not limited to the little haunt is
which this port was situated, but eatended its effects over the vow
empires In the vicinity of which it was placed, It served to elicit a
commercial spirit in those extensive sod populous regions, of which
it was of high importance that this country should avail itself; and
ff from any narrow principle of policy the East India Company
should be induced to pat a period to the system which bad been so
happily introduced, the trade, so far from inaeasing. would gra-
dually sink into Insignificance, and all the prospects didymium;
to ()unwires and of improvement In these great empires with which
the intercourse hal been opened, would at once be cut (Sand dis-
appear. To the facts already stated, his Lordship added, the num-
ber of vessels which had entered the port had been 2.882. of whist)
only 383 were British property or commanded by British officers.
Such being the advantages which had already resulted from
the measure, and such being the prospect' from the im-
mense population of the countries wait whom this commerce
was carried on. his Lordship strongly deprecated any return to
!he system of restriezions, and hoped that no considerations of
immediate lucre would prevent Government from alluring
the present liberal policy. His Lordship concluded by moving lee
" An account of the exports and imports of Singapore. dadot,
the years 1822, 18.2.1. and 1821; and also. an account or the
tonnage each year, distinguishing the countries to which the 16.4*
eels belong."—Ordered.

PROMISSORY NOTE BILL.
The Marquis of LA NSDOW N said he bad also to pound a
petition.itt favour of the Promissory Note Bill. from the Chamber
of Comnr.erce of Manchester, sad his Lordship observed, tint the
petition of sash a body of min, connected as they were with the
trade of a part of the country wltieb bad the edraotage of preserv-
ing a metallic currency, must be considered as of very considerable
importance in considering this question.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE said he did not rise for the pur-
pose of entering into any argument on the expediency of the
Bill, but merely to set the Noble Marquis right In a point of fact.
The gentlemen who had signed this petition said that there were no
local notes issued in Manchester, but he would assert that the
circulation of Manchester principally consisted of notes issued at
different places within seven eight, or nine miles of Manchester.
He held in his hand specimens of five of these, which had been
issued within twelve miles of that town. These notes were even
payable in Manchester, where there were agents who were ap-
pointed for the purpose of cashing them, and they formed, in fact,
the principal medium of circulation among the tradespeople of
Manchester. His Lordship mentioned several banks whose notes
circulated in Manchester, 3facclesfleld, Rochdale, Bolton, Stock-
port, etc. all of which have agents there, and some have agents
who cash their notes.

The Marquis of LANSDOWN said he had no local knowledge
of Manchester. The manufacturers had evidently been sensible
of the mischief attending the circulation of bank notes, had op.
posed themselves to the establishment of such banks in the town,
and had done everything in their power to prevent the adoption a-
such a circulation.

The Earl of LIVERPOOL, in confirmation of what the Noble
Marquis (of Lansdown) had said, stated that he had communi-
cated recently with a meat respectable deputation from that part of
the country, and that they most decidedly denied the propositions
of the Noble Lord. They denied that a great portion of the
circulation of Manchester was country bank notes. They com-
plained of the attempts to push these notes into circulation, and
prayed for a metallic currency. It was not very material to what
degree the one currency or the other prevailed. It was sufficient
that the commercial men were decidedly opposed to notes. In one
point of view, the assertion of the Noble Earl (of Lauderdale)
presented a very forcible argument in support of the measure
which had been adopted by Ministers; for it showed how difficult
it was, if one pound notes were allowed to circulate in one part of
the country, to prevent their circulation in another. It formed a
strong reason why the Act should pass. What is the geners/rule
in Lancashire should be made the general rule in England.
The Earl of LAUDERDA LE said he had abstained in the course
of the argument from entering into the question itself. He had only
alluded to the impropriety of the time. He did not mean to found
any argument on it. lie merely wished to set the Noble Marquis
right about the matter of fact.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL in moving the second reading of
the Bill, observed that he would not trouble the House with many
remarks on the subject, as it had already been fully discussed on a
former occasion. He would not, therefore, dwell on the provisions
of the Bill, but would merely answer such objections as might be
made by any of their Lordships during the discussion. He took
this opportunity, however, of observing, that the Bill etas con.
fined, as it had always been intended to be confined, to England.
A question had been put to him, whether it was the intention of
his alajesty's Government to extend it to Scotland and Ireland.
He had then said that he thought it should be so extended, giving
each of those countries a longer interval in respect of the time in
which the alteration should take place. He had now to state, If
'such BM should meet die senates of their Lordships! that it vas
his intention to move on Friday that a Committee should be ap-
pointed to inquire into the state of the banking system in Ireland
and Scotland. He did that, not from any alteration in his opinion
' with respect to the expediency of extending the measure to these
countries, but from a conviction that this will be the best method
to prove its expediency to the satisfactionof their Lordships
and the public. There had been a great deal of agitation produced
in one of these countries by the measure proposed; he did net
know if the agitation had extended to the other. It was the salve
thing whether it had or not ; but it was due to the public feeling
of that part of the country to which his Lordship referred that the
subject should be fully investigated.
The Earl of CA RNA RVON said he wished to make • few ob-
servations on the Bill. He objected to it, both on account of the
time and circumstances in which it was introduced, and because he
did not agree with the general and abstract view which had been
taken. He believed that a metallic currency was not preferable to
a paper currency ; but that a country possessing a paper currency
on a metallic basis possessed the best and safest of all currencies.
He objected to it also because it was a measure which did not tend
to prevent or render less probable such a convulsion as that under
which we are now suffering. Its provisions would be wholly ino-
perative, either for remedying the present difficulties, or for prevent.
ing such difficulties in future. There were no sort of propositions
of which he was more jealous than throe which tended to establish
any general or permanent measure of legislation to meet a particular
crisis; but the present was a measure which neither tended nor
professed to tend to alleviate the present distress, and foe his part he
was fir from thinking that it would tend to prevent the recliner*
of similar calamities in future. If any subject was of importance,
the subject of the currency was of importance; and it was certainly
unworthy of the dignity of the House to adopt one measure to-day,
and change it for another to-morrow. The agitation in one part of
the country had already compelled his Majesty's Ministers to In-
troduce a counteracting measure to cancel the effect of the antral
measure. The proper method was not to trouble resolves &best
proxpective measures, but to waive all future considerations, and
apply ourselves to remedy the present difficulties. When Mi.
maters were asked to remedy the evils which have arisen, they_
tell you they foresaw them. Others might apply a remedy If
they pleased ; but they would only concern themselves about
the prevention of such events in future. They ought to have
called their Lordships' attention to the subject ig they fine-
saw it long before; but without inquiring into the subject, they
immediately impute it to the one pound notes, and propose at once
to return to a metallic currency. The amount of one pound and
two pound notes was six or eight millions, and with the circulation
of Scotland and Ireland it could not fall much short of tea or
twelve millions. All this sum must be withdrawn from the cowl-
merce and eines' of the country for the next forty or fifty year. It
would not be denied that it was • cheaper currency ; the question
was, whether it was a safer one. He could not view the subject in
the same light as the Noble Lord, when he considered the state of
the currency as it had continued for so longs period in Startisad.
No man will defend the issues by the banks of this country ; but thu
case was very different with respect to chartered banks r they ex-
isted in that country. The petitioners of Manchester had compared
the circulation of the notes of our country banks with that at gold
sovereigns; but the case was very different if the eoinparissei were
instituted with such chartered banks as they have in Sorra& or
with the imperishable system of banking which has so i=.l
shared in this country. His Lordship wished that an wooer
be made by negotiation, to induce the Bank to establish elsonewel
banks at such a distance as to place them on the sametriline as
those of Scotland. England when she possessed a gold surtaiLy,
was not less subject to commercial crises than she has been with
a paper currency. It was the fashion at the present manual t
that there never was so terrible a crisis as the present; but an re-
ining evil was always considered as disproportionately great. Wei
the South Sea scheme a less dreadful crisis than the patient ? 'ln
1793 the one pound notes were not in circulation, and though some
persons have ascribed the distress in that year to the war then begin.
mg, tt was more owing to the excessive speculation in 17V2,whieh o:.
*stoned the breaking of the banks, than to any thing about the war,
which then threatened them with no great difficulties, and which
was carried on merely to obtain indemnities. He thought that
Ministers ought to try to place our currency upon the sane footing
IPA that which had been found most perfect and satisfactory in Sent.
land for a century, under which it had heen exempt from ail the
commercial convulsions which had agitated England. When as
considered this circumstance, we might fairly conclude that this
eru nos' accidental, but that the exemption of &toehold front
these calamities was,' in some way or another, connected with the
system of her currency. We ought therefore to consider wbeilher
it were not best for us to assimilate our own system to that which
had so long prevailed in that country. There was no ground foe
the measures of his Majesty's Alinisters, which tended to abandon
the paper currency for another which they had been obliged already
to relax, for the purpose hf obtaining time Ihr further delibepadon
upon it. It had been stated In conversation, that the Scotch hulks
had bad assistance from the Bank of England ; but this Would
serve only to strengthen his Lordship.* reasoning. It rowan
that they had sufficient stabilltir eo maintain their credit. sad to
obtain that assistance from the Bank of Englaad,which the Nag.
lish bankers could not obtain. Mush had been said of therms,
Terence@ arising from a papaw currency trim ft4m and other
• but his Lordship • ono
not exist, ttai , the ante

tibei—i—z=7%; tri,LIWW"--- Wel wThi
.!Asiviiro sei-00.141 whis •
111111111111111.1.

%

c ation. Was there no ittoonvenience then from clipping, ae.?
T
rcu
evils rid not arise in the present circumstances, because the
c. ion of sovereigns was too small to render such practices ad-
vantageous ; but his Lordship could recollect when • main had
tour de tive.guineas in his pocket, on weighing there it *IA rarely
found that all of them were good. He could remember when the
change front a metallic to a paper currency took place, it was •
general remark how much more convenient the one pound notes
were than the guineas. The notes of local banks, as proposed,
were not liable to the same objections in respect of forgery as those
of the Hank of England. He well remembered, ton, the frequent
instances of robberies, which were encouraged by the metallic sys-
tem. These had been rendered far less frequent in consemience of
the introduction of notes, which were numbered, which often bore
the names of the owners, and served, themselves, as evidence to
convict the criminal. Their Lordships had only to look at the
papers on their table to see what were the opinions of one portion of
'the people on the subject. It was evident, front the description of
the persons who presented these petitions, that the system did not
in their case uphold commercial speculation. They were principally
in the agricultural interest, in the support of which a great part of
the issues of one pound notes had been matte. The paper currency
possessed a power of reciprocal contraction and expansion, accord.
ling to exigencies of the times, which a metallic currency could not
possess. He (the Earl of C.) would ask where was the nation which
had made such rapid advances, such real and solid additions to
her wealth and prosperity, as England had done during the period
or her paper currency ? With that view of the subject, and con-
sidering that the measure before their Lordships was wholly
uncalled for, he would move that the 11111 be read that day six

months.
The Earl of DARN LEY said that he thought it necessary to offer
few observations. In the first place he could not agree with his
Noble Friend who had just sat down, that the proposed measure
could have any evil effect on the poorer classes of the community ;
on the contrary,' to considered that it would be most beneficial to
their Interests. inasmuch as it would protect them from the loss
and distress which arose fromabe failure of country basks. The
first du'y of a Government was to protect the poor and labouring
cl . of society ; and thinking the !erasure before their ',old-
ships would have that effect, he should give it his support. 11, on
the &her hand, he thought that it would have the effect of throwing
the labouring or manufacturing classes of society out of employ,
rhea he should have voted with his Noble Friend. Then,
with respect to the established currency of London ■nd
its neighbourhood, which had been alluded to by his Noble
Friend (Lord Carna►ron), who had said that he had not been at-
tacked by highwaymen and footpads, and that because of the na-
ture of the currency, his Noble Friend had entirely overlooked the
cffeumstance that for some years back their Lordships had tra-
veil'd with sovereigns in their pockets instead of guineas. But
this he (Lord Darnley) considered to have arisen front the improved
state of the police rather than from the cause alluded to by his No.
ble friend. He trusted his Majesty's fflinisters would do their
shay by protecting the interests of the poor. Ilia Lordship said lie
alshed to make • few observations in respect to what had fallen
from his Noble Friend (Lord Limerick) on presenting a petit ion
that day to the House. Ile would ask his Noble Friend if he did
not recollect the great distress which had occurred in Ireland in the
year 1820 or 1821 (he did not recollect which) from the failure of
banks in Ireland He would also ask him if the late failures in the
south of Ireland also had not produced similar effects ? Ile (Lord
Darnley) had seen lettersfrom that part of the country, which de-
scribed the misery and distress which those failures had occasioned,
and they stated that in many instances the poor were actually dying
•'mm want, arising from the loss they had sustained by the banks
in question. Their Lordships would recollect that in that country
the poor were not regulated by • system like that which prevailed
in England, but were subject to charity alone for their existence.
lie should therefore vote for the Hill before their Lordships, be-
oats* he considered that it would ameliorate the condition of the

pony& claws.
- The Earl of LIMERICK—With respect to what had linen I
from the Noble Earl (Darnley), he must say that the danger Would I
not occur again in Ireland, foe now the circulation of paper was in
the hands of • body of persons of great wealth, and the whole of
their property was liable. He (Lord Limerick) did say, that in
propottion as the population was poor, the amount of small notes I
in circulation was greater. The banks to which he had referred
were solvent, and had paid their notes in sovereigns when called
upon so to dn.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said, that though he did not consi.
der it necessary to detain their Lordships at soy great length, he
considered it necessary to offer a few observations nn what had fallen
from the Noble bold (Lord Carnervon). He should consider it
necessary to say a few words with respect to the measure which he I
had proposed to their Lordships for their adoption, as well as in re. I
gad to that which his :Majesty's Government had abstained from I
adopting, and which bad been alluded to by the Noble Lord.
With respect to the latter, he (Lord Liverpool) must eay that lie
felt satisfied that if he had ever rendered his country any service,
be had never rendered it more essentially than when he re.
trisect to listen to an advance of Exchequer bills, for if redress
toe the then prevailing distress had been so afforded, the
country would have looked up to his Majesty's Government
on every occasion on which distress might arise. The first instance
in which such assistance had been afforded was in 17113, which he
must say was one of very bad policy, but which had been followed
up on several other occasions. It could not be pretended that the
late distress arose from any political circumstance, or by the act of
God, but it was admitted on all hands that it was the effect of over.
trading. If therefore Government had followed the former prece.
dents of &Wading assistance, it would have eventually led to the
most fatal consequences. It was only for foreign countries to do
their duty, and their Lordships would hear no more of Exchequer
bills. If such relief had been afforded, it wax his fine belief that it
would have gone into other hands than those for whom it was in.
tended. One of the principal objections to the measure was that
secrecy was required by those who asked fur it; the object, there.
fare, was to encourage speculation. and to prevent the world from
knowing the real state of affairs. The name of every man antilylng
tor assistance under such circumstances should be known. He (Lord
Liverpool) had seen the deputation of the manufacturing cummu.
oh, from Manchester; and he had put the question to them whether
they stipulated for secrecy, and they said. No; they were quite
ready to receive relief in the way proposed, and without any such
regulation. The relief ought to be afforded by the hanks of the
country : they were the proper channels through which It ought to
be received. The Bank of England was empowered by its Char-
ter and by law to afford assistance, and the Government said, if it
laboured under any difficulty from them, they would relieve them
from it. Three years ago, an application of a similar nature had
been made from the West Indies under strong CllCUlllatallCtS, and on
another occasion by the landed interests, but which were refused.
If it was done for one, it should be done for all ; but lie ( Lord
Liverpool) would say, do it for none; unless. indeed, under cir-
cumstances which had occurred without the reach of human con.
trot. It had been said, that the present would have been a very
easy session of Parfament if the advance of Exchequer bills had
been made. Such perhaps might have been the case. In pursuing a
contrary line of conduct, therefore, his Majesty's Government had
involved themselves in some parliamentary difficulty anti embar-
rassment, by pursuing that line of conduct which they considered
the best for the interests of the country. In reference to that part
of the subject mentioned by the Noble Lord (Lord Cameron) as
to robberies by highwaymen and footpads, he had a perfect recol-
lection of the danger of the period, particularly as lie himself bad
suffered from it, on an occasion when he was going to school, which
was at q period of his life when he was less able to bear such an
attack as since. He would not go further into the subject than to
et ate that certainly for the last four or five years gold had been in
general circulation in the neighbourhood of London, without a re-1
currence of those events. It might, as had been observed by •
Noble Lord (Darnley), have been considerably prevented by the
departments of general police, under the Secretary of State fur the
home Department, but he (Lord Liverpool) did not consider that
et ensure would have proved wholly effective, but for the enclosing
of the Commons in the neighbourhood of the public road, under
the General inelosure Act The Noble Lord (Lord Camarvon) had
asked whether the proposed measure would put a stop to over.
trading, and whether such might not exist with a metallic cur-
rency r The object was to establish a inure substantial system of
banking ; the measure then before their lordshipa, and the one in
progress in the other Hume of Parliament, lie was sisti,tied would
have the desired effect. In respect to the system on which the
banks of Scotland were formed, and the number of the batiks, their
Inas:nese was carried on by agents which acted as a check upon each.
other. Be would suppose that they had arrived at the year 1833,
and he woold say, that then it would be imposalble to adopt it.
When the exclusive privilege of the Bank should Le done ;way,
and the chartered batiks established, they would extinguish the
present system, but the Scotch system could no: be introduced. He
(Lord Liverpool) did not admit that the extinguishing of one and.
two pound notes would prevent overtrecling, but it would tend to
check it. All the more substantial country bankers with whom
he (Lord Liverpool) had communicated, had told him that small
notes were not essential to their business, and they would as soon
be without them. He believed that statement; but it was not the
ease with the lesser banks. The doing them away would have the
best possible effect. The measure of establishing a substantial
system of banking would check over.trading and speculation.
The Noble Lord (Carnarven) said that smell notes could not be
withdrawn without considerable inconvenience. On that head he
would refer the Noble Lord to Manche/off and iut neighbourhood,
where there hail not been any in circulation fur the last three or
four years; and that in a neighbourhood of the greatest mercantile
consideration. London and Liverpool paid three-fourths of the
customs and excise duties of all England, and Liverpool alone as
much as ell England, London excepted, and there the withdraw.
rig of small notes had had no ill edict. lie would ask if the court.
try bad not • metallic currency prior to 1797 in all parts? And
lately the manufacturing districts had not suffered so much as the
agricultural. It was not trying a new experiment, but going back
ni what was the 'Went' the currency prior to the year IPA, and lie
(Lord Liverpool) was perfectly persuaded that if small times were
not the cause of the late distrait', they had considerably tended to
loco/sae It.
The Earl if LAUDERDALE defended the Scotch banking
system, tail said, that whatever opinion he had of the measure he-
lore their Lordships, he could not agree that the present was the
proper period for bringing is forward.
The amendment was then negatived without a division, and the
Bill wee reed a second titoe. The Bills trom the Commons (see
above) were +hen toed a I tit time, sod their Loitiships adjourned
at half-past e ght.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, TUESDAY, MARCH 11.

RA3IB9ATE THEATRE.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL moved the third reading of the Run-
gala Theatre Bill.
Mr. Aldan:oast WOOL) said that ha had received a letter from

his Colleague relative to the Bill before the House. Ile felt great
reluctance to offer any opposition to the Bill in its present mar.
He understood that the erection or the theatre in question was in
opposition to the wishes of a large proportiottof the inhabitants of
Ramsgate. If the Bill passed, it would place the theatre without
the control of the local Magistrates, who could not in their official
duty retrain any irregularity which might occur in the manage-
ment of the theatre.
Mr. BERNA I. said that the proprietor of the theatre in question
had embarked all his property in the speculation, which be had
undertaken without anticipating any opposition from the inhabi-
tarts. A theatre had been established by the sante proprietor at
3largate. and had been conducted without incurring any censure;
and he could not therefore think it fair to suppose that any injury
could arise from the erection of a theatre at Ramsgate; to be con-
ducted by the same propriettv.
After a few words from Mr. Alderman Tint Ants and Sir E.
KNATCHBULL, the Bill was read a third tine.
STEAM NAVIGATION.
Mr. M. FITZGERALD bmught in a Bill to regulate the navi-
gation by meant of ships trading between the United Kingdom and
the West India Islands and the C,ontinent of Aunties.

DUTY ON MALT.
Sir E. KNATCHBULI. presented a petition from the county
of Kent praying foe a repeal of the duty on malt.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Sir E. KNATCHBULI. presented two petitions from Brand.
brook and Leman in the county of Kent, praying for the abolition
of slavery in the Colonies. He said that those petitions were
signed by highly respectable persons, that no improper means
were resorted to in order to get up those petitions, and that they ex-
pressed the opinions of those who had signed dom.
Mr. F. BUXTON said that the cause would stiffer by any tree.
guise means being resorted to, in order to bring forward such peti-
tions : the cause was in itself sufficiently strong to stand without
such aid. The only petition with which he was connected hail been
brought forwont on very different views. The petition from Nor-
folk. to which he alluded, had not been signed by any person tinder
eighteen years of age, and every care had been taken to prevent any
objectionable person from signing it.
Similar petitions were presented by Sir E. KNATCH BULL
from Mauler,. in Kent ; from Watlington ; and by 31r. P. COR-
BETT from Shrewsbury.
SCOTCII BANKS.
Mr. C. DUNDAS presented a petition from the Corporation of
Leith against any alteration in the banking evatem of Scotland.
LAU OF DEBTOR AND CREDITOR.
Mr. J. SMITH presented a petition from the bankers of Lon-
don, preying the House to take notice of the law of debtor and cre-
ditor. The lion. Gentleman said that by the law, as it stood at
present, great injury and inconvenience arose in commercial trans-
actions. The provisions of theism were deemed most unfavourable
by the proportion of persons whose assents were requisite to an ar.
rangement of a debtor's affairs. By the failures which hail taken
place in the City in the space of three months, b or fl millions of
property were shut up, which of course must inevitably be attended
with great inconvenience and injury. If the Bill which hail been
laid before the consideratipn ov the [louse had been passed, that
property would be available, and many most respectable persons
would have been spared the disgrace of becoming bankrupt—a dia.
grace the obloquy of which could never be obliterated from their
memory, and which entailed upon them most painful recollections,
ands ffixed to their posterity a stigma of reproach.
Mr. BRIGHT felt gratified that the Bill which he had intro-
duced had received attention in the House. He was glad it was
approved of. Ile was anxious to forward the Bill, because he
thought it advantageous to the interests of the British merchant.
He thought every man should have a right, in the exercise of a
sound discretion, to place his affairs in such bands as he thought
most expedient and advantageous for his interest; he thought that
every means should be devised, without violating any principle of
law, to prevent the disgrace of bankruptcy. This Bill would have
the effect to prevent its frequency, and to preserve the honour of
the British merchant.
Mr. Alderman BRIDGES approved the principle of the Bill.
Mr. ELLICE thought that an arrangement by composition was
a remedy worse than the disease, anti always ended by being at las:
thrown into Chancery. He was, however, glad the Bill was in
such hands, and hoped its operation would be extended to Ireland.
Mr. J. S.ll ITII said that in his opinion the Bill would at all
events diminish the number of small bankrupts. Ile could not
think that the provisions of the Bill would render recourse to the
Geurt of Chancery more frequent than at present.
Mr. Milli lIT said that he had received various suggestions, to
all of which he had paid every attention, and he would continue to
receive them with equal pleasure, and would avail himself of them
to give the Bill every improvement in his power. Be did not think
that the Bill could be extended to Ireland with any advantage, but
when the Bill came fairly before the llouse, then they could dis-
cuss that and any other suggestion which might be made.
AD. LOCKHART supported the Bill, which was ordered to be
printed.
SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. F. BUXTON moved that an humble address be presented
to his Majesty, praying that there be laid before the House a re-
turn of the number of slaves exported from the Mauritius and other
East India Islands, and the names of their owners, and also the
names of the places to which they were sent, since the capture of
those Islands. Also a return of the quantity of cotton exported
from the same places during the same period.
BENEFIT SOCIETIEs.
Mr. FLEMING presented a petition from the General BeniAt
Society of Portsmouth, praying that no alteration might take place
in the law relative to those Societies.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Petitions praying for the abolition of slavery in our West India
Colonies were presented from Newport by AD. Corbett; from Ton.
bridge Wells and Gondhurat, in Kent, by Mr. Bonet/wood ; from
Cambridgeshire by Lord Francis Osborne; front llotidnitlon by
Mr. Calvert; from Southwold by Colonel Wodelioupe; and from
the Moderator and Presbytery of Dundee by Mr. Lindsay.
SCOTCH CURRENCY.
Petitions were presented, praying that no alteration might be
made in the present currency of Scotland, from Cawdon by Mr.
Archibald Campbell; from Cupar Angus by Mr. Stuart Wortley;
from the Provost anti Magistracy of Dundee. from the calico
printers anti manufacturers of Perth, from the Provost and Magis-
tracy of St. Andrew's, and from Cupar in File, by Mr. Lindsay.
CORONER'S ALLOWANCES.
Mr. MACQUEEN prevented a petition from the Coroners of
the County of Kent, - --log for an increase of their allowances.

prayb.„
CARRIAGE LAMPS.
Me. ESTCOURT presented a petition fruit certain individuals,
preying that all carriages might be compelled to carry lamps lighted
upon dark nights. (Great laughter).
SCOTCH BANKING SYSTEM.
Lord A. HAMILTON presented a petition from the Noble-
men, Freeholders, and Justices of the Peace, of the county of
Lanark, praying that no alteration might take place in the present
banking system of Scotland.
Mr. IJRUMMOND said a few words with respect to the gene-
ral feeling losScotlsod as to any alteration of the present banking
system, but was wholly inaudible in the gallery.
Mr. DUNDAS said that the opiniun was general throughout
Scotland, fronn.Cumberland to Caithness, that their present paper
system nith! rot to be interkred with.
Mr. ABERCRO3IBY said that the great majority of the pe-
titions which had been presented to the House had been sent by
freeholders only, and these formed but a small portion, and could
not therefore be supposed to express the sentiments of the great
bode of the Sandi people.
Mr. ELLICI contended that the present system of banking in
Scotland was founded upon a solid basis, and, as we understood
him, deprecated the idea of extending the provisions of the Small

Note Bill to that part of the kirigoolii. •
Mr. J. SMITH, made some observations, which were inaudible
in the gallery.
Mr. Al A HERIX declared his belief that the people of Scotland
were so attached to a paper circulation that they bad not the timeliest
wish for any change. For his own part he thought a paper circu-
lation preferable to one of gold, and he should therefore support its
continuance as far as regarded Scotland, particularly as no reason
had been advanced to prove the expediency of an alteration.
Mr. 11. DRUMMOND. said, that if the Hon. Member for Co•
rentry (Mr. Ellice) could convince him that the banks in Scot-
land, as well as the system, were solid, still would he contend that
a committee was the more necessary, that these :acts might be in-
quired into.
3lr. H. (11,.TRNEY was inaudible.

Colonel J(111 &.4)N said that the people of Scotland never had
any opti)n as to whether they should have paper or gold. He he-
never! If the sentiments of the people in that portion of the empire
were generally known, they would be found to be congenial to those
of the people of England, and no: quite accordant with the opinions
of those gentlemen who had presented their petitions, and who per-
haps had an interest in encouraging a paper circulation.
dlr. BARING belie►ed that the appointment of a Committee at
the present time would be an injudicious measure, breanse he be-
lieved that the opposition on the part of Scotland was unanimous
against any alteration of their currency. Ile believed the Right
lion. Gentleman (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) would find it
more difficult to get rid of the small notes in England than was
generally Bopp tacit in that Muse; and in extending it to Scotland
lie believed the difficulty would be magnified in a most amazing
degree. Still he was satisfied that the measure was good for no-
thing unless it was to be extended to Scotland ; but, to insure sue.
teas the utmost caution was to be observed in every advance to•
wards the consummation of the wishes of the Right Ilon. Gentle.

man. '

The OM NCELIAM of the EXCHEQUER wished to be
understood that he never entertained the slightest intention of sub.
mining any proposition to the Committee which might hereafter
be formed, as to whether Scotch Banks were solid or otherwise.
There war no parliamentary ground for establishing a commission
to make such fan inquiry. Ilia object was, that inquiry should be
made to ascertain how far it was desirable to continue a small note
circulation in Scotland after it had been abolished in England. The
result of the labours of such a Committee ;night perhaps satisfy
hint (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) that it was not desireale
ro extend the provisions of the mall note Bill to Scotland, or other-
wise it might have the effect of convincing the itthabimnis of that
kingdom that the measure was eminently calculates to render them
an essential service.
dlr. HUJI C said that lie had presented petitions from a variety
of places in Scotland, all praying that nu vlteration might be mete
in the banking system of that country. These petitions were, for
the most part, agreed to at public meetings, sometimes numerously
attended and without a single dissentient voile. He protested
against its being received as an opinion that Scotland was not uni.
ted in opposition to the measure.
Mr. ARERUIOMBT and dlr. DttXDAS mutually explained,
after which the petition was ordered to lie on the table.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

Lord ARCHIBALD HAMILTON then presented similar
petitions from the Prevost and Magistracy of Elgin; from the s
Provost and Magistracy of !fleeting ; from the manufacturers of
Elvin ; and from the inhabitants of Banff.
Mr. BANE ES presented a petition from the Trusters of the
British llitiseum, praying that the annual grant might be cond.
nued.—Ordered to he printed.
:Sir F. 03131 A NEY Presenter)a petisinn from some part of the
county of Leitrim, praying the House to take into its consideration
the expediency of devising some means to promote emigration from
Ireland. The Honourable Baronet also read a letter, we believe
from some person in Upper Canada, expressive of the good effects
which had resulted from the measurer already adopted in former
instances.
The petition was read, and ordered to be printed.
Sir ROBERT WILSON said that he should move fora return
of tavern expenses charged by the Commissioners of Bankruptcy
fur the last three years, and also for a return of the number of war-
rants issued into the county of Surrey from the Courts at West-
minster Hall.
Mr. E gave notice that he !tumid move for a return of the
number of Crown debtors—and an account of the clothing that had
been furnished to the army since the termination of the war.
EqUITABIJE AnJUSTM ENT.
Mr. HUM E said that he held in his hand a petition which
pointed nut the great evils which resulted from the continual varia-
tions which occurred in the currency of the country. It came from
Charlet Andrew Thornton, of Chiswick, in the county of 31fletlle-
sex. The petitioner, who is now a bankrupt, under a commission
of the Chancery Court, stated that he and his father, in the year
1702 were posiessed of 300.11001. Console. Soon after the com-
mencement of luktilities with France, they were. in conjunction
with thousands of others, euffering from the freest rise in the prices
,of property and labour. The petitioner was obliged to sell out at a
loss of 85,0110 L, occasioned by the depreciation of Consols, which
were reduced from 92 to 63. Fin ling that the remaining 265,0001.
of money which their consols w ruld produce watt getting deterior-
nted in quality, anti not. in fa:t, worth more than 90,00111.. Mee
determined to invest it In laid. In 1810 they did devote 72,0001.
in the purchase by ready money and incidental expenses of stn
emit:, under the Court of Chancery, its the county of Hertford.
They also min-based different farms in other counties at an ex-
pense of 33.166!. in ready money. In 11;11. after the suspension of
cash payments, the petitioners bargained with Dr. Trenchant for an
estate, for which 110,0001. was to be given. Of this, 5.5551. was de-
posited. hut, from defects of title, the expenses in 1018. including
purchase money and interest. amounted to 65,1181. which the path.
timer was obliged to pay to Dr. Trenchard. In the year 1811, re-
! thinner and his father, in addition to the investment of the
money in land, embarked extensively in the business of wine.mer-
! chants. here they sustained a loss of 60.0001. on their money paid
dow n,antl ,his loss was caused by a sudden reduction in the price of
wine. In 1621, another change was brought about in the currency
by the return to cash payments. by which the petitioner was again
ruinously affected on the principle of reaction. The result of the
entire proceeding, with respect to Dr. Trenchard, was, that by the
various changes which occurred, that gentleman received a balance
tat 32.332/., without any equivalent whatever to petitioner, who
was obliged to pay that sum. The Doctor's estate was in his pm-
session uninjuted, and yet he meant to apply to die Court of Chan-
cery for permission to take possession of petitioner's other estates,
In which, Wile should succeed, he will have obtained 104,a2i. of the
petitioner's property without any equivalent. He (Mr. Hume) did
not are how that House could interfere to give relief as prayed for
by the petitioner, who recommended the principle of an equitable
adjustment, whereby contracts should 'oe completed throughout, in
all their details, according to the value of the coin at the time of their
commencement. The petitioner alleged that it was a maxim in
law that there was nn wrong without a remedy. As the Courts of
Law would not act in his favour, he had, therefore, petitioned that
House.
An Honourable Member, whose name we could not learn,
made some observation, which was inaudible in the gallery.
Mr. lIIONCK did not think that Dr. Frencbard could be
blamed for Raining by the loos of the petitioner. It was a matter
independent of either, to detefmine originally what would be the
result of the transactions in which they engaged. However he saw
no remedy for the mischief. The Courts of Equity could not step
forward to correct the Acta of Parliament in favour of an indivi-
dual, nor could the Equitable Adjustment be adopted. The time
had gone by. It should have been Rend on after twenty-five years
of depreciated currency. The difference between England and
France in this case was aot in the degree of the disease,
but in the time to be taken for the operation of such a regi-
men. The case detailed in the petition should be a warning to
Government not to tamper with the currency, the fluctuations of
which were found to produce such disastrous consequences to inno-
cent individuals.
Mr. HU3IE explained, and the petition was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SYKES presented a petition from the candle-makers of
some place of which we did not hear the name, praying for a re-
duction of the duty on tallow.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. MA BE RIX said that he should :stove fur the gross and net
amount of the receipts at the Post-office and Custom-house during
the titst nine weeks of the years 1825 anti 1826; and also an ac-
count of all money received into the Exchequer and paid thereout,
and of the balance for die time between the sth of January, 1825,
and sth January, 1826.
Mr. S. RICE presented a petition from some part of the county
of Limerick, praying for means of emigration.—Ordered to lie on
the table.
Lord NUGENT moved that an humble address be presented to
his Majesty by such Members of the House as were of the Privy
Council. for a return of the salaries of the Governor and Lieu-
tenant-Governor of Jamaica and the Leeward Islands, and of the
Chief Justices of the Courts and of the Clerks of Arraigns in the
same places, distinguishing between the salaries paid from this
country and those voted by the Colonial Legislative Assemblies.
EMIGRATION.

Mr. W. HORTON rose. according to notice, to move for a
Select Committee on the subject of emigration. The subject was
not novel, for it had been already in the course of trials. In 1823,
326 persona had been sent out to Lipper Canada as emigrants, at an
expense of 22/. each. There was not a shadow of doubt that the
expense thus incurred had been productive of great benefit. as the
Indi/ideal* who were the ohjeets in that instance were very cont•
fertahly settled at present in Upper Canada. The number of mi.
grants sent out in 1825. in furtherance of the principle cf 1823,
was on a more extensive scale. They amounted to 3,024, and
the expense dig not exceed the former estimate 221. each per.
eon. For that aunt those individuals had been sent out from Ire-
land—from a state of wretchedness to a situation of comfort. The
emigrant,' were paupers, and insapable of providing for themselves
in their own country. The change was therefore from misery to
competency. For the details he would refer to the Appendixes of
the Reports of the years 11123 and 1824 on the subject. It would
be sufficient for him to mention, that the first emigration had sue.
seeded, and that the second was in such a state of progress as indi-
cated a similar result. Various accounts had been received of the
condition of the emigrants settled in Upper Canada, and these con.
coned in representing them as being in great prosperity, and con.
ducting themselves with the highest propriety, and giving the most
meritorious examples of decorum. They were fully identified with
the other inhabitants. The Hun. Member read a letter tram 3lr.
Fitzgibbon, a respectable resident in the place, which testified to
the facts concerning the emigrants comforts and prosperity. The
Hon. 3lember also read a letter from one of the emigrants, dated
September, 1823, to the sante cfftct. lie then called on the House
to institute a comparieon between the different modes in which the
emigrants lived in Canada and in Ireland. The accounts received
from Canada were of a moat cheering character, and formed a strik-
ing contrast to the Report of the evidence given by Doctor Doyle,
General Bourke, and those other gentlemen who had been examin.
ed on the state of Ireland. That was the effect of merely trans-
porting them from one country to the other. At the time when he
had made tke motion far emigration, in 1825, the lion. Men•ber
for Aberdeen (Mr. Hume) and an lion. Baronet not now in his
place, objected strongly to the proposed expetidnure, under sn im-
pression that the measure was to be permanent. It was then ex.
planted, and, be trusted, to the satisfaction of his economical op.l
ponenta, that the intention of Government was to prove the practi-
' eability of the plan, and by their success induce public-spi.
rited individuals to embark in similar enterprises. Now, it ap-
peared to him that this matter could be best determined In a
Select Committee, which would be enabled to examine all the
bearings of the subject, and to apply the results of the expe-
rience which had been derived from Upper Canada. lie
had little doubt but the Hon: Member for Aberdeen would
recollect that when the Committee was appointed to inquire into
the state of Ireland, Mr. s.l•Culloelt, who was examined, was asked
whether, in his opinion• it would be advantageous to encourage
I the emigration of a helpless anti dependent family, consisting of
four, at an expense of Pit!., which would be allowing 201. for each
individual ; when, if they remained in Ireland, they would con-
tinue burthensome to the amount of 201. a year. And here he
would observe that it was not an emigration of property or
capital that was contemplated, but a relief of Ireland ftom
its burdens, sod by making their exertions available, a
a profitable employment of these distressed individuals in the colo-
nies. The reply of Mr. M'Culloch was, "If you can save a yearly
expense of 201., at the tate of four years' purchase, and can lay the
landlords under an obligation not to allow the vacancy occasioned
by the emigrants to be filled up by 0111CTNOlear, front Mr. Iltintej
it will imqueationahly be advisable to do so." Now lie did not say
this opinion was right or wrong; but when he recollected that the
Honourable Gentleman (31r. Hume) a few evenings ago observed
" there was nothing so absurd, so farcical as this emigration •" and
even quoted the name of 3lr. Itl•Culloeft, he (Mr. Ili:orlon)
thought he might be excused quoting the opinion of this gentle-
man. The principle and essence of well-directed emigration
was, that individuals should be localised—that they should
be assisted in the erection cf their houses, and be afforded
. .

the means necessary for the V early cultivation of their pos.
sessions. The question, of course, mixed up with thla wan,
whether it was better, under all eircumatances, to trade with your
own colonies or not. He thought this inquiry ought to be insti-
toted by Parliament. It cught to be ascertained whether the pre-
sent sy►tem was not ausceptible of such improvement as would ren-
der the colonies valuable appendage* of the empire. !le was not
desirous of trespassing any further on the time of the House, not
appreliertling any opposition to what he had to move. Ile would
make ore oilier observation. While such attention was being
paid to the criminal law of the country, -should they not ask what
would diminish crime in Ireland ? if emigration was calculated to
retie the tlistre,,:s of that country, and restore it to tranquillity,
he thought it would be conceded to him that it was worthy or sup.
port The Honourable Gentleman concluded with moving that a
Set 'et Committee he appointed to inquire into the expediency of en.-
cou aging emigration.
Mr. 1iC311.; would not oppose the measure of the Honourable
Manlier; for he was satisfied it' this question was inquired into as

proposed, the report of the Committee would be against the country
expending its money to forward emigration. He would now repeat,
what he had said before, that it would never answer to incur the ex-
pence necessary for sending the poor out of Ireland. The opinion
of 111 r. M`Cullocle which had been quoted, did not refer to the ex-
tension of this einq,eratinn. in reference to this he had said, "it
might be advisable if they had money enough. On being asked
whether he thotigla the emigration of 100,000 would relieve Ire-
land, he said No; that, in his opinion. the emigration of this num-
ber would be a mere nothing. He said also, that sending away
600,000 might make some difference, if you could prevent a repro.
duction, without which you would have in two years the same
amount of population, it being admitted that population always in-
creased in proportion to the means of subsistence. Supposing.
then, a necessity tOr sending away :010,000, would the House con-
sent to expend 10,000.001. that it might procure for Ireland relief
that would only extend to one or two years ? In his opinion it
was absurd to think of it; the country, lie was sure, could not sup-
port such sort of expense. Though he rested on the opinion of Mr.
'Culloch on this question, he was not prepared to agree in all the
principles or opinintoi of that Gentlemsn. It was unnecessary for
the Grovernmeut to incur such an expense for another mason. Every
body knew that if he could find a passage to America with a few
pounds in his pocket, he could establish himself in business for life.
Another fact lie would state was, that by confining the trade to our
own colonies, we got bad goods at a high price, while, if it were
not an confined. we might get better articles at a cheaper rate.
Mr. SPRING RICE made a few observations, we believe in
'option of emigration.
Mr. BERNAL observed, that the emigrant, on his arrival at the
seat of Government, had to encounter ninny ditliculties. Ile wished
to ask the Honourable Gentleman if they had still to pay the fees ?
Mr. W. 11( OR TON said they had been withdrawn. There had
been an entire change in this respect.
Mr. Alderman WOOD htul passed emigrants from day to day ;
and he had no doubt, it' tine Honourable Gentleman wished to ex-
tend the operation of his system, many of his constituents would
have no objection to receive 20/. 'or a mallet or larger suet, as an
inducement to emigrate. lie had not any doubt about being able
to furnish the Honourable Member ten a day for the next twelve
months.

The motion was then agreed to.
FRIENDLY SOCIETIES.
Mr. COURTENAY moved for leave to bring in a bill to eonso.
!Mate and amend the laws relating to Friendly Societies. lie
thought the members of these societies ought to be plac:d in a situa-
tion of greater security.
Mr. CB F:TW YNDE knew of instances in which magistrates
had refused altogether to recognise the rules of these societies. Ile
thought the Savings Banks now e►tabli.hed were caclulated to sup.
plant them. These banks were. in his opinion, superior to the
societies, as they afforded a greater security.
Leave given.
