Bonasseau was false. To this assertion it was ob-
jeaed that he had been uniform in his relations to
every body, tram the Ist Frimaire to the 25th, the
there could he no mistake in the description that he
had given of Card in and Gilbert, who had false-
hood marked on much of what they said, and which
as evident to every individual who knew Gilbert.
'rhe Counsel for Cardon contended that the ac-
tse.t. hail previously engaged to replace A conscript
E.ToCi francs, and having. received a part of the
Loney, was established in an excellent situation ;
it he could not be supposed to covet the property
. Bonasseau, which was very moderate, and pol-
lute himself with a crime for which he had no ap-
arent motive. That he could not have accom-
panied Bonasseau to the inn, since the innkeeper
vhere the report was made could not recollea him.
This innkeeper told the Court that he could not
call to mind one of tinee intividu ds whom lie had
served the day spec fled, who pressed the two others
go away, and they appeared to detain him. He
coseld not recoll:a Cardon, neither ersuld he affirm
that he was not one of the three individuals who
'erne to him.
The Counsel contended f tr the innocence of Car-
don, on the grounds of the neglect of all precaution
the part of the aecthed. "He went,' said he,
to his corps. according to the route appointed;
presented hiinseif to the General Officer, under
is own name; entered tegularly into the service,
ind was arrested at the moment he was mounting
;turd. Teis condua of Cardon fears no scrutiny,
nil is that of an innocent person; the condill of
Gilbert, who had absconded, is that of a culprit."
I'he President then observed to the Jury, that the
part which Cardon had taken to go to Hs corps was
iedispensilde, since he had no, other papers hut the
map of his route ; that he might believe lltmself
sheltered•from suspicion under the military habit,
and persnade himself that he could thus conceal
with impunity his villanies in the rank's of valour.
The Jury retired to deliberate at about three
O'clock yesterday, and remained for twenty four
hours. To-day, at three o'clock, they declared they
ciuld not afire to return an unanimous verdia.
They again retired, to give a return of the absolute
mainity. According to this return, they unani-
moody agree, that it was. certain that a homicide
had been comm ‘ted on the body of Bonasseau,
and were of opinion, that P. 1,. Caron w is not con-
vieted of having cianmeted that homicide. Six
voices have given it agaiest six others, that Ca:don
had. het co-operated iu this homicide, ard, in con-
sequence of doh., the Ca,urt acqoitted P.. L. Cardon,
and ordered him to he set at liberty.
Before Cardon left the Bar, the President address-
ed him in the following words, which made a lively
impte-sion on. the Court :
l'ierre Louis Cardon, a capital accusation im-
pended neer your head, and a single voice would
have Ihrceil Justice to strike the blow of death.
You have been acquitted of thid horrible accusa-
tion; but you only owe this advantage to the a;is-
pesition of the law, which will,, that in case of
division in the Jury,. the accused canne: be declared
coaviaed.
" This absolution, which restores you to liberty,
cannot clear you to society; perhaps your con-
science is itself astonished, and whispers to you, that
you are acaptitted, but are not the less criminal.
s. Justice dares to hope that this indulgence may
draw you back to probity, or at least that tear will
prevent you from executing any bad design that you
may form.We hope,that if you are culpable, remorse
and repentance will prevent your co.nrnetting new
crimes, and you now learn from me, that it ever
your condua brings you Apia into this Court, you
can no more expel to escape with impunity.
" Above all, we hope that the deity, who have
doubted of your culpability, may not one day have
reason to lament over the crimes which you may
hereafter commit, and subject themselves to hear it
said, th it an 'mnest citieen would not have perished
under the assassinating steel of Cordon, it lie had
been punished in the first instance."

TIRE BRIT4SII

I. /NOON,
SATURDAY. Apart. 13.

We have translated front one of the latest of the
Fr nch Papers. the iternt of the trial for a murder
committed near \ incenncs. We understand from a
private letter, that it has produced much conversa-
tion at Paris. Nothing could be more clear than
the guilt of the prisoner, yet he was acquitted ; one
half of the Jury being for, and the other against
him; in which case, bT the laws of France, a Ter-
dift of acquittal follows. The enemies of Boma-
, PARTE, availing themselves of this circumstance,
have insinuated that this has been the aft, if not
of the Government, certainly of its creatures. The
scene of the murder being near the wood of Vin-
cennes, is supposed to have saved the life of
the Prisoner. His execution or his pardon would
have alike revived the memory of the horrid mur-
der of the Duke D. k:NOMIEN, near the same
spot. Had the Government foreseen the cir-
cumstance, the trial probably would never have
taken place. The intriguers and plotters against
Bo AAAAA TE say, that if the murderer being found
guilty should receive a pardon, it would have ex-
. cited odium against the EMPEROR ; and that his
punishment for a crime committed by the Eta P EROR,
on the sante spot, and under circumstances still
more atrocious, would afford room for com-
ments still more unfavourable to the Corsican.—
It is certain that this trial has made more noise,
and been more dwelled upon in Paris, than many
others much more interesting. In a country where
morality and religion have been sir lung extinguish-
ed, and the passions have ranged without controul,
horrors have become familiar to the mind. It is,
therefore, probable, that the recent murder near
Vincennes has bean placed in so prominent a view

for a particular purpose. We also know, that the
fears and jealousy of the Tyrant are as much
awake as ever. But it is only from private let=
tors that this, or any th:ng else ungrateful or
adverse to Government can be known. Years have
elapsed since the *Paris papers dared to insinuate
any circumstance nnfavon,-ahle to Government
Tiieir slavery, however, does not yet appear coed:
plete, as it is a fan well known, that new mea-
sures of severity have been introduced against
the Public Press in France, and the Editors of se-
veral of the Paris papers h ive been ;arrested for
inserting certain articles without the previous per-
mission of Government. How proud then ought
Englishmen to be of their free Constitution and the
Liberty of the Press which they enjoy ?--And yet
there are some who would degrade the one and de-
stroy the other. A paper of yesterday, that sees
every thing with a jaundiced eye, and sickens at
the sight of excellence, dates to calumniate the
Parliament and the Public l'ress, in the case of
Lord MELVILLE, which has made so deep an im-
pression upon the public mind, and rahed the
House of Commons so high in the estimation of the
people. The charge brought forward against that
Nobleman, and prosecuted with such success, is now
abused as the device of a party, to get into power.
" The sole objea of those who opposed Lord
Met.vii.xt," says the paper to which we allude.
" is, to turn out Mr. PIT r, and get in themselves."
Never were so honourable an aa, and *so just and no-
ble a motive, • sn misrepresented and aspersed by so
foul a calumny! 1)o Mr. WILBERFORCE and his
friends. who added so much to the Majority against
Lord MILVII.I.E, seek to bring in Mr. Fox? Are
we to be 'old that the SPEAKER, whose vote decided
the day, is anxious to turn nut the present Ministry ?
Has not that very pr:nt proved itself unequal, not
only to defend, but even to palliate the condua of
Lord M et.vaL ? It is base to tarnish the glory of
contest, by charging it as a party struggle, and attri •
hitting to paltry views of place and pensioi:, a deed of
Spartan virtue, an aft flowing from the purest sense
of right and justice ; an aa which will give a cha-
raaer to the political era in which we live, and
deserves to be recorded in the brightest page of
history.

Public rumour his produced two new successors
to Viscount MELVILLE; as First Lord of the Ad-
miralty, in the persons 1 Lords liratat and Ho on.
We are assured the pl.ace has been offered to Earl
Sr enetv, and refus^d by his Lordship. We be-
lieve. however, nothing ccrtail has been yet de-
cided upon in that quart;r. • Some mention Earl
Sr. VINCENT ; hot they have no ground for their
confidence, but tbei- szood wishev.

. -
On Mon J ty His Ma: es: r will take the diversion
of stag hunting.
Yeiterday morning the 110,91 AN AMBASSADOIt
trans:Oleo business .tt Lord Mei OItAVL'A office.
Monilay.biddings for the Irish Loma of 1,800,0001.
w-te ret eived at the Trea-orry of Dublin ; but we sit .
deist sod that nothing yet has been decided as to the
terms to be accepted.
The Dori+ Journals contain the following im-
portant article :
•• Thz Decree of flit M.iesty the E.npemr, directing that
e 4nni.il peskier imp. rted into F.eneh ports in vessel.: hoot
&Orden, should be seized and confiscated, has been pi..t r• •
pealed. , Cooseciently, colonial produce fio.n ports in erthrlt
there are no Fo•tich C..nimisseties are actinissib'e into nor
;ions, II ,Oe zomtition that French manulactores to the trami
ant mut shalt be exported for them. In other respects, tt.ei
rrmi.sion of Ills Majesty is only piortsional, sod to cont.thie
in f nec till f wither o,d.rs."
The Captain of the Spanish frigate Fame, detained
by the Lively frigate, Captain /la mop. n, took his
passage to Spain in a Swedish ship, which sailed
from P rtsmouth on Thursday.
The report of a number of the enemy's flotilla
at Boulogne having been driven ashore to the North
East of that port, is confirmed. They have been
several times reconnoitred by the Cyviet sloop of
war, and their number is ascertained to be seven-
teen, eight of which are brigs, and the remainder
luggers or small armed vessels. They had, on
Monday, ttseir Incisors out, for the purpose of heav-
ing off ; but they have in general received so much
damage, that it is supposed impossible for them to
succeed. Waggons, and a variety of conveyances
employed to carry off the masts, spars, stores, &c.
were distinaly seen along the chore by our cruisers.
These vessels were a past of the Dieppe division,
and were wreelvd whileattempting to join the grand
depot at Boulogne. The only vessel which has
sailed from Boulogne for the last fortnight, is a lug-
ger privateer, which succeeded in making Iteriescape
to the Southward, last Sunday. One of our crni's-
ers was soon after dispatched in pursuit of her.
The naval force in the different depots at Bou-
logne is supposed to exceed at this moment, in all
descriptions of armed vessels, the number of fif-
teen hundred. No extraordinary movement among
the troops in the vicinity of Boulogne, nor any ma-
terial alteration in the encampments along the coast,
has taken place of late.
We learn with regret that His MAJLSTY'S gun.
brig Bowser► has been lost near Dieppe. Slw
struck upon a sandbank, and heat out her bottom.
Th- officers and men were all saved, and are now
prisoners in the interior of Franac.
The first division of that remarkably fine regi-
ment, the Fourth, or Kin's On n Infantry, marched
from Canterbury on Mond..y morning, on their
route by Maidstone for Horsham, in Sussex ; the
second end third divisions followed on Tuetd.y and
Wednesday : this movement has taken place in con-
sequence of Lord CtIATHAMI'S removal to the Susses
d' 11, his Lordship wishing to have this regiment,
of which he is Colonel, under his own immediate
command.

