111 E QUEEN.

Sir 111ENSY Martian returned to Kew on
Tuesday afternoon, in time to join Sir ERA NCIS
ftltusiits in making • report to the PRINCE RE-
GENT, upon his arrival, of the stale of his afflicted
Parent. tier MAJESTY was more manmade, and
experienced a greater degree of case on Tuesday
evening than she had done in the morning. The
PRINCE ItEGEbT reinaimd in anxious attendance
till half-past twelve o'clock, when his Royal 11.gh-
nese returned to Carlton-House. Huth the Ductors
visited her MAJESTY yesterday morning soon after
eight o'clock, and afterwards sent utt a full report
of the state of the QUEEN during the night to the
Panics Hat:ENT, and the following public But-
letin

" Kew Palace, November 11, 1818.
"'McQueen Ins bad boat sleep i• she night, mid
jriply mous, very marls indisposed.
" F. AMMAN,
" 11. 11.11SORD."

About noon, her MAJEsTY bring its a rittriposett
stair, Sir HEN I.FORD left Kew for London,
and, during Isis waited on the PRINCE RE-
GENT st C.►:ltou-IIou•e, to report the '.rte of
the QUEEN, amd remained wills his Pio) sl Ihigh-
ne►s MIMIC tune. Its the evensitg Sir lIENaY If A
roaD returned to Kew to dinner.

The Duke of YORK arrived at Kew yesterday
soou err three o'clock, and remained at the l'a-

late upward. of an tour, and returned, to town.
His Royal Highness drove himself iu his curriele.

We have received Buis Papers of Sunday last.
There leave biro some fluctuations in the prices of
the funds, *Mich closed on Friday some few cents.
lower than on the preceding 'lay. The Five per
Cents. were at 70 *(tines ter insidey, and •7:3 fur
account. It appears by this that the assucistion of
merchants and capitalist*. of Buie, who iigreed io
purchase's large amount of stock, if neceisary, has
not es yet produced any very favourable results
unless, indeed, we ire to attribute the cessation in
the decline of the market to the coofidience inspired
by their engagements. A great scarcity of money
is said to be experienced in Paris, and slim in
Vienna sod other towns on the Cuntiueot, whiai
might possibly have some effect upon the priCes of
the funds. St. Petersburgh is pointed to, as
absorbing the greatest quantity of the valuable
metals; but whatever inconvenience may vise from
any great and unusual demand for gold and
io dine or two pliers, it must be only temporary.
and will cease os SO4lll as the large loans now con-
tracting by the Governments of France and Russia
skull be finally effected.
We are happy to perceive by a paragraph in one
of the Paris limpets, that the King's Government
has sO for overcome the prrjudices of fiery zeal,
that his Majesty, on passing through the Fan-
bourg ale St. Antoine, was cheered by its inhabi-
tant. ! This was the quarter of Paris which
during the one hundred days NAPOLEON seemed
to think the most devoted to his interests, and the
Federea enrolled there formed a prominent fro-
tare iii the Exposog of his military strength, pub-
lished at that eventful period.

Ifirmburgh Papers to the 711 i, and BritsFels to
the Bth instant, have arrival. Aix-hi•Clrapelle
is expected to prima a most brilliant appearance
about the 1911 i instant. All the Princes of (.1.1.
many are expected there at that time. The King
of WIRTEHDERG has given a recent proof of a laud-
able i,uxiely to have none hut elinipttesit lrersrnrs is
offices of inrirartaucr. He lately dismia•rd his
Minister of F►nance for an error of one million in
his estimates. Our CHANCELLOR of the Exam-
QUER some time ago made an error of five.

In another part of our Paper will be found an,
Address from the inhabiting' of St. Helena to Sir
HUDSON Lowe, the Governor, explessive of their
consent that slavery should be ;abolished in that
island for ever. To sobriety the inconvenience that
might arise not only to families whose domestic ar-
rangements depend in a great measure upon the
number of their ►laves, but also to the unfortunate
slaves themselves, should the total abolition of
slavery be carried into immediate effect, the inhabi-
twits proposed, in fulfilment probably of the sug-
gestion of the Governor, that every child born of a
slave, from and after the :!Stlt day of December
next, shall be accounted free, by which means the
measure will be gradually but effectually
eJ. A steles of resolutions passed by the inhabi-
tants in public assembly, declaratory of their ge-
neral concurrence in this measure, awl containing

some regulations c tttttt ecteil with the subject, ac-
companied the Address. A Proclamation was int-
wiediotely issued by the Governor in Council, ap-
proving the proposal, and &elating that it should
be considered as a law of the island. Thrai event
is highly flatterisig to the character of the inha-
bitants of St. Ilelens, but we must not iii fair-
ness refuse some share in the merit of this ac-
tion to the Governor. It is Indeed asserted, that
with him the entire proceeding originated. and lie
deserves no small commendation who could plead
the cause of humanity so well, as to induce merry
individuals to sacrifice to it their interests and per.
coital convenience. The shan't of the laws pre.
viuurly existing in the island respecting ►lavery,
bore a character diametrically opposed to that re-
cently promulgated, for it required a deposit of
160/. fur every slave emancipated. Laws nearly
similar to this exist, we believe, in all our West
India Colonies, whereby many humane individuals
bare been prevented from giving their slaves liberty.
These laws are justified cis this gr that but
for some pecuniary deposit or security, >Lifts eman-
cipated might became chargeable to the commit.
city ; but no distinction is drawn between theuctive
young Negro, mid one borne down by years or
bur between taste miserably poor, and
antothe►, who, I:y his own industly or Isis master's
liberality, might be possessed of a competent live.
bliood. The justification is plioisible, but wr
suspect it is only used to conceal the political and
&Hid' motives which gave birth to thew laws su
hostile to liberty.

Our letter Gum Ouse', laird Novrinlsfr In
(Timm's)), a Ei4isirris vessels arrived this (lay
from Calais, mid about ilsz cline iiisfuhrr yesterday,
chiefly auk cavalry, colossi tug of nit. 211 awl 3,1
regisiseuts Dragoon Guards, umd also sevrial Sniff
Office's, aiuuugst whom were lt/liskir-Clcurral Lard
EDWARD SOMERSET, his family uud suite."

Yesterday a Court of Directors war held at the
East I idle House, when Captain C. S. Timms,
oils swum into the c I of the slots Bridge-
water, coilbsguril to China illftut.
Lord JOHN I:IA.OUL, alio is lately returned
from the Continelll, iiitendi to be sine of the
dictates at the ensuing Election fur IVestsisistater.
Ile is to lie t•tipportell by the Whig sod ltualtit
interot.—( 1. reniag Paper.

Va. •!, t
*cr.
44‘,VIZ-2..ART.;S 11" oz.
T3ff A - e.—•• - •
fi (PIO •
• uitt.,

POETRY.

TO A PIMPLE ON TOWS NOSE.
(Tilt HINT FROM TWO OLD trIURANIA.)

Thrice reel that Idosanin is, alas!
. And thrice red has it been:—
Red in the grape, red is the glass,
Red on thy nose ',is wen.
Als Tura:, at that red, reel, red blot
Thy well-, ishera betr.i! ;
They say the aeo N cis of that spot
'Tia makes illy pour wife PALE.

FASMOVABLE ARRIVALS sold Dgl'AnnllZE.S.
