TWENTY-SEVENTH BULLETIN.

VALLADOLID, JAN. 9.
The Duke of Dalmatia, after the battle of
Pieros, proceeded to wipe' the English from the
poet of Piedra Fella. He there took 1,500 English
pnsouers, tire peeves of cannon, and several cais-
sons. The enemy was obliged to destroy a quan-
tity of baggage and stores. The precipices were
filled with them. Such was their precipitate flight
and uoidubion, that they left behind them in their
carriages* quantity of gold unit silver. The pro-
perty that has fallen into our hands, is estimated at
two millions of livrva.
Hairs& the English cavalry is on foot. Since
our departure from Bemavente, up to the sth Mat.
we couuted on the road 1000 English horses that
had been killed.

The reuiains of Roman's army are found wan-
deriag about in all directions. Tle• rintutins of the
tinny of Majorca, of Iberia, of and of
Na.les, are made prisoners.
The Spanish peasunt.y have no mercy on the
English. Notwithstanding the strictest orders to
the contrary. we every day find a uumber of Lug-
lish assassinated.
The Duke of Belluao is on the Tagus.
Tne whole of the Imperial Guard is Carmen-
treed at 1'1'164,141.
Tbecitimi of Valladolid, of Palencia, Segovia,
• Ayala. Aisterga, Leon, Ice. have sent numerous de-
putatioos t the King. •
The city of Madrid has particularly distinguish.
ed itself. Twenty-eight thousand tire hundeud
heeds of families have taken the oath of allegiance
before the holy Surrausent. The citisens have
promised krasinsperial Majesty, that if he will place
bis brother os the Throne, they will serve hits with
all their efforts, and defend Into with all that
means.

DIPERIAL PARUAMXNT.
MOUSE Of LOILIIS,Tveromr, hr. at.
"Ile LORD On emus reed to their Lordships

the answer of Sir David Baird to their late Iffibes.
Thanks. wherein that gallant Officer expresses his
just sense of the high honouecouirrred upon him
by that House, and observes, that it was the fourth
time of his being rewarded in a similar manner ;
sad further states, that he shall consider it his
duty to dedicate the remainder of his life to the
service of his country.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY moved the
Thanks of the House to the Bishop of Oxford, for
kis sermon of yesterday, preached in the Abbey
Church of Westminster, and that the same be
printed.—Agreed to.,
DUKE OF YORK.
The Earl of Surroca rose for the purpose of
making a few observations upon a subject of con-
siderable importance. Certain insi 111 l idiom had
been raised amongst the public, which, in this par-
ticular state of affairs, might Ibe attended with in-
jurious consequences. It had been stated that there
was great deficiency in the present discipline of
our army. Now lie considered it his duty, as a mi-
litary inan, to assert, on the contrary, that our army
never bud been in so good a state of discipline us
at the present time, and the merit was due to
the Royal Duke, the Commander-in-Chief. He
thought proper to instance the change which had
taken place in his own regiment, where the Lieut.-
Colonel, through age incompetent to his situation,
continued in office until lie was properly removed
on that account by his Royal highness. With
regard to the discipline of oar troops, nothingcould
evince it better than their conduct under the gal-
lant General Sir John Moore, for if we consider the
ar.ny which fought at Corunna had marched the
great distance of about 480 miles, suffering the
greatest hardships, without a supply of provisions,
or if they had a supply, without time to dress
them. and after having been fatigued and op.
=with privations of every kind, their
I:engaged and defeated a superior number of
the enemy, atTorded a weighty proof of their good
Mate of discipline. It was also his duty to advert.
to what had been said concerning the Military Col-.
lege at Marlow, namely, that it was of no utility
to the public; because, being en officer, lie was
convinced it was, on account of the instruction
communicated, of essential benefit to the commu-
nity. Ile had taken the opportunity of making
these few remarks, not with an intention of ground-
iug any motion upon theta, but from a wish to set
the public right ou this subject, relative to our
army.
TREATY WITH SPAIN.
The Duke of NOUFOLK observed, that a Treaty
of Alliance with tho_2 who have the powers of Go-
vernment in Spain, hit! hero ineutioned in His
Majesty's Speech, and it had been stated by Minis-
tees, that the Papers necessary eon this subject
• would be laid before the House; but not nen.
any Papers of that dericription, he wished to m
quire, if any circuinstunees bud transpired which
might prevent or delay their communication ?
The LORD Cusrettl.t.oe, in answer, said, the
communication would be made as soon as possible,
and, he might venture to say, satisfactorily to the
Noble Duke.
Further proceedings in the case of Pemberton,
e. Oakes, and in the Scotch Appeal, Smith e.
M'Neale, were postponed till Friday next.—Ad.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

' The Sra•ataft informed the Hones he bad received •
letter from Sir David Baird, in which that gallant Officer
repeated to signify the acknowledgments of the array en-
der his rommaud, as well as his own, for the high honour
conferred on theta by the Vote of Thanks of that
The letter was ordered to be eatesei oa thaJournals of the
Routh
CITY OF LONDON.
The Sheriffs of the City of Landow appeared at the by of
the House, and promoted a Pettliss frets the Lord Mayor,
Aldermen, sod Commons, praying the &abet assistance of
that House towards coverlet lath etheattua the plat. fur
'ideate' the eotranee into Leaden by Tempiestar. The
Politica was refereed to • Committee.
Sir Twos As Miami*, apse the gelled st. the Committee
far that PerProts mired for, end abeam' leave I. being in
a bill for the better supplying the tows ef Portsmouth with
water.
The CILIIIICSLLOR lithe E2ClrAjUtil UllOlOl theThalts
of the Moan to their Chaplain, the itcveread Cherie,
Prohy, far hie essthea reached by order before them Teeter-
dey.—sOrdered.
COMMITTEE OF SUPPLY.
The HOMO, accordiag to the Order if the Day, resolved
itself iota • Committee of the whole Hesse to consider of a
impply ma be vented to His Majesty ; and the Speech of
His Majesty's Ciamadesioners was referred to the Cum-
Mr. PrTYR Mouse reiterated the qmestioe he had so
often put to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, relative to the
productie• of the accounts of the expenditure of the last
year, preview to the House going into the cuesideration of
granting • fresh supply.
The INerrs WCTILLOR of the Escalator"' returned the same
sneer r he had done before, that he expected they would he
reedy in the usual way, trot if any delay should occur, he
should be tied to receive such information as slioald remedy
it. He, however, did not consider this as an Litterbug for
resisting the eaudecent to the ('rows.
Mr. SIOOIIt eunid not conceive .ay red ground for de-
lay, who it wr knOwo that from the excellent order and
regularity observed both in the Customs dud Excite, the
aesthete were regularly made up to the first Monday is
every wealth anddAncrrd oat the following Wednesday.
The Co •MCIELLISK of the EICISSQUIR said, Ora months
ly retires of expenditure, ae loth as receipts, mire im-
possible.
The Committee came to a resolution that • supply be
granted to His Majesty, after which the Chairman reported
pi ogress, and asked lease to sit agate , greats&
Mr. 131 Krs gave notice, that he would move for the
Papers relating to the appointment to the sitnation orf Coo-
overtime of Scots Interests in the Netherlands; as he cons' •
44 reel that apron; own. as tearing on the question of a
Mender's raeuting his seat tiputi Lis nppointnient as Con-
sul- ~.rieral in Portugal.
Mr. seer, tory VAN VI '4O presented the Papers containing
the apinoutinent of Mr. Jeffery to the office of His Majesty's
is Portugal ; which were ordered to lie on
Use table.
THE DUKE OF YORK.
Mr. WARIILS &waisted the House, that he had made
every exertion, in order to prepare himself for going into his
case at the time agreed on, foe which purpose it would be
necessary to 111111110011 a tiomber of witnesses, whose examina-
tions would lie essential • he therefore moved, and an order
was aside, feeds, attendance of the following persons at thc
aar of that House to•morrow, vie. Lieut,Cotatiel Knight,
Lind. Colonel Brooke; furtive Thymic, Bernard-street ,
Robert Knight, Erq. No 4. Dean-street, Audley.eqoare ;
Mary Anne Clarke, Westmom-place, Sloame-equare ; •
Faroe 'with the Bsokiog Books of Meeks. Coe and

UM Mph, for the year 1005 • and that Mr.Baddalph do at-
tend is his plata is that
DEBTORS.
Sir Sider* itoutt.t.s, pewswast to notice, moved fur
leave kirk, ist a Bill to ascot tbs Act of the George
essmssig ealdttitba Lseds•dist. He briefly expluiiied
Uts slearta/1V wbkb lass l• satssa the benefits of
tits mord /Ist isposses is mak* ender attachments low-
ing sat stOssrasse Itssity, Ilea Adel& they were excluded
by the letter, glassOsse kik spirit of it, as it 'wady ex-
tended to perms is custody under process issuing out of
Courts of Law. Leave was granted, and a Committee ap-
pointed to prepare sad bring is the same.
VOTE OF THANKI.
Lord CASTLIMIAGII called the attention of the House
to the Thaaks they bad returned to the Officers oho com-
manded at Cornelia. In the list of those the name uf Gene-
ral Cranford had by a mere mistake been omitted. His
Lordship, therefore, trusted, there could be no objection to
rectifying the error, by including that gallant Otbeer in the
number. It was accordingly moved and voted, "That the
Thanks of the Hoare be given to Brigadier-General Cum.
Bard for his services at the battle of Corouna."
Mr. THORWTOS, alluding to certain discussions in the
last Session', relative to the conduct of Messrs.. l'earre in a
coutrwet fur grain, wished, for the purpose of correcting
what tic felt to be ruistntements °flume facts affecting these
gentlemen, to move for a letter from them to the Secretary
at Star, dated iigth June tans, and which would throw a
proper light on the transaction. The Motion, after &owe ob-
servations by Mr. WARDS/A, on the irregularity of noosing
without notice, was withdrawn, and notice viva of it for to-
morrow.

SIR JOHN 3100 RE.
Mr. WHITGRIAD wished to be infortuid, whether it was
the iIIiCIIIIOII of Miwisters to lay before the public the letter
they had received from Sir John Moore, previous to his
fall'
Lord Carnotite Ann observed, that at this moment
there stood a Notice of • Motion relative to the conduct of
Ministers in regard to Spain; of the extent and bearing of
that Motion he should like to he informed ; and he should
think it wool(' be requisite for gentlemen intending aiqr ed.
mingling Motion, to call for several Ports, its which the
present one might be included. In particular, his Lord-
ship conceived, that the instructions sent out by his
Majesty's Ministers would be migration, rosemary to
• teir discussion ; with the reserve only of such as
should relate to auy pending aegociation ; ewes these,
perhaps, might appear not improper fur comosuaiestios ;
sod be hoped such a motion would be made with respect to
the letter alluded to. His Lordship reiniadeil the Home,
he bad already iaformed theta it hail been scut as a private
letter, being incorrect from haste, aad laming it to the dis-
cretion of His Msjesty's Ministers to make public such parte
as they should this! St. Having, b-wever, received the
dispatches from General Hope at the same time, they had
precluded the necessity of publishing even • part of the de-
ceased General's, as relating to the same topics. Is fact,
his Lordship bad felt a strong wish to publish ands parts as
were fit for the public eye, but found it wholly impossible to
separate the private from the public parts of the letter. As
to the letter, hr should certainly object giving it in au insu-
lated state; but if it liters thought lit that the whole corre-
spasticam 'Mold be made public, he had nu objection to that
ping with it.
Kr. PessowaW said, that he was very willing to elate the
geared purport oldie motion of which he hail given notice.
It was for the purpose of instituting a general inquiry into
the easdact of Mishima relative to the affairs of Spain, and
particularly with regard to the late campaign in that coun-
try. If Gentlemen on the other side of the House thought
there were any paper' necessary for their defence en that
occasion, they were at liberty to call fur them ; lie bad no
ititeutiuti ofiluing so.
General iTFW ART wished to Ise clearly understood as to
w hat he had said oft the subject on a former night. He had
received the haters marked as private, but the Ammosied Ge-
neral bad afterwards told him, that though the whole was
sot necessary, yet he wished a part of them shield be se-
'cried foe publication, as he considered them as necessary
Am his character.
MR. JEFFERY.
lard FoLgetting wished to be informed as to the 'Airy
110114171.1 to the appointment of this Geotieumn, as Consul
Genies! in Parings'.
Mr. Secs tar? CANNING, in answer, stated, His Majesty's
Ministers had instituted an inquiry into the amount of the
fees received by His Majesty's Consuls in Spain and Portugal,
and found these to amount to from 1,.5001. to so ooh. sad in
same instances to insult. elem., and that they had boost-
sated Mr. Jefiery on the same heating as the Cousul-Gencral
in North America, at • fixed salary; accordingly he was
isterined he was to receive i,501.11. a year. This was to arise
out of the fourth part of the fees to be received, in order to
(Mare their collection ; but if this should fall short of that
sous, it was to be made up to him at all events.
(INTRA.
Mr. Corry, from the Secretary of State's Oflice, presented,
at the Bar of the blouse, Copies of the proceedings in the
Armistice and Cooventiou concluded between the British and
Froask, Forces at Cintra.—They were ordered to he printed.
Mr. Dun D•s postponed bismuth:al relative to India.
ER FURTH .

Mr. Secretary C All NIN- 47; in rising to propose an
address of that House to His Majesty, acknowledg-
ing the principles upon wbivh the overtures of the
enemy bad been rejected, and expressing their de-
termination to support His Majesty, expressed his
confident expectation of nut meeting with much
opposition or die Terence of opinion on the occasion ;
but, if any, it would be rather to the line of
duct pursued on that occasion by His Majesty's Mi-
nisters, than to the principles themselves upon
which they hail conducted the ulfair ; however, he
did not feel much apprehension in regard to those
who asserted, that if the Ministry bad conducted
themselves in a different manner on the occasion,
there would have been a probable chance of re-
gaining the [debiting, of peace, convinced us he
was, that the result, in all events, must have been
the swine. If indeed it can be sheen that any just

principle has been abandoned, or any opportunity
lost, by which these blessings could have been ob-
tained, then he was free to admit blame woad-
fairly attach to them; lie should therefore apply
himself to the conduct of Ministers, ruttier than to
the discussion of principles which were so well
established. There way this singularity attendiiio
the present discossion—df Ministers had been called
on to account for their conduct, at the time when
the transaction had been recent, they should have
been obliged to use topics opposite to those id the
present day. It was agreed on by all sides, that,
at the time, if any suspicions were entertained of
them, they were those of their being likely to be
entrapped into a useless negoeiation, rather than a
disposition to reject discussion ; and this opinion
was concurred in even by those who were friendly to
the principle, generally, of losing no opportunity of
negociating. In this instance it was his opinion,
that however delusive the offer might be, they
were bound to ascertain the fart, by putting the
real intent to the proof; hut, at the strue time, he
was of opinion, if they suffered any delay in doing
so, that much and irreparable: injury would follow.
lie thought it was their duty to investigate, but to
du so with promptness auddecision.There were niauy
who were of opinion, that, under the atrocities
which hail mark. 41 the progress of Bonaparte, we
were bound to reject all overtures whatsoever.—
Others again thought that the evacuation of Spain
mud the liberation of the Royal Family shohld have
been insisted on as hetes:airy prelim iintre.. This
Ihe was willing to agree to in a moral p..in! of view ;
but he could not subscribe to the dot!.iine that

atonement was an indispensable preliminary. This
might be very splendid in theory, but it would he
hazarding our real interests to attempt acting up
to it; we all feel the outrages to :)c imprecetleated
—we Mant forget former ; but unless
morals were to goVeril sand di; net politics, c F
could never be adopted its a gi °and to areveut all at
tempt at negotiation. It was t ie•ir duty to ascertain
the intuitions of the enemy. if possible, and.
to see if any chance %%sae mforded of obtaining
peace-4o demand, thereare. the evaeustiod of
Spain as aprelimittery trout 1 haVI• been to have put
ourselves In the place of flat country, instead of
bringing , Itef'titrwitel 1:t the negociution ; it would
have Inca to ask what she herself Amnia have been
put into the situation of th•usa tiding for her:telt, :sad
ussumiug the eletracter of a protector, instead of
that of an ally ; it would also have given the
enemy Inwsrtf a right to make demand* in
the shape of ptelimmitries ; and, above all,
it would have been affording our other allis s
just ground of complaint, ns being less careful iif
their interests, though bound to them by soleitiii
treaties, than of one with whom no treaty actually
existed. Possibly indeed we might have hem at
liberty to bare demanded ttoniewhat more than we
slid; but that which we did ask, abundantly proved
that the overtures which were made were delusive.
and intended tnerely to deceive and blind tl•e
world. regard to the rights of the 'unties,
as between France and Spain, that would he evi-
dently an object of negneiation itself, and all
we had asked was for the liberty of our al-
lies to be admitted to negotiate upon those •
rights. It had been au optitiou started, that it
would have been better to have reserved the dee
mend in favour of Spain until we had mused into
the course of negociating, because the proposal of
the principle of the wti pus-ideas gave us rights
highly advantageous; hut he Ahmed we had
nothing that could be jiistified into the fair con-
struction of possession, where we stood only in the
character of Allies and not Conqu eters. This posi-
tion he had before resisted in relation to Sicily.
when attempted to be applied to our )situation in
that islet j ; even were our unfilled iti possession of
the stron • ported Spain •as cautionary towns
(a measure iitommended by.* Right Hon. Geut.)
he would have disdained the pluteiple, and re-
jected the practice. There were others who con-
tended that the pretence upon w hich the overtures
were made, was so clear to the most COIIIIIIOII WI..
derstanding, that the ought to have been rejected
in the very first instance. Upon} this, also, be dif-
fered, as not considering the pretext so very appa-
rent, as not to mall for investigation. The cou-
ferences of Erfurtle had certainly some ape-
eine object. and that might possibly have' re- •
ferenee to a restoration of peace.—lt was inn
unfair presumption, he said, for Ministers to
ge upon, that Russia, when she looked to the
fate of Spain, utireproachful, submissive Spain,
when she compared her services with the services
of that country to the power in question,: and yet
saw the treatment which that conutry had met, it
was no unfair presumption, that Russia might be
willing to negotiate sincerely ; he thought so
then; if the conferences at Erfuith were revived
again. he would entertain the same expectation.
He could not believe that Ilioneeehe world be wile
bag to dig the abyss of their owq fell; he.conld
not suppose that they would be found wanting
su
that one great ruling principle of self-preservation
planted in every bread. Had Governmeut enter-
tained such a Thought, and acted en it, how would
they be accused of mistaking, and iniseepreeentiog,
and aspersing the character they had so interpreted?
The overtures from Erfurth should be supposed
to have been candid upon the part of the pewees ,
with whom they originated. The Russian Owen-,
anent had been always anxious for Spain ; and •
though he did ant mean to lay any great stress
Moon the matimentel sympathies of mamas yet it,
tarnished, in this instance, sit impression (avowable
to tiegociation. The tneistiou of Spain was entirely' •
omitted in the overtures tranamited from Erfurth
but Spain was the object nt which all nieukind stem
looking at the time, and tIo ,tifore this Mience wag
suspicious. It was incumbent upon Government to
ascertain this pond, and for, that purpose the
name of Sushi must be introduced; all must agree
us to the necessity of this measure ; the only doubt
that could arise was, as to the wide of introducing
it; whether we should have demanded for Spain
what in our opinion she was entitled to, or whether
we should merely require that she should be ad-
mitted as a party to the negociation, end deter-
mine for herself? The latter was preferred
and
adopted ; but what was the answer of France ?
Will it be said, that, under the circumstances, she
could only return a negative Considering the cha.
meter of the present Ruler, and the objects which
lie has long pursued, 'that supposition may be
right.--s Another course, however, he might have
adopted ; he might have raid, we will discuss
'the question respecting Spain! But no; he rejects
the proposition eltogetlisr respecting that mantra,.
and says she shall not he admitted to neguutation,
because she is in it state of rebellion. We do.-
mantled no recognition, it was he demanded it ; Int
seemed from the very beginning desirous to rea-
der negociation impracticable, and commenced in
such a manner, as, had we complied with, must tea
only lead to the übandonment of the interests et
Spain, but to the suppression and extinguishment
of her very name; but he thought an illustration
necessary to explain his meaning; he drew a coins
position between the Spanish insurgents (as lie
termed them), and the Reiman Catholics of Ire.
lend. (Hear ! Attu. !) For his part, he did not
agresi in the opinion that the Roman Catholit s
of Ireland were rebels ; but supposing for a mo-
ment that they were, lag denied the application of
the case ; if they were rebels, they were rebels to a.
lawful King, vested with complete right.and in com-
plete possession. In our negociution with France we
had deniended nothing, we had resisted the de.
mends of that power ; we had not said we wanted
any thing; we had said we were unwilliug. with
one stroke of the pen, to consign a whole nation to
slavery—(Heer ie hear !) He had heard it re.
ported, that we were disputing about the title to
the government ; but this was a business in which
we did not interfere, mid which we la 41 not a ra,lit
to decide ;it was a principle, that, wh r. r a Mair
try presented to as its gove;itment, w e rust treii •
with ; but no one would admit the edict of 17-
parte to be the voice of the people of e; • •

ri

IS

r be
bove

osis else said, he understood, that the enthusiasm of
that country was excited by England, and had suf-
fered from the selection we had made for it. Ile
would appeal to them, whether, of the forty or fifty
proclamations issued from different parts of that
country, there were three which did not mention
Ferdinand VII. as the object of their choice. He
would may nothing upon the absurdity of supposing
England to have excited a general spirit of en-
thusiasm through the Spanish nation ; but he would
ask whether it was the business of Government to
recornrneud the renovation of the old stuck of
Kings ? He hoped that we never would adopt, or re-
coetinenei to the adoption of others, that part of the
d.• • ti•ines of the French Revolution, which had co-
tailed misery upon every country to which they
had found their way. He could not think it a wise
employment fur this Government to be judging of
the institutions: and intermeddling with the affairs,
of the Spanish people. We took gpain as we found
her, and did not take advantage of her misfor-
tunes to model them into an experiment. (Hear !
/tear In mentioning the Governme:it of Fer-
thrialid the Seventh, we had pledged ourselves
but to the de facto Government of Spain ; he
considered it a peculiar felicity for himself and the
Government with which he was connected, if they
were to he a , that a fact had occurred
almost iwmeiiateiy after his last letter to the
French Government, which verified and estab-
lished the impressiou under which that letter
was written. The letter was dated the 214 Oc-
tober, and on the teth Bonapartedelivered a speech,
in which lie stated his intention of crowning his
brother; thereby manifesting to Europe and the
world, how far his pacific overtures were founded in
sincerity. It had been held, he understood, by some,
that Bonaparte's successes were such as should in-
duce us to consider whatever determination he had
fixed upon,as already executed. Whatever had been
the success of that persouage, he (Mr. Canning)
could not yield the right of this country to as-
sert an intlepeudent tone for itself, and appear in,
the dignified character of defender of other na-
flow. Perhaps he was in the situation of per-
sons iii a ship, to whom the (imbue is impercep-
tible ; for he was yet to be shewii from what
circumstance it appeared, that the degradation of
Britain was effected. (Mar ! hear !) If, indeed,
she was reduced, he would recommend, that in
straggling against the adverse waves, honour should
be the last principle she abandoned in the extre-
mity of her fate. No man could be of opinion
that we should abandon Spain ; and it was the
sentiment of all, that there should be nothiag in
our conduct to that country like a preference to
particular intermits. It was asserted, that England
was desirous to embroil the Coutinent, that she
might profit from the confusion ; it was necessary
to contradict this misrepresentation in the instance
under discus-ion, and therefore impossible to ad-
mit the claim of Bonaparte. If we had abandoned
Spain, we could not have left her tithe was; we
must Imre left her in a worse condition, we
must have delivered her to the horrors of military
execution. There vms.he said, a certain unreason-
ing instinctive feeling operating uppa that people,
which wooed iodate them to refuse the domi-
nion of a conqueror, mot merely becaus..! he
was 'hut, but bessireas ateniminge. Tina feel.
ing he approved; • other countries might be astir
fed to exchange independence for literature ; but
c
this was w
nootuoll beien which he expected tu
ed..-each a principleh a
doctrine
inferred. In judging ei the negoctinh before
them, lie entreated the House to dismiss such feel-
iegs as might bias and obscure their judgments ;
ud desired that the negociation should be exarnin-
ad as if they bad been treating about an unworthy
ally, with a fairrlea:ingand principled enemy. He
then moved i• Thorn; humble address should be
presented to His Majesty, tiaturning thanks for the
papers Islet before the House op the subject of the
li, at Erfurth ; expressing also their
apinnteatioa of the conduct of Hi* Majesty's Mini-
tel. in that negociation."
Mr. . n then rose; he stated, that in
prneeeding to entree the observations of the Right
lien: Gentleman, he felt himself called upon to
toter into some deferrer of his own consistence ; he
had little imprehensioi. !item that subject ; such was
his political life, snel. were the sentiments he
had emhrneed, and the constancy with which
• he had adhered to them, that he was persuaded no
d. vintien could be established against him in the
result of a candid investigation. The Right Ho-
nourable Secretary 411.1 111/Ide 3 speech replete with
eloquenee, but it was not so remarkable even for
its elrepienee, as for the admission and acknow-
ledgement of some axioms of ( iovernineut, new to
'thin part of the House. Had thee. axioms been
before adopted, :.ed these principles been be-
fore acknowledged, Bonaparte had perhaps still
*remained iii obscurity, and this country been at
the present moment the arbiter of the peace of the
glebe. The Right Honourable Gefitletnan heel
said, that it whatever the people present to us as
their tiorerniscut. we must treat with." But the
time was not long passed, when those who main-
tabled that sentiment were afisied, and when the
Country, fin want of the admission and application
of such a beutiment, was precipitated into a dises-
tem war. He perfectly concurred with the
ttight Honourable Oendemian, that it was not
in consequence of any predilection for Ferdinand
the Seventh, they had undertaken, or should have
undertaken, the war in which they were now en-
gaged; it was because the people had preferred
him. to whose choice they subscribed, and whose
cause they had undertaken : it was for the people
of Spain. and not for the King, that the British
firms were exerted. But while he agreed iu this
point with the Right Honourable Gentleman, he
objected to him that he had provoked the answer of
Bonaparte ; it waste the presumption and the arro-
g ince of oar Government (he did not speak of the
Right Honourable Secretary individually) that we
Mould attribute the failure, or at least the sudden
interruption of the tiegociatious now under con-
slitecatien. lie was surprised to hear thet Right
litmourable Gentleman, after having before dis-
claimed die old morality. after having recommend-
tl the enpedstion to Copenhagen, assert that
France wita unparalleled in her injustice sod @nor-
mite. Was it not known that Catharine the Great
and Frederic the Great were guilty of such acts
as aiigtt be cimpieed with them ? Was it not
known that Eas"4 herself bad committed oat-

rages ia India ? (Hear ! hear ! bear!) And must
it abut be affirided, that when we think ouraallves
free from the imputation of injustice, we deceive
ourselves, and the truth is Not in us ? (A Laugh
front the Miegiterial benches). lie was not, be
said, surprised that the Gentlemen should ridicule
this simple but impressive language; it wu with
regret he saw the application of it to the country at
present, which war flattering and deceiving itself
iii an opinion that Ilia mute of pride than of truth.
Those parables which he could produce, he admit-
ted, formed no jaatification ; but neither could
Ministers adduce any justification of their conduct
in asserting what they knew before God was not
true. Ile admitted that we were not yet reduced
to that situation, .when the dignity of the country
should be let down, or the point of honour relin-
quished—let honour be properly pursued—let us
have it before us in every case, and upon all occa-
sions, in the east and in the west, in the north anA

in the south : but let us not he laying claims
to a character that does; not belong to us, when
we are censuring the atrocities of others. With
regard to atrocities, Spain herself is not frets from
them ; she perpetrated in the west what we perpe-
trated in the east, and in the course of last year ni
the north. lie begged to cail the attention of the
Right Ron. Secretary to his own composition, io
which he had said that nothing objectionahle was
containetrin the first communication Irons Erfurt'',

in this he perfectly agreed with him, and therefore
lie would have had him pursue a different conduct
in the manner of treating that communication. At
a former period, witen mediation was proposed, it
was refused upon the ground of the basis, but in
this ease the two points were conceded that formed
the obstacles to the negotiation in the former year.
The Right Hon. Secretary had said, that if the
Emperor had the feelings of a man, he would not
have abandoned Spain ; but he ought to have re-
membered the unhappy coalition that placed the
Emperor in suet • situation as reduced him to
compliance ; • and to have reflected whether
Government, after forcing him into :mocha state,
was justified in reviling him? The letter
sent by M. Champagny was accompanied by ano-
ther letter signed by the two Emperors, con-
taining nOthing disrespectful or intemperate; had
the Right Honourable Secretary replied to this as
a former communication had been replied to, that
.7 from

there was so necessity for departing the nsual
diplomatic usages, no )ensure could attach' to him
but to tell the Emperor Alexander that lie should
have been replied es, if one whose title was not
recogiused by this country was net associated with
bits, mean insult too open to be justified. Bona-
parte Ms been recognised as the Chief of the
Enoch Government. be was recognised us such at
the Treaty of Maslen*. If the Right Honourable
Gentle:use would restrain his sarcastic remark.,
especially in diplomatic builiness, if he would be
satisfied with cootiaing them to this House. objec-
tionableas they may be even here, this country would
he likely to benefit from such an act of forbear.
awe. He begged leave to cell the attention oldie
House to the 11Wm:al Note, in which it wee stated,
that His Majesty professed a desire for peace.
That His Majesty had always professed a desire
for peace. nobody could deny ; and that if con-
duct corresponded with profession' we should
have bad peace long ago.—/ fieer,kear !) Hut
the Right Hon. Secretary Intuit recollect, that the
rejectiou of two former negociations were termed
by Lord Melville, lucky escapes, cud any one who
reflects must be aware that this country has never
been sincere in bee negociutious. Had we nego.
elated. in the present case, with the temper
that became its, he would not promise that we
should have had peace. hut he could pro-
noise that the negociation would have tertninated
Otherwise than at present, in sentiments of hostility
and rancour. lie next called 'their attention to
soother paragraph, in which it was stated, that
" His Majorty did not regret the calamities of the
Continent." This Mr. Whitbread stigmatised as
a sentiment unbecoming a christian country iii ad-
dressing a ehristien world. The Right Honoura-
ble Gentlensen says, we rejoice that our evils arc
_retorted upon our enemies : This implies that
our enemies are humbled ; but such is not
the fact ; there is not a murmur against the
authority of Bonaparte in France ; so that
we rejoice in the sufferings of mankind,
though our country has derived no advantage
Irons their sufferings. There was another para-
graph to which he would entreat the attention of
the House ; it was one which he did not hesitate to
pronounce false; it stated that the war was coati.
nued because no opportunity for terminating it had
occurred. Could the Right Ilan. Secretary, who
was one of the Ministry that broke the Treaty of
Amiens, make each an assertion ? Was it not for
Malta that treaty had been broken ?—(A cry of
No ! frets she Miaiaeeria! Benekes.) Then the
papers did not say right. The opinion and eon-
victapn et the country were mistaken; but he
might say, without bar of contradiction. that aver.
totes were made and rejected in 1800, 1800,
end 1808. and this was enough to prove that
the sometime in the nale•was unfounded, and that
'it was not owing to France was we were still
in a state of hostility. There was another cu-
rious circumstance to be remarked in the conduct
of this negotiation ; it was demanded that Spain
should be a party, .but why was it net demanded
that Portugal should be a party also? Bonaparte
had declared the House of &arum had ceased to
exist. The Portuguese hod misted. the Prince
had left his territories, be bad doelerod himself the
friend of England. why then should not he or ids
Regent have bees a petty ? The King of the Two
Sieilies was our ally also, why was pot hem party in
this cungrees as well as Spain ? As to any delay on
aceoeut of Sweden, after allowing her a subsidy
of too,oool. per month, he did not coniprebeed
the object, nor did be see the necessity of it. The
Right Hon. Secretary bad said, that the Spaniards
world not consent to a negotiation with Bona-
parte without his evaccatiag Spain end crowning
Ferdinand ; but did the Right Hon. Secretary re-
collect. now unanimously they cried out for as
amelioration of the Government, and a refor-
mation of abases. The calamities of Spain were
owing to bet misgovernment. There was an.
ether opportunity for negociating which we
had neglected ; when Joseph Bonaparte was
obliged to sy front Madrid ; we should have
treated then. We might bate assured the

Spaniards, that the recognition of their independ-
ence should be our drat object ; but there was a
difference between making it the first object of a
negociation, and a preliminary triodition to nego-
elation itself. Ss to the speech delivered lit 11,:ona-
parte to the Legislative Body, iu winch be stated
that lie would set his brother over Spain, it did not
justify the letter of the Right Hon. Seeretaii, li;r
the letter was written previous to its *delivery. The
Right Honourable Secretary had observed, that
Joseph Bonaparte might hare been wit among.
the Deputies to tins Congress of the powers
of Europe, but how could he have beeu sent ?
woo it us a King, de facto, before Spain wits
subjugated, and while the people were still
ready to resist? As to the allusion to the Roman

Catholics of Ireland, lie hoped that Ili, ~lajt sty's
GOVertilllellt would take a leasoii fn►in that letter;
he hoped that they would see their enemy was ton.
scions where their weakness lay, and that they
would be solicitous to fortify that weakness against
his attacks ; that now when they lime found, loin
experience, that Catholics can lie true to their
King and country, they may inloi.t a d4.-rout
belief, from that Member of the Privy Couto:II
who said, that the terms Catholic owl rebel

were spionnuous ; that now when we were tirvding
with them on the Continent in behalf of their holy
religion, we may not go to Ireland with our SIIS111•
CIOIIS and restrictions again ; but as we thanked
them for their deeds at Coruniia and at Virneini,
we may conclude the act of gratitude by present.
iug them with the privileges hitherto dulled them.
He hoped something would he done for the Ca-
tholics in the course of the present Sessioii. He
was aware that by his conduct this night, he bad
hazarded much; he knew that he would be much

misrepresented; that he should r,'te with a small
minority ; ( Hear ! hear !) but the smaller that mi-
nority the more imperious he considered the duty of
speaking freely his sentiments. (Hear ! hrur !)
Ile feared that the cause of Spain WAN 10,4 awl
regretted that we did nut endeavour to do that by
negotiation which we could uut do by the sword.
He had all akin objected to the conduct of the
war, and the obdanicy with which we had always
resisted pacific overtures; we must come at last to
treat with France, arid the frequency of our re-
fusal reminded him of the story of the Sibyl's books,
which were diminished at every rtrusul, and the
small remnant sold at last for what would have

purchased all originally. Ile feared that the next
news from Fennel wontd signify its occupetiou
by the French. Government had been too san-
guine ; the country had been too sanguine ;
the bubble of the capture of Madrid was now
burst; Barcelona was relieved; Bonaparte had
fulfilled his prophecy of banishing our army from
the shore; sad this added to every thing that
he- had heard from those who had zoom from Spieler
who complained or want of means, of want ifif
energy, and the like, induced hint to conclude,
that the farther expenditure of our blood up cn
the Continent would be as useless as it would
be cruel ; he thought there was a moral probabi-
lity that the cause of Spain must be relinquish-
ed. He would conclude with moving, an Amend-
ment, in which, though the House might not agree,
he would at least be acquitted in his 04/11 tam-
science of having diseharg4. a duty to his country,
and to the world at Airy. He then moved—
" That as bumble Adios be permeated to His 31,jesty,
emposiwt His 114001, lbel Ws Home bes tehen lino its
Yeel fly whi:iiieltliswe,up.. tieby His
tabl-
enal% Wailes m theOmelem made to His Ma-
Piety, lie esitelaehlt• Legalise, by is Powers of Rode
god Plesmoy is some He Limey, that this House would'
have wluMmed, with the despot regret, say isehaatis• ow
the part of His Majesty Miammnit to the ebeedseemit of
the aims of Spots • at Meow time to oeipubMUr
jest y. Met, ere (deviser idea Ms.
4esty, vsel libeellmesilmispe edelealdela l
thm-
jes t y's MdarduailleseMary of lAA la
e uteri:dila MMlalais of She dlsemaZsis.'"W Ilessler
France it dues "tot mem liblillsuee era way sea Ile-
gracefil asseassieu, ea the mei GeNIA Mekste, ems
by the sae llMApreek as mey tong
elegies; Oe 01•1••• Ni. 1111400 M, flat Asslipietie•
al sis la 111•41Midel Maas Ireseldmedl• Peri* hirusMis.
jest Ilmisiesy of Sae favecLai •
an i homy N Oa .That
the flmie4 sae* is the same Ireniimed
VII., ahead Is • • parts, was unwise and home
tine; messmosey Sulk usisitaimacc of the great calm of
Spaniel' isdspasawle • sod obsismaly c.ncialated to pry-
; went all bother imwes:ree es the of peace ; bssablY
to repreeme Ia Oh Majesty, that4E to this Haase,
as that seamen mode le teem to His Majesty,
ought Ow ham bees amweaid le more 'moderate
sad wroeffieesey; sad that imgmellagte sad doeisite steps
ought do Iwo beam taboo As catering tato aegoeistias, ou
the basis sommee I whereby Maw it could
bare beek~oredlatboaer thus did wr did use aim a
peesilielty afseidleolbsesehtbe mews Om& eigesiatiel,
(asmilsed ebb*. ememlNat sod psweetalamiSseee which
Mb Mserely em mailed is give to the Speedie maim) the
'swam of Ipsis esd Pertioul Mese the...,miss of Frame;
sad whether peace was sift* 11. to
mums& Meosity, that be will be gene
avail blonde of impertasity which may of its...
ding Is • esmelatios for the malmeelsa et
the blasohip of ppm, ea loch terms as the eiremessamai
of the was is Ilia we an tamed may team •smge-
tihle with the tries Womb of the corky, sad the beiessee
'• .1 His Majesty's Crests."
Mr. Possow v The unfeigned respect which
I bear to my Hon. Friend who has just sat down,
renders it impossible for me to rise to differ from
him in sentiment, without assigning to the Howe
my remons for doing so. I dissent from the amend-
ment proposed iu all its parts. The question now
before the House is not as to what might have been
the probable success of the conflict upon the Con-
finest at the time these propositions for peace were
made, but whether the overtures contained in the
papers laid before the House by His Majesty's Mi-
nisters were answered in • proper wanner, in
fairly comilig to an understanding as to what we
meant is regard to Spain ? Although I do, upon
almost every point, dissent front the Right Hon.
Gentleman opposite, and n4ree with my lion.
Frieud on every subject, yet I must say the lionuur
of the Crown, and the interests or the country, all
demanded, that a quick explanation should begiven
upon that subject.—(Hear? hear hear!)—My
Hon. Fnend thinks that a tone more moderately
couched than that w hieli the Ministers assumed in
their corresponilenee, might have produced a more
fortunate result ; but, for my part. I do not believe
that snore moderate language would have elected
any snore beneficial purpose. I do not, however,
say this from a total approval of the tone assumed,
for I do not approve of that mode of argociating,
which appears like the taunts of one Member of
this House upon another, for that is totally anbc-

coming the gravity of such is Mimeo atem-iation.
The House of Bourbon had been dethroned in
Spain, owl Joseph Napoleon. the former King of
Nzplcs: had In-en &dared King of Spain by the
Emperor .1 France. Upon the bth of September,
a regular declaration from the French Emperor was
made to the French Senate, in which he stated,
that in his virus of the interests of France, it was
absolutely necessary that the same dynasty that
reigned in France should reign in Spain, it being in-
compatible with their security to suffer a family to
reign, in v:hotu uo just reliance could be placed ; the
French Senate answered this message, by telling the
Emperor,that they entirely approved of his conduct,
that his views of the interests of France were wise,
and the war in Spain was just, poiitie, and•neers.
sary. Can it therefore be supposed, that after the
French Emperor had pledged himself thus upon
this subject, after tae Senate had so answered him,
and after voting to him 160,000 men to increase
the French army, that any tone of negneiatiou
could have altered the sentiments of the French
Emperor, so as to make him waver from his pure
pose ? At that very time, wen we not too retie
dering the most powerful assistance to the Spa-
Isiah Nation, and carryin,g nn the most active
and determined warfare ?It is evidets‘therefore, .
that it was not a time for negociation ; for the state
of Spiiiii was to be decided lay the sword. Nothing
bait force c.aolti here compelled France to give le s
that object ; we were then also using force,
.and the
question wide regard to Administration is, ehrtlier.
there was a better chauce of producing peace by
bringing France to au inimediate explanation
cpou the subject of Spell,. .or by carrying on
oar in that country at the same time ? `With
ree,ard to what has passed in Spain, there is no
Mali that stands so little responsible as myself.
A Right Houourable Friend of mine chose to make
la motion oil that subject last session (elludinleto
Mr. Sheridan.) On that occasion I avoided . giv-
Mg an opinion, as I was then perfectly ignorant of
the situation of that enentry, and was convinced
that nothing could be mote dent emus than to do
so without It roll knoviedge of toe facts, that might
give eolifidellee iu the advice bestowed. A Noble
Lord oppositg then reproached me, by saying, that
1 threw cold water on the enthusiasm of the coun-
try ; perhaps had he been a little less enthusiastic,
(although it does not appear to be his coisslifedicmal
Vier) the cause of Spain might not have been quite so
desperate nor the negociation so hopeless. By finch
enthusiasm as that in regard to Sp:tin, the country
originally got into hostility with France, and now
that hostility is increased from our interference
with that country. At the close of lastresaion,
Its Majesty, in his speech, declared his determi-
nation to support the Spanish people in the way
most agreeable to themselves ; the King was there-
fore pledged by that speech, and the Emperor of
France was also pledged by his Aleisage to the
Satiate, and his Senate were pledgertby their an-
swer; when, therefore* it came to negociation, it
was not to be considered whether it was right to
afford assistance is the way yea did, or whether
France should attack Spent in the way she did ;
but the question wag, *ow was this country to act
upon the
.overtures so made ? Thy, is my .esi-
mon, the honour of the country required
that we should know what the opinion of
France and Russia was upon that subject.—
Let us suppose that no such demand as to Spain
had been made. what effect would that have had
on the Spanish nati ?ln the note sent to this
country there was 110 mention made of Spain. 'We
might have sail to them, you are ready to treat
on the use possideas, but how comes it that you
have said nothing upon the subject of Spain ?
Will you admit the Gre eminent of Spain as •
party to that iieFpsciation ?' It is evident that the
answer to these interrogatories would have put an
cud to all new:mann whatever ; so that my opi-
nion is, that, although the Right Hon. Gent. might
have negociated better : yet, still he is not to
blame on account of the negociation being put an
end to. I give no opinion of what the wishes
might be, or whether they wished successful or
an unsuccessful termination ; but I merely say
they should have asked our enemies whether or not
they wished to admit Spain to the negotiation ?
As to what Las happened since that time, the
conducting of the campaign, and the state of
things at present, I do not wish to offer any
opinion; but I rettlinly entertain no sangume
hopes of ultimate success is Spain. As to the
resources of this country, I think we may have
occasion to employ them in struggles more import-
ant for our own existence, than sending them
abroad. I would have advised very different mea-
sures to he pursued. 1 think, too, that the fate of
Spain must have been decided before the negotiate
tion could have been concluded. Upon these
grounds I feel myself under the absolute necessity.
upon such an important subject, thus publicly to
declare my sentiments, and the mesons which pre-
vent me from agreeing with the Amenduieut pro-
posed by my Hun. Friend."
Mt. Crises spoke with great violence and en-
thusiasm in support of the Address, sod maimed.
vested particularly upon what had fallen from Mr.
Whitbread, in regard to Ireland. He said it VW
the fashion now for the Catholics of that country
to deny what their advocates said for theta in that
Howse ; and he was, therefore, in liors they, upon
this occasion, would also disavow him (Mr. Whit-
bread) as their advocate.
Mr. Mustrauua M•enew—tt I sin muds asto-
nished at some of the expressions that have fallen
from the Right Ilaiii.secretary of State upon this
occasion. although I believe him to he the only
man amongst the present Ministers possessed of
any political integrity. I am not afraid of any
treason existing in Ireland, although it has been
this night insinuated ; and although I am will
selnainted with what jacobiniscn is. I was pr .Mat
in the county of Down ; anal I was also present at
the time the -Member for Dublin stated . very act of
the Noble Lard opposite (Custlereseh) iu 1799 and
1790. 1 defy "sty man its the nation to seat that
the Catholic'( Iralsoll are rebel.: . that
any nabs irli• so i- 3 biter to his country, -
mot deservisig r-,r to meat public jtiblice
at the hands of the cm:amiss:l% Let Riyht
Hon. Gentleness say what be pie.- is to Bona-
parte's state* 1. I str 'i.s con, • - !ours are al - 'll.ll
Wit* rake. t!:,. :NG, vat's
O'Coottor stet Gei r.I 110 hest Fill4tlbbfgh,l4crit
has ball DO cousiuumcauon Itetvrted fiessoperta t

•

IA
::.
,
.

~~

, .
• .
and 06e Irish. eitltocr good. bad, or,indiffeeetit..... general slate of the war ilk Spain, I say, that nu-
- I ..to eta lost to know oby iutlividuuts toodalge to less Alitiisterr proceedeol arm good grounds .if in-
in• decl • g against the cuts noitiex of our formation, at to the {;mend coolie:mon whir+
enemies, considernig the atrocities that have leant preemie:l throe...ol°ld that coutary, as toes repte-
' committed by our own (tool ramrod, both in helm stetted, custeaol of nettles, 1151 fight eroded., or. fur
and It Irelaud. I alt extremely 'staff to see a temporary purposes, they have annealed it crime
rtiobie Lord, who was Secretary On Ireland, as le: is of the deepest magnitude. The coutsv they have
somewhat acquainted with whet was dome in that pursued appears likely to 1w attended with all the
port of the 1.•,,01iel Kilig 1..., its was also Lunt glievetwes we can prose:lily ition,iite. If the) were
Camden. [Here Mr. Mathew was entering into not Able to take possaotion of Spains by `ending
ak/iall: II:ill:11114e, relative to certuiti scenes that pass- tluee hundred thousand mai to secure the 1/111444.4,
01 in Inland, whoa, lie was interrnpred be a loud and if they were Hot sure that there would bp
cry of Order ! Order! upon whirls Mr. Canning no insurrection, as it is rolled, onnoeigst the
• interfered, sa dial allot the Speaker, amt he sat Spaniards themselves, it V.:111 1.11111:1110n1$ ;11111
' down without proceediug to detail what lie was contemptible to attempt oitforilitig
eete the Spit-
s
entitling to.) 'thirds oat. effeetwil oosistinwe, by bite lain
Sir' FRANCIS BUIDETT" As I entertain a very army iiito their country. llicir 11:14ilig dour so,
different opinion upon the Spanish busiutes than in my opitoirou,slll.lVN that they iwither know how to
what I have heard, either this night, or upon any make, nor how to prowiraC ilearv. A more ieletiii-
former occasion, stated in this Mouse, I shall take toils eau:oMo than that to which one troteet a ere
tae. first opportunity of stating my sentiments. exposetl can hurdle be conceived : instead of dying
15'.1oother or not the King's Ministers were right iii gloriously in the field, many of them became the
weeloiding target: ation by the Roemer they ;44/... IN Violins of disease and fatigue ; anti it C. tlw
the lair rosestion before the !loner. Bost, Sir, I soil that !slush a [wave army cats be reduced to such
sa bin it to soar joillgotteut, a hither upon an address it sittiottiou. mod no man to he resminsible. la
liana a geiwrct questi•toss, all mitten; connected short, it it evident that Ilinisters should have con-
with the state of the couatry may not fairly be this- liacil theintelvee to seeding arena end atom 'tion,
(mimed ? Much has fallen of a general nature f which might at least base enabled the Spaniards to
the other side of the Ito:set, and I holieve that the protract the wite. They have taken a • middle
I louourable Gentleman near sae, who has been joist course, and sent troops to be derailed, or to till the
now called to tinter. was doing little snore than re- country with mounting, from the victory said to
ca!:icog to our ree•ollection erred events, which, we have twat obtained. fly the contluto they have
tnuot all lameide were conducted upon prieeiplue pursued. they have embarked the ammeter, re-
tina would have iliesracert any govt. tttttt etit ur any putatiou, and mkt, of Great Britain, noon
nation upon the face of the globe. If he had not some rottnis ,thank, suds us the inquisition
been called to order, Sir, by your judgment, 1 in Spain ; for it sue appears, usileas we esti-
should have thought, hostever much the Bight Ida- blielt the inqiiivition of Spain, there -eats be sue
'mumble Gratlernan opposite should have thought peace witlaruhce. They were utiwiee, I say, to
proper to restrain him, that 1w wait illeellillg 1110111 pa the oust; • ' gof pearl' upon such it grin:not,
topics tit for the coutuleration of the House, at a especiully whim leo necessity called for it ; and they
moment such ue the present. When we are told are therefore culpable in having rejected the ever-
that this instance of usurpation, evinced by the tures of pram. With respect to sentlino mmicy
conduct of Bonaparte as to .Spein, wet; the most to Spain, I [we; leave to ob‘erve, that it would
unparalleled in the history of the world, I caunot have well beronie the Govertimeut of the coteitry,
think it was imp. tater to enter ta little into au ex- histead of culling upon the pt•ople to supply
lamination of our own conduct towards other lin- 411:11i 141011ey, to have restored to the Speniant those
Coos. Although I have no inatuation So revel million,. of their proverty which had beets formerly
those dreadful transactioas which have so disgraced . condemned at druits to lin Majesty. This they
us, yet if we do tint be ilibposal to look buck, at might have done by enact, dectanng vessels to be il-
least let us look forward, and cure thole sounds legal anti improper prizes, that were taken from
which past atrocities have caused, and which may those owners woo were not foritmute enema), to
. effect the safety of this !awl. I would opon this withdraw themselves in time from British ports,
neeesinii wish the ( :over:ion:ad of the cnueitry to upon the commencement le hoStilities. They might
look at the conduct of Bonaparte; for whafever hare thus restored to Spain five or six millions of
may be the opiiiiort as to his general merits or di. nu't's, in a manlier that would have been at the
merits, they will not refuse him this tribute of up- WlllO time honourable to the character of England,
phase, that he 4..ooreiny Lioars pretty well how, to" as it would 'hew to the world, Outfit had only been
accomplish the object lie teas in view, If this be retailed for the purpose of prevecitioesboanuch nu-
the caw, we may soppose that in choosing ney going into the pockets of th, (.1...my. As to
this oppurtuaity to sawn' the Goverioneut of the elllell.lll/ellt thet has loom pmpoised by the Ilo-
this country, as to Ireland. he ism some object to tamable Gentleman below me, I must tandems'
aenotaidieli. • It lips us open to sew k, and expos*, that I would have been much better plaited. if, hi-
es to be overcome by an wader. I would Neve- stead thereof, he had moved a nonnustratice to Ills
foe take this hint Irmo:elan, and bet about. coring Majesty, expressing the absolute itecetoeity of a
that past of our couatry'r grieraneea, in a meisiser change of the svoitent in which Ministers are pro.
that weuld retort upon him the affera of such nisi- emitting ; so that the couvietelt iiscapowity of the
attariom.. We are not to he oarpriect that• he Kira's slionsters might induce Ilis Majesty to re-
treated hir mind towards the Spatiash nation, whim meta :etch ruin from conducting the attain, oh' the
as consider that it leboured under the greatesit (mono e. •li,,,trail of this renonistrenee, lam can.
E.-lessor.* by that monster of die world, the impli- al upon for a Vote Of Thanks., when I have tin
*dine; and 1 sin not surprised: dust drat station thanks to gists. It is all insult to the country, un-
ahould have shawn pattiotient, in 'soder to defend der oar present Waves. to propose such a inotiou ;
tint helepentleuce or their country agaitiet that and it is enconnigiug that mischievour paesion for
invader who had overcome: the other mat of Eu- etiolation, whiCh unfortunately is too ant to exist
rope. I never eau approve, however. of eucon• in the breast of Sovereigns, without • giving Ili*
mein; my eountryinen by deltas:ye hope, and ex- Majesty a kitowledge of the real date 4 f tile Ilik•
per:tenons, or practise. Neon their teetines lay with- tion, nr the sentiment* of the majority Of Isis people.
holding information from Cowin. This appears to hitch an adulation, too, is likely to induce Sore-
have been the cast upon the present instance ; but reaps to think that those are at:tininess who stir:A
whether Nlirnsters have acted an from a want of the truth ; ter when, peered its like oil. it hut been
information, or from an inteution to delude the the cause of the overthrow of tuitions-ewe' such
people, I ciesaot &termitic ; but, from one Or was the case with regard to Frauce before the re-
other of thee,. tames, they appear to have been volution. I have never heard that any of those
bolding eat hopes. without uccoinpli, 'ling any one dethroiwil Kings of Europe had any went of conr-
abject. It would he takiii••' up the wile of the tiers about than ; and I have never entertained a
House, to st.oe Ise estrous delusiotis that have b cut doubt, that these have been the primary tames of
practised b....0re the year 1793, for the plop/sat trt• depriving them of their Crowns. It is evident
deceiving the imiotry. ' Although intended in that it is neceimary we should take a different
a mortar. yet will not their foolishiteas part ground, in order to prevent our sinking—Ad-
. from them. Although there has been mare varsity has, by %Mitten, been culled prosperity,
power and snore wealth entrusted its the hands defeat has been magnified lulu victory; and,
of Ministers of late years thee in any period in short, every thing that has been truly unfortu-
of our hietory, %hat have we reaped lout national nate, has been penned la the most glowing colours.
disgrace, and the melinicholy reflection, (ha the With such sentiments, and upon 'lnch grounds, I
balance of Earoope is in a worse state than formerly; should therefore much ruttier ColleUr in presenting
and, its short, that this country lust nut reaellicd 'I"). a remoosst ranee to Ili% Majesty, than in rot's% either
one object ? It any maul put speculatively to him- for the Addreas Or ler the Atueudnatut."
self this qtuoitiosi, whether it would be proper and
Mr. Brnesrotto obeereed,that feeling SO he dill,
advantageous to cut off Spain freco the Coverts-
and he was sore as the country at large did, that
anent of Flfallee ? lie most moors-, that owl, „.
the sword of this nation was drawn for the preset-
queetiou csuinot be eolvesl without considerma the
vetion of Slant's, he could not give liim assent to the
iliffiroilty. the labour, and fe,444lreell, success toy too
atnenolment. When the hlesseisger arrived its this
so tato such an ohject. In this, i say, that Mho's- 0 t .. , • •po
Prom isrearth, it war imsolde that &so-
wn. are criminal, for the errors they hare commit- e"" r,. ..romn
land could have mails a peace with France. 'Fhe
teat by their want of consideration. Every luau,
greatest danger this co•uattry ever experienced
' before g enterin enthnsiasticully into the• cause of would he
II peace meter ouch circounstunces. lie
the country, should consider whether, nutlet ran ono
t- ~_,
lint NV, at the present time, how we could
Mg
.circuinstane s, tie locos the means of at-
make an strive t rnageous peace. If we eaten A into
taming the object in view. It has beets that
.; .1- •,
I would iw giving a rallf*, 6111 oppor-
unfortosnate. preueiple of interfering watt the a "e• -"e"; 1""' - . , her trumps
internal Goverinneet or other nations„*.hat has tu"ttY "' e"""ii".'" i" baletY to the e"1""
Mee of Spain. 14e 014/4 fully 10114iticetl the proffor
beta tiara'agree of this unfontaisate triton which has
was
milv moue to baffle the good hitt:idiot' of this
faiulsed Eieglanol in war with France, and with the ~ •
esovertiment towards that country.
ether nations of Europe. It is this very primaple
which the Bight liotionrable Secretary of State Lord POSItIiKITEa said, pert of the :intendment
now di.clnims, for hr has said that this coutory had his approlettiois. lie did nut agree to the pro-
bes in no instance a right to interfere with the to- Podittoo asking His Majesty to l'°"l6 every °Non'
Vernal regulations of another. Those Ministers beady to enter into negrwiution for a prime. Ito
who involved this country in the last war, instead did not think we were iu that Milking state that re-
of having mountnents raised to their memory, euired it. lie felt eteifident we were able to coil-
oualit to hove suffered upon the scut hold. What twill with the eat my singly, awl to take from them
Ministers have called! the Spanish eause, appears their laurels. Gentlemen might differ in opinion
rather to have been the cause of the itoronsitiois— upon the mode in whieli assistance had been given
The lose we have sustaitted it the (truth of the to Spain : yet. o bile she hin! a single hope left, the
Commander of our force,., oat too dear a price for hntiour of &vetoed was pledged to assist her. 11 hen
the benefits likely to be derived from such a cause. lionaperte had immured Mussel' of the noonday
I.et us imitate the nrognatilmity eveu of tour euemiee. of Austria, and the assistaiwe of Russia, he (Lord
There are I understand Bulletins :arrived since we I'.) sae of opinion, that whatever farce we email
eudaiacil that loss, in which the Fifteen, of France said into slaain would not avail. Ile was convival
has Immo led to do justice to the Britnis tremor, and that His ltlajesty's Min•sters, should have asked
hes applauded the bravery of their cornmouider. more fur Spain than what they &I. It would not
The failure o: all our attempts to gain the object lime beat 140 irritable to the feelings of the mealy.
in view, Intik me tosimeore that the 'resent Ali- • The tone of hi,: answer shaved they might have ale-
nisters are not fit to con)tuet us out or the struggle mantled that Spain should lw itelepeinient, not et
in which we are iovolvial. Ido out thick that those the commencement, but during the negociation.
ellen who ts ttttt ot feel and acknowledge the migna- Its reviewing the correspondence, he conld not see
niinity of oar enemy, are the best adapted to bring the propriety sor °Cell44oll for praying that His Ma-
this eontost to a conclusion. With respect to the jetty should reek peace; under this couriction LI

finite the restrictions upon Eng sod and Scetlaud,
and the ii there tat,i,l ill necessity be au :taterrtiptiun
in the spun trade in.:tastes) the Lao comitnes.—
Aecoriltiig to the loom a commercial iutercourse
was to be k-lit ap tettween the two countries upon
equal terms , but toss point needed revision, as the
advantages relating to trade in spirits were .very
disproportiimate. It wan his intention, theriture,
to move !..1c a Committee of the whole House to
take this matter into coleiderutiun, to which, he
trusted, no objection would be made. He thea
moved to that etlem. ,
The Speaker left tl.e Chair, and the House
formed itself into a (7iimmittec.
Mr. pAvir.s Omni( expressed his intention of
opposing this messisie In a future stage. '
The Committee. then rose, and leported it ne-
er:wart to her a lhll to extend the piohibitiuti of
distilling from gram in England mil Scotlend,
nail a clause to restrain the importation of spirits
from
Lord CAKIEURLAGH brought CT some lament re-
lative to the volunteering of into Regulir,
Regiments in Ireland. Ordered to be on the Table
allii to be pri,a4eil.
the reread reading of the Militia Substitute
Bill was pestrancil till to-morrow.
Adjourned at lIA EV-PAST TWELVL O'CLOCK.

mild not give his entitle approbation to the amend-
ment of his Right Honourable Friend.,
Lord lILN at Party raid, iii the present state of
the debate, he should not detain the House by en-
tering generally Whin what had passed. He meant
to reserve himself for other occasions, when future
iuquiries would give lulu opportunity of more fully.
deliveriug lois sentiments. Ile should confine him-
self to rapt • g upon what grounds lie meant that
night to vote, and why he could not tiAre.• in the
Address as inured, our in the proposed Amend-
ment. On our side he felt a cosivietion, BLit Dana-
parte hail adopted that negiteiatiiiii only to inspire
a doubt in Spain, and that we could nut possibly (
have obtained a prune without nuking bier a uteri-
lice ; and ion the other, that we had a character to
guin in Spam, and to prove, bi our HMIs. 011 the
Continent,that we were siiicere in our profeesions
for her welfare. Ile passed a hue eulogium upon
the eloquent and impressive style in which au
Hottuurnble Baronet (Sir Francis Burdett) hail
expre.iwd himself, and ugreed with him in his
view tit the general detail of the subject. lie
said, lie belie% eel the House anul.l agree with
hint, when lie affirmed, twit when the proeteeds
acre rejected, u tone of teeiciliation should heye
been ussiiiiiiel, mid that personal feeliugs were not
to be considered, in a matter where such concilia-
t 'Meld hare ati maim it to the pliblie good ;
a hile the reverse was to he Ares d from lan-
guage, which, if not a direct insult, was so at
least by inference. The hue of conduct that ought
to have been pursued had been departed from, and
yet lie did not believe that the I reach Fnistwror
would give up by nce.ocietion what must he gained
by arins. He regretted to 'bee the !lipase express a
feeling for the continuance of war. and for more
expeditions, and concliideell by saying, that the
Hue .r ought to proceed to a full inquiry.
Mr. Cets %ter:, in reply, surd, that Lord Henry
Petty had, by his observations, struck him with
astonishment; adorned its he was with abilities which
might reflect splendour .:pin that House and the
4:pinory, he was astonished diet lie should; adopt,
a ithout reserve, the general opinions of that I 100.
Baronet ; had he only adopted his ideas as to the
Pyrenees, be should nut have wunderyl, lint lie
had useeided to his opinions generally. With re-
! spiel to the Hon. Baronet, he did not wish to
opte: of him diereepectlelly, but wished his
ideas were more consonant to what he con-
se•viell the benefit of the country. Could the
Untameable Baronet think but to excite general
dissatisfaction. Lieu be wished that House and
the country to consider the existing (loverument
not worth Serving ?-..(41 err, if Na, Nu ! hear .'
Heel)—The Hun. Baronet had stated, what he
thud:o a great- grievance, that there is a want of
spirit and unwillingness iu us to ackuoisledge the
power of Bounparn•. He could not think, that,
when Perliauseut were called upon for their °pi-
llions- sod were diseussing a subject of curt hewn te
awe, the fastening upon gemerril points. with-
in( fixing upon one, was well felicitated to serve
the country. Au Hon. Centime', (Mr. IA hit-
bri ad) had complained of a &linden's objection to
acknowledge llonaparte'e titles. To srindi he an-
swered, that the phrases u eel were not insulting.
but such as were generally adopted in nego-
ciations, a here of a title might
be construed as en admissiou of its va!idity. In
the late tier eiations many objectioi is had occurred
to him winds lie hall studiously oven ome ; the very
first letter was of this description, it contained re-
pulsive terms which lie bad paps. d over. The
Right Hon. Gentleman then entered into a geueeal
defence of the negotiation, and vindicated His Ma-
jesty's Ministers from any thing offensive or re-
pulsive. Ile was asked, why they had meationed
Spain. and not Sweelmi, Portugal, or Sicily ? His
answer to which wa-, that they were notoriously
bound to Sweileti•and Sicily by treaty ; and laid
Portugal beets inentitmed, an excuse fur delay
might have arisen by sending far an Ambassador,
to be a parts the negociation, to the Brazils.—
The reason why Spain was particularly mentioned,
was because she had become particularly an object
of our rare, and had they not agreed to come to an
early understanding owns flue I • t, the first Use
that Botieimite v.eidif have made of the
would have been a representation by him of this
neglect to the Spaniards. the was far from agree-
ing with those who thought the Spanish cause des-
perate from the beginniug, and would not indite.,
that a isatimeltilly determined, upon independeitee,
can be subjugaiteil, while she remains true to hen
professed principles ; he would not believe it pre.
silde, cud trusted he echoed the feelings of that
Illouse, when lie said he should hold up that coun-
try while such ',ales pre‘ailcd. The Noble
Lord hail said we had a character to gain in Spain ;
if we hail, it was hoard that sue had ginned it by
our disinterestedness, and he trusted we should
continue to thew n spirit to twin Id tuitions willing
to uphold themselves.
Lord H. Pa'niv, in reply, said, that the Right.
lien. Gentleman had son. b unstated him us to Sir
F. Burdett ; hut he was IRA Mad) surprised at the
eireanistance.
Sir F. BURDETT complained of his being misre-
presented, as having held opwions hostile to the
interest of the rummy. Ile did lint conceive, not-
withstanding a liability to error, iii the coarse of de-
bate, that any opinion given by him could have Ii .1 to
such an inference. He professed great respect fur
the Consfention, however difficult it might he for
iudivtilnals to ilisutionsb bet em its commenda-
tem anti tin apeproviel of their proceedings.
The untesnituent wits then put and negatived,
and the original question carried without a division.
I nil CASTLEREACIa said, that, from the totems.
of the hour, he wished to postpone the second react-
ing of the Army Recruiting Bill to to-morrow ; but
as it was probable the business before the House
on to-morrow would virility the whole of the day,
Vinod, were the vise, he wished it to be understood
that it woitl4l stand for l'hursday.
Mr. Peitetti AL called the attention of the House
to the Act prohibiting the distilling from gruin.—
Ile said the Act expired within 40 days, and, as ee-
periener had proved it to be a prudent measure, lie
supposed the Howse were willing it should be ft,
nevied for a limited time. It hail been beneficially
carried into effect both in Euglimil and Scotland,
but not so in Ireland: there they had consumed
more grain than heretofore by means of illicit stills.
It was therefore his intention, its the Bill which he
intended to propose, to Wove Ireland free, and con.

THE BRITISH PRESS.
