6.1•740 p
f 1
• ,
•4, or •
er'rer;
MR. ,INGERSTEIN'S GRAND FETE.

The ..rerable Duchess of IS at:nonce, and her
Royal Highness the Princess of WA LES, with a as -
lea party, visited Mr. Assr,e iists.te. on 'Tuesday. at
his seat. at Woodlands The preparations
for the Royal Visitors 'were in the greatest style of
elegance ; the table was set nut tot dinner in the
Grand Saloon, which commands a view of the
rissoles, and displayed great magniticence. The
dinner was served en plate. and the middle of
the table was a much silver vase, titied with the
:nest dowers. The dinner consisted of every deli-
eaCV of the season, and the desert W3S one of the
onset sumptianus we ever witnessed ; it consisted
of twenty-fe,ur dishes of varions fruits, pints, grapes.
peac:les, neehlines„ apricots, &c. all the produce of
Mr ANCI/tRITIEII4.4 garden.
At five o'clock the Royal Visitors arrived in an
open landau, wit.' f"ur horses and tw.s
Mr. and Mrs. Ari,:miisrsist were at the Grind Har-
diest :o receive them. Her Royal Highness the
Princess of 'tV A ts:s eafts out of the first;
she was dxessed in an elegant what/ muslin dress,
richly einbrui,l;rei in silver, with silver cards and
tassels ; her head-dress consisted of a superb Mr.
saic silver bandeau. with a white lace veil, sus-
pended from the top; white satin shoes. with the
quarters calashed with crimson. and tic• ly embroi-
dered in gold. Her Royal Highness 'vas in high
spirits, and remained until her R. v,i Mother elms
nut of the carriage. Mr. A enzur ia assisted her
Royal Highness out. whit was dressed in mourning,
and conclnded them to the Grand Drawing-r usm,
which is furnished in a superior style of elegance,
and ornamented with beautiful paintings. At six
o'cloek the compaay sat down t • dinner ; her
Royal Highneu the Princess of WA Lts sat at t' e
bead of the table ; her Royal Mother on h-r right ;
and Lord Reims to her Royal Highn 'set left.
The remainirr of the company consisted of—

Tl•e Ea:l of Da•tlakath,L,diShe4Se. lel, Count Woroonoo,
Su Will ,m Scott, Os Uoas. of Wiodbor, Mr. an:! M ••
John Angeecteln,k4,.. Galin, Mr. Mrs. and Mir G. Locke,
and Mgt. Reueho.att.

During dinner Nervosa's Vauxhall Nadeau
Bands dressed in their Polish uniform. pi eyed the
mtut beautiful airs, and was stationed under the
Grand Portico. As so. n as the desert was stiv•ed
up, the most pleasing occurrence of the day was the
introduaion of Mr. Ahosessratn's lovely family,
conhoting of sight children. who walked two and
two into the Saloon ; at hhich the Duchess seemed
very much pleased, and took great i.otice of them.
Her Royal Highi.ess the Princess of %Vases took
the youngest on her Atter the lovely groupe
had saluted the Royal Visitors, they repaired to the
lawn. and were followed by her Royal Highness the
Princess of Waits and Mrs. ANWEIIIITLi N. After
her Royal Highness had walked fur some time, ol P
went into the parlour. aid invited the company t-
walk round the delightful garden!. At e ght
o'clock the whole of the company walked out.
The Duchess was concluded by Mr. AMC ERST Illw,
the lovely children led the way, and the Vaurhill
band followed, playing German airs the whole of the
time. The first place that they visited, was the ,
Conservatories ; the first, which is very large,
abounds with plants from the four quarters of the
globe ; the beautiful Magnolia plant, which is va-
lued at fifty guineas. and the white Camiiiia, at
one hundred guineas, attrafted her Royal high-
ness's attention; the Botany Bay plant. in full
bloom, was also very much admired; the health
and vigour of all the plains are beyond any we
ever noticed, at which the Duchess expressed her
surprise, especially on being informed. that for these
three years past there had been no artificial heat
introduced, and that the beauty and vigour of those
plants depended upon Mr. D. BTawA ales parent
Conservatories. This gentleman has the whole
management of those elegant gardens, abocnding
with the rarest fruits and fl swers, and in the ze-
nith of perfection. The company, having visited
the whole of the splendid plantations, botanic and
flower garden, the graperies. which, for the abun-
dance and fineness of the fruit cannot he encelled,
there having bee.i 400!b. weight of grapes cut a ;thin
this four months, and a still greater crop expeß,d,
returned in the Conshreat. ry, where they drank
tea ; after which her Royal H:gnuess the Princess
of Wass' preposed dancing, and called for Sir
David Moan. Moir, which was led off by her
Rhyal Highness and Mr. Arrogates's. Te/..4 was
the next dance. and the dancing concluded with
reels, in chiefs the young ladies joined. At nine
o'clock the cn.npany returned to the drawing-roism,
when music commenced; Mrs. ANGUSTLIN played
on the piano, and her Royal Highness the Prin-
cess of V' es sang a duct with Mrs. LOCK,. At
twelve o'clock her Royal Highness the Duchess of
Baum swim and her Royal- Highness the Princess
of WA Las, were attended to their carriage by their
amiable host and hoste..s. and returned home—the
band playing (shrisarie tilt Kin:.

On Tuesday morning, the PrincessCNARLOTTI
of Wasps left town in her trAvellinir carrisge nod
four. for Worthing, attended by Lady Ds Cue-
swan, her Coremvs ; and Mrs. Unisys,. her sub-
Governess. Her Royal Highness is to :amain at
Worthing Us weeks, for which purpose a house has
heed taken. To cover the expenses, Hs M AMC Y
has presented her Royal Highness with 10001.
The Duchess of B4UMWICK and the Princess of
Wsces will dine, this day, with the Duke and
Dochesi of Yolk,

On Monday, the christening of the Marquis of
Go am sr . the infant son of the Duke of Kyr L•itis,
will take place.
The Duchess of Cottons had a vie& part► of
Nobility, last night, at ber house in Grosvenor-
square.
The Countess Dnwatzer of Sarron gave a grand
dinner, yesterday, at her house in Hill-street, Barka*
ley-square.
On Tuesday, Lord MULGRA V t had a selea party
to dinner. at his lioabe in the Admiralty. This day
his Lordship will bare a numeruus party to dinner.
On Saturday. tie Duke of Ili-two will give al
sumptirms dinner tro the Duke of roarcasiss and
most of the Cabinet Ministers.

Li IF MTN rirGENCE.

COVRT OF CHANCERY, Lt11C,,L14.5.1:4N-I•Lt,Jvis

IWRCaLL D. MINASIAKA.

The Loan Cusecetton gave judgment, this I
d y,upnn the motion which was v.; y fully argued,
yesterday, in this cause.
It came hetote the C.surt, upon exceptions to
the Master's 11: pt u, by which it was stated. t'at
the sum of !went> -six thousand pounds appeared
due to the Plaintiff, feoni the DoCadant. ui.on ac-
canoe, resTeetisig the estates aces plantativas of her
late lather, an the island of •Frehla, iu the- W-st
which estates had descended to the Plasit,lT's
late !anther, now likewise deceased, to whom Mr.
MtN Amara is exesaisor r, atitninist:•atesr. Tele
Court having set aside the deed o- deeds passed to
the Deleadant, fr tie l'tsitottf, had decreed .4•1
aecostor to be t,. ten ed ti:e ;sines and profits of t'e
pies-v.lmm in question, !while a Master. on which
account the Abner balance was seated in favour of
the Plaintiff. The thitil and fossils exceptions
were argued before Lord Es skine acid the Mager
of the Rolls ; and It was ordered, that it may he
mimed to the Master, to Inquire whether a moiety
of 14,0001. and of 29u01. expetviea by the De-
fendant in improving the plant stio—: since the year
171,5, should net f.. 11 ru the Phontitt's part or
mnis ty of die plantaiions ? The M :,ter WAS like-
*: to irquire and septet what nor:them nt 'levee s
were purchased I.y she Defendant for the use o 1 the
Phinta•oins, and nsw maly nt them wee. sinse
? as also eo Moline and report whether hv
the laws of Torte!a. the Defendant was entitled
to any, and en-;at pan of the eta. dint! crops
on the estates, on the death of Mr. Purcell,
the younger, it 1795 ? and the Defendant was, and
new is at liberty to issue a Cornrossinn to the West
lashes, to ascertain these fafts, without prejudice to
the payment, mt.) court, for the. Plaintiff's use, of
a sy sum or sums of money, which msght !reordered
to be paid to her.
Mr. M'N imai a n rw made a speech to the Court
io person, which we cannot with propriety detail,
as it was stated by Sir Save:co Rossi Lev, that he
..vonlaf make no rt.ply to a spzeth of that kind, com-
:rg quite irregu!..riy lions the Defendant, and out of
orth.r. Ile said tee perceived the °lie& of that
speech, as he saw before him Mr. Farquharson
taking notes of it, be supposed for the News;papert,
and he thnazht it unfair that it should appear in
them as a kills of extra-fnrensic matter, and he
wished it may not appear in any of the New
_ _

Nlt• Farquharson rose, and assured the Lord
Chancellor, tiler since his Lordship last came to
preside in that Court, he never took no:es for any
Newspaper.
Mr. M.Narnara said, he hoped hi! Lordihip
would not oppose the freedom of the ;+r-ss. or hin-
der him from publishing his case, when it should be
finally over, in vindication of Lis char. ifter.
The Lnsn Cll.ll4Cfl I 00t ssid, Ito con:1 only de-
cide upon cases brought hr- before him ; he
could no: inquire into the motives of persons taking
notes in this Court ; hut if they made an: incorreff
or unwarrantable use of them afterwards, and ar
plicstion shonha be made to him here, he would
punish, he did not wish to say, with severity, but
he would punish, he trusted, with fitmness.
Yesterday. a Court of DireSors was held at the
Ear India House, when Captain Hester LEIGH was
sworn into the command of the Geereiewe Pack K.
Iho Court adjourned at six o'clock till Wednesday
nest

'1 he American shipraelatia. detained and sent into
Plymouth, on the Ist June. near the liquator, spoke
His M 4 .7istv's ship Sir Ehrerri gushes. with a con-
voy for the Cape of Good Hope ; a few days after,
fell in with ten sail of transports, with troops, under
cAlvoy of the Heroes. from Portsmouth. out 90
days, bound to the River Plata ; they had twice
attempted cruising the line, but had fallen to lee-
ward, and were then making the tlird attempt ; soon
after, in let. 3. N. long. 20. fell in with a fleet of
outward-bound East lndiamen. under convoy of
the Jupiter and Straw), horn Portsmouth, 22 sal
in company.

.
Dr../ snore must be highly gratified at the re-
cent t:st•rr.rny ot the great estimation in which he
is hel.l L. foreign fir the important service
rendered to m.in:rtnd, by his Vaccine Discovery.
We learnt from gaud authority. that a young gen-
tlernin, a British injeß. having engaged in Mt-
ANDA'i Expedition, was made prisnner, and con-
demned to ten years' slavery. at Ornoa, in &uh
A meric.4. and that all applications. even for a miti-
;elfin of his sentence, had failed; but Or. Jarman.
in a Letter to His CATHOLIC M r, having p: o.
(cued an interest in the fate of this youth, he was in-
stantly pardoned. and ordered to be set at liberty.

Return of the Efedtive Farce of the Volunteers
of Great-Britain. dutinguishinil Infantry, Cavalry.
and Artillery, as far as Cie same can be asc.:itained
from the latest return• :

lnfantty-1,61? Field °sneer% 2,714 (.41,t4in., 7,411 Sn'>ala
Wm, 1,761 Saari (.I:6,erc, t 7,1 Se,jes tb, 6M.S trum-
peters or Drammen, and 254044 Rank and F,,e.
Cavalry-16i field Offbeat., 406 Captains, 1,040 Su'rtiterns,
76n Staff Cfkers, ; ,5i2 Se4eantr, 523 rlr Drum-
mers, and 25,d43 Rank and Fde.
4,?..rry.-25 Field 014 era, 101 Captains, 24 Sulsaiterns, 41
Staff kirbter•,, 5:)., Se iaants, 2 )9 Tru•trim ter. sr prnturnura.
and V, Rank and Fde.
Tuts:-1,4.4 Falk& Officer:, data Captains, 8,616 Sukalterns,
2, ,Ilti ctaf Oltcers, 15,5.1 Sett-alts, 7,01) Transpose,. er
ISrummers, and 229,206 Rank and File.

LATIRAWIDIKA 4y.--Tha a very serioas
one has talikn place, witriiir these few (14,4, Si:tweet'
two person eget of considerable distinction. is cer-
taiii—tbese personages are Ca-ne aad Pesturre..-.
Fortune, to reward early aisenturcrs ie the present
Lottery, doubtless wished to gre,t them speedily
with several of the princip ii Prizes—But Chance
has hitherto prevailed, by suffering only a very small
portion of the principal Prizes to torn up. How
interesting, then, the remaining days' dra.ing !
A Nog Ilene from No. 8, Coaling-Cross --
As it is possible that the result of nest Tuesday's
Drawing in.), impoverish the Wheel to the amount
of ti 0,9011. Cutest urges his friends to complete
their intended purchases of Sbares immediately ;
and reports being in circulating that changes may
take place respecting future Lotteries, and the in-
genuity of man being scarcely equal to furnish a
more beneficial Suheine to ths purchaser than the
present one, the golden opportunity isug'Jt not lobe
neglttled.
