ASSESSED TAXES.

Mr. LOCKHA Hifrescojest a poi- iiniifrom Oxford, praying
for a repeal of the assessed taxes. _ .
DUTIES.
Lord DUTIES. • . ,
Lord STANLEY promised a pasties from tee innkeepers alai
Linseed Victuallers of Derrick, against. the Beer Duties ISM
Similar petitkes wore presented by t:ol. Davie, from Clapham;
and by Mr. Littleton, from Staffordshire. The latter Honourable
Gentleman observed, that the IlltilMlft proposed appeared to hint to
be useless and impolitic.
Mr. MA lIERLEY said, that there was hardly a single interest
that had bow latched by the measure, that had net complained
of it. . . . .

--Lod STANLEY suggested the propriety of postponin the
measure for another year; be knew that it was o .in
many yens and to many perms.
Pennons of a similar nature wet: presented by Mr. Sykes, from
Kingsson.on-Hull; by Sir J. BPUCC, thin]) the town of A lloway ;
by Lord Altborp, from limerick t and by Mr. Wynn, 'from
Wrexham. The petitions was laid on the table.

BONDED WHEAT.

'.Ur. SYKES presented a petition iri;iniiingston-on-Ilull, against
the Banded Wheat Bill. . . .

Similar petitions were presented by Sir U. Burgh. from Carlow ;
and by Mr. Stopford, from Enniicorthy.—Lakl on the table.
Mr. W. I'AVLOR presented a petition f the clerks em-
ployed in the offices of the Excise, mains' a reduction in their
/1411. Ariel. - .

Sir J. V MIKE observed, that this petition would be followed
up by others of a similar description. Ile trusted the motto of his
Majesty's Minim/vs en this occasion would be " steady."
the table.
• NEGRO SLAVERY.
Mr. BEAUMONT presented a petition from Ilezhem, preying
for the abolition of negro slavery.
Mr. LAW LEV presented a similar petition from Birmingham.
Laid on the table.
LINEN BOUNTIES.

Sir T. LETHBRIDGE presented a petition from the parish of
/3allycormack, praying for a continuation of the Lila:lE6°llone*.
Laid on the table.
ale. GOULBURN presented a petition from the barony of ( /ney
and Harrow, in the county of Tipperary, complaining of the as..
segments of the Grand Jury.
After a few observations from Sir Joust NZWPOIT, Lord
A L'lnoll r, and Mr. T. Ent is, the petition was laid on the table.
COMBINATION LAWS.
Mr. BUM E presented &petition horn the jouressymen sawyers of
Manchester and Salford, praying for a repeal te tbs Combination
Laws—Led on the table.
Mr. HUME penned a petition (want John Damn and others,
of Beverley, in Verbalise, complaining of the laws which prevent
free discussion enlighten and rake stabinta. rise Honourable
Gendarme observed, that if a free diatoms was, m it was
rally admitted to be, mend in die Hama. k must be eqase
out of it. He should be soet7 to allow asp Udividuals to disturb
the tranquillity of the country, but he considered that every person
ought to be allowed to express his opinions freely on any political
or religious topic. There were countries, Spain and others, where
the Inquisition had succeeded in putting down all such privileges ;
but be was sure no lion. Gentleman in the House would willingly
see such a power established in this Lind i but its prineple would
be commented if they put down one of the chief objects of its
hatred. He knew nothing in the Scriptures, the great rule of our
conduct, which prevented persons from declaring their opinions,
but, on the contrary, our great Example always eft:twinged it. He
could not but lament the course which was followed in the present
day. fit did not know any reason why those who held particular
opinions should prevent others front declaring theirs.—The petition
was laid Off the table.

Mr. HUME presented a petition from the inhabitants of Elks,-
dine, praying for an equalization of the duties on Irbil) and Scotch
apints.—laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
31r. HUME moved for a return of copies of the amounts of the
different turnpike-trusts in England, under the 4th George IV.
ate. 711—Ordered. . .
