which they were bound to superintend and keep a
strict witch over the .conduct of the Judges of the
country ? The Hon. Gentleman was proceeding
when—.

Mr. aouLnuaw stood op. Ina Mid, he had
been misunderstood, net having at all intended to
say what was attributed to him.

Mr, WlLiemPoace proceeded. He cordially
approved of the motion. The poor slave bid no
representative. he was unable to pay any advocate
for stating and defending his cue—it was the more
incumbent on the Home to watch over his interests,
•nd see that injustice was not done him. The speeches
of Counsel among the papers gave an unfair view of
the ease. Some Gentlemen would have them be•
lien that the slaves had opportunities of ►ecreation
and pleasure far beyond the peasantry of Europe—
that they had their dances, eutertaintnents, and
masquerades.. In like manner, many years ago,
when an inquiry wee pressing in that Hour into
the condition of the African slaves in the Middle
Passage, during their conveyance from Africa to the
Wert Indies. some Gentlemen stood up, and gave
• picture of their situation during that period as
if it was • perfect elystuns. It was the interest
of the captain to ledge and feed them wall—
and every day, after a comfortable dinner, they
were led up on deck to enjoy themselves in a dance.
It was well observed at the time, that if they danced
at all, it was probably to the sound of the whip.
But afterwards, when the truth came out, their
state on the passage was well described as one in
winch there was a greater concentration of human
misery than in any other that could be imagined :
and when Gentlemen saw the papers pretending to
give an account of the trial, they would be convinc-
ed there never was • case more imperiou►ly demand-
ing investigation. They were told in those papers
--and was it not too strong to attempt to palm up-
on the House ?—that Mr. Huggins had purchased
the estate merely to gratify the wishes of the
slaves, praying to continue under so kind •
master !—(Errs►, and a laugh)—and that from the
same humane cousideration, Mrs. Anne Hutton
had abated 3,5001. in the price of it! So Mr. Hug•
guns would have ►he House believe that he Lid
out 16,5001. with no other view than to prevent
the ►laves falling into the hands of *severe muter! !
—(Hear.)—The Hon. Gentleman then alluded
to • Mr. Tobin (now dead), a gentleman, as lie
believed, of the greatest integrity, reflected on iii
one of the letters most unjustly. He thought it
one of the beat functions the House could exercise
to watch over the condition of the poor slaves, and.
above ell, the administration of public justice
among them.

Mr. Gout.strate said, that he had produced the
papers in obedience to the orders of the Noose;
and it was not fairly imputable to him if they mere
found un.atisfactory. The order was for collies of
dispatches, and extracts of letters, &c.

Mr. Maaavarr said, that after looking over the
papers before the House, he was not of opinion that
ti case was founded for Parliament re-examining the
evidence. He had some doubts of the extreme
dis-
interested benevolence attributed to Mr. Higgins.
but in justice to the people of the West Indies, he
was bound to say, that great sacrifices were made by
them from a regard for their slaves. How had he
managed about his owu estates ?—when leaving the
islands he sold them all to the persons who had
been masters of the slaves, at considerably less than
lie could have received for them. He said this,
to admonish Gentlemen that they ought not to be
so incredulous on the beneficence of the owners.
The Hon. Gentleman then adverted to the case of
the two slaves who were punished at Nevis, for
receiving goods, knowing them to have been stilen,
and which had been mentioned un a former even-
ing by the Learned Gentleman (Si► S. Hominy).
An individual, it appeared, had broken into the
lonise of a brother slave, and taken away three
pair or stockings ■nd a piece of calico. The
manager of the estate having discovered that
part of the property was in the possession of the two
negroes iu question, applied to them to have the
stolen gnosis restored. This they not only refused,
but they behaved most insolently—and the conse-
quence was that they were punished. He admitted,
that, with respect to the number of stripes, the
punishment appeared to be severe—but it was
evident that, in reality, it was not excessive—
for they went, on the following evening, to a
masquerade, and, un the Monday succeeding, they
proceeded to work, without bring asked to do so.—
The conduct of Mr. Huggitia was not, therefore,
of that gross description that had been stated.—
Ile did not mean to say, that individuals in the
Colonies were not amenable to that House fur their
conduct—but he was of opinion that such ►ub-
jects ought not to be taken up lightly. Gen-
tlemen could scarcely imagine the mischief to
which discussions of this nature gave rise. It
seemed to him that the proper course of proceed-
pig would be, to leave the settlement of matters or
this kind to the Colonial t)ffice. From that office,
proper orders might be sent to the different islands—
■od, if these representations were found ineffectual,
then, and then only, should such subjects be made
matter of public discussiou. The dui ii itt ion of the
whites, iii the West Indies, was founded on opinion,
—.lnd, when the foundation un which that opinion
re•trd, was removed—when the negroes were told
that they had a right to equal immunities with the
ulute population—mischief• which no wisdom could

. .
avert must fuLlow. lie was favourable to a gradual.
smt to an immediate annihilation of slavery. In the
odd Wert bulls Islands slaves had not recently been
smported. The consequence must he, a rise in the
vo of lot —which would gradually operate to
Isorti.loce a lose of free labour, said would tend
nit merely to contract the system of slavery, which
net. r could lie effectually counteracted by any
ilot4te mesmre. The H (((((( unable Gentleman
con..loded by expressing his determination to oppose
the 'Hutson.

11'. GORDON (lid toot think the Gott. Gentleman
was at all called on to throw nut those insiuulttwns
itga;itst the Afrteato Institution, and those indivi-
dual* who hall interested themselves for the tram..
1"""' Hrgrnv".. w which he had 310 largely itlulg-
t (1. The Mai. Gentleman had observed, that the
Ihe wink., Over the steppes in the West
11.(Iles vas founded on opinion. That he believed
in lie the 101., But, he was quite owe, that that
opinion anoild best he suvpotted by a ',poem of
Limless—and u►ust Le shakett to the edirtn, if

cruelties sods as those stated by his Learned Friend
were ►uffered to pass unnoticed.
Mr. BARHAM was glad that this sabject *as
brought forward so moderately and temperately by
his Learned Friend, since it was now open to cairn
and dispassionate consideration. If any thing im-
proper was done in the administration of the laws,
in the West Indies,, it was fair that it ►would be
remedied—for lie never would agree to he
amenity, which had often been made, that
the legislative authority iii the Colouies, was
perfectly free of the mother country. The
power was inertly delegated, in trust, -mid. of
abused, the abuse ought to be corrected. The
case brought under the consideration of the
House, he correeived to be one of great atrocity.
It appeared that a serious offence was committed,
mid that it was found impossible to procure redress
against the guilty individual. To prevent the re-
currence of such transactions, it would perhaps be
proper to consolidate the adininistrati tttt of the
smaller islands. But, while he admitted that the
case introduced to them was one of great hardship,
he cautioned his Learned Friend nut to argue,
from • solitary instance, as if suck transactions
were general. He believed it. was a fact long as-
certained, that the slaves in the larger islands were
as well taken care of as the labouring class of
society in this or any other country.
Mr. DOUGLAS said, that in looking at this ques-
tion, he should consider, whether there had been
so gross a denial of justice, as to call for the inter-
ference of that House. This certainly was a case
of so much severity as appeared to him to demand
investigation--and he came to this conclusion,
after a careful review of what took place oi►
the trial. What were the circumstances? After
the Jury had heard the facts charged against
the defendaui—without waiting for any recut.
patory evidence—they pronounced a verdict of
acquittal. The evidence on the trial decidedly
stated, that Mr. Huggins hail ordered two female
slaves to be flogged, for crying, when they saw
some of their relations punished. Now, on the first
blush of the case, this seemed to he most impro-
bable; but it was given in evidence—it was not
contrailic,eil—and how the Jury, in that case,
could find the defendant not guilty, was to him
inconceivable. lie certainly should vote for a full
inquiry into the circumstances connected with the
trial in qnestion, as the only means by which sub.
strolls! justice could be effected.

Mr. WARR, totally denied the assertion, that
the great body of slaves in the West Indies were
as well situated as the free labourers in tl►is, or any
other country. It was possible, that the slave
best provided for, and placed under the care of
the kindest master, might be considered on a level
with • meow, oppressed by the most despotic
Government—but he could not admit that the
'inanition of slave., generally, as compared with
that of a body of peasantry, could be at all assi-
milated. The Hon. Member (Mr. Marryatt) had
stro►►gly deprecated discussions on subjects of this
kind. But, if they were not entertained, how
could they do justice to the black population of
the West Indies, whom they ought to be most
anxious to protect ? The Hon. Member then ad-
verted to the trial of Mr. Huggins—and contended
that the case was of a nature so atrocious as im-
peratively to call fur tl►e consideration of the House.
Mr. W. SMITH supported the propriety of encou.
raging d scussions of this description. Till public
d►scussions on this subject had taken place, not a
single abuse was discovered ; but. when investiga-
tion was introduced, step by step they proceeded to
the abolition of the Slave Trade. They were told,
by the House of Assembly at Nevis, that they were
about to form • code of laws, which would be is
beneficial as those of Jamaica—a code that would
be satisfactory to all persons—except the African
Institution. Now, he bad belonged to the African
Institution, from the beginning, and wished still to
reman► connected with it—and he could say, that
that lustitution did not care about the approbation
of the House of Assembly at Nevis. At the same
time, he must observe, that. on► one occas►on, the
African Institution had acted improperly. They
were deceived—and, through the medium of a most
respectable publisher, they had given to the world
a statement that was not true. But; what progress
had the Legislature of Nevis made in the formation
of this admirable code ? That would easily be seen
by a reference to a particular case. About a year
and a half ago, • clergyman was called on to marry,
by banns. • slave, the property of a Dr. Cassius, pt
Nevis. The moment the circumstance was disco-
vered, it became the subject of angry discussion in
the House of Assembly—the clergyman was de-
sired not to proceed.—and, at length, be received a
decisive order, comminuting him nut to perform the
marriage ceremony. Here, then, it appeared, that
these legislators thought proper to discourage mar-
riage amongst the slaves, and thereby to favour a
system of concubinage.
Mr. BUDA., and Mr. Wmtag explained.
Mr. A. Bemire did not mean to justify this
case as it stood. He did not intend to say that the
punishment was not disproportioned to the offence
—he believed that the severity inflicted on the
women was improper—but he wished the circum-
stances to be fairly considered, and he must depre-
cate every thing that looked like exaggeration. He
believed, if this case turned out to be an extrava-
gant •ud atrocious one. that it was an exception to
the general conduct pursued by the great body of
planters in the West India Islands, and ought nut
to be considered as a spec linen of the treatment to
which the slaves were generally subjected.
Sir S. IttruttLe, in reply, declared that lie
could not consistently with his duty, agree to nar-
row his proposition to the bounds polluted out by
the Hon. Gcutlenta►n opposite.
Mr. Goutsuam expressed his willingness to
concede the original :notion.
After a hew words from M►. MARRYATT, Mr.
WILSWURCB, and Mr. GOULBURN, the motion
was agreed to, and the Cos sssss itiee was appointed.
Sir S. ROMILLY made an inquiry relat►ve to
certain papers,'cooceris lig ■ person of the name of
Lawrence, who was lately tried in the istind of
St. Kite's?

Mr. Gnu Litmus said, the document• alluded
to were uut yet ready In br kul berme the House.

PAYMENT OF WORKMEN.

Mr. J. P. liu,►NT now for thr puriouse of
for trove to bring to o litil to *mewl errtoio Act. of
Parlratitent, rtloubc to the paytueut of workrueu to

lawful coin of the realm. Ha wislted to say • te4
words on this occasion, is order to 'turrect a meow.
piehension that had gone abroad, with► respect to the
proposed measure. By certain Acts of Parliament,
some of them so ancient as the time or Edward IV.
labourers were allowed to be paid, in the way of t rock
and hatter, by which the pourer classes were liable
to severe losses. Ile had fortiori ly introduced a Bill
on this subject, which, however, was repiited in the
House of Lords—hut, he believed, the prepetit mea-
sure would meet all the objections that I►ad hart►
urged against it. His first idlest was, to introduce
II dense relative to the mode of conviction, which
had been omitted in the former Bill. He next pro-
posed. that the individual paid otherwise than in
legal coin, should he I • elf buffered to appear as
a withers against the °Wender. Under the exist-
ing law., this was impossible, a. one-Ia of the
fine, in cases of conviction, went to the tof°ru►er.
This was now altered—as it wa■ provided by
the Bill, that the half of the penalty should Kw
to the poor of the parish. His last object was, in
prevent the notes of the Bank of England and of
country banks, properly stamped, from being con•
sidereal legal tenders—and this was dune by making
it optional with individuals, by a specific provision,
to refuse them or otherwise as they thought proper.
Mr. BAIDNOTON was friendly to the measure.—
which, however, he regretted was not more extensive
in its operation.
Mr. Alderman WOOD WWI also desirous that the
operation of the Bill should be considerably en-
larged.

Mr. J. P. GRANT said, the present Bill did not
go to introduce ■ new system of law, but merely
to remedy some inconvenience which was expe-
rienced under the mtesures now in being. It
might, however, be proper, to extend the Ball to
various other trades—but, he suggested, that it
would be much better to postpone any measure fur
that purpose, until the next Session of Parliameirt
--especially as there were several Acts, now in be-
ing, which applied to particular professions—and
might, with very little alteration, be rendered
effective.

Mr. BABINGTON believed the Acts alluded to
only referred to the manufactures which existed
at the remote period when they were pseud, awl
that, therefore, more comprehensive measurer were
DCCertify.
Leave was then given to bring in the Bill, which
was immediately introduced by Mr. GRAPlT—read
the first and second time, and ordered to be com-
mitted to-morrow.

The Watch sad Ward Bill was read the second
time.—To be committed to-morrow.

ALIEN BILL.
On the motion for postponing till to-morrow, the
Report of the Alien Regulation Bill—
Mr. J. P. GRANT ',tate& that he had intended,
on the present evening, linderstanding the Report
would then be brought up, to move a clause of
which he had given notice last night. As the Re-
port was to be postponed—and as, from the very
small number of Members present, he could not
take the sense of the House on this occasion—he

supposed that he would be under the necessity, us
his profeissional avocations obliged him to leave
town, to place his choose iu the hands of souse oils.
Honourable Friends.

Mr. LUeHINOTON consented that the Report
should now be brought up, which was dune ac.
cordingly.
Mr. J. P. GRANT said, after the serious discussion
which this measure had undergone, he would not.
at that late hour, enter into any argument on it.
He should merely read the clause, which be was
desirous the House should adopt. and which would
fully explain the object he had in view. The clause
was as follows :

o That whereas the power, granted by the maid Act.
were hitherto untioosin to the Constitution of these King.
dome, and the policy of our aucestors, and it is ex-
pedient and necessary that the exercise of those poetess
should be placed under the cuutrul of Parliament—
be it therefore enacted, that, from and after the passing of
this Act, a record be kept in the Office of the Secretary of
State fur As Hume Department, of the grouuda and reasons
for every order made for the removal of any Alien or Alien.,
after the passing of the said Act—and that a true copy of
the said mold or records shall, within one mouth after the
meeting of Parliament, be laid before each HiptiSe of Par-
nemesia, sealed up, for them to Report their opinion thereon."
He feared that this clause would not be agreed to,
after the votes which had already been given in that
House—but still he wits anxious to bring it under
the consideration of Parliament, because a power

of su extraordinary a nature as that granted by the
Act, should, as much as possible, be placed under
the control of the Legislature.
The clause was then brought up, and negatived
without a divibion.

The Irish Yeomanry Bill was reed dm third time, and
passed.

VINEGAR DUTY ACTS.

The Report ow the Vinegar Duty Acts was brought up
and agreed tu.
Mr. I. P. GIANT wished to know whether any provision
had bees made with respect to • new sasaufacture—namely,
vinegar distilled from wood? He understood it was doubted
whether the issinefactare was legal.
Mr. I.tuutnoio■ said, that cousiderable legal doubts did
at brat esist with respect to this manufacture--but it was at
length decided, that it should pay a duty its proportion to its
strength.
The Duke of Reat's Provision Bill was read a second
time.—To be committed to-morrow.

The Lottery Bill wu read the Gad, sod ordered to be
read the snood time to.morruw.

The English mid Irish Militia Pay Bills were read the
first, and ordered to be read the second time to-morrow.

The Bill for encouraging the Building of Churches in
Scotland was read the first, and twittered to be read the rc•
cond tease 10-wor►ow.

The Bank of Ireland Itestrieliner Bill was read the first,
and ordered to be read the stored time to-morrow.

DRURY-LANE THEATRE.
Mr. itaiaGotit brought up the Report of the Committee
on the Petition of the Proprietors of Drury.lane Theatre,
praying for leave to present a Petition fur parliamentary
UDC 11011, to enable them to raise a ■um of money fur the
purposes therein mentioned.
In ensifeemity with the resolution of the Committee, leave
was gives to present the Petition, which was Men brought
op by Mr. Itsonnew, who afterwards obtained leave to
bring is a Bill in conformity with the prayer of the same.
Adjourned at Twittva o'CLocx.

Two new Candidates start for Thetford at the
ensuing election. viz. Mr. COLBOUII46. of Wrot
HorWig. Norfolk, and Mr. WLBSTER. of Wood-
ford, Ea ex; the first Gentleman in Lord PSTRE'S
interest, stud the litter in opposition to the interests
of the Duke of GaArTox and Lord P .

T 103 • 'RES S •
HE - S.

1.01111)0N,
irilußshAV,

We have received American Pspen, incltiiling
smile f Washington, to the 24th last. The ful.
lowing are extracts:—
WAIM/IGtoN, APRIL 21.
The Congress of the United States finished it. Sex
shout eight o'clock lasi evening. All she 11111. have Pswird
into Acts, whose pastime in both HOUNIPS has been heretofore
noticed, except the Bill it, inerease thesalsries of this Heads
of DepartMenta, which was postponed indefinitely iu the
Renate, on the disagreement of the two Houses respecting
amendments thereto.

A resolutiou was passed that the President of the United
States be requested to arrange with the British Government
some anode of designating the boundary line under the 6th
and 7th articles of the Treaty of Ghent, which shall require
leas lime cud cal....nee than the One which the Commissioners
hare hitherto pursued.

•
IMPORTANT TO M ERCOA NT§ —A Rill has passed both
Houses of Congress, cuuinuint fur seven years, from 301 b
June, the iresent duties un cotton and woollen goods um.
purled tutu the United Slates.

We have received Paris Papers of Sunday last.
The Session of the Legislative Chambers was
closed by proclamation on the precetlt►tg day,
but previous to the prorogation, a Petition was
received iti the Chamber of Deputies from the cele-
brated Count REGNAUD SAINT-JEAN-D'ANGELT,
complaining ou behalf of himself sad tine other
French exiles, that they were uniformly treated
with injustice and inhumanity in tine several fo-
reign countries (of Europe alone we presume), and
praying the intervention of the Chamber, that tine
diplomatic agents of France Indy he instructed to
secure for them the observance of tine laws of nature
and nations. The Petit' was referred to the
Minister for Foreign Affairs.
The charge made against the several Govern.
nsents of Europe, iv, we fear, too well founded.
Flow mean and contemptible such Governments
must hereafter appear to the unprejudiced eye of
futurity, when they are sees, either trembling with
apprehensions at the powers of a few individuals
scattered over Europe, or endeavouring to wreak
thei► vengeance, fur past sufferings, on taco unable
to protect themselves !
The Prince of HESSE lIOMBOURG had a private
audience of Ilit:Eibg on Saturday. He is the
father of the Consort of our Princess ELIZABETH.

The Five per Cents. are 68 fr. 50 c. Bank Ac•
tioas. 1,540 fr.—The fallowing are extracts :

PARIS, MAY 17.

It is thought 'het the ease relative to the *Wino of
sisation Os the Doke of IVelliugtuu will be tried before the
Assize Court of Paris. The proceedings draw to a close.

The Court will put on mourning for eleven days on the
oecasiou of the Prince of Conde's driith. His Sereue High-
ness will be buried among our King*.

CHAMBER OF PEERS.
The Duke of Richelieu, President of the Council of Mi-
nisters, and M. the Keeper of the Seal•, presented to the
Chamber the King's Proclamation ordaining the closing of
the Session of 1817.
The Proclamation being read, the Chamber separated with
cries a " Vive is Roi ."'

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.
The C.oust hlacarihy pruumuuted a warm paorgyric upon
dm Isle Prime of Comdr.

A Petition was reported to the Chamber by the Commit-
leer (rots the Count !Leyland de SaintJesn.d'Augely. It
contained a long recital of the violence and 'persecutions of
which he declared himself to bare been particularly the ob-
ject during eight mouths in the retreat he had chosen. He
complained that the French exiles are far from experiencing
the regard to hismanity and justice to which Foreigners are
uniformly entitled, who respect and observe the laws of the
country they inhabit; and solicited the interventilin of the
Chamber, that the diplomatic agents of France might be in-
structed to cause the French exiles in foreign countries to
enjoy the benefit of the laws of nature and of nations, and
to be considered as Frenchmeut uu their travels.

The Committee proposed that the Petition should be re-
(mad to the Minister for Foreita Affsirs, which was ordered.

The King's Proclamation for closing the S. asiou of 1817
was then read, sod the Clamber separated with cries of
"II 1. Kos!"

Yesterday morning the LORD Ctuactmitott and
the Earl of Livaaroni. 11.,41 audiences of the
PRINCE REGENT at Carlton House.

A private letter from Paris states, that an account
had been received there ofa v;ole..t atli..v at Candirmy
between some French and (Me. r!, It is
stated to hare arisen in a cot). e-bons., ol,re one of
the English Officers happened to tlehr,r rather a
free opinion on the emitputgot of ir IS. mol the
battle of Waterloo. Th.• led to th- slr.tvw
sabres; a tumult in etmormicuer to-k t; e
street; and report add., that some hvts were lo.t
before the disturbance was quelled.
The Speke, Qt/INTIN. from 141101, is arrived
off the Start ; satlyd 30th Decetubtr.

We learn through the Kingston Royal Gazette.
that the Spanish Government to the 11,...aimaii Writ.
much embarrassed by the unit-strum./ vf the Iphige-
nit* frigate, with 4.000,000 o•f Minot., aim It
been anxiously expected. The frigate, it ►rem
had sprung o leak soul borne up for Cateopetirli,
where blot was run arbor?. NIA the 111..11..%,' I 411.411.
The number end audacity of the lo•urv,e„t
tetra rendered it eircetstry to prutt.ct the treavuie
by a powerful convey.


•
.
It/2,1 1 ‘tt--., (,t1:4.• ti fi ele
-'*-^4 ' '''‘kt.`-:-„. 0444.
ik ‘ - - 4..N:::tirikv..m.l,lo if
c--7----_-‘,",ir.,,,, 01 -----'l,---,4%
9 (w..

POETRY.

THE NEW MANIA:

Of late when the Greenland-hoard ships had !lei self,
And the shot, at Lord Wellington happened to fail,
A strange dearth of topics IWZ2III 11l privet!.
Nu subject was offered to interest fieslinni,
No lunching Ilfw 1111411111, or whimsical passion;
While the world looked and languished iu silrut iittentioni
Some clever soul hit 4111 a fsrous invention—
'Tis •• tube made of brass, pewter, copper, sir tin,
With a bole at one end of it, where you look in,
And see—sgrat ions Heavens:—you see such a sight,
Should I try is, descrilse it 'twooild take me all night ;
The exquiaile figures and colours you via see,
Nu ;minter Call copy, no poet rail fancy;
YOu see—what must all you've hrfore area surpass,
You Pee—some swell old broken pieces of plass.
Need I tell you indeed that with such preparation,
lltu lovely it bauble has caused a sensation—
I doubt whether Billiuquet, inoualels of toys.,
Or the devil h:ma•lf, aver shade such a noise;
'Tie the fat•ourlte play-thins gof scllool•buy mid sage,
Of the baby iu arms, and the baby of sge ;
Of the grandam, whose sight is at belt problematical,
And the suph, also explains it by rule mathematical;
Of the aaiut, who in vain iron su laugh at and snuck If,
Yet, ten to one, carries a brace in his poi krt.
All are bit in their slim, from the belles who have borne it.
I'm told to the Op'ca instead of a lingiirtte ;
To thecripole *lns makes them " su pretty nnielll2o,4
And hawks them about at " a penny a peep."
Such indeed is the rage ft* them, chapel or church ini
You see them about you, and each little urchin
Fissilitig a sixpence, with transport beside his hope;
Runs to the human, and makes& " Kaleidoscope."
