or

VICTUAT,LING.OFFICE, Se/T. 211, 1805.
THE CONIMISSIONERS for Vtarailtnz Nis
M ,sty's NArei da :4ercbq girt 15;otice. h THUHS.
DAY; the 3. of Ort.thett Next, Yr. Thosaas Rata th, Sr ;tent,
at Dower, will he route a, his Othce, at ae Devi to re-
wire Tenth.. ;Fs Writisid(usie.l up), end tress for fire Hatt :rill
/twirlers If good clean WHEAT, not to weigh lest thins 56 Poisnsts
per Make, to he dehiscent iota tits Majesty% rietuallisag Storrs at
that Pen, and to be paid far ba 14.04, payable, alth harrebt,
Ninetn 110 ester D -te. In ease the !Cheat ,hlteld weigh more
than 56 Pots per Bethel, rive. weight well be paid tor
The ',oakum's of the Coairatt may 6. Wen at the tit:Walling
Office, at Aar..
No Tenders will be eeeeired alter Twelve u'Clork, woe for • less
Suarstitn than MO Vuo r

TO THE FREEHOLDERS OF TINE COUNTY OF MM.

DLESEX•

GOUT I,IIIIIN,
Fr AMC, in compliance with your request,
undertaken to ..ir•eist to Ills Maje*lv the Addr,s,
waned at the equity "feting, held at tlackne, on 'Thursday,
the 2d of Mae last, we thil.k it incumbent upon rill, as our
year of office is time expired, to inform you, that we have had
to opportunity of resenting the ante, and that we have, in
consequence, deliverel •t over to our sirecesaors, together with
copy of the several reaolutions pas ed at the M., tine
Loo.lon, GTORGE SCIICILEY
Se:d 28 1805. WILLIAM DOM VI LLE.

NEW LIS r OF UNCLAIMED DIVIDENDs AT THE

-777!,agui,

)Nt!(%N.
MONDAY. SLPTIMISES O.

The Committee of Lcov o's having informq the
Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, that many
of the fleet expeZled from the Leeward Islands are
in want of men, short of provisions, &c. their Lord-
ships have been pleased to send direaions to Admi-
ral CORNWALL IS and Rear-Ad tlll4l DRI: it Y. to
cause every passible assi-tance to he given, by their
cruisers, to the ships of their convoy that may 'Gina
in need of it.

The following is an Extra& of a letter from an
Officer ou board the Temerce,e. belonging to the
blockading Beet off Cadiz, dated September 14.
" We see these French and Spanish gentlemen
every day ; and al.° thc town of Cadiz, which
is a very pleasant sight. The fishing-boats sup-
ply the fleet with fish, which is a great relief to
them, as the French and Spaniards are almost starv-
ed. We take every vessel bound to Cedis with pro-
vision!, and send the= to Gibraltar. We have been
informed, that riots and duels freqneatly take place
between the Spaniards and the French: and that
many of the latter are frequently found dead in the
streets of Cadiz, murdered by the Spaniards. Ad-
miral Gm A VISA accuses the French Admiral Vit..
LENEUVE of cowardice, in Sir ROBERT CaLoaa's
aaion ; and the former is gone to Madrid to settle
some dispute respeeling VI Li.arrevva. We are com-
pletely clear for battle, and expe6l an affirm every
day "

Oilwr letters, of the same date, go farther, and
state, that a s,..rious affray has taken place between
the Finch and Spaniards, at Cadiz, in which a num-
ber of lives were Inst on both sides. They all agree
in representing, the Spaniards in nearly a starving
state.

The 4.leCtion of the ELECTOR of BAVARIA
from his alliance with France, has, we understand,
been followed by that cf the ELECTOR of Htsse
CASSEL, sr ho, according to report, has also joined
the coalition. If this rumour be founded in fag,
it is deci,ive of the sentiments of Prussia, for, from
the proximity of his territories, and his conneetions
with that power, the ELecroa of lIESSE CASSEL
would ►carcely have taken that step, did the ling of
Patssi a view it with an unfriendly eye. These
two et 'moles of attachment to old and legitimate
friendships and conns,tions, are, no doubt, only the
precursors of new desertions. Others of the Ger-
man states which have been forced, like conscripts,
by the terror of his bayonets, and his banditti, to
fraternise with France, and march, in the train of
the Corsican Usurper, will seize the earliest oppor-
tunity to chew their long-smothered hatred of
slavery, and their detestation of his numerous crimes
and aggressions. Among these, we may reckon
the ELec•roa of BAOLN, whose territories were so
shamefully violated by the se zure of the Duke
D'Errourssr, at Ettenheim ; an outrage afterwards
aggravated by the horrible murder of that amiable
Prince. The ELECTOR of Wier cm szac, though
embarrassed by the artful intrigues of France, Will
also find himself obliged to take part with the legi-
timate Governments of Europe, and contribute his
share to its deliverance. When, in addition to this
prospect, we consider, that, by the departure of a
great part of the French army from Holland, the
weight, which kept down the spirit of the Dutch is
greatly diminished, and Hanover has been evacuated
by the swarm of locusts that covered and devoured
the land, we anticipate, with confidence, the hap.
piest and most important result. In the former
confederacies against France, some evil genius
appears to have perplexed the Councils of every
Cabinet, and paralyzed their political and military
energies. The resources of legitimate power were,
of necessity, disproportionate to those of a revolu•
tionary Government ; but, exclusive of this natural
inferiority, it was their fate to encounter the most
arduous difficulties, with pitiful projects, without
uniformity in design, or harmony in co-operation.
No well•arranged and general plan was produced
by their Councils ; and even the deplorably defec-
tive projeCls which they did form, were defeated by
unfortunate dissensions, the selfish policy of a too-
earnest pursuit of private interest ; while the tardi-
ness and indecision of their measures redoubled
the strength and courage of the enemy. One great
source of these Causes and effects is to be found in
their ignorance of the nature of the enemy against
whom they were contending. They had not then
learned that they were fighting for existence, that
the principles and policy of the Government of
France are incompatihie with the safety and inde-
pendence of other States, and that BONAPARTE
aims at nothing short of universal Empire. The
confederate Powers now come forward, fully
apprised of their danger, and of the policy and
views of the foe. Experience has taught them, that
the most ungitaiiiitd submission to the will of Bo-

NAP A RTE, will not save them from daily insults and
aggiessions, and that th-y will sacrifice pat of
their territories in vain, to preserve the remainder.
—They also know, that this check to his ca-
reer, at the intrar?lit when the Corsican Ilatteied
hints .1f that he had almost reached the goal, and
was on the point of attaining the great objea of ks
aarhir;on, has irdi imed his fury, and th it slavery,
aggravated by all the circumstances of the m rat
barbarous cruelty, :waits their defeat. Of this
dearly-purchased. hut invaluable wisdom, the State
Papers, which we laid last week before the public,
furnish satisfadory proof. The justice of the causes
of complaint urged is the Austrian Note against
flomspsart, the dignified moderation of its tone,
and the candid declaration of the principles and
views of Russia in relation to the Ottoman Porte,
have silenced the voice of fauftion, and obtained uni-
versal popularity for the confederate cause. In ad-
dition to the intrinsic merits of these Papers, the
circumstances of the particular time at which they
made their appearance, are a SUbita of congratula-
tion. Scarcely was the intention of Austria and
Russia known in this country. when they were re-
presented as still clinging to some of these old ob-
jefts and views which had defeated their former ex-
ertions, and raised BONAPARTE to his present ele-
vation. Some of the Papers more immediately de-
voted to the Minister, anticipating the views of the
coalition, affelied to give the outline of the Mani-
fes o, intended to precede ;anal hostilities, in which
the cause of the unfortunate BOURBONS is made a
principal feature, and announcing that a new king-
dom is to be ;wetted for the head of that Illustrious
Family ; while others insinuated, that the Confede-
rates meant to interfere with the internal Govern-
ment of France. The writers in the service of Op-
position eagerly availed themselves of these topics,
and did nut fail to hold them forth, es the sentiments
of the Pit itish Cabinet. It was in 541 n that the pa-
' pers which inconsiderately gave them birth, declar-
ed that they were mere rumour;, derived from
no authentic source. The Opposition writers
wiitild not listen to any :Tot-Ty. They had ap-
peared in a Ministerial Paper, and, therefote,
must he official. Assuming them, accordingly, as
such, the principal paper of opposition had filled
its columns, almost for a week, with very deep and
philosophic reasoning against the impolicy of a war
of assassination against B:)NAPARTI, personally,
when the Austrian Manifesto appeared, and at once
quieted its fears for the life of the Corsican, and
sheaved that in its long and laboured dissertation,
the writer had been only fighting a shadow.

The K sso has beers pleased to approve of Jour;
Ross, Esq. to be His Puusst 4N MA, tsy v's Consul at
Gibraltar. and the neighbouring ports in the Merli-
n rranea:l, to which His PALSiv MA./ r v has not
appointed any other Consul.
The Kt rric has been pleased to approve of Hetrev
Dose ce, Esq. to be His Ss, ILIAN At•JEsTV%ViCe-
00.1sUi at Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.
The Kim] has also been pleased nl 4pirove of
JOSEPH BANIFILLD, Esq. to he His Sscar.rars NIAJIta-
TY'S Vic,-Consul at Falmouth.

The Htnry, ST AN TON, of Liverpool, is captured
on the coast of Brazil.

The greater part of the transports hired in the
Baltic by RUSSIA, are covenanted for service as far
as Gibraltar: those engaged for the Baltic only, Are
not numerous.

Saturday, letters reached town from the Channel
Fleet. dated on Tuesday evening; at which time
the whole of the French fleet had returned to Brest
Water.—Our squadron was as usual.
Accounts were received on Saturday from the
Isle of France, via Charleston, dated the Ist June,
by which we learn, that a French ship, supposed to
be a frigate, and one of (Artois' squadron, has been
wrecked on the coast of Sooloo. Many of the ciew
fell in a contest with the Malays, and the remainder
were carried up the country.
All the Prussian troops which were advancing to
Berlin and Potsdam, for the autumnal reviews,
have been countermanded, and ordered back to
their former quarters.
The :lane, art ived at Shields from Revel, has
broug)t accounts, that 14,000 men were, on the 9th
inst. embarking at that port for a secret expedition ;
transports, with an equal number of troops, were
daily muscled there, from Petersburgh t when, it is
added, they were to proceed to their place of destin-
ation, under the orders of Count TOLsty.

It is a remarkable coincidence of circumstances,
that the Royal George, Duke .f Teri, and Prin,e n(
Weir, packets, should be captured by the enemy,
without the intervention of one of any other name ;
and, that the Prince of Welt: should have been cap-
tured on the birth-Jay of His Royal Highness, the
I -:th of August.

The Eleflor of SAXONY has ordered all the troops
on furlough to join the armies. The permanent
army in Saxony comprises forty thousand ram ;
and the supplementary force of twenty thousand
men, now assembling, is constituted, in some re-
speCts, like our ntilitia, being occasimally called on
service for the purpose of exercise, and the men, at
other periods, receiving furloughs tor the prosccu
'ion of their ordinary vocations.
The following Officers in the East-India Com-
pany's service arc placed upon the superannuated
tsr, and allowed to retire on their full pay :—Col.
‘TKINS, of the Bengal Cavalry; Col. WONTISINC,
.4 the Bengal Infantry ; I.ieut. Col. &meow's, of
;he Bengal Cavalry : I.ieut. Cols. TANCRLD and
slasrun, of the Bengal Infantry ; Lieut. Col.
FURDAR, of the Madras Infantry ; Lieut. Col
‘Vocii.a.er, of the Bombay Infantry; and Maj ur
,Isssamta, of Boinb4y latantiy:

it 4

FASHIONS FOlt OCT 011 AR.

_

Fas'iio.t never had a MOT.? 11:11it, d sphere to mane in, ths•t it
prusent. 'lkon vie:netts who gi.c the row hare rt' t yet re.
turne.l to town, and a sort of Seter.egioles prevails iii the
f.•hio table word. Tite Court Mourning ha; alto contribute)
not a little to damp the folic!, and restrain the wandertom of IP,
fickle,gotklitst. The following appears I. be the only eliangesof
moment. Fur full dress,wLite crape with bugle or jet ornament.,
g.ey gloves and ahem; black hats, with white plum:4; ithte
turbot., with jet omasnents, std black or white hug)- tiare,ke
young ladies, will prevail. Grey sarsnetg, with jet notaramm,
will be wore by matrons. Mountie drmses of
with black si,encers, and black chip hats, of the Grec:ts
slime, will be the most prevailing dr.•a; .leemst long, uol
thin muslin ; the sleeve of the row% looped u?on the slritt!din.
