LONDON, SATURDAY,
_, • . • .

r

Ritmo a the Theatre" g ,n'
Private Boner an 614 an robtitined for OEm air of
Mr. Rodwal, at the Reiallare.
On Moodily, the Tragedy of Othello, with BM I/ Mies.
On Tuesday, Maid or Wife I—with TheGeseeenisigr end
Giormini in London.
On WediMsdny, GerobW-Deval—wilb The•Covoseelon—
end Moesienr Towner.
Oo Thursday, Meld or Wife?—with The Coreeetkpe—
sad Giovanni in Landes.
TUBATRB-ROYAL, COPRNTOAROEN.
THIS EVENING, SATURDAY. Nov.-17,
will be acted the Musical Drama of
ROB ROY MACGREGOR..
Sir Frederick Verses, Mr, figertoo; Rashleigb
stony, Mr. Abbott; Francis Osbaldimmie Mr, Denseet;
Owen, Mr. Blanchard; Capt. Thornton, Mr. Ciitsior ; Rob
Roy M r Campbell, Mr. Yates; Deuest, Mr. Emery;
Baillie Nkol Jerrie, Mr. Liston. Diana Yrniew, Miss M.
Tree; Rake Meitirger, Mri. Faucit.
To eihelede with the Fame of
LOVE,' LAW, AND PHYSIC. '"
Dr, Casespbor, Mr.-111aecbaikl ; Plesible, Mr. Yetis is Lu-
bin Log, Mr. Liston; Andrew, Sir. Emery. Mrs. Milary,
Mrs. Gibbs; Laura, Mrs. Sterile'. •
Places for lbo Biseee• r. be taken a Mr. Brandon, at the
Bus-oißee, Hart.st reel, from Tea till Fear.
A Private Box may be hid for tine season, or 'nightly, of
Mr. Brairdon, at the Bo:Office.
• TIM Doors will .be rimmed at Maltreat Six °Thick, and
the Play begin si Seven.
BIM* Yr.' Atwood Price, 34.64.—Pit, 3s. ed. ; Sewed
Priam, Its....Geliery, Its.; Seeped Price, h.—Upper dl.
levy.. Seemed Price, 6d.
On Monday,.Tbe Erik, mod The BRIO Boy.
Ow Tieidey, the Tragedy of "limit% sod The Ciller*.
Slielispesre's Play of The Two Omillesnen of Teresa will
be spow/ily psodweed. •

Ws day is puhliehert, Ko. It. of
ZOOLOGICAL 'RESEARCHES in the
Island of JAVA, &c. ate. with Figures of Native
Quadinpeds and Birds.
By THOMAS HORSFIELD, M.D. F.L.S.
To he eomp►ised in Eight Numbers, royal quarto Si..
cath. Esels Number will consist of Eight coloweed
represeollag Quadrapeds and Birds: in most Numbers One
additional uncoloured Plate of Illustrations will be added.
Each Plate wilt be aeconspaided by a portion of explanatory
water.
Printed for Block, Kisabery, Parbury, and Allen, Leaden-
hallstreet.

This thy to published, ip 4to. with a separate 'Volume of
Mum and Pima, price Al. 14s. 6d.
EMOIR of the OI'ERATIONS of the
45.4, BRITISH ARMY in INDIA; during the Mabratta
War of 1817, 1818, and 1819.
B, LIEUT.-COLONEL VALENTINE BLACKER,
Companioo of the Most Hon. Order of the Batb, and Qum.
teiosieter-Groerst of the Army of Fort St. George.
London : Printed fur Black, Kiagbury, reentry, and
A 11.... II ...1..11-.lwoot

FAST INDIA COMI'ANY'S TEAS, in
sealed Tin Canister., the only way possible to pm.
serve the strength cad f 1 f the Tea.
This Establishmeat was formed in April, 1518, in coupe-
titmice of the discovery of 'bat baneful traffic in Poisonous
Verdigris. Teas, which was proved (by various convictions
is the Court of Exehetyner) to be awned us in a moat alarm.
iag extent in every part of the kingdom; and nenterous
Ilawkers are now aellAsg Tea at a lower price than any sold
by the India Company, which moist excite the strongest
" suspicion" that this nefarious traffic is still carried on.
CAUTION —The unexampled Sale of the" Canister Tess"
the lam three years, and the daily increasing demand in
every part of the Kingdom, has given rise to numeroas petty
dealers, win. style tbentrelves " Companies," and are pack-
iag
ep is " lead packages" that Rank Stuff
HOHEA TEA,
which are old dead leaves that fall from the Tree, and by
hong on the grossed imbibe the Earth, which is the reason
the Chinese People call this Tea " Dirt." There is heady
'three Millioos of Poland' annually of this " Dirt" used
wholly in Atfulteralint the good Teas.
It is well known this Estsblishment sever bought a single
•o•oo or Ibis staff, and sea the first and Only House who
exposed this

I

SYST EM OF ADULTERATION,
which is still ea lonto • vast extent, &Mt Hundreds are
atm Hawking the* adulterated Teas i• " lead packages,"
nal imposing then on the Public as the t ermine Tess of
this

EnABLISH ED APRIL, 1818,
Seven Months before soy Howie evert pretended to sell Gee
swipe Tea, the only Establisbuseit in Ilse Kingdom for
" CANISTER TEAS,"
au& ireibus distinguished from the spurions Imitations"
in 6' Livid Pickier'," Lead being " Reek Poison," not only
deriroys the strength and Asvour of the Tea, but must be
highly iojairious to the Health of those who use it.
These Teas are now we Sale by upwards of SEVEN
DUNDRED AGENTS.
Sold io Quarter, Half, One, Two, Three, and Si. pound
Canisters, sealed with L. & Co. ow the Seal; the Public are
earnestly requested to observe this, as in numerous cases
dralere have been detected putting their adulterated Tea in
these Canisters sad forging the Wrappers, thus imposing
them on the Public as
" LONG'S CANISTER TEAS,"
Leol proceedings are instituted against the Parties, aid
it ie hoped this Public Notice will put an end to this fraud.
Applications for Arity, from places sot yet appointed,
most be post.pald, from Chemists, Booksellers, Silversmiths,
sir Whets (Giocers excepted).
No letters takes sakes pest-paid.
Vanities are accommodated, as usual, with sly quantity,
at the emitt wholesale price, we sending a remittance.
LONG & COMPANY,
OLD DOND-STREET, LONDON.

It
♦f

EAST INDIA MOUSE, Novaisana 16, 1821. •
E COURT .1 DIRECTORS of thi
THE
COMPANY .f MERCHANTS tyr ENO/
LAND, trading to the EAST, INDIAN bowleg, apt the
oth mid 18th July last, boned [mastic Adeertismatets, ghclag
Netted, that sumuisres had bees adapted wlk4 might lead
to the discharge of a large porticos of the eulogise legion
1A..,, and that the Cowl had anthorised their Denim* Go.
verramest to epee a aro 6 per mat Leen is lads, Ma MAW
• the than present 6 per Obllmatiess of 1811 1111.6.68.
trassferable ; and ohmi%
.by Advice, reeently peiplynd
five Indio, the Court of Directors are isforatcd,ll6l.6lll4
Ist Mil, 1011, the Gonna, °merit in Conseil amilhat
gave Notice, that the Promissory Notes of the "kw
gal Go•erernent, stewing *a the Deseret Rvgister of the
registered Debt of tbdt Pmeidese7, hearing date the 70th
Jose, 4811, and nombered 1 to 10,000 iselsaiire, stesW be
ditteltarged at the Omen' 1, - Tseaday, - Slat

to he muksidseed us entirely void and of goo effect.
Mit Mins, in the Advertisement published by the Ben=
.1410Moinatint, is. the eakults Gaulle ow theist of Nay
lost, moe, was given. that Transfers (Kant Notes advertised
to bet maid of to the New Loan were to he received notil
briber orders; sind.hy the 11th Clause of the Condi 00410 of
1118Pely LOollsll6ll ammants of the said Lout are to be
awed ...ma 4 I Iltafebosn.
-.1/04 lehreltimProprielors of the Promissory Notes advert.
Used as he paid if, reside& in Europe, asayosile,banseitlad
leoavey instruetioos to India for the traisMignitimie Pre-
m, into the New Long adore the said Awes
Inge closed; P
The Court of Directing do Ihregilligire *tr dal 1"7
have directed their Bemml Geneiwiffilit to it the Trans-
fer of all Promissory Notes af. the ails doge. 1811, to lbw:
Loam of the lst May, 1821, which lines shall be tendered
India'on or before the 30th Juse,lllll22.
• And whereas it appears by the deb Cisme of the Comin
*woof the said Loan of lit Play, 1821. that the Prupri
of Promissory Notes transferred to that Loan midget 1W
Europe, Might, if they required it, be paid the Interest md
thcir Notes, op to the 31st December, 1821, by Bills .
the Court of Directors,st twelve snoutbs' date, and at 28.8 d.
On Mete tepee ;
t• The Court of Directors in view to the further accommo-
dation of Proprietors resident in &trope, do hereby further
Rive motto, that those Creditors' bass resideut in

Europe win; shell horetronsferred, or wbo,hafl treader, in
India their Roods eg.. loan a 30th of Jane, 1811, to
the loan of tat Noy, 'NI, by means 'of their Agents
doily authorised; oo or before the 30th Jane west, shall have
the option of reeeislag their interest for soothes half year;
nt namely, fro 3lat Beptember, 1821, In the 30th June, 1812
by Bills 04'41111, Court of Directors at twelve months date
and Is. 6d. the Steen Repre; the Bills to be draws &peel-
deafly payable t this absent Proprietor or his order, and
not to the order of as" Ages' or Agents whataorver ; bet
fbosn - • -
ablest ' •

metes of absent creditors who shall omit to signify their is-
leationa, at the Presidency of Fort William, defloiti►ely
with respect to the Promissory Notes of 34th Jose. 1811,
on or before the 38th Jane, 1822, will remain without in-
terest from that period.
The Court of Directors have also resolved, that, if the
Bestial Government shall see so objection to the measure,
Creditors who have subscribed, or who may hereafter sub-
scribe to the Loan of lit May, 1841, may, if they thick
proper, employ the Agency of the Accountant General, end
Sub-Treasurer at the invent Presidearies in ludia, in pot-
tering the remittance to England of the 'Merest on their
obligatiOns, by memos of Hills of Exchange on the Court,
to be• purchased in the market at the current price of the
day, it being distinctly understood, that us responsibility
shall attach to the East ladle Company for the sets of those
Officers in virtue of the authority which may be thus given
to them.
' The conditions of the Loan of the Ist May, 1821, may
be sees by application s% the Office of the Accountant Gene-
ral at thin Hesse. .4 ;", • •
2. JOSEPH DART, Secretary.

•,_ ".-.

NOVEMBER 17,

illtillidjitillows, iietilleara;llllllillarlinge. . The intents, '
MettlirelthisailcaretnewelltudMishoi whatnot iii ItPlotated
at rode and derecisimal as he M have lentil. . I moat,.
modem that if I wee salon, the heterogeoetors 'sis-
ters of tpkadotre sad rubs t was ,stall the per-' At
feet uniformity of wildpess.themihmsta I eqper. bad bee*
able to conceive poetic grails,* Its domeitk hewer, with-
out igurlistlt Milfasiag the plash or ito;',lellerte Tate on'
every thing aroused it: het lure *hog sliqgoot. spirit *oil
beauty reeved to have dwelt, bait mot to have bees caressed;
it woo the spirit of the wilder**. TbeVerdered Irene exactly
as their late owner described Hum its Ms eselieet lays:—
" Through tby battlements, ltewstead, the lsoUtow wiads
' whistle;
Thou the ball of my fathers art gene to decay ;
In thy once smiling gardens the hemlock nod thistle
'Nolo choke op the ruse that Isle Mooned is the way."
With the exception of the doer% tomb, a cosselenoes end
. placed on an tom* of several steps, erowned
Max, and ' led with white marble tab-
ail matelot Ilia (victualed epitaph mea-
ds, not r the otightest tress of eel.
Tile , *Miro arid ileopensee
4...
,eee siMal by Hs. iseighbostring pea-
, alga Meant abotitt 'of she' heed, might • balm
recogaised every thing shoes Min, eiceept Fee-
'least crop of weeds. ' There still gloomily
.....eu, brio AMA he is said to Imes burled his
of hie ate of &eft, Wiesen AO was rescued by
sateen, a courageous blade, who was the Lord's master,
sod chastised Mai foe hie berbatity. There still, at the end
of the garde., in • grove of oak, two towering Satyrs, he with
hie goat sod club, sad Mrs. Satyr grills her chubby cloven-
fooled brat, placed on pedestals at thblbeersectioes of the
narrow sod gloolyirsausaymemsk be a moment, with
their grim visages l sliest *ay farm, the fear into your
hisems which 'he act* tbi oeiglabesnig peassutry at
"111' oud Lord's dm*. fl
, • .1
1.. I -. .. 4.
iit the lake belowlllll Abbty the ertillelat reek which he,
gilled at a vast expedite, still retired its lofty bead; but the
frigate, which fulfilled Mother Shiptou's prophecy, by wiling
over dry land, from • distant part, to this place, had long
vaishibed, and the only reties of his naval whim were the rock,
his ship-hoofs, and the veiserable old Murray, who accompa-
nied me rimed the premises. The dark, haughty, impe-
tuous spirit sod mad deeds of this Nobleman, the Poet's
seek, I feel little doubt, by making.a wivisl and iade-
lible Impression on his 'whitsl limy, famished some.
of the principal materials fir the formatiott of his Lord-
elsip's favoorite, sod perpetually reawrieg poetical hero.
His manners sad acts are the theme of many a wiater
evening in that Neighbourhood. In one of his pa-.
rosy.. of wrath he shot hie machines for giving, in his'
opinion, its improper preeedusee; threw the corpse into the
carriage to his lady, mounted, sod drove himself. Fur
this he was tried by the Peers, hot aelyitted for waist
of residesier. in s quarrel, which moose out, of a dispute
between their gamekeepers, he killed his neighbor, Mr.
Cbarowck • the Lord of the adjoining maser. With that'
dolsappy.iteed, however, died all family feed; sad, if we
are to believe our Noble Bard, the dearest purpose of his,
heart would have been compassed could he have untied
the two mese by as utiles with "the tide reatoast of that
socket House," the present most ansiaMe Mrs. Charoock—
aur Mary of his poetry. To those who have any knowledge
of the two families, nothing is more pereptcrows in his lays
thee the deep interest with which he has seal. slid egoist:
termed to this his boyish, his first muse endearing wad-.
meet. The tt Dreams is literally their mutual history. The.
"marine oratorie," where Wood "his steed caparimaed,”
tdad the hill
r 7 ---0 crowned with a peeslisr diadem
Of trees in circular array, so fixed,
Not by the sport of netore, list of mast,"
are pictures too well blown to those who have seen them to
be Pairtaken fur a moment.
It is curious to observe the opinion* entertained by
country people of celebrated literary characters living at
times amongst them. I have frequently asked such persons
near Newstesd what sort of a riarbie Lordship was? the im-
' premien of hie energetic bet ecceatric character was obvious
in their reply, " He's the d-1 of one fellow for comical fan-
cies. He ftrgs th' owl Lard to nothing; bet he's a hearty
good fellow fur a' shot." One of these mere comical fancies
related by a farmer, who has sees it more than ouee, is truly
Byronic:—He would sumeiinies get into the boat with his
two noble Newfoundland dugs, row into the middle of the
lake, then dropping the oars, tumble over boo the water;
the faithful animals would immediately follow, seize him by
the coat collar, ore on each side, and bear bins away to
land. Dogs tutored in this manner are Invaluable, because
they may be relied upon In cases of actual danger.
Henley, September 23. W. H.
' Query—Chaworth.

MARKETS.

—mmsomo
[From the " Loudon Na. Price Current.")
FRIDAY, wovemese 16.
Correa —The market has bees eaceediegly heavy for
some weeks past, and we have at length to state a small
depression la the prices; Bursts of last wale have been dis-
posed of at a decline of id. per lb ea the last India House
sale prices; Bengals hare not been sold at say reduction,
yet the previews prices could 001 be obtaiord. The pur-
chases store our last cosiest of
200 Bengal sad. a 50. lie bead.
900 Surat
40 Para—. 10i1. duty paid.
60 Smyrna Old.
The arrivals from the 9th to the 15th inst. inclusive :
Bombay

Para 376
New South Wales
The serounia from Liverpool this morning state that
market exceedingly heavy, but the prices were Dot lower.

SUGAIL—The demand fur Museovades this week has
greatly improved ; the good and fine Sugars must be stated
Is. a 2.. higher ; the inreriok browns are it: more request,
priers a shade higher have been obtained, and there is every
prospect of a further improvement is Sugars. The prices
lately have been exceedingly depressed: the stocks on haud
are inconsiderable.

The Refiners have evinced some anxiety so effect sales
previous to the winter setting in; lower prices have in con-
sequence been submitted to : the shipping houses have pur-
chased considerably at the very reduced rates. A consider-
able parcel of Crushed Sugar hns been reported to be con-
tracted fur spring delivery sat prices higher than the present
market rates. 'llse Refiners du not appear inclined to enter
tutu these contract; owing to the present very low prices of
the market.

1821.

Three is no demand fur Foreign Sugars by private
contract.
The public sale of theasnah, 179 boxers, west at price.
ls. s 2s. lower, yellow 2hs. Id. a 28s. dd.; 128 chests Brazil
sold also at low rates, grey and ordinary *bite 281. a 305.,
yellow 25..
Covenr:—The public sales of Coffee brought forward this
week have been inconsiderable, Ike prices have been fully
maintained : at the public sale yesterdb?, fair quality St.
Domingo In calks sold 100 s., 100 s. 6d. and 101 s.; very ordi-
nary 985.; good to fire ordinary Jamaica extensively
lots. 64 and 103 s. There were so public sales this forenoon :
the demand for coffee suitable fur home cossmispllon coati-
nun, and generally the Cuffm lunarl may be staked 1
the prices tallier higher.
Fours.—,-The arrivals of every deseripitpielwri giq
hire conakie.ratde; new Cerruti sod To Aids age ea.
4111Pdtd to begin landing is a day or Iwo; two vpey largo
sales have breit 'brought forward, doodling( Or oath

;mho

AJ

- • .
11 Pigss, Pewees, Pesch Mem% Ileseaide *OA
kits Susi eargo that be berg as• *Arbil thii striiami
ISM brhkly at higher priests) sod Lash Relates:
three cargoes of mew Denis and VeJeatia Ralalea, 114.#.
resisting of -9,29 e. Wades,. about one-tfilid
Muse sold at 425.; 8,408 been and 1,000 heltkaoleti
. bolt sold briskly at 625. • 85e. per cwt.
Rust, Damien'. 'sots ift.Laitai.—The
by private contract has. twee emosidetable; the' ihsidliteser
he stated firm, mid pries a shade higher. The reds.. le.
the rate of real e 4 the West India warehouse apogees le
ewe great fireless a time holders, sled will prebehltlediste
speculators to purrlsopa Rom, as' they ran 6111111/64411.1111
at a reduced expense. The public sale this teremego ten
shied of 147 posehoes hinnies Rum, of au' aYMiiii
good quality, the strength quite unpreeedented; bee NOV.
aho per cen4 oper.prook, sold at 39. 611.,• average, 4 et'
Celli. O.P. 21. 9d. a 35.• 32 and 33, 2s. 7d. a 2s. 641,;
26, 30, mid 31s , 4s. Sd. a 2s. : generally strong Ruin
ate higlier.-.-Brandoes have been is .sure request : the,prises
are again ld. a 2d. per gallon higlier.—lu Gears Serene ow
alteration.
•Telseern-eTbe &mood foe Tobago enothemeo geierii
II" "'trill"' the Pllettumes are at pries a audit Irtgtier
them the late advance of fa. per lb.
Tgumm.—The Tallow market is eleeediagly beery, and
porches:a have been made BJ. below our reduced quota-
sewn. The Towo market is the seine as last week, 48s. 6d.

CORN EXCHANGE, FRIDAY, NOVAIIMILIII6.
We have had but few arrivals of any grain sines Monday,
still there is a large iprautity of Wheat at market which eau'
maiued over from that day's supply, bat the deinaad claw
invitee small ; only the Must samples can be dimmed mist
there is no alteration in prices. Fine Malting"last" me
ready sale to.day on full as good teramaa-em rMijy bat
(hero were nu buyers of the inferior genallaa. 41.9.011 Oat.
are ewer in coon qua:ft of short arrival'', bidding's( Ibis.
yenenosnielt, as well as new Hewn are le. Mrd- quartos'
cheerer. . other articles there is laic or no altarnahlw.

UIBItt DGE.

138McaIpppitelor's Rotors, Titvassay, Not 101811* IS.
, per load
' New ditto
.. per inane/. 2la dto Eta .—d
• i ~ ... ..lfs —d to 30s --t1
!Ss —d to 344 —I
.!riAlitir • Ws --4 Se EM ..—d
, IRWS ... —et -,od is, ...a. •••II

NEWBURY, "BERIUt Biome= 13.
Wheat 2O. to Ms Ws lie to 30s
Rye
Barley 2O, to 30s Pease troi to Xs
Bread, per pilots, ls. Old. to ls.

SALISBURY. Novato's 13.
Meat 4fa to 80s Od Oats.... 505.0 d. tollts. Od
Barley. 261 to 34. Od I Beams ..-445. Yd. OS 00s. Od

DEVIZES, Nossiorsa 15.
Wheat.... 38s Oda dis Od I Oats els Od &St, OA
Barley.... SI. Od a 27s Od Beans
748 Sacks of Wheat sold at the aversive of 31s. Od. '

HEINGERFORD, Noyes rldOld 14.
Wheat-380. Od. to 80s. Od. I
0a55..1(06. Od. Ws. Od.
110rtey..204. Od. to 345. Od. Beaus 50a. Od. to 41.. Od.

SMITHFIELD MARKET, FRIDAY, NOVUtnta 16.
Three was a middling Supply of all descriptions of Cattle
at slailhet this morning, but the price, are rather higher than
last market day. In the Hay-market there is au material
Straw and Clover wiper oar last.—Tbe following
is sii ildellette statement of the prices sod numbers :
• • • • To sink the offal per mese af 81h.
Beef....ts. 6J. to 31. 10d, Head of Cattle this day!
Motu/n..26. 61. to 3s. 81. Beasts
fea1....3a. 0.1. to Ss. Od. Sheep
Park ....2s. 6.1. to 4s. Bd. Calves .. 180
Laab...os. Od. to Oa. Od. Pigs..... 2lO
HAY.SIARK ET.
• Her= . • .. Si. 10s. to 4/. 11*.
41. Os. to U. be.
•1" Stoats U. 121. to If. 16s.
•

NEWGATE AND LEA DENHALL MARKETS.
(By the Careass.)
Reef .... ?a 4d to 34 44 Veal .... 3s 4d to Is ltd
Mutton.. 24 4d so 3. Od I Pork .... 4d to 4s NJ

PRICES OF HAY AND STRAW.
IT. JANOS... WHITIPCSP•PICL.
Hay 31 OS Od to 41 Os 0.1 Hay 3/ 10.04 to 414. 0.1
Straw 11 71 04 to II 16. Od Clover.. 41 0. Od to 5/ S. Od
Clover 4/ Os Od to 61 Os Od I Straw .11 04 to 11 144 04

PRICE OF HOPS, per Cwt.
NEW rocuitTs. NIRM WAOIII.
Kent ....t/ 140 to 5/ Or Kent I/ 10. to 11/ 15,
Sussex ..21 bs hi 3! 80 Cline% 2/ O. to 3/ 01
Essex....2l 100 to 4/ 4. Essex .... bs to 3/ 150
Farnham, fine, 71. to W. 9s.—See.onds, 41. 100. to 7!. Os.

PRICKS OF TALLOW, SOAP, fee. per Iltlb.
Town Tallow Mis Oa .—• Uii Yellow Stray SIN
Yellow Russia 45a Ad —.l 0.1 Mottled
White ditto...4ss Oil —a Oa Cord . 94s
Soap ditt0.....42s Od —a Od Graves I
Melting Stuff :19s Oil —s 0.1 Good Dregs 7s Os
Ditto r0ag1i..251 Od —s Od

PRICE OF RAW FAT, per stone of Alb
Price of Tallow (as stated by Ilse Tallow Ateliers) 2.. 79.

SHEEP SKINS.
Polled
Downs

WINES, exclusive of duly, 7s. 7d. per (allot..
Port, old, per 138 gallon% 3Ol. to 411.
New, ditto
Lisbon, per pipe
Madeira, per pipe of 110 gallons (East ladia) 451. to 7W.
Sherry, per butt

FOREIGN WOOLS, prr lb.
Spook!' Sheep, Lamina 3s id ais 6d
Servisl- 116 Oil s 3. 9d •
".4

2s Ad a
Seville is 3d a 36 Od
Se 6d ei 7. 3d T.
2d lA, Od aSe 3d
wit
llohemia 1.t........ .....'4. fld 7e Sd
.*4 3. Sd a 443 de l vdis

• R*W HI Deek.'"" '
Best Heifen &Steen, pest. Onlistail.. as 6d to gs 0
3s 4d its 3s 641 Mastics Cayv,. each Os thi
1
Middlings 2s 104 to 3s Od Vng fosse Os 0 to Os 0

erre z-

_ , -~-

Paic■ 11

u

--1-- .
MICR OF LATHER.
Sells, GO to $ll/b0.011C11..4 Gad to 1124 pee lb. •
to I
DDilamlo le, NI
Hilda lb Sibs. Sell
.•: 4....1i 111141 to 244 •
rg r MO
Floe Coaeb Hitler .... r.
0414 Hides 36 040lb'. foe entUog 1 4to 41 ''' " 1
Ditto 46t01a1b1b0..e5,.4:a......10 d to 211
Calf Akins 30 to delbe .. es ... .... -Add to '3ld
Ditto Milo 701bs 6,..5..2114 to 36d
Ditto 70 t011101b0.........6...20.1 to SIM
Small Seals (Greenland) 114 to 201
Large ditto
Tanned Horse Hides 18;d to 19d '
Spanish Horse Hides • • '. OW to Vid
COAL MARKET/
.Noetiones 10.
Ships at Markel. 13bi So d. Prire.
31 Newcastle
3.; %Wetland
2 Scotch Coal
. 1 Caddell Coal
--......_
DiSTURBANCB AT SAR.4GOS4A. . •

A-French journal gives the following inlelligenril
in a letter from Madrid, dried November I. Th.
Madrid pope's of the same date do not mention the
affair :
" An extraordinary courier was this day received by the
Gorerntistat from Saragossa. He brings informaiiim that
fur some lime past cries of • Riego for ever r bad been 'lewd
ill the public promenades end the theatres of that city. Songs
in boomer of the General had been sting in all the public
places. sad regret for his removal from office wee loudly ex.
pressed. The aollstmities tried in vain, by a Prochunatiou,.
and some measures of severity, to repress the manifestation
oracle sentiments : these measures served only to irritate,
On the Mltb of last mynas the acclamations in favour of
Riego neconimeoced with more activity than ever. It
appears that the Political Chief Moreda took a wrobs
course *for ie-establishing tranquillity. The conduct of
his agitate excited a commotion Is which three persons
were woosied. and other two arrested. Next day the
militia minabled in the poblie square with a piece of ar-
tillery. .1110. hostile !Windt bad for Its object to obtais
reperatioe for an insult given ow the preceding treeing to
owe of the Members of tbe corps. A *deputation was strut to
the Municipality to demoted the dismiseal of the Political
Chief Ms*da, end the arrest of several parsecs olio during
the preceding days bad abused their powers. The Mu-
nicipality did not think fit to refuse this demand, and the
Political Govereentet was give. provisionally to the In-
teedant Gaetano. General Amer et the some lime 118.
sensed the military command. During the *bole of this
time the militia preserved order it the town, and the
troops of the line took no part in theta movements. No
misfortune he. occurred. On the same evening General
Alva arrived to take possession of his Government; but be'
set out arsiii mixt d.. The guider who has brought this
news preceded MD. At the moment orb', departure perfect
tranquillity metalled ielesageme."

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

• I/RAMAN PAPERS.
•4..
ROMK, OCTOUI O.
•-•
.! •••'‘ •••
M. Caseelli, Commandant of Naples daring the
revolutionary period, has been arrested here on one.
application of his Sicilian Majesty. He bad lived
for some months quite retired in a house in the Vt.,.
Ferentiao, whence be was conveyed to the Castle of
St. Angelo..to be takeu to Naples under the escort
of an inspector of the Police. It is said that pa-
pers and letters of great importance were found. in
his possession.
The Au - General Fitzgerald lately passed
through here on his way to Moravia, and several
detachments of troops returning to Aostria, which
it is said will be replaced by fresh detachments.—
Many persons have been carried off this autumn by
apoplexy ; among them is the celebrated Advocate
Fetietti, and the English Vice-Consul at Atwood, &c.
Several marriage" in the higher circle. are the
subjects of general atteutiou. The son of Lueieu
Bonaparte will marry the daughter of Joseph
Bonaparte, with a portion of 300,000 scudi ; the
son of Prince Ruspoli the daughter of the Prin-
cipe de la Paz; the Marquis Serltipi the Duchess
of Fiano ; the nephew of the banker Count Lo-
ve& the. Merchess Zondadari of Sierma, with a
portion of 200,000 scurli. arc.
We expect here the Prince of Carignan, Prince
Jerome Bonaparte, and from Tuscany the Costa •
of St. Leo.
Several Revolutionists of Poute Corey, who have
been brought hither, are Numbed to differeut
provincial towns.
ROME, OCTOISKR 20.
The Pipe! Government has been induced by the
representations made to it.to restore to Ancor,' at d
Civitta Vecchia the privileges of free pests fur fo-
reign silk and woollen intottifecturts, which wtre
lately withdrawn with s view to favour the riatiomil
manufactures. The Government has perceived
that such instructions do not promote industry, but
injure commerce. The towns of Ancona sod envy
Vecchia have testified the greatest joy cud gratttnie
fur the restoratiun of these privileges.
NAPLES, octostaa 18.
Legal proceedings are carrying on with great di-
ligence for the trial of Silvati and Morelli, the two
authors of the revolt at Moriteforte iu 1840, who
were lately taken disguised as Greeks.
It is said that negociations are on foot with the
Austrian Government to get the Ausirtin army of
occupation reduced next year to 25,000 men, *tad
instead of them our Government wi•uld then tske
some Swiss regiments into pay as it has done Ist
former times.—(4llgemeine Zeitung, Nov. 5.)
FRANKFORT, NOVEMBER 7.
His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland
arrived here to-day on his retort, from Low, to
which place he accompanied the king, his brothel:.
His Royal Highness travels under the name of. the
Count of Diephaz.
Their Highnesses the Dokert Charles end Williams
of Brunswick have also arrived bete from Hanover ;
they are 'ming bock toLetisanue.
. His Horbsteso• Prince Metteroich arrived hero
yesterday evening from his seat of Johinsuisl.,ere.
•lENBA, MOTIINIBKI 4.
We have accounts hire from Constantinople top
the 14th Of October. The city wai tolerably trim-
toil,' only eiCesSes wire feared from the Acetic
troopti, espec:ally those in the more remote gamer'

-

~ c : 414 I I
.. ' s I )4t •
li,
s. :

KM

o'Lla

;11a4

To easels& with the favourite Nosiest Estroursgesta, called discharged at the General Treasery, os Tuesday, the 3lst. 1 with the exception •
GIOVANNI IN LONSISSIt , July last, ow which day the Interest thereon would•reaver chn& object placed a
Doe Giovaasi, Medusa Yost*: LIMN% Mr. Hertel i but 'hat sap of the Sete' "'ettiaed ftl PaYetret .9.1111 with a lambent done, i
Der. Furn.iime Fwekh4 mi. ip„,,, ~pr0..iii.p„,,,,150. sail/ further orders, be received lo transfer to the sew Las tete, er width, Hat ea
Ilia Matt ; Mir C.sooltutlt tieleattelee7 I 4141' Ill" •""id• tamed removal, Ido a
Ire rob. gem. awe • . . •• . •. :.! •. - . . Aod fsbooseest Alba Cowes hiteatiou et await& • weve,Voys. e tete-tle toltiltrallest•
mpg oboes le be "root work. " , shover. is Indigo", Oa &nib 1.... Ls lbeir_hefiegelaawleised advertise. orbs fli.sever
alvelalApllle•elkitstWth therlitc ball thus heed buttes.' . ettleasilbsilt a squills
11010Mibil &ballast Novak • - -Ai 1. 1- It - • ••
retorual sad remakes
Soles, 74.• &coed Price 3s. ed.—Pit, 3,. . • tessoWd WO West lielltet Govreeraelbli
wThe Cass' of Directors do hereby give notice, that ilia alai" ea etditteeket el
Price, !s.—Gallery, Is.; iiecoud Price, ls.s-Illiper-Tail..
osousba is eaßearilatios hy the Conti, and adverted to is '4O that lad peed, tell
lan. U.; &coed Prier, ed. .
pia to be takes
of me. Radweu, ilk do goisudit a the their said Advettioratests a she 6th sad Illtb July tut, are kid, Is one of hill du,
to he considered so retirelv void and of nee effect. • the *sedates, a courage

flso--"seablieeTC7edltorswho--.;;lll4;e...recpt--- skall
Aseptlre tie mime. of the Principal of Shelf obiliatioos of
30th June DUI, in cash.. will net be glided to the est.
4,41,110 IWO* re•Wltatata
.IMetlXlMiAd.•.4 4o
subeerildatraideitees i elf aecrelett later's' due to
to the period when they say have demanded their Principal, •
shall be paid in cosh only at the Treasury in Calcutta.
The Court of Directors do further give Notice, that the

4
/ 1 • . • 1
• ,
4 ,
• . . •
.a . •
•••. • . • .
.4..,..,;:i-7,,5:::..„..- .:,._:..-.,....:..,,-1:1..::,
,1.,...,...r.t........,.,..........,..,,,..,•:,...4......,,.
... a, t , ~,,.. , • . . . li. 114 WAIL) JlHi ,1?
..
.........
•••4 111N1141N_ HATIIRrIAir. NOVIUNTIVR 1 1041

'77 7 7
• moos, Women* to,
7
From accounts oflcialty cOithstmicated, it op-
press •that.'in :getter.' the Cholera Nikbes lit tke
istand lir Java was dimihistsig
From the reports received trait sin's the resi-
dencies, it is to be obieried Via" iiesifliersons
have hero recovered by • time!), Am 4 or, is
ciplied• the Chairs lliiiassts cilia*** boal.

loualdnim. owl oil of pepperosiiit; io balm-

qneiree thossends of the uatives have eagerly alla,
41141-.4 the local authorities for this iiiipaidjr: *iv.
Perrr eneinin the ileteited reports brills 11011,,
/Or. tath, sed, arid 20th of JoiOr-aI0). 01147,
lAD ,followsintestroate will Any onsidammeee4
Ow MI tither of darks-daily' in tfaill'illttleifjohillr.r.
. .r am 1.. ‘apk, & 7,440.
ilsikvis...r~
Olkalsogooir. 66
Haslet .'.Aii• oil
g;b..... 'll
51r.eirti:..•
3 •i, I
44111,T114 ,""! l6O
Tonal .bvv.....a. Notkooma ...i e#116.%."1.14111.611; 11 .
700. w.
PIM 011 ...;.....5k • ditto
11ro1beiti . ....
.71 • 111 ...
P. 441 ••m•• • .A •• • , 6O ...... 137 ..1.... 4
Is psis
moi.k 4.• .• .. list ' • skt
The torsi ournbor of death, elated in deo several
ll 'ports .a le WI ftillow6,bef **tier?* oliblyolllllfitieell
,if thel ItePeeter the Puillbee ad.* *OW 91199*
yeti steMPORPOt •to he veteneedvs ilratliiiesolO 'be tn.'
riPeiOinfble ;
.., tir .lel Jose • 05e.....46.•05e -tee 1
1. - , SA- ..... 44•6464..4/41K.•11,1111
llob . ..••11114.,..4.414.1•1b IN/ . 211114 . - .
tad • ••.--,•
...IN*, •• • ........ 947
ID&

Fr.COND CRAM/ta OF TIRE STA,TES-GENIIRAL
arrntio or Novelises 9.
ilk Order of the Day was the debate on the
~Foiei] 741.-the hiw foe the ippiortioialeg of • tlie.
litit4?f4riits * ditty Osi Hissehad Ituroiture;
nn leng tii difiuln provinces of the kiogdoio.
Time* member who apohe as this OCeleillo.loll3
Mr. Werrionek,- of Antwerp; who, in gl4og his
ttsitilto the Measure proposed, tdok the ripportu
tilty"or observing, that however the members muy
(A4for is moms ptiega,it is only with respect to the
beat• tumefies of promoting the rhappiness of the
eootary,' VIP being animsted *Mr the same zed to'
ibcrtiO:iteptooperitr. 'Ceti such differences be
4 •
reser to breed hatred and allegation between us.?
"Whey let congest and reciprocal. aft= .11Mw
Wilber thetiorwhisk•uniteos. bet a frank sad 4n.
Itshtt'rted cf ttrftk4tuy be no more titisidered'Olf'
haat& tha'aboiretilinent, but, on the contrary, as
the greeriiiporiblesPrvice that can be rendered it.
T:ktse.. ttnd not before, we may co-operate con-
stoutly and efficaciously with his Majesty towards

04-Prosperity Of eir'olllllllloo eonntry', and shelter,
it some measure, the expectations of our
tkients. The Hon. Member, in giving his assent
to the project, expressed a hope that the speedy
nsiospletionwf-the eaelasin, or serve, of the king-
dotitirould citable the Government to form'a Plan
for remedying the defects of the present system, by
phicc!..etne provinces had • larger proportion to pay
slum *they ought to have.
The project of law was then adopted onani.
. .
,aarabottel4-•
• "row
71.1:78111110. wovirmasa 8.
French brig Les Dear Emgexies, Captain
4.134 Gnarl, bound from Malaga so Duokisk with
Oat and bliumake, has arrived ku our roods and cast
at ct,or off the Zuldwatermg. there to perform
queiranieue. She had lost three anchors in a storm
ddi DtAirk. 'There are no sick on hoard. We
thin.. is the vessel which, according to
the (Aeat Animal and other papers, was refused
tufulithtnee at. Dstuitirk.a-(Datch Fop's, Ito-
.
roomer 14.)

r

r


dbe Psoseisdar sista oc-
sisal Shoo's emelt blirodobeda. • .• •,,' ••••
• '• okalitson?, troottintt S.
The opening of the Gernairitra • Djet., Which had
heitized for the 15th of November, is to be de.
retied 'kr ik fOrtnight'ltetter:' ''rliiiadjoiatilinient is
attributed to Priam Metternieb's joatehey to Ha-
nover, which, hiring becifiessivAl ea' Miei-
pectedly, has delayed the inotriseboes oeemerary to
be given to •the Preilidedt if tbs 11:J1et. It ie.
thodglit thiie 'initAre-troeis loss— ibly have been
modified according .ICeiaitgistertitl conferences
which' hairW' Wien pibei' tit ITlfineiei; and whose
object tithe Preleot coodition of Oreecf•
• - -coWsritrriebrt.e;' oiliest' 111.
Cooofisrpotion has irtivriNilf6esorbe'ditiri'post in
thia The daimstors Tsphish troops
Is, lotely ettpetiiettellit• from the to Viiittpif;
i•c•fiai•ed that they
have bimisopleiarieillaNd by tlit f:lre4s, aid •

Sinai
cause witirebila.- 411wariPmeissisertheett' Wed,
and a tllitcqt W add; is &ore
this late-Uwe.* of the Greeks, is is thought, the
retaliation .bie been 'terrible:- Their •foreet hare
been coasi4isibly sagiseated ; 164 have defeated
four corps. -71telv-oever was • a aura- •dteaditil or
oiore alififtwefr erigipiesiseqii;Sliejsabat ;lasted for

nine-dojo without intetrAtitiddl. • The mecca ' veil"
dkildtdly Apter, the Zimititiondani.of 't*YA:(3l*)ti
of Theiiesky,.the.country of All Podia. The letter
hu-vt—rhi- of the blockode. ind 6jihti WiTh'ilf
the 'see or elairerr oiict wimp whielitho.doeohot
Nis tire soda etkited tertest.''".' .r.... • • 'f's•
—Tbi•liiiisiruiti is gess Alta,
iteforritig tbeit armies. The eueveleof the •Greelii
is a 'eiggiarl efehtolo4l fornis'i new era is bistorj.•

OCTOSIIIL QS.
The arrival of Capt. Bergantine with "the Russian
flag 44. gives greet 4aleitaare to the Porte and the
people. Inferences favourable to peace were in).
waist* dedatee We* K. 'll e 441E1 riot be a
404 staiotka4li 4viroiii• to tiliieirnble icaOusts
how Albania. •

Inn iirdWless to digert the minds of, the people
tbaea report has been virdobsted this obraing that
the Trirkiih 'fleet haefrelieverf ale 'of the
Capitan B y in the Greif of trepaoto from !blacks/le,
odd shot it had captured twenty of the!Gtiet tea.
eels, mime say filly. The Idriots and Ipsariots, it
is added, hvve returned to their harbours; rind pro-
po,itions have been *de for an accommodation,
though the. Porte Abe faunally. refused to listen
to thew. ~to ssirsr,i a,t pteA N rr.t, I/3.
ANOVirit *AK


1Y MANNING:

NM. *,

lief, mud yet, while Parliansevit and the Ministers
profess themselves anxisitsior a /randy, it is sor.'
prising that in the instance above stated they sboald
have allowed themselves to be anticipated by the
Frepek Government. England posseases itiFi.
tory ou the banks of the Senegal which furnishes
facilities for the extension of tride in that quarter.
but it seems a voyage 4 discovery to the North
• Pole, which, as an up king for the grati-
fication of seiestifie •coviositpt, is suited only to a
season of prosilerity, has spire` charms in the eyes of
her Government than the solid advantages to be de-
rived from the cultivation and extension of trade in
the interior of Africa.
—...........
The Paris Papers of Tuesday hot have arrived.
The Scrims of the Legislative Bodies opened on
Monday. the 6th instant, and the Chamber of
Deputies has sot yet presented a sufficient number
of Menabers to enable it to discuss any public quirt-
from. la the sitting of Monday bat it could net
':iiiiiiter 'mo're tban' 200, wiiich: is 14 short of the
i nomber required; it was then three o'clock, • and.
It* Passible's! announced ari adjantimient to the
fillereriog day, bet this wee objected to on the
trourtd.that lOme more Members tpiglit be expect-
ed to attend io tl)e course of The Sitting. there
Mpg not fewer Than WO in Paris. After some ob-
Stiilrelitirms tae Chitinber proceeded to the ordinary
baniatoo of the election returns, with which it was
til
steippied tinhalf, pint five o'clock.
The Coortilatimme/ contains an article, dated
1.
catittaitliisOjili, illit October, which 'we iboold.bk
happy to Sod confirmed, bat. although we tern*
be - inclined to believe what -we desire, cape-:
;
rience of the character of all Dews from Turkey
is the French Papers will not allow us to give,
it implicit credit. It states that the Greeks, joined;
by Ali Pacha, have defeated the Turks, and that'
i the greatest couatersation prevails in consequence in
Constantinople.
. -
German Papers to the Bth instant have arrived.
Extracts from them are given in oor preceding co-
, !pains.
—.........._

THJ4401;44)=-4""s5S,

, LONt)OI4,
SATURDAY,

The Addresses of the Coirt of Aldermen and
Commas Council of the Cloy of toadolli.trotiStatu-
lating•the KING oo his Waft tittita to hob ~Vltittli do:
minions, were presented yesterday. it witi be seta
in oat report of the .cereitiony,.givea in.anotlidepait
Jr our Paper; thit his Als.tssitr. iutho
vending terms, addressed the pis') ;fr4ypita, and
expressed his regret that it Wini nit his'ilower to
dine with the Corporation of London on -the lute
Lord IVlHyor's day. The City to ly thence pre-
-911113e, that, if circumstances permit. it will enjoy
that
.honour at the Easter feitirst.-

-__

Eatract of a letter from the Agents to WV'tit
at 611.400- Ayres, dated September 4:—
" By a letter received here ow the 2d instant,
dated Santiago de Chili, 13th ultimo, one p.m.
the schooner Montezuma had just arrived, from Cal-
: leo, With ofEcialraccounts of General Sax Mama
hiving entered Lima by force of arms."
Aa •application of a very singular nature was
made yesterday •to the Court of Chancery, and
which, if it could be successfully established as a
principle, would lead the way to the meat certain
means of affording relief to the farmers throughout
the country. A petition was presented to the Loan
, CHANCRLLOR by two persons of the name of HUD-
SON, who hold a farm in the county of Essex under
the Coopers' CoMpany, praying that it !should be
referred to the Master to inquire and report whether
the rent they now pay to the Companyought not
to be reduced. This farm was let some few years
ago by the Coopers' Company, as trustees of a
charity, at which time the lessees were supposed to
have acquired a very beneficial interest in the land.
The produce of the farm then sold et a good remu-
nerating price, but the profile of agriculture had
since that time suffered throughout the empire a
very serious ditninutiou, and the farm in Essex watt
unfortunately not exempted from the general evil.
The • petitioner* • had • in consequence of this
sustained a very considerable injury, having lost
in the 'eat 1820 alone not , less than 1;0004
Nye dare cry that this particular case differs
in a *,,tft istlitttite degree from the of • the
great malrseigi of farmers in the United kingdom,
bilt•this; ire believe, ii the only instance of such an
Us the present to a Court of Equity for
special relief. The Court of Chancery, we pre-
Saute, has jurisdiction in' the present case, as the

The following paragraph is extracted from a
tWer or Togo&ly
•" Opinions which have long been dirided with
Itsp4l to Senegal, oie nor: hegi n 1014 to 6i'acide,
it ie now *greed that the coustry is adapted for
colonial cultiiiriou. • The rrpeatcil trial.pluch have
been Oro& brthe !Slid theclinrie, hive e.ntirely

_._e'
Jr Own , to assemble en army to . accept - amnesty . f' fer the: 9106altileihmt, Wp' proof cler.: . posh who is .to bear the conrequences, .
or plains of Sophia, to observe Turk., and which has had little effect in the rest a
•iriciinit iiiiiribuiti log enterrioneipessir • 119 .119.0 CP.P.V.r.b.Y.IWAGGIOYD;ti,SJUI.T .1.16.Ci11i-f.t•
'llltimellealeAllell""*lmg-:-1161.6111"1"9141111/1":sr AilfriTliiiiiit' iiitialtkie nab. 'ijai iiaitii-, 'iciica !..P.1.--.llll.Titifil Ns- p",-.D.- ex-Pio9le. "0 if 4 : lief" be. P4-11•se• • tillke-, •cutiar,coP.PrilliPW of Yea"
sent word to time-Parse thautlaimisionderstsadiag , .:... .'. .; . ..v..,. • ... ... ~ ... . • ..
?mow,u obe Turks and the . pneopeop.ibe ofwailii Goa. 11614gea. OF ;Wm, DPW's. ; sod liiiihrs• f hisser666d for bibelots of colonisation. it Gems ilkifiht ober. ilig" 'PI he ,had nit 41"iteuhlted
have be/ilLOrtileatity •adjorted. .. The I,ll4.mheipi, • • Tbe.enuristot •of mien pima in the !elopes. • a'whilr is iott*lried to appeal to the'plaritsre, Ord ' when he had joinotila rho engsgeasoar. The
in Asia' Wkhor.. •it seem. that 1444, ritiill.ii %papa neonir Kat • roe or adinsdise ti ere: Octleisiidi;,, and: shell thailonogal is destined to became an attn. laillit7er, sostrwieO as aspect esoentailly
at Conglll,lllll/o*.risOiriingstie aitairs tlia Pete,. the Tricks-6611 Gad' it diffichlt to shbdue that • cultural cidOwy.. Let Ira hOire. thi4fl;y th e eide).• irbew it #te.itni PO • poor 011.18 .Rho Iftnnlnen n#^
nannesusat :The alma .witufactory eeetaints, hamr. '
lifeag
country anew. ?son & Piichit'har• eobikitrite'f At ' siOn of ta~tttaAtoo, ori. commerce will aeon dad at Sens. to an aretmeat from which he fondly hopes I
ever, have been ireariwrel •raopectingr: the Twelkisli . . . •..
.
shell by !notified tO irithKt Pre moons of u ~.
fleet. Pre different Imsdinr were *Matted With h.° forces in the ineinue of PatemPrwhoo ho is on Gal both oto Piw4wco and o new tnarkel."
„ ....„ .
entire sokkesii, The &Wary state or Conotaatino- the tlefitnite, end' !deatie6tly hrodefina idoletiniee the decay of nide bus beta for Wilt Ow the and hooloilirable support for hisofri! tad his tlio?ilY
' pie was asisfactoty,-4/Varnalorg Correspondent. from ilia' Turkieb . 16i. to iefici mei hieadia subject of loud and general complaint. The open- there Ih alaa a further poipt neyinir itt ssisids ow-
li'orearbang./. t -•(•••• -••-• • • • • •-" •'.i • - tiv 'mum of - lest kW has ' beton* adverse to the nig or new chairciels Wiiiila bit ii..441.1n0di 9t '
re- case to be c""iderfd* and tills Iretil
''.';!5111!"
DOWNIGIIII.

*culla' el! Aro*
0440;,
,000,
be
4e4m.ot

escle-
sively tsis theiniereStpfibe *otheeside, pod iovolsel
a gantleta of expedieocy upon the probable advise.
tage of relaxing the lc! 0)A of the agregoseet
roar of the saving party. Should laud be let to
• poor farmer, who is unable to endure the exigep.
cies arising from a course of unfavourable years,
the eonsequeseee to him must eventually be a total
ipeolveoey, fraudulect flight to smother coon-
-I,trT. The consequences to the landlord mast be
lies of One; two, or three years' rent, the expense
of au ejecitseut, and of an action for the rec..
very of surfers, or else op the flight of Iris tenant
he receives his land unstocked and impoverish-
ed by improper cultivation, with houses dilapi-
dated, and waste of every kind committed. These
evils, or some of them, might hare been prevented,
' hod the rent been judiciously reduced before the
preesure of circumstances had reduced the strag-
gling fanner to choose betweeo the alternatives 0(
Bight or imprisonment. Several Noblemen mud
Gentlemen threugliout the kingdom have kirsop tat
feel the necessity of yielding to the exigency that
no* weighs upon the, agriculture of the country, oat;
we doubt not that the dictates of their humanity in
fording seasonable relief to tbeir tenants will lon
&mad to be, as it might W Ise, sermistent with the
Illtrist principles of sound's/Wend discretion. lti
iThe case before the Loan CAANCSL LOB. mteitith
Liirdthip referred the matter to the Mester, oith
Oienuderitauding, as, we collect it from therspect,
di* whatever reduction the Master may advise shall
le Permitted only dining the existing exigeacy,
should it be fonod to be merely temporary.
Letters from Havoenah, dated October 6th,
ention, that Mexico and Vera Cruz had. refuse*
Ito accede to the late Treaty entered iuto by Peutq.
>ltoa, end, sanctioned by the new Viceroy.
sow. They add that fresh disseutiom had broke
eat among the Independents.
The Gwen Glendower arrived at Valparaiso me
.Bm 13th July from Cillao; and the creole Genital%
Pa the ogth from is cruise. The &p r& and Comb
smiled on the 31st for the coest of Pesu.
The Loyal Briton and(Brilliul tronsports wttpi
the.lst division of the gist resimeht on board sailed
&ea Groeniick .Oa pie 10th iSitent for Jamaica.
A private letter from Nienport, dated the 14d1
inetant says—e 4 A shocking occurrence took pt
Sri:ten:lay at Bruges. • Two brothers quarelled,
opt whom took out e knife and cut the other's thint_.
The heed was nearly severed from the body, met
died immediately. The wretched survivor was kW
Mandy apprehended end-comitsitted to gaol. It id
Sot uncommon for the females in that part of the
itenntry to fight. with knives."
CHILI—The Governor of Chili has transported
most of his State Prisoners and some crimioals
the island of Juan Fernandez, where they intopol
planting a colony. A few troops and a Gov
and some women, comprise the whole popu,latiams
The Journal de Paris states—" A letter from
Bale, dated the 9th instant, announces to us that
General RAPP died pt six o"clock, at the morning
of that day, at his'eouutry seat of •Reinweiler, four
leagues from that Lowe. The almost hopeless state
in which the General has lately been renders Chip
grievous intelligence but too probable : we are,
however, hound to add, that at noon this day (Moot
day) no account of it had been received at his house
in Paris."

Thursday Danish Bonds sold at from 80 to 80i.
The contract was concluded in London, Ind has
not yet received the ratification of the King of DIN-
MARK, but it is expected by the next mail. Mean-
time, the transactions in them are made subject to
that ratification. We were incorrect'in stating that
the power is reserved by Denmark of incycming the
loan to three millions, in INS. on the WM Serail
she merely stipulates fur the right of ratting en ad-
ditional mill ##### and a half on the same securities
(that is, the 'Shand duties and the revenue of her
West India Island.), leaving the terms to be ad-
justed by mine future contractors, and not at all
pledging the previa' ones. The house of Mesans.
F. A. HA LDEMA ND and Sons has taken tlie whole
of the luau now introduced into this market. We
underoand that the dividends on that portion of it
which Ii mates bunco will alio be paid in London,
The Earl of Wicitt.om was elected ists Friday
lost a representative Peer of Ireland, io the room of
the Earl of ittinta, now a Peerßain. or Great Britain.
Mr. MonTaaiis, in the Vice-Chancellor's Court
of

T

74RE ar,RAVAD.E,
TREE " t TILE rept XNE &lEEE IPIE Tllll
9UPT
• .0 lobe, le" mak"! seeh as how
Se lest alone to slumber% power?
0, ma! loss easiee
Fur the mooting* walks, where lovers mem,
And the silver soap, mid the Ail* filreet•
Of their sereamle.
And the, love rim, the Queen of Night
kliiirphls thy rest, for her =flee are brigbt
Oa thy mewing nem;
itod the hire*. Ames of love sad blies
Are awake aid abroad, is a night like ibis—
lima, where art limo?
0 quit, love,galt those willows blest,
That bower SCOSINI shy conch of rest,
From realties above;
Forget, if thou mom, the Hsleyoo theme,
And wake to as holy, as happy a dream—
The dream of love.
kark, ipme, hark tp yip melody [Mal,
'Ti. the soar of the nightiagate postbag her plaint.
To the marry ray ;

But the "sly arks that earn cheer sty eight,
Aid bless my sung with their louts of light..
Oh! where are they ?
And list, love, list, mid the silence around
Theo aloult hear beside, the sorroter'd wood
Of thy lover's lay ;
As be slogs that the earth and the skies are die,
And the beauty of eight bath nu beauty fur hia,
While thus art noel.
Theo wake thee, wake thou sweetest lower,
Aud quit for a stieuient thy virgin bower,
For thy true Woe'. same ;
There Is wooed to harm thee, 'roomier on high,
The earth Is tranquil, and to is the sky,
Then wake, love, wake !
fair bears, she wakes; from her wlodow Car,
The well.knowu sound .if her lout F•i4Ar
Huth eight ker.esr
MAW at her calmest she lakes her stand,
hod waving ales -her lily band,
/the wafts a kiss to her cavalier.
.

jrcl

i 14
.4, ,
1
;
. 1
i
g 1
it 1
~ i
, 1
1
a
I'
13 .
, .i 41
:i f; 1 I
,A
' 4 1
I •
'I
1
•
; .
.1
'll
(
'
I _fir
."
i ? i
• ;
1
t li il
A i I
1 t
T
1
1
.)' 1
II;
i 1
'
Y
i 1
1 ;
./
,
1
I
1 .."
.. 1
t li
. • -t f,
1 i

•
of the city. The Greeks daily lose Timbre sad vessels m*the Greet beet on the coast of l'Arpon.. testified his wish hit. • tlinptain , o those subjects upon hr
more of their old privileges, and are gaithadlY Min% It aistospiellofultandk ef,106.11.1 :sad . Qsreroment
'•~
• • • - s • IttllT soy .
sinking into a- tstate of complete slavery. On the had nyencire4thi... /the taaissidA ',rips gat colonization "14" ••!" a •
1). t e Frew ' • • • •
261 h of September they were prohibited from keep- , .11*. " des. There dioabgllitt
ingany Franks in their service, and a few days ego a:pec~;► it •••
id be any ie. if "'Awoke! a bar eyes,lios,
the ancient ordinances were renewed respecting the Turkish squadron.. • ensifiding the •
oe ad '• 'ea of the coaot►y ought, generally speaking, to be bound to the fill-
*4! ;$4l-- Wall • i411100D411. lrchipela~a Lose /. la a faa-alealsi. Itetostriilmr.drotitlks*wr-ILaala *Am!' 4!1111..911.044.,0 1.3•491 441
min has titTorders assemble an army to be disposed to accept the amnesty offered by the for tbeintrodnesi, o,tettisiNep,Vr rem, cep•,
.gasai who is obie to bear the consequences, we see
of 60,90/1.1016 toe plains of SaPhatrta observe e Tasks, and which boa had hide effect in the rest thioasarHtiiii: air tk. enteritrise..a.lllllr _D_O ILOP4 e_.1114 Ittltitc.lol.l.l6.4lJS:

t
_ 4,04 Q,
,
a 05
•
•
