MIL HAMILTON TO THE PUBLIC.

ItETURNED from a Summer excursion to the North,
Mr. HAMILTON submits once more to the consideration
of the enlightened community of the metropolis that SISTE3I of
INSTRUCTION which he bad first the honour of proposing to
than one year ago. Without a protector but its own merits, with-
out a co-operating friend in those circles the public eapreasion of
whose approbation usually insures success, the Hamiltonian Sys-
tem has successfully warred against the host of adversaries whom
incredulity and interest have excited against it.
Above 130 public and private classes have been formed within
the last year in London and its vicinity ; between 200 and 300 pu-
pils are !low in progress in Liverpoo‘ Glasgow, and Paisley, yet
no complaint, no instance of Milure, has yet been brought before the
public. The books published by Mr. Hamilton for the attainment
of the French, Latin, and Greek, are now in the hands of several
thousand returns, and, with the aid of the full instructions which
they contain for the use of them, produce, even in the hands of
other teachers, effects altogether impossible on the pian of the
schools. No one of Mr. -Hamilton's numerous adversaries has
brought forward a solid objection to his sy..tens, or has attempted
to controvert the effects ascribed to it.

May it not therefore be fairly inferred, that the thing was impos-
sible, that Mr. Hamilton has fulfilled every engagement, BCCOIII.
pludied every prediction, satiafied every reasonable expectation ?
And if he has, and if evidence that he has done so is begird the
public. unisupeached and unimpeachable, what hinders that the
flarniltonian System be adopted as the national system, in the room
of that of which society has been so long the victim and the dupe ?
Is there rashly such a pleasure in poring over the pages of a
grammar or dictionary, to the exclusion of all useful knowledge,
that those parents who have run the scholastic gauntlet of a seven
pairs' drudgery themselves, are afraid to deprive their children of
:!se comforts and benefits which they derived from it ; or is it that
the children themselves, like Russian wives, are so much in love
with slavery and dogging, that they are unwilling to hive up such
'My impressive marks of the affection of their masters ? Of this
affaetion some precious instances have lately been brought before
the public : in one case, the blood drawn in above 40 places ; in
another, a child between seven and eight scourged to blood for not
pronouncing rightly the word " affectation !" (1 honor ! And Bri-
tons, whose blood thrills at the relation of Nett Indian slavery,
hear of such absurd, such atrocious cruelty with indifference; and
the perpetrator of so foul a deed is dismissed front the tribunal on
condition of paying the sur,„seon, and boasts of having had nearly
5,000 children committed to his care ! Punishment is really as for
reign to the business of a teacher as it is to that of the doctor or the
lawyer; as reasonable would it be in the former to flog his patients
or the latter his clients, as it is in schoolmasters to flog their pupils.
lit they teach, punishment is unnecessary ; but they order to Irian;
Hogging becomes a matter of necessity ; for an order implies the
power and the will to enforce the execution of it. here, then, is
the grand feature which distinguishes the Hamiltonian System
from all others; on this system alone the teacher says " allons,"
all the others say " sties." The difference between these two words
is sufficient to overturn the world, and may well account for the
effects ascribed to the Hamiltonian System, for the possibility of
,gdarantecing the progress of every individual pupil, of predicting a
gAcn proficiency in a given time, with the sante certainty as the
antral of a stage at a certain hour. To teach, on whatever mode,
is sufficient to operate wonders ; but here it is systematized ; it is
enabled to display its energies by analytical translation, repetition,
classification of the pupils, and beginning a language with the
words, and not with the lows by which they are combined. These
principles apply to every mind, whether cultivated or not ; to every
intellect, whether obtuse or acute; to every degree of previous ac-
quirement. But those who say Mr. Hamilton cures all diseases
with the aunt:remedy confound disease with health, and drugs with
wholesome food. Mr. Hamilton receives no pupil who does not
possess, or at least appear to possess', a sound mind in a sound
lsoly ; none who hare any other disease than partial ignorance; for
0.,it,11,4 remedy must always be the same, to teach. Once more
Mr. Hamilton entreats the attention of a British public to the evi.
&anise ofiers• of a proficiency in any given science hitherto un-
losers. and with an economy of time, of labour, and money, of
which the comma. pLin of schooling can furnish neither idea nor
example.

Mr. Ilantilton only waits a more distinct expression of the public
aoinfin as to his system to eauthltalt a Ilantiltottian School for
Youth, in which it is proposed to hare a separate room and sep..
este teacher for every eight pupils, in which every pupil will be
taught six hours a-day, on the plan of his private classes, all those
(Sint, which in after life we would rich to have learned, but for
the attainment uf which n whole life could be too short on they:out-
man plan, in which the instruction will be certain and the attain.
milt of vicious habits impossible, which shall combine all the ad.
vantages and obviate the inconveniences of public schools. Ile
trusts that the present winter will suffice for this purpose ; and
that, in March next, he will be able to offer to the public the pro.
spectus of such an establishment. Meantime he will be happy to
receive the advice of such gentlemen as are friendly to his elliorts,
relative to the location ? whether the establishment ought to be a
day or boarding school, or both ? the objects to he taught, the re-
muneration to be stipulated ? the mode of bringing the subject ',e-
lute 'h.: public, Ile.

With a view to crente the greatest possible number of witnesses
to its efficacy, to enable all but the wilfully blind to see its nature
and effects, Mr. Hamilton will endeavour to give his private and
Public chies fur adults the greatest extent in his power. His
putter for the classical languages, 31r. Underwood, will be
glumly in London. A son and daughter, born in France, wbo
woe Ins coadjutors in the I 'nited States for several years, have
VIM united thennelna with hint. Several more assistants areal
Welts have been engaged, for the modem as well as ancient lan.
Mewl. in order that the winter classes may begin with every pos.
bible advantage.
A Class of Ladies, for the French language, at 11. per section,
without emnutace, (useless ter those who are in earnest to
learn.) will meet on llonday, the 30th instant, at 26, Cecil-street,
at I o'clock.
A. Class ot Gentlemen. without guarantee, for the French Ism
page, will meet at 25, (7e 1-street. on Monday, the 30th inst. al
ttcht o'clock in the evening. Terms, 1/. per section of tett lessens,
payable in Menke.
And a like Vista, at the Paul's Head. Catostonotreet, as Teo&
day the 31st, se eight o'clock its the evening.
A Clue for the Latin language, on like terms, will meet ie
Ccal-alreet. on Irediesd• the :onto lost. at eight o'clock in the
, ry, . xcaleig.
A Privateness of Ladies, foe French, will meet Mime 31arumet
Hamilton, at No. "3, ('ail-street, Strand, on Wednesday, dm lest
November, at 12 o'clock precisely.
A Private Class of Ladies, for Italian, will be met by Mine
Hamilton, at the same place, un Thursday, the 2d November at
at 12 o'clock precisely.
Printe Classes fur the Latin, Greek, German, Spanish, Italian,
ied i'rencli, with 4-uarentre, continue to commence every Mond_aj,
e'l men three times a.orth, at 23, Cecil-street, Strand, Mr.
Ilaultitulfs sole establishment in London. Subscription 2/. lea. P= 'section. 31r. Hamilton wishes it to be understood that no spec-
tator is suffered at either public or private classes. The instruction
ts the same in both ; the guarantee offered the private classes, and
the facility of nieeting at almost all hours, anti of taking the sec-
tion at • ill, constitute the chief difference.
Private Claws, for all the languages, met in any pan of the
%Glen neighbourhood on the saute terms as in Cecil-street.
~ The Works hitherto published on the Hamiltonian System, with
!;all directions for their use, to be had of Messrs. Boosiy and Sur..
end. otr,tet ;of Mr. Souta, 73, St. Paul's Church-vans ;or of
tHrt Hanailton, 2.5, Cecil-strict, Strand, and at his Estiblishmenis
in Liverpool and I;lasguv.
heath Gospel of :St. John, containing the fullest instruc-
a. d.
t Notts for its use - -
- -
14to ditto, ditto
Greek ditto, ditto : : -
- - -
EPttontuw - - -
""riie NUM'. I r.'endesi, with the Latin Gram-
mar, for the second i.:.,! thud sections of the Latiu COCCI, I II
Lant Grammar
N._
_retell ditio - - - - .
-. 1 I
Minn ditto : : - - - . 2 •
- . -
114 ti lir. l'itt'vew.oll, Snub& llietrica, or an !tumble. 1
srurn le the CoeivositrA of Latin ilexaTeter and l'enta-
,, A Iceic and saptiliic Verse -..
--. 3 0
deft' '44l:ailing Inc whole of the EXRCiICS at length 2 0

- 4 0
- 4 6
- 7 6

CHEAP CABINET and UPHOLSTERY, at the
LONDON REPOSITORY FOR THE CABINET-
MAKERS' SOCIETY, being the only Real One now existing
in London, No. 71, Corner of Leadenhall.street, opposite Aldgate
Pump, and which has been established upwards of Six Years. For
Ready Money, and no Abatement.
The Trustees and Committee respectfully inform the Nobility
and Gentry, that they still conduct the above Establishment, for
the benefit of industrious and ingenious Mechanics (who have large
families), by offering their Manufactured Articles in the Cabinet
Line, of the best Workmanship, and Cheaper than by any House
in London, no other profit being required than to easisly the Ware.
house Rent and Saks; being satished with constant emplpyment
to enable them to support their families, the number of whom ap.
pear by the Books of the last Quarterly Meeting to be 148. Front
the great patronage the tinumittec have receives), they are in hopes
of increasing that number.
The following is a specimen of the Low Prices asked ; all Goods
warranted:—}'eve feet mahogany bedstead, four-post, pi. 16a.;
tent ditto, 11. 65.; bordered mattress to fit, 215.; mahogany drawers
with solid ends, 31. 35.; eight mahogany chairs, 61. Bs. ; mahogany
Pembroke table. U. Ills.; feather bed, free front dust and smell,
from U. 121. to 8/. Bs. ; drawing-room sofa, from U. rya. to 71. 7a. ;
ditto bedstead, 3!. Bs. ; mahogany Itorse.hair sofa, 61.105. upwards;
a quantity of paper hangings, for bed, dining, and drawing rooms,
at nearly half price. The Trade will find it worth their atten-
tion.

liouttes Furnished at a few days' notice, and Apartments in a
few hours. Goods packed and se.it to all parts or England free of
expense, except the matting. Old Furniture taken in exchange.
Appraisemcnts in Town and Country, and Estates valued.

COMMITTEE.
T. CORDER, J. WIENER, J. CARTEL
J. HASLER, J. LTNETT, W. WAOUOIIII.
W. TIICKNEL , Agent. J. 1 ASLER, Secretary.
