ME

.

INV ASlolv.

- -
711 Cork iTer. antilt Chrrqick, observing noon the
state of the Continental war, contains the folloring
judicisals observ,:tions :—" It it adventuring, pet.
haps, beyond the ordinary din? of a journalist, to
pass Iron; the contemplation of the immediate sub-
jet which the :lay provides for him, and to extend
his speculations to more distant objels—but even if
BON ArAiTe had lost the battle (as we see the pre-
sent state of Europe] the redemption of the Conti-
nent was not to follow as a natural result; nay, not
after a successful zampai:tn on the side of the Allies.
The military empire of France has had time to ad-
just and bottom itself considerably : it has just so
welch of the revolutionary energies remaining, as
will make the millions of that formidable country
rash to war, without halting to listen whether the
shout is " rice is Reprotrame," or " Vice 1 'Empi-
re:« ;" and there is a steadiness in the march of the
amSition ta France, which it is most wonderful
is not distinfily observed. To check this progress.
an ability in force, and an untamed energy and
spirit must some where or other exist; reaJy to ,
face her ambition without flinching ; to look it
boldly in the face ; and to tell it, that Franc* must
fight for ages, before she shall impose upon the na-
tions, yet independent, the fetters which her intolera-
ble and flagitious pretension to universal rule, has,
with an insulting estimate of success, prepared for
the rest of the world. If this force and this spirit be
necessary, they must resiJe somewhere—it is a moral
impossibility that they can be inherent in a coalition;
which,.as sse have over and over again repeoted,
has not in the recent history of the world ever
effefied any durable advantage, to the injury of a
single nation in arms. It is not in Russia, it is not
in Austria, the victim, the honorable and meritorious
victim, of miscalculated policy—it is not in Prussia
—it is in the British and Irish nations alone that
this essential force and spirit can And a place io stand
apon ; and no living man is stronger impressed
with his truth than BONAPARTt himself. The
coalition was a relief to him; it justified the post-
, pone:went of that undertaking, which the vanity
of the nation he governs exaded from his own va-
nity ; he could fall upon Continental Power: with
no other inconvenience than what he thinks little
about, and indeed what no mass in his situation can
afford to think much about. the waste of human
life ; but his Invasion—that he must undertake, and
1 that he will undertake, and. in that attempt, the am- '
' hition of France will find its grave. To chase
down the colossal strength of France in a battle or
in a campaign, is imprafticable. We cannot forget
the formidable but vicious abilities that first marked
sot the foundation lines of her present greatness ; we
cannot but see, that what talent had imagined, vio-
lence and force, disregarding all moral obstacles
whatsoever, have endeavoured to accomplish; and
all that talent, skill, and experience in evil, and
all that arms can do, will be employed with in-
cessant and untiring energy to maintain the enor-
mous acquisitions that France bas gained out of
the spoils of the rest of the world. The French
nation know that if BoaAAAAAe be beaten, mil-
-1 lions of themselves must perish—and their national
I prejudices, as well as that sense of interest that
most nations soon perceive without the tediousness
of demonstrated proof, are all on the side of the
existing order of things. To conceive that such
a power should yield at once, to a Confederacy;
which a it of spleen in one Court, money in ano-
ther, or better motives than either, in a third, may
have engendered—to imagine that such a power
could be beaten down from her height, by the mis-
cellaneous, discordant, and centrifugal powers,
combined in a confederacy, is indeed an expedation
which probably will never be found in the catalogue
of human occurrences. No, it is the Broish Eappire
that es Nig hid, and that will in the end heat down,
as sate as fate, the illegitimate greatness of France,
and reduce her to her former size. We are radi-
cally mistaken, if that cats be acconplished by the
tedious and circuitous operation of a Continental
war; but it may spring out of as invasion—and It
will spring out of an invasion.
" It is in that, that Bon AAAAA a's ambition will be
engulphed—it is is riot, that France will learn the
severe but useful lesson of moderation, and it is art
of that the British and Irish nations will tower In
the greatness and moral glory of redeeming them-
selves trom the menaces of slavery, and the enslaved
nations of Europe from the thraldom that now robs
and oppresses them."
