sCtIEMF.

Tim ;Pone Drawn Tidiest, a Prize valued at wont& of
10.000 r. being No. 44, in Skinner-nreet, occupied by Messes.
Neiman, u T11414111$ at Will.
fd a Jim., No. 13, in Skinner-street, on Leaso,at
rAf. psr Annum.
34 drawn, a ditto, No. 46, ditto, ant occupied.
4th duos, a ditto, Nu. 10, ditto, on Lease, 1451. pot
Annum. _

dniwo. a ditto, No. 5, ditto, on Lease, 1/151. per
AtWile
i.th drawn, a ditto, No. 18, ditto, notoecupied.
7,11 drawn, a ditto, No. 47, ditto, not occupied.
drawn, a ditto, No. 2, ditto, on Lease, lON. pew
Arnim.
9th drawn, a ditto, No. 27, ditto, on Lease, AN. pat
Aenuni.
Path drawn, a 'ditto, N 0.3, ditto, not occupied.
11.:t dawn, a ditto, No. it, ditto, not occupir.d.
11th draws, a ditto, No. I. Picket meet, lemple•bar, net
oeru:ded.
13th drawn, a ditto, No. 8, ditto, not occupied.
14th drawn, a ditto, No 9, ditto, not occupied.
15th drawn, a ditto, No I, ditto, nut oceolned.
Mite drawn, a ditto, No. d, ditto, not iieci.pied.
17:1 drawn, a ditto, No 6, Skinner-watt, en Lean, 1501.
Per %imam.
latli drawn, a ditto, No. 7, ditto, not occupied.
19th drawn, a ditto, Nu. 1, ditto, on Lasso, 15.11. per
Aarhus.
10th drawn, a ditto, No. 11, ditto, on Lease, 1201. 1,
per
21st drawn, a ditto, No 28, ai the Corner of Green Ar-
buto-court, in the 40.1 Nile,, ors Lease, 1:r51 per Annum.
2:4 drawn, a No. is, tiktuncr ►treet, on Lease,
191.3,. 14. per A minim.

I

VICTUALLING-OFFICE, MANCH 9i, 1407.
HE COMMISSIONERS for Vilfrallikg Hit
T Muiestv's Nava do hereby Rise Aatiee, flat o 4 TUES-
DAY, the 31st .thstaat, they owl be reads to remise Tenders
in it'eit,,,z (ye NI or), .tai treat J., THREE PIUN
DEED CHALDRONS of PITTS TANFIELD Iht
COALS, fiat pay, to k deltveree imbeediat,l7, be Too Mae.
Caesars free 01 aft charge ood auk, into Ilia Majeate's rave.
all Ase ireasies at Deutiard. wet to be par,l for by Refs, per
obte, via Interest, Mort', Dog Ater Date
The Go/phalli y flea Comeroei may be seem at the Seers-
tare'. Office.
No Regard welt k had to awe linear is &kith t e Prece
k inserted te, irbrds se .e.teth„ knot ~all wt be dalitered to
the Renal before use **Cork el the sold Toad ta, eke 31st but
kr owlets the Pena. oho wakes the Teßrie• ,re ,owe rer.oes his
belt di, any., 1,, SI re.lllll. Os.. ...tied for.

UNREDEEMED WATCHES.
THE universal comp Lint rna4e by purchasers,
with respre-t to Die funtormente of New Watches, lies
ladle:ad rho Advertiser to submit foe Salo. as assortment of
GENUINE UNREDEEMED aATCHEs; ow of them
made by silo most eminent maws us London. is Gold, Silver,
and Metal Cams. Intl% holiannt.l, domes, anu biturfieislrul
serried inowsmeats, which will be sold for reads maw, trout
ON to FAT 0011.01114 at No 413, btrasid.
A kir Lotto' golho-orrird Meow. se self.

THE GOVE RN M ENT STATE LOTT FRY
Motet Drawing the 14th of mrrr 107sITH, offering
to the runic • moat akointarsons Scheme, viz.
4
4 • lo,ouo
4 • 4,000
10
or. a.. lc.
And the pecttlias advantage of elms lust 3,000 Tickets being
entitled to ICA. sash, over and Above any other Prises that mar
be drawn maim& vs it Tickets and Shares are arlline at
CARTER'S, No. I, Charing•Cr.ias, rhe oldest 106 c i. 1, very
A4miatturer in the present Lnttery wr;l be presented situ a
New Lotter,/ Directory, or a Key tn the Capitals, I,y CAREER
only; . Gtatia) _ _

ES%RS. BRA NSCOAB and CO. Joint Cos-
-1111 tractors for the istetent Lottery, and Proprietors of the
Lucky Lottery Offices, Ne 11, Holborn, 97, Conthal, arid
ad, Haymarket, P.ccadilly, solicit en immediate att,mti.n of
the Pubic to the Scheme of the NEK LOTTERY, which
wil be found to contain an wises.' number of Capitol
Prizes ; arid the First drawn Tickers, en each of the First four
Days of Drawing, roust be entitled to 90,000). each • and the
Fint.drawn 3083 fick..ts will divide a b.inur of
.90,0001. over
al Tickets that are drawn sab.egnently : therefore an early
purchase is recommended by the above Pr.yrieters, who, in
the Lotteries for 120', and 1806, sold , in 267 differeat Shares,
the following Capita/s; namtly,
No. 11.3`10 aPras of 1,0001. No. 1'3,747 a Prised 10,0001.
17,471 1,0001. 4.:•6 20.0001.
24,699 1,0611. 9,119 20,0001.
16,801 2,40411 11,643 20,004.
17,915 2,0041. 7,686 20,4101.
4.077 • 5,0001 7,757 2140221.
11,271 5,8 rOl 12,719 25,0001.
With 16 Pries of 5001 and a great member of loot. Sill.
&c. &c. and where the pot 00,0601. and the last 25,0001. ever
sold,wrteshared. Schemes gratis ; and P4ses paid an demand.

14411 of APRIL,
GOVERNMENT STA TE-LUITERY BEGINS
DRAWISOI,
AND CONTAINS TWO HUNDRID AND FIFTY
THOUSAND POUNDS, IN STERLING MONEY.
/111 Its is the most extraordinary Scheme ever pro-
'. ditosd in the Ansa' of Lotteries. The unprecedented
nutuber of G 121113 Prises makes
Every Lottery Office .. Temple of Wealth ;
Every Adventurer a in Ills Road to Reeltes;
Every Ticket drawn 14th April will be a Prise;
Every Prue will be paid as soon as drawn.
SCHEME.
4 .... Prises of .... L 20,000 .. ate .. L. 50,000
4
4
1a
10
30
40
3.000
3,000 First.drawil 'Tickets 10 em.h

03,000 Ttekeu. L. 330,000
... • : .. - •• • • .
FIRST-DRAWN TICXET,
1.4 Day ~ , l.• 110,000
3.1 Day
3.1 Day OO,OOO
4th Day . 20,000
Day lO,OOO
6111 Day lO,OOO
TICKE I S and SHARES are SeVing at all the Old Etta.
blished Odic,. in England, Ireland, and Scotland.
'Pia FIRS r.imtAwN TICKET will receive TWENTY
THOUSAND POUNDS.
Ticket ........ 1...19 11 0
II Alf L lO 5 0 I Eighth t 2 12 0
Warier., 3 3 9 i Sixteenth

DR.GREGORY'S NEW CYCLOPEDIA, JUST COM.
PLE rso.

fR. PHILLIPS raspLitnly announces the re-
cent Completion :if Dr GRLGORY's NEW CYCLO-
pEDIA (thz only Modern Wo•lt .4 the kind) in two large
and magnißceitt Q la:to l'oloin:s, 'hesitated by One Hun-
dred an I Forty Eagrasings lbs: in hoards.lt i- doubtless uilitcstuod by the Public, that this Work con-
tains the present State of evely Branch of Knowledge, including
all recent Discoveries aid Improvements; and that, although
it is comprised in only Two Volumes, ishic:i are sold at •sixth
or eighth Part of the Expellee of other Cyclopedias ; yet, by
the rejection of extraneosi Subjects, not loorrly connected
with a Dictionary of Arts and Sciences, all uojects of useful or
probable Reference, and all important Facts and Principles,
are given as much at large min Works ten Times tho Bulk.
Either of the Twelve Parts may be had separately, at 9s.
and Persons disposed to take in a Part Weekly or Monthly,
mar be supplied regu'ar, by all Be,lesellers.
No. ft, Bridge-street, Blackriars, February 1411107.

LIBERAL EDUCATION.
Jun published, in two loge ♦olumes, °Brio, price Its. beards,
or in I 7 Numbers, to bu had by one or more at a time,
price Ia each ; each Number containing fitty-siit pages of
Letter-peace, and time whole einbellished with twenty.stx
usefkil and elegant Copper-plater,

T-
ACCOMPLISUED TITTOR ; or, Coita-
l', Vore System of Liberal kdecation, Wog an Introdwc.
Sinn to Sei•ntifical Knowledge and Genteel Accroopinhments
containing the most improved 'theory arid Practice a the fol-
lowing Subjscta English Diammsr and Elocution.-. Penman•
strip and Short-hued—Arithmetic, Vulgar and Deerand
Stock-holding and Merchant's Accoropts—Mensuration and
Arch deem e—Optics-- Algebra Doctrine of Annu dies—
Trirnoniett y —Lagar icography Astr 'twiny Me-
Chanter— El ecwlcity--Pneuniatics—Myilnistat IC4 Hy& antics
Engravin7,„ and Painting, and a variety of other
awful saner. Second Iditom, corrected.
By .THOMAS HUDSON.

To anemmate the various classes of individuals to whorls
the present Work will be highly aeceptable, would be to par-
ticularise almost every description of mankind. Thu scholar,
under the tuition of a master, would find hue labours greatly
abridged by a reference to such a Treatise. The mechanical
youth, and men of business, wid hod all thit is necessary to
qualify them for the shop and counting hoop,. Those who
have missed the advantages of a liberal education, may heir
supply that defeB, and the experienced scholar may find his
account trt reviewing the earher part of his education.
" This certainly is a awful and cheap Work; the modern
improvement& on each aukiect are introduced; and we have no
scruple in giving it our general reimintnautdation.--.Vide
much Critic. Nov. 1802.
Printed for H. D. Symonds, No. 20,
may be had, price Gs. in boards,
MENTObi ; or, The MORAL CONDUCTOR of
YOUTH front the ACADEMY to MANHOOD s a Work,
the Result of adiosl but painful Experience, candidly d,
and wetully adapted to tine level of ytmilit:olu..Alricandihg
To which Madded, as an incitement to the ,tudy of it in g..mo
youth, doling their hoiirs of ret xatmo from busing,, In
ESSAY on the extemaisc Utilety. Advantages, and Amuse-
ment of MATHEMATIC AL LLAIINiAG. By David Moe-

Mllett;

(PRICE SIXPE)ICE.

lllPLiadl, PARLIAMENT.

IicYJSE OF LOKUS—Morwt•, MARCH 23.

The Duke of Beaufort, Earls Orford, O'Neil.
and Lord Middleton, took the oaths, and their
seats.
The Royal Assent was given to the following
Bills: the British Sugar Drawback, the Mutiny,
and Royal Marine Regulation, the Bahama Salt,
Irish T,,baeeco Importation, and Paddington Ca-
nal Coal Bills, and six private ones. foe Com-
missioners were the Lord Ciancellor. Lords
Auckland and Walsingham.
In the further tearing of the Appeal, from the
Court of Session, in Scotland. Fordyce e. Corder,
Bart. the Lord Advocate was heard in behalf of the
Respondent. Further consideration was fused for
tomorrow.
The LORD CHANCELLOR intimated to their
Lordships, that the two Judges of the COUSI Of
Session, Who were summoned by the order of their
Lnrdsh ps, had arrived in town to attend the sercce
of the House.
SLAVE TRADE.
The Earl of Westmoreland presented a Pe-
tition from the West India Planters and Merchants,
against the measure of Abolitioe in general, and
against certain provisions and penal clauses at ite-
sated in the Amendments of the House of Com-
mons —Ordered to lie on the Table.
Lord GRENVILLE moved the Order of the
Day for taking into consider Acton the Amendments
(4 the Hnuse of Commons, in the till for the Abu.
' lition of the African Slave Trade.
When the Order was read,

, I

The Bishop of LANDAFF rote to address their
Lordships. He was induced to deliver his opinion
upon the measure, in consequence of cot haring had
the opportunity, in the discussion of the question is
its previous stairs. He differed from six Nubia
Baron who had proposed 't, as to the origin of
slavery. He would go farther and asert, that it was
in some cases justifiable, where it arose haul the
nature of society, and from voluntary COM pAa. We
had the authority cf Holy Writ to prove, that it was
co-existent with mortality, and that it was recognised
amongst the patriarclial governm-nts of the ante.
.diltivisn world. But tbourh he judged it neces-
sary to offer to the H. n,e those prelini.nary obier.
rations, it was far from his intention to reconcile
cue African Trade, vith either the feelings of hu-
trianiiy, or the dictate, of justice, much less the pre-
cepts of religion war different ~ere the intizes.
sloes of` his mitt! ; when he spoke of that Tra .e, he
spoke of st*ottiin "It there be a God (said the
vegetable and Learned Prtlate). of whose existence I
run sonviseed, altblogh Impossible tar hurioar.ity
lid perceive as catstretthed arrn, the great ad of
legislative wisdom, v.hich prohibits the euntiouance
of this dettstahle traffic, will be remembered in
the hour of eilimity an ' distress. It
will avert the rod of divine chastisement, or miti.

gate the severity of its infliCtion. I:s beneficial ef-
frets no human eye could forsee, but as they will
spring from the root of un.tissembled piety and
humanity, the result may be supposed to be advan-
tageous." He concluded by paying a sincere tribute
to the perseverance and human,' exertions of the
philanthropic individual (Mr. Wilberfcrcej, who
had been most aCtive in turw•arding thi, great ai
If charity and wisdom, and whose best recompence
was in the consciousness of his own heart, and the
purity of his feelings.

The Earl of WESTMORELAND rose to state
his objettions, not only to the amendments made by
the Commons, but to the principle and expediency of
the general measure. The preamble of the Bill
had undergone s ime alterative in the other Heinse,
but he still c..ntended, the obnoxious principle was
preserved. It was, perhaps, an unprecedented case,
that a bill was proposed by the head of His Ma-
jesty's Government, and supported by the Secretary
of Foreign Atiairs, which went adually to create
mutiny and disaffetlion amongst the unfortunate
Slaves in our West India Colonies. It was a sin-
gular position, to ar:ack and libel the expediency of
a traffic, at the same time that the tsbjedts of that
unjust and inexpedient trade, as it was called, were
continued in the state of slavery in which they had
been so inhumanly placed. All the elms oco end
affetted humanity of the Abolitionists could not re•
concede this singular but dangerous erinciple. In
his Judgment, such a repeal of the laws which our
wise ancestors had passed for the support of our Co-
lonies, and the security and importance of the pa-
rent state, was wanton and unnecessary ; uncalled
for by the objetts whom it presumed to redress ; and
most sanguinary in its consequences and results.
He had heard much of the unjust and irreligious
tendency of this trade, but he was certain he could
prove, from the language even of Scripture, that it
was pratlised by that people more immediately
under the protedtion of Providence ; and that it is
not prohibited by say injimaion of the Christie*
faith. The Noble LAI I took an extensive v,ew of
the subjetl, and advent 1 to dose delusive feelings
of morality and josti:e, on wt izh the advocates of
this measure founded their opinion. :tome !emceed
as the disciples of Calvin and Whitfield—others
from Prie.tly and Paine—and not a lex grounded
their ohjdfions to thus traffic, en the speettia, ive and
wild Glides of RdUISCAU, Condor Get, and Ahbe
Gre-
goire. He could not conclude, is ithout iraF.resting
upon the . use, that his objedions arose ttom a
long and profound examination. To its decsicts
lie should bow; anal he was confident the West India
Colonies would prove, by their condua and demea-
nour, in adopting the policy of the legislatute, that
upon a future occasion they would be entitled to the
countenance and support of Parliament ; if. m the
course of events, they conceived it necessary to snake
an appitcai n.
The Illarqius of SLIGO spoke a few words. .ia a (

i
