...

• •

y
, _;,
Vr, V --•"

DRURT-LANE, 7'IIPATRE.
This Evening. SATURDAY. War 14. will be performed
DEB rnEISCIII; l'Z.
Damper. Mr. Horn: Ado Oh. Mr. .Cnte: Bern hard, Mr. Bedford:
Hermit, Mr. Sheriff: Kilian, HT. 1"". 4;nid.
don; nose, Miu l'ovey.
After which • new Pastoral Ballet, called
THE IIUSSIONOL ;
Or. TUE BIRD IN THE BUSH.
D. Prinmpal Characters by Mr. and Airs. Noble, dte.
To eonclude with MONSIEUR TONS N.
To Xing. Mr. Browne; Monsieur Ilorbleu, Mr. Gatti..
On Monday, Faustus, and Simpson and Co.

COVE NT-GA It 1.)IN E .47'11 r.
Thas Etvnlng, BATURTHE IDAY. May 14, will be performed
IRON CHEST.
Sir Edward Mortimer. Mr. Young: V 1 Word. Mr. Cooper; Adam
Whiterton, Mr. Fawcett; Samson Itawbuld. Mr. Keeley. Helen.
Wet Foote; Barbara, Mee M. Tree.
After which,
LOFTY PROJrCTSe
Ver; Or,satißle. MnYstes,
ATS IN AN ATTIC.
Mr. Valentin
To conclude with ANIMAL MAONEI
ISM.
Marquis de Laney, Sir. Cooper; Doctor, Mr. W. Ferree; La Fleur, Mr.
Fawcett. Lisette. Mrs. Glbbr.
I(AYMARKKT THEATRE:.
This Evening. SA rITRD AV, Mae 14. will be performed
DOG DAYS IN BOND STREET.
Mr. Tresylian, Mr. Williams; Fred•ffieJt Fleshly, Mr. Vining: Aar.
nab, Buz. Mr. J. Russel: • Squeezecrab, Mr. Wilkinson; Dick Dimity,
Mr. W. West. Rosamond, Mrs. Davison.
After which,
TRIFICLATION ; or, UNWELCOME VISITORS.
Tlaa Principal Characters by Messrs. Dowton, and Raymond;
Mesdames Davison and Oliver.
To conclude with
THE AGREEABLE SURPRISE.
Lingo, Mr. J. Russell; Cowslip, Mrr. Ilumby.
On Monday, The Merry Wives of Windsor, Intrigue, and Tekell.

Tiote

The Bairttii PRESS commenced publishing yesterday mowing
at live o'clock.

LONDON, SATURDAY. MAY 14, 182 S.

The Paris Papers of Wednesday arrived last night.
The consideration of the items of the Budget of 1826 was '
continued in the Chamber of Deputies. Among those
which were discussed on Tuesday was the charge of the
Department of Ecclesiastical Affairs and Public Instruc-
tion. The whole sum required was 52 millions of
francs. On bringing forward this article of the Budget,
the Bishop of HEalioMOM.ta addressed the Chamber, in a
long speech, on the excellence of Christianity in com-
parison with all other religions that have prevailed in the
world. "Without Christianity," said his Excellency,
1" there can be no true liberty. When mankind was

immersed in the darkness of Paganism, there were no

institutions for the protection of the human race. Their
common condition was slavery, and freedom was the lot

of but a few.

. I am not aware that any ancient pagan

legislator ever conceived the design of allying the liberty of
all with the happiness of all. To Christianity alone be-
longs the glory of baying given at the same time more
stability to the government and more freedom to the
people." From these considerations his Excellency de-
duced the necessity of giving the Catholic Church in '
France more support than it at present receives from the
State. He calculated that 50,000 ministers were requisite
to disseminate the Word of God, whereas there are but
35,000, most of whom are aged and infirm. Instead of
40,000 churches, which would be hardly sufficient for the
Catholic population, there were only 29,000, of which
number about 4,000 were vacant. After a few observa-
tions from several Deputies, in approbation of the senti-
ments expressed by the Bishop of Memo Potts, the
Ecclesiastical Budget was agreed to.
The news from Greece in these Papers is very contra-
dictory, and would of itself be entitled to very little credit.
By an official despatch, however, which we publish in
another column, it will be seen that the Egyptian troops
landed at Motion have certainly been defeated in a san-
guinary engagement near Navarin, on the 27th of March.
3,000 were killed or made prisoners. There is evidently
no foundation fur the report that Patras has been relieved.
The ti toile speaks of the increasing importance of the
trade with Egypt, and announces the formation of a Joint
Stock Company for carrying on the commercial intercourse
between France and that. country.
[From the 3foniteur of Wednesday.—Non-official Part.l
Paws. MAY 10.
ST. CLOUD, MAY 10.—This evening there was a grand dinner
in the King's apartments. Their Royal Highnesses Prince Maxi.
milian of Sixon7, the Princess Amelia his daughter, and the
Prince Royal of Saxony, dined with his Majesty.
On Thursday the King will come to Paris to preside in the Coun.
cis of Ministers. to receive the Foreign Ministers, and the Duke of
Northumberland, Ambassador Extraordinary from his Britannic
Majesty.
[From the Etuik, dated Timidly.]
PARIS, MAT 11.
The President of the Board of Trade said last Saturday, in the
sitting of the Chamber of Deputies, " New roads are opened to us
to countries which are destined for a long time to come to exchange
productions which we want for the productions of our arts ; suc-
cessful trials have already been made by our merchants; let us
leave to their activity the care of carrying Mena farther, and to the
wisdom of the King to protect and encourage their enterprises."
These words were hardly uttered when they were confirmed by a
very remarkable fact. One of the principal conitnercial houses in
Paris explained in a Prospectus. which has just been communicated
to us, the great advantages which France must in future derive
from its intercourse with Egypt, the importance of which is con-
siderably increased since that province of the Ottoman empire is
placed under the authority of the nacho who now governs it. This
increased importance is especially owing to the cultivation of '
cotton (long wool), which, though but just introduced into that
country. already prospers to such a degree that the finest American
cottons can scarcely compete with that with which we are now sup.
plied by Egypt. These advantages seem to us to be fully proved
by the writing which we have before us ; the object of it is to pro-
pose the formation at Paris of a Joint-stock Society, to be called
ele Egyptian Company, specially .destined to carry on the cool.
metre of France with that country.
Our monied men and manufacturers will doubtless be eager to
take part in an enterprise which must extend our commerce, by
giving greater prosperity to our manufactures; and for these
' reasons we consider it as one of those attempts which merit en.
eouragement.
FRENCH Fuslns.—Panis, MAT 11.—Five per Cents. lalf.
' 70z. Neapolitan, 91f. 10e. Spanish Bonds, 18f. (For the end of
the month.) Five per Cents. 10If. 85c. Three per Cents. 75f. 10e.
'Si. (The latest price of this Stock is not quoted.)—Eroile.

The internal condition of Spain appears, if possible, to
be growing worse since the retirement of the French army.
The Priests are working upon the furious bigotry of the
besotted populace, and frtsh persecutions are undertaken
against all those who arc suspected of being friendly to Con-
stitutional views. The great object with the clergy is to ef-
fect the restoration of the Inquisition, the fittest instrument
for maintaining and consolidating their power. With that
design they Are now straining every nerve to raise a spirit
of discontent and insurrection, in order to demonstrate the
insufficiency of the existing authority for the suppression of
the Constitutionalists. The Courrier Francais has an-
nounced the first step towards the accomplishment of this
purpose, by the establishment of an Apostolic Junta at Bar-
celona, composed of three Dominican Friars, for the in-
vestigation and canonical punishment of all offences for-
merly cognisable by the Holy Office. The following
picture of Spain, copied from a German Paper received
yesterday, is, we fear, not liable to the charge of ex-
aggeration :
In Catalonia there are again many indications of dangerous in-
trigues, especially in the mountains, where the violent party has
many adherents, and where it now indulges its passions *about
restraint, since the departure of the French garrison from Cardona,
which kept all that country in cheek. As long, howerer, as a
considerable French garrison remains in Barcelona, there can be tie
rest Mterruption so tranquillity in Catalonia, as the Governor will
of course organise moveable columns to restore order, to which he
is said to be authorised in case of need. In Arragon there are
fresh symptoms of fermentation ; and apprehensions are still en.
tertained for that province. In general the internal situation of
Spain is very critical. The Apostolit Junta must have given its
agents new instructions to work on the loser orders, for they again
preach against the traitors who desire a representative Government.,
two Chambers, and a general amnesty ; all which, it is added, are
' devilish plans, which can be kept down only by restoring the Holy
Some misapprehension has taken place, we believe,
with respect to the last statement we published of the
terms of the forthcoming Spanish Loan. Wheu we said
