HOUSE OF COMMONS, WEDNESDAY, ATUIL 12.

The Speaker took the Chair at three o'clock, and the House was
occupied till half-past four in balloting for the Committee on the
Right of Election for the borough of Huntingdon.
The Members of the Committee were the following:—
Mr. Lascelles Mr. E. S. Cooper Al r. W. Egerton
Sir Jas. Alontgotnery Mr. J. Lyndsay Mr. G. M. Grant
Mr. J. Bent Mr. J. Mummer Sir Hugh Innes
Lord Elgin Sir J. Beresford Lord J. Russell
Mr. Ilorace Twisa 'Sir C. Hulse Mr. J. L. Foster

THE LIVERPOOL AND BIRMINGHAM CANAL BILL.
Mr. LITTLETON presented a petition from a person named
Bercher, in favour of this Bill.
After some discussion, in which Mr. Littleton, Lord Clive, Mr.
Calcraft, and Sir John Wrottesley took part, the second reading of
this Bill was postponed to Friday next.
ABOLITION OF NEGRO SLAVERY.
Mr. ASH URST presented a petition from Henley on Thames,
for the abolition of slavery.
Similar petitions were presented by Lord Stanley, from a place
'in Lancashire; by Col. Bagwell, from Clonmel ; and by Sir W.
Guise, from a place In Gloucestershire.
Col. BAGWELL presented a petition from the baronies of Con-
don and Clongibbons, in Cork, praying for the abolition of Roman
Catholic slivery in Ireland.
IRISH AND SCOTCH CURRENCY.
Mr. CUM MING presented a petition from Fortrose against any
alteration in the currency of Scotland.
Sir F. BURDETT presented similar petitions from Inverary,
Rotheay, and Campbeltown.
Petitions were also presented by Col. Bagwell, from Kilkenny,
and by Mr. Spring Rice, from two parishes in Limerick, against
any alteration in the circulation of Ireland.
A petition was presented from Drogheda, in favour of the Liver-
pool and Manchester Rail-way.
Mr. R. H. DAVIS presented a petition from the Chamber of
Commerce in Bristol against the Usury 1411 M
Mr. J. SMITH gave notice that he would present, on Friday
next, a petition from the Roman Catholics of Ireland.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL gate notice that on Tuesday,
the 4th May, he would bring forward a Bill calculated to give
effect to the recommendations of the Commissioners in the Court

of Chancery.
ADMINISTRATION OF' JUSTICE IN IRELAND.
Mr. S. RICE moved for leave to bring in a Bill to improve the
Administration of Justice in Ireland, by facilitating the holding of
Petty Sessions.
Sir H. PARNELL approved of the Object of the Bill; he la-
mented the imperfect condition of the Irish Magistracy, and said,
that however it might be dreaded as a general measure, he thought
that the occasional adoption of a paid Magistracy would be highly
beneficial. if his Majesty's Ministers did not bring forward some
measure to supply the defects in the Irish system of Magistracy,
he would do so himself on an early occasion.
Mr. HOULBIJRN vindicated the character of the Irish Magis-
trates. Ile feared that the lion. Baronet, in his zeal to render per-
fect a system which in Its nature was not exempt from fallibility,
would completely overlay it, and rather impede than assist the ad-
ministration of justice.
The Report on the Assessed Taxes Composition Act wan as
celved, and the Resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. BERRIES brought in a Bill to prevent illicit distillation
In Sootland, which was read a first time.
CLERKSHIP ENROLMENT BILL.
_ _

On the motion of Mr. BERRIES, the Clerkship Enrolment
Bill was read ■ first time.
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and the
Haulm adjourned at half-past ail o'clock.

RIO JANEIRO PAPERS.

[From the maro Pluminenee, Jan. 28.]
His Majesty has been pleased to appoint the Viscount de
Baependy, Councillor of State, to be Minister of Finance and
President of the Treasury.
Llis Majesty has been pleased to accept the resignation of
Senhor Sebastian Luis Finoce da Silva, who requested leave to
retire from the office of Minister of Justice, on account of his
advanced age and ill health. The Viscount de Caravans*, Coun-
cillor of State, is appointed Minister of Justice.
JANUARY 31.

PROCLAMATION.
" Pluminenses,f—My wish to be acquainted (if possible) with
all my subjects, and 'that they should personally know me; my
conviction that the dissontions which have taken place in some pro.
vinces (as experience has shown me in the two wh:lt I have seen)
have arisen from my not being acquainted with their wants, so as
immediately to provide for them ; anti, lastly, my word given to
the inhabitants of the province of Bahia, -that as aeon as the
independence of the empire should be recognised, I would ho.
nour that province with my presence, require that I showld fulfil
my impede' word by going to that province; which I shell do on
tbelld of February, to thank them for their efforts in expelling the
I.4usitabiens.
" I ken with you toy son and my three young daughters.
My Ministers of State are empowered to transact the usual busi.
pas, and to act on any extraordinary °cation, *hick may God
tout. • -
" Oa the 21st of Match, I shall leave the province of Bahia,
in order t(2_ arrive herein tine arrto open our Legislative Asaembip,
*Tin lahabltanto of the province sit Mods Jock°.

•• Tii:!-0 •
