NORTHUMRI?RLAND ELECTION.

AloareTß, Juxr 13.
A County Meeting was held at Morpettl, this day. pursuant to
advertisement, for the purpose of nominating the f;atitlidates for
the County of Northumberland at the ensuing Election. It is im.
possible to describe the extreme bustle and ctnfusion which Per-
vaded the town from an early hour in the morning. The bands of
the different Candidates played round the ',tracts from eight o'clock.
About ten o'clock, Lord Howick, accompanied by several flentle-
men, was drawn in, preceded by a band of music, and an immense
profusion of banners bearing various irecriptions. The envalcade
proceeded about two miles out of town, and an its way was joined
by great numbers of friends on horseback, anti in earnagee. After
waiting a short time, the train of carriages accompanying Lord
Howick drove up, anti the horsee being taken from the open car-
riage in which were hord llowtck, Mr. Lambton, the lion. Oen.
Grey, and the lion. Charles they, and ropes being applied, it was
drawn by the populace, amidst loud cheers, cowards al orpeth. At
its entrance into alorpeth, the cays'eade erended at least half a
mile in length. t M its reaching Lord Howick's Committee-room,
it stopped, and the multitude loudly cheered his Lordship as he
descended from his carriage. Mr. Bell was accompanied by seve-
ral friends in other carriages, and, afar being drawn round the
market-place, amidst the cheers of the population, lie alighted utile
Cornmittee•room. tile. Beaumont, with a train of eight or nine
carriages. containing hie friends and agents, soon after entered in
similar manner ; he also was drawn round the market before he
alighted at his Committee-room. The Hon. Mr. Liddell entered
the town last in an imposing manner, being preceded by numerous
(gentlemen on horseback, and aecotnpanied by several carrisges.
His reception, particularly from the females, who appeared at the
windows of the houses, waving his favours, was extremely flatter-
ing. About twelee o'clock, the Candidates and their friends ar-
rived at the hustings, when the /scene became most splendid; the
crowds of banners and the various binds forming a tumultuous
grandeur not to be described.
MATTHEW CLAYTON, Esq. in the absence of the niKh sheriff.,
who was indisposed, then opened the business of the Meeting, by
reading the requisition.
Jossru Lana, E.q. (of Lemington Hall) proposed the late
Member for the county, T. W. fleaumor, Esq. which was se-
' eantled_!y T. R. flatson,.Esa.
T. W. RICATAMONT, Egg. then presented himself. Re
condemned the present Meeting. He could not but consider
it as most uncalled for and abets d. Nor would he have detained
them one mnment to reni:trk upon it, did he not believe that his
enemies were playing some unfair game behind the Curtain—that
they had some secret and malicious end to serve—if they had not,
why call such a Meeting ? Was it not that they intended to make
known some private transaction.. which they hoped would cum
the freeholders to break the pledgee of support they had already
given to him. But he was there to answer, if any man dared to ad-
vance any thing against the km-our, either public or trivate.
Mr. LAKIITON immediately rose, and was proceeding to addrese
the meeting, when he was amaile I w ittf delfening clivriour from Mr.
Beaumont's friends: tile. Lambton perceiving this, said, " It
Mr. Beaumont's frieods wished him ( Mr. to state hi. objection*
to that gentleman, he would ;do so then ; if not he would wait till
alcrwar is." The nose still continuing, Mr. Lambton did not
persevere, and

air C.LOHAwn proceeded to nominate Mr. Bell. He said--
Gentlemen, you hare once appointed Mr. Bell guardian or
your interests, but the trial he bas had hut been too shore to enable
those who are un..equainted with him to form a just estimate of his
merits. But I cal assure you, gettlemen, that the longer }on
know him, and the more you confide in him, the better you will
like him. As we shall soon meet on the hustings at Alnwick, I will
not trouble you further at present than to nominate Mathew Bell,
Esq. as a tit person to rei.re eat this county in Parliament.—
(Cheer!.

C. ii.CLAVE alma, Esq. seconded the nomination.
M. BELL, Esq. felt the wmost gratitude to the freeholders pre-
sent. He thanked them fur their attendance on the present occa-
sion. A great deal had been said or his being as old-fashioned
Tory. lie gloried in the name—he was proud of being ranked
with those who had. in the hour of danger, when the country was
threatened with revolution, stemmed the torrent of distress, and
brought the country to a state of the most enviable prosperity. He
loved his Sovereign—he would support the measures of Ministers
as far as they agreed with his conscience ; but he never would be-
come the blind tool of any party. lie hal no advantage to hope
for—no frionds to serve ; and he was determined to secure their in-
dependence, at the same time that he maintained his own. It was
almost unnecessary for him to state his opinions at large to them
again ; they had Maid them before, and to that statement he we
determined to adhere. lie was a decided enemy to slavery of every
description. On the question of Catholic emancipation he Intuit he
allowed to say, that in a Protestant country he could not grant that
the offices of state should be filled by others than Protestants. He
knew that by the open declaration of his opinions and feelings lie
had set in array against him all the Catholic freeholders; but he
did not fear them—he threw himself and his cause into the hands
of his Protestant brethren ; and he had the utmost confidence hi
the result. Mr. Mil denied that any desire to erialmee with any
one existed on his part. He also declared that he did not enter-
tain the alighte,t feeling of hostility towards any of the other
Candidates.

Sir M. W. RlDLLY—Gentlemen—Connected as I am with the
prosperity of your county, feeling as I do the deepest interest in
every thing that can best promote its welfare and happiness, I
think I cannot take any step more likely to lead to so great an ob.
jest than by recommending Lord Howick to you for your !topic-
tentative its Parliament. lie has not yet been tried in public life.
but he has that within him which will prove him a worthy scion of
the stock from whieh he springs ; and if we require a pledge that
he will be a faithful Representative. we have only to look for it to
the example set him by his Noble Sire. (Chars.) If we require
an individual who will support the true principles of civil and relit
gious liberty, the best ri..(hts of the people lq the worst of times s
if we want a man who will subject himself to the loss of power
and place, who will disregard the alluretnents and patronage or
office fur the purpose of fulfilling the important duties of a great
and enlightened statesman, where can we look better than to the
boa of Charles Grey ? Where can we look foe one who will con-
scientiously discharge his duties by an indefatigable consideration
of every thing that an be brought before the British Legislature
than to the son of Lord Grey ? (Cheers.) My Noble Friend seeks
not the empty honour of being an idle Representative, but to be a
useful and honest Member of that Parliament in which the county
of Northumberland ought to hare so great and powerful a Voice.
[ therefore, convinced that my Noble Friend_ will do credit to the
county, and that he will act in a manner consistent with the prin.
ciples inherent its him, beg to propose bard Huwick WI a future
Representative of this county in Parliament. (Applause, and
cries of " Howick for ever.")
Sl'. ()An, Esq. M.P., seconded the nomination of
Lord Bowies, who immediately afterwards rose, and was
warmly greeted. His Lordship spoke nearly to die following
effect:—Mr. Sheriff and Gentlemen: In offering myself to your
notice, alto* RC, in the first place. to make a few remarks on what
Mr. moment has said with regard to the uselessness of the pre.
sent Meeting, as it was my friends who were the first to sign the
Requisition presented to the Sheriff: Mn Beaumont has told you it
is an attempt to induce the Freeholders to break the promieen, they
have given. (Mr. Beaumont—" No.") Gentlemen, I say it is no
such thing, and I would ask Mr. Beaumont how it can be an at.
tempt to induce the Freeholder to break their promises, unless he
thinks we could enter into statements that would instantly make
every Fre6hulder withdraw his support from him. Ido not say
whether Mr. Beaumont has any good reason to be afraid of what
might be said against him, but I say you have just cause of suspi.
clan in his reluctance to meet the Freeholders of Northumberland
In the otien face of day. Mr. Beaumont says there is some deep
and malicious end concealed under the Requisition for calling this
Meeting ; but, I ask, what Call there be that is bad, when every
thing is fair and above board—when I come openly and fairly be.
fore you to state my pretensions ? (Cheers.) In such conduct I
can see no means of concealing a deep and malicious end. A
County Meeting, previous to a contested Election, has been the
eastorn in the best times of the English Constitution—this prece.
dent has been set on two former oceasions in Northumberland. It
is, I suppose, because Mr. Beaumont thinks this an absurd and
foolish Meeefing that he has thought fit to repeat before Me that
charge which hit friends and adherents. in advertisements and elec.
tioneering squibs, have not ceased to din in our ears. But, gentle.
men, though lie has not made this charge before me, it has so
often been repeated, that I must take this opportunity of answering
It, and if I am guilty of any mistake Itr. B. has the power of
correcting me. It has been said my coming forward is an attempt
to turn out a particular person, against whom nu just mimic of
blame can be urged. Gentlemen, as I have been nu often pressed
on the subject, I will say that I do consider Mr. Beaumont an im.
proper person to represent this county in Parliament, oral I ground
this opinion not only upon his public conduct, but also upon his
conduct in private life. Let us look at the history of 3lr. B.'s life.
He enters Parliament as e. supporter of Ministers. (Here there
was a tremendous uproar raised by the friends of Mr. Beaumont in
front of the hustings.) When silence was restored, his Lordship
Raid," If the Shenfi' will permit that conspicuous knot in that cur.
nor to disturb the proceedings of the meeting, I hied better at once
be silent." Qaiet having been restored, his Lordship said, " 1
will now resume. Let us look at the history of Mr. Bearrimat's
public life. He eaters Parliament the President of a Pitt Club
and a determined supporter of Ministers. in a short time he
changes, and becomes, what he called himself, independent of all
parties, but generally voting with the Opposition. Then he pro-
ceeds a step further, and writes a Jitter, which can ire Produced
before you, to .me of the leading Whig,. saying that he was de-
termined
sthaattentiot
wttihiecitrinnliet
mtaosret
: is
disposed to give his confidence. (Shouts of " hear, hear.") In con.
erritetivciaine:ln ttoheuvitell
ighiemaserelftlttoataCtaPra7ti;
sequence of certain occurrences, to which I need not here more par- I
tieulasly 'Bode. Mr. Reanniont, for two years and a half, or nearly
three ytane„ totally absents himself from his psrliantcntary duties.
During that long time he left you a i'hout the services of one of
your representative",
and then he again conies into public life, and
commences hit career by a violent attack on Mut party to which he
had before given his confidence; lie attack.; all the gentlemen of
Northumberland, and he calls them " a base aristocracy," whom
he intends to trample befteetit his chariot wheels. Were was
nettle a disturbance raised by the friend's of Mr. Beauniont.
After it wounded, lent Howiek resumed.) Gentlemen, a
person may change his politica opinions from motives of
an honourable and conseientioas nature; but I moat ever
took with auepicion upon the conduct of that trout where changes
have beea pi sudden, an frectssent, and so violent. (uneetotg,
mingled with diraporobation.) Kul, gentlemen, it as rot only on ace
eient of hie pulls oonduct that I thick Mr. IleauThant sn unfit
' person to represent this county. 11e. Beaumont and MI adhetente
