PRICES 07 BRITISH
IGO Stock MI 3
3 pet Cott Banned, fin
3 pa Onst. Coosa&
per Cont. VW
/1
4 140 ISI
S i
IW Wit. Conts.o6l I i I
Lang Annuities, ft 1 IS
briscriol 3 prr Conti.
Ink fir Account
Camels for Acct. 3111

PRICES OF FOREIGN
.N.:llertp, 5 f pt.
Diaahniiiitegie
wan
FeAtemork
1R
N' 94
NW* 1.
Dim*. Aminshatis.
rine Ern i
BsedleAlla, 811
Astesst,
Isses, 894 9 9
=Limr Atm.
Aloft Boa,

TOCILS YISTEZDA Y.
India Stock, San
India Bonds, SS pr.
India for Account,
South teas Stack, len
South SOS Old Annuities
South his New Annuities
MOIL N SS lib pr.
Ditto, 5001.0 i N 66 pr.
Ditto, Small, BS pi.
Loony TiCillION 191.

STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Spanish 6 pat Ct. GUN. 964 i
1 8 41
Ditto for Acct. 98 113
Ditto 179 a 235 Benda,
Ditto 86 Bonds.
Spanish I par C034.(1021) 17
17
Ditto for Account.
Ditto 1961. IL Bonds,
=Bono OM),
at like% 81 7 1 01 91 81
8 9 81 pc.
Dutch Roods, 41 pet Cant. 93
Ditto Buchan*, 12
pr. Rinses 911. 7k.
Do. Ex. 261'. bk.
Do. Scup, ki I a 11~

MAILS.
Amuvign—.l Flanders mad 1 French. Dos--3 Hanabtugh.

Eke Nritto4

I.

n. Smuts,' Puss
ing at live o' anuniencedclock. publishing yestesdsy awn-

..LONDON, FRIDAY, JANUAIIIT 9, 1924.

The Mositestrof Tooday, hi its non-official pat, statei,
under dam from Vienna, the 23th of December, that a
mead understanding between Russia and the Porte again
real's, effected through the Austrian Internmacio„who
succeeded in making the Reis- Effendi most comfortable on
the subject of the Russian hcirdas stationed in Podolia
Vorhynia, and the neighbouring provinces; and that
a part of these mercenaries who were cartooned in
Bileurabia, the province which adjoins Turkish Mol-
davia, having been withdrawn to more distant can-
moments from the Turkish frontiers, the Divan; it
adds, "became doubly satistlitl. The result of all was,
that through the disinterested negotiations of Baron
Ottenfels, the Austrian Intcrnuncio, harmony was in
prospect again; and the provincts of il'allachia and Afol-
davit, it was expected, would be evacuated by the turkish
bends. This consummation, however, we very much
doubt: Turkey is row in anything but good temper with
her Greek subjects. and little inclined to make any con-
cessions to Ramis, whom she esteems the author of the
retolt. ln proportion as the designs of Austria herself are
1
growing stronger on these provinces, this power is over-
rating her part Of apparent disinterestedness, and affecting
only to be anxious that her confederate (Russia) and
Turkey should be on terms of amity. The destiny of the
laud' power is, however, drawing fast to its close.; and we
may now venture to assert that the independence of Greece
is ultimately assured. The third campaign of this bar-
barous statocracy has been full of disaster and disgrace,
while the efforts of the Greeks Lace been worthy of the
proudest period of their history.

The Barbary States are again renewing their outrages.
Nothing but extermination will quiet these pirates. Frank-
fort papers to the iM instant re ached us yesterday ; they
contain an article from Leghorn, where the report was
current, that the British Consul at Tunis had been grossly
insulted—nay, even assassinated. If so, we trust the most
uignal vengeance will be dealt on these barbel lane. It ap-
pears that an English vessel, unstated, having on board
eighty Creek passengers, and an its way to ;Talta from the
Islands, was met at gee by a Tunisian frigate, and a de-
mand made by the Corsair, that the Greeks should be
given up. The English Captain, of course, refused ; on
w!:ich the Pirate manned a boat, and sent his armed cut-
throats on board, who took away the Greeks by force.
The English Captain, on the perpetration of this audacious
outrage, returned immediately to Malta, where he stated
the occurrence. A swift-sailing vessel was instantly dis-
patched to Tunis, to demand the release of the Greeks.
The answer. however, made by the Be y's Ministers was,
that the captives were subjects of the Porte, and were only
to be considered as rebels, and that they would not be given
up, having already undergone their fate.—The British
Consul, it is relied, interested himself warmly in the affair,
and fell (it is feared) in consequence, under the poniards
of these barbarians. If this abominable outrage has been
perpetrated, we hope inset reprisals will be dealt on
Tunis, and a squadron sent there for the purpose of bom-
barding the place, and destroying the marine of these
barbarians. We thought Lord Exmouth's attack on
Algiers, in 1816, was not yet forgotten on this coast, and
would have insured respect at list to our flag. Tunis
stands on the western side of a shallow lake, which is en-
tered
from the part or bay of Colette, by a narrow passage, Ii
between the south point of Cape Carthage and the opposite
cape. The city is about five milts in circumference, with
a population of upwards of 60,000. The harbour is de-
fended by a castle, badly fortified, and the fortress of
Galena en the side of the canal. The city may be reduced
to great distress, for the supply of water is outside the
walls, at more than a mile's distance. The Tunisians
were generally supposed to be the most peaceful and
industrious among the Barbary regencies. Considerable
Manufactures in linen and woollen goods prevailed there,
for the isle of which there is yet a piazza of great extent,
near the centre of the city, which contained formerly, it is
said, near three thousand shops. The English, French,
Dutch, and others, lefre European Consuls at Tunis, who
in general Were treated with deference and attention. The
enuntry of Tunis extends about two hundred miles from
north to south, and one hundred and twenty from east to
weat. It was at one tune subject to Morocco, and then
became independent. lit 1533 it was subdued by the cele-
brated corsair, Barbarous ; and in spite of the endeavours
of Charles V. and his immediate successors, it was made a,
province of the Ottoman empire, under Seim 11., by
Sinan, Bashaw of the Levant. Considerable trade is still
carried on at Tunis ; for, besides linen and woollen goods,
velvets and silks, fire-arms, sword-cutlery, Morocco:I leather,
and the small red caps universally worn by the lower orders,
were manufactured there. They trade, besides, in horses,
olives, oil, ostrich feathers, gold dust, and Morocco skins.
The inhabitants are a motley mixture of Mars, Turk',
Arabs, Jews, and Christian merchants and slaves—for
Christian slavery yet pre vas's to a melancholy extent in all
these regencies, and numbers of Spaniards and Italians in'
particular, yet groan out their lives in almost hopeless bon-
dage. With barbarians of this description force is the
only argument that will be eft'. setive ; and if the outrage
mentioned in the Frankfort Papers be founded, and our
Consul has been asaassina.etl, reprisals, we trust, of the
most summary and effective nature will instantly be made,
to avenge the insolence and ferocity of these pirates ; and
protect, by wholesome tenor, our flag and suitiects from
their anceity for the future.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.
FitEW.ERS .

The Paris journals of Tuesday reached tla by stress
last night. The following are extracts :--
(From the IWoMiteor of Twitter. Jon. 11.1
Fianna, Dre. 26.
All those who desire the speedy restoration of order in the East
of Europe, and the couselidotion of ges:emireviree, will lea= wit
axeuat oht
pleasurethe 'onthat the slanos which had
of the Divan, and the note onf the liei.T.rfleitlf, raw
daily to the delay of the Porte In the maertien o( Moldavia mid
Wallachia, have subsided.
Nevis from Conmandoople, which may be coosidered as autheatie,
since they are founded oa communications made by parasol
hupottance, eve us the certainty that our leternerie hie
Ikeda new conference with the Reis Effeodi, and that be his Ise.
meted in making the Divan, se well as the 111"sr,
easy
thenespecting the Rorke rimy stattoned in Po Irgothesawie 111
and neighbouring prmtnees. What has rerun:Lisa, IMAM
vitiated to satisfy the Divan • that a part of the
Tartish
had hitherto occupied bia., the seethes =
Tartish Moldavia, have been withdrawn, to raleasneoth sire
remote horn the Turkish booties. It is
,Maeda eilltheek thst
Baron Ottenfeia had 'been charged to make to die !set some err
Ceutle overtures, on the utterer destination of die Russian mess
a, there is reason to expect (according to the authentic at-
county which we have just mentioned) the speedy delivery of. me
official rote of the Ottoman cabinet, which will armoured the order
sent to the Pasha of Sillistria to withdraw all the Turkish troops
from the two principalities. In the manner, the chief obracle to
the emend= of harmony between Russian sad the Pone will be
removed, the more eo, r not the smallest difficulty.is teeth iMon-
mantresie to restoring the Boyars, who have been aseseleth
liberty.
We eaa also state that 11. Menrisky was sisedag to
leave Bermanatedt, and that he must at this moment been the
way to Bucharest. These Pavel:eighteen:ousts have caused a rise
in the Austrian Funds, which improve daily.°
The Marquis of Carman having paid his asspects to the Em-
peror and the Imperial family, and taken lea= airlines litter-
nich and the other blieisters, set out yesterday :or toes.
M. Marcellus, jun. had been previously presented to the Evil-
ler*, as Charlie d'Aßkires from die King of INtince.
Fantle it Funms.--Paitte, JAW. 6.--Five emu. opened at
Mb, highest 114 f. 30c., closed at 1141. ' • Loan of 1022,¢1l
k 5t0ck,1,620f..; Neapolitan 0 per Cents. 791; Renee 4'
opened at %, closed at 24—Exchange on London, one moot
331. Mk.; three ditto, 20f. 40c.—Cuttrz A othentiqur.
• (Front the Jimmie/ der Lkbats.l
ITALY.
NAPLES, Dec. 19.
Some individuale, stripped of all their consequence, formed a new
sect upon the principles of the Carbonari and Dercansirados. Their
word of battle was Manuel, a name already too farhous amongst
demagogues. Their object was the overthrow of social order and
of legitimate authority t trey hod in particular the intention of sup-
porting the Spanish Revolutionists. They were discovered by the
police, arid a cabinet-maker acid an umourer bOonging to the sect
have been condemned to death, and the limner to a Bee of 2,600
ducats ; the latter to a fine of 2,000 ; two others have bees sentenord
to twenty years imprisonment in irons, and a line of Lees dram t,
two others, a copier and an apothecary, have been referred wrelsigiter
tribunal ; the two who w,eve casually convicted tweeted( tbeir
punishment upon the Place Ale Comae, oh the 19th of the {Booth.
NUREMBERG, Dec. 11,
On • the day before yesterday the C'urreyoudtut was not distil-
butoi until some hours later than usual, in consequence of an ous
fiche which had been borrowed from the Miro-ail a:erne;
an order had arrived from Munich by eztafette, by which this
article was suppressed, and another substituted for it.
• CASSEL, DEC. 30. ••
There appeared this morning in our horizon, in the eastern quar-
ter, a comet, which rose near Venus: it may be seen with the
naked eye for five hours, when its tail; directed towards the zenith,
was about the length of the diameter of she moon. About half.
put six it wAs covered by a cloud, and it still remains lost in the

BEKSLAE, DEC. 74.

Our new (laze'? has published that a boy, ten year's of age, has
been freed front what is oiliest the solitary worm in the space of
three hours, without pain, by a military surgeon. This cure, and
two others of a similar nature, performed by the same indivi.
dual on two inhabitants of this city, ore of them a student, aged
Id, and the other a female servant. detennincd the government to
have the matter investigated by Dr. Luther, physician of the city.
It results from these investigations that the efficacy of the measures
' pursued by M. Kyrice. the /Wren. attains* the worm, brontirtn-
ed, and there can be no objection whatever to it. If the success of
the surgeon is not limited to the ejectment of the worm, but if it
prevents its re-production, he will, without doubt, have rendered a
utmost important service both; to the science of physic and human
nature.

JANVARY 6.
We have seen for the lot month, in the French and English
journals, such absurd statements respecting the political situation of
Europe, and the projects and negotiations of the Cabious, that we
have not thought it necessary to remark or to ridicule their various
contradictions. It is in this way they speak of the occupation of
the Balearic Isles by Russia, and the warlike preparations of Eng.
land. The speculators on the Change and those who calculate
upon the elections, will be equally deceived. Never was Europe
nwre pacific nor the internal or estetnal tranquillity of the states
better confirmed.

TWA morning, before masa, the King received in private Bodices,
the Marquis de Camman, tbs old Ambassador to the Court of
Austria.

There was, this evening, a grand family party nt the Palace of
the Tuileries; it was composed of the King, Monsieur, Madame,
the Duke and Duchess of Orleans, at. &c. They drew the cake,
and the Duke d'Angoulerne war King; he chose Mademoiselle for
Queen. The nest perfect gaiety reigned in the august assembly.
The king was delighted to see himself surrounded by his entire
family. lie repeatedly saluted the hem of the Trocstlero, with cries
of " The King pledges you."
They write from Lille under date of 3d January, for the purpose
of proving more and Tare the great grief which the inhabitants
of Lille teed on the anniversary of the death of the martyr King.
The unigistrates, in support of the seal of the amateurs, artists,
and scholars of the Royal School of Music of this faithful city.
have required the performance of the Regniena of Mozart ; it will
he executed on the 21st of this month, in the parish church of St.
Maurice, where the heart of the Ihike of Berry is placed. More
than 2110 musician will contribute in giving to this performance all
the splendor of which it is capable. The greatest composer of,
our time, 31. Chembini, has given his assistance. The work has
been theme two months in rehearsal. Nothing has been spared to
insure its success. A crowd of strangers will, it is said, throng to
this master-piece of the musical art.

•
[From the fonstitutionmell
OREEGE.--C:AhIPA lON OF 1823.

PYIGOS, Nov. 27.

After having landed a part of his troops at Catystoa, the Ca pi-
tan Pada proceeded to the gulf of Petra.. Ilia best care on his
arrival was to establish the regular blockade of Misisolonghi. To
effect this purpose he arrested many European Captains whom he
found on his arrival in the port of this city, and gave to many of
them the lumina& on the soles of the feet, after the manner of the
Turks. Some other arbitrary acts upon his part produced a warts
altercation between hint and the Captains of the English navy,
which compelled him to adopt a more reasonable line of conduct.
, The Capitan Pscha afterwanls landed at the port of Corinth the
greater part of his laid forces, to provision the citadel of Ace°.
corinth, then occopital by a Turkish garrison. All the efforts
made by his troops to
.t„rin this citadel were useless ; constantly
di Men back upon the hatbour, they embarked again to enter the
gulf of Patras. All the other attempts that he made, as well
upon the coasts of the Peloponnmus as upon those of Livadia,
were equally unfortunate ; but what particidarly mortified the pride
or the Ottoman Admiral was the following circumstance :—Upon
the first day of his arrival in the gulf of Patras he gave his Cap-
tains the most rigorous orders Na establish their cruiser' on all the
points of the gulf, to cut off all communication between Mimes-
longhi and the sea. The Greeks then armed their small shallops,
end availing themselves of the favourable weather. not only came
in and out of the gulf, but they had even the audacity to capture
some of the Turkish convoys, in defiance of the cruisers. Warned
by these events to have lees relianceon his power, the Capitan Paella
resolved thenceforward to attempt nothing against Ittissolhi be-
fore the altrlvale of the Oaten& of the stea7,' who would toes-
bine theiv Abets with those of the Admiral to attack at otter by sea
and land. Such was at this period the Aviation of this important
place, agailist which the Porte directed its principal efforts. Be-
fore the insurrection Misaolonghi was an open city. It was on the
I first year of the insurrection that 31aumeordato, who perceived all the
importance of the position, raised some fortifications which served
to defend this city against the armies of four Turkish and Albanian
Pachas. After the repulse of these armies, new fortifications were
raised, planned by many ingenious engineers. The design of the
(lumen Generals to attack by ma and land was perfectly good. An
Albanian column of ten or twelve thousand men was 'seem-

bled upon the frontiers of Epirus. to march through Acarnania.
The Poch* of Scours marched by Agrapha, through Etulis. On ,
.his side, the Capitan Paella had landed upon Cryonerun and upon
Procaniston, not far from Missnlonghi, and he was ready to land '
the remainder of his tenors in Candyla, a port of Acamania. All
these foray were to waist each other in advancing to conquer
Etolia, and arrive beton. the walls of Miasolonghi.
Marcos Moans in part frustrated these skilful designs of the
enemy. Having perceived the discontent of many Albanian Ages,
he established a correspondence with the chiefs amongst them, and
succeeded in creating suspicion between these Chiefs and the Pasha.
When the latter determined on marching upon Vrachori, a general
revolt of the Albanians broke out. The military chest of the Se-
riskier ins plundered, and he himself, pursued, took refuge in one
of his vessels moored betbre Vonitaa, and saved himself. After de-
feating this object of the Turks, Iluzaris went to Carpeniae, where
he awaited the Pasha of Scodra. A ware of the extreme dispro-
portion of the armies, lie funned, upon the aimroach of the enemy,
the project of surprising him during the nignt. On the evening
01 the 21,th of August he executed his design, worthy of Leonidas
at Thermopylae. At the head of 240 *dimes all tried men,
he advanced to the tents of the Boehm', placed in 'the centre of the
enmity's camp, and carried turno aad death with him • his batta-
lion equalled in valour and devotion the three hundred Spartans ; all
the other troops mak part in this action, and attacked simulta-
neously the 'tucks in niree places. The enemy lost in killed and
wounded 3,0110 men, but the viczury cost the life of Bozaris, whom
Oneeestill bitterly laments. The ruvalt of the Albanians, and
the defeat of the Pacha of Suedes, to whom the Divan gave the
• The 'lust rib,' Observer, of the 211th December, gives the
price of the Funds as follows :-.-Dec. 77.—Metalliquas 021 ; Bank
shams YU

!nom of invincible, spread alarm end confusion in all quarters.
Ohne Pacha and the .11acha of &Ora aftrwie4s joined, and these
two comnsenders, at the head of 16,111 men, endeavoured with •
manes to establish s regular siege spinet Miseolongiii, 1
Meat
t•s1171 severe
dram failed, and Wan of their detachments were cut
to pieces. Hemmed from the city by constant sorties, the Turks
commented a retreat. The ~downs. of the Achelous detained
the enemy in the neighboarbood of/Angelomatron. A Greek
equadron Is daily expected from Hydra at filisoolonghi ; upon this
arrival the Greeks expect to indict on the army of Scodm a destruc-
tion similar to that suffered by that of (JanaPacha.
The Conetiingiunnel inserted a few days since a letter, addressed
bout Rouen, in which the writer declaims with the wettest warmth
against the dismissal of M. Henri Barbet, Mayor of the interesting
Commune of Devine. This better states the dismissal of 51.
Barbet to arise from the following circumstance: he had joined a
pet number of his eo-patritgli, and the names of many stsllll4+
Royalists might be also added,'lri giving some assistance to the
at rM Perpignan, who dere represented to be in a state of litirlioo. How -does the Qtrotidleisee act, who ought not to find
an appearance of guilt in this)~et of humanity ? Does it not see.
every day the females of the Fititzhourg of Saint Germain's, whose
political opinions are not doldisful, make collections to relieve
prisoners, without asserting `dist they are accused of crime?
The Quolidieutte states, with its usual gond faith. that the sub-
scription woe proposed by hi. Barbet, in behalf of those French-
men who had borne arms against France. This statement is false.
The truth is, that M. the Mayor counnittetl no other crime than
that he would not refuse to jOill in an. act of benevolence. The
"Me of the removal of the. officer is well known, let the 411106-
dirMlie say what it will : it is bemuse his opinion is constitutional,
and because he enjoys the general estimation of his brother offeers.
His removal will not lessen his influence.
An elector of the Grand College of the department of the Seine
presented himself the day bereft yesterday to the public officer, to .
obtain from him the certificates seminary to confine his right of
election. These documents wens refused him, because the officer
did not know if they were asfirtned by the register of.lffhi or
11124. The elector declared that if these papers were not given to I
him in a short thhit, he world employ the aid of an officer &justice I
for their recovery.
We learn that all the &Beers, won-commissioned officers, and
soldiers of the Spanish army 4 Catalonia. who obtained leave to
go to Barrelana, aid who h veinained there for more than la
.M s, have been orißied $ without delay, the maps which
they have left.- • •
The Chamber of Cenmmyttl. of Dunkirk have published the
following:—The farmers of die months of Norfolk and Suf-
folk draw from the Continentl and particularly from Holland,
a large quantity of small balls, formed of the residue of oleaginotu
grains : they use this substance as manure for the culture of their
corn fields, and particularly for the fattening of horned cattle.
The Government, which in its anxiety has desired that COOMICYCf
should mceive assistance from this project, thinks this a favourable
season to apply itself to this kind of speculation, which appears so
advantageous.
MERMAN PAPERS.
Yesterday we received a file of German Journals, from
which we copy the following
STOO[IIOEIII. DEC. 16.
On the evening. of the 12th, a travelling pease • visited some of
his acquaintance in the peasentb club. As be was going away, he
met on the stain a stranger, wbn gave him an unsealed letter, re-
questing him to give. it to the glob. The peasant, suspecting no
harm, did as he was.desired. The letter was addressed to the
Representatives of Smiths, and contained several captious and re-
volutionary .expressions respecting the Government. The bearer
was immediately arrekted by the police ; but on clue has yet been
'found to discover the author of the letter. All the authorities have
already testified to the King and the Crown Prince their attach-
ment...ad fidelity, and their detestation of these criminal nimbi.
nitiona.
LEr.noaw, Dr.c. 8.
Last week it was reported bare that the English Consul at Tu-
nis had been insulted, and even'easassinstad. or some days past
we were in painfult suspense in this miscount ; esterday we at
length received the following news, by letting (min Malta :
An English vessel, bound from the Greek Islands for Malta,
had on hoard eighty Greek passengers. A Tunisian frigate stopped
this vessel at sea, and dematided that the Creeks should be given
up. Theiinglish Captain refined. (hi this, the Tunisian Cap-
Min sent a boat well armed. which took away the Greeks by main
fro. The. English Captain immediately sail ti for Malta, and
gave an account of this affair. A swift-sling vessel was imme-
diately despatched t Tunis, to demand the release of the Greeks.
It was announced dolt they were subjects of the Porte, that most-
Nvently they ought', to be considered as rebels, and that they
could not be wren up, because they had already undergone their
Rte. We threat Ira w what has 4locome of the English Consul,,
who zealously interepted himself in favour of these unfortunate peo-
ple. A statement of this affair Yu been sent to London.
The presents from Denmark to die My of Algiers have already ,
arrived.
roux, Dec. 27, HALF-PAST EthllT, Y. DI.
We are happy to lie able to mate, that for the last two days. his
Majesty King Victor Emnianuel'has continued to improve In his
health. Ile has slept calmly, has hardly had any cough, and his
pulse has not ',erne. This morning he is without pain, and has
enjoyed his usual breakfast of coffee and chocolate.—Guretta
Pin -
esoatese, Dec. 27.

l
~.
