Nice 7d.

SLAVE'TRADE.
Mr. LAM wroN presented a petition from %Odd ink/Iterate of
Sunderland, petyteg for the abolition of nogionsiarry.
Similer petitions were resented by 3lr. from Atritl;
Gloucestershire and from Ifpploghan., la the Ocninty of N .• •
bans—One,d en lie on the tablet
•. •
prevenMr.t/p.thrM.eflitiTnnOfromN germee.nrivniecke
idnigaht
airoomneenisfacester Ea m seathomilhei4p4Le.
abase er the liberties of the retie in te East
Mr. Alderman WOOD moved for a nouns of the .outer of
vessels employed by the Poitt-stliee.—Ossieted.
lICTI BS ON COlb-
Lord EBRINGTON presented a issaiil from a town in Dire-
shire, praying fora repeal of the dudes an coal carried coseterine ;
and another from Atherby, in the sirac coons/.
Sunder petitions wore resented by Sir E. KNATCIIIIUL L. from
Deptford • 110.1 oby M OTEXO*, hoot Exeter.
Ordered to lie on the table, stud be printed.
P3I P DOT I ES.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a petition from the ship-otensts
and builders of Oreenrk, raying for a repeal of the muse on
hemp—Leid on the table.
Mr. LINDSAY presented • petition from the notaries pried z
of Dundee, praying for a repeal of the tax on public notaries.
Mr. K. DOUOLAS presented tesinailar petition from Cm nour,re
public of Kireudbright.
Ordered to he on the tai.le, and be }rimed.
Mr. KIRWAN moved furs re,tten of the quantity of emir im-
ported front Ireland and Seethed daring the lasi it. - -
Ordeivd.
WINDOW TAX. •
Sir E. KNATCHBU lA. presented a pion from Dirt/err
praying fora repeal of the Window Tee. —Laid on the table.
Sir E. KNATCH BC LL presentee • petition from an itanvidda:.
a distiller in Kent, praying that local /stills might not be pertotta,
in this country.—Laici an the table.
Mr. WURTENA presented a petition frost the owners and
trollies of valiebt, of Strathrnere, praying for an examinee of th,
berientieson ibieles.Le-Loideo themble.
. A Member, whose niers ere did not hear, pretested a petitiot
from the inhabitants of Exeifr, against the us upon coals aerie.
coastwise.
Mr. J. BENLTT disappmsed of the tax oil coals; it Was ist.
penal ia* in Devonshire, witch ihowitled
3M N floured
.TO if the tax on coals bane coasew;ee.
would the most convenient to take off: He quentiocal the w!s-
than of the measure, by- ehich the tax on coals broist to the me-
tropolis was taken off; them times affected the toolit
ally. To confer genetal benefit, those taxes should beZuCit'
had.
which affected the country genera/Iy.
Mr. GIRENFELL protnenl against the partiality and injustice:
of the tax, and was nowt anxious for its repeal.
Dir. N. CALVE:HT thought the tax ought to be repesleL
Mr. W. SMITH sail, the inhabitants of Norwich felt the tar.
most severely ; in nut neighbettniond there was no substitute far
coals.
The CHANCELLOR cif the EXCHEQUER said. be did
nut intend to troetble the House, but as so matey geotleinen bad
delivered their opinions upon the anbject before the Hesse, he
thought it necessary to Mae a few observations. Though he was sot
willing to go so far as the Ham. Member for Shrewsbury and some
other Gentlemen on die opostie tide, he was ready to admit that
the tax upon coals was one which ought to be repealed, as it le..
with partiality and injustice • it had also this Iseeeiliar oggioveno
of severity, thin it errs felt in some pans of the country mole tbr,
in others; this aggraratioo it was 011p06.ibi• so dewy ; but is et.“
also to be considered that the present generation were not seepon-
sible for its imposition, as it had existed 100 years. When the r:-
peal of such a tax war taken intooonsidermion, the moldier sod ek-
tent of various interestiorhich had grown in aorta* frame and shape
under the presser of this tax, should be also takeo inteconsideratter
and this tax could not be repealed at once, without the eerie* pr.-
judice of these interests. Ivor with Meet Wisp he bad awe
to the Parliament to ask fer the repeal of 4:Crialli tax*, sod when.
he looked at the items of the taxes to be taben off, be did tart
think it would be lieginnino at the right cad it he took of the ditty
on coals, whilst, to his opinion, there were serious other taxes
which rented on the country gunman, with more esvority. It was
on this principle be had repea taxes, to the amount of one mil-
lion. This was the view he tali if the qua**, and he hat
heard nothing to niake inns think his view was a false oar. As he
had before remarked, the tax on ands nes oppress* and uoited,
and it had the aggravation of booing more heavily en emu jests
of the country than upon other,; he midi give Goo meteoroids
as au example. He could not think the argoaient INS con-
clusive, that he the inhabisants of Lomita were wee worthy
than inhere, isjashodd thatches pay mere. Thisapneent was
. To he just taxes sir old be ?poloist!
illi°:,:tirrit.o&tcret repine the system of wanes by..
nics a rakes a refereope to, the gird* indent'', Hid Wm*
all the cities and We& As if hiiirseeskto hint he began aeon
right end; by tali* off duuLeravailen and inj
usticej of 04 o
miens, its upon this be iens, it w bad taken off. 3s. .00
CO* booloolt 01 London. He bed enteeteff
_elle one shilling ou
the cook borne coastwise ; beyond shim be could not go.
toe SWAM he ormx be givttaie= Fmk. it 4.'106241
then horrid spare, and he a sacrifee of renstite
to no purpose. in his opinion it win isapossible that nos only nu
inhabitants of London, but also those of Hertford and the neigh-
bouring ameba, should not receive benefit (torn the redaction of
the duty. The course which he adepted is t..e House was, in his
opinion, the most eligible. lie did not think the tax upon coal.
was the most proper to be taken off, rid he hail acted secordato v.
Sir M. re'. MIDLEY said, the measure premed most heavily, by
its injustice and partiality upon the northeru counties. He
wished to know from the Right Hon. Gentleman when the subject
wee likely to be fully discussed, and be would tuidertake to *hew
the Right lien. Gentleman bad rotated as, the principles of
lity and jostiee is his system of taxation, which impend a tax of
six shakings at the inland carriage of coals, and left a dusty sae
shilling only on coals.earried coastwise. This IBM not a liberal
and just system, which placed all parties on the same (outing. He
trusted there was in this instance a case before the Hutu: whim
called upon the Right Hon. Gentleman to reconsider his plan, and,
not persist in imposing the tax. The imposition of 3a. ed. the cosi-
dton was portent:tor to 7s the ton, lulu the minium cad-worker
herbs Os. to pay for the 0004:00S1 carriage, rtes not able to neer
into a convenors with the coals carried imand at one *Wing. He
would therefore vote for the reduction of the sax 00 coals carried
cosetwiee, when the queens° came before the House.
Mr. LITTLETON said, the matter was tura important to his
constitneni and he would support the principle of reduction.
The disported= of duty had continued for years, and the coals
carried Inland could Dot, even if they were exempt from dui7,
enter into a competition with those earned coestwise, as the torn. cr
were loaded with enormous charges.
Mr. S. WOETLEFiZt the priest system had only the
suet fir 117 elm She en article at once dear sod bad.
Mr. RU 1001611. die Chancellor et the Exchelose to
• pot es tied tomildimassioas ore ebe subject, by taking if the duty
In all sass Weald it not be buses * this course than
keep gee =Miens as a sinking food, aid buy up 3 per canes at
33? It weskisiteuntelt better to repeal the tax on coals and windows.
would Re way to give relief to the country at late, and
set by thalami§ of taxes which were bat partially felt.
Lewd MILTON id net thick, that because a tax was partial it
sheidd therefembe repealed. In his opihre it was not those taxes
which fell span partial classes that should be repealed. He would
begin with time that affected the community in general.
bit J. NEWPORT thought it peculiarly hard, that because a
tax, which WM maifestly unjust, and which should never base
been he sioluld not be repealed ; it War., in tact, telling them,
hosenea yes been a long time oppressed you ',hall rum* ao.
M& MA MEALY thought those Gentlemen who surrounced the
Chrmodiar of the Exchequer, volts came down to the House Sidi
rfdd —I called upon him for reduction of taxation in 'rider
In he or his friends would use, should behave at rest
;4".."sosaiseriney; they should oppose the Sinking Fund, as the
Maslen he Aberdeen and be hen( done. liad they at length
cowed this the Itidht Hoes Gentleman bad tao large a sinking
fund? DM they perceive that. by the reduction of the ieteren to
the immett of one million and a half, there was a diminatiort of
the debt itself to the amount of forty trials ? These gentlemen
voted in the year 1819 for the Sinking. Fund, and the Chancellor
of the Extheque Might fairly complain of their incoosisency.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER felt that certain
Members had lost the opportunity of stating their objections to :no
measure in the peeliminary stage of the discossion. He had eu
objection, the' that the clause respecting comb should be re-
. cononitted and discussed. The first open day would be Thursday,
and if it were convenient to the Honourable Harriet, be would me-
cum the meneare upon that day, and to the tell extort of me
Hon. Baronet's wish.

--Ili. Alderntati WOOD said, the poor el London felt the otu
severely, as they had neither turf, OW wood, nor any aubetituts tor
coals.
Sir W. RIDLEY had no objection to meet the Right Eleanor.
able Gentleman on Thursday. De wished n to beunderstood, ihst
it was neither his wish nor his object to impose any additiosal tax
upon coals carried inland ; and when, by the tides of the House,
he called for an sddit,onal duty, he did so m a coluplisoce wi .11
loon, and begged to be understood accordingly.
The petition was ordered to bean the table, and be printed.
SLAVERY.
Lord W. BENTINCK pretented two petitions from dis:ricti„
the names of which were nut Muni in the gallery, ptaying Lie
abolition of slavery in the coloniss.--Ordered to he un the mole.
Mr. BUXTON presented a petition trout the inhabita-ts of
Chichester, praying for the anicliuratton of the st.,te of the slaves
in the West Indies.—Ordered to lie on the table.

A )1 name from the Lord■ announced then moment to v..rio:•a
Bills Wor which ■ee Lorela' report.)

REGENT'S CANAL
The Sheriffs of London inesented a petition from the Lurd
Mayor, Aldermen, and Corporation, in Common Council mete-
b stating that a canal teas to be carried through certain pans of
the Parish of St. Mary, and etas to form a ju:-.4-tion with the Re-
gent's Canal. Petitioners prayed to he beard by Counsel against
the Bill, and that it may not palm into a law.--f hdered to lie on
the table.

FOREIGN CORN.
114 r. WOGEHOUSE moved for a eeturn of the pieced foreign
corn imported into this country, from the year 1R22 to NZ:.
