rGFXCE.

GREEK LO.IN.

V. ft.on whirl' we sr-
...rvationn m th,.
:rnt•rtl I:tailkotiout to

I.Lirsic, MAY 21.
,41 to the end. It is
41 11 lair for these itrOhty
r•-t Ail trim...octagon. 'fhe
i:••ry, though not dray.io honour tile hills drawn
1.1.01 on the May tit
.vs, whirls they promised
with 1 per rent.
11.:111 114.Yrsimtl of thijy
hr tionitsliatt•ly ad.
111 f 110-1 i otllrr Withwit
hr graLtelt them on a cc-
-1.1 of June.
y before yesterday : thit
ti hoot interest, but de.
nor rhatilitlile
nuine. This is a
lSll,g 111111 14 his 'subjects.
liiss•a, and ,tustrtan (4l_
iitllt• of the fair, LURI
ol for %Ilk, woollen, linen.,
• hail for many years.--
1••• or Ivo. in gONi troment,
i• roil of the FP, I a. 1114
we 111141/ e\ pert th,
re, 0.11.4131tt Voynors.

,o,rte.t t e, MAY. Iff.
$ll, our m•w ;111,11,%110.410
h, well UM!' of Con.
lle iv accompanied. not
et by several abls officer•
amp, owl that him retinue is
intended fur mivviona
• (*the officers Mao are to
n•ure to bans special orders
to restore the influence .1
nee the Revolution. Thy
too this plan.

lialit• lint. made AM many
nt th- 31nroluie Hiviere,
nr •niint of the state of Ito..
l'nuant tiuillentinut
r diem to the French of all
irrit in tre Levant; and
wenst arother nation,
'rm. W.. understand that
nr the Sultan, and fur the

a private letter from

Csiiit, MAY 13.
t srvrr• gales of wind
iN CR witnessed in thin
w from the north-
' Sunday it increased

I, Ir.
I trone
fleir
P . Vitr.
[The following account o the disunion among the
Royali.t party in I'eru is from Buenos Ayres paper of the
Vtli of March.]
IN the evening of the '2ii there 4. , •
a courier extraordinary, sent by
m rier to the Spanish authorities ..1
porin lAs Hera., with an official il )
following is a copy :

suffered, more or less ;
upon the rocks, and
I. Mary's coast. The
in Bragg, was obliged
eldest fears were

rocks, before she got
vy fortunately !Wiped,
!image. An American
In.? Insets overboard.
I deserted by the rap-
lock on Sunday morn-
ow rime been got oil

:rived at Buenos :lyres
the principal Commis-
!, ru, Don Juan 4:Tv-
'vspatch, of which the

.. S\SLTA, VEIL 23, I ltd.
" The General I7ommissioner to the Au rthorities of his Christian
Majesty in Pent transmits in a ?minim nem into, for the inliwniation
of his Governmen4 tis• enormous detaih w.bich he has just learned
of the late events in this country. (in the 2 lith of Js-Asary, 4 line-
e.l ttlaneta returned to Potosi,aner penning, the patriot lanes with
all his die e.t.a'', composed of the battalion* of the l intim and Chic's,
two tepuidnins id dragoons, and some •arttliere. 4 In the 21st he de.
mantled, by letter, of the limeernee snot 4 emend 11.. es Hems, 38,11041d0 l.
lento pay the tramps • and hes linaa having limonite) that he had
ow melt • sum, he began to urge him olfirietty, Sin an insulting man.
tier. The (lutetium then offered him 141,1481 dollstrs down, prominino
to put hen in tweiseesion of the rem on the following day. lieneral
4/lanna declined this proposition ire Mill. 'moults and quarrels
took place between the ollicent and theme of the gnomon, one acting
as Royalists, the other as Constitutionalist.. General lots lien a
received notice in the night of the 21st, that theng was a plot to
miss his paean in miler to behead hint, and immediately he took
isose.sion with his garrison of the Menthol Castle I of the Mint,
where he established his advanced posts. At six 'duck on the
mowing of the 22d. General Gimlet& was infitemed t nit the Clio.
mitottonal flag wee there living: he immediately milt his troops
to meteor viiii
_Wight& i aiol.en his advanced parties w tired at
from the ellstle of the Mint, he made a vigorous tunas , which
lasted till 12 tielock at noon ; when, having determined t farce the
trenches, they compelled Las liens. to mount a 11-ot of now, and
hostilities meet the Constitutional General demaniked to be al-
lowed to retire with his troops, the homier' of war, anti the money
at that time hi the Mint. The Itoyalist General *seemed to the
lint peopneftioni only. lin the strength of this he went away on the
21th to the distance of live leagues, en tinier that lan Items might
Ir. away freely, which took place accordingly. 4/tenet& returned,
and took upon himself the command, although he reverted that he
bed appointed as liovernor one Art-bind*. an emigrant from Salta.
This, however, is Certain, that several of the principal merchants of
Pours; etmgrateel wills Las Items, and up to the 7tle of the present
month the shops anti public warehouses remain shut. It is also
certain, that the SOO men with whom the I ntistituttunal Chief de.
ruled, conspoed to desert to the Royalist General, the former
having arrived at I /runt with 11l soldier'. The killed on the day of
the ettenutote amounted to fel on faith aides.
General I flattens. in consequence of a communication from lie.
need illation, the President of Chuquisaca, professing that Ise
woubl not recogulse :my authority but that of the ‘'icenty, uttered
tin the 4th of this h all his division to get under anus, and on
the 7th he pot himself et their head. The results of this OCCISKI
enterprise are still pending; but it will not be difficult for the lie.
meal Commission( r to learn them, and transmit them for the infor-
mation of Ines I loi e lit. timers, Marion is preparing for the
attack, WV ii, g fortified himself in Chuquisaca. Ili% force consists •
of sit 113111e4 of the regiment of lenlusand VII., the squadron 1
of LagtillS, tool MOM° artlllery, Illancta '':11 conduct his opera.
dons with his division of 2,4011 men, with Mont titan two contpattirt
of infantry, and three of revelry, which were under the twders of :
Colonel Matiptiegui, before the advanced ports of guises and
Tato-la; and it the ot-gilts of this enterprises arc successful, he will
lie in a respertatilc sinialitio. It is SIMI ulfirmed that Attalla',
Governor ii Silos Clot de I.i Sierra, with eight hundred men ;
Mentlizaleti anti YIIRLS de la Paz, with four hundred ; and So.'
rutieusio de Cochabamba, with sit hundred are royalists, and
entirely under the influence of I Iluceru. This being the ease,'
the N. terror s ill be to groat difficulty. 4)n both soles are vie-
ments for the continuation of war, which cannot terminate until
oneor 04111 T is put an rod to. What corroborates this assertion Is, 'I
that °lemon has adopted this system in the firm persuasion that
IA items has deprived NW of the right of S'ieerov loon Chump
totbe limits of the l'itited Provinces of Rio tie la Plata, with which
Eli Dation has honoured I ' . Actiording at the letter of (Mantle to
Ids wife, In l'utoirs, he was nut afraid of the Vairroy, hi cause, as •
he says, he thinks it of great consomtetee to wait on the coast of 1
Lima. lit spite of this, the trotiltilimioner•lieneral knows, by a
despatch worthy of credit, that the regiment of the Viceroy's guard
was IllarCIIIIII: ilgailiSi Olaneta. 'l'he tworlailiation, too, of the'
lloyalist General to the people of Peru was 'whited at round, •
and pliblish.sl at Tupiza. lst the ringing of bells. It alone M
auffiiinit to gyve a Netter:a isles or tier igno 11l ill tous yoke which
these unfortunate conntries endured. llesides being governed
by an absolute military force, they were ground down by the twat
degrading oppression. The l'isiiititssioner-lietteral is hound to
represent, that the town of Potosi evineid in the atiove.mentioned
event am titipertial comluct, and to s..ite in coarlusion, that the
‘'lceroy of Peru is exhausted of resources; that the exorbitant
contributions which the towns ors tiered fir pay, are not *NA.
cent to supply his necessities. and Ono by this means the whole
hill The l'iii— ' -,.'err-1' -41111 the

r the other day for Lw-
iv to ad-
inpany ; but owing to
into at bowie with an-
cultits to surmount Ix-

the Conceal Journal.
'elusive. The following

"11ACCLI, APRIL 3.
11w French Government
1. public, arrived in this
el in which this Envoy
hope, and even we/rants
her has no other object
y relations, reciprocally
nbia. It would be int-
.:aid the slightest eon-
let us emfidently hope
es for snaking it known.
aided to demonstrate to
ow animate the French
try. They are exprrised
iy the brave Governor of
Ant, to the Intendant of

to, and which was given
ith instant.)
U//:'S.

Iferahl of Fri-
Paragon hail arrivtil in

iihe-aaileil on the 20th
ierfeetly tranquil. Thu
ham frequently iarly in-
itains the following airy
views.

rob, 11.1%)
lie ISM 'I bundle; anemone,
specs to the 211th, and alas
.r bring us the intelligence
ken place, but that the uto.
:very man wax at his Ines
written on the evening of
esident in the Culotte. speak
The riporical insurrecion in
ind will add to the danger of

lICCEIVEII IN

❑n LAiT.

Icr the last ten days, cone.
.li.mt the ptaind pvg
;ovi r: &at 11.11 T 1414 to be

10.1 tibia 113)), and
cf in: white roman.
sirvventid she ntienipt
i; e.n.l Our enmity
nt depose, and We hare iitX•Ut
t43:1;111111•T about 1.•21ill under
.1. of which 211,0 nil re elI
ininvlvi II more a mr.tch
nu; nt home, will, to a lily
Colony. quite un.
• I' ,11,1.4111 %Me%
y Or:1 Sp, al) te -

,lITYI 111 Surinam, and a

II 3 it 311,31111111 Paper (TI
is rapidly

AFRICAN cor.o.vlEs.

,e alarm ha.; !seen occasioned among the lit hers Intelligence has been received from Sierra -Leone, to the
I nth March. The I iovernitwtit lkspateltes i..,ere dated the
...Lk Scrip, by a letter in a paper of this morning,
iii,rh it iSst:a,.il that the c ommiss- .i., a
p
p
oinled I 1 3th of March, and state that no intelligence had been
ii. cro k c 0..,
i.
lit to iiemariaie the Loan, have I received front Sir Char!. s Nl‘Carthy since he set out
iliKri Ler of opinion as to the party in Greece to ." his "Petlili 111 l .- -The Sir? res Lrome Ger:elks colittain
,to tins itttttvt•ds of the Luau are to he paid over, the; the wart",**t test' •s to the
pow( n, by wl the rinitraet was sit:tied, paternal care of the
~,, cling
, I ;ovt•ritor, Sir ('barbs M't ',artily, whose return from Cape
,61,
1 now divided.
iii,
r„..„ ,1„,.0, one of the Exeetitive, is only in postal...Mit of j intelligence hail bean received frimi him on the 13th of that
.1:,, iiolonghi, will'.o ritloeutrinti, the other PR indent, holds I 1111 l °IL 4 hue rireoulslallc;', however,of a satisfactory ita-
,ral iiiiportatit, lortresSes. Fr this statement it is
ture is, that the Borodino trim port, with 120 men of the
Boyd Aft lean Colonial Corps on board, under the comb-
,, boded that the holders of pops would do w,•11 to refrain I
Lit•uteitant it l'Cuitil):4•, arrived at Sierra Leone '
i, „„ any ftirtle r payment until the matter is satisfactorily 111°3°41 ni•
ex p 1.,. MI by the proper parti, s. 11 t• are authorized by the lon iii" 'II" or
t‘ February Irmo the of of Good Hope,
arrived in time to rt ader t flisetual service. The following I
anti soiled on the yid. for ( ;ape Coast, where we trust they
g. 0.1 it 11 imint et 41 with the management of the Iran, to I
t nt arly all the statements made in this letter, par-
are extracts front the latest sir, / et LOOll, GII::ri lel :
~hrhy tlit%t• ielm iv" to I 'obrentroili and Alavriworilato. It Errs:Tows, Masco II
, 0„;,,..ik tie that 4 ',ht.-1001min! sethimrelfup 111,11,:tositi011 '0 it ii, with •
tic „Ili. Ineitil., es of OW EX venti ve ; but tint re alit of such ,y du.
tlie.uart licarildt proiliritton we draw the Attention
people of this Colour to the Cirenfir of th • Right 1
;;;;,,ia..! Wits hi!, a:.:liido:lit.illr lir 111 A owl' croups ; in whirls ,of
Bathurst to the several Iliseerriors of our Wes el
d inn.
~ai.i„„ air di rouidltsl an inquiry into his erniihrt, which . slums. Ili, Lordship, with the nr.ost humane ;milt coinsildnerit'eTt.
has tempi out Lit elat•tortly, according to a lett r received tension for the wretched state of our lisiitierou• fellow•ertatiires. ;
is.. on, 'lire, I. C;iintuittee from Corisit, that,,! Mav 7, in :1;1" living in slavery, has there gi‘ en such directions as slaw the
:In:7i the subject has long e•.elied in die minds of his Majesty's
:;;iiic! iis said, "ir .. haVe this moment ree..i veil news ' lit nu very tlist.iaft period, u.'
,0, re' c.• 1' ihrotriiiii has made up all his differences ' theettititl'unrnsnntt:tentntrwein•uPe wall
1.1;n1,
yli.atastores or the gradual tssituteilanton of these
•• 4 Myer clip, an inquiry into his conduct I • ' • fl• i 1 •
lavifig ii or ng wings. 1l 'e are away that. this is not •• the work of a
wi
I :Me, at n'os'h Ip• was fully acquitted of improper i dßY''' and that the militia o,..tiwrittiint a the Colootal Iwgisla-
' tuna is absolutely nereasitry tit give due clilet to those Iddde And
11!;, :011 i 111 l e'rliatcly appointed to the eo 1111 l land of an
44 liberal principles of 4
pro; 0.11. :1:•:d1:51 nitride" (It I hlyssetis. who is said : lin y•I h limn"' Inn4nl‘
the
°jet'.
and
enn'id'r'.
,it,ria
Iwo:
~isit,
ant.
w.iiisi,
name
is
in
ought i
irwai
it
tarn
toria.isetiar owanert.,
iwhi,.ll cnarartcrised the niteedt of Mr. Sem-.
I slifi„f the 41441'erenet.is which • have have). "g.
ul
"'
in'
by
1.41
itat"urst'
the
'LP.'"
of
whit"
we
exist, wer 01OlerVell unfortunately inislam.
a ,
the Let •nall from Corfu • letter wad received from ' The London news f I 'ape Const is ID a biter date than oar
tlast accounts from that settlenient, ;414.1 tends it) stew that the war
lisp grestl,•man of a noble family, resident • in Athens,ithe
an with Ashantees is still th vastating the country. Ills Exeellency
r v. sal conft•rtmees with I' tt hlysses, tomtit,Ls . Sir
w du u Charles :111.arthy's XI rival would strengthen the efforts of Our
hi one at!' ! last patriots, without party fet•ling, and i bWrols there, and, we bone, brifg the war toe successful close.
anii, 11 by tore feelings for the cause of I :r..t.e. ,We have now been for • tune in daily expectation of Ina return,
th Its, o. the lalt interview, suggested the propriety , and from not having since I I f
more than ant Mon respectinf his long absence. Froth this state of I
af a (7, tur ..O. being held at Salon a, for the purpose of yreliti,tiirar.
tr. Isis ti:tsteselthtamaryar's des iredt. rt.- :
uniting oily the Coverlittielits of Eamtern and 11'i:stern : suspense, we
tielise many deanyt,
(4,,,,;„ ; a ; /in conowtitrence of this suggestion, Loud ,to know, that during null penisl the affairs of the elrulunint; arc 1
Byron ono eti nee itlarroeorilato agre.sl to attend NW li • not materially sulltreil by the, ottlav MI nitwit beyond the nine his
, „„11 Loot ityrim, a few days preview, to : Eirentney had fiXOI out Off Id illd litre; and we tear, is occaaioned
a r.aigee,
by the tiTtvertianraecitititintito,lfstitoticy id she i A dlaelee% to lid that justice !
his death • rrit,s, " I mu going to Sabina with Mar-
1.,..ta
„Nit...twit-4
to, niiiiiitshotthetlesinairttili ,threlluc: rendering it
roctinlato. ' i'.. o antes.' important fact, however, which . necessary for hi,
we are autitor.s sl to a'ate, ix, that hot Ode farthing : country, and of collOK.
. faigthen the tutu of' the capital
of the Loan Is: s yet been paid over to the Govern- 1 Notwithstanding, however, that we have austaintsl, by our best
work," still time is no doubt that his Excel-
meld. The Mild .y already remitted is lodged in the I f‘mt"". the " Pet"
prow...neck
wanititacitanipite would have effected Slidell more than
hands of two Ls &yrs of Zone, under the control of ' ;":.n.,,Ya.,,ii
ltir. Ithoptiere, wit t atria injunctions from Mr. Busting this
nap ,
atrlta
tta• ve,p,;art ,r,u.iv;i..rlt‘ t,sttlitt•ell knoswhantetonussirtal.
tlotliret
tilt to pay an y Part' of it to the Crecks until it has liven continued residence and intlrvidunal i %whin i!:trYhis Excellency for
ratified, not only by the Irtxrentive, hut also by the Senate, east), yearn, than to any other cause; and that his absence is a
drawback. upon our improvement, is as strongly visible to an ob.
au that no pos•ohle toe ttion ran hen-after arise to the injury
server as it rs sensibly fat and deplored by all classes of the inha-
of the Isnot-holders. %. 'c believe that the Greek etit 1111 l it- •
; bitatits of this Colony.
toe intend to prima! a i tronement of the next payment
until all I.lulie facts can bet fieially corroborated.—Eeching 1
l'aper.

MAXIMS OF Jima:AN ODOM:II7'Y.

From Alag2ime.l

Xl3l FINN.
If you intend to drink much iJhr dinner, never drink
much of dinner, and particularly avoid mixing wines. If
you begin with Sauterne for example, stick to Sauterne,
though, on the whole, red %vim% are bet. Avoid malt
liquor most cautiously, for nothing is so apt to get into the
head unawares, or, what is almost as bad, to till the sto-
mach with wind. Champagne. nu the latter account, is
bad. Port, three glasses at dinner—claret, three bottles
after—liehuld the fair proportion, and the most cselknt
wines. . .....

SECIIND.
It is laid down in fashionable life, that you must drink
champagne after white cheeses—water after red. This is
mere nonsense. The twist thing to be drunk after cheese
is strung ale, fur the tss,c is inure coherent. We should
always take our ideas of these things from the most con-
stant practitioners. Now, you never hear of a drayman,
who lives almost entirely on bread and cheese, thinking of
washing it down with water, far less with champagne.

THE GET;-17' FIGHT RETWEEN SPRING .IND

LANG.-IN.

• •
Youterday was one of the moat busy and interesting. days
which has dawned upon the Fancy for some years past.
Of late, the taste for pugilistic exhibitions has been
gradually decaying ; partly owing to the disreputable con-
duct of somc of the prt!ftsvws, mid partly to the eirc
stance, that very Attie/4.0.H/ wort has been dune in the ring.'
The tar amateurs feelingly lament the decay of that
spirit and valour which they were wont to admire in their
younger days, and complain that modern boxers, who
might have risen to fame by fair fighting, have disgraced
the ring by making the amide science of pugilism a mere
matter of trade. Yesterday, however, witnessed a revival
of mining glory, which reminded us of fields that have
bCt•II bravely won, and heroes that have been worthily

Spring first, with his backert, *Cribb and Painter; Langan
followed, with Belcher, and a countryman of Langan a.
Langan took off his coat immediately, add Spring hillowed
his example. The 'umpires and referee were placed at one
coma of the stage, on a Platform erected for that purpose.
Even betting that. Spring wins it in one hour ; two and
three to one on the event. Both men looked well, and
pleasant et each other.
At this time there could not be less than ko,ooo persons
present.
Spring's colon; was blue and Langan's black, as in
the last battle, whirh were both tied to the toil of the
stage.
Langan won the toss. He then examined the belt, and
shook hands with Spring. Both stripped and tht:ir appear-
ance was fine in the extreme.

canonized.
For Rome time past, the sliorting world had manifested
emisideraLle interest in the match between spring and

, .
Lavgan. 'f I:c former wts well known in the ring us a eau- I
tious scientific fighter, whose bravery could not be doubted I
nor his honour questioncil. He had taken upon himself
the tit!c of Cliampi,m almost as a twitter of right, after the
retirement of his illustrious frii nil and predecessor, Toni
Cribb and had found no one to dispute the honour
with him, till the Irislnnan, on a previous occasion, sheweil
courage enough to make trial of a men at once t
celebvated for courage and science.
The conduct of Langun at th • fight at Worcester, con-
vinced ii e Ring that he was a man of genius awl natural
talent, which only relluirid the polish, of edam/ion to lift
!dm into a distinguished station. Rut the " knowing
ones' were generally of opinion that it would tale a long
time to prepare bun for a contest with such a man as
Spring, so as to give him any chance of success. Still
there were a great number who relied upon Langan's
gameness and strength, and were, moreover, leil to sup-
port him from 'a strong national feeling. Ireland, though
celebrated for her heroes of another description, has not,
. .

THE FIGHT.

At ale minutes part one they set to.
Round I. Lingan made play first, and tried to throw-A severe
fibbing, and LangA.,n got away. lle showed first marks. A
feint made, and Spring got away. Langan tried for an
ripening, bite Spring was too strong. Heavy hitting. Langan
tried again to throw, and went on his knees. This round lasted
fi minutes.
2. Langan hinted worneirliat ; severe hitting, a close, and
Spring threw hangar) from him. Langan tried to put in his
right-hand hit, but was stopped by Spring. Severe bluing, is
close, and desperate struggle ; Spring down on Ills hands and
knees ; round lasted three minutes.
3. Lancan piping a little from the effects of list round. Spring
tried his lett hand. hut he stopped it well. Spring did the ,amt.
Spr'ng got sway firym . another well-meant hit. Spring put in a
tremendous right-hand hit; IANCI.II nsiraid a well.atmed flow at
the head. Spring put in a left-hand facer • lAngan tried to fib
Spring at the ropes ; Spring maid not have It, and threw Langan.
This was a very long Mund.
4. Langan tricd one, Orb, three, four, five, without success.
Spring's left eye was 'pollen, and bled. Spring nearly fell over
the rail. Langan struggled hard. Both fell, Spring under.
A. Langan's left ear appefired &staged. Several beautiful stops.
Spring put in a good left-handed facer and another , which drew
the claret from the nose. Langan thrown overeta his back. Claret
flowing in all directions.
6. sparring for some time • Sitting got Langan to the corner of
the stage, and punished bins; en the hick of the head, when both
went down together.
7. Spring put in • right-handed hit tin the car of 'Anglo, which
told ; then a left.handed facer : the generalship Of Spring bearte-
MI. Spring put in another Left-handed bit : both bellows to
mend. Spring put in several r*ht-handed hits ; he received ail-
other on the ribs, and was all abroad ; be then milted manfulfy„
but with little chance. Langan received several hits, and went
down from weakness. An even 'guinea to nothing.
It. Langan toads first play, but has all abroad, and again Wen
down exhausted.
9. Spring walked to the scratch, Langan was led, and received
severe punishment, which made him stagger, and he again west
down.
10. Langan fait completely out of distance (Bank of England to
a nut.shell) ; Langan rallied and threw Spring cleverly, spring
11. Langan received on his lion-trap, bet appeared recovered; a
Isevere struggle at the rails, and Lampe was thrown.
It Langan endeavoured to put in a blow, which Spring 'stopped:
they etched, and both fell, Spring under; both their heads hung
over the stage.
13. Severe blows given and received by With. Langan thrown.
14. Langan attempted • body blow without success ; a close,
and Langan again thrown.
lb. Langan put In a good left-handed hit .; both hugged at the
rails and tried for a throw. Langan slipped thritegh Spring's arms
and received a hit. (Some Vitamins.)
16. Langan made a left-handed hit, went In, and sue:lased to
throw ; both went down together.
17. Several blows exchanged, a close, and Spring thrown heavily,
his legs flying in the air ; betting at a stand still.
13. Spring tried • left-handed bit, but was cleverly stopped.
Spring touched the nob. Spring very cautious. A close tusk
pup both fell.
IS. Both cautious-a claw. Langan received severe fibbing,
and a desperate throw on his face.
29. Langan came up the worse for the list round. Langan put
in a good eight-handed blow On Spring% face, again elated, and
both fell.
21. Spring put in a good right-banded bit; after a severs
struggle at the railings, Spring threw Langan heavily. Spring
sanded.
22. Spring stopped an intended blow ; Langan again deem.
Spring appeared to be Wind of the right eye ; both winded.
23. Spring got Leman against the rails and fibbed kiln down.
24. Langan rushed in, received several heavy bite in dm wind,
and Spring at length fibbed him down. A good round.
lb. Langan received a hit on the aide of the head, and another
len the nose, which brought him On his hands.
96. Langan received a nobber, and another ; they closed, and
Spring went down on the top of
27. Langan very weak, andtnettrto rise ; Belcher bald his
man rather too long, of which Cribb took notice, end said " We
want nothing but &sr," Langan Went down awkwardly.
T. A severe struggle, Spring threw Langan heavily, and MI en
him.
M. A severe round. Langan minim& several heavy bits, and
wss thrown heavily. Spring on kin.
30. Langan extremely weak, and his efforts very faint. Langan
put in • hit; both went down. Langan under.
21. ILasigan made • lunging bit ; he received three right-
handed hits, which made him stagger and fall backwards.
32. Spring threw Langan heavily against the stage.
33, Langan again went down.
34. Langan got away from • right-handed hit. Thls was the
' best round of the fight, but Langan was hit severely, sod was
obliged to go down.
3S. Langan game, but he *as hit all over the stage.
SOL Langan was knocked down.
37. Langan quits stupid, but still too Rome to say enough.
hi. Langan came again; received a bit which turned him round.
" Shame, shame! take him away."
39. Langan again knocked down.
49. Lang s. rushed in, received • hit, and fail upon his knees.
" Take him away " was the cry.
41. This round Pllnettei great credit ea Spring ; be laid his man
down easy, and Langan patted him on the act for it. " What a
game man be is ! ems the cry.
41. Langan down-Spring on him heavily.
43. Langan again Minna.
44. Some bittunt. Langan got hold of Spring's drawers.-(Cries
of " Let go.") Langan down.
4.5. A smart rally, but both very week. Langan again down,

at any rite for many years, furnished us will; a Chuurpioa
for the English Ring ; and this circumstance whilst to the
deep interest which the battle of yesterday created.
It was originally arranged that the contest should take
place in the neighbourhood of Warwick; but the Malice of
a beak displayed itself a few days since, and it was found
necessary to change the place of meeting. The neighbour-
hood of Chichester Was then fixed upon ; and as early as
Sunday morning, the leaders of the pugilistic corps left
town fur the sane of action. The roads from London to
Chichester presented a busier appearance than they had
done for many years. After the alteration of place had
been announced, an express arrived in London from War-
wick, signifying that the sinner had repented, and that all,
would be right: that would not do ; trifling ill befits the
supporters of the science, and the offer met its merited
fate. Langan, under the direction of his backers, had
taken his departure to a place near the intended field of
honour ; and thus to be harassed, when all will agree that
he had his work to do, was something like throwing a
chance away. However, despatches were forwarded to him,
and a place appointed for him to meet some of his particular'
friends on the road, which he instantly attended to.
Spring had oot to undergo this harassing; he remained
snug at his place of training, waiting for the word. Thus
matters stood on the evening of Sunday.
We believe the stakes for which the men contended
were greater than any that had before been fought kr.
CHICHESTER, JUNE 8.
The whole of yesterday this city was one continued
scene of bustle ; persons were arrivig from all parts of the
country as well as from the metropolis, and almost every
pugilist of fame may be said to be now here. The building
of the stage on which the great conflict Is to take place,
commenced yesterday morning in a ploughed field belong-
ing to a venerable lady on the other side of fourscore, who,
in the afternoon of yesterday, visited the spot, and took a
minute survey of the preparations, shrewdly observing,
" I suppose I shall not be able to see it to-morrow." The
field is situate direct south, and about three miles from
Chichester, twat Del-key and Appletown. The situation
is thought to be good, from its being surrounded by water,
and there being but one entranc; thereto, and which pass
may be secured from the intrusion of the rotifer. The stage
' is erected agreeably to the following articles, which were
agreed to by both the men :
MEMORANDUM of an Agreement made between John Langan
and Thomas Winter Spnng, at Thomas Cribb's, Penton-seen,
Haymarket, Mardi 2, 1824 :
We, John Langan and Thomas Winter Sprier, agree to fight
on Tuesday, the 11th June, 1824, for five hundred pounds a-side,
on a twenty-four feet boarded stage ; to be a fair stand-up fight,
half minute time; an umpire to ibe chosen by soh party and a,
referee to be chosen on the ground by the umpires. The light to
take place within one hundred miles of London, and the place to:
be named by Mr. Jackson; the men to be in the ring between the
hour: of twelve and one o'clock at noon, unless prevented by ma.'
gisterial interference. Fifty pounds a-side are now deposited in
the hands of the atakelidder, Mt. James Soares; fifty pounds'
more to be made good on the 13th of March, instant, at John
kandsll's, Hole-in-the. Wall, Chancery-lane • ' a further deposit ofd,
two hundred pounds to be made good at Thomas Cribb's, on
Saturday, the Ist of May, and the whole to be made good at
Thomas Belcher's, Castle Tavern, Holborn, on the let June,
1824—the deposit% to he made good on the days before mentioned,
between the hours of eight and ten in the evening ; either party
failing to forfeit the deposit down.
The stage to be boarded with deals, not less than three inches
thick, without turf, and to be six feet from the ground, as in
Cribb's battle. The bottle-holders and seconds to retire to the
corners of the stage when the men are placed at the scratch,
every round, and to remain there till one or both of the men are
down.
The expenses of this stage to be paid equally between Langan
and Spring.
It is further agreed that when the whole of the money is made
good it shall be transferred to the hands of Mr. Jackson.
(Signed) THOMAS WINTER SPRING.
JOHN LANGAN.
T. WATSON, 1 Witnesses.
T. BELCHER, I
At some distance the stage was encircled by waggons,
forming au extensive ring ; these have been provided by
some or snore of the innkeepers, and the receipts are to
create the fund from which the sum offered for the art-to
to be at our good city of Chichester, is to come. Up to
a late hour yesterday all was expectation, and curiosity
was on tiptoe for the arrival of the men : and about eight
o'clock Spring arrived, and, with l'ribb and some other
friends, took up his quarters at the Swan Imo. In about
another hour Langan arrived, accompanied by Belcher,
harry Harmer, and a great big countryman of his, who
has been attending him in his training: they made the
Dolphin Inn their heatl quarters. Every one who bad not
seen either of the men, were now by every means in their
power making the attempt to get a peep at those they
seminal to rank among the wonders of nature. In this
attempt but few were gratified, the men both retiring to
rest at an early hour. The appearance of both Spring and
Langan is goal, and they both seemed in excellent condi-
tion, and high in spirits, and their courage by uo means
" With hand labour tame amid dull."
During the whole of last night the busy scene continued
to a certain extent, and mane of the professors of the art of
dieing, who have arrived is, Us, early in the evening corn-
of .
of their art, and that with no small

very heavy.
46. Two severe blows from Spring, and Langan again down.
47. Same as last.
48. Langan again thrown; he appeared oink. blind. Betting

20 to 1.
4g. Both staggering from weakness; Langan thrown.
611. Leingan showed real game. but was thrown.
el. A wonderful struggle for the throw, but Spring got it.
52. Langan received a bit on she had, which sort him down.
(.3. Langan rallied, but was hit down.
54. Langan could but just save time; he rushed on, and threw

Spring, -
eh. Every hanch made Lamm, n stagger; he again went down.
Langan reeclval dreadful blows, and bled in torrents. Again
Insorked down.
G. langan's manhood astonished every one. Spring again hit
hint severely, and knocked hint down.
Ml. Langan again knocked down.
a. Langan reivited a hit in the wind, and another on the kid-
neys, which sent him down.
111. Langan again thrown.
61. Langan staggered and went down.
62 and M. Again down.
6t. Langan down without a blow.—(" Shame! take the brave
fellow away.")
11.5. A close. A struggle at the rails, and, strange many. Langaa
threw Spring.
fill. Spring's hands appeared dreadfully swelled; they closed,
and after a manly struggle Langan was again knocked down.
fv. Spring stopped in line mil:, and then followed Lungsn over
the stage, and knocked hint down.
68. Langan staggered and fell.
69. Langan hit down with his bead against the rails.
78. Langan again down, without a chance.
71. The saute.
72. Langan could not stand.
--;ng fibbed Langan. and laid hint down—(" spring don't
" -- the cry.)
tan again, and pushed him down.—(Loud
brave fellow away !")
tgan was pitiable.
ti, and Langan went down.
mgan quite insensible.
one hour and SS minutes.
the first set in rounds, any odds wrc
and in the 11th round, Langan was 01,-
he scratch ; indeed the battle may
aided thus early ; for though the
come to lime till the 77th rountl, he could
,iiiikuist turn to the fight--hu wasknocked
svery round, and had nothisig like a
subject of surprise that he should hay •
so brig, when no possibility existed or
a moment the coolness and hate ealenva
