ALA RMINg FIRE.

A•twees eight and nine o'clock on Tuesday night the
neighbourhood...of Qaewahillse, was thrown
;ow the greatest consternation in consequence of • ins
being discovered in • iu the occupation of Mrs.Canae,
At No. it, which was entirely consumed. We found it ion.
ponds!• to ascertain the 'valentine of the tire, but the ire.
'wen frmi the different offices with whoa the parties were
insnred to ■ ennside►ahle amount, declared, after • rigid
nomination of the preys sea, that it moist have been the
act of some incendiary. The persons who lived in the house
went nut, it •rests, leaving considerable property on the
premises, and did Rot return until yesterday morning, wine
they were surprised to behold the houses heap id nous, cad
pt* rill fife say idea of the canoe.
.- • 14$ 4 k
bee it.,,

I,e, IROLAND• ,• d • f
*VC eat. 1,44,V..

• -A , 1.... DUMAN, JANUARY 25.
STATE OF THE COUNTRY.
We lament to state that very painful accounts
have been received boas the smith of Ireland since
oar hat. It is certain that an attack was made on
the Trulee mail on Thursday, and that the guard
and coachman having attempted to resist the assail.
ants were severely wounded. We annex what we
believe to be an authentic report of the transaction.
plunder appears to have been, as usual, the object
of the guilty and miserable wretches who perpe-
trated the uotrage.
On Thursday last, between one and two o'clock,
p. as. an attack was made on the mail coach which
has) left 'rosier that morning for the city of Cork.
On the arriv■l of the coach at a place, which is
mid-way between Mill-street and Macroom, it was
stopped by • numerous party of the peasantry, who,
to order to prevent the possibility of its advititce or
retreat, stabbed the leaders. The go rd instantly
discharged a blunderbuss at the insurgents, who, iu
return, fired a volley, which wounded the guard
dangerously, and the coachman mortally. The
peasantry then proceeded to rifle the coach of every
thing valuable, and after having secured their pion-
der, they destroyed the vehicle, by shattering it to
pieces. Sech was the alarm created in the city of
Coil: by the account of this event, that the mail
coach which should have started at vie o'clock in
the morning on Friday, for Trailer, did not leave
the city until nine o'clock, when a strong escort of
the military was seed with it.
The City of Dublin was inundated by rumours
yesterday. some
.of them of a very alarming closet
✓acier. We could not trace any of them, however,
to an authentic router, and as we know the dispo-
sition to exaggerate which prevails oa these ores-
alone, even when there may not be any evil motive
in existence, we refrain from detailing the reports
tee which we have alluded. We cats state on ues-
tdoubted authority that the Mill-street. Killartiey,
Tralee by-bags, and the Killarney and Trait,
bags for Dublin, are the only mail-baga missing.
We understand a gentleman of great respectabi-
lity, who was in the county of Cork, at the very
Peat of the disturbances, so lately as Friday last,
Rays, that the accounts of the their at Bontrve
which have appeared in the newspspera, are grossly
exaggerated, and that in particular the story of a
soldier's 'heed having been carried about on • pike,
in triumph by the country people, is wholly un-
founded.
On Friday a Privy Council was held at the Castle,
which was numerously attended, and at which the
Barony of Fermoy in the county of Cork, the
Parish of Garristown, county of Dublin, and the
Parishes of Arcath, Clonalvey, and Piercelown
tandy, and Bellewstown Hill, in the county of
.Meath, were proclaimed to be in • state of dis-
turbance. and to require an extraordinary establish-
meat of Police.

CORN EXCHANCR, JANUARY 30.

Having bet few buyers of Wheat al market this morehrg
sales were very heavy, but the Mile divas,/ of woo pt
*Nudity's prices for prime vampire i there was mit the least
'rvasawd for Inferior qualities of which the supply ibis week
irnieig correlated. A large cleverly of Barley, which re-
/zees'/ ever room bloeday's arrivals, wort exceedingly dull
ra it at a derriere of la. per quarter. The riat trade was
Jemmy, and rather Metope fur the inferior qualities. to
Veen and Warr there is au alteration.

On Saturday Norwich market was abundantly
supplied with coati of *II de►criptions, and wheats
were a little lower than le►t week ; barley and oats
remain pretty steady.--The Kood crop of turnips.
nod the fine open season. occasion a demand fur
lean cattle ; and there watt a plenteous supply, prin-
cipally of Scat.; several considerable purchases
were made. upon 'moderate teems. The pests alp")
were well filled. but the jobber* coniplaiu of very
low prices.

Monday afternoon, about four o'clock, the body
of the young Lady, drowned some weeks since
with her sweetheart, near Soathwark-bridge, was
!mind floating between Iron-gate and Tower-
stairs. It was conveyed 011 shore, and now hes at
the Tower birne-huutie. The body was in r state
of rapid decomposition, and her garments com-
pletely destr•,yed. She was known by the neck-
lace round her neck.

_

SOUTH El AMS
AGRICULTURAL MEETING..
•

A very numerous and highly respectable meeting
of the °wirers and Occupiers of Lauds in the !apt,-
lous and fertile district of the Smith Hams, in the
county of Devon. was held at the Lion Inn, in
Tomes, on the 16th instant, pursuant to • requisi-
tion generally advertised fur the occasion.
JAsPlilt PARROTT, Esq. of Dandridge, being
called to the Chair,
Mr. Conches hiecnst.moite, on behalf of the
requisitionist*, produced a Petition for the consider-
ation of the meeting, complaining of the existing
distress, stating the cause to be chiefly the heavy
taxation of the country ; calling upon Ministers for
economy—a diminution of the duties on various
articles of couseorptiou--and for further protecting
duties on the importation of foreign corn; and
pointiug out to the wisdom of the Legislature the
propriety of enforcing a coutiibution from the fend-
holder and manufacturer towards the maintenance
of the poor; and moved that such Petition be
adopted by the meeting.
Mr. THOMAS WHITIWAY seconded the motion.
Mr. F. B. Curt ma briny adverted to the mean of
agricultural distress, and shewed the fallacy of expect-
ing triter from any further protecting corn duties. In
an irohtruse &hi, and consequent overgrown taxa-
tion, might be found the real causes of the existing
alarming crisis. He recommended what he consi-
dered to he the only efficient remedies; an imme-
diate repeal of the imposts on various articles of
general use—the must unsparing retreuchnient and
economy in every deportment of the State .._—aad the
abolition of all sinecures. Any further importation
duties would be absurd. Whenever corn should
be imported from foreign countries, the burden of
such increased duties would fall on the consumer;
and therefore the effect of such imports would be
merely the shifting the burden of taxation from one
dem of society to another. There wits no doubt
but that the greater proportion of our present evils
1 might be truly traced to the defective state of
1 the Representation. It wee ruinouied that the
Ministers were about to attempt to renew a pro-
perty tax of two and a hdf per cent. How that
would relieve the landowners he was at a loss
to conceive. They would, in such case. be like
• man who, having fallen into the hands of thieves,
and having been robbed of his upper gar-
ments. on complaining to Iris tormentors of his dis-
tress, they, to relieve and comfort him, stripped
him to the skin. We were already taxed in every
parable shape and direction, nod strange relief
would additional taxation give. Should such •
pioperty tax be ;imposed, heiloped that the whole
of the landholders of the South Hums would conic
forward with renewed zeal to petition against the
adoption of such an hateful impost. Mr. Cunning
then proposed. as an amendment, a series of Reso-
lutions, and the following Petition. embodying the
priucipel subjects:—
" To the Honourable the Commons of the United
Kingdoms of Gest Britain and Ireland, is
- Parlu-
meal assembled:
• The humble Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers
of Lands residing in that district of the southern part of
Demo railed the booth Hams, wham omen are hereuuto
sabeitvibed,
Sheweth—That the afflicting distress threaghout the
district its which we reside has arrived at a frightful height,
sad is daily tacreasing to an alarming extent.
" That the progressive decline in the prier of all the pro.
deice of and consequent distress, is not owing to
over prudoetioo, bat to other eaasee—to sit overwhelming
burden of taxation, such as was never before eadured by
any country, which, consuming the capital of the farmer, bad
brought time greater proportion of the once indepesideat yro.
Emery to the brisk of ruin, sod which, without the most
speedy relief, will regime that invaluable body of men to a
mass a paupers. •
" That to make this relief effectual, we place our chief
relisace, out au furrier restrictions on the trade in corn, but
is having our agriculture, iu all its hearings, placed era as
advantageous a footing as that of the must favoured nations ;
sot to shifting the harden from sue class to another, bat iu
as immediate sad general reduction of taxation.
" Your Petitioorr•oherefore, pray year Hooo•rable Hoene
to grant every react arable relief toward, restoring our agri-
culture to • state of prosperity ' • and with this view to repeal
all taxes which pesos most heavily era the iedustry of she
country; especially those on malt, beer, mat, calm, salt, eau.
dies, soap, and leather—to abolish all immures—and to
practise the utmost economy and retrenchment in every de.
partinent of the State, frum the highs..t to the lowest office.
"That ,suirr Petitiouers ascribe theorigie sad progress of
the dreadful uslatnities we runiplaio of, in a great measure,
to the defective state of the Representation: they, there-
fore, further pray your Honourable House to institute an
early inquiry into the same, and to grant to the United
Kingdom a lull, fair, and fire Representation of the Poo.
plc to the Commons House of Parliament.
" And your Pelitioaers will ever pray," he.
GEORGE CARY, Esq. of Torr Abbey, seconded
the amendment.

R. W. NEWMAN. Esq. M.P. then addressed the
meeting st some length, on the various subject.
connected with agricultural distress.
The general iodination of the meeting appear-
ing in favour of Mr. Coming% amended Petition,
a deeultu►y conversation to •k place as to the ex-
pediency of a: mining the clause relative to P.alis-
Metrigry Reform ; sod as some few of the requisi-
Siooists appeared to think that the queetion of Re-
form had better be omitted, Mr. Michelniore offer-
ed to withdraw his Petition if the clause so objected
to were expunged, to which Mr. Court.% consent.
lug, for the purpose of ensuring toile unanimity,
the amended Petition was immediately adopted.
Mr. Cusittio then moved that the Petition should
be presented by Lord Ebringtriti and Mr. Newman.
Mr. CaILY seconded the motion.
• The thanks of the meeting were then severally
voted to R. W. Newman, Esq. and the Chairman,
after which the meeting Woke up,

A meeting of the farmers in the eastern division
of the Isle of Ely was held at the Lamb 100, in
Ely, on Thursday last, to take into consideration
the distressed state of agriculture. The ineetthg
was very respectably attended, and petitions to both
Houses of Parliament were agreed to and signed.
A statement was mode to the meeting by a Gentle.
man from Downbeat, near Ely, winch forcibly
*hews the impoverished state of that part of the
country. It appears that, within the last month, a
distress has been taken upon the overseers of Down.
brim for the cohisty rate ; the collectors hive beets
eschequered for the assessed tastes ; a tithe audit
has beets held. at which 9.lOths of the occupiers
west defaulters; the overseers have proceded against
20 individuals for the poor rates ; and some of the
principal occupiers iu the parish have absconded.

-

iiinommiM

zr4LY.

ON TOO ORIGIN Of Tin DRNASIIIIINT OP
•1' •* t NATIONAL SPIRIT IN ITALY.
"'tor,
• gran si 1%. Nay N.. Mg Mipubto."l

When we revert to the circumstances under which
Italy has beets moulded into its present misshapen
form, we shall perhaps cease to wonder at the de-
formity which the national character of the Nea-
politan has recently exhibited ; and we shall be
led to conclude, that the attitude he lately assum-
ed originated rather in the desperate intrigues of
• faction, than in that staid wisdom of genuine
patriotism which moves not without • deep calculi•
lion of the aids, resources, and alliances, whence
its efforts shall derive the assurance of success
in the end, and of support and renovation un-
der temporary miscarriages. This impression will
strike with the more furce when we contemplate the
divisions which have so. long enslaved and dens-
initialized the posterity of the illustrious Roman.—
In tracing our way through the continuous chain
of vicissitudes which marks Italian story, we shall
not fail to •aliscoeer the sinister causes that have
contributed to debase end extirpate all national
consanguinity between the distracted states of
Italy. In oar search for these causes, we mast
commence our inquiries with a remote period of
the Roman annals.
The maxim of transforming men in one day from
enemies into fellow-citizens, has been attributed to
the first of the Kings of Rome, whose necessities
early impressed upon her it. strengthening efficacy,
and prompted her to provide fur the safety of her
institutions by gradually interesting the whole ex-
tent of Italy in their preservation. The result of
this policy was, that, in the course of time, every
Italian) became entitled to participate in the ud.
ministration of her offal's; indeed, it put so com-
plete an end to the various distinctions of 4/unites.
Latins, allies, provincials, colonies, and municipal
towns, that, from the Vitro to the Arse, there was
not towd a single people which did not lay claim
to the Roman name. " All now are Romans,"
says Strabo, in speaking of the Dahill,: and Pliny
calls Italy " Items Donvirre," in the same way as
Rome first termed herself " the only Rome."

Montesquieu remarks, that this vrry system was
one of the causes which hastened the decay of Ito-
man power : yet I oust differ, and continue to
differ, from him on this point, until I am shown
what other expedient would have counteracted the
iriffuence of the great («hose gold drew over the
people to their aide, and would have rendered them
a ready footstool to dorniiiion and power), than the
course which enabled their adverraries to increase
the numbers of the voters in etch tribe, and to
counterbalance the corruption and portrait', pre.
relent among the venal citizens of Home, by ex-
tending the numerical quantity of the votes: this
very effect was inai.ted upon by Cicei• himself, in
the presence of Sylla, the dictator. Had such a
policy as this been pursued by the verious States of
Italy in the fourteetath end fifteenth ceuturieo, one
common interest would have united her whole ex-
tent, and rescued her from the ignominy of a fo-
reign yoke !
In the time of the Roman aecendeney. however
rent.re a corner of Italy might he the birth-place
of a Roman citizen, it had no effect in producing
any inequality of political rights; these he shared
in common with the native of Rome herself; nor
much less could lie be deemed (as prejudice at this
moment dictate.) a foreigner in his own country.—
The most exulted of all diguities, the consulship it-
'elf, was open to competition, eves. to the tenant of
the remotest confine of July. In their origin, there-
fore, her people were brethren ; for I would date the
origin of nations from that moment, when interest and
honour unite men as accordan: members of a single
body politic, mid varied bake of one common sys-
tem. It was monarchy which loosened throe links:
the emperors having parcelled out the privilege of
citizenship, with unsparing baud, ti a number of
province' beyond the froritiers of Italy, her cities
restricted themselves to their respective territories,
and preserving within thenerrlses a form of nisgi►-
tracy, modelled after that of Home, they assumed
the appellation of republics: here we find the title
of " kelps/Mem" characterizing the inseriptimis of
almost every city or town. Though this amain.
Stance may have esraped the anirquary's observa-
tion, yet trumberleas instancra can be adduced in
corroboration of its correctness.
These dismemberments facilitated the inroads of
the barbarians, by withering that national zeal in
which the surest bulwark of the public welfare
had hitherto consisted. The descendants of the
Scipio', the Brutus'. the Critsiue, the Pompey',
the Papirius', the Fabricius', were nu longer in
being; ►ome had migrated to Consteramople,
others had become extinct, whilst many had briskets
themselves to the clerical ranks and monastic
life; end the only vestige of liherty which remained,
was expiring in the empty 'migrant of as reuses,.
Under the Gotha, therefsire, Italy can scarcely be
*slit to have changed Its political eowlitiuta or cir-
cumstances. The wars which arose between the
Greeks and Goths, the discomfiture of the latter,
and the sudden incursion of the Lombard., gave
birth to the division of Italy into two parts. Romag-
na, the present kingdom of Naples, mord Istria, re-
mained under Grecian sway ; the rest of Italy tell to
the portion of the Lorubird.. This partitioe did net
otherwise affect the condition of the Indices, than
by affording those, who owned subjection to the
Greek►, a participation in the honours of the impe-
rial sceptre, which had been transferred to Consten-
tinople. Undeniable evidence of this may be
found in the records of Romagna. Naples,
and Istria, which speak of the Tribunes, Span or
Consuls, and other offices conferred on the nobles
of those provinces, et a time when the other regions
of l•aly were languishing in slavery under the
tyre iiiii cal yoke of the Lombard Dukes and Sove-
reigns. The establishment of Charlestiagne's em-
pire. however, united the whole country UileC more
under one h ..armoninus system.
Such was the state •f Italy during a lapse of
eleven centuries ; a period in which its present peo-
ple may at least &sower that . their ancestors con-
stituted one entire station, and that not one of them
ran an /t•lias, in a greater or less degree thao
another.

From this pe►iod • new era downs on lusty.
The remoteness of the lest of government, who►e

11111111111

Ell

=

l.ulerti were horn owlet another aky ; the weakness
of oast, sod the ignorance of many of them ; a spi-
rit of entrigee and conquest, et:unbiased •with that
fickleoes and treachery of faith, which is the chersc.
teristic of the purpled despot, whose weapon is force,
and whose whole code of laws is the mere interpreter
of his own caprice and selfishness; these were cir.
camstances which not only inspired the Italians
with the desire. but supplied them with the means,
of shaking off their lethargy. and kindling the
dormant spirit of liberty. A general movement
now impelled every city of its own accord to
rid itself of • yoke, which could adduce no
inherent right, but force alone for its origin, and
had at last become an insupportable burden. At
this period, some of the Italian cities, prompted
by a natural desire of rendering obedience to este.
Wished laws, and not to the capricious will of
others. erected themselves into republics ; or, more
properly speaking. returned to their former princi.
ples of government : whilst others, prompted by secu-
lar or ecclesiastical leaders, essayed the force of arms
against a foreign yoke. In this way some individuals
acquired sufficient power to become the sovereigns
and masters of their Dative cities; but other places
were true to themselves, and maintained their rank
as republics. IVliere debasement, eterninagy, and,
corruption predominated, there sovereign power re-
warded individual ambition ; but where the laws
were respected, where moderation and harmony
animated the public mind, were private in-
terests were cheerfully offered up on the altar
of the general good, there the republican form
obtaiued the proponderance. Happy had it been for
Italy if this common struggle for independerice had
been directed in one common end—the general wel-
fare of the whole cation ! But unfortunately the
machinations which were set on foot both by the
hierarchy and the Imperial government, instilled so
deadly a poison into the minds of their opponents,
that not only was city armed against city, but the
citizen against his fellow burgher, and the parent
against his own child. In this state of things, some
places, which had acquired wealth and influence by
their commerce and induatry, took a base advantage
of the weakness of their neighbours; nor did the
peace of Constance produce any better result. thou
that 'of fomenting such divisions as imperceptibly
prepared every city for its ruin, by the very means
through which it had hoped to escape it.

NAVAL INTHLLIGENCE.

PORTSMOUTH, JAllOllllllr
Arrived t►e Unity, Martin, from Oporto; Sisters, Bishop,
from the Demos fur Barbadors; sod New Albios,
from ditto fur Trieste.
Sailed the Vesta, Andrews, fur Pool; sad Nile, Davis, IN
Plymouth.

YLLMOUTII, JANUARY 118.
Failed the Priam Regent, Lodge, for Lisboa; itute,ri sod
Mary, Attwool. for Waterford ; Nimhlr, Gate; sea BUNS.
Moeda and Catberitte, Ructsen, fur Conk.

DC/IL, J•NOMILT *9.

Arrived sad soiled for the River the frofaigor,
from Africa Bore, Etunverson, frost Galipoli ariSeeptte,
Nieholson. rem Dublin.

Came (lowa from the River the Olive Breach. Kiwi. fir
the Cape of Good Hope; Heart', Quirk, foe Malta ;
liam, Carter, lat./cosies ; aid Bee, Wishael, fur Naples.
The two latter have soiled.

DARTNOOTII. JAIWARY Is.
Arrived the Elisabeth, 04eisbrae, from Camerae ror Hu-
burgh in 88 days, with loss or stanchroms, belwa►ks, boars,
and sails; two wee washed overboard, and use with bis leg
broken.

MILFORD, 811110Altlf rt.
A►rived Ike Voris, loses, (rum Bliolol for Liverpool. A.
43d iustani, in • fog, airsick on a rock Near i lie Holum
broke her keel, lac. Cargo discharging.

LYOD, JANUARY !R.
Puled Mermen so the tsih insolent the Arm-ries. ship
Louisa, Smith, 10.1 day. hum &nevi& fur Aeseteedame.

The Ratak ICiox. front Liverpool fur New York, pet info
Halifax on the 26th December with lima of foremast mad
very leaky.

M4RKETS.

PRICE OF LEATIIER.
Rut's, 50 to Mho. each 21.1 to 22.1 per M.
Ditto, 56 to allits each 22J to 24J
Dressing Hides 17.1 to 18.1
Fine Coach Hides .. lB.l to 191.1
Crop Hides 35 to 40150. at tutting 1714 to 18 d
Ditto 45 to SOlbs .. 181.1 to 20 .1
Calf Skies 3010 401bs 12.1 to 27.1
Ditto SO to 701ba 28.1 to 34.1
Ditto 70 to 8011.0 26.1 to t6d
%tall Seals (Greenland) lB.l to 20d
Lame ditto 151 to 18.1
Tamed Horse Hides l6l to 160
Splusish Horse H.des l6d to 22.1

PRICE OF POTATOES, /runs Jay. SI, to !mt. 26.
Quebec Shoos and Oastsblos, floor 4th to 601. per ton.
l'ha opium. from . 00... to 70s. •
Marsh Quebec.. and Shoos, from
Marsh Chauspiums, frost
RrJ Putators, Win Ma. to GU.
Yorkshire Kidurys, at.... .
Scotch Putators, from

WINES, I xelusiee of duty, 7..7d. per Okla.
Port,ld, per 138 goliouo 3Ol. to 48L
New, ditto ... 221. 10 33/.
I.ith.us, per pipe - 301. Is 341.
Ithotruira, per pipe of 110 vinous (East ludta). 45!. to 7W.
//berry, per butt

FOREIGN W(k)LS, per l:).
Spanish Sheep, Loners& 3r 6.1 a 4.
Segutia 3. Oil • 3s V.l
Soria 2s 64 a 3s 34
2. 3d st Od
Saliony,lst ss Rd a 7. 3.1
- 2.1 O,l • 5. 3d
Bohemia, hl ........ 4s a 7s 04
--2 d 3s 6.1 a 4s 6d

RAW HIDES.
&el Heifers &Steers, per st. Ontousty.. to Oil to Is 2d
Is LI to 3s 0.1 alarket Calf.. each 10s Od
iliddlior Is 4.1 to Is 6.1 Rug. Horse 0. OJ to Os Od

COAL MARKET, dattuasty 30.
Ships se Market. Ship. Said. Price.
87 Neweastls
19 isaidierlaa 4

Mot.d..y night twenty-five convicts. sentenced for
transportation, were conveyed horn Newgate in •
caravan to Shverness. Among them were Dsnis.
Prreeval, and Foley, the three desperate characters
that attempted to break prison on Saturday night.
The Clerical Almanack of France for 1822,
states the rionaber•of priests in actual employment
to be 35,286, of whom '14,870 are above 6o years
of age; 4, 156 have been ordained during the hist
year.

~ac

JIM

Mi•
