but the latter have become warlike and experienced from

the contests of three years, anti he fourth campaign it likely

t, close with the same results as those of the last three
summers. Russia, ender such circumstances, is begin.

ning to declare her views : a prejeet from her Ca-
binet, for the pacification of (;recce, has been circulated
for tonic time in Germany, and appeared within a few

days in the columns of a Paris Palter. This is the artful

and circuitous mode in which Russia discloses her policy,
when she cannot interfere directly. ApprcF.er.sion of a

league against her by the other powers, headed by Great
_ _ _

Britain, has hitherto averted a war with the Porte. But
this despotic power looks with the deelx•st jealousy to pos-

sible liberty in Greece, and the establishment of an inde-
pendent Christian Republic, whose activity would mono-
polise almost the whole trade of the Levant, and ultimately
shake tl:e Ottoman Dynasty to its foundations. The
Russian declaration states, " That the Emperor, after ef-
forts to destroy, in the South of Europe, the seeds of disor-
der, which had made such dangerous progress, thinks the
moment now arrived for attending to the means of pacifying
the East." "It becomes necessary," this paper adds, "to
put an end to the troubles which agitate Greece ; they pro-
duce results injurious to the commerce of Russia and the
Levant, paralysing the industry of a great part of the pro-
vinces of the Russian empire." Thus all the motives
avowed by Russia are merely selfish ; there is no consi-
deration evinced for the sufferings of the Greeks. Any '
commerce carried on in the Crimea or the southern pro-
vinces of Russia was principally conducted by Greek
colonists they have interested themselves warmly in
the struggle making by their nation against the barbarians
who have so long oppressed them, and have contributed
largely to its support. The trade of the Levant, from
which the Russian custom-houses derived large profit.,
must have been greatly diminished since the Greek war
commenced, and the neighbouring seas have been crowded
' by their cruisers and those of the Turk, and the avaricious
Russian betrays no other consideration. The plan this
Cabinet proposes, to close the contest and satisfy the
Christians, is to establish three Princ:palities on the Greek
Continent. The first to be composed of Thessaly, of
, &rode, and Attica, or Eastern Greece ; the second to coin-
prise the coast anciently belonging to Venice, Epirus, and
Acarnania, or Western Greece ; the third to comprehend the
Mores, to which might be joined the Isle of Caudia, or
Southern Greece--the islands to be subject to a municipal
regime, and governed nearly as they are at present ;
the three Principalities to be subject to the Porte,
the Greeks paying a settled tribute, and settled on
the Fame system as Moldavia, conquered in 1165, and
Wallachia in 1536, by the Moslem ; the Hospotlars,
Princes, and Divans to be all named by the Porte, aid
the Greeks to possess nothing but a hollow and delusise
independence. We can only say, that if the Christians
disarm, to enter into such a treaty as this, they must be
wretchedly advised indeed. What iz to save ..he Gr^eks
from the collected vengeance of their oppressors, should
they again consent to become tributary ? Have the de-
solated provinces Russia cites as an example, been saved
from the honors enacted there by the feeble protection of
any treaties, though strengthened by Russian intervention ?
No; the struggle has now gone too far for any arrange-
ment such as this. The breach between the Porte and the
Christians is irreparable. The Greeks have no alternative
remaining, but independence conquered by their own noble
efforts, or unmitigated slavery, and unrelenting vengeance
to be dealt them by their faithless and vindictive op-
pressors. If they hearken to the hollow councils of Russia,
their destruction is certain. The views of that ambitious
power are all selfish and unprincipled, having no object
whatever but her own aggrandisement.

Not less than five divisions took place last night on Mr.
Buxton's motion for going into a Committee on the Marine
Insurance Bill. The proposed measure was supported, on
the first division, only by a majority of four, 2.5 voting
against the Bill, and Q 9 for the Committee. Aldertnan
Thompson stated that there were 1,500 persons, of the
highest respectability, whose interests would be completely
ruined by the operation of the proposed Bill. 'fly:
worthy Alderman said that he believed the pretest systint
of marine insurance was the best that could be devisol•
He concluded by moving, as an amendment, that the :Ili:
be referred to it Select (loins:alum up stairs, to take e%
dence, and report on it to the House. Sir Francis I hutnann,:.
supported the amendment, which was lost on that -
aloft. Another division then took place on the motion
going into a Committee, which was carried by a majority
of 11. Sir Francis Ommanney then rose, and amid burs:,
of laughter moved, that the operation of the Bill shoal i
commence in the year of our Lord WOO. The Chairman
looked grave, and asked the Hon. Member if he seriously
persisted in pressing that a nendmcnt ? sir Francis rerli,!
in the affirmative, and declared, though he stood alone, b
would divide the House upon it. Shouts of laughttr
followed this declaration, and another division took place
on this new hegira of Sir Francis t /mmanney ; when, stran,T!
to say, 12 Members supported the proposition, while
S.
negatived it. A clause was then proposed, exemrtingl
the chartered Companies from the operation of tim
Act : 37 supported this clause, and lY only total against
it. Mr. Alderman Thompson subsequently proposed, that
the subscribers to the new Company should be liable to the
full amount of their fortunes. Mr. Iluskissou deciaively
