DUBLIN OAS LIGHT BILL.

The Dublin Da third time, and paused.
DUBL N LOCAL TAXATION.
The Earl of DARNLEY presented a petition from the inhabi-
tants of the parish of St. Mark, Dublin, praying to be relieved from
local taxation.—Laid on the Table.
ALIEN BILL.

Lord HOLLAND presented • petition from the corporation 0;
idoettnaham, to which he had the honour to belong, praying
that the Bill relative to Aliens might not pass into a law, as the
petitioners considered it a measure that would endanger the peace
sidle country, materially injure its commerce and manufactures,
an above all, they objected to it because it was subversive of the
jaiselples of the British constitution, because it intrusted arbitary
in the hands of individuals..—The petition was then laid on
tfa table.
The Earl of DARNLEY wished to know from the Noble Earl
(Bathurst) opposite, on what day the second reading of the Alien
WI would take place.
Dui BATHURST replied, that if the first Thursday after the
holidays was open, the second reading would probably take place
en that day.
LINEN DUTIES (IRELAND).

Lord CARBERRY presented several petitions from places in
&own& of Ireland, the names of which we could not learn, ray-
That the bounties on linens might be continued.—The peuuona
wets severally laid on the table.
CeIhOICIAI, SLAVERY.

.... -
Ur* BELHAVEN presented a petition from the Inhabitants
of Glaskow and its* icintty, praying for the gradual abolition
slavery is the West Ind;es.—Laid on the table.
NEWFOUNDLAND JUDICATURE BILL
Earl BATHURST, in moving the second reading of the BM
lee the better admilistration of Justice in Newfoundland, observed,
that press* the *hottest way would be, before he stated the ob-
jecte of the Bill then antler consideration, to point oat to their Lord.
ship what course was at present adopted in the administration of
„tortes in Newfoundland. (We lament that we can only give a
very lows aniline the Noble Earls remarks, fee be spoke in so
law • tone of voice elleneve few of his sentences were heard below
*mbar). We understood the Noble Secretary to say, that in the
year 1791 was.first established a court of judicature in Newfound-
laid, which was matter of septum, when it was considered that
the Island had been id possession of this country for 209 years, and
doting that time no court of judicature had been witablnhed until
the yew 1791, 4 had been the policy of this country to discourage
sedeseny fisheries, and on that account, until the yew 1791, the
acmes awaited was, that the first Captain who arrived oo the station
acted as Adibleal, the peat as Vice-Admiral, and the third as kw-
Admiral, upon whom the duties of the administration of justice
devolved, sebiect to the control of the Admiral on the station; and
it was more for the purpose of preventing sedentary Maim, than
for any other cause, that this arrangement took plow. In 1791
a aiminal as well as a civil court was established, and in that
eapretne court them was only one Judge, who wee Chief Justice.
-Ceases were tried before a jury in this court; but if a sufficient
number of jurors would not be found, two &seesaws weft appoioted
to sit with the Judge. and with him to decide upon the case. An
appeal from this wort was allowed in all cases that involved ppsraappnrr
to the amount of AC He must take that opportunity of g.,
that although it was thought right to alter the system. he had Dever
heard of officers in the navy abusing the powers that were vowed in
them. In the present plan it was proposed to peevide a Chief
Court of Jndieature in Newfoundland, with three Judges. one if
wtom was to be a Chief Jostice. It was at first intended to have
• barrister only for a Chief Justice, sad that was decided upon be-
cause a difficulty was contemplated M lading three barristars; but
In order to meet the wishes of the inhants, it had at length been
settled that the three Judges should balarristers. The Court was
to have a criminakand civil jurisdiction, as the Supreme Court had,
width it was inteoffied to abolish. The Vice-Admiralty Court was
also to be under the jurisdiction of the Judges, and it was intended
to abolish the Surrogate Court. There was also to be a Circuit
Court, NW which the Judges would preside. The Chief Juetise
wee to go one circuit, and the two other Judges to. go on the other.
Criminal cawn were to be tried on the circuit by a jury; civil woes
were not, as it was thought doubtful whether proper could
be procured to act as jurors in civil canoes, and thetafkts weeseors
wore to be appointed in those cases. Quartet &salon* were obo
to be established in different quarters of the island. 'Nye sohnoni-
anion of marriage was also contemplated by the &Awes of this
measure. in 1917 a Bill was brought in respecting the solemnize.
tlen of marriage, which had caused the greatest confusion. It was
clear that the Marriage Act did not extend to this bland; and
therefore it was proposed to repeal the Bill of 1017, end re-enact so
reach of it as would give dissenting ministers the privilege of so-
lemniring marriages. He believed in Newfoundland that a great
proportion i of the nhabitant* were Roman Catholics, and the new
Ell must be &minable to them. He trusted the measure would
be productive of great advantage to the island, and would then mew
that the Bill be read a second time.

The Earl or I)ARNLEY pia, Chu it the alterations then pro-
pow! by the Noble Earl had not been brought forward, he should
• have presented • petition en the subject. He was happy to bear
that the Trial by Any was to be established. The Noble Earl bad
omitted to state one point which he understood was contemplated,
and which he thought important. viz.:—that the Government was
so be assisted by sCounaa The Bill, however, generally met with
his approbation.
Lord HOLLAND thought it would be better if it wet* divided
L-tn two Bills.
Earl BATHURST said that might be done in the Committee.
The Bill was them read a second time, and ordered to be committed
OS Thursday, the Bth May.—Adjeumed.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, Tuzsimr, Aran. 13.

The Irbh Royal Mining Company Bill, after a few observations
from Mr. Dawson, Sir J. Newport, Sir H. Parnell, and Mr. D.
Oilbert, was read *wand time.
Sir J. NEWPORT brought in a Bill for incorporating an Irish
Mining Company.—Revel a first time.
Sir J. NEWPORT gave not.ce of a motion for the 18th of May,
illative to the church rates of Ireland.
- OIL GAS.

Mr. B. MARTIN presented& petition from Plymouth, in favour
et the Oil ()as Bill.
DUBLIN TOLL BILL.
Mr. S. RICE presented a petition from the noblemen, gentry,
a4d_ tnhabi•arts of the county of Dublin, against the Dublin Toll
ML—Laid on the table.

DUBLIN COAL BILL.

Mr. S. RICE prevented a petition, moat numerously and re-
apeaably signed, from the Freeholders of the city of Dublin,
krainiit the Dublin Coal Bill. The Honourable liendeman ob-
served, that the Bill was most unpopular in the city to which it
referred.

Mr. T. ELLIS raid, that his object in bringing the Bill before
the House w.ol, to remedy, the evils which he knew existed—The
petition was laid no the table.
Mr. KIRWAN presented a petition from the Ship-owners of
IVotkirgton against the Dublin Coal Bill. The Hon. Gentleman
observed, that both the buyer sod seller of coals were equally op-
? Ned .o the CM.
„Lori LOIVTIIER said, as far as he had been able to collect
opinions on the subject, the Bill appeared to be a good one.
Mr. S. RICE observed, that the people of Dublin had not been
consulted at ell on the subject. Although a great many petitions
bad been presented against it, there had not been ono laid before
see House is favour of it.

Mr. GRATTAN confirmed the Honourable Gentleman's state-

Sir J. NEWPORT said, he thought the House oeght to take
into eonsi;:erstion the petitions which were so numerously signed
egiAnst the

:Hr. KENNt:DI' said, he believed the extortions of the Magis-
awes of Dublin amounted to nearly twice the tax on the ankle.
He should give the Bill his moat decided opposition—Laid on the
-table.

-----
Mr. KIRWAN presented • similar petition from the port of
Herringoan.—Lrid on the table.
Mr. 'l'. ELLIS, in moving the second reading of the Dublin
Coal Bill, oburvcd that those connected with the coal trade had
made use of the most shameful system to impose upon the poor,
and put money into the pockets of certain individuals. The Mem.
bars of the Hon.*, those unconnected with Ireland,
might require to be told that the only Act by which the coal trade
of Dublin wit regulated originated with his di.tinguished prede.
castor, the late Member for the city. All the clauses which were
objectionable it was his (Mr. E.'s) intention to expunge from the
present Bill. and be thought that should be an inducement to the
Ron. Member for Limerick to allow it to go before a Committee.
This Bill would have the effect of limiting and not increasing the .
power of the Magistrates of Dublin. A, Hon. Member (Sir J.
Newport) hail stated hie belief that the object of the Kilt was to
legalise exaction. This was not the case, but its intention was of
a very different nature. Bit object was to secure fair anti honest
weight to the purehaser. But it was necessary to mate that there
was agree diffirence between the freedom of trade and the conttact
d trade. lie would contend that a regulated trade might be as free
as a trade could possibly be. In consequence of the custom of
mending coal by a number of small can, for sale to the poorer
classes, those people had no opportunity of ascertaining whether or
not they bad good coal or good weight. He was willing, if there
were say objectionable clause of any kind, to have them struck
out, but in the name of the city of Dublin he called upon the
House to consider the question.
Mr. GRATTAN said, that he must correct the Hon. Gentle-
man in an observation he had made relative to the late Mr. Urattan.
The Rill he peocorol for regulating the coal trade was far front
eying_ the summary powers which the present Bill would girt,
He (Mr. Grafton) contended that the Bill contained clauses which
would not he listened to in this country. The people of Dublin
write divided whether the coal might to be sold by weight or by
arm. Ile would therefore beg leave minim, that the Bill be read
• second time this day six months.
.%sr. DAWSON said, that the Bill was looked upon with the
greatest satithetion by the people of Dublin, where the poorer
c.asess were altogether at the merry of :rosin individuals. The
Ball of his lion. Friend wont to place the weight of coal under the
dieottiat of certain oaten, sod until this was dole the poor would
have no protection from the extortions of unprincipled factors.
:„:tr R. PARNELL said, that eve; clause in the Bill contained

sistralet, NA every rudesint a penalty: It was in his mind a
INN smessewe. and be should therefore oppose it.
Ik. PHiLLIPA mead, that the Bill proceeded upon a supposi-
tion that all the sellout end were rogues, and the buyers of them
has. /I e should therefore oppose the measure.
Mr. CURWEN said if the Bill of the Hon. and Learned
Elentlemen was the only means of redressing the grit% ances under
which the citizens of Dublin laboured, he should certainly rote for
the Bill, but as there was a Committee now sitting on Dubin
taxation be thought that would be a better plate to introduce the
proposed measure.
Lord LOWTHER said he should rote for the Bill zoing into
Committee, since it mitigated abuses which were on all hands ac-
knowledged.
Mr. R. SHA W said it would be only fair to allow the Bill to go
Into a Committee, since it certainly redressed much of the existing
abuse in thecae trade of Dublin.
Strangers were ordered to withdraw, and the House divided,
The numbers were—
For the Bill - . 54 j Against it -
Majority against the Bill . 13
A petition in favour of the Hammersmith bridge was presented,
which the Clerk was reading on our return to the gallery.
MESSAGE FROM THE LORDS.
A message from the Lords announced that their Lordships had
assented to the Ayr Gaol Bill, the Dublin Gas Company, and se-
veral other private bills.
WESTMINSTER OIL OAS BILL.
The Westminster Oil Gas Bill was read a second time, en the
motion of Mr. Alderman WOOD.
CITY ROAD BILL.
Mr. Alderman WOOD moved the Order of the Day for the
second reading of the City Road Bill.—The Bill was read a second
time.
• Mr. H. SIDINER presented a petition in favour of the Ham-
mersmith bridge, from the inhabitant,' of Richmond.
A similar petition was presented by Mr. WHITBREAD from
the inhabitants of Hammersmith.
Mr. BYNt.i presented a similar petition from the inhabitants of
Kensington.
Mr. BYNG moved the Order of the Day, for the second reading
of the Hammersmith Bridge Bill.
On the motion that the Bill should be now read,
Mr. Sergeant ONSLOW oontendol, that this bridge was an un-
tineesary expense. The Loarned,Sergeant entered into a history of
the rise and progress of the Hammersmith bridge. In the year
17115, it war a mere wooden bridge, and then, for the first time, it
was muted of stone. The present plan saved but a quarter of a
wile, and passed through most valuable property. He should move
ee In amendment, That this Bill should be read this day six
months:"
Mn HUME contended that the Bill ought to go into Committee,
and then the Ibis of liellbridlesh bold be compensated.
Mr. BYRES wadi aft appose going into Committee on this
Rill, if be could be reemvel dist some Intention existed of rompers-'
sating the proprietors of Peasiey head" for the loss they would
11110taill by the erection ef Thnientemodth bridge.
Lord LOWTHER sad, dm. hi use nit acquainted with
this part of the country, yet be des cenvimeed this bridge was a
East desirable inaproventent. Me shell* vase to the second read.
ing. He certainly did not eemmilve dist the prepteters of Putney
bridge were setitlid to soy maw esenpenadon, since It was the
extravagant tolls that they had elaaiswtatl, and obtained so lung,
that first originated the usensity of this
Mr. DENNISON &old Ms for Ike wend reeding of this
Bill, but certainly net for the roma' addgmel by the Noble Laid.
He should mite for this Bill. bosom he fit ths‘in
would
to rs
i tbe Fulham Maga,
_sompadestimi would be jeuesed
tir ttret,rirfre the leases they wane desidned to sustain.
Sir F. OMMANNEY ahead urtainly support the erection der
new bridge at Hanonersinith, and really if claims were tendered
far compensation, he knew met any one whose claim war more just
than his own. (A laugh.) In comeesticace of the dreadful nun.
gentry that prevailed at Putney bridge, one of his haw had
. suffered a considerable injury in the foot while passing over that
bet:LOCKHART abut redid the Bill going into Committee
until he knew that some esordeation was really intended to the
proprietors of Putney bridge.
Mr. CURTEIS eseesived that In the Committee alone they
ought te etterida she gentian of compensation, and he should most
unquestionably veep far ming into a Committee.
Mr. PELHAM supple- net die Dill.
Sir J. YORKE aka @disported it.
Mr. SYNC/ thought there could be no reason against going into
the Committee.

- 47

Sir J. GRA HA M considered the BE fraught with mischief, and
in mercy to speculating he implored the House not so
open the field for most Moses
itir J. SEBRIOHT *mite House of Commons were
not quite so well versed is dm AMINO advantages that individuals
expected &adobe/Med wise maistkell apical in such undertakings,
as the individuals dimwits', and shy Welt safely leave the public
to determine spas the jedidessama ofessh speculations.
Mr. H. BUM NERossmoded ire the Committee could alone en.
ter upon the subject of cosspesomisa.
Mr. Alderman WOOD andalpalsil anssiderable improvement
Gan the Hammersmith bridge is ths plaissty • nding it.
Mr. CROKER was surprimienlestrlbass th:Hon. Baronet (Sir
Graham), who bad so largely he Waterloo Bridge,
the argument that the new Hesesesomidt would not pay.
The Host. Baronet had ( Mr. ckaller). vey me •A to
his sorrow, to bIICIMP• a sod aptsulatoe in Wistel* Wye. (A
laugh.) He thought the Mdp proposed certainly very necessary,
and agreeing that *lwo • Committee iris the proper time to enter
upon the question at eampmeation, he should soppoet the second
reeding of the Bill.
Btrazigers were ordered to withdraw, but no division took place,
and we understand the Bill was read a *mood time, and ordered to
be committed.
SCOTCH COURTS OF LAW. _

Mr. KENNELif( fir; *;;;;Ctite Right Houi. Secretary (Mr.
Peel) two questions respecting the Commission appointed to pro.
teed to Scotland, to inquire into the stare of the Courts of Law.
He believed a report bad been presented by that Commission, and
he hoped that some legislative measure, founded on that valuable
report, would be brought before the House during the present
Session. He also wished to know, whether it was not intended to
put the report into the hands of the Members.
Mr. Secretary PEEL, in reply, stated that the report would
soon be distributed among the Members, and that immediately on
receiving the report, he had taken such steps as appeared to him
best calculated for the preparation sf a legislative measure. founded
on that report, which would at an early period be brought under
the consideration of Parliament.
