accounts of a hats dale flan Paris add, that they
had further fallen to 70f. 90c. This rapid fall, as
might be expected, has given vise to various ru-
mours and conjectures, and has produced some
effect even upon the state of our own market. It

is attributed by some to the diminished discounts
of the Batik of Paris, and to a run nn the funds by
the French Capitilibto, jeoldOs of Mr. B*RING's
success; but we conceive it can be ascribed amis.
facturily to the demand for specie necessary fur
'meeting the lint instalments of the contributions to
the Allied SuvereigoN The Bank Actions lutve also
fallen, and are now at 1;600 1. The King of Path-
‘3l• is Still iu Faris, where it is thought he will re-
main a few days longer to enjoy the pleasures of
that gay metropolis.

We have received German Papers of recent dates.
The 'Deputies of the Estates of the Ki►rgdo►o of
Hanover are required to meet it Hanover on the
tst day of December. A Representative Govern-
ment affords a presumption of liberty, lint nothing
can be more harrowing to a free mind than to see
a spew of liberty where none exists in reality : it
tends to deceive the vulgar gaze, but it only con-
ceals with greater certainty the loathsome form of
slavery, wl►ile it tends to confirm its authority.
The Rhatisla Mercury contains so extremely
severe decree, issued by the Ki►►g of PORTUGAL
against the Freemasons, dated from Santa Crux.
It declares that every Freemason who shall be ar-
rested, shall suffer death, di►d all his property be
confiscated to the State. This law extends to
foreigners within the doarinions of Portugal, as
well as to native subjects. It will be observed, that
iu this n►nst wise law, not a word is said of trial or
conviction, or how the " offe►►ce" may be defined,
but, if arrested, the unfortunate individual must
" suffer a cruel death !"

A Dutch Mail has arrived with Papers to the
Ist instant. The whole of the British trodps, it
is expected, will be embarked before the 15th
instant. Preparations are making at Brussels for a
grand entertainment to be given to the Emperor
of Manx and King of Pitusita on the 14th.—
The Duke of WELLINGTON has returned to A.

The report of the surrender of the PEISHWA to
General 111ALcimbt is confirmed by dispatches re-
ceived at the India House from Bombay. This
formidable Chief 111 to be conveyed to Bemires for
safe keeping.

It will be seen in our extracts from the Casette
of last night, that Parliament is further prorogued
to the 29th of Deceriber. In coa3pliance with a
good old custom, the Nobility and Gentry of tog-
ltmd are generally found about that time at their
country seats, dispensing the Christmas hospitalities
among their tenants and neighbours. A custom
productive of so much good should be encouraged,
■nd therefore we would regret its being broken in
upon by the actual meeting of Parliament on that
day. We therefore anticipate a further proroga-
tion, which is the more probable, as the present Pro-
clamation, using the meeting for the 49th of De-
cember, does not state for Me dispatch of boatmen,
a form used when au actual meeting is intended.

Our letter from Dover. dated November 2, Sate
—" Twenty-bur transports and other vessels arrived
here thi. day from Calais, and have landed in safety
e;000 troops of the 7th, 29d. and 43d Regiments,
with some horse artillery and Staff Officers."

An Inquest was held yesterday on the body
of the lamented Sir SAMUEL ROMILLY. A full
report of it is siren in soother part of our Paper.
It is useless to dwell upon the excellent qualities of
this inestimable man, as grounds for surprise at bit
melancholy fate. Their efficacy bad ceased under
the operation of cruel disease. Sir SAMUEL Ro-
to LLY, when he committed the act, was iu a state of
mental delirium. He was stiffering under • brain
fewer, produced by excessive grief and anxiety.
He was unconscious of crime at the time, and
GOD and the world will, we trust, judge him ac-
cordingly.

The Grand Jury were yesterday discharged at the
Old Bailey. The Foreman presented to the Court
a written address, iu which the Grand Jury re-
gretted the inefficacy of the executions for forgery,
and suggested that perhaps solitary imprisonment,
judiciously applied, would produce a more salutary
effect.

A rumour was very generally circulated last
evening of the QUEEN'S demise. The extremely
debilitated state of her Maisirres health has au
prepared the public wind fur this event, that the
intelligence of it would excite neither surprise t►ur
hesitation.

We believe we speak the unanimous voice of the
army whew we say, that they never wish uny nun to
be Commander-in.-Chief but a Prince of the
Blood. High and distinguirlied as the Duke of
WEt.t.tticeott stands in military renown, there are
Honey who think he has particular partuditinv,
which would render bin' floe less popular that' the
Duke of Ytax for that *lice ; and we firmly be-
lieve, that he himself would not be ambitious of it.

Atfitecnt.mtE.--Should the ensuing season
prove favourable, the crops of what may be eX.
peeled to be very plentiful, as greater breadths of
land have been wwu with that groin, owing to the
late bet vest being so soon taken ud. the ground.
