I', .

lets and banners waving from the windows of every hetteL lilt. I
livinnees head-quarters is the White Hart, from which a purple
and orange flag hangs out. having as a motto, " Sumner, the old
tudesendent 3lembcr for Surrey. Mr. I.lenison's flag, which is
@rouge owl light blue, appears at the window of the Crown, and
bears the words, `. Denison and Independence." Mr. Polluter's
(atom, wttich is purple and scarlet, if displayed from the window
of the ‘Viiite Lino, and bears the motto. " Polluter, the Friend
of the Poor." The eolinirs of the Candidates seem pretty emially
drawled; and from the processions which attended them to the
Town Hail. we should say that the number of their partisans were
noarly wens!. The state of the poll, however, at the end of three
or *AO days. may be calculated upon as a niuch better criterion.
Toe most interesting object of the day was the procession of Mr.
Holm. Sumner's ftiends. It was preceded by a full band, after
which came *bout thirty youths, in black velvet caps and white
jackets, decked with osolog and purple ribbons • then followed
shout the same number or *omen, also ornament:al with Mr.
Simmer's colours, and bearing in their hands large garlands. After
these followed a large body of Mr. Sumner's partisans, and in this
order the procession paraded the town.
At eleven o'clock this Jay the doom of the Town Hill were
thrown open, when a violent rush took place, and the building was
immediately tilled. 'The High Sheriff having with some difficulty
rate ins way to the Bench, accompanied by the candidates, and
such of their friends its had perseverance enough to make their
way, proclamation was made, and the Precept, with the Bribery
Act were read. . .

II (n al' DKr St Mown. Esq. the High Sheriff, then said, that RS
the freeholders had heard his aiejeste's Precept read for the election
of the Members to serve in Penh invent, it became his duty to
;retard the right* of the freeholdere ; he was therefore determined to
;4.4411 every Elector and every Candidate in the lull, fair. and
;v.. ',ad.e of his privilege of openly and menterruptedly ex-
pivoting his opinion. He should therefore retie ire eider and de-
...0wl to be preterite., in Court, particularly when any Freeholder
or Candidate whin-weed the Zia-Mrs.
s.r Ittensitti Fsentstoe then came fotl/11111, he said with
vest embarrassment, to propose to hie brother freeholders George
Dolree Sumner as a proper person to represent them in Parlia.
teem. He thought the country had some asaursnen more than his
were word that Mr. Sumner was a fit Representative, for that gen-
t:omen had served the county in four Parliaments, and was ready
w.d. willing to serve it again. He hoped the county wauld nut
totiebirge an old servant who had served it faithfully, but would
:one milliard and support him warmly. (Applause). Mr.
S .rsiner's character was known to them all ; he had been four times
aeproved of. and his past conduct was now his best recommends.
Ler. H. knew he was Incapable of doing justice to hit Honour-
&-de Friend's character, and should therefore refs tin front entering
ups. it. This much he might- say, how wee, that the man who
...eked to represent this county ought to be an independent end rest.
lets man these and sueli amen was his linnounible Friend. IA
ressoe in the crowd here called out, " Who wanted to prove the
Queens_.) Sir R. Frederick conthmed—Mr. Sumner had upheld
am all occasions the religion of his country, its King, its laws, its
..`terties, in short, the Constitution. In his commerce with the
c•estry be had done every thie.ts In his power to protect their pro.
perty, to improve the* inurslit, and to root out vice. Thanking
;'tent for their kind attention, therefore, be should conclude by pro.
Jong Mr. Sumner.
`lr. Vass Les BARCLAY (of London) said. that screw years
ago he seconded the nomination of his honoureble friend (Mr.
tem:Pier), and in no instance had that gentlemen's public conduct
g:ven him reason to regret the path he had taken. Thie great
county was one of a very peculiar description. it united persons
it igsged in commercial pursuits, and persons occupying land. It
was necessary therefore that its representatives shouhl weigh well
those circumstances which brought those great interest., into col.
eisioti. this Hon. Friend, he knew well, had given great attention
te the %object. He cos., well acquainted with the dependence of
tine of those greet interests upon the other, and that by doing ju-
t re or both, both must flourish. On this important point his Hon.
I.r.end hail discharged his duty in a manner satisfactory to all
inieues. He now came again before the electors to ask for a re.
newel of the trust they before confided in him. The electors would
he %Inherited by any other feeling but a political one. This county
was never governed by rich, high, and noble families, es other court-
tree Lad been. No man could claim to represent the county of
S.atey except on hie principles, his private virtuee, and his public
teueluct. Let them search where they Veen, dthey would hnd no
'.13.4 MINI independent than hie lion. riend. (Applause) lie
was generally a supporter of .Ministers, but on various occasions
he "Noosed ectravagent grant.' and unnecessary expenses. Ile de.
tied any freeholder to say that Mr. Sumner himself, or any one of
r• a family. bad ever benefited by the power intrusted to him,
thathe had ever sacrificed the rights or interest of his consti.
teente for any pecuniary interest of Ms own. This be could boast,
telegli it was well known he might have had almost any thing he
w.eled. There were many questions exciting popular feeling, on
,etch h:s Hon. Friend was called upon to rote, and did he ever
&mink (min the expression of hi* amnions or the reasons which
g..uted him in forming those eminicnite This was the 111.111 to be
ts.l4ted. (Applause.) As a Magistrate Mr. mitoner was al ways
r • ely to leave the repose of his house to 'Recharge magisterial
wetter. On every occasion he wag found at his post ; active, intel-
Liggett...and independent. He felt lie was taking no time miaow/.
earn/ bespeaking thug of a man known to the county for twenty
years, and who had been returned four times. Ile hoped the
t•runty would again retort their late Alembere--thuee two stem.
hers whose condom was known to them ; anti although he differed
with both those Hun. Gentlemen on many question, he might say,
IswAtlle he did feel, that electors could safely tenet their interests
or. those Hon. Gentlemen's hands. It appeared, however, that this
was nut the universal feeling throughout the county. Sums persons
had thought it to invite one, whom he was bound to cell a most
respectable gentleman to stand forward. (Applause.) lie knew that
gontleinune and would say that no man was more amiable in private
ere. He had gained the esteem of all around him, and he believed
no ere that knew him could fail to appreciate his talent for public
bsulteasotnel his benevolence in private life. But whilst he ad.
ratted all these qualifications, he could net avoid regretting ex-
treme:y that that most respectable gentleman had been induced
to Wane forward. indeed he did not know on what grounds the
Ron. Gentleman came forward. lie had not declared his senti-
ments on any great question of civil oe domestic polity, and this
etiolate had never returned any Member on private interest. Ile
waited with sonic anxiety to hear the grounds on which Mr. Pall-
iser was brought forward. It was well known the opposition was
ro itt Hon. J.:nem! (Mr. Sumner), but he wished to know Isrecisely
writ waathe difference of opinion between his Hon. Friend and
e‘tr. Fullmer. There was a slight Sliatie of difference between the
eolours of the candidates. a difference in the orange. it would seem
—.a laugh)—but he had to learn what was the difference between
tee diode of their pulitice. He (Mr. Barclay) had a seat in the
mote of Cotninoitsciehen Air. Kilmer sat there, and he remember.
to diet the Hon. Cent. supported Government. Every man was
cued inlependent, and called 'lime& so when he came forward
a, J Candidate. •Every Candidate. ton, talked of measures and not
meet, but nevertheless. ever,/ Candidate had his bias; and it became
u. r non who stood forward to represent a county to avow his opt-
openly and• manfully. If the lion. Gentleman (Mr. Pall-
t:. el, was a friend to Government, he could tell him diat lie Thad
doers Government irreparable injury, by dividing she Government
puree ha this county. lie understood it was whispered that Alr.
eemseinet on some periicularcimumetance in the county, was die.
seoetived of ; be would nut enter upon this matter, but would ear-
-4.4 request them not to go into private matters with is Represon.
tenet: who had served them for twenty years. In the course of
esca a long service: having to decide upon to many public ques-
te let, a man must necessarily have offended many. Mr. Sumner
t,erha?s lied done so, but it was not on particular cases, it was on
his general conduct a man should be judged ; and could it be denied
toga his Hon. Friend had performed his duty with credit to him.
ae.f and benefit to his country. Ile trusted that the Freeholders
cis usirrey would never desert their old and trim servant, and that
ttt-y would not carry into public their private feelings and =liana.
twa. He hoped to pee the old Members carried through triumph.
Rutty. and if the lion. Gentleman, upon seeing this feeling
roattifested, would withdraw from the contest, he would merit the
regard of the county, in addition to the esteem of his own neigh.
too -184.4. which be. already immeteneed. Mr. Barclay concluded
amidst loud applause, by seconding the nomination of dlr. Sumner.
Ilesrae Per in rising to propose alr.leenbion, observed
cost bar Hon. Friend had not been so long in the service of the county
as Mr. Sumner, but he heel been long enough to prove that he
r:::.seal arid ability which was never summed. and that if
:Limit'. he woubl discharge his parliamentary ditties as lie
he had lutheno done, to the satisfaction of ell parties. He was not
accustomed to public speaking, sad eitould therefore. without
Nether obeerystion, pmpoes al T. Denison as a tit and proper per-
son to serve In Parliament.
Mr. JOIIN LEACH said that Mr. Denison was web known 'to
the comity, and a inure honourable and independent man that
(ensue/ pM nm produce. (Applause.) He had always supported
dues prpossie foe the reduction of tsars which pressed so heavily
ti-at the Administration found it impoesible to carry fully into
edect those 111011141tif which were necessary for the advancement of
ti e country. .Such were the measures of free troeie, which every
bberal man taus approve, but which the Ministry could not carry
fulls into effect because we were shackled by taxes. As to Air.
omaner, he believed him to be perfectly honest and independent,
trnagh he differed from him on many important question*. Ile
tecught he was deserving of thanks for his conduct on ihe (torn
Leas. Ile nimirted the gonnal principle that the trade in corn
ought to he free like all other trades, but farmers ought to have
eame profit, and poor rate. and tithes pressed especially on them.
lie would ask the occupiers of land whether, with the present high
riots as they were called, their pockets were overflosingl He
wwbed to see corn low, but before it fell he wished to see the taxes
smith pressed on the agriculturist reduced. ( A pplautte.) in con-
deltas, he believed in hit conscience that dir. Denison was a man
MONS nothing could induce to do wrorg, or to vote fur what
le conceived would he dieadventageoue. On this principle he nip-
ported hunt, and he hoped his (needs who were present would give
Irian the appearance of what they meant to do in reality, by hold.
leg up their hands for hum when invited to do so by the High
Bailiff. (Applause.)
BataCOV. then role to propene air. Pallmer, and in doing
so earnestly disclaimed all private motives In the part lie had
Wirt. (The Hon. Gentlemen here stretched out his hands both
to Mr. Sumner and Mr. Denison, end shook them most heartily.)
(Meek !sus/leer.) As private motives were alluded to, he thought
it necessary thus torn his heart to disclaim them. But it had been
wad that the two Members who were before returned should be
again returned. Now he did not see the principle of such a doe-
vies. Ilis Hon. Frieswl (Mr. Pallmer) did not stand torth in op.
poNnem to either of else lion. Gentlemen, but the course was clear,
grid alt etoed on equal grounds. Surely it would not be said then
Lamest a Gentleman was resumed once. he should be returned to

every future occasion, or that the representation of a great county
should descend as an heir-loom in particular families. (Applause
and hisses.) At present the cnunty of Surrey wee • nonentity in
Parliament. One or its Members voted one way on all er at pub-
lic questions, and the other another way ; their votes destroyed
each other ; and surely such a system should not be perpetuated. '
The present occasion was mint important. and in exercieing the
privilege which now devolved on she freeholders, it was their duty
to consider well the part which their late Members had taken on all
public question's. Foe hie own part, he was determined to take notes
of the votes and speeches of she County Members in the Commons.
Mr. Palmer was no well known to the Electors of Surrey that it
was unnecessary to enter into his elutrarter. His ability. as well
as his principles., peculiarly qualified him to represent this great
county. He considered his property arid his personal services a
trust confided in him for the benefit of his constituent+. Eli, votes
in Parliament would be perfectly independent. ll e would support
Ministers if he believed the measures they proposed beneficial to
the country.
A ruetic Meteor here demanded whether Mr. Palliner would
vote for the revision of the Corn Laws?
Mr. lintscor said he would advert to that subject presently.
The Hintz Su re:ire said that every Elector should have an
opportunity of being heard, but that no one could be permitted to
,interrupt the speaker.
Mr. Batseoe resumed. He thought that the country could not
go on without some alteration being made in the Corn Laws. If
the taxes pressed peculiarly on the agriculturist, the agriculturist
should be protected to that extent, but no farther; but lie was yet
at a loss to know what taxes reseed on the agricultural interest
tbmodial not also press, either directly or indirectly, on the other
int • rests. If it could
.se proved, however, that any imposts bore
especially on the farmer, the principle was most clear that be
elionld be allowed a fair protecting duty. After entering upon
various subjects of general policy at sonic length, the Hon. Gen-
lemon concluded by recommending Mr. Palmer as a fit and
proper person to represent thew in Parliament.
Mr. Elyse ear seconded the nomination of Mr. Palmer, without
observation.

Mr. TROW cps then addrcs.eil the freeholders. He said they
were called upon to abandon their painciples—to abandon the
Representatives of whose conduct they bail esperienee, without
any case being made out against them, and all for a new friend_
When speaking of this new friend, he mutt say. that bad there
been a vacancy in the county, there was no man to whom lie
would hare sooner even his ardent support, but be saw no reason
for preferring him to the late Members. He supposed that some
mysterious enigma would come out, bat there was nettling stated
to show the superiority of Mr. Pallater's claim!, although Mr.
Driseoe had DITIU•Wit the freeholders with a very glare andleagthy
dissertation on the (am haws. But was this a reason why, after
a long and stormy life, they should shipwreck their old Representa-
tives on the ocean? They had two honest and hearty Represents-
tires, and there was therefore nu vacancy. It wu said the two
late Members were of different poliikal principles ; so much the
betters the manly was not unanimous, and by this glorious com-
runilee erery man in the con sty might be said to be represented.
It wan said that Mr. Palmer was atainst further concessions to
the Catholics ; so W4lluue of the old Members (Mr. H. Sumner).
Again, it was said that Mr. Palltner was in favour of an alteration
of the Corer taws; so was the other of the late Members, Mr.
Denison. Where then were the grounds upon which Mr. Palmer
was to he preferred? If the late Member,. voted together, it was
said the County would hare greater a:rength, but what would be
strengli in Parliament would he weakness to their own hearts.
tie trusted this day would be an epoch In the eleetions of the
minty. On public principle he should vote fur the two late
Members.

Mr. Hot.ler SUMNER then presented himself, and was received
with mixed applause and disapprobation. He said, that after the
obligations which tie lay under for so many years to the freeholders
of the county of Surrey, it was not to be wondered at that he felt
the most grateful sensations when he came forward to address
them. They thought him for twenty long years a person worthy
of the most sacred and important trust which a body of men could
confide in an individual. Their properties, and even their lives,
as Yawed by the laws, depended in a great degree on those per-
sons they sent into Parliament. Whatever should be the issue of
that contest in which he found himself so unexpectedly involved,
the confidence placed in him by the electors of Surrey would fur
ever Impress on his mind the deepest feeling of gratitude. (The
Honourable Gentleman was here affected almost to tears.) Ile
had been six times returned from that hall to Parliament,
and on many occasions his conduct had met with the
moat flattering acquiescence in all parts of the county. Hut flat-
tering as this was, he confessed he never felt more pride than he
had this day, when he observed the appearance which the town of
Guildford presented. That town was used to be divided, but now he
saw it united in his favour. When the contest ceased to be local
the inhabitants of Guildford espoused his cause. His lion. Friend
(Mr. Barclay), who watched the proceedings in the House of Cum.
mons, and had an opportuniu of observing his (Mr. Stunner's)
conduct to private life, recommended him to the electors as an
hafiest man. He wished no higher eulogy, for "to be honest as
this world went, was to be one man picked out of ten thousand."
When he first presented himself to the electors of Surrey, he re.
fused to pledge himself to any particular line of politics. It was
a practice, but he always thought it an unconstitutional practice, to
ask candidates to pledge themselves to any particular line of con-
duct. He had always said, " I will not go into Parliament with
my hands tied-1 will go perfectly free, or I will not go at all."
Well, there were many occasions on which he differed from a por-
tion of his constituents, and their disapprobation was expressed it,
no very measured terms. A another person, with different princi-
ples, would In these instances have yielded to clamours. He would
have said, " This is clamour, but If Ido not comply with it I
shall be turned out." lie (Mt. H. Sumner) had never bent to
Government within doors, nor to tumult without. When a Mem-
' bee did 1.9 his seat ceased to be an honour, and became a degrada-
tion. (Applause.) No man would dare to say he had ever
prostituted himself in this way. There were three great
questions now agitating the public mind, upon which, in his
opinion. every Candidate had a right to declare himself.
These were the Catholic Question. the Can Laws, and Negro
Slavery. As to the first, it wax a wide field, and he did not mean
to enter far into it. He leemed it most manly at once summarily
to state that he could never vote for an extension of privilege to the
Roman Catholics, because the Protestant religion was made a part
of the Constitution by the glorious revolution of 1688. To re.
neat the language of the brightest luminary of the law at the Pitt
dinner, he did not want to make religion political, but to render
the civil institutions of the country religious. This was his creed—
the Church and State were united, and he could never consent to
any thing which would sever than, no more than he should con-
sent to give up the trial by jury, the Habeas Corpus Act, or any
of the most sacred guards of the Constitution. He understood
that his conduct on the Cern Laws had excited much displeasure in
the cistern part of the county, where large capitals were invested
in manufactures and commerce. He was 'sorry to have brought
upon himself the displeasure of any part of his constituents, but
no honest man could hope to please everybody. (Applause.) At
this end of the county, where the inhabitants were chiefly engaged
in agriculture, his conduct was very generally appmvett; but if
he Onl not believe the measures he supported Fenetallv beneficial,
he would nut advocate them, whatever the opinion of his consul-
turnip might be. Hie opinion Iris, that the arguments in favour of
a free trade in c urn were erne, as arguments ; but the question
was, whether they were applicable? If he wet, the Chief Ma-
gistrate of a new country, be should consider those arguments
extremely well worth attention, but circumstances militated
against the operation of such doctrines in this country. This
question was brought to the notice of the House of Commons when
the shipping interest was under discussion. Ministry' then said
to the Hon. Member for Taunton, who opposed them, " Why
this is. all your doing, you asked us fur a tree trade." " Yes,"
said the Hon. 31ember, " 1 asked fora free trade, but I said you
should first take off the taxes." Now he (Mr. Sumner) coincided
• -
with this argument. If the country was brought to something
like an original state, by taking off the taxes, he would say, by
all means let us have a free trade in corn. Until this was
effected, however, he did not perceive that the country generally
would gain much by a fall in the price of grain. When grain
was high the ecuntry was prosperous ; but in 1818 awl 1917, when
the price of corn fell, the shopkeepers were standing idle at their
doors, and when the farmers' waggons were passing through they
went without taking back any thing to the mistress, a phrase
which his Surrey friends well knew to be synonimous with that
of wife. When this was the effect of low prices, he could not
help reprobating the idiotism (so he must call it) of those who
refused to be guided by experience. The country had risen to a
state of unexampled prosperity under the old system, and yet
theorists and philosophers succeeded in persuading many that we
were going wrung, and ought to commence a new system. He
hoped, However, that the country would hot be led away by such
idle theories, but that it would long continue to enjoy the prospe-
rity it had attained under the old system. As to Negro niavery,
he :bought it was an indelible disgrace that such a system should
be reared in this country. However. that was the fault of
the logislatori, widen had encouraged the investment of capi-
tal to a prodigious amount and it ass not justice to destroy
that capital, which was invesied by individuals on the faith of Go-
vernment. Rut moat as he regretted the existence of this system,
brighter days lie believed had dawned, and that the ultimate moan-
eipation of the negroes was obstructed by the anxious solicitude of
the abolitionists. lie saw his lion. Friend the High Sheriff shook
his head at this, but it was nevertheless the fact. Precipitate mea-
sures for the abolition of slavery, lie thought, must be attended with
the loss of life to all the whites in the 'll'est Indies. and then what
would be the state of the negroes ? One half of the slaves would rise
and destroy the other half, and then what a state would the sur-
vivors be left in, without clothes or maintenance, or the protection
of a master. His opirdon was, that the negvoes should be prepared
for emancipation by the acquirement of !whits of industry, and by
the effect* of motel culture. This opinion he held upon perfectly
independent grounds. lie I had no connexion whatever with the
West Indies, and his sentiments on this suliject were only diested
he his general views. On all occasions of his public life, whether
in the relation of a Magistrate or a Member of Parliament, lie de-'
lied any one tosay that he ever allowed anything to stand In the'
way ut his public duty. AR a public servant, therefore, lie thought
what every lust men exercised in Ilia own family was due to him.
Vu man tamed off a groom boy without having some charge
against and ifan old and tried servant was diseltaried without
a reasonable cause, the disgrace 'Wrote). enact reeniled front die ser-
vant anti tell upon his master. Now, he claimed the sane measure
of
_pumice fur the public steward which every man dealt out In pi.
vale life. if his conduct rendered him unworthy of confidence lie
deserved to be turned off, and he slinuld submit to the censure of
his constituents; but if he did not deserve censure, let him not be ,
turned away. The Hon. Gent. concluded his speech amidst mingled

THE BRITISH PRESS.

applause and Nimes. Ile was interrupted frequently in the mune
of it by cries of " No Corn hews," " No treed.utill," " No red.
herrings."
l'. DEN:sox then came forward, and was received with loud
acelatnations. He returned thank, for the kind feeling displayed
towards hint, and said, if lie did not sufficiently express his grail.
rude, it must be from went of utterance rather than want of heart.
He now came forward to return to the county the trust with which
he ass honoured. This was to him an awful occasion ; to the free-
holders it was an opportunity for increasing the greatest privtlite
that could be exercised by the people of a free country. These
privileges, which the freeholders insseaxed, were won in menysi
stormy debate, and many a sanguine fielti, and the manner in
which the freeholders of Surrey had that day exercised their privi-
lsge, and the nuention with which they heard every one that att.
dressed them, showed them worthy of their privileges, and made.
I feel pride, in being a British subject and a freeholder of
Surrey. (Applause.) Ile had originally come forward to demand
the suffrages of the freeholder% of Surrey on the ground of
public principles. He now came forward on precisely the same
ground ; by his principles he was determined to stand or fall. He
defied any freeholder to say that he had ever deceived him. He
hail openly avowed his principles, whether they were right or
wrong, and had always acted upon them. The lion. Gentleman
(Mr. Briscoe) said he resolved to keep a register of the votes of his
Representatives. He (Mr. Denison) had kept such a register of
hit own votes. (A laugh.) Ile could give an account of his votes,
and would willingly allow the Hon. Gentleman to see his register.
(Applause and laughter.) Ile was perfectly serious lie had hie
register about him. (Mr. Donlan here drew forth a large manu-
script book.) In ;bin book, he said, was inserted every vote which
he bad given front taking his seat ill Parliament. • The first vote he
gave was on his Noble Friend ([Aril J. Russell's) motion for an in-
quiry into the state of the Civil List, and the last was on his [lon.
and hemmed Friend's (Mr. Brougham) motion upon slavery. He
was prevented from attending the House by a severe fit of the gout
subsequently during the Session. But he had the register, and
would chew his list and explain his votes to Mr. Briscoe, or any
other freeholder that did hint the honour of coming to him. He came
forward, therefore, to the present' of the freeholders, saying, if he
had beached any pledge, or failed in any promise, and did not stand
firmly to his principles, lie ought not to be returned. As to the ques-
tion of the Corn Laws, his opinion was that the manufacturer should
not be relieved at the expense of the agriculturist. The interests of
both classes were inseparable. If the manufacturer failed, who would
buy the produce of the land ? and, on the other hand, if the farmer
did not pay for the labour of the manufacturer, who would con..
acme his labours ? In fact the two clams were joined by the links
of nature and of Providence, and all the efforts of man would fail
to sever those links. To go through his votes. In all measures for the
repeal of taxes, his name would be found in the minority. Ile al-
ways advocated retrenchment, when it could be effected without
breaking faith with the public creditor. He had voted on man
subjects for Ministers. It was well known that Mr. Canning, with
his great eloquence and splendid talents, would never have broken
the shackles of the Holy Alliance, but for the support he received
at that side of the House at which he (Mr. Denison) sat. The
principles he supported were those which made England a refuge
for the afflicted, and the polar star of every; country to look to
for refuge and protection. These it WA' that brought back
England to what it was in the palmy days of Elizabeth, when the
Low Countries revolted from the tyranny of Spain, or to the times of
the third %Villiain. when embattled Europe fought against the power
of Louis XIV'. of France. Ile had always voted for moderate re-
nnin, and for 30 years he had been the uniform friend of the aboli-
tion of slavery. Ile attributed the little progress which was made
towards this derirahle object, not like his lien. Friend (Mr.:Sumner)
to the over.seal of the abolitionists, but to the unnecessary opposl.
don which the Brest India Legislatures had given to the resolutions
of the Howled Commons. Ile admitted, however, that an imme-
diate emancipation of the negroes was not desirable. Mr. Canning
had said that it would give power to those who already possessed
the force of giants and the minds of infants. He agreed with his
lion. Friend, that the emancipation should begin with the mind,
and that respect should be paid to private property. As to Clt-
tho;ic Emancipation, he knew that it was a question which hail
lost hint the good opinion of many of his constituents in some
parts of the county. This he sincerely regretted; but he had
acted conscientiously. Ile had voted within the last year on
two questions connected with this subject. The first vote was
a proposal to pay the Catholic Clergy, to which he had given !
a decided negative. Ile was willing to tolerate all re-
ligions, but he could not consent to pay any other church
but one, and that one was the Established Church. (Applause.)
But though a friend to toleration, and an enemy to exclusion, if
any one thought he approved of the doctrines of Catholicism, he had
been mistaken. If he approved of auricular confession and transub-
stantiation, or of many of the political principles which the Catho.
tics had exercised, and which stained their annals with blood, he
would be fitter for a cell in Bedlam than to represent the county of
Surety in Parliament. What he voted for was to admit, at the out.
able. from 10 to 12 Catholic Peers, and from 20 to 30 Catholic
Commoners into Parliament, if so many could get in. This vote
he had given, that every British subject had a right to worship God
in his own way. He thought this measure would tranquillize Ire-
land, and add to the security of England. So far from believing
it to he an injury to the Established Church, he thought it would
diminish its enemies. lie was always an ardent supporter of the
rights of the Established Church ; that Church he thought steered
clear of both extremes. It was alike free front the tinsel of Catho-
licism and the gloom of Calvinism. (Applause.) No power should
ever induce him to support any measure which he conceived would
injure this venerable establishment. If he had erred in his vote On
this great question, it was an error of the head rather than the heart,
and he had erred in einnumn whit some of the most eminent indi-
viduals in the country. Of these he 'need only mention the names
of Mr. Canning, Mr. Fox, and Mr. Burke, who wire all in favour
of Catholic Emancipation. Now, with respect to the Corn haws, he
was of opinion that there should be a revision of them. At time same
time he admitted that the farmer was fairly entitled to protection,
as tithes, poors' tatea, and parochial assessments, pressed peculiarly
on him. He thought, therefore, that there should be a free impor-
tation of corn, with a duty sufficient to leave the farmer harmless,
and compensate him for the burdens he bore front which other classes
were exempt. As to his late colleague, although he differed with him
on public measures, when they came together to consult on local
matters. all tliffertnce ceased, and the only emulation between
them had been who could best
Of his Hon. Friend (Mr. Sumner) he might be allowed to say',
in sincerity, that he was a man who on no occasion would bow
to people nor to Ministera. In conclusion, if they again did him
the honour of electing him, his attention to their interests should
be unremitting. lie would follow no man's standard—he would
consult his constituents' interest and his own understanding, and
give his best attention to all questions of importance. Ile could not
conclude without contradicting, in the most unqualified manner, the
report which had gone abroad, that a coalition was entered into
between him and his Hon. Friend. For his own part, he had
never presumed to ask any of his friends for their second votes :
he only said, " (live me one of your votes," and left thechoice of
their second Representative entirely to themselves. This was his
feeling; for, with every respect for the other Candidates, on public
grounds, and on public grounds alone, lie was averse to a coalition
with either of them, and would never consent to it. The Hon.
Gentleman concluded amidst very general applause, which lasted
for several minutes,

Dl r. PAII.C.HER then presehtedbitneelf, and was received with's!).
plsuse. He said he felt overwhelmed and oppressed with the (lA-
culty of his situation. If he imagined the course lie thought it his
duty to pursue was calculated to disturb the peace of the county,
and that it was so considered, even it he was returned he should
regret his success. If he had broken clown the fence of confidence
which surrounded the late Member', he did so at the risk of break-
ing down a scheme of retirement which lie fondly planned, and of
leaving the happiest private circle in which a scan had ever the
blessing of moving. (Applause.) He was willing to admit that
the other candidates were his superiors in talent, wealth, and conse-
quence, and he went still further, and conceded that lie had no pre-
tension to represent the county. In fact his heart recoiled front the
task he had undertaken. When he solicited the votes of the elec-
tors, he was not stimulated by ambition, either by that honest
ambition which some had called " the glorious faults of angels and
of gods," or that vicious species which some had perhaps more
justly characterized as the offspring of pride and folly. Ile had no
ambitious views : he came forward solely on what he conceived to
be grounds of public duty. He left the enjoyment* of his home
to obey the call of his fellow freeholders. He was proud, he coideased,
of the praises lavished on Lim by others, but his conscience
obliged him to say, that lie had no pretensions to those praises,
Again, he repeated, he only came forward In obedience to a public
call, because he thought no loan had a right to continue enjoy-
ing his private comforts, when called upon to perform a public
service. l'his sentiment he had kept in his breast, and had
never before uttered. Had he publicly aoriounced this opinion,
it would he a solicited solicitation, a call for a call. He was as wil-
ling as any other Gentleman to War testimony to the conduct ofthe
late Members. But if those Genttlemen's conduct was so generally
approved ofas they scented to imagine, he must consider that though
lie had given them some trouble lie had done them good services.
They would return in greater triumph to resume their places, than
if no opposition had taken place, and they had been permitted to
walk over the course without opposition. (Applause.) It had
been insinuated that the requisition presented to him had been got
up by his Kingston Committee. It was true, that requisition was
signed by niftily persons who lived in that neighbourhood, and
could any thing be more natural than that a mail should be called
upon by those whe were around him? If the roquisition bad only
ensnared from Kingston, the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Sumner)
ould have two sources of satisfaction. In the first place, he would
obtain his seat; and, secondly, he would have the satisfaction
of knowing that his conduct was disapprovel of only in one portion
of the county. But lie ( Mr. Pallmer) visited all parts of the
county, and he cautioned the Hon. (lent. " not to lay that
flattering unction to his soul," that the disapprobation which
existed was confined to any one part of tito county, Ile
respected the Hon. Gentleman's manly forwardness on many
subjects of local policy on which it was his misfortune to differ from
him. He did not any whether the Hon. Gentleman was right or
wrong ; he only knew that he could not sympathize with him.
However, if the Hon. Gentleman was returned, he was the first who
would shake blunts with him, and wish him the lung enjoyment of
his honours. He wished every candidate to be catechised aster him
public nrinciplea, but, alter the investigation which had
already taken place on all great questions of domestic policy. he
should touch but slightly on politics. He was said by one gentle.
man to be a Government man, and by another to be against the
Catholiat. Now the fact was, he had never proresseti himself a
Government man, nor did he ever give an opinion for or against
the Catholics. Upon the Catholic Question he should take time
to deliberate. The electors would not be SO inconsistt nt as to send
him to a deliberative body, and tell him not to deliberate. They

would not send hint with his hands tied, and his ears stopped,
when he wanted to hear. (Applause and disapproba ion.) He de-
termined to give the question of Catholic Emancipation the most
mature censideration, becsuse he believes it to be is question of
vital importance. The general principle which he hell van, that
the Constitution of England was essentially tolerant and essentially
free, and that all classes should lie admitted to share hs its blessings
in as great a degree as was consistent with the safety of the CODllll-
tution. If it entLingered the safety of the Protestant Hierarchy wed
of the Protestant succession, he would say at one, however, that the
Catholic Question should be dismissed on every occasion that it was
brought forward. He loved the Established Church, and when-
ever that Messed hierarchy was attscked, he hoped he would he
found not only fighting but dying bl its side. As to the question of
the Corn Laws he thought it wa. intimately blended with that of the
currency. It was impossible toconsider that inultiCirious subject (the
Corn Laws), except on general principles, but he would maintain that
the poor ought to be cheap fed, and that the happiness and comfort
of the poor was the best wealth. As to the Slave Trade, be came
before the county as a proprietcr of slarea and a West India
planter. He could state, however, that Ike had the pleasure of in-
, troducing one thousand slaves
to the Protestant religion ; and that
he deserved no particular credit for this, as many planters had done
as muds. There was no part of the expense of link West India es.
tates which he paid with more satisfaction than the large sum he
was charged annually for wattling rings. Slaughter.) On the
subject of the Slave Trade generally, he might way that he was
anxious to support the Resolutions of the House of Commons, in
their spirit and 'nestling. Having thus briefly adverted to his poll.
tieal principles, it only remained fur him to say, that if the Electors
wished hint to go into Parliament he was ready. As to the names
of %Vhig and 'tory, these distinctions were greater in Hanle than in
reality. There were now liberal Tories and loyal Whigs. and he
hoped the distinction would anon disappear altogether. Ile was 11
called upon by four hundred individuals, who stated they were dis.
satisfied with the conduct of their late Representatives. lie did not
ray he was dissatisfied with the late Representatives; but he did
not think there ought to be 400 dissatisfied freeholders in a county
without their having an opportunity of expressing that diasstisfar,
(ion, and giving an opportunity to the rest of the county of display-
ing its feelings. On these grounds he came forward. If the free-
holders were satisfied with the conduct of their late !Remixes, let
them be elected again. If they were dissatisfied, he had attended
their call, and wan ready to serve them. Whatever may be the
issue of the contest, he had not wilfully forfeited their esteem, and
hoped he would be able to take it away with him when he retired
1 from the Hall. The Hon. Gentleman concluded amidst mixed
disapprobation and applause.
tilence having been restored,

Mr. li. SuMs,F.R again rose. Ile said the Hon. Gentleman
(Mr. Pallmer) had expressed a desire that the freeholders should
catechise him. Now there were two points on which he wished to
address the Hon. Gentleman. A charge as long as his arm had
been drawn up against him. On a former occasion he had been
catechised by 3lr. Leach, and lie did not see why he might not
take the same liberty with a new candidate. (Hear.) The Hon.
Gentleman had said a great deal upon the Catholic Question, but
if any one could make out his opinion from what lie said, that per-
son must have a better comprehension than he (Mr. Sumner) had;
for, on his soul, he knew not what the Hon. Gentleman's opinion
was. It was impossible that the Hon. Gentleman had not turned
this great question in his mind, and come to something like an
opinion upon it, but, if he had not, he thought his friends could
not deny that he had come there prematurely. (Applause and
hisses, with cries of " Spoke.") Yes, he had spoke, but was not
an old servant to be allowed an opportunity of confessing himself,
and adverting to the charges made againt him ? The lion. Gent.'s
party did not possess a man with manliness enough to tell hint
when his conduct had given offence. It was said his cone
duct was disapproved of at Kingston, but those gentlemen
who die .pproved of it had a right to come forward and make
the charge openly against him before they dated to impeach or
impugn his conduct when in Parliament. If there was not a man
with manliness enough in Mr. Pailmer's interest, let 31r. Palliner
himself come forward as the organ of his party, and state the cause
of reproach against him. Ilere he had come. here he stood ; the
whole town or Kingston was there in a body, and he defied any
one to say that he had ever acted otherwise than independently.
(Some one here called out " Keep your temper," an injunction
which seemed to have a contrary effect on the speaker.) He pro-
ceeded. It was here any cause for dissatisfaction should be stated,
and not in a sneaking advertisement, insinuating that the county
was not satisfied. (Hisses.) He now asked any of the Kingston
men to come forward and speak.
An old gentleman, whose name we did not learn, said the poll
will speak for us.

Mr. buxtent continued, with much warmth—Yes, you want
something to speak for you. for you have not the manliness to
speak for yourself. Addressing the old gentleman with some ap-
pearance of asperity, he maid, " Is your name amongst the 400 that
signed the requiaiti iiii ."
The Oentleinan before alluded to said it was, and that he was
proud of it.
Mr. Sussattit—Then why have you not the manliness to speak
out?

Mr. PALLMER said he rose, lest the Honourable Gentleman
should conceive he was one of those who did no; dare speak out.
(Hear, from Mr. Sumner.) He admitted that he had not spoken
out on many occasions, because he wished to continue to esteem
Mr. Sumner, and if he spoke out in the same plain way and in the
same warm manner as the Honourable Gentleman had done, it
would cause more asperity thou he wished to see. He should pro-
ceed, therefore, to advert temperately to what had been advanced.
He was charged with not giving a decided opinion on the Catholic
Question. He meant to deliberate on that question, and until he
had deliberated he should give no opMion. It was impossible
for any one to come to the fair oonsiderstion of that question,
without reading the mass of evidence taken teat year before
the Lords' Committee. and which he confessed he had not been
able to get through. He would not pledge himself to any course
on this question, but lie would willingly pledge himself, if he
voted averse in the opinion of his constituents, to surrender them
back their trust. In conclusion, lie hoped the Hon. Gentleman
(Mr. Sumner) would not again use the word dare. (Great tumult.)
He said the freeholders should not dare impeach, but this word was
not at all applicable. All met there on an equality, to exercise •
great public duty, and they should not be addressed in such lan-
gu age.
Mr. SUMNER denied that he had used the words imputed to
him. Ile would state what he said, when the Hon. Gentleman
concluded.

Mr. PALLKER said he was done, and that he begged the Hon.
Gentleman's pardon if lie had misquoted his words.
Mr. Surat/Ex again presented himself, amidst cheers and hisses.
He said, if he had intended to express himself with warmth on this
subject, the lion. Gentleman had disarmed him of his warmth.
He had begged his pardon, and no Gentleman could require more.
What he really said was, that Mr. Pallmer's friends ought to have
come forward to a fair and manly manner before they impugned an
old public servant, and that they should not have dared to impeach
his character without exhibiting their charges against him. lle
could not help thinking that the inhabitants of Kingston were de-
graded and disgraced by embodying themselves in an opposition of
this kind. The latter part of the lion. Gentleman's observations,
in which he appeared by his gestures to speak with great warmth,
were totally unintelligible from the confusion which prevailed.
The HIGH SHERIFF now called for a show of hands for the
several candidates, cauthoning those who were not freeholders from
holding up their hands.i He decided that the show of hands was in
favour of Mr. Sumner and Mr. Denison.
A poll was then demanded for Mr. Pallmer, by Mr. Briscoe
and poll clerks having been sworn, the poll continued open until
live o'clock. At that hour the lligh Sheriff returned into Court to
announce the state of the poll, which was as follows :
For Mr. H. Sumner . 2501 Fur hit. Pannier . 187
Mr. Denison - 200
Mr. SUMNER then proceeded to return thanks amidst a scene of
the most deafening contusion, in which ties of " Down Sumner,"
and no Corn Laws," were distinctly heard. As soon as the Hon.
Gent. became intelligible, we understood him to say that persons
might call out" Down Sumner"aa long as they lived, but the state
of the poll showed he was not down. He had known the freehol-
ders of Surrey for 20 years, and they had often before manifested
the same decided spirit in his favour. A few more such days us
this, and the flea. Gent. (Mr. P.) would find that the town of
Kingston was not the county of Surrey. (A person here called
out, •• why do you vote for the Corn Lamar) Mr. S. said if the
meeting was in a state more disposed to hear him, he would enter
fully into the question of the Corn Laws. At present he could only
express his decided satisfaction at the state of the poll. The cla-
mour, during the close of the Hon. (lent's address.which the Sheriff'
tried in vain to quell, rendered it impossible for us to hear distinctly
what fell from the speaker.
Mr. DENISON said he felt some reason to congratulate his friends
also on the state of the poll. In tact, he hail been taken by surprise,
and intimated to his friends that he should not cant them until
Wednesday. However, as they had placed him in such& situation,
he hoped they would persevere in their efforts in his favour, and he
felt confident that lie would ultimately he successful. (Applause.)
Mr. PALL:e'en said that when the Hon. (lent. (Mr. Sumner)
mentioned the pride and pleasure he felt at his situation on the
poll, after being known to the freeholders for 20 years, he Mr. P.
had some cause to feel pride and pleasure, when lie retketed on the
numhcr of votes given for him, although he was known in the coun-
ty so much a shorter time than Mr. Sumner. The 187 freeholders
who polled for him that day proved to his own satisfaction that his
situation on the poll would soon equal his warmest expectations.
(Applause.)
The Court was then ailjourned to nine o'clock on Wedanday(this)
morning.
