LO DON, :SATURDAY, JULY Is'. .4618.

SLeIVI.IIY IN ALW

SI. PANANTI'S NtRIIATIVE ol* KIS CAPTIVITY

AND ADVENTURti AT ALGItItn.

(Concluded from bur Paper Of narsday)

theAalwtuiuo of slavery in ;letsira, suer n
rhos rieePnacesde,auotrtnit, is
,;:e..
lion of a government shirk,
supported by robberies
European stations, is rebuilt.
committed ullon them. We'2ll4l to ntal there were
established along the whote. detast of Barbary a li-
beral government, to minor petopetity to that beau-
tiful puritan of the Oahe, torfall a stutnerue
firm to civilization and *pulsae, to open new a,on.
tiers for Enropean iiithistrk, m the eiehe.t 4,4
nearest market to us, to retire for new eyonetits
and cunt, bf which Ilaihary!treill long be the grat-
uity !
iku,ir.iti lc.►es uo.rnnasre data.. fur.o tutassaut
That he Iminhartlinettt of Algiers by the English
fleet, instead of antelictrutitig the tonchtion of those
who tonvigate the 31eddetiaturatt, or mine wttli
Bethary, has only augmented their &meets. The
Dry indeed has been nionctelled to set at Itherty
the captives who were at Algiers; Intt his hatred
of the Cbristi ens, his resentment and thirst of
revetige have ever since known WI 110111111.. Ile
has received from the F.eireileemns the most cutting
asthma, but his power has town in no regret t di-
minished ; for it moist not be imagined that the
death of eight or ten tlionsatitl men, womel, anti
children, who perished in the loomliardsinnt of
Algiers, or the horning of a greot titteLber of
the houses and shops of the peaceable inhabi-
tants, is a national calamity iu the eyes of an
A Rican tyrant. To hint it is but an ; and he
feels it the more keenly. us it was inflicted by the
race which he terms infidel nod despiser. Accord-
ingly, from that moment lie set about preparing
the means of revenging liim•ell upon it. The
A fra-an Regencies, which_ peraitittsly were al-
ways divided, are now nutted by a close alli-
ance. The paramountship of the Sublime Porte,
wine!' had been long slighted, hos been afresh
invoked that it may serve th-in for it protec-
tion. The utmost activity has hero ever shire ex-
erted to edit to the fortification., to waist. ti-sv levies
of troops, to build new ships ; tied the moment
cutout be far distant when the Eitroptun
will he massacred at Algiers, the merchants settled
there thrown in irons, nod when new swarms of cor-
sairs will infest the seas and recommence their
piracies.
It is not by a bombardment, a cruel measure
whenever it is useless, that the Ilarhary States err
to be punished, but by an twined establishment in
the midst of them. Wrest from the piratic Re-
gene es a country which they are lint worthy to
govern, and make the dour. happy instead dif pu-
nishing them for crimes in w Inch they have no
hand, and which belong exclusively to their mas-
ters. History seems to prove that there is no re-
.giutt of the globe the conquest of which is so easy
us that of Ntainitatiis, since it was scarcely ever
attempted without succeeding. The Routuns at-
tacked Africa in the venue, and after takine, Car-
thage extended themselves each way, and reduced
Nuntielia and Nlituritailia into Reiman provinces.
The Vandals entered by the Strait of Cadiz,
mud toihjugated the whole in their progress from
west to east. Ifrltsar , with the Greeks who
called themselves Reimans, sailieig Irwin the purls
of Swale, attacked it atziiii in the centre ; he over-
threw the power of the Vandals, sod restored to
Justinian those extensive provinces, which 'seemed
no longer fit in below, to all elllplie so enfeebled.
Thrice was Africa subdued from west to eit•t by
the Arabs ; awl it appears that untie of these armies
I of conquerors ever exceeded 40,000 men.
The French and Spaniards, it is true, have tint
had the same success in their attempts upon Africa.
Iteligious fanaticism, which heightens the linivery
of the soldier, almost al wa)a blinds the prudletice
of the Commander. Nothing less than a miracle
could have remitted the expedition of St. Loots
agaisist Tams in 1270 successful ; and a miracle it
was that this p mussel-eh expected. The con-
quests of the l'urtu„ottese and Spaniards at the end
oldie 15th and the beginning of the 16th century
were the wink of a handful or men, and the success
far surpassed the means h' which it was obtAilied,
till the period when Charles V. wholly occupied
with a different ambition, renounced the einpite
which his predecessors had been ou the point of
founding iii Mauritania.
The Spaniards had conquered Oran and Hugh',
and in 1509 made tributary the Kings of A 'glen;
and Tremeseite; but the greatest tilistable to their
success consisted in the ferocity of their leaders,
and the fanaticism of their soldiers and priests.
Their (;enendo &elicited the coast of Africa with
blood; and such were their perfily and intolerance
as to unite the different tribes of Alitoritattia
against them. They had found theta divided to
they now are, and all equally ready to shake off it
yoke which was intolerable, hod thee mil hven of
in exchange one still more galling and ab-
horrent. It was Well known what resentment was
felt by the Moors agdnst the odious limo de
Mnocada, who boasted that he had been tired its
the .cliental of Cesar Borg;u, whose vices hr possessed
without his virtues. Phitippino I)nm, when about
to give hens battle, did not hesitate to unchain the
Moore is his own galleys and lumen them with
arms. These shares, thought lacerated with the
stripe,. inflicted by the Genoese, for whiten they
were going to fight. immediately rushed half naked
and sabre in build nu board the galley of the cruel
Viceloy of Naples, and qiirtielted their thing of re.
ver...e in the blond of lion who had spilled su much
on the coast of Africa.

that 6. the policy of hurnoility.
;ma ti.lerotimi, will at oily time
r,.4!\• ...wrote tlie A111111'... Ilse heir., I hr Be-
J.. 11111 .1416, and the Arab culttratois at the loot

of Nr•sim Atka. from the Turk*, their ("praises.
Tile Liter. isiderd. 111 r brave. but igioutatit in Ova
on, of MIlf; and Eurequini tsc'ics love to as able
General an umber*, orleririalte Will 110 ell soldiery,
hnlrev«t dispeoportiointhr their numbers.. The
Frem•li enrophiens in itfr 'opt afford a !wrier `of this.
NI l'onnuit 0 a opinint, that the onwliirst of Africa
(");4111 1,,t to I.e undertaken with fewer than Illit 000
met,. It is jaliirfal to reflect. mutat while so mail
hutitlrriln ,bf ti1.111.1Mn414 havevliero -et in motion by
the narrow Oita fakto vivito of ismiritirm, jealosisy, a
imirit i•l' revenge, avid to throw 11:11.k (sisters it 1111 l .
there is wart ely any chalice that Euroiet will find
I 00,0f0 nieu for :c pion c)1. compiest uteri' lin-
nno.ity Hod philosophy wew2l.l rillimpro. pie .till
ihr:.k.-a t1...e ft,T•e.uttia) tit' a Etircoliemi le tie row
I.lw- ilelivvralice of Africa ; but we well know what
it the cunitritor late of leavies, mid how each meta.
her stns..• tii uppori:waie to himself rill the pro-
ss and all the 11,01 ',or of the et.terprise, and to
throw %rpm' has ass Mies all tin- trouble tool all
111
the 4,14ci.44.t: v"'",l4 ethic". iteltoOltiont'
would lie inure imlntitaiit than arm', since it would
be neer...olly heron! s.II t:mig. to pessoltie the
people tlisit the ossoilitttlit have no quarrel Ilia with
th•-ir oppressors, and that they would respect tic sr
religion, roomier., and rights. But the colitritrlio.
tory pion. of numerous 'Mies, their ill-judged pro.
ceedin4-, mid their secret jealiri'sy, woo''', doubt-
les-, trisstrateal I these iregircastions.—(Aetc Munthty
Magatine. i
