BRAZIL.

The Waetington Gazette of July 27 publishes the fol-
lowing as an authentic copy of the last speech of Major
Agostinho Bizerra Cavalcante, who was executed at Per-
nambuco, in the Brazils, for having taken up arms against
the Emperor. It was addressed to a large concourse of
spectators, and the Brazilian officers and soldiers who as-
sisted at the execution, in a firm voice. He died perfectly
composed, and with the greatest courage :
' "My brothers and friends--Think not that it is to me horrible
to be presented to you under this gallows, at a time when my
conscience does not accuse me of having committed any crime
against Gol and man. As a citizen and a soldier I have
incliavoured to do my duty. As a Roman Catholic I have
teen faithful to my duty and religion. Illy alleged offence is, de.
tending the liberties of my country. Yea, friends, I defend my
country. I have sacrificed myself for my country, and die for
my country, and not for the pretended liberty of a tyrant, whose
sole aim has been to introduce horror and slavery. It has always
been my glory to do all the good I could to my inferiors_
as I did on the 22d of August, 11124, when the Major of ttt
Ezercito Patriots was about marching into the itecifre, to mama
our enemies, those European Portuguese who load opposed us,
and which, through my counsel, was not done. All Pernam-
buco knows this to be a fact. I again say, I am conscious of
no crimes. I love my country better than my life. I have
always obeyed the dictates of religion. I have fled from vice
and temptation, but still some of my countrymen have brought
me to this gallows. I was born free, and free I will die;
begging you will remember my offence was love of country, aid
my greatest ambition to do good.
•• Friends and countrymen !—I beg of you to be good Christians
and Catholics, but pay not too much attention to what your
Priests say—they will deceive you. Let me beg of you to be
cautious of the lamperor—he is endeavouring to enslave you.
" Soldiers !—You are ignorant, and deceived. By these you
suffer yourselves to live like slaves. Better finish a life on this
gallows titan to live in your situation as slaves. I glory in my
end, because I die free, and a martyr of liberty."

LITERARY GLEANINGS.
No. XXII.
Coacluded from Austry's Ileac?: Guide

TIIE TRIAL,
As taken by an eminent Short. Hand Writer,
JO/17.•A•UU Lat Si. JOHN.A.OUDGEON, IX TIM/PAIL
I,t Estr.titr, .Mr. Counsellor BOTUIR'e fur the Defeo&
ant, Mr. Counsellor Boat'ust,
DETENDANT'S CASIC—Mr. Speeth—lnterrep-
ted by Mr. DOTHIR'II3I—HIs Law Argument—Cites Caaes...-
An.wered by Mr. BonE'un —Conclusion tat Mr. lloss'un's
speech, and of the Arguments on both Sides.
Iffie. .So much for faun—the proud *nay.
Of facts, display'd in proof this day.—
I say if ever there existed,
A cause wherein the facts were twisted,
Distorted, warp d, I say distorted,
And every witness pack'd and sorted,
And tweed, gentlemen, Coutface
The truth, and patch a rotten case,
'Tie this—that skilful Fen. Physician
So folly prov'd his erudition,
Tbe dire effects of the disaster,
Th' chair, and the patent plaster,
I thought my learned Friend, for one,
Would try this lethupharrnacon ;
I waited (as his case was lame)
To hear how he'd apply the same,
And put in proof that famous drench
Prestrib'd by teamed Dr. Tench—
Tench, I must own, took blood enous
And show'd his learning quantum guff ;
But, as for that same Simon Trout,
(At once so thirsty and devout,)
There was some method and connection
Is that tame preacher's recollection ;
He never with Publicans had fed,
By inward light alone was led ;
He never from his school would venture,
Lest Satan at the door should enter,
Defeat at once the spir'tual pastor,
And get the whip-hand of she master,—
Troui s story was a string of fictions,
Self-praises and self-contradictions !
But. (not to waste your precious momenta
With idle superfluous comments,)
Chubb swore, on cross-emettastfem.
Gudgeon gave Gull greatprovoeation,
And'hoth i agreed to strip n bull;
And fight It out at fisty-cuff—
Now fighting's in itself an action,
That gives both parties satisfaction,
A secret jay the bruiser knows
In giving and receiving blows,
An inward transport, only tasted
By those who've thoroughly been basted;
I'll prove it to my learned Brother,
Thesegentlemen oblig'd each other,
And each exerted his endesvours
To prove no niggard of his favours;
For whoao'er Gull's face peruses
Will fairly own, that nobler bruises,
More scientific, more severe,
No fighting Baronet, or Peer.
'though pupils of the illustrious Johnson.
E'er laid his adversary's sconce on—
In war as well as peace, we see
A kind of recipmcity,
A sort of mutual requiting,
Which both the parties take delight in—
If both are drubb'd, why both are quit,
Volenti ton injuria fit—.
It is a damniunt, as we say,
A datnmum absq' injura
Now, for • man, my Lord, to come,
A vile election song to hum,
And, fur a man, my Lord to go,
For to gesticulate ; and so—
As I was saying for to go—.
B.thir. My Lord I feel no small remorse
In checking Mr. Bore'um's course,
But as 'twill cut this matter short,
The save your Lordship's time in Court,
Be it for argument admitted
That both the combatant,' were pitted :
l'arker Chief Baron held that bruising,
Deetred so delightful and amusing,
Was so illegal dang'rous science,
And practis'd In the Law's defiance,
But (as my Friend is in the dark)
It may be proper to remark
The case is Boulter versus Clark--
The cases in the books are plenty—
I'll just beg leave to quote you twenty,
Some special verdicts, and demurrers
From Durnford, Buaaoquet, and Burrows ;
Some late decisions of the Courts,
In point, my Lord, from Term Reports,
All books for solid information,
• Held lu tse highest estimation.
But, stay, perhaps it may suffice, if
I cite one ease, and that's decisive--
A ease he little dreams upon,
Mathew, my Lord, and 011erton—
Where one a beating underwent
By his own license and consent,
I mee_ „a my Lord, that famous beating,
InCorellertmeis tblfl two hundred eighteen,
Court bird, and so t'was understood,
The license void the beating good—
Chart. Associate, hand me the Record—
Well, blr. Bote'uni.—?
( litre.) Hem—my Lord !
t dote. What my you to the cases quote': ?
I'm. My Lord, these eases I have noted ;
Mere Nisi Priv. cases, loose,
Loose law. my Lord, quite oat of use—
My learned k riend is hind of citing
Old rases, which be's seldom right in ;
Settling the law, as some great men do,
On points reported uguendo,
'Dist case in Comberbach, my Lord,
Arose in debt upon award,
And such a case as that, no doubt,
Is what I little dream'd about;
What we rely on is a saying
I Dalton's touching cudgel-playing ;
Two play at cudgels for the nonce,
For pastime, and a broken sconce:
..i breaks B's head, B makes assault on
A's nose," No battery," quoth Dalton,—
Now, if the law of bloody noses,
And broken heads, as he supposes,
And states In chapter twenty-second,
iced Law at single-stick is reckon'd,
1 see no reason for refusing
Some law to boxing and to bruising—
Besides, my Lord, our special plea
Is sow absurd: demesne, reye see:
Chubb swore to threaenings,promeatione,
Loud oaths, and fierce gesticulations,
Such osths--(these spectacles, Gods roCem,
Have gall'd my nose from top to bottom) laside.l
Such oaths--it shocks me to rehearse 'em,
(Why now they're tumbled down.Uods curse 'em) laside.l
In short, what Chubb both heard and saw
Amounted to assault in law ;
Gudgeon assaulted, and attack'd
My Friend, in law, if not in tact,
And this his law his Lordship knows;
But now for instance, we'll suppose
The simple case of A and 11,
A is my hnger, do ye see,
lily a•-lvectiny's b mon
Now, if my finger .-I I put on
My learned .Idversary'. button,
It may be trespass or a pita
Of now assuah dentrint for B;
Ahd if a little I should shake it.
And poll the button oft I tab* it
It would be batt'ry, and we say
That B wan beat, aod bruied by A ;
That A said B did strike and wound,
And In the pleadings 'twould be found,
.1 knoek'd B down upon the ground.
And is not this &sound defence?
Is it not law and common sense ?
'Tis for you, gentlemen, to say
Which oh' those two began the fray ;
But a more scandalous transaction,
Paltry, vexatious cause of action,

Or a mute lame, more fiat, more stale,
Dull and unprofitable fair.
I never met In all my reading,
In the whole course of law proceeding,
In study. practice, vein pleading,
Than this same weful trumpt-up
3ly learned Brother has just laid before ye—
And now, my Lord, 1 say no more,
Sly Lord—than what I said befure—

But thus merit l'il make kold to say,
1f all that Fee sdrane'd this day,
Be Dot good lilt% my Lord, and sound
As e'er wu brooded on legal ground,

iota as to chambers I return,
All my black-lerteeil books I'll burn-
" Bold, hold, Numb Both'rum) %would be cruel
To turn your fixtures in fuel,
Those precious tomes, with cobwebs spread,
Which sleep so peaceful o'er your head
Ere yet that sentence is decreed 'em,
Do read .'em, %lr. ltote'utn, read 'em."_
Thu they, as when strun'd to sprightly straw,
Bass viols grumble, and bassoons complain,
Of 'ramble bees their drowsy notes prolong,
NVith drones contending in alternate song,
luantlnently held their vain contest
In taunting mirth, and spleen provoking jest :
'Till tied at length, (when each had rack'd his brain,
Oft rose and bemired, and hernaed and rose again)
As those hied heroes nn the Phrygian shore
Ajax, and bold Plisanitics of yore,

Turti'd peaceful friends, when they could fight no more,
These gen'rous chiefs resoly'd awhile to end
The doubtful conflict, and the suit suspend.
'loth lovingly agreed at once to draw
special car, and save the point in law,
That so the battle, neither lost nor won,
Continued, ended, and again begun,
Might still survive, and other suits succeed
For future heroes of the gown to lead,
And future bards in loftier verse to plead.

BARTHOI.O.I4EW F.4IR.

On Saturday this scene of fun, filth, and festivity was
opened with the usual formulT by the Lord Mayor, at-
tended by the other civic authorities, who have continued
to honour, by the presence of their hotly corporate, this
" tented eld, frotn the time of Old John O'Gaunt, down
to the era of the Living Skeleton. The gilt coach swayed
softly on its springs, as it ever did before, beneath men of
weight and worship,—and was gorgeous withal, as glass,
gilding, and gingerbread could make it.—The footmen
were nearly as fine and fat as the horses, and the horses
appeared proud of their lace and ribband, as a milkmaid of
a fairing, or a fine lady of a court suit. No sooner had the
requisite and time-hallowed ceremonial been duly per-
formed amid such shouts, as Milton would say,—
" Tore Heaven's concave and beyond,
" Frighted the reign of chaos and old night :
" Than straight arose a delightful concert in
" The Dorian wood' of flutes and soft recorders."
(not Knowlys) and penny whistles and river horses ; in a
word, such bellowing of beasts, brute and human; squecl-
lug of pigs, children, and fiddle-strings; grumbling of cro-
codiles and coster-mongers, and roaring of bag-pipes and
lions "like any nightingale," as might have afforded Carl
Maria Von Weber it new idea for a wolf chorus, or a duet
between two horned owls.

The Jade, waa as fine as one could well expect in Smith-
field and September, and the visiters of the fine appeared to
be delighted it was not Joni, and resolved to make the most
of it ; the more esp( cially as the temperate state of the at-
mcsphere seemed to be quite a god-send, for the weather
is, generally speaking, proverbially had during the conti-
nuance of " Barth:my ;"—hence the line of our great
hard,
"Sofair and foul a day I have not seen!"
Although we are by no means advocates for fairs, parti-
cularly in the heart of great cities, where the freshness
and visidity which are the redeeming qualities of your coun-
try assemblages of a like nature are wanting, yet we cannot
say but Smithfield has been applied to as bail purposes in
its time. We have a slight preference fur "an act of horse-
manship" over an " ant,' do :" " beer barrels are as good
as " tar barrels" to our thinking : we should rather have
" bon fires" than bona fide hone fires: and we doubt whe-
ther it is not as harmless an amusement to roast a yokel as
to barn a heretic. However, our ancestors thought other-
wise, and, sooth to say, there is no disputing about tastes.
However, while on the subject of fairs generally, we beg
leave to say a good word for that of Ch.veawich. Malgre
the Magistrates of Blackheath. We are of opinion with
Dryden—
" None but the brave deserve the fair ;"
and would restore it accordingly in all its pristine vigour,
if it were only in order that our hardy old tars, who are
,anchored there for life, should have one holiday in the year
that would go near to make them boys again.

On Saturday we had the customary boots, rich in their
gilded store of kings and queens in gingerhread, which the
democratic little boys and girls treasonably devoured,
without thought or regard for
•• --the majesty that hedges In
" the name of king :"
On they went, devouring and despoiling, greedy little ur-
chins, till the whole atmosphere smelled of gingerbread ;
and crowns, globes, and sceptres, were annihilated. The
gin and gaiety were at proof, but the latter seemed to us of
j a more staid and mechanical quality than in the sylvan
haunts of Greenwich or Peckham. However, the heads of
the clowns and the heels of the harlequins were as flourish- j
ing as ever, and if one might judge from the orthodox',
,knocks the heads encountered, without apparent inconve-
nience, it would, seem that, like Achilles, they were less
I vulnerable than the heels. The well practised mime con-
cealed behind the temporary shelter of the scanty curtain
squeaked-shrilly.

" While universal Punch.
" Knit with his graceful Judy in the dance
" Led on the eternal Spriag.7
As Milton says, and the tumblers led on their springs on'
the temporary stages erected around. Natural History
was, as usual, a favourite study with the citizi ns, and
Messrs. Wombwell and Atkins, our modern Buffons (querte
buffoons), did not fail to enlarge her boundaries by the in-
troduction of many eew species of savages unknown to
the ancients; such as the Bonassus and Buonomopolis
from the deserts of Arabia, and divers more too numerous
to mention, not forgetting Nero and Wallace from Warwick.
The fair was not without its quantum toffieit of Mohocks.
with their tomahawks and tobacco pipes, not to mention two
or three " white black a-moors" as those veritable and gor-
geous pieces of ornamental patest libellously denominat-
ed paintings described them on the front, of their respective
booths. Tne Learned Pig and Sagacious Elephant were
particularly accomplished on this occasion, as the show-
men testified, and the Fat Man was as great as ever. The
Living Skeleton was exhibited as a transparency, and it is
to be feared will shortly be reduced to a shadow of himself ;
for the fellow who showed him had the impudence to say
he was only allowed a pint of air daily, it being found im-
possible to raise the wind any longer. We had the usual
assortment of Fire Esters, and incombustible Ladies—Fat
Children, and Calves—Giants, Dwarfs, An th ropophagi , and
wen whose heads do grow beneath their shoulders, with
many more too numerous to mention.

WINDSOR, SEPT. 4.—The King has taken his accus-
tomed daily airing every afternoon (luring the past week.—
The Princess Augusta accompanied by her Lady in
waiting, attended divine service this morning at the parish
church. This being the first Sunday in the month, the
Mayor and the Corporation of this town attended the
service in their robes of office. The sermon was preached
by the Reverend Mr. Mealy, curate of the parish.
—The bands of the Life and Foot Guards stationed here
attended and played alternately this afternoon on the Ter-
race, which, from the fineness of the weather, was crowded
with company from this town and its neighbourhood.
The Earl and Countess of Liverpool arrived at IValmer
Castle on Thursday, from the Continent.

Lord Bexley and suite arrived at the King's Arms Hotel,
Liverpool, on 'Wednesday, and in the evening his Lordship
dined at the Town-hall, with the worshipful the Mayor,
and a select party.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer arrived at his teai-
dence in Downing-street on Saturday morning, from the
seat of the Countess de Grey, Wresthouse, Bedfordshire,
where the Right lion. Gentleman had been staying on a
shooting excursion. In the evening the Chancellor of the
Exchequer left town for Beckenham.
THIS Peas or YORK •T BASIOW.—That delightful
Inn, the Peacock, at Baslow, has been for the last three
wteks the residence of several noble and distinguished
The Duke and Oneheas of Rutland, who ge-
nerally shit this place on the 12th of August, were joined
this year Ly his Royal Highness the Duke of York, Lord
AMOR, Col. Anson, and Mr. Forrester. Mr. Lane Fox
was also of the party. During his Royal Highness's stay,
the party dined with his Grace the Duke of Devonshire at
Chatsworth and Hardwick, and his Grace returned the
compliment by dining with them at the Peacock. His
Royal highness, in all his movements, was received with
that patriotic and truly-loyal feeling to which he is so justly
entitled; numbers of respectable individuals crowding
round the house to get a light of its distinguished inmate.
When he left on Monday evening, for London, he spoke
in the warmest terms of praise of his agreeable visit ; and as
a high compliment to Mr. Broomhead's family, lie took his
farewell by a cordial shake of the hand. His Royal High-
ness expected to arrive in London at at six o'clock on
Tuesday evening. On Monday week, the Duchess of Rut-
land gave a gala to the beaux and belles in the neigh-
bourhood of Baslow—her Grace with the greatest conde-
cension mixing with the happy throng; while the Dukes
of York and Rutland, with the other noblemen, by their
presence and affability added to the pleasure and gayety of
the scene. His Royal Highness with a praiseworthy feel-
lig relieved a number of distressed objects ; to one man,
born he had known in the early part of his life, he gave
10/o..Sforkgror/ Advertiser.

THE CHURCH.
On Thursday sennight, the Lord Bishop of Bath and
Wells instituted the Rev. Francis Charles Johnson. B.A.
et Queen's College, Oxford, to the Vicarage of White-
lackington, void by forfeiture, under the provisions of the
statute of the 57th Geo. 111., at the presentation of the
Rev. Charles Johnson, M.A. Prebendary of Wlsitelacking-
ton in Wells Cathedral, the Patron by reason of his Pre-
bend.
On Wednesday last the Rev. John Rnigtt, V.A. was
instituted by the Lord Bishop of Exeter, to the P.ectory of
Hills!), in the county of Devon, on the presentation of the
Right lion. Lord C:iuton, void by the death of the Rev.
John Knight.

....

THE BIBLE.
It appears by the last Mexican papers that knew version
of the Holy Bible, published in Spain by order of the King,
has arrived at Mexico. A writer in the Sol fills several
columns in commendation of this work ; and the Editors of
that paper make the following remarks on the subject :
" The notice we have just published of a new transla-
tion of the Bible will no doubt make the lovers of religion
and good morals desire that a large number of copies should
be received amongst us, or rather that an edition should be
printed here, now that our presses fortunately have begun
to work on other things than Gazettes and loose papers. If
we wish for religion pure and without fanaticism, religion
accompanied by morals and virtues, we have only to pro-
pagate the knowledge of the holy books, which is now faci-
litated by the possession of a version so well recommended
by a man so capable of judging of its merits as M. Villa-
nueva, the author of the article we have published."
YORK MUSICAL FESTIVAL.
In addition to the host of talent previously secured, we
find the Committee have engaged Madame Caradori, from
the King's Theatre,—an exquisite songstress; whom many'"
excellent judges consider superior to PastE She will be a
great addition to the evening cone ells ; se it is difficit/t1
to conceive a more delightful treat thus those Concerts
will afford to the musical amateur. The instrumental
band will consist of the elite of those who are engaged for
the Minster; and the vocal performers are the first in
Europe, combining the first professors now in this country,
both English and Italian. The new Music Hall is so con-
structed as to give the fullest effect to the sound ; and the
metropolis itself cannot offer a more complete and splendid
entertainment than will be provided on this occasion.
The preparations in the Minster will be completed in a
few days. The whole will be arranged with the same
classical taste which was so conspicuous on a former occa-
sion ; and the decorations will correspond with the ar-
chitecture of the sacred edifice. The spectacle from the
gallery, looking to the grand east window, the repair of
which is now nearly completed, wil be most grand and im-
posing ; p rhaps it will be even more pleasing from the
orchestra, as thou looking iu that direction will have a
full view of the zortyany in front ;—and the beautiful
countenances and bright eyes of the ladies will give added
brill'ance to the scene.

he Fancy Ball is likely to be fully attended ; and seve-
ral eminent artistes have announced their intention of vi-
siting York on the occasion with a splendid assortment of
costumes suitable for the purpose. Nor arc our own chit
zens, who are skilled in the art and mystery of decking the
human form in all the fascinations of dress, and all the al-
lurements of fashion, likely to be unemployed:—the note
of preparation is sounded on all sides, and every hand is
employed in executing the tasteful designs which the vivid
fancy of our fair country-women suggests fur the festive oc-
casion.—Yorkshire Gazette.

IRISII REPRESENTATIVE PEE:R.—We have good MUM
for stating that Lord Farnham is likely to be the Repre-
sentative Peer, in the room of the late Lord amough-
more.—Dublin Ereniag Mail.
IVe can assure our readers that our statement of the
marriage of Miss Paton with Lord W. Lennox is the fact;
and we are only surprised at the ignorance which prevails
throughunt the press on the subject. The cause of the
temporary suppression of her married name is very obvi-
ous—Lord 14. Lennox has not more than 400/. per annum
income; but instead of the amiable young lady on that
account deserving the illiberal sneers which we sometimes
remark, her resolution to increase her husband's income
and her own by the exertion of her talents is honourable to
her.—Sundoy Paper.
Madame l'asta, with some other distinguished singers,
has been performing at the Academie Royale de hfusique,
for the benefit of the people who suffered by fire at Salim
All the places were filled; the baleen veils encutnbered.,; in
a word, all the usual accompanimaits 'GP a crowd ensued,
and the receipts were 10,000 francs-4001.; on which the
French writer of the Journal des Dr bats remarks, that when
the receipts of all Paris are added together, they will not
amount to 30,000 franes-1,2001. and those of all the
theatres of France to 60,00072,4001.

The boxes in the new Drury bout Theatre will hold
1200 individuals; the pit 860; the lower gallery 410;
the upper gallery 280; in all, 2,810 persons can be accom-
modated.

LIVERPOOL, SEPTEMBER 3.—Mr. Kean sailed !from
hence in the Canada for New York on Thursday last, hav-
ing performed five nights at our Theatre, and one at Man-
chester, to houses tolerably well filled. In both places Mr.
Kean was called for by the audience at the end of the per-
formances,
and made speeches to his admirers, stating him-
self
to be the victim of a corrupt Press, and driven from
his native land by the conduct of his oppressors, whom he
was pleased to call" scoundrels and ruffians." His health
seemed to be much impaired, and his spirits considerably
!subdued. Our theatre has been supported for the last,,
week by Dowton, Jones, Blanchard, Miss Hammersley
and Miss Smithson. By a strange perversion of taste,
Mr. Dowton played Mrs. Malaprop for his benefit, which
extravagant transformation brought him some few pounds
more than any benefit he has lately made here. Miss
Povey is announced for the next week.
The exhibition of works of art and Manufactures at Lille
was opened two (lays ago; the number of paintings is very
considerable. Several Belgic artists have contributed:
There are also some works of Sir Thomas Lawrence, and
of Mr. Constable, of the Royal Academy of London.—
Brusrels Paper (fThursday.
A GILLANT RETOZT.—As a nobleman was leading a
very lovely young lady from the theatre, after the repre-
sentation of the tragedy of Zaire, at which she had been
greatly affected, they met VorratßE, to whom the Noble-
man said, " You have much to answer for—the crime of
drawing floods of tears from those beautiful eyes." Vo
T•IRE replied, " Ah, my Lord, those ryes know but too
well how to reven!re themselves."
Hope is a prodigal young heir, and Experience is his
banker ; but his draughts are seldom honoured, since there is
often a heavy balance against him, because'he draws largely
on a small capital, is not yet in possession, and if he were,
would die.

A person styling himself a " bookseller," from Dublin,
but who we suspect is a Roman Catholic emissary, has this
week been travelling in this district with Popish tracts,
&c., and a cheap edition of Captain Rock.—Nottinghant
Journal.

CAM° PMSTI7II3.—The Rochester Republican states,
that an establishment for printing calico is about to he
established in Troy, New York. It is supposed the build-
ings and machinery will cost about one million of dollars.
A large manufacturing house in Manchester (England) is
said to be deeply interested in this establishment.
DAMP BEns.—A gentleman, a friend of ours, who
gives us leave to refer inquirers to him, wishes us to infottn
the public that, having once had the misfortune to sleep in
a damp bed, which produced considerable indisposition, he
was entirely relieved from every unpleasant sympton by
taking two or three dessert spoonfuls of honey.—Lerds
Mercer?.v.
Paoor PostrivE.—A lad, who was apprenticed to
chirurgeon in Glasgow, and with whom Dr. Smollett had
been engaged in a frolic on a winter's evening, was,
receiving a severe reprimand from his master for quitting
the shop; and having alleged in his excuse that he had
been hit by a snow-ball, and had gone out in pursuit of
the person who had thrown it, was listening to the taunts
of his master on the improbability of such a story.
1" How long," said the son of Eseulapius, with the con-
fident air of fearless contradiction, '• might I stand here and
such a thing not happen to me ? woen Smollett, who stood
behind the pillar of the shop door, and heard what passed,
snatched up a snow-ball, and quickig delivered his pla ym a to
from the dilemma in which this question had placed him,
by throwing it plump in the face of the man of drugs.

LINENDRAPERS, ITADRIMISHERS, AND
THEIR ASSISTANTS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.

SIR--. 1 beg to call your attention to the rules and orders
of an incipient Society of Shopmen and Assistants in the
trades of linendrapers, haberdashers, silk-mercers, and
hosiers, a copy of which I enclose. I purpose, with your
permission, to show the impracticability of effectually re-
alizing the objects sought by the means proposed, and the
impolicy on the part of the shopmen of spending thrtr
money in seeking their end by such means.
The object sought is to compel the masters to agree that
business shall cease at seven in summer and eight in
winter, except on Situtdays.
The means proposed are, that the shopmen shall unite
and subject themselves to certain penalties for working
after those hours—that those penalties with certain sub-
scriptions, shall form a fund fur the support of those who
may not think fit so to work—that if any master dismisses
a shapman for net, refusal, all his other servants shall im-
mediately leave him, and that those who may leave for that
reason, shall be maintained by those who keep their situ-
ations. It is certainly desirable that time should be al-
lowed to all young men for improvement, and that.the
hours of business should not uniformly preclude the pessi-
bility of relaxation; but, seeing that their first duty as
servants is to meet the demands of the business in
which they have engaged, their present object, however
desirable, ought not to be sought at the expense of a su-
perior duty, and by the adoption of an inflexible rule,
introduce as great or a greater inconvenience than that they
seek to remedy. It is far from certain that the time claimed
for the purpose of improvement will be so employed.
Young men in the employment in question are, from their
dregs and habits, more likely to be found, when out of bu-
siness, its the pursuit of pleasure than of improvement.
There are few who know how to be idle and innocent, and
those who are acquainted with these businesses, know that
the youths and young men just in, or perhaps just out of their
teens, showy in attire, and many of pleasing address, are
not among those who are least susceptible in their nature ;
they have more of quicksilver than of lead in their dispo-
sitions, and consequently require, for their own sakes, more
of discipline than of excitement. In these trades a great
proportion of the assistants live in the houses of their em-
ployers ; where numbers of young men of various habits,
of different degrees of attainment in character and prin-
ciples are lodged, under the same roof, the absolute ne-
cessity of strict domestic discipline, early hours, and un-
deviating regularity, need only be stated to be admitted.
If the master did not enforce this from a sense of his own
interest, it would still be a duty owing by him to his ser-
vants, and to their parents anti friends. Those who have
from ten to fifty of these young men in their service, re-
siding as inmates, know well the vigilance which is neces-
sary, and the difficulty there is, lion ever diligent the em-
ployer, of securing early hours and strict obedience ; the
heads of smaller families and establishments well know the
difficulties and anxieties which must be added to the con-
duct and regulation of such establishments, as well as
danger to the morals of the inmates, where all possess the
eight to be from home (luring the late hours of the even-
ing in a large inetropoils. A previous question may there-
fore be raised and ought to be well weighed. Will the
indiscriminate cessation of business thus early be benfi-
cial to the moral characters of the young men on the
whole, or would it not be better for both parties that the
servant should be left to obtain indulgence by gaining the
confidence of his employer ? And it is submitted that it
will be best for the servant who looks forward to leave a
master, that his hours of relaxation should depend on his
master's will and convenience; that the undisciplined youth
should he subject in all things to the maturer mind of his
employer • and that it is only reasonable that he who is
to teach should judge; that lie whose interests are at stake
should rule and regulate. The greater portion of the as-
sistants are in the hey-day of youth and animal spirits,
whose habits of integrity and quiet regularity, require
confirmation—if they have not to be formed, they are
very many of them from the country for improvement in
the knowledge of business, not in science or lite/store--
they are but ill fitted by years or experience to withstand
the allurements of a great metropolis. Once seduced into
habits of extravagance, their integrity, from the facility
of their employment, is peculiarly exposed to temptation,
and if that temptation is once yielded to, though it may
pass undetected, the moral stamina receives a shock from
which it seldom recovers ; and it may be safely affirmed that
the young man thus guilty is but little likely to become the
respected master and exemplar of future servants ; and cer-
tainly few parents, if they knew him, would readily intrust
their child Into his establishment. To test the necessity
and value of the claim now made, and whether it is not
rather the ardour of youths seeking for pleasure, than the
sober dictates of mature consideration, let us ask. Is it
likely that prudent parents sending their child to London
to learn his business would stipulate that he should have
the last three hours of his evening as a matter of right,
and independently of his master's opinion to pursue his
improvement in a large city ? The facilities which will be
thus given to dishonest servants are great and serious ;
they are peculiar to these businesses; and the consequences
of undetected dishonesty are most serious to the honest
servants in the general suspicion thereby created.
The time once obtained by all, its application to the
purposes of improvement is optional, and of course with
the young and the gay is doubtful. It is obvious that
those servants who have a sufficiently strong desire after
improvement to apply their extrs time in its pursuit, are
those who would, generally speaking, unaided by any so-
ciety, be likely to gain it, so far as their employer's busi-
ness and convenience would yield it, and no servant has a
right, from the nature and object of the relation, to ex-
pect more; the masters' business and interests, and the
convenience of that business, are the subject matter of the
engagement, and is the first, the primary consideration in
all arguments having the relation of master and servant for
their subject. Let it be granted, however, that the tin
sought ought to be 'granted to all, and that when
granted it will be rightly employed. Are the means pro-
posed adapted to the production of the end? Is it wise
in these young men to subscribe thousands annually, be-
sides entrance money and fines, to invest a Committee, who
will always be composed of those not likely to become
masters, and therefore interested in finding something to
do, to invest such a Committee with money and power? Is
it likely when they have got the money they can secure the
end sufficiently to compensate to the body the money sub-
scribed, and the great loss occasioned by the strike—all of
which are to be carried to the debit of the Society? It is
submitted that the Society is unnecessary—that its institu-
tion at this time is unwise—that it will not be productive
of advantages commensurate with the evils it will pro-
bably introduce.
In the first place, the Society seeks to enforce that which
the masters were willing to yield as a concession, and were
so willing, because, while it was a voluntary regulation
they retained the power of limiting and regulating the
license—of rewarding a good servant, and restraining and
controlling those who were less useful and less worthy;
and will any young man of reflection say, this if he were
married and settled, and his worldly welfare was de-
pendent upon the right conduct of his business, he would
not desire to posse's, and be justified in seeking, this
power over his servants? But now that it is to be wrested
from the employers, upon pain of the displeasute of the
Society, and the compulsory desertion of all their servants,
it must, be expected that the natural consequence, in all
cases of forced measures, will result in this end, viz.
an unwillingness on the part, if not the opposition of those
who are to be dragooned into the adoption of the rule of
action, without leaving in their hands the reins which
would enable them to restrain the excesses and evils which
may grow out of its adoption, particularly when it is re-
collected that these compulsory measures are originated at
the moment of, and as though it were in return for, the
expressed willingness of the mastets to consult awl yield
to the wishes of their servants.
' No combination can tiptoed& answer its end in those
trades which are easily learnt, and in which, us a eonse.
glance, the masters can, if driven to the necessity, readily
obtain and fit other hands to their purposes. This has
been found among the letter-founders and brush-makers. '
The trades in question are easily acquired—it requires no- '
thing to qualify a shopman but a small quantity of small- '
talk, and a facility, which is easily acquired, of exhibiting
an article in the best manner for sale, and an easy civil bii-
puelence in recommending it..
Much that is now done by haberdashers will, in the
event of a "strike," to speak technically, be done by fe-

males. If the masters are once driven to call in this et•
sistance they will be likely to retain it to the follest practi-
cable extent, even after the " flints" shall have dissolved
into " dungs ;" and those who have stuck out for the right -
of etrolling the streets in winter, from 7 o'clock, may find
that the transition of necessity will be from the counter to a
collier or an East Indianian, where, having voted night
watches a bore, they may try to introduce the regulation
of casting anchor and going ashore, at seven in the winter
and eight in the summer ; and that those who ate dogged
for desertion shall be entitled to a full payment out of thet
cotnmon wages of the Company.
These important means of counteraction in the power or
'the masters are strengthened by the fact that a great pors,
tion of the young men who are assistants are of respecteble
familics,who arc qualifying themselves to become masters ; •
they will-not be influenced by the spirit of "society nien."
Society men are generally made up of men of a dogged and
,grovelling stupidity, setting themselves down m journey. •
men for life, witlicrut economy or laudable ambition stn i• •
dent to aim at becoming masters themselves, who know
just enough to•excite their pride, but not so much as to
cure their ignorance, and whose ignorance leaves them to
think they can invert the nature of things, by resorting to
brute force against their fellows—who resolve that masters,
are tyrants, and journeymen all honest, hard-working, and
meritorious"operatives,"whoillussrate their own consistency
by imitating the dog in the manger—they will not work
themselves, contending, and justly, it is admitted, that they
are and ought to be at liberty to work or not, for a given
price, but prohibiting and assaulting those who are will*: • ,
to take *bat they think fit to refuse. Young men such
as those we have alluded to, sic those who are themselves
qualifying for masters, form a considerable portion of the '
"assistant linendrapers, haberdashers, silk-mercers, and
hosiers;" and with the addition of such aid as may W
obtained from females, these gentlemen will be amply suffi-
cient to protect their masters from the consequences of any •
sudden emergence, induced by the wilfulness of combinod
assistants. It is not an uncommon thing among the
44ttative" shoemakers, when on the stake to furnish
their bags with a !eat, and to salute therewith the heath of
the unfortunate "(lungs." The sex of the new habir-
dashers and silk-mercers' assistants will protect them,
should the new Union partake of this impressive spirit.
Thus much for the practicability of the scheme.
Now what is, or at least ought to be, the object of these
young men ? Their object is, or should be, to make them-
selves good tradesmen. This will not, cannot, be accom-
plished by those who measure their exertions by any other
limit than the demands of business in which they are en-
gaged. As well might we expect a slovenly or sleepy
servant shall become a punctual and successful tradesman.
The rational object of a sensible and emulous servant (and
none others are worth consideration—he who is worth
nothity, should be contented with any thing), is to form
good business habits, to acquire an intimate knowledge of
the details of their particular business, and the best mode •
of doing the infinite series of small things which go to farm
the clever, attentive, and economical tradesman—to acquire
the habit of driving their business, and of preventing their
business from doing that which it will otherwise most
likely do, drive them into the Gazette. They must, whilst
servants, adopt anti act upon this maxim, "sufficient for
the morrow is the business thereof." If they do not du
this whilst servants, they will not, when masters, jossess
the art of commanding others. The precept will not be
given with energy, nor acted upon with uniformity; anti it
must not only be so, but it must be confirmed by his ex-
ample, until, as he approaches competence, having drilled
andjOrmed others, he is able to relax and enjoy the fruits
of good habits, acquired in a faithful and zealous servitude,
the only time when he can form them with the greatest
ease, and without risk to himself:
A master is entitled to expect, and a servant is bound to
render his utmost exertions and best energies in business—
it is implied in the relation and contract. There is no
limit, within the bounds of his strength and abilities, to
the duty of the servant ; he must not be an eye servant..
If lie were to express the contrary when he applied to tie
hired he would not expect to be engaged ; this is so dearly.
implied as to be seldom expressed, and if mentioned by the
master, would be immediately promised by the servant ;
and it is only those who enter into, and identify themselves
with the success of the business in which they are engaged,
who ultimately secure the confidence, and consequent re-
commendation of their masters: the most important re-
ference which young tradesman can give to an old and
established house, when lie is seeking to establish a credit.
But some champion, for what he may term the rights arid
privileges of servants, will ask, " Is there to be no remis-
sion ?" Undoubtedly ; the question is not whether Ibex*
shalrbe any, but what and when, and whb shall deteinsiise
how much, and at what period, and can, or ought au lir-
flexible rule to be established by the servants ? A good ser-
vant may at all times command, after proving his princi-
ples, and securing the confidence -of his employers, more
indulgence and relaxation than can be granted by any
prude'. t tradesman to a stranger, whom he receives into his
service upon faith. Superior usefulness will always incliLe
the employer to use his servants far superior, and cOnse-
quently less labourious services, that he may secure their
continuance ; it is the master's interest 'so to do, end the
servant need not fear the action its hisfavour of so potent
a principle. A man who has a good hunter will not put
him into a sand cart, or use him as a hack. The master's
interest and the servant's advantage run in the same direc-
tion, they are identical ; and, as a general rule, it will he
found that masters are quite willing to delegate to oompi-
tent representatives the higher departments of their busi-
ness, so soon as the foundation is laid by the servant's
good conduct, ability, prudence, anti zeal, and, until he has
done this, he has no right to expect indulgence. These •
duties may be urged in various ways, but fearing that this •
letter may take more space than you can conveniently grant,
I conclude by submitting to them—that supposing (that
which is doubtful) that their object, if gained, would be _
beneficial, the means proposed to be brought into action
are not judicious, nor likely to produce 'the end sought ;
and by observing that a young man intended for trade
should recollect that servitude in the business he is to fol-
low is the seed time of business, habits ; that he who
follows his recreation, when he should be minding bit.
business, and forming those habits, is not likely to be its
at the harvest, and enjoy its produce in a respectable old
age. W. H. A.

THE COTTON SPECULATION.—The following °tier-
vations in a New Orleans Paper of the 2d July, must be a
little mortifying to certain persons in this country, cluut:
the less so because they they are well founded. " tht.
late jobbing in cotton (for it certainly smacks a little of
jobbing), New York has punished Liverpool to the amount
of about three millions (dollars). There is so much real'
gain added to the capital of our tneechants" " The count
has been benefltted, and the English have paid Air it.' -
The. speculators tried to make the spinners and manu-
facturers "pay for it ;" but in that they were disappointed-
-Manchester Guardian.

c
nioaooprrTattpreyteceis: COTTON
ttirino::::estteinlhtpeiegoirslinruarl,oriatialiuunlansi
satntiit.iintnthlniyeleatncly::::ldeeralnorny ftlt
oieihrribnrarnosam:tir.in—katraeetgeyeirt
tn.:khocalslaoenaat
dauel,esyrestisit:htittyhieaei
co,eeirins:sa:rTectull.ae:aii:pietanvrticlia:S tt7d.otit eotarrll,nye [nodetneic crops
rtfasealoo,inrotiupitntuuit too-thirdse.
wl
oy. •
be
Excise Licenses.—By an Act passed in the kit Sur
sion of Parliament,retative to Excise liCenses, it is enacted.
" That every person in the United Kingdom requited by
any law of Excise to make entry of his or her premises, ns
carry on any trade or business in which au Excise license
is required, shall place, in letters visible and legible. at
least one inch long, upon the entered premises, his or her
' name at full length, and, after, such trade or business foe
which the license has been granted ; and if any such pis.-
son shall not preserve and keep the same so painted as otitis
as necessity shall require, he or she shall forfeit fug every
such offence the sum of 2nt."
The foundation of the corner of the new buildings,
joining the library at Trinity College, Cambridge, has
slightly given way; but in sue a manner as to rind tbr
crown ofone of the arches of the engine house, and slightly
to disfigure the front.

COV; RRRRR IT SOTESTIGNe.—It is desirable that the
public should he put upon their guard with respect to
counterfeit sovereigns. There are, we are told, many ilk
circulation, so well executed as scarcely to be deticttd, "14
cu pt by weighing —Manchester Paper.
