order to be employed in private purposes, or for
any other that were not naval, was a direft vio-
l:aim; of the .spirit of .the Aft. He then adverted
to the 1000101. as matter of criminal tliarge, and
said, it was asserted it could net he so, because it
was used beforz the AO passed. Of that, however,
th4csi was no certainty. And where money was
granted for public purposes, to apply it to private
was.undnuuq:dly gross nialversation, as many recent
cases would plainly shew. There *etc sron! Mini-
sters, and many persons in public offices. who had
their salaries very considerably inereaved, in consi-
deration of their relinquishing their right of taking
le, s. Now if any of those Ministers,persots in public
offices,Police Magistrates, and others, in An same line
of regulations, should come and receive the salary and
the fees also, he should think they had been guilty
of a diteet breach of the law, and ought to'iw pu-
nished accordingly. The Right Hon, Genthmutt
(Mr. Pitt) admitted on a former occasion, that
the sum of 10.0001. was not satisfaCtorilY ac-
counted for. How then is the Ho use to obtain
that satisfadion ? He had already said, it could
not be bad by a civil suit. It must, therefore,
be by some other. He did not wish for any
cruel measures • but the country expeCted,:and was
entitled to sari:l:talon. If the punishment the No-
ble Lord has already suffered, should be found, on
a trial, to be too great. it would be the duty of the
House to addicts His M sjesty to have him restored
to the honours of which he had been deprived. If
he was found deserving that ppiiishment, the judg•
ment of the court would conhrm it, and the cntin-
wy.would have justice. At all events, he thought
the Noble Lord's innotence, which wa snow ore, load-
ed with so dark a cloud of suspicion, never could be
fairly proved to rise satisfadion of the public, but
by a fair and impartial trial. Übe que,tinno there.
fore, fur the House to determine at present was, i
whether it would be proper, after the steps they
had already taken, to sit down and content the..-
selves with a civil suit, which cannot affeCt the new
matter? or whether they will adopt one of tae two
motions proposed by way of accomplishing a pro-
per punishmmt..if guilt should be proved? or of
conviecing the world of the Noble Lord's innocence,
should lw be acqeitted of the matters I tid to his
charge? lie was sorry to have tumbled the House
so long; but he thought it necessary to vivo his rea-
sons for voting fur the motion of his lbb, int HO' n
Yrien I. _ .

Mr. RYDER supported the arguments rf his
Right Hon Friend, Mr. Canning, on ne.nly the
same groun,l.

Mr:.IV'ILLiERFORCE explained.
The AT FORNEY GENERAL—" I have no
hesitation to say, that whether the proceeding be by
impeachment or pro ecurion in a court of law,
Vis-
count Melville must be convided Of legal guilt; but
of this legal guilt he has already been found guilty
by this lionse, and be has been punished the it. It
is irregular and unjust to institute a new trial in the
case of an offence for which the party has suffered
punishment. Suppose a man were convicted of a
simple assault, ani it should afterwards appear that
the assault w.s committed with intent to murder, he
could not be tried again for this ;aggravated offerer.
To such an indidment he might plead the record of
his former Li ial ; but iscount Melville Weser' 'eider
this disadvantage, tha: in this Norse there is no such
record of winch he can avail himself, although he
has undergone the trill, andsue ere I the punishment.
By analogy then to the. proceedings of our Courts
of Law, any farther proceeding Against him few this
°fleece is illegal and irregular. Take whatever
course you will, the misupplicetion of the public
money must be the foundation of any trial ; but
you have already proceeded upon that, and cAimot
institute a new proceeding, as no new offence had
been committed. The House has brought itself
into an embarrassment, in which it CA:Litlt proceed
to any ulterior trial consistent with the principles of
the administration of public justice, and therefore
It is barred altogether, and has no option between
prosecution and impeachment. A Noble Lord
(Lord Henry Pena) said last night he preferred
the mode of impeachment, because he did not like
to put a prosecution into my hands, as I had expresa-
ed myself in favour of the party. I beg leave to say,
I never did express an opinionoLat the misapplica-
tion oldie public money was not a serious offence,
and that it was not legal guilt, if any person into
whose hands it carne, did not account for its ap-
propriation. So Its from thinking it was no offence,
the Honourable Member would have had my
vote, if he had waited until he haul discovered the
whole case, . Übe had procee.ied more spiel,' and
more slowly, thongli not less surely, he would not
have created the difficulties diet now lay in his way.
Notwithsteading the public clamour that has been
raised. 1 do believe, that there is at this moment
*growing opinion in the country. ( Load teamster.)
I say, I do believe there is a gro sing and prevail-
ing opinion in the country, that the Hon. Member
ought to have abstained horn punishing any part
of the crime until he hail heard Aloe whole of it.
The House has Acquired much popularity by the
seal %/hien it has 'hawse) sitteZt sad punish public
abuses; but I contend that it runs a risk of losing
a geed put of Lira[ popularity, it it departs from
the regular course of British justice, by punishing
I first and trying afterwards. I believe, as 1 have
already said, that there is a growing opinion against
such a coarse. But it has been said, Viscount Mel.
vole ought to court a trial. It is no wonder that
he does not. He knows he must be convided : his
guilt is char (a load cry qt• heat, hear, [rent the Opth.
Idiots s;he of the Hostel. It is a case in which he
may !receive upon a new trial further punishment,
but cannot obtain an acquittal. For the charade+
then of the House, and for the sske of justice and
moderation. hope it will not proceed in a nay by
which any ordinary prosecutor would disgrace him-
self."
The question being loudly celled for;
Mr. a VI I ITBREAD made a very able and ani-
mated reply, through which we have net room to
fullow.him in detail, and must be content to give
the principal points.—" I have been arraigned,"
said he, " with recommending vengeance and cruel-
ty, as being the necessary consequence of the course
which I propose, and with having entrapped the
House into the proceedings that now eiribirress
them. Let me tell the lion. and Right lion. Gen-
tlemen, that I know no course of proceeding cal.
ciliated to attain the pi oper object, that would have
pleased them. Whatever the 'tight Hon. Gentle,.
man (Mr. Carmipg) may thiuk of the !coolish and

•
stopi3 siAn'ner in which I have poeeeded ; what-
evor rale Right Hon. and lareoned Gentleman (the
Attorney General) may think orate growing senti-
ment agehist the popularity that attached to it, I
world not cheese places with them. In vindica-
tion of myself against the charge of cruelty, I say
1 have proceeded louiestlys and under the infilence
of a pure sense of duty. In answer to what fell
from an tips. Member, the sou of Viscount Mel-
ville (the lion. It. 1). Saunders), I hope he will allow
me to lay that the oboe vationewhich I was ()bilged
to make, by the nature of the case, iii his presence,
upon a person so neatly allied. to him, was one of
the most painful parts of the task,which I had un•
dertaken. In justice to that Honorable Member, I
Most sav, if be any mist:salon to him to hear it,
that if the case had been left .to him, and had not
been defertdod;tl the Noble Viscount himself; and
' the Right Hop. anal Learned Gentleman opp
he would have had a chance of, latger pontos' of
votes than will probably be on his side this night.
A Learned Gentleman has told us, that there ate
difficulties 'in our way; but instead of removing
them, he has created new ones of his own fancy.
I admit there are difficulties, but they are feditious
ones, which may be removed. On the other
side indeed, there is an insurmountable difficulty ;
I mean the difliculty.of not pr .ceediug farther with
such a mass 'Of evidence hefore us. I bave been ask-
kd, wriether'a civil suit be not incompatible with die
proceeding which I propose ? I do out think it is,
but if it were, ae I said before! I would cut the Gor-
. dim kme, aid tnove a resulauon„oliat .the Attorney
General be instructed to suspend the cividprocesr.
•It his been said, that 1 have involool the House to
diflicnts ies. leen-drily did not create them. losro-
yosed the resolution of the atla of April. I arc proud
of it, mid the House has reason to be proud of it ;
:and therefore it was House. not I. who mace
these dilleuttiess. But a Right Honourable Gen•
tlem an says, that resolution was passed without
' evidence. If he' thipics it wrong, I darehimtopropose
' slow that it•be rescinded. I have been charged with
inflaming thepubrc mind. In answer to this, 1 say I
never attendecicpunty meetings, nor signed any m-
irth-Aim respeding the CAM QMsc.Mitlville. I only
know II em by report, wad the honourable notice I
received from sores or them ; a notice which I am not
ashamed to say is grateful to my heart, though I never
courted it, nor was it in my co:templetion. 1 Te-
colle!1, hiwever; that in the case of Sir Thoraes
Rumbold, in which Viscount Melville, then Mr.
Dundes, took so alive a part, the same oljedion
was made to Mr. Dismiss. Sir Thomas Wambold
complained, that an impression was made upon the
public mind, by the publication of papers against
him. The Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold was
a gentiern'in, who, by his talents, has since raised
himself to the tip of his profession, the present
Lord Vldon ; a Nebleman, who can so wall manage
his time, that be ides filling the Office of L..t
Chancellor, and I.is duties in the House fit Peer,.
he has time for political management and intrigue
to turn out an Administration (a load erpstssion
f disapprobation from the Min:strrial sac of hie
Roar)—Yes, I say to turn out au Administer.-
tion, and he may probably have some business of the
same kind soon ; I say the Noble I,t,rd upon th.it 1
occasion gave the same advice to Viscount
that King James gave to his favourite Ibacklnglam,
when press:ng for an impeachment egeiast Lord
Mid ileton.—" Be steady, be steady, by G—d
visn're a fool; before you die vow will get, your betty
full of these impeacionenis." I dany'that I have
extinonished the Noble Lord. He is a 14:o de se.
He is unfit for political Elysium, and must wander
on the banks of Styx, with kindred spirits, where lie
must learn—
N ,te et panperiem et d urns parterre Ittewea!
and from whence he can never return ; for
Fnti Ustant tra,Lqtte halal 111411iii:Oill$ soda
Alligst et ?torte+ Styx I..tvrtu•LAcoercet. •
The Honourable Member proceeded to liege, that
in all uses of delinquency. the piesuml)tioa was in
odious spoliatoris, and that Viscount Melville and Mr.
Miter, by dertioying papers which contained the
accounts of other persons, as well as their own, must
have beets a.luated by an improper motive. lie
had been asked how he sbould lase to receive .s few
lashes, and when his wounds were nearly tseoled, to
be brought np from his cell and have fools gripes
laid on. To this he ate.wered. that he would ra-
ther surer such cruelty than inflict it. Ilia if any
ilinotation were necess.o y, he might appeal to the
Noble Lord opposite (Castlereagh), who had seen
stripes intlided iii the manlier alluded coupon the
backs of Irish peasants, nut as punishment of et ime,
but the means of extorting confession. He was no ad-
vocate for cruelty. He wanted only substaiiiial jus-
tice. He contended, that there was no proof of the
repayment of the 10,0031. Mr. Trotter seemed to
have no reason for saying that it mail have been re-
paid, except the circumstance of the balences being
even ; but neither he nor Viscount Melville could
recoiled a single instance of a specific payment. Be-
sides, supposing it repaid, that might possibly have
been effeeled by the profits made of the pubiic mo-
ney. A Noble Lord (Csutlereash) thought he ex-
plained askay the 20,0001.; but he did not mime:
the House ; he hes not killed them. Still these
20,0001. rise,
With twenty mortal rntort•ni en their er
" And push Lon! Melville fruits his afoul."

Viscount Melville had said, that being Minister
for Scotland, he applied money in a way which he
cannot divulge. Sup-.ore some of the persons who
received it should quarrel and reveal it, how would
his secresy avail his Lordship t Even in the ease of
the loan to Boyd and Bonfield, he could prove that
the parties had published it long since. Besides,
there was no rebellion, no insurredlon, no coaspi.
racy at the time in Scott md, excvpt against the
political power and mterest of Viscount llelv lie;
and if the mosey was spent to suppress relsel-
lion of that kind, he did not know a bitter
ground for impeachment. He was confident there.
tore, that all the Scots members must vote for toe
original m and thus rescue their country from
the imputation that they were sold to slavery, and
that their country was bought by Viscount
'f Honse then divided, and there aneared—
For the Original Mition, I:is—Against it, 27?—
Majority against the Impeachment, 77.
When the minority were in the lobby, Mr Fox
addressed them, and requested they would re-
main and vote for Mr. Bond's a:n ndment, as
it was better that should be carried, though it
did taist exelly totes his Wsiti, than that no saud of

MN

. . •
criminal proceeding shmild be contest szli4
Viscnunt
Immediately after this, another d;vis;0:1 tc
place on Mr. Bond's Atriendrtient. the turia),
were,
F.n. the amendment, 2.33—Ageimt it, 229...;!,,,
jatity, 9.
Adjnurrittlist 81K O'CLOCK, until Friday.

PRICK OF sr,,erc.-;,Y
3 pier Cent kedu..-1
4 per Cent..
Orne:itzu 3ll
Como!' Fir .‘
i:}

MR Tiff AtTltgti.-11.11,4El"
Ilettaw-Liiteit—The }limey Mtem, with T.,e Dr-it le Pt:
Cu cp ii(il*NUßN—Theßna,l
Dl'
`, IdANYIT—The Ruad Rueoterstes Me Jew sw4
a.

THE BRITISH PREss
•

1.0N1)0N, • T-
TIIURSD IY. Jytte IS.

Extraft of a private letter from nn Offi-tr
board ooe of Ilis Isla.ti;srv's ships in the !knot,
dated June 3.—" We have thirteen 11111 of the till,:
her- now, the North.sea squadron being eireemi
u,ur.d ; and we expect five sail more Isom the Rat
ward; I beli"ve it is expo e.ed, that the cots Siced ;w
is coming North about. lty every crane r ,Sta comas
in I lettn, thftt the French apoear in al; their port,
reliy for a push out, and twist of the 06ceurr
of opinion they certaiody will do it shot iy, as
preparatiou.s with their shipping are different nob
what they have seen before."
Nt,'c:ye....c'ay received a letter from an Offcs •
op beard one ul the transpinta in the Cove of Cott,
in the Expedition under Sir Evnr. Coo-re. It tact,
14 this morning, inne Sib, the troops were !•!rip.,!ed
as follows :—.l'he Itt, or Highland Br gads,
ing of the 7lst, 72d, .931, and Buffs, u^der
command of General Ivl•lascarts. ': he Sec t-e,
of the Bth, 2i h, and 83d; with attniery. umer
Ceti. BALFOUR. The Toted lirigade, of tie 'td,
38th, and titld, under the corrineout of Gen. M.,.
sine. The 89th regiment is to fat- nt retach,l
Corps, under the command ttf Lieut..Colosel L d
BLAntv. I have not, yet learned wlaois toes,:._
mood the Artillery, or Staff Coriase Gee. Mrs-
w outs is second in command under Sir Ever Coors.
The troops are all in good hs,dilt, and are las,,cd
every other Jay to keep them so. Our d,stinat:ca
is not yet know ; but it is supposed we we geirt
upon some rems.ic and desperate cs.:es'.,'em. text
not to the West Tr:dies: for all •'-e mane A 01
are ordered to seal their wires oil shore i
ly, and the tramports are to be with pa
visions for six months."
A letter frOsn a Corresp-mlent, dated Beerbases,
9.1 June,
" A (-Sting Isocker, belatturts to e.ns harboir, yaws**
nvirning spoke an'..ranai few leavies to lb.
rind 4 filick'n.ll, which Intl coats Jest
s:ntad any ilia Lu•ttyhin with IS %.et ut Var. ,•1.
Ve4, cruising oil Cam, St. W. :eta, • few •S. .
ttsinSpoil Sus tlisoanhes Am heard, and am cadet
make till 'nit of In ray to Eng and."
Yesterday arrived from Janisica, Ist
to Falmouth by the Windier erlde pacca.
We have received Dutch Papers to the oth
Pa: is Journals to the .sth :
The 3fes, -ear contains the following
Since the Knebolt eal. in• late o;Aermi.iit,
in the Writ lnjuo ii.uoJer, it • out ~.st tht• .sttoe
that th:s :r wit! n..t lea over to mt.,' 38 they
latter oorelfe: avras that CFO a 883 hat 583•..5 4.44 r e,3
une!lignare /*ems env, par, pf tt: ur,tlA r
-sr c.,m•nzree .tier opeaul. War 'owe. V's ..:aa
01..1 print, perhars, a radii on b., cony:4W torto :he elethelf
Pitt, and pohl.s:tetf by his order, a shod t .ne L !UM
first in order to astabti.ll dn. l.np h ty, t:te s4taa.
tsges, anti the necessity of the perpetuity .4 the war ;.:titiSt
Freisee This periietual ow thew spv:.araid ithitiblk,attoth-
taet-ons, anJ nee oaary to otitis, ra.,Jacits, and to that was
winch rAt even then rn'..Aterst, ant inns nothing lea that
rialicteoui. The timed, filo 40,werfu:„ the sityu...Pie.l E
bah, hem the tteearte re tithe Ft4iieh hiset tpoken of whet it
hat tak,•ll I.),itititivea; of the &patters of the Toulon .qnsdrost
when it has paned t 44 Sitniitas they will bear a • Man it flit
sn.tie inonCis.

*. Lh.ty, they have not heard of the tre.ned Makefart acne.d,ott, nntle a 1..; war since, and which the Engiivit Il goo
c It• to watch and observe not metes:An eiCit dass
We shall alp nothing conccrottse vegetal hurt 6:states whelk
have beta Gina out OUOUr poets, to irkielt thir Essllo.. rcif
i.lipqrtywo. bat aitr, a 101 l stril.• Vara a ilaao ••
rk..4,• ruins airy ALA It., rafts kn as. te tier s:nnaa Iltzs hays
been dre.nntne that there is nn holiter Llr v its our f.,,a•ts
and arsenals, that there exists 40 long-r s.n ?mime pJrna...tion
MI Our i,U.Ot i let thiall lash, hoirieVlr, that ritri. art w !eta
Ate 1., even Oftr.r, to aar Gta k , al ,d'aels wiLl IV ready Jai
se, in 18 onnarkt.

(41i

WWII ell the equselraret which the F itper n hat tout forth
t s parish, after having weal* the E etonmere,,
fleets are leeparing. esel aninreous MCI at.* 0!
man them ; it w spirt be sailer for the Kies. of /MO Ih.! ,
Linwne,l Km; of Iralee. in Moro itself, Alin to AO‘Oh-14
soar C.vet N•tion from the c•nentelee of the Wor;,l It is tiqt
that we ente,t tin the Iswlyh'y idea of I,rerentti f Encle:sd
froal bring a peat powerful nation, Lyn w:eh •. .here with
bite (lie cniumesze India awl Anorrica and we e4l not suf-
fer eh.- Enen,li to hese ally pAsere.Cl.l 111 the Atoitter,owte,
CV ce;sr,
" If the Eii;t:isli Ministry par tote Lath seta t ea
perk Inns to theme prsweesern.ii wenh are •-'. weak:, gier+
▪ to What ;rule. Will th..y tbrpti ti.o'r .0.;4r0 Toth*
coast of Aft.. a:where they aro null the Wand ere flee.
*lse, they *ill be oust few in protiortinu to tnedinget ! To
the coasts of Cornnieodsl, Nlal4bar. whet.: t!tee
will .le be insutfictent, Jamake, wiw-• iii.l. will silo
Ise inferior to t.ic want in
vit• do not entertain Ifis reVentoise pe•tWasiions of ear
gonots every ; ..••• ter wirl tier, ithei•lt tie *Wet OW
geet'..l cle••••••••,• • rer,9 Owe, ho he is Jr./ she
• eate-r t tee peas.. r..,.,er.ht ”arae,sti The Insurance
C n 1 whl do well to •ot their rates tons day
to rtsr, f .1., until pear. 10 44m...1, qtry W3ll twee prett,
hies. 1%".• rtltena them 1'.... p .beefily, that there is la ala
intportant part of the Ca.t ortgll.- where French .11134 ST? C 4
cruis.ity. But c or peace *4 are spa 1, t
of are si,npin ; tA • pen,• ri•
rMAinl Ant the rare 4' ; irwee 110•‘ "CVO/ U.:. sae
The Elk, brig of ware with the fleet under tee
convoy from Cork, are arritred at Jamaica.
Yesterday. His Alaseiry dined with the Princess
of Weit.l.4, at Blacklteat!i.
Tb. Roy AL FAMILY Ave etpeard to honour the
IlaymArket ThcAtre wily tywir premises next Wed•
nesJa y.
Her Mai list • tot' up:3cl to hold a Draw og-
Raom no Thu rsdAy.

I.o3WON.—tmied by GEOI.,Ga iMVIDSON, No 3.).
Wych grist, St. Clements, awl published by JOS! Ali
R Y DER, it the (3!fip.. N.,. lb. Back of St Ckola."
Cheselif %irate, why., Wit?' tat lite Pei's', Re. (vostitisiill
.. •
dull attended w.

. ,
