NtrArti reigned at Madrid, as Louts'eloes at Am.
ttenhon ;
then 'night we jutitils tremble ut the pro.
po,itions to be iliseusssed at Erfurt. Thea iti;ght
tit cousider the two Etupemrs as ny•eting, not to
OW or to propose, but to pass sentence on the
House of Austria, oat! to divide the Continent be-
tween them. In the actual state of things, we per-
ceive little in this dreaded interview to excite
4,001. The terrors of the revolutionary rant
are already much
even the mechanism of the Rhenish Conic.
deratio, by means of which lie puts in mo-
tion so many levies, appears to be shaken and
co„,aniej. Vie see that not only at Brunswick,
bat even at Cassel, though the capitol and the re.
sitleuce of JESOML BON APAC.TE. serious opposition
hiss been experietteeil to the measure of Cottscrip-
tioa. What must be iu fact the contlitimi of the
Saxon, the Bas :trim, the Westphalian, and the
mina letrthers of a Confederation, whose popula-
tion is forcibly taken from the pursuits of own:Ul-
nae, of vointnerce, or even of learning, eurolled,
immitse, to Biscay, or to
unit then mamac,. to r
Catalonia; there to spill their blood, nod to lose
their lives, for the molt flagitious of purposes, and
for the Meta odious of tyrants ! To this point of
degradation and of slavery is sunk the German em-
pire, parcelled out ainotig the seeptred 1/114110% of a
Corsican, whom he first compels to assume the title
of Kings, in order to reinter their humiliation more
complete. We see that JCROME, apparently more
docile and eager to manifest his zeal or obedience,
than Louts, has not even respected or exempted
the Students at Gottiugen from being compelled
to take up arms in his Imperial Brother's cause.
Prussia appears to be nearly evacuated ; but Na-
/OLEOS, while he enforces the severest pecunimr
contributions, still takes care to retain the keys of
BralActtburgh cud of Silesia—&cttio, Glogau, and

Custriu.
It is imporible not to consider, with sonic moo-
aishineut, the experiment cinch is now making. by
Bouipmert; that of compelling the Germans t.
coerce Franre, while the French thi•mselves are
to he sent to subjugate Spent. Never, perhaps,
did despotism employ more mid:winos 111C111% nor
ever did tyranny less respect the feeiiligs, physical
as well as moral, of its unfortunate agents ! But,
iu proportion to its violence, immorality, and atro-
city, is the danger connected with it. The great-
ness of the Corsican, though it rests on solid foun-
dations, is nevertheless upheld by opeiton. If he
cannot place JOSEPH ou the Spanish Throne, and
we can hardly allow that such an event is any longer
110.
old •le • he will find it difficult to maintain Lout.
Jeioae, and JOACHIM, in their respective ricve
tioas. The family of BONAPARTE, and the Co,-
Dynasty, which, four mouth* a4o, we wi
told by N APOLEON himself, was " ditstined by Pro-
-I,idenee to govern Europe,' may not improbably,
is the revolution of a very short period of time, be
reduced to its primitive obs,urity and insignifi-
cance. It is on the Elmi, and not at Erfurt, that
this cauo: is to be decided.

Yesterday a Court of Director* was held at the
Eaa. I ,diaHouiw, when the a ode: ineationed Cap-
tains were sworn into the e.itnin,.nd of their re-
spective ships, viz.—
Cast J.N. Whyte, lAwd Nfelville, fur 44.1r0a and Bengal.
Capt G. Boakana, Tree Briton, for Bombay and China.
Capt. J Loch, fkaleby Castle, fur ditto.
Court adjourned at six o'clock. till Wed-
nesday next.
Yestenlay Mr. RYDER, ns .Tinle,e-Advorate, laid
before His MAJESTY the porn:flings of several
Courts-Martial.

Ili. Ma.tiaere's ship Nightiosicale is arrived
the. Dowiis, with seseideen sail under convoy Iron,
Quebec : Hsnong them are several ships laden it
runts, for the Dock-yards. They sailed on the :Ali
of September.
Mr. JOHN TROTTNIL, the Amistatit De -mity
Storekeeper-General, has gone out to Sir HEW
I.4I.RYNIPLIt'S army.
Ills MAJFATY'S ship Pa/oplwiNNS. with the fleet
ender convoy from Portsmouth and Madeira, is
arrived at Beirbadoes.
The master of a vessel arrived in the river from
the Baltic, reports. that he parted from the fleet
in Yarmouth Rid., on llonibry last.
Recent iv-moots from oar Squadron off Port
Baltic, state, that the Negotiation between the
English and Russian Admiral's had proceeded so
far, drat Admiral NI Komori, btul been on board
the Victory. Sir Jam:it SAO:MARI-W.' ship, where lie
was received with all the I rs due to his rank.
and partook of an elegant dinner provided on the
ocC4OlOll. The preparations, however, for destroy.
ing the Russian .hips went on notwithstanding
these chews of civility. Eire fire-ships were ehurzed
and ready to be sent in, if the tiegoeiation should
be broken of

Sir DAVID Bsten's Expedition sailed on Sunday
from Fsimouth. It consists of .200 sail, under con-
voy of the Amelia, of 3A guns, Hon. Capt. laav ;
La Loire.:lB,Capt.Se HOM nem, ; and the Champion,
9-1, Capt. CR 4W FUR!). The Expedition is under-
!total to be destined for Spain. Our troops already
in Spain and Portugal arc estimated at 35,000 men;
and Close which sailed froni Falmouth, under Gen.
BaleD. at 13,000, making a total of 48,000 ; woe
of the finest and most formidable armies that ewer
left Great Britain.
Letters from off Lisbon, dated the 2Sth last, state
" that the second division of the French had not
sailed, but were expected to sail immediately; that
Ju NOT and his Generals were on board their ships,
Dot daring to set font on sliore.—Lotssoa and LA•
BOYDE were with difficulty sawed from the fury of
the populace, who had surrounded their houses,
and threatened to burn them." This paragraph is
copied from a ftlinisttrial Journal of last
which maintains that the Portuguese are delighted
aith the DALRYMPLE COM elltiOn.

POETRY.

PHOLOMTE to Ilainew tradition:try, Play, entitled "The
MYSTI.RIOUS BRIDE," a% performed at Drury-lane
Tin atre, written by LUMLEY ST. GEORGE SKEF-
FINGTON, Iyq.asulspocenby Mr. PUTNAM.

Se grant,
t 'Dui
ttat
Ads
inflow*
to the

With anxious mind, with agitated breast,
By ev'ry terror forcibly nipper shed,
Our bard, to 1114111, 11111(1.11 1/1 his views,
Resigas the C 01111.: for the sertou,
Beneath her hanucr variously divider
Pamirs's.* min• spark extended to n blare;
While mural ardour kindles into birth
The firsts in honour, and the pats iu worth!
Here Virtue hails, contending claims above,
The tear of pity on the Oheek of Love !
Our Bard 110 linegvr treads on Fairy-land,
Where Fancy, like a di spot, holds command ;
Nu longer now eudeaviiiirs to excite
Ideal grief, soul fabulous delight ;
- Still less attellll.l6, with vigour, to transmit
Wit strung as 11.11111S—puius bright as wit;
lkhile learning reara, with animated haste,
Reviving elegance, and rescued taste.
He ...imply utters, unadorned by art,
/hi. touch of Nature on a grierous heart.•
Though pageantry, though magic be Awsake,
Though " Be.tcse.- here no longer wake,
Tel shall it still decidedly appear.
That love, when noble, tweee slumbers here.
Hearts like your 41,1111, with clemency can feel;
To hearts so gifted now we make appeal;
Each party, thee, shall equal pleasure share,
He that elicits mercy--N on that spare.
• This is so amines to tie elsaruelurd
• • .••••••--.---.....,r0411!
IV E.l- 3.1411.1 !'li, Ocr. 10..

The liberal liospitaitty of C. Biaseon, Esii.
aided by the mete mod ele4untt• of Mrs. 19. present-
ed the NoLiiiit and Clentry, at prevent here, with
one of the most snipe': !).figes. on Vt*edliestlay even-
ing lost, ewer wilpo-serl. The whole el the elegant
mansion of 11.•;fitrld was 1/112p:11. 3 fur the coin-
pail", upwards vicinity of whom sat down, at ele-
ven o'clock, to a supper, composed of every de-
licacy.
Au eletTtnt 1,11 l suceemled. its Which Earl Dr:
LAW ARE, an•t the acconi:ili.hed Miss Lt*ULaTl.►Y,
took t'c•f lead, and the. civic of the dance
not cirlierted hilt late hour in the morning.
Antra ig the party rrere--
Connives lklaware and sister, Earl Uslaware,Sir Edward
and Lady Leah., S,r Georgr aid t n':r Cads, 11, La, and
Miss ituntrin, Lady Reed, Lady C. Nest, Lady El;zabctli
lkwincr, Rev Or. sad Mrs Ryan, Mrs. and Miss Richards,
Mrs Collins, Mr. Iles and .lna I.44cearill, Colonel Allow,
Lient.•Colunrl 'l' Iten.4:.•, Capt. Jeffries, Mrs.
and Miss Strarlia.v, linry:i Osten, Mr. Etuatos,Sx.

The PRINCE'. prise:red, early next week to Ports-
mouth, to take leay.• 4,1 Col. LEIGH and he rev-
gimicat. The Duke of COSIOLIII.SWO and General
vs; go auout the saute time to take leave of
t. rir regiments.
highness the Prin,esa of Wst.ts
will •ievi a grand dinner, next Sunday, at her liennw,
at Blackheath.
Sir Aaiun; a Watt.s.sts.Y was in the Levee
Room, 3•L'eerday, at tee time the City Address
war, presented.
Ye4terilay the Cabinet Ministers dined with the
Duke of PORTLAND.

(in
and

dimity,
was ✓"

The generous roglor. of the Opera-House, who
hoped to baelt Mr. HARRIS'S cabbage, uppers to
have some .Geer cuilitthg about
Mr. W1111811E! II Is expected in town next week
from Brkifordshirc.

1 he Strand, near the Crown and Anchor Tavern,
being broken np; the City procession moved down
linlyoel'—titel, yesterday: This is the first time a
City proccssion eret tot ,k that route.
Chester Theatre sews to ol•eit, on Monday Ino,
with the Tragedy of Market/; .I.lciebeth by Mr.
MEGOATT. .

The Duke of PORTLAND gave a grand dinner,
yestenln:., 4 Burlington-bowie, to the Cabinet
Mininci 0. . . .

The finches, of ST. A LIS A fel had a select party,
latt night, at her house, in Stratford-place.
Alderman Fi.oerga, the Lord Mayor elect, it a
wiiloaer, but hi* eldest daughter, one of the
fairest of flowers, will preside as Lady Mayoress.
Mr. Your. was to perform Hamlet, on Monday
lad, at the Hi irtol Theatre.
The City Procession that went to present the
Adrinsa, yesterday, might hate anticipated a cold
reception, as it WWI stopped by the building of au
ice-house in the Strand. . _

u Isla
Li.
from

The Cow.tess of ESSEX left town, yesterday, for
Cashinbur...
The Earl of Fortirlicues house, in Gmsvenor-
square, is getting 111 readiness for the reception or
his Lordship and Gtsnily, who are expected in town
the beginning of next month.
Viscount FALMOUTH arrived et his noble sent
Tregotlinan. yesterday se'imight. awl oa the fol-
lowi:ig evei.,lig honoured the Truro Assemble with
his presence. The Assembly derived additional
brilliancy :rout the prevent...au considerable num-
ber of natal and military 1/F6(x-ft from Sir DAVID
UAIND'S Expedition, at Falmouth.
•

The Archleidiop of Maus, greatly to his cre-
dit, is can-itrr the Act to be mmt rigor ly en-
forced, for allowing 751. to all (7stratrs whatever,
throughout the extensive province over which he
presides.
It has generally been exp erienred. when a Lot-
tery occurred at the time of payment of stock di-
virieuds, that their receivers have, ileCtlf4lllllC to
long usage, taken different shares to the amount
of many hundreds of Tickets. What extraor-
dinary inducement is at this moment presented
them, when a most capital Scheme., consisting only
of .20,000 numbers, and with not three blanks to a
Prirc, has the great additional attraction of two
Prizes of 500 whole Tickets each, who.r rrotliwt
alone is capable of inereariner the princivil of their
stock to an immense amount !

Ye..
arri►ed
where '
two
depu
London,
. ..

opus _
his

the Cityof Loudon. •
On their arrival at St. James's, they were very
graciously received by Ilia 114.terrre, and present-
ed the Add re A, which was its follows :
TO THE. KING'S Mn°T EXCELLENT mArrsTr. .1,
The humble and dutiful Asirlress and Pelitio• of thOls
Lord Mayor, Aldermen, sod Casamorat of the Citirl
of Loudon, is °moon Council suentbled.
MO,T Gaaeluus le ‘—‘l4, your 741ajcsieri
moat ilutiful mod loyal subjerts, the lord Moor, matuses,,-
and Cousinuna of the Coy of L0t1414111, is Commas GM*
assembled, must humbly approach your Ma !MI BF
nessed emoriums u: attachuieut to your Mateatfa
sacred persuo slid Government, and veneration for the
free principles of the British Coastitut:on, to exports taf
your Alajmty oar Ir. ief and astcmoittni ut at the extrs,,e,
dianiar and disgraceful Conventi-on Ate'p entered into by
the Commanders of your Majesty forces iu Puelugsl, and
the Commander of the French army its Lighou.
The circutuatances at tettdang this elate-tom crest, cannot
be contemplated in British toads. • ithnut the mos painful
emotions aid all rooks of your Mrjesty's 'object 9.1[113 to
have felt the sonnot ronerno and jattir:ttation at a treats- so
huiniliating .ttid degrading to this country sad its alb. lc—
After a signal iricturs, K:line.l he the • slum sod discipline of
lit dash troops, by winli the enmity &petal • to have beta cut
off from all mean% of succour or escape, we hive the •of
stortificatoin of scrim: the laurels, so uttb:y acquired, toe
from the brow s of oar brae, gathers. and terms granted to
the enemy, th•syserfut to the Br dish name, unit injurious to
(hr host Morriss of the litronsit nation !
Besides the restitution of the Bee-siatt Beet, upon a defini-
tive treaty of peace with that power, and the sending !acit
to their country, without exchange, so huge a uninhee .4
Rimini' sailors ; by this ignoninstuus Cooveation, British
fleets are to convey to Fraste the Fiesch army and its
plunder, where they will lie at liberty ignam:iatily to m-
e 000000 nese,. their active operations agstest us or our Allies.
The guarantee and safe rouverinee of their pleader eannot
but panes highly is railing to the pillaged it-habitants over
whom they have tyrrustswil, and fur whose deliversate sad
protect iois the Brit.sh army w,:s sect ; and the fail recogni-
tion of the title and dignity of Emperor a resort.," while
all mention of the Government of Portugal O °mescal, ttttt
be considered es highly disrespectful to tbe Legitimate Au-
thority of that cossotry.
We therefore Ignitible pray your Majesty, in justice to the
outraged feelings of a inner, otjared, awl nide: .atit people,
whose blued and treasure havt• been thus expended, as weU
as to retrieve the wounded humour of the Country, and to
r,,inore (rum its character so (Mil • stain in the eye% of Eto
roiw, that your Alajlety will I. -;tacosusly i 1 awl 11:1010111-
slyly to jasmine sorb so inquiry into this dishonourable and
sispreceileoted traitaction, :,a sill hail to the shitrovevy and
punishment of those by whose miscoudact amid incapacity
the cause of the Country and Its Allies ha• been so shame-
ful:., sacrificed.
We bez to amore 'nor Majesty of one unalterable fidelity
and carnet &site to euntywrste its every measure conducive
to the peace, bosom-, and security of your Majesty's du-
minutia. Signed by Order of tin- Court,
HENRY WOODTHORPE.
To which His MAJ t STT was pleated to return
the following gracious
I am fully sessibte of your lopilty and attachment I.
my Person and Government.
" I give credit to the urttires which has• dictated vier
Petition wad Addiess—hut I tool.t rrrn:lot you :hat it is lAA-
comaistcat with the pvlnrll.lrs "I brutish- justice, to pro-
'i.e./imp, ...resolution.
" I should have Itopttl that recent occurrences...lmM bare
eonrinted y:iu that 1 as. at all ttuies ready to insults*: is-.
quirks MI iterations is which the eharacter of the Counts y,
or the bottom- of my at-no is concerned ; and that lire in.
terpoeition of the C.ty of i.o..itlon could not he necessary fur
inducing WM' to ihieet glue twilit,. to be tussle into a transac-,
Lion whirl, ha, t. 41 the 1..110.6 11114 f•IVIPellitt011111 of
the Neel. n

•
At a General CourtsNlaitial, held at Cootorburf
on tic lit 4. of Jvil.y, toots, unit eniitinu-A bs• add
jotiet4M6l;oo tit. 16th of August, I.ieutensnt Jobe
alalie. still Kaifetaiii-Stsstaas James O'Mealey, at '
the 16th I..4tiiPr -ikipoos. were arraignedupon est
utstivrtuellUottal charge. namely—
' .. For condom wilatessing the irbsarter of Oikest
' sad flentleuieu, in loserits as tutted Mr. Jobe Reed, ear-
rack-Master, in the barraelt• yiird at New Romney, me her-
' Mg, with a *hip, repeate...y .track the we'd Mr. Jetta Bead,
who was at the time an dshilitated in rosseemseece 0i pre-
vious Mr.-, at to be elide the nectar ty of .heatt •,,,i. ',See
by Mr.. Read ,bin , ire', who also rect.ved several blocs from
them : oat to bruin* afterwards called several solaiers, who
were as the barrack-y.wd, to actptaiat them of this outrage-
-0:111 sitaduct."
Upo•I Ish.eli charge, the Court came to the fol-
lowing ,terisinn -.--- -
.• The Court haring most maturely deliberated arm,
weighed, iset coutAered the *hole of the evidenceA
e, -
t whirls ha. In en sib:used in Tapport of the tit-
C
Isiteled ugals.at Lieutcuant Jobe Blake she Ass
gem, daust• o•3leadry, of the ltith Licht Dessomeif Imiliglii
with *hat die Prisoners have brought forward in-Mlealbee.
*see, is of opisios that Lieutenant make did ilglifli gr. !
Nes I. iii Cie barrack yurgi at %.w It imiwy, no the 10th of
Mity hist ; but the Court does sot attach the etilpabittty of
. :induct unbecouung the ebarocter of a Ileetlesnas, is Ms
sietious, Avg-oust it vixen ttiat be, iiettittimt IBS,se
reeelige the oust gnos erusucatiou from Mr. didialte
set the Court cons:dent that Liente .11 t Ille.:t actral eery les.
discreetly, so an 2 Niker, is. hosing raved screrarbravon;
to witness cve tratatactom, and the Court dewytheavlsre,"
eentenee Mae to be veal* ppristrisgted. The Catch .se-
carts biro of every part o: the nth r diorite It oppestafto
the Court that APllilltallt•SliCrl 11. Jamas trMridey is boat
(:!illy of the etiri,,,e, and doe: therefore cm:lbar sad amid
I...miriade cry- Lie. Pot befene clueing .:a prueeediap, .
the ('.sect fet,l. steal bowed tumuli°. sal to amiesclyo2o; is
the stroucest manner, no the way nosubstantutted user.
lions sct forth by the Procreator, air. Joie !tear', es also hits
highly tenprtser, trritathse, arid ststswell tnanlike litter, (fetid
the loth of 31a.i, last, awl addressee Se'l.,ewtenat. Jobs
Blake; which letter the l suit eumerlers as the pratelsol
rause of the whplea.ant mud Ili,: resting cirtosiatasaca that
nr...” on di- lath of 3lsy, end is a b.ch One Priausara,
Lieutenant Blake soil Amato nt-Surgeidi James O'Mealc)p
base sieve been placed."
His Ittloiesty having been pleases' to approve the
sentence of the Court, a. al Inking into consideration
:he cond it et of the Prosecutor, Air. John Read, liar-
rack-Masi v•-, :;t Ni'.. ilsouney, has beets farther
pleased to convider Inve an unfit person to remain
, any longer as a Ilarrack-Ilaster.o.al therefote (van-
! mands, that he shall he remote., Irmo lis• ,flituit!ion.

His Royal Ili4hiless the COT•111111,6•-ii,-Chiet
directs, that the foregoing. I,4rgP, together with
the opinion and seoteore of the Court, and His
Ilaje.ty's theteon, shall read at the head
of every regitucia, &gad lammed in the orderly-
hooks.
Date 4 (siss-r!) HARRY r
Hurse-Guaect. 4, A.fintant-Geoergi alba Turco..

•

•Ilftsibusorlr.,:of Troop's: ith •he Rratrtitot,rss-
Aii,Ylellet•ef 137 Highlasodort4 hom ere ted it ru.tio
otAtiotteht rot the toa of *tie of the highest doom-
toils% near hal shootiog quart, ,* of Gar Sh:el.,
in rice county of Ahertiera. to the memory of Mr.
Fv%.• ' •

- - - - -'-- - ----.-..- -- - - 1,11, • ,
•
TIIE COURT. TO THE EPITOR.,
„—.... .
--ow.—
Yesterday, about twelve o'clock, iti.i MAJF,TY
Orange Cuffee•Honse, Haymarket,
rived at the Quanta's Palace, frmo Windsor, . October 19, 111e5 •
sere he was received by the Dui* it lintrits A Stlt—ln perusing, your valuaule pa,ar o'.• this
'o o'clock ills Modifyrir was waited upon by u skyabeetkgqopf,..ais, I felt much gratified anti your
!potation from the Consolation of M*l C:tv of obareestesasarlisoctiug. Mr. Taylor's conduct to- ,
..
London, consisting of the Luau MsrOlOrti. Mae .yards 11F. fterti-,.• in giriiig him such early holies i -. .• -
id Sword of State, the Rucoattaa4Altlennen to citilt• .te • rilieheamse, when the Stith ult. t • '
WITH SW Woof,. the SHERIFFS, 66. Coinnion was the first time 4iia. cotillion.. made use of it. It
iirjelint. Town Clerk, the Secutidwies, the City' ' Is ido..i.e:deut, thiat Mr. I larria moild . of have oc-
()ousel, and other City Officers, stesbas. Vr a ITtl- cepted Mr. Taylor's generous °ler (i advert to a ,
AN and QutS. the Mover anti St:colder of the paralrailli. SAlibti- mrptarid lately iii a Morning
',dress :1114L1 Petition to Ilir NIAJI,TY, to cause an Paper, extolling ;qr. Taylor's liberality its thin
itplits to be made into the circ tatieet that led ali..iir) .it having the use of that Theatre for a few
1 the late Convention concluded at Portugal.— werk, wily, and that lie would live !one to such
'her.: were likiiisise presc,it, of ttk. diatoms Coun- immense espease us making the .iecessary alters-
il, Messrs. Lovi.i.aso, FallOY4 HALE, SADL",, 1.1011.1, &c. fur the reception of the public.
idIFFITIIS, 811005, MRTCALF, Num, 4:11•1.51.4N, The fact is in substance as follows :—severnl
Lod II number of others. meaings have taken place betueen the parties, for
The Address and Petition were read by the Rr- the purpose of settling this generous set of Mr.'
.414D1A, and the Answer was read hr Lord Taylor's, and Mr. Harris thiakiiig thr.t whatever
14141LRSBURY. After the deputation hail with- remuneration Ire was to iwsike for the use of the
1111,11. His hisJansy held a private Cevers which opera-nristse should Le paid into legal hands (TM.
ram attended by— • ther films into Mr. Tallor's) for the benent of ail
The Archbishop of Canterbury, the First Lord of the nettles interested, is the only reason that Cell lie
rrritstiew Ilse Lurifritivelff:sT, thwarts( Secretaries of State, r•
he Cluti:cellor or As imbeimer, the blisi Lard of the Ad- give"' why Mr. Taylor has so suddenly r.;.i.a.sced
niralty, the Duke of Moguose, Lords Arden (i... naiting), his generous (Pr. I must ant unlit a:. observe-
Initiated (culd sticb)„ and Surat rsit ; Sirs LI Jowls dad A. tiOn Mr. It'uters makes at the cciachision of his
orelleslcy 1 Generitt Turner, I.t.rri,•Un. al.il ClaVering; A.I- Pamphlet, entitled Pie rlperti4 :lass :---• The am- .
meal Pickmore; Colonels Bradshaw, Birch, O'Lughltii, and i: : a I feel
lotion that
fort-ens ; Carton's Bristow, eo.iiiiiope, alelliqs, bleleohn, . ...., . .
.. , .
nai'llviess, is a 4.111414Ct.tal of }loving Rater ina
siai Tempte; l-wair.aui Davie, awl Cosign Wyodhstu.
Ili, iolloising had the honour of being presented illted or %tonged no
j hi'lltv.i Being in in) life, null
0 Il::4 MAJESTY : that 110 1111111 C• 111 make :1 a4l dela:Mil OD use Witt:,
Colyilel Bradshaw, oldie First Regiment of Life Guards, out being immediateiy satisfied. I with Mr.
upon bin promotion. Taylor could say jut truth the smile thing."
.. .
blajor-Ccueral Tattier, upon Ids return front abroad sod Alt OLD SERVANT IN TUS
upon his prtmactiim OPUttit-iittLaii.
Laeutenaut.Colood Birch, of the First Regiment of Life te..•••••••ewis. svis
Guards, ulnas his priiniution. , TOE :41 Rl* Y.
Sir Thomas Jones upou his being created a Baronet.
iiiii.--minalmow--
Lleutcusot Davis, of the First Regiment d Life Guards,
OrTLIL Or Tar VOROrs euvrustro Tar C2TROITTOX I
upon his pronouns/iv
lentil. IFAILILO F.ROM lALMotrelf, LNOCR Ter 403- .
Ltiaiso Wyadlieni, of the First Regiment of Gnosis, upon
was u WY iii ii4/IYII4 &autos •yrosea 3, 151.5:
his return Gum air army id Portugal. 'I • ..
('spoil.. Bristow, of the tat Regiment of Life Guards, , Effective Total., ;
i
General taqtrews coin- strength
upon his pyinnition rtrypaseats. Hank Ss
1114n.1-....: Briz,d, of Loy.
Lienteovid-Geurral Sir Melon, Wellesley, upon his return Filo.
. braffidei
from Portugal, Mid us "Mt el shiftier. • •
Culotte' O'Loghlia, of the let liligiiiivot of Life Gnutdr, litsior-toineial t 4 ..o de tat hat Ist ads 3553
upon lass promotion. Ist ',twills ~ 3ilbst ditty- 1113 10644
Captain Sta.tlinpe, Aid-tic-Camp to Sir .4iitlaw Wellesley, C. 4 bat lath 03.5
spot. his reititru from the army in Party at. Major neutral Mast •
.) !It bat .313 M MO 1.
Captions Malcolm. M. l'i . upon his being appointed to His anaemia . ...... .. 4Mt 27tIs 111 u Salf4
Majesty's ship lasilegal. 2dbulf VII ir
Loa Fitertre Sumennit, isnon his retain finsa -Portugal. 090 '
i, Liesteoant-Coloucl Torreu, upon his preitn,ltion. • Mitikor.Georal Mar- eij hot Goes': OW
leuzm
. Majoolliasetal Forgassee, spoil his Myra from Portabl, ;6th Zsi
Cal taio J. Temple, R.N. owls hts being ap,m.iiietl to He (441 bet Lot tips
Majesty's skip Commis Brig.-General Slade ',ld list 93t1 stja low -. .
re torn Mellish, spun his itorn from Portugal. a- i fed barfist 755
Rear-Adsoiral Picks/sore, upon. bis pro:ll.l4in. (jilt Isa 4.al 959
Stiiradier-General (..laveriu:, upon his raters from the Cskiseel Creamed.... -; .st but oath t 36: A*
CapaafGood Hops. ...,
"'" (MI bat ditto 4ll.
Aber 4 *IN o'clock Hie hl,saastr•iiit of on his • .e. • •
. ----- .
rotors to Windsor. - . •
Royal AMBlesy.: .. .. 111997 Hanby
rei
errY it/AN/NES& .411.1.11, .." • Shall Corps
A Court of Cattiness Council was hild, 9th yester- • root .. .. /1
e,..:, ditto
day, at Guildhall, to receive the Monfort', Itepurt
of the Id AJLSTY'S Answer, wheel heaert•til.recaivel Instal
them with the Address iigreed to at the lest' Court;
Tao above Tama is emissive uf Olfacera. Staff, soil Noe.
when they reported His MAJESTY wished to receive conemissi..oud Udicers.
the Court. by a lkfintation. at the linen 's Pa. II.; Brigade allottrd to General Slade has shoe/Assn pat
lace, at 2 o'clock.upon which the 1.0 so 0.111art)o a,thei „,
••11114)heardershialGrisres 1 MautonituiliHitum,thetlatiosasegillorialst3llSshe
Aldermen preeeht, um) such t'oenreoriers as. eho.e .c.::"....,rlrtiki.; Here' I'
to go, were Itninerliately appointed to present the . --/•
saine, by way of Lletaitatious-aaviug the rights of I ' ,
~. GENERA . L ORDERS. r
