LONDON, SATU

o'

I

AY,

UL'

This day is published, in Bvo price 12a. in boards, the Second
Edition of
A TREATISE on the LAW of ARRITRATIONI
with an Appendix of Precedents.
By J. S. CAIADWELL,
Of Lincoln's Inn, Eft. Barrister at La*.
London : Printed for Joseph Butterworth and Son, 49, Fleet.
street ; and J. Cooke, Ormond Quay, Dublin.
Of whom may be bad, price 14a. boards,
A DIGEST of the LAWS relating to the POOR. By. J.
Stamford Caldwell, Esq. of Lintel:ea Inn, Barrister at Caw.
PINNOCK'S COUNTY HISTORIES.
This day is published, price Is. and embellished with a neat Map
of the County,
THE HISTORY and TOPOGRAPHY of I.MID-
DLESEX; amtainies Sabo its Antiquities, Natural and
Artificial Curiosities, Loot Peadiewities, Commerce, and Muni.
factures; with Biographical Sketches of its most eminent Natives,
Tableinf Fairs, b Ite.

14k1 Ctl
_

2, 1525.

Tree-
the

),,.- ~1
Vitrittbkni. .

)

6110•11.1M11111•011M....,

- -

a

Price 7d.

found upon record, of persons having acted in the manse. in which
theydidlOWUrtlP Misprision elaimanta. These claimants were ac wet
of having formed very extravagant expectations. For his pkt• The
had not hand of any each expectations. These sispectationa win It
he had seen stated, appeared to his; to be very reasouabie; and be
thought, moreover, that the complaint of these claimants was
just and reasonable; namely, that theirr.lenas were to be decided
by statements and opinions which they were neither afforded the
opportunity of seeing nor of controverting. The Petition which
was now submitted to the House, he could not otherwise regard
titan as an attempt to do away with the effect of tile Petition which
had been presented by his Hon. Friend (Ur. Hume) on a former
night. It had been got up for the occasion.
The CHANCELLOR of the ERCHF.QUER assured the
Hon. and Learned Gentleman acrow the table, that he knew
nothing of the presentation of the Petition until that evening.
Doctor LUSH I NOI'ON resumed. He did not mean to impute
to the Right Honourable Gentleman that he had been a party to
the getting up of the Petition, or that it had been done even with
his knowledge. lie could not, however, altogether divest himself
of the opinion, that it had been got up for the occasion, and with a
view of counteracting the impression which the Petition presented
by his lion. Friend might be otherwise calculated to make. lie
rose principally for the purpose of repeating his opinion, that the
Claims of the captors had not been fairly investigated, and that if
the present course of proceeding was persevered in, it would amount
to an act of positive injustice to the claimants.
Sir IL HARDING E happened not to be present nn the last
night that the Petition referred to had been presented, and was
anxious to avail himself of the present opportunity that offered, to
express his opinion as to the claims on the Deccan prize nsmey._
Delay had been imputed, in Ms opinion, most improperly, to the
trustees who were appointed to administer this money. But he
would maintain, that whatever delay had been occasioned, had
been occasioned by the captors themselves. Every effort had been
made !by the trustees to procure the most satisfactory information
for the regulation of their conduct ; but they had been, in many in-
stances, frustrated in their endeavour, to procure that information.
Applications, frequent applications, had been made to Sir T. His.
lop. the General of the army, to furnish lists of those who were en-
titled to the prize money ; and although this application was first
made in January, it was not until the beginning of the.very last
month that they had been furnished. This would show, at least,
that the blame of delay was not imputable to the trustees.—
He (Sir Henry Hardioge) could not forbear from taking the
present opportunity of adverting to what had fallen from an
Hon. and Learned Gentleman (Dr. Lushington) relative to the
conduct of the Duke of Wellington in this transaction. A letter
which he had written in the course of the correspondence upon it
had been stated by the lion. and Learned Member to be unparal.
leled in impudence and insolence. The expression most com-
plained of in the letter was the omission of the word 'Mr.' befor,,
the name of William Harrison. He had the original letter in his
possession, and such en omission did not appear in it ; but the
omission occurred in a copy of the letter, which the lion. anti
Learned Pentiernan had seen. However, even that letter. thought
it were written as the Hon. and Learned Gentleman supposed, did
not justify the attack upon his Noble Friend the Duke of Welling-
ton. It was impossible for that Noble Lord not to have felt ex-
treme pain at much expressions. He was as desirous as any Mem-
bee could he to preserve the privilege of free discussloo ; but the
freedom of debate ought not to be perverted to the purpose of making
private attacks upon absent persons. It happened, however, in this
instance, that the person upon whom the attack was made wasof that
elevated character and high station, that he amid not descend to a
personal altercation with the Hon. Member; but lie would put it
to the good sense of that lion. Member, if he were to have made
the observations on any Member of that House, which he had
made upon, the Duke of Wellington, if notice must not be taken of'
them. When it was considered that the privilege prevailed of
giving permission to the circulation of whatever passed in that
House among the public, through the newspapers, lion. Members
ought to he very cautious in the exercise of the extreme power of
liberty of language. When a Noble Person was accused of unparal-
leled impudence and insolence,lt was, in his the observance
of extreme patience on the part of the friends of that Noble Person
who was absent not to retort upon the Hon. Member, and to cha-
racterise his speech in the same language in which- the Honourable
and Learned Member had thought proper to characterise the ccits
duct of his Noble Friend.
Lord FOLKESTONE begged to call the Han. and Gallant
Mt mber to order : first, because it was a breach of the orders of the
House to allude to what had pa.ssed on a former night. Besides,
the Hon. Member admitted that he was not himself present on thz
occasion that the expressions to which he alluded were apcken.
From his ( Lord Folkestone's) recollection of what had fallen front
his lion. and Learned Friend en that occasion, he had been mis.
quoted by the lion. and Gallant Member.
The SPEAKER suggested to the Hon. and Gallant Member
that lie was certainly out of order, In at all alluding to anytlnng
that had faHenfronisnyliert. Member on a former night, and be
was still more out of order in adverting to the publication o•
the debates of the House, the publication of which was itself's
breach of one of the standing orders a the House.
%lr. CANNING solo, that if.hu Hon. and Gallant Friend were
somewhat more accustomed to the dexterity of debate sometimes
resorted to in that House, he would not directly advert to the smote
filen which he had his information, but say that he had met sex.,
a statement somewhere.
Sir 11. HARDINGE resumed, He was much obliged to his
Right Hon. Friend for the suggestion he had thrown out. and
would avail himself of it. lie had understood, then, it had hero
stated that a Right Hon. Friend of his (Mr. Arbuthnot), whose
abseice (from indisposition) he deeply regretted, had intended i
I appoint a son of his, who was under age, to be agent to the trust-tit.
Now his Right lion. Friend had not any son under age: it was
true lie intended to have appointed his eldest son as agent, who was
25 years of age, who was a Major in the army, and who might
therefore be presumed to be very competent to the performance of
the duties of agent. Ile hoped hia Right Hon. Friend wonhd not
he deterred; by clamour within doors or out of doors, from fulfilling
his intentions towards him. The claims which had been set up to
this prize money were many of them the most nonsensical and absurd.
It was required by some that the buildings and the materials in them
be sold for the purpose of augmenting the amount of the money.
As well might the soldiers who fought at NVaterloo require that the
Tuileries and its furniture be said for the purpose of ir.
creasing the amount of prize-money to the English army, and as
compensation for their services. the Hon. Member proceeded to
avert to a pamphlet which had been published on the Deccan
prize-money, which contained many false and libellous imputations
on the conduct of the trustees. That pamphlet waa an anonymous
publication, and had been prepared by sonic persons who had
abused the confidence of Sir Thomas Hislop. The principal
charge that it contained against the conduct of the trustees was.
that they did net submit the opinions of the Attorney-trencrnl
and the responsible Law Officers of the Crown to the revision of
an wormy appointed by some of the claimants. He would repeat,
that there was no unnecessary delay in the conduct of the trustees,
and whatever delay was occasioned was created by the captors
themselves. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. HUME said, that in presenting the petition which he had
submitted to the House on a former night, he hail not on light
grounds preferred a charge of delay anti neglect against the trus-
tees. He had required of the petitioter (Colonel Fit/Aimee), and
of those _who, in common with him, complained of this delay, to
point out the grounds on which they accused the trustees of and procrastination in rile adjustment of their claims.
They directed his attention to a passage in a letter signed Wel-
lington and F. Arbuthnot, declaring, in reply to an application on
the part of the claimants for information, " that they would re-
ceive information, but they would give none." This refusal in-
duced hint to think that all was nett going on right, as herewith
discover no satisfactory ground for this refusal. As to the oars-
vagaat claim for two million& lie did tot see it anywhere stated
the petition, nor did be know that such a statement had been ma:.:
—on the contrary, he found in the petition that the claim was tar
more moderate, and that the petitioner stated merely his belief that
it amounted to 700,0001. Want of notice could nut be aimed to
the pe.ition whirls he presented, as, not knowing that die Hon.
anti la ailant Member (Sir 11. Ilardinge) intended to become the de-
fender of the Duke of 11'ellington, he had sent the petition to the
Chancellor of the Exchequer the day before he presented it,
which he thought was the proper channel through which to com-
municate the no:ice.

_._.____._ .........„.
Mr. S. RICE said, that he was in the House when his Hon. aul
Learned Friend had spoken, and he certainly did remember that
the expressions attributed to him by his Hon. and Gallant Friend
had been used by him. If his Hon. and Gallant Friend had been
present when his lion, and Learned Friend had spoken, he pro.
bably would not hare expressed himself with such warmth as he
did that night. It was idle to trust to the reports of newspapers;
there would be no end to mutual accusations, if reliance was to be
placed; upon them, and they were to lbe made the foundation of
charges in that House.
Sir H. il ARDI NOE said that the expressions attributed to the
lion. Member in the newspapers remained uncontradicted by the
Hon. and Learned Member himself. The expressions were re-
ported alike in several newspapers, and as they were not disclaimed
by the Hon. Member himself, he thought it unfair to turn upon
the reporters, and to accuse them of an inaccuracy of which the
Hon. and Learned Member did not himself accuse them. (Hear.)
He could not but continue to think that the expressions of the lion.
and Learned Member were intemperate and improper.
The SPEAKER was unwilling to interrupt the progress of a
debate at any time, but to refer to a debate of a former night was
certainly a reference quite out of order, and to exculpate launch
thatwith could
ut a not
breachboef
by a commentary upon what had taken place, taken from sources
anything but a justification of she
course adopted by the Hon. and Gallant Member.
' Sir H. HA RDINGE would be sorry to say anything which
without
acquaintedorder was with what had taken place there, .
might infringe upon the strict rule of discussion in that House,
but henced could not express any regret for the opinion twe had pro.
prise that the Honourable and Gallant Member should feel him.
self called upon to make the attach which he bad made upon his
Honourable and Learned Friend (Dr. Liiabington), merely on al4
account which he had met with in anewepspet. And he was tlas
more surprised that he aboul4 re elm wlthont hayinuaskesi
his Honourable and Letirned NI really bud &N. If
ill 7 thing lrrglallar 9/.9freflOrt . Of ti)9 Frieuolg
iti kut

t

• .
1 tee;
•
-02 • .
- ,
..
..
, .
t. , 4__;,-, ...1.• , , , ......r-- ..,._
• G . .--,- 6-7 •aaaaa,4- • -'4 • 'era\ ajpe
fig . . *•ta '
<l\,6; •
. ,
_)
(......„4' •r• • .0...• ': i. +
. • I.
....."‘''. ir .:1;) : i
.*
• ......40,1/4,, • 4,7
+ -.1 ...
.II .••
1 • ..r"'
r ,
... „
- • .41
' 111111
. '
*,' or, •.,,.. . et- `• -
0/t( -1-1 • ' . Ali :41141. • , - .
,
. •
. • : 1
-
1
kT 1 URI)AY JULY' 2, 152.5.
•
• Price 7d. 1
-
•
in fleckition of price lea. in boards, the Second I PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE. found upon record, of persona having acted in the matinee in whirl,
Ed
they did towards Me present claimants. These claimants were sic iwal
•
n. the LAW of ARBITRATiONI HOUSE OF LORDS, Fainair, JULY 1. of having formed very extravagant expectations. For his plit 7110
Appendix of Precedents. had not heard of any such expectations. Those cispectatiorui cid* J. S. CALDIVELL. . COMBINATION OF WORKMEN BILL. he had seen stated, appeared to him to be very reasonable; and lie 'a Inn, Eft. Barrister at Law. Earl FITZ WILLIAM presented a petition from certain inha. thought, moreover, that the complaint of these claimants was
Joseph Butterworth and Son, 49, Fleet- blunts of Sheffield, praying to be heard by Counsel against the just and reasonable; namely, that theirthams were to be decided
Ormond Quay, Dublin. Combination of Workmen Bill.—Laid on the table. Iby statements end opinions which they were neither afforded the
LAUDERDALEefectThefroEtnarlaonfindiduaiof
thenapmreesfe.fnted a petition to the same opportunity of seeing nor of controverting. The Petition which
may be had, price 141. boards,
i
LAWS relating to the POOR. By. J. Edward Clifford, of Hie. was now submitted to the House, he could not otherwise regard /I" ,e of Lineolnta inn, Barrister at Law. mingham. The Noble Earl stated, that he did not agree in any of than as an attempt to do away with the effect of t tie Petition which the allegations of the petition, but looked on the Bill before the had been presented by his Hon. Friend (Mr.
Runic) on a former ki
I'S COUNTif HISTORIES. House in a very different sense. He was sure that combinations of night. It had been got up for the occasion.
price Is. and embellished with a neat Map workmen would be as injurious to those workmen as to their The CHANC/eILLOR of the EXCHEQUER assured the-
of the County, =Littera—Laid on the table. lion. and Learned Gentleman acme the table, that he knew:
I' and TOPOGRAPHY of MID- On the motion of the Earl of LIVERPOOL, the Combination nothing of the presentation of the Petition until that evening.
minis lalso ha Antiquities, Natural and of Workmen Bill was read a second time, and ordered to be corn. Doctor LUSH IMA ON resuteed. He did not mean to impala
oral Peallim um ities, Commerce, and M. mined on Mondays-when it was understood that the subject would to the Right Honourable Gentleman that he had been a
partyto a
deal Sketches of its most eminent Natives, be diacuesed• the getting up of the Petition, or that it had been done even with 'I" Earl GROSVENOR moved for certain Returns from the Tree- his knowledge. lie could not, however, altogether divest len-welt
cluelaateepdiato,eam,aktel;at liee t
size and price, the COUNTIES of sury, relative to the office of Clerk of the Pella, and also of the oetletteheareainaino,ne,etaellatitaigt htia,aditimegseagao,ataapyfioriaethteeoaccca,stio,,n,a,naipidyameatieificat a - [effort, Rutland office of Remeinbrancer of the Court of Exchequer.—Ortlered.
yb,y)selipisyilaion,p.alli'ytti
forend
tem, igeliiitypbyeaeoathi.
errewpeat&etincaig t '
I
runtingthin Shropshire WEST INDIA COal PA NI ESIII LL.
ent Somerset Earl BATHURST moved the third reading of the West India'•l r ( ancastee Stafford • Companies Bill. Claims of the captors had not been laid; investigated, and that if 'd
eicestee Suffolk Earl GROSVENOR said, that in his opinion this measure the present course of proceeding was persevered in, it would amount
lncoln. Surrey tended in a certain degree to render the condition of the slaves in to an act of positive injustice to the claimants, i
, •
ondott indite En. Suuex the !Vat Indies worse instead of better. It had been his intention Sir H. II A !WING E happened not to bepresent on the last
. . , I ••"..
virona, 2s. Warwick • to hare proposed that the subject of the slave trade should be taken night that the Petition referred to had been presented, and WAS ,it• • • . lontnouth , Weattnoreland into consideretion, but at this period of the Siesion be should de. anxious to avail himself of the present oppormuity that offered, to ; I
I
Torfolh. i." Wilts cline doing so. Me hoped and trusted that their Lordships would- express his opinion as to the 'theme on the Deccan prize mon 1
'athlete", Worcester do It in thefettivef the next ear end ht,
..,
.111suald Content himself Delay bed been imputed, in Ms opinion, most improperly, to the •
[orthu York, 2s. wilieetlierfame, roweammomiWinfliOrill*vmmentee ogeldsteery until trustees who were appointed to administer this money. But he [ottinglasna North Wan.' the slave trade was titally abolished. He was curt the Noble Earl would maintain, that whatever delay had been occasioned, had
'xford i. 4 South Wales (Bathurst) was anxious for the gradual abolition of slavery, and been occasioned by the captors themselves. Every effort had been • i
therefore he (Earl Grosvenor) would not oppose the Bill. made !by the trustees to procure the most satisfactory information arc well adapted to refresh the memory; Lad BAT HITRST said, if he thought that this Bill would tar the regulation of their conduct; but they had been, in many in-
tat of his native county, but must feel a throw any obstacles in the way of a gradual abolition of slavery, stances, frustrated in their endeavours to procure that informatioe,
ensurer, beauties, and interests are so ably he would be the very last to-support it ; but he thought the ferrite- Applications, frequent applications, had been made to Sir 'l'. His.
seed, and brought within the reach of die non of Companies in the West Indies would tend to promote this lop. the General of the army, to furnish lists of those who were ens Lit. Chinn, grand object, and would certainly ameliorate the condition of the titled to the prize money ; and although this application was first
a B. Whittaker, Ave Maria-lane. slaves. made in January, it was not until the beginning of the eery last
ND SCIENTIFIC SCHOOL BOOKS.
The Marquis of LA NSDOIVN said, he Wall satisfied to accept month that they had been furnished. This would show, at least,
ARI
n. B. Whittaker, Ave Maria-lane. the aak, but upon conditions that it should rot in any way pre_ that the blame of delay was not imputable to the trustees.—.
VoIifIWTERN'IGT.
ING ;
vent the consideration of the great question of a gradual abolition lie (Sir Henry Hardinge) could not forbear from taking the
or, Penmanship The Bill was then read a third time d
of slavery. present opportunity of adverting to what had fallen from an , e
and passe . Hon. and Learned Gentleman (Dr. Lushington) relative to the
o Parts. Part the First containing Rulesconduct of the Duke of Wellington in this transaction. A letter
JURISDICTION OF APPEALS.
etters, Position of Words, eke. Part the which he had mitten in the course of the correspondence upon it
°erne of Letters, Illemorandeima, Notes,
ed to Schools Apprentices, and Young that two
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said, that pursuant to the Notice he
had given, he felt it his duty to address their Lordeliips on the sub- had been stated by the lion. and Learned Member to he unparal. ' •
ith Observations and Proper Examples.
jest of the jurisdiction of a • • I Tb • Lord h' were aware leled in impudence and insolence. The expression most coot-
; pea s. CM Li WO.
years age there were great difficulties arising from the bust- plained of in the letter was the omission of the word ' ale' before
yT. Perry. fs. fid.
this subject, and that
ness in arrear. A Committee had been appointed to inquire Into the name of William Harrison. He had the original letter in M. ..
SET of EXPLANATORY COPIES,Committee ~ . l_ possession, and such an omission did not appear in it ; but the • •
gonal Lines, most with espair, because of the labours it had to perform, and
cd on Hotisontal and Din
d ' had enteral upon its GUttelt a
omission occurred
tin a copy of the letter, which the lion. and ; k 1 •
Cr,' in his Grammar of !lilting. 82. Learned ( entletnan had seen. However, even that letter, though
I SET of DITTO. 8.1. the obstacles in the way of its performance. Theßeport made by
it were written as the Hon. and Learned Gentleman supposed, did
•
SET of DITTO. Bd. that Committee stated that the number of appeals in arrear was
!OURS, Nos. 1, Se and 3,• ruled to cone-
very great, anti that those trout Scotland alone were so numerous as not justify the attack upon his Noble Friend the Duke of %Welling-
fond. and Third Sets of Copies. lid. each. to be sufficient to occupy the whole of the time their Lordships had ton. It was impossible for that Noble Lord not to have felt es-
RAPHICAL COPIES, Nos. 1 to 7. (w,
been ill the habit oh in five giving to this business fur years It was creme rein at such expressions. He was as desirous as any elem.
liaised, that with respect to Scotland, those arrears might be•
got rid' her could he to preserve the privilege of free discussion ; but the
freedom of debate ought not to be perverted to the purpose of making c '
or prospeelvely, and teat thus the evil might be cured. Their
t R ITH al ETIC.
TA liLlei of MONEY, WEIGHTS, week, instead
then decided upon sitting to hear appeals five days in the private attacks upon absent persons. It happened, however, in this
inwance, that the person upon whom the attack was made was of that 'I ,I
instead of three, and to sit from 10 in the ingeopg• until
elevated character and high station, that he could not descend to a • i
i teations for Examination, Notes, &c. 6 o'clock in the afternoon' ; and, in constromenceipf seellerange-
personal altercation with the lion. Member; but lie would put it
ment the difficulties alluded to had been cofigkierableeremoved. At,' e
to th • good settee of tint lion. Member, if he were to have made
lITHMETIC, containing a concise Ex- the commencement of the Parliamentary Session of 1324, there • ' ) I
all Rules and Examples. 9d. the observations on any Member of that House, which he had
iTED CIPHERINGROOK, No. I, number au.; ;
were 282 appeals, and 74 writs of error—making altogether the
their Lordale d •
the last had ' •
out of which i5O were Scotch. The exertions of made upon the Duke of Wellington, if notice must not be taken of
. them. 11'hen it was considered that the privilege prevailed of
tin the First Rules of Arithmetic. 15. t•
, . . pot doing Session disposed of lab appeals
giving [TED CI PH EKING. BOOK, No. 2, and writs of error, and about 40 of the number had been struck permission to the circulation of whatever passed in that I4e.
ipal Rules of Arithmetic, both Simple and House among the public, through the newspapers, lion. Members
out ; thus leaving at the termination of the Session only 170.
Their !amidships, however, while considering the member of arrears, (mile to he very cautious in the exercise of the extreme power of .t!
re annexed, for the improvement .of the
,es mem each Rule. 3s.
must recollect that many more appeals likely to come in • and liberty of language. When a Noble Person wit:sac:used of unparal- •
'TED CIPH EKING-BOOR, No. :*B, according! after the last Session, there were snew mamas.' The Ivied impudence and insolence, it was, in his-opinion, the observance
se preceding, and calculated to qualify the House, therefore, at the beginning of the present Session of Par. of extreme pretence on the pert of the friends of that Noble Person
anced Rue's of Arithmetic. 3s.who was absent not to retort upon the Hon. Member, and to chg. .'
[ING-BOOKS, Nos. I, 2, and 3. 3s. 'lament, had 201 appeal?, and 28 writs of error—altogether '229, in.
systesayelidnochany,aythlorliedsteianinling of the last Seasion 356. During this racterise his speech in the same language in width the Honourable
AIX.; Learned Member had thought proper to characterise die ccas ..
•
' PRACTICAL ARITHMETIC. By
Lordships had disposed of 126 and consequently there
Mice! Teacher, Russel House Acadeoiy, remained 103
appeals an writs oferror; and if they went on as they
TUTOR'S ASSISTANT; a new and had done for anotheryear, and calculated the additional eppeals atso, Lord FOLKESTONE begged to call the Han. and Gallant
• ,
Mt miser to order : first, because it was a breach of the orders of the '
there would he to be disposed of LAI, which, by die mations of their
ining m variety of Exercises particularly House to allude to what had passed on a former night. Besides, •
Lordships, might be reduced at the erd of the next Session to 26
',stem of Trade and Commerce. By R. or 27. r the Hon. alember admitted that he was rot himself present on tire •
Alec whole difficulty woula be thus conquered. li
occasion that the expressions to which he alluded were spoken.
rES' PRACTICAL ARITHMETIC, that it would be said "you will have appeals in proportion to the
From his ( Lord Folkestone's) recollection of what had fallen front
quickness with wheat get rid of them •" but such was not
nly as are msential for a Female Educe. (million and he was the more re • d**
o convince that the contrary would. be his lion. and Learned Friend en that occasion, he had been mis. ,
reacher of the Mathematics in the King's the ' from the
case, oni teat, that from Scotland, in 1823, there were 59 quoted by the lion, and Gallant Member.
•Iti
herborne. 4 21*
Tile SPEAKER suggested to the Hon. and Gallant Member
appeals, in 11024, 39, and in 1825. 29; and liehad reason to expect
naterseemener GUIDE to MUTH- pat [be diminution woahl ha still that lie was certainly out of order, In at all alluding to anytlang e
ater. Me-had only aim to
eiety of new and useful Questions, ;mph- that had faHenfromatly-Bort. Member on a former night, anti be
propose, (list of the five days which•l rd 1.
their en a iips gave up to act_ likewise a Course of Book-keeping liywas still more out of order in adverting to the publication ca
Peals , one of those days shuuld be employed in the disposal of those
I. Barnes, Master of St. John's School, the debates of the (louse, the publication of which was itself's
which during that Session came in ; and this would prevent an y
H
10K-KEEPING. inducement to appeal, because of the delay. He had found
tht, breach of one of the standing orders of the House.
31r. CANNING said, that if his Hon. and Gallant Friend were
g•
greatest satisfaction to exist, particularly in ecotlane with respect
)N to BOOK-KEEPING, anmprising f: the arrangements their • •''
Lordships had made; and lie con-
`somewhat more accustomed to the dexterity of debate sometimes
ide, arranged by Single Entry • Italian
to in that House, be would not directly advert to the soon
• • gratulated their Lordships on the prospect of overcoming the slit'. resorted and the present Practice of the Counting gi • •
cu ties in their way. son of these Three Methods. To which' Lord ItOeSLY ' N completely acquiesced in the view which the a statement somewhere.
and Answers on Merchants' Accounts,
.iit.lst in Scot-
With engraved Forms, &e. Detigned lard d • * •
a ie arrangements upon this subject had given the greatest
Right flan. Friend for the suggestion he had throwit out, and
Houses. Bit C. Morrison, Accountant, .
would availhimself of it. He had understood, then, it had horn let •
satisfaction,
n, Ilvo. price St. bound.
stated that a Right Hon. Friend of his (Mr. Arbuthnot), whose
The Scotch Copartnerships Bill; the Isle of Man Trade Bill,
i laF USEFUL LITERATURE: the Scotch Cutting and Maiming Bill, the Smuggling Preveittion abseece (from indisposition) he deeply regretted, had intended ra 1 i
shed by Geo. B. Whittaker, Ave-Maria- Bill, the Warehousing of floods Bill, the Newspaper Bill, and the appoints son of his, who was under age, to be agent to the trust--; a. tt 1
e, price tal. each, of Writs of Error Bill, were read a third time and passed. Now his Right lion. }friend had not any son under age ;it was 4 i
TECH ISMS of the ARTS and The Customs Reaulation Bill, the Customs Duties Complidetion has
2. .
true intended to have a eat' p) ted his eldest son as agent, who was 1
SCIENCES. . Bill, the Ships' RegistrySCIENCES. Bill, and the Colonies' Trade Rill, therefore be presumed to be very Competent to the performance of were a years ot age, who was a Major in the army, and who might
form to for the basis of every branch respectively passed through Committees.
are of themselves, in tact, "an Epitome Col. Cawthorn, and other Members of thellouse of Commons, the duties of agent. Ile hoped his Right Hon. Friend would not
h deterred; by
e clamour within doors or out of doors, from fulfilling
'Fhe style in which they are written is
• brought up the Report of the Committee of Inquiry into the State e, conveying instruction to the youthful of Ireland.
his intentions towards him. The claims which had been set up to
inable by the use of snore elaborate and The House then Adjourned. . this prize money were matey of them the most nonsensical and absurd. /
In short, while they fix on the mind the ---emee--.. It was required by some that the buildings and the materials in them
and the fundamental principles of Science, HOUSE OF COMMONS, FRIDAY, JULY I. be sold for the purpose of augmenting the amount of the money.
. •
from the burthen of retaining a mass Or As well might the soldiers who fought at Waterloo require that the
---
her books necessarily abound. They con- a. I)ECCAN PRIZE-MONEY: Tuileries and its furniture be sold for the purpose cf ir_
aon the following subjects : Colonel LUSH INGTON rose to present a petition from several creasing the amount of prize-money to the English army, and as
• compensation for their services. the lion. Member proceeded to 1 -
neral Knowledge Mental Philosophy officers of the Deccan army, complaining of misrepresentation in to , , . • • .
avert
a pamphlet which had been published on the Deccan
agraphy Mineralogy the imputation of delay to the trustees appointed to administer the •
..
Diogy • Modern History Deccan prize-money. lie was himself interested in the distribution Prize-money, which contained many false and libellous imputations
• .
ontetry :Morality as well as the officers whose names were subscribed to the present on the conduct of the trustees. That pamphlet waaan anonymous
I
rman Grammar Music petition, and he felt in common with them that no blame was im- publication, and had been prepare: by sonic persons who had
• abused the confidence of Sir Thomas Hislop. The principal
rek Greniniar Mythology . potable to the trustees, but that throughout the whole transaction
brew Grammar natural History they had evinced the most unwearied exertion in endeavouring to that it contained a elinst the conduct of the trustees was
char •e
yty
d. i a.
ta at th _ did not submit the opinions of the Attorney-Genernl
Wary Navigation bring it to a speedy and satisfactory termination. They were not
and the responsible Law Officers of the Crown to the revision of l
story of England Ornithology liable to censure surely for the interval of' time that had elapsed be-
- Scotland Painting in Oil tween the present period and the time of die issuing the warrant fur an attorney appointed by some of the claimants. He would repeat, - -
-- Ireland Perspective their appointment. That warrant did not bear an earlier date than that there was no unnecessary delay in the conduct of the trustees, -- France Poetry March 23, 1823 ; and when it was considered the correspondence and whatever delay was occasioned was created by the captors
-- Rome Religion that was carried on between the Treasury and the East Inelie Corn- themselves.
(Hear, hear.) . .
_—_... Greece Religious Denomi- patty, and the variety of claims to be entertained, it would not be HUMS said 3lr. , that in presenting the petition which he has
1
--- America nations thought that en unnecessary delay had taken place. He happened eel to the uec nI o • i
submitted 1 e a former night, he had not on light
2 parts Rhetoric to be in India at the time that the appointment of the Duke of grounds - •
the Jews Sacred Geography Wellington, as one of the trustees, had been made, and .he could .. He had
oftemrequired of the petitioter (Colonel Fitesimoti), and
those who in common with hi ' complained of this delay, to
ithyology Scripture History bear testimony to the great satisfaction with which that appoint- - • II ,- ...•
lion Grammar Spanish Grammar mcnt had been received by the army there, from a recollection of out thegrounds on which they accused the trustees at um.
trx,),lnt .
. . . , .
of •
procrastination in toe adjustment their claims.
nd Surveying Trade and Commerce how dear the interests of that army meat be to him who had borne '!'hey''''''" am
directed his attention to a passage in a letter signed Wel.
tin Grammar Universal History so memorable a part in its achievements. (Hear.) Claims to the
- Impon and F. Arbuthnot declaring, in reply to an epplication on
gic Use of the Globes, 2 amount nearly of two miilions were put fereard in the shape of , -
part of the claimants for information. " that they would re-
ahaniceparts, Terrestrial & most extra-vent demands. The lion Member here read the con- the , ‘
•
• • ceive information, but they would give none." This refusal in-
had,
Celestial eluding prayer of the petition, which prayed that there ,night
doted him to think that nilgoing on right, as he tetelit
with an Explanatory Map to each, not be any interruption in the course of proceedings adopted at o . . ' was not . .
no satisfactory ground for this refusal. As to the oars-
price Is. present by the trustees. He was desirous of taking this opportu• discover.
-moat claim for two millions, lie did not see it anywhere stated i i ,
APllla ANCIENT GEOGRAPHY, nity of stating, that the delay had been in a great degree two'.
the petitiem, nor did he know that such ma staiemeni had been ma:::
MY, BIBLE HISTORY, and 1115- sinned by the extravagant demands of (persons fur a share in the
t on the contrary, he found in the petition teat the claim was tat
distribution, and by the delay in furnishing the lists of 1 ersone
thd
• moderate, and that the petitioner stated merely his belief that re se Publications respectfully submits the who were duly entitled to the prize-money.
themeunted to 700,0001. Want of notice could me be objected to ~ Lord Chancellor of England (the especial The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER felt great plea;
patlon which heolresented, presented, as, not knowing that tie Hon.
urn), as delivered by him in die Court of sure in heating the petition which hail been just presented to di
•
and
ta 'I it Member (Sir 11. Hardinge) intended to become the de-
it 3". •
House by his Hun. amid Gallant taiend. The sentinicnte which fender of the Duke of Irellington, he had sent the petition to the
applied to the Lord Chancellor to grant contained were quite in orison with his own, as throughout :he .
quer the day before he presented it,
'
i certain Booksellers from printing, pub. whole affair he had thought the Duke of Wellington and Mr. Ar-
Chancellor of the Exche
ed editions of " Pinnock's Catechisms," butlinot had been most unfairly dealt with. It was certainly his which he thought was the - proper channel through which to coin-
he denominated " useful compendiums of (the Chancellor of the Exchequer's) impression that there was not municate the no:ice.
nile classes of society ;" his Lordship, on a single person in this country whose appointment to the office of
Mr. S. RICE said, that he was in the House when his Hon. ani
Learned Friend had spoken, and he certainly did remember that
°pies with the genuine works, granted the trustee would be received with such general satisfaction as that of
the
expressions attributed to him by his Hon. and Gallant Friend
. .
wing attentively examined the latter, was the illustrious Duke. (Hear, hear.) He had it more in his power
paving Hon. and Gallant Friend had been •
ing important observation on them :—than any other person to bring the business to a satisfactory fermi. had been used by him. If his
Present when his lion, and Learned Friend had spoken, he pro- • a
adults might be greatly benefitted by the nation, from his connexion with the army, and from hisavell.known
a bobby would have himself •
not expressed with such warmth as he
entain, as well as the younger branches of attachment to its interests. lie knew the difficulties too of unoer-
d'dthat
i night It was idle to trust to the reports of newspapers;
taking to act as trustee, to which he could not have been prompted ,
telly begs leave to observe, that, independ- by any tnotive of interest, lie knew the (maim there would be no end to mutual accusations, ifreliance was to be
(maiming nature of the , ~ .
urn above.mentioned, " Pinnock's Cute. claims—the extravagant demands that were made for this prize-mo.
placed:
in that (louse.
upon them, and they were to oee made the foundation of
re general approbation of a most numerous nay, and that, however the distribution might be made, that still the
charges
Sir H. HARDIN - E . 0 said that the expressions attributed to the
Stelligent teachers. They need only to be expectations of many must be necessarily disappointed. Under
_a. member
in
the newspapers remained uneontradicted by the
ersal adoption ; the information they con- these circumstances, he would not besiiate to say, that if the Noble lion.
t Lass eo and Learned Member himself. The expressions were re-
combining being unparalleled, and the style in Dukehadnsulted with him, he would have advised him not to have Hon. .
in combining ease, conciseness, and perspi. undertaken the duties of a trustee ; but the Noble Lord, from his Ported alike several newspapers, and as they were not disclaimed
affection to the interests of the army, was above any calumnious by the Hon. Member himself, he thought it unfair to turn upon f
into these works, we have been pleasingly imputation which might be put upon his conduct, and he volunta. the reporters, and to accuse them of an inaccuracy of which the
• , .
snd accuracy of the information they con- rily undertook to perform this act of service to the army. The only Hon. and -Learned Member did not himself accuse them. (iese)
I .
'ompase, and in so excellent a ferns; and tangible charge, indeed, on which delay or neglect was founded by He could not but continue to think that the expressions of the lion.
convenient, accurate, well-arranged, and the lion. Member (Mr. Hume) was, that the trustees did riot cont. and Learned• Needier were intemperate and improper.
es.
of a
Thee SPEAKER unwilling to interrupt the progr -
[ never submitted to general observation." municate with the agents of the claimants. They were desirous ofwas .
t a former night wits
communicating with the General of the army, who would be more debate at any time, but to rater to a debatedo
to exculpate Wreath A
certainly a reference quite out of order,
remark, that many spurious Editions, ex- competent to give them the information which they desired and
front sources •
ibove, ere circulated throughout the king. wanted for the adjustment of these claims. With this disposition by a commentary upon what
had taken place, taken
what had taken place there,
. . .
•
d therefore be cautious to purchase none to receive information, on the part of the trustees, he thought it that could net be acquainted with
ai,
she
is of the publisher (Geo. B. Whittaker) in was no mortal offence for them to have declined a communication without a breach of order, was anything but a justification
with the attorneys, who might wish to hold an intercourse with course adopted by the Hon. and Gallant Member.
to say anything which •
ECHIS3IS, complete, primed on fine them. The aspersions with which the Duke of Wellington and ' Sir IL HA RDINGE would be sorry..
•upon the strict rule of discussion in that House,
ice 41.45. neatly haf-bound. 3lr. Arbuthnot had been visited, were 'mist unduly imputed to might infringe.
FRENCH CATECHISMS. therm He weuld repeat, that the. Interests of that army could not but he could not express any regret for the opinion tie had pro. e
UEOGRA PH lE, qui donnera aux En- be intrusted into safer or more honourable hands, than those of the nounced.
cIIA 11 could not forbear from expressing his im idee dairy et concise du Monde et de Illustrious Duke, who was so bright an ornament of it. Wear, Mr. BPIU .
It
and Gallant Member should feel him print that the Honourable . .
[ suer-
des ecoles. Par M. J. G. Delavoye, de bear.) '
make the attack which he bad made n his . $
'rice Is. Dr. LUSHINGTON said, that notwithstanding the anxiety self called upon to . . pon
Learned Friend (Dr. Lasko n 1 merely on a
l'H ISTOIRE d'ANGLETERRE, &c Wit warmth with which, the Right lion. Gentleman had vindicated Ilmourable and .
.. are et And 4 -
t which be had met with ip a.oewepsper. ha was the
Price Is. thecondeettif the trustees, he must continue to be of the same opinion account
4-•
surprised that he qui., ho wlthoot havi ask
3EE de la BIBLE et de PEVA MULE, withrnspeet to their conduct, that he had been in the first instance. more .
and
Le:Tilled ye • . . ng ao
Honourable he realgl trkitsi If
asses A Passage des pensions Anglaises. He would may noir% as he had said before, that the conduct of the him . . .
Prim Is.
.441C41400•110 SlaPrOCOdUlled. That an Moaner was WI to be inT thing t qx.effem4yo • a t sit
. .. .
Nes
4
. ,
