Substiip at Hall, per

Messrs. R. Raikey
and Co. 2d remit-
tance 300 0
Siitot y
frnm and en.
W. D.lll, Est 41. nob. IO 0
Vineumit Bid putt,
Oil anitaerivlion 20 0
l'llidiuttou,Oanti, per
Rev. J. Clubitry
Waterstoek.Oson, per
W. H. Arliburat, Esq.
91. 8.. 2J.
I Fleuliiirtnn 0:08

R.•. T. H.
Vl'berwnod.... 91. le. 6J.
OIC .11.
r RV,. T. Spe,deil
6/ 144. 3d.
Tidmorsh, Berke, per
Rev. T. Wmee.... 6 0
From (-toils amid Co.

Iltet. S. Rokarti
Min Vobarta
Mos 11. A. Robarte lO 0
Wureester, pre err
wit k ad C 0... 230 0
From klsore. Bayern', 4 Co.
A. X.

Bor. J. W. Estli;ole
151. le. 61.
Mr. John Emery 1 0
Lewes Subscription,
per Hurly sad Co. 67 9
Glotice.ter, fourth re.
millassoe, per Tur.
per and Co. 230 0
Wellington, Sonortati,
suo.Jrybuloncripi lea.
per Mena. h. awl
buns
From Ssuob, Ysyuc. sod Co.
Ceitioolork, Moms, prr
nee. K. BroaJley 5 10
Foutsersty, Kent, per
she Kee. E. IVar.
rs uer ........ 111. Ills. 94.
Bodfiel.l Es-
sex, per the Itc•. B.
))))) to irk
iVetlierefirld, Es a%,
per J. Ataloson,
[sq . 111. 18s. 6J.
Cullom, Oxon. pit'
hßev. I:. Winile.... 33 12
But kinnol, Elect., I,er
Itt y. J. 11. 51irliell 7 5
Kri.holl, Heft*, per
ditto
Lt. Mary'n, wing-
too, po.r Bee. .4. C.
Ouslow 1121. Bs. 10d.

per H. ISlackbatl,
Esq. Treasurer.... 50 0
Cobham, Kens, per
Rey. Jobe Stokes
631. Is. 34.
Aldenbsys, Herta, per
Rev. C. Lomax .. 36 14
Doreatb, Kew, per
Rey. G. Ileasoung 017
Forrkitans, do. per do. 3
rytield, Res ks. per
We. T. 14 lut field
- 11. 14e bd.
Radar,ll, Herta, per
lt.r. W. Py Rae.
tur
WOrIVISSIM4III per
Res. T. Eamsuu •• 0 14
Cluliewdest. per date 119
Cobham, Kent, per
Rev. Jobs. R.o.k 37 0
Grays TbusrJek, per
Horton and Co. 101.0 s. Id.
Deesslingma, per Rus-
sel sod Co 111. Os. 3d.
Ntllloll, WAIST. tr. r
the Churches, dens
laud Or ..... rs 101 171. ed.
Slocuck, per N •
Churek, Esq 141 2s. Id.
aseswardiue, Salop
101. 0., 34.
Drayton 191. 3s.

iii
31malsent, per Fisher
and C.
wi,iford, rases. ....
liliamon. Moyne, per .
I. tVnosl sod Co. 131.8. Oa.
Weston Ken, per du. 2 •
Tvilitery, per do 59 0
Diele•riow mid (lid
bil rYsini-i he. II ill,
per do.
Cioadle raid Vicinity.
II per Pi, ell •nd 11,;nre
1201. 16s. 341.
IL amley and Slab/tad,
.por Sparlies and rO.
• 1,31.,fik.14.
Hilh•Ostfar. per ~„........
Josue! aid Ga. 81.8 M. Id.
-CU opine 0 weiresper du. 23 8
Frei* liters Deck end
Adana. •
Cevriney .. t . ..... .. 10 0
3layor and Corpora-
tion of Coventry 50 0
Tollehill, prr Pe, 11,
Brine, earl Cu. 14/. 1,. 6i.1.
I Realer, per lamest
Pn.l Cu
We hoer Cider, per
Ri•v. J. Dolphin .... 1 10
Miiiiiit Ron% per
It. v J. Ilea I'D
Birch, per K. v. R
Well, r •/ 13s. W.
Liitle Chickinn, pri
Rrv. J. Jefrreom .. 4 1
Co;iford, pet &c.o.
Holmes ..... 81.441,61L
Woodstock, per Rev.
D. 3lsvor .... 341. Is. 9d,
DUI bridge, p• ei R• v. 1
J. Dyke ...... 71. 15s. Id.
Tll.lmpineton, per Rev.
J. Hailstone 5/ ss. 6d.
Homing/ad, per IL v.
C. M. Torten,. 101. 7s. 3.1.
Cont.-touch, per Dec
R. Marston
Bromley. per the Rev
W. lie/kites k .. 2/ 4s. &I.
Struudwiarr. tor Rev
D. Wllliants ...411.25. 3d.
Noel fay •uil suet.
store, per Rev. T.
Bingham 41 6s. 9.1.
Barcl.e.ll,ll, per It i r.
T. Snow 4/. 10s. 6d.
Shipstuu un-Sinur, per f
Rev. F. Desinsioloy
7sl. IM. 61.
Tidneiebiou. per ditto 4 7
Hell ilighsp, per Rev.
T. C. Grant _33 13s. 6J.
. Little Rampino, per
ditto lll. 10s. 6J.
acmes/ Si. Jaynes,
Rev .J Mossime 121 12s. W.
, Pentbury, p, rK.v. &
Woodbine 9 7
Datchwursh, per Rev.
C. W. Johuson l4 14
Tonsisll, per Itiv. J.
Hotpot'
Tramiel.% prr Rev. D.
Putt
IlleMeil, per ditto .. 4 3;
Irorminetun. per Rey.
8. E. Geriard ..18.. 3,1.
Donibloon, per thou
U. 13s. U.
Hinton-on the-Green,
peril, vi J. Borldeli 31 Os 2,1.
St. Nabobs', Dm he in,
per Buckwaie & Cu.
16/. 4s. 6.1.
F. nm Earl Browolon,
per Raw. W. Out-
tendril, by Maley
and Cu 69/. Its. 64.
Si. Stepbeoe, Exeter,
per the Rev. W.
a Stella or.. •••.ii • • • 20 0
Monger, per Rei. 3. 8.
Warman- I/. 4..11d.
Grationikorpe, ' 111.1 r. • i
R. Syer l2l. 16s. 6d.1
St. Oswald, per Deck-
house and Co. 141. 16s. Ild.
W•reliem, per Rev.
• G. H. Hyde .. 113/. O. 6d.
Old Rlerinse, Ware-
ham. per the Rev.
T. Thomas
New 31. e, ioe, ditto,
per Rev. J. Wills
Winfrith, per Rev. G
G. Faker ...... 3I 41. 64.
Weis Lulworth ... . 3 8
Ilacolun, per Rev. I'.
Stralopesys
Ower Moigne, per
Rev.- Cooks 4/. 3P, 21.
Winterborne, Abbas 5 Ii ,
Wieterborue, Slip',
ion W. 13.. 9d.
Follet Forewarn, per
Rev. G. M,relt 11. 12s. Id.
Tolpoddie, p.r Rev.
T. Warreu .. W. 15s. Ild,
Hootelon. per Rey. W.
CIIIIICri
1811,1, Keel, per Rev.
W. Manner .. 41. 150.104. '
Neweird, pe r ditto :IL Bs. bd.
Past Horsley, Surrey, ,
per Rey. J. Warne.
_l,,
turd .
East Ham, Emex, per - '
Rev. W. J. H• 11.... 04110
Day, Glutamine, per
i Rm. E Coro we 11341. 1 ii.lld.
1 Swaleetiff, per Rev. P.

rterey
Genie., •ad Conners
of Chfiva, Bra. !I 0
Fartshorooak, per It. v.
It.lewlu 7l. Is. 361.
Valley, per dub 8/. 1.. ad.
$l. Bartholomew tha
Gwat, by Mr. B
Clarke
/talky, per Itt v. P.
Pdi ht.
A. 'told Chinch. Mall. 10 1
Yuc•tl Chu,' 11, per
Rev. J. Itylaod ....17 .1
Hulware.prr
Rev. FA...ma Cools. 9 0
Tatbury, p.r K•v.(..
Robins , 481 17..6d.
Elba. per the r
Bain{ 23/. ti.. 7d,
Swell, p• r Rev A. J.
Saab

worthy, per Rey. G. r.
!Abilene
Hadley, .
-
per Rev. J. R.
Mete', ..... 441 14
Sunbury, per Kew. J
(*owe 107 0 !.
Fitton, per Rev. 11 •
Fowler ' • 0 19
Either'', per Rev. J
K S. Awoke ..041.13e. od.
Wet Peter's Claspek' •
Erns* ortb, pee Dr.
Davila -
ModdYema. per Rev
0 RayamamS 1* 11s. id.
Pelemareb. Remy per
ditto
Woolbcdnig, W r Rev.
Julie 4lowyerie 18/. 4.. Gd.
Roow.ll, per Rec. N.
Ketuble .. 3 41
Reni.der, per 4 4l. O. 41.
Haile mere,
'Reid. Raker 00 0
Hala‘ed, pee Raw. J.
Sampama ..... 10
Weal Peckham p. r
Rev. H. T. hypes_ 13 13
liar adou.ea•Me4ll4l.. •
per the Rreerra'd H.
649,MA...ea ll* 3. 0
Ewe, yak Om bia-
pclry‘ a 01ertA, per
•the Reeiread Javan ' •
Ra " ill. 1.8.5 d.
Welioyo, per the Itev.
88. Jelling, Knight.. 31-
Cmdieme. per £he Key.
J. J. Farmaad UV. 100. 80.
itnbbiegerori hi per Ike
new. rhuneas Smith - 8 8 *
arstrorill, per the Rev,
Audit., Price 1 10
South Church, per .
Ser. S. Stafford b/. 111. I J
lioreeey, per Rev. C.
Cay 661. 79.
.(11,111 Saimpfurd, per
Rm. Dr. IJoyd 1,1.9 a. 8.1.
Immalteld, !at Rev.
R. !lay se BO Pe
ainogntliy
Kiwi worth, per Rev
T. &Whims.. 4J 3.1.
T.
Al'...' Sub.eriptioe,-per
Levy ad Co. Obl. 14e. 3J,
al • rn1,1,161, per Key.
. K. Riley
George Ham Devoe.
per Th. dote. KN. 15 1
• East Dome, per
Collin, Fag. 91. 14e. :l I '
Lome, per 10v. K. •
Kew rck , 31. 16, 10,11. • •
.Couetiebor y, per do -
Per Mr. Goddard
Speer,. Chereh 4 3.. 3,!.
Suite
Mrs. Page4pes. •
bill ' 8 II
Mr. T. Swig',.:... tt Y

.r

r

1

I

I

kt 01,

I

FW
H

~.J

A' t I - ft.
Wenthara, per Rr•. G. minghiM, per Rev.
Murree
Ryersh, per Rev. J. Norio", per Rev. T.
11. *ley
Rating, per Rev. W Orli ley, per Rev. J.
Newell
Offlosm, per Rev. T. Prestos, Kent, per Rev.
-.Aloyekerrso ....51. 184.6 d. • IL S. Mortimer 71. 19s. 6d.
1 eybo u roe, per do. 131.75. 6d. Fevershani, per Rev.
So ttoo - Valmsee, per J. Del
Rev. C. A. Payler 11 0 Donato', per Rev. G.
Stageratesd; per Rev. Millett
11 Courtney .. 261. IL. 6d. Rentlow sod Hamlet 13 8
Barking, 2d sub. pee Shndyciomps, per Rev.
Riv.o. Ledge 48/.106.6d. Joseph Hell .. V. 3s. Bd.
Bledlow; per Rey. W. Merlon, per Rev. A.
Meephims
Bonito., per Rev. Jos. Rev. Wilfred Cute 5 1
Reber . 9 I) Within, per Rev. W.
Trivia, per Rev. W. W. Pepsin .... 5/. 7s. 114.
Oilier
IS . li‘e ter's, Thasel, per Rev. R. Bingham
Riev.R:L.Soltoo46/.175.10d MA 15s. 64.
Fl• Worth, per Fieber Nockholt, per Rev.
sad Sims 41.175. 6d. T. Harman ...14/. 14s. ed.
Longdon Hills, per Manton and Snows
Rev. W. Hayes.... S 17 Hill, per Rev. R
Marlton, per Fishes Wynneatt
Ohl Son S 17 High Roding, per Rev.
Se. Clenseat's, per Do l4 16 C. Powleti .... 71. es. Id.
W. Asdrevr's the Great Stoodon Mersey, per
petPDltto 41/.2e. 6d. Rev.!. Bolden, 8/. 12s. 64.
North Moorhen', per Staplefind Abbots. per
Rev. S. Staffer, d .... 614 Rev. Jas. Hudson
ebhettoill, per Rev. W. I 371. 16s. 94.
Nettleship 6 6 The Leicester COM-
'Nibs. cum Chithurst, mittee, per Pole and
per Rev. R. Fiery. Co 100 0
moo
Christ Chinch, Bir- otiose
A. the Collection fur Contributions, under the King's Lot-
ter, err the Relief of the Distressed Irish, is to be made from
house to house, it is earnestly submitted to Gentlemen is the
respective parishes that they may render the most essential
service dike, will assist is the Collection ill the I Dis-
tricts of their Parish.
Gestic-men who may be so benevolently disposed aro re-
quested to send to the Vestry their names sea the District
is which they purpose to assist in the Collectitio.
The Committee meet at the City of Londos Tams,
daily, et 1111tves for Twelve.
. Setiseriptions are received at the Committee Room, be-
llies"' rise hours of Twelve and Four; by Smith, Payne, and
smiths; sad by all the Banker. is London and Westminster.
By order of the Committee,

MICH. WM. TROY. Hos Ste.

AoINRT
rE Du, to RENT in
Queen,
or
wa rtdhsrie
oNo Neighbourhood
or or Great
IGenvge street, Westminster, a SUBSTANTIAL FAMILY
I eat, lu good repair, Unfurnished; it must contain lye
or six .Bed-rwome, with two Drawing-rooms. The Premises
Hi eft-slate to be entered upon immediately, and the Rent,
with Tittles, not to exceed SOO Guineu per souls.
Liners addressed (post-paid) to W. W., at Messrs. Saul
Adelphl Wharf, will be immediately attended to.

EAST INDIA HOUSE, iNLT IC, mi.
TiE COURT DIRECTORS of the
of HE
I.INITED COMPANY of MERCHANTS of ENG-
LAND, trading to the EAST INDIES, do hereby otos
Notice,
That the COMMITTEE of BUYING sod WARE-
HOUSES will be ready to receive Proposals is writing, seal.
id up, on or before WEDNESDAY, the 17th mutant, from
ouch Perceive-as may be willing to supply the Company with
• qUatnity of
)BRITISH COPPER,
exportation to India, as Military Stores; and that the
ConditMos of the Distract may be area spots spplication
to -the Ow& of the said Committee, with whom the Pro.
pose's. most be left before Nieves of the Cloth on the said
11flt intrust, after which hoar the Committee will not receive
soy Tender. JOSEPH DART, Secretary.

EAST INDIA HOUSE, JOLT 10, 1544.
rrilit COURT of DIRECTORS of the.
AL UNITED COMPANY of MERCHANTS of ENG.,
LAND, trodhip to Ma EAST INDIES, do hereby die{
Aofico,
• That the COMMITTEE of BUYING sod WARE.
HOUSES will be ready to receive Proposals is writings
said op, en or before WEDNESDAY, the 31st of July,
ISPI, from sash Perseus as way be willing to supply
the Conspey with
SCRAP IRON:
A.id the Goadilitiss of the Cuntrilel may be seta ow op.
location to the Cleils of the said Committee, with 'hose the
Is east he Leh before Eleven o'Clork in the Fem.
lie said 31st of July, after which hour the Cow.
MIMS latil . fewSvo soy Tender.
•-• JOSEPH DART. Secretary.
•

• KART INDIA HOUSE, JutAr 10, 1825.
ripllß COURT of DIRECTORS of the
UNITED COMPANY of MERCHANTS of ENG•
LAND, trades" to the EASI4 INDIES, do hereby girt
Monet,
that t►e COMMITTEE of BUYING sod WARE.
HOUSER Will be ready to reerive Proposals lo writiow,
sealed up, ow of before WEDNESDAY, the tot► Jely,
111”, from sat% Pewits as II a y be willing to supply the
Cotuouy wit►
PACKING CASES:
Aud that the Coadltiorte of t►e Cabinet may be seem epos
oloptlestlearbslbe Clerk of the said Committee, wit► whom
she Plopishob must he RR belbre Elevea o'Ctoek ea Ore
• sod ISt% ivy of July, idler which hoar the Committee will
out shale fry Toodet.

JOSEPH DART, Steretery.

•
ehaur OsIIN!—LITTLE Risk?
TEN CAPITALS in TEN MINUTES,
IMILT TUESDAY. 16th of THIS MONTH (July).
mod tiro *bele Tee meet be gaino4 ter the trainer risk of
14. tle. web, belt( only ?Hewes Penedo for Tem Capitals.
Telneoesd Mane ere wow willow by BIM!, Sioek-beaker,
*MOON Nets L•ttery Offices, 4, Geeslin, sad 9, Charing.
win% Moedeek sad by bin Ageeis is the Cogan".
lbspiew fere dapted,s Whole Ticket ulsinntely eel,
new M. M. sad s Sherentb wily now Meiling; other
SMr is powyettioo.
ens iffhlff shirred And oath Two Petra of 90,000 emir
flotellyjfeo ocher Capitals Is the Mid ho Mowths.

SCARCE ANY RISC.
piabiNG sad Co. NG. 1, Cornhill, are
eeellerel ae Persoo Oa refrain has ssaktaw as
Allsreotore with thew, who peruses their estimably" Sebeiwee,
ale there tor wow am opportunity, *Wisest natio( the kiss of
warettran 4 Shaba(' by purchase of a Siuteseth (awl wlier
Ifheirso in proweetios) ; for although the cost price be
it 10s. 84. you slay receive back U. Ss. OS. airy the. before
G• th duty, eves if it is a Bleak, a Sewall Prise, or UsArawa,
stow Imitiog had the Chance of the follow*/ Teu Capitals,
which will be decided She First Day, NEXT TUESDAY:
Two first Prises /2,000 each
Two seat Prizes l,OOO each
Twos's. Prins 5OO each
crate t Prise,
• Iterevagrat Prises tett sorb
Barabreoliallolars aebeee• eoutsiee Two of 30,0064., Toe of
111111111.14ead rigour tTshaoe in Coosols awl Mosey, sod sow*
AI %ea mar mar be bed at the Leek/ Comer, N. 1,

co*,A NAIMItt. Jvcr 10.
11010. Price.
Veweistle .
tesiSeelmod

IMPERIAL P,4RLIAMENtI.
HOUSE OF OF LORDS, Wereorsomr, JULY 16.
I'lreir Lordships let al twelve o'clock.
APPEAL.
FoLLsavow, Appaltant ; Sir How DALawmpLe

HAMILTON, Bari. Respondent.
This was an Appeal from the Court of Session (Scotland).
Mr. Adam and Mr. Thompson were heard for the Respon-
dent.— Further hearing postponed.
Their Lordships al four o'clock adjonraed daring pleasure.
The LORD CHANCELLOR at ten minutes before bee
resumed his seat en the woolsack.
The Cork sod Skibberees Roads Bill was read a second
lime.

ILL-TREATMENT OF CATTLE BILL.
Lord ERSKINE gave suttee bat be would move the
'reeved reading of the above Bill on Tuesday next. The
Noble and Learned Lord moved, that t►eir Lordships should
be summoned (or that dity.—Ordered.
The Earl of DARLINGTON presented • Petition from
the Inhabitants of the Perishes of St. Giles sod St. George,
Bloomsbury, is favour of the 111-trestmeut of Cattle Bal.—
Read, and laid en the table.
Lord ERSKINE presented a Pithiest from the Owners
and Occupiers of L.nd in the vicinity of Ipswich, I. the
County of Suffolk, praying that this Corn Impartation Bill
might not be passed Salo • law. lint Lordship aim pre.
armed • similar one from Cornwall, and twit to the s•ms
effect from the sootberrie part of the Correll of Disroet.—They

• were severally rend sod laid oe the table.
Sir James Graham, and other Members of Me
of Commons, brought up she Five per Cents. Reps=
Bill ; the Fees of Courts Bill; the Excise Licensee Regto
lade. Bill; the Growing Produce Bill; the leestweet
Debtors' Amendment (Ireland) Bill ; the Charge of Pen-
sion, Bull; the Loa. Bill; and the Prime Lawn Coasolida.
ties RM.—They were severally read • Ant time.
BANKRUPTS.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE presented a Petition from
several Bankrupts who are toadied in the King's Bench Pei.
son, consplaiiiing that although they had passed their last
examination, and there wire no charge of fraud against them,
that' they'eueld not take the benefit of the lasoletat Act, as
that Act was worded, until they had been imprisoned three
years. They prayed that a clause might be introduced into •
the present Bill, limiting their imprisounieet to twelve
months, or any shorter period their Lordship. in their wis-
dom might titbit proper.—Read and laid on the table.
STATE OF IREI.AND.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY laid on the table certain
papers relative to the state of Ireland, by his Majesty's
command.
ALE HOUSE LICENSES.
Lord AUCKLAND mowed the *resod reading of the •
above Bill, which being done, the Noble Lord gave notice
that he would move on Friday next that it might lie re-
ferred to a Committee of the whole House tat that day.
Os the suggestion of Earl BATHURST, the Noble Lord
postponed his motion to Monday next.
The New Churches Bill was read a second time.
The Small Notes BJI west through a Committee, and
wait reported without •ny amendment.
The Register Offices (Scotland) Bill was read a second
time.
CORN IMPORTATION BILL.
On the motion of Earl BATHURST, the Order of the
Day for their Lordship. being sammoued for the third read-
ing of the above Bill was read.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE said be could not vote for
the passing of the BilL Their Lnedshipa ought to retied on
what they had hitherto done. He tried as much as any man
to quell the clamour out of doors when the Coro Act passed
in ISIS, when they were told it was passed for the purpose,
of enriching the laedowner at the expense of manufacture,••
To get a monopoly of grain was impossible; there was sot aa
argument urged against the passing of the Corn Act, that hod'
-.sot been proved to be 'holly false; they ought, tbeeefore,be.,
tore they altered the law as it now stood, to passe. The Neal'
1101 thew quoted& part of thespeech of the Earl of Liverpool,
swayer to • motion of the-Moguls of Lansdowo, fur a Com-,
.mittee to inquire into the state of the Coro LAWS two yeses
back, when the Noble Earl (Liverpool) said, that further
legislation would do mischief, and that it was with
great difficulty be brought himself to vete for the pass-
ing of the Corn Act, anti be was of opieioa if it
, bad nut passed when it did, that it ought not to
have ponied at aIL Ha(the Earl of Lauderdale) would ask
lOW Lordships, was it ,proper, in the face of this speech,
made only two years age by his Majtsty's Prime Minister,
which weal to say that it would be ruinous to the country to
alter the system, to brio' forward the peened to a, and
that after • revolution bad taken place in the agriculturel
'lletereal of the country? He would ask, was it right that
they should isteodoce this new system after they had depee-
ailed all inquiry? As to the Report of the Committee of the
other House of Parliament, it agreed in nothiog but that
it was Impossible to give any relief. He was of opinion that
they oatht to stead steady to she doetrise which had carried
them through fur the last six years. One grand project of
his Majesty's Ministers was, to lend four maltose to the
agriculteriate; and the reason given is support of it was,
that it utoold ion-ease the currency of the country. It was a
taloa gebbelple, fur the people of the country would always
eel • currency for themselves. He would give his negative
be the measure, if it were only on the consideration of the'
impropriety of the time at which it was brought forward.
Hi. Lordship coscholod with moving that the Bill be read
the third time ibis day three month..
The Earl of HARROWBY hoped to be favoured with the
atteetiem of the House whilst he made a very few observe-
lions in reply to the Noble Earl. The prises' measure was
owe which, after considering five or air other plass, had
been sppreared of by the other Howse of Parliament, and be
&sled that his Majesty's Illiaisters could justly be liable to
any charge of incoasisteeey fa adopting it. Taking it to be
correct that wheat could he bought, as stated by the Noble
Earl !Lauderdale), at DIIIOI.IC for 3Se. per quarter, if a bad
harvest were to occur here, the same causes would operate on
the Costinent ; but there was another eaves always in ape.
ratios, and that was this: the moment this cavalry was ia
east of corn, the price directly 'dewed in (rosiest markets
205.0 r 2Se. per quarter, and that might always be coasted
upon in estienatiog the protection afforded by the Sill. He
would maintain that 70e. per quarter now was a better pro.
tectio• to agriculture than 801. per gooier was iu ISIS.
With respect to the core in warehouse, be thought the pro
seat mower/ would have the effect of bringing it oat on the
sherbet prudently, which must be the most beneficial way IR
which it could be introdeced. It was to be observed that
Acre was no political measure but if generally bad ia its
effects, hod some cam peneating quality ; ao though use
doubtedly there was some great seterieg sustained by the
agriculturist, yet the low price of food had gusts • stimulate
to our commerce, whkh wee sensibly felt he all the manatea
tering districts. Without going at say farther length, he
trusted their Lordships would nut adopt the motion of the
Noble Earl.

The Earl of LAUDERDALE sad the Earl of HAR.
ROWDY mutually esplataed.
Lord ERSKINE said it was aekeowledged that the dis.
tresses ofwgrieulture were aggravated by the return to cash
payments, and it was therefore most creel to tell the agri-
calterisve that they suffered nothing, because 70s. wow was
equal to 80s. in 1815. He had before gives full reedit to
bis Majesty's Ministers for the manly part they acted le
passim The Coro Law of 1885, and he was rot so much the-
pond lb blame them sow as some Noble Lords were. He
really believed that t►ey had been sliding se long listening to
the lectures of political theorists, that t►ey knew not what
they were about. Hit should vote for the amendment of the
Noble Lord.

Earl GROSVENOR thought the ml question fur the
House to consider was, whether this was a na called fur
by the country, and by the agricultural late►ns. So far from
it,,,Abat though it was brought is as a boon to theist, they had
eagerly petitioned against it, and that alone would make him
hesitate in giving his assent. The
mai f We to every other interest except the agricul-
tural. It was clear from what bad bees said, that it was fa-
vourable to foreign' trade ead to tbs iaeresse of ue, fur
the duties imposed would have that effect, There was au-
other it&SOU which shootd induce their Lordships to postpone
the tooneore. The value; of stoney nu not yet 99.1ixed, bat

aim! very material alterations might yet tate place. On
every consideration that be could ewe lbe subject, mad par-
ticularly as the country was agate= it, be hoped the measure
would be postponed.
Lord REDESDA LE opposed the measure, as founded on
• wrung principle, and repeated his former objeetiona to the
system of averages.
The Erirl of CA It N A RYON said the main argument ■gnisat
the prase= measure had bees only gkinced at in the coarse of
the discussion, but if the Noble Earl at the bead of the Trea-
sury was in his place ou Taarday gest, os the readieg of the
Small Notes Hill, he should ohs\ endeavoar to call their
Lordship,* attention to it: he meant the attempt (attempt
he called it, fur he did not think that even the power of Par-
liasteut meld complete is) to raise the value of the currency.
With respect to the present measure, he thought it more eli-
gible than the law as it stood at present ; he should therefore
vote against the amendment and in favour oral* KID.

The Esri of H MOW WBY and the Earl of OA RN A RVON
anutuallyesylained.
The Earl of DARLINGTON thought the Bill ill timed,
'inadvisable, and ill.judged„ and in some respects mischiev-
ous. When it was first proposed in the other House, it was
as • measure of relief so the agriculturist; bet when the
Bill come to be unmasked, it emoted over most parts of the
country with which be wee acquainted a great degree of
alarm, which still prevailed, as was apparent from the Peti.
Holm on their Lordships' table. He heartily concurred in
the amendment of the Noble Earl.

The House then :11;;reIOntiteamendisent, when there
appeared—
Content.....
Non comet 3ll

Majority in filmier of the Bill.. 16
The Bill was then read the third time, sod the House ad-
journed at Eight u'Cluek.
____,....--

HOUSE OF COMMONS, WRONRIDAT, Juit 10.

Tile Charge of Pension Bill, the Five peeress. Repay-
ment Bill, and the Loan Bill, •ere read a third time, and
paned.

The Scotch Spirit• Drawback Bill wurepo►ted, sod or-
dered to be read a t►ird lime to•murrow.

THE LATE QUEEN.
The Howse went into • Committee on the Bill for grant-
ing Pensions and All a to the Servants of her late
Majesty.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER stated that
the sum of 2,2851. would be the total amount [ranted, and
that Sieard, Maitre d'Hotel to the Queen, would have • sa-
lary of 4001. a year, and that would be the highest. NO
persons should receive pensions except those who had held
domestic 'jingoes@ in the Queen's Household.
Mr. HUME suggested the propriety of granting 'hove al-
lowaoces us vacancies occurred in the pension list. The al.
towage's to the servants of Qiees Charlotte had been grant-
ed out of the pension list.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, these
pensions were so very few, that it would be inadvisable to
place them ris the pension list.
'Fhe Resolution for grantiug the sum of 2,2851. was then
agreed to.
The Hoses then resumed.
The Report wavordered to be received to-morrow.
THE LOTTERY.
' The Lotteries Bill passed through • Committee. Several
amcudments were made in the Committee the House re.
gamed, the Report was brought up, sad ordered to be taken
iota farther consideration to-morrow.
Mr. HUME moved that it be printed.—Ordered.
RETAILING OF BEER BILL.
Mr. G. LAMB presented a Petition Cons Country Brewers,
praying that the Retailing of Beer Bill might not pass tutu a
law.
Mr. F. BUXTON felt thin Bill to be so objectionable, that
he looped at soy rate there would be time allowed fur mature
discussion. _ . _

Mr. HUME lipped that his Hon. and Learned Fries('
would hike no other soiree of what was urged than to allow
time fur discussion, as the monopoly of the brewers was as
evil w►ich ought no longer to be endured.
MONCK approved of the 8,11, because it went to do.
strop the pernicious monopoly, to whieli many of the brewers
were opposed, sad looked to the opportunity of a free trade
,to extend their own with advantage to themselves sad the
Mr. LOCKHART said that the petitioners could not pre-
lead that the Bill would bring any injury to the public—
while it was by oo means evident that the capital of the
►oorat brewer world at all suffer by throw*/ the trade open.
Mr. H. GURNEY opposed the claim of the petitiourra to
the continuance of lbs monopoly.
Mr. BROUGHAM bail no wish but for the fullest &s-
-cission; but ho could not allow the remarks made to pass
without observation. It was feared that the Bill weal to
injure considerable property which was at present protected
by law is a monopoly. This was a very great mistake the
monopoly was no protected by law, nor would the property
be subjected to role by duiu: away the monopoly. Public.
bootees might now be multiplied at the will of the blsgis-
trate*, sod the properly of lbe brewers and publics.. was
liable to be affected in the same hay, whether the Bill should
pass or not. If the Bill should pan, there would not be
one public-house more formed out that atessiat. It oily
wed to license the sale of beer i■ shops, which for the
health and morals of the lower orders was most desirable
This was no interfereoce wish the direct trade of public.
horses, because their busius se was to accommodate guests
upon their premises. Certainly brewers could nut be injured
by it. If they complained of the loss of business, without re-
mindiag them of die danger they si►esdy stood io from
water sod good beer, or mentioning thst expedient for in-
ertia's' the consumption of emir article, by glviog jest
me , be mot say he could trot see how holiest brewers,
who intended to do justice in their business, with • large
capital already engaged, could have say reason to dread
that the trade should be opened. However, if the hiewors
required to be beard on one side, the public would have •
similar right on the other. There could be on better resent'
given fur this monopoly than that which was about to he
requested of the Home, in • petition from the keepers of
public-houses on the Dover road, that the steam vessels
might be prevented from carrying all their customers, and
nu
hot water allowed to be converted into steam except dur-
ing the winter months, or white the Thames was frozen
Over —(Laughter.)—Tbe discussion on the Bill was then
lard foe Tuesday next, and the Petitiuo was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. S. WORTLEY, adverting to the heavy duties recently
Niel on British woollens imported Mier Portugal, wished to
know of the Noble Maumee if Government had bees in any
communication wit► the Court of Portugal ou the subject ;
for unless he could have some assurance that his emit,-
toents could be relieved from the effects of that polity, he
should feel it Ws duty to bring t►e subject before the House
certifies the next Session ?
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY said that the new
doles bad 'seen laid on by the new Government, contrary to
the atipulatiJas of tba Portugal Treaty of IMO This Go-
verament was "gaged In discussing the subject, but he con-
formed that he mold sot see his way it, sod be could bol be
surprisesllf the Hos. Mealier fur Yt.rkshire were compelled,
for want of a satisfactory explanation, to bring forward his
motion.

Mr. DEMON asked if the Noble Marquis could hold
out any prospect of redeeraium bus promise of the curly part
of the &seas, of establiabiug a third Gestral Assist to the
►ome commies?

The Martinis of LONDONDERRY said that the plan
of a third Assize was so far matured as In he ready fur ap•
pliestion in the Home Counties. It would take place in the
winter months, and would be confined in operatics to a mere
gaol delivery.
Mr. W. SMITH brought in a Bill for the better pre►ention
of Clandestine Marriages. He proposed to have it printed
and dit.trilinted, that it might be well considered during the
vacation, and disroseed early in the nest Session.
The Bill was then road, articled to be printed, sad read a
saz•uad time ibis day these mouths.

POOR LAWS.
Mr. NOLAN rose to move for leave to being is • Bill to
alter sod seal the Pour Lowe. He stated bus object
to be the impro►ement of the condition of the poor ou o•e

•

Land-on the other the reelectioa °lithe 'aimless hopesed for
their maintenance. He thought OW the present condition
of the poor, sod the great stems required for 'heir relief, were
sufficient reasons fir nomplyiog with the deotauds of the
While for some Microgram of the system. He referred to the
Reports of thelrower Clononitters fur other proofs of this ne-
cessity. Among the cassia of most influence on this subject
he reckoned that of population, which had increased 30 per
cost. in 00 yeses. The population iif the whole kingdom he
took from the returns at 21836,007. if the demand fur
labour had corresponded with this increase, it would be the
strongest proof of the nation's prosperity which could be of.
freed. The result of their own inquiries unfortunately de.
rested any such trope. It then became the dutyof Parliament
to devise means fur turning as much of the redundant labour
as possible to a profitable and useful account. He would
first stale the rate of increase in pauperism, which had grows
ten fold since 1750, and now it was discovered that no less
then one person in every tea received in some degree or tither
parish relief. If the increase were to go on with • corns.
speeding increase of population, the expense would swallow
op the entire of abe lauded reveries, upon which it mainly
fell. No one would deny the necessity for some remedy.
Two modes bad been proposed. One had been offered by his
Hon. and Learned Friend (the Member for Scarboroigli)
which appeared. to hint of too violent a character—that of
getting rid ar alms 1111 possible of the whole charge of ',aria'
relief. Hem question of the Poor Laws were Dow Mai to be
agitated, he might have great difficulty in determining for
them. But considering the period during which the law had
existed—considering that the class of persons chiefly Interest-
ed was that of the lowest sad poorest—he could nut suddenly
resolve to tut them off from the resaurce of seven or eight
millions which were mow found necessary for their support.
He mu.t consider any such plan as one full of danger, and
very likely to produce rxtessive discontent and tumult. He
spoke after some deliberation and reeertioo on the abject,
and it did appear to him that the Poor Laws were of
themselves by no means to be considered detrimeatal to the
country; on the contsary, he believed it world be found
that they had been highly beneficial to the general interests.
He could not help remarking that from the tone of their
first enactment in the rely of Elizabeth, in a comparison with
all the nations around, it was observable that the poorer
climes of England were far above the same classes in suy
other coo atry, and bad made much greater advances in civi-
lization that, any people of the same class in the civilise,'
world. The superiority of the English poor over those of
Ireland and Scotland, in all the circumstances belonging
Witte internal regulations ofa civilised commuisity, was strik•
ingly observable. One reason upon which the right of pa-
rish relief was founded, lay in the rise and fall of trading
profit., and the relative rise and fall of wages. in these
fluctuations the progression was much more slow in the rise
of wages than in their fall. Some allowance should be made
furdhe poor labourers who fell into distress by these chooses,
because they would nut always teethe must provident of their
means. Same fund mutt be provided fur that exigency. If be
weeded • practical argument to establish that position,
the preseot distressing situativa of Ireland might serve to
skew that maintaining the incapable poor was nut oecesearily
detrimental to the general interests of a toiletry. Thedifficalty
lay not in concurring with the existing law, lout in securing
its wise nod prudent admioistratioa. His wish was to brio(
hark the practice as near as possible to the statute of Eliza-
beth. By the old law the poor were entitled to support i o eases
of want. But the language of that law was most cautious
and measured ; it secured relief only for the impotent, and
labour for those who could not otherwise get employment.
Ooe of the great sources of evil was io the imprudent sdrai,
niatration of the existing law. Part of this was to be ascribed
to the management of the Magistrates themselves. It was ex-
traordinary that the remissness and want (demotion which bad
increased the number of persons receiving parish relief to
one in every ten, bad the same operation in the days of the
nation's chief prosperity, and when wages were al the highest ;
it was remarkable also that the applications for relief were
in as great proportion from the labourers in productive
trades, as from those in declining agriculture. He described
thealterations winch had beta cif. cited in the old law by the
9th George I. and the al amending Acts of the last
relgn. He proposed, as a remedy for the evil, some consi-
derable alteratioae in the laws of more recent date. The
chief part of his pls. would go to the appointment of Assist.
sot Overseers, to be employed In examining the condition of
the peer applying for pariah relief—to ascertain the ouniber
and state of each family—the habits of the father—and the
wages earn' d by them altogether. He proposed that this officer
should be choose by the select vestries where they existed,
and was otherwise to be under the control of the local ma-
gistrates. Where a parish was large enough to employ him,
there should be one of these officers to each parish. la
smaller parishes, one would be enough for two or Intl.e pa.
fishes, according to the (measles,. The testries were to spe-
cify his duties, the principal of which would be to aid them
in disceruing between the idle sad Industrious moo( the
poor. He remarked on some idle and incorrect helium which
had gone abroad, that a parish could not compel a pauper
belonging to smother and a distinct parish to work. He Meet
interpret
ing of the poor
them. He
Isms,
epr and be
opo,rdtoilassod bees
redeceadbl declaratory
so
ratort;
clause to alter that mulcts, and empower the overarm
to provide employment. and compel the poor of every
hied who claimed reit• fto week. He pointed out various
other modifications which he proposed, the chief of which
wee to eatable parishes to reduce the riposte of roads
and other repairs, by the application of the labour
of paupers, and to enable overseen to seek and procure
labeler for them at any distance within ten miles from their
perishes. After some further arguments in salmon of his
plan, which he described c Ily to be that of reversing
to the spirit of the statute of Elizabeth, be said that his
object at present was to have the Bill brought is and printed,
that it might be circulated sad well considered before the
House should meet again. He concluded by moving for
leave to bring in a Bill to amend the laws respecting the
poor.

The Marquis of LONDONDERRY complimented t►e
Hon. and Learned Cellilemur on the polo. and caution
which, be had used in bringing this subject (upward. He
felt wit► heat, t►at though some remedy was isdispeneable fur
Kee growth of the poor rates, there was the strongest objec.
lion to tearing away soddenly that system of perish relief
which bad grow. up with the social structure, and could
not be removed altogether without the meat fatal danger to
■II the interests of the country. At she IRON time he ad-
vised t►e House to allow the Hon. and Learned Greetlemon
his motion, without undertaking a desultory dieemmioe, which
could est *merit the measure is this stage of it.
Mr. MONCK heartily concurred is the praises of Ile
Hon. and Learned Gentleman.

Leave was tbeu gives to bring in the Bill.
ALIEN BILL.

Mr. Secretary PEEL moved the Orde► of t►e Day fur re-
ceiving the Report of the Alien Regulaiioo Bill.
Mr. BERNAL hoped the Right Hon. Gentleman world
consent to let the Report stand over, fur several Hun. Mem-
bers who wished to be present at the bringMg %pp of She
Report were not then is the House, because, from seeing the
notice of the Hon. Member fur Essex in the paper fur that
day, they bad out expected that it could come on.
Mr. PEEL slid, it was perfectly competent to the Hon.
Member, or any of his friends who ►ail clauses to move, to
bring them up ors the third readiug of the Bill, which be
should have ■o objection to 61 for soy day that would ssit
their convenience; but after She very full discussion which
the Bill bad already undergone, he could see nu reason fur
delaying the bringing up of the Report.
Mr. BERNA L said, lie hail no cleave to bring tap, nor
was be aware that soy other Ilutwarable Member had any,
but he had intended sho►tly to stale to the House the
grounds of the opinion which be eateriained against the Bill
altogether, and be knew that some of his Hun. Fr irons bad
the same intention. It was far, however, from his wish to
offer say obstruction or inconvenience to the Right Hun.
Secretary, who, be must %ay, bad scud with the utmost fair.
AM and candour through the whole progress of the in. timbre.

Mr. SCARLETT matte some observatiows which we could
not collect, respectin some douses which be wished to
wove.

The SPEAKER said, that previous to the moving any
amendments in the body of the Bill, or any clauses to be
added to it In this stage, the Report should be Inourght ep
mud read. The Mein. Member might then make his option,

toliObtr Ire would dime his ameaciMeots do the Deport, or on
the third reading et the nall.
The Report was thee broeght rp, and having beer read,
was agreed to.
Dir. SCARLETT thee! sold he had Several dittoes to move.
The 'tit INS an amendment to the tenth section, which gave
the magistrates power to arrest and tend an elicit h. prison with.
oat bail ur osaidprise, to await the orders of the Secretary of
Slats for his removal under the pores of this Act. Another
elause he should move was, to coact that the Secretary of
State should not be empowered order Aet to remove
asp alias, the subject ufauy State io amity with his Msjesty,
unless it should appear by the information of one or morierr.
dilate witnesses, taken on oath sod in writing before • magic.
*trate, that such alien was engaged in a conspiracy or plot
against the peace of some foreign mate in amity with his
Majesty. Atwitter clause he had to move, which would trued
that wheat soy alien was removed eider the rower of this
Act from his Majesty's domisiows, a return anteing forth hie
name sad descriptinn, and the places from and to which he
was ►emoved, shall be laid before Parbsoteot wlij s de'
month from the date of such removele or one moot► frog! ills
commencement of the Session, in C3SC the removal shoot
occur during the prorogotion or &natation of Parliament •
He had also a clause to propose, enacting that if asp alien
arrested ►y ordir of the Secretary of State, under the power,
of this Act, should require ■ communication of the srectiii
charge on which it was proposed to remove him, it should he
communicated to him is writing, twentylour hours before
his removal, and that during that time he should have liberty
to see and eommosieute with 'howsoever be pleased.

Mr. PEEL opposed the whole of the clauses moved by
the Honourable and Learsed Member, on the ground of
their effect being to eosfitie the power which he contended
it was necessary that the Goverossent should bare over
ahem residing in this country, to be exercised on the respen-
sibility of the Ministry who put it iu motion, within limits
which he thought ►e should nut haws much difficolty in
convincing the Honourable and Learned Member were mach
too narrow.

Altar a few wnrds from Mr. Bernal, Mr Secretary Peel,
the Marquis of Londonderry, and Mr. H. G. Bennett, ie_
spertlng the third evading of the Bill—
The Hnuie divided on the first clause moved by Mr.
SCA It LE rr, when there appeared—
Noes
Ayes

Majority against the Clause.... 26
On our reform to the Gallery we found that the remaining
Clauses had been negatived without a division.
THE CURRENCY.

Mr. WESTERN, adverting to the notice *hid, be had
formerly gives of his indention to bring forward fur the cos-
sideratiosi of the Howse ci main Resolutions on the subject
of the currency, as ronaected with the distressed state of
the agriculture, and the general state of the country, said
that it was his wish to consult as far as possible the coon-
oienee of the House, in the mode and tient of briogisg for-
ward that subject for discussion. Many persons who wished
to be prevent at the discossion, bad left the House, ander the
impression that it could not possibly come on that evening.
But meth was the pressure of business at this period of the Ses-
sits., that it was exteediugly difficult to fix upon any period
for the consideration of any subject of importasce with a
certainty of being able to Wing it on. One mode of pro-
ceeding, however, had been suggested to him, which it
would be fur the House to cousitcr whether it was oh-
jectiutiable or not. That was, if it should nut be thought
irregular, to move now all his Rellilkill/1111 but the last,
that beta' the oar upon which the discussion would arise,
sad the gibers being merely preliminary, and to postpone the
last to Monday or Tuesday.
The Margolis of LONDONDERRY sail, he did not see
that the House would find any impropriety in assenting to
the coo se pointed out by the How. Member. The first 17
resolutions bring merely preliminary, might be disposed of
without ioterfhriag with the decision of the Howse alma the
last.

Mr RICARDO said, it appeared to biro that there were
mistakes i• alissit all the iesolutions, which it was &alem-
bic to correct, end that • mistaken principle ran through
the whole, which monocled them in iamb a atomiser, t►at hr
did not see bow the House coulJ dispose of all but oar now,
and afterwards raise • discaniu• on • resolution which
merely set foals the eosciwitios drawls from premises which
would •ot tiles be before it.

Ur. HUSKISSON said it was imponible to dispore of oar
part of the reaolwirous, without osaLiag up their muds as to
she whole.

After a few words frees lite Marquis of LONDONDERRY,
Mr. WESTERN said If it was the wish of the Howse, he
wosid then prime eit, as well as he was able, to the question.
—(Hear, hear.)-11 might, he said, appe r to many Gentle-
men, that there was • great degree of pertinacity en his part,
is artist bending forward thew remititiona, after the fall die.
eussiow which Site subject had undergone un a &ewer occa-
sion, and the decision which the House had Oda tents to;
but if they were impressed as he was with a deep sad awful
cadied** of the calamities which threatened to overwhelm
the country, if they feN as he did, flan'y sad bewail,
marines(' that those calamities were owing to that caret to
which be attributed them, they croak/ not carotins him for
his peroeverauce in endeavouring to persuade the House to
review its decision, aid to put • stop to the did'slrons
career is which the visually was now reinitiate head•
long to its ruin. If the eft cis of the Act of 1819 in
raising the value of money were duly and 'Mutant,
considered, it would be seen to have operated is pro-
ducing the calamities which were now preying upon the
trostry, to a much greater extent than at Pest sight it ap-
peared to hare had. He asked whether such a of things
as was sow rite. seed is Leland and in this comely, had
ever before existed ? If any mar disputed his premiss,
he asked him to do so fairly; if any man were disposed to
dewy what might be called hi* mere assertion., let him Jo so
at once. He had no wish to exaggerate the distress of the
lauded interest, but he would repeat the assertion he had
made on a former night, fur he was folly concriactd of its
troth, that two thirds of the yeomanry of this country—
two-thirds of the cultivators of its roil, had been by the
alteration of the cureeney rendered insolvent.--(Hear.)—
The lasido•nen were but little bitter off. It was true
they had not yet felt the pinch. They and others—the clergy
and the pow—had been hitherto feeding on the vitals of the
farmer.—(Hear.)—But the tars of the landowners was err
coeliac, mid they would some he involved in they're which
bad already overtaken the former.--(Hear.)—There were
matey estates is the most ft elite shininess in the comity.
which dill not at this moment produce to the owner. a nnt of
40 per cent. ; and he would tell the Noblemen and Gentlemen
of the country, that they would be still more depressed—they
would he weighed dorm and degraded front their pewit
situation in the twiner!, and see their estates slip from
their possession. The Act of 1819 ear the sole claw of the
calamity stitch threatested them. That the excess of minis
and want, which at this moment prevails is Intend, could be
attributed to any other cease than the east of Curie')",
was a mod mistakes notion. The letters which he had
from that unhappy towing-7 all concurred in stating, that it
was the want of money and nut the want of employment that
rendered the people unable to obtain the mesas "diastole lit
life. That people should be dying of want in a count,'
ohne the farmers were suffering front the suprrabinidune
of prodace—that people should perish of Nand while ilia
cup of abundance was presented to their lips, was an
anomaly as unprecedented as it was frightful. We were
stetting mosey—we were reading provisions of all
—potatoes meal, and biscuit, to Ireland, and were bring-
ing back cargoes of coru.—(Hear, hear.)—Thrs the tip icul-
tarsi peasantry of that country were actually expiring Lem
want in the midst of plenty. The same would be the ease
with F.ngleattl, hut fur her poor rates mud her capital, by
which means the poor of this country were supported by
roans!, and that alone. He wished that landlords would
rut deal so much in liberality as of late they had
wen tow. Landlords had a right to expert all thtt
was just and fair front their property, t.wirds th.,r
families and Waists ; but eves that the Bill of 1:49
prevented the poosibality of their *Wining. No c.it-
tracts ought to be held binding entered law IseLee
that period. He repelled the innovation that the land-
revisers of England were actuated by those sordid ;soli rts that
bid heels ascribed to them. He hail rather be the object thin
the author of Bodo • report. The fin, however, wax theme

bar,: fur he believed that they were how suftering frost tie
waist of a firm and steady attaehrmeot to their own interests.
(The Hen. Member proceeded to read hisidsultitiotis,
!idled is our Paper of Thursday last, offering various obeer.
ratio's iu support, sad illmsitations of them by the Way.] So
far from wishing any breach of faith with the public creditor,
be appeared there as complalimat that faith had rot been kept
with the public creditor, but that a Signet violation bad
been committed.—(New.)—He hoped, therefore, he ahotild
sot be aspersed by soy such charge. He verily believed that
the Legislature, at the time of passing the Act of 1819, WIN
not aware of its ronsegueiteesl due half, at least, of the ori-
ginal fuadluoldere of 1797 had bees asaihilated by this Act,
as Act which was caltrd one of retributive -justice. Those
whit bad rested sioire that period their properly in minaret.
toresand real priperty,•pem • return to cash paymems foetid
. .

_ . .
their property coosiderably depreciated. He set at dames*
env imputation against him that be desired to place the
loner class of people is a worse situation.—(Hear.)—
bit he did not hesitate to say that the interests of all classes,
.nd of courts the lower class, diresseded a higher money
price for all the, produte lons of the country. The agricsil.
mini class be, particularly spoke of That had beer, and
*es still rtraly dechisier, and would drag with it ell other
Interests. It was not a diminution of supply that was Ocoee
required to create high priers. It never entered into the
heed.; of say but modem philosophers that superabundance
'could ruin a country. He believed,bovrever, that the extra-
ordiaary industry, the spirit of coterie., sad the unbroken
Writ of thiscouutry were es paldeofrestor ing us to pence and
prosperity, were it sot fur this foal Bill. He should thus
leave the matter with the Hesse, regretting however, that
he had not been able to do justice to his ova Ideas. The
Res. Gentleman concluded by movie' his lest reeelstios.
Mr. RICARDO said, that he felt Idimeelf quite iseompe-
teat to follow the Him Member through all his staterooms,
or what be conceived to he the rerun of his resolutions; be
thought It, therefore, better to leave them to yolk their own
refutation. If in Ffaller they were to argue as he did, that be-
cause the monied interest now got three times as many bushels
acorn for an ounce of gold as foemerly, therefore, the had-
balder ought to be righted by as alteration of the currency that
would restore t he former relative valises of money and produce,
would the Hoo. Gentleneau west to that proposition?
The Hoe. Gentleness perceived the alterations caused in the
emintry by the change in the currency, bet did sot know bow
to attribute them to their right causes. The alterations were
visible, but it was foe the Hon. Gentleman to prove that they
Sowed from the Bill of 1819. He (Mr. Ricardo) believed
they proceeded from other causer, °perm ag in this and every
ctism cosoiry in Europe. A country, as a country in gene.
cal, was sot hurt by an alteration in currency. It was parti-
cular el that suffered.—(Hear.)—To whatever extent it
could be iheen the alteration in the coercing in d the
nisi of money, to that extent he would admit was taxation
iscreased.—(Her.)—Bet be sever could consent that this
single case', operating on the taxes, has produced the pre-
test Mittman of the different interests of this country.
It should be remembered, that the stockholder paid a pot.
lion of the taxes, and that it was the payers of taxes that
suffered in this meet of view from the itecreaerd burden of
taxation. As to the state of Ireland proceeding from the
most stated by the Hun. Member, it was to him quite unin-
telligible. A superabundance of corn and 'a scarcity of
mosey were things very perfectly compatible ; bet the owe
could is no way be produced by the usher, except that the
prices of wages were regulated by the price of cora. The
depreciation of the currency up to 1609 was only 91 per
test. The Hon. Gentlesnas wavered about from one stand-
ard to aeother is catimating the quantum of depreciation
of lose or gain to the country. He went from labour to
tors, sad then again to the precious metals. The Hon. Gent.
however, was bound to slick to one or other. But he was at •
loss to know what right be had to take corn as a standard.
It
Boa. Gentleman thought that rests would be annihilated as
be said, Le ought surely to become a supporter of his (Mr.
Rieudo's) plan for paying off the national debt, by giving
spa portion only of his land. Ito that case he would st all
events have • certain portion areal, whereas, oiliest.' that,
ectordiag to his accoust, he would get sour. tie main-
tattled that the Honourable Gentleman charged as mete
upon the Bill of 1810, things which were actually the conic-
emote of what had happened before that period. This was
not dealing fairly by the case at all. la oar of his Repo-
lutious the Hon. Gentleman had made a ne.stake of no less
than 154 millions.—(Hear, sod • laugh )—He had stated the
amount raised by loan from the Sit, January 1798 to 1818 at
459 millions of money, which be contended was 154 millions
more than was actually raised. The Hon. Gentleman, ho be.
lined, had mistaken sumo to that amount paid to the Com-
missioners for the redemption of the public debt.
The Houtarable Gentleman bad argued, from increase in
the price of stocks, 'het it is so much unjust gain to the
stockholder. If the Honourable Member had purchased an
estate, which afterwards rose in price, and be then wished to
sell it, would he admit the difference to be as unjust gaieties
hie part' After enumerating all the evils which he alluded
to, the Hon. Gentleman proposed, as the only remedy, au
emeasiou of the circulation. Now that was neither more
sot less ilia. an alteration of the standard. That would
usdoubtedly raise the prices uf consmodilies; but would that
he jut to the rest of the comatosely? Aid what effect
would it have in relieving the landed interest? He con-
tended that it would give them no relief as a class, bet only
is common with the rest of the community, by lightening
the weight of the whole taxation of the country, and cos-
sequeolly relieving them as far as Its effect would go
is lessening the quantity of taxes which they pay.—
The Hon. Member bad denied that superabundance of pro.
duce could be injurious to a country, or produce general
distress. But who ever said that it could? Certainly not
he (Mr. R ); on the contrary, be wished to see the country
fully supplied with every thing. But would the Hon. Mem-
ber deny that the increase of any comeoudity is a market
would lower the prier? Would he deny that a market might
4 so far overstocked as to reduce rise prices of commodities
so low as to be ruinous to the producer ? The Hem Geut.
had asked when it was ever beard of that excess of supply
had produced such noisome consequences to a country. He
;Mt. R.) repeated that it might not be injurious to the come
manly generally; but it had often beets heard of as isjetri..
sus to the particular class dealing its that commodity. It had
been the case, fur instance, with sugar; so man denied it ;
bat upon the quantity of produce iu the market, and the op.-
own of the quantity upon prices, the alteration of the cur-
test} had so effect whatever. He (111 r. R.) contended ameba
amount of taxation which the country sow had to pay, was
not at all greater in consequence of the thalweg in the cur-
rency them it would have been if the measure of 1797 had
loser taken place; and he proceeded to sheer from the cal-
(milieus is Mr. Muschett's tables, that taking the consi-
derations for the hares raised at the price of gold at the
several periods since 1801, the public creditor had sustained
a lass more than commensurate with that which, at the rate
of the alteration in the value of the currency supposed by the
Hosourable Member, the payers of taxes could mutant.
The country ought with gratitude to ackeowledge the great
cow that had been committed in the measure of 1797, from
the pernicious consequences of which the country bad been
rescued by the Act of 1819—been rescued, he hoped, fur
Mi. The reseal of that Art would be a measure so preg.
tact with evil to every interest of the country, that he meal
live it his decided opposition.
Lord MILTON concurred is the view which had barn
takes by the Hon. Member who had just sat duwu of the
*ratite' of the measures affecting the currency. These
elects were sot to be traced to the miserable piece of parch-
steet--the Act of 1819, but were only to be discovered by
loran at the whole of the measures from 1797, the
tett eternities that was made, down to the present period.
The Rationl debt was not more than if it was a mortgage
alluded estate; it was the accumulation of former Midas.
try, and he was the last mat that would wide to micros& on
but he doubted whether lamstiou could be kept up to pay
14 interest of it. He would not say that the redectime
14 Kee per cents. to four was not a broach of faith with des
pribliccredieor. but it might Dot be cousidered so when the
oaten had a debt of 150 millions to pay off; at the same
lose he thonglut the only means for the relief of the country
vas the reduction of axes. He believed if a reduction of
taws to the amount of ten millions had taken place at
Ike corernenrement of the resent Session it would lama
saved many of slut landowners. He was sorry it bad not
rote tried, for no farmer was now able to pay his rent ix-
"pi silt of his capital. It a reduction of tee oaken, its

° Ic

. „
1622 would have been Dray satirical to have saved them, s
reduction of twelve millions would not do it io the year
1823. It was well known the ties that existed between the
landowners and the landholders • the hitter Mould expend
every shilling of theft- capital before they would lesbe their
farms. He would ask the fuildholders whether it was not
their interest to Meet the dietresa of the landholder?
However great his opinion might be of the landholders,
it was impossible fur lolm to know how they might
hereafter act. it must be in the recollection of the
House that a Member fur Somerset had said us a tar.
met oceasiom that if relief was not given to that agricultural
distress of the country, it would induce him to become an
advocate for Parliamentary Reform. He did not believe that
are Hooidneenber, being a Knight of the Shire, would break
faith with the public creditor, but the petition frum the Free.
holders of the County of Kent must be in the recollection Of
the House, which was agreed to at a public meeting over
which the High Sheriff of the county presided; what a ma•
In Rent did do, a man in Cornwall or Cumberland alight do.
He thought the measure proposed this Session for the impor.
talon of corm • good one; so be thought that of the Corn Bill
at the time of its passing, for which reason he voted for it, fur
If there was a diminution of food, those persons who had been
emplioyed is growing it would be thrown out of employ; the
valise of noderwood had fallen as much as corn, sad every
thing else the produce of the land, except bark, •hieb had
received a temporary rise in anticipation, nu account of
the tax bring expected to be takes off leather. It was
caused by the change made In the currency or the country
In 1797, and not by the Bill of 1819, and the County Mem.
bees had supported all the loans that mired the depression.
Corn was by no means the only article that regulated the
price of Moor, fur diem were articles, those of sugar, soap,
mid tea, which were over.eaued ; the latter to four blebs of
what the Igo:meet paid fur it. It was preposterous noes to
say, that lebour was regulated by the price of corn;
if they put the labourer in • situatiess to disable him
from obtaining those articles he had enumerated, they
would put them into the state of the labourer in Ireland,
without fool sufficient to support nature. This class of
permits had been robbed of their osentome for the last twenty.
Ave years ; the number of those who nwd to brew M dom.
Delves had been diminished more than es half. Arno
sons had maid that the distress was calmed by over,pswdflMrtas
He, for owe, did not believe it ; the fall is prise mild
not arise from a glut is the market ; there had beano.
glut of iron or lead, sad the prices of both articles hod
fallen, sad of every article that was not taxed to the bighted
degree. As to sugar, we had the whole control overeehei
market of that article during the war, but at the pwootethe
restored matey of die islands Is France, and hail ow hope, 111
the cootrol, which accounted for the eel. He MAW Ms
HOll. Friend would not be WO to prevail os the rose to
agree to the latter part of his Resolutions. It was hot hie
iirteatio• to give any °Own on the fru part of thew. He
would not agree to put a tax on any property to
raise • fund which did not bear on all alike. In hie
°Make it was a chest to keep up a slaking fend
that would in the coons of time du away with itself.
The schemes proposed by the Admiuistratiuo fur the relief
of the agriculturists were impracticable, and in fact oaly
tended to amuse the County Members • they bad bees made
week after week, and abandoned with the same facility. He
was convinced there was tie remedy for the distress but the
reduction of taxation, and many of the County Menders had
gale home without gi log a single vote for reduction, and tbad
at a time when an Hon. Baronet, a Member foe a weselled
county, had been compelled to abandon his family manshels
on acconst of the distress. He trusted that County Menthe/I
would not rest satisfied with having made fair promises
their constituents, bat that they would come to Parliament
weal Session with a determination to act for them.—(Hear,
hear.)—He thanked the Hoo. Gentlemen opposite fur their
cheers; this language might not be pleasing to men who
held great places, but when the landed int was reduced
60 or 70 per cent. they would be fearful of their places.—
(Hear, bear.)—These ob lions might be disagreeable to
them, but the salaries of their great offices were paid out of
the landed interest, and out of the industry of the labourer.
The Noble Lord then emphatically said," Good God. Sir ! is
thiadisorderly, OM it be caned SO by the Boa. Bared who Loa
interrupted me (Sir John Osborne), to tell him that be Is
paid his 1,000/. or 1,2001. a year ass Lord of the Admiralty,
by the capital and the labour of the country r—The Noble
Lord sat down amidst loud cheers.
Mr. ROBERTSON said he felt the deep importance of the
question ; the debt of Holland at tloilinse of the Stadtholder
was an great that it reduced the yeomanry of the country to
perforrii the labour they had been in the habit of paying fur,
and °biked the Nubility to marry the daughters of Burghers
If this country did not provide for paying off the national
debt by a sinking fend, she would be reduced to the same
stale Holland was; it wes more to the interest of the lauded
proprietors that the pub:ic debt should be kept whine hounds
than any otherclass of his Majesty's subjects. He concluded
by opposing the resolutioas.
Mr. ATWOOD thought it was the duty of the House to
reconsider the whole of the subject of the currency, as the
evils resulting from the present system were still in progress:
Mr. PEEL denied that the distresses in Ireland arose
from may change of the eurreuey, but from titre wetness of
the moron having destroyed the potatoes, sod from the ergo
Potion of the war demand. He would not repeat the argil.
seems which he bad urged on a similar motion of
the Hormarabk Gentleman some time ago. He shortly slated
his objections to the Resolutions of the Hon. Member, and
etootended that some of them contradicted others, sod that
rome were prophetic of future effects. He was very
sure that if the House took upon itself to prophecy, they
would at least • pusses' we of the attributes of psophets—
they would have no honour in their own errantry.
Alderman HEYGATE thought the remedy fur the distress
felt at present was to add to the currency by every fair
measure, without disturbing the ancient standard of valve,
and was adverse to any measure so violent as the present.
Sir F. BURDETT expressed his concurrence with dm
concluding Resolution of his Hon. Friend (Mr. Western).
He concurred in opinion with fhe lion. Secretary as to the
state of Ireland ; it was impossible for say man who had
been in Ireland not to see that it was constantly on the
brink of famine; but though he also agreed the sobjisell
was difficult, it was oar which imperiously called upodado
House to legislate in an effectual why.

Mr. WESTERN rose to his reply at four o'clock, au
hour which precludes any possibility of conveying it to the
public.
The gallery was cleared, but the Resolutions were neva.
tived without a division.
Adjuorued at a QUARTER BEFORE FIVE O'CLOCK.

ELECTION ANNIVERSARY.

On Friday the Second Anniversary of therefore! of Messrs.
Lenaard sod Haldimaod. was celebrated at the Bear sad
Crown Tavern. Ipswich, Witham Haldimndr Fag. M.P. I.
t►e Chair. Between SO sod 60 persons were wresient. The
cloth being removed, the first toast was " The King"—" The
rest of the Royal Family"—" The Navy"—" The Army"—
" The Members."

Me. HA LDIMAND in returning shush' said, be had
declared when first elected, that be was, end world be es
independent Member; he bad outbiog to hope or fear from
any party, and would oppose measures, not men. In this
view he bad voted against measures, which be deemed inhibi-
t-al to the interests of the peopk, sad bed mostly opposed
the present Minister'', because, in his estimation, they totally
mistook the principle on which all Governments were formed.
They ought to know that they are the servaals of the peo-
ple, as well as of the Crows, and they now find that the?
cannot oppose the will of the people. U the people, he con-
tinued, had not petitioned, the taxes which have been re-
mitted would still have existed. He expressed himself much
gratified at meetieg his friends in Ipswich, professed birnaelf
a firm friend to a Coestitational Reform, and to a reduction
of taxation • and concluded by observing, that he had sup-
ported, and would support, every motion which had those
objects and the liberty of the people in view.
The seat tout was, "The celebratioa of the Independence
of the Bori.sigh of Ipswich, and may it Dever agaiu fall
into the bands of self elected supporters of e agtupt Adel-
sistratios."
" A speedy and Constitutional Reform itailtiellaii4ante
Hnisee.pf Parliament," a 0./1w ,/t,fo• •
"Sir James Mackiotosb, and thanks tejdoliallimallfillafik

Su opposition to the lies Bill."—{A Petition Ilteinsl this
bill was then read, sad signed by the company pretreat.)
" The High Steward pr Ipswich, Sir Robert Radiated.,
'llort."--" The Bailiffs of Ipswich"—" The Portnies?"`,....':
11' Henry Alekander, Esq."—" Sir Tho Mes Lennard"—"
Norco, tlnd the Independence or the English Bsr"—" A. H. '!
Steward, E.ci. the High Shrriffv.—'" The Duke of Grafton;
Wig Lord Lieutenant"—" Sir Wm. Roirley"-4 The Ladies
tsf Iperich"—"Sir Had;. Beebory".-4 Mr. Lawrence," Ott-
VON by the ChsinNai.
Re. LAWRENCE returned ihanki, end pee "The
Chairman ;" who, haviog made his acknowledgments to Ike
company, retired about nine o'clock to the Theatre, having,
in conjunction with Lord Eassericb, as Stewards of the
Inc.., bespoken the play.

AMERICAN INDEPENDENCE:

-

Yesterdny • public dieser was given by the friends of
American independence to Don Fitanctno Aneoeto Ana,
the Minister Pleuipnientiery of Columbia, There were up.
wards of 300 Gentlemen present at settee o'clock—the Noble
Chairman (his Grace the Duke of Somerset), Sir James
Mackintosh (Who introduced the distionsished stranger),
Mr. Wilberforce, Sir Wm. Cents, Mr. John Smith, Mr.
Thomas Wilson, Sir Robert Wilson, the Hon. C. Hutchin-
son, Dr. Luithingtisni Mr. R. Martin, Mr. Lessard, dre
After the cloth was removed, the " Health of the Klee
was drank, with three times three.—Tune, "God save the
King."
Next followed—" The Duke of York sad the rest of the
Royal Family."—Sang, " How merrily we live."
Next—" The Navy and Army."--Seing," Role Britanuia."
The NOBLE CHAIRMAN then rote He said, that smidit
the various sod important changes which had taken place in
the present age, there was none which afforded • subject of
higher euegratulation time the rise of Colombia from a state of
despotism to become a free and independent callosity.—
The happiness and prospect of enjoyment which it held out
to millions of people, must be an object of sincere delight
to every liberal mind. We cannot be inseesible, in this
country, to the merits of those who led the arms of the Re.
public, and who succeeded in subverting those oppressive
laws sod inmoisiterial powers which had so long blasted
the hopes of that country. And while we acknowledge the
merits of those who directed tint glorious struggle, as ordu•
ous in its conduct as it was beneficial in its result, we must
admit the credit which was due to those who carried these
important changes into full execution. The people of Co.
lamb= fully merit those inestimable blessing* for the at.
tainment of which they had so nobly bled. They were de.
termined to enjoy the rights of freemen, and they never de-
sisted until they expelled, from the Ammonium territory to
the Groner', all those baneful causes which conspiied to de.
prive them of their civil and religious liberties. The loqul.
=lion and torture were driven from amongst them. They
have subverted an oppressive Government sod an intolerant
church, and surely we cannot hut wish to be on terms of
amity with such a people.--(Cheers.)—The present cons.
piny must therefore feel gratified at having ancorigat them
the illustrious representative of that Sue people. He should
therefore propose the health of " SI. Zes, the Minister Ple-
uipotentiary of the Colombian Republic."
This toast was drunk with great applause.
M. ZEA then rose, and was most courteously received.
He addressed the meeting in the French language. The fol-
lowing is • traislatioe as nearly as poisible
My Lords and Oentlene•no..With sentiments of the most
unsoingled satisfaction I rise to expeen my cordial srknow.
ledgmeets, my deep and lasting gratitude, for the honour
you have just conferred on me. and on the nstiJo whose
humble representative I ans. With feelings of equal delight
shall I convey to my Government and my couaidmen the
impression of the reception which I have this day experi-
enced at your hands. They will perceive iu it the sure pledge
of that friendship which Providence destiues to reign fur
ever between two nations, formed to promote each others
happiness and prosperity. With mutual wants, which each
has the faculty of supplying to the other, Greet Britain and
Columbia have only to look Seemed to • losg-enduring
intercourse or the been of =retool Malt. Gentleman,
the struggle in which we have been engaged has
been loug and arduous ; it has not as sacrifices which I
cannot pretend to describe to you. Nothing but a pene-
vermin and a constancy, sustained by an innate sense of the
justice of our cause, and encouraged by the 'protection of
Heaven, could have enabled us to have overcome the dill'.
collies and pr:vstioss we have had to encounter. Now, how-
ever, that our hopes are consummated, and that we enjoy the
satisfaction of living under a free constitution, of being
governed by our own laws, the first desire of our hearts is
to forget all past injuries. The loathsome and hiileour
tyranny of Spain, bur creel perseverance in a contest
against reason sod humanity, will be forgotten throughout
Colombia, in the moment in which she shall accept the
right hand of friendship so often held out to her. Our de.
mire is to be at peace with all the world. Between the other
nations of the earth and Columbia there ere no pdints of
oollisiou. She desires to render from Europe 'those pro.
ductless of science and of art, which tend to the convent.
epee and improvement of life, ind she is ready to yield in
return from her boundless resources those rich prodUctions
of nature which she possesses in such variety end extent.
Looking thus to no intercourse with Europe but that of the
most mutually useful kind, I trust we are advancing no vain
or arrogant pretensions its simply claiming to lee 'revived is
Ihut wheela in teeth we are, a hoe and independent parlor.
Aid &said we not be so received ? What bat hen the
of the civil rights of all the nations of the earth!
. kale history even of this mighty empire, *hick now exer-
tion Net an immense moral ingeeneeltver the whole 'nib,
de its records shew no period at which it has been oppresied
by (twigs domination, and subsequently released from its On-
thralments? I hope it will be (creed, too, that the ',ewe hen
bkherto made of our liberty has been such as to Miele 'hit
see are out unworthy of it. Our coostituticin—our public one
ore before the world. Inasmuch tis they tend tothiesdesticiL
MM. of human civilizatioo—to the improvemeet of the
Mohan character—they possess claims with% thertseeliet
1.1444 I need not urge upon an eulighteoed nation; hewn'
I attempt to draw the contrast they fonts to that welopyry
system of governaseet which Spann bog exercised over us.
Let Britain, then, the mistress of bet own tete, neither de-
based by superstition nor etiolated by delpollsm, be ihe are
of the Powers of Europe to accord to as the acknowledgment
of our just aud natural rights; elm needs neither the' ex-
ample nor the consent of other tuitions to perform an act of
pure and simple justice. Permit me now, Gentlemen, to
express on the pout of my countrymen and myself the
esteem and respiet in which the British character' id held
'Mos, us. It wow in Great Britain that the lent example
of constitutional government was given to the worldo-it I.
here that the spirit of • sound and rational liberty is ever
reverted and cherished—it 'was In Gent Britain' thit; at
the tinnier her utmost need, Colonsbnfoiesol fireweed Yalthl
fel fries& to come to bee support. The 'injuries of Spain
will mum be forgotten—the friendship of Great Britain will
be cherished warm in our hearts au lung as life shall beat in
them. I beg permission to propose to you this indigent
Prosperity to Great Britain, the model of ridooaf liberty,
and a long-eontinuance of friendly reigned* beeves= bet
sod Colonnia'." •
TM= low was Mask mAkb tb• moat endreilanic applause.
Pr JAMES MACKINTOSH rose to peopeas a lean
which gave him the greatest plenum; sad Altassegi he could
lot hope 16 :di! *soy thing to that wbichbarliseen so elo-
quently said, he hoped be might Ili Mlosied. tit ticket tie
remarks oil in °nubs re very sew, 'mad be leaped,- so'ats.
annoys, which assembled together • cousiderableoweibet of
English gentlemen to units inseparably the interests oif the
Old World with those of the New.—(Chens.).--ele shook( be
ashamed to add much to those feelings Which had heed so
admirably estprerred by the excellent peen= who represent-
ed the opinions of America, sad by Abe illustrious isdivi.
dual, the second Peer In the realm, who Oiled the Chair,
and so eloquently expressed the opirioas of this country.—
(Cfseerv.)—Hli observidions would be stenisatily *political, I
hut yet of that deteriptiou which met the vintner
liaison MA all panne. The present' woo ate emeatlity pe-
culiar tothie freegrsllry.ie witch diffentstsects and rel ignites
and differept Denies in the Ante, .had nso together,
embracing (as he believed) all the eurnenereisi iniernts
of the greptlet 'corinsereialL city fa 'Blink; It eil'efl-
Irghtfuin WV Oki en; of the geniis! Peetemsten 'She
kingdom presided over an ainetbifffe C•hinlblebil 110 •

1711. r

. , .
liras erne ei the blessings of Bike 'country filet all ranks of
society were united logetber in Ibis great espli in oat is'-
dissoluble tie, Oriels by their operation contributed in ped.
Mws pnelltordei suet p•bl liberty ; and so far were these
Oddaadages from brine adverse to each other, that tie cause
if order Could not be separated from tbe cause Of
freedom. It was this happy aside which was the reithly
parent of every good, the principle which inilpired ewes
virtue, and disposed a nation to every virtuous inclination.
He always thought that the peace and prosperity or one
nosetry most be beneficial to all, and that the liberty of
this country, which was the source of its prosperity, meld
not suffer faun the general diffusion of freedom Over rive
country in the world.—(Cheers.)—This principle, therefore,
did not depend on the general in t t which every godd
titan must feel for the bappioeis of the human race, but on
the peculiar interest uf this great empire. We have in this
'country a sufficiently toilsome duty to perform., but it was
only the duty or preserving hole liberties which have bean
tranansiteed to ur by the virtue and valour of our NUM
tors. Thanks to Heaven, through the merits proof forefallifill
we de posses' as peat a portion of howls' happidess falls
to the lot of any nation in the world. But throe were blest-
tags too great to be given to mankind at • low price. It tb
spikes the boost jealous •nd unceasing vigilante, Riad the
most intrepid courage to preserve these Attila, sod with
those oationi who, placed in a less happy situation, are coos,
pelted to straggle for the attaloment of freedom, the greater
she difliwilly in their way, the greater the glory if they over-
come the obstacles which oppose them. He always admired
the &p/limit milieu for their valuer and magooninsity, and
Utterly for their subversion of dnmealie tyranny. He ad-
tired she forbears/tee they bad lately displayed in the

. .
tory they had achieved over their domestic enemies. Thiry
had shelled in eitaniple to other nation which he Wised
mould not be Wet, of a bloodless rerdlttlien.—(Cheete.
They have *hewn that the road to freedom was not Meshes
blood, but by inculcating lett, Mea's minds those high no-
titans whirl; inspired them to attain, and rendered them ca-
pable of enjoying liberty. They mast therefore rejoice that
lite Colonies in the feints. of time hid acted fire themselves,
and would no longer remain noder the tutelage of another
country. He rejoiced that these Inc regions had'been re-
stored to that friendly intercourse with other salient from
which they had been formerly interdicted. He did not merely
mean that commercial intercourse which done more to pro-
mote civilization and virtue than all other human causes. he
meant that free intercourse of mind and opinion which raced
that nation Ism the situation to which it was entitled. The
Hon. Member nest alluded to the abolition of the Slate
Trade. He should be ashamed to enlarge upon that subject
in the presence of an individual whose easement at indwell
command reverence (Mr. Willserfurce), whose very presence
was the greatest honour any society could receive. It was a
matter of cavitation when other nations carried on by un-
derhand means that abominable 'poem of robbery and see-
der, that the first act of the Americas States on the recovery
of their independence was to abolish the Slave Trade. He
knew there were men whose very ears were horrified at the
Idea of a revolt, but be felt himself justified in avowing bib
political creed, that revolt against freedom was the greatest
of ell crieses,and a revolt against despotism the greatest of vie.
tees.—(Great cheering )—He should conclude by proposing
The health of General Bolivar, who had led the country
through such difficulties and daegers."—This toast wan drank
with great applause.
Song, "Scots wha bar:" with the words " Health to
Bolivar."
Mr. WILBERFORCE said, it was grateful to those who
had long laboured in the abolition'of slavery to set a light
breaking forth from • distant corner of the beriaon which
would sone burst out into meridian splendour. It had
been properly said by the great snap who had jest preceded
his, that the happiness of this country did not break In en
the eiajoynsenis of others. This was trite happiness sad glory.
It was gratifying to those who now approached the vale of
H 1 Is be able to hope that their dmemadmits would feel Ilse
effects of these principles for which they had so long con-
tended; and whenever their excellent friend travelled
acmes the Atlantic, he would describe the effects of a free
Conetindians, end he would relate what he bad seen
Mat mem ef the lest rank in the empire intermingled with
their tellow-ettigew• he the ateemplishaseure of weed ptiewswees

whieb Wooed of diminishing, preserved tfte :Wsetnce of true
dignity. He *lmola eisochrds by proposing
" The sporty and eforioal &hidalgos of the Sieve Trade,
and 'basks to Colombia for the valuable assistance she had
afforded in aceomplishiog that object."
Mr. MMIRYATT then rose. He said nothieg eould more
fally,densonsyrate the feeling of tbst metropolis, than seeing
Mesa asectibled to commemorate the triumph of Colootbian
independeoce. It was to him a Source of peraliar sa:
tisfactlon, having formerly witnessed the' tyranny which will
exercised lathes country, which prevented Mr from breathing
freely while be was there tett made consider his person
insecure ad? Sradrairly ourof it. •He should therefore'
rrie""
gay the relatioua which are now forming betweeo the
Old netlike New World he consolidated ou the bails of
teatime amity and mistral ptluspdelly.”—(Grest apPliswo
LUSHINGTON said he could nut refrain from offer-
lag his humble but hearty congratulations to the lahabitioTe
of Columbia on the acquirement of their freednin, 810(114
storsaniplifdlufferiig they had endured, and whirls' to Wel*
nitride -'nsficite stied insursonntable. Vie concluded ad
etosuest speekh by proposing—
" Proilibrity'to the Congress of Colorable', and may the
wisdom of their deliberations coosolidat• the advantages
. . . . . .

which their patience and valour Wee acbievid."--*ce
times three.
Sir WM.. CURTIS said be should not add any daisy to
the tit:metal irrai-nts which bad been mai!e, but merit, lb
say that he filly concurred in every matiateot wheels hod
bees uttered, end without at all menelag to• introduce aisyl
political dismissioa, he should beg to propose—
" Tho health Of his Majesty's Ministers."
Mr. JOHN 'IIM Prdpinted—
-4 The Oat cad Cortaro, Spain—may all amities respect
their right to a fret Constitotitio, and may she seen ackwow-
ledge the same right to the people of Colombia."
Mr BENJAMIN HOI3IIOD.S'E rime lb propose the health
of the Noble Chitlins*. Notbidg coold be mare' gratifyibi
thee to retithat tAbir Ailed by so lumlividosi y 108,41144 tat
teats aid virtues, was au ortmaterit to the rourtry, who wog
not less distioguisbed for his illustrious rank thaafor 414
nobility of soul. Be hoped the meeting would drool; hm
health in a lititeper,.and Worn him • their thanks for mrstg
boomired therm with IPA Memate."—(Eheteif)°' ' • • '
The Duke of SOMERSET briefly retorned shooks.
Mr. T. WipiON proposed the health or the Kill; of
Spat", accompanied by the Spanish prayer, •! Qui oats taif
afistoi"
• Mr. LENNARD proposed the health of the Marquis of
Laasdowir mad the other Noblemen who weald have bedie
present, bat that they were detained by imperative necessity.
The Noble Chairman, accompanied -by the illustrious
'granger tiad'llso distinguisted. iodividish lONS surldmiled-
thd Chair, the* retired ; bN another Chsilmmus was appolit-
ed, mid msay of the goats cootioued *'courivialitydf
ale ',cuing till a late hoist.

FO*Elair INTELLIGENCE.

PARIS PAPERS.
••••••1•11

PAM, Jumr 7.

IS is currently reported that General Berton' has
tguaesi lo give any explanation io ensues to inter-
rogatories, asserting that he ougly only to be tried
the Court of Peers.—/L'osutslationari )
The daughter of General kguia, Lady of Honour
to the Queen of Spain, is arrived at Bayonne, with
tp,o,ot her 'children.
•*nsse pieces of artillery have passed ,througli ran
its4eir Nay to Bayonne.

[From the Mhtnitewe
tlew attempt of the Alkaiies of order ,has fttr.
ti;skirthe soldiers of tfte".lo4
aushor ttbeleittg their 444dy. LteuteusattXtdcmel
(:arty alropmly unpligmedho the cot:limey ot'ilm
19th Ausubt, 1820, auent'eteteeitt'itttattll Rorti

- _t.,r,n

who impeernientieii some time alco the kilts/cif-1000
at Coloisr, had fdrmed the project of millcingtbe
rft;PX6iiitidirsioned OffiCeii of The 415i1i rtitaenti
of the line, the ehiesettrs ot' Alier end the Tfiliz
senrs of Charente. • l'tity' hod that'll' we are miered;
large dietnliutionl of Mealy; and elintiaitally pre
out that they were acting by vittak of orderskane
mated by a directing CorMilittee establisbed„in lW
capital. They promised that Many 'of their aciihil
;dices would join then between Muilissisen'ad
Cointet, as soon its they Should beve' succeeded en
seducing some squadron*. Caron bad at first an-
nounced his intentibu of delivering the prisoners et
Belfort; but afterwards changing his plan,
,hetid
postponed their libiriltinri tour the MorifebttA
the rebels 'honld have rittived their preldieetteil•
foicemen is.
. the movenstat erhjeh bad been concerted toot(
*deice on the g of:July• A squadron of Noise
ehosneors of the derirtineat of Allier, Which' Caron
thiltiglit lietaitiedriced; and in tire rinks orwitteli
were two officers disguised iit the plain attar:Meru(
cbssmunn set out from Colmar at five o'clock in the
evening, under the ton:Mend of the Chief Quarter.
mister, Thlun. At the saute time a kosdron of
borne cbaeurs,n from the department if ClMiehle,
In the midst of which inaribidai common cifilititant
'Copt. Nicol and four other officers, ierotrt'litim
Neaftsrisench, andel the command' of. Qtraetori•
master Gerard.
When mounting, the two squadrons were a
prised that they were goinc, to act ib lfilef4itte "df
the King, and received order' to execiffe tti.
lowly all that should be prescribed to Mehl by4sik
subalterns. They obeyid with the most pastelt-
worthy-fidelity the instructions which they seer
from their superio- officers; and what incaates,,tl f
proves the excellent disposition of the Intent; IS I I
silence they observed in ping through mritiattlitet,
of the object of which they were ignorant. • The
secret of the conspiracy of Caron was confided Ai)
more than fifty persons, amongst who were a great
number of oubalterns; however nothing transpired
until the arrest of the conspirators.
On the height of Hasten; Caron ordered his
helmet, hie sabre, and his uniform to be brought to
him. He put them on and placed himself all the
head of the squadron of Allier, and immediately
took the command. He passed through 'Metall
and Roussach. crying Vive l'Entpereur ! The af-
frighted peasants took flight et his approach.
Caron, on leering Roussach, went to Mayen-
heim, where he found the chasseurs of Charente,
who had come from &mach, drawn out in order of
battle.—" Soldiers !" said he, °' you hies sword to
your subaltern Officers to roll°, them every inhere:
French soldiers will not fail' to keep their Oaths; I
come to command you in the name of the Emperor
—follow me!"--This harangue finished, he shaped
his coarse towards Ennisheim.
On the way he spoke with contempt of Berton
and the other•ionspiritors, who had not succedded;
said he, in raising fiftir men, whilst he was already
as the head of two sqZ•adronitb and had iofautry who
awaited •him at Colmar. • •
Arrived near Ensisheins, he announced his in.
tention of forcing an entrance, hut Thiero and
Gerard oppOsted it, reminding him that it Was not
what he-hod-premised them, and rolling unwritten
to conduct them to the rendezvous of his associates.
Caron took them then to Batteuheins, but the
refusal which he had experienced had alarmed him.
Rogers and he resumed their common clothes and
endeavoured to effect their escape. It was flied
they were arrested. They seemed thunderstruck oil
seeing Captsio Nicol, who, under the name of
Georges. had acted as orderly man to Quarter-
master Gerard, take the command of the two
,
sqiiadrons. .. -
Alleer staying at Battenheine the necessary time
to refresh the troops, the • Osaka" reentered Cal:
mar; with their priaetteta bound.
The conduct of the troops is above all praise,
the. country people chewed the best disposition.
The Mayors of 'the country were seen running with
pretipitalicin to obtain from the Prefect authority Id
sound the tocsin, and to causelhe peasants to march
against the soldiers who were supposed to have re.
t 04,4.

Ik! s 4,
4 -`,"' vr• w, _ '
LONDON.

THURSDAY. hLT 1), lan.
•

Mr. NOLA'' obtained' leave to bring in a pill
laM• night to alter and amend the Poor Laws. the
plan, as far as it is developed, would be an evident
improvement on the• preaenl state of the law, and
is fat sislletior to as, toobdtgsitioo reicatty ospoiled:
iiteMeMoier4okeitin total (forlie
divided it latterly and brought forward only one
third of it by way of'prefacr)-1-bad too much of the
slashing and precipitate philthophy of the MA LTHCS
school, for the caution' of EricHlS legislation. The
otition' of etilpi away the l!ocii roilep
mast from filevessei o state has beAlte • gre•
I:aleat Or late, inc{ has been much iirtiFiaga!e4 by
the lectures and example of out northers, neigh:
hours. lf, towever, we takeited eadsideritidteltie
t °duel of eltriiettee, tlileh is Hof hi fiecli
excelleoele his sample of their polidce'lui'ie3•
omen. Mb N9LAs well observes that sitter the
enactment Of Queen ELIZABETH, the English poor
have gone far beyond the same classes in strrriiiindldg
etilepting Scotland,`' -
!9o,cfp c.,ivikzat4O. there is great evil in
the esornsous amount of pauperism' add iti'dt-
Vxoit 001444buit; the i.gijObi4 j4tWelosiAt
would be, whether it may not keep out it greater
" pttrytniiiitinbieif thkh: Polley;ad 'thh
rapid fluctuations of'power and emnmeret • • s. *al Pig%
perity:iorthe ustisos of Europe 'prove tkit there is
ykl Moth to be explorrd'ifi the prittbiples delastil
-andt isee're; de ei
teMikh, conceintme tne use pnirtfkAttras42;
fts, artiKe lIKOre slowly at their‘ Oare'teldmi
gages! that in 'the diiddriOtagei. ' aid zwiliesini
proof of the condition to which the lower classetikit
