HOUSE OF COMMONS, TUESDAY, Dimwit 18.

The House was summoned in the usual way to the House of
Leeds, to hear the Royal Assent given to several Bills by com-
mission.

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Sir W. LEMON presented a petition from the ministers,
churchwardens, and Inhabitants of bitilyard, praying for the Aboli-
tion of the Slave Trade.

---Sirih;:peti;io4;;;; presented by Mr. Monsrirs.n, from the
town of Leicester; kr Sir W. brat Low, from Lincoln; by Mr.
DAVENPORT, from Galenist; by Mr. MONDAY, from Ash.
bourne ; and mocker front onbridge ; by Mr. ritEWAT St, from
St. Mimes, in Cornwall ; by H. Su x ra, front Chohluun, in
Surrey; by ---, tram Shrewsbury ; by Mr. BUTTER-
WORTIS, from Walthametow. Elbam, St. Andrews, and other
places; by Mr. DOWNEY, from Dun(emline; by Sir John
BE2IIIOIIT, from Brixton; by lord Corr won, from ltygate ;
by Mr. LITTLETON, from several place, in Staffordshire; by
Sir T. LET nnu nno r, from Bath, and other places in Somersetshlre
by Lord ALTISORP, from Ketterill, in the manly of Northamp-
ton, and another from Ropsdale, in the same county ; by Mr.
WE/TERM, twentyffive petitions from as many places In the county
of Essex; by Mr. KieNXED Y. Were petitions from es many places
in Scotland: by Lord EDWARD So MERIET, from Cheltenham and
Wooten-ander-I;dpi by Mr. CALVERT, from a town in Surrey;
li Mr. honor° w, ten petitions from WI many places in the county
o t
Durham; by Mr. Muttony. from Croydon, in Surrey; by Mr.
O. Stutter, front Marlborough; by Sir T. ACLAXD, from
Topaham ; by Sir J. GRAHAM, from the city of Casliole ; by Alder-
man HEYCIAT .". from Sudbury; by Mr. Coir •TE %AT, from the
tit y of Exeter bv Mr. Sr wevr, from Market-Latrington and Sa-
lisbury; by Mr.• EVAN*, sight petitions from Grampoudid sad
osier plmea---Ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.

COMBINATION LAW&
Mr. IriA BRETT presented a petition from the Jnemernee
Comb-nukes of Turk, praying far a repel of the Combination
Laws.

'7117. HUME presented s sinidu petition from the Shoemakers of
Referred to the Artisans' Committee.
SILK DUTIES.

Mr. DUNDAS prasenteda petition from Edinburgh, against
the repel!l of the duties on silk.
A similar petition vas presented by Mr. LITTLETON from
Stafforithire.
Laid on the table.
LICENCE DUTIES.

...--..—.. —.—
Fir B. MARTIN presented • petition from the licensed sic.
tuallers of Plymouth, praying for ths reduction of the licence
duties.

---
Similar petitions were presented by Mr. Gooch, from Binning.
ham ; by Mr. Alderman Bridges, from one of the Wards ; and
by Mr. Byng, from the parish of Bethnal Green ; and another
from St. James and John, Clerkenvell.
The petitions were ordered to lie on the table.
CRIMINAL CODE.

....
Dr. I.I!SHINGTON did not intend, under present circum.
stances, to occupy this attention of the House but for a very short
time. He was nut aware that it was Intended to Wier any opposi
tion to the motion he was about to make ; hie observations would,
therefore, be within a very small compass. lie meant to propose
that a Committee should be appointed to inquire concerning the
best way of improving and amending the criminal code. The
House must be aware that the number of statutes which had been
penal front time to time, were in a state of the greatest confu-
sion. lie would not name the many inainveniencies which had
arisen in consequence of this--he would assume that the House was
convinced of their existence. It was necessary for him to show
how far he meant to go, and on what principle!: his first propo-
sition would be, that the Committee should inquire into the state of
the criminal code, and unite all the statutes on the same subject
into one heal :--as, all laws relative to larceny, forgery,
. &.e. He
did not intend, at present, to propose any alteration in the
existing laws, either as to punishment or offence: when the
statutes were brought before the House in the shape of a Bill, the
House would be better able to judge of :he defects in the t!riminal
Law, which were numerous, apparent, and in many instances dis-
graceful to the Statute Book. He would nut, at any time,
an alteration in a law, unless it was clear to every indivilt=
the House that It was requisite. lie did not wish to trespass on
the time of the House, and would therefore conclude by moving
that a Committee be appointed for consolidating and amending the
Criminal Law. . . .

Mr. J. SMITH, in seconding the motion, observed that such
a proceeding would give the greatest satisfaction to the nation at
large.
The motion ass carried, and a Committee appointed.
Mr. CAI...CRAFT said he would take the liberty of asking the
Right lion. the Chancellor of the Exchequer, whether he intended
to admit French leather into this country, on paying a duty of
per cent ?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that the
lion. I ientleman must be aware that many articles of French ma-
nufactured leather were now admitted on paying a duty of 75 per
erne.; and that it was his intention to extend this permission
further. _ .

.On the motion of Mr. S. WORTLEY, the House went into a
Committee on 'he lame Laws. . ..... .

The Report was brought up, and ordered to be taken into coned-
daratiun on Monday next.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved that the
House resolve itself into a Committee on the subject tif Silk, and
in order to rectify en error which had been committed.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee.
The (7-HA:NCI:IAA/It of the EXCHEQUER observed, that it
had been proposed .0 allow on all Otganzina silk a drawback.
which would be equal to the duties ; because it Wrildi be a hard
thing if people who had a quantity of this silk were not enabled to
sell it ; and it would be equally wrong to 'How the silk-throwsters
this drawback on what hail been before brought under this head.
His proposal now was, to give each party that which he was en-
titled to.
The Report pas ordered to be received to-morrow.
The CHA EbIA)It of the EXCH EQI 'ER moved that the
Order of the 1/ay fur the House to go into a Committee on the Silk
Bill be read, for the purpose of postponing its further consideration
to Thursday next.--Agreed to.
Thll/ Annual Duties' llill was then read a third time and
passed.
I'he CH.INCELIAM of the EXCHEQC'ER gave notice that
on Thursday next he should move for the House to go into a
Committee on the Irish Union Duties' Bill, when it was his inten-
tion to propose the remission of these duties.
The ATP/RM.:I.-GENERAL moved that the Bill for re.
muneration to the Law Officers who hail been deprived of their
fees in consequence of recent Acts of Parliament, should be laid
befire a Coniniiuee of the house on Thursday nest .

31r. 11 1' 311.; thought that the best way would be to refer it to a
Committee above stairs. lie wished the Learned liendeman so
state his reasons why he made his present !notion.
The ATT( N EN ER.II. observed, that the grounds
conk only be stated before a l'ortmuttce. These was nothing new

THE WEST INDIA QUESTION.
Mr. CANN! N(3.--ster. in the discinarge of my duty le the theme
and the on:retry this evening. it is my intention to aim ,in as
short a review as possible, the measures adopted, carnal the course
pursued, in consequence of the resolutions agreed td last year.
Alter I shall have done that, I shall call the attention ef the House
to a measure, kindred in its nature, and which will furnish us side
that population s hese interests we are now called on to ectleidee.
I shall teutpone. however, to the latter part of my addrese
this branch, in whirl' I hope to receive the unanimous cot.currenee
of the House. I shall address myself in the tiro place to the con.
eideration of those pvner% which ire on the table, and I shall.
therefore, fewest the Clerk to rend the TlSOltaiol:i agreed to
last year.
The Clerk then lead the following resolutions :-
1 " Ist. It is expeuient to adopt effee nal and decisive maadiee
for ameliorating the condition of the slave .population of his Ma.
iest"lsll.6 ilyu.'n'lin'hijil.
alPittliament should adopt arch tempera: tad pet-
severing but dent nineties. as might amble this country to :tab
forward to the penetrate/ye improvement of the slave peporatioc, we
ar to paparelliene foe the receptioe of the civil rights sojoesd by
his ilasutesaubitans. •
s ..
tisititry.'Thae .riiament is isimitum to adept the
effectimc these meartures, sompatilde with tterll
of tee Nave., with the security et the colonies, and lacerate of
threw whew property is concerned."
I tent desirous, Sir, that the Home should bete preterit
to (Halt mind the text and the meaning of thaw resole.
Lions-snot to look to any general prinsiples or witle..presti
theory, as the basis of our conduct ; bat to take these *solution, as
the code and the guide of all we have undertaken. If there be ant'
one subject Mere than another to be looked et with the aye of a
Statesman of a Leese/atm—if tbete be any one subject more than
soother which should be approoched with a degree oaf awe aid sp.
prehension, that before us is the question. To think of hs mag-
nitude iv almost susrtiing,--to give fill! expression to its extent and
difficulty, sasnewhat of a dangerous nature I bet particularly, and
when it is at the same time to be made die subject of practical
and improved alteration. It is a question of Mil/edit approach.
even to the casual spectator t but he Who decks to remedy the
evil, rinds difficulties thickening (bout hint at every step, and
his course, after all, can be but a choice of ditficalties.
Sir, formidable as the subject is in its prevent shape, ft is
less so than it was last year, when the ?evolutions you have heard
were first propounded to this Hoene. Theo, Sir, ached to coccikate
opposite calculations, to meet .:cad soften eetravaipmciee l then,
we had to grapple with theory against experiment, and to struggle
with middy diffused prejudices. That, however, which was dons
last year has narrowed the groand of controversy mew) and I arr.
to hope that the collective sense of Parliament. and the general
feeling of this House, In whist was then acceded td, has not been
wrong. If then we thotigilt of the dreadful and alma* Incurable
nature of the evil we had to combat—if 0113 We had expressed a
determination to do no, with a doe regard to the care of lees—to
the various sanctions of the lugialatteraseto the Interests of
property, and all the ramifications growing out of property ;
if we had determined to enter upon the subject, with a
proper regard to al! that interests, it will be obvious that
we so far made a cleat stage, on Which principle might
act, and that stage and this principle are still undamped,
in the view of his 31ajeuv's Ministers. I hope Ido not mhtrepre-
sent the sense of the !bine of Commons when I Ire, we ;defied
ourselves to no sodden measures) I hope I do not misrepresent el.e
House of Commons when I say, that we halted rather. the pa-
dual extinction of slavery as important to the slave, than to a pi i-
clamation, Inviting the slave to scramble for a prize of where vales
he knows nothing. As the faithful Ministers of the Rink as tie
advisers of what was best to protect these Varian Interests, we lore
bound to look not only to what wan right in theory, bat to wiat
was possible in practice t we were bound not only to do ail the peal
we could. lint to do it with the least possible mlatinie't we were not
' to proceed on abstract principle., the truth of *hick no man can
deny, but on principles which, being right in themselves. were also
capable of being put into practice. I think Ido not misrepresent
the sense of the linage and the conntry, when I say, there was rot
the slightest hostility against these persona whose lot east then: in
theme regions,which.se obedient to the crowo.of England, should els)
have the core of Parliament. While however we were guiding the
progress of an ameliorating system, it should be out duty to take
care not to carry the pie/ugh-Aare over the soil, the property of those
persons who bad a right to our protection. (Cries of Hear.) autos
are the views of his Maiesty'a Minims% amilJory Oen principles,
we are drama to be judged. If Ornekenese think more car tar
done, it is open to them to ad* a new preposition bat I
am of opinion that we should exeesd GUI dirty both in the mode
and the degree, if we proceeded Reedier titan we have dare.
I ant aware of the difficulty of the ambarraaments attending
the diacusalort of this question. I am aware that there is ecarce as
expression which we can let fall, or a phrase which we am tier.
that is not likely to be seized by one or other of the interested
parties, to their own purposes or to their offence, sw interested decla-
mation may choose to tit it. Ms if I know myself, I can say that
I have viewed this subject with the utmost impartiality. If I
have any partiality at all upon the subject, it is use arising from the
habits of my former life—tt is one connected with my thhibing aid
my feelings from the first moment I had the honour of a sea: in
this House, when I endeavoured to procure for the negroes that
boon which now Ido not less zealously seek for them I do CA
mean to say that I would begtrilty of any breech of faith if I fully
brought the slave question forward ; or that ocher, who did or dial
not do so, after mature reflection, were not justified in not mixing
up with the general question of the abolition of slavery, the im-
provements which are now to be superinduced upon that abolition.
I may, however, say that the whole question of the abolition wee
constantly argued, to the exclusion of those measures which.. are
now considering. With all the feelings ofone'a heart still fresh and
warm in this cause, it is not to be thought a matter of surprise it
we carry them still as freshly and as warmiy along with us, when the
wider held of good and of humanity a that selected for the Christian
display (hear.) I feel on this head some little alarm ; but let me
not be misuntlenitund when I say '` I only say there can
be an alarm if we act imprudently, but God forbid I should say
that any raceafyiersons were destined to incurable slavery. If /
be asked, am I the advocate for perpetual slavery ? I answer. Gerd
forbid ! (Hear, bear.) If Ibe asked, an I for Instant rata/hips.
tion ? I answer, that, weighing in the sole the difficulties of the
question—the danger of its suddenness, and the ruin accompanying
it ;—if I am to hold the scale between the two—between inetar.r
emancipation and continued slavery, I know not if I would at
rather say, let things remains they are, rather than Incur cit.e
dreadful responsibility of acting with elicit dangerous precipitation.
Between those two points. however, there le left to us a deb ueabie
ground, cm which to exercise our policy. I look not an much to the
emancipation of :he slaves as to the gradual amelioration of sla-
very ;—not so much to tit • stave being set free as to the station of
slavery altogether eepiring. In every State, engaged to a greaur
or a less degree in their question. from the lowest to the blithest
state of Eiropean civilization, all look to the amelioration of the
Negroes' audition ass work of caution, with the aided a counsel-
ling and en-operating legeelaterre, and not by courting diekultiri—
as a work which must win its way into the favour if ism, and
be uhimately carried by the light of season rather than enforced
by a system of coercion ((Ties of " hear.'") The peepers Lail
on the table consist of reports front several of the Wee India
Islands ; of the scheme which this Government has been carrying.
into execution in one of them, and also of the mode of operation there pursued. Some of these islands have independent legiellatlear.
and some are under the immediate control of the Crown ' the first
division I shall pauover to treat of it by-and.byr ; and I shall now
proceed, in the first instance, to an explanation of what the Govern.
silent has done by rirtne of its own authority. fienffeauen are
aware, as I have just stated, that the West India Colonies are di.
vided into two sorts ; the smaller under the immediate government
of the Crown, without any legislative assemblies ; and the other.
with legislative assemblies framed in minatare, afar that of the
Mother Country; and, like her representatives, they are not a
little jealous of any interference with their privileges. In the
course of the last year the West India body in this country earnestly
recommended to Government to Institute, in one o: the colonies
more immediately under the content of the clown, such experiment •
as were calculatei to ameliorate the condition of the regmee, wish
the hope that a similar course would be adopted by other of tl.c
colonies. Trinidad, St. Lucie. Demerara, and Bechirewere those-
more immediately under our influence ; and the slave parts of thee,
colonies were better fitted for trying such an experiment than any
of the others. Trinidad, the former Spanish cology. was the nus•t
faveseerahle; Selacie, the French, was the next ; and Demerara, o,s-
-t/utile, the third in point of ti ness for this projected alteration. Our
object, however, is not, nor has it been,so mesh eu investigate the en.
isting system, as to Mend all, and :o try the experiment in 'Trini-
dad as au example. It is not a little gratifying to me individually.
to think, that. shoot twenty years ago, when peace was
I called upon the lloit,e to keep that island as a phee of rape-
rineent for the amelinnition of the negroes' eoneitior. 1 then rev:
tainly made the motion with a view to the abolition of the slate •
trade ; but that motion coming from so humble an ind;vithial es
myself, mecumd no practical purpose beyond that of calling the a -
tention of the House to the advantage of keeping Trotioad ape...
and to obtain for it, not what a tee respectable 3lember of this
House (the late Mr. Marque) called the rights of Britons. bet
what i say is perhaps mow valuable (for they cculd not enjoy slue,
rights), the favour of the British Parliament cormithirg for the:,
prolianent inteest and advantage, unfettered by the Lakin nee ot
legislative araentblies. I hare now to state, that an Order. i i
Council has been made, directing the local Government of Triesti ai
to carry teal orders fro ameliorating the negmea into .1, sea efts era
and we sanguinely anticipate that this will lead eis far nci the riglv
road for that desirable consummation. I shall mate the dual, a. et
the arrangements a briefly as passible. and I shall reouteet the II
as I along, to compare what I stat: with that wllich was 61 a

4 it )
t ti
' 6)

'4l

;4't

w

ii

I

I.

:Ifr

I

I~ .
~~ r: ~

' - - t ' " 'think we am overthmw at nor.arystern co nncient and tete:oils
.. _..., e_._
year se the motet desirable objects to be acamtplished ; and I think I omelet that we ehouldmeseceed begrattutl stages. that we may Inve
they will see, that, though something may be left unnoticed, more an opportunity of wsching with an anx &oust and-tatieot soothe pro-
bs. bees doi.c than they had amicipated. First in oeder then, it is s of the experimest from its beginning to its consommatione
rejoined by the Order tn (Send', that the shocking and uneeent , trtrhat then are we abet to do? We shall erannience with loan
timetiateuen of females by the whip shall be entirely abolished. . Lucie, where his Majestea Government has the most unlettered
I Geer.) And it is but lust for me to say, that this abolition has action. We proceed to 'Frinidad, where we shall have the tree
been reramessended by the West India body in their resolutions of chine-Ty front the Spanish law, as at San Lucie we have it from the
haat yen, and they further subsoebed a mow artleieseeofteb booed - Mooch law. The system would be extended to Demerara, but for
the first step to improvemert in throe enoniee. The next alters- circumstances which ate fresh in every body's mind. (Heat., hew.)
iion enjoined is the abolition of the whip in the case of males ; It might be asked what would be '
the effect of the proccedingsin
ee a etinstilies to labour ; I mean the atedition of that cowl and . these upon the ether colonies? They had certainly revived the
r anus use at' it, which made- the 141100 often tittle better than one communication of the wishes of Phrliament in a spirit anything but
of the herd of the field. The use ofWhat, then, should be the mode of deelirg with
the whip to he in no are' ("mediatory.
telemetry ; it is not to be brandished as a symbol of authorial bythen' ? It, on a subject of such a neture,involeingench coneiderae
the master. nor teceived as one of degradation by the negro it is I dons, it were proper to Proceed, as upon other °tension., ancient bt.
leo to be applied to brute nerves merely--it is only to be nsed as a ; el Government and Parlionient, and no one more than the intli.
tussle of punishment. As to females it is to be tutary abolished ; I hi nal who now addresses you Personal''', might feel a desire to
as to rieithe it is to be ShOndled as a stimulus to Libi,lit ; and when apply measures of viperous coercion towards them. But, for my
used, is to be subject to many regulations. It is not to be , own part, I declare, unhesitatingly, I have no such desire. (Ch era.)
summerily iuflicted ; delay Is to take place ; it must be in. ; I should think it most unwise. 1 see, in the ebullitunie of spirit in
eted before witnesses ; il a record of the reeeee rinethed i thc lVest Indio., much to condenin, much to lament, but soutething
isM to .be kept, front which it can totally be aecertenined the, also te excuse (hear, hear). and nothisig to punish. (Hear, hear.)
number of persona punished, the muse Cr punishment, the' Nothing is cattier than to enter upon a struggle with the West
term of its infliction and the quantity inflicted. In ',hod, I'odise's • anti, if there were anything like a parity co' strength be-
the whip is ratio, to be. retained as an inetrunieet or pa,i,„h„,ea. 1 twcen the parties, I would not answer that the Imperial Legislature
T he two alteutiosts, it will be admitted, are likely to raise the I might not be roused to such a pitch of exasperation W. to threaten
mass of the negfoes front the condition of brute, end mite ; vengeance toJamaies. (A laugh.) There are three modes of deal-
asay the degrading entinctien which hitherto marked their lot 1 lng with these refractory colonists. The first is three ; the second
amongst the wiser classes of their fellow men. Nest in importance ; is that means of coercion which consists in legislative enactments,
nethem alterations, indeed I should rather Nay first in importance, ; fiscal regulations, and navigation laws; the third is the slow and
I Ot tle%t in order, comes that from which all human benefit,: and ' silent course of admonition and example. I would try the last
blessings, are Juiced-I mean the propagation of religion and I first. I hope we never may have occasion to have recourse to the
religiona instruction. It is therefore ititensitd to iottrease the ; second. The thin' can only he nootted to in a case of real nee's-
thurto eisabiohnient, and by that means to widen the Loris ot', city, and not under any curcuinstancee from feelings of wounded
instruction. Gentlemen will please to consider that this is the j Pride. (Hear, hear.) The question of the transcendental authority
more necenery, when they reflect, that when the present ostabtithe 1 of l'arliament over every part of the empire, is not a question to be
'bents were dewed, they were formed on the ground that the whites I lightly mooted. It is a question to be kept back within the peer-
atone were to have the benefits of instruction. 'To extent' the ester- 1 prod' of the Constitution, and brought forwent only on occasions of
blishment was now found necessary—that establishment founded I. the last importance; not on every petty squabble, originating in
on the fashion of the church, but not excluding the services of those ' mistaken notions of diemity, or supposed mange, on feeling.
who bed already served well Al authority and discipline, I (Cheers.) It would otherwise be rase •O en educe pass:ogee from the
as in this country, to be lodged with the church, without Josiah-a Gazette which should put u• in t toe ering rage. (A laugh.)
any objection to include those humbler fellow-Limon, who; but when I consider the utter pewees cm of those who are the
had to in the often barren and dangenose field. With I authors of these insults, and the omne ~.,:nee of those against whore
religious worship is to be combined religious instruction ; but they are directed, the very consciousnese dew strength is a reason
to detail is not now my principal object ; the great desideratum is i for Palming them by with disregard. (Cheers) If there are any
to render the slave capable of receiving other benefits flowing from agitators now seeking to lay the foundation of their popularity in
religion, and of duly appreciating them. Let n . here (Injustice ore colonies on their Mtendel resistance of the expected enentach-
to the West India body in this country, who have beam extremely Mend of the mother • country-if there are any men now etudying
desirous on this subject, and who have already used means to ex. the speeches in which they are so emulate the tame of ll'ashington
tend religious, instruction in more than one of the Colonies After land Bolivar (a laugh), let us die-appoint , them by removing all.
religious worship and religious instruction conies the care of those I ground for et nlPlaint. (Hear, hear, hear.) If they will have an
Outlines Windt are the sweeteners of life, and which conduce to and lnollireetitill, let us take care that it shall be dearly for the whip,
sanctify the other noose relations of smith,. It is intended to en- and the liberty of using it as they plisse. (Cheers. i We shall
towage marriage-an entourogement in perfect consonance with thus more effectually saint their eloquence ant' stop their dispiesi-
the views and knowledge of awes persons best acquainted with the I tiro for resistance than by any exercise of our authority. When
I 'Ohm's, in many of which the plan has already received • ready this Patriotic fire has no 'flintily of furl, it will go out of itself.
assent. Orme ing out of marriage alien); fresh charities of Ina.; and I (A laugh.) When no elitpusition is manifested to controul-when
in sill future Saes of negroes (for that word, mite, must still be I do army is sent to overawe, the spirit of discontent will die away,
used), care shall be taken not to separate the husband from the wife, al the ground% of offence betweea the countriee being thus iv.
the parent from or the child, n shall the nipple be denied I to the cry moved, the colonic,' will come amicably to the coneitiontion of whet
of :he infent (bier, hear); butt in case of isles they must be uni- I we reumunend, and they may be tethered gradually to ad opt
totally taken together. The bonds that cement fentilies, end I them. Situated epidemics is, amidst warnings and examplosh-
give life to existence, shall not be severed as before ; and wen:Atom to deter antrexaniples to invite her, with St. Domingo
wit .re entoni has hitherto given then eknoce a right-watever . and Celonthia before her, and with the proposed regulations of
Mat be requisite to secure him, not only what he has, but 1 Trinidad, St. Lucie, sod Deerara, it bl not to be supposed that
to keep Hai front want--bas been made a positive and herelefence of umnitigatill mslavery will be confined to the arse*,
unbending injunction, and shall henceforth be made the law the,tbat her nieces are happier then so many Britons at hoots
(Heir, hear). After tke omission of property will come the 1(A lough,) The ecclesiastical system will be divided between Ja-
power of bequeathing it when ninth.; and it is intended to institute niaica and i rin dad. - The diocese of one Bishop will extend over
tisane, not only for that end, but else to enable them to put up 1 the Leeward I mends ; that of the other over the Windward Is-
net metre their savings (and it is strange, that it the present state , lends 'This establishment will not be accompanied with any de-
o,' civilization so tate an invention should, even in this country, have 1 mend OW their finnan& ; the expense will be defrayed 11w the two
bent discovered urotworted to), and banks arc to be instituted for first years out of the interest of the swim late" appropriated for the
that purpose, with this advantage, that the negro shall not only erre-wind churches For two years no part sof that suni would be
have the security of low, but the eye of nottaiety to see that his required, as that interval, it was calculated, would be consumed in
rights ant unmedested. Bt• these Illeanti new Wt.'. will, arise in the winding up the accounts of the former expenditure. There was
iiegvo's mind ; he will feel himself lifted above the level of the brute; another fund whick hant authorised to gay will be avoided for all
he wdl begin to think, and be will feel a relish for the endearments other iturpestets• 'the Crowe list graciousl), moonset' to tie up its
of family; the acquisition of property will excite ambition; the own hands fraid tiny fonder grant from the et per fent. or leee-
gradual light sprees d over his mind will teach him to estimate the ward Island Fund, used the ecclesiastical estublishment shall be
value et the blessings he has still to enjoy ; and then the propriety regularly provided hoe. It was desirable that Parliament should be
of rteciving his evidence in a (mart of justice will come to be con- put in possession of the pritintoke on attic' we have acted, and the
mined. It would be as wild to say that the evidence of the negro Rl3/18 we proposed to carry into-execution. It now remains for
should now be nodeed, as it would be union to say that in all Parliament to discuss them, and I hope, in the course of the de-
Can it should be denied. In this country a slave.-not a slave, but bate, every Member will abstain front exciting angry passions, and
one in a state of as great unfitness to give evidence, front an ig- from casting general reflections on this interesting and painful
twenties of its nature and obligations, I would say an infant,-is not question. The sense of Parliament is awakened to the evil, And it
allowed to give evidence, unless under circumstances which are also will, I trust, proceed to the subject with a touperate but 'firm de-.
to be extended to the negro. Out Of this necessity, however, has termination to deal with it according to the principles of general
grown a consolation useful in itself, that those under whose care justice and sound policy. Above all, I conjure Gentlemen on both
the nape is to be placed can certify whether he is so fitted by in- sides, those who take part in the question by the natural and ne-
ntriiritat sato beaitniitted ass witness, and that not in any particular cessary interests they had involved in its consideration, and those
Eva nor to meet any, particular view or object, but generally, when who espoused the question from feelings dearer to them than any
d e i Adage goes that such and midi a slave has made such ad- interest, not to sutler themselves to be red by the exaggerated pie.
timers as to know the natimeof an mitts that his oath shall be ad- tures drawn on the one side (hear, heir), or the exaggerated ex-
misseible. A register of such negroes is to be kept, and this may pectations held nut on the other, for a sudden and doubtful benefit
induce that spring of all human actions--a becoming pride ; it may to one class of the colonial population to put to hazard and jeopardy
be teund a stimulus to general imitation, and lead untie result to thelives and properties of a numerous body of another class Though
we most desirable can uencene It is here, also, just to say, that in these debates we argue as of a clam and a population, let us re-
uniter more or less quali ne the system was now admitted in member that not living on the spec we cannot calculate the of
Ituminica, Grenada, St. Vincent's, Trinidad, and some few other feed of that incurable alienation which difference of colour pro-
of the Islands. Next is to came that which isanimitentent to re. duties (cheers). bet us recollect that our debt ter we. be read else.
highs% worabip-the abolition of Sunday markets, already morn. where, where that feekkog operates in ha strongest shape. To those
tardy accsied o in many of titeesiends, and recommended by that who are liable to be seduced be that enthusiastic eloquence, I would
re-wettable body the West India Planters in this country. They suggest, that in an assembly Imo which almost every man enters
sass, recommended such facilities in the way of manumission, as to fettered by so many of the ties, and connected with so mane of the
1'2,,5C11 those complaints of unwillingness which were heard interests of those whose all was eutbarkel in the questioh, little
dont maey of the other Slant's on that very important sub.. effect can be produced by referents to exaggerated statements
met. Various taxes have been remitted, to facilitate manumission, (cheer*); but above all let us remember that we are offering freedom
and I lope the time is not far distant when all the coition:, will to those who, by the confession of all parties, are nut in the condition
'follow the MUM example. The Veda in Council, however, goes to enjoy its blessings; that we are stirring a question not only dan-
thrther on this subject ; it goes beyond the recommendation of she gerous but gratuitous (hear, hear); and that as goad cannot be
'West Italia body here ; for it prescribes distinctly, that the Negro done in this case by fits or starts, nor by the operation of any great
wbe hes acquired property, dud', under certain regulations, be name or sudden change in the argent ; but that as in every perms-
allowed to purchase his own freedom, and that of his wife and nent aniendnient the masters must be the instruments of accent-
children. I have now stated the general grounds on which the pliably it, no course can be so fatal as to excite that flame of lap-
Ords-r in Council proceeds, cenorteiscing its operation in Trinidasl. Placab e hatred against them which can oily be extinguished in
I keow uton this question that great prejudice prevails; but lam far their blood (cheers. If any other plan in the same spirit of mo•
front saying that people more acquainted with the teolonien boy not deration should be proposed, I shall be ready to listen to it. It
fairly entertain them. 1 assure those individuals that their opinions. seems to me as I am at present advised, that an attempt to inflict
are not unknown to this Government ; but the principle already ex. freedom suddenty, would be of all unseats the most hostile in its
ins at St. Kitt's, and by usage already prevails at Trinidad; and I result to Its Formed object. I am prepared to do homage to the
hope, that where amelioration has already taken place, voluntarily, feelings of thaw who would go that length ; but it is clear to me
in soy of the islands, the example will spread to others in rapid that they would lessen the chance of ultimate success (cheers).
succession. In Nome, one benefit prevails ; in others, other benefits The only chance of co-operation in this work, front the white popu-
preyed ; and much will be done by bringing to bear on one society lation, and consequently the only chance of safety to the whole, is
the Orson: beneficial regulations which &renew scattered through- that the discussion should be conducted with temperance, and that
out all. The neglect of the Negre has long been a theme of de- the abolition should take place by the most gradual advances
clamming+, and the care with wh eh be is treated has been as loudly (cheers). It will not he necessary that I should trcublc the Home
talked of by those who take a different view of the subject; but at greater detail, but I should sin against the old prompt which
we, who are a: a distance, and who must therefore see with the eyes admonishes us to avoid that course. But connected with this sues-
tit others, must look to the facts as they are stated, upon the best and don for rescuing so large a paten of the population of our t'oloe
mon theinterested authority : and when we fled tha. useful rigida- rim from the evils of slavery, is that inhuman trade by which they
thine are adoptel in one colony, and not in another, we must almost were brought into that unhappy condition, and for the abolition of
erieseatily feel, that in eat ilding the good to all, we cannot, pro- which the country is so much indebted to the lion. Olen-leer for
poly sprekieg, prejudice tEe interest of any. So far we have seen lleambee (Mr. IVilberforce). I ant perfectly confident that the
that the scheme proposed fur adoption at Trinidad, abolishes all prohibition hat been sacredly observed in our own colonies; bin
use of the wiuili in the case of females; it abolishes it also in the true it is that the trade prevails to an enormous extent in the colo-
' ease of nodes except as an instrumento( punishment, to be ear- nit" of other Powers ; true it is that all the efforts of this country
deed unties certain regulations, ar.d never to be employed as a to procure an active aomperotion of those Powers against that evil,
stimulus to labour. Religious worship will produce religious instruc• have been comparatively unsuccessful. Among the ItIeaSIIICS that
dust, and in order to give 'sufficient time tar a due attention to its have been edvised and attempted IS, that those who are guilty of I
" liseey influence, the Sunday markets are to be abolished ; marriage taking part in the slave trade, should be obnoxious to capture, not I
is to be encouraged ; familira are to be kept together; property is only by vessels of their own country, but by those of other Powers; I
te be secured by law, and its subsequentt distriltution to be rikually in other words, that the offence shonld be constituted a piracy.
woke-red; the evidence of slaves is to he received under certam re- It was supposed at the Congress ofVerona, where the queetam was
geletione; and, lardy, every encouragement is to be given to their discussed, then it would be competent for a Congress of Sovereign
c wersipation, with this advalitsge, that if the parent choose to to erect the of of slave trading into a piratical crime, amenable ;
.purcOase his own freedom he nay do so, if of his child he may to the general law of Eurooe. This, however, 1 need tardly say,
do so, if of his more immediate kindred Ite may do so, with the cer- was a menake. We should be the last power to admit that any
tainty that if' all arc sold they ere not to be separated from one Congress of Sovereigns could enact laws binding in their operation
aeotha. Such arc the objects of the Order In Council, from on states who had not assented to then. (Cheers.) The proner I
which I anticipate, the most useful moults without my being course was for each state to decide for itself, whether the crime .
aisle to contemplate any danger from such manifest improweenenta. should be deemed piratical, by rendering it what in England is I
It in this purchase of freedom we go beyond the West India termed astatutable offence. By this means the subject's of the
Planters, we still till short of what is extlectesi by others (Hew, state were OM rendesed amenable to any foreign jurisdiction while
from Mr. Buxton). I know the Honourable Itlember is one the nature of the offense watt changed. It had often been proposed, I
of those gentlewen who go farther In their motions; but he will but in vain, to the Governments of France and the United States of •
Alms rue to say, that his Majesty's Government fed with a painful America to concede a right of mutual visit and search in cases of '
aexiety on this subject. They are not prepared to go all lengths suspected piracy. The House is aware that such a proposition
though they are {Oslo that which seems the b le for all the confilet• touched many sore points of maritime law. It was not surprising, .
mg interests concerned in this great question. I must confess, I therefore, that it had never been successful. I ant now happy,
did ,sox understand the Hon. lieut. to expect the total einancipa- however, to state. that not many days ago a treaty was signed by
tila of the Negroes few the prima or.noration ; a4f he did expect my Right Hat. Relative and the America Minister at IS'ashing-
it, do 1 sec how it could be acsoruplished with to any party. ton, aerating to a mutual right of visit. sobjest to certain limitations
Ara we to let in the full lighter heltdorn on eyes unsealed Rom the and restrictions, provided that both Governments established the '
scales of bondage? (Hear, hear.) Arc we to present to them an mine penalty as to the crime. In America it was already declared 1
object which they cannot measure, of whose dimensions they esti Piracy. I propose this evening to bring In a Bill in fulfilment of the
fort, no mheee notion, and who, with the intellect of children, are condition of the ratification of the treaty, by which the vend, I
ii,ot able to calculate the (Petatice from its cajoyment ? Are we to of the United Stela and England will be empowered to act` not only I
te'i the negroes that instant freedom is their right? (Hear, hear.) against the eineehrailere of their own stuntriee, but against those ;
It we are, then wc make their meant existence intolerable, with- belorighw to all other nations. (Cheers.) I do not feel it necessary to
se • being abk to secure to them any comepondino benefit for the enter further into the details of the treaty. The House will recd.
eita.e. lit the operation of moral causes, to make the parent 1 het that there were certain points of maritime law between us and
the instniment of his children's freedoni, is the sided course, the United States. These points of dignity have been nerved,
atal hot is the course which we intend pursuing. The free- and en both sides the right are declared not to be prejudiced, bet
damn 'Mond under our plan will be safer and stabler aceuir- liable to revival on any future occasion. The Governments have
el by Noise wears. and under those modifications, than if it agreed Ite to this subject only ; but as to this, the treaty is toot
w ere the creature of any sudden measure of tilliirepiteti calamine- ample and effectual. Each power preserves the administration of
don. (Hon. how, lie-ar.) ‘Ve cannot deal with the negro as wlth law to its own subjects, thought the rupture of offenders is common
an infant of larger growth, vno, better he is admitted to freedom, , to both. An Ameri •an vessel may take a British ship, if it is fourul ;
can be [ovidal to enjoy it. If we emancipate hint suddenly we ' engaged in this nefarious (3a-de i and I trust, that if there is
shall turn him wild, in the fulness of his physical strength-in the I one so employed, which I doubt, it will be captured. (Hen. I
maturity aids physical minions ; but in the infarey of his mind , hear, hear.) The raptured vessel -sin then he sent for adjudics- !
nett reason. ( Mar, her.) Like the monster of the VOITSInte. I tien to theeountry to which it belongs. or delivered to the first ship I
created by the 'kill of the sorcerer, who, however, could infuse of war the captor may meet at sea. The only practical ineonve- I
i"e,, hia mature power and strength, only for the puler/ea of tins- 1 es nlence that could result from declaring this offence to be tirades', I
thief, we shall find that we have only created a giant, at whose that of exposing the subjects ofone power to the criminal jurisdic-
dehie we shall recoil with horror anti dismay. (Cheery.) This ; el m of seother-is thus avoided, I hope that this treaty will be
raeuld he the effect of rash and unprepared emancipation. They I found effectual tor its purpose. Its benefits cannot be small, fur
would rush into all the wild dissoluteness of licentiousness before when the two first maritime powers in the world shall be seen that ;
rsd -.heir minds to compreh.nd, .to have compromised, their pride and submitted to an agreement of .
herefore, I prolsom to go • this kind, we may surely go to the other governments with no small
mere whose enthusiasm I power and grate to require their accenlen to this truly virmisus
dente will object that and beneficent measure. (('heers.) The Right Honourable ties.
rill. (('heers.) To Le tleman then concluded by flaring for leave to bring in a Bill for
awe. (Cheers.) flare; the more effectual suppression of the African Slave Trade. [The ,
dive we to suppress an 1 the continued for several minutes after the Right Honourable'
show dintersiows we can Stientlentan hop resumed his seat.]
vy direction we can ac- I Mr. F. BUXTON said, that though a considerable part of the ; ,
the growth of centuries; ' Right Honourable Gentletuan's speech had his corthel approbation, •
tate almost newel with I yet by far the most important portion had given the greatest dimp-
lifted, has existed %ince ',ointment. lidera he went into an exantination of the Right
ion for legislation, we IlemenraOle Gentleman's plan, he suggested that there was a Fedi.

misty (Frahm, wildly, there sbouldbe say debate at *Hon the (leaflets* the meaning of these athrertisements—he would ask
salijiet—(llear, hear).-whether they were me bound by pru- them what they could possibly willtan—!f the whip was merely a
demisl consideration and theyositive pledge of last Session to ab. symbol of office, a bulge of authority It Was the statement made
stain wholly from the discussion. (Hear, hear.) last Seasion his respecting; the whip hounded upon truth ? Coald he believe it,
Majetty'a Minister' had taken up the question of davery, and when at least one half of the negroes who Were apprehended
under their guidance the House had agreed to a positive and ape. in the island had their hocks market' ? With this fact be-
eific pledge to pursue effertual and decisive measures for the sine- fore him, he could nut bring himself to believe that the whip was
• lionuion of the condition of the slaves. (Cheers.) The Honour- merely a badge of authority. He was compelled to believe it
able Gentleman then read the resolutions plaid last Session. That was used as an instrument of service. If this his opinion were
was the nature of the pledge. If it were said the colonial legisla- denied, what, he would agent ask, was the meaning of the silver.
tures would not consent to the measures implied in that pledge, tisetnents he had read ? If there ins truth in these advertisements,
there was a further pledge given by his Majesty's Ministers, that 1 how could the assertion of the West bides gentlemen be supported,
' they would expect front incitement a full and fair co-operation and how could the fact of the branding. be denied ? There was
iin enforcing them. (Cheers.) It was expressly stated, that any . another circumstance that had come to his knowledge within a few
I resistance to the expressed wishes of revilement, would create a days ; before that time, he declared solemnly to the I totem, he
case on which his Majesty's Ministers would not hesitate a ma- would not have believed it. Ile did not think there were in the
client in comine down to the House and asking for corns!. (baud West Indies persons who anted brand the flesh oftneir fellow-man.
cheers.) The hest pledge was a pledge of amelioration to all the Ile would state one case more to the tonne respecting %hat, if he
slaves in all the colonies. The Right Honourable Gentleman's did not know It from authority, he could not believe. It was the
plea was applicable only to a few slaves in Trinidad, St. Lucie, case of a female named Betsey, a Creole, and to this instance he
and perhaps Demerara. If the pledg"_ had been fulfilled, the would call the attention of the House. She had various marks
House would have been debarred from discussing the measures; branded upon her breasts. There was another wtan who hail se-
hut if it was not actually abandoned, it was at least so reduced, so weal letters not distinct upon his person. 'lhere was Peter, a
limited, so confined, that now, instead of meaning amelioration to Mangelo, who had lumps all over him, and each shoulder was
the slaves in all the colonies, it meant only amelioration to the marked with a cow. John, a Creole, was marked in like manner
slaves in one or two islands. (Cheers.) • The rest were to share upon the breast. It was not, in his opinion, possible to deny the
the benefits of cinanciputson at some distant, undefined, and re- brutality of such a oust yet as this : the person who could do so had
mute period, which hardly any man living could expect to no sense of propriety ; and he would again repeat, that when five
see. If die House were to wait for the slow and silent hundred cases of this description took piece in one island ia a year,
course of admonition and example (hear, hear")--if they were and when the negros apprehended were marked aad branded on
to mist to the progress of the light of reason (loud and re. their bodies RS he described, it was impossible to look upon the
listed cheers)—lie would repeat, it what they heal pledged them- whip as a liter badge of authority. Another lion. nlember had also
wives to perform was to be left to the unassisted operation area- described the whip as mere ornament, and that therefore there was
son (loud end repeated cheers again), they might calculate with no necessity he its abolition. Ile agreed with put of the plan laid
certainty, lie admit. • 1, on the result being attained; but li_ was down by the Right Hon. Gentleman, which had for its object the
afraid it would not he for ten centuries to tome. (Cheers). The prohibition of the whip by law. To this he agreed, provided it
pledge given to 700,1100 slaves was the more sacred, because none was done soon ; and the next point upon which he would
of them could claim itsentni cement or protest against its violation. insist was, that this prohibition should be extended to all
If one iota of the pledge was abandonee, let it be clear that the the West India islet:els. There was in the plans suggested by the
!louse were trot parties to the abandonment. Ile gave his full and Right Honourable I ieetleman one to which he begged to call the
cordial approbation to the Order in Council. Vilietever might be attention of the House. lie confessed it surprised him. It was
its minute details, the general principle was sound. So tar as possible he mistook the Right Honourable lientlenian, but he un-
those measures extended, and so far only the pkdge was redeemed. deniml him to say, that the missionaries going tam] this country
lle admitted the brilliant and dexterous Weal of the Right Hon. should be placed, in some degree, and to a certain extent, under the
Gentleman ; but he had a duty to perform. which he was aware control and direction of the Bishops. This measure, if he un-
might again, as before, bring down upon hint reproaches, but del-stood it rightly, would not, or cuuld not, at this or any other
I which should not theretbre be by him neglected. He would not period, be owned into effete. And if the Right Honourable'
tacitly acquiesce in the defeat of their hopes, nor wimess in silence Gentlemen endeavoured town this measure, he would most as-
that
measure which WA% intendl.4l fors wholeArchipelagn, pared down sureelly fail. It should be recollected that these missionaries were
I to a single island. What then were the practices that were confirmed dissenter*, and when the} embraced the doctrines of the Church ufl
among every ninety.nine out of every one hundred stoves in the England they ceased to he so. He hoped the lion. Gent. would
West Indies ? By law and custom negro females were stripped not persevere, as it would operate against the suce.ese of the these
naked and stretched on the cunt,and were publicly whipped in sure. There visa great objection he lised in regard to the manna in
the presence of their own fathers and sons. This outrage on nature which these regulations were to be carried into effect, which be
and decency was, he rejoiced, to be abolished in Tnnidad. He would not discus at present, as it was not before the Hons. He
agreed with the Right Hun. Gentleman that die filet step towards was well pleased with that part of the plan which regarded the pro.
the improvement ot the negroeswas, that some attention should be petty of the Negro, and sanctioned bylaw that property which sus_
paid to the diffeeence of the sexes What hope of refined feel. tort gave him before. There was another subject to which he should
mg could exist where the negro females werenakedly, publicly, and call the attention of the House, which appeared to him of the
sietineksly flogged? (theme). What mtiotial expectation could highest importance: he meant the rejection of Negro evidence
there be, teat a young female negro could be modeet or chaste throughout the West India colonies. Upon this part of the subject
while ale was liable to be so treated ? It was impossible they he would appeal with conlideece to the House, and ask, if, by the
could be utherwise than destitute of decency while they continued wise, • of Negro evidence, all law was not refused to the entire.
in so wretched and debasing a condition. But this first step population of the islands? This, in his opinion, would not be de-
towards moral improvement was to be taken only in Trinidad. nied. The white population consisted of about fitly thousand, and
• (Cues.) What the Right Honourable Gentleman himself called the black population was *even hundred thousand ; here there.
unseemly and shocking. was to be removed only from among fore was a proportion of fourteen to one, if the white population
22,000 staves in 'f riaithul, and eventually fel/Mein St. Lurie; but were supposed to be dispersed over the country as the blacks were ;
every step towards improvement was to be refused to th. 71.10,0110 but the whites were not scattered in this manner ; they in general
negroes in the other parts of the Nast Indies (" No, me") resided inehe towns as 'enchants, professional persona, clerks, etc.
The Right Honourable Gentleman indulged the•hope that the and amongst a population of two or three hundred Demos there
day was not distant when our views and wishes would be em. were generally two or three whites. This would be giving one
braced by the 'West Indians themselves. On what did he found white to one hundred blacks i and if by the law, as it at present
this opinion ? Hsi they as yet manifestee any disposition to con- existed, a white man thought proper to go abroad in the thee of
sent to our wishes, flinch less to embrace our opinions ? How was day and commit a murdee, it would follow. from this statement,
the proposal to abolish the use of the cart.whip received in Ju- that it would be two htirifired to one if the person who saw the
maim? The planters assumed the tone of an injured, insulted, crime committed could he IM' evidence ; and if the white man sa-
and resolute people. (hear, hear.) At Barbados's, which, oo se- tested his opportunity and chose his time, and the person who would
count or the larger number of resident proprietor* educated in this he base enough to commit the crime would be sufficiently cunning
country, was insure embutel with English spirit the proposal. had to select his opportunity, it would be utterly impossible to convict
been discussed with greater temperance. The Houonreble Member him. In this country, upon a late occasion, Thurtell was convicted
then referred to a speech by Mr. Hampden in the Bar• by a chain of circumstantial evidence, and if a link in the chain had
bailors House of Assembly. %hr Hampden concurred in all the beer wanted, he would have been acquitted: this link was wanted,
liberal opinions respecting the treatment of the negroes, as to the and it was filled up by the evidence of an accomplice. Under the
necessity of religious education, the abolition of the Sunday law, as it stood at present, it was completely impossible to procure
markets, the removal of fines on manumission, and even the adn a conviction in the Colonial by means of circumstantial evidence.
mission of negro evidence. He then came to the subject of whip- This rejection of evidence was the source of the greatest mischief
ping females. He described Lord Bathurst as a bitter enemy of to the uegro population ; and there was no satisfactory reason, in his
the colonists, who had suffered his pnnciples of duty to be van- opinion, foe rejecting his evidence : it was productive of the worst
guished by his fanatical feelings. On the flogging of females he possible coneequencee Ile did not wish to trespass upon
indulged in SOUle very pleasant jokes. lie began with remarking the patience of the Howse, but he could not refrain from stating
that the use of the whip on females was calculated certainly to some authorities on the pthject. He would hr. fly state those of
shock our notions of gallantry, but unfortunately the negro ladies Chief Justice (Utley, efee Wylie, aod Sir W. Lung, who was sup. j
had a strong trtelency to an Amaronion cast of character, and he Weed to be favourable to the interests of the planter. It was his
Believed that their husbands would be sorry if they were placed opinion that ito grave reason could be given for the rejection of
beyond the reach of the cart-whip. %Then he (Mr. Il.) read this negro evidence, and he could not forbear quoting one sentence from
speech his mind naturally turned to certain damning ruts which hint. The slave, he said, by this rejection of evidence, was entirely
had occurred within the sit or seven years. The Hon. Member out of the protection of the law; and he would ask the West India
then referred to the case of two negro fetnales, who suffered twenty planters with what motive they withheld this right of giving evi-
lashes each with a cart-whip -because they had cried through sync_ dense—why the blacks were not trusted upon this emotion.
pathy, at a similar punishment inflicted before their eyes on two especially when it was ',melded by a clause in the Art of Council,
male slaves. This was at Nevis' in 1)110. The next was the tele. which deprived them of the right of giving evidence i'gainat a white
brated case of the negrees America, at limbic* -This woman, an man, that it should be lawful for them to give evidence against a
inoffensive, goodenstweed creature, had been publicly stripped and black. in his opinion, if there was a good reason fur not giving
whipped on acne= of some fault counietted by a child. - !the was evidence in one case, it should also exist in the other. The
pregnant at the time of her dreadful punishment, and miscarried answer of the planter, he knew, was this—that it would not
in consequenc of it. The number of lashes she received was one be safe to trust the testimony of a negro. front his habitual
hundred and filly, and she was afterwards 11 days In the stocks. carelessness of truth, and his utter disregard for an oath. Thhi
The next CAC was that of a poor female at Honduras, who, in a was the answer of the planter ; and if it were false, its falsehood
naked state, had her hande tied to her feet, anti a stick passed be- should be &hewn i if it were true, it disclosed to all the
tween them, so that her dab master tumedher over at his plea. nature of slavery—it (inclosed the nature of that system which
sure to torture her. She had also a large cattle chain round her sunk a man so low. which made him so despicable, s not to be a•
neck. Her body was lacerated all over, and her wounds festered ; fit companioa for the probers and Hunts of this country. Hem
yet this picture of liars° depravity and misery, could not induce then was the situation of the lVest India planters. Upon
a .Inry to give more than Me Jamaica currency (about 331. Mr_ this subject one of two things must be done: they must either wi-
ling) as the penaluy adequate to the crime. The next rase was that mit the credence of the negroes, or they must cease to he the advo-
of Peggy, in 11121, at Modems. She was handcuffed and shackled, cams of slavery—they must cease to pronounce the encomiums of
and in that state placed in an old store, in a climate in which, to that system ethich made the negro population such liars that their
those even whose limbs were free, the musquimos were very tor- evidence could not be admitted—they must in future cease
nuenting. She was afterwards, in a state of nature, confined in a to be the encomiasts of damn, which debased the negro's mind
dormitory, in which some slaves were occasionally imprisoned.— and rendered it unfit to be the tenant of the noble form of a man.
lie lamented the necessity of encroaching upon the patience of the There was also ahother crteummance to which he matt decidedly
House, but he felt obliged to state the objection which he had to object—he meant the power nosessed by the planter. He objected
the system, for different and many reasons. Ile hated slavery al. to the absolute power of one individual over another—to the power
together; he hated it, as it operated upon the conduct of the of tearing and rending asunder all the ties and affeetiess of our
luster ; he hated it, as it operated upon his mind ; he hated it, as nature. It was in the power of the master to sell the slam when he
it affected the moral condition of the Negro—it degraded and de- wished ;--the tax-gatherer might sell him tit was competent to
based him—as it defiled the man and made him vile in his own the creditor to sell him fur the discharge of his debts. The master
eyes and in ours; and he chiefly hated it, because it operated as dies—his property was divided, and descended to two heirs I one of
an obstacle to the moral improvement of the negro. If the measure floe helm might take the husband, the other the wife or child.
of moral improvement were attended to, the cart-whip ought to be He would state one act of peculiar atrocity, which at first lie was
laid down. Ile had heard it asserted, in fact, by an Honourable inclined not to believe: it took place at Demerara, a short time
Member opposite, that the cart-whip was not used in the West before the insurrection in that island ; the account was before him.
Indies as a stimulus to labour. He for his part maintained and it was only a few days ago that he received it : it was the ase
it to be used as an instrument of the most cruel punishment, of a negro, a most respectable
man for his situation in life • he
moreespecially when it was inflicted upon females. He had heard was called William, and was inserted Ili years ; he had 13 chilies'd
it objected that the negro would feel dissatisfied if his wife was living ; the estate was divided between two persons of the name'
exempt front the torture of the whip ; this assertion was either true of Rogers : these persons separated the man from his wile and 1$
or false : if false, as an argument it went for nothing; if true, children, and debarred him all access to them; he was threaliessi
what was to be thought of a system under which such a feeling with flogging and imprisonment if he attempted to see than; he
prevailed ? Ile hated slavery, not chiefly for the physical id; was besides liable to be said or to be sent to a distance, perhaps se
terings lit inflicted—he hated it a thousand tints more for the miles off. This took place in the month of August: the unarms.
moral debasement it produced. Allowing therefore the expression tonbeck' out on the 17th of the month, and by the last accounts
lof Mr. Hamblin to be true, that the Negro would be indignant if from Demerara. he learned that the unfortunate man was hanging
i his wife were to be exempt from the punishment of the cart whip, in chains, tor haying, as it was natural he should, joined in the in.
I how, he would ask, mule that system he justifies!, under which surreetion. From a circumstance like this, he wondered this eye-
the moral qualities of manhood were extracted hum the breast uf tenshould have existed so long; stillmore he wondered that
I any iniliyittual to such a degree, as to make hint grumble if his any person whatever could expect it to laat ; and if there
' wife, his sister, of aged mother, were not, in a state of nakedness, was a majority in that House to support it, he knew there
expos el to public punishment? With reepect to this system of pu- was in this country a feeling of decided hostility to the mea.
nishtnenethey had, he thought, the conclusive opinion of the House sure. lie knew the country and the public would not be se-
from what passed on a Cornier occasion, and upon this subject he tisfied, after the pledge given for the amelioration of the condition
would appeal to the !louse, on behalf of himself and of those with Of the Slaves, with those promises being frittered clown to an ex-
whom he acted ; and he would ask if they were not traduced and periment made in the Island of Trinidad. The public et erld not
calumniated through the country—if they were not itemised of wild wait for this course of proceeding. He for one thought some de.
' and enthusiastic modes of legislation on the subject before the cisive and efficient measures should be taken, at no remote period,
House? (Hear, hear.) Ile would now demand that, which he on the subject, that would tend to the extermination of slaver . He
could net dement, out of doors, justice. He would ask if they acted was not, as It was well known to the Right Honourable (lent
lunder the impulse of the feelings laid to their charge ? He would hostile to the interests of the planters ; and he would gladly, and
ask if he and this friends had gone beyond the feelings of the House with the most unbourded satisfaction, assent to any measure that
• and the country, when they asked the cart.whip to he thrown could be devised, which would at once give liberty to the slave
down? (Hear, hear.) He knewthis svetem was denied by several without doing injury to any inn's fortune.
of the Gentleman connected with the 'mutest Indies. and by men of Mr. R. ELLIS could mu refrain from troubling the House with
• the highest respectability, and who also promised that fcniales a few 'observations upon the matter under discussion. Upon this
should is figure be excluded front punishment. He again lament- subject he had lung sirte formed his opinions. and he saw no reason
Id that healiould be obliged mareapege upon the attention of the whatever for changing them. Perhaps he would not adhere with
; House, but there was ar.outer haunt to which he felt obligee! ui refer : so much cerfidence to those opinions if they were guided by and
'lt was asserted thit the whip was not applied to themes—that it was depended on tbetuoalees alone, but he had acted in concert with,
not used in theWestlndies as a stimulits to Inhour. For this rentnn it and consulted gentlemen, sleteply interested in the West Indies—
! 'night therefore be with as much propriety extinguished. It WAS affirm- men who lied at once the advantage of long experience and local in.
led that the whip was not used ; it merely was suffered to bang formation. Sonic of them had the rare of a great number of neves;
j upon the shoulder of the driver as a kind of ornament ; that it wag they were the piesesom of considerable property. These gentle.,
I sot a stimulus to labour, and the slave use not subject to the di- men had concurred in opinion with hint, and lie would follow the'
rection or control of that individual. In this opinion the Right I course they recommended. The Honourable Member referred to
Hon. Gentleman hinonlf ertniel to concur,
when he made his 1 what haul fallen from him on a former occasion. He would say
' ustatements respecting the driving system. He had also afferitted, that lie was not in the least sorry for any thing he stated to the
that the curt whip Was used not as a stimulus to labour, and it , House: lie had said the cart-whip was net used as a stimulus to
Pan stated in it pamphlet, written, lie had heard, by an Hon. !labour. lie was ready to repeat it. He had also done him the
Member of that lit:tete. that the whip in the hands of the driver ! honour to notice another expectation, as if it was his, that the whip
was merely a remnant of an old etistoin..--3 Symbol and badge of his was tre-rely an ornament t this expression he hail not used. The
office; and he went so tie as to seine, that theletup in the hands of I Honourable Gentleman alleged he corrected him. Ile was ready
the (infer was, as complied to ;try use that might be matte of it, to discuss the matter. As to the marks upon the bodies of the elates,
exactly what the mace WA+ in the hands of the r4--rgeant at Anita, the answer to this was perhaps too obvious to the !louse: it was too
and the driver as much used the whip as the Sergeant knocked obvious that the whip was in this case axed, rot as a stimulus to
down the Members as they entered the House. (Laughing.) From labour, but as an insmoment of punishment; and the marks upon
all [bete statements and authorities, he had been led to believe the persons of the negroes were perhaps the efiects of punishment
himself guilty of error, in supposing the whip was used as a sti- inflicted in the regular manna, in the orderly and due observance
multi. to labour, and he was studying In his own mind how he of the commands of the master, overseer, or magistrate. !le knew
could make atonement for the erroneous opinion which he had it was for the purposes of giving effect to quote the instances of
formed when he took up • file of the last Jamaica papers which the marks which were initiate' upon the bodies of the negroes. Ile
had just arrived. They were the recent papers, and he would refer had particular feelings about approaching this question, when he
to stone but recent instances in there papers. He read that the I recollected the happy state which once subsisted in the Colonies ;
slaves were still taken to the public makes ; that one of them was when the masters were strongly attached tn the regress, and placed
marked C.G. upon the shoulds,and marks of tingeing; another was the firmest reliance upon their fidelity, and when the negroes felt
described as tusked with the letters I.C. upon the left shoulder, and the warmest attachment to tie planters. These feelings had
was said to have many blotches, the nook-, of several floggings, undermine a change. Al-hen he was last in Jamaica, he resided in
and a [nark upon the ode of the tongue. There was an account the midst of one ihonsand negros, in a house which had not a
of a female slave called Sarah, who had also the marks of several luck either to a door or window ; but he aid not know if he could
floggings, and who stated she wee abandoned by her owner, and reside amongst them in the same manner now ; their feelings had
sent into the *mods to die. Of cases such as these there was a undergone an unforturate, and he trusted he might say a temporary
multitude. There was another slave earned James, who bore die change. No matter what the cause of that change was. The
marks of many severe floggings, and who was otherwise bneeled discussion of it he was convinced would not produce any beneficial
upon the hack. He had neither time nor inclination to read these result; it would he attended with no good. He could not retrain
papers himself. but the person he employe(' to read them for him I from observing upon a compliment which the lion. 3leniber had
had informed him that there were at• Jest WO such cases in one thought planer to pay him at the expense of his oilier fechrep ;
isleed alone. Alter the iktusal of these paper., he would ask but he would assure the House he could not think of accepting

this clenpliment. Of all the lamentable ennecquenem whiet rest
from the change of feeling in the Colonies, none was or a more
serious nature that: that obstacles were opposed to the meal ini.
Foreman of the nevem. When each racket front the; country
took out an account of the debates in this HOLM, and when the ne_
grees believed this House to bs anxioas to bestow upon them tho
boon of enfranchisement, and their tuastm were hostile to it, W.lB
it possible in such a state of things that the shires sh-eld have fv-el.
legs compatible with their situation, aid should t sin sin due lab.
ordirratioe ? And when. on the other side, the nos en feared the at.
tempts of the Slaves, argil remembered the 14:e totem, t 4 at ineurrec.
tion, it was impossible that these parties should have those feel.
logs towards each other, which would be consistent with public
tranquillity ; and they were not in a suet to meet the wishes of
the Home and the con or y. He therefore thought the Howe
I slimed wait until these feelings would subside, when this quess
teen could be brought forward far the benefit of the population
at large, and when it could be made nut alone praetat but
' salutary, and this important alteration would be considered as
the foundation of all good to the negroes. Ina moral paint of
view, he was rejoicedthe Church Establishtnent was extended
to the Colonies ; the patronage hitherto was not in proper hands,
nor was it properly exerted ; the extent of the parishes and the dis-
I tanoe of the churches rendered the attending of divine service a
hopeless matter. As to the nrisisionaries, he would say that those of
the established church eve not bilinear in real and-clue:ilk-tunes
to the other missionaries from this country, and had done as much,
in proportion to their limited funds; and an* that their funds were
incrcadid, they would have greater opportunely ' • there were new
constant applications foe persons properly qualthed to go as nese-
°mutes. Ile now looked to the House to advance the plan, Su as to
tramptilliee the public mind ; this would be effected Wilda the Air
sculleries of the Colonies found that this Home did not interfere
with her powers.; that they did not mean to enforce measuno which
were disapproved of; that they would act .for the benefit of all
classes* that they would not extend their Measures to the etched
ratio, but they would use the argument ad rem:waiting; that they
would be influenced by example and advice. Then all grounds of
ljevkmay would cease; there would be no fear of interfereece: then
the government may look for the operation of its ultimate
plan with respect to the amelioration of the sleeve. L'ader
these circumstances, the Council of the Colonies would perceive
that Government would not proceed to the extirpation of ala.
very.tes an experiment, but would wait to see the prettied curse_
qitenoes in other Colonies. When the planters were satisfied of
these objects, the public mind would be tranquillised. There was
an objection which ,he had to the freedom or the leaves, and the
compulsory clause lattending it. With tegird to the evidence of a
negro, he thought It shoutd not be taken, if he did not produce a
certificate of receiving sane instruction in religion. With regard
to the compulsory enfranchisement, Many objections started to his
mind. lie questioned its utility as it affected the preperty of
the master, and the comfortt of the slave himself. With regard
to this enfronchimeinent, it should be left to the plan of the
original abolitionists themselves ; they spoke through the mouth
of their organ—the report of the Arrive' Institution, in which
theyrepel with indignation some insinuations thrown out
against them, and they assert they have not the most distant
idea of the hasty enfranchisement of slaves, but their object
was to limit the extent of slavery ; and of that limit the
masters and not the slaves were to be the instruments..`
It would be disingenuous in him to omit to suite his regret at the
temper with which those instructions had been met by the colonies.
It Was es Went that the colonial legislature understood them ass
threat from Government to invade their privileges. This certainly
was not a comers nor a fair construction of the language of Gs,
vernment ; and it had received a very satisfactory contradiction
from the speech of his Right Honourable Friend . but this was
followed by an insurrection in the colony of Demerara. There was
naleng peculiar ie that insurrection, as the plot of it wee discussed
le all the rest : but he vereld beg the Honourable Gentleness te
recollect, that those instructions could not be viewed with the same
calument and coolness among the West India planters. as they
were viewed by Gentleman its that House. The fears of the West
India proprietors were described by some Honourable Gaitlemen as
extravagant and unnecessary : these fears could rot he called ex.
travagant, if the negroes had read that their owners were accusee
of getting up plots far the mere purpose of oppressing their
deem : then he would contend that there way a just came for
their apprehensions ; sad they therefore might fell in distin.
emshing the correct sense a the resolutions passed by that
House, and which advocated in their opinions a spolietion of pro.
racy, not to be found in any country not subject to reyolunon.
Illuth allowance ought to be made for people situated as the cola.
nista were, and there might, he thought, have been more Rehear,
once displayed in the tone and manner of the Right lion. Gentle,
man. If there were any Gentlemen disposed to judge harshly of
the conduct of the colonial legislature, he would -onjure them to
bear in mind what their own dignity would induce them to do if
they were legielcing in the midst of heat and insurrection, and to
take care not to fall into similar errors. Ile would conjure the
House, if they participated in the feelings of distrust of the eche
trial assemblies, to recollect that this country had no other engines
by which it mule work ; and Parliataeot could only securethe ton.
quillity of the colonies by evincing kindly feelings to both ;area:
Ps: 'cement could not, by the meet coercive measures, compel the
planters to feel kindness towards the negroes, but they might ire
duco it by lenient and politic ones • by an injudicious interface"
they might occasion scenes of blood 'lac to what had mune
in et. Domingo. Ile concluded by imploring the House, if they
would accomplish the real security of all parries, they must do it in
conjunction with the colonial legislature.
Mr. WILBERFORCE congratulated the House on the probs.
bility thit existed of the amelioration of the condition of so laree •
portion of our fellow-creatures. His Hon. Friend who had pee.
ceded him on that sit:: of the House (Mr. Balton) had tad thefts
solutions that had been sent out to the colonise. The Hon. Gentler
man who had just sat clown, stated that those vesoluems had beet,
misurderatuoth It he misunderstood ? They were perfectly cleM
and explicit, and expressed as plainly as language could make
them. There was therefore no ground for saying that the; Ind
been misconceived. lie did not stab to enlargeon tbissubject; bat
he would ask, what had been dons for the colonies if we emelt.
wait fur the concurrence of the proprietors in our attempts teamed
the condition of the negro population ; but of their support he hid
no hopes ; if he cgme for the first time into that House, he might,.
perhaps, is the ardour of youth, indulge a prospect of its euccessc
but from what he knew he could state, that generation aka groats
tion would pass away while we were endeavouring to conciliate ell
parties to this measure ; and what must be the inevitable coms
qualms if the advice of his Hon. Friend were to be adopted? it
was the great misfortune of those colonies that the rich and blood
proprietors of the soil lived in this country, and persons of a de-
ferent stamp, and character, and feeling, resided there, who had toe
SUperiaSCIAIM end control over the slaves. He would appeal es
his lion. Friend ( Mr. Smithy, who had acted with the greatest libe-
rality towards his slaves at the time when he recommended a reform
among them--and this recommendation was seconded by • ;Mee.
Lary of State, who was known to be favourable to the abolitimd
slavery, seconded, he repeated, by • very strong letter, stating, that
if the conduct of the planters was net altered that the abolit ion weed
certainly be enforced, he would ask the lion. Gentleman if, mt.
withstanding this advice, his recommendation was not treated fads
contempt and indifference ? He must tell the House that what he
then uttered came from the bottom of his soul, and was founded on
his moat decided conviction, that they ws-e then oo the brink ds
precipice, and, if the greatest care was DOS taken, they would fill
and be overwhelmed. The enemies of this measure had maned
to the grossest falsehoods for the purpose of furthering their own
views. Ho knew that it had been mid that he (Mr. Wilberfocee
had written and forwarded pamphlets and papers to the lint
Indies, to be disseminated among the black population ; tails he
repeated, was a positive falsehood. Indeed falsehood and mi
sentation were the natural elements of the opponents of emancipa-
tion. It had been urged that the slaves were rendered refraMte
and insubordinate, on hearing of the debates in that House; ;et
it was forgotten, that in every island meetings took place, and Ms
solutions were advanced disclaiming any reliance on this coon!?.
These were afterwards public topics, that were canvassed in eery
society, and he would take as an instance the island of Jamaice-
when each Member of the Assembly went home they naturally talk-
ed over the events of the day before their Negro servants, who sew
consequendyenade aware—and it would soon be come known from me
end of the bleed to the other—that it was the intention of the lkie
fish Parliament to do something for bettering their condition, fed
that their masters in the island were averse to any such interference;
and this was the way in which the debates of the British Par*.
meatreceired publicity among the blacks. Such to his knowlt
has been the case in the Island of Jamaica. The slaves are on
toe to know what see the deliberations of the Parliament ; they
corer that his Majesty's Secretary of State, who seemed to be so fe-
verable to their intereet, is their enemy and when they hid
hoped to have the cup of sweets presented to their lips, it is sue-
dente dashed away, they are disappointed, and they find at leneth
that they must take their cause into their own hands. (Loud cries
of " hear, hear.") No man would bewail such an event mere thin
himself; to avert it was the subject of his constant prayer ; but ss
he apprehended such a crisis he felt it to be his duty, as an heart
non, to utter it. The light of day had soddenly beamed on them
they were cow to be deprived of it, and thrust into darkness WM*.
ever the Government intended to do to avert this evil, they sheetd
do directly, for he was convinced that it was impossible for this Mr
to pass over without something dreadful happening. IRS Hoe-
Gentleman appeal to their own experience, when their rrasonabis
and eager hopes were followed by such bitter d a mpointments—let
them link to the causes of the French Revolution, aid they tenet
acknowledge that it was trihiti' with popular fury that peeved
that dreadful explosion—let elan look at St. Domingo ; sit ;hr
ithechieti in that colony were brought on by the cacti:tee es of
French policy, by first granting the colored population eerier
rights, and then destroying them; the consequence of which was.
their taking the arms into their own hands, of wlech all who bead
him knew the result. (Hear, hear.) Whatever his Right Ron.
Friend might mean, he was sure that his object would not be TWW•
cot thvourably, either he the master or the leave, on the other side
of the Atlantic. It had been stated that insurrections armee the
leaves were not so frequent before the abolition of slavery as since:
this lie denied, and he felt that he was in a situation to prove it
lln .litiohicat there were great insurrect ems in 17tH, in lerie. it
1767, and in Grenada in 1757, and 1793 ; aed they used to harp!,
continually, and there were frequently discontents on partitede
eaNt(l4, which were carried to great lengths, though not cer-
eidertel an insurrection. He could not hope that the legiehti"
assemblies would adopt the model which-his Right lloneuestit.
Fri,nd wool,' wish to act them; it shouk! seem that lie ye.
do.i,our tit trying an experience*, and lie would introduce this in
in 'fritedad and the Bahamas. There places are not fair coterie
In Trinidad the proportion oldie African negro in greater than ese
creole, and in the latter the Dutch are not remarkable for the
mildness with which they treat their slaves; he therefore els
opinion, that in these two places the experiment could not be Midi
put to the test, ant! he (Mr. Wilberterce) therefore disavowed r
although he was r, aced that a milder treatment was. te
adoeted, eet he did toot think that the experiment was a red Pee
As ter as Trinidad was concerned they did little for is; to by
Spanish laws, the slaves were already at liberty to purchase tat

4

r
II

t

1 -1
‘,O
1

r 7 ( wows rusn llllaa alas ao .
c le an. a5mw••••••,•.......
il'elr Orgilit WCTt I.riptired to enjoy, or their 1
t'i..: blo.sings of liberty. (Cheers.) Theret
g:.tiltilly, betnium, we then go early. This
would lead them b..yond the bouilds of ruit,
~. try plan will take time. To be be sure at wi
. t sure it should. Whims.) To be sure it mu
we to do with the creation of yes:crtlav ? Ilal
11 it'll whose growth we have winched. whims
measure, and whose consequences in every
curately intimate ? No ! It is an evil of the
is the growth of tens of centuries ; it is a ini
the *bage—is state which, name or lesamodi
was was MM. Ja the fulness of our passiti
