1• Vt • -

`~ f,

Archic:hrgo, and are 'sending ships on . their own
account to Bet:gal, to sell copper and tin, from
Japan and Bailor, to the ruin of the British
ro. • g interest. The iinpolicy of giving up
these places' to them requires, no farther illus-
tration. But this is tint all that v.,e have
to complain of. In order to debar its from
all intercourse with the natives, they keep in
commission three line-of-battle ships, five frigatzs,
several sloops of war, and innumerable armed yes.
eels ; in short, there is every thing. but peace in
that quarter. The prices of colonial produce at
Java, in consequence of these restrictions, are as
follow :—Coffee from 18 to 20 dollar.; pepper,
13 ; sugar, 9 to 10 ; which is three times the price
they were when that line island wua under the wise
and paternal government of Sir T. S. ttA FFLES.—
We have already stated, that we are no advocates
for war ; hdt we are hot, therefore, disposed to
sacrifice the rights, ititstesti, cud honour of the
country to a rival nation. We have been lavish to
excess in our concessions to the Dutch; but what-
ever cause the country may have to repent of its
bounty, ire do not propose to retract a particle of
it. Let them have all they have a right to by vir-
tue of their Treaty ; but do not let them interfere
with the iffilepericlelice of the native ports, or re-
strict our c 00000000 rice at their pleasure.
The follow log 1. nii extinct front a private tette.,
dated Ilencoolerr, April 15, 181;
Our new Lieutenant-Governor, Sir TITOMAS
S. itsyrLss, Lady, arid roar, arrived here on the
21st last, lie landed on the tiekt day, and took
charge of tl:e Government, tinder the usual forms.
The great character which lie acquired in Java had
excited great expectation, and has made his pre-
sence very welcome. 'tire winner in which this
place has been eieglet.:ted, calls for immediate
change and revision, and considerable reductions, I
understood, are in contemplation.

" vi the arrival of the intelligence of the me-
lancholy death of the Princess CHARLOTTE, the
whole Settlement went into mourning, said on the
27111 :Ward' the LictitemititsCovertior summoned a
general meeting tf the inhabitants, who framed and
signed Addresses to their Royal Highnesses the
PRINCE REGENT Mid Mince 1.E0c0..n of SAXE.,
COBURG, deploring this calamitous event, which
have been transmitted to England by Captain
Murctita.t., of the East India Comi.uny'e ship
Northumberland.

" The Lieut.-(;overnor also took advantage of
the sorrow and ferlirig of the monterd to establish
6 The Sushatren Auxiliary Bible Society,' and the
Rev. Mr. NV I tun: rt, our Chaplain, preached an appro-
priate sermon on the occavioo. Nothing can equal
the melancholy with ;dill.h we are overwhelmed in
conseqn;rice of this sad catastrophe. Ey none does
it appear to have been more deeply felt than by our
Lieutenant-Governor.. flii Royal flightless Pri'nee
LEOPOLD was particularly kind to him at Clare-
mont, a here he was always a welcome visitor during
his late visit to England, prior to his appointment
to this settlement. The duty on the export of
spices has been taken off, and in a short time we
shall exhort enough fur the consumption of Eng-
land, anti eventually of the Continent. The culti-
vators think themselves well paid at a halfpenny
per lb. for nutmegs. As we had a right to expect,
from the hberal and enlightened views of our new
Lieutenant-Governor, I understand he proposes tri
itminediately abolish slavery, and emancipate the
natives from the forced deliveries, ikc. under
which they have heretotbre laboured. The gaming
acid cock-ligliting farms, the sources of end-
le.s evils, are to be abolished from the Ist of
Ably. The country has suffered much from
earthquakes. They commenced on the 18th of
March, whist the most violent shocks were felt ;
nearly all the public edifices are in ruins: the Go-
vernment houses usele,s, and every building in the
place rent and cracked throughout. These earth-
quakes have Continued at intervabi dui nag the last
month, hut hopes are entertained that they are
now over. There has been a South American pi-
rate *weeping these arils for some time, and if the
Patriot cause succeeds, the Insurgents will be
supreme at Manilla."

We have received Paris Papers of Saturday
14,4. The meeting of the Sovereigns at
Chapelle appears to he definitively fixed for the
last week in this month. The King of PRUSSIA is
expected to arrive there on the c.t.ttli. and the two
Burnous on the following day. The immediate
removal of the Army of Occupation is confidently
anticipated in Germany. An article from Dresden
States, that an extensive camp of Saxon troops will
he formed in the vicinity of that city during the ap-
proaching auto..., and that the Samoa corps now
in France ..11! form part of it.
The Five per Cents are 79 fr. 75c. Bank Ac.
liens, 1,6i2,2 fr. su c.

A Nilelt Mail has arrived, with Papers to the
:29th It i. ►tatrd, under the head of Frank-
fort, that the proprwal to erect new fortresses to
complete the line of defence on the Upper Rhine
has wet no opposition, but that their precise sites
are not yet agrrril 111)011.
The reviews of the various corps of the Army of
Occupation are rapist ted to take place early in this

We bore received flombolgis Papers to the 46th
IL•t. The Duke and DllelitS4 of CAMBRIDGE

IP •

travel b; easy :-,tagcs r It")
nets being in a delicate state of nor unu,ii...
in the marriage state. T!!t! Duke mid I)uelie•
Ci•RENCT: are preparing cur a to the t;•ii-.-•
Dowager of WIRTEMDERq, ci-derart him., •
Royal of ENGLAND, at Stutrird.—The King ;,I
SWEDEN is actively employed iu improving i:.4
navy.

Lord and Lady CASTLEREAGH left town vester-
day afternoon, for his I.orilship's seat, North Crzi:.,
Kent. This day they will set off for Brussels, tit
their way to Aix-la.Chapelle. In their suit,: int
the Earl of ClANwki.Liam, Lord F. CoNINo-
HAM, Lord ANSON, Mr. A. STUART, Mr. GUN-
NING, Mr. PLANTA, Mr. CHAD, &C. &C.

The funds stilt continue to decline, and although
the fall yesterday was such as at other times would
not be considered deserving of limy serious ow,-
lion; it was sufficient, in the present aspect of
affairs, to give birth to many varied and ingenious
surmises respecting the causes of such an event.
Large sums of money, we are assured, now lie un-
employed in the bands of great capitalists, who are
unwilling to invest the:it iii the public funds, until
the present uncertainty respecting the probability
of a war with the United States of America shall
have been removed. It is generally believed thrt
our Government are anxiously seeking out sum:•.
pretext for again involving this country in war; either
from a consciousness of their inability to retain their
places should they be reduced to a peace paire;mge,
or from a willingness to support, by every means in
their power, the tyronny of Spain over the South
American Provinces. The Madrid Note, lately ad-
dressed to the Allied Sovereigns, has let us into the
secret that the British Cabinet has bound itself to
fight the battle of legitimacy in the fields of
South America, not only without the consent r
the people of Great Britain, but even contrary t.,
their best and dearest interests ; and,from the emir.
nious influence enjoyed by Ministers from a trtr?;
patronage, sta manifested during the late hostilities,
the Cabinet might now very naturally hope to per-
suade a majoiity of Parliament that it will be to
their advantage to go kis war—and why not ft r
Spain us well as against her? This point, of
ference will, no doubt, be readily decided by the
ministerial logicians, who will tirge, that as the
faith of the country has been already pledged to
send its aid to Spain against her revolted Colonies,
Parliament can have no alternative, but will be
bound to fulfil the engagements of the Gcv,ern.
meat. This argument we have known to have heeii
urged with success more than once, coney-qoently
its extreme absurdity will not prevent the repeti.
Lion of it in future.

Arguing from the well-known disposition of the
British Cabinet in favour of Spain, our thy poli.
ticiasis, for the most part, anticipate a speedy ware
in which there can be no doubt Great Britain wilt
be pitted against the United States of America.
This anticipation, proved also by the increased
demand for all North American produce the
market, has certainly exercised some influence,
though not very extensive, upon the prices of the
hinds ; but we bust that the anticipation will not
he realised. ft would be an endless reproach to th
character of Britain should her arms be united
with those of Spain, for the purpose of crush.
ing the germ of freedom and checking the
generous impulse now felt by so many ,rtillionc
of our fellow-creatures, who seek only for their
natur:it rights. This matter will, it is said, be
determiiied in the ensuing Congress. But shall it
be said that England, free England, has sufferid
a conclave of despotic Sovereigns to direct at their
discretion the force of her arms, and that too against
a people who had fondly looked to her for our-
port, and not receiving assi►tance from her gene-
rosity, had only squired neutrality from her ju,.
'ice ? We hope the people of England will I e
tremblingly alive to a subject so dear to their inte-
rests and their character, and cause their senti-
ments to he loudly and untquivocally expressed,
should their Ministers presume to act in so vital a
concern without the advice of Parliament.

Extract of a letter from the Agent to Lloyd's,
at Buenos Ayres, dated the Gth of June:—" The
Lauturo (late the Windham), which sailed 6.r
Valparaiso the end of April, in search of the
Esmeralda Spanish frigate, fell in with and took
her by boarding, hut from the confusion on board
the Lautaro the ships were allowed to separate, HO
the boarders, about thirty in number, inchiding
Captain O'BRIEN, were overpowered and
The Lauturo had returned to Valparaiso, and ex-
pected to sail soon for Talcahuana, in Lima."
The Vigilance privateer, of Buenos Ayres, Cap-
tain Ross, arrived at Beerhaven on the 26111 ult.:
she had been cruising since March, principally et:
Cadiz, Cape St. N'incent's, Cape MM.:terry, anti
St. Andero, and has a considerable quantity of
plunder on board.
Notice was ou Saturday given from the Bank,
that applications for advances on the loans for the
service of the year 18'8, must be made at the Bank
one day at least previous to the day 4 411 payment.
It is said that the Citt:seEttoß or the Ex-
CHEQUER has paid into the Batik 2,000,000/. runt
of the 9,000,0001. due at the end of the ear.
Among the wellitary trophies now diTlayed in
the Chapel Royal, at Whitehall, are the colow-
taken in the conquest of Cana, now the thew.,
of Rebellion, as the struggle of the limit..! inhat.:-
twits of Ceylon for the restoration of the Legitimate
KING, is called. The circumstances which liars
led to this insurrection against the British Garen:-
ment on that Island, will no doubt be the subject
of a Parliametitary inquiry.

I

,

POETRY.
-,.....-. .
THE aiirrLE OF MAIPO.

[From a News YorA Papal

Sweep the lyre, swell it higtier
, Than it. thrill bath ever mounted!
From striae of ere pour the choir,
Slaipes plains be song recounted !
" Close Spain •!" Obey ery, and eye to eye,
Blade, blade—bay'net, bay'net clashes,
South's some, reply—" Oar. du or die!"
Who falls for bone bath hosoui'd ashes.
rrge the ',log, slay the dying,
Let ruin riot drunk with Bore!
Arm with arm, in carnage wining,
Till your rod of iron be o'er!
Death they despise, freedom. they prize,
Deluges of Maine eonteltding—
To the shier their war-elouds rise.
Rise, as earth by ire were :fain !
Slavery's crown of thorns is dowis,
Tyrant Spain to fllllll hotl'd---
The giant growa iu blood they drown,
Freedom's torch Maws the world !

KEW, Serr. I.

a

• tte4.;
h 10.,41.
toe

The Geld is wow, the battle done,
Wild war's thunders no more roaring ;
To the Otte that made the son,
Rise each incense voice adoring !
FI Ealti).
.0 " Clow Spain^ is the Spanish rig de gutsy*, or stir-

The PRIMUS RZGENT dined with the Quiz*
soil Priucrss AUGUSTA y'esterday. and afterwards
returned to the Stud-huu•e.

This day the Duke of YORK arrived from Lon-
don, and visited her MAJESTY, al.o the l'hiNcE
Rower, from the Stud-house, and dined with the
?riders..

Sir FRANCIS MILMAN arrived early tlii. morn-
in.:, from Pinner, who, with Sir H. lIALFORD, 14
in attendance here.

The Duke of KENT arriv,d this afternoon. on *
iigit to the QUEEN and Princess AVGUSTA, froiu
Kensington.
