He (Mr. Home) thought every means ought to be used to ascertain
bow Pm- Mr. Gourley was in a situation that required hurt to be
kept in durance, or whether he was insane or not at this mottle? a
Sir FRANCIS BUR DETT modem, or two olutercitions, but
hi a tone so inaudible that we could scarcely catch their purport.
We underatood the Honourable Baronet to say that he did not con.
eider that it would hearty admission oo the part of Mr. °outlay of
tits insanity, if be were to enter into the recoguirance which the
law required of him foe his future good behaviour. Ile conceived
it so be aunty impoasible that a compliance with that which the
law demanded of every person wbo had broken the peace would be
an admirsioa of the charge of insanity.
After a few words from 3lr. CHOKER the pedtiort was brought
p. read, and ordered to be rioted.
COUNTRY BANKS.

Mr. H riff E proiehted a petition from William Martin, a poen
lathe town of Seven Oaks. in Kent. rt.e petitioner stated, that
ea the rth February last he tendered to • bank in that neighbour-
hood eighteen one pound notes and two five pound notes, issued
by them, to be exchanged for coin of the realm ; that the bankers
gave him Bank of England notes for them; that be requested to
bare the coin of the realm, but the bankers neither gave him soar-
Deigns or the country notes back again; that lie applied to a Justice
of the Peace, requesting that he would issue a werrant to compel
the har.ken to pay the petitioner the amount of the notes in coin, or
to deliver up the notes he had left with them ; that the Justice de-
clared he bad no means of giving the petitioner redress; thar a
abort time afterwards the bankers sent the petitioner 211 sovereigns,
and wanted him to give up the Bank of England notes fur them,
bat the petitioner tensed to do so; and the petitioner prayed that
the House would take the subject into consideration. Ile (Mr.
H.) had thought it right to write to the bankers to know how far
nous stated in the petition were true, and they had in their answer
admitted that the facts were true. The question *as, whether his
Majesty's subjects ought to be placed in such a situation as not to
be able to Muth' the coin of the realm in exchange for that which
his M.ijetity's:tlinisters sanctioned as being pan of the currency of
the country. Ile understood the currency to mean that which was
exchangeable at all times into the gold coin of the realm. The
piano of the petition wee so completely consistent with his views,
that be could not conceive any reason whitey(' why his Majesty's
fdralmers should net proceed to fulfil their promises of placing the
emulation of the country, particularly as regarded thw If. end 21.
own, upon such • footing, so as that every banker should, *by,
hit instance, after the first of January next, be called upon to make
deposits to meet the extent of their issues of notes of that amount.
By a reference to a Return upon the table of the House, it would
tippler that no less than 150 country banks had failed since the
veer 1816. He put it to the Right Hon. Gentleman (the Chilli-
mbar of the Exchequer) whether he would run the risk of similar
oorsequences ensuing from the longer continuance of the present
system. It was too touch to suffer the people of this country to
bare their property thus havirded, when it was in the power of his
31inisters to prevent it by the aduption of a most prac-
-060,4; and safe measure.
The petition was then brought up and read ; and on the question
dia• :t be laid on the table—

Mr. A. BAKING said if the issue of one and two pound notes
were to be continued, he should agree with the lion. Member
I Mr. Hume) that the House ought to matte sonic provision for
tie more espy means of compelling payment of them. But as
Os House had come to a resolution to throw out of circulation
the small notes, he thought there was no necessity for making
any alteration in the law on the subject.
Sir F. Iif'KI►ETT, in a very low tone of voice, expressed his
doubts whether the country was aware of the difficulties that would
arced a too sadden return to a metallic currency. The subject
required a great deal of consideration ; fur his own pelt, he did
man know whether It was at all wise at expedient to return alto.
gather :n a metallic currency. H. was of opinion that the petitioner,
an.l dame who were so desirous to resort to that system, bad
au aufbriently reflected on the subject ; it would in the greatest
degree affect the country, from the h4diest to the lowest Individual
is it. He was very strongly inclined to oppose the petition being
received.

..—...-.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER had stated,
when he introduced his Bill, that he did not conceive It poesible. in
any state or the currency, to provide for every improbable difficult) '
that the ingenuity of man might suggest. In the cage alluded to,'
the petitioner steted that he suffered no inconvenience from Ow
ceeduet of the Bank. In the first place he got Bank of England
Dotes for the country notes. and 21 hours afterwards the banker
actually sent him sovereigns. hut which he thought proper to dc.
dine receiving. Ile (the Chancellor of the Eschequer) could nnt
onviceive any possible process which that House could establish
Vast could be 60 expedithitis as to compel payment within 24 hours
atter the refusal had been made. In the particular case the
peti:ioner evidently hail no desire foe sovereigns, because the
neat day he refused to take them when sent to him. It was quite
Impossible that any practical measure could be adopted by Per.
Lenient to meet every Instance like this. The petitioner had car.
'Airily not suffered any harm by the sffusal; and he (the Chan.
osilor of the EKchequer) had great objection to give that summary
wet of protection asked fir in comes of this kind.
dlr. W. S3IITII said this petitioner had obtained the whole
object lie had in view, which was, to nava the opportunity of pre-
wonting a petition to this House. As be I suffered no inconve-
Meta from the ciecumstatices stated to • petition, lie (Mr.
limith) thought it afforded no ground for an patliamentary mea.
wili
sure to be founded upon.
Mr. CALCRA FT made a few observations on the necessity of
14 icisters upholding the credit of the paper currency, without
which it vas quite impossible to have an adequate supply of cir.
oeletion in the country.
After A few words from Mr. HU3IE,
The petition was ordered to be printed.
• CURRENCY OF IsCOTLAND. . .

.....
Mr. HUME presented II petition front the ir.corporated trades
of "Totland, praying that the currency of that country should not
Le altered. .

.....
/Hr. II EATHCOTE WWI of opinion that gre... injury was
done by the constant di.cussion of this subject; it hot only the
atect of exciting more agitation.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
REVISION OF THE CORN LAWS.

Mr. HUME next presented a pet ion from certain weavers in
`fseorlsnd, praying for a revision of the Corn Laws. The Honour_
ale Member said that the corn duty was a brea.l tax in every sense
se the word, and notwithstanding all the theories which were
a'o:tiad on the subject, he could never he persuaded that cheap
!weal was nix a blessing to the working clashes.
Mr. BEN r.T T (Wiltshire) said it never, should be forgotten
eta: it was the Corn Laws which enabled the limit-holder to {_ay
tie present heavy taxes for the support of the state. It was these
lsws which enabled him to pay the poor rates, the church rate. the
county rate, and the other heavy imposts to whichl the country was
sisbjected. In his opinion, if the country got rid of me Corn Laws,
trey should also get rid of the national debt, the poor rates, the
enur.ty rates, and the various other burthens which now pressed so
Ist:astir.
. . . .

Thipetirinn was ordered to be printed.
Sir It. WILSON twee to present a petition from the boot and
shoe-makers, praying fur a revision or the Corn Laws. The Hon.
Member commenced by disclaiming any intention of uttering Sony
Moog diorespeettal of the landlords of England, whom he he.
Feted to be a most benevolent body of men. but like all other
Xibutscs, when their immediate interests were affected, they were
pectll63rly sensitive. The landlords were impressed with nu idea
test touching the Corn Laws would be like opening Pandoriet box,
and would let loose all kinds of calamities upotf the country. In
this vier he differed, and when he observed that notwithstanding
the repeal of duties and of taxes to a large amount, things were
not improving in proportion ; and also observed that the wages of
labour was reduced from 20s. to ss. a week. and in some cases were
less. 'lnlet bread was in the country 2d. • lb. and in town 211. lb.
he thought it was time to make some change in the system. The
rime principles should be applied to tin corn growers as to the
traders and menufactitrera. Ills wish wan that the growers should
Om a fair remuneration, at the same time that the labourer should
be insured a sufficient subsistence. Those who voted in support
of liberal principles on the discussion relating to the silk question,
t=ees bound to the House and the country. end stood pledged to
vote far an alteration of the Corn Laws. lie did not know what
fine Ministers Intended to adoot with Teepee( to the matter, but it
wain.: induce the people to make all the sacrifices they were called
cue to make the mare readily, were they COUSCious that Government
lbeant to take this important subject into its own hands.
Mr. (7ALCRA FT said that it should never be left out of view
when d:scitostng this subject, that the traders derived their greatest
advantages front the opulence of the landed proprietors. The peti.
Cum presented by the lion. Member tot Soctluwark, Sir R. Wilson,
was from the hoot and ohnematera. Now, he believed the price of
a pair of hoots. such as were usually worn, with a pair of moderate
sours. would purchase nearly a quarter of corn. It was too hard
fir the petitioners to ask corn at a very low trice when they charge
sa high a price tier boots. Whilst on this subject lie would
observe Ilia: bread was much dearer than it ought to be consistent
with the price of corn. lie did not Aar whether this was attribut-
able to the nr the baker; butt he nssertcd it was the fact.
Ile understood his lion. Friend (Sir It. Wilson) to insinuate that
there had been no reduction in rents since the war. The fact was,
that since the war rents were reduced full :al per cent. Like his
lion. Friend he was for applying the same principles to the corn-
grovrit as to the manufacturer and trader; but he felt that at pre-
sent we could only approach the principle. 4 Itear,)
Mr. Alderman WO( tit said the petition presented by his Hon.
Friend (sir It. %Filson) was entrusted to hint, and in his absence his
11m. Friend had undertaken to present It. Tile petitioners had
nothing to do with the spurs alluded to by the lion. Member for
Warehatn, and he could assure the House that the profits of the
hont.makers were small. extremely small, when compared with the
amount of taxes and the price of cern. The lion. Member may
partbe price of a quarter of corn for a pair of harts if he purchased
them at en expensive shopkeeper's; but he could recommend him a
an expensive shop, and he believed there never was a more just
',eine!: titan that now before the House.
Sir. M. W. It litl.sy wished the ilon. Member for Southwark
wouPi let hint know who those lucky landlords were whose rents
had not been redruced since the war. (Hear, hear.) They had
fallen it least to the extent stated by the Hon. Member for Ware.
ham. and mug fall still lower if the measures recommended should
be adopted. When the Promissory Notes Bill came into opt:tenon
and a revision of *Corn Laws toolfplace, rents must inevitably
fall to a treat est if what the petitioners wished came to be
acted on, they asisliN 10 forget that their wages must be diminished,
yet this was the weloomoary consequence. In his opinion a regular
protecting price was best far the country. lie was sorry to see
Hon. Members take theme opportunities, when presenting petitions,
of throwing out a side wind insinuation whist the country gentle.
men. Such a MUM he thought was illiberal, and be hoped that
the character and consequence of an English country genuentan
would Doi suffer by such insinuation&

Colonel DAVIES eseconmended retrenchment as the best thing
for the country. When he aw country gentlememeome down to
support Ministers in every species of extravagance, he felt pleased
thud a revision of the Corn Laws was called tor, end that the Pre;
[ciliary Note Bill was to come Into operation, because he believed
thou measures would open the eyes of the country gentlemen, and
prove to them bow bad a course they had taken.
An Hon. MEMBER, whose name we did not learn, and who
was indistinctly heard In the gallery. argued upon the propriety of
reducing the protecting duties, and reinuneraUng the Lnded pro.
ptietors.
Sir E. KNATCH.BULL said it was stated by the Hon. Mem-
ber foe Wareham (Mr. Calcraft) that the average price of corn was
Ow a quarter. This statemeet was incorrect. the average price
was only Wis., which was • material fact for the country to he in
pneireesion of. Ile did not perceive that an alteratiom of the Corn
Laws could produce any of those advantages which some persons
argued would result from it. Something like a cestainty as to the
average would be most useful, as it was well known lino much
the averages had varied within the last seven years. Ile believed
what had been said as to the unreasonable difference between
the price of corn and that of bread was true. A very email part of
the price of the quartern loaf catne into the packet of the land-
lord, probably not more than one penny in the price of the
quartette.
Mr.V. WILSON did not mean to calumniate the landlords;
I but when they were for applying free and liberal principles to
trade and commerce, he hoped they would be consistent. and not
evade the application of thoimprinciples to what immediately con-
cerned their own Interest.
Sir F. IWRI)ETT differed with those gentlemen who depre.
ruled discussion on this subject, unless it was introduced in a
formal shape. When it estpe In such a shape, Honourable Mem.
hers echo were very capable of affording impertent informatidn ab-
stained from doing so, because they felt it Irksome to enter upon
a formal discussion. Strong prejudices prevailed upon this sub-
ject. Tee distreases throughout the country were attsibuted to the
corn laws, whilst those distresses depended upon principles alto-
gether different. The practice of calling out for low bread, though
very natural, was a very great delusion, fur could any one Lena.
gine that prises could remain as they are it bread was a great deal
cheaper ? (Hear). The manufacturers were apt to claim com-
passion for their unfortunate workmen when discueeingihle sub.
legit. But what did the manufacturers expose on the revision of the
torn laws? Why, that corn should be lowered. This was the
'effect which the proposed measure would have upon the distressed
manufacturers. Tite statements made on this subject were all
fqunded upon most delusive pi inciples. at the sane time that every
one must lament a state of things prevailing in any past of the
kingdom, in which • man could not maintain lams& by ho.
nest industry. It would be of course the wish of every
ore that die labourer could afford to have • fowl in his
pot every day of the week, but still the principle from
which Improvement was expected 11,714, he repeated, not only
delusive but mist hierous The effect of this was, that a spirit of
animosity sae re cited between the coutdry gentlemen and the ma.
nutaclunng and trailing interest*. Now, in Ids opinion, it was a
monstrous ab.nrdity to suppose that the manufacturersand mar.
chants could flourish if the landed interest was poor. Ile hoped,
until the qaestien came fairly under discussion, every means would
be avoided of tementing jealousy between the country gentlemen and
the trading interests. Although he had the happiness to be one of
the former body, he could say, lie thought impartially, that there
was not in Europe, nor in the whole world, nut excepting America,
a country in which the landed gentry discharged all the duties con.
sietene with their station in • more exemplary manner titan in
England. When the question of the Corn saws came forward lie
world maintain the principles of free trade, not to depress the
landed interest; quite the contrary, he would uphold that interest if
neeessary, but he thought the landed interest was mistaken on this
paint. His regret was, that most of those members of the Ministry
who were holding lip the country to the light of the age, were not
enabled to carry their own principles to the full length. He hoped
to see free principles toed upon with regard to all trades, but when
the trading interests called upon the country gentlemen not to op.
pose the introduction of a tree principle of trade, they should not
overwhelm Ministers with complaints of their distress, when liberal
principles were applied to their own trades. For instance, on the
question connected with the silk trade, which gave rise to so Import.
ant discussion not long since, it appeared that the silk mantic-
tomrs were not satisfied with a protecting duty of 30 per sect. ;
they wanted • prohibition. The Right Hos. Gentleman opposite
( Mr. Iluskissoni demonstrated that giving them more would, in
tact, be giving them less ; that a protecting duty was better for the
manufacturers than • prohibition, because in the event of a probi.
bltion smugglers would step in, and other circumstances concur to
injure the fair trader. But the Right Honourable Geriftemen
failed to prove that either prohibition or protection was good for
the country, or that it was maintaining the silk trade on
free principles'. For what was the effect of a protecting duty ?
Only to direct capital from • more profitable manufacture to a less
profitable one. Ile (Sir F. Burdett) was an advocate for all the
principles of free trade, because lie thought we should be la more
danger by departing tram those principles than by following them.
This proposition was not now disputed by any rational man. As
in the Corn Laws, he advocated the principle of free trade as ap...
plicable to that questions because he believed the apprehensions of
the landed interest were most groundku.
. After a few words from Mr. C. WILSON, the petition was
brought tin and read.
On moving that it be printed, Sir R. ‘S'ILSON said he rose to
eatplain, not to apologize. He had made no attack upon the country
gentlemen, lie had dealt Out no insinuations against them. Hs
had only observed that they were peculiarly sensitive about their
own interests, a remark of which the House might judge of the
correctness. In some parts of the country he understood wages
were so low as 3.. a week. Now, if bread was lower in those parts
of the country, it could scarcely be alleged that wages could fall ;
he thought that impossible. The manufacturer held, that if his
workmen had cheaper bread, he could afford to sell his manufac.
tured goods cheaper, by which means he could meet the foreign
manufacturer, ant' dispose of larger quantities than he was at pre-
sent enabled to do. The corn grower and die shoemaker, or other
tradesmen, differed in this, that a man may go to a cheap shoe.
maker it' he could not atihrd to deal with an expenalve one ; but
' the corn dealer a as a monopolist.
The petition, was then ordered to be printed.
A new writ was nestled for electing a 3lember for the Borough of
Horsham, in the room of Sir J. Aubrey, deceased.
ABOLITION OF SLIVERY'.

Mr. ABERCROM BY presented a petition from the town of
Voughal (C. Cork) praying; for an arnelioratio i of the condition of
the slave population in the West Indies. The lion. Member, at
the same time, gave notice that he would present a petiti.m to.
morrow (this day) in reference to a most oppressive and improper
prectice pursued by the Bank of England.
Mr. tAINNINti presented • petition ham certain towns in
Scot and, praying fur the abuhuun ut Siovery.—Ordered to be
printed.
• ORF.ENIVICII HOSPITAL.

Sir M. W. RIDLEY gave notice that on to-morrow (this day)
week be would more for a returu of the expenses of Dreenwich
Hospital.

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.

Mr. W. SMITH presented petitions, praying for the abolition
of slavery in the West India Colonies, from Walthamstow, and
other towns in the county of Essex, and fro ti Peckham, Surrey.
comfirrEE OF SUPPLY.

On the motion or the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER,
the !louse resolved knit . into a.l:uniniittee of Supply.

ARMY ESTIMATE:3.
Lord PALMERSTON then rose for the purpose of mowing the
remainder of the Army Estimates. The first estimate was
2:l.Kiat, for the maintenance of four troops of dmgoons and twenty
on:mantes of toot, stationed In Great Britain, fur the purpose of
recruiting the corps employed in the territorial possessions of the
East India Company—Agreed to.
ROYAL MILITARY COLLEGE.

On the motinn that the sum ofl3,liil:l;Oagreed to for the
msintenance of the Royal Military College,
Mr. HUME asked whether the young men who were educated
at the College were provided with commissions in the service.
Lord PALMERSTON said that within tht last two years 113
of the students of the College had obtained commissions. Of those
forty-six had obtained them by purchase and sixty-seven without
plaCiowe. . .

Alt. IiC3IE contended that there WAS,3IO neerosity to pay_tbe
enormous NUM of Ii,IAIII. for the management of a few buys. What
necessity was there to have so large an establishment for such a
purpose. There was a Governur, a Lieutenant-Governor, a Major,
three Captains, an Adjutant, Quartennastere, and other officers.
There were alto horses to be maintained. Altogether the !rum
pursued there required to be reduced, and he wished to know wbe-
'ffier any reduction had taken place.
Lord PA LM Eits'roN said that he would answer the question
in as short a corneas% as possible. If it was necessary to have an
army, it was equally necessary thst the officers of that army should
be well instructed in their profession. It was necessary, unless
they were to remain in a state of ignorance, that proper persona
should be appointed to instruct them. The whole expense of the
establishment was only Li,oool. per annum, which was an expense
of about PI/. for each student, and fur that sum a better education
was given than could be procured at any other seminary in the
kingdom. (Hear.) The educetion given at the College was in fact
of the very best description ; and icaey of those officers in the
army, who had distinguished themselves by their military talents,
had there received their education.

Alr. lIGJIE said that he entertained not the slightest doubt but
that the education was of the best description ; but what he meant
to contend was, that persons becoming candidates for office should
prepare themselves for tt at their own expense. He could not con.
ceive why the eons of gentleman should be educated at the expense
of the public. With regard to the Governor, who was paid a salary
of Lath/. per annum, he thought they might do just as well with-
out one, end to support thin opinion he requested to be informed
how many days during the past year the Governor Lad attended at
the college ?
Sir ALEX AN DER IMPF, said that he had been Governor of
the College fin many years.during which he felt the deepeatrespon.
aibility, at finding himself charged with the welfare and well being
of young men, at the most critical period of their lives—the pert
when they were passing from their boyish years Into a state of man.
hood. So deep was the impression upon his mind of the magnitude
of the charge that, after an experience of five years. be requested
pertaission to retire from the situation. (Hear, hear.) He gave
up the salary of 1.3001. per annum, which the Hon. Alember for
Aberdeen seemed to think too much for the situation, and returned
to a salary of 41101. per annum. (Meer, hear, hear.) Since that
period it had been in contemplation to appoint Sir Edward Paget to
the situation ; and he (Sir A. (lope) had been desired to hold the
situation until r•n Edward should hove resigned his situation in
India', and returned to Europe, upon which he would twee more
