II

~L

refusing ti amserlis Condos* flails onikrre siren! ems-
*ions, when Iq•Mtions were prhawiell in Inns, ..oe►cs•ly
wined, red in having dissolved fsnotobsions Halls, witir-
net allowieng the Livery to address their fellow•citisene, us
well as by the disregard and contempt be has st all times
*hewn for their privileges and tipiabouni, has acted is gross
violation of their rights and his duty, and has thereby rem

dared himself unworthy of their conideuee or respect.
9. That, as frequent disputes have oecurred, respoellnc.'
the richti Mid peiviteeti of ibel;irery, it is -ad‘isalla 'fiat ■
'oinmittee 1w named to examine into the same, and to report
opinion thereon, at some (tome Common Hall. And
that 11w CUlsimittee, so appOisited, twee liberty to *mem.
nil chiriets, by.laws, papers, and recortis, connected with
ilie sishjeci—and that they be empowered, if necessary, to
employ Counsel and Solicitors In assist diem.
Resnlntimis were" received with the most
noisy demonstrations of satisfaction. At veil vio.
legit popular feeling was manifested, when mention
was made of the transactions at Manchester—sod a
loud uproar succeeded the Resolution which cen-
sured the conduct of the Lord Mayor. During the
whole of the time in which Mr. Thompson was no.
copid in resoling the Resolutions, there was a yin.
squabble between the Common Serjeasit and
Illess►s. Sheriffs Bothwell arid Parkins. The Com-
mon Sergeant declared the whole proceeding to be
i'!,•4141, aid Nil. Sheriff Ro►hwell coincided in that
oiu hile Mr. Sheriff Parkins contended that
the Livery had a tight to come to any Resolutions
they thought proper. •• You, Gentlemen of the
Law." said lie, addressing the Common Serjeuiii,
•• talk ton much ; you are all words—you would
hear down a weak man by your speeches; hot 1
:nn determined to act for myself—Ml take advice
from none of you."]
Mr. Buusreau stood forward to second the Re-
sidittions. It wa. not necessary, he said, for him
tiike up much of their time in seconding the Re-
solutions which the Assembly had, he believed,
with a great deal of difficulty, heard read
-by his worthy Friend—they were founded in
reason—they were founded in the law of the
land—they were founded in the Constitution of
the country—that law and that Constitution which
had been so basely violated by the Magistrates of
iklatichester.—(theering.)--lie congratulated the
I .ivery on the noble stand they had made this day
io defence of their rights—those rights which they
held from their ancestors, and which, he trusted,
they would hand down unimpaired to their posterity.
—(•• We trill! we will !")—I le would not trespass
liirtner on their time, but, again congratulating
ti.t.lll on the glorious meek/ of this day, he would
conclude with seconding the I.tesolutions.—( Cheer.
imp)

The Resolutions were then put, seriatim, and
carried amidst the loudest acclamations. Some go
or 30 hands were held up against them, but this
beggarly skew of opposition only created merri•
mew, principally at the expense of Mr. Robert
Smith, Mr. Williams, and Mr. Murrell, with *hose
names the Gentlemen of the Livery made very free.
One of them called out, " I suppose you know all
aldiut the Lord Mayor's plot, Mr. Smith ?—you
hive just understanding enough to assist in getting
it up!"—" Why don't you address the Livery,
exclaimed another, " instead of making
irt inviable faces, and crying ' No ?'"—.4 I can de.
de," answered Mr. R. Smith, " without speak.
u.{—ability does not consist in speaking, but act.
Mr. Sheriff ROTSWELL—" Gentlemen, I pro.
tes: against this whole proceeding as irregular."—
(if )

•
Mr. Sheriff Nineties-1' Note that, Gentlemen,
Mr, Sheriff Rothwell protests against your proceed.
lugs.''--(Hisses.)
Another dispute now took place between Mr.
Sheriff Parkins, Mr. Sheriff Rothwell, and the
Common Se►jeant. The Learned Gentleman ye.
I:emently declared that the Meeting was proceeding
i; an improper and disgraceful manner. This Mr.
Parkins denied, observing, " You, Sir. do not act
like a liberal man—you are the cause of all the die•
turbance yourself." In saying this. Mr. Parkins
placed his hand so near the Common &rimed as
greatly to hurt his dignity. and he exclaimed.
Take your hand away, Sir !" at the same time
forcing it from him. A general cry of "An as-
Sault ! an assault !" together with hisses, and ex-
c!sinatious of " Turn the Common Serjeaut down !"
f'4 towed.

Mr. PA ftstss observed, that neither the Com.
mrat Serjeant nor his friends and abettors had done
ti;eir duty properly. They had not acted like ho.
nourable uteri--(" True! true!")—the Livery
ought to have fair play, of which they had ender•
soured to deprive theni.(" But we'll toinanad
/air play.")
The Resolutions having been carried—
Mr. Patatna then addressed the Livery. He
congratulated the meeting on the result of this
day's proceedings. Had their Resolutions been of
a different mature, the Livery of London would
have become a mere non-entity—they would have
lust all that weight and consideration which they
• were entitled to, as the tint representative bull in
the eimitey.--(Cheerilig.)—He would ink Men of
fill lawns (for in this cave there should be no early).
whether the Livery of London, the greatest body
iii this kingdom, should or should not be allowed
to ettpreos their opinion on a subject which the
dation at large had felt itself haund to anittnittven
on ?—r" Certain!, we mtglir.")—The Livery had
done that which hr expected from them—they had
taught those who sought to overturn their privileges
a niost salutary lesson—a lesson which never would
be forgotten.—(ekeering.)—And, for his own
'pert, after the transactions of this day, •he believed
that there never again would be found asChief
Magistrate of London who would venture to oppose
that which was clearly the sentiment of the entire
notniii.—(Ckeerisg.)—That the sentiments of the
Livery were in unison with those of the country in
peneral. on the subject on which they had just pro.
I,Ounced their opinion, could not be doubted.—
f.' Nu ! No !")—Who, indeed, could entertain a
doubt on the queititni ?.7viti was it that did not
feel himself..llll;o6o to rescue the national chaticter
from the blot, the stain that had been cost on it
by that most atrocious proceeding ?—(" We are all
entiiinis.")—This was • (thestion that spoke to the
!moos (if all parties. lrar, whether Whig or Tory,
Moderate Reformer or radical. Reformer, no man
. could bear that the liberties of the country should
be ',laded at the beck and control of any Mogiv.
trete, or set of Megittrites.---(CAMillr4-4110
being the opinion lie hid fortiori!: IN idts hisPpy to
God it Mined by those wheat be AWN& fie

shMild obis discharge a most pleasant duty. that al
moving...a •
" That 110, Tittskf of tits Lt•dfy bey Oaf) to #6.111001,-
sae and M. ilulanttisti, the stater ma seessciri trio.
loftiest witikb have been overfills ibis gay, foe their able
sad isikiastlent toadied as Miff *mails.'

Carried with three cheers.
Ald. WAITHMAN now rtepgtert forward. He said
he bird not interrupted their proceedings. by offer-
ing litm-clf sooner to their notice, to retort. thanks
fur the honour they had done him. because it was,
he thought, of more iniportatiCe to have those pro.
ceedings regularly coi:hided in the first instance.
In stating any thing with respect to himself, he
necessarily could have' little to ray ; but he would
not do justice to its feelings, if he did not, in the
most bineere winner, congiatulate the Livery nn the
triumph they hied obtained.—(Cheering.)—He had
their success so much at heart. that. uotwithrtand.

ing the occident which, he believed, they all knew
had happened to him a few days since, he deter-
mined to attend, though at some personal 'kit.
But, if he were ►o ill as to render it necessary that
he *NAM be carried into the Court, he would have

whispered or mutant!. with his last breath, his ad-
vice to the Livery, to resist this foul and atrocious
'Mack on their rights and privileges.—(Cheering.)
—All public of were ministers—and they, the
Livery, were called to that Hill, not to be dictated
to, but to express their opiniim, and decide by
their vote. But what could be said of those Eng-
lishinen--did they, indeed, deserve to be named as
Britons—who would stop their mouth', stifle their
voice. and prevent them from expressing their senti.
metals ?-I(.lacerieg.)—Let then, look at the hypo-
crisy—at the flagrant hypocrisy—that the Lord
Mayor and his friends exhibited, when they de-
clared themselves against meetings in the streets and
fields—when they advocated the calling in soldiers
—when they occupied themselves fabricating plots !
—(" Fire ! fire !—Ahrder ! murder !")—Yes, he
repeated, they were abominable fabrications! And
yet, notwithstanding their hatred to meetings, when
the Livery were called together, the Law Officers.
the mere organs and instruments of the Livery,
who ought not to give an °pillion, except specially
demanded, stood forward and declared, " You ate
lissemhled merely for the purpose of election," and
they would dragoon you into that proceeding. The
Livery had, however, read them a lesson which would
teach them better in future. They would now be
roused • little from their slumber—and would at
length awaken—
" To guilty minds a terrible example."—(Ckeering.)
By th:•ir conduct. they had grossly insulted the
Livery. When every petty borough in the country
was petitioning against taxes on tea, on tobacco.
&c.—at such a time was it right that this great
Saslow of the City should tell the Livery they
should not meet ?—(Cheering.)—(4 Mr. William
interrupted the worthy 4/derma's. by exclaiming,
" You're a pretty Magistrate !")—He W-
)—He (Mr. .)
was store the worthy Gentleman was actuated by
the most humane motives. Seeing that he was •
little exceeding his strength, he wished. by this
interruption. to put him on his guard, lest he might
iojare himself-4 Leaghterj—and when the worthy
Gentleman came forward. he hoped he would obteisi
a patient hearing.--(" We won't hear him P')-4le
was diverted by this interruption from • more impor-
tant topic. The Court of Aldermen and the Collet
of Common Council had each their separate rights
—and God forbid that they should be altered or
abridged ! They were, however, ministers—while
the assembly *hick he addressed were the com-
monalty—sad in their hands was placed the right
of electing those ministers to their situations.—lll
that place, the Aldermen used formerly to be elect-
ed by the Livery, and afterwards by the Wards.
When the present Lord Mayor consulted the Court
of Common Council, as to the propriety of contras.
ing a Common Hall, he drew up • resolution.
which war agreed to, declaring that it would he
improper to interfere with the rights of the Livery.
If the Court of Common Council felt it im-
proper to interfere with that body, he asked,
what could equal the arrogance and presump-
tion of a few individuals who met at a tavern
in private, and there threatened—to do what ?
Why, to keep all the Livery peaceable—to pre-'
vent tumult—take care that every Liveryman
should be fairly heard—(Laughter)---and, let the
Livery mark, what a fine sample of moderation
these Gentlemen had given I—(Lasightee.)—lf those
men were susceptible of • particle of shame, in-
stead of looking that great assembly in the face,
they would " hide their diminished heads," they
would seek out some cavern dark enough to agree
with their dark deeds. Mr. Dunning, Lord Lough-
borough. when Solicitor-General, together with
several other greet men, as well as the Acts of the
Legislature--all these authorities acknowledged the
right of the Livery to meet for the redress of
grievances. But there was a greater authority (at
least in the eyes of the Lord Mayor's friends) than
all these pat together. Although the Gentleman
to whom he alluded had turned tail on his old
friends, and assisted the corrupt party on this occa-
sion, still he found, on looking over the proceed-
ings of the Livery, that, rouse years since, • *fie'
they met for the election of Lord Mayor or She•
riffs, an Address was prevented from a part of the
Livery. and, on that Address, Resolutions and •
Remonstrance were founded, which were supported
by the Gentleman he spoke of. The great name
to which lie had alluded was iso other than that of
that profouiol statesman. Mr. Samuel Dixon.
(Shames of langhter.)—He begged now to observe,
that their Law Officers attended in that Hall, as
their beadles attended out of it. In the famous
controversy with the Livery, Mr. Common Serjeant
Jefferies said, " I am to decide this question, and
not the Sheriffs," iind the Sheriffis were prosecuted
and tined. But those proceediugs were afterwards
set aside. It wits found that Common Serjeaat
Jtfferies was wrong—and so he believed was the
Common Serjeaut of the present day.—(Lough-
ter, and cries of " A vole of Ceßlife .1"
An opinion given by a Lawyer would he worth
nothing without he received a ere—used he believed
the City Counsel when consulted on the slightest
matter, even the legality of the Smithfield Meeting,
always had • consultation. But, without say sp.
plicatiou at all. and, he summed, without a foe, the
Common Sesjeant stood finwisrd and said, 44 You
must confine 'Ourselves to an election !" He feared
he had exhausted their patience mid his con
strength—he should, therefore. coachide by calling
ors the Livery to bear iii Wad the lessen they bed

this day given to thou who would usurp improper
power. nod, OA 111 ort.OOCIIIIiOOIII 10 actthey
had done (mike mem big °motion of bh. Comber
election.—..(Cheering.)
Mr. Tifollirion the, stood forward. He slid it
was not until seven o'clock lest night that he, ender.

stood the Livery had determined on this occasion to
place him in the gip. He W6l. at is -true, informed-
of the alarming consequences ; hut he was, at all
hazards, determined in face the battle, and •huuld

be be kept until that lime the next dry. he yet
would not .hrink one inch from his duty. He call-
ed upon them not to allow themselves to be made
the dopes of liypocri.y. There were two Sheriffs
elected, but one of them (Mr. Alderman Rothwell)
wee elected to counteract the measures of the other.

—[Here Mr. Rothwell seemed by signs to disclaim
the intentions ascribed to him by the sperker.]—•
Mr. Thompson proceeded—He (Mr. Rothwell),
notwithstanding his plausibility, was in his helot
hostile to their proceedings, and if it were not for
Mr. Parkins they could not carry the Resolutions
of that day.—Mr. Rothwell said, he would have
nothing to do with those proceedings, nor would
he put them. In those days, said he, it is neces-
sary to unmask hypocrisy. The Lord Mayor is no
hypocrite, but he is worse; he has traduced his
fellow-citizens—he has betrayed, shamefully be-
trayed his duty—and he has deserved and received
every mark of public odium, contempt. and ab-
horrence from his fellow-citizens.—(Clieers.)—
The last time that he hod the honour of addre.sing
them in that Hall, he said, with a melancholy
foreboding, that if a Reform did not take place. a
Revolution would. fie was but too correct—a Re-
volutiou did take place—a bloody Revolution had
already begun ; but it did not originate with the
people; the people have practised with forbearance,
even to a fault ; it is not the people that are revolt-
ing against the Government, but it is the Govern-
ment arrayed against the Constitution. There are
two parties in the country ; one consisting of Mi.
sisters and their retainers—the other, the friends of
the Constitution, nod of the rights and liberties of
the people; one party must prevail, and whatever
may be the issue, the people will have the delight-
ful recollection that they stood by their country.
At the first view, when he looked of the alarming
amount of the standing army, and the more vile
and cruel instruments. the yeomanry cavalry, he
was inclined to fear for the public liberties; but the
rising spirit of the country forbade that appreheti.
*ion; and ANA should their enemies succeed, it
would be bill for a moment ; the public Feeling, like
the fire of the volcsno, smothered for a moment,
would burst forth with greater violence. and over.
whelm in destruction all who opposed it. He recol-
lecttd.in 1793. when their enemies partially succeed.
ed, the public spirit lay dormant but to horst forth
with greater violence. Such advances had English.
men made in the knowledge that can enlighten a ens-
tiou. that he knew that if the foe succeeded, their tri-
umph would be short—the people would not endure
their slavery—they would collect their strength and
break their chains on the heads of their oppressors.
These were moments. therefore, when the enemies
of public liberty could not look for repose.—
(Cheers,)—it was said that a sisuff.box had been
lately presented to the Prince Regent, with pas.
1•1111111 haft ,Scripture written inside. One of the
Government Newspapers mentioned that his Royal
Highness looked very serious when he read those
passages. It was certainly extreordmary enough
that Scripture should make Prince. serious ; and the
Lord Mayor must see that the Bible is a very sedi-
tious hook. It is therefore to be hoped, that he
will cause those persona who compose the Bible So-
ciety to be taken up fur encouraging the dissemina.
fiat of the Scriptures. The passages he alluded to
were from the Ist and 3d chapters of Isaiah, and
were as follow ;
" Thy Princes are rebelliona, and companioas of thieves!
every one lovetb gifts, end followeth after rewards. They
judge not the fatherless, neither (loth the cause of the widow
same sato the..
se As (Sr my people, children are their oppressors, and
women role tower them.
s The Lori will enter into judgment with the ancients
of his people, mud she Princes thereof; fur ye have eaten up
the vineyard; the spoil of the poor is in your houses.
a What mess ye, that ye bent my people to pieces, sad
grind the faces of the puss' with the Lord God of Hosts."
Surely this was seditious language, and the
Loyd Mayor must act against the Bible Society.—
(A laugh.).—He would, above all things, in this
awful crisis recommend union and perseverance.
Mach had been done to put down the spirit of Eng-
lish Men, but he trusted that they would always
resist oppressions and nobly staud by their liberties
as they had done that day. He concluded by
moving the following Resolution of Thanks to
Mr. Parkins, which was pat and carried :-
14 That we insist spon and appoint Joseph Wilfred Parkins,
Eaq. tote the &Dior Sheriff to Richard Rothwell, Esq. and
that Jeseph Wilfred Perkins Req. receive our wavelets'
Thanks for his independent conduct this day."
Mr. Sheriff Pawns came forward to return
thanks. He said he would not detain them long,
as they had betimes of importance to do. He beg-
ged to return them his sincere thanks fur the honour
they bed dune him. As to the seniority and prece-
dence claimed by Mr. Rothwell, he would leave it
entitely to the consideration of the Livery whether
oruot it shall ba,—(4pplause„)
Mr. &miens then came forward. He said, the
Livery bad yet another duty to perform. It had
been lately discovered in 'ashy parts of the country r
that the Magistrates, instead of preserving the
peace, were its first breakers.-and wherever an in-
dividual was bum' courageous enough to resist
tissue shameful and arbitrary proceedings. it was the
duty of the Livery to support them. The Livery
were aware, that the Chief Magistrate of this'
city had takeu a part precisely similar to those
Magistrates whs met the execration of the country.
Not merely the Chief Magistrate, but inferior offi-
cers were found aiding and abetting in those seesaw..
He undertioad that the worthy Lord Mayor had
seisms in a tateeker of special constables to keep the
peace in the Hall, but their titbits should be di.
reeled to *ore Gentlemen Heat him, whose con.
duct was in the highest degree disorderly and im-
proper.—[Here Mr. Stevens pointed to several Geis.
deism. loaded apparently by Mi. Smith, Mr. Wil-
liston, •Msd ethers, who seemed determined to op.
poise, be the last estremity, the popular measures of
the dayij
111..'WEL1.Eafts internipted the speaker. crying
Ott, " trot Woe. tat sue coustable swiss sworn is.."
Mr. STICIIIMII proceeded—Such, Gentlneen, is

theitata of oar City, that thoifgh the Chief aegis.
haft may wear in new olficershotigh he may
give them staves, they Rift not :setate the liber-
ties of their country.... Muck 'bed t a said of the
Constitution—but Unite who talk of the Constitu-
tion forget that it consists of Ritrg, Lords. and
Commons. When the people shew a determine-
Pon to resist oppreseiert, sod boldly arraign the acts
of power, these worthies cry nit G. Treason ! Trea-
son !" but when Kings and Ministers encroach on
the public liberty,• they say it is merely-in support
of the Constitution,—&( laigh.j—Gentleinett. said
he, I shall move a vote of thanks to a man, who, on
a late fearful occasion, displayed both courage and
wisdom--who stood unmoved before the sabres of
cavalry—and who made a succes,ful stand against
the united force of Coroners, Magistratesi, and all
those minions of corruption who would trample the
people under foot—l mean Mr. Hunt.—(Loud
eleeers.)--He then proposed a Resolution of Thanks
to Mr. Hunt in the following words, which was
carried with three cheers
" That the resolute and excellent conduct of our fellow-
rititen' Henry Hunt, Esq. at the Minichelter Meeting, on
the 16th Allol,l last, together with his able and temperate
behaviour before the Magistrates of that district, entitle him
to the warm nod marked approbation of this Common Hall."

Mr. HuNT immediately steps forward, and was
very warmly received ; he met, however, with some
interruption from persons next him ; and one called
out, " Where is your wife ?"—Gentlemen, said
he. 1 shall not detain you long ; though were I to
express all the gratitude I feel I should trespass on
you at great length indeed. One of the Loyal
London 'raven' Liverymen has had the decency to
ask where my wife is ; perhaps he could not well
say at this moment where his own is—hut I will tell
him where she is not—she is not, like his wife, kept
at the public expense.—(Applause. and cries of
" Name the fellow P')—He is not worth namitig.
I will not compliment him by any observation, hut
will leave him in his proper station, that of abacus
tity and contempt. 1 am not, by any arts of his.
to be put off ml guard ; were I a man of that kind
I would not receive your thanks this day.
shall wait patiently (turning round to some per.
sons who still continued to interrupt him) until
those two or three foolish people have done
hissing. Poor fellows ! it would be a pity
to prevent them front hissing, for they can do no-
thing else. You know too much of me to suppose
that I can be put down by clamour. I rely on
your liberality for a full and patient hearing, not
only for myself, hut for those who would oppose me
mid you—let them address you and give them
hearing. Notwithstanding, Gentlemen. the Loyal
London Tavern Meeting% and after all the foolish
display that has been made, we find the sense of the
Livery declared against them, and the entire of the
hands and hats held up in favour of the unpopular
candidates did not amount to twelve.—(Load
ekeers.j—Gentlemen, it would be improper and
indelicate in me to address you on the Rego.
lotions which you have just curvier', because
in those Resolutions 1 am personally concerued.
and, therefore, I feel that I merely did my duty
in steppior forward to protect a fellow-citizen, and
to enforce his right to address you. It is more than
probable that I should not have addressed you this
day. were it not for a letter which I received yes-
terday, stating that it was the intention of the Lord
Mayor to interrupt the proceedings, and if any
person should presume to address you, to have
him immediately taken into custody and sent to
prison. Gentlemen' I have been recently released
from a dungeon, bat I felt it my duty to stand
here this day, and without consulting any indivi-
dual I have attended here—and you tee I have put
my night-cep in my pocket.—(Here he produced
his sigliheop.—Loud laughter and epplisuse.)—l
came here with the determination not to see any
of my fellow-citizens sent to prison without puuiog
myself in his place.—(Great appieuse.)—Bet.
Gentlemeo, we see that after the vain boast.-
ing, and empty threats of his Lordship and his
party. their triumph has ended in nothing but
Nixes, contempt, and execration.—Gentlemen,
for the honour yes have done me, I thank you. I
feel grateful, and I shall always endeavour to de.
serve your esteem by the strict and honest perform•
once of my duty. 1 feel the rectitude of the course
I have taken. It has been said here this day, that
Englishmen have exercised forbearance even to •
fault—perhaps they have; but what would have
been the situation of the-poor people at Munches.
ter, if they had gone there prepared to resist? Geu.
tlensen. a person near me says that I have been
the muse of all—with all my heart. Notwith-
standing the lives that have been lost—and
no one more sincerely deplores those murders than
I do—yet perhaps we could not in those times seek
to obtain our liberty without suffering more or less.
But I never yet put any of my countrymen in a
situation where I did not place myself—l never
asked any of my countrymen to go where I was not
prepared to go with them to share alike in the dau.
ger, and the true glory of contending for the free.
&on of England. Gentlemen, you have express.
ed your opinions of the Manchester Magistrates and
their agent*. I shall state to you one Trish case of
attocity which lately came to my knowledge. A
poor industrious man of the name of Hall, and his
sou. • boy about fifteen years of age, were both
employed at a manufactory at Manchester ; a feel-
ing of literal or of curiosity led Hall to the meeting
of the 16th. He was cut down ; he received in parti-
cular one desperate wound in the skull.—[Here some
persons, un the hustings affected to laugn.]—Gesi-
tlesnen, said Mr. Hunt, I will not take notice of
these persons—l leave them to your contempt and
execration ; their hearts are barred against the
feelings 6.f humanity, and they are lost to common
shame.—(tipplowse, and cries of indiguation.)-
Gentlemeo, this poor mall remained for 17 days
speechless and insensible—he never uttered a ten-
hence ; after the end of seventeen days, he died in
the hospital ! But his name was not recorded—no
notice was taken of his death—no inquest was ever
held on his body !—his poor son amid his fellow.
labourers attended him to the grave ! It was after-
wards thought necessary to dismiss his eau front
the manufactory. His fellow.lahouren subscriber
• penny each ; they gave him Bs. 6d. mud advised
hint to walk up to Loudon, to Mr. Hunt. The
boy has arrived in town ) his affidavit of the facts
are 001111 preparing, and will probably appear
public papers tommirrow. There is arorthrer cow
of peculiar .atrocity. velsido has lately monis -
light. A boy about sutl gem of or or

haitsswfnatbheyi,le
ehpoucarvosilldrys al i
m,
esziii:kn to theeoeiisohae atiiiii!lier
ion of
his child, inquired for him at the infirmary ; Ire ws,
answered that no such person was admitted. He
went away. miserable and uncertain of the fate of
his Child—he went about making inquiries, and
was the next clay informed by several persons, that
father, almost frantic, frHanitsiceigfreenturioediuletdlo.tfoltht:heeh°:•infipsimattill.r:.w:lahuhe,d:
forced his way in; he went through the different
wards and beds, but could not find his child. He
was on thepoisit.of
he looked behind the door and saw his clothes ; said
he, although my boy is not here, I will swear these
are his coat. waistcoat, and breeches—where, where
is my child—what have you done with him? r,,,
God's sake if you regard the feelings of* fusilier's
poor brisket' heart, let me see him dead or alive !
Meier of horror.)-4ut it was in vain that •
this unhappy father made this appeal, he has
never since seen or hand of his child ! Gentlemen,
atrocities like these are every day heard of; since
the fatal and disastrous 16th of August, the sun
never rose on that part of the country without dis.
covering new instances of atrocity and of suffering,
I am convinced that you have not yet heard of half
the number of deaths, of half the number of wounds,
the cuttings, and maiming.. that have marked tile
bloody triumphs of the Manchester cavalry. Gen.
tlemen, the port I have taken was dictated alike by
duty and by feeling—in your unbought thinks E
have received the highest reward. I have always
acted at least a straight-forward part. I shall never
desert my post ; and when my time comes, whether
I fall or succeed, I am ready to stand by the
liberties of my country.—(App/arse.)
After some interval, Mr. HUNT again 'cattle for.
ward. Gentlemen, said he, I have a word today to
you : the greatest violence that has been committed
this day, has been committed by your Common
Serjeant.—(Cr ler of " True, true !")—He his lire.
sumed to interrupt a Gentleman whilst addressing
you; and he has talked of bringing him before the
Court of King's Bench. Gentlemen. though your
Common Serjeant is a Judge its the City—(A voice
in the crowd cried, "Oh ! upright Judge ."'
but in the Court of King's Bench he is merely a
junior Counsel. Gentlemen, I take the suggestion
that has been made, mid propose the thanks of the
Livery to Messrs. Pearson, Harmer, and Dennison,
for their praiseworthy exertions.
Mr. S•rxvsas seconded the motion, and the Re.
solution was put and carried.
Mr. PEAMON came forward to return thank,.
He said he would assure them that wherever hi. ser-
vices might be useful, whether in his profes-
sional character; or as a private citizen. his best
exertions would be ever devoted to the cause
of freedom. It was impossible for any man to
witness the scenes of aggnivated distress at Man-
chester ; it was impossible for any man even to
think on the lite barbarous outrages without wish-
ing to have the authors of those outrages brought
tojustice end to puuillunent. He would refrain
already
describing
loreadyacfivaio those
ietiwi bloody
th
these, amid aiidiiscenes—theyever
were
rreveuge
was a holy flame it was when excited by proceedings
so Weissman as those of the 16th of Amoy'. When
he thought of those scenes, when he recollected that
the blood of the innocent was shed—of lovely
women, and of children who smiled at the sabre
raised to spill their blood, he involuntarily est.
claimed. " How has my country fallen !—where
is that race of noble blood that once warmed
in the hearts of Englishmen !"—" Gentlemen,"
said be " before I retire, allow me to suggest
a proposition which I Wok will meet with
your approbation—it is. that an application be
made to the Common Council that part of that
purse to which you contribute be applied in
aid of the subscription for the relief of the
Manchester sufferers." After enumerating many
advances which the Common Council had made
on former occasions--one a grant of 3,0001.
to the widows and children of soldiers ; another
of 1,0001. for the relief of the Russians and
other foreigners, and 4001. for building a chapel
in Canada—he said that he had too high an opinion
of the Common Council to thiuk that they would
hesitate in complying with an application on this
subject.
The following Resolution wee then put and

carried :

• That a Petition be resented for aad es the behalf et
as. Limy to the Port sf Commis Commit, relsestisi
Ibmiraitly so gnat sash • aura ia aid agile artweriptioa far
the Mier of the amasses of assettester as is their wisdoms
shall awn pot,
Mr. Seeress diem stept forward and said, they
bed sow to proceed to the election of. Lord Mayor.
They were bound to inquire into the character, he
moat the political character of the Aldermen that
they would elect. He thought the system of rota-
tion should be abolished ; tf • fool or a knave
stood in rotation, surely they ought not to elect
him on that recount. The names of two Al.
dermen (Wood and Thorp) would be &obtained
to them, and they would only discharge their duty
by returning their names to the Board. Another
worthy and patriotic Alderman (Waithman), not
having served the office of Sheriff, was not eligi-
ble to stand for the Mayoralty. He concluded
by proposing the name of Alderman Thorp.—
A floater worthy Alderman (Wood), it was said, filled
the Chair twice, and if he Mkd it with houoor and
independence, why not return him a third time?--the
oftener such • man was returned the better for the
Livery. A system of rotation was. in fact, destruc-
tire of the principle of election. But he understood
from the Cuannou Serjeaot that Alderman Wood
could not be put in nomination. Now, the
Resolution lie held in his hand expressed the
sense of the Livery of London on that point.
sod it appeared to him that they had a right
to upeess their opinions upon it—they hada right
to reject a men of whose conduct they did not ap-
prove. If they were bound by • principle of rota•
tion, why, he would ask, did they come forward
to an election at all ?
The following Resolution was then put end or-
lied with the testiest denboostretious of joy and
triensph
" That the mien of remiss Is the diens anortl VW"
of she priaelple • free *chows
tam AWoreses i amell'•!!'
sod

woos so tie
that IVIr%
brut
si IN?!
4.

need k seiteTear7yiie;;;;;;l;;;f—i-haof free
The sad die. we do tiortefere Mare Aidesama
pTieeTkWeal eel
facie iv the Coact Aiderkeat ea it amt proper mese
tier Chef .1111ariairate."
1 uw the Comm°. Salvia? them mid, de
"se Pasersetead lat,Hoot bed rope* Old N
I to. .84elikoso Wad. Best. se 4.Pmer Poe"
est elected M tbe slice of Led awrior.
