chequer had greatly retarded its benefit& He had akiady conceded
too much. He should now at least stand firm in the maintenance
of those principles of free trade, so often pressed upon him by those
'who now found it convenient to abandon their former principles.
Mr. CA lA:RA Fr never recollected such advice given to a Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer in his existence. Did the lion. tiens recol-
lect that that measure was originally to be carried into effa in the
beginning of July ? (Hear. trom .{li. Williams) Now such evil
counsel might corrupt even the Chancellor ef the Exchequer. The
only question was, Wirtha it was not prudent and considerate to
strike some line, and to Hecate to the wishes of the silk merchants,
by fixing it at thirty yards. Ile was willing, however, to extend
the measure to forty yards.
Mr. MALL! AMs explained. With respect to the advice so
much censured by the Hon. Member for VI areham, he was not
ashamed of having given it. But, continued Mr. Williams, I
should feel very much degraded in my own estimation, if, for the
sake of a deceitful popularity, I abandoned the principles I had
long advocated, and exclaimed against the freedom of trade, when
I had supported it until some trifling interest interfered and con-
vinced me that I was in error. Then 1 should feel very much de-
graded in my own estimation ; and I do not think I would stand
much higher iu the opinion of those fur whom I consented to forego
my conviction. (Cheers.)
Mr. HUME wished to know whether any amendment was yet
proposed.
The amendment, proposed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer,
was read from the Chair—" That in whole pieces, or such as had
only been cut for exhibiting patterns thereof, the drawback should
be allowed."
Mr. BARING—I shall submit—" or in pieces of not less than
thirty yards" be added.
Mr. T. WILSON observed, that would be the better course.
It was determined that the original amendment should be first
proposed by Mr. Brogden.
The amendment of die Chancellor of the Exchequer was accord-
ingly proponed, and carried in the affirmative.
Mr. II UM E thin moved that the words. "and in pieces not
less than thirty yards, being cut," should be inserted as an
amendment.
Mr. B %RING was desirous of knowing what was meant by the
Ilon. Member for Weymouth (Mr. W. NVilliams), of making a
grand stand against the silk-mercers ? There could, he contended,
be no inconvenience in the practical effect of the proposed clause.
It was suggested too that excise-oflicers might be sent to the towns
where this silk was placed, instead of sending it to a custom-
house.
The CII:INCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that one of
the reasons fur refusing to accede to the proposed amendment,
was the difficulty of sending excise-officers into all the towns in
England where thirty yards of silk was to be discovered.
Mr. PHILLIPS supported the amendment
Mr. HART DAVIS spoke in so low a tone of voice that we
could not ascertain the nature of his observations.
Mr. R. 531 YTH said, that for peace sake he should vote for the
amendment. How was it possible to ascertain whether a piece was
cut off originally with the view of serving as a pattern or for use ?
Mr. II ERR lES replied, that, in case of any doubt on that sub-
ject, an appeal could be made to the experience of those skilled
in the matter, and there would exist no difficulty to an experienced
manufacturer of determining for what purpose the piece had under-
gone curtailment. The trouble of measuring would proveextremely
inconvenient, and in the case proposed by his Right lion. Friend
that inconvenience would be avoided.
Mr. CA LCRAFT remarked, that if the manufacturer felt the
trouble, he would not apply for a drawback.
Mr. BRIGHT contended that some fixed rule should be laid
down on this subject.
Mr. HUME observed, the messuremert would not be necessary
on the principle suggested by the lion. Gentleman (Mr. !terries),
seeing that any person skilled in the trade could determine, within
a yard or two, of the quantity con tined in a piece of fifty yards.
Mr. BUTT ERWI MTH supported the amendment.
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw.
The Committee then divided—
Fur the Amendment - 30 I Against it - 71
31ajority - 46
On our return to the gallery—
Mr. E. ELLICE was asking the Chancellor of the Exchequer
whether he intended to allow the duty to be returned on orgao-
zine dyed silk ?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that he saw
no reason why orgsnsine silk dyed should be dealt with differently
from other dyed silk.
In answer to a goes-ion from Mr. Bernal
Mr. BERRIES stated that the allowance would be made lb. for
lb. though four ounces were lost in each lb.
On the clause for allowing the importation of foreign manufac-
tured sue goods after the sth of July IPA, being read—
Mr. BARING rose to say a few parting words on the question.
fie would not afterwards trouble them during the progress of the
measure. The Connive! against the Bill had made a must satisfac-1
tory and impressive speech, though he was afraid it had not made
much impression upon the Committee. He intended on this clause
to move an amendment, with the view of substituting the period of
live years, proposed by the petitioners, before the importation of
foreign manufactured goods should be admitted. He did not
expect that this amendment would be assented to. He knew
that the cry of free trade overbore all opposition ; but while
the restrictions continued on our workmen and linen-manu-
facturers, he could not understand why an article should be
selected for this legislative experiment, which had always
confessedly been attended with more difficulties in its menu-
facture in this country than any other. It had certainly
attained a high degree of prosperity under the existing laws ; and
he would advise Milliliters to leave it in its present flourishing and
wperous state, uninjured by experiment', which, in his opinion,
ould prove unsuccensfuL The Honourable Gentleman then re-
ferred to a letter from the throwsters at Derby, expressing their dis-
sent from applying tor further time. But upon who ground was
this dissent supported ? They said they were perfectly satisfied
with the immediate remission of the duty, accompanied by east-
Rensation for their stocks, as they had no doubt, in case the expo-
'went should fait, his Majesty's Government would not perse-
vere with their plan. The Right Honourable Gentleman might
therefore expect, that as soon as the period approached when the fo-
reign competition was to commeace, the table would be covered
with petitions, representing the imminence of the danger to which
the trade was exposed ; and however firm Ministers appeared to
be now, he was inclined to suspect that some of their fortitude
would desert than under those circumstances. His opinions were
in favour of an entirely free transit trade ; and also, if it were nree-
t'cable, of a tree commerce in food (hear); and when that should be
accomplished, of an entirely free trade in manufactures. But it seemed
to him the utmost degree of folly to select this trade for the purpose
of opening a competition with France and Italy. The 'latish
manufacturer was in the first step under a great disadvantage ; thel
throwster of Italy could work cheaper by 4s. per pound. llow this
was, nobody waned to be able to state, but the fact was un-
questionable. France admitted all the organzine silk of Italy, but
in England it was to be prohibited by a high duty ; yet it was ex-
pected that we could compete with the foreign manufacturers.
There was a fashion in theories as in silks. The fashion of this
year was free trade; but at the same time the question was
touched with that degree of timidity which shewed that the
theorists were afraid of their own doctrines, at least so far as thrown
silk was concerned. The present period seemed to him either teo
early or too late. The only effect would be, that for two years and
a-half the trade would be paralyzed. With all the exertions that
had been made, not one petition had been presented in favour of
the MIL That fact was evidence of the opinion of the manu.
factcrers, who, looking forward as they did to the ruin of their
trade, would of course shrink, and reduce their business during
this interval to the lowest possible state. By prolonging the period,
the necessity of returning the duty would be avoided ; and he
was the more anxious to avoid it, as, by the last decision of the
Committee, great inequality would prevail in the mode of allowing
the drawback. When lie considered the superior machinery of the
French and Italians, he felt that great alarm might reasonably
exist as to the effect of this measure. But all opposition, be was
aware, was useless. The grand principle of free trade, and the be.
nefita of a liberal system of policy, were an answer to every objec-
tion. Again, however, and for the last time, he warned the Corn.
mittee against attempting this dangerous experiment. He would
nut trouble them to divide.
Ma H. GORDON said, everybody was for free trade in the ab-
stract, but when the principle was applied to the particular branch
in which any Hon. Member or his constituents were interested,
they were apt to fly off in a tangent, and protest against the unfair-
ness of their being selected for the experiment. (Hear, hear.) The
Hon. Member for Taunton (Mr. Baring) was an advocate for free
trade, but when the Chancellor of the Exchequer brought in a
practical measure, founded on the principles of free trade, the lion.
gentleman opposed it. In ilia (Mr. G.'s) °Onion, the Right lion.
Gentleman had gate far enough, perhaps too far, in accommodat-
ing the silk trade as to delay. The letter of the Derby thmwsters
was the beat reason wby die Right lion. Gentleman should perse-
vere.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he should
not re.diecuss tile general question. He had no disposition to enter
upon an angry controversy with the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Baring),
who, he supposed. wished the Committee to understand that he was
acting not only without the concurrence but in diametrical opposi-
tion to the feelings and judgment of the whole trade. The letter
of the thrownters at Derby, to which the Hun. Gentleman had re-
lated, had been forwarded to him (the Chancellor of the Exche-
quer) with a copy of a letter to the Committee in London ; and
though it appeared they were not absolutely free from apprehension,
yet they expressed, in the strongest terms, their readiness to snake
the trial, which of course they would not feel unless they had some Lottery Tickets, 251. 19e. 3. " That till the foregoing articles are agreed to,
fair and rational hopes of success. The Right Hon. Gentleman then
read the letter, in which the Derby thruwsiers disclaimed all con- PRICES OF FOItEIGN STOCKS ESTE it DA Y. it does not do so in the proper time, they shell leave the
section with the London association. Some few nf them,
they Austrian Scrip, 123 a Russian Bads. 941 A d occupy the point which the General-in-Chief, Citizen Jose
said, had oluubtn whether they would be capable of entering into
competition with the foreign manufactures, but they Ditto for Account 124 Russian for Acct. 9.14 fl
and willing to make the trial. They added, that they were conh-
we" all *mil Ditto paid in full, Russian Inscription Lobate, shall think proper to fix upon."
(Italian lids. 7.4 I
that, if it should prove unsuccessful, they would not be mai-Exchange per ruble This military insurrection lasted three days longer ;
dent
Reed to any theory, however excellentin itself, but which the Ditto for Ace. 811 711 1104 1 Ditto Metallic Stock (Baring) until the 27th, when the Congress having continued
Colombian linntln,B4ll3l 54 4 Ditto (Sillim's)
situation of the landed interest might render difficult of being Dn. for Ara. 644 45 3 5.4.144 Span. Cons. 11 A 204 and a number of the troops having deserted the
carried into effect with uniform success. (Hear, hear, hear.)— Ditto for Acct. 203 201 a
Danish Bonds,
It was clear that they were so far satisfied with the soundness of the Greek Scrip. 14 04 pr. Ditto 170 & 255 Ms. 24 14
leaders, the Congress had influence sufficient to
principle, that they were ready and willing to make the trial. He Ditto for Ace.
had received another letter from a body of silk manufacturers in Ditto WI do. it altogether, and cause the leaders of the revolt to he
another part of the country, in which manufactures had flourished Mexican Scrip, 63 lala II
Neapolitan Bds. 901 Ito. 5 per Cts. (11t23) 181 18 rested. One of them was shot almost immediately;
in an extraordinary degree, and in which there was, among the Do.forAc.6lal ka aid Ditto for Account 181 18
population at large, perhaps more knowledge and experience on Ditto 10Ia. se. Bonds, twenty-two handed over to be tried by Councils of
the subject of trade than in any other part of the kingdom. This Ditto for Account 904 Ditto t 1820) 214 Thus order was again restored, and, at the date of
letter, which was linen the silk manufacturers of Manchester, was to Portuguese Bonds
Ditto ncrip 3.1 4 Anglo Mex. Mines 6 54 6 pr.
United Ditto accounts from Mexico, all again was tranquil.
this effect :—" Impressed as the silk trade of this town are with the Prussian Rona, go/ A a
wisdom and promptitude of his Majesty's Government in pro. Ditto Bonds (162'2) 97
posing the reduction of the duties on silk, they feel a lively IFLe.ni.ch:a.K2c3nft.eBnou' ex' div' such as these will start up in a country only newly
Ditto for Account Do. scrip, 134 14 pr. ex. div. from foreign dominion, still partially agitat.ml by
.-
alarm,' not in consequence of the Bill before the Committee, but 11/4.,..„1„„ Ditto tor Acct. 141 I 4 pr. ex.div.
" lest the opposition his Majenty's Government may meet with
in conveying their measure,' through both the Houses of Par- 111 A I LS. of that power to maintain its ascendancy, and icial •
institutions and government as yet unsettled.
liament, should induce them to relinquish the question. The silk AaarvEn—l Lisbon, 2 Gottenburgh, I Holland, I Flanders,
manufacturers of Manchester are unanimously convinced that great' and 1 French. Due-1 tiottenburgh and 1 Haniburgh, more than any other province, has been torn

benefit would result from the measures, wad it is their earnest
' prayer, that his Majesty'a Government wall persevere in the course
they have entered on, which, when sanctioned and fixed by law, will
prove to be fraught with important advantages to the silk trade of
this country..' The marailacturers of Manchester could not be sup.
posed to be indifferent to their intemts, or incapable of taking a
sound view of them. The dissatisfaction of the silk trade was not
so generally diff AO as the House had been given to understand-
Ile admitted thst the duty on organaine silk was higher than a
strict adherence to the principle on which the grounds of reducing
the duty on raw silk re,icil. If it prevented the British manufac-
turer from being able to compete with the foreign manufacturer,
by increasing the total price of silk to tea great a height, it would
render the measiirc inoperative. The throwsters were not appre-
hensive of the consequences of the Hill ; and they had never been
protected by a monopoly. but only by a high duty, as was now
' pmprweil for the whole trade; and he trusted that the same
natural causes which had raised the throwing trade of this
country to prosperity, under the protection of that duty, would
• make the whole trade flourish under a similar set of circum.
• stance*. lie hail lately received information as to the state
I of feeling in the French silk trade, which sheered that they were
i much alarmed at what was taking place here. The people and
manufactures of France entertained the greatest apprehensions of
t the effete that would follow in all parts of the world, wherever our
manufactures would come into competition with them. (Hese,
hear.) If there was any grounds for these apprehensions, there
I could not be much for those of the English manufacturers.

Vie

KING'S THEATRE.
This Erenhap, TUESDAY, March 43, will be performed
RICCIARDI) E 7.11 K WIE.
The Noble by Slg!por
. . .

Principal Perforinert—Pdadatne l'olhean Rowan!. Signore Garda,
Curionl, Porto, Freneesoln. Madame linteuni, and Madame Vann).
Between the Acts. the Divertiseement Clizvaiereeque. entitled
IItiNNEUR AUX DAMF:S.
End of the Deere. new Planet. entitled
LE sciNI.F.:

Applieationi for Floxee and ',lngle Sohoeriptions for the &Meet to b.
made to Mr. Seguin, 105, Quo4ratat. ttegettt-atreet.

NEW ROYAL, DRURY-L.4XE.
This Eventne. TUESDAY, lilareh d 3. will be performed
Tilt: MERRY %IVES OF WINDSOR.
Fenton, Mr. Viridian:: sir John Falstaff, Mr. newton.
Miss Stephens; Mrs. Page, Misr Cohitt.
Atter which. SPANISH GALLANTS.
To conclude with
LOVE, LAW, AND PHYSIC.
To-morrow, A Grand Musical Parformance, under the direettonsf
Mr. Serbia.

lin. Ford.

THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT-GARDE.V.
This Iteenine, TUESDAY, March 23. will be performed
P'tIDE SHALL HAVE A PALL.
Count Vinton°. Dr. W. Far rent Stefano, hr. Egerton Lorenzo,
Cooper t Torrent°, hr. Jones. Vletoria. MISS Paton.
To conclude with the Bortetta of
MIDAS.
To-Morrow there will be no Performance.

Mr. BARING explained.
Mr. F. BUXTON contended that the Right Hon. Gentleman
had dwelt on general principles, without entering at all into the
question of time before the Committee. The silk trade, and espe-
daily the labouring part of it, had a right to a postponement of the
period of foreign competition. The Hon. Gentleman then adverted
to the history of the growth and restrictions of the silk trade: and
argued, that as in the only instance in which the trade had been
thrown open, the experiment was tried for only 5 yeses, the manu-
facturers were entitled, if not to the right, at least to the indulgence
of a similar period now, to prepare themselves for the great revo-
lution about to take place in their trade. lie was not absolutely
a convert to the new doctrines of political economy, by which our
ancestors were represented as ignorant of every principle of wisdom
and justice. ( Hear, hear.) Under our present laws the country had
risen to a greater pitch of prosperity than had been ever seen in
the world before. Ile complimented the Right lion. Gentleman
(the Chancellor of the Exchequer) as to the purity of the motives
that must have induced him to adopt so unpopular a mode of ap-
plying the surplus revenue. His Hon. Friend (Mr. Hume) differed
from him, as to his views of political economy, hut he was sure he
would agree with him as to the propriety of postponement, when he
learned that the manufacturers would, for an extension of three years,
abandon all the drawbacks on their stock. The country would thus
save 500,0001, and it would, during the same time, gain in duty
750,0001., making a total complete benefit of 1.250,0001. to be
gainedlby giving tiatisfact'on anti removing difficulties. (Hear, bear.)
Mr. GEORGE PHILLIPS said, that the only evidence of
superior machinery in the silk trade in France was in one
article—the loom, and it was stated by the Counsel at the bar
that already sixty of these looms had been made in England.
In passing through Coventry, he had witnessed the great chsnge
' that had taken place there, in consequence of recent arrangements
relative to the silk trade. Ile thought it necessary to complain
that the East India Company prevented merchants from sending out
confidential persons to India, on business connected with the silk
trade. It appeared to him, that while a competition with France
was likely to produce such injurious effects, it was necessary to
impose heavy ditties for the protection of one manufactures, and it
was highly important that the manufacturers should have means
given them to enable them to compete. It had been admitted that
the present looms were inferior to those of France : to enter into
competition with the prospect of success it would be necessary to
have new looms, and to make new machinery. In Lancashire he
knew that the machinery was inadequate to the supply, and that
it must remain so for • tune. Ile hoped that the Right Honourable
Gentleman would at any rate extend the tinie to • year or six
months longer.
Mr. WYNN said, that he hill made inquiry relative to the
circumstance alluded to by the Honourable Member (Mr. Phillips),
and had ascertained, that although an application was made to send
out a person as agent, by Messrs. Palmer and Co., no application
had been made to the India House to send out a clerk un business
connected with the silk trade.
Mr. HALDIMAN D observed, that the only question before the
House was, as to the lengthening or shortening the period. The
expense of bringing silk front Italy was, compared to its value, of
no consequence; but India presented greater adventages ; and he
was sure that not only a great quantity of silk would be brought
from thence, but that much manufactured silk would be sent to
Italy. It is certain that the machinery of England is not so good
as that of Italy, but this was occasioned by want of stimulus ; and
he felt assured that in • few years the English would exceed the
Italian machinery. He held a letter in his hand to show that some
parties connected with the silk trade did not wish for an extension
of time. Those persona are such as carry on the trade on com-
mission, and the letter stated that they did not concur in the prayer
for an extension of time.
Air. LITTLETON said that he had received a letter from the
silk merchants and manufacturers of Manchester, which stated
that they would not become a party in any compromise whatever.
They had no objection to the extension of five years, provided a
compensation were given them.
Mr. ELLICE wished for the extension of time to a few months
longer than that proposed by the Right Honourable Gentleman,
which could not be any great consideration to him, but would be to
many persons, because it would give them another year's trade.
He was directed by his constituents to state that they would not
become • party to the motion of the Honourable Member foe
Taunton, but would rather the plan should stand as at first, than
That the duties should be taken off by d In many brandies
of the Pa manufacture, he was convinced the English would soon
rival the French, but in some he feared we should be always be-
hind them. Ile would leave it to the Right Honourable Gentle-
man to decide, whether, as the request of the trade wan only that •
very limited time should be added to the period allowed by the
Bill, it would not be better to grant it to them.
Mr. HUME, in answer to an observation from the Honourable
Member from Taunton, said that the reason why the silk trade of
England was inferior, was the want of stimulus. He hoped the
Bill would go through the House without farther opposition.
A MEMBER under the gallery made a few observations, which
we could not hear.
Alderman THOMPSON said, that he was much mistaken if,
before July, 11e26, the English would not be able to enter success-
fully into competition.
Alderman BRIDGES observed, that the letter which had been
read from Manchester could be of no avail, because Manchester
was not a silk manufacturing town.
Mr. ELLICE said, that if the prohibition remained open until
October, 1828, it could make no great difference, and would satisfy
those who were to be considered.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER observed, that
when lie first proposed the continuation of the prohibition until
January, he was requested to let it be July, and now that he had
proposed July, 11126, the Hon. Member proposes October, and if
this were granted, no doubt July, 11127, would be asked for, and
so on. He thought, therefore, he had better let it remain as it
was.
The amendment was rejected without a division.
The House then resumed, and the report was ordered to be re-
ceived to-morrow.
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER„
the report of the Committee of Supply was then brought up, act
the resolutions agreed to.
PENITENTIARY CONVICTS BILL.
The report on the Penitentiary Convicts Bill was then brought
up, read a second time, anti ordered to be read a third time to-nice-
row (this day).
IRISH CONSTABLES ACT.
The Irish Constables Act was then read a second time, went
through a Committee, and ordered to be read a third time to-mor-
niw (this day).
CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.
The further consideration of the Cruelty to Cattle Bill was de.
trred until NVednesday next.
The other Orders of the Day were disposed of, and the House
-red at Twelve o'Clock.

•
THEATRE ROYAL, ENGLISH OPERA-HOrsE.
MR. MATFEWS AT HOME!
On THURSDAY next. March SS, 10114,
And on MONDAYS, THURSDAYS, and SATURDAYS,
with his ANNUAL LECTURE on PECULIARITIES. CHARACTER.
and MANNERS:
Founded on Observatlonsand Adventures during his late
A TRIP TO AMERICA.
In Three Parts.
PART 111.—k Monnpolylogue. called ALL WELL AT NATC ',moans.
AU the Characters the Evening's Entertainment to be represented
by Mr MATHEWS.
Doors to be opened at half-past Seven—Performance begins at EV".
Boxes, Pisces, Tickets, Private and Family boxes, to be taken,.( Mr.
Stevenson. at the Box Orßoe, Strand Entreats, hem Ten till Five.

The BRITISH PREPS commenced publtohing yesterday mornirg
at Half-past Five o'clock.

LONDON, TUESDAY, MARCH 23, 1541.

The Paris Papers of Saturday and Sunday reached es
last night. The meeting of the French Chambers is looked
to with intense interest throughout that country. The
Chamber of Deputies will be royalist almost to a man.
The Ftolle has a letter from the King to the Archbishcp
of Paris, desiring public prayers to be offered, to cause iris.
dom and moderation to direct the important deliberations of
the Chambers that are going to open. The Archbishop is
also to celebrate a solemn Mass of the Holy Ghost, at
which the French Princes, the Peers, and the Deputies, will
attend. It is not easy to calculate to what extremes a
Chamber of this character may go ; and it is more than
probable that Villele, and some of his associates, are even
now alarmed at their own creation. The speech of the
French King on the opening will say much as to the mea-
sures about to be pursued : we shall take care and give the
very earliest mention of it. The leading contents of the
Moniteur and the Etude will be found to follow. The
other Papers poises' very little interest.
[From the Monticar of Saturday, March 20.)
STOCKHOLM, I.zs. 27.
_ . . .

(From the ,',.rsburg Gazette.)
It is known from good authority that the English Ambassador
at the Court of France has made to the AI nistry of that kingdom
a communication, similar to that which has been made to the diplo.
matic body here, on the subject of the Spanish colonies. After
receiving the answers of the several Cabinets, England will form in
resolution.

MADRID, 31AlCR 9.

M. Perez Juana, re of the newly appointed member of the
criminal tribunal at 3ladrid, has just set out for Toledo, wool.
panied by a French force, with the orders of the Government st
release from the prisons of that city a great number of individuals
who have been languishing in confinement for these nine month%
without any other clime than the will of some persons, br show
authority they were taken to prison, saying they were lit'reron.
It is proper to observe, that the resolution to release these persons
was taken by the Government some months ago, but that the
caviar orders which it has sent to the Corregidor of Toledo to exe-
cute it have always been eluded, because, he said, " the life of the
prisoners would be endangered, on account of the hatred which the
people cherish of every thing that is liberaL"
In this city as well as others we begin to tech the effects of the
late decrees for the farming of the salt cod, the augmentation of
the price of tobacco and salt, &c.
The Etoile, dated Sunday, amtains a letter from his Majesty to
the Archbishop of Paris, desiring him to have public prayers read,
to implore Divine Providence to cause wisdom and moderation. to
direct the important deliberations of the Chambers that are grim;
to open; he is also to celebrate a solemn Mass of the Holy Ghost, st
which the Princes of the Royal Family, the Peer', and Deputies,
will attend.

Some new commotions have broken out on the volcanic
soil of Southern America. Mexico has been disturbed bl
military insurrection, but tranquillity has been restored
again. General Lobato, who was in command of part of
the Mexican force, and supposed to be moderate in his
principles, and firmly attached to the freedom of Mexico,
assembled in their barracks on the 23d of January, at night,
a part of his regiment, and brought over also a considerable
portion of the garrison, in number about 1,000 men, end
then issued a proclamation, removing all obedience to the
executive power, declaring that his object was to suppxt
the Congress for the removal of the executive, and that be
would not lay down his arms until that object was at-
tained, and all European Spaniards :evident in the conamy
removed from all public employments. Lobato, in his pm-
cLination, denounces " the Spaniards who are employed in
" the chief posts of the state, as exerting themselves ta es•
" tablish a new and shameful slavery." I called together,
this democrat adds, some of the meritorous officers who
serve under my command, and some private individe.
this capital, and we endeavoured to snake ourselves
heard by the Government, which plotted against
liberty, and that of my fellow-citizens. " We
" not hesitate a moment," Lobato continues
say, " about the necessity of uniting and using our
" not to threaten the national sovereignty, nor to
" our opinions, but to protect ourselves against the ,
" nations of the Ministry. Already the Government
" acquainted with our movement and its
" desires will be accomplished, and the sound
" will not disturb your repose." This movement seems t
have been altogether unprovoked, and to have originsto
in mere military turbulence—the wantonness of anne
. mercenaries, determined to use their swords in some wn,
On the 24th, the Generals and Commandants-in-Chief
the corps united at Mexico, assembled, and passed the ft);
lowing Resolutions:—
I. " That they will not lay down their aims till the Sower
Constituent Congress place the executive power in the han4o
Americans of known patriotic sentiments.
2. " That all European Spanianls in general, and an
little attached to the system of liberty, be deprived of
ploymenti till the Spanish nation desist from its hostile
against the free States of America, and recognize their
pendence.

NOTICES OF MOTIONS (THIS DAY).
Mr. Wilmot Horton—Bill to make prevision for the better con-
duct of the Fisheries os the Barks of Newfoundland, and to coo-
aolidate into one Act various Acts of Parliament now in force re.
specting the same.
Mr. Secretary Pecl--Bill to continue the Alien Act.
Mr. Bankes--Select Committee to consider of the Plan for
Building Courts of Justice.
Mr. Martin (of (ialway)—Bill to Regulate the Proceeding by
Outlawry, and subsequent proceeding by Custudiarn thereon, in
Ireland.

PRICES OF BRITISH
Bank Stock
3 per Cent Reduced,
3 per Cent. Cuss. 941
si per Cent.
4 per Cent.
New 4 per Cent. 107
bong Annuities,
1 Imperial 3 per Cents.
Bank for Account 2431
Cons. for Act. 94
India Stock

TOO% s YESTERDAY.
India Ilonds,Bl pr.
India for Account, 2118
South Sea Stock.
South Sea Old Annuities
South Sea New Annuities
Es. Rills, 1,0091. 50 40 50 pr.
Ditto, 5001. 51 49 pr.
Ditto, Small, 32 49 pr.
Indorsed ditto

een restortu
td of part of
Berate in his
n of Mexico,
try, at night,
considerable
00 men, and
dicnce to the
RS to support
and that be
bject was at-
n the country
), in his pm-
employed is
oselves to 0'
lied togethrt,
officers who
ndi viduals ac
ourselves be
against my
" We did ••
ontinues to
ng our arms;
r to manifet:
st the mach:-
overnment
origin—yoa
Ind of moot ,
Dent seems
ave originate
en of woe
in souse wa!, •
ts-in-Chief 6
sassed the fa;
1 the Sneer
in the bad.* 0
id all Arnerim
eed of their r
stile •
dee their in
to, the Ibr.
security and
ive the eapiml
tizcn Jose3ls
Fs longer;
ontinued finit
the insuqe:
tto extingla
revolt to be ;
mediately, a;
uneils of WO
date of the
canine
newly mil'
by the
m
•, and with
ttled. Melo
urn by dome
