TP,ADE.

On the order of the day for the third rea,!: ► if
the Slave Trade Abolition 13111;
Sir WILLIAM YOUNt: row, and delivered a
long speech against the Bill, itt the c..m.,e of
which he observed that there was always more dan-
ger of insurreltions from those negroes who were
born in the West Indies, than those newly imported
from the Coast of Africa. As the olacks gut in-
formed and enlightened, they always felt a disposi-
tian to become leaders in revolati Ins and reb:ll;:mc.

Mr. FRANCIS was clearly of opinion, that
when the African trade was abolished, the planters
in the West Indies, seeing no more negroes could
be imported, would endeavour to take care of
those they had ; and, of course, the condition of
the slaves must be ameliorated. It had been argued
that the Legislative Assemblies in the islands were
competent to adopt regulations on the subjed of the
Slave Trade. To shew how far this was likely to
be done, he would read an extra6l from a cor-
respondence which took place in March 1802, be-'
tween the Governor of Barhadoes and the l)uke of
Portland, in which the former, stating his having
sent a message to the Assembly of that Island, re-
comme3Jing a law for punishing the murder of a
negro with death; the punishment being then no
more than a fine of IIL The Assembly took great
offence at this message, and would not adopt it.
He wished. therefore, to know what could the House
expert from the Assemblies in the Islands ?
Mr. W. DICKENSON contended that the Par-
liammt of this country could not think of legislating
for people who lived 3000 miles off. The negroes
in the West Indies could not see the difference be.
tween abolition and emancipation. This measure
only held out a visionary benefit, which would pro-
duce real mischief. The condtk3 of France, at the
commencement of the Revolution, ought to be a
warning to this country. The French, at that time,
disseminated pamphlets and speethes on die subjeel
of liberty among the blacks, and every body knew the
consequences. It was the maxim of Robespierre,
"Perish the colonies, rather than that we should not
carryourprinciples intopradice ;" and it was a maxim
with certain enthusiasts now in this country, s. Perish
the colonies, but let our favourite scheme he carried
into execution." The Hon. Gentleman then took
notice of the manner in which sedition Lad been
propagated among the Negroes in the islands, by
means of Moravian ;•.eachcrs, sent out from this
country to convert them to Christiae::- ; but who,
more like firebrands, cast among them the most
combustible materials. Now 311 this was said to
be done with a good intent. In the same manner the
burning of heretics was said to have been a good
thing, and done with the best intention.
Mr. BARHAM said, tilat so far from the prin-
ciples of the negroes having been injured by the
missionaries, there were 10,000 converted so Chris-
tianity in the island of Barbadoes, and the conse-
quen-e was, that their manners .is,:re improvel, and
their vaNe encreased to the amount of I 01. each man
The fads stated by the Hon. Gentleman he demi,
and called on him to prove them, in order that those
firebrands of sedition, if any mach existed, might
be brought to punishment. He thought it would
be a very desirable thing to Is: ing sepoys and other
East Indian troops to defend the islands ; because
they would render it unnecessaty to send European
troops to a climate which destroyed them, and they
would establish habits of free-labour, which would
have a good effea on the negroes. He would sup-
port the present Bill, but at the sat time, lie
would maintain, that the parties injured in their
property by it, were entitled to a compensation.
For himself, as an indi-idual, he would claim no
compensation.____ _ _

hir. DICKINSON explained, and said a large
body of hforaviaos had been seat out to the Wet
Indies, and preached sedition there.
Mr. BARHANI repl.ed, that large body amount-
ed to the number of five.

Mr. PITT said, he had already given his
opinion on the subjel of compensations ; and
he would now say, as he did tkvfore, that when-
ever a fair case of injury could be made out, he
would be ready to attend to such a claim. But he
never did, nor would admit of a compensatioa on
all the unlimited claims which might be made by
pets ins, whose spetulations had fae.cd, by the aboli-
tion of the trade, who had been disappointed as to
the ships they had fitted out, or who might fancy
themselves injured in various other ways. But he
would say that should the amount of the cortir.n-
sation be ever so large, that would not deter him
from putting an end to the trade.

Mr. ROSE opposed the motion, on the ground
which has been before mentiorikJ, of this country
having encouraged the planters in the West Indie•
to purchase lands, and th they would be eniablel,
through the medium of this trade. to cultivate than,
hut that the abolition of it woidsl put it out of their
power to do so, and would he a breach of contra
and of faith with them. He allowed that the variour
discussions which had taken place on the sub.;el,
produced a good effect in the situation of the Negr.,ci
in the islan Is, and the planters had thereby !well in-
duced to .meliorate their conk!' tion. He did ro!,
however, believe the varion, .rolies which w
such constant circulation, as to the cruelties prsiaiied
in this traffic. He was afraid the Negroes were :Clive
to the question, from what be had heard of the infoi -
:nation given by Lord Balcarras, anJ that they were
very incapable of distinguishing between the state of
it, as extending to emancipation or abolition. Ile
feared that if 300 negroes were to fly from thair
masters, and get into the woods, the sslrule military
force of the island would not be able to subdue them.
It was therefore necessary the House should be cau-
tious in what they did in that respee, fur he believe d
in his conscience, that it the Aa should now pass,
there would not, in the spice of three years, be a
white person tell alive in any of the islands. he
Bill, lie said, went to elle& an imolledene abGliticn.
He wished to know what was expeCtati by the sup-
porters of it, to become of the great numbers of
negroes that would be on the coas., waiting to sup-
ply the next ships that were expected out for the
purpose of carrying on the trade :is usual. Many of
these slaves were brought by the dealers from a

great distance in the interior parts of. Africa. Did
the !ix.. Gentlemen who surpost this Bill soppn,
that the slave dealers or merchants in that men.
try would march these poor creatures back to the
different place; where they were born; or had b
brou7ht, and deliver them at-Ain to their parents or
relacive%? If that %sat not the case. he feared they
..sioul.l he inti. d.eted, as the easiest way of gettinf,ul
al them when there was no longer any marl:et a;
means of di,p,.ing of them. Hut it had been said Re
had a colony there. He had read the account 4)f Cap.
tain Holloway, who had been sent out for th-
pos.. of acquiring all the information he could no
su ijed ; and from this account it appeared, that
the only convert made by the Sierra Leona Con.
piny, was a man c died Daily Aordr. and he Li, cd
ua.kr the guns of the fart, and was a ,save n
chant ; so that the Cempany sent out to civilise the
people, have faraished slave merchants for theit
.Iwa servants. The civil expeaccs of the cohny
were 10,0001. a year, and the military 4,000:. and
the whole of the rest of the settlements togellici
that coast, were only 13,0001. annually.
Mr. PITT called the Hon. Gentleman to order.
Mr. ROSE said, that with every deference is
his Right lion. Friend, he conceived he was strialy
in order. He waited, however, for the Speaket's
judgment—(The Speaker nodded). And Mr. aft
proceeded to state, that if we abolished this trade,
it would be taken up by other naions. 1%4
himself seen letters and papers, %%WI 'hewed ths:
large offers had been made by the Spaniards to the
merchants of Liverpool, to furnish them wails'
slaves. Some of these contradts were for 15,000.
some for 8000, and other numb,r.. If the trade:'
abolished, it will be of great a !vantage to these
riders of Liverpool, for they will iben be able to
carry for the Spaniards 600 slaves in the same ship,
by which, according to our regulations, they noald
only carry 400. So much for the hum tnity of tat
measure. He deplored the question having been agi.
tated ; butas it had been so, he must givehis sentimeeu
that the abolition will be attended with great cruel-
ties and massacres, and with etf:as similar to whit
had occurred in St. Domingo. lie should therefore
oppose the Bill.
Mr. 1-1. Ti-lORNION said, the Tare Trade was
radically unjust, and eve-y Argo:lli...A in support al
it is such as goes to justify every thing that is wrong.
The plea of necessity is the tyrant's plea,. and bet
very ill placed in this business. He spoke for some
time in favour of the Bill.

Mr. W. SMITH sa.d, there did exist in the
treatment if slaves in the West Indirs, that, which
must make every friend to humanity and jusice
desirous to abolish it. He insisted that previous to
I 757 and 8:3, or to this qlsestion being agitated is
that House, it had been proved that the planters
thought the system of imp. 7tAtion was m: re profit-
aisle than breeding, and that it was generally Adel
on. Mr. Ty rwit, who had been 1‘.2 years in the
Island of Barbadoes, had in his evidence said, the
opinion was, that the pregnancy of the women was
opposite to the interest of ere ilan•.rs ; alai he
s'sewed, the: soe ansicat prrjudic.as ..f the ;lames
were strongly against tl . system lie
wished to Cod he e:.•.1,1 heir that these anticet pro.
judices no I••nger existed ; but he har o,ie cr.uld net
be otherwise than avert. from putting men into the
hands of those who, in 180,!. ed the nem.
mendation His Majosty's Ministe •. to maie.ll.
murder of those slaves a capita, off i ce. He ar.
g led at length against the impolicy of ...anger cew
t.nuing this nefarious traffic. which could not le
supported on any principlJ.of humanity or juLaice;
therefore should e • •te fur tie Bill.
Mr. ADDINs.TON gave his decided opinion
against the Bill, on the grornd, that if it was cat-
ried into etiCae, it would render the situauen of die
Negroes worse, and injure enmucarce. He was
not, he observed, an advocaae for slavery, nor
did he want to hear many of the arguments
which had been used upon die subesS it was
enough for him to know, that men were boeght and
sold, to incluse him to aced • to any measure that
might tend to their deliverance.
Mr. WILBERFORCE, in along speech, used
Isis former arguments in suppose of the Biil.
Mr. DEN spoke against the Bill.
Sir WILLIAM YOUNG and Mr. Rose eel:01;1rd.
The question being then Inudly called for, the
House. d.vided, and there appeared, fur the dent
reading 69, against it Se.
Adjourned at Hall-past Eleven o'Clock.

T 111: _BRITISH P

LON I)( IN,
THURSDAY, .Itt.s

The Defence BiII was real a thi -d time, last
night, in the Lords, and passed without a division.
The Prince of «• acs was present. S :me persors,
ignorant of the forms of the Host.:, thought Hi:
Royal : lig!iness came down as a Member; but that
could not be the case, as His Royal Highness, WC
believe, has nut t 'ken the oaths and his seat.

It will be seen in our Court news, that His lits-
J CST Y yesterday tiansaaed a contider.able vrtion
business. The ULCUSDheS report of die Cl'
Bailey convicts was laid before him; and of C.•
seventeen capitally eunviaed and reported, 4,
alone, fora (Ow ry on the Bank of Ccar as and C.
.
was ordered for execution on Wednesday. andat
was not in t c lilt of the reported convias.

The paragraph in the AI rniteur of the 15th inst.
which says—" There is no anxiety with respeit tC
the trancuilli:y of the Continent," affords a nes+
proof of the insolence and arrogance of BONAPARTE..
Phis official declaration, at the moment when R.ts-
sia is insulted, and Germany and Naples have been
invaded, manifestly implies that these powers either
want the spirit or the means to resent their ivrcngs
and to redress their grievance:. In domestic lite,
it one man assaults another, and at the same
moment boasts that the peace is not in danger.
is not this to proclaim the injured party to ill

worIJ as a eoa
tions in the;r de
page of indi%
Wlien the CORE
banded, was ag

♦aunt was acc
which she cou
charafter, sacr

herself among
perors of Russ►
contrive to smo

the meaning of

as a proud de
power of the Cc
Continental Sta
official dectarat
that his slaves a
not entertain
of Europe, it
unnecessary. '
as they are de
forming upon
sent to augmen
point ment of th
it t if they did
a short time pr
tone, and assur

corrupted cert

their real into
from the
ate French.

On Monday
nied by the f
horses .ck thro,
the other Pat
ria,res. The 1
school of that
boarding-hou-t
UST V,V7110 ti ery
ral Uf thcm—pa
On the lioyal 1
Gentlemen 101 l
Lance, and gar
Yebterday u
M/.11 STIES At
• .• s's house,
P.rr I.a I
continued for a
About o
whi...h was ;Atte!
moan, SPAISIS
RAMP. tt, Anc
AIN:BMW ; 134
LORD CH ANC!:
CiirQUIR ; .he
JUDGIR MARTI
R.PCORDiI of
Doca—P,wds,

Wl,lelp•l•cf, Dar
' Loa os--'it. !fel
ga"="m",
810.,R1 —.Drum

The IA vee
when a *abine
His MAJUST
paw neoa reee
wen ConviBs u
After the
SOM HSI T had
',and, on his I
the forces, in t
rEE: C, resigt
Mr. Daum st,
for Gr.t tin
nople.
Mr. A•.aut
leave of His
Constantin"ple
Lord
and resigned t
the Yeomen of
F.arl MACCL
ar.d rcs:

Bedchamber,

appoint his Lo
Guards, in the
• .Lord .17:HE
xi.srv's hana
Bedchamber.
At six o'clo
House for Ker
Yesterday, a
the PSISICUSES
with a visit.
ball past three
Yesterday a
East India H
PIA Y WaS SW
i!,
letve o; the C
the command
The SksPon
th.
hilted for Bun
She was or
cis
e 4 laA day 4
n'sui
th: 11
.eocre' commandAdmiral 'grt: ik'R'4lll ueliin°)rA.r tfiNc
ai:i I I
Luring, tini
Lord Hawke.bi
iVoccesra... (Al,
Monarch, Alex,
A Court of
to-dar, to recei,
Yesterday T
Chamber to be
is which be wa

world as a cowar! or a helpless slave ? That na-
tions in their dealings with each other speak the lan-
guage of individuals, we have a recent proof.---
When the CORSICAN boasted that "England, single-
handed, was unable to contend with France," the
vaunt was accepted by England as a challenge;
which she could not refuse, without forfeiting her
charatter, sacrificing her honour, and degrading
herself among the nations of Europe. The Em-
perors of Russia and G tit SI ANY, however they may
contrive to smother their resentment, cannot mistake
the meaning of this language ; they must regard it
AS a proud defiance, an insolent boast, that the
power of the CORSICAN is irresistible, and that the
Continental States exist only at his pleasure. This
official declaration of BONAPARTE spews, however,
that his slaves are of a different opinion. If they did
not entertain apprehensions for the tranquillity
of Europe, this explanation would have been
unnecessary. They must, indeed, be as stupid
as they are degraded, when they read of camps
forming upon the Rhine, of reinforcements
sent to augment the army in Hanover, and the ap-
pointment of the pacific Bee N ADOT TT to command
iii; if they did not see cause for apprehension. In
a short time probably the frfasiteur may change its
tone, and assure its readers that English gold has
corrupted certain cabinets, made them blind to
their real interests, and alienated their affeitions
from the mild, the amiable, and pacific Emperor of
:he french.

On Mondav evening, His MAJESTY, accompa-
nied by the Princess AMLLIA, took an airing on
Norse) ,ck through Harrow. Her MAJesT Y. and
the other PatonEss. a, followed in two open car-
riages. The young Gentlemen of the celebrated
school of that place came) out from the different
boarding-house:, and paid their respects to His Ma-
ran v,who %cry condescendingly conversed with seve-
ral of thcm—particularly with the Duke of Do RUT.
On the Royal Party leaving the town, the young
Gentlemea followed them for a considerable dis-
tance, and gave repeated huzzas.
Yesterday morning, about ten o'clock, Their
MAJISTIIIS the Parseturs arrived at the
• s's house, from Kew. In a short time after.
Mr. P.e.r !an audience of His 114.3./Esrv, and
continued for a considerable time.

About tw,' o'clock Hi, MAJesr" held a Lpvee,
Ithi,h was aLteniled by their L.::Lcliencies the AWL-
mica tt, SPANISH, 11PLa1 f LOVLSP,
•Lot IA h, .tU=•t tN Arnba,sadors ; Count ST A If•
HI% BRHG ; BAronl•, ...ENTHA and N 01.CICL.'
Loan CHANCCLLOc I the Cit ANLIALOR SIC LX•
.he Ott*: Sac TA IIILs;Ot 'TA I the
JUDGE MARTIAL and ADVOCAII GINLRAL the
Rt.CORDIR of LON Lon ;

Dout--P.rtl2nd, and MOlnfnle
Westm-riand, Cinvlen, Marelrsse'd,
Winch-lacr I.)arinonth and Ch

P.:11410, liawl:esburn,C.
tabliorse.,CA.C.,at`l..\.qh., nth.•„t ay.l ‘f

Birp-117. 'vhog.n, H. R. Neale, awl .tt roll.
Meow e—Drummultd, Arbuthnot, Fan liner, and G •re
The IA vee closed :tholt .t Tuner past t;r:• -,
wen a ' 'Abinet Council WAS held.

His hlis.sucry then held a Privy Coitncif for the
purprceof receiving the RICOADfIei Report cf six-
teen Cinvias under sentence of death.

After the Council had closed, Lord Cu eat Ls
SOINt.ftSIT had the honour to kiss ilk M V'S
band, on his being apos-nted joint Paymaster of
the ;,rtes, in the room of the Right lion. I no fns
rEK: c, resigned.
Mr. Dsust mono had an audieeee of I lisM A Jes r ;.,
Cyr Gr.t time since his arrival from Ginstanti-
nople.
Mr. Asso I.!stor had an audience, and took
leave of Hic M previ..: , to his going to
Conuantiniiple.
Lord A*ll had an audience r.f U, 2.l...iseiy,
and resigned 14is Gold Sick of office, u C.totain of
the Yeomen of the Guards.

Earl 11ACCLtSVIE1:1;had an audience of His Ma.
JESTT, and resigned his appointment is Lord of tt e
Bedchamber, when His Msrs:',l,,, w.ts pleased to
appoint his Lordship 'aptain tlf the Yeomen of the
GuArds, in the room of 1.-ird PELHAM.
..Lord .IHESIST 11.1.1 the honour to kiss His MA.
is sr v's hand on his being app,,inted a Lord of the
Bedchamber.

At six o'clock the Royal Fami:y left the Qacen's
House tor Kew.

Yesterday, about one o'clock, IT."? MA i"TY and
the Nose casts honoured Lady Co ..t I. 'I I L Ftycu
with A visit. and r,aurned to t!:: Queet.'s House at
half past three.
Yesterday a Court of Direstors was held at the
East India House, when Captain Joust Ilms ay
Pstt.v was swot n into the command of the Uniled
Ktntrelanto!, the room of Captain RANTER, and took
le ire 0; tile Court previous to departing for Madras
and B •ngal.
Captain \Vitt! AM A onenr.tr was sworn into
the command of the Bel a”nee, stationed for Mad..as.
The Skalon ('4- f.e, of .508 tons, was taken up for
the Company's service for four voyages, and sta-
tioGed for Boni!, iy.
She was ordered to be alluati the 7th of July,
and to sail from Gravesend the 7th of August ful-
lustieg.
The Court adjourned at six o'clock till Wednes-
day next.
The following East India ships are now under
dispatch, and are expected sho.n to sail under the
command of Sir EDWARD I'LLLEw, who succeeds
Admiral RAINIER, as l'ommandei-in•Chiel of the
lea forces in India, viz.
&long, linked Kongd,,ni—t MiA'as and B"Iii!•
Lord Hawkekbury Duke of Nl.ifit me, AL:I) and
r.r Madras.
Monarch, AlexAnder, end Sovereico—.-fo: &Nal.
A Court of Aldermen will be held at Guildhall
16-d, 0.". to receive the answer of the Shea ill Elea.
festerday THOMAS GRI PT I T Hs, Esq. Citizen and
Clothworker, paid the usual fin.: of 60)1. into the
Chamber to be excused serving the office of Sheriff,
In which be was eleded on Monday last.
II P.
