EXPOSITION

OP TOE Pt ACME! ADD DREIRIDARIOWS I/VCR LED
To TILE LISURDETIVII OP TIM CROWN Or IPAI.
•PID TUE 11114 RI EferTail DP THE curium o
Tile. PRENCII To rizaT IT tam Emmons*.
DUN PEDIO CRTALLOS. nut SFCRETARN OF
STATE ADD DISPATPIIDII TO MI EATOORic MR-
JUMP rfratroixamo Tii.

" At a period when the nation has wade and cop.
tinues to make the most heroic Mort, to shake off
the yoke of slavery attempted to be iiiiposed upon
it, it i. the duty of on good citiaena to contribute,
by every means in their power, to enlighten it with
respect to the read causes that have brought it into
its present situation. and to ke.:, up the noble spi-
rit by which it is suirnoted.

t• To make known to `.llia,, aid the whole wor si
the base meals resorted to by the Emperor ni the
French to ..e; ri the person of our King. Fr
VII. and to subjugate this great and genierou.
ra-
tion, is a duty well worthy of alto, like illyseit,
is in a condition to discharge it ; c.r-
-etarustaßce6 placed Inc in a situittis•rt t.. L sa
witness of the events which prcce :s .1 8.., caricstra,.he
of Bayonne, and in which I burr: a part. It is .4 not
in ray power to do this before. in conseineisee of
personal restraint, and from ..at haring collected
the documents necessary t-, iceredit ni state.nent.
Some are still wanting, it was illwebvtry to
born, in consequence of dangeroar Cirt issouices,
in which every thing was to be feared ; others re
disappeared through the various incidents cons v. t-
ett with that anhatipy period ; bat th~ which I
now present are sufficient to prove the atrocious vio-
lence committed errinst our beloved King Ferdi-
nand VII. and the whole nation.

" Though the conduct of Spain towards Feint
sinee the peace of Basle, a very portion
of its political history. ia dome latter hints, is inti-
mately conoodloa with the important events which
form the subject of this Exposition, it is not neces-
sary to dwell trop oa its principtl periods. It will be
aufacieat to state what die whole nation, and all Eu-
rope, knows, that the political symbols of Spain has
constantly been during this time to preserve the
friendship and the best understandisig with France,
anti to let .•tatill, at all hazards, the tuitions allisuset
concluded is 1796.

" To attain this end, there is ea sac:ilea which
Spain has not made; sod as the • of the
Prime of the Peace in the high of favour be
enjoyed with Charles IV. depended. in a great ales.
sure, upon the coutiniumce of this eyeless. it was
maintained with the greatest etinebeney sod indefa-
tigable equation. Fleets, armies, treasure, every
thing we aberifieed to Fnince; humiliations. sub-
missions, Decry thing was sattfe-ed. every thing was
done to satiafy. as far as possible, the insatiable de-
mouth of the Fr, .ich Government, bet the idea se-
ver mice occurred of preserving the nation *Oast
the mschisatious of an Ally, who was aver-sallaisg
Europe.
" The traity of Tilsit, in which the destiny of the
world weined to he decided ir. his favour, was hard-
ly concluded, when he turned his eves towards the
West, and resolved on the ruin of Portugal and
Sweet: or, whet comes to the same purpose, to
enske himself master of this vast Peninsula, with a
view of making its inhabitants as happy as tho-e of
Italy. Holland, Switzerland, and the League of the

this very time. the Ernperor was re-salving
II III! I' some desixos fatal to Spain (for
he began to disarm her), by demanding a respect-
able body of ow troops to exert their ♦alohr in re-
mote regions, and for foreign interests. This he
effected without ilithrultv, and there was nliree.l at
his disposal a c:ilhint anti picked force of 16,un0
men or all descriptions.

The enterprise of making himself master of
Spain was not so easy as Napoleon isnirgined. It
was, a!m:ve all, neressar to find out same prcie•t
br carrying into execution the daring mid gigantic
plan of toiljngiting a friendly anti allied nation,
that had made many sacrifices for France, am'
winch this rery Emperor had praised for its fidelity
wail isoblettese of character.

" Nevertheless, being 114VIIStaffIrd to act with
that disregard to delicacy in the choice of hi%
memos, which is characteristic of the man who juin-
giuto. that the ctinnti,st of the whole world, the de-
stru,...a.t of the h 44444 on species, sod the havoc of
war are to true glory. he resolved to eli-
cit.. and foment discord in the Royal Family of
',pain, through his Ambassador at this Court. •
" The latter, though perhaps not initiated in the
strand w•eret of his Master, succeeded in seducing
the Prince of Asturiaa, our prevent King and,
&Twits", aid iaigleated to him the idea of inter-
antreyiag• with a ?tine( I'o:dud to the Emperor.
The aftl.-'ion which his Ilighuesit li:mitred tinder,
roan 1 111141i1104410q1 of cirearovitances, as lamentable
a*, mirtonoto4,, and his ati,xiety to avoid another con-
nection into which it was attempted to niece him,
with a lady selected for him by hi 4 grpote.t enetfif.
land uJ tisata4cutaut alone the object of tin aversitbati-

reasons to Lichees, thot tis *athwart
fruxtrated this feigned aseepiwicy wee so
agent employed to forwari the plan which Napo-
leon had forque4.
Fortunately the Spa ll& Wiwi wae♦e Wi-
per-464d with its situation, eahertatiaalla jaist ' •
of the good disposition sad regret* st/
their Prince*/ Astoria% lied • '..illllolllllme-
wily that the *hole was a twhantsty froartteted by
the Favotirste, as absurd as it wail washiciops, to
order to remove the only obstacle which than op-
posed hit views.

" It is already k110%.11, that on the imprisonment
of the Prince of Asturias, his Royal-Father wrote to
the Emperor, i.n doubt, at the suggestion of the
Favourite. comolaiiiiiig. of the ireorinet of the Am-
bassmior Beenharnoir, to hi. clandestine communi-
eatioas with the Prince of Asturimi, and expreesiog
11;s 'tiro-1;0E1.d t ;:e Emperor had notcome to a pre-
vious utelenitantline- with His Majesty on a subject
of rich pre-eminent importance to Sovereigns
" A. the imprisonment of the Prince of Asturias,
and, above all, the most scaudalous decree felminat-
eu nest his Royal Pervon.produced anitfibect com-
pletely contrary to the expectations ortbe Favour-
ite, III: heXllll to Ire afraid, thoiiht proper to re-
eere, and to mediate a reconciliation between the
Royal Verret,' and their Son. With this view, as
is aided in the Abstract of the Escurial Cause,
circulated he tae Council in couvequeuce of ilia;
Majesty's ender. ofthe a!n April, he forged curtail;
borers, and mad: the Pnuce of Astoria, sign them
a primmer, which bring delivered into the
hands of the lloy al Parents, were suppo ed to have
softened their hearts ; and by these singular ineaus
did dins muucent l'ene obtain a nominal libeity.
"'I his was the state of affairs when a French
conrier arrived at the Royal I'alace of St. Lawrence,
with a treatYvosseluded and .16.,ied at Foutainbleau,
on the -nth of Octie..er, by Una Eugenio Isquierclo,
as PleMpotentiary of His Catholic Majesty, and
Marshal Duroc, iu the twine of the Emperor of the
French. Its contests, as well as those of the sepa-
rate Convention. constitute Kole Li, of the doco-
meets annexed to this Expoeitiou.
" It is worthy orobsei VUL.OII, that the depart:Tient
of the Miniatrv, ,t* airch I ‘vas at tip: bead, was to-
tally inesequainted with the measures taken by Dell
E. Isquierilo. at Pans, as well as with his appoi,si•
me,it, his instructions, his correspondence, and every
p..rt of his proceedings.
" The result of this treaty was to render the Em-
peror master of Portmi..i with very little expeise
to furnish him with a plausible pretext for introdu-
cing his armies into ear Peolissula, with the intent
of wolitsgatiag it at • proper opportunity, and to put
him in immediate possession of Tuscany.
" The Favourite was to have for his portion the.
Algarve, and Alantejo, in full property and sore-
. reiguty, bat the Booperor's answer to the letters of
tne Royal Father hod not yet arrived; it was com-
pletely ascertain what it would he, sod this filled
him with fear and anxiety.
" The intimate relations which the Favourite
maintained at that period with the Goad Doke
of Berg, thromeli the medium of his couldaat,
lsquierdo, tattered him to a certain degree with
the hope that every thing would h settled to his
writes, though the interposition of a few millions
might Ise necessary. But neither the Favourite nor
his confidant knew the real intentious of the person
they were treating with at Paris. In fact, the in-
stant the Emperor found that the Favourite had
committed himself. and the Royal Patents were
brotwht into diNcredit, he shewed ao dispositios to
answer His Majesty's letters, for the purpose of
keeping them in suspense, and inspiring them with
dread, in the hope that they might form the reso-
lotion of withdrawing, though at that time he bad
not completed his plan for taking an advantage of
sueli an occurrence.

" The Grand Duke wrote to the Favourite, that
he would employ every means to support him, but
that the isegociation was rendered very delicate,
owing to the extruordiaary attachment which pre-
vailed in Spain towards the Prince of Asturias, aad
the consideration due to a Princess who was cotton
to the Empress. and iu e?aasquence of the part the
Ambassador, Beauharsois, her relative, took in the
business. (I)

" Now it 'en', that the Favourite lw.gan clearly to
discover how much his credit had sunk, and he Kure
himself up for lost, in consequence of being depriv-
ed of the support of his imaginary protector, the
Emperor of the French. 'Chem were no means
now neglected by him to endeavour to iirgratiate
himself with the Grand Duke of Berg. evecy sort
of expression, tri.ri kind of deference was employed
for this psirpose; and the more effectually to avert
the impending storm, he prevailed on the Royal
Parents to write to the Emperor direct, and to re-
quest his consent to the marriage d one .r his cou-
sins to the Prince of Asturias.
Nteanwhile the Emperor of the French ap-
peared to he very such disratistied with the con-
ditct of Isquirrdo. and kept itim at distance, in or•
der to rot off 'his direct mode of cansnannicatioa,
and to make himself swore impenetrable.

(r All Ai* approve front tie correspondence of tee Tarot
rite will. the Grond whieb The latter carriad of free'
the tats of t►e Sc:rtiAry of SUit, during kie Linellerantcy

" Whileeletealeueree kept Europe 1.1 suspense
hy his josses", lie tiilan and Venice, he :litinght tits
reaantever the loam. which lie heel essttte theie
'isigetessireilirwe the 1!trl Farthest) staletrelee Flit
Map.thet he tweet kird the rillge.lllll*.
ties of rto eirestaixtesiees'airit he •
respeting leis sari the Prime or Aett;dl77wwwPaer
received sail War freer -hie Royal Highs,* (11.).
Nevertheerea His Melee! corieented elli the pre.
posed iittermarriage with a Prisvervo etf eialfasnilre
neelnaibtedly a ith an iotentien or- She
Royal Parents, whit t he era i sea4Mf.
under various pretexts, all the trainer which he had
then disairesthle. ate] was studiously p
idea that he was favoninble to the came 114
Prince of aleterlas. and thee endenvottengle cape
tiente theanned nienioa of the Spanish nation. !
" The Royal Parents, struck with the tern*
which This conduct of the Emperor naturally- in•
spired, and the Favourite lariat will sure ado.
opposed no obstacle to the eatrance of 11th
French troops into the penile's& ; no Ilte coseesers
they give the moat effecteal ceders that they should
her reeeived and treated eves on a betttr footing
than the Suelia./1 tome".
" The Emperor. under the pretest., of eonselt.
ing the wearite of these troops, ordered hit He.
neral., by strntaeen or fore., to r t privaession ef
the fortreseev of Parape'teet. fit. geteeatern,
erste and Barcelona, which alone verde ;:rrierat any
ohstacle to en invasion. They vekre art ordinier
taken he fraud and sairprise,•to theintlignatiow nod
sorrow of the whole nation, to which the French still
affected to profess 16011(14de maw, alliance.
" The Poreerior, cortreiring hineelf slreede me-
ter of all Snitio, and thinking the eme had arrieed
for accelerating; hie measures. thou_tht proper to
write • letter to the Royal Feeler, enmpleiiume an
the bitterest terms. that His Nrtirti• had not re.
mewed his appliention for en Isopered Princess for
his son the Prince of Asturias. The King erns
planed to votortrfor weineer, That he articled to his
former pmpnsal, aced wallwilling that ear marriage
slionld iininediataly take Owe..
Sooty important proceedieg was still necessary
to c trry ti:eel maturity.
project to a proper 4lettrre
stud the
,Fmeeror, tit Hag to e...t it to uritinc.
thought sac could tyntsr.^llH ?.etter in-trument thaw
Dun Eugenio keu . l• WI he had detained iu
Patio-Oa • ',tete 'of gi, and tenor, that
had been Illtirkltly untie . 'you him,fot the par-
- pose otitis wore .effectivally executing. his cominit-
store by impressing the Royal Parents and the fa-
' *write witlethe same feelings.
•••iln this state of things, the Emperor ordered
Irequierdo to repair to Silent), *hick lie accordingly
ad, i,. a very precipitate and inystenons manlier.
Accor'ing to Lis yerhsi statements, he brought
no precosal in writine with loin, nor was he to
receive ai.e, and he had orders to it.initlia only three
days.
" On his arrival. under three eirewinstauccs, at
Arai:ewes. the Favourite coodoct%.l him to the pre-
sume of the Rovul Parents, sod their etieferentev
were conducted with re much secrecy, that it was
isposible for any one to discover the object of his
minion • but soon after his deeanure from this ca-
pital, their Majesties began to shew a disposition to
abandon the metropolis and the Peninsula, and to
emigrate to Mexico.
" The recent example of the determination
taken by the Royal Family of Portugal, seemed to
have fully corresponded asth the views of the Em-
peror, and there is reason to think that His Impe-
rial Majesty promised himself a similar secrete us
Spain.

But he most have been veto ignorant of the
Spanish character to flatter himself with such ex-
pectations. Scarcely had the first reports w
+ottr
abroad of tote intention of the Royal Family to
abandon their residence, a resolution clearly indi-
cated by the many preparations which were going
on, alien discontent and fear were depicted in the
strat.lively colours in the restore.. of all the inha-
bitants of the capital, and of all JAM.* and classes
of persons. Tins alone was sufficient to induce
Their Majesties to refute the rumour, and to acute
the people that they would not abandon them.
" Nevertheless, such wns the general de.trost.
such the magnitude of the evils which must liai.•
resulted, and such and ,us loamy tite syinptoms of a
determination to emigrate, that every one was on
the alert, and all seemed to 10- imoresswil with th-
imLer.sity of in-eventing a mensiire pregnant o ith so
many mischiefs. The danger increased, :mil Ow
fear. of the public kept pac.: nitti it. The roll-
sequence was. that the• co ai ion ISMS of A rani,•-r.
on the 17th and irth of March. horst forth like a
sur-4:leis exploi : the people 'VIII?, led by at set
of instinct of self-preservatinsi. Th.. re.tet
the isuprisonmtut of the Feyourit., who, divan
the title of King. had exercised all the function. of
Royalty.
" Sanely had this terisnestimus scene tale
plate, when the•Royul Parent., finding
deprived of the support of thew Favourit, took the

(2., Compote this gatrtorti w Ms the coolest, of tee letter
(No. (, Ilio I•oretiel M sty to Klee l'er.l.oacmt.
s Welt Le aelaushtle.,ltseiog ,weerord the letter or:t•eo to
Iwo by the reined. ot Astoria', vs the worgeetioe of Xaba-•
sally Iftuillarsoie.

woespected but voluntary resolution which they had
fee same time entertained, toobtlicate their throne,
as they accordingly did, in favour of their sat liairJ
. I: ,
heir the Prince of Asturias:
" The Emperor, iguortipt of this sudden ereni,
and perhaps never supposing that the
were cis pahle of displeying such
dined Priswe Murat to adesor
wards Madrid, under the idea:
were already on the coast,- roil on ,
barktaig, and that far from meow,
obstacle on the pert of the people, jiein
would receive hint with open arms eb their deliverer
and guardian angel. !le conceived that the nation
was. to the highest degree, dimatiatieil with their,
Government, and never reflected that they were
only dissatisfied with the abuses which lied crept au-
to the administration of it.
" The instant the Coma Duke of Berg w rs ap-
pried of tile occurrent.. s at Araujut-z, he std.-Kneed
with his whale army to occupy the capital of the
kingdom ; intending, no doubt, to profit by the
occasion, and to take such steps as should be best
calcatated to realize, by any means, the plan of
ntskia4 himself muster of Spain.
" In the mean while, the 'oystering, cs'aicarity
of the Ewseror's projects. the proximity of his
troops, and the igtiorasiceiu which Ferdinand VII.
of • Enipetwes approach,

Spania
displaying , resolotioo, had or-
to advaest4ridw
titAt thettovat Fnutitiyj
the point 44.1411.
tto.-
all of ti

useasure4 tot Hp-
' to conciliate
van ;Ilea with
to th.• Throne
terms. the
Grandees of
his moue to
He al .o op-
' PaY a stouter
er Berg. W.lO hail
of 111Wrid! _ •

which •the French
was to assure

in all qua.
several night W
the imipression,
preparing apart-
the of to
emat a loat, wrote again to the
erer. *MI agsateslole it would lie to hiou to be
tientosally acquainted with Ili* Majesty, and to
'awe him, with his own bps, of his molest wishes
to strensolicii woe and mere the Ali nice which
sulosisttsl between the two Sovereigns.
" The Grunt, Duke of Berg. boil in the mean
time entered Madrid, at the bead of his troops.—
Ile vets no sootier acquainted with the start of af-
fairs. than he began to sow discord. He spoke in
a mysterious simmer of the abdication of the
Crown, executed by the Royal Father :• favour of
his son. amidst the Ultimata of Aranjoes, mn l gave
it to be understood, that until the Emperor had
acknowlettged Ferdinand VII. it was impossible for
Inin to take any step that should appear like att ac-
knowledgmeut. awl that he moat be under the no
cesiity of treabug only with the Royal Father.
" This pretest did not fail to produce the effect
which the Grand Doke intended. 'lite Royal Pa-
r •nts, the moment they were informed of tleis
csiinstatiee. *railed themselves of it to save toe Fie
yourite, who remained is confinement, atoll n whose
f tvour Prince Murat ptiotestied to take ass interest.
fur the sole purpose of flatteritig Their Majesties,
utortifyiwr Ferdinand Vii. and sowing fresh matter
of discord between the Parents mid the Son.
" In this state of things, the new Lase quads his
poLlie entry into Madrid, without any o. her punt&
than the most numerous concourse of all the in-
liabitaata of the capital and its envinnes, the
strongest exproseions of love and loyalty, mod the
applause% and acclimation. which a wow; front the
joy and eutlinshista of his subjects--a arrow truly
grand sod impels...ire, is %loco the voting hint; won
seen like a fishes in the midst of his ehildrett, en-
tenng his capital as the regenerator and guardian
angel of the Monarchy.
" Toe Duke of Berg was an eye-Athirst of this
scene ; lout far from abandoning his plan, he re-
solved to persist in it with (touter urdteir. The
experimeat upon the Roy al Parents radio:ea the
desired erect; lost whilst the beloved King, who
came to the throne ander such good nuspiees, con-
tinued to be present, it teas impossible to carry the
plan into execution. It was, therefore. necsouiry
to make every effort to remove Ferdinand VII.
from Madrid.
" To accomplish this purpose. the (lrand Duke
every moment spread reports of the errs. al of a fresh
courier, with accounts of the Emperor's departure
from Pieria, and that he taught be speedily expected
to arrive in this capital. He directed his efforts in
the first instance to induce the lasfaut Don Carlos
to set off to receive His Imperial Majesty. upon the
supposition that his Highness must meet him be-
fore he had proceeded two days upon his journey.
Has Majesty acceded to the proposal, bring influ-
enced by the purest and most betieficent intentions.
Ile had no sooner succeeded is procuring the de-
parture of the Infant, than he manifested the most
anxious desire that the King should do the was,
leaving no means untried to persuade His Mutest.•
to take this step, and assisting him that it would he
*minted by the untst happy consequences to the
King and the whole kingdom.
" At the same time that the Grand Duke of
Berg. the Ambassador. and all the other Agents of
France. went proceetlitiz sit this course, they were,
on the other side, busily employed with the Royal
Prrents to procure fro.n them a formal protest
ogainst the abdication of the Crown, which they had
thecuted spontaneously awl with the accustomed
solemnities, in favour of their son and legitimate
heir.
" His Majesty being incessantly urged to go to
meet the Emperor. painfully hesitated between the
necessity of performing an act of courtesy to his
sallv, which he was assured would he attended with
assets advantageous results, and his reluctance to
abandon his loyal and beloved people under such
critical circumstances.
" In this embarrassing situation. I can etnert,
that my constant opinion, as the King's Minister,
wits. that Thu Majesty should not lease Ins Capital
until he received certain information that the
Em-
peror was already arrived in Spas, and was ap-
proaching Madrid ; and that even then, he should
only proceed to a distance so short us not to render
it neeitsairy to sleep our night out 011ie capital.
"His Majesty for some days persistent is the re-

t solution of not qiiitting Madrid until lie receives
certain advice of the Emperor's approach; and he
wouldo ve prolpibly tined in that deteritii-
-1
ri4t45ti06441.40, I irti 4..leiri.irtits„
01,,,t,.tdtit
ky; 'thee,: . or Bea fetal .
gt.
i, woeful Savory was an uuced as EsiSay front
Ihmilisprror, and in that capacity detdanded au
audience from His Majesty, which was imisaillaillit
granted. At This audience lie proleassaLtirst 10,,
wits sent lii the Emperor merely to compliment
His Majelity, lto know whether his sentiments
with tesrect to France were conformable to those of
tWt4Kingitis father, in which sellPl! the Emperor
wriuld fonege all txtusideratioit of what had,hrip.sed,
iffridd In no• degree interfere in the internal con-
&tns of die kingdom, and would iminedimely re-
cognlzeLltis-Mtijesty as Kit* of Spina and the
In-
dies." • . *
" The iii..rst satisfactory answer was given to Ge-
neral Savory, and the conversation wits cont. ..1
in. tenor so datteriug, that nothing more could have
been desired. The audience terminated with an
assurance upon his port, thut the Emperor had al-
ready left Paris, that he was near Bayonne, and on
Isis way to Madrid.
" Scarcely had he left the Audieace Chamber,
whew he berm to make the most urgent applies-
tiotrt, to balers His Majesty to meet the Emperor,
assuring hint that this attention would be very
grotsful and thitterjug to His Imperial 'Majesty ;
amid he sesertedsio repeatedly, and in suet. positive
terms, limit the Emperor's arrival might be ex-
pecied,eastry asessent. that it was impossible not
to.pioe credit tairiamwertionin, It was in fact eery
beryl to sempace hat a,tkorod, the Envoy of an
Emperor. dsoald havecome merely for the purpose
of deception.
" The liiug at length yielded to so molly soli-
citations, awl so mosey flattering hopes and missile-
latices; and hirylove of his subjects, and ardent de-
Ore to contrib.!, to their immanent, by putting an
end to this dreadful crisis, triumphed in Ins gt [te-
rm's heart over every feeling of repugnance and ap-
prehension.
**l-,,' day appointed fur I his Majesty's departure
nrrired. General Savory, affecting the moat ZCA•
IMO and assiduous attention to Illis Majesty, soli-
Med the honour of accompanying hint on his jour-
ney, which, at the farthest, commit! only extent' to
Burgos, according to the information be had just
received of tl.t. Emperor's approach.
" During his absence, supposed to be only for a
few days, the Kitt'{ left at Madrid a Supreme Junta
of Government, consisting of the Secretaries of
State, and presided over by his uncle, the most Se-
rene Infant Don Antonio, in order that the urgent
affairs of the Government should be attended to.
' " General Savory followed him to Burgos, in a
siairate carriage ; but the Emperor not having ar-
rived there, he used every exertion to iudtiee Ili*
Majesty to continue his joutney as far as Vittoria.
Various discussions arose as to the course which

°tight to he pursued ; but artifice and perfidy con-
tended with honour, • PCPAICC, and good faith ;
awd, in so unequal a strife, the sense benevolent
hitentions which drew Ili. Majesty from hi* capital
urged him to proceed to Vittoria.
" (kneral Savory, convinced that Ili* Nlajesty
had resolved to proceed no farther, coot' 'hie
journey to Bayonne with the intention undoubtedly
of acquaiuting the Emperor with all that hail
passed, and of procuring a letter from him which
should determine the King to separate himself
from his people.
" At Vittoria IN Majesty received information
that the Einpernfarrised at Bontalcaits, and MAI on
his way to Bayonne. In consequence of this ad-
vice, the Infant Don Carlos, who had been waiting
at Tolosa, proceeded on to Bayonne, whither lie
had been invited by the Emperor, who, however,
delayed his arrival sane da}i longer.
" Nothing particular occurred at Vittoria, except
that the Supreme Junta of Government at Madrid
having written that the Grand Duke of lkrg had
imperiously demanded that the Favourite bIICIUM In
released, and placed in hi, hotels, Ills Ilaje.ty did
not think proper to comply with this demand ; And
in comnumieating this determination to the Junta
• '"---runteut, enjoined them to c es-
"as Grand r the

.4 To the coatings of this letter, which a ere nei-
ther flattering nor dreamily, General Bantry added
so many *ad such vehement protestations of the in-
terest which the Emperor took in the welCire of
Majesty, nod of Spain, that he even went SO far as
to my, • I will suffer my bead to be cut off, if
within a quarter of an hour of tour 3lajesty's ar-
rival at Bayonne, the Emperor shall Hot have re-
cognized you as King of Spain and the Indies. Tn
support his own consistency, he will probably begin
by giving you the title of ilighnews„ but in live mi-
nutes he will give yogi that of Majesty, and in three
days every thing wi:l be settled, and your Majesty
may return to Spain immediately.'
His Nbijeist), however, hesitated as to the
course which he should take ; but anxious to re-
deem the pledge which he had given, nud, above
all, to relieve his beloved subjects from the cruel
anxiety in which they were, he banished from his
heart every apprehension of danger, and slant his
ears against my counsels, and those of other per-
sons in his train, as well as to the supplications of
that loyal city, and dete ned to proceed to Bay-
onne ; his Hopi' mind being incapable of sus-
peening that a Sovereign, his Ally, should incite
him its a guest, for the purpose of making him a
prisoner, Mid of putting an end to a dynasty,
which, so far from having offended him, had given
him so ramie striking nroofs of its friendship. •
Scantly hod ills Majesty set foot on the
French territory, when he remarked that no one
came to receive him, until, at-his arrival at St. Jean
de Luz, the Mayor made his appearance, attended
40 Every Is* hews theeebr 'resew was at 1.50 k sle-
livered up to the toungii,ged •,esteil miss as escort in
dins to Upsets. This. step was witty owizie.to as order
troop tlye Jsota Of bemoaning 'Walk* totersdoss cir-
evesstasisrs astt die ireemptary meastm of Hoe Gruel
Date as is slated ague at large the Airporka to Ms
rebtleattos.

by the Municipality. The carriage stopped, an
he addressed Ills Majesty with the most lively es-
precsions of the joy lie felt at -having the honour of
lbeing the tirst to receive a King, who was the friend
land ally of Franca.
ti Shortl after,: he was met by the Deputation of
the three Grandees of Spain, who had been sent off
to meet the Emperor ; and their representation,
with respect to the intentions of the Emperor, was
not the must flattering. lie was, however, now
too near Bayonne to think of changing h.ocourse,
and he therefore continued his journ •y.
- •

44 There came out to inert the -King, the Prince
of Neufchatel and Duroc, Marshal of the Palace,
with a detachment of the Guard of Honour, which
the citizeus of Bayonne had formed to attend the
Emperor, and they invited Ibis Majesty to enter
Bayonne, where a plum had been prepared for his
residence. This residence appeared to all, and was,
in reality, but little suitable to the rank of the au-
gust guest, who was to occupy it. 'lbis remark-
able and expressive neglect formed a singular con-
trast with the studied inrigniticence which the King
had employed is iiviking the preparations at Madrid
for the reception of his ally.
4. Ills Majesty was doubting what could be the
meaning of a reception that he so little expected,
when lie was informed that the Emperor was Coin-
ing to pay leitn a visit. His Imperial Majesty
arrived, accompanied by a number of his Generals.
The King went down to the street-door to receive
him, and both Monarchs embraced each other with
every token of friendship and affection. 'clue Em-
peror staid but a abort time with Ili* Majesty, mid
they eu-.braved each ether again at parting.
44 Soon after, Ilarshal Duroc came to invite the
King to dine with his Imperial Majesty, who.e
enrnier Majestyes were coming to convey Ilis to
the Palace of Mara.': this accoodiugly took place.
The Emperor carne as far ant the couch-steps to re-
ceive His Majesty, embraced him again, and lent
him by the hand to the apartment provided fur
hen.
The King had no sooner returned to his resi-
dence, then Gen. Savary waited on His Majesty
to inform him that the Emperor had irrevocably
determines" that the Bourbon dynasty sheuld no
longer reign in Spain ; that it should be succeeded
by his ; mad therefore His Imperial Majesty requir-
ed that the King should, in his own name, opil
that of all his family, renounce the Crowe of Speili
and the Indies, in favour of the dynasty of Banew
parte.
4. It would be difficult to describe the surprise
with which the royal mind of 1-pis :Majesty was
affected, and the consternatiosewith which all those
who were nearest his persou were struck at hearing
of such a proposition. ibis Majesty was not yet re-
covered frost the fatigues of a toilsome journey.
when the same man who had made him so many
protestations of security at Madrid, and on the road,
who had drawn hint from his capital and his king-
dom to Bayonne, on pretence of udjitstiug matters
of the greatest imp ortence to both States, and of
his being recognised by his Imperial Majesty, had
the audacity to be the bearer of so scandalous a
proposal.
4. On the following day, I was sent for by the Em-
peror to his Royal Palace, where I found the
31i-
nister of Foreign Minim, 11. Chumpagny, waiting
to enter 'Too a dismission oh' the proposals verbally
stated by General Savory. I instantly complained
of the perfidy with which so important an affair was
proceeded in; representing that the King my tau-
ter eatee to Bayonne, relying on the assurances
given by Choi. Savnry. in the name of the Emperor,
and in the presenee ef the Irukes del I efantado, S.
Carlos, I). Jaen Eaeniquiz, and myself, that MS
Imperial Majesty would recognise born at the' very=
first interview between the two Sovereigns, in the
loperlid Palace of Maras ; that when His Ilajestt
expected to witness the realisation of this promised
recognition, he was surpris..l with the prepositioue
, above alludedeo ; and that His Majesty had aiitho-
riled me to protest against the violence done to his
pemon, in not permitting him to retuvp to Spain ;
and as a cutegoncal and final answer Ohre
sulicatn-
tioai of the Emperor, that the King neither would
tier could renounce his Crown in fivonr of another
dynasty, without being wanting in the duties which
lie owed to Ins subjects and to his own character ;
that be could not do so in prejudice to the Indi-
viduals of his own family, aho were culled to the
succession by the fundamental laws of the king-
dom ; and munch less could he consent to the esta-
blishment of another dynasty, which ought alone
to be called to the throne by the Spanish tuition; m
virtue of their oriemal right to elect another family,
upon the termination of the present dynasty.
" The Iliiiiuer of Foreign Affair* insisted on the
necessity of the renunciation which had heen pro-
posed, arid contended, that the abdication Wiggled by
Charles IV. at the led' of March, had not here
voluntary.
44 I expressed my serprise that the King should
be importuned to renounce his crown, at the same
moment that it was asserted that the renunciation
of his father was not has free act. I wished, how-
ever. not to be understood as entering into such it
discussion, a. I could not ocknowlvtim, the %tomtit-tit
authority in the Emperor to interne...idle with mat-
ters which were purely domestic. and perillindy
belonging to the Spanish Government;e following
in this respect the example of the Cabieet of Pans,
when it rejected, as inadmissible. the applications
of His Majesty, the Royal Father, in favour of his
ally and first cousin, the unfortunate Louis XVI.
4. Nevertheless, deeirons of giving to truth nett
innocence ptestimony which they alone had a right
to exact, I added, that three weeks before the dis.
turbaitee at Aranjuee, Charles IV. in nay presence.
and that of all the other Ministers of state, ad-
dressed Her Majesty the Queen. in these words :
"" Maria Ennis', we will retire to one of the pro-
• einem. erhre we will pram our days in tranquillity ;
and Ferdinand, who is a young man, will tale
upon himself the burden of the Government."
44 I represented to him, that, ma the 17th, teth.
and leth. no violence was done to Hie Majesty, in
Miler to extort an abdication of his Crown. either by
the pew* who had risen purely from the apprehen-
sionihat Nis Majetty was going. to remove to Seville.
and thence to America; or on-the part of his eon. the
Price! of Asturias, or any other persons; of which
fates the Ministers of the Corps Diplonstifer, as
walks all the pefleas &bent the Court, were fully
osileineorl, *Mee all of them congratulated and
complimented the sew Sovereign, with the creep-

tion of the French Ambassador, who pretended
that he had not been furn shed with the mcessary
instructions, disregarding the example of his col,
leaguer, who were as little provided with instrac.
60'1161*mm their respective courts.
concluded with proving to him that the re.
ntinciation of the Royal Father wa. only the cos.
sciluence of Ili* Majesty's predilection for the trans
reality of a private life, and his persuasion that
his constitution, enfeebled by Hite mini habitual ins
disposition, was incotopetent to support the heavy
burden of the Government.

" This irrelevant objection having been got rid
of, Mr. Gliarupegiir stated, that the. Emperor could
never be sure of Spain, In case of a new von with
the Powers of, the North, while the Spanish patron
continued, to.he governed by a dynasty, who mug
regret to we its elder branch expelled from the utu.
narchy of France.
" I answered, that in a regular system of things
such prepossessions never prevailed over the interests
of Suites, and that the political conduct of Charl.l
I V. since the treaty of Basle, afforded a recent pro..r
that Sovereigns paid little regard to family into-reg.,
when they were in opposition to the interests of
their dominions ; that the friendship between Spain
and France was founded in local and political cons

tliderations; that the topographical sititation of
two kingdoms was of itself sufficient to demonstrate
how important it was for Spain to preserve a good
understanding with France, the only State ou the
Continent of Europe with which she had direct and
very extensive fellation*, and consegtieutly, that every
reason of policy induced Spain to maintains perpe-
tual peace with France. Besides, what ground of
suspicion had the Emperor with respect to a nation,
who, to considerations of interest, add the inflexible
and religions integrity with whiels,at all periwig, ac-
cording to tie adinissioit of French writere
selves, they had preserved their federative system ?

" I added, that there were reasons no less ine
portant, why France should not endanger the con-
tinuance of that harmony which prevail.ol shift the
treaty of Baste, with equal advantage to herself and
to Spain ; *that the Spanish nation, whose genera
pity sod affection for their Sovereigns were prover-
bial, if from a principal of fidelity they had soli-
nntted to the caprices of despotism, when covered
with the veil of Mujesty, would, from the i,peratiaa
of the lame principle, display their well known
when they law their independence, and the
security of their beloved Sovereign, violated; that
if, unfortunately, Frame should commit so atrocious
all insult, that power would lose an ally, whose ar-
mies, fleet, and treasure, had in a great measure
contribnted to her tritstopho ; that Englond, whirl►
had in lain attempted to shake the good faith of the
Spanish Cabinet, for the purpose of separating her
from France, wolita avail herself of suds a colijune-
tneeto diminish the force of her enemy, and to stig-
merit her own, by pacific relations with a power
ohich she would assist with money and with her
forces by laud and sea, in the glerkins enterprise
of defending our independence, and the security of
our King and natural Lord ; that the feeble colo-
nies of France would not in that event find the
ma-
ritime forma of Slain employed in obstructing the
plans of entique.t entertained by Great Britaiu
seed that the commerce of that power must inevita.
lily come tutu competition at the Spaiiish market
with the Freacti merchandise, which is now pecu-
liarly fat oured.
11Kesirha these considerations, having *direct
relationM the interests of both States, I **Mated
on others no less cogent, and connected with the
character of the F tench Cabinet.
•• I reminded the Minister, that, on the O7th of
October lust, a treaty was signed at Fontaiolileau,
wherein the Eintieror gnarauteetl the indepeudoice
and integrity of the Sponish
.Mouarchy as it tlwe
was ; that nothing had since occurred which could
justify its infraction on the contrary, dim Spain
had colitioned to add new claims to the coufidroce
and or-altitude of the French Empire. as His ha-
perial Maje,ty himself bail confessed, by the praises
which he I),a:owed on the good faith anti constaia
frieudship of.his tunneler sell first ally.
" What coididence. I added. cum Europe place
in her treaties telth Frunce. when she look. to Inc
perfidy with which that of die o7th of Octoier h..
been violated.? And what must be her terror whims
she sees the captiowittseans, the tied Active artifices,
and the false promises, lay which Ilia Imperial Ma-
jesty has confined the King in the city of So-owe.
in order to despoil him of the CUM.* to which, eth
the inexpressible joy of his people, lie has bees
called by the fundamental laws of the knigdotn.
and the spontaneous ebdieation of his augustfather.
Posterity will ant believe that the Fatiperor mold
have give', on treat a ',low to his own reputatior,
the loss of which will leave no other means of con-
cluding; a war with him, than that of total destruc-
tion and extermination.
" This was the state of the dimension, when the
Emperor, who had overheard our conference, oi-
dered us to toter his own Cabinet, where, to mY
great surprise. I was insulted by His Imperial Ms-
jolty, with the infamous appellation of traitors
upon no other ground, than that having been Mu
mister to Charles IV. I confirmed to serve his oos
Ferdinead 'VII. Ile also accused me, in as an-
gry tone, of having maintained, in an official con-
ference with General Montion, that my Master. ;5
order to his being King of Spain. did not shoo; in
need of the recognition of the Enloe-oar, althouo
that might be necessary, in order to coutinue
lrs
relations with the French Government.
ff Ills Imperial M aty manifested still ere,iter
irritation on account of my having said to a ferrirl
Minister, accredited to the Court of Spain. that if
the French army offered any violation to the in-
tegrity and independence of the Spanish Sove-
reioty, 300,000 men would convince them that a
brave and generous nation was not to be
with impunity.
if After this ill treatment which I met with,
was as eatiafactore to my own feeling'. '
of the real moves of it. as it was painful
count of the Ihival Personage whose intenai
in question, I mpenel Mitjest , with his t
asperity, entered into a eonvervation upon the
which had already been discussed. He was
sensible of the strength of toy ~ovk and
lidity of the orguistents by which I imparivrs
ri dos of the }Ono, hssds misty. and the v b
tion : but Ills Blaiestv youclitiled by teat
" I hone T.tew yo;liey of rob new. Y.'
to dept more !irks. iris: to be le.” logic

Eiti
thno
iffit
Seis
■IY ,

b
w
~'

was of the real object of the Euipeiwei
induced the King. to adopt midi useasi
peered to His Majesty hest calculated I
the good will of the Hui peter. Not sa
hatingcniannusicated his accession to I
is the meet friesidly and alliretionate
King appointed a deputation et three
Sarno to pFOCeed to Bayonne. and in I
co:u4slisueng Nw linainhal bleje:ny. 1
pawed iirredierrasesidee of Spain to p
cossi:dinterapto the Grand Duke of Be
Orr& arrived; iss the vicinity of Ilacki
One of the contrivances which
agent immediately lied recourse to, n
the king, and to spread the rumour
lets. that His Isopenal Itlajesit)". are
expected every taioaseut. Uisder this
the neceseary orders were given fur pre{
waits in the Palseus suitable to the I
tsarist a guest; and the king wrote

or GoverumeUt, enjoinvd them to enter into no ex-
planations with the Cram! Duke, respecting the
lute of the prisoner f 1).
4t in the mean time Deneral Savory concert* t 1
with the gaper°, in *hot tnantaer they should pre-
pare to give ffse Sleighing blow; and while the Freon .11
troops in the vieinity of Vittoria were making sip.
'scions movements, he made his appearance in that
eity, with the letter No. 3, to fits Majesty from the
Emperor.

itbulted
h, shish
Hecnon
it
a at
*P AO
ht 11010
~Utin
ii the
xtal t
hole
haat
oig
/de

honour, a a Not sarrifice the rraiperity
e interest ql the lknerbon family." •
.Idajesty, distrusting the apparent eon-
which I re..teioed the g,o uUnn which,
I to ohca toe, 14.6 IWal t4killg have
to iuforin the ,
tbAt upon the
discussion. a ihOie fiexihryinegociator
wary. Whilst ; litAaj-aty wur Crow
he Aboahl e
o t, one of ;he many
,puppets who
parts in this intrigue, int:minced hint.
Anlemeott D. 311411 di! E•orOikpliZ, dial
to pay a visit to the Nlinister Chain-
avordingly went. under the impalse li
Joust regard fur the interests of His
prevailed on the Minister of the Ft,-
to communicate to him the most re-
"ositions of the Emperor, If hiCh the said
Escroiquiz immediately put into "writiag,
! of them will lie found in No. 4,
annexed doenttienta.
state of things. his 'Alajesty, impressed
'Una which adorn the most excellent
Pedro de Labrador, formerly finis-
of Florence, and lizniorary Conn-
of State, invested him with full powers And
instructions, which may lie strati in No. 4,
;him to present them to the Minister for
Adair', and to demand his full powers in
and that the proposals of Ills Imperial Ma-
should be communicated in an authentic man-
Both those demands were rejected by the
- Champ/toy. under the frivcr!ons pretest,
ere aura shatters of Arm, being teholly
teith the essehtiut object of the nevi.

..Seitmor Labrador insisted on the ilnportonee of
bath the one and the other reirtisites, especially in
a matter of such greet consequtmive, ollthilg. that
without them he could discuss on and that
the King his master required them to vary the in-
structions, if necessary, that hal been given him,
hot always in vain. Notwithstanding this, Seignor
Champagoy talked of the lust propowitions of the
Emperor, which weru somewhat differ/in from
those presented by General Santry, hat not less
irritatingand violent; end he conelniled with telling
Seignor Labrador t! :at the pmspenty of Spain and
his also were at that moment within his power.

"This Minister answered that he would commit-
cate to the King his master these new proposals.
He made those reflections upon them whh.h his ta-
lents, his zeal for the service of his Sovereign, and
for the good of his counts, naturally suggested ;
and he stated that the welfare of in: S.orereigii, and
that of the 11360,4 were insepiimbiy united. He
.&fml, that to these two ohjects he had diverted all
Ins attention in various) situations ; and, lastly, he
and that lie readily admitted that his own prosperity
depended on the issue, because his fidelity to the
King of Spain, and to his native er:untry, as welras
the reputation lie had serviired by the faithful di,.
charm. of his duty, were connected with it. Seignor.
Labrador, before he terminated the conversattc.n.
asked M. Cliainpimiiy it' the King was in a state of
hierty? To *lnch the French Nlinister replied,
that there cocid he no doubt of it. On this La-
harlot rejoined. • The* he should he restored to
his kiagduia.' To this the Freeicisman replied,
that, in respect to his return to Spain, it was ne-
cessary that Ilia Majesty should have a right nailer-
striding with His imperial 'Majesty, either person-
ally or by letter.'
"Tine answer, added to the other cireennstances,

left no 'look in the mind of the King, that he was
ideally at Bayonne in a state of arrest ; however, to
give more ostensibility to this violence extended
towards His Majesty, I sent a note ;No. 5.) !IV 6,4
Royal order, to the ‘liiiistier for Foreign Affairs,
telliag him that the King was determined to return
to Madrid, to tranquillise the egitation of his be-
loved fttlilith:t4. and to provide for the transaction of
the important business of his kingdom ; emtirillg
M. Cluinipa_:iiy at the same time, that I would con-
tinue to treat with His Imperial MajestF, ou affairs
reciprocally advantageous. No was given
to this communication, nor had it any ether effect
than to increase the caution and vigilance before
applied for the detention of His Majesty.
" Seiner Labrador was certainly note at person
for their purposes, for he was immediately got rid
sf,tiader the pretence of his .lot holding a rant car-
rifipondiug to flat of Monsieur Chainpagny, and
that his natural disposition was too inflexible.
" The tricks of diplomacy could not prevail over
the firmness of tie King, or the zeal of hive repre-
sentatives, and the individuals of his Royal [louse-
NW deliberated at • Collin :it (His Slejestv be-
ing present), upon the interests of the King and the
nation; so that the Einoeror saw himself under the
eecessity of changing his plan, in order to accom-
plish his purpose, and he wished that die Royal Pa-
rents should depart for Bayonne. iu order to make
them the instruments of the oppression and dis-
grace of their son. For this purpose he ordered the
Grand Duke of Berg to employ all his arts to acce-
lerate their journey to Bayonne.
" The Rot al Parents required, that the Favour-
ite should precede them in their journey, and tht
Grand Duke made rations applications to the Junta
of thwerninent to obtain his liberty. The Julius
bad no authority to liberate him, having in this
point been under positive restraint by Ibis Ma-
rsty's orders from Vittoria, as has been already
mentioned ; bust the Council, wide(' by the sug-
gestions of His Imperial Majesty, and intimidated
In the threat that the Grand Duke would obtain
bY irresistible force what would not he conceded as
it favour, the Junta ordered the release of Don Ma-
nuel Gedoi, who was immediately conveyed to
Barton., under an adequate escort. The decree
KO
• , in the bawl-writing of the King. is an an-
thymic pmof of the Jeteriviiiiation of Hie Majesty as

['aunts undertook their journey,
", it sfuth too much rapidity for the
►ealth of Charles IV.; but the
the Emperor had determincel that

Imperial 'Majesty undertook was a
task. It was necessary to his pur-
- sensibility of the King: to de-
for his tirst-horn. which the roost
. intrileie ever contrived, had not
iuguiahed. Further, it was neces-
loving parents, affectionate to some
should, with respect to I uu, sub-
natural tenderuess the most frigid

tivf
nod cruel indifference: ' ultil the purposes in-
tender%
.-7, --4, it cTR I • end, %tido r..4ii4„t to the,
Itasal
.F*l. ,' etusnit teconte the instruments
a misery. enzreetisou, wool impriso 1111 l vitt ; they were
to ;PINVIIIP the ja;lobroo of their ebilolrelo. Ili, power,
by tramplitt;;oner all the feelings uf nature, aceunt-
pli4hed his porimmes.
" I have proveoltioat tlqwliratiots of the Royal
Flitlier at Arotoquez was a vouteos.roiss set, soul that
the motive to it was the rirtiality .1f Ilia Majesty
towards his disanteed Favourite. In Ilavoane, he
told the liinc, has son, A.ot {se olhl out 14141 to re-

NMI to the throne of Spain; inowithstaiiiling that,
he desired ifis Majesty should renounce the Crown,.
to make a present of it to the Emperor; that ii, to
',resent it to a Sovereign, who, in part at least, has
heeo the origin of the difficulties of Spain, the only
close of the loss of our squadrons, the mover of the
disturbances at Court and in tl nation, and of the
intended journey of the lioyaWFamily to Seville,
and from thence to America, prevented Ly the ex-
plosion of the 17th of March.
" I leave to the wisdom of the Sovereigns of
Europe to judge, whether it be possible that a Mo.•
intrch, affectionate to his children. highly enlight-
ened, penetrated deeply by the principles of reli-
gion, and plous without superstition, could without
violence forgei fu: a moment all his duties to his
family, aiul proscribe liiicwhole dynasty, to call ait-
other to the throw, for wham he has no esteem,

and, on the contrary detests, us the plunderer of
those thrones which have come within the reach of
his spnlntion. If sueh 1* the rhinige, it is the most

extruorrlinury revolution thut history has presented
to the worl,i.

"Ferdinand VII. over-awed, a prisoner, and con-
trouleti by circumstances, on the I4t of May wade
a conditional renunciation of his crown. hi favour
of his ausrugt Father. (No. 7). To this followed

• ,
the letter of the Royal Father to his Son, (No. a),
and the very discreet answer of the Royal Son to the
Father, (No. 9).
*. On the sth of the same month of at four
in the afternoon, the Emperor went to visit the
Royal Parents, and continued iu emilenmee until
tire o'clock, when King Ferdinand was called in by
his angnst Father to hear, in the presence of the
Queen and the Emperor, expressions so disgusting
• t humiliating, that Ido not dare to record them.
ti,e party were seated except king Ferdinand,
nbom the Father ordered to make an absolute re-
nunciation of the Crown, niuln pain of bring
treated, with ail his hausehold, car an wormer of the
throws, and a conspirator against the life of his
parent..
llis l‘lajestx would bare pr.ifTrcil death; but
desirous lint to 'mishit. hi his in:sforttincs the nolo-
her of persons eruntwised in the threat or Charles 1V
he assented to another resupseilitMo (No. 10), sktell
bears ow its front all theriadications of erinstsidin
and rio!eare. pad whirl` in no respect answers its
pnrievae, to colour over tile intended usurpation of
ehe Pinopror. .
'" These a-e the only insta cr. renn neintion
wines (share interfere], as Slinister awl Secretary
of State. That whieh car sp .ken of at Bounleaux,
I have not the least knowle : but I know the
Emperor, in the law ..00terelice with King Ferdi-
nand VII. maid to Vfiiiestr, r Prier,, U fault
vow tote la OPVPIOW Pi M wort.'—. Priam, ram
Dare rosin to choose bet sees resaiwt end "WA.'
". With respect to the rest. the whole world leap-
prised, that Charles IV. reminisced the to
the Einne•or at the time that the Pricier of Asturias,
his brother the infant ."10,1 Conto4,•Atl I his uncle
the Infant [Mn Antonio, w-re forced to surrender
their rights. The Emperor, now helieviiig himself
proprietor of the Crown of Spoils, placed it on the
liad of his brother Joscoh Napoleon, King of

!Carle..
It has alrefide hero explaine4. that although
the King left his Court for a few days, h► thought
fit to sorption SI Junta, or .11.14 h the luiant flow
Antonio war to hr President, with full power. to
sietermine for him and in his Royal name. all 'Wi-
lco. that would not I,lsri nit or delay. Every night
I sent 3 cornier to this Junta, communicating what
appeared uecessity for its information and direc-
tion.

ii'hen the King arrived at Bayonne (anal on
the day of hi. arrival, the ambitions and violent in-
tentions of the Emperor were commiinnated to
him), !began to fear that the extraordinary couriers
would be iiitcrceoted. a, was found to be the fat t.
Among the various disputes that I had with the
Minister, Charnuagov. on the different accidents
that oceasioned the deter•ion of the Cabinet Cou-
riere, the answer that he gave me to a remonstrance
of mine is sufficiently remarkable. It is to be *PP I I
among the documents in jiistification (No. 11.)—
In this situation of things, I took the precaution of
scaling duplicates by different conveyances. By
such means. I succeeded so far as to give informa-
tion to the Junta of Government of the arrest and
oppression to which the King had been exposed.
•• It was easy to foresee that the freedom of the
Junta wriubLiiot be respecleil, eines. notwithstand-
ing all the offers and assistance, of the Emperor,
the liberty of the Soveragn was violated at Bay-
onne; and that the noble designs of some Mem-
bers of the tame Assembly would be obstructed
(although boldly declared.) by the irresistible powet
of the representative of the Emperor. Tathis, no
doubt, is to he attributed their not having consulted
upon the awful condition of the kingdom, and the
remedy for such a calamity, as well as not having
appointed a Junta to assume the Regency, in a
place where the bayonets of the enemy could not
penetrate.
"1 The King was surprised that the Junta had
not written ; and the folios ing post, when Ilia
Majesty hail come to a determination in conse-
quence, without losing a moment, I sent a Royal
order to the Junta, that they should execute who..
erer eras e.rpedieitt for the service of the A-any and
the kingdom. and that for Ma purpose they should
employ all the powers which Ili, Majesty would pos-
sess if he were himself resident is the kingdoms (6).
" Nothing could be written that could be more
intelligible. The security of the means of com-
munication diminiiihrid every moment ; for I cools)
not expect that the Emperor would regard the sa-
credness of a correspondence, since be paid no re-
spect to the person of the Sovereign to whom it
was subservient.

'6l The Cabinet Courier conveying thin Itoyal Order won
istercrotrol, 00 *bleb Weald 1 sent a clopticate, wAidt woo
received lof the J the atesoloo/100l of o {kb hue got
boon obis to reserve. •

l‘ The, Joints, notwithstanding, thought it was
necessary to consult /lie Majesty, and to obtain
orders as to various measutes which appeared to
them neetosiary for the salvation of the country;
and for this purpote they bane to Bayoatie a cone-
ntente' person of kisow it zeal in the Royal service,
to transmit verbally to the King the foiluwitig pre-
positions •
1. Whether ilia Majesty thought fit to Metherlse the(
Junta to substitute, in ease of need, some person Se persoarl
of their own body. or °threwi,e, to hold a Commil in a wears
sitamion, where it costal freely net, and they citrested Hie'
Majesty to signify who should compose the 4,oitticil fur that'
purpose, should he think the measure expeilienr?
• r it was the wish of Ills Majesty that hostilities
should he commeteed against the French army ; sod, to
that case, when and how the purpose should bototeentert ?
• a. %%lEl'lol'll were likewise the wish of the King that
we shoshl endeavour to prevent the entrance sensory French
troops iota Sorkin, try guarding the flOSS•41011111b1164011fiers
‘‘lbether His Alajedy thought it would be right to
coasoke the Corts, fur which purpose • decree of His Ma-
jesty would be accessary', addressed to the (loyal ('4lo4rtl ? It
bring possible that at the lentil of the mower of the King,
the Junta would not Let at Illicit!, to act, they asked whether
say Charters, or Audieitie of the kiumlum should be em-
powered, übleli tem not within the reseh of the French
troops' Further, if the l'oises should be assembled, at what
subjects of discussion it should precool'
" The person chargurl with three propositions ar-
rived at Bayonne on the 4th of May, at nielit he,'
come to me immediately, and having disclosed to
me his tossiness, I introduced him to II s Majesty
without losing a moment.
" The Kitig Navin" taken into consideration the
four proposition. iiiilenitted to Lis attention by the.
Junta, sent, in answer, two Tteyal Decreer, iu the
inorottig of the followhie‘dity, the one written by
flit Nltijesty, with lea own band, directed to the
Jews of Government ; the other tsigiteti by Hie
Majesty 0 Yo ef ieeo,'). addressed, in the unit in-
stance, to the Canned, anti .newt, to any Chamiiir
or Audience of the Kingdom *lnch should not bee
under restraint.
" These original decrees, dispatched by the with.,
all care, and mule,* secure conduct, it is well kilowatti
noire(' in the hands of one of the Meunier', of the
Jnota. who is now absent, and whom name wan first
mentioned; but the Junta is empanel tits' lie made
no one of it, nor did he ever send to the Council
the decree which was addressed to it. (7.
" The minute* of these two decrees are. not in
my poseession, ',calorie the critical titanium% of the
King nt Bayonne, and the necessity of avoiding*,
exposition of his views, obliged use to destroy them.
Notwittatanding this, I preserved them in my me-
mory, and they are testified anti certitied by the
three Secretaries of Ili, Majesty, D. Eueebio Bar-
dexi v Artni, U. Lois de Onia, and D. Evaristo
Perez (le Cmtrn, who were with ate at Bayonne,
ilild-1111W and read the two original decrees, the sub-
stance of which is as follows : i'ff
"The Kiug quid to the Junta of Uovetteaseatil
that he was not in a state of freedom, and come.
gliently incapable of taking any measures for the
preservation of the Its val person atad the hlosercity.
On that account the Junta was entruseed. with
most ample powers to repair to any /Arm that
should be deem's! most cenvesient ; that in the
name of Ills Nieleete,' the rememiutitig his owu
!Jerson, they might ewe/rein all the fassetioasiver
sovereignty; that hostilities shoold emasneores that
moment when His Majesty should proceed the
interior of France. which. (Ito wiml.l not slw, *stews
ohlisresi.hy visilenee. Lamle, that in ettelt:a tote,'
the Jut.ta :blond prevent. in the beet tatianet ther
could, the introduction 'Of more tegoeittliietoi till
Pen; tionitt (14) • .
• In the Decree &reeled to the Rival Chu-licit, and
next to ant Chancery or Atittence. his Nlsiesat milk that,
in the situation in which he found kiiaself.deprised of his
Sheets., it was hit Royal will that die Cortes slimilii be As-
scolded in >nrh place as should appear most cativeramit ;
that at first time should occupy themselves exclusively in
attending to the levies and subsidies tnecc,iiry for the de-
fence ed and that theUr sittinis sloorld be
permanent, 10 determine what sh'o'd he done nn future
events 1,0,.
- disgraceful means, of which the Emperor avail-
ed himself to obtain the rennociation of the crown of
Spain is his (avow, have already been known ; hut the
violence of Poimparte to accomplish his purposes Jill pot
terminate there. El.nded as he was by dm extravacance
of his ambition, he could vet discern how easily thew
ant of renunciation seoul.l he t;i .onset of ; and itt,,,care
ha endeavoured to confirm them be the means of a Come
cil. which he noel a National Aoembly, ant which
was to be convotsl at Roronnr (It".
" He named about titt Spaniards, of different classes,
conditions. and corporations, to constitute this Assembly,
hut only about 90 were enlivened. A inn of these. re-
presentinz some cities, tribunals, or public bodie, brouzlit
with them instructions in de nature of powers Mien them
by those whom they repres-iited, hot wholly insufficient
to answer the purpose intended. The Nlinisters of the
Council were .v.l h,ait any powers or instructions what-
ever, a precaution adopted Imc this tribunal in conformity
to the opinion of its gomini,sioners, in woks to avoid all
involuntary compromises. Most of the depwies hail no
other powers than owlet! an order to take their dersart•tre,
and many of them did not belong to any public body,
Or ticknoWle !lied class of the community.
" The E'imernr fully expected, from the acquiescence
of these individuals. a mask under which to conceal his
usurpation. But he was utterly deceived. lostea‘l of
findink weak men convenient to the designs of his merce-
nary ambitions ha was lOW by Ministers incorruptible,
. .

(71 When these two Hotel Decree• came to the' hands of
theJonta, the (tread Dalt, of Herz hail bean &weenie day,
President: and the affair of the ad of May hid taken place.
The Emperor, ♦ftrr the der-flute of the Royal Parents, pre-
eipitstety and nwleeentiv forced from the capital all the
Nlcanfieris .4 the Royal iFamily, and seat them to Bayonne.
Bat yet he had to take the important step of nano! complete
pomeminn of the Gidrersinseal, to ur•irr to ahith the
scene.! the ad of May was exhibited; a scene of honor and
iniquity, similar to What the model a French bate executed
in other ronntriel with similar designs.
(11` The perfect strecontat between the recommeadatioa
of the Kin 7, siren, to the Jews, in his Royal Decree of the
soh of May, and the determination of his faithful vassals, is
err, remarkable. We hare seen, that all the provinces of
the Monarchy rose spositaanausly to ri s•st the oppressor,
withoot ',seism! any k•arwkdEr of the will of their &overtime
(a.) t, We, the three Secrete:ieu of the King, fur Decrees.
Deride. that we liars area and read in Dramatic. the Iwo ori-
ginal 'Decrees seat by Ilia Majesty Ferdinand VII. on the sth
May, in this year, whirls arc toentiuDed abare, and the
retistaner of the contents of them, as far as we ca. retallect,
is the same as is here stated
" Et'SF.lllO DE BARDAILI V AZARA.
LUIS DE ON IS.'
" EVARIbT() PF-REZ DE CASTRO

maa.;a,sept 1, tars"
0,101 it is web barmen that this Junta was assembled at
Sayoonstosecordiag to priatett notice o:ren ten the tuth of
Mtn to tout, u floras said, of t►e otes.;• of set wan t►e
_happj•easse Spate, but t tact, to propose the t eaunutture
or jll tie'reile of the It...rimer 4, stem, surf set.h rti.uns awl
nitettellutoe wort wet litter in &they the whets country.
sod Airy }wig,* batmen tv it

Grandees wrirthy of their tank, and representatives •
nem faithful defenders of the interest situ 01 the honour
their country. They all, with one accord, inf.srmed h'
that they held powers much restricted, that they weft
the legitimate representatives of Spain, and tl:at they
nut compromise her riehts.
" These and other similar reflections nrre mated
insolence in thorldroit.il of the Unman, who, for is.
being disentufiwil, put irtr: activity all thememis nfop•
premien", fiaperiug himself ifffr My sietcries on the ono
hand Ad corruption 'nn the nthei helihseistl SO colour over
injustice that he would not be emsitleted by the trurld as
the stibsact4r 'of general
" I do trot Cutler into the particularsihat occurred in
this progress ; but (tile of thivAlinimererif the Coniteil of
CasWA, whit does POValleb•h0110111 tb ha rnhe, will 'misty
the eurinisity of the public as to titia particular.
"I ought not so speak of what I hare suffered for me
King and country : the troth is, I have not sulfeted,
for all 1 have ddne has been requited by my most tarred '
duties. It was to inc the highest satisfaction to see my
lodging in Bayonne
.seirrounded by the satellites of Go-
vernment : to &hilts-les summits!, who abound always
where those are in aotherity who iii hilanry usurp the chin-
rac:ers of heroes. My steps were reekomit!--4-me visits
nbservirl--esitionnage, tinder the mask of compassion, ow..
prosiclimi in examine ille.secrets of my smil ; hut nnthing
disturbed the tranquillity of my mind. What I could inn
behold with patience, was to see myself condemned to a
confinement wiihin the fronsiir of France. until 11'.e
peror should considerthat try narration of the standalone
proceedings could nut destroy the lofty faltrie of the new .
Spanish Monarchy. In vain, for two months, I applied
to the Minister for Foreign Affairs %rah the.tuntoat iittpor-
tunity to be permitted to return to my beloved country j
the Oterinine.l resistance I made to the attempt of %MO.
potion made the French Governiaritt .!raf to toy entrectimi,
believing, not without gond reJsoi), flirt I should endea-
vour to inflame heroism in my country, denominated In-
surrection in the Journals of Bayonne,
" In such unraiiinrable eiremitmatiees, a mode present-
ed itself in me of ainitling a mate of indefinite banish-
ment. - Such were the repeated entreaties of Joselga
Napoleon that I should continue with hill is the situ-
ation of Minister, to which 1 acceded with repugnance
and fruits constraint, but without prejudice of illy right to
abandon it at a convenient opportunity.
•• This opportunity occurred the ',loosens I net foot in
Madrid. From that instant I only thonght of availing
myself of the most early means of resigning my new cha-
racter, which 1 did in the manlier shewn in doettment
No.
Joscoh Napoleon entail not be. grieved at the disap-
pearance of a Minister who sd frequently opposed his
wishes (In. and whn, in the opinion of some of those
who immediately Gnu's-miniml him, war a (Joixote in tor
nt316111% who maid nor eorepreheod lar sub iffig Wer
litters of Hoe c.eatesi if heroes in lasour of lime ff8C14011.•
liars 41. Spain.
" I have shewn in this narrative, with chortles, and

renunciation,
among *lag affairs of n. -
exacted by the same illegal and violinist expedient., hr be-
Series that he has become she proprietor of the Crowns of
Spain ; he transfer. it to hit boobs, without considering
the in.f.my to which he would bee:posed in the Cain's/rig
in Fiimpe, Me the usurpatiou of the throne of a Mnerch.
his friend sail ally.
ri Who can dOuht. fmm this clear evidence, that thei
renteincivrion executed by Frrolinend VII. in fasour of los
aimotet father, and tiler which rioneeeeded in favnor of the
Emperor. are absolute nullities t Who will doubt, bat
that if the lest should have emanated from a free exercise
of the wnil, the right. of die nk 'nasty of Bourbon see not
prejudice,' by it r Who does Mt kanw. that in case of
the extinction of such a family, and by the .ery establith•
mint of the Spanish monarchs-. the nem n alone vs.. invite
another dynast,., or can int-rehire such a form of Grown!.
merit as it shall most amine% e ?
ri In another part of this n orratire, I base chews that
Ferdinand VII. was too km...lir:dile to *oppose that the
F.mperor c nuld entertain stash 'ermines ileetaws. Thb
King desired to fee Spain from the oppremion of the
French troops ; it W. 14 DIMMI.DVI bins, that this and all
other matter. itould be regulaied with the Emperor, and
that he should return in his king, 'DM with the fruit of hilt
reertinos Inc the gond of his vassals ; and no Ir ur of bin
life was nniemonable no him to exert !airmen. fof the e
happiness. This I .3,, and ran testify. Dutimg has mien
Ii lenient. nothin! .41lieted his generous Mort so tame as
the eniffinninnes of it s ;rople ; and whom his lbwets begot
to he &mistral. he adopted the swears the trust ;avers, is
llr. his paternal enlieiutde : teach was the nmierhe gate for
the ranee, naturally sought. when his rf•.(10141 was in-
ter:aimed ; and -itch was the eurnmennl that the Cortes
chould he assembled to determione those questioos, which
in their prover p..rccs have been noticed.
•• Valour and patriotism have insect...fully armed the
whole nation in it. emit defence. and for the ',mart-Poo of
their legitimate Snerrrign. although the people had no
beinivledie of the will nfilieir beloved Feedmarnd as to. this
nineement. That patriotism. united to "4..10 will now
impel them irreeistible so platform with promptitude the
most important work of the Central Government or Re-
xene.. which may administet the affairs of the kingdom
in the name of his Majesty.
rr Thcs sill be ennninletenl, fe,r the advantage of all. the
last eepressnon of the will of the King. which he amide-
seetnrled In ow the nicirient before he was forced so re.
normee the Crown ; thins will the nation be preserved
from this dreadful tempest ; it wilt have exhibited bef..re
Europe, so example of !OVahV, hqlllllll'. and generous
energy, which still be the subject of admiration in emery
s;e. and in emery country.
•• Mandrni, Sept. t. naoS."

PEDRO CEVALLO.; "

(1 .) 1 ter particular/7 trounce the Iff.tir of the etelte.
when Jeeeph Beeeperre, stetto-: Meer & tteotett to coo.
net fore! toev to ewes? site:river, to hots: cad Chet of the
hettobseitt of the Council of Ciotti* to Bartow, be Ito

he pgist of honour,
f Spain to the Mare
i
MotestYr d
/ with which
.ieta,eil to sh
17.1- ree„t to tuft
hject f-"Pi'
under discus
ould
elre ilecessory.i
• •„ whom he s t
o tlitlis.,.
nerciatio t,
laved their parts iii
If to the Archili,ai
wiled him to
l. He accordll
174:130et zealous 1..4.
.10irste, and prevail
Affair% to coin
T--7t propositions of
igoor Escoigniz_i
enda literal curo of
of the molest,
1:1 this state of
wii`a t;It! quahuaelo
Stg..llor, Dou Pedro
ter to the Court of I
.ellor of State, hive
suitable ins, ructioos
ordering him to pre:
Foreign Affair*, ani
ieturii, and that tin
jesty should be coin!
per. Both those r
ritp,ister ChainlAgt
that "they were a:el
oncromeeied kith tJ
ciatiun."
Seignor Labraii
bath the one and th
a inotter of such
without them he co
the Xing his marts
structionss if inrcess
but always in aqui.
ehamnaanv talked

ted to thisTpirti;t:l.otri.The Ropol lea
":
ich and proceed d in i
isn ualtappy state of
!t►esonble will of ti
n dtottld be so.
" What [lie Imi
qt most arduous task.
in Pose to deaden the
*troy his direction I
t I•llf,:infouA Court
set wholly ..stingy
oars, that these 100
of their children.'
smuts for their al

fidelity, the reties of the principal events in thir important
epoch., carefully avoiding, minim into minute particulate
foreign to my object. or which s,nuld make this einnii-
non too prolix ; and 1 hive endearoured to place before
my leaden, in its true poidtei vice, all the isiceice and
vinlettcr with Yeltich the French Government has conduct-
ed itself towards oar bmictied liositsaiso, sad the whole
nation.
" It has already Loth proted..ther the Yet:one...thin of
Charles IV.' in farrow of his you Ferdinand VII. is
vi-
ti.ttetl in narespeet. lit the slight sketch which we hare
drawn to Ithe nerfirlines and deeenUil with'. which the
Emperor has invite the progress we hails went
_dk series
of al r0,an.10,4,4 offered to Spain. and catlertforturuile
Rhvg Fetch
.T vit. remains depicted ea-
loots.
The EMPrlfir dorms Charles IV. in,paigt . That be
I may induaglaseiwalublaket fur Amato. with all the
Royal 11ama5...4:4w talon the Pritineola to lik; Former
he liahts Oa the fishes of diseerd between the Rat Ai 1010.
rents an ! their child is order to delyilitste Spain, tlichtin"
it "city panics, after haying iliserateeil thrilnyel tserentts
hat Ationts...Seginaind limo, hit' (roue by false pro-
mises ; he make. him captive in R”Anlle when he
saw that the vir•ue of olw'lnung king kutew how to mist
his desig,nt, 4,41 that Fentins,wl mold not be induced to
retionoter his Crown. he necmi.o.rd hint to he brought to
Bayonne. with all the ether persattaacs of the Rulol No.
mils, as if in prewar them boilini th lure the Imperial 'rho
lomat. whschWas linth judge awl party in the same nose.
lie erideyvermy in Jeprhe the parents of the sendbilidee of
' nausre, dui fines. them to become the instrensentrof the
oppression of tlitir child. Front the'latuu he extorts
renuneialinn, the hens, irregalar anti' illie:t traniretion
among Ihp affairs of man: and bee attics t,f abdications,
. .

es who
nnur or
KI
ear 0(1 •
r cooki
1 with
f &rot
et. op•
the one
Of Over
scald Ai
