Ile wished the Right Honourable Gentleman would guarensee
a hearing.
Mr. Secretary CANNING sail he could guarantee the Hon.
Member a House, but he certainly could not guarantee him a
beating. (Much laughter.)
ABOLITION 07 SLAVERY.
Mr. HUSKISSON said he had to present to the House two
petitions from two bodies of his constituents in Liverpool. The
petitioners approved of the course which had been adopted by his
Majesty's Minister'', And were not anxious for the preservation of
the system of slavery ; but they prayed the House not by un.
necessary discussion to keep the question in such agitation. and the
slaves in such a state of excitement, as might have the effect of
precluding Ministers from carrying the measures they emitem.
plated into effect. They stated that their property in the 'West
Indies had been much deteriorated by the continued agitation of
the question.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. F. BUXTON presented petitions. against Slavery from
C,eme, Dorsetehire; from the congregation of Claremont Chapel,
Pentonville ; from Verne, Wexford; from Camiguin ; from
Herwick, Roxburgh; front Severity. Snothly, i.nd nthcr places
in Lincolnshire; and from Pollockshant, in the parish of Last.
wood.—Ordered to be printed.
Similar petitions were presented by Mr. Sykes, from West
Durham ; front Cherie], and from Meldreth ; and by
from Sussex.
table.
' said, that early in March he moved for a return
:persona who are now confined, having been corn.
tempt of the Court of Chancery. As it had not yet
.tad, be should move that the return be male forthwith.
.weed also for a return Of the expenses income, in the re-
. Windsor Castle and Buckingham House. which had also
.eon furnished ; and he therefore made a similar motion in re-
ion to that return.
Ordered forthwith.
Till KING'S BENCH PRISON.
Mr. HUME said, he last night presented • petition from en in..
dividual mimed David Latouche, complaining that the Mondial
had charged him 2071. for the rules of the King's Bench Prison,
and subsequently confined him within the walls. The petition con.
tattled other allegations which he (Mr. Hume) did not think it
necessary to notice. He had since made himself acquainted with
the circumstances of Mr. Jones's conduct. On reference to the rules
and regulation'', he found that Mr. Jones was authorised in making
this charge ; that he was entitled to 5/. for the first hundred of a
prisoner's debt, and 41. for every after hundred. He (Mr. Humes
now objected to the law which enabled the Marshal to make these
exactions. On instituting an inquiry, he found that Mr. Jones
would give Mr. Latouehe the rules again, if he gave security for
his debt, and to keep the peace. Ile shouhl move, under these en.
cumstances, that the petition be brought up.
Mr. DAWSON said the Marshal was remarkable for his hums.
nity and excellent conduct. He might have charged 3:10/. if he
had pleased for the Rules he had given. I'he conduct of the peti.
tioner had been most outrageous; he had fired pistols at the patrol,
and was guilty of other excesses. The Magistrate had recom.
mended that he should be confined within the walls.
Mr. M. A. TA YI4)R said a more correct or humane officer
titan 51r. Jones he did not know. He was sure there could be no
foundation for the allegations in the petition.
Mr. HUME said the gravanien of the charge consisted in the
petitioner being confined within the walls without being repaid
the money he had given for the Rules. He (Mr. Fiume)
thought slr. Jones was justified in making the charges he ha/.
He freely confessed, after what he had learnt of the character of
the petitioner, that he was not warranted in sayi?.g anytiting par.
ticularly in his favour.
The petition was then laid on the table.
MR. °OUR LAY.
Mr. HUME presented a petition front Serres. in the county of
Fife, praying the !louse to take into consideration the case of Mr.
Gourlay.—Laid on the table.
The Hon. Member also presenter' a petition from a weaver in
Glasgow, complaining that he did not get more than front lis. to As.
per week, as wages. fhe petitioner proved the House to fiX a
tirliamagni of wages, as Parliament had Axed a minimum of this
price of corn.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUME afterwards gave notice, in reference to Lord Cheri-a
Somerset, that he should present a petition from Col. Bradley
next Friday.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL postponed his motion relating to bri.
bery and corruption at electtona, to nett Friday. His Lordsh'p
then presented a petition from Tralce. in the county of Retry,
praying the House to inquire into the bribery and corruption proe-
tised at that place.—Laid on the table.
Mr. WM, S3IITH presented a petition from Carrick 'a•gos„
praying for the Abolition of Slavery.—(.aid on the sable.
IRISH CURRENCY.
Mr. F. BUXTON presented a petition from Mignon, Wex-
ford, praying that the circulation of small notes system in Ireland
might not undergo alteration.—Ordered to be printed.

SLAVERY.
Mr. C. B. ELLIS presented a petition from the planters and
owners of estates in the British West India Colonies. against ary
alteration of their property. without allowing an adequate compen.
sation.—Ordered to be printed.
Sir A. CA 3IPBELL presented a petition from the merchant.
and traders of Glasgow, for the abolition of slavery.—Ordered to
be printed.
CATHOLIC EMANCIPATION.
Mr. DALY presented a petition from the Protestant NoHernen
aid Gentlemen of the county of Galway, in favour of Catholio
Emancipation.—Ordered to be printed.
BANK It UP TC

Mr. M. A. TA had the honour of a se:it
in that Muse during the next Parliament. he lotto led. at Vie
earliest period, to bring forward a motion for the total rtmitval
all bankruptcy cases from the jurisdiction of the Court of
Chancery.
LORD CHARLES SOMI?'tSET.
Lord E. SOMERSET wished to know whether it was the intem.
tion of the lion. Gentleman opposite (Mr. B. Beaumont). who had
introduced the case respecting the Cape of Good Hope Adminittrea-
tian, or of the Hon. the Secretary for the Colonies t.Mr. W. Doi.
ton), to lay before' the House all the papers relating to t"o
transactions in which the conduct of his noble relent'. (Lord C.
Somerset) was implicated ? His noble relative had arrived in Pio
country since the question had been last agftattd in that House,
and felt the greatest anxiety that every facility for the immediate
investigation of all charges preferred against hint doting his admi.
nistrauon at the Cape of Good Hope might be afforded ; as he was
convinced that the more speedy the inquiry, the sooner would the
integrity and propriety of his proceedings be established.
Mr. WILMOT HORTON, in answer to the question which
the Noble Lord had asked, stated that he was desirous that the
Hon. Gentleman (Mr. B. Beaumont) should bring forward what-
ever measures he proposed to institute on the subject. as, if that
lion. Member declined, he (Mr. W. Horton) intended to propose
some course that might settle any difference of opinion on the ques.
Lion. Ile had last night received a communication from that Hort.
Gentleman, from which he concluded that it was not his intention
to suggest any thing further on the matter at present.
Mr. B. BEAUMONT did not see any benefit NOliCh could be
derived from bringing forward the documents before the Hulse at
this late period of the Session, when nothing could be dune in refer-
ence to them. Should he, however, be in possession of a seat ill
that House during the ensuing Parliament, he pledged himself to
press forward the matter at the earliest time and omit tunny.
SLAVERY.
Dr. LITSHINGTON presented petitions from Warrender,
Darlington, Southampton. Kitcherburgb, and some office plar.t,„
praying for the sholition of slavery.—Ordered to be 'trilled.

EAST ISDL% SUOA It.
Mr. W. WIIITMORE beggul leave to refer to the notice
of motion which he had given on a former night. and a hich 'taxi
for Tuesday next, relative to the duties on East India and Foreign
Plantation Sugar. As the resolutions which he meant to prop,•au
could not be brought forward on the night appointed, in cci.v..
goence of the intimation given last night, lie determined to unit
until the next Parliament.

The Orders of the Day were then proceeded with.
On the order that the Report on the Sessional Adr'resses r:-
aired,
Mr. H. GURNEY rose and said that he could hot allow till
Sessional Addresses to pass, without adverting to a paper atrial li r.t
been circulated very extensively among the Members,
remuneration for the services of the High Constable of Welt-
minster, whose time was devoted during their sittings to the per-
formance of services highly useful. but fur which the indrirldu.il
who meritoriously held the office of High Constable receive I ho
requital. An objection had been made to the introduction of an
item of this kind on a former occasion by an lion. 31ember. urn
misunderstanding that the office of High Constable had been pur-
chased and was lucrative. Ile hoped that a clause to the effect of
compensation would be introduced.
After a few words from Mr. M. A. TAYLOR. the Report was
brought up.
The Parochial Clergy Residence Bill was then read a third tier
and passed, and the remaining Orders of the Day were disposed ut..

THE GREEKS.
Sir %V. INGILBY, after some inaudible observations, presented
a petition from Whiteboothy, In Essex, in favour of the Greeks.
Mr. W. SMITH hoped that there would be soma Milieatiot
given in that House, and from the opposite side. tint the people of
England were not in a state of disinclination or apathy tuwanis tha
condition of their fellow.ehriativis, the Gret•ks
Sit HOBERT WILSON trusted that something would be
done to save a Christian people from that extermination which nv-
naced them. Though the violence of their lase was of a most
veterate description, nothing could intintid lie them. or prevent the
exertion of that brave spirit by which they were so nobly distin.
guiehed. It was to be feared, however, that them straggles would
not be so successful as they deserved, under the eitcutiistances
which they were placed. They preferred to tleqroy themselves and
children, as in a late disotrous Maumee was manliest. rather (lan
surrender. Such heroic condect was highly meriunious, and should
excite commiseration. The attack on Algiers was made on the
very principle which should operate oil the mascot siecAsiou. Why
should a foreign power be allowed to domineer in any country In
Europe, under French auspices. French officers were freely per-
mitted to devote their services to the opponents of Greece, al:!la
those of England who might be desirous to assist the latest were.
