(►'XTRACT OF A PRIVATE LETTER.)

We learn froin letters from Paris, that Prince
Metternich has invited the Spanish Ambasoithir,
the Duke de San Carlos. to proceed to Italy to the
Emp, ror of Austria. It is said that this Andras.
sitdor is charged to protest solemnly, in the nitrite
of Maria Louisa, infanta of Spain, against the pow-
SetiSloll of Parma and Placentia by the Archduchess
Muria Louisa of Austria, and against the removal
of the pictures of Parma from the Museum at
Paris by the Austrian Commissioners.

On the otio,r halal, a projected marriage between
the Arciabicheas i.enpnldiue, the Emperor's se-
cond daughter, and the King of Spain, is the topic
of general t'onversation.

In my last letter I informed you of the apprehen-
sion of ('rowel. For some weeks past time police
has been on the look out for this celebrated robber,
without his having auy suspicion of the circum-
stance. It had found means to introduce some of
its agents into his band, and to direct movements
of the latter suitably to its plans. Grasel was
enamoured of a girl who had been taken mid im-
prisoned, lint permitted, though in a manner
wholly unknown to her, to escape. It was in-
tended, by means of this girl, and a female
companion who hail been placed with her during
her imprisonment, to entice Gram.' into a house,
where all necessary steps had been taken to
secure him. A confident of the Magistrates, brit
supposed by Graft, to be attached to his interest,
entered the house with him, and took all the re-
quisite precautions to prevent his escape.
It is said that the Mayor of the town of Drosen-
dorf princilaallt• contributed to the success of the
measures for apprehending this chief of banditti,
who has been long known, hut for the last four
months 11:1.4 carried nu his defiredations with the
greatest audacity. He was taken in the vicinity
of Horn, carried on the 20th to Stockerau, and
brought about twelve o'clock on the 21st to this
capital. Such was the eagerness of the people to
see him, that thousands went to the other side of
the Danube to meet him, and that in the evening
the streets were crowded, because it was reported that
he was to he transferred in the night from the hotel
of the l'olice to that of the Tribunal of Justice.

NOT. 29.

Letters from Trieste state, that Count 11t;tiorp
((;uAsvits, late King of Sweden), is in that city
with a retinue of fourteen persons, among whom is
one female. The Coma intends to proceed without
delay to Jerusalem ; hut, according to appearances,
the funds of the party are not adequate to so dis-
tant an expedition. The Count slims himself very
little in piddle. lie will embark in a French ship
for Corfu, and there collect all the information ne-
cessary for his farther progreas.
soar, Nor. 24.

ll'e appear to be on as good trans with the
Court of Austria as with that of England. It is
confidently asserted that Austria has undertaken to
adjust amicably, with the ('Dort of Bavaria, the
existing difficulties relative to the claims of l'rinee
Eugene.

FRENCH PAPERS RECEIVED LAST NIGHT.

PARIS, DEC. 10.

The King has appointed Conn; Reinhardt,
Counsellor of State, his Minister Plenipotentiary
to the Germaine Diet and the free City of Flank-
fort..—(Guyette
We are :assured, that the Chamber of Deputies,
in the Secret Committee of yesterday, heard the
developetnent of a proposal of Count Sosthene de
la Itochefoncatalt, that a general mourning should
per ordered throughout France, and a funeral ser-
vice celebrated in all the churches on the 21st
of January. It is said also to have been decided
that the Central Committee, to which have been re-
feu red all the proposals of Messrs. Lahourdonnaye„
lessis, Dr Bromine, and Dr Germiny, will not
make its report, if it should think lit, till it has
de•lilwrated on the projer of the law of amnesty
presented yesterday by all the Ministers. All the
bureaux were afterwards renewed by lot. On Mon-
day, at twelve o'clock, there will he a meeting in
the bureaux to deliberate on the projet of the law
of amnesty. At two o'clock the Sitting will be
made public, for the purpose of hearing three dif-
ferent reports.

We have online(' the name of General Dronot
in the list of persons who are to he apprehended and
tried by Councils of %liar. The preliminary pro-
ceedings have already commenced before the first
Council of War sitting at Paris.
M. Mourre, Attorney-General of the Court of
Cassation, will speak in the affair of M. ',scalene,
in which M. Olivier, Counsellor of the said Court,
is nominated reporter.

We are authorised to state that Schulmeister, the
secret agent of Bonaparte, is not a nati►•e of the do-
minions of the King of Wirtemberg•, and that he
is not gone to that country, as some of the public
papers have asserted.

Yesterday his Excellency the Minister of War
went to the Thud!cries after hia Majesty had break-
fasted, and transacted business with him till the
tune for Mass.

A Deputation of the Chamber of Deputies,
composed of the President and Secretaries, Wilt§ 111

LO N DON,

THURSDAY, DEcEmnEe. 14, 1815.

The Paris Papers of the lOth (Sunday) arrived
at a late hour last night. General DnouoT is the
next of Bo,: A PA RTE'S part isaus who is to be brought
to trial. The preliminary process has already com-
menced. Any free comments upon the fate of
NET—any just exposition of the feelings which
it excited, we did not look for; but the Paris
Papers being freed from a subject which had en-
grossed their whole attention, we did expect to
find in them some notice of other objects of im-
portance. It is therefore with feelings of disap-
pointment we see, at a moment when France is
full of interest, their columns tilled with light and
frivolous matter, not worth detailing. In this
dearth of interesting intelligence in the public
Journals, we are left dependant, in a great mea-
sure, upon private letters. The trial and ex-
ecution of Marshal NET form, as mat• be ex-
pected, the principal features of their intelligence;
but they likewise acquire an additional interest by
representing the state of public feeling in Paris on
that important occasion. The anxious interest felt
by the mass of the people for the Marshal's fate,
was evinced by a sullen gloom, which generally
pervaded them, stud the apprehensions of the Go-
vernment were no less manifest, in the extraordi-
nary precautions employed to preserve tranquillity.
The citizens appeared in the streets in vast num-
bers during the continuance of the trial, but the
iusposing strength of the military awed them into
silence. The morning of the execution was dark
and lowering, but it slid not prevent the assemblage
of an immense crowd on the plain of Grenelle,
where it was supposed the Nlarshal would sul3r r.
To countenance this is troops repaired thither
at an early hour, and lined the avenues leading
to it ; this, however, was but a feint, practised by
the Government, to prevent the multitude from
witnessing the fall of a man whose courage and
conduct France had been long accustomed to
respect; for while the people were thus attracted to
the supposed scene of execution, where they await-
ed the fatal moment in trembling expectation, the
Marshal had been &beady hurried to a spot far
distant, and, almost tswitnessed, expiated his
treason with Isis blood. To those who are amts..
touted to consider the efficacy of example as the
sole justification for extreme punishment, there
will appear but little in this execution of Marshal
NET to distinguish it from au act of private ven-
geance. The soleihnity of a public execution is •
extv.ansly awfid, and impresses ; strong moral
lesson on the minds of the multitude, to whom it

I ought to be particularly addressed. Unless the
punishment of Marshal NEY was intended to ope-
rate as such, it should never have occurred ; hut as
far as it was attended with this effect, it might, with
as much advantage, have taken place in his bed-
chamber. A file of musqueteers might have been in-
traduced, and have blown out his brains, without
danger of any immediate commotion, and by
these means the Government would have spared
itself the humiliation of proclaiming its apprehen-
sions, and have escaped the ignominy of practising
such a contemptible feint on the anxious multi-
tude. This, however, can be collected from the
circumstance, that the Government manifestly
dreaded some serious consequences from the sym-
pathy of the people in the Marshara favour, and
that in sacrificing this victim to their passions, they
iettraged public opieion. %V will readily acknoa-
ledge A ey's himself confessed it; hut
we will not concede the policy of punishing hini after
such a lapse of time, when the country was begin-
ning to resume its tranquillity, and repose ill con-
fidence on the boasted clemency of the Monarch.
To counteract the ill consequences of this exe-
cution, was evidently proposed by the introduction
of the Art of Anna-sty by the Duke of Incur-
unt, foliated on the principles of the Royal Or-
dinance of the 3.tth of July. The bureaux of the
Chamber of Deputies, present, with respect to the
amnesty, rather a novel appearance, for there exist
two projets on the same subject, but totally dissi-
milar in their spirit ; one proposed by the Count
DE LA BOURDONNAYE, the other by the Prime
Minister; but the hitter is mercy itself when com-
pared with the sweeping indiscriminate cruelty
recommended by the other. Mercy, however,
seems possessed of charms so little attractive, that
one-third of the members were silent sit its up_
preach, Auld hailed, with clamorous vehemence, a
petition front sonic southern town for renewing
party distinctions, by ceninelling the adherents of
BONAPARTE to defray the bidemnities. This
party will Undoubtedly support the former Bill or
Amnesty, and consequently oppose that of the Vtic
DE RICHELIEU. With what mingled sensation'
of wonder and indignation will posterity tear! the
records of the present Chamber of Deputies;
Raised to their lofty eminence for the purpose of
defending and enlarging the general liberties, they
have uniformly directed their attention to the most
effeetual means of eternally repressing thein.—de-
legated to limit the executive power, they hasten
to forge their fetters—and proud of their royal li-
very, dank their chains in admiration of their
slavery. Every measure of severity was either pro..
posed or strengthened by their fervid royalism; and
it, in the present moment of perturbation, Franco
should be rephinged into her former misery, she
a ill owe it to the conduct of her representatives.

A Dutch Mail has arrived, from which we hare
made extracts. They are not important.

We extracted yeSterday, from the Brussels Pa.
pers, an article under the head of Rome, stating,
that the Powers of Europe have formed a league,
by %%Inch they undertake to furnish*au army of
45,00 u men to put down the Barbary States.,
The details are very vague, and to give the
credit to their full extent, would be to inmate
a depth of ignorance in the European Poiirr,
from which we hope they are free. That it
would be a laudable undertaking to crush these
Barbary States, which have so long dis4raced the
world, and afflicted humanity by their ferocity soul
licentiousness, none will question, but a force of
45,000 men would he totally inadequate to the
purpose, and must perish in the attempt. Of the
four Barbary States, Tripoli, the weakist, could
bring into the field 45,000 men; Tunis, the next,
double that number; Algiers, treble; and Mortal.°
quadruple that amount. However these States
may be now distracted by jealousies and comee-
tions, an external attack by a Christian force would
not fail to unite them. Eight-tenths of their troops
are horsemen, and although inferior to European
troops, they are not deficient in courage and activity.

Yesterday u Court of Directors was held at the
East India House, when the under-mentioned
Commanders took their final leave. of the Court,4
previoni to departing for their respective destina-
tions, viz.—

Captain D. M.Leod, !Jailids of thintly ; Capt. J. Patter-
son, Castle Httntly; Capt. J. C. Loekner, Ladv lirlvillr ;
Capt. J. Dalrymple, Marquis of Ely ; Capt. J. Dille. C'alral.
va ; 11101 Capt. T. H. Wilkinson, Cumberland—fur But:ales,
and China.

Capt. DotiALDSON W :IC s, corn into the command
of the Phip Earl Bukurrus, consigned to China
direct.

Military reasons, it is said, have dtiternOned the
Court of Austria to demand that the tiLe road of
the Simplon should be abandoned and lies/loved.
The Lords of the Council will-meet this .d.iv iu
the Council Chamber, to hear and determine Prize
Appeals, for the first time this SOnSOn.
The battalion of the Ist Foot Guards began their
march from Paris for embarkation on SUntiny last,
and will be followed by the troops under orders for
England in SUCCCIit,iOII of corps.
We are sorry to notice, that the bank of Mr.
SirsPiteris, of this city, felt obliged to suspend its
payments on Saturday last, from an unexpected im-
pediment. The confidence which the public had,
and still retain, of its stability, we are well. assured,
will not be disappointed ; and from the modrraie
amount and limited extent of its circulation, I%e
anticipate that the public inconvenience will not be
very great, and that it will be relieved by a fovniii-
able result in its concerns.—(Ghouccster•Journat.)

■

ZS
ZIA '* ',41M:.1 ItIP"
CIL,----- . ".::,- • -:- .1:),* Ni \-- - \-:--,•‘‘.%
I o4la ---. t-<-7---hica..4na a •

FASDIONAULE ARRIVAIA and DEPARTURES.

LITTLE HOLLAND HOUSE,

KENSINGTON.

AN ATTEMPTED HOAX,
A most scandalous hoax has been attempted by
some person, who ought to have known better, by
writing a most extensive number of letters to va-
rious tradesmen, to send articles to the lion. Mrs.
Campbell, of Little Holland House, this day, be-
tween the hours of 12 and two. A morning paper's
hint prevented tnany persons sending., although most
I ad prepared their orders, and sumo put to most se-
rnts inconvenience to get them together. A person
going that way, found the road to the house so throng-
ed with persons bringing china, books, grocery,
&c. &c. that a pole was put across the ground, and
two men actually stationed with lire-arias, to pre-
vent intrusion. Even the undertaker did not fail
to attend; in short, the neighl,ourhood has not
been so thronged since the lust llrentforkl Election.
It is hoped the perpetrator, nevertheless, will be
found out and made au example of.
