appointments being filled trp by political jufthi4
*II the Welsh Judges be had eery known sus so
Pm'lament. Some of them douistle.s were FM •
rma suable orals Tberr rots St. I lry woad, a ger,.
aw with whom he was Ironton,. lie cash/ 00.
illo the present Chief Janice of Chester a greeir
Wary than to compere them. They had been
higs together; and Mr. i frywoo.l, abysiooing
op principle, and rhanging no opinion, had bees.
ironed to that office. He begged pardon; he had
been drawn into remark. which he did not wild) i•
,have made, lie begged leave, es hr paw fin trope
of succeeding with it, to writtolran Iris isiotioit.
The amendment fro• titer earned.
Sir J4II ts Micoo arum made row oboes ration.,
the purport of which could trot be rrrilarted.
PAYMENT (IF WAGE..
Mr. Lirret.sToer Ismail inn detain the House
above two minute* pith his motion on tins subject.
It was to obtain leave to bring in a Bill to enlarge
ilk. power. of an Act already paned So enforce the
payment of the wages of labour in motley, Untried
of poying in commodities, or small lolls, or
tickets of credit. technically termed paying in truck.
The Act in question hid been generally evaded.
He Wished to extant its powers. Ile would also
take away the appeal to the Quarter Soriano. One
of the parties in such canny, almost always she
prosecutor, mast be e poor man, and he ought not
to he forced to sacrifice hi. labour, Ins only riches,
to travel sissy miler perhaps to have his case de-
cided. The evil of which he complained was pent,
and yet would he perfectly remedied by the met-
eore which he had to propene. In pursuing it there
might he a necessity for ',sponsoring sane act ail
good. Some individuals issued tickets which would
have the effect of inducing the men to save their
money. Other* provided them with antics of ne-
cessity on better term. than they could procure
them otherwise. There was, 'toy/ever, math mischief
done, and evil eaff..red ins, • man by the parolee.
He therefore loosed for Is - e to briirg in a Bill to
raider more effectual certain Acts to team the
payment of wages in money.
Sir J. Metal %TOSS would not appose the intro-
duction of the Bill, (tat he protested agonies
the prtnetple of ii. The Hon. Member should
rather have moved for the repeal of the tamer
Acts, and the peoalties annezed, and leave the re-
gelation* of trade to those who were ioterated io
them.
Mr. F. Rootssos resold Oct approve of the
Bill, though he would not then oppose it. lie
rather thought that if the former Acts were the%
proposed to the Hoene, it would be very questiona-
ble if they ever would be passed. He did art
pledge himself not to oppose the Urn is some other
stagy, by refraining to do so then.
Colonel WOOD had received intimation from
some of the most considerable iron works in Wales,
that the masters meant to petition again' the Bill,
and were inisions to hart the Bill sent down, and
State tellowed for those porpoises.
' Mr. Hung wished to anestion lee way hi which
the former Acts might be eluded, An Unbent's:ll
esald direct his toes to deal al. st certain shop in
the village for their articles, or bo would not ess-
pley them. He did not, however, approve of the
Bill, and he hoped that it would be withdrewn.
Masters and mew should be allowed to make what
bargains they planed as to the matinee of payorest.
A removal of the present restrictions was a measure
for more ileeirsble.
Mr. BADING Omagh, tint the remedy for the
evil complb•ord of was not to he found in the Bill.
lie regretted that the Honourable Member had not
moved AN a Committee to exthsine, rasher thou for
leave to bring in a Bill, lie could see no danger
its leasing it to the master and their men so regu-
late their affairs. Tire custom or paying in com-
modities existed to a certain degree in all trades
and business, especially in agricnlture.
Mr. LITTILITOII, in reply, w.oold not deny the
general principle which had heeu declared; but es
long as the lows remained on the statute book. they
should be supported. There were instances in
Shropshire and its neighbourhood, where the soul
manufactories were curried on, of persons dame,
Dishing the value of wages considerably by paying
their men in rah, and thereby the poor rates be-
came burdened to make up the deficiency. This
was au evil to the fair trader of the same places
who refused tonslopt such practices, nod they ought,
to be relieved from so unworthy a competitsop,..
He would rather have moved far a Committee, keo.
be known that it was lacerated; but be united
now to inumbice the Bill first.
Mr. W. SMITH agreed with the general principle
.of leaving trade free, although the practice was
against that doctrine. fie thought • motion for a
I;omnsittee would have been better; become, if lb"'
allegation, were prayed trier, that would soppset
the necessity for the Bill. If not, there wall
have bear good gem med. for repealing theAete slip,
gether. At any rate, he could not agree to a &auk
of any cossiselenitiou of the subject.
Leave was thew gives to briagia the Bill.
PUBLIC BALANCES IN THE HANDS OF TpAri
BANK.
Mr. GiessooLe. wield strike bat a very few ob.
✓evivalism, in moving for the papers. of which he had
given artier, became he wadrrarood that them
was another *abject reaniag on this night which wimp
likely to weepy • einisidetable space of time, sod,
as there wee to be no objectioo offered to the pore
, demon of the popery. lie would therefore corneas ,
himself with **ply moraig, thee. there lie laid, be*
hire the Homo ilia memo. of all Ike halimeeo•C
' politic. tisane! left *AO bawds or the Beak ditsllol.
. particular pais& of: the year, together with as...
meats, of the charges allowed to the Bank foe iti. •
. mareageseest of the pekoe debt...-Ordered.
UNIX ItRU*7llll,
Mr. fillitsosis sisoiella rionoiliog to. notice* diet
the Mast shard tersiaore moles hurl! into •
Cassaiitier, to eireedler aa Act relmise to ,bar
Borodito on British souk high Limo,.
TIM Caisson** of V* EICIIMIVin inmed
lb, Purim* sliltalims
Mr. Alumnae:lr ormaphiaed
halt otfautwill ipseadiscoreueo, I
Irma will. ii Rion - Hem Goat
agarill Slut seredijsielliao aknimill
hasresiel be illillikalk oe Illoi-
P'1146". 4 OA !PO er
laiiiiii iik. Om otigra a
Sipa ettatislitsif Si& ill'
• Womb othilb• IWO* a-- .
Bram mold not stingier.

WaS ettntiorilerf, Oste vIN re 0111 I,trowfirrin;
Priebe 8011. !to leo* finersiron nor ifielorled in se
than the mellow a employing the greater pot of
die Familiarise ril Bodland. By shy Union, thaw
minds, aro to
shirr hen. piety", with wooed to the
boottlirt ow the arrow footiog os Ireinetil and Eug.
Lena. As to the propriety orf hoonfier, whenever
that flotation Amalfi be agitated. he orrold he pyre
pitted in rowel it ton the filift4 Wier"; fottiong. At
preens/ ire contended for the treereastty tA efroakeurg
tiome bosotka.
Mr. itosisgoN affewitrea that tittle bad been on
agreement na to the outirralnewtal or the. 6,11. lie
thought the lion. Member "irretsiit'stre, us tlw
linvotwo hod ow expire toll the 45th March, 1811.
!le hid hot pleilge loonerlf losuppoit the 8011.
The CtihrtfELP.olll of the Excuse/ImA agreed to
withdraw his Illbotiott, sit drove w 4► an agreement
with the liar, Member to ollew the Bill in be
brought in.
Mr. MawaittY replied.

T►tySvthui* she', Fretted the Fortiori/of of the
diteu.vion No iiwy Nut oreotred ; rod the previous
qnrstion woo ollemerl to be withdrawn.
Tire original motion woo thew contra.
Mr. Ma VERILY wowed am instruction to tit? Cont.•
winter, oiluiviug them to consider the proptrety of
imposing r slaty ou Foreign Lutes-Ism whew sow,
ported.
Lord MELTON thrrogfit this was ►rwe.lling too fir..
in o wtroonte which had bee* alluord to pew with..
trot oftwormtoo.

Mr. F. 1i011,1110% 11,01/101, it was imitator to
proceed totraedtately to as, tort action of meth OD.
portant-, to a Committee "Inch Intl, been granted
without dieenstion ; ot any rate the instraetion mold
not pews entire/int debate.
Alr.'ristlissv /maintained that as the isdrudifir
sires PM peremptory. it wee perfectly in eggfer
move it as won as the Comtaitt►r wire appotated.
lie avert', however. that it (veld root be freed
from direustion we►ely because the COMOVICWW WV/0
allowed withoot it.
Mr. BARKED and Sir J. NEWPORT mid a few
WWI& each.

tHattrittY replied, end intimated Chet s.
he was in miler, he would take the sum of the
Home num) it.
The Sesscuu, without reference to the seen-
went, en either aide. doubted whether it would
he agree's% frobatanirelly with the him. sf the
Hoary to move the instruction then, while it
was positively contrary to those forms to allow the
Committee to sit on the same day on which it we*
appended. lie thought it would he e gofer commie
to give notice of the instructions which might he
'nevoid, previous to the Order or the they fur re-
solving the House into Committer.
Mr. MAMMY end the Sersues explained.
Mr. TIMM'S 1111 r recommendo:d Ins Floe. Friend to
seeede to she Sprskeee soggeortims.
Mr. 1111AUSLIr 1111111 gave notice of the isetese.
don for t•-morrow. _ _

Sir Joon Newrowr pot • question to Lewd
Castlereagh, for the purpose ef receiving an emplm
motion of hi. Lordship's remark ed yesterdey, re-
lative to the Commuion, mrpointed to examine
into the sAlira of the Irish Courts. It wield bp
very opecemem, be observed, to remove all doable no
the subject.
Lord CASTLEREAGH mode some reply which woo
not clearly ',edible.
AP= ELL.
Lard CariLititoon rose to ewer few the fintlete
coutimetim of the Act which had poised two years
ago; and in molting the attention of the Home to
a en bject which was now agitated for the lastly Mote,
it would ustmally be his Molt not to trot*, thew
Hawse with witch organ/mot spew it. He hadlim.
tended to limit his observation, to • name! mown
press, and merely 'mere himself to mower mop
that might elite in the d'acmosien. He would if.
deed hove been my brief, but esiewhieshoir
that the gallant officer opposite, and sane other
Membere, intended to oppose it in debate. he
felt it memory to go into some of the ergo-
wets which, in his mind, rendered the renewal of
the Act necemary. Thine pennies hood • very just
, right sly to oppose the Am, es they bed also to eser.
It* she it'll/soy which was inherent Pi the conitti-
Motown toward* any Act inepooting powers of meets
ti e notary. Bet whatever grounds wear to be urged
ageonost the messore, they nese sat ground* form.
eat by soy obese* which could be pleaded. le
fact, the was which heel been removed sin-
, der iloot Act were as smell, the they wowed rather
hem we argosies, in favour of repealing the Act,
r op scream of its oppress melenneve, Bet Ifoi-
ofrettalete Member* mid recollect, thee the pio io.
city of withers would by no mom prove the Pm
eionilimorm of the donee to be dreaded, wed
which 'he Act was intended to gown/ maim,
It herd worst probably the arm. el itself, of keep-
Ow a greet somber .f pentane oat of the king.
p dm, who mole otherwise let Weird *beet EMI.
!km misebief in these redo.. The goeseimo far
li tariormeas was est, whether owl of 25000 skein,
generally resident in the spoiSiber7sineg the pence,
so few were removed an tlw dolt the hens
melee ; bet if, whew with if Were potent,
few of therm having etny iiiirweent or intemning
• hmesess ow hoed, though wee of thews were an
erewpied No to excite satirise. it meld be well
to home the Exegetic, wothent any proper control
ewer them lie appeased of the healget •plit of
pgagbopo Mom which allowed ref/me to prows who
had been pawned. whew they had esowiiitted so
r effewer swami this oweitip Bet meld they
is the premed ewe of Earepe end ef this CHM.
try take as high a principle ? Illawebeco week'
'salient, expect from him to develspeowist of the
i lutormmtime which the Government hod in its
psoressise • ham he would pot it to them if
they amid me suggest to their arms Meld* she
possibility of foseigoero lerkieg I. this aiwiosoy
i f-r the poopoloret ifiderloieg too inkwell Wes.
vines, I it, mow fop the prevention of any
illoeit otatiolgo la diewolla the pommel the emir
-s shot slur. Aet - - neeemmy. lie Immo that

ieg frogs le:, Mote to apeiher. except towhee
for ire/loos vigilame el the polite. Foreigewre
dirriag Ow oar were treated es empeeted per.
itiores, purl orgirt be sent any ee 0000 irir they
*hewed tlw iilryintem disidreefiroce to the Eseestive,
or gam any ream few mripieion. fist the 0011111101 Pi
the wee ee4oelt, the pokey of the aemoore was
elienged ; they were Pia WIWI (reefed we emperted
tierrome. hut Whored to go wherever they wished,
with only m.e prat'. ion, at otitlnig MOM elf depert
tare at the Outs they were about Is leave, sand or
fisqr nrrtv.l at the plot: to winch they re.
arved. All the I.tio wife and Wean'', *dud)
the freedom of She Eteeliels limo Itbovred to
mongers were sell) termed to nom. it was only
when they oppeored to desert" roopieion that Posey
were sewewrest. If that one policy which hod here
before en enrferrioly adopied were Ate Omagh. tee•
ress.ry in fSES, tiro lislhe Would toady siegetot to
hoed time eitranntofteini hod rat so theneed es to
make :any sittratieup requisite. Thweigh mot es.
(edge': in fnreigo oar, we hod • species of in.
tenni war. which required reorcely lees vigil.
pince. &eine had passed of late which most
uwAken • essweietiao shot beetsbsie• were coming
ear, 1/1•1101 ant ',pew)), , Perksfo were °Plum"'
rally and nriveltiemesely, open( all the alto avid
inetitotioes of the eowatry, than any that they
were es pored to by foreign "Par. Bat it sleight be
inked, what hod Me mimilest sedition* and sreweelo,
proved of late to have mined by dm came of
law, and punished itectedingly, to do with for.
reign'', fettling in theme donneime ? If it mold
lie 'impound or believed that foreigners weer rid
attempt to disturb the trairgwillity of the mere.
tries that *behind therm, timer mold sod sever
would plot spinet the State* which insuaketely
protected them, and bed mover brew is airplay
tanegled with the tremor* designed spinet the gas.
'eminent wader which they resided, the ergimeast
would he gond for something. But he thought it
mot difficult to taste the dreamt of foreign Drama
into the acre titely attempted or evotewsploted ;
and, to do the disaffected justice, he molly
thought that the eueuwg ram of traitor. were
not at all degenerated from their preoleraimm--
They were to the foll se teowoorel sad as deem.
minutely opposed to oft the religion" end bemuse
prtiveipho of beam satire, as say of those why
tiouriarted at the period of the Frew,. Revishrlia.
Whew monk' hod been proposed es owe of the
immures of a late compirary, there mold he a
mina ta doubt that met) • confederacy might haw
a foreign emersion. lie did not shish he wag
asking moth from the eredeili ty of the (loose, whew
he required them to believe thee these woo a men-
tire necemity for the continuance of the Bill.
tie nest adverted to the danger of memprommeg
the dignity of the State. mid engaging it iti it r 4)
reign war by Miming this hied to be eseevened late
• theatre so prepare rompiniene and trainee
against other Mani. Really he cool,' not row.
axle, that it woo too wads ter ask shit the so.
amigo power of the Some should be Miami to
seed sway et its pleseore foreigners who were
' empeeted of being hostile to its interests,-
- Semis a power me imeidemal to the nierereipty of
every State; mod in our matitutia where maid
r it reside with propriety bat io the Etreutiee ?.-
Wit did at reside there, foreigneve might le taw
imParies prolong their obey to • Apogean dooollaph.
If soy owe disputed thie doctrine, it amid soli be
an the principle shot the power of rearming sheet
was sot immiental to the sovereignty of • State, WV
woo mily imported to the sewage, by law. loopy
position to the argamstrit, his Lordship underlie!
to quote the greatest legal sothoritiar. Blotto
star bed said, that it was eireepemet to the Ciao
$0 ream nomeeted alien* at its plenum. Some
of the highs living imilierines were an math is
*we 4 shot jedgesesse. The lee Lord Chief
&Mice held the same opionea, we did oho the
prevent Lard Chamber. The Bill woo ewe of
modification sad regolmiats, rather thee am which
'pm, the power ; for, so he hod before .)served,
'the high siothatito to which he hod .Nutted
' hod decided that the power weir Mimed is the
Cream. lie would appal to the Ham whether,
in the executive of the powers immoted to them,
:ay grins of opprersims amid he. laced to the
• Hatemillim Goverment's ' Os the grow he had
mad, be should thresher move that here be
;rem to being in • Bib he (wither esediaionrg as
Act of the 56th of Psi late Majesty, mamas
Alines *tieing in this many.
Sir IL Wiwi's vat, he Straw it woe woe& to
oppose • Bill is thin siege of it, Ira he did in de-
liberately, the mere eintartly to mark his tifirop-
probitioss of the vomeare, is which he mead he
should be append by may Grutleusew im that
Resat.-(1/aw, kear.)—k did see signify whet the
Noble Lead void obese Swish objects s.d interest,;
gig prang out of lOD, both lamiguem ad ao.
teem, amid amide" it so praise; out of the Cow•
pees of Yana, and iambi to anabhols am mi-
ke= system of pollee thaw/Oat Zap. as that
page *female; that Adasee, milled Rely, hot
*kb he would always cull Cirkely, aright be pm.
Miami gimping from its porseemettas. Them leers
midi some he ereemallward which itoopesperd she
I Fomeinsion, and be malt opt Ira reseeselors Met
is woo ogee the boost of lliogslomoi that the rights, she
ioterreto,ead liberties of foreigner, were rousolemd
cep ,reeved or owe ens. Tie NtsMe Lord Irma nfiverd
' to Blarketait area Lima Elleobsomegh -. hot beisid
L Prnigivii wish a. for liwater "1"1"7* ha °Ng.
deal of Love Coke, who, w matommitias wpm drap.
...d. if the Gait Chimer which plOlll/04 10/14
ahem menthate dada ham free erase Wok sogprisi
L bird said Soo the pewter to send *bail Mb a 'the
;,.hew resided in the rest Cased of the aim.
: ferOselked to tie err* embhipoll am the Cato.
Nieto thej wooki find eat Want*, sod Spas am
ntemilfiwg their pnismilenl.-asid the hoer, inekall
!of peremiss; the admiesisie of heiggoas, had posed
a law he 661166/00r their may, by rag to theta
.11 the risks se eitistne. it boa beme said by the
1:Boblo Lord shot thaw Pak bees on alone; We
`ll.d. she Haw Isorsemilie. ow a( Gyorinsi '
• -.11.. seised' ' • INA, mewl.

law a Awewee fa tfor Fire:4rl einpartnwirt Aso Ass
aniivolnql shanlA snit kn./ liis eitaishon
Theo Lardy ow forced sway, with ay intent in if
state, was remind its the Netherlawde by
sof the King, in a Ittootoi beliftprof IM KS Owl
siterstinn ; end this tendert he Ihrowsdo twirbseted
mai tfOgnirefally One this Oviroary, Another
sursistrre war of an afters of limb mirk, *ha
cone ea this rwstrory is a vessel front ?inspire ; WV.
ination was stern 'twit a. owns se the ganiranease
'spired tw wont drriot. In thio cope sntsreessiail
was wade at the IsrrigrnOiScs, and Pewee ntowinei-
foe w mono h's stay, whtefi s wonted this dionractrisloof
in6nolinti to rtitott is het stn enowtry piserine
the reversal of a sentence peinn-t on hqn su hits
Owner. The H.w. fillrowlor wilowird assofiee
instance of rodent eporshact on ale pot of no snott..
tidos, For tool before wirromoord, and recd. dna
awanithcalawbag whet the NiAl. I.rwsl rfh•
he knew of new instigation) whop • *46 at*. v., finer
thiereavary on the interferes*. o f w byre tufo snows.
it was foe w patitrad wilreter, hr lartievetf * lase 1
One evil enrwerywerree a this member* wwsi,l ire.
that .they eon Ines etinsidening al OP • NOesimnr sI
arorsayance awsoial retainste, and this with srepect M.
the kitivicont of the Netherlands war aetaelle the
etser.e.fav be knew ad an why ores rsioassi
welssittawee wittiest a poisspart intin the Net&
Loe% (Caetterevigh) s*.t He petered ore Le
which ire was 'beget/ W. 7e. 6d., wad ew
Minn he expostulated with the Colossi in Orr rat
at which Ihe boded, oho is reply isforased bon
that she Alien Ism impeded she femora's* I. Rog -
food, sal, therefore, molar isaneshntente wino he
aspersed in reran,. When the Edict of Naos mss
teetilted, 40,600 fareigwers come lota this reentry,
yet an Alien Belt ass then thanks isscssieiry.
ttiw Art England was deprived of the is &tour -
ter the bawl assiotained fee bewpitality, wool :3poira
inn became the refuge of the peewees it. Although
be had so Imre* el esteteeirrtg, it way his 1110r1WPITO
10 divide the Howe ow Ibis gowns's, pet estiorg Ise
siantbers art the thrisinn, bttl foottew Pt the p..pla
of England and Ewers. that there weir snow
who eonsidered it as as Anti.Entish and Awl #-
Earypeeta wortonne.

M. BUMP WALL fire narfevenorrj rye* sot-
der the geikty. 1,114 for mate time i• 0.. w Inw $
knee he dionottly hewed Iry as. Ile remodel. Re
Ifewer, that I* 1715, Afore Wilt evrvertont
Commernal if f,, a 11r11
Ibis *strip ion, i 1 mem be soithoosot rm.y referents.
to Ore eloarsever of the exieting Gromramerst oho
were to wheats stet it. It was not his intention to
go into the Ise eft* winner. ; hest in inis sisor or
might to be, ennsidereil woe se • prewriwo of oc.•••-
sorrel ymhey. lie would appeal to Hay. Gres, b-
orers who he bee,, travelling Armed. of they hut
use freeprestly Word the emorriry ortxteatovel au
Ornmet erf passing the Ahem 15.11; mad ere h.ge..l
the Home to emovieles, this in serpoonsaisg this
swesoirre they ors. 45,4ven persmoo,
tro-
habitante sof this reenvoy, in r levee of slavery.
He tem sorry to he obliged he Arffer with it, Nettie
Lord, but he felt it his tiny u. arse hito almostosor
to the vneweere sod meld sot but *SA thus is it
woo net intended the anCOMPCV *soli) hr perrattwent,
ire esseetved the year 11151, woo w ferivarable ler
ilmesorintring it sr soy future year Irmohl be.—
(Here, hewn/
The Souctwers-Gewesai, rid, the 'pi* there 1194
bees the whom which the pliant Genera thomen,
they nosh' eerteinly fatsseltewt regosorms pew net
the remind of the toesrate. It weirtil he rer.m.i.
befell then the whole of the statement* ~tarts by
the Gallant General tomiglit, relative to one of
thine alleged shows, emirs before the Hoene in a
Petition presorimed by the Hon. blerribrr lor
snel the whole a throe eitoretberote were rha-
lbortly enntrarfreted by Gentlemen ay. th.r .ifs,
of the Hear.-(Cries tf Hew, hoer. 10we.).-
If those allegories, word hove New smegypenevi, it
world have hero the .tidy of throve who brought
them forworrd to hoer mowed fees Coswantre, Dist
'they
chow to strode', the etswort, slid if WA* spite
esidevoi from that the they thank, the eller -mom
' stitemble lie knew the (Mimi Gnaws/ had mot -
ten • dement, to e prelim on Harwich, io whirrs
v 5...,. tprestion• were port or to the orriirstenz
of Gemente Gawped. tech so.. mrs tookee
he-
fsre • idogiverste, sod might my perm/. loose
' seem to hues ? to *lath mower. erre giver. in the
• olfwmwetivr. Other trintitisot were per. rite so-
, wens to which 'hewed that the ttriniaritt •f
Gettersl Gootpud bud been prefeerly preps,.
amid met import, the re/trims dweetpsimitinio
1•11 biome to the esltartt Geweinile but whet, the be-
rtestoo wart haste the Uaw e. he esold not
smirsit bra of went of ettistinie is coseraticig
the proceeding, he bed robes. The emortiscx
implored I. the ionfroidwooll aveittiorenrel by the gmtliti,t
Gesm•P, woo @web to from his borowledge of dux
Gentlemen, he would his tie hweetelowe in wpm.
awe vottedy faire mod ssfewittled. stud she he Owl
bee. most evetoly lifiell/ed is the Petition'', to w Nth
he hod ollweed. The violence whit* hod been
exercised is terwrimig thy pawn ef. Gear& Gene.
peal, woo on wane the low own motion reserved
isemeistry fee that pnwysse. Watt respect to
the *thee issesseen quoted by the igodsim &-
arm?, they hod ass bees before the Mae ;
but he pledged himself to give a furl sod ewer
pier, mower oodles, if the HoovettroAte Ilierober
wwwhil being it Ware idtem by • disemet ramoino.
/be surgestesso wf the galient Gemini ow gone
improvisational with irielf; for he wooed she thio sea•
Mow towsked front the Hasty Antimwr, to which' we
Alamo soorms,Plee oboist Framer, sr* mho pinto..
Wind adopted it. He Imeld not ogee, IWgely
bile the best view ri the ersolovison, het tw +OOl4
mist Mow was power was ~i•re inf the smewws its.ll
smiesehitrie ipterrestrwr of the ereeni, sod the
sari soot ftedwe Me Star ma. s stem
of ie.-4/1/min law.)-Prew PerkWil tee yews. Wilt
ifferodbativ or Sing Wiliam. one psalm had *sib
estarlord. H. Ors** thee o*toollaist Ontemiltadi
"1"1411,* ha* Wfre"elltrint.tibeitilligalrunw stell4.lini7ltliedistaluralloivitatothliew:77sibi•"".
eilisswo

I

I'

ssi 1110 the. An woo '"""nri- 11. to An . W*lll
Mk HMI 001,01113. I.llt Amt 4 Gnawii Use*. door lad Ulm sarbjecs re *wire oat eihitiairilky ,
Weed of dap assow. NW she. ski orgesmeat weak, be yet ap, tint *am saiallo. elemed le hee• bee. wok elk beo pow* lake*
,aedbaleele% seal it wee es awe. *MN &W hose
••w
pe, Inegiple h bid mu.. Ire cield be se reeereavy fee this Act slam Ow aieer et r De boil epipp..lnd, beet Aso * wee ban* the peasegeber. of ihr Ciews. thuitilier ei.iiiiir
lb faegibleasar. and iews° ki noisitione. 4 ll* ow; WA Mot eoramell het mil healighe Se lam' dashed to r bik.filial Wane ! elm meteaheevet, wed 1111aelmeee bed ba
shwas glhispoApsi, lee tlaqk bpeta yaka ivied weeoseelkee bOw Pialieseau : elloCanseell. sad nee Whew • Alitsiorbee, 'fib e ebe very paleasea. Thai ilw the
SO; •
IP VMS °lf °l.4_ i IP* IA NO. Pl' *Pat *ln' 4•1"1 the 108.6 ' nol***Wwcesowoola slew Weibeeesditaa ewe 4.lkie s sad aneeepl lee. se iretdao• let . '.' . '
RI. tasift or* opuaphyt. , bpi( shr. Nimitviat I*l6 wbkolo a 410 mi *mot eamest flimitiookes% yltsPert. ore** We , Icowee4; oreepoieed iter Mit4!:110 'VW* iiii illi
eir, the. alt; beef * wee le, Mil ell eh. ma, tot!? ',pet is, In* fillbt .ma sidiedi sir ; , WieStre i .4...41* iptarak, 0 eiii TikaaljperiaksiC 'Nis
7
i stafahllVvreir net Iv !mit Tibil!Pliblj .4,40 t.. AAIPIVIII. darn. Ow libi imp Mi. we* ' .*be isiTivir paivermit figiA, ineoripliMpepiars• '
or sidiat • ..41/14 Illif 114 Itpepeepi, mole. ferefrermfarer 4111.10p0 . • iddbri * WM, i am** lAN' Vfoeeigje IrrogoWP ow oW ...11111b—likieAri-;
iv: hir ' oiw,i. la *t pens, sr fietims um the lofter, we ream. INA Aar di Ilbe Mier Wilde beil egemepewel, it iremeineaL Oet el thread** tawnwee. resabag
•
• .
