art re
0 Alls. •
44
j• ot
...
itj
tiIEArR zs.
-....- ,
ita
Ilr .
natibir-1.4/411.
Last night. after she comedy of Wild Oats,
which went off with the accustomed eclat, little
CLARA FISHRIL made her first appearance at
this theatre, and was houour•-d with a most flat-
tering reception. Her appearance has lost none
i
tsinterest, nor her acting one particle of
fascination during her rural excursions. The
part 'elected for her was Little Pickle, in The
Spoil d Child, • character peculiarly adapted to
the display of her extraordinary powers. With the
volatility and richness of youth, some traits of its - _
fonothem and rensibtlity are blended, which she Ni)
delineated with mussing fidelity. It has been often --......
remarked that age disappoints the promises of it has
premature talents; but, in the instance of Miss !omit
FISHEII. there seeing to be little ground for such smug
apprehensions, for it can hardly be supposed that witho
even the highest perfection of art bloom could
enable her to produce such poweeful impressions. IE El
There are a thousand nameless charms in acting Los
which art can never confer, and which bear the ',PP"
n be I
faithful impress of natural endowments. Such are
meet,
the characters which mark the performance of this me as
dramatic prodigy. She may justly, then. be canal- 4 woe
dried an accession to the strength of this company, te, or e
Other stars may be more hrilliesit in their course : pl. asei
nears certathly, can excite wore delight and amaze.. e
rope
meat.
)f my I
COVENT-GARDEN. it will
Ls,t night was produced at this theatre the long. a him
petiiiiiiwd new opera. entitled Maid Marian, ass Las Co
I with The Huntress gl' .4tlingfard, "founded," to use
'red mss the worthier " the Atlapter"...4• principally on the • has be
incidents, portly, and dialogue of a very beautiful letter.
Ole nose!, so named, by tier Author of Hend/oNg se are,
Hall. Toe popularity of doe novel, and the still de cat
greater popularity of the collection of ballads, toil-
inn tall
id li,
Im.Bo6in Hood's Garland, and KITSON'S collection o beao shl
44464 and legeoda concerning " Robin Rood coition
Mid, bts Merrie Men," from which the story of the I for lb
00Vel is compiled. relieve ns fruit. the necessity of de. altars.
Milting the plot at any length. The incidents of the
1, i trees
int C
bevel which have been preserved by the dramatist, it, asp!
See, the interraption of the marriage ceremony, by
the attempt to seize the Far/ of Ilaintingdoss; the !that a i
adventure of Sit Williams of the Lee; Gingivae!! had at I
Feast; the destructioil of Arlingfird Castle; the
ter, 1 at
introduction of the Baron Fitzwater and his
i—anattu
daughter Matilda to the Outlaws, and the latter's tat Bert
change of mithe to " Maid Mesa ion:" the adven- riginal I
titre of "Mario*" with Richard taut. de Lion, and that foi
i
the scene with the latter in the bower of Robin Hood, t time, I
1., ruder
With these are incorporated Prince John's attempt one to a
on the life of his brother liichard, and his bellow' me; sod,
at Nottingham Castle, from the novel of Ivanhoe. co, pub'
The omission of the latter, eod a closer adherence oat Bert
to the novel which gives name to the piece, by the e stated I
as ant jar
introduction of some of the adventures of Nubia rave bees
Hood and Maid Marian, would certainly have tit- tore that
creased the spirit and tivereat of the piece, which, book ml
as, it now Conde, is considerably too long, nod in r for the
some parts, particularly of the third act, exceedingly reds, wet
lon shoal
/14119'...Thq tll4/11if, by Mr. Bishop, can by no meatio Tbis dr
be clamed with the happiest of that gentleman's pleasure 1
efforta; it abounds in, bighly.labeered. pemages. .
1 with here and there some pleasing toechear lows or in he,
•ilsedieur i
1 curitatiss nothing grand or striking;
BAi
beyood prettiness—never moving the passions of
tiacihng the feelings. ha quantity it was eacessivit,
A REnelleritit.—lllfitite NAPOLROM GeV yet a
and quote overburdened the piece ; the wigs being •
subaltern in the army, a Hussiau officer. with much
too mans, and the concerted pieces much too, ung.
selfasulficieticy, remarked, " that his country fought
Of the former, " The love that followr fair," mid
" Let at seek the yellow shore," were cha •
sayi for glory, atm the French for gain."—•• You are
gyro) by bliss M. Tass, owl her admirable ext. j perfectly right." answered 1114POLEON. " fur every
one fights for that which he does not po ."
elation of • breveted' of very difficult construction,
in the third act, excited the highest admiration and At the battle of Trafalgar, a sailor, whose leg
gentled her uncommon applause. A bong, 4. The was blown off by a cannon-halt, coolly observed us
slender beech and the stapling oak," and a ballad. • Lieutenant, who was standing near him, in allu.
"Oh ! well do I remember," were pleasingly rung I sion to ht penmen, that unluckily it was only a J TIIII FUNDS.—The reports yesterday of • pro.
by Mr. PEARN•II. 'Else concerto, which deserved shilling touch, but that if it had been one inch I bable war between France and Spain have pro.
and excited the greatest attention and applause, I higher, it would have been an eighteen-peony one. 1 duced the effect as under, but the general opt.
were the Opening quartets ; a duet, " t once t 41' title tune of his comrades was carps% hum to the Mon appears to be that no war will actually take
hither, 114 little fool paw by Miss M. TREE Cock-pit, the wounded tar requested his messrnate I piece. Consuls for Account, 791 79i; Ditto for
mid Master Lol4o'll4oll' ; and the glee acid chorus, to look for his leg, and take the silver buckle out Money, 79111; Bank Stock, 2441; Reduced,
l' The red, red wine," in the banquet scene.— of lila shoe, Observing, that he would do us much for 7811; 95 per Cents. nOU •, 4 per Cents. 9615;
They are pretty, mad were well sung ; but they I him *Nolksr time. New do. 1001 995 tool ; India Bonds, 23 35 :
are palpable imitations, not merely of other con. At an auction in Somersetshire, the lovers of Long Anti. Voi ; Ex. Bills, par, 3pr ; Small
positions. hut, what is still worse, of some of Mr. verti were attracted by • carious display of aliment ditto, 46. Foreigu Stocks ; New Spautsh, 50 53
KISIrOP'S former cork,. medals nod antique armour. Among the erticlea 44 43 52i 53.
The new scenery produced •on the occasion, of
the rivalry of the amateurs, mud occasioned n warm Pafiwyea, arrived from Batavia, dated Noevens-
of its kind that had ever before been exhibited. competition, The knight of the hammer, after bee il9 t—er About three weeks ago, in lat. 24. and
The exertions of the performers in general were remarking on the beauty of the workininiallip, stud S.W. of the Azores, we were surprised by • report
well put forth, and liberally applauded. The I the high state of preservation of this valuable relic from our mast head of a fleet to windward : when
a. lion-hesitegi" Richard was well personated by of antiquity, declared to his euditors that the hel.
visible from the deck I pronounced it Spanish, and
Mr. T. P. COMER ; the testy, self-willed old Berms met had beloriged to one Rontmus, a fart nder at a few hours allergist& was informed of the dirplav
Fitswater, was well I.ourtrayeal by Mr,W. FA KRIM ; Rome. but whether • brass founder or an iron. of the Castilian flag front a frigate which ranged
the jovial. carolling, csrou.ing. and cudgel-playing founder, he could not positively say.
alongside, fully prepared for action i on the
Pone Turk, found en excellent representative in Protium and Co. No. 1, Corolla!, announce to usual hail and reply being gone through, we
Mr. C. K'ling ; and the character of Ludy Ma- the Public, that notwithstanding argent! Thoosaid escertsined her to be the Constitution Spanish fri-
tilde, or Maid Marion, frank, blithe, aid merry, Numbers hare beep drawo, very few of the capitals have gate, which had steiled for protection of a convoy,
yet gentle, affectionate, and gracefully feminine o ine, started;
p,. or;
dtbsint
AthieJLV%;hherell even
nnesusrocer
2notaia;ilo7lCapisial
towards the rear of which our cruise led us. It
embodied by aa411"5,0' suutl.7 .„,ig.ssy of theserles'ill most peOhabl; be6.draw;
was finely conceived, and effectively consisted of seven yawls, and ••ppeared steering
• Mis. M. Tags. the Fourth Day, NEXT FRIDAY (6thuf December), fur for Cuba, or some place in that direction."
falling
The of the cogent was followed by long. smarty 4,000 Mounters are to he drawn on that Day, and uo
MAIL TO PERTM DINECT.-,WE are happy to be
coutiaued plaudits, and the piece was announced Prise whatever is fled, but all Bootleg. The Reader of this
able to. anno.UnCe tu our commercial readers, that
less sufficient splice to wink, of them, by purchasing some I for rrpevition without a 'tingle dissentieut voice, from
of the Warranted Undress Tickets and Shares which aro every thing is now satisfactorily imanged regarding
an excerdiugly crowded audience. now on sale by PIDDING and C 9. at the Lucky Comer. i the mooing a mail-coach direct from Glasgow to
COBURQ. Nu. I, coothin. Perth. The contractors here received notice yea-
The spectacle of Edward the Black Prince has Good pork was sold in Penzance market last terday to hold themselves prepared to commence
here soccerded at this Theatre by a splendid piece, i week at lid. a pound. This will out he the case running at • day', notice. The mail is to leave this
untitled trance, of which the following et PO after the Ist of .lintuary, when the reduction in the I fur Perth at eight, p.m. and boon Perth fur this
outlaw :
salt duty will take place. at seven, a.m. The lime occupied in running the
Tire Marqois de Faure:or (Ronbotham), • French Noble
of the first rack, who, having heroine • victim to swindler.,On Saturday eveninglast, while the family were I distance is calculated at eight hours, by which
retires to his patrimonial estate with his lady and infant sun, at dinner, certain during villains entered the hall I means the letters from Perth will reach Glasgow at
with ruined fortune, and a tormented 'shad. His old and I window of Mr. STRICKLAND'S house, in Clarice,. three p. m. By this conveyance the lush letters
favourite valets Le Ni,.t (Hustle!), follows the fortunes of street, and stole therefrom several articles of wear. mud intelligence will reach the N.E. coast of Scut.
his master ; bat, having imbibed habits of gaming himself, hag
apparel.
!sad • day sooner then by Edinburgh, owing to the
'annul lorialt his mind to the deprivations to which the Mar-
OW the night of Saturday, the gd ult. Vl'itti Ali detention of the high mods for Edinburgh at Daum
qui.'a tirruniscribed forttines have reduced Aim. Having
bren diapaieired nu • • journey for la. master, wrapped in Toougp, the under-keeper of Broomy Watt, in fried.—/Glasgow Courier.)
the Marquis's cloak, lee mete with • Connitigratro des l the New Forest, mid his man, when 111 the discharge Da4TO BY • BULL !--.-An inquest was held, on
Profit da Hai travellitie to Pans with • large aim beiges- of their duty, were violently attacked by four men. . one of the
Thursda last
y bE. , y H. PHILLIPS E , i.q
ing to the King. . treasures.l'ell'Etell by the hope of rem- armed with poles, and severely beaten. A reward C oronersthe count for yof Monmouth. in the parish
velins his own fortune, he adopts the desperate resolve to
of fifty guineas, and • free patriot) to any accom.
murder the C'utamissioner NW/ plunder him of his Ireton's...., of Lanover, on view of the body of WILLIAM
The murderer escapes and readies his master's house, to plice• •are offered in last night's Geserte to any per, Hotszlir, who was killed by a bull, The deceased,
whom he Wags letter, Inhuming him of the bankruptcy or son who shall cause the couviction of the offenders. an aged man, observing hie neighbour's bull break
tine banker in whose hands the rairerable residue of the Mar. During the gate on Tuesday week, while one of into his ground, went to the field to drive hun out,
optias's Nowise was placed. The Marquis, distracted, rashes
the Leith atpack• was off' St. Abb's (-lead on her when the vicious *flitted instantly made towards
birth, wrapped in Ms cloak just thrown aside by Le Noir, aod
thee haploid is seled as the lawdeler, conveyed to the Con- voyage to Loodon, she was struck by a heavy sea, him, and, with his horns, inflicted a number of se-
amen?, and condemned to 4 u fter death. From this sitaa. which swept every thing moveable off the deck. were wounds, which produced almost instant death,
tips he iv rambled to escape by the heroism of the Marshio- The sailune, who saw the tremendous wave spa The infuriated beast woald have specked three
wen (M5...5W.14.y). who remains in his *tend. The escape proaching. clang to ropes and whatever they could young men, who ran to the assistance of the de.
is swat disespreied, slid pampa instituted. By a chats of
lay hold of; but a fine young lad, not swine of the ceased, had lie not been prevented by their dogs.
incidents Li NOW is placed is such a situation of anaemia*
that Iss, is arrested sad mo
•othis r. hi
, the 5r,1„,., mid ~.. danger, wait earl-m(10M by the *urge before leer could verdict—Accidentui Psnlh, The hyll fit jooe-
pistil of the inorder. Comeneen.sistak, he is ski* pests.. . wasp at au, tiling, and was Hohntunittrly drowned, diatefy slim, ~ . ~. .
•:-..,
_,.._/ -4- -:!.--..., • . ,
~. , . . . „.- . ...4•' ' it 5 11:).4
:5; -~- -.4 .--t: 4 '''.. 011,,,,ta ..,
e• • ••t• ~ -• i •ati. 1. \ : :t 'Pia'''. -,. •• 's
• • ~. • •e• ir ... ,'
. . 4.-rst 'T
4' J .N
'M. . . • 14, . ,
- ' - 4N.A• '..' - I. •.
►, * 4 `le ILI lbGen-1 41 •
.311 -4 :,A-12,k: : •,,. ti...for-„ 1..4.
• • • ..! ..,s ~.• -.-, -tub -lli •• a t e AIL. 1 *II?
.. ' . 1.•
, • '4'4‘, i •
ajot Fia ;1* •3 rle N.

Y

4' •
V .
i all 4-
t It.
$ I.* , ' •
It a - 4
ii; IL
441 It ..44 • it" ' . alleiv __co
v--
it
.460 444 *
,
i Aliti''' _
;It kgArrlcae, meimi
_.....,_.
igetAgiq stiogitilin g lei. salm's premed , PUMAS OP FRANC,
u. . ,
•usti"lliblift """ " arises? . 4" himself I" tiO CONSTI TUTIONA LIS rs OF SPAIN
ron
. I
the Deicers ofjoatice,• sohisvell from his unjust accuse.
lion by a variety of iatideets, and esperislly by the prodort wit
of the fragment of cloak torn of when oa the permits of [Faust • CORRIDIPONDENT.] . .
Le Noir.
The itcersery hv STANFIELD, end WILK tus his The rumour of a war between France and fipple has
ed estosidevable alarm, inieigled with ,sentlimems of
olaistent, is iDI. the moot superb description. treat
Sarlignallon, In the breast of every friend to the interests of
This magnificent piece, necessarily descriptive lasamsnity. That a spirit hostile to the spread of cis it and
of the manners and habits of our continental neigh- religions liberty exists among the French Ultra Royalists, is
hours, was followed by X most amusing exirava. a fart, which I lament to acknowledge, is too modest to be
gaits., called rive la &gate& .6 which is lull of dewiest ; nor do 4 question their gnomon's& to crush every
• ..'Fort of se enlightened prolate, attiring to extricate them-
entertaining characteristics of Pariaitiu lice in its in-
selves from the fetter, of slavery. We know too well. that,
finite varieties. in order to rouse the (aunty of these furs to human fiefdom<
it is only uecessary for a nation to assert its rights. Bat in
She constitution of hismsn affairs, it is wisely and beneeemilY
to ordered, that tills unsocial and maligieaut passions of
tarn are frequently counteracted by thole own 'stolid end
selfish feelings. The hood of the turbot is arrested by hi*
White of danger; resentment is repressed by the dread of
punishment; the ssaassin, while he thirsts fur the blood of
his victim, shrinks with the fear of detection and retsina-
tiuss Whatever, then, may be the hostility of the dumisaut
French party against the Spanish nation, there exists, we
hope, is the pretest critical coudition of France—in the
political seeliments of the more enlightened of the French
nation—its the friendly feelings prevalent mat only in I
England, but ou the Contiumit g Hy, towards the
Spanish Cuostitutieealists--and, above ell, in the fears of •
these Ultra-Royalists themselves', who, in case of Il
rupture with Spain, may well tremble fur their wan
safety. In these concurring circumstances there will be
fouled, we hope, restraimiti causes sufficiently powerful, if
these enemies to Spanish freedom are nut Infatuated, in teach '
them forbearance, and to repress their he•ebtY• They ea*
not fail I. be aware that there exiala to France, at the pre.
seat eaoment, a superabundance of inflammable (relies,
ready to explode. If there be a notion in Europe, by which
war, fur soy object, hut more especially for the detestable
purpose of crushing the rues glee u( a people struggling foe
freedom, is to be deprecated, that nation is France. Unless,;
therefore, we are to belie-trellis. I Arse I.' Itra.Rurkliata ire becdt
of their erase, and doomed by fate blindly to court their mem
destruction, mad Ilse subveision of the Bourbon dynasty, w
cameo. imagine, whatever may be their personal ampulla& I,
to the existence of civil and religious freedom, that they •
will be au mad as to precipitate an tweet which must ulti-
mately involve them, and the whole Bourbon family in irre-
mediable rine. Before they vetpure to send as army across
the Pyrenees, let them seriosely and deliberately inquire
whether they can rely on the fidelity of that army. Let them
NM he WO 'madden& that there subsists so sympathy of sen-
timent and feeling between the soldiery of France and the
Constitutionalists iu Spain. Let them palms and deliberate
before they pass the Rubicon.
It Is reported that the other leading Coniiiieulal Powers
have accorded to France • right or liberty to invade the
Spanish territory, and to dictate a Coastitution to tho Spaniel
natiou. If such be the ;set , yell may we exclaim, with an
eeriest orator, " Ultlttact gentians armor ?" Where is the
world are we? Have we relapsed to a stele of Gothic igiso.
ranee and slavish subjection? Are we, its the Ilitth century,
In recognize the absurd and barbarous maxim, that nations
were made for Kiogs, and nut Kings fur nations? Whence
have these Sovereigns derived their right to authorise the
King of France to lit loose the furies of Mar against as inde-
pendent people, flume/hum neither he nor they have received
any provocation, tsar are likely to suffer any injury ? What
law, human or divine, has invested flout with such preroga-
tive i Where is the maw who, in private life, would not re-
probate and resist such memon and unwarraatahle inter-
feteuce in his domestic eoucerns ? Nothing less than the
irresistible plea of personal safety to Ilse oar case, or national
security is the other, can justify mph a procedure. Is it nut
the rudest insult which can be orered to human reason, the
most flagrant violation of easn's indefeasible light's, to can-
sign as independent nation, because it dares to he free, to
the lawless domination of a furtive Rower? When a Roman
Pontiff, is the pleeliside of ecclesiastic arrogance, transferred
the crown of John and the kingdom of England to the do-
minion of a foreign state, be usurped a prerogative, which
the blindness of an age, besotted with superstition, was pre.
pared to allow, nay even to entente. The period of Papal
dominating has passed away; bet what avail. its dissolution,
if a polies, matiliaseliag and independent, is, at the will itat
say human being or beiags, how proudly server pre-noisiest
in rank or power, to be subjected to the cruel alternative of
either degrading servitude or desolating war! Well, if it
must be se, which we still doubt, let us pamestly watch the
issue. It requires not the eye of a prophet to foresee the
folly, the lumpily of Gallic toupse/s, and the triumph of
Spanish patriotism. Let the French Ministry then look to
themselves, and the approving Sovereigns blush for the
fatuity of their counsels, and the impotence of their arms.

COUNT BERTRAND and MM. O'MEARA.
Mr. Barry O'Meara has thus satisfactorily ex-
plained the letter of Count Bertrand in the French
Conesitutionnel. We suppose the Count could not
live in peace to France without supplying saute such
nothing.
TO THE EDITOR.
Loudon, November 30, 1822.
Ste—An article bowleg appeared iu your Jourewl, giving
• tienslatto• pm porting to be that of a letter from Count
Bertrand in the Constitadiewnel, and headed by a in•lement
that I And appealed to him as being • person who could
vouch fur the accuracy of a wink, lately nubli.lied by toe,
entitled Napokon fn tixihe, or a Voice from Nt. Helena.
request that yoe will be ph sued to give an early martini's
to the fallowing statement 1—
Tbe assertioe, that I have appealed to Celine Bertrand, to
vouch foe the “accoracy" of my work, is wholly lucurrert.
By a reference to my book, it will be seen that I have merely
stated that I could appeal to hint in continua with the other
executors, and to Count de Las Cases, as to the facilities Sir
communication which I had with Napuleou, and the floni-
Rarity with which he honoured me.
I must obterve, that there hw been n mistranslation of the
French of Count Bertrand's letter. The worth se the ori-
ental, now lying before me are, `i je exit esliermeme
etraayer a la paddication de eet imprisse ;" meaning.. I
had no hand in the publication lathe work." It is perfectly
trite that Count Bertrand had no hand in the publication of
my hook, and I am happy to he able to state what may be of
service to him in the negotiation which he is catrying on
with the French Government fur the payment of the mosey
bequeathed to him by Napoleon. As to that part of toy
work describing the ill.trealmeut inflicted spew his late mu-
ter, I have before me now. in Count Bertraad's Aiwa.
writing, • detailed statement, amply confirming the Narra-
tive in my book.
It is Immo to the public that • pretended tran.lation of
my work was lately published in Palls, called d•
same& Hamm; but, being partly mutilated, •nd partly fa.
hemmed w the grimmest manner, I myself twee drtionsiced it
es seri. in venue' Journals.—asnongst others in your Imo,
One should suppose that Count Bertrand must have alluded
to this work, and not to the original English edition, for that
wan sent by me to him more that four months ago, and was
beeu upon his table, about that lime, by a friend of mine. It
k not to he @opposed that he, understanding Engli.h very
well, would have delayed so long to 'contradict it, had he ye.
Reveal the contents to be untrue ; and, indeed, his letter refers
Is a book which he had Just mess, published for the find time.
It is perfectly true that Count Bertrand did won Auer the
the eontermation• which I have stated to have passed between
Napoleon and myself, as be was wed prueut ; woe have I its
my book 'travestied hint to have been. witness to any, be-
tween us three, consisting of more than • few words.

Every one who has read my book must !om perceived Na..
poleun's own personal voucher for the confidence with which
►a kowtowed me, and the credit with which be wishrd gay
communications respectiug him should be received by hie
and dearest relatives. This document is still in mp
possessitoos, s►d I will with pleasure show it to &ay perms
*he may wish to rekr to it.
have the boomer In he, dire
Your moat obedient humlote Servant,
BARR♦ E. O'MEARA

4 .

• . ~.
• : I

11►

. ..

.. i

Y~

`r~rrrr~

-AMP

sulficirtit reCurisies to • writ of replevin. It sp.
peered the Plaintiff was a broker, end had been
employed to levy in the hosier of a perwis imbrued
Magruth, iu Wrlbeck•street, the 'urn of 1113/. for
rent. The Plmisitilf took posseeision, rod rem
ed so for four cloys, whets Nlagreili replevied,
mud gave • replevin bond so she Shentb, ulnas Which
the Plaintiff relinquiened poeireetou. Toe sureties
were two indigo:fuels, named ftleberley and Halide,
The goods were, however, coodressed„ sod Scott
was celled upon to pay over the value, 701., to the
landkod, and on having recourse to the sureties
taken by the Sh. riff. th-y were found to be men of
straw. The Plaintiff now brought hie action on the
ground that the Sheriff, had not exercised proper
cantino, nor used doe diligence in inquiring into the
sufficiency of the 1)011.

Witnesses were called, who proved that for a long
time Mabeeley had been well kno•sii to be ember-
fussed in his circumstances and usi•ble to pay his
debts. and at the time he entered into the engage-
ment to the Sheriff, several writs were out against
him, Made, it uppeared, held a aituatiou in the
Custom-house, with a salary of gas. a week.
The Loan Crime JUSTICE summed tip the evi-
deuce, sod observed, that with regard to Mode, it
would be too enuili to say there were reasonable
ground* of suspicion ; but as much could not ba
said with respect to Msberlry, for had any inquiry
Breit made in his saridhbourhood, hitch ittlormanou
would have been g d as would have %hewed him to
he an embarrassed man. If the Sheriffs did not
exercise all reusomible care and caution iu taking
they must hr liable.
Verdict for Plaintiff—Damage*, 70/.; costs, dos.
THE gosh V. WHIT.
This WHO 1111 indictment against the Defendant.
a corn-chandler, living in Ilolholti, for an assault.
Mr. SEAILLETT staled the case to the Jury for the
Prewecution, and called—
Mr. Henry Offiry, who stated that he was ac..
quainted wiih the Defendant and dealt with him
for hay and .truu. On the 9th April last witness
went to the Deendant'a house to settle • bill. and
was *hewn into the hack parlour where the Defend..
sat was sitting. Witness told hum that lie wished
to have a proper bill and settle his account. for the
bill lie had received was not a proper one. Burs
said, " Why do you sot eu into the countirtphouss
and have it settled ?" Witness said, that was not
what lie wanted I he wanted a bill that lie could
shew to his partner, to prove that lie had not had
bonnets for his wife and children. The bill was
made out "To goods," without specifying the
articles. Witness added, "You said the price of
the corn should be qt.?. to which the Defendant
replied, " If I had had a glass or two more grog, I.
would kick your—e...." Witness coutinued to re-
monstrate with the Defendant on his conduct.
when he came up to him, seised him by the collar.
and pushed him out of door* under the feet of the
horses of • ha'cltney coach. Witnesses mouth was
eat mud bled. He got up sod greet to the door.
saying, " This is what I get for coming for my
eighth." Defendant then again seized witness and
held him with one hand whilst he struck him sear.,
rat blows on the body. Witness was so much hurt
that he walked with • slick for seven weeks after.,
wards. The Defendant is a powerful man, very.
much like Greaten), the borer.
Oil his crosssesaminution by Mr. Anosaws, the
!hoes. 'laid, he was not tipsy at the time; did not
double his fist or put himself ip • posture to fight.
and did not accuse the Defendant of belonging tv
the infernal Bridgeastreet gang,
Henry Jones examined.—Stated that lie is a p.n.
ter at the George and Blue Boars He saw Mr,
Burt push Mr. °they out of his house uoder a
hackney coach with so mach force that he fell oil
him. Burt is three times as heavy as Offiey. Mr.
Offiey said, " Is this what I get by coining to
de rights )" Burt made no reply, hut struck Mr.
Offtry • violent blow on the mouth, and vittnea•
saw the blood follow the blow.
Mr. Awl:maws addressed the Joey far the Dr..
feudant, and contended that tlw turbulent and out-
rageous conduct of the Plaintiff had drawn ou
self the cheetiaement which he had received.

Elizabeth Yap, the Defendant's maid-servant,
was examined. She remembered Mr. Offiey coin-
ing to her master's house; he was very much its-
toxicsied and extremely abusive. He complained .
of Ms bill, and Defendant told him if lie would Ku
away quietly he should have another; he however
continued his abuse, and called Mr. Burt a swind"
ler. Mr. Burt said, " You are drunk nod foul,sh.
come again when yon are sober, and I'll make all
right ;" but he went up to the table where the De-
fendant was silting at tee, and struck him. Ms.
Bust again desired he would leave the house or lie
should be obliged to turn him out. Offtey became
more abusive, and accused the Defendant of be-
longing to the Bridge...street g•ng ; upon which Mr.
Burt got up, took °they by she cost, and put hint
out, Ile then spin sat down to tea, and took
little hoy on his Lure, when Offiry again came
back and renewed his abuse. Mr. Burl *Kato
steed him to go, and observed, Off.ey, if I was
intoxicated as you are I altnuld have sent you acre.,
the road ten times before now." Mr. Offiry r- •
fused to go, and D4ei.dseit took him by the c...t.5•
and they Moth rustic.: through the 'greet door iok—
ther. Oftley returned a third tistie,uud by his alba.-
collected a crowd about the door,

J. Gerlike *lt •hoPmau to Burt on the gth A
p r . : .
and remembered Offtey coming to his niiihiet's
lion.e, and he appeared in * state of Intoxication.
The evidence of this wirueas corroborated the tes-
timony of the preceding witness,
Cruse-examined by Mr, Sp*autrr-As this piper
your hand-writing 2—lt iii„
you him told a very pretty story to.day. Now
which is true—the 'tory you wrote some lime Nee,
or that which you here-repeated to-day 111/01i oath >
--i can rafely sweur to the truth of whet $ Lase
said to-dry, . .
Then the written story is not true?--Nu; a
• ne•eoxiseni..
4ited : y Mr. ribft7W4774 Ufftry
grew% port of it is what 41r. Ofttey told ore ?
••
. . II
..
• v. , • 0,, •ti.i. %
." ' -•%. ' 'IIAI 1, • •
* I • • 'r:",..,

'0 4tr'.l
• 44
. A ,
P j

~ ~~~.

4*,

. .
. ,
I
\l-
ill '
A j 4.0 Tr .
l""lillillIllP-
I
• 0 1 - • .
. *.
I
LAW INT EL LK; EN t.' R. /i
•
COURT OF SING's BENCH. WRITMIXSTER.
Tlitili.LY, PECZNIUR 3.
.
!MOTT V. WAITUN AMy Esq. AND *Novicie.
' 1 to this action the nominal Delendants were lb*
it •
? '
late Sheriff!' of London and Mitldleree. but the •
. .
actual Drlendant was one of their officrr,, who t.
_ Amin—, neg.ectc— to tak•
had as alleged by the PI 111. I A
L* . ~
