. a
r'/

•
'awns
•
-s\ - • %
, 'tlifotoae, -•.‘
•
• 4.- ...A •
•• • m
IL,. ' (wet entitled - goo w' • QS* -. ' ; - . rlsllyabatructed, Ic the pre4eatimt of Haat
0 a . this co
- t ..•. ' at• he ~ to intereouise hy which ioaparisat aminoe • . 4i.•, I
4. • ope, bad . that, ~.L.
4., Is Might Ise sibtaleed 411 the one #A r, and the tn.
C- • • • the col°. • .
..,
.4
Keane.
' 'kr • : itio-' t 7.
: ~..419... • aegiben.eretelTioatefolidemiulit:iNimcesh°l.4niampittirauyn:drireenychilerlio.°l:4l, a(irlswdatna:::
. 4 0 i tunic) lee had re •
tic sources, except (outstares were token . - cut aerate border wars, might be expected. as the •atoral cons,.
itaibec.,e W.41......great damage/ nt a.eIAYS cOIOnY .liet ole .iretices of as inmitutitie, whbilc:iinwiiibuitldt dry
ras :rade th_trutysia
Herr, while it would
• forfAffir in That quarter. Whaferer triri-renee a
Fedi" cY and temptations tip itaillfriorrtantpontohthe nteMedtylieansaiiadlir eirbakZeet wienapa;.
opinion might prevail as to the policy or ex
of a sudden end total abolition of deem y.uhont it .‘4 That lbs .Hanpse. atm item mac cam to , egpruiggagg
;Li: 1
iptrigucoi-02eengcrt:ediit4widht, baniewitloitiogad eustoatkilseehre::
agi.hwarive.seihrsetientimente,modpiaymirytcoreteidibiewlynheauldit.hrAe.irttl:ifeirlays.,r,fu:sfrt.irorterallnrieUtydiiitiaierujitbeht.
nii.rued could dcialit as lo the oecesetty pf :prorate
peraintednhere as si awe recegowed by 1411.
beet:, linowo... In nll. recent
.greitto of , land. , •• That under inch circumatatiers, no effectual mean* cafe
it had been made a condition that the lands- so Ihe dream:el fur peeve-ailing chews iejariiieri to the best is_
granted were not to.beiwoebed by eiseco:; a leunaeue, ter's., or the Gesture- rbenornes,erroaciaisto to tin moist*
just, and wise provision. But theme who were (tttrAf'!"4rd 4.""Pkor, let the Ith”orvr of this usinttr,but
acquainted with the history of minuilavitbbti`ll.; she new Africa. rartiffal:ll°l7l4lheketabllle"l4ll.l6ll7:l.tt;"
meats were awatelliat the conditions no which Such moles of °Amnesties', wish such tart :Maw oats .isi itia.
granite were originally made, were ueldom strictly slaves actually in 'ha Celatay may tender wicanary, et...,
00:Htered to or enforced after the lapse ofni few yearly. Intro bees sit husiurady sad beutficially eiu,bi,b, 4.r
And where persons were settled et co great a dis-
'lc.frTabil-ratonsree. causes but far) ha
lance from the seat of Government, and-in tractsiv of sire lawns cep.
siderations derivepieessliarfarlce ifrolla she S i which UM.
where the population was so thin. that 'could 1 country Imo for.nonae time been tonne so Mince oiler nitioni
not be depended on ss a suifieieot mean, of I to join with as Is earureing the abolittun of are Slave Trade.
checking the introduction of a practice which I That wrkshuald capes. ourselves to just .and maraud ms.
seemed to hold out a prospect of advestabm. The
,eiseritebt, if
eitzsield de testy shlieeebde, that while:we bat( berm
measure, therefore, of- a slave regisery had been
einnt.g. by •
region. where t bid pevtt y little 7.; 0 ea e
itnai'b.thre wsiteta.te:ieffalnavevi ii:liaiiiiieageu,olirei.tsrtrti
si,dra' tried. TheSlsive Registry Bill in the Wert Indies r
carried with it a self-executing power; became the more especially where a Slave Trade would almost inevitahly
relate itself and the slaver that were oo it were liable follow.
ho" Theraibt, we
dewiest het eentionehte wild pleasure The
to forfeiture. if the whole of theitleves employed On it
were not properly registered. All penote,lberefore, lednourum
ash. s4!_reenl.seffiris m.hich,.,tiuda or Ike mastery,
iall
who bad any claim upon the estate, every man who beret epieji of it 11:3.44..,. h.,. ber.
.I.d. ese
i...b. ...1.7
lent motley upon such an estate, had an interest ash settlements ro, 'wk.:ratio, the insdiiiintof 57.7;1e7e..
in aocertsining that all the slaves were properly re. andal fur
t.liweitim,sidedlipdy eimuttth.ocing anituieteillistsdo
atilieestosevuoyaie afiThalesiver.ny;
gisteted. The registry at the Cape of Good Hope,
he feared, would be found ineffective, from net
sees d'u'adei.....'"',...7beail....itsrieltraafaii'ea.: 2t.ftullowaiaatt tear fee-
having that set f-executieg power. Neither the 4 That ere boiri.,,„ bembly, bat woolly. id
ims...ers t 18"
clause* in the grants, therefore, nor the Registry mend the stale of the Hottentots le his M ijesty'a benevoleat
Bill, were to be entirely depended upon as checks care--a race of mm luncirisrepreseutrd initf '01414, min
however have niece aimudaelly proved that spy efforia aped
to the increase of slavery. 'Fhe clauses in the
fur their mural impropemeul, world inilliemayluyed ra a.m.
grants went only to the prohibition of the use of
" That we colloids* that the corimusicauhp el (Arias'
sfevee for field labour, and did not reefed* ' justmerioe to .. 0
tee elutes mit Hartlynieis is airamistiat act
their employment for domestic services. But of duty, and-the more le enemy, hecavm eti. hair bees
it could not be denied that the institution of made, are without sneers% to propagate among them ii.
domestic slavery wits infinitely more corrupting !rum; and eraet:struecif Malsomettnioinsni: i That nisiodsoubldeau
to the master than that of the employment 'of
ybiouir'N”r rewed ac
eta :"..rerbP47s'.**Luin Indulge
tmarlialetbsocpar:
slaves in cultivation ; and every poe who know that by the gradual &Ceske, of the Wettings eirdm iese,
any thicg of the working of human Ililitigt, and oymobril sag reernow, knowledge it,„se i the c„ioer.
and who understood the value of liberty aid ' rd popelities, the we degraded dhotis ofOur 110 W motion.'
il
the advantages of • free constitution, must be well
dais:Y.6l tens be "Ised__."ll:_ilbtiLl.re freedArp_rev.vripeo7
aware ~het the cede of slavery 'were not confined to Joe:: l'egaerio7aily, but ragrod6d; 6yjd;;;;I: of the 8,"07.1:e....
the *hives themrelves, but visited' themselves In • pi W.
, •
very beery degree on the masters. If they allowed Mr. Wtzseot expropea ..bili unqualified appro.
the system •of ,slavery to establish itself in that Nation of every, oeirtiusout no the Address. He
querter, there would be no end to it. 'l'llo cli- alluded- to the condition annexed to every- grant of
mete, the soil, the sitnenion, every omens- fund, that it was not to be cultivated by slave
stance in the condition:of the country was calculated labour, and expressed We belief that the condition
had in 110 instance been violated. Ilse was of opt.
to promote its exteosion in pn incalculable degree.
There never was a region into which blares could be don that a general suanumession.woeld init.* um-
introduced with greater, facility, both by sea sod sequences be injurious to . die *levee filemselves, se
by land. The Hon. Member then proceeded -to they were by their etittebtet habit of depetidsum
enumerate the tifirris of Mr. Alexander Gordon in dirqualified from exerting that euergy• necesury to
Crsiada, Sir "I'. Brownrigg in Ceylon, Sii. Hudson make their freedom of yokes:He emmidesed predid
Lowe in St. Helena, and Sir T. Stamford Rallies in slavery as that winch was moat injerioug, thotrgh.
Java, to effect the abolition of slavery among the lie fully agreed t,, the mooning, or. the Hon. Gen.
introbittims of these places, on which be comnietited ilematt on the consegnences of domestic slavery.
in his accustomed etnon of glowing and animated It was the reverse of mercy :, it was doubly corat—
eloquence, enforcing the cosui,leestion of the ins- cursing him. who ioflictrd 80 him okra bore its
preasion which wee likely to be prodaced upon lie did not think there had been a .*ogle toolanee
those Powers whom we were eadeuvouriug to ratite ref at. introduction a bikers
,from the jedeeeiee ey the
to on effectual co•oPeelltion with ua in the sup" Continent; and as to the importation by sea, he
',motion of the slave trade, if they fuer.d that oink believed front the natural difficulties
.41' the tout,
we were so zealously endeavouring to put tot end to the high serf, and the few navinahle_ Over',
slevety in other emarters, we suffered it to be intro- together with the other measures nil pea, -would
duced god newly established in a colony of our be an effectual peeves:Rion on that side. • "In nit-
own. lie had great pleasure in fiuding that the seating to the Address, he cordially mteetwred i*
attention of the Noble Loud at the heed of the every sentiment which went to the !lngo/ton of
Colooisl Department, slid his Honourable Ftiend slavery, consistent with a dne regard lo die rights
(Mr. Wilmot), who discharged the duties connect- of property where it unfortunately sea euablieltrd:
ed with it, at far as they devolved upon him, with so that wht!st they were cousolering the erases at
such distinguished ability, had been dirreted to the slavery, they should not forget the NM, vf ern-
aroeliurutioil of the condition of dig colonists; and petty.
that Commissioners wets about to be sent oat to in- Mr. W. SisiTY gave his epprelettion- to the Ad-
vestigate the contliiion of the Colony, the stunt of drew. He could not think the security agieost the
civolizition, and the extent of its population and importation of slaves by sea sufficseutly provitle,tl for
culture. He concluded by moving— ,by the natural difficulties alluded to 1,, it. lieu.
"That au bumble Address be presented to hie Majesty. Member (14r. I,yitiooi.)
stating,
• He coliteedbd, thin al-
though there might be a right of property or the
"That Ibis Rouse hap learned with rest satisfaction that
his Majesty's Guerrittliesit, with a just abhorrence of slavery labeer of man, there could be no utwoodittortai
and a provident dread of the evils •liirli would result from right of property in his person, and tipit du refore
its extension, has made it a condition in the grants of land that formed 110 objection to the propaeition of his
whirl' it has seeeallf allotted welbbi the are Settlemeaka 'a
Honourable Friend ( %Ir. Wiliserfroc.e), that liberty
the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope, that no slave ,:boar ought to be the lex loci of the new set firmed's.
should be ansliloyed in their cultivation.
" Akar, that his Majesty has established II Registry of the Mr. Moaev said, that alihough the eielos;and
Slave Populatioa. _ _ privileges of the Dutch at the Cape were guareureed

- . - -
" That, r ghettos, from the greed extern t of flat Colony,
from Its contiguity to countries whence slants may, at no
distant period, be easily procured ; from eke remotion:4w of
maity'of the farces that are scattered over its surface, and
from the thinness of the population, the due execution of all
lairs enacted fur the government of those countries, parti-
rularly those fur preventing the illicit extension of slavery,
mow be rendered extremely difficult, more espioially *lwo
sell•isterest shall tempt powerfully to the violation-of them.
' That the regulation so justly introduced tutu the Cole.
vial grants, applies only to predi•l slavery, when ae domestic
slave. y. while it is iu itself at least as great an evil, would
rove a strong temptation to the steedy mid itidiilent to pro.
cure drudges (or their own else, and would operate wills a
still more pernicious isfluestee on the fettliags and habits of
the new settlers.
• "That, as to the expediency of a Registry, the HOilig cars.
not but fear that a Slave Registration fur so extrusive a Cu.

I to them at the surrender of tla Cotowel, Set it by
I no intent followed that pow it had .tercuinee•Calocy
1 of our own we Atomic] extend that gusrunsee is tier
new sett/cinema. We had repealed laws which
trenched on the principles of jeet►ce, raid tenet, it
could not be contended that we might n extend
i Cud) a cuedatire to colonial law, ihild w 4 had ill (Jet
dour so, (or the trade in slaves was este/limbed, and
wds part of the riglda of the Deitch •wfties,we.touh
1 i.er..es,ion; yet we had abolished et. .Ne was WA
to lid vest a Cummierion wigs to be rein uai tone-
: quire into the admini.tration of justice in Out
Colony. He concluded krgiviug los auxit cordial
support to the Address.
Dr. • PHILLIKORE approved of the Addre*l•

Ibny, comprising thousands of square miles, where the plait-
rations are very thinly scattered, and divided !rum rah
other by wide tracts of a desert and unpeopted cuoutry,
cannot be so constituted and regulated, as matcrially to
(heck, tench leas effectually to prevent, the fresolutent in-
troduction of slaves, whero facilities exist fur such intro-
duction.
That it eannot be necessary for • British House of Com-
mons, in addressing a British Soverelgnyto enlarge on the
evils of slavery. It is universally •rknosi 'edged to he an
institution esseolially odious in its mitre, baneful is its
moral and political effects, and more especially repngnant
to the spirit and pruciptrs or our happy Constitution.
" That the continuance of the flume where it already exits
is reconcilable with those principles only um the ground of
necessity, and therifure to continue it in any cenntry where
Its present ratio should he exlrem.ly sinsli, and where the
local circumstances should be such as to admit it Its safe and
eoliveitient abrogation, would scarcely be le.,' reproachful
than liar Original esisablishenent of that stem its a place where
it bail beta previously unkno►n.
it Thu in forming new settlements on the African Conti-
nent, such conduct would be preeminently indefeniible stud.
mischievous, because the distinctions between the European
and coloured races of mien enlist lend to catinguish sym-
pathy, while the existence of the abject stud ignominious
stair of slavery would powerfully generale or maintain its
the minds, both else white Colonists sad the coloured Na-
tives of neighbouring districts, feelings towards each Other,
the reverse of those which Re are bound, no less by Poland
pulley Min by evrty religious mid moral cosaideration, to

though lie concurred iu the opinion of his 11011.
F134.'111101r. Wlhaw) as to the difficelty mid (bit.
catty of meddling with nny rights or ,•it
rigida of the Dutch settlers. which should to ly
approached by way of commotation ; but as to .i•r
scttleinsuis firmly plaided, lie agreed edit ti.,
Hon. Gentleman ( vlr. Wilberforce) that hberiy
might to ire the general law, and slaryry i!.e c*-
ceprion.
Mr. WitAtoT
Mr. BUXTON gave hit unipisl•fied soprehitt;,—,
to the Address. and hoped the Columi•Nion
be sent oat would be instructed to inionie ltuv. 1110
negrors were di.posed of who had Leen sent in In'
our cruisers. They certainly otiv.ht to be free. "'
others in similar circumstances at Sir, ra Leane
at liberty.
Mr. Wmastaroaca briefly replied.
After which the question for the Address Wl4
put and carried, and directed to preyetiteil h)
such Members as were of the Privy Council.
COMMMON TO TfiE CAPE OF GOOD DOFF.
Adr..WiLKOT, in pursuance t.f notice, mod that
•an Instable; Address be presented to as sty.
prayiag that he would bat .graciously pleased to

Pro Mote. TOOs the'groolb of mutual goed•will add eivitiga.

order the appointment of a Cv-intnitsiut; to the: ('*r
