jfoftCa, 31. 6d +Gallery, 2s.—Upper GA te*Y. 16.

11RIGHTON tieing justly considered by the
Lit Va,uns is the pure 4 a,r, and re nt healthy place in
En.jand., particularly for ehikiren—a. a ova, lwatdretts may
Is- seen, every day, ho, insi.rovi"g an.l strength,
under varsoas comisLornv-.4as induced the Prvrietor of a
k1101h•sw bed-moor tookrargde tke Rey orti, Rent vire/ to
the Wt.sne, and te.narrul hifl., to take the CHAROF of a
strain ttamber of CIIILDREN, at any at• mut two veer.
Mast respeetsN:e rr.feremses will ye pee.etw ...mat Medical
Pier, as well as to Parents of Child,sl.l s.bu have been under
theit CATO.
F.., Partienbrsersosi.e of Mrs. Bernand, No 6, New Bond-
/heti, Lu4lou
THE DEATH OF LORD NEI SON

1__.....
IHE DEATH of LORD VISCOUNT NEL-
sum, DUKE of 11110MTF.. Sr. being severely felt by
envoy deserr,:tinn of men in as United Kingdom, Mr. wt sr
mod Mr. 11, ATII wishing to Ilse ;heir endeavours to I ere
'meets so great an event in the Nar.il Annals of our Country,
p:rcenie to publish a PRINT of the Dk.Alffl a that (:AI.-
I.ANT ADMIRAL, who gloriourly fell in the nose cf hi.
...Poetry, at the moment of a emu important a.iil tit.exampled
--Sory eistain.., over the enemy's Condoned Fl Cape
Tte-
Aigar. Mr Heath. Historical Engraver to Ili. Istairey. die in.
omits engraving a Print from the Picture now Itv It. ting by Beh-
jamin Wee, Eaq President of the Royal Aewleai, , the author
of that celebrated Picture, "Thr Death of Genital Wolfe,'
eagrayet by WoriPett, us-sb, s this Pont is intembrl as an ap.
propliate companion. This Print sill be !rought forward with
t'it united exertions of the artists, as early as pow,hle, to
merry the (edict'. of a grateful people, for Se great a victroy,
roiled si they rive with sensations of the deepest regret tor in
gnat a loos.

Prue t., Nio.es ; Proof., Four Guineaq
Subscriptiosis ,twisecl by Mr West, No 14, Nswroso..trect,
o.4llure4street; Ned Mr. Neon, No. 15, Russell-platy. itsroy-
eisare.

SUPERIOR WINES.
PENCF.II and PERKINS, No. 113, Newgate-
L 7 rtreet, Importers of Wine for upwards of Forty Years,
Sixteen of which they hare adopted that adrnirab,e moil t of
nelanrating it an large Vat. u(9 and4ooo Galleon contents, as is
prtctistsi la/ Gerrnart• and other plaees inroad ; by which their
WM*, are on improve., m Flavour, and their Cordial Qualities
.etained, that they are not only a delicioas Liquor to the Pa-
-140, het grateful to the Stomachs of Pittman, Habits, and the
Aged and Infirm. Their Stock of Old Pert, Madeira, Ri.cella,
fee. is of Fifteen Thousand Pounds valet, by which they
We enabled to keep Wius to great ars, both in Cask and
Rottle.—.Ther al.o keep a large Stuck of Cog nae Brand.
Pure and jAlitollea Ran, rtd Eat %dm (Y:anee shrub, the
oldest in London, treated in the ens manner in Vats, which,
with then, Winos, they cell on the most mo,lerare terms, for
reidy money.—Not lem than i Omen lent to any part of the
lowa tree of Expense.

WARR EN**CONCEN rR ATKD LAVENDER-MEC:AR
XESSRS.' WARREN and CO. having received
A frequent complaint. of Aromatic Vinegar in g' oral,
here ievented, and brought to the highest degree of fection,
the above article
The smell of Lavender is universally allowed to be the
lerk.l tremble and refreshing of all flower.; the I.AVEN•
nER-VINEIIAR is therefore strongly recommended to the
P not only as the most agreeable pas tome to peourns in
heaels, nut alike, as wonderfully refreshing to thole labouring
..:4-r sickness of any kind, and particularly where the disease
h of that astute, 34 not to adniit of the window: being kept
for any leurtli of tirae ; as it lost ouly purifies, corn.
the air of the Chamber, hut diffuses a delightful and
reviving perfume through the whole of the apartment.--.
• elomate can alter the CONCENTRATED LAVEN.
13ER-VINED.% it, it t: particularly recomniemic.l to all persons
''oe.iling to Foreign parer, as the best preyed true of infix
; and to &lerchavis and Captains of Ships, as a teklul and
lreneficial article of trade.
5..14 Wholesale and Retail, only by the Proprietors, Mewrs.
rlrfrl3 end Co. P .rfu films at their nog.nal Warehouse, the
l'ttlett noiwrote Wood-street, Chealoi ; where
arren't cedebrateri Milk 9f R. 1404 is made and sold as usual.
*.ht every other vtiele Fugliil4 and Foreign Perfumery, of
firlirrat
N. $. re prevent counterfeits, every bottle of the Concen-
._
_444 L willaventfer.Vinegawillbe signed, red ink, by the
riViveeorv, W. and A.

VICtUALLIN(«OFFIOE, Nur 7, 11155.
,FHE .COMMISSIt)MERS for Vara,/liar Hit
116,ieno Nur, .1,, htreiro giaa , M.', or I
I).a, , the .21. t !moons, at Elora o'(' ork perigee, ia fbe
F'nrnnp•a, ghee yin hr real., to Sri, to the hig.'iest ILrIJn, of
!1. ilnrnrx'g •litaluoo Preatoics, ,t I)eptfo.d, sewtry Lor.
,!1. the lasksatag arol l'i,goat;ing Storrs, in. :
Wend, Rresd Rikehouse Sweepings, Flour, F 10...,
Sweepi R., Raisins, Sweepings, Pease, Parse Screen-
ings, o.dineal, thwiral Sweepoi;*, Sings and Rags, Reef,
r,al/4, Suet, forielliK, em ny Tie cos And fri•lt Barrels,
Old White Rope and Tarred Rope, Rioter, Gri-ase, Slu.h
and Scriping4, C!reese, 011, il.rties, and Snit; New Weird,
Ilnablet, and Sidi End. • W,11". Pily, Bandy Niece, Foreign
Porn:heat, liorre.weri, Wired, Irish 1141f•Punch.mit and Ti.-ere
Stares; Wine Pipe, Brandy Piece, Runt Puncheon, and
Wine flog tieol and Vireira !leads; Tight mid U,, Held
; Wine Pipe and hi. swig Piec,m ; Keys of sarinus ile,erip-
tiintr, tweak,' and Mug, and broken Staves for Firewood;
lying in :11ofeit0 rsterragosg Premises at Deo/init.
A Depoosit of Ed. pe r (`ear. is to he wade sport tar •Kiwiat
rarh law, at the time of ; and it the rcaresiarier of the /tow.
be rust pail, read the Particulars &skew area rathia Tatra,
torAtirez Datja atteravands, ter groat we be Prefcreed, nod die
t,oods reinoim floc Probe ply 01 that-roam
The other Cotula.h. Maw he seen, eel Priosted eabtlogriri
way at had al lug S Tr-Tiara's Ulfiae.

'``HE reel LIKENESS of VISCOUNT MIL-
/ SON, DUKE or BRONTF., *e and PRINTS of an
hti VICTURiES, Ste, to be S .14 at Andrews'. Print Miff;
house, No. 7, Charine-Cross ; who is now publishing Plate,
of the Action nt Majesty's Om. Centurean, 50 11114, i.nel
Admiral Limns, in the Moengo, $4 VIII., and two Fiiga
iu Via:appals. Roads; and those ..f fits Majesty's ski' s,
Allow and Acheron, having under convoy a valualge aces of
...suns ham Malta, ko. Jrc. and two Irrown Frigates, of 4$
goo.
••• Orders for t alienation on the AIWA reeweelde Teton.

eIIEAFSIDE, Nt.v. 15, 1885

air ESS RS. BOYDELL and Co. respea fully
1;1 aequarnt the Purnic, that in atintet a 11.11 th thee will
rvitt.isvi a PORTRAIT of the late LORD VISCOUNT
NELSON, DUKE of !MONTE. .&c. engrated by Mr.
ktrloin, after a Ptlute, lately painted by Sit Wm Newby,
It A. Sullinging to the Corporation of the City of London, to
whom it was resented by the late Alderman Bu dell.
Im-
preoior 64. and (hoofs, atte guinea each.
N. B Thine Gentiemen who intend Cowering the Pub-
!Ohs,' with ti.e-• patninar, WS requested to send their names,
which well ensure to them the first impressions.
P.tTRII ale FEND.

T.LOYD's, 19th Nneestilier, 11105.
A T 2 GENERAL MEETING of the COM-
L.-2. MITTEU, held This Day, ,
THOMSON IicCAR, Esq. in the Chair.
Remised,
That a General Meeting of the Committee, to which ewers
'Member be eves:salsa, ssurantoeted, be smiled ho TIN-SDAY,
the 3.1 day of Dor:ember nest, at ['web., o'Clock, precisely, to
testify tile high aes,le the Corn • re entertain of the signal
Services of the Admirais, Captains, a.til f.flficers, olio corn-
Maigl.4 HIS Msjegy'. Slops; a ,s 1 to take into consideratiir
the Relief tg b. afforded to the I tfticars, Seamen, and Marine.,
who were amind d; &hi to the Families of these who ;mins
fell, to the giotious Athena et ttits.2tat et 011onet, atel ittlt
instant>
!- WISCRIPTIONS SINCE THE LAST Pl/1".! 'h'ATION.
The Voluntary Sulsenision of a Part of the Crew
of lit. Majesty s shy Aigle - - - 39 17 R
Ca,..t. Wolfe, Ills Ntijestj'a ship Aigie - 10 10 0
Mr. Fillil Palmer - - - 2 0 0
John Ellingson,and W.ldsed A adtews, of 110 Ma-
fe'tu's schooner P 1 kle, one nimith's pay - 215 6
Lord Findley (2d •sliscri:stients - - 50 0 0
John If amiltan, 17.... q His Brit sonic Majesty's Con-
on?, Norfolk, Virginia - - - 103 0 0
Thomas Twining. L.q. Bengal • - - 2U U U
Mr. Joshua Rowley, Mid•hipman, His Maki.st's
ship Immortalise - 60 0 0
Captain R. W. Taylor, His Majesty'. ship C3r11.02 20 0 0
postheroes and Cis ton, of 11,1:tol - - 200 0 •
The ()dicers, Non-ennisniss•Anied Offic,rs, Drummers,
awl Privates, of the Royal East 31a1.1, sex Regi-
mes.' of Militia, one day's par, by Col. Wood 75 0 0
A. H. Mimes Mond at the H.ink - - 0 16 0
It icliaril *theist - . . 5 5 0
Thomas flaode, Navy Agent - - 5 5 0
IN il:tath Peter .loggett . - 5 5 0
JOil ta 1... jg, . . 10 10 0
Robes' lin'hod - - • 10 14 st
Thomas Bennett, Wormwood-suer t - 1 1 0
_ _

. _
Samuel Marshal - - - 10 10
John Green - - 10 10
N. B Aubert, jun. - - -
S S
Thomas Goodall . - - 5 0
George Surridge - 5 5
William Crawley - - 10 10
-
Charles Holmes, Newsman, Royal Exchange 2 2
Thomas Walker, at the Fleece, ThreadnesdL-street 2 2
Moses Getters - - 5 5
Joseph Lachlan - . - - 5 5
John Scott, Mildred's-court - . 10 10 *,
Henry Goodwyn, Esq. . - 105 0
Edward Alfrey - - - 10 10 s.
• Robert Arthur Putt • - - 21 0
Cla-ence Buck - - - 10 10
Laurence Bruce - - - 10 10
Charles John Wheler and Co. - - 10 10
Bainbridge, Armlet, and Co. - - 21 0
Robert Hamilton - - - 10 0
The Members of Lloyd's, Southminster, Fuca 22 5
John Wide, Cannon-street - - 10 10
John Rummer - - - 5 5
John Hassell - - - 50 0
• 'fiery Sedge iek - - 5 5
Gsrarze &tic:tem:in - . - 10 10
John Conrad Meyer - - 25 0
.
Mrs. A G. Keating - - - Id 0
Captain John liroughtm, R N. - - 5 5
Gmrge Vadsittari, Esq. M.P. - - til 0
-
Palmer and TO•711i1141111 - . 31 In
West Suffolk Regiment of Militia, one day's pay 4) 15
Alexander Ross - - In lo
- Mrs. Rows - - - 5 5
• Mira Mary ROB 4 - - • 2 2
Master Al.xarider Ross - - 1 1
•
Miner Thom -as Ross - . 1 1 ,
Masher William Ross - - 1 I
lion. Captain Carlow, R. N. - - 3 5
Michael Samson surf Co. - - - 10 1U
M. S. Parrither, London stie-t - - 10 10
William George Proct•-r, Chatham - - 2 2
John &land, Mark-laue - - - 10 11l I)
Joseph Williams - - - - 5 S U
Captain Temple Hardy. It N. - - 10 id 0
Mrs. Hardy - - - - 5 i 0
- Mils Hardy - - 5 3 0
Th. Hun. and Rev. Richard Brice, of Stopford 5 5 •0
Isaac Pitcher - . . - 10 10 0
S u„,„,,,,i,,,dge - - - - 10 10 0
The Wori.Thomas Kn ix - - - 10 13 0
Wrlliarn Nevi/ Hart, Esq. - - - 0 .0 o
Richaid Teel, Lan.:astri-zourt - - 10 1U 0

••• subaer.poleik Bonk; a,- nwm, and Seb,.r.plions re
trued, at the Bar of I.ltlent otlve, and .y all the
Sinkers u Town and Country.
J. P. W CL'iFORD, Secrectry.

Tbia
Day i, pohlisheal, in Three large Column, <Mayo, price
One Guotea and a Half, to trrapl,
THE LOUNGER's C()NINION-P I. ACE
BOOK ; ear Mileellanro•u Col rßroaa, ofl Hotory,
Scien. e, Cotirism., P•retrr, and Romance.
" To catch, err It p1.,0111. the 'nits of the miottte. to gore
Nutt aketeii, a torn avel thing*, which, though beneath the
dtgoitr of a lato,-traphia, deserve to he trent lead 1 to select from
the .cen.• before it: •hatever appear; ettriod., arriotin:, or ay-
plleahle, to the purpose. of hanian Itie, is attempted in this
work

1',.ute..11 6.r Longman, Hirst, littre..i, rout Orme. Niternoster-
row ; and C. Chapple, p.ll Mail,

This Day are pubinked, in Four Vulomei, Imo. pro:, Oor
(iu iu boards,
rrIlE MORLANDS : TALES illustrative of the
SIMPLE and SURPRI,LbIG.
Ry R. C. 13ALLkS,
11,iitrad for Longman, Rata, Reis, and Orme, Paternm-
ter-ret.

Of **MI MIY Fished, by the tame Author,
1. AUBREY . a Novel, in 4 Valli 12.m0. 18t bows.
" We here announce to our Itira:leas a very agreeable and
instructiv.Nov-1, in which :he incidents themselves Mond a
lama, both insorov,ng and entertaining ; and the sentiment,
are alweysi.unded on jii.t perceptions of reason and nature."
Month y Rev. May, 1804
2 PERCIVAL; m, Nature Vindicated: a Novel The
Semod Edition, in 4 Vo;ii 12nro. lis. hoards.

MR. SAVAOR ON TIIF
BRITAIN.
This ! a to puhlisherl, in ()cue°, pr;eie Htif-isCrown in
boards, the Second Editinn, with considerable Aiditioss, of
A CONCISE HISTORY ef the PIESENW
I.lls STATE of the COMMERCE nf GREAT BSI.
TAIN. Troselated from the German of Cliarles Reinhard,
LL D. of the Unmanly nf Gottingen. With Notes and con-
siderable Additicos relating to the PRINCIPAL BRaisti
MANUFACTURES.
Ry JAMES SAVAGE.
tendon pol.::shed by H D. Ssninods, No SO. Patent* -
ter-row ; 40.1 S ill by all Booksellers in Town and Country.
Vf whom may be bad,
1. The HISTORY of the CASTLE and PARISH of
WRECSL E, in the East Ridin.: nf the Coirnty nf York, embel-
lished with au elegant coloured Engraring of the Castle. Ay
J Sseage. Price 2t. wised.
S. An HISTORICA,L ACCOUNT of the COLLE.rIATE
CHURCH of HOWDEN. Ivo. Price Is.

OF GREAT

This Dar is published, in Six Volumes, Oetawn, price 21. t.14.6d.
in board.,
THE HISTORY of the REIGN of GEORGE
111. to the Termination of the late War. Tu which is
prefixed, a View of the Progressive Improvement of England,
in Prosperity and Strength, to.the Accession of His Majesty.
Br ROBERT ISISSETT, L1..0.
Author of the Life of Burke, &c. Ac. ire.
Printed I Lnngaun, Hurst, Rem, and Orme. Paternost:r-
row ; and W. Creech, Edinburgh.
Dr. Ilineti's History is highly praise-worthy—it narrates
with gc seer detail and comp luteriess than Macfarlane, B.:I-
-sham, nr Adolotius„ the transaction. of the present reign. The
style is natural, yet elegant; the InfurstiAtiurs Abundant, yet
seled ; the clitk.surfoyal, yet liberal. In short, it appears to
us more likely than any of the oral histories, to annex Itself to
Hume and Smollett„ as the regular and generally received cols-
tiuuation of the History of England,"
Annual Review, Vol. 2.
" We must recommend this as a work replete with bush
informatiiin and amusement and while it is free from airy
spirit of party, it breathes throughont a firm attachment to
tempered freedom and the ,j • of the British Constituti,m,
a sincere regard for the British rharafter, and a just veneration
for the nghts of reason, of religion, and ingratity."
Literary Journal, Vol. '3. Page VS.
•.• For other very favourable Accounts of this Work, sire
The Minthly Review fur Oetober; Tie British Critic fur
November, 1904 3 and The Anti-Jacobin Review forNovern-
ber, 1914.

TO SURGEONS. APOTHECARIES MIDWIVES.
MEDICAL S I UDENTS, &c.
This Day is published, in Five large Volumes' *lvo, closesprinted,
primed, with want' Plates, price SI. FAL in lacioids, • new
Edition of
THE EDINBURGH PRACTICE of PHY-
SIC, SURGERY, and MIDWIFERY.
This Work ,
1 An Istroducto,y Histoiy of .a.'h Branch of the Medkcll
ProfrOstoo.

_ .
St The Theory of Medicine, Physioloar, Patholocr, and
Therapen r.ll, from Dr. Cullen, and other L lioburglt rioftlearg,
Coilen's Nocol. gr complete, in Eighth. •
4 The }Pitney, Causes. and Cure, of ere,
human Di4esse, agreeable to the aperuei d Calcification and
Do trines of the celetiNted Cullen.

5 The latest ainpruceinente euegestad by Medical W•iters
id the first eminence; amongst WllOl4lO, The 4:411114111.
ro, Gregory, Forlsce, Prrciral, Beddoee, Finnegan, ',entail',
Garnett, I lei/mart, D-n. an, !Howley, Rush, Trottlr, SJUI.
dere, Currie, Sims; flargarth, linettron, Widen. Si.tlrtiflq.,
Irnies, Clark, Bradlee, do &C. MOWN. Willter,
Home, Earle, Abernethy, Latta, !layaway,. Kendrick, Kentish,
R ornery, Wilson, col inhere
fi Caws ofthe Treatment fteJmmenaled in every
Di.e.te• of different Management
7. Coward.; of Six Handfed authentic Formula from the
11-4olte n the pu"ltc Hospitals en-t Dometriee ; the I.e,tures
and Writinge of Me lice!, Chiriartea,, aod Midni(ery Teachers,
and the !ideate contribiations of dietaiaguished Prachtioners in
ia burgh at rid London.
II A number of elegnit Copper-plate Engrevings of Chi-
magical and Midwifery subject,.
London 4-firirttral foe G Learaley. Fleet.street ; Bell a 4,4
Bradawl', Kinabugh ; and Brash and Iliad, G:aagow.

THREE BO ES OF BitYlitAPHie vox Tett: USE to
scr-iuois.
T his Day were publiihe I, N.Av and Improved Editions of the
(glittering intere.ting, useful, amt approve./ School Bgraki;
written puttee:ay fur the use of Y sung Persons, on the Ob.
Trims and Irwiortant eriticiple,—that Fsample is more
porer6al and sorei %extortive than Precept.
1. Tit E &R[ I'ISII NEYOS; consisting ni. Seidl'
Lives& %nose ILLUSTRIOUS BRITONS wlio hays
been Lisa most distinguished for there Virtues, Talents, or re-
winteireale Advariffsbent in ,Life, intersoarsal with r....tical
Reductions Written 6! W MANOR, Lel I). ht• prise
H. 6d hound ; .n 4 .cootaimng acciiunrs of •he undermess.
board di.eingui.lied Persouars:
Alf,ed Lean Newton
Baron Andrews Sir R. Walpole
Width/I Coki, Stair
Cl.airevr Sr: fford Sloane
Wolsey I la,iipden Wolfs
Moore I la rvev Anson
T. Cromwell ' Wake Barnard
Latimer Clarendon I.1•t/etan
Cabot Miltun Chatham
Jewell M.rvel Garrick
litre-sham Sydney Cook
NValsingham TWorms Ellsckstone
C, i-htyt Locke Joi-lion
Drake Null Lowtll
Borleigh ' Burnet .H.,will
Shalmiaare Pont Maii.fleM
..
Re ugh Ad I-son Sir J. Reineltia.
'
Itl.irlhor 0.:.;h •
2 A SELECTION of thu LIVES of PLUUR
abridged fur iliefflie of Schools By William Milecie,Z44.
etc price 4s. 6d. tic.iind ; and eoneaineng accounts o( the ii
Je-111C1111011ect Peillsl.l24K, the most ~.I,,,triuu, andintift4
c banners of AiiiiriWt, 1
.
Romulus P-ricles F u menet,
Lycorgus Alcibiude.s Pompey
Solo:i Tiinolgott Alevander
N ums Auistil,i Julius Car
Thernistarles Caro t ie Come Dernosthenell
Camillus Pyrrhus Cicero.
3 SCRIPTURE MOOR .riPHY ; or, The Lives and Cho.
meters of the Principal Pe-sonages recorded in the Sacred
Writings, practically adapted to the Instruction and Improve-
ment of Youth. By the Rae John Watkins, LL D price 51.
hound . •
This important Work, which teaches and applies the Prin-
ciples of Religion, wader the 4vireable form of paragraphical
Narratives, cuotains accounts of the following Scripture Cha-
racters:
Adana Joseph Solomon
Cais Job Elijah
Abel Moses Lialta
Enoch datum Daniel
Noah Joshua Rather
Abraham Rods Mordecai

i

Sainual St John
Jacob David Jesus Clpiet.
Printed for Richard Phillip', No. 6, Bridge street', Black-
fr*,at, ; and to Ye had of all ltookse and Dealers in Boobs,
with the lull allowance to Schools

New Yoh, Edition of
MATTHEW HENR EXPOs:ITIr IN ON THE OLD
AND NEW TESTAMENT,
Taken verbatim from the hest London Edition, without any
Abridgement whatever.
This Day is published, orbs only eight-pence, containing
three whole Sheets of large Dente Letter press, and embel-
lished with an shunt Portrait of the It..v Matthew Hem
beautifully lowered by C. Warren, Number 1. (to be con-
tinued Weekly) of
AN EXPOVTION nn the OLD and NEW
TESTA MEN'T, wherein each Chapter is summed up he
its Contents; th, Sacred Teat' inserted at laige w distmet Para-
graphs; each Paragraph reduced 'n its proper !leads; the Sense
given, and la.gely illustrated with Practical Remarks and La:ner-
vations, foenaing the must complete FAMILY EIRLE ever
published. Illustrated with upwards of One hundred elegant
Engra•ings, descriptive of the meat materiai Transactions re-
corded in the Sacred Scripture.
Sy NIATTIIEW If EN KY, late Minister of the G •spel.
The Rae. Matthew Henry'. Annotations eii the yt, Ir, hare
been *along and so universally approved, that all eucomiams WIZ
that excellent performance would appear highly impertinent.
From that valuable source of Practical Divinity, all the Modern
Commentators have eysracted their best materials; bur, by their
injudiniows interpolations sad abridgements, they hare greatly
impaired the genuine spirit of Christianity which breathes
through every pare of that evangelic wok, and, in some i•-
stances, have (rowdy misrepresented the Author's meanthg.
For marry years the circulation of this valuabe work was int.
period, fro.n the inability of many persons to purchase so vo-
luminous a library of Christianity at one;; but, to remove eke
obstacle, the proprietor of the preseist,edition has published it in
weekly numbers; anal, basin provided paper of a ergo size, and
coatis/etc!! filled the capacious pages with the inestimable con-
tents, ne is enabled to comprise the whole on only Three Vo-
lumes instead of Five, as it was originally piahlished
In addition to the great superiority with which th Publisher
has brought forwaol this work, he has, at a very great expellee,
and by the assistance of several reepectable Minismrs, pub.
Relied •
The LIFE of the Rev MATTHEW HENRY, with an
Account of his whet nauseous Works, foam winch copious
Ext.acts are given.
This Lograpineal kecount likewise cootairis the Analysis of
several et/Jfieff serf Serums preached lay Mr. Heavy on par-
ticular Subjects; and these, with a number of oilier Hints tat
Mater.a's, ate intend-d kw, and will he founil, .0 be exceediog-
ly useful to. not only private eiristians, but also those who are
Students in Divinity, oi who are educating for the Work of
the Itlinot.y.
This Wo k is embellished with triatards .4 One Hohdred
bautlial Engravings whi. h are selected nom suds Passages
of Holy Writ as out oily e:
re:rrant a ceraPiele Hi4larY of
the Life and Soflerings of our Blessed Redeemer, hot the
roast remarkable Miracies anal Masa:boor of the Patriarchs,
Pro:Mets, Xrangelists, Apostles, &z. These 110.g•itetnigi a e
superior to any given iu Wanks of double the Prise.
Upwards of fell years having elapsed Vallee C.: Proprietor
em his first inversion, of this woik, pre,-Ldes the I,Celt.il,
Of hoe limpatlAting un its nairrit•, as he 11A11, in that space of time,
experienced the most ilistingiiistied encouragement fr-itia pub-
lic favour; the very large impression which la already been
sold, and the dads wripeis.tion of fresh Subscribers, sai•ficiently
demonstrate the putuir approbatian Ha thew...ire the„ k. it
his duty to assure Ms Rea lens, that the sarn-• atteutson which
insured him pest success, shawl not he relaxed in future.
The Pubic are assured, thit th s eddies e p bred literally
front tne best Editioa, 111.1L4 was entit.ll from the as a.
manurcr,;s, and riot in the least abr.dred
The whole of this Work being printed atf, mar Ise had by
gad e ion weekly, rat in ai.iantity of Nombers at a same, as
,nay snit the cons,mi-oce ..f the porch. e ; or e!. pnt'y
Amin in Three Volta tics, ea lettered.
rts.•Val :111 putalish-d by J St-atronl, No. 113,
ll.db-rn Hill; and %aid be ail other - sei Ilre and liken-
... Welt..., in the Lotted kingdom.

I

9"~

"1!

This Day is published, elegant:, printed In 4,trbs, rice ify.
in bards.
Ni Fe. Mu(
ARs
.rn c
At hiLe E
Es
.Xr
.1)8ELDI
sI
HTECNYT
fn.
if:
ea
In; TEI SCI
MIA both as the Means of perpetuating the Cinician
IReilion anon[ nor own Countrymen ; and as a Foundation
for Um uhimate Civilisation c.f the Natives.
BY CLAUDIUS BUCHANAN. M. A.
One of the Cha7iaino at the Presidency of FO:t tVilli.m, in
Bengal; V.ce Provost of the College of FOU NVic.ans,
Professor of Classics in the saute; and Member of the
Asiatic &rem).
Printed for T. Cadell and W. Davies, Strand.

This Dip are published, in 0-tavo, price ss. in boards,
PAROCHIAL DISCOURSES, for the Informa-
tion of the Common People, upon the ADVENT of
clutisr, and other Events relati,e to his Misoon and Cha-
ntft•r To which are added, TWO ASSIZE:. SERMONS,
reached at the Lent and S um merAttites at Chelmsford, 1196.
By W. H. RETNELL, M A.
Allinistsr of Horn Church, Er, a ; ltin Author of the Manual
to the Psalms.
Tr;nted for T. Ctiell and W. Davis., Strand.

Of whom may he had, by the same Author,
A 'kfANU ad, for the Mat of UNIX \R NED PERSONS in
furlong the PSALMS, prb.ted in the Cornnion Prayer
Book, explaining the Obscure ramps; 12ino Price

--- - -
CO 'IP RISON BETWItEN
LORD AELSON AND BONAI'ARTE.

r
.~
:}

Wm

IL.

l I 1

NILSON lON AAAAA TX
Was the son of a venerable Was the of a Cot.
elergyman. sican pettifogger.
It ectiated e lineation un• Itiarodoiceol into the kfilitai
ter the parental auspices of his School, by the bounty and chi.
father rite of Loots XVI
Evinced his gratitude to hi, iihooireal his isogratiturte to his
parent, by a constant series of kilt; hmet..cow, by pro-
attention, respect, and filial aft moting lois minder' assisting at
haunt. Whets in the fruten the CA erthrow of his goer ro.
Naiads of di, Noah, he pur- mem, arid the ruin of his M-
atted a Mar, at the utmost peril mils ; demonstrated his bese-
ts 7 his life, that he raisht pro► mess, be murdering, in the
1111T0 its skiii, fur a present to streets of Toulon, 7,000 of the
his father. 'objects of his friend and his
sovereign.
Obtained his elevated lidos. Was trade a General for as
cos, a. s recompeoee for the eociating with the enemies of
valour and skill he had dn. his kin", and involvirog his
played, against the enemies of cousatry in reisety,anatcloy and
his king aid country's hononf confusioo.
end independence.
Exposed him. .If to danger, Confronted peril, end suffer-
endured difficulties and hard- eel fatigue, that he mightexalt
ship, for the perpose of pro- and enrich himself, on %heroin
Moting the g.andeur, aid se- and provenly of Whets.
miring Cie happiness of curlers.
Ceurageous,able, &Monter- Daring, active, and impe-
luaus.
Geneicnia, humane, and C•tiel,vaisdictivoiandtreach-
spen e. out.
1./whined conniption, a- d Of gitat a;.i in .1 fraud, Ae-
vessthe creature of no anoTigue; eepuo.i, mot i,otrigole. Ile kip
Sedebted to his conduct and made others snbservient to sai
ecarage alone, for the succ..as perva.es, and hat reaches the
that attinulcd his exertions in summit of pow. on their
behalf of his country No eon- shudders. li case, .aras 16,,.
nettoons, ne friends atei.ded tat:, aid forced the Coo of
his tortene, or establishLd his Five Hundred hotoeultan ss.on.
fame. A gracious and discern- Iv has mismondua, hell .d
Siseereige recoitapensed has taiialy lost the battle of Ma-
moot, and the tears of his rear, had riot young Des-ate
grateful country ate the best extricated him fawn the des-
panegyrics 0. hit 01•Xiirl. perate situati,ra to which he
was reduced, and, by his intro
pidity, crowned with success
the trances' exertions of the
Trench. Ile lines to be ai.:-
I.lsucled by staves and traitors,
and detested by the good, the
loyal, and virtuous.
Beloved be the seamen un- " Let them hate me, so they
di hos cows-nand, • •th whom fear me," was On exclamation
he shared every difheulty, soil of a Roman Emperor • sod
participated every danger; lionaptotemems to hon.:slop.
they could rely mi his Wadi- ed it for his 1114114!t1 Raab.,
pro and friendehip, because dreaded than beloved by the
thee never found any won. soldiery, he retains their elle.
dliateocy io IW conduct. gi:mee, he gratif) .ng their vio-
lence, and satiating their de-
sire of plunder ; who can have
HO affection for his racoon,
since he hissly descried them
in Erpt, leaving them ex-
posed to the scourge of fa-
mine, and the swo.o.ds of their
enemies.
Terrible in battle, bet tau. Ereneed•his creek, and pet-
tier to the vansvished. His fidy, by puttiug to the sword
ilea °mice was a. distinguished the garrison, and inhumanly
Soo the moments of victory, as mamarreing the iiihabitents
law coinage was conspicuous in of Alexandria. In his late
the hour of contention. Al- triumphs on the Continent,
tar etas t.itimph at Cropenha• he slimed the effects of hoe
gees, a .41 tt_e vier-ere of the mean and ungenerous spirit,
Nile, he softened the disgrace by imposing no hie prisoners
of the vanquoshed, by treating the humiliating task of passing
them wilt the greatest hum"- In review before him, with
pity and respect. entry mark of degradation and
dalsoneur.
Grateful to those who ten- He too frequently ascribes
dined him assistance in fight- that glory to himself which is
ing the battle, of hse country. solely due so the merit of his
He was loon disinterested to Generals. Ifis treatment of
feel envy, and he cheerful', Nt,reen, will remain one of
acknowledged that merit in the innumerable stigmas on
others, which he was con- his memory; a lasting testi•
wools of beiog pawned of ninny of the pitiful spirit of
%ousel. jealousy end envy which Imo
made" his bosom. Became the
bralliamsy et Moreau obscured
the lustre nt Bonaparte, he is
treated with itisolt, prostrob.
e.l, and banished from his

country.
In the hour of death, a-d in The unparalleled
she agoaies in ram, tin hum". the abominable barbarity of
nit) shnne forth with ps A:iar linnaparte, when -be entered
twine. When carried below, hes 'grime° (who nobly Islas-
be re/us:tilt the salmon nut eJ: to poise.. the wounded at
to dorcrt hie attention from Jaffa, cahnot be spokes io
those who fort claimed h•-. as. terms selficiently ex"ressive of
instance, but that he was eel.- ahhurrence and dc:lsstation ,•
Taus (disking his taro. and where is the language suf-
ficiently flexible, in which to
speak of the murder of the
Duke 1./trig:win.
Levi Nelson expired in the nonapute is now contend.
arms of Victory, whilst fient. ing hr universal sod unlitnin
Mg to plasma the liberties of ed donioiei, to impose slavery
):urrope, end In rcirstlte her in and his arbitrary will and au-
perfect fresdoin awl glory. *inane, un every nation in
Europe.
His WIN will be no lees Whether bring or dead, his
clear, un.,nitinil, and durable, name will br utte.us, aid Roe
than the element ott whisk hD utcuariry ',terrific !
vietoriee were achieved
Such is a brief and imperfell sketch of the virtues
of the (vie, and the infamous crimes of the
other. There will hero cliff: rence of Opitaoa among
posterity, to assigning the wreath of immortal glory
to Nelbon, a:;d eterri:il infamy to Bonaparte. For
history, says the Author of The rline and Fall of
the !bona.' " in deserve that ho-
spnrahle name, did she deign to plead the cause of
tyrants."
Islington, lutb Nev. lsos.

T.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,
THURSDAY, NOVV4IIEII 21.

The expedition which sailed, on Sunday night,
from Dover Roads, under the .command of Sir
Smote Sums, has lost much of its interest. This
is easily accounted for. When it was first men-
tioned, a rept.i t generally prevailed, that a body of
troops would be landed to storm the town of Bou-
logne, while a squadron of boats and brigs attacked
the flotilla in the harbour. Some of the Opposition Pa-
pers,assuming the report,as a fatt, contrived to make,
upon this ground, many serious charges against Go-
vernment. They surd, that when BoNATAITI
broke up his camps to march to the Rhine, he onlyleft
4,000 troops behind for the defence of Boulogne; and
that they had been since increased to 20,000, nosier
the command of General BRUNS. They, therefore,
complained that Government had lost the favourable
opportunity for attempting eie enterprise, and were
gui

ilty of criminal neg1..61 and procrastination. The
imminent, we now find, is upon a much more li-
mited scale, and confined merely to the operations
of the squadron, without the support of a body of
troops. lf, then, the result shall not prove as bril-
liant and extensive as was originally exne&ed, the
danger and expense are diminished in the same
proportion. Besides, if there be Tv), 0 men now
at Boulogne, tinder General Flstine, Government
are not, on that account, Battle to censure. To
overate a diversion, most have been a piincipal
objeft of the expedition ; and if these 20,000 men,
now at Boulogne, would have otherwise been in
Holland or in Germany, a great advantage has
been obtained, without the loss of a man, or the ex-

pence of a guinea. The weather being very hazy
on Monday and Tuesday, no observations could
be made from our coast, of the proceedings or po-
sition of Sir Sioscsr S is; ries squadron. A very
loud firing n-s kept up on Monday right, from
eight to ten o'clock ; bur it proceeded entirely from
the French ; and was, no doubt, for tl,e purpose of
alarming the country. At one o'clock, a. is. on
Tuesday, the Lritish squadron were all ar anchor in
Boulogne R cads. The French gun-bouts were, at
the same time, arranged in line of battle, under the
proteftion of the batteries. It was evidently the in-

(cation of Sir Sierii.y SMITH to commence an at
tack upon the enemy, as soon as the w.nd, then at
south, should prove favourable. No further ac-
counts, however, were received at the Admiralty,
at elate hour last tight.

The Mrierrime fi igate, of 38 guns, Captain
MANDY, has arrived at Falmouth, from Cork,
having under cynvoy four sail of West-Indiamen,
from Jamaica. Many inconett ri ports have been
circulated respening the mortality on board Ole
Africaims, on her passage from the %Vest Indies.
We have been favoured, by one of the Officers, with
the following fist of deaths :--Mr. Wm. Lt.oVID,
Second Lientesaat, Lieusenant PELHAM, of the 15th
Regiment, Mr. WHITTON, Captain's Clerk, Messrs.
WILSON, DONALDSON. Bt Assay, and Wttkiiims,
Midshipmen, Mr. RA e, Surgeon, thirty-three Sea-
men, and seven Marines. 'the fever brok out soon
after the frigate left Barbadoes, and did not subside
until the ship arrived, about five weeks ago, in lat.
30, since which time she has been perfeelly healthy.

A Lisbon Mail arrived yesterday morning, in
eight days from Lisbon. On the 20th ult. the
Unite arrived at Lisbon, with a convoy of trans-
ports, having two regiments on board, and several
vietuallers, for Gibraltar, which were left there
when the packet sailed.
