cies. Sada ,rip.
reign &lard'
(-Wei

*le ewe b 1 see Bruce, in she
Verito wit tried before • Judge
---w mivgev..bTee..-VM-461-"Chtset or Exthequrr.
The defendant being •Istleerii guilty, uturrvedo
that the Judge bad optima Hies object, namely,
the . ruin of the defendant. •concerning which
he, the defendant, must thick of some way of
resentment. .The defendant was subsequently
indicted, sod called to answer fur his words. But
the Judge bad not thought fit to impose any fine
is the cootie of the defeuce. The case of William
Nan was still swore in paint. He was fiord forty
marks by the Recorder of London fur not taking
off Its hat. Hy was grossly insulted by the Judge,
who also imprisoned the Jury. But even 'Jefferies
had not thought of fi g the defendant. Surely
that .which was too bad for Jefferies, ought not
to be considered good enough for • Judge of
these times. He observed thst the practice was
not idly at variative with the principles of common
blw, but that, if persisted in, Mr. Fiss's•Libel Bill,
which gave the Jury the power of deciding on the
law as well as the fact, would be rendered nuga.
tory ; because the Judge would he enabled to in-
flict severe penalties on any defendant, whether
-riubeequently convicted or 'nor. 1e remarked on
the.erseit of Eaton, tried fora blasphemous publics.
rims. whom Lord Ellenborough had interrupted in
his defence, and then allowed him to go on Isis own
way, observing, that it would perhaps be better for
the ends of justice. As to the stuthority of Judges,
he observed, that the grossest infringements of jus-
tice ever practised in our Courts had been nrigi-
hated chiefly by Judges ; and since the Revolu-
tion it was hardly possible to lay the hand upon any
Urre Judge who bad not at one time or other said or
done something hostile to the constitutional rights
and liberties of the subject. He seconded the
motion.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL did net understand
the Learned Mover to dispute the legality of the
coarse pursued by the Learned Judge iii the case
of the -Petitioner. The Honourable and Learn-
ed Member doubted the legality, but had not de-
nied it in round terms as the Hom Seconder had
dour. The question, however, had, contrary to
the statement of the Hon. and Learned Member,
been. discussed in the Court of King's Bench, and
the judicial propriety of the conduct of the Learn-
ed Judge now tinder discussion confirmed by the
united judgment of that Court. The Petitioner
had been indicted for a libel very peculiarly foul
and Istisphemous, a part of which he would teed
to the House--

Lord Juno Husain!. enforced the order which
prevented Members from reading printed papers
siithont special leave being granted by the House.
The Hoir.iud Learned Gentleman must excuse
hie. bit as it did not appear thst the original libel
waiter all in question, there could be no necessity
for troubling the House with the contents of it.
Mr. Hoauouse, as seconder, was about to disown
any participoit" in the sentiments of the libel,
but was called to order. _
The, i'li4La‘ admitted that the Noble Lord WAS
iioote. and expressed his fear of the effects which
suight.arise by p departure from the rules of the
House. , Jf there were any Members who objected
-to the.reviding of the paper, and the Right Hon.
and lloaroied Gentleman thought it necessary to
his purpose that the paper should he read, the
ouestion must be formally determined by the
House.
The ATTORNEY-4.IIINICRAL by no means wished
to prejudice the case of the Petitioner, nor to dis-
gust the House bis object was to explain the
nature of the case brought before the Morse, which
he could not do without reading n short passage
running thus—f Load cries of " No, no")—then
he would quote it from memory.

_

T.T.


n0m4....a.m0nl

--~-

himself so, not only on this occasion,
but also on the trial of Sir Francis Burdett. In
&elite might say, he was the oily Judge on the
Deitch that could be called * political Judge. He
recollected very well when he was in the House.
and there woe no party with whom he did not occa-
sionally act; he travelled from one side to the
other, uutil lie had worked his way to the situation
-• be now holds--
Mr. Se►jeant ONSLOW rose to order. He con-
ceived the course the Hon. Gentleman was now
pursuing was quite irregular. There was before
the House a Petition from a person of the name of
Davison, and the Hou. Gentleman has thought
tit to bring forward charges of a most serious iti-
ture against the Learned Judge, s Gentleman whom
he was proud to call his friend, whom he had
known fur near thirty years. He wished to know
whether calling that Learned Judge an intemperate
and a political Judge, and that he had travelled
from one side of that House to the other, could be
considered conformable to the rules of the House.
—(Hear.)
• The SPEAKER felt great difficulty when called
1' on upon an occasion of this kind. He confessed
that when he had heard the Hon. Gentleman
making these observations, it did come across his
mind that he was out of order; but on subsequent
consideration, he could not consider himself
.justi-
fied in calling • reference to the Learned Judge
disorderly, particularly when it was the gist and
gravamen of the Petition. Whatever the House
may think as to the propriety of the language used,
he certainly would not be warranted to saying it
was disorderly.
Mr. CREEVEY resumed. He contended that he
was justified in saying he.. was an intemperate
Judge, and that the act complained of was at least
contrary to the usual practice. He concluded by
saying that lie should support She prayer of the
Petition.
The SOLICITOR-GINERAL trusted the House
would indulge him while he offered a few words in
reitly,to the lion. Gentleman that just sat down.
That Hon. Gentleman had taken town' himself to
say, that the Learned Judge, in the course he pur-
sued. was actuated by motives of resentment
(Cries of " No, no")—and when an Hon. Mem-
ber maker such • grave and serious charge, he
(mien at least adduce some proof inatapport of it.
—(Cries of " No, wo.")—lf the Hon. Gentlemen
was ready to retract the charge, he was willing to
allow liitu.—(" No, no.")
Mr. CREEVIT-4* I 'alit no such thing; I said
he was an intemperate Judge. I will retract no-
thing."
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL (with mach empha.
sio)—" Am I to understand tbat the Hun. Gentle-
man retracts the charge 1—(" No, no, no." )
Retraction I call it—f" No, no. no")--for I do
contend he said that Learned Judge was actuated
by motives of resentment."—( Loud tries of " No,"
from the (Ipposition.)
Mr. J. SMITH rose to order. When a Gentleman
gives all explanation, ambushed been given by the
Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Creevey), he thought it was
quite disorderly for the Hun. and Learned Gentle-
man opposite to persevere in the term refraction.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR wished to restore regula-
rity. Ile had b•en present the whole time his Hon.
Friend was speaking, and, as well se his memory
setved him, he did nut hear him make use of the
word " resentment." And lie apprehended it was
quite incompetent for the Hose and Learned Gen-
tleman ' he had ted his,

_
should never be mentioned in a criminal way, with-
out being followed up with proof. He was of opi-
nion that the Learned Mudge del, upon that seer-
Dion. set in a -most inelciful manner. Here he
adopted the arguttient of the Solicitor-General.
What wee he to do? Could any man doubt that
open contempt its facie curia, was punishable by
fines or imprisonment ? Li any point of view,
lea the Judge allowed the Court to be reviled, and
himself insulted, he mu.t have imposed these fines,
or else tell the Jury that they must proceed with
the trial as if no defence had been attempted, and
had he pursued this course he would have given a
much greater ground of compleint.
Mr. SceitLarr regretted that engagements in
another place had prevented him from having the
advantage of the arguments of his Hon. and
Learned Friend who presented the Petition. His
own opinion was, that any defendant defending
himself in person, who is guilty of contempt of
court, deserves to be punished. He was one of
(hose who thought he should be allowed the utmost
possible latitude; but is.a defendant to be allowed
to violate both the law and the gospel, and openly
insult the Court, and then soy lie cannot proceed
with his defence unless he be permitted to do so?
Undoubtedly he was of opinion that a Court had
the power to punish for contempt, by imposing fines,
es well as imprisonment; and this he thought
necessary to support, what lie was always anxious
to do, the dignity of a Court of Justice. Hr
allowed there was a species of cinvempt which
occupied a good deal of public attentiou, on
the propriety of punishing which he had some
doubts : he meant the publishing the proceedings
of a Court of Justice. It was a question on which
he had great delicacy in giving an opinion, but he
thought that when u man gave these prnceeditigs
with fidelity, that it wits not contempt. It
appeared to him that a Judge might us well
issue an order that uo man should rend the pro-
ceedings when published, or that no min present
should commuoicute what occurred in the Court
when he went out, by parole, un mote than by
written communication. It was really a matter of
deep importance, and he thought that presented
great necessity of inquiry. He could not conceive
on what principle a Court of Quarter Sessions,
''one to try offenders, are authorised to issue such
The 4 couldosot issue such attachment,
-en's attend:and in Court, end ho
• 'eel, they were justified in

The Right Hon. Gentleman being about to read
the passage, was again reminded by the SPEAKER,
that he was transgressing the rules of the Hulse
by readifig • piper for which he bad nut obtained
their permission.
Mr. gERNAL trusted that the Attorney-Ge-
vend-would be suffered to take his own course. '
T,T /TORNEY-GENZIAL was willing to bow to
04' ratan or the House, if it were so necessary,
t
fort,e gist time he had ever witpea•ed ir, rigidly
iF
to n orce the order.—(" Go ea," I,' Need, read.")
' .—['Tit risagt being read, proved to be some fool-
isriadvice'of the defendant to throw away the Holy'
Sc.ritnees; and take up P.ine's .dge of Kenyon in
their stead.]-7-It had lately become a practice for
defendlint:. to repeat the blasphemies with whirls.
th4.i,ece Clirirged as part of, their &fence. The'
JOtrg, 4.)_ithe preient. cope rebuked thAdefendont
fox rei,tiiiiiiiiir the blespheinies, mid told him that
be Would be, under the necessity of imposing a fine tin
iii.fir COntetupt if be.persisted. He did persist,
suit was fined,el. lle repeated the same °Wetter,
aml. Afiki again cautioned. Ile then tmentnenced
an atfrick un the whole profession of the law,
,and beingigain
interrupted
by the Judge, held
.--V
a* It key, and void, " Here ti" the key of the
,
uni‘epu, send rte' to it at *new, ford am deter-
toed
~ lio to so through with, my,„defence," Upon
Via the,,joilgerhno spin. He proceeded *ill.
ii,loal&writtera. 4411E4, which rehearsed some of the
bleailitinies,,ipthl.which lie was chorged, and he
was 644, A.,,thjiil tirsie, The man afterwards
pleAml 'itlSsf ,Itef hail. a wife and a low family,
"10 • the "4.1141 iii, remitted the finea before slimming
4 Ilie gAsg was brought before the Court of
"Alves flinch, on a role gnint.e.l fur, the purpose,
and so 1.4 r rfor it not, baring been , heard Jim, 3ir.
sped, , As boo been Assumed . by the, Ocut. owl
I,!ay,o4o,llle.mli.t,e,:iliiim.werg long plrothuss upon
" ' inC1114".?0 .I.Yi"tOta his ."/°] IPPIi-PFent
had" flit-, Whed)uoi wititO slioTf yote 4 ,what took
plikeei:— c read the OPiniops qt the 411dges up"
the cps!. He
tiny i ow %lotion, whir.ll might
\i)
be, thrown on the coOlioe,t or the,,lleopied Judge
w iio tried the'petiiiipoirit._.)o4t (whg. Ronlo,l* the
efect.of the .doctrine met pp by ttslyerr. anal 6e.
CO 44 ,' Were defendant* rainy, tg, lie.esetopt
(rig( sll;centrok and to be allowed to,asy any thing
they Fleirea ? That was the fair infervnue from
the doctrine assumed, that defendants could not

to say retrsc —expression.
&fie, n few words from the SPEAKER, the SO LI-
C rroit-G EN ERA resumed. The Hon. Gentlemen
has taken upon himself to charge the Learned Judge
with intemperate couduct, and not in this case
solely, but he referred to • trial of an Hon. Mem-
ber 0111;6 House. This he considered a charge of •
moat serious nature ; but he would ask what there
was in the conduct of that Learned Judge to
justify such u charge t And if such a charge
could with propriety be brought against the Judge,
how will that Hon. Gentleman justify himself to
the country fur rest &minding an investigation into
such an offence ? Let them only advert to the
circumstances of that case, and see what
there was to justify such •n imputation.—
Oil the libellous character und nature of that letter,
all the Judges unser l i 11l onsly c yawed, not even
excepting the Learned Judge (Bayley), who dif-
fered from the others on • technicril point. But
even Judge Bayley declared that it was a most ma-
lignant libel, end tile majority of the Court coo-
firmed the dicision of &Ir. Justice Best. Yet the
Hon. Memobe► for Appleby (Hr. Creevey) charges
the Learned Judge.with intemperance on that veil'.
; and he prayed the House to consider what
Wa3 the character of tire mail Il i 11l self who made
this charge. With respect to the present case,

•
uo reasonable , asa.a could entertain • doubt.
Davison hail Nen iridictril for two libel'.
of a, !post blaaphrnions nature. lie that erne-
ruanced.potb a I uulotuitletl imputation on the
geittlelneta
.of the her, upon which the Learned
void

to compel a
was at a loss to know t►ow
issuing such an order.
Lord Csret.exttscu was sorry to call the Hon.
■nd Learned Ge►►tleman to order; bet he was
quite sure his own discretion was equivalent. He
could not conceive how a question of contempt,
that hats been slresdy deviled, could be brought
within the regions of argument on the present
question.
Mr. 5C.1111.677 would not detain the House
longer, but he hoped it was unnecessary for him to
assure theou, that it was far from his intention to
speak with irreverence of the decisions of the
Judges.
Sir FRANCts BLAKE thought that the right of
petitioning one of the most invaluable privileges
of Englishmen, and that they should be expressed
iu hold energetic terms, and the bolder the better.
(Hear, heat•.)—Tliese were his sentiments and opi-
nions, and it was in the spirit of these feelings,
that be prayed the attention of the House to the
petitions of the people. They should be granted
every indulgence to express their sentiments in

strong but constitutional language.
Mr. COURTEMAY addressed the F-louse, hat we
could not hear to what points he referred. He was
called to order by Mr. Curwen.
Lord CASTLIMEAGH thought that after the mat-
ter had undergone a solemn decision, it was not com-
petent for them to interfere. They all knew with
what extreme propriety the judicial functions were
exercised, and although an individual hail re-
sorted to abuse, the greatest liberality was allowed
him, and he did ►tot think it would become that
• House to infringe on that indulgence. He thought
the House ought not to 'auction such a flagrant
violation ,of the right of petitioning, by allowing
that Petition to lie on their table, unless they were
prepared to go the whole length of saying, tort any
tndv►dual, aguiast whom the SeIIiCIICC of the law
bad been pronounced, has a right to redress from
the House. The House may depend on it, the
right of petitioning can never be distroyed in this
country but by its own Attie ; and this he co►.
ceived to be one of the greatc.t abuses that ever
was presented to the House. They could not de-
ceive themselves, nor could it be concealed from
them, that there was a growing disposition iii
the country to agitate thepeople with Petitions, and
th•- this disposition is supported by Members within

~",~

gor:'l c.""7"7"1"--
44 (!(

..•
close; 'and he'ltad tie 4ilebbt thsit the te- too much time h3l been consumed in-attending to
was desirous of heinrcommitted, foe he I the Petitions 4.f the people.
not aware that the Corset had the power of Lard Cssmeess•N explained.
"The Hon. end Learned Gent. then went I Mr. GRANT resumed. He understood him to
detail of, the proceedings at that triiil.l say, that the House should remonstrate and sit-
granted to whew cause why a new trial monish the people on the subject of their Petitions.
. be had. Alt ids& /silent coUltdo for He thought thetif rhOtt Petitions were cc/itched in
done with respect both to the ruesSts ofid decent and respectful terms, they should he re-
, ', awl after a most vile delitierationotoo• eeived. And he thought it was the duty of the
site* to what results it IrMild lead. He concluded lemn decision was pronoitteed- by the Court 4114 House 'to keep • careful watch over the Courts of
by observing-Wet there were no grounds fur enter- there wire no grounds for a new trial, 'awl ;hat the Juoice, no matter how dignified of exalted they
tenting the prevent Petition. 'Judge was justified in ithposing those fines. He may he. From what he had heard or that Petition.
My. CRIME`, observed, that the circumstance therefore apprehended that unless' that Honest br- there armoired to him to be nothing to which the
of the "Judge having acted legally seemed to be catne a Court of Appeal, they could not receive the House could object.
what the Gentlemen pppoiite founded their argu- Petition. Mr. BRIGHT was astoniihed to hear the matter
molts on. But that was not precisely the point : Mr. LOCKHART stated, that when the Petition treated as a question of law. It was not strictly
the questifits is, whether it was not coutrsry to the was Am read, it was his issferstibn to support it, not so, it WAS a(1 Aebt.loll of wrong. The real question
usage and practice of the Courts The Petition I from any doubt he entertained as to the power of was, whether that House .superintended the Courts
was most properly introduced, for it was a questibn the Judge to impose those finer, but from the idea of Lew, and whether British subjects did not
that reqvired the most serious consideration of the that St least it might be considered a stretch of i suffer a grievance under the appearance of law.
House. For the talents of the Learned Judge in Power.; but since the very clear explanatiou given This was one of the first principles of the Con-
question he bad a great respect ; but This he must by the Solicitor-General, his mind was quite ratio- stitution io the best of age., and we are come
pay, that he was an intemperate Judge—and he fied, and he thought that the name of a Jody,- to an end of it when these things sr/moot be spoken
- - -
hid 'hewed

of in the House of Commons.—(Near.)—Where
have been many instances on record of Judges
doing wrong, and of that House righting it. He
did not mean to say the Learned Judge could not
justify his conduct by argument, but certainly not
by precedent. There war no precedent that could
be found of ■ Judge threatening to tine a defendant
three times in • day and then withdrawing them.—
(Hear.)—He would slot only vote that the Petition
be received, but that it be printed, meld a Com-
mittee formed to consider what steps should be
taken on it.—(Hear.)
Mr. C. H. HUTCHINSON could not suppose he
had understood the Noble .Lord, if so, he held
doctrines that must give offence to every man who
bud the principles of freedom, or one single spark
of liberty in his heart. •He was disposed to believe
that he misunderstood the Noble Lord. He said
that he had not heard the Petition read, but that he
' had heard enough of it to induce him to say, that
it was such a Petition as ought not to be presented
to the House. For aught he knew to the contrary,
it miet be sn, although he could not think that
the Hun. and Learned Gentleman (Mr. Denman)
would present such a Petition to the House. But
was it to he endured that the Minister of the
Crown, after having extended the yoke of slavery
from England to the Continent, should come down
to that House, and tell them, on the statement of
the Hon. and Learned Gentlemen who acted in
office under him, that the Petition was such as should
not be received---(Hear) —and what does be say ?
he charges the people with disloyalty and disaffec-
tion ; he does all he can to drive the people to
madness,
.asid then he tells them they shall have no
redress, and that their Petition shall not be heard.
Lord C•STLEREAGH rose to correct the mistate-
memo, lie would not call them misrepresentations,
of the Hon. Gentleman. He was there us Minister
of the Crown, and was responsible for his conduct,
but he was also a Member of Parliament delivering
his sentiments.
Lord ALTHOItr was always anxious that the
Petitions of the people should be beard, and lie
hoped the Noble Lord would not persevere iu his
opposition,
Mr. WYNN stated that it would be quite irregular
for the House to interfere. Some time since a person
applied to him to present a Petition to the House,
on a decision iu the Court of King's Bench, and
lie told him he could not do so, for the House of
Commons was not a Conrt of Appeal. If so, every
man agsinst whom a decision wus pronounced may
apply to that House for redrew.
Mr. BERNAL thought the House should throw
open their doors to the petitions of the people, for
it was pregnant with danger to refuse them.
Mr. flusgtssott would suit delay the House. He
was anxious that the petitions of the people should
be heard, but he thought the House should not en-
tertain what might be considered a libel on the ad-
ministration of justice in this country.
Sir R. C. Feauttsots could not have thought that
a Minister of the Crown would have dared to come
down to the Commons of England, and tell them
the Petitions of the people should not be received.
He said dared, for he never heard of an instance of
it before. The Hon. and Learned Gentleman who
brought forward the Petition, stated nothing in it
that was improper.
Mr. BANICES thought that from the *hewing of
the Hon. and Learned Gentleman who brought for-
ward the Petition, that it was such a one as should
not be presented, until the Hon. Member who
it it up would declare that in his opinion it

brough! J opin,
was fit to be received. Ile objected to this Peti-
tion being brought up, not only on the ground of
expediency, but also because it contained an alle-
gation which was false, cud which the Hoo. Mem-
ber who presented it declared he himself did not
believe. He objected to this Petition being brought
up, if for no other reason but bemuse it brought
the name of an Honourable turd Learned Judge be-
fore the House in a manner extremely derogatory
and improper. The Noble Lord (Castlereagh), as
he understood him, objected to the Petition being
rearl, because he knew enough of the contents to
judge it would be improper to be received and laid
oo the table, and for that reason he must also ob-
ject to ir.
Mr. CURWEN said, that long as he had sat in
that Ilium, and singular as the doctrines were
which he had sometimes heard, the sentiments amid
opinions of this night surpassed them all. Ile
thought that Members were bound to present Peti-
tions, and the House to receive them, if they were
expressed in decorous language. He saw no evil
arising from it. It was true the name of the
Learned Judge had been introduced in the debate,
but for his part the discussion hail convinced him
that the. Learned Judge had meted perfectly right.
He regretted the oppo,ition given by the Noble

oy tilt .
_.. ,
.. ~
Lord, which if he persevered in he (11c. Curweile
would feel himself bound to vote for receiving the
Petition. Fur tt.e..oug.. I h hr from what he had heard
he might be iiatisti• d that no improrr motive could
be imputed to the Le.telied Judge, yet he thought
.. .
` evsentud

it . to hear the Petition read, He 10..ked
with great jealousy on any thing like narrowing the
tight of the subject to petition that House. There
watt u poiht when it become virtual's mid tight to
*gist the Government, though no moo would soy
where that point was situated ; yet rejecting the
Petitions of the people had a fatal tendency to
illustrate a subject which, every one must wish to
be kept in obscurity.

;

•
• - •

+~"'

~ ' i.

i~

.

. .
Mr. C. Lows would not have riven but to
justify his Noble Friend (Lord Cebtlereagl.) (Kim
the imputation of having uttered tiny thing like
a general sentinrent against receiving Petitions.
which the 'Gentlemen opposite repeated over Rini

over spin, notwithstanding eve►• disclaimer. The
argument of the Hutt. Member (Mr. Citroen) war a •
little Angular. He professed himself satisfied that the
Learned Judge had done perfectiy right, and yet
he declared he would vote for the Petition being
brought top, thoogh it contained a libel on the
•Jiitl‘te. It teas argued on the other stile as if every

l',lcutott put jut° the b.& of Hon. Members must

he brought up.; if that were the ease, it would be
high tune to alter their rules ; but there was a
question always put which satisfied him that ouch
was not the cash It was said that the language
only must be decorous, but he contended tlta► the
matter also might be a groand fur objecting to a
Petition being brought sip.
Mr. J. P. GRANT and Mr. C. LONG explained.
Sir JOHN NSW PORT said the question lay to ii
very narrow compass. The question was, " shall
the Petition he breeght up ?" The House at pre-
vent were ignorant of the contents, and even those
who bad opposed it seemed to be obliged to
crier hints, and pick up matter UV they went along.
lle could not conceive of a Petition were decorously
worded that the rule of the House seed go further,
and that he believed was the extent of it. What
was the reason that at the commencement of every
Session the House appointed a Committee of Jus-
tire to sit, e-xcept it were to take cognizance of the
conduct of Judges, should any occavion arise? At
any time the House ought to be guarded against
shutting their chorr against Prtinoo•, but mere
particularly in times of weld public distress. He
could scarcely conceive tiny thing more injudici-
ous Ilidit refusing to hear the Petition read.
The CHAticiti.Loa of the EZCNRQURR said, that
on looking to their Journals it would be found
that there were frequent instaincra of Petitions
bring rejected not only for the language, bi t
also on account of the matter, and one of the most
common instances was where the Petition contained
a libel on any individual. 'Chi, Petition, it was.
acknowledged, contained a libel on the Learned
Judge.—(No, no .I—lt was acknowledged by the
Learned Gentleman who had the Petition to pre-
seid, that it contained an allegition which was
false. As to the question of the leg dity, it had al..
ready been decided in the Conic of King's Bench_
Mr. DKNMAN said he was aware he had no right
to reply, but as the whole of the argument on the
other side had proceeded on a mistake of what he
had stated, he thought be was entitled to explain.
He had not said the Petition contained a libel, but
a charge against the Learned Judge ; neither had
he said that be knew the imputation to be false t on
the contrary, he had said he knew nothing about it,
as he had nut attended the trial. He had indeed
stated, from his knowledge of the character of the
Learned Judge, that he dill not believe it. It had
Oro been objected that he had not stated him-
, *elf to be prepared to found any measure upon it;
but, on the contrary, he hiss stated that it might
either be referred to the Grand Committee of Jena
lice, or to a particular C mittee to be appointed
for the purpose, or the House might adopt some
legislative measure, with a view to limit the power
of contempt, which bad been of late so very largely
exercised.
Mr. R. MARTIx opposed receiving the Petition
on grounds of expediency.
The House then divided, when there apneered—•
For receiving the Petition 37

Against it - . 64

Majority
GRAMPOUND.
The further consideration of the Report on the
Grimpound Disfranchisement Bill was postponed
to Friday next.
The House then went into a Committee on the
African Company's Officers' Allowance Bill. Se-
veral Resolutions were agreed to, and the Report
was ordered to be received on Monday next.
The Nova Scotia Trade Bill was read a second
time, and ordered to be committed on Monday
next.
NEW SOUTH WALES DUTIES BILL.

Mr. Gotaituars then moved the Order of the
Day far the second reading of the New South
Wales Duties Bill.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT said, l►e recollected that
the public had on one occasion suffered a great
loss from allowing a public acountant to draw on
account without inspecting the balances which he
held in his hands; as the same system was pur-
sued at New South Wales, &c. he therefore cau-
tioned the Right Hon. Gentleman against a system
Ly which the public had already suffered so se-
verely.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER EA.
that by the arrangements now adopteal no such
misfortune as that alluded to by the Right Ho-
nourable Baronet could again occur.
lONIAN ISLES.

Mr. Husie rose to make the motion of which he
had given notice. He conceived that the Colonial
Department offered better means for reducing the
expenditure than any other Department of Go-
vernment. By the. Treaty of Paris, the lonian
Islands were constituted en independent Slate un-
der the protection of Great Britain. By a Con-
vention subsequently made Intwern this Country
and the lonian States. it was provided that all the
miltary expense. so far as related to 3,000 men,
should be defrayed out of the revenues of the
islands; but Ent one shilling had been paid hitherto.
—ln 1817, 145,000/. and in HIM 120,000/. had
been paid by this country. end the complaint he
made was, that the Lord High Comm-stonier hail
squandered away the revenues, instead of spplyisig
them to the payment of the military garrison.-.-
FWm 1800 to 1807, Whfigt under the protection
of Russia, the revenues amounted to nearly
400.000/. per annum : he would not he precise at
to the amount, but whatever it MOP, it aussered all
the purposes of that Government. 'rise Honoura-
ble Member complained of the appointments made
of useless officers at high ralarirri, and instanced
particularly the appointment of six Inspecting Offi-
cers of Miliiin, one of shorn the Hon. Col. Stewart.
had been in the country for this lied IS months.—
lie maintained that the sularies of the several.
officer* were- excessive, aid oaght to be reduced;
it woolathe foetid That they had all been increased
since the Republic • cote. Under our protection.
The Chief of the Setiate had a large salary, for.

be 'ptinished qie any thing raid fry them in their *cessity, elos
defence by shy process st fendant was
Mr. Hottkonss—" I bee pardon: I said quite was not se
thi'conirary, sod quoted eases to strew that de- Btwug. •[T
fendant (Order oiler:) into • detsi
The ArroitstY-dissaiL benr, d pardon. But A role war
suppooing the Flom Member to hare wanted that should not
defendants were Not punishable in any way 'Mr hicq was dot
their co.,duct its their defence, he was shout to the law, tai
