-

. and they were generally treated with kindne:s,
ch as he had known a great family in this country
nT to their ancient domestics. He also had been
an eye witness to the trade carried on on the mitt of
Africa, and -although he could not say in what man-
ner they might have been collefted in the interim,
'yet their treatment on the coast, and during the mid-
dle passage, was inhuman to a degree, most shock-
ing' ! Parents v:ere tern from their children, infants
snatched from the breasts of their mother:, while
the usilkappy parents were pinioned down in chains
to the bottom of the. bold of a Guinea ship, fre-
quently serrounded by famine and death. He then
advt.; ted to the case of a policy of insurance tried in
the Court of King's Bench, where the slaves, in
hopes of liberty, having attacked the crew. were fired
upon, and while some were mortally wieunded,
' others were thrown overboard, a prey to the
sharks ; while those who remained, were mingled
with the dead and dying; and in this care, con-
tinued the Learned Lord, a British Jury was called
on to say how many were lost byldeath, how many
by the perils of the sea, and thus to indemnify the
robber against the loss of his plunder; he there-
fore asked, was this praaice consistent with hu-
manity and justice ? And as we know the evil to
exist, it was our duty to God, and to our country,
which was the morning star that enlightened Europe,
and whose boast and glory was to grant liberty and
life, and administer hunsanity and justice to all na-
tions, to remedy that evil ; and he had so high an
opinion of the planters in those islands, he was con-
vinced they would go hand in hand with the Par-
li:ment upon this measure.
The Earl of WESTMORLAND congratulated
the Noble and Learned Lord upon the new ligie
which had flashed upon him ; but having himself
presented the Petition against this measure, he
offered a fer observations. The question was not
between the merchants of Liverpool, and the Abo-
litionists, bitt a great general question, inoclving the
interests of the public at large. This measure
called upon the House to pledge itself to libel their
ancestors, and calumniate individuals. At this
period of the year, he considered it impolitic and
improper for Government to entertain abstral re-
solutions upon this subject, which might, although
consistent with justice and humanity, be contrary to
policy, and vice verse, and should not be brought
forward without further evidence, exanlina-
tion, and proof. He quoted Holy Writ, to
chew that slavery existed from the beginame of the
world to the present day, and was not contrary to
the law of nations ; and putting out of the question
all that had been sung in ballads, or written in
novels, there still was nothing inimical to this
praElice. He thought the present, being so near
the close of the sessions, was not a fit time to
try the question, and therefore gave it his decided
opposition.
The Bishop of ST. A SAPH replied, that how-
ever the Mosaic and other laws might have allowed
slavery, under certain restrictions, yet there was no
authority whatever authorising tie Slave frade.
The state of slavery was an evil degrading to man-
kind, and though fed with the choicest viands, and
always reclining on a 6,d of rose:, the idea to him
was abominable ; it was inconsistent with justice and
humanity. and contrary to the principles of that re-
ligion which taught us to promote and diffuse hap-
piness among our fellow creatures. He, therefore,
warmly supported the present motion, hoping it
would*a the fore; inner of the general Abolition of
that pratlice.
The Earl of SUFFOLK made a few observations
in favour of the measure.
Lewd HOLLAND entered into an able reply to
the Noble Eatl and Baron on the other side, which
we regret our limits will nor permit us to detail at
length. He considered the arguments, on the other
• side, wholly misapplied to the quest:en before the
House, which was a measure, since he was able to
think upon the subjeCt, he always looked upon as
inhuman, disgraceful, and degrading to this coun-
try ; and for these reasons heartily concurred in the
motion of his Noble Friend (Lord Grenville).
Lord SIDMOU 11-1 declared his sentiments in
favour of the general principle of the measure, but
opposed the present question on the ground, that he
could not reconcile it to himself to have it put upon
the Journals Gf that House, that any long established
custom of this country was inhuman and unjust,
' until some certain mode was adopted for the aboli-
tion of such a custom.
Earl STANHOI'E expressed much surprise
at hearing what fell from the Noble Lord who last
spoke ; Hs arguments were paradoxical, nor
had he ever heard so whimsical a reason given, in
so whimsical a way. The question, whether this
• was just or unjust, could not be doubted, when it
was recolleCted whole villages were stripped of their
women eel children, to supply the rapacity of those
b utes in the West Indies.
Lord iiiIDNIOU fH shortly explained.
Earl GROSVENOR made a few observa-
tions in favour of the measure.
Earl FITZWILLIAM approved of the measure
upon general principles, but opposed the present
eptestinn, as rather too abrupt.
Lord ELLEN BOROUGH and Earl SPENCER
spoke decidedly in favour of the measure.
Lord GRENVILLE then rose, he said, not for
the purpose of replying, at that late hour, but
merely to intimate to their Lordships, before they
ahauld divide, and the House got thin of attendance,
that in case this question was carried in the affir-
mative, he should then move, " that an address he
gresented to His Majesty, praying him to consult
with other riveters upon this subjes.g.”
The question bog called for, the House di-
vided; when there appeared, for adopting the Reso-
lution of the House of Commons—Contents,
4l—Non Con-tents, Ro.—Majority 21.
Lord GRENVILLE then made his promised
moti.vn for an Address to His Majesty, which was
similar to that moved in the Commons by Mr.
F_ix, nrd was agreed to nem. din.
The other Orders were chsposed of, and at one
o'clock the [douse adjourned.

NOUSE OF COMMONS.

On the mntion of Sir A. Welk ley, it W2l °Mere °that there
be taol balm, ate H..... a C0.,-1 of the Minute, of the Fri-
tvtiee taken on the. o.trie cha ge ag.ittut tna Martole
e.. Wet-
from the Custom II Jute, presented an Account
ehLtie Footign I.uteet latitortel Gre.it .tan

-7-. -
.3

•
for three year/, ending the Sth of January 111'.4.—Osicted to
he on the Table.
Mr. R. Thornton Isrmight io the East India Sugar
ti•rn Ili), which was read a fro. arskoidured to bt read a secorol
time te.monoir.
Mr. Hobboute brought the.report of I'm Spirit
Licence Regulattoo BO', which was treed to, turd the Bill
ordered to he read a third time to-utserow •
Mr. G:tt brought nit the ratiort of the SAM Committee
appointed to inspect the Proceedings oil the TAI of Lord
Vissusesit M rifle —finked lobe printed.
T:io further consideration of the Report of the Committee
011 AllefaCti Taxes Allowances Bill 11104 deferred to

day next.
Mr. Hohhoute deferred Vie o,tli of the Day for ring into
a Committee on the Oude Charge till tr.nioriovr.
The House, in a Committee on the Scotch Distilleries.
came to a resolution, that the ditties now payable on the dis-
tilicry of sp:ritt, and on small wine', in Sanland, should cease
and determine, provisions to that effect having been made in
the Qlli now in its progress through the floe.,
Mr. llobhnuse brought up the Itcpoit of the Bill for regn.
lating the Office of Receiver General of Stamp Duties, which
was agreed to, and the BM ordered to be read a tliiol time to.
morrow.
On the motion of Mr. Vansittait, it was ordered that the
Howe choodd tomorrow resolve into a Committee, to e,,nsider
of so much of We Post-Office Laws, as related to the carnage

Letters.
BANKRUPT LAWS.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL gave notice, that
he should on Thursday next move fur leave to bring
in a Bill to amend the laws relating to bankrupts,
and to prevent fraudulent bankruptcies.
LINEN DRAWYACKS.
Mr. FOSTER moved the bringing up of the re-
port of the Committee on the Linen Drawback
13W.
Mr. STEWART, after making. a few observa-
tions on the limitation of time appointed in the Bill,
and the evil praftice of importing goods from Prus-
sia, and several parts of Germany, for the purpose
of receiving the drawbacks, which was highly in-
jurious to the trade of Iteland, moved " that the Bill
be re-committed."
Mr. DAWSON complained, that the evils ad-
mitted to exist,grew out of the errors coritalied in the
Bill of last year, which, either by fraud or mistake,
produced the iturcslittlion of Foreign Linen, to the
great detriment of the Irish Trade, by deptivin;
diem of the supply of the West India Islands, which
they before possessed. If such an error had hap-
pened while Irelar.d had a resident and independent.
Parliament, there coul.l be no.doubt, that on the
opening of the :.est session, it would have been im-
mediately correCted. !lc was not disposed to ask
any preference in favour ill Ireland; but after it had
made a common cause with this country, it had a
right to expea that it would have beers fairly dealt
by. The people of Ireland, in general, had long
approved of the principles of the present Admirer-
tration, and thought their appointment to office,
a tavoutable circumstance for them; and it would
certainly be no more than justice to Ir.:and
to give her that which a Board of Commissioners
in this country, last Session, declared that she
ought to be allowed. What she requires! was, that
she may be allowed in this Session,wnat was intend-
ed for her in the next ; and not to be placed in a
worse situation than she was in before. He con-
cluded with expressing „is reliance on the justice of
the House, and the principles of the present Ad-
, ministration, not to be above carreeting errors
I which they knew to he unjust. such as that of put-
ting the onus prohanda upon Ireland, and placing her
in the situation of a Plaintiff.
Lord H Pll.l.lt' said, that he agreed generally
in the views which the lion. Gentleman had taken
of the subjetl, bat he did not see that in this case the
onus Asrebandi was thrown upon Ireland, or its rime.
rests neglefted. It was allowed, that a mistake
had occurred in the late Aft of Parliament, re-
speCting the description of the linen on which
the drawback was to be allowed. This gave rise
to two descriptions of sufferers; first, the linen
manufaCturers of Ireland ; and, secondly, the
merchants in this country, who woe misled by
the mistake, and gave their orders accordingly.
The extension of time here proposed, was to g.ee
the merchants of this country an opportunity of
either withdrawing their capitals from this trade, or
of proving, to the satisfwaion of the House, that it
was not injurious to the interests of Ireland. Be-
tween the two parties, it was certainly right to deal
out a fair, just, and impartial measure. For him-
self, be must say, that the feelings he possessed, and
the conneCtions he had with Ireland, could nor suf-
fer him to be indifferent to its interests ; and, he
believed, the general feeling of the House was to
deal with fairness, according to the relative situa-
tion of the two parties. •
Sir J. NEWPOIt I.' said, the only difference in
this case between him and his Noble Friend was.
whether the Bill should extend only to the 23J of
December, as he proposed, or to the 23th of March
following, as seemed to be the wish of the Noble
Lord ? If the last should be adopted, the effeft of
it would be only to hold out delusive hopes to the
numbers embarked in the trade, from the mistakes
that crept into the late erroneous Aft. As to any
other effeft of the longer period, though it would
discourage the Irish manufaCtures, it would ant
give the merchants any advantage in respea to
their contra Els, as they could neither send nor re.
wive cargoes to or from the Baltic, in the interme-
diate time. What he proposed, therefore, appeared
to him the best for doing away both the operation
and the spirit of the late Ad, before the next session
of Parliament.
Mr. FOSTER said, he considered England. Ire-
land. and Scotland, to be equally embarked in the
linen trade, and that every measure respeCtin,,o it
should have proportion:3 reference to all. There
were three markets, those of July. September, and
December, before the expiration of this Ad. By its
continuance, the Irish manufaCturer may lose, and
the English merchant be no gainer, as he could
neither receive, nor send out cargoes, without the
lapse of fifteen months. He observed, that it was
many years since Ireland had made a compaCt with
this country, by which she gave up the woollen
trade, then her staple commodity, to obtain some
advantage in the manutafture of her linen. The
bargain was made between the Parliammus of the
two countries; and though,by the Aft of Union, one
of those contra Sing parties was taken away, and
the whole vested in the resident Imperial Parlia-
ment here, it was no more than just that the Im-
perial Parliament should nevertheless consider itself
as the guardian of the agreement.
Mr. MAY made a fee observations, but we were
unable to discover on whizh side of the question.

Mr. ROSE wished to explain, that when the late
Aft aas in agitation, he thought it more advisable
that she old Law should continue as it as but ?be
vidence given on the subjeft bed madras different
impression -upon others, to whose opinioos he sub-
mitted. If, fsowever, mush .depend d upon the
assortment of the etude,
he thought it might be
better to let the drawback remain as it was.
After a few words from Mr A LEX ANDE ft, the
House divided lin tEct amended motion for rero.r.-
mating the Bill, when the numbers were—For it
SO—Against it 40—Majority 10.
The Report was then ordered to be taken into
further consideration to-morrow.
015 MAJESrY'S MESSAGE. •
HOSPITAL AND CHEST OF GREENWICH.
Viscount HOWICK moved the Orderof the Day
for the House resolving itself into a Committee on
His Majesty's Message ; which being complied
with, Mr. Alexander in the Chair, Isis Lordship
istated,
complianceth a t tlsewoibt jhe fi het
he hadrec o
mt onip,rnodpaotsi
oe attmparde
7senbty,
His Majesty. was to take measures for providing
a competent allowance for aged, infirm, and wound-
ed seamen, when they were no longer capable of .
service. The papers already on the table would
clearly shew the state of the revenues and expendi-
ture both of the Chest and Hospital. The Hos-
pital was first instituted as an asylum for worn out
and wounded seamen; but the ohjeds of its muni-
ficent establishnient bad since been augmented, and
the allo vance to out-pensioners was 71. n year each;
which had not been increased wince the year,lltiB.
nor those from the Chest, now temoved 'from
Chatham to Greenwich, for halt a century. The
revenues of the Hospital he stated at 8ii,7601. and
its expenditure at 14,5 lth leaving a surplus •of
12,2601 By the new regulation, the general allow-
ance to out-pensioners would remain as at present,
11. a year ; hut a discretion would be left in certain
Cases, or in proportion to the merit of services, to
extend them to one shilling a days or 181. 5s a
year, which was calculated to make an increase
of 17,0001. The provision to be made for this,
must be cut of the fund of five percent. on all prizes
and bounty, increased as they would be by the
deals. of Admiralty. The prim-money now sea
estimated to produce in the whole 1,250.00 tl. ;
hut only calculating it on the smaller average of
1,000.0001. a year, a twentieth pair of that wcall.l
be applied for the use of Greortwi,li t to.pital,
amounting to 53,0001. annually It was true, that
this aid only accrued in time of war, an 1. coni.equent-
ly, was subjc2l to a sl,:lalc.;tion in time of peace,
which would leavean average defi:ieacy (431,W:43h;
but though the revenues woulu be less, the ex-
pence also would be diminished in proportion,
and a -great resource would be found in the
beneficial manner is which the fistula. and sur-
plus revenues of the Hospital were employed
Besides these, it was to be considered that there
was lately an increase of 40041. a year in the es-
tates bel .nging to the Hospital, and an augmet::a.
tiun to the same amount upon its farms, as well as
200,0001. of surplus prize money. With. all these
there could remain no more than a deficiency so
trifling, as to be no objeft to the country, and the
Muse would, no doubt, feel satisfaftiton in learn.
ing, that, at all events, the present resources
were fully sufficient to cover toe present expenclii
cure. The next subjell he had to refer to was
that of the chest, which was established or instil
tuted at Chatham, in the year 1596; and, on the re.
commendation of the Board of Naval Commission-
ers, very properly, transferred to Greenwich in 1803.
The allowances from this fund were ccnfined to
wounded seamen only. What he had to submit was,
to proportion and extend this allowance as might be
thought most advisable,such asfor the loss of one eye,
61. for loss of sight, 81. for loss of limbs, 121. a year;
which may be estimated at the sum of 1,200,0001.
for the whole establishment. The present payment
from the chest was 8.2631. its receipts, last year,
62,0001. ; and, including, therefore, the estimate at
the rate of 55,0001. there would be a surplus, for
this year, of 6,6001.; but, when all their funds and
resources were taken into the calculation, the clear
surplus would be 22,0001. even allowing for some
deficiency in time of peace. The only provision he
had farther to stiletto to, was a small pension, in
certain cases, to Post-Captains, Masters and Com-
manders, and Lieutenants, ad of which, he was
sure, would not be considered by the House,
when applied to such objeils, an aft of generosity or
liberality, bat an aft of duty, and of gratitude.
He concluded with.moving a resolution." that these
be dedutcd from all prize money the suns of 11.
13s. 4d. per cent. for the use of the Royal Hos-
pital, and cf 31. th Bd. per cent, for the use of
the Chest at Greenwich," which was agreed to, and
the report ordered to be received to-morrow.
His Lordship then moved, " That the House
shoull to-morrow resolve itself into a Committee,
to consider of so much of the laws of caption, as
relate to the bounty money granted for every man
on board ships of the enemy taken or destroyed ;"
which was agreed to.
A Message from the Lords announced, that they
• had agreed to the Tortola Free Port, and one pri-
vate Bill.
Mr. W. Smith presented two Petitions, one from
the Albion Insurance, and the other from the Life
Insurance Company, agaiust the Globe Insurance
Corporation Bill.
EAST INDIA AFFAIRS.
Mr. PAUL said, that seeing one of the Members
of the India Board present, he wished to submit one
question to him. A dispatch was received this day
horn India, and he then held in his hand a copy of
a definitive treaty of peace between Holkar, and
Sir George Barlow, on the part of the East lhdia
Company. what he wished therefore to know was,
whether she Ministers had officially received this
information ? and whether they meant to bring for-
ward any specific motion on it ? If they did not,
he gave notice, that it was his intention, however
incompetent he may be thought for such a task,
to make this information the sulojeet of a motion,
unless he should be anticipated by the Ministers in
the course of next week. fie then moved. " that
Lieutenant-General St. Ledger, lute of the 27th
European regiment, do attend the Committee to-
morrow, on the Onde charge."
The SPEAKER informed the Honourable Mem-
ber, that he was not at liberty to mix two subjeas
in the manner he had done.
IaIr.CREEVEY said, that a dispatch bad been re-

ceived from India to the eri Mentioned by 11.,
LJon GentlemAn ; but sdivl noLii:ug of any intention
of a motion on the part et Govi.ruaie,4 upon 0..“

suit& •
Ihe motion for, the attendance of General St.
Ledger was agreed to ; and
Mr. PAUL tanewed his tioticeof itineration on the
suhjeft of the peace with Hotkar. it Rothiag of .the
same hind should be done next work on the part of
Government. • ' •
Mr. Alexander bretuaht, by theeepott, of ea
Committee on the N twfoundlaiid Tiede, which .
WAS agteed to, and a bill ordered to be brought is
upon it. • •
GLOBE INstlltablCE. IitICOEPOrs \nom SILL.
Sir I'. isiIErCALFS Moved the casual i
of the Dill for Incorporating this Gi.Ase Insurance
Company .
VI:coolie CASTLEREAGH sat I, that if Counsel
should be called in and hear.' moan this Bill, as was
agreed to, it ivouldpeolvable last fill a late hnur, in
whirls case, be wished to know, if it was intended
to bring on other busioesa of impot tame (the Train-
ing Bill) which stood upon the order? as unless that
was ascertained, it was probable that smetat Meat-
ben might go away.
Lord HENRY PET IV said, that if the pre-
sent subjeet ih-uld continue to a late hone, he sup-
posed it would be egjaeihent to put off the other
busbies,.
Sir J. ANDERSON opanse..l the Bill, as it
would be injurious to seer., al wher Companies, who
had large capitals emoark.ed fur a grelt nom .er of
yams, and against whom ma comp! that whatever
had yet been made ; he iheiefore moved, " That
the Ilia be read a second time this day three
months."
Sir tV. CURTIS was dccid-illy against the
measure. He did not think it cculi he of se+ v:re
to the public, and it would certeiiiiy he an net of
injustice with respell to the other companies. Be-
sides, the late period of the Session in which it wait
brought forward, was a strong argument against
it. Speaking comparatively. it could not be said
it was introduced at eleven o'clin.k, but at a quar-
ter before twelve ; and if the ailinisters would put
it off, and let all the different ennspanies cow, at an
early part of the ensuing Session, .he had no doubt
they would make a noble biddinr.
Mr ALEXANDER did MX o ink any t bjeegon
should be made to the Bill. It create a
competitiop, which Elllbt be of general serviv, be-
sides the immediate advantage which tire public,
collettively, would derive from it.
Lord H. tET IN said, he never rose to give l.is
assent to any measure with so much pleasure lie
did to the present, being Grow,- convinced e.ett it
combined the interest of the individual with that of
the public. For his pait,-be could not see why is
shoula lie considered prejudicial to the public, ec
to. the other companies. • How eneld laentiensen
make up their minds on the suhjee, but by looking
to the precedents before them ? By the 6th George
I. two corporations of this nature lead been created.
They .were chartered ter thirty.one years ; at the i.nd
of which time, by the provisions of the Act, H.
Majesty lied a power of resuming the grant, if it
was against the interest of tile people ; and as, in
the present case, a similar provision was made, he
thought any objeftioa op this head was oMiareis.
The Consideration for vehicle this charter was al-
lowed was c,n idr-able ; 100,tou1. was to be pail
over for the semi e of the coo itry. and 1,000,0001.
MS to be vested, and always- to remain, in she
public funds; this, he conceived. was an advan-
tage, which, when offered to the public, ihoulO n it
be refused. At Hamborgh. nine'een Conipainis
were instituted; and Le hat no doubt, if tar saw:
competition was established here, that this count.;
would have much of the business at present noes-
ailed there. In the present instance, a monopoly
WAS not required ; hut a competition was offered too
the publie, which would inevitably keep down tl:
price. From these considerations, the Noble Li: i
hoped that the House would agree to the second
reading of the Bill.
Mr. GRENFELL thought, that though it migi.t
be prudent to permit the two already incorporeal
to remain so, yet, perhaps, it would not be ptoaar
to add another.
Lord H. PETTY explained.
Mr. PERCIVAL said, he would give his assent
to the second reading of the Bill, if it was usdei-
stood that Counsel were to be head against it. The
Noble Lord had said, that is would be of the greatest
benefit to the Public ; but he never could be braight
to consider that it was a mitre principle, to tura-
duce a system of monopoly into the countty. And
he had a right to consider this as a comi leer RI ,no.
poly; for, though the number of companies were
not limited, yet the number of persons in each ca,•
The Hon.'Gentleman then concluded. by sayinz,
that he did not think it right for Parliament to late
the prerogative of the Crown into their bands, tsy
granting chatters. and therefore hoped that Couts:i
would be heard. . _
Lord H. PET rY, in explanation, said. it sec
for the House to determine, whether Counsel 'Multi
be heard or hot.
Sir C. PRICE hoped tais measure would not be
pressed, ask was a notorious fact, that every ma
nopoly was Pei'ldiClAl to the general interest.
Mr. PAUL was an enemy to monopoly t hot
though this charter was granted, it would still he
competent for individuals to engage io busiiass.
In India alone, the insurance busitii is was carried
on to the amount of 7,000,0001. The greater part
of that business would be done in England, if the
Companies were incorporated, as then they were
looked on as safest ; and he, on this account, would
vote in favour of the measure.
Mr. PERCIVAL and Mr. PAUL explained.
Mr. S. LE FEVRE opposed the Bill. as br did
not think any argument had been used which went
to prove that it was expedient. He hoped, how.
ever, the Heim would take the measure into their
most serious consideration, before they came to $
determination; and, therefore, though: it but tight
that Counsel should be heard
Sir W.YOUNG declared his sr neinrents in favotr
of the• Bill.
Mt. WILLIAM SMITH, in giving his vote for
the second reading of the Bill, reserved to himself*
powm.widsout seeming inconsistent,ot•Totaint against
the Measure hereafter. But he thought, if it vie('
be roved, that 1000001. would be p to
public, and 1,000,0001. vested in the Nadi, 10 0
