7%

'1

I r

Him% that I have little fear they will renter. so oppose it.
WWI fear motes inure is their asiticipatioss of milieus-ea
width they may feel they eau, /In longer prevent, by which
they may render their etsecies inigatury mod teeters. We
hair* of what character messier.. of this' description are,
whew likes into the ham& of those whose 'Worse" they
threaten; we know how oh. y !me-all their energy and veins
if Iht), are mt sultservirat to the very perpuees they were
eintrimbel w thwart or to avert. I hope the lime is •
feet apprisachiog when yoW, mat urea like woo, will feel the
nessiony of exertion, awl will suffer y selves 1111 be palter.
P. 3 wills no longer; when these nets that hare too lune
been practised tan no more ; when the Willies
of Eitglaud will lead the way, and the pi "pie nettle with
Ilion swim • real bona fleti system of reform and re.
trenehment, upon a redact win of our great military us-
lahlashmeut within tbnar twiendo whirls are marked out
son lima by financial iliPlenlties Him by the danger their
excess threaten, to We Comment These ale mem. •
sores which omelet he denies! with saft.ly, and whit Is nett
out. he 'omitted in this iuterval of peace, for the doostion
of which it us isnitiscNitile to caleulate upon the Holy Al.
baser, if we mean to poser", oar reek awl impertatice
a Keene and free nation. If theme were in a fair train tof ee.
roinpliehment as they should he, muds would yet remain to
he dune. Even if our revenue were relent to our expetuls-
tare, stet reilectinise made that might enable us to meet
futureesigenetes, still our likened. would he imperfect and
our lamer precarious, if out invigorated and commolidsted
try the cordial atinehnient of an isniitil 'simple. We have
seen iv the west resting momenta ef the lisle war, at the
eirriod of the greatest danger*. how much they were ilreireAlltil
by the sitession of Ow Sister Kingdom. It caussl be pees'.
Wee that, with Iles in unr mind., we should sweleet In pew
vide aeaiust the mewl, nee of Poch datigetra. And yet how
have we to lamest, that nothing has tern attempted 111 ern-
plicate those weds of deiced and dissent ton wilds have been
suffereA to vow up amongst us it is to he feared that to.
muses prejudice may remain with rev* et to this question,
nod that it is nut felt to Item lineral and just as owe interest
and safely require that it should be felt i,, the country. Rut
to you I address myself without hesitation, and with the
most ruins confidence, when I stele, that you will co uleur
with use, in that it is shove all things necessary for us 10
apply ourselves Ito that great worlt of union, to remove
Grow disabilities equally improvident and twist.," which es.
chide so large a merles., uf We empire from the full enjoyment
bleoungs of the Court itution.—And, Gentlemen, herr
I most clingratulate you, that the cireuinetsuess in which
we are tow Waco! appear to be singularly favourable
fur the aceompliel 00000 sit of all throe meanures. I hare
to cuegellulate you on We changes that have taken place
siiii.e 1 had the honour of mildresine you Imo year. I no
longer speak under the suspeesi 0000 of that law sleek is the
heist security of one likerly. Of the pi elective under which
that a,t. easpenee I, I will not say any thin=; they have
been *ern Okra/soils, expiteeil, seprolsated, I had alines, said
by all that wire free, awl lienuerable, and vellums+ its the
country, Inst II am sure by a great mejority of the people
of England —(Great applatisa.)--Seen lhrnngh, and ex prowl,
awl tepretrated they have been, lint they have nut Ise" v.,.
iiimbed as they ought 10 have been isl the pet sun. uf their air.
thorn.—(.4ppiattee.)—Though we are reelored to the law,
a preredeut of a roost ilairgerons character has been se-
ised..l, awl we know but tiro well hoar swere.sfully these
things are resorted to in linnet iif istitatiou and alarm, and
how sure she refuge they •Iroid 111 the support,' w of runup-
-00000 when their places are threatened try fire grieving die.
consents of the pi-trete; how, by thr repetition of such pre.
evilents, powers at first exclusively granted on the most
pressing einergentos, by Andes and decreer are introduced
sew c tars of mimic expediency, till men become familiar
with them; and from the facility of grating, and the habit
of enduring, a *yawns of oppression is established, and
Ito alternative is left, hut base eidimission or forcible
lepistetire. Such was the case with dissentieus iu II ,
and such ham been the progress by which most of those
States have loot their freedom, from iedepeudeisce to
*Avery, aud risme slavery, when oppreewou became too intole-
sehle to bear, to into nal discord, or euhusissiou to n foicien
conqueror. Such sisals to be the melancholy circle in which
the desiiiiy of she wined lo guard oureelvei from
simnilar osiefeetunes ought In he unr study day suit night. and
the fi..t object of all s..ne rtiosts ; nail it is with swage-
ti 0000 that 1 say I now see rest'r hopes thee I have We twine
time entertained, that the spirit yr !Web is accessary fur
Ibis purpose relay lie Ismael Its exist a 00000 nest as. The Isle
Awnless have proved Shit the people of Esielausl have not
looked with itideeeresice either on Weer immures of Go-
vernment to which I love been nlludwg, or the .(forts of
thus.' who. opium-oil thew. lit ripely case thin spirit has
'hewn itself ; sod wherever they bad wilier proved by their
torliter ^Mallet, u, their litle to fissure flavours, the 'prin-
ciple of ittarlutietit to liberty, of resistance to oppression,
of toreuchment, economy, awl salutary reform, on ere
hi
eintlidates without exc.. lotion the people's choice has
tallem—refpnewie).—l speak with the most saeguior
lope., that Ilw effect of this will be found in the Parliament
1.111,1 it to be opened; mud I beer the greater cou6drnce its
sinnifestation of the cowl. of that 'rule English spirit,
at WIN.• calla, moderate, and iutelligent, which gives the lost
promisee of vocurioie mud midereatieg perseversuee, because
it has beth unaccompanied by any sutemperate ur vim.
lent eStbrtS4loll, ml the same time that the people have
Owen lint tiny felt ma lb. y ought to feel, the immures
to which I hose alluded; they have disapprureil its the
moo unequivocal tremors those proiects uf extravagance
and &weer oils isiouwatieu to which tin in
prueneshiuga roe uuly lead—prueredings whirls can produce
Ito posoble elt;els bat those of a must pernicious leasticory.
What but the worst result ran be "tweeted from a slot in
that e'er:mow:et spies and iuforiners; men that are ever an
lee watch use all WT.01141111 so our things, um iniece,ie,
woe pee.suite, and evert our houest prejudices and afftesi 0000
into *dem fur astir rein ? —Here I most he allowed to eire
few words upon she tower of my own °pianos.. Those
upon Parliamentary Refrain are already well known 'l4l
thine I still remain attached, solder limitation* whirls I
Made use a former ottasimi : I am attacked to Reform cuss.
.hurled open mudriate prise/epics, I way say, grathol, awl
always guided by salutary precaution. To other projects I
may state some to be a declared enemy ; if they were ms re-
duces," to pearlier as they are plausible in theory, I would
sly I believe then' lo be absurd, visionary, and "clawless.
Human sagacity is much two limited iu its prairie to
shire certainly m 111 K Iffect of any scry untried iIIedSUITS;
and whoever has been moat attentive to history, will lie must
included to doubt the roses of Ilse heat theories uf GOMIS.
lINt the wisdom of stew can frame. The worst tyreu.
lees that coulti be natured have been exercised 'under the
term. uf 14‘• 1104 f. Hos many ages elapsed &Arrow swig great
(leerier hail been "'reeled from the moat despicable of Mo-
n:treks, before any them like practised lilitYty was e.lj.lyfsl ?
I low feeble, bow melticacione are all lass or isistiltitionti, if
tee, glee Woe spirit Humid be suffered let sleep which eels
•iolle render them rooted and beneficiel ? j slispeld say
it appease to sue, that there casuut be a more false, a muse
imeit eke'', or a mute mischievous belief, Shan than a Reform
to Parlinment, liuvrevrr desirable it may be 'spun such prin-
ciple... I have stated, is the one and cooly measure by wish
the ‘alc ..tots of Ihr COMPtry fat) he effected. Thal from its
athiptien every Wier will (*Woe, without it every thing is
of so little noportauer pa mil to be attended to to attempt-
s-al. us a ilaneerows anal sousehitvons ilortriue, tit it emit',
uuly have the ell'.el of perpetuating the =yalew tot govern-
ment of ethic!' we cumplaiu. Our man t.ssltNy is replete
wise lust:owes of the most peewee., application% of the
laws. Is is .sot berries of examples of the existence of the
beet laws mod the unmet nhenduned adruirsietrattuis of
thew. WoOteg Potwars to take teie acid's,,, of Ile. Fun as my
geode, and it will alway-4 he so, I shalt cite )oaf elln.Loo
to a passage its his ailunisalite and philwitipeical Initetice I
work on the stereo idealises It. she inipertect and unlined).
4,11 .lisle of which Vera u. 16111111:it /mama uf regret fee Me
death. Thai you mat fully feel the force of his seistoorill • ,
*IA 10 give Ihein to you hi the very words of the author,
and therefore I hare extrneted them. He tells us, that—
.' • Ilse reign of Charles the *cited Wraps one of the meet
a. well as uf the must important period, of livitory.
Pio . era of void laws and hail giivecometst. The aloe-
',rem a the Cutlet of Wards. repeal of the Witt 40
Heirelieo C ends), the Trienssial Parliament WI, Ilse
r..ta:,lt.hmrnt of the richest of the Home of COISSURIIIS w r,
ifserJ to imprechewitt, the expisatinn of the License Act. and,
,hone all, the gleriaers wale rif Hatless Cowes, Imre Woe,
ford toelueuil a twain-as writer of grist t MI/40C! to. ax the

year Iff/1/ as the period at which our Coast!lotion had ar-
rived at its greatest theoretical perfective; ►at tie owns, in
• Anne cute wren the prosace &Modal to, that the times
immediately fullowiag Were llama of practical oppressive.'
[For lie antshisiers awe ILO pegs]

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.
