PARIS PAPERS.

PARIS, JULY 28.
His Majesty yesterday heard Mass in his apart-
ment, and at three o'clock rode out to Besons.
Letters from Constantinople, dated the 25th
June, received at Vienna, ststethat M. de Lutxow,
the Aubtrian who had hitherto acted the part of
mediator between the Po►te and Russia, has not
been able to preveut the Turks from violating iu his
owls person existing treaties.

The Porte has caused to be arrested a Captain
and five saitors in the Au►triau service. and bad 'their
brads struck 4fl without the fawn of a trial.
Five per Cent. Consuls 86 f. 83 c. Bank Ac-
tions 1,525 f.

%Mamas, )ULY 40.
The movement of Austrian troops into the fron-
tier provinces of Turkey is confirmed to-day by all
the accounts which have reached es. It is believed
an Austrian army will enter the Ottoman territoiy,
in conjunction with the Russian forces. to restore
tranquillity and protect the Greek.. The approach.
rug publication of a Manifesto is unnotrced. The
negotiations among the great Powers. wfiich so
deeply engage the atteatton Of ditAoinatists. have
reference to this subject.

CON6TANTINOPLE, JOKE 44.
(EXTRAVT vim( A PRIVATE LETTER.)
For some smooths past our city hes been the
theatre of atrocities and inhuman cruelties, of which
no idea can be formed in the !nippy conistry in
which you reside. The drowning of numbers of
meta and women, repeated for several cloys past,
I►as been rooet frightful. They were brought in
ves►elr opposite Scutari, %here their hoods end
feet were bound together, thy, were then thrown
into the see, in parcels of six tied together at a
time; the south wind winch preceded, having car-
ried the corpse. of these unhappy victims opposite
Constantinople, the Turks were promineut io
giving proofs of the must nahuntun barbarity ; they
hurried in crowds to the allure, anti with their ac-
customed rege, fired their pistols ou the lifeless'
remains, cut them pieces, and threw Limit' to
the dogs.

The inhabitaots of the Mvrea are especially per-

.... ~ ~

secutedl tl►e populace seize on every inhabitant of
that province whom they meet, and if he cannot
satisfactorily convince, by means of golden proof,
that he does not come f,om the Morro, he is imme-
diately murdered.

But the most dreadful scenes took place after
the defeat of the Turkish fleet m the Archipelsgo.
At sight of the wreck of that fleet, which returned
in a very damaged state, a fresh massacre com-
menced. more cruel than the former, the drown-
ing. were renewed with increased fury.
It is impossible to give an adequate descrip-
tion of our condition ; every day scenes of cruelty
occur with circumstances of still greater horror,
scenes at which nature and humanity shudder.—
In the perusal of history, examples cannot he
found of sock detestable cruelty, executed in cold
blood on the feeble and unarmed.
Another fleet is being fitted out here with all
possible expedition, to oppose that of the Greeks.
The crews-are its general formed of Greek trades.
men from the Archipelago, who are forced into the
service. But if this fleet set sail, it will only serve
to augmeut the number of vessels in the Greek
armament.

ODESSA, JUNE 29.
Tke religious ceremony of the funeral of the
Patriarch Gregory, assassinated at Constantinople,
took place this sley with great pomp. At nine
o'clock ia the morning salutes from the batteries
of the town and from all the vessels in the port,
and the tolling ofllie bells of all the churches, an-
nounced the approaching removal of the remains of
this martyr of the faith from the port to the town.
The streets were bloated up. All the officers and
persons in public employ, civil and military, h►
uniform and io mourning, as well us all the
troops of the place, commanded by ti►e Governor,
Count Laig-Peon, attended the mortal rensri►n of
the Grerk Pontiff; which were placed upon a
bier, magnificently decorated, and drawn by six
hones. A 'great number of Archbishops, among
whom wereaeverol members of the Russian Synod,
had arrived by order of the Government from div.
tent provinces, and assisted at the ceremonial, which
lasted three hours, and which will be repeated the
day after to-morrow, when the corpse of the Pa-
triarch wilt be removed from the Cathedral to the
Greek Church, and there interred.

The last oceoants from Turkey state that the
insurrection has obtained the ascendancy even in
Thrace. The town of Philippopolis, and that of
Captain, situated at the foot of time Batlearn, have
revolted, and Enos has followed their example.
The mountains of B.algaria are occupied by the
insurgents of that province, it is even added that
Ternova is in their power, but this requires con-
firrnatiun.

VDCSSA, MAT 3.
The lasSidert of the Christians at Smyrna was
'continued from the 16.10 to the !Ist of June. The
Lieut. Governor, • Moslems°, who enaltuvoured to
protect them, shared the same fate. The Consuls
sawed themselves on board the Europeans aqua-
4irons, but many Franks have perished with the
G reels.

NERMANSTAST, SULT O.

According to 'letters frost Bucharest or the 2J
July, the 'Parks still continue their cruelties.—
Men and women were carried away into slavery,
children were frequently hung by their feet to
trees, and after many hours suffering in that situa-
tion, their heads were cut off. Frosts Themalonica
letters have been received by way of Constaiuknople,
tin of the date oT si tstli•Jue, but they make nis en-
. lion of the State of affiirs in that quarter All
letters from Greeks, previously to their
.being
sent off', are opened and read by the Jew'', wbn
o4bciate as interpreters to the Turks. No news
can, therefore, be hoped fir, except from such
fugitives as may be able to effect their escape.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY, AuaesT 1, 1821.

Paris Papers of Saturday last have arrived at
our office.; we have also received Dutch Papers
to the same day. Several articles of intelligence,
purporting to be derived from various parts of the
Continent, seem to concur in representing the im-
mediate commencement of a war between Russi■
and Turkey as inevitable. The insults that have
been offered in Constantinople by the Sultan and
his M• stets to the Russian Ambassador, end some
infractions of the T►eaty of Commerce subsisting
between Russia and the Porte, undoubtedly offer
sufficient causes of quarrel to the Emperor ALEX.
A NOES, if ht should wish to take advantage of
. then► fur interfering iu the internal concern. of the
Turkish empire. Considering, however, the events
that bate taken place in Turkey, the extermi-
nating civil war that rages in its provinces, the
brutal persecution of a large proportion of the po-
pulation, and tl►e refusal, or absolute inability of
the Government of the tinpite to afford protection
and safety •to the Christians residing within its
limits. we do nut think that Russia is reduced to
the necessity of reposing her right of interference
between the Christians said. their assassins upon
any private Or peculiar -ground of cuuteuttor.
Humanity would justify such s measure of policy,
and we cannot doubt that every generous and feel-

ing heart would rejoice in en event which would
give assurance of pres-nt safety to the wretched
beings who ere now trembling in the appreliention
of becoming the next victims of Turkish courtly,
and told forth ■ permit& of future protection to
countless numbm df nue fellow-creatures.

It is impossible, however, wheis the question of
an invasion of Turkey by her powerful neighbour
is offered to public view, to dismiss every conside-
ration of the effects which such an occurrence might
produce upon tire general politics of Europe. It
is universally %they'd, as may be collected from
the 'concurring testimony of all the continental
papers, that time question has been formally sub-
!Mated to the attentiou of the several Csbineis of i
the great Powers of Europe. An impression has
also beet. generally received on the Continent, that
the invasion of Turkey by Russia meets with tile •
concurrence and approbation of Austria and Prus-
sia, but that it does not receive the sanction of
Great Britain said France. The measure, however,
j we are assured in an Augsburg Paper, has been
Gamily determined by Russia, and it is further aiss
reeled that an Austrian army will pass the Turkish
frontiers simultaneously with the invasion by the
tramp" of Russia, for the purpose of acting it. con-
currence with them, and promoting the great object
of giving security to the Greeks. A Manifesto is
prepared which will shortly be published, sod will
explain. to the world the motives that govern the
invading Powers, and the principles upon which
they have determined to act. The importance of
such a publication cannot be estimated too highly,
it will be looked fur with anxious interest, aud be
read oith avidity.
In the mean time 'peculation is, as usual, busy
in endeavouring to anticipate its contents. Thew
are few who, looking at the convulsed state of the
Ottoman empire, at the miserable imbecility of its
Govertiment, and the immense power and resources
of the invaders, can doubt the probability of their
rapid success. The Ante, nimble to organise su
effective fame, even for the suppression of the Greer
insurrection, does not seem capable of offering
much serious opposition to the progress of a Rus-
sian sod an Austrian army, each formidable by its
numbers and discipline. The fate of the Ottoman
empire, therefore, will rest in the bands of the
conqueron; but how will the victory be used, sod
will the other nations of Europe suffer it to be
used fur the territorial uggrandixemeut of either or
both of the invading Potentates? Rumours ire
afloat that Russia and Austria will both recom-
pense themselves for their expenses and exertions, by
appropriating to their respective crowns large
portions of the Turkish dominions, and that
it is their ioteutiou to establish mm independent
Chtistiau Government too the ruins of the Ottoman
empire. The latter is, in our opinion, an object
earnestly to be desired. The Turks ought to be
driven across the Bosphorus, and Europe relieved
from the Asiatic stain which their hateful presence
now stamps upon her character. But it world be
impossible that Great Bitten'', or France, or Spain,
or even Prussia, could consent to are time limits of
the Itursimi or Austrian empire farther extended.
The acquisition of Coustantisiople as a part of the
Russian empire, or at least as an appanage of the
reigning family, was an object of ambitions in-
terest with time Cabinet of St. Petersburgh, even
before the great CAIIIEIIIE6 caused her grand-
son to be called CONSTANTINE, to he attended
by Greek nurses and servants, to have him taught
the Greek language, and u corps of 200 Greek
youths, of distinguished birth, formed as the
immediate body guard of the intended Sovereign
of the Southern Empire. This object was pursued
with lively solicitude to the last moment of CATE
RINE'S life, and there is no reason to believe that
it has ever since been disclaimed. Such au acqui-
sition, however, would now undoubtedly render
Russia the most formidable fuser that modern
Europe ever witnessed, said must place the fortuues
of every other State at its disposal. It was solely
for the purpose of obviating so imminent a danger,
mud not from uoy respect fur time Ottoman Go-
vernment, that Great Britain sod France have
occasionally lent their powerful aid to maintain
its precarious existence ; but the same object
of preventing the probability of further en-
croachments on the part of Russia, and of
upholding a Power on the banks of the Dantsbe
capeble of checking the further progress of her
arms, would be much more effectually accomplish-
ed by substituting a Christian Power in the place
of the present Mahoinetan Government, which
would assimilate its principles to those of the other
Powers of Europe, and wield the energies of the
empire with greater and more formidable vigour.
The genius of the Moslem faith bids defiance to im-
provement on the part of the Government and people;
it has fixed the character of both iiicorrigibly, aud
so long as it shall be suffered to blast the energies,
physical and intellectual, of one of the inost de-
lightful portions of Europe, it will be vsiti to
hope for even the personal security of the Chris-
lions who msy continue exposed to its influence.
The dissolution of the 'Pinkish Government may be
effected with perfect safety by the happy co-
operation of the five great Powers, and the
!stuited idterests of all wall prevent any one of
them from deriving any undue or formidable ad-
vantage from this great event. The Governmeut
of Turkey alone will be chatigrel, it sill be as-
situilated it. tone aud character to the other

..mss..
