CO XS7'.I ri.INOPLE.

We give the following extracts from an at tiele under the
above title, its tit...! last number of Tile Ncio ilunthij
211,:a7:ine :
The utter desolation of the unhappy Greeks fences itself en one's
notice every day. The rpitclous quarter of the Firma. entirely in-
habited by them. is r.ow neatly derected. The animating spectacle,
which the Bosphoecs often pre-vented at evening, of their pleasure-
buts tilled with Greek besoty and gaiety, hat quite disappeared.
Two line palaces which stood iv the water's edge were inhabited by
two brothers, who held tinarcial situations und,T the government.
Being suspected, their heads were cut off on the same day ; and
their palaces, as we sailed hy them, were forsaken. The sweet
xlindol scenes around the hamlets and cottages on the shorn, wluve
this once happy pcop!c delighted to dance in groups to Cie mantle-
I line, ard tool the songs of their native land, are now mute.
At times, in walking alarg the Bosphorus, you may meet some
wretraed Greek flying fro n his pursuers, or see some murdered
body floating near the shore. I mingled one day in a group of
the lowest Turks, who viere gazing on the corpse of one of their
victims with an appearance of gr:at satisfaction. ( )ne of them took
hold of the hcely with a hook to throw it into the !ca ; but another
wretch instantly stepped forwards, and stripped it first of all its
clothing, when et war cast nakei into the water. On vicitint, a fine
khan, near the Penal. wireh was frequented by the rich Greek
merchants, not a being was to be seen save two Persian merchants,
xeated smoking it the open area, with pale and still features, and
their long beards dyed black. ;Bloch of the effects of the captive
or slain proprietors still remair.ed in the apartmerts.
It'llat tales of blood might be told of this war of extermination !'
Just before our landing at the town of the 1/artlanelles, a large vil-
lage on the opposite shore was attacked nt night by a body of
Turkish soldiers, and men, women, and children put to the sword,
to the amount of several hundreds. _

In the cruel evacuation of Pargn, when its poor people knew not
where to find an asylum, and each family had a distress all its own,
a father and mother—l knew the circumstance well--offervd an
English officer their only and beautiful daughter. " Take here
itin•onor," they said, " from the misery around, save her from Alt
Paths, treat her always with kindness, and she shall live with
you." The young Greek still resides with him, but her parents
most probably perished. Here, separations like this might be said
to be mild, compared to some scenes, where the parents were
butchered before the eyes of their children, who were borne away
for Cie pleasures of the captor.
At Smyrna, after the first massacre in the streets, the Greeks
shut themselves in their houses, but several times they made at-
tempts to escape in boats. flaring watched that the shore was
clear of the enemy, they hurried on board with their henines, to
gain some neutral vessel in the harbour. The Turkish soldias
quickly gathered on the beach, and kept up a fire of musketry on
them. It was and to hear the cries from the boats, and see the poor
fugitives dropping as the bullets struck them.
After I left Smyrna, • singular circumstance occurred to an inti-
mate friend and fellow-traveller, who chanced to spend a short
time there. He was sitting in his apartment in the hotel one day,
when a young and respectable Greek woman entered, and threw
herself at his feet, weeping bitterly. She implored him to save
her life, and procure her escape. Her friends had been sacrificed,
and there was no one she could trust in ; and the dread of being
every moment discovered by the Turks was insupportable. There
was no listening to this in vain. He generously sought for ha an
asylum under English protection, and in a few days procured be. a
passage in a vessel sailing for arnica, 'where she was state to find
friends, and presented her with a supply of money.
Among the pleasant rides around the city, Is that to the Aque-
ducts of Justinian, and the forest of Belgrade, about fourteen
miles off ilairng procured horses, we left rem early, attended
by Mustapha, an honest janissary, well known to every traveller,
and accustomed to go remote journeys through the empire. At a
few miles distance is the Palace of the Sweet Waters, • favourite
summer residence of the Sultan. Proceeding through a pleasing
country, we reached the lofty Aqueduct of Just man, and soon
sfter that of Bourget& The small lakes in the heart of the forest,
their lolly banks darkly covered to the water's edge, afford sonic
scenes ri peculiar beauty. We halted at a village inhabited by a
few Greeks, and entered a poor coffee-haute to get some refresh-
ment. They soon produced a dish of mutton and some fruit; and,
what was more acceptable, some very good white wine. In the
midst of the meal some Turkish cavalry approached, amusing
themselves with throwing the jctrid at each other. The affrighted
Greeks instantly hid the wine, and brought in its place a vessel of
water. We wished the Turks at Mecca for spoiling our dinner :
they entered, and made some very pointed inquiries • but Mrs-
taplis soon satisfied them, and, after demanding some refreshment,
they departed.
The condition of the women in Turkey has little resemblance to
slavery, and the pity given to it by Europeans has its mum more
in imagination than reality. From their naturally retired and in-
dolent habits, they care less about exercise in the open air than
ourselves. They are very fond of the bath, where large parties of
them frequently meet end spend the greater part of the day, dis-
playing theirrich dresses to each other, conversing, and taking re-
freshments. From this practice, and the little exposure to the sun,
the Turkish ladies have often an exquisite delicacy of emplexion.
They often sail in their pleasure-boats to various parts of the Bee-
pborus, or walk veiled to the favourite promenades near the
cemetery, or in the gardens of Dolma Bateke,with their attendants;
and they sometimes walk diised through the streets of the city,
without any observation. The government of an English wife
over her own household does not equal that of the Turkish, which
is absolute, the husband scarcely ever iaterfering in the domestic
arrangements, and in case of a divorce her portion is always
given up.
The practice of eating opium does not appear to be so general
with the Turks as is commonly believed. But there is a set of
people at Constantinople devoted to this drug ; and the Theriakis,
as they tre called, have that hollow and livid aspect, the fixed dul-
ness of the ere at one time, or the unnatural brightntas at
another, which tell too plainly of this destructive habit.
They seldom live beyond thirty ; lose all appetite ler food ; and as
their strength wastes, the craving for the vivid excitement of opium
I increases. It is useless to warn a Theriakee that he ie hurrying to
the grave. lie comes in the morning to a large coffee-house, a
well-known resort for this purpose, close to the superb mosque of
Suleinninich. Having swallowed his pill, he seats himself an the
I portico in front. which is shaded by trees. Ile has no wish to
change his position, for motion would disturb his happiness, which
he will tell you is indescribable. Then the moat wild and blissful
reveries conic crowding on him. His gage fixed on the river be-
neath, covered with the sails of every nation ; on the majestic
sl era of Asia opposite, or vacantly raised where the gelded mina-
, rots of Suleimameh ascend en high : if external objects heiten,
se is allowed, the illusions of opium, the Turk is pried.
There, till the sun sets on the scene, the Theriakee revels in love,
in splendor, or pride. lie sees the beauties of Circasais striving
whose charms shall most delight him ; the Ottoman fleet sails be-
neath his flag as the Capitan Paths or seated in the divan, tier-
! baned heads are bowed before him, and voices hail the favoured
lof Alla and the Sultan. But evening conies, and he awakes to a
' sense of wretchedness and helplessness, to a gnawing hunger which
is an effect of his vice ; and hurries home, to suffer till the morning
sun calls him to his paradise again.
In this city you cannot proceed far without remarking the great
number of coffee-houses and sweetmeat-shops. The former are at.
tended from sun-rise till night. Each person brings his small
tobacco-bag in his pocket, which he is very ready w offer to a
stranger who is unprovided. Whatever residence a traveller enters,
from that of the prince to the peasant, the universal compliment is
' pipe cud coffee ; the latter drur.k without milk. and the former
it a very fine and mild quality. The janiyary, a tall fierce-lookim4
fellow, who attended me through the streets as a guard, and would
e.lk very coolly by the way of the different Greeks he had mut.-
: dens!, used to amuse me at seeing hint stop at a sweetmeat-shop,
• and purchase whet 'could pleases child in England, and devour it
with as much fondness.

NEW Rocss.—A highly-respectable Meeting was he!il
yesterday, at the Three Tuns, in the Borough, for thociprere of
discussing the subject of the new Docks which are pro . to he
built in the parish of At.latherine's, in the precincts the Tower.
It wa4 the unanimous opinion of the meeting that there were suf-
ficient docks in the 1 ity to answer every mercantile purpose, .ot
that the building of additional ones would be useless. Several re-
solutions were entered into, and a subscription to defray Cie ex-
penses which might be incurred by any future proceedings of the
Committee.

CATHOLIC BARRISTERS.—By a return laid before PAT-1
liatnent, we find that no Roman Catholic barrister has
been appointed to the office of Assistant-Barrister in Ire-
land, nor has any Roman Catholic barrister enjoyed a pa-
tent of precedence in Ireland, during the last five years.
The great and un severity of the sentence
passed upon Mr. Conolly, at ertford, by Mr. Justice Best,
is the subject of general remark. iVe believe there is
very little doubt that the sentence will be materially
mitigated.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

CUSTOM-HOUSE, !Halms' !.ENTERED INV:ARIAS.
Blunt, Blues (Scott, broker), from Genoa.
Flora, Bowen (31•Caraly), front Seville.
Rose, Cornsby (Burnett), from .+t licbacl'a
Desire, Orteur (Barry), from Bilboa.
Helen, Wilson (Adam), from Terceira.

FROM LLOVIYS LIST.

FAT. morrn, Mancit 7.—No arrivals or
PUII TS MOU M A It( II 8.--Arrived the Earl Aloticy, , Slavers,
from the South Seas. We mare experienced a tremendous gale the
whole of this morning from r. W. The Prince of Orange transport
drove, with two anchors a-head, into shoal water; she has ounce
shpt front her anchors and come into harbour: also the Dart,
Newham, drove with two anchors, and on the flood-tide slim her
cables, came into harbour and ran foul of a pilot-boat, and did her
considerable damage. The rest of the outward-bound appear to
remain in safety ; but in consequence of the weather, our boats
have not been able to have any communication. It is now a little
more moderate. _ . .

1/I:at., M AMC/I B—Arrived and remain, the Mars, Bishop, for
the Cape of thsod Hope; Richard, Williamson, and Latona, bock,
front Demerara. The Juno, Pritchard, has just cut, or parted, and
gone tor Itsuusgate harbour. The }Lind has continued to blow hard
the whole of last night and to-day, mm the wmt-south-we-0., and
still continues; during which the outward and hometvanbia.tind
ships iu the Booms have so far rode the gale out all well, notwilli.
standing several have driven very considerably, and, if the gale con-
tinue!), we fear some of them will part.-3 p.m. A brig Ines
parted, and proceeded to katusgate. The Nile, Myth, for Lei hice,
luta lost an anchor and cable; she has let go another, anti is
brought up again, and she will be supplied with another immesh..
atcly from hence.—Half.past sls, p. m. The wind more moderate.
Tile London, outward.bitural East I iidiaman, and the remainder of
the outward bound, hare rode the gale out, apparently all well.
11.su wit. is, 31.suell o.—.lrrived the Edward, liowlarid; has lost
two anchors and cables.

AIALIOAT E, MARCH B.—The sloop from Falmouth, which was
ashore on Foreness Rock, got oil again that after:mon.
Dovxa, Bisect' 3—Tee Hercules of Gomm Carlbv, Berlund,
from Grimsby to Elsinore, has put in here with mainmast ;goes
below the cap, loss of main-tcent and boom, sails and rigging
damaged.
4; RA V ES= N lisecito.—.TeiScetor, Hart, from St. Mirhael's
is on shore below this place, and is likely to be wrecked. No ant-
rids or sailing*. Blowing a gale front n.W.
I'oou.E, Msecit oth.—A brig is just reported to be on shore at
White Pit. A gale of wind throughout the Digit; towards noon a
veering to the westward, and own) nun:crate. The state of the tot-
sat on shore must be most pet ROO%
LI V 1: It COOL, AI ARC 7.—Arrived the Laurel, —, from Per.
nainbuco; Hope, Potter, from Jamaica; Rebecca, Sims, trout
savannah; Pertixt, Prince, tioni Coarkswn ; and William, Gar-,
deacr, from Wilmington.
CAR NAM' ON MARC ti 6.—T he Exp.:Time:lt, Wilson, with
oats, wheat, barley, and butter, tor Glasgow, is on shore near
Pwthely, and must discharge her cargo. A water cask marked
" Tamar," and a sack of dour, have inert picked up on the bar,
near this place; it is supposed the vessel is sunk, or gut on the
rocks at the hack of Ilinyii:stk
Ft silt; c AR D, Jl /MC It s.—l'he sloop Western Star, from Water-
, ford to Preston, has put in here with loss of jib and foresail during
,the gale on Wednesday.
Csacirr, 3lsac u ti.—The Blayflower, M'Grath, from Youg-
hall toe Bristol, was stranded on breacitsca Point, the 11 instant,
but is expected to be got off with little damage.
Av a, Blanc Inetals, Atkins. of and from Strartraer to
this port, ran on shore last night between Blackburn anti St= Bank.
The cargo will be damaged.
NORTII :5111E1.11A, RIMIER 7.—The Adamant, Stephenson,
front Hun, io coming into haibuor this 'miming, with a swing
gale twill the south, missed stays and gut upon the Black :Wicking,
and it is feared will bilge. Crew :AWOL
L i.s, ;BASCH boat has been picked up at sea, and
brought into this port, with " Catherine of Lynn, Jos. Muslin;
Master," on her stern.
HOLYHEAD, AI ARCR 7—The Brothers, Evans' from New.
port to Downpatrick, ran on shore in Caernarvon Bay, last night,
and went to pteccs—one man and a boy droweled.
Gai:xxoc JIMIC s.—Ou Tuesday night and Wednesday
morning it blew a severe gale here Rom W.N.W. when the brig
John Dann, Crews, from St. John's, N.B. parted from her moor-
ings and drove on the bank, but have not heard that she sustained
any injury. In the same gale, the ship Elizabeth, Simpson, horn
Demerara, had her rudder unshipped at the back of the quay ; and
the ship Rebecca, Alexander, fur Jamaica, had her larboard tore
and main chains carried away by striking against the quay, and
started a great many of her treenails.
ALICAXT, J AK. 7.—Two frigates have been seen cruising MY
here, supposed to be Algerints.
NEw Yore, Frs. O.—Arrived, the Commerce, Clements, 20
days from St. John's, Porto Rico. Five vessels, of and for Saint
Thomas's, from Mayaguez, had been taken by piratical minters, in
'the Mona Passage ; also two American vessels, from the same
place, bound to New York. The Mosquito schooner was fitting
out at Patio Rico, as a privateer.
Bev AAAAA Jaw. Tal..--Arsived the Spanish bark Santa Aria,
Linaris from Sisal ; she was ram en the 20th instant by a Co-
loenblai; brig near Jaruco, and after being detained andel hours,
was liberated.

The Amanda, Cash, from Philadelphia, has been condemned at
St. Übes, as unseaworthy.
The Alert, from Rochelle to Boston, was driven on shore
near Scituate light-house, during a gale on the 25th of January t
crew and cargo saved.
The Ellen, Camphor, for the Illauritins, was spoken with on the
17th Nov., in let. 22 S. bog. 6i E. all well.
The Diligent, Crowe, from St. Michael's to London, was lost on
the 7th instant, at Aberavon, near Swansea—crew saved.
, The Atalanta, Smith, from London for Demerara, put into
Ramsgate on Monday, with the loss of two chain cables and bee
windlass.
