THE murnsil PRESS.

was to be expeaed from the so much boasted refortnation ; but that
for them, slavery, resolonization, or goo— such thing, was deter-
mine I upon. At that time there was a Portuguese battalion in
garrison at Pernambuco; at Bahia of St. Salvador there were two
thousand men, and at Munte Video three thousand ; and at Rio de
Janeiro two thousand.

Notwitlisttoiding these troops, the cry was universal, that the
Prince Itegetil should tint depart. At Rio de Juneiro, the city uir-
ponstiop, and more than two hundred citizens, together with the
deputies of tliC nearest province., all dressed in black, proceeded to
the Prince Regent, and with the most respectful address, entreated
hint not to depart, and abandon a country where the family of Bra-
gigots hid Always been respected. to a set of ruilians. assembled at
Lisbon, tinder the sacred, but prostituted name of Laerty, and with
the sole tle3l.gn of enslaving them.
The moment the Prince promised to remain In Broil until a re.
monstrance should be sent to Lisbon' the Shout tom universal. The
city was illuminated on the etc ision for fine day*; and the thratre
was open three nights in succispion. Every one congratolated his
neighbour upop the event, a if some public calamity had been
averted, Fore;gners beloogin to countries where the people are
as they alioul.t.he, were Issemislied at acting, fur the first time, the
people of a Portuguese country acting this sew pa.-t, wed that in
the most orderly manner.
Vet, front the lire moment it was perceived that the Portuguese
soldiers were not and on the third day fallowing, they
run to Arnie. But the Brazilian tram,' aided by the people, our.
and shipped the°trio Lisbon.
Ia the address to the Regent, it was prayed that he would order ,
a Council of State to he appointed by the people of every province,
to he composed of two front each one, to aid him in the adininlstra-
lion. It was acenrangly done; end di: order for the elections was
puhli•hed, foul ordered to be executed.
lit the province of Minas, the Liston Comes had a party, and it
was necessary shut the Regent alma: go thither. As soon as he
made his appearance, the province declared its union with the go.
vestment at Rio de Janeiro, and this party was silenced. In this
interval, two or the Seeretarits ::.ale at itio de Janeiro began to
contend foe power. On this necasien, the l'rit.ce rode three hun-
dred miles is. tour and a half days, t.pon a road passable only for
mules; and, at ine o'clock, in a .Nery rainy night, unexpeetedly
appeared at the theatre. The people received him with applause,
and tranquillity was restored with the tea:nova of one of the con-
tending S..seretariel..
In the provinces of St. t'arberina, RioVrande, lioyares, Matto-
roman, sod tapireto Santo, unint: to the government at Itlo de Jim.
neiro was proclaimed and adopted, with little or no resitsnce.
In PAM, the Portuguese troops gained pmts.:lin of the city,
after a battle with the Brazilian,. And. although the Portuguese
commander opposed his authority to the government at Itio de
Janeiro. a ileputatlon was nevertheless sent to this city, ce.igratit.
haling the fringe upon his resolution rot to go to Europe. The
ladle* also sent a power of attorrey to a gentleman at Rio de
Janeiro, to compliment the Princes, in their behalf, on Fer con.
tlrtwension m yielding to so reasonable a determination of her
band. A government was thus instituted in a central town, and
war with Europeans began.
At Pernambuco, the European troops were shipped off for Lis-
bon, hitt the government fell into very bad hands, and although
every one acknowledgea the Authority of she government at Rio de
Janeiro, ter it.wili be the last to be restored to tranquillity, as the
mob has obtained an influence in the administration, being headed
by foreign endasarim. _

'Natalia. ilia Grande do Norte, Ceara. and Pihauhy, united
themselves to Rio de Janeiro, after some struggle with l'ortuguere
agtmts or troops; and, confining 3laranhnuion Para, all the
lirariliao prorii,as beeanu united during the cuurac of that year,
It 22.

At Monte %%leo, the Cotronander-in.f.hicf declared himself for
the llrt.zilian party. but soine of the olricers began to discos r
ft: rent opinions. l'itblie order wad not disturbed, however, in that
year.
The first Councillors of State appointed by the proplr in dif.
ferent province., oseembled lit May ; and their first Advil-area,
that a Ittainian Assembly should be convoked. The Regent so
ordered ; and tlte title of " l'eryetual Defender of /trail" was
added to that of argent.
While the elections for the first !Iranian AnAnbly were in pen-
gression, a family party at St. l'aulu threatened to disturb the
country. The Regent et oat for this placs, eziwdttiously, leaving
hie lady at the head of the administration ; and very 1114/011 tranquil-
lity was restored to every habitation. Il'hilst he was enipioyed in
such a sovereign scrviee, i.e received orders from lebon, annulling
all the proceedings of the government at Rio de Janeiro. /le war
then at a awe tidal l'iranga, which will he ever memorable for
its resolution, then taken, to proclaim 'trail s free and independent
nation. A countryman there presented the Regent with the neon,—
" Independencia nu matte." Ile placed it on his lett arm. and
two months after, it wan worn by every Drazilian. Immediately on
his return to Rio dc Janeiro, where the I.isbus drercfs against the
future residence of the Prince in Bran, and the oroaiii-wino of the
new government at that place, had been published, he, with the
int vier of the Councillors chosen by the ptruplr, on the Huh day of
August, proclaimed the Independence Ff 'trail, in two niani-
ftsms ; one addressed to the people, and the other to foreign
nations.

......
l'he administration was., at this time, In the bawls et two
brother.. Paulistas, (nutires of Si. Paulo,) the eldest of whom was
YON! Minister. The government fidlowed their adcice.and general
tranquillity appeared in every part, except at Pcrnsintnico, where
it was never settled ' • and, zt aihia, where war was waging against
the Portuguese. An Rutty of the inhabitants was there raised,
and a halt battalion furnished with ammunition, and conducted by
• French When, as Commisader•irs-Chistalf the any, was Milt to
their succour from filo de Janeiro.

Two smiths aft.;;,aiirt;2;litio de Janeiro began 441 appear
ageinst the ministry ; of whit') one wan implicated in the cabal.
The tirst itiinkter, who win the eldest of the Petitions, was a men
of talents .ind CllergV ; but lie had toot the least prudence, and ex-
hibited 'time ild11;;111.113('S41 than should he ever exhibited by newly
ereved men ; in whine it iv still more contemptible than in die old
A ristocrete. Ills brother eeltibited melt a vindictive character hi
terrified their eeponents. Vet, the ttush must be told; in thei`:
hande the pre ett had an energy, and a syetten.
'flail family party at st. Paulo, and ambitious men at Rio de
Janeiro, prejected a new eilininistration, just when the people,
greatly pleeeed wi.li their deduced independence, ;were considering
how to remunerate the Prince for so singular a favour. After ina•
tore deliberatioit, the Brazilian people, finding themselves so much
greater titan the Portuguese, and their countrestined to be ii
greater nation than Portugal, it wan the iv sovereignwill that their
Chief Magistrate should have a higher title than the Portugm•se,
And resolved to proclaim him Emperor. tio strong was the popular
desire, that the municipal authority was obliged to forbid the "-
ple to break forth in acclamations of '''' Emperor'. before the 12th
of October. On that day, being the Prince Itegent's birth.day, he
was proclaimed Constitutional Emperor and l'erpeted Defender of
Brazil, him and hie dynasty for ever, by the Councillors of State
appointed by the people of ihe dilferent provinces; by the town
corporatioa, and by all the iueorporatil booties of the city ; by the
regular army and the militia ; by all cities and towns attoeneye
from the nearest provinces, which it wan possible to aseenible front
the Bill of August till the 12(11 of (October. A piddle record was
made. signed by the Emperor and all public ranetionaries, and
printed.
During this period the party against the two bmthers Ministers
gnined so much perength, !list they tendered their resignation on
the last day of the month. The Emperor was at a loss how to act.
The best citireas then went to hint and presented the two deposed
Mietisters. They were reinstated in their places, and the intriguers
of the opposite party were obliged to fly. Some were overtaken
and imprisoned. Four individuals were deported to France, and
arreing them the Ex-Minister of War, who was considered a pro-
moter of the cabal. A pension was allowed to thew, and a jticheild
inquest was ordered.
That party has been described In Foreign Partin as a republican
party. 'fo pr"ythe contrite/ would prove a troubletiottie task ;
in as a proof that they ware not repeblicans, the following argil.
Weill will he convincing :-
11n the Itith of February Ivo, limbo,: themselves restored to Rio'
de. Janeiro, the Ex.Slinister of War ;AS appninted .eitl-tle.Comp
to the Emperor, and created a dignitary of 'the Imperial (Wee of
the Cruzeire. as also two other digniteries. If their men, who sp.
plied for the cross, ribatids, and distinctions, were republican,
what name shall we give to American (-Mien%
That moment of confusien being once Net, theilleeernment
went on regularly; but the judicial Uinta( condemned untie MM.
viduals to prieint. A battalion 700 strong, and a squedron under
Jewet, manned with old marines, were sent to Bahia or St. Salve.
dor. Thee, as mion as they landed the soldier', ran spiritlesr to
Rio de Jaucim. It was then that the Boverument perceived that
it mimed a marine newly mid better createds and Lord Cochrane
wan called, and appointed Commander of the Brexiiian fleet.
The first Ilterelian Aesenthly c invented on the 3d of May, Ifirl.
The Emperor having entered the house, crowned. put trio his
baud the crown in a salver, mid then opened the Session, sewed on
the throne. Title can made a rule by the Assembly, against the
general will of the people, clearly pronininced. In every suttee-
queut public paper the :Virility was attacked, soul with so muck
acrimony, that they decreed that on every future occaeion, when
the Emperor opened the Asecnibly in person. he should be seaml,
ai:d speak with his crown 1.3. By this finely resolution the As-
sembly was commended in the public prints. Elghty-six I)eputles
were aesenthletl; and to make up the hundred, decreed these from
the city of Debi, from Maranham, end tiara, 1,1(.7C only wanting.
The Administration took very soon posseecion of the Assembly ;
and the Opientition, wjehitig to create a party, was misled in the
way. They discovered vote Tenure, intentions of stripping the
Crown and the priests of sine of their privileges. The people
took the alarm, and every day they lust ground until they became

....Y..
et the party against the two Secretaries was reinforc.sl by all
those who got netiiiiig in the new tioverument, by the friends of
those iniplicnted in the October cabal, and by those whom they
created cocottes, by their haughty manner, their impudence, and
thcit vindictive temper. The Neat symptom of their derline wa%
discovered in the declaration of the promoters of the (Molter cabal
AR innocent. by the criminal court, and In the penuitssion of those
deported to return to their h el. As soon as it was IhnCeireil
shatlu.y were Rondos! in the papers, to terminate their own di..
grace, one of them, the elder brother, had a personal dispute with
tl.e limperor, upon the restitution to his !mouse at St. ['auto, ci a
man whose political conduct had been a subject of legal inquiry.
This man was brother-in-low to a Deputy of the Amembly.
The Emperor ordered that the matter should be forgotten, and
that oil dots• perweutrit for their supposed tion.eotiformity of poll.
twat conduct should be restored to their homes. To this the
Secretary would hot agree. The family party in St. Paulo inf. it-
enced his conduct ; lie would not obey ; he wu dismissed; and h.s
brother tendered his resignation.
Two days after LVII a strived that the Basilian squadron, under

Lord Cochrane, had conopelled the Portuguese troops to fly to
Lisbon, and that he was employed in eapturing from the.convoy ;
and although it was prniected by fourteen sail of tesaels of war,
one-third of the transports were taken.
In August an agent from the Portuguese Government arrived
front Lisbon, by way of Bahia, with ni .ers to sulpend hostilities
there, and afterwards to join two other Port:mu-se a;rtot, sent di-
reedy to Rio de Janeiro. Ile entered the port um:sr i'arll47ll7,lltArT
colours. A few days after, the two agents arrived a sloop of
war, and entered the port under I'm:ingot:se colones. She was
sexed, and they were detained on bowl. A correspondence began
between them and the Government, in which they direct. d their
despatches to the Imperial Government. But as they were n
authorised to ierognise its independence, the crorreeprindence was
soon smioned, and the three were dismissed to Lisbon in the first
brig, and the sloop was retained for trial.
As soon at the two Secretaries were dismissed from the Admi-
nistration, they put theniselrea at the head of the Opposition.
They roused it; ant the same persons that had maintained the
dignity of the Crown became its opponents. Every lioverttroci4
measure was debated, opposed, and scufliol at; and so much ti.'
earnest were !bey to become Secretaries once more, that they
sought an occasion to attack the new and feeble A di:lints:ration,
by forcing the Assembly to interfere in matters which, limier every
well regulated Government, belong to the executive and judicial ,
powers.
Two mritary men struck an individual, unwilling him to have
been the amlitor of a libel against them and some officers, printed in
the papers. This man, urged by the intriguers, preserved himself
to the Assenitly. The question was strongly debate:l. and seine.
thing like a noun appeared in the galleries, in favour of the deposed
Secretaries, and the Speaker was obliged to soliouri the Sesaion.
%Viten the two came dut, they were off red by their friends to the
Emperor with great bonsai., who was at a tear window. Ile ap-
pointed new Mtnitters, but not these. The people were ansinue,
and solicitude appeared in every countenance. The niiiitary, against
wham Insulting things had been said in the debate, went in a body
in the afternoon, to the K r.peror, and begged redress. Ile ordered
them under arms, in the night. near his residtmee, and civil war
was averted by this timely resolution).
The next day tine Assembly declared Itself in peril anent P‘ssion.
and thus remained two days. On the second, at 12 ,'elm,:[, it was
dissolved, wit another convoked by the same decree.
The two Ea-Seeretariee, and their third brother, the Melt do-
qnent man in the Assembly, a priest, their cousin, a eery warm
trismd of theirs. and another person, a very ttoprineipl AI
that coveted power, aid who was always ready to site- h Wind(
to innovation'', were deported to Europe. The married lots weer
ordered to ?mere in (Trance seven Montane. live hamletsd tivres, is
an annual pension, and the unmarried, (one half of vorit sum.
Whilst these political contests for power were taking place at Rio
de Janeiro, Maranhao and Para were united to the empire by the
squadron order bard Cochrane, and the Portiv,mese troops found
therein sent to Lisbon. At Pernambuco they had changed the ad-
ministration twice, although they had derides in the Assembly at
Rio de Janeiro, and tranquillity was there never well restored. At
Montevideo the army bad two 'tarn.* ; tome attach:A themselves
to the Commander, who declared himself foe Mud ; others to a
Brigadier. who declared !Milroy tor Portugal. As this party was
the shongest, the Brazilian General toe!: pest out of the city, and
after a prolonged struggle, when a Brazilian :itiadron appearid
of the port. they capitulated, and on the 6th of March last, de-
parted Cur Europe, leaving the greater part of the soldiers enlisted
an the Brazilian army.
The nein( of the dissolution of the Assembly wan received at
St. Paulo Minas, St. Catherina, Rio Grande, tioyagee, Mato
Grosso, anti la a louden and necessary measure. At Per-
nambuco. a titan got into the Presidency, when he heard that •
new President had teen appointed at Rio de Janeim, a:cording to
a law of !Le last Assenololy. As he is a great intriguer, and sup.
ported by fortigneri, public tranquillity is still nut remored ; and
so in th.• pruritic-, of the north, where these spool's of revolu-
tion, misery, and bl.dod, have spread theniselves, influenced, it is
supposed, by the most shameful political inuolemr.ce.

The Emperor, the &tuts:les, and a Council of State. now ad.
ministered the Empire. They presented to the people, in forty days
the l'entet of a Constitution the hest adapted to the character, man-
nerd, and mode of thinking of the Brazilians. It was framed upon
the model of the American and English. Constitutions, skit thenew
idea of Benjamin Coastant, of the ereation.prji fourth nowir, railed
the modes-wire. After having been eirculttri he the country for
general approbation, and addresses had been received f the
greater put of the country., praying the Emperor that it should be
considered the Cuttratilution of the Empire, it was sworn to on
the 25th of last March by the Emperor, and by every public
character.

This is a concise and true narrative or the Bratilisn Revo!mina,
against Portuguese encroachments, tyrnnny, baseness, and the
most degrade g intrigues. The country is at present in peace, ex.
colt On the north side, where personal ambition is the only motive
to opposition. Hut as every party proclaims the imptri .1 authority,
and as civil order is the natural state of society, peace will be soon
restored, notwithstanding foreign influence.
