rnicgs or FOREIGN
/lessee Ayres Roads 321
Ditto Asst.
ettLian Deeds 37 1
Acct. 371 7 6]
Smoot. :an Beads 361
Pito Ronda i 1524311113 9 al
t. •Ito A crt. 391 I Si
Frretcl Rental 3 pee Out. OK
asehazes Vt. 10e.
We... 4 4,m:•

ITOCX9 ON BATVIDAT.
Greek Bonds (lei) At
Ditto Acct. .1
Mexican loads
Ditto Hoods (ins) Me 4
Ditto Acct. !MI el it ',ell,
Portivion flootioae
Ditto Acct. Se
Pruvoloo Boods
Ditto Bonds (1821)
Spools!. Bonds Ild9ri

PRICES OF SHAW
mu

ES ON SATURDAY.
sus. Maim. Paid.
12100 70 ea as
. 100 32i V dis
.... 100 2e ins
..... 40 2$ 12 Ms

11.1.1,11eslran ......
'.7on ...... ...........
qvite.'. 11,i 1:11p r Santo Brsell..
IP•ir.l

CU Britisitt tirtOgi.

DRVRY-LANE THEATRE.
T.ie trenlne, MONDAY, October 30...111 be performed the Trilled), of
PIZARRO.
ft3i.3. ; Pishrro. Mr. Hewlett ; Alonzo, Mr. Cooper; Coro.
Mrs. W. Went; T..lrin Mrs. Ml.:Whom
After which the Romantle Opera of
HER FREISCHIrTZ.
Ot,-cer. Mr. Mercer ; Bernhard, Mr-Redford; Adolph, Mr. T. Cooke;
Cr.;.,v-. Mr. Item; Elnan, Mr. J. Remili l Zatniel, Mr. 0. Smith;
Ml6* OraddJo ; Rove. Miss A. Tree.
COVENT-GARIT,
TMe Evening, MONDAY. October 30, will be perfoemed
HAMLET.
liitatirt. Mr. Young; Polonlue., Mr. illaachard; Pint GrovedlSSer. Bir.
Bartier. Queen, Mrs. Cauca ; Ophella, Pits. M. Glover.
After which

_
THE MILLER AND HIS MEN.
L • Mr. Earley Lethalr, Mr. Daruset. Claudine. Mrs. Vining;
Ravine, Mrs. Fauelt Laurette, Mies Henry.

T. t BRlTtae Passa commenced publishing on Saturday
morning at half-past Rye o'clock.

LONDON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1326.

We have received the French Papers of Friday and the
Fr. dated Saturday ; their contents are of no interest.

. -
(From the Eivile.]

VIENNA, OCT. 18.

TI:4 morning, at three o'clock, a fire broke out in the apart-
errrn:s of rite Archduke Louis, and communicated to those apart-
which have been occupied at different times by the Emperor
Pear:der and the Kings of Ilavaria and %Virtcmbe►t. The lire
centinued until the interior of those magnificent apartments fell a
rte., to the flames. The Archduke Palatine, his wife and children,
a .arrow escape. No lives were lest, but the value of what has
bsln destroyed is considerable. The fire is supposed to have
animated in the negligence of a servant.
_ _ _

BIADZID, OCT. 16.

The Archbishop of Seville has Issued an order to the ecclesiastics
and all persons connected with the (Attach in his jurisdiction, re-
quiring them to oppose their influence to the circulation of seditious
writings, and the promulgation of revolutionary doctrines, and to
lose as time in making known to the police the names of those
in are employed in distributing the former, or are known to be
attached to the latter.

We have received the Sio,Tnpnre Chronicles to the 11111
•A`”, ard subjoin some extracts :
From the Sing Tore C:rauirk of April 27.1
ItENCOOLEN.

• The Dutch ship Mary, which arrived tromßencoolen last week, has
through away a number of the assistants and followers belonging• to
the Ilorourable Company's establishment. The Mary, we hear,
MS taken up for the purposeof conveying to this settlement such
of the Collies with their families as wish to leave the place. These
people ore a small remnant of a party of Madagascar slaves which
where imported into Bence°len by the llottonrable Company about
tdrct3 years ago ; they were manumitted in the year 1818, but few
of them appreciated the hen Aits of emancipation, and accordingly
cemidcrable number of them preferred remaining in the service
0 the Government on the terms on which they had been employed
ei:ring the period of their slavery. On the cession of Port Marl.
I...trough to the Dutch, many of them were pensioned by the Cont-
rary, and it was to afford these an opportunity of transporting
t ert•elves to a British Settlement that this ship IV at chartered by
tte Comany's Agent. The Dutch Authatities at Fort Marlborough,
appesrs, would not permit their embarkation, considering them
light of public property. This manure of the Dutch Rest.
ie..: is. in our (pinion, in direct opposition to the terms of the
t-evy, the 11th arti,le of which provides," That ail the inhabitants
tee territories hereby ceded shall enjoy for a period of six
years, from the date of the ratification of the present trenty, the
I betty of disposing as they please of their property, and of trans.
porting themselves without let or hindran-e to any country to which
they may wish to remove." A reference has been male to the Java
Government on the subject. They will to doubt act justly, aril
curb the spirit of unauthorized interference which has manifested
r.sell in the conduct of their reatesentatices at Bencoolen.
From the Sid;vorr Chi tinkle of April 13.1
• SIAM.
Tie junk which the King of Siam wads annually to China with
presents for the Emperor has this year been lost off the bar of
Siam. Captain Burney was at Bankok, and had succeeded in ob-
taining the release of 570 of the Burman prisoners taken front 31er.
gut aed Tavoi. These had been s,nt across the country to Penang.
PA DA NO.

G . accounts from this place we learn that the general trade of the
r/r1 i• decreasing, and that foreign trade in particular is much de-
rev.- 1. The regulation prohibiting the transportation of silt into
tre il.terior had had the efrect of inducing the natives to find other
rtane.els of supply. Raw cotton from the continent of India had
suers been an article of imrortar.ce, and the natives hail derived
that supply from Padang, but the Dutch Government had imposed
re cently a prohibitory duty of 2.1 rupees per picul on this article,
And this unexpected interference of Government with the established
regulations had tended Dutch to the &crease of trade. Some years
ago t .e quautil of gold collected at Padang amounted to 12.e0u
tads annusily ; at present it does not exceed 2,000. The principal
a-d almost only export now is ccffee.
POSTIANA 11.

(►.n accounts from Pontianah state that the foreign trade was
r,r dull, and produce scarce, in cocsequence of the disturbances
c:•cadaned by the war with the Chicesc miners.
COCHIN CIIINA.

A Cochin China ship and two junk% arrived here from the capi-
tal ct that country on the 19th ult. These vessels belong to the
king. and arc ostensibly despatched on the same errand as the ves-
pt•l+ which arrived here last year. Fiom this we presume that the
vot lee of last season has proved a favourable one to his N 1 njcsty.
%Ye learn dist the °meet-hellcat of Cochin Chinabavelidely frrrreared
th•ir navy. and that now they possess eleven sail of square-rigged
setse:s. fully equipped.
[From the Singapore Chronicle of May 111
ISIACAO.

Accounts have been received from this port of a riot having taken
place among the Chinese inhabitants. In the month of February
tr Chinese had been murdered, and a Coffre native of (Ora was tried
and condemned to be executed for the crime. The Chinese rabble
bos ever believed that the prisoner was not guilty, and they insisted
that the murder had been committed by the master of the Collie, a
I"ortuguese, wbo delivered him up, anti who had been very active
in the affitir. On the day of the execution a mob collected round
the house, in which were assembled the Portuguese Authorities and
some Mandarins of rank sent by the Viceroy of Canton to rasa gen-
Settee of death. The military, however, were called out, and the
aertence put in execution. The mob, consisting entirely of Chi-
rese. hail now assembled in vast numbers, armed with ►pears, with
which they charged the P.lrtuguese troops, put them to Night, and
°bilged them to re ire for protection into a small fort situated on a
hid above the town. They seized the chief .Mandarin, insulted
and beat him severely. They next proceeded to the houses of two
Portuguese who were obi taious to them, and pulled them down,
and it was only with the assistance of a band of Calle slaves that
order was at length restored. Many of the soldiers were severely
'roundel, anti two of the officers desperately.
SINGAPORE.

I,i'e have much pleasure in noticing the progressive increase of
Er.7opeau dwelling-houses in the settlement. Much impnr,:ment
