WEXFORD NOMIN4TIO.V.

The following is the address delivered by tho
Gentleman who nominated Jelin Colclough, Esq.
at Wesferd, on Saturday se'nnight
Rev. Mr. Sterrom in support of Mr. Colclough,
spoke as follows :
" Mr. Sheriff and Gentlemen. the moment has
again arrived whenthis county, fos a third time with-
in one year, has to struggle for its freedom and inde-
pendence. After having endured a state of political
slavery ; after having been obliged, from a combi-
nation of various causes, to submit, for almost twenty
years, to a disgraceful and tytannical domination
of a diBatorial party ; the genius of freedom
seemed to revive, and the flame of independ-
ence to be re-kindled in the breast of almost
every individual in this county. I say, Gentlemen,
of every individual, because my friends, Mt. Carew
and Mr. John Colclough, were, but a few months
since, eleited to represent you in Parliament, with-
out one dissentient voice, in opposition to the am
bitions views and diclatorial domination of that po-
lical Leviathan and his associates, by whom we had
been kept for such a length of time in a state of
political shivery and bondage.
" Mr. Carew has, from ill-health, I am sorry to
say, as well as from the defective registry cf his
numerous friends, declined coming forward on this
occasion ; but Mr. Colclough has been again pro-
posed for your consideration. His political opinions
were well known to you all, previous to his late re-
turn; and it is impossible, that, by any at of his,
since that period, he can have forfeited the favoura-
ble opinion, which you then manifested towards him,
by your uuanimous support, to a continuance
of which, he looks forward with confidence
and gratitude. Gentlenom, the ancestors of
my fiiend (Mr. Colclough) whom I mean to
support, have been, for a series of years, far
beyond the recellettion of any man who hears me,
the most faithful and patriotic representatives of this
county ; they have never bartered the favours you
conferred upon therts, for place, pension, emolument
or title ; they have never abused, in any one single
instance, the constitutional trust which has been re-
posed in them, nor left it in the power of any indi-
vidual to point out one solitary blot upon their poli-
tical escutcheon. These are proud grounds on
which to stand, and ought to insure to my friend
the zealot:; support of the Eleltors of this county,
once famed for its freedom and independence. Mr.
Colclongh has ever been the advocate for concilia-
tioa ;he has never been accused by any man of reli-
gious or political intolerance ; he supported the late
Adminiktration, because he considered them the
;true and sincere friends of our gracious Sovereign,
and of the British Constitution ; that Constitution,
which is the envy and admiration of civilised Eu-
rope, unequalled in theory as it is in praftice. It
was the wish of that Administration, which my
friend supported, to have
.granted to all His Majes-
ty's subjects, of every religious persuasion, an equa-
lity of political privileges, in common withtheir Pro-
testant brethren ; and by such salutary laws to
make the mass of the people the strength of the na
Lion, instead of its weakness ; and to erect around
the empire a barrier of strength, impregnable to any
foreign foe. It is now well understood that the late
Administration has been removed front His Majes-
ty's Councils, because they refused to give what Limy
conceived to be an unconstitutional pledge, and con-
trary to the sacred obligation of their oath as Privy
Counsellors. It was their anxious wish to open the
army and the navy to all Dissenters, and among them
to His Majesty's Roman Catholic subjeEts,and to hold
our to them the honours aril rewards of their pro-
frstion. justly earned by those dear-bought viiitto
ries, which they greatly contributed to obtain in
every quarter of the globe. Have they not been
forward in the post of danger, and foremost in the
ranks of glory ? Cou:d we recall to life the gallant
Abercromoir, and ask him, if in that dreadful
conffia, where he nobly fell, did the lri,lt Catholic
disgrace his country, or shrink from the contest
wita the foes of BI itain ?4 what, think you, would
be his answer ? Would he not say, that they added
lustre to the British name, by their deeds of hero •
ism, and saturated even the sand-hills at Alexan-
dria, with the blood of the British foe? Let me
ask you, did Sir John Stoart, in any of his official
dispatches, complain, that tio: Irish Catholic evinced
less ardour, less magnanimity, on the plains of Mai.
•da, than did the Britoil soldier, when, at that awful ,
moment, as the gallant General informs us, the
whole of the French line shrank &ern the contest
with the British bayonet, and yielded to du supe-
riority of British valour? It is unnecessary, I pie-
some, to point out to you tile recent conduit of our
troops in another quarter of the globe, at Monte
Video, and particularly of a small detachment of
the 87th regiment, who were, as I am informed,
Irish Catholics to a man. Every Irishman has
heard of it, the temenforance of it is engraver, on
every Irish heart, in indelible charaflers of grati-
tude and admiration, not to be effaced : and yet,
Gentlemen, it is such men as these that the
Minister refines to place in a state of political
equality with their Protestant brethren. Many and
honourable are tl:e instances which I could ens-
=ewe of their heroic ardour on land, nor have
their services been less signal on the ocean, which,
like Van Tromp, they have contributed to sweep
from East to West. Could we re-animate the
canonized remains of the god-like Nelson, which
sow lie entombed in the mainmast of the
L'Oriaat, and ask him, if, among the vi tors
a the Nile, the Irish Catholic bore an inglo-
rious part ? what. think you, would be his reply ?
or, on that eventful day, big with the fate of Eng-
land, in that tremendous contlaft off l'rafalgar,
when the gallant Admiral made a telegraphic com-
munication to his fleet, that o On that day England
expefled every Man would do his Duty !"—Lave
you heard, that a single Irish Catholic disobeyed the
order, or disappointed the emu:tattoos of the gal-
lant hero ? And yet. monstrous to tell, to such men
as these, the British Minister, aided by his infatuated
-"2 supporters. refuses to grant an equality
privileges, in common with their Pro-
hren.—Men, who have been contending
ardour with any British subjed, for
that is sacred and dear to their country-
, they not been contending in the de-
Most Gracious Sovereign, his Crown
' Have they not been contending in
the Bilessh Colastitotioo, of our Laws,

~1- ~ ~"

our Lit,ertie•, and our Lives, and spilling their
blood to preserve their Protestant Brethren, in the
exclusive possession of p.il:tical blessings and priti-
legs, which, I say, the present Administrat:on and
their fanatical adherents, refnse to participate w•:th
them ? Those blessings and those privileges. the
late Administration were solicitotis to have extended
to the Irish Catholic. My friend (Mr. Colclottgh)
supported that Administration, upon the fullest con-
•iEtion, that such measures would most essentially
tend to strengthen the Empire at large, and to pre-
serve the Constitution, in Church and State, as by
Lan• established. _ _

......
.‘ As to the other two gentlemen, Mr. Alcock and
Mr. Ram, who have been this day proposed to you
for your cnnsideration, I protest I feel the highest
personal resped and retard For them both—but shill
leave you to judge. Gentlemen, whether you will
consider them as objets worthy of your choice. The
latter gentleman supported ti'c Unina, and by so
doing, contributed to sacrifice your most invaluable
privileges, which can never be again restored. As
to the political conduct of Mr. Alcock, I had ever
held it in the highest estimation, until he had linked
himself with a party in this count;, whose Parlia-
mentary cimditel has been so corrupt, so ignoble, so
desta naive of our dearest rights, so well known to
every individual in this county, as not to stand in
need of a comment from any Independent Elector."

Mr. CARR rose, and in an animated speech, of con-
siderable length, seconded Mr. Sutton, in support
of Mr. Colcnragh ; but as we have not been able,
from the Court being excessively crowded, Rem-
rately to detail his speech, we decline giving 3
garbled extraEl of it, as we are prc:mised a cone}
report.

NAViIL INTELLIG6NCR.

POITSMOUTIT, JUNE I.

Arrived yesterday evening, the Earl lbw, trad•
insv, and 'Few lord East Indiamen, and several
other outward-bound vessels, from dr! Dawns;
also arrived this day, the Gib►attar pack a, from
Waterford ; His Majesty's ships Cnraltne, from Ply-
mouth ; Star and 11.%stant, from a crurre.

Sailed Hl3 Majesty's ships Grort:.
Plymouth ; Go.hnzuA, on a cruise ; and the fury,
with a consoy for the Downs.--Wind W.

DEAL, .11N11 1.
Sailed His Majesty's ships Sea-Lori for Yar-
mouth, and Kangwoo on a cruise.
Arrived the Bloodhound gun-brig iron a cruise,
and remains in the Downs with the rest of the ships
as per last.—Wind E.S.X.

SOUTHAMPTON, MAY 30.

General Sir James C-aig, K. B. Commander of
this Distri6l, has tired this pace for Ins head quar-
ters.—Sir James has taken a house at Powis.hill.
The South Hants Militia marched into this town
on Tuesday last, on their route to Weymouth.
They were regaled by their Lieut.-Colonel.
Yesterday the Carnarvon Militia also arrived on
their march to the Westward.

Sailed for Morlair, on Saturday List. the King
George, Capt. Bruger, with Ficnr h prisoners.
On Saturday last was launched, at Dursledon, a
beautiful tiigate of 3fil gun,. named the Iloratio.
The fineness of the day aurafted a large assemblage
of speetathrs, who were highly gtitutira by the
sight of a very fiae launch.

and fanatical a
of political pri
:th est Bearei althfl
ovary thing th
aeon ?—}Lave
fence of our
and Digaity
du defame of
