mendous ire, caning nt to the Army, ra.7.
,huh tens returaell ay exclamations
horn his troops, that they tweet would fermis their
Emperor.'
ti The Russians having lost their artillery on the
2(1, were, during the following days, ordered to

fight with the sword and bayonet, and the final re-
sult was, that the Emperor recovered all his cannon,
and the whole ground he had lost. The French
wore driven from the field, beyond Austerlitz,
(where the battle of the 2d commenced) znd after-
wards retired behind the Swartz, with their lett at
Brunn, and their right at Nicholsberg.
Nn details have been received of killed and
wounded, on either side."

The first column of the Prussian troops bas ar-
rived in the environs of Nuremberg; the other co-
lumns are following with the utmost rapidity. A
few days more will bring them to the seat of war.
ACCEARAU is to command the army destined to
prow& BUN APAR T L'S rear, and ad against the
Prussians. He is now at Ulm, and his fore! is, it is
said, to be increased to tio,ooo men. Archduke
Cil ARLES has reached Hungary. Masssua is at
Lay bath.
The Hereditary Prince of Des 41 ARK is dead.
Tim Bllavics Slate Gazelle, of the 14th, states,
that, on the 13th, General &OCR announced, on
the Parade, at Amsterdam, that the French had
obtained a decisive vidary over the Allies on the
3d instant ; that they had taken and killed 40,000
Russians, taken all their Artillery, and the whole
of the Russian Imperial Guards, with their Com-
mander (the Grand Duke Coast A NTIN E). lit con-
sequence of this intelligence, there were public re-
joicings in Holland ; but this statement is evidently an
exaggeration of the first part of the battle on the 2d.
So far we have the authority of the foreign journals,
and we think they warrant the conclusion, that the
French have sustained a great and signal defeat.—
Of its value, it is impossible, at the present moment,
to form an estimate. It is immense. Never were
such great 4nd multifarious interests embarked in
a cause, or dependent upon the issue of a battle. A
new King of Bavaria, a new King of Poland,
Turkey over-run, and Naples melted down into
the kingdom of Italy, are only a few of the revo-
lutionary schemes ready for execution, had the Cor-
sican triumphed in this great battle.

The brig Waslttnetan, of Boston, W. G SON ins.
Master, arrived at Dover, on Wednesday, from the
Texel, a:“.1 landed Mr. Do s A LDSON, the Messenger,
arid W. I'. Swirl'. Mr. DONA LDSON seas ship-
wrecked, at the Texel, on his voyage to Bremen, in
the Plgt.n schooner ; the disp.c.ches were lost. Two
transports were also wrecked on the Ist of Decem-
ber, at five o'clock in the morning, on the Haack
and Texel Sands. Admiral Kika SLIT pressed all
the boats, and sent them off to their assistance ; an
the men and troops were saved from one of them,
but, out of the other, containing '279, there were
only fourteen saved ; she lay in such a dangerous
situation, that the boats could not get to her ; the
officers are on their parole, and the men are in pri-
sor. at Haarlem,

In consequence of orders received by the Mar-
quis Iref&Alty, respelling the settlement lately form-
ed at Balambangan. direCtions had been given to
r•:linquish the p.)ssession of that island. Several
ships were taken up to bring away the servants,
both civil and military, with the settlers that had
arrived time since the English took possession,
which consisted of three or four hundred persoas,
must cf wholes were Chinese.

Part of the fleets from the Baltic have arrived in
the Humber.

Letters received by the ships arrived from Ben-
coolen, mention, that the natives belonging to the
opposite side of the Island had made an incursion
into the East India Company's territory, where
they had done considerable mischief to the vine-
yards, besides taking and sending off several of the
cultivators into slavery. This unprovoked aggres-
sion had obliged the Governor to send a strung
force against them, which had succeeded in driving
them over the hilly country with considerable loss.
The I.'l/mention, Barron. from London, to the
South Seas, was all well on the 18th of Oduber, in
lat. se. south, long. 45. West.
The W T )0.!4 from Petersburgh, for Mont-
rose, is on shore near Revel.
It is nut true, AS the Frent::ivain-gloriously assert,
that Vienna was never tsefore in the pu ion of a
hostile force. In the year 1485, that city was taken,
alter a siege of sit months, by MATIHIAS Coy-
vi huh King of Hungary. He kept possession of it,
till the year 1490, when ht• again ceded it to the
:muse of Austria. In 152:4 Stain hoc' lAN 11,
foist ineffeaua! seigc to Vienna. He pitched no less
thao 2ti,Coo tents before the city ; but, alter au as-
' souk ot 13 jays, he was obliged to decamp in the
greatest confusion, and with immense loss. A se-
cond attempt on this metropolis, by the Turks, was
not mine successful. In 160, it was besieged by
the Grand Vizier K r..r Li, with an army of
280,0n0 men, but was delivered by the celebrated
Print! EU() e, and Joni. Strains:, king of Priam',
who, ith a force, consisting of 55,000 Germans,
and 20.000 Polish cavalry, completely routed this
formidable Lost of the infidel assaikoats.
