private account. Here, winch Was the trite Unccas '
neer ? Was it General Boltrar, the noble defender
of tit; lalid which give him birth, or the foreigner,
the Spaniald Morino ? • ,
Ills Genres' 31•Gregot, Comronsider-in-Chief of
the slimy of New Gritted', attacked anal captured
Porto Belle for the purpose of pillage, and then
put out to sea loaded with plunder and riches?
No ! but steel' was the system of the freebooter and
rour•terer, which the Editor of the newspaper bus
.berth silly shrough to gnote on this occasion.
Oa the oilier haul!, Sir Gregor ilil.Gregor having
operateil a lauding in his own adapted cousitry, in
the comity), of his wife and of his children, for the
purpose of delivering it from shivery rid oppress
Piero, has marched upon Panama, hoisted the
colours M 'New Grimed* in every direction, and
proclairitill the resertaltliehment of the General COEM
groat, under whose orders lie Ws served and fought
ever einceA 1 1.
Oppressed Americans! the hour of your entire
ernancipation IS at last enure, every generous heart
thrills with emotion, owl ibrays for your se-eess—
be assured, the paltry intrigues of the Spaniaril
sfannot ;limits against 1.11.1011, and tlrr illtettat% and
power of the people. The soonriurtl hr.isted ell die
towers of Porto Bello nod of Panama, a ill sutra
wave over Santo Fe ate Bogota, on the walls of
Quito and of Cariliagetta. Then these pretendod
adventurers, whom you call 34611 r IlbtrHfor!.,
scull
are 110 in reality, the.e pretended Brecranrers
*lll receive front enlightened Europe the just
tribute of aPprobatiou and praise, so anip'y air-
• served, by the services they still have rendered to
the cause of humanity, sod by the insistance which
they will lures given to the progress of knowledge.
The hest of all prereismitem against slavery--Inr
where the people twow their rights and ittiow their
Mower, they will ever know how to wen and to
obtain thew.
I have the heaver to be, Sr,
Your obedieut Serialist,
F. M.

36. DevonsFlre•alrnt, Porttauntin
20th ✓tee, ISIII.

TH E BM' El S 11 PRESS.

LONDON,
SATURDAY, Jul 26, ►BB9.

In consequence of the great accumulation of
ba-titets in the House of Common', it was settled
lit.A night that the !louse shall niret ou Monday ■t
the roily hour of two o'clock. nod on every other
d ty, dorm.; the remainder of them Session, at three
o'c!ntk. 'l'lis to an approach to the old ,ysteni long
*Owe exploded, when the Ilause met ut ten o'clock
in the 'spatting. Ilopcs tire entertained that by
shut workiaity ti.lt.t. the Ilou•e way rise
between the 7th and 10th of next ttn+tit;t. There ap-
;,r,, h.,we►er, to ',Jure it sufficient to
occupy lit btterstiott for two months, without any
avaste t.t time in unw•nttlty ba6jrct•. We fes►, llstit,
if the So•tott be to co,se ho .nuo, much of this bu.
tioetts tun-t star i urt 5., or pass with very supeofirial
itutice. In this touiTluoi it a large portion of Irish
. business, the pottpottfnirt,t of which, as 31r.
IlinclititsON justly obscrYttl, it calculated to ex-
tite discontent in ltrla

A letter from Lrirul CecitaANE, rlited in Fe-
bruary, from on board the squadron oil Valparaiso, 1,
was yesterday received in the City. Several para-
graphs lately appeertd in the New.papera, stating,
that his Lordship meditated an attempt to intercept
Cite treasure put on board the British f, irate
Aodronutche for safety. The letter fiu,ni L.nri!..
shy. sir understand, ftlattl,, that lie certainly
rsould have captured the frigate, kid lie ta9t
been constrained by the Government of Chili,
as he firmly believed that the specie on ho itd of
tier woo actually Spacish properly, but the Chilton
tlalhollUtla were too well dispoited tosards the Eng-
lish to tisk their displeasure, by making an attack
on the drulruntache, although they might have cr ti-
bittrsed theuustlves juettlitd iu 1111 autog. We ap-
plaud the dirierttion of the G.vernment of Chili.
A .hot fired by his Lordship against the. Auden.
muche would have resounded over the would. One
drop of British blood spilled On board her deck by
British hands, would have extinguished all the
enthusiasm that now burns in the breasts of Britons
enlisted i.t the canto: of freedom and Shuth A iu'rtic.a.

We have received Gernfin Papers to the 14th
i:lbtollit. The persons banished front France by the
Otdin.ince of the I.:4th July, re.ident in Vienna
find its vicinity, lately wet at the lion-e of .11 1,111110
JOSErn BONAP A TE, where thfy have estalih.hed
n rritate theatie.—The Jottrunl de Franking tir-
rlires itself authorised to contradict the report that
Count NfussTeu wid be placed at the head of the
Cinveritinent llatiover, and that Geo. rai 1/outbi-
d:mac will succeed Icon in London, as wholly un-
founded. Count MUNSTLIt, after spending about
three wicks tut the Continent, will retutis ti

The Paris I)..pers tim .2/ti have strived.
'flee finsneed eltltates are nut yet closed ill the
Gramber el I)eilutieo. Those el the .21,4 re kte tie
far the i, iI Niers aino have bred striiplied
ial their jor.ipeeiy, runt reov livr tto gre.it distress.
Theo nuebber t. reducul de.eths to 7,1)41),
