now passing before him teaches it. The inferences are '
as clear as they are instructive ; Mr. Canning, we
earmstly hope, will profit by them : he must ; or, in the
present crisis of Europe, we ma•: be ruined utterly.—
Russia is, at this momelit, acting with the most atrocious
perfidy in the heart of limey. She understands her own
interi'st, and pursues it without remorse. 11cr object,— and
in this she has ;measlier' but to well,—is to sow the seeds
of dissension, and to turn to the ds,itruetion of both par-
ties the spirit of discord she may excite in each ;
the thief that kindled his torch at Jupiter's altar, and then
robbed his temple by the light of it. It is the aim and
wish of England to restore the Greeks to virtue and to
freedom. A simultaneous effort is making here to raise
again this isnot people to the rook of men : but, elated and
grateful as we know they are, for this ninaifelitation
of British feeling in their favour, their great reliance must
be upon themselves ; they must act in a spirit of union, which
they must not suffer to be broken, or even to be disturbed
Their cause requires that they should prise onward with
undivided strength. They have nothing—nothing on
earth to trust to, but the Providence of God and their own
fidelity. All the achievensents of their most gallant seal
will yield them nothing, the instant they cease to act in
concert, and the will of one is no longer the will of all.
They can only strike with energy while they act in unison:
dissension will

---- -- ---
" Turn all their fairest hopes to shame and ruin."

founded, as it would present melancholy prospects in the
future emancipation of the African race. This letter as-
serts, that there are upwards of a thousand free blacks and
people of colour within these Islands, and that scarcely an
instance has occurred within the recollection of the writers,
of their having ever employed themselves at free labour,
though the wages of hired labourers have been from ten
to twelve guineas a year, with 141, allowance besides of
food, clothing, and all other nicersaries. This statement
is at direct variance with those of Mr. Wilberforce and
others on this subject :—" Since the dissolution of the late
black corps," says Mr. Wilberforce, " many of the dis-
" banded soldiers have maintained themselves by their
" own agricultural labours, and have manifested a degree
" of industry tliat ought to have silenced for ever all
im-
putations on the race." Again, it has been stated, and
not contradicted on any good authority, that litany hun-
dred American negroes, who were encouraged to desert in
the Southeni States during the last war, were landed by
us at' Trinidad, and have worked since, as hired la-
bourers, for the planters, with so much diligence and
good conduct, that they are now universally regarded
as a valuable acquisition to the colony. Mr. Sseele's
treatment of his negrues in Barbadoee, to whom he
let his land, as tenants or copyliolders, in mall
parcels, taking the rent in produce, and nearly doubling
his income by such management before his death, is a
strong instance in favour of the industry of the negro, and
betrays up disinclination to free labour. In fact, we are
persuaded the West India proprietors must contemplate as
the basis of any arrangement, the ultimate emancipation
of the negro nice in all the Islands, with the freedom of
the rising generation, guarded by all those prudent restric-
tions necessary for the security of die proprietors, in persona
and property, as well as for the welfare and protection of
the Negroes theniselves. The question cannot now be
evaded, it will be pressed on Ministers early in the
Session, and the redemption of a recent pledge demanded at
their hands. The subject is one that requires the calmest
and fullest investigation. Justice and humanity both im-
periously demand, that no hasty or ill-considered decision
shall be come to. The safety of our colonies, and the
lives and patiperties of thousands, are committed in
the issue. Both are too serious to be sacrificed to the
intemperate zeal of the party who have act them-
selves up as abolitionists, and who have no interest
in
the measure beyond a furious and prejudiced zeal. We re-
fer to some extracts from a simple but sensible little pam-
phlet lately published on this subject, in the form of a
dialogue between a red-hot abolitionist and a plain country
farmer, which will be found in our coluiniis, and which
gives a striking picture, in unpretending language, of the
efforts and motives of those who are now confederated,
with a holy zeal, for the emancipation of the Blacks and
the ruin of the colonies and planters.

I.ct.them but be united, and tiny may chain fortune to
their standard ; but if disiraction continue to rend their
councils, every hope is lost. Russia, actuated by purpos.n
the most selfish, has suelciently shown her disposition to
dark and dangerous Itztrigfie; but we trust the Greeks arc
fully alive to all her ins tons agency, and will act in the
spirit of that admonition from their best friends, which
would counsel them to preserve, in every step they take,
that mutual co-operation in which alone consists their
safety and their strength.

One of the most important questions that will occupy
the attention of Parliament in the appreaching Session, will
be, the great subject of West India interests, on the pe-
titions for the abolition of Negro slavery. In fact,
whether we consider the, millions of property at stake, the
safety of our valuable possessions in the Western Hemi-
sphere, or the situation of eight hundred thousand negroes,
now dispersed as slaves throughout those islands, to whose
greedy ears the all-important decision will travel with
almost the rapidity of sound, we arc arc fully justified
in saying that no question of more importance has occupied
the attention of the Legislature for years. We would wish
to see it dircussed with temper and with judgment ; the
subject is much too serious for mete declamation. The
fiery seal of the abolition advocates ought to be moderated
on one side, while the West India proprietors should be
prepared to make every reasonable concession that hu-
manity can call for, on the other. A crowd of petitions
may be laid on the table of the Mouse by Mr. Wilberforce
and Mr. Buxton; but we all know bow petitions of this
sort arc procured: they arc signed, for the most part, by
Individuals, who, as Mr. Baring happily expresses it,
" quiet an over-timid conscience by subscribing to mis-
" sions, and affixing their signatures to petitions of this
" sort." The majority of the petitioners through the country
parts of England are utterly ignorant of the merits of the
question, and influenced only by strong solicitation or a
blind and prejudiced zeal. Yet these kind of phi-
lanthropiets are very careful always of their own
interests: with them, "godliness" is ever looked to
as "great gain ;" no individuals guard their own worldly
monopolies with more jealous cares When the proposition
was lately brought foitirirflby Brougham, t 6 give the
people in general cheap beer, and thus put within the
reach of all a salutary beverage, at a reasonable price, it
was warmly opposed (as Mr. Baring pointedly remarked)
by Mr. Buxton, himself a brewer, who, while he was en-
' deavouring, by every influence he could command, and all
the arguments he could bring forward, to destroy the pro-
perty of thousands in the colonies, defended his own mo-
nopoly, and the interests connected with it, a ith the utmost
jealousy. Under such circumstanc:x, and with interests at
stake so vast, Milliliters would he guilty of the grossest and
most cruel injustice, if they suffered the ignorant impatience
of the abolitionists to prevail in Parliament ; or a theoretic
humanity, which coats Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. 'Saxton
nothing but a few speeches and a few groans, to destroy
the vested rights and interests of thousands ; entailing, be-
sides, irreparable ruin on our valuable colonies. These gen-
tlemen, with affected moderation and generosity, may
talk of compensation to the colonists ; but have they
calculateal the amount ? It has been stated that
it would take the monstrous stun of near two hundred
millions to indemnify the West India proprietors on the
emancipation of their slaves, and cover their losses in pro-
perty, manufactures, and plantations, all of which, the
owners contemplate, would then be useless or in ruins.
The West Indians deny the principle of pretended compen-
sation to be just, unless the value of their lands, manufac-
tures, improvements, and stuck, arc also allowed theta. We
are no advocates fur the continuance of sable bondage: we
wish it never had existed at all, anti that our valuable colonies
could have been cultivated without African negrocs; but
slavery has, in fact, existed in all ages ; the very records of
holy writ are full of it ; Rome, in her day of greatest power,
was crowded, with slaves ; In classic Greece society was on the
NOW footing ; all through the East, this sort of bondage
has existed in every period of its history. Thus, whether
religion, antiquity, custom, or tradition, are appealed to,
the abolitionists most equally fail, when contending till
principle for the sadriew . extinction of slavery in the
Islands. We are ouraetecsunelterably convinced that sable
slavery cannot be perpetuated in the colonies, and that the
principle of gradual but ultimate emancipation must be
conceded. In fact, mantunissiun to a certain degree, how-
ever limited, already prevails through the Islands: num-
bers of free blacks inul people of colour are found there;
they either have been slaves or are descendants of slaves,
manumitted as a rewind for peculiar fidelity, for general
good conduct, or same important service rendered to their
masters. Mr. Willnifirree asserts that some of the Colonial
Legislatures—ln what Islands he dot s not state—have op-
Mrs. MO4l gave a ball and supper, ea Mstsday eveytittß, at bee
poised obstacles to the Negroes' manumission, imposing fines, house in 1 •pper sernmor.street, which was elegantly attended.
and greatly augmenting the fines to be paid into their trea- 3ionntdra!tui:te, eliillurarlynglgonetkles.ft his seat, Arington. Hams, Co
'pity on the emancipation of slaves; sn that in some Colo- The Duchess of Pordand arrived yesterday, at her house to St.
nits they amount nearly to an entire prohibition. If any Jiuirzliszakarz; Itcntier seat,
oneu or
leibeek. Note
town
we ekn only say on a visa to the Misses Ilyng, at their sat at esterday,
enactments of this sort have been made,
,they are equally inhuman and unjust ; and we believe Thel‘Motart ?their:lLl Chanel°s has left Arington, Hants, for her
them to be parts d, and not general. We know that in "tom and Lady Sim ess ~rived yeoerdav at Thomas's Hotel,
some of the West India Islands, and in the Bahamas in BegrelLsitrarei;:rn:itEastnoratCastti Ilerdonahotierle:
the Bond-street,
particular, there is not now, and weer has been, any from his scat in Vcrlshoe.
t • whatever paid on the manumission of the slave. 31. H. Prendergast, Esq• Mrs, Prendergast, sad family.
Ault the Royal Hotel, St. James's-street, yesterday, for Hien-
in the latter islands there wilt an obsolete law of a former „wit'.
reign,—that, we believe, oft leo. 11.,--imposing such a fine, p Lady Folkstone has arrived at her father's, the Rod of Radnor's,
. Lower iTUSVenor-street, from Hastings' Scasei.
but it was never acted upon, nor a shilling paid into the Captain Parker left town, yesterday, toe Brighton.
Treattury render it ; and the useless enactment is now, and Arrivals at the British Hotel, Jennya.atreet and Mrs.
for many years hies been, altogether repealed. A state- • ThOnl frenly..fighto:l;. aent, from a tour ; Mr. Tenn,
minton
has been made in a late well-informed letter to Mr.: fmn
Airthirmalssezattlh:ronpiraglotl St
Chihners, front the
the Bahama Islam's, which we altuuld regret iu think well. fur Urighton.

11141GIITON, Jay. 11.—The King attended Divine Ser-
vice in the Palace Chapel to-day. hi the Royal Closet,
Lord and Lady Gwydyr were included in his Majesty's
attendant suite. Every seat in the body of the Chapel was
filled by Nobility, the Royal Household, and town a folk.
The sermon ass preached by the Dean of Hereford. The
Anthem was taken Irvin the 69d Majesty's
dinner party yesterday included Lord and Lady Gwydyr,
Lord and Lady Ravensworth, and the Count and Countess
Munster.
Yesterday afternoon at four o'clock, the Duke of York,
as Coannander-in-Chief, held a levee, at his ofliee in the
Horse Guards, which was attended by Major-General Sir!
John Malcolm, Gen. Sir David Baird, Major Gen. Brown,
Gen. Champagne, Lieut. Gen. Sir Wm. Huston, and be-
tween thirty and forty others.
Monday night the Duchess of Kent, accompanied by
the Prince of Leiningen, the Princess Feodor, and their
attendant*, lumourod Drury-.l,ane Theatre with their prc-
s.:nce. The Royal party sat in Prince Leopold's box.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer had a long interview
with Mr. Secretary Canning, at the Foreign-office, on Sa-
turday.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Bishop of Lon-
don, Lord Stowell, Lord Ellenborough, and ct ten. are
on a visit to the Earl of Aberdeen, at the Priory, near Stan-
'snore. The Chance:lor of the Exchequer is expected in
town this day, from that place.
Colonel San Miguel, late Secretary of State under the
Constitutional Government of Spain, who was taken pri-
soner by the French, in Catalonia. and claimed by Ferdi-
nand, is stated to have passed through Bayonne on the 4th,
under an escort, for France. It is certainly to the honour
of the French Government, that this brave man has not
been given up to be butchered, as was Itiego, by the satel-
lites of despotion at Madrid.
(11 ens t.TA a, Dec. 19.—The Sinta Fermina, Pino, from
Cadiz, and hence to Genoa, put into Almcira the Muth ult.
having been plundered ine days before by a Spanish'
felucca, off Cape Galas, of 2,200 dollars, two barrels of
cochineal, 21 strons of indigo, and some trunks belonging
to the passengers.
CADIZ. Dee. .23.—(Ertract of a Pricate Letter.)-IVe
have had within these last few days a considerable influx
of officers, and ethers, front Gibraltar to this place, in con-
sequence of the steam packet having taken up her mown to
ply hetiveen Cadiz, Gibraltar, and Malaga. Sir .t. M.
Doyle has not been out here since July last, but is expect-
ed hourly at this place. The packet is counnandid by a
Mr. Bisset, a British naval officer, who is now a great fa-
vourite with the Spaniards.
Detachments belonging to the 16th (the Queen's) Regi-
meat of Light Dragoons, (Lancers), the 6th (Ist War-
' Wickshire), the 20th (East Devonshire), the Stith (Ist
Staffordshire)), the 49th (the Princess Charlotte of iVales's
or Hertfordshire), the 54th (West Norfolk), and 59th (Id
Nottingham), Regiments of Infantry, have arrived from
India and the ('ape of Good Ilr.pe, on board the Thames,
free trader, and disembarked at Gravesend,
The several d^tachni uts of recruits in Ireland, belong-
ing
to the 95th 11.4.1,riment of Foot, have received orders to
embark at Dublin and Cork, for Bristol, and proceed ham
thence to Winchester, where the Head-quarters of that
corps are at present stationed.
Sir Astley Cooper, in a letter to a medical gentleman of
Carlisle, expremes a decided opinion that an operation
should base been, or be, performed on Dempster. There
is a precedent on the hooks of the faculty. A Prussian
lxior accidentally swallowed a knife of larger dimensions
than that in the stomach of Dempster: Au operation was

rec.:bruit (1, the knife taken out. and the patient was well
in less than a fortnight. The Kendal statement, that the
sufferer is on hii way to Sir Astley, is not quite correct,
we believe • his intention, it was understood before he
quitted ( 'arliale, was to proceed to the residence of his mother,
in Loudon ; but it is probable that he will ultimately apply
at one of the great hospitals.—Carliale

F.MIIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.
