OIL OAS.

Sir T. ACLA ND premot;cl;peti iioo from Biddeford, in famor
of the Oil Oaa Bill. and .

Mr. HUME another, with the same prayer, from the owners of
the whalers, at Montrolie.--Ordered to lie on the table.
LOCAL TAXATION.
Sir T. ACLAND also presented a petition from Bristol, com-
plaining of the local taxation, 'and
blr. GRATTAN a similar petition, from the City of Dublin.—
Ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.

Sir]. MACKINTOSH complained that the private business
was protracted to an inconveniently late hour. It now occupied
nearly the whole evening. He hoped it would not be extended
beyond that time (a quarter before seem, and that in future it
would be terminated earlier.
TREAD-MILLS.
_ .

......
Mr. DAM'SON moved that an humble address be Twesented to
his blajesty. praying for a return of the number of treadmills
erected in the different gaols in England, of the diameter of the
wheels, the hours of labour, and number of steps required from the
prisoners in a minute—The motion was agreed to, and the address
ordered to be presented by such Members as belonged to the Privy
CounciL

Mr. LAIVLEY presented a petition from Birmingham, against
the port dues of Briated.—Ordered to be printed.
THE LATE MISSIONARY SMITH.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH said, he had a petition to present from
the Members of the London Missionary Society, formed to propa-
gate Christianity in foreign countries. The society was composed
of ministers and laymen of the Established Church, and of Dia-
senting minister and laymen. The petition related to a recent well
known transaction, the trial and sentence of one of their missiona-
ries, the late Mr. John Smith, of Demerara. (liar, hear.) Ho
would not enter into any statements, or introduce any observations
that could require any discussion or call for any animadversion,
he considered it would be in the highest degree inconvenient that
any debate should take place an so painful and important a case
till the House was
.put fully in possession of the evidence. (Hear,
hear.) The delay in printing the minutes of the trial had been so
great, that he believed no Member was at present competent to en-
ter on the question, and therefore any discussion on the merits of
the case must be premature. There was another reason why he
abstained, and that was, bora_ tie an opportunity would arise after
the Howse were in possessiodsor the evidence; until then lie thought
both sides would best consult the first interests of truth and justice
by abstaining from every remark on the case, of which a pre-
mature discussion would tend to no benefit, and was calculated
only to create prejudice and produce unnecessary acrimony.
lie would indulge only in a single observation in justice to
the petitioners. lie believed they were worthy and excellent
persons, liable in common with the rest of mankind to be
deceived themselves, but incapable of practising deception
upon others. The petitioner; were desirous to distinguish the ob-
ject they had in view, from all general questions relating to
the Cohicies. They were anxious only to vindicate the security of
their missionaries while engaged in their strictly religious duties,
and they wished that question not to be blended with any general
discussion of colonial policy.
Mr. W. HORT(/' concurred in all that had been said by the
Honourable and Learned Gentleman, as to the impolicy of a pre-
mature discussion of any statement of facts relating to this case,
until the (louse was in possession of the evidence given on the
trial. lf, however, he then refrained from making any comments
on the petition, he could not be prevented from pointing out here-
after the extreme inaccuracy of the facts stated in the petition, and
against the effect of which he begged to guard the House. He
concurred with the Honourable and Learned Gentleman, as to the
character of the petitioners yet it was his duty to observe, that in
some points they had been materially deceived ; and he doubted
whether they hail consulted a sound discretion in the course which
they had followed.
The petition was then read. It purported to proceed from the
Treasurer, Secretary, and Directors of the London Missionary So-
ciety. and prayed the House to institute an inquiry into the cir-
cumstances attending the trial of the late John Smith, of Deme-
rara, with a view to the reversion or rescindment of the sentence
passed upon him.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH, oo moving that it be printed, said, he
did not wish the House to font its jndgnit nt on the mere statement
ef the petitioners, but to come to tea_ tliv,:vssion with that fair, full,

and impartial state of feeling, which this melancholy and import.'
ant occasion demanded.
The getition was then ordered to be printed.
IRISH nousTiEs.
Colonel TRENCH presentee. a petition from the county of Ros-
common, against the repeal of the linen bounties.—Ordered to be
printed.
LONDON DOCKS.
Mr. GRENFELL moved for a return of the goods now lying
in the London Dock Warehotises.—Owlered.
NEGRO SIAVERV.
Mr. CURWEN, presented a petition from Maryport, against
slavery in the West Indies.—Ordered to he printed.
Mr. H1.731E presented a petition from the ,Minister and Elders
of Dundee, praying for the gradual amelioration of negro slavery.
—Ordered to he printed.
Mr. HI TM E then gave notire, that on the let of June he would
bring forward a motion to pledge the House to give etimpetsation
to the proprietors of slaves, tOr losses sustained by altering their
treatment.

CHURCH OF IRELAND.
Mr. 11l 'ME also gave notice, that he would, on Thursday, the
Ildth of May, move for • Committee of Inquiry concerning the
Irish Church Kitabliahment.
FOREIGN WHEAT.
Mr. CURNVEN presented a petition from some dealers in fo-
reign grain, praying to be allowed to bring it into the house market
foe consumption.
After • few words frxn Mr. CURTEIS, the petition was or. i
dered to lie on the table.
ROMAN CATHOLIC MAR II T.tOES.
Dr. Pi ILLIMORE then rose. pursuant to no ice, to move for;
leave to bring in a Bill to amend the laws molding the baptisms,
1 marriages, and burials of Roman Catholics in England. The ob..
jet' of the Bill was, he said, to place the Roman Catholics on the
same footing with regard to their marriages a* the Quakers and
Jews, and as they were themselves in Ireland. The course pre-
'tribal by the Bill was, that the banns were to be published as at
present, by the Protestant Minister. Licences were also to be ;
granted as at present, and die tame fees were also to be paid to the
clergy of the Established Church, but the marriage ceremony ;
I might be performed by a Roman Catholic priest. The Protestant
clergyman was previously to furnish a certificate that the parties
I had complied with the provisions of the law, and the Boman Ca
tholic priest was afterwards to certify that the marriage ceremony
had been performed, and it was then to berregistered in the parish'
books. With respect to the registration of the births of Itoniam!
Catholic children, some words in the Act of the 62i1 of the late
Ring, move generally known as Mr. Rose's Act. seemed to imply
that a minister of the Established (2ntrch tags the only person who
could give a certificate. The practice difihred in different places.
In some instances the certificates of Rattan Catholic priests wen'
taken, and in others refused. The consequence wa.s, that some.;
times there was great difficulty is authenticating the birth of child.
reel belonging to Roman Catholic families, acme of them the most
ancient and respectable in the kingdom. A clause would be intro-
duced into the Bill to give the cirtifleste of a Roman C4/11:,lie priest
the same effect to entitle the child to registration as that of the
clergymen of the Established Church.
The St / LICITOR-GENf RA I, was hostile to the measure, on
account of its unlimited and general limitation. The Jews and'
Roman Catholics would have an equal right to have the existing
laws repealed. lie had never heard a co:nplaint made upon the
subject.
Mr. .MONCR would date one inconvenience resulting from the
law as it stood at present.. He had seen various petitions, portico.
lady front the parish of fit. Luke. complaining that the parish waa'
burdened, in consequence of the illegal manner in which marriage
took plate, with a great number of illegirimate children—at least
of children considered by the law in this light. He had heard no
cotnplaint from the Irish Catholic parents of these children, as
they were in general too ignorant. He 'gold support the measure.
Mr. D. GILBERT thought the Romp Catholic had a better
right to this indulgence than a Ave, or any Dissenter whatever.
The Catholic considered marriage as one of his sacraments, and
when he was married out of his own church he was in his opinion
committing a grew sin, and what even the lowest Roman l'a-
tholic was married by • Protestant, he had the ceremony repeated
by his own clergyman. He would support the Bill.
Leave given.
WEST !NW—R.
Mr. BURTON moved that an humble address be presented is
his Majesty, for espies of the correspondence which took place be.,
tween his Majesty's Government and the Governer of Trinidad, re-
specting the punishment ineired upon. two slave, on the 21st of
March, 1843; also for the copies or correspondence between his
Majesty's Ministers and the Governors of Jamaica, Berbice., and
other colonies; also for various docarnents respecting the state, con.
dition, and age of the slaves in general in the West India colonies.
Mr. T. WILSON said, when he considered the number and im-
portance of the doeuments called fur, be felt it his duty to divide
the House upon the occasion.
Mr. HUME asked if the House were to stand still after all It had
done upon this subject? Theobjeq of his Hon. Friend, in moving for
these papers, was to obtain full and free information, and a know.
ledge of the subject could Dot be procured by any other method
than that pursued by him.
Mr. BURTON said, in defence of his own eandtmr he thought
it necasary to state, that within these few days he had consulted
many gentlemen connected with the Was India, and they made
no objection whatever to the pros kr—Lune given.
CkIAN
The SOLICITOR.GENERArrapped for leave to bring in a
Bill to amble infants to transfer dividends under the direct Lin of thc.
Court of Chancery.—Leave given,
WAREHOUSING BILL.

The House resol;esiiiSeliiatO;iseZioittessins the Warehousing
Bill.
Mr. HUSHISSON would ask for lore eishttiog in a Bill, to
which he could not anticipate any objecting He did cot wish to,
interfere in the slightest degree with the bees which regulated the
introduction of foreign goods into this country. Ile did cot wish
to make the least alteration hi them. Foreign corn wan at present
for two years in the warehouses of this country, and capital was to
a great amount beked up without any use or advantage whatever,
and the object of his motion would be to allow the foreign wheat,
which was warehoused, to be convened into flour for exports.
don. This WOMAN would, in his opinion, be attended with
valuable consequences to the trade and commerce of the country.
As the law stood at present, the foreign merchant was enabled
to supply the Brazils, the West Indies, and all our colonies,
with flour, whilst the British capital was idle and useless. The
object of his motion was, to allow the merchant to take out a quan.
tiny of wheat. and replace it with a corresponding portion of flour.
Hebelieved the best calculated proportion was, that one barrel of
good foreign flour (he would use the American barrel of litelbs.),
was produced from tire bushels of wheat. He would take into his
consideration the loss of weight and other injuries done to the corn
from its being a long time warehcused, and he would be satisfied
with the production of a barrel of flour front six bushels of wheat.
It should be recollected that the quality of last year's corn was had,
and a double advantage would follow from this system ; that a too.
derate portion a it would be mixed with the wheat taken out of
the warehouse, and which was dry ; and a portion of the English
flour would be mixed with that intended for exportation ; and thus
British capital would be circulated, and the flour for home con-
gumption would be improved. He did cwt wish, because it was
feared that there would be a rise upon corn before the harvest, to
Interfere with the various speculations of private individuals on the
subject. He was not one of those disposed to meddle with such
speculations • it was known that he was ready, when the proper
time came—and in his opinion it could not come tau Boor —to assist
in procuring a material alteration in the corn laws. (Hear.) He
would repeat, it was his object to serve at once the British con-,
sumer and the British capitalist, whose capital was locked up,
whilst the foreigner was allowed to trade to our colonies.
Mr. CUR WEN could not perceitehow this measure could be
beneficial to the count-, ; the objections on the sufject came, not
from the farmers, but from those who had speculated on the rise of
corn. On account too of the extreme deficiency of the crop of lest
year, the quantity was one.foorth less than at any 0.11e7 period.
He therefore trusted the Right Honourable Gentleman would not
press his motion.
Ale. FA BRAND did not sec how this measure could serve the
holders of corn. He would therefore oppose the measure.
Mr. T. WILSON thought a greeter inn; y email result from
this measure, than from the locking up so much capital.
Sir T. LETH BRIDGE said a few words respecting the repeal
of the Corn lAws.

Mr. IiFSKIRifiON said, if there was to be a time for the repeal
of those laws, it should take place .ispogOsc wide atod general prin.
eiple, and not for the gratification of any particular interest.
Alter a remark from Mr. H uur., wkAeb was nut audible in the
gallery, leave was given.
The Resolution was agreed to, and the House mimed, when
leave was given to substitute flour for wheat.
BRITISH MUSEUM.
Mr. RAKES moved that the British Museum 11111shouId he
read a second time, which was done, and ordered to be committed
for Thursday next.
_ RUM DUTIES.

The Rum Dutics Rill w read a second time; and on the mo-
tion of the CII.tNCELLOR of th* EY:CHI:QUI:It that it
should be committed,

Mr. HUME remarked that there woe a gr..-to stock of rum in the
hands of the •pirit merchants, which bad undergone an extensive
depreciation in value. Ile thought that it wu injudicious to con.
tinue the present duty of Is. lOd. per gallon on an article originally
purchased in the West Indies for Is. 4d. It was pelf, etly clear
that the duty exceeded the value of the spirit at prune cost. He
sincerely believed that this unjust procedure towards persons who
had embarked their property in this uade was forced on the Eight
Honourable Gentleman opposite, for it was very much at variance
with the principles he had laid down io the new eysiem he Ind
proposed foe the management of our trade, at the opening of the
subject some weeks ago, to the House. He was afraid that all no-
dons of mediation between the two parties were abandoned.
Mr. BRIGHT made a few remarks, after which the Bill was or-
dered to be committed on Thursday next.
BEER DUTIES BILL.

The Becr Duties Bill was read a second dine, and the report was
ordered to be received on Thursday neat.

BOUNTIES ON SUGAR.

The Sugar Bounties Bill was read a second time, and ordered to
be committed on Thursday neat.

PUBLIC WORKS.

On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER,
the Public Works Bill was read • second time, and ordered to be
committed on Wednesday.

BOUNTIES ON CURING FISH.

On the motion of Mr. C. GRANT, the Rouse went Into a Com-
mittee on the Fisheries' Acts. The lion. Member said, that be
would not detain the House ■t any length on the subject of those
Acts. It was proposed to continue the bounties allowed hitherto to
the Irish Itllierle• until the let of Janucry, lit'.3, with the vier of

KING'S THEATRE, OPERA CONCERT ROOM,
EVERY EVENING) (Good Frdi., exeeptedi IN PASSION WEEK,
sad on EASTER MONDAY, a.r the Lati! Tlme? this Sisson.

This Evening. WEDNESDAY, Aptil 14
Mr. WALKER'S LECTURE on the NEW EIDOURANION.
In these Leeturre the sublime Phenomena of the Heavens and the
glorious Inspeiwatlons of a Deity, will he strongly enforced. Ills
young Philosophical Friends from 'clued, particularly iron Eton,
Hai row, Rugby. and Winchester, the Charter House, St. Paul's,
Kensington, Ealing, Chelsea. Kennlngt ..... Hackney, he. will please to
°Nerve, that these are positively the Last Nights this Season.
Doges is., Upper Gallery 3e., Pit es.. New Gallery Is.
*es Partlealare In bills.
Places to be had of Mr. Seguin. 105. Quadrant, Ile:Put-street

TIIPATHEROYAL, ENG—L-1 S—R
OPERA-NOUSE.
At the sulioitattun of varkrua Famines, and for the accuounodatlou
of .seed! Schools,
.

The LECTURE on ISTRIiMO-MY"..irikbr
e:Zßeered by Mr. BARTLEY

TWO NIGHTS MORE:
THIS EVENING hnd TO-MORROW,
IN PASSION WEEK.
To been at Serrnt and cowhide at Tea.
Tlrkets of AduaLsalun for Yamillet to be had on moderate terms at
the Box-office.

The BRITISH Pegs.. commenced publishing yesterday morning
it Half-pas& Five o'clock.

LONDON, WEDNESDAY, Aratc 14, 1824.

The French Papers of Sunday and Monday reached our
office last night. They contain nothing of any importance.
The extracts made by the EtaOr from the Madrid Gazette,
exaggerating the temporary successes of the Royalists in
Peru, display the feelings of that Journal and its em-
ployers on the independence of South America. The Eloile
however need not exult: any passing advantages Olaneta or
Canterac may have gained fee the moment in that province
will soon close, if they are not already at an end. As to
the defeat of the illustrious Bolivar by Canterac, stated by
the Madrid Gazette, on the mock authority of letters from
Burnes Ayres, we do not r.ttach the smallest credit to it.
AVe shall probably soon have a very different history.
liolivar has taken his measures too well to fear any results
of this sort. Peru, like all America beside, will soon be
utterly lost to Spain ; the passing efforts of a few desperate
partisans cannot redeem hrr authority in that prosince.
The Etoile. under the head of Trieste to the 29th March,
states that letters from Corfu of time Ifith give the import-
ant intelligence, but add that it wants confirmation, of the
surrender of Arta by a pi:- icidar convention to the Greek
General Bozaaris, and that the Albanians had joined the
Greeks, who immediately advanced on Joannina, which
was expected to fall into their hands. The possession of
this city and Arta would make them masters of Epirus.
I From the Etn;ie of 3londay, April 12.1

Mansur), Aram 1.
The cxtraordinary supplement to the official Gozettr gives the
Proclamation of the Royalist Benersl f/laneta, who has so power.
fully contributed to the defeat of the rebels in Pont. This Pro.
(Lunation being extracted from the Argus of Buenos Ayres, its
authenticity is unquestionable. It confirms the details already
rublishcd ; that is to say. the total route of the amiy of Santa
Crux, with the loss of Oa* killed. 1,506 prisoners, all his artil-
lery. 200,000 eurtridgL., all his baggage, the printing.office of the
wry, &e. _ _

Letters from Rrrnrs rdd. that General ('anterse has
couiplt.t,:ly defeat:A ut three actions. Lie was wisely

pursuing him in his retreat, or rather his flight, towards Trull,'
and there is every reason to believe that he will overtake blip,
complete his destruction.

The bravc General Olaneta was ring to move his head-quar,
Tucuman. Great changes in our dipluanatic corps are spoke'
as certain.

The Duke of San Carlos, Ambasaador at Paris, is to be tees!
to Madrid, where he will exercise his functions as Counsellm
State. His successor will be Count Revillagizedo. The 101
the Marquis of Casa lmjo is appointed First Secretary of ',egad.
as a recompense for the services which his father has rendered
the Monarchy. The Second Secretary is Corpas, formerly Cons
rieneral of Spain, in Algarve. M. Niria, now First Secretary
Legation, is named Minister of Spain, in Holland. M. Doneel,
Second Secretary, is recalled to lilt the office of Magistrate of
Chancery of Valladolid.

31. Joseph Ileredia, brother to our M inister of State, is reeal
to Madrid. He was sent to London as agent of liquidations : It
succeeded by M. ()rue.

M. Alvarez de Toledo, Colonel it the Spanish service, is r
to Munich as Charge trAffairet

In my lasi leticr I slid thlit we expected here M. nuebhs
We now positively know that that banker has tootracted with
Government for a loan of 200 millions of rods (50 millions
francs), and that he in coming in person to Madrid for a sec,
loan, equal to the first.

Their Majesties and Royal Family enjoy good health at An
I j"".

The French military hospital is removed to Toledo, where C
ncval Bourrnont now Is with his Staff and the Royal guard; r
seems to indicate that the Court will be absent from Bladnd
souse time, though many persons alEnn the contrary.
TIMLITE, MARCH 29.
Letters from Corfu, of the 18th of March, give an import.
piece of news, but which needs confirmation : it la the astrrecdia
' Arta, by a particular convention, to the Greek General, Rozmai
ft is added that the Albanian troops bad joined with the inns,
gnus, who immediately advanced towards Joannina, which the
hlpe likewise soon to bring to a capitulation. When the Gresl
are once masters of these two places, they may consider themselro
as firmly established in Epirsts--Awirsistrg Gosette.
The Official Part of the Minsitesr of Sucday contains only ti •
announcement of changes of the Prefects of loose 9tpartroec••
(some having been raised to the Peerage). The Noo-Olficial Par
contains nothing new.

Ireland is still agitated by those deadly feuds and con .
tests which have been so long the terror and disgrace
that island. But little more than fifty years since, Scot-
land, now so tranquil, was disturbed throughout tL
Highlands by sanguinary and vindictive scenes of the
same descriptiOn. A firm administration of the laws re-
formed its mountain clans, and Scotland has long bean
tranquil; nor have we any doubt that the same results will
follow on the wise and conciliating policy now pursued in
Ireland, and that in a very few years we shall have the
consolation of seeing its entire population contented, in-
dustrious. and peaceable. The work of regeneration is not
to be effected in a day : it is a business of continued and
ceaseless effort, and of time. Ages of misgovernment
have, in a great degree, made that island what it long,
unfortunately, has been. It is now crowded with popula-
tion and poverty, and drenched with bloodshed and crime ;
to undo all the past, and bring about the blessings of
hope and peace for the future, are the avowed inten-
tions of the present Gevernment ; and we cannot doubt
that the well-directed effort must be ultimately suocauful.
It is the settled business of an unworthy few in Ireland to
misrepresent every act of Lord IVellealey's Government,
and to seise on every passing occurrence that can suit
their purposes of calumny. A violent outcry was instantly
raised against the local police, on one foul murder having
been perpetrated in the Queen's County. That atrocity
was visited at the time by our heaviest reprobation; but
outrages of this description have not been confined to the
police alone; if they have committed one or more murders,
the work of deadly retaliation soon emninenead against
them. At the Anises of Cork, en only Tlkuraday
four individuals were arraigned and tried for the unpro-
voked murder of a policeman of the name of Orpen;
whom they butchered in cold blood Dear Kanturk, in
that county. Three of the prisoners were acquitted on
trial ; the fourth, Linehan, was capitally convicted, and
has since been executed. On the evidence given, it
appeared that the only cause of deadly quarrel with the
unfortunate deceased was his being a policeman. Cronin.
the principal witness for the Crown, stated that Linehan
followed the unfortunate Orpen on the road, and urged the
murder, n hispering in his ear, that " there was a police-
man on the road, and to go back and give him a knock."
The witness soon after saw four men strike the policeman
to the earth, and murder him before they quitted. His
evidence was corroborated by a Mr. Nash, who heard the
principal murderer, Linehan, say, " A policman is at Mur-
phy's, of Seart ; let us kill him." Mr. Nash saw the
mangled body of the wretched man on the next morning.
about ten o'clock, when he was going to Kanturk, in con-
pany with his brother, and found him dead near a stream
of water, at the side of the ditch, and some bushes hang-
ing over his body. 'rime fact is horrible, as occurrences of
this description are, both on the part of the police and the
people. They do not, after all, surprise us: we know the
state of Ireland too well to imagine that partial scenes of
this dreadful nature will not occur at intervals, before
settled tranquillity is assured in that country. The police
have been selected with as much discrimination as possible;
but, in so extended a body, some individuals of exceptiou-
able character and habits must, in the nature of things,
have been admitted, and, with arms in their hands, abuse
the important trust committed to them. As a body, they
exercise a most effective check on the lawless pursuits of
the peasantry, and have been most useful ; and a deadly
warfare, in some unhappy instances, has in consequence
sprung up between them, and closed in mutual murders.
We trust, however, that scenes so horrible as those that
now disgrace that fine island will soon pass away—that
the liberal and enlightened policy of Ministers towards
that country will produce different feelings among its
people--that the conciliating measures of the excel!. nt
Nobleman at the head of the Government of that flee
island, will ultimately succeed in restoring universal pellet
throughout the land—and that a few short years will only
peas away, when —e shall see Ireland in every way sn
integral part of this Empire—tranquil, industrious, and
happy ; sharing in the prosperity of Britain, and adding
largely to its resources and power.

Sir James Mackintosh presented a petition from the
London Missionary Society last night, praying for an in-
quiry into the circumstances of the trial of the late John
Smith, the missionary at Demerara, with a view to the
revision and rescindment of his sentence. The Honourable
and Learned G-ntleinan said, be would abstain from any
present observations on the merits of the ease, as an oppor-
tunity would present itself for doing so, when the House
was put in possession of the minutes of evidence on the
trial, now printing. The petitioners he characterized a
worthy and excellent individuals, incapable of practising
deception, or lending themselves to any views but those of
a strictly rtligieus nature. They desired (Sir James
added) to have this unhappy caw considered independeney
of any general question of colonial policy. llr. Wilmot
Hortcn joined the Honourable and Learned Mover of the
petition in deprecating premature discussion ; but he could
net, he added, refrain um stoat% that the petition contained

an extreme:, inaccurate stunt:tit of facts. The Hon.!
Gentleman expressed his full concurrence as to the unim-
peachable charact.i of the petitioners, but doubted whe-
ther they had consulted a sound discretion in the course
they had taken. The petition was subsequently laid on ,
the table of the House and ordered to be printed. We are
not sorpriwil that the Missionary Society should feel
strongly on this occasion ; the only question is, what pos-
sible benefit can attend their present appeal ? if Mr. Smith
was innocent of the serious charges of which he was con-
personal justice no longer can be awarded him ;
be is DOW in h:s distant grave, and has " given his enemies
.the slip far ever." It cannot be expected by the Mission-
ary Society, in the absolve of all these who sat on
the trial, that Parliament will come to any resolution on
ibis more than doubtful subject, or reverse the sentence of
the GourtxMartial who decided on their victim's guilt
without the strongest proofs of its injustice before them. i
Nlr. Smith may have been criminal, or he may not :
is;: arc not now competent to pronounce any opinion
on the subject. Appearances, we must say, were more
than strotv a:ainst him. But Lord Bathurst must
bare had strong doubts on his mind when he advised
-the liberation of the unfortunate Missionary; nor can any
complaints exist against the instant humanity and justice'
That influenced the decision of the Government at home.
Our own opinion at the moment was, that Mr. Smith had
teen at least most indiscreet throughout his whole conduct
with the Nie,,trixs ; but we never imagined lie deliberately
advised or saneticned the insurre:tion. His fate appears to
have been a hard one; and pisjudice, we arc persuaded,
ran high against him in Demerara, during his trial: but
be is now in his gravo4.-

" After life4a4tful fever he sleeps well ;
Nur steel, nor poison—malice domestic ;
Nothing can touch him further."
Where then is the use of calling up his past eventful his-
tery again? fled he lived he would have hem free from all
tae consequences of his conviction ; and a personal appeal
to Parliament, if his innocence was unquestioned, inii,ht
have been made with effect. But eon the Bootie revive.
this more than doubtful case, on the petition of his sorrow-
ing friends of the Missionary Society ? Do the petitioners
mean to say, that the council of offcers who convicted him
were not only prejudiced, but forsworn, and that the teeny
damning facts, solemnly deposed to, of his previous lmon-
lidge of the insurrection, were all false? Would it be corn-
non justice to the respectahle officers who sat on his
Court-martial to pronounce any resolution in this case in
their absence, and without affording them the fullest or-
portunity of explanation and defence ? We cannot find
fault with the zeal of the Missionary Society on this occa-
sion, though we are convinced that if that zeal was tem-
pered by a larger share of prudence, it would be, on all
occasions, mote useful and productive. To prove the
injustice of Mr. Smith's conviction, the whole body of!
evidence recorded against him should be impeached. An
act of mercy on the part of Government at home forms
no proof of his innocence ; though we admit it is strong
presumption that Loid Bathurst and Miniatars eonseived
there were doubts as to the fullness of his }stilt, and
thinking so, gave the unfortutiat: Missionary the entire
benefit of them. (In the whole, we do not see how Par-
liament can entertain this case, e: come to any resolution,
such as the Missionary Society look for, on the petition
now lying from them on the table of the House.

Dr. Phillimore obtained leave last night to bring in a
Bill to place the Roman Catholics of this country, with
respect to their marriages and the registration of their
births, ou the same footing as Quakes and Jews. Tiie
passing such an Act will be one great concession made to i
the rights of conscience. The Catholics, without any very
extraordinary expectations, may look to he treated with the
same liberality that has long been dealt the members of the
Jovish persuasion and the Society of Friends. They hare
at least as fair claims on the feelings and justice of the Le-
gislature at the Unitarians. Inert the sacrament of mar-
riage was first introduced in this country, it was amongst
a Catholic people. In Ireland marriages among the Ca-
tholics by their own clergy are legalised, and so are the
registrations of births. 'lle English Ca holies are fairly
entitled to the muse relief ; and we trust therefore that Dr.
Phillimore's Bill will pass without any oppesition.

Yesterday his Majesty rectived visits from the Duke ofi
York end the Duchess of Woucester.

Yesterday aftt moon, soon after four o'clock. his Royal
Highness the Duke of York, as Commander-it - 'hief,
a levee at his Office in the Horse-gm'.d:, which was at-
tended by between thirty and tOrty Ricers, among whom
were—

Omen] Sir B. Tarlatan. Lieut.-om•eral Sir John Dalrymple,
Major-Generals Nicoley, Baynes. Lord Blantas.. Blunt. Sir C.
Grant, ,Macleod, and Culcrott, Lieut.. General. Gray, Lind Wm.
Russell, Lord A. Hill.

Monday the Duchess of Gloucester and a select party
dined w th the Princess Augusta.
The Princess Augusta received a visit from the I)ucliess
of Gloucester yesterday.
Yesterday the Princes Aligusta honoured Viscountess
Cren:orne with a morning visit, at her Ladyship's house,
Chelsea.

We regret to say the Duke of Gloucester continues in-
disposed.

The Duke of Clarence has recovered from his indispo-
sition.

Yestere.ay Mr. Canning transacted business at the Fo-
reign Office.

A splendid ball and supper will he given by Marquis
Wellesley, at Dublin Castle, cn the 29th it tans, to cele-
brate the birth-day of his Majesty. The announcement of
this fete ends as fellows :—" It is the particular wish of
his Excdlency the Lord-Lieutenant, fur every one to ap-
pear in the manufacture of Ireland."
THE /mit Cocat.—lt required all the mendacity and
impudence of the incendiary press to deny what is so in-
controvertibly Established in our columns—that our exalted
Viceroy has been unremitting in his hospitable attentions
to the nobility and gentry resident in the Irish metropolis.
Scarcely does a publication of our paper go forth to the
world without a list of toms distinguished party enter-
tained at his Excellency's festive hoard. The Notile Mar-
quis keeps up the character of his native land for genuine
hospitality, amid all the toils and ansierics of his adminis-
tration. On Thursday .vening, the sth ins:ant, a splendid
concert was given at the Castle.—Dahlia Patriot.
CHELTLNNAM, APRIL to.—The Duke of Wellington is
expected at Suffolk House on Saturday. Amongst our
late arrivals are—the Marquis of Bute, Lady Clayton,
Lady Kernys, Sir Thttnas Ilesk th, Adniiral Searle;
Colonels Hay, Mahon, and Slicrwe( (I ; Majors Elliott, Ell-
wood, and Savage; Archdeacon Warburton, Dr. Gray -
Rev. Messrs. Daahwood, Gilbert, Master, Slingaby, and
Wall ; Captains Beaty, I hivis, Hunter, Orde, Warburton,
Captain and Mrs. Eyre, Calm in and Mrs. Milks. &c.
Loeb BYTION.—It was stated on Monday afternoon in
the City. upon the authority of a letter from Zante, that
Lord Byron was dangerously ill ; that a vein of the neck
Lad Leen opened ; and that one of his Suliutes had shot the
Allard of Lord Byron, on the refusal of the guard to admit
the Suliote into the presence of his Lordship. We found,
however, yesterday, that a letter had been received from the
particular friend and companion of Lord Byron, which!
puts an end to all fear us to the life of his Lordship. On I
the I ith of February Lord Byron was attacked by a nervous
convulsive tit, the consequence of great excitement, which
was really dangerous while it lasted, but which left no
other erLet than excesi've weaknies. The affair of the
Suliote occurred on the Istti of F .hruary. It was a private!
quarrel between him and an Englishman, in which the,
lane: was shot.

IOREIGX INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.

We received last night, by express, the rarin Journals
of Sunday, from which we extract the fono wing
Front the Conslit,tionnel.
Extract from a pre e letter. dated February 211:
The affairs of the Greeks, which seemed to decay in the island
of Candi A, have or late entirely n cover.d. At the time of the
larding of the Turkish trcops, sent towards the end of last sum-
mer by 3lehemed Ali, Pacha of Egypt, the Greeks, busy with
their agricultural labours, were scattered in different quarters of the
island ; and the Turks, recalling their courage, on the arrival of
rei.ifmutuentasailied from their fortresses, and attacked the Greeks.
The besieging troops of the latter, too weak at that time to keep
the field. retrected in order on the Mounts dphakia, before %hie!:
the enemy halted, not daring to penetrate into them.
From that time the tkeeks were occupied in re-establishing tlizir
communication. and after having succeeded in that object, they
advanced on diferent points. A great number of Turks, who
hoped to avail themselves of thew ithdrawieg of the enemy to w-
mune the labours of the fields, and cars billy to gather the olives,
were made prisoners, to the number of 2,000 men. The Turkish
troops were in thAr turn beaten, pursued, and shut up again
within their walls, where the plague has already begun afresh
to rage.
This is the second expedition of Egyptian troops which has failed
in Candia. Will lichened Ali Pacha be disposed, or rather will
he be able, to undertake a third expedition ? Captains of vessels.
and other travellers who dime from Alexandria, speak n great deal
of the troops of the Pacha; but the tact is, that his real forces are
' tar from what they arc represented to be by some foreigners, who
arc always fond of iniermiling something marvellous with the
concerns of the East. A single fact will eutfite to prove it. In the
war against the l'ababien his neighbours, durirg which he dill-
' played all his resources, !lichened Ali could rot raise more than
6,11011 torn, and notwithstanding the reinforcements which he has
! sent in doe course of tl.is war, his army has never exceeded that
number. The principal obstacle which prevents this Paella from
keeping a numerous army, is the necessity in which he is, since
' the destine ;o3 of the Maiiielu'aes, of remitting abroad. and cope-
' dally in Albania, whence he has always drawn his best troops.
But as the Albanians have at prescr.t enough to do at home, the
Puha of Egypt can hardly succeed in lemming amongst them.
BERLIN, MARCH 39.
Agreeably to on advertisement of the Presitieot, Lie Behan,
at
.Darsteitk, the election of the Deputies ter the kingdom of Prussia
is about to take place. Western Prussia will return fifteen depu-
ties of the that clam, thirteen of the second, and seven of the third.
Eastern Prussia will return eighteen deputies of the first class,
and Lithuania twelve. There will be fifteen deputies of the second
class for Eastern Prussia and Lithuania, and as many. of the third
elate ; sine of which are for Eastern Pruseda, and six for Litho-
. anis'. Upon the whole, there will be seventy-eight Electoral Col-
, leges, who are to elect ninety-five deputies.
LFrom the Cvneri.r FeJncaisi

BPRNE, APRIL 1.
There is no record In the memory or man of such a fall of snow
in Switzerland as during this year. Travellers are often detained
during several days, by the masses which encumber the valleys.
The stage-coach which runs front Coire to Hallirzona was burtid
on the IZith March, on the Bernardino, with passengers, guides,
sad horses, by the tall of an enormous quantity of snow from the
mountain. M. the baillif of Schenanli de Hovered°, and a guide,
have perished. The other passengers have been recalled to Lfe.
