. . .
tabitdged froni Ibe Boit le* Aiirestisei, iejileieller it.

On Monday last (33d ult.) Mr. Hume paid bet
promised visit to this town. After viewing the Pier
111 company with Mr. Mayor, he prneeederria the
Guild. Which was numerously attended by the Buil-
grist,. Immediately after the barges* oath was
adiniutstered to him, the doors of the Goildhall
were thrown over. and every vacant calmer was in-
Staidly filled by the other inhatritanti.
Mr. Wig returned hii mom grateful thanks to
the burgesses for the honour they liSd done him it,
electing him a member of this ancient mid resorda-
ble Corporation. not So much on aecuttot of the
mark of respect to himself (which he yet prised room
highly ). but because it showed that the inajurity
approved of the line of conduct which he baA
thought it his duty to pursue in Parliament. Ific
efforts in Parliament had hero directed to prevent
that profuse expenditure of the pittlie Money,
which affmcied to the Ministers of the Crown such
extensive and improper influence user the House of
~Commons; and if that House world but cut off
the source of the supplies fur this extravagance.
the cense of Reform would be most efkleinslly
leased. " With respect to the public iervants of
rthe Omintry." said he. 44 and if there be any suds
tin this imaemb!y,. I beg them to hear me—l wish
every efficient officer in.be paid--to be fully arid
liberally remunerated ; but here I declare eternal
war, as. far as my efforts cwi go. against every oar-
less office, and every uunseettell pension." Seel,
public testimonies as that he /tad received from this
Corporation were highly sacral, inasmach as they
strengthened his hands by adding the authority of
the pedple's toice to his own exertions. The best
return he could make them would be to continue
the same course of 'public conduct which had pro-
cured him this honour ; and he would be at all
times happy to afford his best exertions to extend
the privileges of the Corpoitition, oe to promote
the welfare of its members individually.
THE DINNER.
At five o'clock a company of 78 sat down to a
most sumptuous dinner in the Assembly Room :
the Mayor in the Chair, with Mr. Hume oa his
right; Colonel Ord, of Longridge. and John Grey,
Rog. of Millfield Hill, Vice-President..
After the cloth was removed, the following towns
were given from the Chair t—
" The Kin," wins roar times four. Tane—u God save
the King."
" The Royal Family." Tone--" Fy ! let the
bridat."
Hovels of Breamitlek, and may they sever forget.
use soiree Illiolmars to forget, the primitive which placed
the Family ea the Throat." Tame-" Haute of Oak.".
The MATelt, in an appropriate speech, in which
he pointed out Mr. Ha're's successful efforts in
producing a reduction of taxation, after Ministers
hail asserted that no further reduction could take
place, proposed " The health of Mr. Hume." with
three times three. Tune—" A man's a man for a'
that."
Mr. Hums rose•-• There had, indeed, been greet
redaction made in the public taxation. as the
worthy Chairman had stated. but it was too much
to say that it was owing to the resinous of one
humble individual. He therefore felt that the ho-
nour jest paid to hits was too greet. The retitle-
lion was the result of the combined exertions of a.
small band, not more than forty is number, but
composed of men as respectable for their indepen-
dence and istelligeoce as any who ever rat in the
House of Commons. When atttrupts were made
to put him (Mr. Hume) down, by all those means
of annoyance which Mioistees possessed, by their
:power of influencing a majority in the Home of
Commons, that hand had supported him in the meet
efficieut manner. No man who attended to the state
lof the country could fail to see that the evils under
which it laboured arose priocipally from over tax-
!
lotion and a wasteful expenditure of the public money.
(He had tried to expose, through the House of
:Commous, to the nation the mode in which it was
'wasted. It was in vain to expect any good to ante
:from merely addressing the House of Commons;
it was in vain to expect to prodnce any effect Glum
ithem. He might convince them, night after night,
;but without changing a single vote. The only use
;of the statements he had made in the Hogue iron
Itheir effect upon the public, and through them
upon the Ministry.—(Cheers.)—The House of
Commons had (Alen into this stare within the hut
thirty ur forty years, from the influence affodefi ea
Ministers by the enormous expenditure ; and them-
fore the most effectual and beneficial mode of re-
forming the House was to cutoff the supplies w tneti
created this undue iufiuence.—(Cheers.)—Still,
lookiug at the House of Commons in its preseitt
state, he did not uniicipate any great results. He
had and lie had no great opinion of the Howe, and
he did not expect from it much considerution fur
the commuusty at large. We could look to a tree
fur only its natural fruit : we could not expect to
find grapes on thorns, nor ruses on thistles.—
He could not expect much to be done while
-the people continued to tend men to Parliament
who had no proper motives for going there. and ou
habits of apolicatiou—eadets of noble laindits. and
men of fortune, who sooght the station merely as
a point of honour. The country frrqueotly cum.
plained of the House, but this wits quite unreason-
able, so long as it sent such men there. lu tiuth,
not one eighth or one tenth ever seriously thought
about the business of the House. This was a great
evil. If it could be hut put a stop to—it the
House would but do its duty—try to husband our
resources...it:mums great beyond those of any
other nation—if these were but properly regulated
and conducted, every one would enjoy that pro-
sperity. which in a nation. and under a constitution
like ours, every one had a right to expect.--
(Cheers.)—But before we could look for this, the
House of Commons must be properly filled, and
those who had the power of settchog Members to
Parliament must be actuated by right motives its
their choice ; there mast be a reform in the electors
before there could be a reform in the elected.
Though on many subjects cotinected with reform
he had not taken any active part in debate, he had
never been absent on a thripiou ; his exertions had. •
been chiefly directed te expose the wauton mud un.;
necessary extravagano# of Ministers, and to reduce
every item of expanse; well kuawiag that every
pound expended west to increase the infitienee' of
the Crown. Whoever would hope to do good
the House at proent, must try to reduce this.

\

;rzi
~~

0

i

‘

~~~

f U

I 1

,)

Ittowe of initie ace. El. hid nerd the eepreesion,
s' the foliar-ore of the Crown," hot be ought to
liner irsaf, 54 /We of the - The
i.iiieencir of. the Crown was hale filt•
l'i/lllP,Amtleitifeel the tug. Mantel f. 'Pity lot d
nits he cuold sot 00 this, unit he 'mitt art
shis-silval forl!to fret he • had no more 'pliiMt
in aseelaing ',vets his owe *him fitly
one Won presto,. It was notorious int the
sun :ato'xioon, • that very lately • Nlember of
NeCifortiet had been famed anon hint in direct
cilooemoilietton to his OOP feelings end pred.leetions,
whether chow 'feelings awl predilection*
wire right or wrong.—(l,iiiril sheets.)—The pa.
ItowoLie Of the Crew,. was ell troth the fr4trellege
41.,Asttisletr; and by this mearrs they attached to.
Theitsolves 00°4 life•siol•forruise taro who were the
bilit al this cooritre.-.1L0u4 elitem.)
',trod r to elstrimrt their oxen influence. exerted
ISeiriselves to beep op system, which had
howipit upon the coointry a load of debt mud taxa-
*inn which cash not hear.--ICheerv.).—No twit.
virtual who looked it the titer of the nation, bat
ukttsgtee that the system ought to be chasms&
It veideli.ly tending to make the Chiveriiment
cif shoe Esittotty a military nor. The fondue,*
ollevaktffir a military rstabli-linient was :Inceigit to
obi ltionOirs of oar Coi.stitusion, by which the Co.
veeriesent was intrinsically civil. But now every
Walt nldeavourvvl to be stone by the iiitroduc-
tinniif military on all those Decisions when the,civit
itaitir.lifine ought to be employed..-(Clierring.)-.
Irtiegfaioesitet incident itv'thii estatithhmeot added
moth volhe infl.ience of .ellk :Illinistry, by success-
ine their notolowagica 'll4e theiefore, endear,
v..used thew tharifttfattioittitin of our present
tioopsoere unneertleary.3.inid ought to Ire reduced ;
lir it was surely be.telltioconciliate the people, and
try To increase thrir"i4Rdbrtv, than to keep thews
by a large Oddity establishment. Ile had
tried not only to rectlice the number, but alto to
leflfb the exiwniet of nut .tray.—(Cheers )—lf the
conrriry would not look to.ibetritem of the regent
Itionirry,•anil joist in opposing it—if the landed in-
terest would go on in ttlbwiug Illinistets to enact
laws direct lylaretile to freedom and the liberty of
the press-.if they auuld not crin,id•r the slate in
whirl) ttli/ Wert likely to be plowed, slid would
stiffer staiekidwyry to be burdened by keeping up
noel's" phicei,i HOd paying VIDOTMOUS selaries—they
40 no fight t• COMpi4BI, or COpect relief.—
(Cheers )-111e woold not say that 10,000,04191. we
910.900,0001. was the exict sum whiCh the-establish-
ruenti of she country ought to cost. Evert slphfug
wfilefi could not be shown to be necessity ought to
be sired,.7.(Chrtert.)--. It sat: unnecessaly for him.
ti.eribirge any further on these different subjects its,
lloovoinpinay,-ailora were sb well reqesiosted with
theta. lie.claisted so merit ; he had only meted•
an honest slid ihdriomdent port. wittiest seek-.
lig egghionlivement ;. and -it was this
afune.wlocli hid esiablerl to take the position
far now accuitie4 io the pitiblie rye.—(ebeera.)--
If %Plot —ll.ove who posorseed an inistr.nse
laioded ionevesi inlthe ktitillwai—greater by ter thee
the opposite .nie,ttitiithl boast eft sod Itherefore lied
so Bred a snake in the country, would but mend
littered, soul my to what strut they would go in
reform-1.0 metier how little—if they would but
say what t•lneogra tio-y woold wiske—whist reduc-
e they %%wort agree if they aoul4l hut
pledge Ilient.e/vea to a.otivtliittg, basked at they were
by public opiiiimo, ilwy would carry with then, a
fryer, spiart which no ...et of Well, much lees the
terse's, weak mod llsoistry, could main-
thin their places for a single &I. poirsoing a system
I.tistife to the public iiiterrots.•—(Loved cheers.)
Ile hoped to wee the dee when the Whigs and the
10.4/1 tattlea wool.; tilatfeliettale, mod act aim holiest'
Isar,, lid *hew tie MIMI). 'that they had potshot
rinds iy ties., and um relf•u/grandiarusent. We
might the., expect so Muslin au efficient refotui, to
bee the people happy and comfortable, sod our
',nay, army, Slid civil esitiblishments reduced to a
proper wale. But before we could expect so
flourish, ur the landed interest to obtain relief,
there must be a reform its our church establishment
olio. Those oho du little and receive Much must be
called to a severe reckoning. It was impossible not
to observe the vast difference between the clergy
of England• and Ireland, sued those of Scotland.
where no our was paid who did not do duty;
where the ministers promoted morality and religion
by their example se well at instruction—and where
them mister of each parish was the father of his
flock. Some might consider this was s subject nut
fit to be introduced in • convivial meeting; but he
begged to remind them, that it was politics alone
which bud introduced his to their notice, and
therefore he aright be permitted to allude to this
tills/wheat branch of see establisliments.—(Cheers
Uswormecied its he was with purty, and unsupported
lay handy indueoce, lie feared tie boil little chance
of ben* lawful in the it'll,* of Commun.. will,
Ihree-loarilis of its Illreibres against Illus. Ile telt
tb4t seething but us steady end honest line of conduct
Vaned email', him to bald up boo head.—(Clieera.)—
Ile was glad to NMI she Speaker tell the kiog,
at 410 cline of thy lest Snows. fist the lieltse
01 Csirsomwesa had found thol • the slily *Wail of
'treeing the distresses of the airrieult•tal
Street war by reducing tsestion ; although this
illaeiriire had Weis all along denied ii•ring
ilw'poogress of the same Sewiron.—(Clorers.)-
061fose each relief could be 'Winded iiiinierhate
reductions mast he made in all our establishments,
tom Um Civil Let doweisieds...fot with that hr
winold beim, so he always airfoil those who received
iselKgest abig a up. aiihout tendering any effir
ikeirt service, should he the fi at to suffer, 'lt was
it Orroolthe tu luck at the retretschinent• (is they
wave celled) which hurl been made. A number of
vine latincitesa wad clear, who had really been toe.
tel, load been turned oft, while nos one of the Cu*.
usiinimiers of any of the Public Bands, with their
salaries, hod been touched. The Illsmossrable
Grertfleamiti ceueluded by tab.... Jilting the etwastetsy lee
thelseestur dune him, end set dowu amidst lead cod
I•iipeootiliord
"Illte Navy awl Away • Tswie-5 1.1. Britawaia."
" issiliVessietoe mad Ste Egoikee• Istahe, ere ind.re.leog
Repniessierneel is rashawesi." Thai Wed wan tirsuk with
anise Weep skive. Turf—. We bad hi. aye Lime back
•1 aft?

rear. On behalf of the Noble and
bore h►ulthv had barn itiot given
Mistimes of rotten,, be beloved to
;ratefol thrniks. On the lea►t of
r. 113 portrcolar. hr was eonsaahr-
INSIaCIIIC relict st nit hiving it

in his power to join with hi. neighbours Ind cone
*tiepins:every mark of revert to Mr.
flume, whose mea.eirrs lee had invariably sup-
ported. ewi who, as lee (Sir .Fraficia Blake) dr.
Oared in his place. iertbs " Jove more
good to the country that, all the NI ',otiose?, of the
Crown had effected ever sitior they held their anus-
tions."--(Cheereil— 1/C might have added. than any
other set of met, dist have administered dirt affairs
sf this 041011 for heir a century po.l.—(Cheers.)..
Mr. Home hod truly said, that It,. aostree of all our
thanes. wee, the wanton expenditure of the public
money. There was one brunch of this expesiditore
which he would take the liberty of reaateitiog upon,
because he thought that by further Istaanhoo to it
some .lanai glaring 0h0... might be esemeterl-4e
meant the mode adopted by the Trenihrf hi Omit-
ing pensions to offieem who chow N retire, or were
displaced by tethers.. This is a clam of cases which
he would again recommend to Mr. names ellen.
tiou. We were told last Session that curreiption
was' ReCelnify to 'rally an the (itiFeellllllellt of this
country. It win openly avowed, and a .dictrivie.
which.weniblierreut to oar hires of the 1.:p05.610-
limo was promulgated .114 pmost of the Croon.
For his port he was afitsehei ed. it; he denied it ;
the Constitation denied n•—"iron fo/i swzilie nee
• •
defeasoribn s tabs."
flung rose...LIU
.iiiiinsequiesce Of whit tell
from their nuttily •Vice-P.Mideut, Colonel Oni,'
an a subject which he seemed to %kiosk had hewn
neglected, he begged to state that it as. one of the
first to which hr ( tyre Ilunicy hod tattled his inten-
tion. In 1820 he hied made direr or four motions
out that subject. *lien Mr. Vasisittart rod Lord
Castlereagh both acknowledged that shier had been
great abuse in this department. winch haul »risen
from on Act of 50th George 111. enabling officers
to retire on ferill.ll.oliN. At die time the Rill passed,
the amount of slloaalices to retired officers of the
' customs oas only 7.8001.; hut in Itiio they amount-
ed to no less a sum than 9011001. (Cries of
"Hear.")—This increase had somehow)t because the
person. who retired • ere unlit G.r tes vice, hut because
the Ministers wished to provide for otter's, ley putting
them in their places. Ile would just mentime a co-ti oe
two of this description; bat tiefore doing so, he stated •
be did not mean that evriy Case was as hod, but it'
was Waal to yoke tier strongest uase,and so produce
the greatest effect without loss of time. Ile would
take that of Sir Nottingham Graham, who retired
from so office as natty, with s IWII.10II; lee sees moo
after appointed to soother office, awl tier year after
retired; he was appo Wert to soutior, sort the year
after retired agaiii—lA iii 1818. Le
actually received retard ielloesaoces for hour officer,
fosevery one of wields in succession lie had been
deodased onfit.—( Muir et Imo gluing.) —I le would:
obi mention a case, leap. eying wind', trims, lie
'Matted it iu the (louse, Mr. Croker droirel
leis ac-
caracy, until he produced the wort, Gain winds
he made his stenemesst under Mr. Croker's own
losod.—(Muils laughterr)— It was thin of Mr.
liaison; he had two pen.ioris, besides 600/, a vela
as Paymoster of Marion', 6001. a year as Commis-
sioner of Stamps. soother odic. eal 4001.. mud an.
whey (we could not hest the esnte) ul .
could assure Colonel Orel is.. lad slot oveduokod
Ow subject, and Gover ttttt root butt brought in o ltshl
which would prevent sorb Opuses in fissure. Sr-
' coral offices. who had app!ied for lessor to retire in
the course of the last j ICON hued out been snowed.
because, said the Ministry, " if we do, Mr. Hume
well be at us."—(Lueighter and etirerseeg.)
" Mr. ernegbam, sad the Other osolepond as Members,/
ii. Howse of COINISION, 111/ 160 MP ably syrrested Mr. Haase;"
Trots—. Tyrolese maga hbergy."
" May all the Reresestasives of the Pe.ep'e resters) their
pledgee lo their Cospatitorats with as were+ losh.oar to thews.
, soiree sod bortelli Is she esossalry as Mr. theme." Toone—
•• Ikiteae, shrike home."

.Colonel ORD lortalmsed
u Mr. Brawn mad the close of laorligy." Toile—
" Beggar girl."
Mr. HUME returned thinks for Mr. Bennett. Ile
had been desired by Ins lloo.Flieugl Mr. Bennett to
say—and regretted to have to state it—dint 011 ac-
count of Mrs. Bennett'. ill Itralth. it ww. 1101 to his
power to attend the Ile (Alr. I lumr)
hat-
ticularly regretted Mr. Bennet.% almence. .hiecaure
there was not a Member ul the [boor of Co
from whom he had received oo units mipport ; tor
besides his attention to prison diaripllne and oilier
matters which were its pecobar rare, hr ear sieter
absent from any division on me subject of rvirrtit h.
! ppleu.e.)
_ . . . .

" Lord Er'siise and Ttial by Jery." 'rum. J.,bu Aa.
derma, any jos."
" The Members for Northeasbrilsod."
Mr. GREY proposed—

" TSe health of ttr. Lambton, and ray there never waist
an heir of the Hoare of I Balboni h. support the oudepeo.
&nee of the county of Dorhan.."—(Hearty ehe. cr.)
Test—" %Teel nay the k.el raw."
Colonel ORD proitowetl--
" The Duke of Haiwiltaia—at rviee within,t servility, re.
avert without messuit.s," with three timed three.
Tune—. Dings u'
Mr. NiclioLOS proposed-.
'* The hroih of the Mayer, and thank. to him for his con-
dor., in the chair," with three meow three.
Tuise—" to to Persick, Julians."
Ms. MaYort returned !haulm Hr expressed the
pleasure lie felt in briog head cf that Corporal.
which had beeu the first to appreetate the itiVICVS
of Mr. Hume. Ile begged to putpust—
.4 The health of the Now-hereaeo and Geodrinen fora the
cottony present," with. due, hoes three.
Mr. GREY. of Maltlield. rose and said—Permit
me, Gentlemen, to thank you for the honour uu
hive done to my neighbours and myself. by the
manner in which you hate drink she toast propoard
by your Chairman; and perrott me to thank you
individually, fur allowing we, who ass slut a free-
man of Berwick, to be • partaker of the enjo)-.
went of this; ussorting, anti to mingle my humble tri-
bute of thanks with yours to the Host. Gentleman,
Mr. Hume, fOr the signal 'emcee be hits rendered
to but country in Parliament. His truly are W..
%ICeS of Ito ordinary character, and &mire no or-
dinary share of our gratitude. I hold it to be Pro
very difficult task fur a Member to rise iu his place
its Purlionerit and declaim generally about the pres-
sure of taxation, the rutriisitgauce of impulicy Lf
the measures of the Ministry. or the corruptions of
their oust honourable Hauer.—(A lough.)—But
fur a man to wade th;ough all the complieuted de-
tail .of fiustici•l operations, detectitig errors and
suggesting irnuroternents, and to devote with un-
remitted labour his days and his nights to the
work, testifies a persterrence Dud !Patriotism that
can origivate to no mend motive, mul are de-

serving of no light CAMMendation. Ili? Hon.
Gentle no's parlwunentary ectudirct has ittforthyd ari
extraordinary ritaiiinle of zeal and lability in the di.-
charge of the sacred trust that his constituents have
..rimmitted to hi. care; far if we examiiii it from
the first day or his entering Parliament, we shall
find that whensver a saving •of the public money
wits to be effected, whenever injury was to be re.
ihtered, corruption oirmasked, or the rights of
the people to lie defended. there was lie constant.
It hie poet., ,This concert, as was to be expects
brought down upon the Honourable Gentle‘
man the homey displeasure of his Majesty's Mi.
miters; .but we have seen how futile their at-
tcmpts ware to overturn the facts which he had
establiebe4. We have wen, fur instance, Mr. Se-
cretin, Cruiser come down to the House Hi all the
4.nomp . and. eircamstarice of official importance,
with all hits forces marshalled. with every "mown'
!IC Iris wit rioted, sod with aY the artillery of his
,wire drawn out in hostile array. to deruslish the
ed.tict which '.the lino. Gent4/osio had erected ;
lost the result proud •that •that .edifice was not
placed on a sandy foundation, bit that it stood on
the irrfollilile basis of teeth. and the weapon which
Min. Secretary bad pointed with so much care,
rad aimed with such faritied dexterity, fell harm-
less to the ground—fell (if 1 may be allowed a
classical el(itsion) lilt the loiteriiig javelin thrown
by,the feeble atm of sirti Priam against the lieu-
lorti-tetiojud shield of L'crrhus--

M Thum imballe, ante kir."
Mr. Grey, after expatiating on the slavery and
ssdrerieds of the dreekii. concluder! by innposing
" The ramie of freedom auk of Greece."

Colonel ORD prop...ed
" The comber of true B h feeling and the health of Mr.
Grey."
Mr. GREY thanked the Gentlemen for the honour
they had dune him, and his friend, Colonel Ord.
Colonel QUID gave
Frw,t•tatuts and moot otooey to pay thee wit►."

Mr. W. Itiarm.r. avve -
"The health of Cohost! Ord"—with three limes three.
laddot•."
Colonel Colt seamed thanks is a very neat
rpe•cli.

Mr, Pssura, after an eloquent address, pro-
Pined with three times three—
irfilie 129 Freemen who voted Mr. Hume the
ftgliklnaf Of the Itorongh.:'
Voiotia ORD returned thanks, and gave—
-I,' Speedy Reform to the Custom Home 110.1 Excise Offi•
errs, oh.. were the only person,. who opposed the motion."
—(Laughter )
"The Liberty of the "few, without it. liemitiouseem."
Tune—Homily null Fairly."
" The Burgle. who had the food sense and good fortune to
return Mr. Hume to Parliarseat." Tune—" Auld Lang
Civil sad Religious Liberty all over the world." Tune
—"
Blue Bonnets o'er the herder."
Mr Gantt—" Mr. Mayor, I despair of seeing
this country prosperous„ or its people happy and
flee, without a reform in Parliament, l therefore
propn.e—.

" A full and fair representation of the people in the British
!Lithe of Ciiinisons."—(Great applause.)-Tuar—" Kick
Ilia rogues out."
Mr. GwElr—" I he to propose the health of a
Nobleman who is not more distinguished for the
brilliancy and consistency of his public conduct.
than for the exercise of all that is amiable end
attractive in private hr.__ •
" Cast Grey."—(Dranit walk great applassael—Teae--
. Charlie is Noy &iliac:"
S • usher Fatriosic and convivial tosses were
drunk. •

Mr. Home left the company a little after ten
o'clock. The inertitig wee as highly resp►ctable as
ail that ewer assembled in this mien. The whole
bissioeiw was conducted wits► the greatest spirit. and
With unisiterrupied harmony. &writ gentlemen
110 11411 Wien tickets writ. prrvvitieti from attend-
ing. Some persons who wimited 1• be prevent were
hilideteil. SOS we base heard, by threats from the
tinnily of " things as they are."

lArlo•Irl Otto rot
Meuelderb 1.11
Mlllll
rrturti Ms very to
ht • Sir enacts lildkr,
mulled t. ripres• II
it 1/4
•
•
•
