UNION-HALL.

Saturday the accused 11113 brought before the 3lagistrates, L. B.
Allen, D. King. and M. Swabey, Esqs., for final examination.
Lucy Dixon sworn.—l am day-nurse in the accident ward at
Guy's Hospital ; I remember Mr. Gregory being brought there on
the 21 of May ; I heard that lie had been stabbed by his eldest
son ; but he never told me the cause of the wound from fint to last ;
when I asked him how he did, he shook his head, but made no
answer ; he never expressed to me his apprehension that be should
not mom.

Ann Constable sworn.-1 am nightmurse of the accident-ward
at Guy's Hospital. I attended the deceased at night, during the
time he was in the Hospital. On the fourth day after he entered,
in the course of the morning, he told me that he had been ruptured
for 33 years. Ile raised himself up in bed, and said, "It will
go greatly in the boy's favour that he did not take up the knife,
intending at the time to raise it against me." I replied, " Good
Heaven ! that all this should have taken place about a bit of bread
and butter."

....
Mr. LEE x—Did you mention this observation of the deceased's
to any one ?
iVitness--Ves, to Mrs. Dixon, the day-nurse.
Mr. ALLEN—Did Mr. Gregory ever express to you that he was
in extreme danger ?
Witness—lie never did.
Mr. A rt.r.x—Was he sensible to the time of his death ?
Witness--Yes, Sir, to the last, and said nothing more than I
have stated.

lklr. 'Rowley, the master of ths prisoner. said he called to see
the deceased when he lay ill in the hospital ; on asking him how he
did, lie cod that he had had a bad night, and wished to see his
boys, W illiain and John; for if he had such another night, he was
leorful he should not be able to speak to then. The deceased also
I did nut feel that I had received a wound till some time
afterwards, and I discovered it by lowing the use of my left side
and leg. I an sure poor GeorFe is in much trouble, and if
I recover, I hope and trust he will make amends fur what he has
done."

Mr. ALI. E w—l understand that it is not uncommon fur a person
receiving a flesh wound and a blow at the same time, to be uncon.
'dais of the injury till some time afters anis.
Mr. Alirrin, the surgeon of the Hospital, said it was not an un-
counnon circumstance.

111 r. A 1. I.F.N paid, that he remembered that an attempt was made
to assassinate the late Captain Paget, when at Constantinople, by a
men who struck it him with a large-bladed knife ; the Captain put
out his arm to save his body ; and the assassin, after giving hint a
violent blow, ran off. The Captain's arm was slightly wounded,
and he thought that that was the extent of the injury, hut soon after-
wards he discovered blood streaming from a wound which had been
inflicted on his breast near his heart, and he lay in a dangerous state
for weeks.

Mr. Nest, a neighbour of the deceased. said, that he called upon
the unfortunate man when he waa in the Hospital, aid said that the
inflammation in his thigh was going on, and his son Beorge had a
great deal to he entry fur ; but he was very glad Mr. Bosley had
pronthed to keep George in his employment. The impression
witness had was, that the deceased believed he would not survive.

Williani ffret;nry was again examined, tOrii7epur;iose--.WieX-
plaining apart of his former evidence. lie had sworn that the knife
which inflicted the wound was not bloody when he saw it lying on
the Wile after tile accident ; and the witness Mark% had sworn that
when he entered the house the knife blade was bloody. The ex.
planation the witness now gave of this apparent contradiction was
this :—" that his sister Jane had wiped the knife soon after dlr.
Marks entered the house, and, therefore, when be saw it the blade
was clean."

Ales. Dixon, the day-nurse, was again examined; and she said
!hat she remembered .Ann l'onstable informing her of the dereaaed
haring stated to illT ** that it would go in the buy's favour that he
did not lift the knife fur the purpose of stabbing hint."
. . .

The whole evidence being real over, the o-fficer% of the parish
were bound over to prefer a bill of indictment against the prisoner,
for the wilful murder of John tiregory his father, at the neat Sur.
rry Assizes. and the witnesses were held in recognizance% to appear
and give evidence on the trial.
3lr. that it' the frietwis of the prisoner thought
proper, under all the cireams.ances of this lamentable case, to ap-
ply to a Judge to hail the prisoner till the .1-sires, he would take
rare copies of the depositions should be got read!, for the purpose.
It was stated that the wile of the deceased had a large family to
support by her own exertions, and that she had tag funds to enable
her to obtain legal assistance.
The prisoner was then committed fur trial.

The Livetivgd Mercnry notices the arrival at that port
of General Devereux, in the ship Ah minder, Bald-
win, in 26 dabs from Philadelphia. The General has been
nominated Ambassador from Colombia to the Courts of
Russia, Denmark, and Sweden; but does not intend to
visit these Courts in his diplomatic capacity, until they
have acknowl«lged the independence of the Republic which
he represents.
Air. Thornton, an English merchant, of Batavia, who
had been taken in October last by the pirates who infest
the Java seas, was not released when the Windsor passed
the Straits of Sunda. They stripped and dressed him in
their own fashion. and placed him, as they term it, in tad
slavery, althote;ll the high ransom they demanded was be-
yond ail reasowthle proprkty. It was expected hr would
bc r:Rtored to I.lq frierfis hy the interevssion 41' the Dutch
t:overnala lit at Batavia, the English at Siocaporc, and tl:c
Malay Govcrunit

Tin. Vicar, anti Clerk in Orderr, and the patrons of the
parish church it I.veits have Ti form a into t'.te country,
idler riviog their consent before the House of Lords to th:•
Tit lie Colihnutaticl 11:1:. We understand tlitt the
Archliishop of Canterbury Ilia not inn ely must nt to this
as a solitary measure. hut that he took the opportunity to
e::pr,ss his cordial approval of the principle of the Bill.
Cite commit of all the parties interested being now ob-
tained, no impediment is anticipated, milt ss an oppos;tion
should aria• in a crrtaiu quarter, on the store of that much
dreaded phantom mho! innovation—Leeds ::/e/ cur:,

' FROM SATURDAY NIGHTS GAZETTE.
Foreignalfficr, May 22, 1822.
The King has been pleased to appoint Edeard Michael Ward,
Esq. to he Secretary to his :11aiiesty's Extraordinary Embassy at
the Court of his Majesty the Emperor of all the Rutudas.
