I►BW CHURCHES,

The Earl of LIVORICOL,in Inovingihe second reading of
the New Churches Building Bill, stated, that he thought it neces-
sary to say only a few words no the subject. Their Lordships were
aware, by the reports that bad been made, what had been acitini.
'dished by the former grant for the building of churches. The
wants of the country in this respect were still so great that an addi.
than to the number was necessary, in those parishes particularly
where there was not room for more than one fourth of the popula.
tion of them to attend divine service in the existing churches. Ile
proposed a further gaunt of 500.8001. upon the same footing, and
under the same regulations, is the last, with liberty to those per.
sons who subscribed two thirds towards the building of any churviies
to have the appointment of the clesgyman under the sanction of the
diocesan.

Lord KING observed, that if a good imeoebee were to be ',-
pointed to every new church, there would be
.plenty of churches
built by individuals; but the clergy had the pnnetpal management
in the appointment of ministers to these churches, and every one
was anmuus to have a worse preacher selected than himself. This
sum would go towards the general relief of taxation if it were not
so applied.
The Bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be com-
mitted to-morrow.

The Bankrupt Laws Amendment Bill au read a third time and
passed.
EQUITABLE LOAN BILL.
The Earl of ROb.sb'VN presented a petition from the Inhabitants
of hellion-hill, and its neighbourhood, to favour of the Equitable
Loan Bill.

Lord SUFI' ELI) presented a similar petition front the tailors of
ondoo and Westminster, which occupied ten yards and a quarter
parchment. (A 1aup43.1
The petitions were both laid oo the table.

CORPORATION AND TEST ACTS.
Lord HOLLAND said, that he livid in his hand a petition, the
Iportanc.e of the prayer of 'bite, and the respectability of the
eutioners, demanded their Lordships serious consideration. He
should consider it the pride of his life, either by preen dng the
petition, or founding a motion upon it, to forward the object of the
petitioners, which was for the repeal of the Test and oCrpoation
Arts, from the three denominations of Protestants. The petition
was read by the Clerk, and laid on the table.
MESSAGE FROM TILE COMMONS.
Sir Robert Williams, and others, from the Commons, brought
up animal private Bills.
The Slave Trade Consolidation Laws, the Masters and Work-
men, and Combination Laws Bilk. wens committed and repotted.
. CRUELTY TO ANIMALS BILL.

On the second reading of Xiiirrals Bill being'
MO T
Loa:J CALTHORPE itbserred, that ha thought no Npble Lear
411111111 eijaaloiesaleiHreseaawiteetelparytoae wens veNra eautose
cruelty
The EartiVitlittN objected to legislation in these matters :
no one mad eat his horse's tail off or mark his cattle, without
' being taliinned to the enactments of this Bill. He took blame to
himself lee not luring resisted the Bill introduced two years ago on
this subject, which this measure was intended to amend. He
moved that it be read a second time that day three months.
Lord SUFFIELD should think the Bill a dangerous one, if the
acts of cruelty it went so check were not to be decided by a jury ; as
it was he approved of it.
The amendment was then agreed to, and the Bill of course
thrown out for this Session.
The other Bills before the House were forwarded in their Teepee-
:

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Tunitrnae, June 17.
The Speaker took the Chair at a quartir before four o'clock, and
immediately proceeded to the House of Lords, to hear the Royal
Assent given by Commission to several Dills (ter which see
Lords' Report.)
PROTESTANT DISSENTERS.
Mr. W. SMITH presented a petition from the Protestant Dia-
seniers in the metropolis and vicinity, signed by. sat ten than.
sand persons, praying that the civil disgust' lender which
they labour might be repealed. The lion. Oentiernan said, cwt
the petitioners were of almost all creeds, many of them a
with the Church of England, and many differing from it its sari
wide degree, but they were all agreed on one point—the lesempleintaf
the present petition. There is a great difference between and
the Roman Catholic', the one acknowledging a superior ponce of
control over them, while the other acknowledge no such thing. He
would prefer treating the petition on broad grounds ; but the two
people differed so materially, that it would not be necessary 0
listen to the oar, though the other were attendtd to. It was not his
intention at preseut to found any motion op the petition he had to
present.
Me. ROBERTSON complained that, in the House, the Dis-
senters, whatever side they took, carried a considerable weight with
them. He should oppose making then, any conceraions.
Mr. SMITH said, that the Honourable Gentleman bad mia-
taken the fart.
The petition was laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
CHURCH OF LONDONDERRY.
Slr 0. HULL presented a petition from Londonderry, relating to
the Derry Cubed:id. The Honourable Gentleman said, that for
the sake of the Dean and Chapter, he was anxious for an Myatt-
pacts into the subject.
Alderman WOOD said, that he had hoped this subject would
swain agitated. He had received a petition rehab-

not have bees again &ghat,- _le a , ...cadre
to it which be had not thought it prudent to present.. The fine
Dishopof Londonderry had embezzled considerable property, and
had secured tc himself' by almost robberry, large estates. lle
limit toped the s would never listen to such a proposal as was they
trought forward.
• Mr. W. SMITD mode a few observations.
Lahti on the tab*, and ordered to be printed.
LITERARY PROPERTY.
Sir J. MACKINTI kW raid, that he had been prevented by ill.
health from bringing before the notice of the House the laws it.
(sting to literary copyright, and alio those that related to the
power. vested in the Lmd Chamberlain and his Deputy, over the
licensing of plays.
NPA3RO SLAVERY.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH presented a petition from the elders of
Perth and other places, praying tor the abolition of negro slavery.—
Laid on the table.

IRISH POLITICAL PROCESSIONS. - .„--verued to Ile 04
SirJ. MACKINTOSH presented a petition from 3lr. Lawless, of CATHOLIC CIIAIMS.
Belfast, the Editor of thotrislimannewspaperplaying that the House 1 Mr. LENNVID preventsd a peduon from the Cetholics of tke
would passe law to prevent political processions in Ireland. The' county of Monaghan, praying for tenet from the disabilities under
lion. Membecobterved, that although the petition proceeded from wttish they Labour on vcount of their religious opinions. The pe-
an individual} It related to a subject of much importance, and was titioners, lie said. had urged hint to make their prayer the subject
highly deserving the attention of the House. It should be recut- of a specific motion, and certesji no prayer could be mote tero-
lected, that the person who petitioned was the conductor, and the Perfect, stated. But he certaM concurrc in the Proliabet, of thc
able conductor, of a public paper, and therefore it might be pre. reasons on which It had been judged adiisatile not ,to agitate the
stinted, more acquainted with public feeling than the generality of question this Session. lie tinted, itiowever,',thst the urat would
individuals could be. lie (Sir J. Mackintosh) believed that all not be suffered to paid arty *Mina efidl tehraideouldn ofit, led
parties were of oae opinion as to the subject to which the peti. undoubtedly if no ~else Would bri_fig it• inward, his cpaneatiou
tioncr referred, and that the chid question was as to the best moons with the county of Monaghan, 0411% teepee for tbtaCidifolle tq-
habitalts of that county, woald induce him ant Sealant° bring
that could be devised foe putting a step to those processions, which
tended to excite and prolong those motif to be lamented feelings of it forward himself.
anger which, in Ireland, influenced both parties. All attempts to Mr. 14. RICH expressed his approbation of the petition, fui con-
revent those processions hail hitherto failed, and there was little
fining us prover solely to the question of religious &stabilities.' He
p
Ropes of succeeding except by the interference of the Houk. was convinced that if the mass of the.catittdies Of le-1 eland ad-
Although he thought that in such eases the public opinion'eas dress that House in their own language, it would be 'spillage with
far better then the laws, yet he thought there could be no objection the mine temptrance which characterised this petition
to putting that opinion into the Minn of • law, lie perceived that Ordered to he on the table-
the Orange Lodge or Dublin had issued an order to those connected DERR CATHEDRAL.
with it, to prevent them from attending the procession which Mr. HOULBURN presented &petition (*eying for inveldgailop
always takes place in July, and which precession was an in- rePircting she non:nparstion of Derry cathedral. • •
famous endeavour to remind • great body of people of the victory Mr. DAWSON said, the Dean and Chapter were found by law
that had been gained over than, and Was, he believed, peculiar to to pay foe the molds of the cathedra Ife Itgintl with dm pol.
Ircland; he thought the Orange Lodge haul assumed an authority tionnelhat inquiry onghrto be made into the reasons why the ca-
id so doing, and had shown it had in some degree a power to pre. tbedral was suffixed to p N decay, ,Next Sneak= be would bring
vent them, lie thought the Members' of the Orange Society had the subject under the annalltetttillal Or the Home. • • •
4ne a good unite to the country in so doing; but if they thought Orderod to be Printed* -
the tendency of the peonasion was go bad, he was teary they find• - " CASE OF MR. PERROTT.
confined their prohibition to one year, and regretted they did not Mr. HUMp„ before presenting a octane, tiomplained of sane
p farther, sad prevent for ever this unmanly triumph over their misrepresentations ht the statements he had made on • femur wet.
tellow-counttymen and fellow.eitizens. Mg, in bringing forward his motion respennuthe impressment of
The petition was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed. vainen. lie then stated, that he held ID hie band a Petition (rant
