11/4E BRITISH PRESS.

in Manchester, in Liverpool; In every manufacturing district of
England. As the professed advocate in Parliament of the cause of
operatives, he would hare made connexions with, and obtained an
influence over them, which, though his want of all pi ineiple would
prevent hint from producing a moral erred on the system of public
measures. might, in time* of popular distress and discontent, enable
him to inspirit and direct the schemes of the malcoments, and to em. '
harm% the administration of the day. From this danger the Govern-
anent her been saved by the spirit of Capt. Barrie, and the respect.
able inhabitants of Preston. I told you Cobbett's supporters were
the lowest oldie rabble; an extract from the examinations of the
voters will give a fair ides of their quality. An elector comes to
be polled ; he wears a ribband knot of a certain colour ; the colour
thews for which Candidate he Intends to vote ; • residence of six
months being the sole qualification necessary to give hint the pri.
vilge of voting, it is incumbent mettle opponent of the voter's fa-
vourite, to attempt to invalidate his viOte by showing that the voter
ha. not resided six months in Preston ; this the Advocates try to
elicit by crn.s.examination.
Where did you live before you came to Preston?—At Man-
chester.

_
flow long ego is that ?—Seven months.
Did you not go back to Manchester since?—No.
Your wife lives in Alanchester—did you not go to see your wife
since?—No. _ _ .

What ! not go to see your wife? be d—d sorry.
Not see her for sin months ? No, nor never will.
lilairoa—For whom do you rote? Colkett—a plumper, ye
tyrants! ( H urrah !)
Another enters :
A nvocaTE—How do you know it Is six months since you came
to Preston ? P hare it down In writing.
Oh, the date—a cas!i account I suppose ? I a sort of a cash
account.

What sort? This—when I came to Preston first, I hail not a
shilling so I pledged my waistcoat rnd other shirt (by the same
token shilling
release them since.) This is the pawnbroker's du-
plicate the day of the month is to it ; just six months ago.
Correct !—for whom do you vote ? The poor man's fri d
Cobbett—a plumper. (Hurrah !)
A third, susnected to he a Catholic :
Are you a Roman Catholic? Nn.
What religion are you ? No religion at all.
What ! None at all ? None.
Cobbett's A uvocATE—Oh, the man means he belongs to no sect.
MAYOR—HO you attend any place of worship ? No.
Have you ever attended any ? Yee, 1 used to go to hear the
ranters.

An ADVOCATE—Iie means Mr. Cobbett's ranting in the market.
place.
MAvon—Are you a Christian ?- I hope I am.
Advocate—l submit, Mr. Mayor, that this man, not being of any
religion, does not believe in the Divine character of the New Tes-
tament, on which lie has taken the MOO against Supremacy. Now
if he does not believe in it, he cannot believe the oath he took to be
binding on his conscience ; in fact, to him it is no oath at all ; he is
hercfore not entitled to vote.

M A YOR—(TO voter)—Do you believe that you may be punished
hereatier for taking a false oath ? I do.
That's enougb—l'll admit his vote. For whom do you vote ?
Cobbett—a plumptr.
A fourth :
ADVOCATE—What arc you? A gentleman.
flow long have you been a gentleman ? These nine years.
What were you before that . A bricklayer's labourer.
What are you now ? A gentleman.
What is your wife ? A green grocer.
Mayon—HOW thew can you call yourself a gentleman ? Why
not? I follow no trade.

But your wife Is a green grocer ? What has that to do with It ?
—sure, my wife is not going to vote.
I can't let you vote under that designation : go back to the Com-
missioners. and make them insert some trade in your certificate.—
rem can then come back and vote. Voter—l won't.

Then I can't let you vote under the denomination of a gentle-
man. Voter—You won't.

I wont. Voter—Then I'm d—d if I vote at alL—( Exit in a
huf)

MONnAY, TWELVEO.CLOCE.

At the sitting of' the Court this morning, M. Wood re.appearcd
on the hustings, dressed in deep mourning. Mr. Cobbett also
mounted, and instantly protested, as usual. against the barrie
which had been erected, or wood hustings, io prevent the promi .
cuous rush of the mob to the spot where die electors stand white
giving their votes.
The MAYOR—I will not remove the barriers ; they are produc-
tive of great regularity.—Aye, but those separate barriers distin-
guish the voters for each Candidate. You know those who come up
to vote for me. _ _

The .MAYOR—I do not. I know nothing of those who come u .
I know no parties. lam satisfied with the oprightreac of my own
conduct. I have decided to the best of my judgment and that of
my brother Assessors. I have derided cases in your favour, and
that with the disapprobation of the other Candidates ; and this I
have gentlemen to prove.
Mr. Conran—But why not remove these barriers, these forti-
fications that shut nut my voters?
The MAYOR—III not hear any more of it. The Candidates
were the persons who arranged them, not I.
Att a t sso hs (to Cubbett)—The barriers were erected at your own
request.
The Maroa—They were approved by all the Candidates, and
shall not he altered now at the caprice ttf any man. I have been
accused of prejudice against Mr. Cobliett. Now, I appeal to that
gentleman (Mr. Foster, one of Mr. Cobbett's friends), whether he
did not thank me for decisions given by me in Mr. Cobbett's favour.
I appeal to you. Sir.
FOSTER (a Radical weaver)—You appeal tome—it's very odd—
I can say I dislike some of your decisions.
The MAYou.—Winch of the Candidates is there that dislikes
some of my decisions; those decisions which were given against
themselves. .

ConeETT.—First you made the voters come up in tens, thent,in
fours and now by ones. Oh, I see how it is.
The MAYOR.—Go on with the polling; herr no more.
An ELECTOR speak on behalf of the independent electors of
Preston. The polling has been procrastinated. Alr. Cebbett aays
he is a friend to unixersal suffrage, yet he wanted the time of poll-
inn, by his long speeches, in such a manner, that the 15 days will
go by, sad many of the electors will not be able to vote at all ; the
Pniling is procrastinated by him.
The Mmroa—Yes, by Mr. Uobbett.

CON•ETT—WiII rim .take down the barriers?
The 3IA ! I'll hear no more from you. Begin
the polling, and it' any man interrupts it let him take the conse-
quence.
Cobbett, unwilling to take the consequenses of interrupting
the Court, sat down, and then left the hustings. The polling, in
consequence, proceeded with regularity.
State of the pull at half-past three, Monday, June 19.

NINTIL DAY.
lion. G. Stanley . - 1,110 1 Captain Barrie - 620
Mr. Wood . - 633 1 Mr. Cobbett - 512
Moxiaaw, HAI.F.PAST FOUR.
Barrie and Wood, at this time, stand exactly the same number
on the poll. The following are the numbers :

Stanley • - 1153 I Woad . . 65/
Barrie • . 851 Cobbett - 523

Co l'E N TRY ELECTION.

EIGHTH DAY, MONDAY, JUNE 19.

This Election terminated to-Jay in a most unexpected manner
The Tory, or, perhaps we should more properly say, the Indepen-
dent party, Messrs. Eyler and Ileatlicote, had for several days
polled almost exclusively, till they had obtained so considerable a
majority, that it was thought impossible fur Messrs. Moore and
Ellice to be able to equal them, even if they were to poll all the re-
maining freemen. This, however, did not prevent those Gentle.
men from persevering In their exertions; and such were their
arrangements, that to-day they stated it to be in their power, and to
be their intention, of polling sufficient numbers to give them a majo.
rity on the aggregate amount of rotes. The poll commenced at
the usual hour, and the hustings were soon after surrounded by
weavers, and others of that class, who enjoy the right of franchise.
As the wearing of colours is in a great degree dispensed with, it is
impossible for a stranger to know to what party they belong, says
by their conduct. This, however, was very intelligible; for at the
right end of the bcoth, and close to the place where the freemen
come up to vote, there were assembled as many persons of the
above description as the confined space would admit of, amounting
to some hundreds, and there they amused themselves by singing
songs,jeering good-humouredly at Messrs. Moore and Ellice's
voters, as they came up in great numbers, crying omit, "It is all
up," and joining together in a loud and repeated chorus of
" To-nislit we'll merry, merry he,
For Ellice is done over.
In addition to this, there were three drums and three fifes within
two yards of the hustings ; and amidst this din of noise was
the business of the election conducted. The p.. 11 went on till
about half-past eleven o'clock (at which time Moore and Ellice
had a majority o' 87 on the day's poll) with no particular interrup-
tion except the noise ; but just at this time • young weaver, named
William Treen, came up to give his vote. A general movement
then took place, in order to watch his conduct ; but there was no
attempt to molest MM. One person placed himself by his side and
looked hint intently In the face, to whom a gentleman belonging to
Eyler and Heatheixe'l party, observed " Don't hurt the man, let
him give his vote quietly." Treen seemed to haves strung feeling 1
acting within hint, and a determination to give his vote his own 1
way. The other kept his eye on hint, and said " bet us see who
he TRIM for first." Something was expected to tollow after such an I
observation, which was often repeated. The man was sworn, and
on being asked for whom he voted, he said with a loud voice—
" Ellice. a plumper." The rush upon him was Instantaneous hut
coat was torn from his back, and it was with the utmost effort
that he succeeded, by
the help of the constables, in climbing
the front of the hustings, and thereby getting out of the reach of
the populace.
Mr. Moods and Mr. ELLICE, with their friends, protested
against suck conduct, and declared they would no long.! keep
open the pro. • They then left the hustings, telling the Sheriffs
to take any more votes at their peril.
s
The ni4)otite party arigned as a reason for their conduct to
Tretn, that he was a turn.coat; that he hsd jor:td their party, and

partaken of their ehrer, Curing the whole of last week, and that
now he basely turned from them.
Treen did not deny this, but stated that he writ induced to
act an he had done by the ill conduct of his former partizins to-
wards him.

The Sheriff; continued to poll until two o'clock. and every
thing passed se quietly as could be desired; when Messrs. Moore
and Ellice sent in a formal document, signed by several freemen,
declining to collie to give their votes, assigning as a reason that
they were intimidated by the conduct of die opposite party.
As soon as this Was received, the Sheriffs declared the poll to
be closed, anti announced the numbers to be as follows, amidst the
most enthusiastic cheering :
Heathcote - 1,5351 Ellice . 1,242
Eyler - - 1,5221 Moore - 1,182
The Candidates were then attended by !several hundreds of per-
sons to their Inn, from the windows of which they addressed the
people.
Ale. HEATIICOTE first Came forward, amid the about, of the
multitude. They had now placed him, he observed, by their
favour and kindness in the distinguishing and gratifying situation
of one of their Representative; in Parliament. A situation the
most honourable that an English get.tiettian could aspire to, but
involving, lie was well aware, much and an awful responsibility.
lie had seen enough since lie came to Coventry to convince him of
the strict account which lie should one day have to give up to
them ; hut he should not fear i!, f.r, relying en his cwn honourable
intetitioits. lie should also rely upon their candour and liberality.
(Loud cheerr.) Now the contest was over, he trusted that all
feeling of asperity and minim, if any such had existed among
them, would die away. (Cries of ss Very good.") In this free
country dray were all members of one great family, and links in one
great chain; nor could any one of thole links be injured but the
wh, le would be paralyzed. (Cheers.) Lra the masters and men
both bear this equally in mind. Neither could do without the
other, and both would best consult their own interests by
adopting a feeling towards each other of kindness and con-
cilistitm. (Cheers.) If any thing mild embitter his feelings at this
moment of so great and glorious and proud a triumph. it would
be the idea that any individual among them should suffer on ac-
count of the vote he had given to him snd his colleague. But he
persuaded himself that this would net be the case. fie was satis-
fied that no master, whatever lie might have threatened in the
warmth of the contest, would dare to act, now it was over, uppers()
dishonourable, so disgraceful. and so unmanly a principle. He
Itad adverted to this topic with relactance, and lie hoped with mo-
deration. Ile would not say more upon it. because lie trusted that
R Word to the wise was enough. Ile could not have been contented
to have said less, because if he had done so, lie should have felt he
had not discharged his duty to those of his poorer friends who had
supported him on principle, and from the noblest and most gene-
rous feelings. Ile was quite overpowered with feelings of grati-
tude. He could have borne an up-hill fight f r the freedom and
independence of his countrymen. bcratiae he hail borne it already ;
but their kindness and unexampled favour shewn to him, and the
unexampled success he had met with, quite ot eremite him ; he had
no words to express his congratulations and gratitude, lie would
conclude with one short sentence—lle had relied upon them, and
had rot been disappointed, now let them rely upon hon. (Cries of
" That we will," and much cheering.)
Mr. FYLEO then came forward, and was received with much
applause. He declared himself inadequate to express his gratitude
to them for the honour they lied confdrred upon him. Ile deemed
this to be the proudest day that Coventry ever witnessed. This
day was the day of triumph of freedom and independence.
Threats, bribery, and intimidation, had been resorted to by their
opponents, to induce men to conic forward and perjure themselves to
their God, and all foe what? To support the unmanly cause of
slavery. They had been told that lie bad not abilities to represent
them in Parliament. Would to heaven his abilities were only
equal to his desire, and they should never complain of finding in
him it zeulous, just, and obis Representative. (Cheers.) They
had also been told that lie was treated with the contempt of all his
voters. He would repel the word contempt in the face of his
enemies. But he felt moat indignant that his opponents should
have been so base as to attempt to poison the minds of
the writers of the public press, and to dare to insinuate that
the freemen of Coventry were blackguards, and the contempt
of society. The eyes of all England were upon them this day ;
and when they talked of a reform in Parliament, he would say, let
them look to Coventry. (Cheers.) It was the people who should
effect a reform in Parliament. (Cheers.) Let every freeman in
the country think and speak as freely as they had done at,Coventry,
and they would hear no more coninlaints of rotten boroughs. They
had been told by one of their opponents, that neither lie nor his
Hen. Colleague would become the Representatives of the freemen
of Coventry. Perhaps that Hon. Gentleman kept the keys of the
House of Coinmons in his breeches pocket ; and not only so. but
perhaps he was the keeper of the consciences of those be row ad-
dressed. ("'That is what he wants," cried a noisy fellow in tire
crowd.) When their enemies found they could not beat them
by fair means, they resorted to every description of unfair means.
As to Peter Moore, they offered to throw him 'overboard. But
could they suffer themselves to be so insulted as to allow n man to
come and say to them, " I will make 3 bargain with you No,
you shall not have the old block, but you shall haven chip of the
old block." (Laughter.) It was a troy weak invention of the
enemy, to pretend to say that one man hail been so ill-treated that
they were obliged to close the poll. (('ries of " It is falser)
" Now, hear the truth (said Mr. Fyler). That man—though he
is scarcely deserving the RAMC of a man—had basely forfeited his
word, forsaken his colours, and was a turn-coat. Gentlemen, Hea-
ven forbid I should wish to rouse yourfeelinge ! but I must and will
say, that I applaud that virtuous effervoticence of manly feeling
which sou exhibited when fraud and falsehood were detected
by you. To my certain knowledge, our opponents polled
thirteen voters after that ; so much for their honour and Ito.
nesty." (Loud cheers.) He was assured that those cheers
which now greeted hint, would assail him hereafter if lie did
not conscientiously discharge his duty to them, lie had been
catechized upon various points; had already declared that he was
opposed to granting any further concession of political power to the
Catholics. (Cries of " Bravo !") Ile was sure they could not
I desire to put shackles on his free hands, and return him to Parlia-
ment bound and fettered. (" No, no!") The House of Commons
was the great deliberative council of this nation, and if they gave
him credit for having a good head and a good heart, they might
depend upon always finding him at his post, and promoting every
measure that tended to their welfare. One word in conclusion—
for heaven's sake throw aside the weapon of discord, and seek to
live at amity with each other ; and when he and his should again
come to Coventry, might they receive them with three i orb shouts sit
they would now give, that should rend the air for triumph ! (The
enthusiastic cheering continued for several minutea.)
A very intelligent Journeyman \V.:aver now addressed the
people, as he had before done its the course of the day. i
The two Honourable Members then paraded the streets n pro-
cession. The cereniony of chairing will take place to-morrow.
At half-put four o'clock, the partisans of Moore and Ellice be-
gan to assemble in great numbers, in front of the Craven Arms llo-
tel; and they were soon after joined by a numerous body of the
opposite party ; but no disturbance took place ; all of them having
apparently determined to give the two unsuccessful Candidates a
fair and patient hearing, those gentlemen having announced that
it was their intention to address them. Messrs. Ellice and Moore
addressed them, the fame: at great length, after which the Mset-
ing quietly dispersed.
TUESDAY' MORNING.

The city is as quiet and peaceable as if nothing extraordinary
had occurred in it fcr years. Captain Fyler drove through the
town, aid was respectfully greeted by the people, whom he recog-
nized with much affsbility. Ile la quite a favourite among the free-
men who espouse his cause.
