SURREY TWILIT/IE.

Last night ■ new hiotorical ratio-dram .tic bur-
1, it% called Ivanhoe; or, the Jew's Darghter, was
produced at this theatre, With uncommon splen-
dour. It io, as tile name &notes, token from the new
novel of LAURENCE 1.1-311.1.CT0N, Erg. a work
alaiuntling with energy, mill which tr to display
•of' varied and contrasted int 'dent% of *trot% and
ungoitrieohle passion, mid above all, the exquisite
d, lineatitm or romantic female character, the whole
set oft with the pomp and splendour of chivalrous

pageantry. was perhaps more adapted thin any
other production of the same celebrated author, fur
dramatic r ffect.
• The performance was preceded by an Address, in
the way of Prologue, from Miss COPELAND, which
was delivered in a very pleasing manner. Of the I
two point+ it contained, one was superfluous, and
the other unnecessary. It entreated the audience I
not to expect, in the narrow compass of three acts,
the full incidents of three bulky volumes, and if !
the effort was a failure, to murkier it as the first !
offence ever committed at that theatre. The tri.
%million,. success or the piece relieved the wit-
prietor from any appreliensi )))) s on the beta r
point. We are relieved from the necessity. of
going fully into the story of the piece, as the book
itself in ii.t be in every body's hands. The
plus dramatised by Mr. DIBUIN are the most
vigorous of the original; those that carry 114 [MIA
to the r hivalrons days of error de Lioa—lo the
contemplation of "the hot, teiniw-treitus,
ate, fierce youth of Christendom," before the ele-
ments of Saxon and Norman character were melted
down into a settled consistency. The piece begins
with the opening of the Novel. the scene between
the swineherd, Gurrh (WYATT), and the fool of the
Saxon, It'amba (Frrzwit.ussi) ; it is then carried
on, pretty nearly in a literal Milliner, to the arrival
of Sir Brion de Bois Gailbert (It sNuouall), aad
the Friar (W. S. CuarnieLev), iu the hall of
the old Franklin." The 41 poorer way-fareu," who
claim shelter out of the stormy night, are also pre-
sent. The Jew (I-In:rem), who is berried along
with the current to the touruatneed, at Ashby. The
Palmer, /reshot. (W Awns). in his pilgrim's dis-
guise, partakes of the cheer of the hearth, while
the stately Saxon Princess floweisis (Mrs. W. S.
CHATTER LEY) and the noble host do the honours
of the table. The whole story of the escape of the
Jew' from the cupidity of the Templar, and of his
ultimate fate, and gratitude to his protector.
Ivanhoe, whom he furnishes with armour for
the tournament, is then literally told in suc-
cessive scenes. The Jew's beautiful daughter
hebrees (MISS TA I' LOR)—and never could she
have a more lovely representative—is introduced at
the tournament, and the whole treachery of Su.
Brian developed ; the dialogue, particularly the
noble recites between bins and Rebecca in the
castle, being almost literally the Defuses and
impassioned diction of the admirable novelist.
The attack on the castle brings forth Sir Reginald
Froat•de Ewe (Comuet.i.). and the despoiled and
desolate tunes (Mrs. Ilitoues), the Madge Wild-
fire of the piece, made a great impression in the
performance. The conflagration of the castle,
through her meant., is admirably contrived and dis..
played : and the piece closes with the trial of the
supposed sorceress, which is very fully given with
all chivalrous accompaniments. The feats of the
(Jaknown Xaeglit (Itinuwav), and the exploits of
Wohia flood (Mr. Paves), sire fully given in the
Aurae of the performance.
• The merit of adaptation is all we presume to which
Mr. Quoits can aspire in this piece, for the noble
sentiments of the original are literally preserved in
the dialogue of the performers—it is impouible,
however, to withhold from him the praise of a
judiciosn adherence to costume---FROISIARD him-
self could not cavil at either the dresses or the
greater part of the scenery. They are both novel
and splendid. The performers cannot be too highly
• p-aised--this tribute is due to all (with a single
exception). though our limits only enable us by
Mime to make a brief selection from the principal.
Somebody played the Grand Master of the Tens-
piers by accident, we imagine, for FAWcETT's name
was in the hills. He seemed very unfit for the
character, but perhaps it was suddenly imposed
upon him by some accident. Miss TAY I.OR't per-
sonal graces, as well as the taste and judgment of
her acting, did justice to the author's conception
of this interesting character, and this high com-
pliment is no inure than her desert. Mrs. CH A7'
TERLEY was extremely dignified and impressive,
soil she made the most of the character. Some
good songs are interspersed throughout the piece :
FITZWI L LIAM has some 111111110NUA one..
The piece was throughout loudly applauded by
one of the most numerous mid fashionable audi-
ences that we ever recollect to have seen tit this
heatre, and unnouoced for repetition amidst
thunders of applause. Fine sentiment, admirable
scenery. and excellent acting, formed sin irresistible
combination.

Definition of the word CADAVER, ati lately given
by Mr. Jivince flotanYn; CA Caro. DA Data,
VER Fermilss.—Coro Data Vertnibus.

We understand that the family from the West
Indies, olio lodged in Mr. Kee's house, have re-
covered the trunk containing the diamonds and
other valuables property supposed to have been de.
stroyed in the lire. In clearing away the ruins
yesterday, the trunk was found in the rubbish much
scorched on the outside, but the contents were not
injured.
Persons serving in corps of yeomanry cavalry
are exempt Irma the horse duty, as they were tor-
inerly, notwithstanding their having entered Into
composition for their taxes. l'he amount of the
duty on horses used in the yeomanry cavalry to
br ascertained by producing the necessary docu-
ments.
A roller pump, on au improved principle, for
which a patent has been obi:titled, has fur ►otue
time pa-t hero erected at Worcester, for the pur-
pose of rai-ang water front the river Severn into the
large Ito-to of the Worcester Canal, where it throws
up 900 g Moos its a minute.
A most atrocious charge of rape is now under the inves-
tigation of the pollee, at which the mind sinks with horror.
A gentleman of the highest respectability, in London, who
has a country house in Hertfordshire, leaves his children
there uoder•the care of two female servants, who, it turns
out, have cohabited wish Iwo men. One of the females, after
remaining all night with a mass, conveyed <oleo(' the infants,
under eleven years of see, to the fellow she bad slept with,
soil who defiled her. The matter will be published iu a day
ur two.
On Tuesday afternoon the howe of Mrs. COU-
SINS. is Pepper-street, Winches. r-row, South.
wads, was privately and feloniously entered by
some person or persons unknown, who took away a
gold watch, a quantity of silver table and tea
spoons, satin and other dresses. and portable pro-
perty to the value of about 501. Mrs. COUSINS
sent immediate information of the robbery to
Union-Hall Police Office, and two constables are.
on the alert.

ROYAL COBURG VIRATRI?,
hump 20, 1920.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.
. „

ilea—A* the Theatres, both major and minor, now' forns
tech • conspicuous and important portion of the amuse.
melds of society, and occupy >aids • material share of ifs
attention, besides COUlnbtatitiz sit ev.enllflly 111 if* improve-
ment sod gratification, I sb .11 us doe eau apology fir address.
imr, to the Putolie, througlo the extensive circulation of
your columns, such communications as may still further
elucidate the present question' between the Coburg and
Droirplane Theatres, fur to that tame has the emoted come
at last. At the period of my lasi communication on this
subject. I was nut aware the information w3ll actually laid
against soy theatre, it having been postponed on points
of law from tune to. time ; hut such Is as since turned out
to be die fare as it was received by the Magistrate,,,
with, as I understand, atom,. he'll:ll4mi 1.0 week. This
information is laid nominally by the Sub•ClentnOtee
of theory-lane Theatre, hoot trstionibly, I have good reason
to believe, by Mr. Igliatun ; certainly the tat Gentleman
in the whole wage M. theatrical mamenne t t whit should
loam instituted so ungrateful, so mogracioiss, and au op.
pressive a pi reircutiou , as I shall proceed to skew hereafter.
The Patentee...4.f Covent-garden Theatre hare, (or the present,
declined tsetse any part its Giese diger:ie. fool proceeding:,
These Grath-men, I trust, have seen the inkstmanity tool
lajustice of their wishes, the impracticability of them, and
their rename comeiproces to themselves, should they have
cars ied them Into executoun, mid I abritlil hope have wisely
declined that fur ever, which could only have hero comely.
ed by them in a moment of haste and error. Bat U. Ellis.
tem. Oh, Shame! where is Ilioldaeb!. fergettine that when
exiled from the Royal Theatres, it was the Motor 'Theatres
that opened their fostering arms to receive him, unmindful
that he was the first to lead the Miunv Theatres into that
species of representatimo' in which he is. Mow the first to
complain, regardless that but for the liberality he expo mow-
ed from the public at Minor Theatres, he would sal lone
Maud in the proud but precarious situation of lessee of a
Royal Theatre, he is the first 1J raise his pairieidal arm
against the parent shrines that sheltered and enriched him;
mid *phut every principle of justice, honour, sod grati-
tude, seek for their destruction that have proved his preser-
vation! He will, perhaps, deny that he is at all concerned
its Ibis disgrareful prosecution, boot I will remind him of
his repeated public assertions, when hr was only Manager
of Di wry-lase is contemplation, that the first slop he should
take wooed be to suppress the Minor Theatres altogether ;
mut I will beg of him to call to mind in particular a con-
versation that took place last summer. in the Coburg Thea-
tre, between himself and Mr. William Illwrynture, its then
Stage Manager, in which be expressly intimated his intro.
Lien of putting • stop to the Colin. Theatre representing
nay thing like • 'animist drama, soul request him to rend-
lett, ou that Gentleman reminding loin, that the Colung
Tlti site was only represent ins the same species of pieces he
bad introduced when lessee of the Suits y, his acknowledging
the justness of the observation, with the addition that though
he hail dune so, be did nut meow to allow soy one else the
like toleration. 1 will not pay Mr. Ellinou so ill a cotnpli-
meut as to suppose loins Mucha. Pt at the inumestt lie
made these observation's. yi t I can scarcely conceive he
could be otherwise when he denounces that at a crime on
others which he had so repeatedly declared ought to be
tolerated in himself. As far as policy goes, it is lon.
questionably subtle policy in Mr. Elliston to make Mr.
Ward—poor Mr. Ward ! the convenient Secretary of Ma-
nae,ement, the tolerant suffering cat's-paw, to poll out
fur the great monkey the fruits of persecution from the
fire tif the law; but ameredly some out's finer. will toe
burnt in the operation. Thai Mr. Ellistun is the usteusible
tot eon of the present prosecution is evident. It cannot be
supposed fur • moment the Noble and Honourable Gentle-
men who now form the Sub-Committee of Drury-lane have
•ny share in such as unjust sod ungracious trausactioe—a
transaction which cannot in any manner benefit themselves.
They are too generous—too liberal for such a proceeding,.
Mod they been so inclised, would they soot bare commenced
such proceedings whets the Theatre was under their own
management, and root stow, that it is under the menage-
meat of another person, pursuing, as he says, the must pros-
perous career Undoubtedly! Welt I openly too call upon
them, I have not the least fear but that they would deny nll
purticipatiun in a transaction, the snort of which is thus '
nominally laid on their shoulders, and the odium of
which they are thus artfully made to bear; besides,
' so 'coil of these Gentlemen, I believe, are perfectly
acipiamted with the fact, that the very existence
I of Drury-lane Theatre is owing to the father of the man
whose property that Theatre is now so ungraciously, so un-
go-Melons, attempting to destroy. It is very well kinawn to
mail persons, that preceding the last destruction of Drury-
later Theatre by fire, the salaries of that establishment for
many succeeding weeks canoe solely out of the pocket of my
father, Mr. Francis Glossop, till 'an accumulated advance
hail been made to Mr. Sheridan of 13,6001., fur which large
sum the only enure he ever received was a divideud of 20.6 d.
in the pound in motley, and a further dividend of 21.. GJ. in
shares, which shares hone since decreased in value nearly
seventy per cent. Su couch for 'palinode and consistency !
It may to many persons be matter of great surprise and
conjecture what Mr. Elliston's motives can be in suppress-
ing the Minor Theatres, and throwing out of employ so
large a hotly of brother performers, as tae must necessarily
de by such a step. Stone persons may be led to infer, that
he means, by overstocking the market, to cause 'ouch a dote.
nitration of dramatic latent, as shall enable him to procure
the services of men of the first-rate genius and ',Willy, for
• compensation scarcely amounting to the hire of a me.
chaotic ; but though I am perfectly well aware of Mr. Ellis.
ton's pewehant for a Moodie and that nicety of calculation
in reusuirerating men of genius, which has procured Lion
from many persons the character of a hard dealer, lu use
tau harsher a term, yet I should hope, for the sake of libe.
ratify, honour, gratilvde, and every better feeling of a
man, not to soy habitual feeling of a Gcollernan, such
is not Mr. Elliston's view in taking the present step.
Of all the monopolies of mankind, that of the mind is the
most injurious—of nil species of slavery, that of intellect
and talent is the most hateful. Let us carry on a fair traffic
in all we can render disposable.' . boot in the name of huma-
nity, let us not create a coostrahind commerce in the race
duns of genins—let us not depreas and debase, by &precis-
nue, the noble faeolties of the mind. As a man of mind
and genius yourself, Mr. Ellision, disdain, despise, disclaim
such detestable intentions. I cannot, will not think these
are your views in your present proceedings agoilost Doty
Theatre, and yet if thi y are nol, Joy what motives ran you
be actuated, boot those of as all-grasping avarice, an over.
weaning ambition to reign doe sole and absolute arbiter of
the theatrical monarchy. Ambition, to use a quotation, Mr.
Ellistuit, with which your theatrical memory must be
fami-
" 1 charge thee, ling sway ambition ; by that sin fell
the nagels"—by that too may you fall. The Millie diseeming
public that have raised you to your present prosperity, can,
if insulted sad trifled with, in like degree degrade you. Re-
flect then 1 conjure you, you the steps you ale owe taking;
beware, lie wise, and retract its time; you have written a
hook, Mr. Ellistun, at least I find your name prefixed to
one, which you seem most nuaceountably to have 'for-
gotten, as your present sentiments are so diametrically
opposite to those which are expressed with suds force
in every page of it. When I first perused il, I was tempt-
ed to believe your name had been prefixed by mistake,
as I conceived it impossible any man, po • ing the least
consistency and principle, could blow but and csold so strong-
ly it tlw same breath; het a glance at sloe first half page,
wherein there uccors no less than sixteen great f's, re-Enured
one—for no one who has had the ',leaser, of hearing you
speak, or has read any of your epistolary productiuns, can
be unaware of your intimate acquaintence with that great
personal pronoun, or doe pleasant and imposing deeney of
egotism with which you invariably use it—has to put the
question of your authorship of die book in (pieties' to rest
at once, and to re-imbue your mind with those mentimests
which, if they really proceed from pm, du honour both to
your heart and head, I shall refresh your recollection
with such passages from the work, as must lead you either
to recant your present sentiments, and openly espouse my
cause, or tacitly acinsueledge you are not the author of the
work in genitive, but have practised a deceit ova the public
ley aflisiug your name to another mar's writing, or else be
content to be regarded as the greatest renegade in principle

-~-

and opission of which the !Berms/ world ever hail an ca.
ample. In motion these extract.. I shall not only be s., v.
tug you by bringiog your consistency to • test, and re-
minding you of Ileetioneuts of lilvertolity and Wismar you
appear to Wove forrelea, but I sh• 11 be miter:ally aiellog
myself, for by a lamp species of p-eseeiot •heorvotence, i
your book appearsta bare been written cameos!y to defeat
noy attack that way he aside avails: mole and si•ailar
Theatres. The public are. perhaps. uanepoamtrel grata t
the preciee motives which liable, .1 me to build soil
aspen the Coburg Thew,. Independently of a predi- ;
tedious for theatrical pursuits. and t01.f0u.1.1. rinert fin. I
the lamented Priaeess by whores it was p.vn..irrd, and
whose name it was to bear, I felt in the surds of the
2.1 and 3d pages of the p'. (sec to tbt Iso .k 1., q.t.alio*,
which purports to he • * Copy of a Memorial pr.-armed to
the Loral Chainberlal• by the Committee of NI infest of
the Thestre-floyal, Drury lane. sod he the Peoprielors of I
she Theatre-Royal, Covesit.garden, stains% the Olympic sad
Runs Pareil, with Copies of two Letters in reply to the coo-
tents of such Memorial, addressed to the Lord Chamber.
laiu by Robert Woo Pllistoo, Coq. Cona-than,"—* I felt," I
say, " no Ilcgra.lation in beconsisg the Proprietor of such
• Theatre, •do I feel the slightest, in being it, P..oprietur
now. Were ex 'topics mooted of such purchases, how many
might be quoted. Part of the caroling, produced by the
incomparable t•lents of Mr. Siddotos, was lard out in •
share of Nadler's Wells; Mr. King, the distiogniaked CY- ,
median, and for some time the manage of Drurrhose
Theatre, was also a proprietor of Ssdler•is Wells. Amaber
eminent actor, Mr. Wrotogliton, and who was also for some
time the manager of Drury lane Theatre. was a Proprietor
of Sadler's Welts. To seas/ cravate WHIM I anew ;
THEME HAD uree. Alta mot.t.o /TILL use. • mums:at
ArTislarT To mums( • Nlltsoo' Tn sot; but that
soft of disparagement had no infloence 0111 me. On she
contrary, I thou.yht, and experience has stranothetted
sty opinion, thlt in the situation in which the rheatees
Royal. Drury-lane and ('snot-giorilen, had beryl placed
by their ronelortors, Minor' Theatres were of import-
ance to the public that perliinansnres of Op• description to
chi h the !krises of Jliaor Theatres extend, isoglit, if
executed, afford a rational and highly entertainiag order
nf ameamment, amid at prices more condole*, with hinters,
as well as with yenruil roartaieace, than those aback the
eondetclom of the Theatre Royal I speak ~r. had chosen
to establish; I thought that, in such Theatres, possibly
the public might occasionally see, altholor.ls a little
out of flier places. some of their old
.foraitritrs, whoa'
cabal, or a manors spirit, had driven Aunt their proper
posts in the Theatres Royal, and to whom I might, without
the least disrespect, offer such resource. My 111.11
was to give the best entertainments 1 mould, withia thepro-
per powers of my license t, at the Mist reasonable prices I
could, and by degrees to brighten up soy Theatre, sues its
appointments, so as to make it worthy of every description
of visitor who should enter it. lam tie from having done,
yet, all 1 hare intended to do; and which the statforr of
my atalkor,fp trooM entitle inc to do. But thus far, mil,
it may he apparent that I have dune something."
With this first 'sumac' from Mr. Pittston's work, I Mast
now leave him. lit his own words, " lam fir from haring
done yet all I intend to do, and which the nature of his
hook allows me to do, but thus far even it may be apparent
I have done something."
la my next, ter-marrow, I will pursue my examination of
his reply, and till I have completely gene through it, make
such further extracts said comments as I am convinced will
proveof essential service to him next Wednesday, when the
case is fixed to be argued before the Magistrates; also
some remarks on MI able Letter addressed to me under the
signature uf Dramatics's —I am. Sir,
Your obedieut obliged Servant,
J. GLOSSOP,
Proprietor of the Royal Coburg Theatre.

• Mr. IF.llistrin most now know this fact with double
knowledge, as Prat-firm and Practicer. Dow sitnatious alter
sentiments! 'tis upporluuity that make sippers of us all.
t What Mr. Elfish)* conceived to be the proper powers of
his limiter, at the Surrey Theatre, and which license was the
same as that smiler which the Coburg Theatre is grow open,
will be best illustrated by • list of a few pieces, whirls,
among otbrn, be Mekr-drimaiized, and Podolia-riser', and
performed there during his lesseerhip i—k-inc liichard 111.
Macbelh, limey Moon, Beggar's Opera, Lions! rind Ctn.
riesa.Gooroo hiureirafl.ris Cabinet, Pizarro. Draninlisl,
Mayor of Garrall, Three and She Deuce, Mr to Ili. or
Lore, Of Age To-neorrove. Lodoishn, Forte Thieves, For.
hares Frolic, ha. &c. This is but one sample out of a
thousand of the present Drury-lane Alauager's estu►istrpey,
(airiness, and caaduur!

AMERICAN SAILORS.

NOTICE FROM THE I.OND MAYOR.
lilnn‘inn Hulot, January 17.

The Lord Mayor has great pleasure in stating, that, in
consequence of the observations which he felt it to be his
duty to make the other day, at the inertial( for clwltcring and
relieving the bouseless, he has had ■ communication with the
American Vier-Vonsul, who informs hint, that the Ameri-
can sailors who have served can hoard British chips are nut
actually precluded from relief at his office on that account,
although they Ftt (rivulets ly make that no excuse fur applying
at the Man Con-house; and further, that be has at present
about 100 destitute *tauten, whom he daily supplies with Wit:-
big, food, clothing. and medical assistance, by means of fonds
furnished him by the Government of the United States, se.
venal of these men having to his knowledge served many
yearn in the British navy. This Gentleman states also, that
in his official capacity be has lately contracted for the pas.
sage of 60 of the aforesaid men by a 111.111 M 1 bound fur Ame-
rica, now in the London docks.

Mr. YOUNG played Brutus, in Mr. PAYNE'S
tragedy of Brutus, at the Newcastle Theatre on
Wednesday se' 00000 ght.
Upon the settlement of the Government, when
OLIVER CROMWELL was declared Lord Protector
of England, envious alterations were made to the
state of the representation of England. By the
Act then passed (or settling the constitution of this
country. Mancliester was allowed to send one
Member to Parliament, and the representation of
the county was extended to FOUR Members at the
same time.
EDUCATION.—The riicient Britons, the Saxons
as well as the English, under th- Noimatis and the
Plentagettets, were on uneducated prople. The art
of printing, invented in the reign of I lEN KY the
Sixth, by serving to increase the number, and di-
minish the value of books, conferred a new chariot-
ter on the subjects of the Tunnies and STU ARTS ;
end foundations of lemming were these laid, which
have matured under the Gur.Leus, and have at-
tained Ultimate perfection in the age of GEORGE 111.
whose ambition it is said to have been, that every
man in his dominions should be aisle to read the
Bible and the I listory of his Country.
Yesterday morning a young man, named Joust-
sos. attempted to commit suicide iu a hickory-
coach which he had hired. The report of the pistol
brought moistener, wheu it was discovered the ball
had only slightly won:oiled his vide-.
ATTEMPT AT FIRE RAISING.—EarIy on floe
morning of Friday, the 7th instant, some incendia-
ries attempted to set tire to the storelititive at the
Shell; Iron-works, by breaking a pane of glass, and
throwing • burning peat into one of the apartments;
fortunately the room was occupied at the titue by
the clerk and the baker, upon whose Fed it alighted.
and who succeeded its extinguishing the flans«s be-
lore any thing was consumed, excepting soute louse
estraw.—( Edinburg!. Paper.)

-1.•
errs
Yesterday the Lord _Mayor held IsCoert ofCommen Cjun. •
eil at What!, which was very numerously attended.
A Petitnne was prevented from Mr. Tipper, sad other in.
babosnis of the Ward of Bread-street, against the return of
Mr &smart •Elliott to ha a Common Csmarilman of the amid
Ward, he holding as appoiwtmest ender the Corporative as
City PAuter ; sod, after mach Jiscassioss, it was referred
the Geoer.al Purposes Committee to rustoine ■ad report.
COSIPIA INT AGAINST THE ALDFRME FOft
ALLEGED NEGLECT OF bury.

Mr. Oldham permeated • Memorial from the Freemen
sentitioned on the Jury at tbr Loudon Sessions,
.whieli were
to Inv.' beers at Guildhall on the 17th December. The Mi-
neola! 0119 as follows:
Snewerm—That your Mentor:obits were dely emaresso-
ed to attend the Adjouraird Srwwns, at tie Guildhall of the
City or Immlon, an the seventeenth day of December WI, to
teem the Jury for the trial of Prisoners, and for rich Inlays.
dillies as are usually discharged by the Jury at Sessioni.
That accordingly your Memorialists assembled at Guild-
hall at a quarter before ten of the clock to lbe forenbun,
where they remained till about Ins minutes after Irltllflf At
the cluck, Rhea, in consequence of there being only 01w Al-
' demon in attendance upon his duty on Hest oi
the Recorder was at length obliged So adjourn the Sensuous
till the kith of January ins. Thus, in anssequence of this
dereliction of duty by the Magistracy of this City, your
Memorialists and the Council lust a coasiderahle portion of
their valuahle limn; the due administration of jest': e hie
beer infringed, and several unfortunate prisonn Cl`ll` n..i frt.
spots moults for waist of bail, have been incarcerated tin
the succeeding Session,.
Your Memorialists feel it their duly to lay these ereurn-
*tames before your Honourable Court, eel doubling but as
list protectors of the rights, liberties' and fraachiiiesot the
Milieus at large, you will promptly adopt ouch nseasoire as
will turvoit a repetition of an evil so great in its nature,
and su +Alarming to its consequences.
And your Memorialists will ever pray.
Mr. ()Limas &flared, dial, in bringing forward a menials
too this anbject, be meant within: personal to the reepeef.
Mile body so which he alluded. Twelve saauths ago ne
had etiise to niake a complaint similar to that which he
was alrott to state, and he had supposed that there could
have torso no longer sup weeeseity 1.04, drawing the mon.
of the public so so painful a siihjeet. It had been 1.1-
&red, in cowowptence of the stir ihat was made upon the
.former occasion, 'bat the Aldermen on the rota for The Ses-
sings should be duly saissetnited. Something more effecinal
I must be June, for on a recent OCCAlli4la the wiled of she Al-
dermen upon the rota for the Loudon Se sinus at Goildhall,
had caused the utmost inconswilieuee, and the sitsfiimanate
pristine's who were 111 he presumed inetwent oiled they
wire foetid guilty, were detained • month longer that, was
necessary in prisms. But the Old Halley, the Justice-
room at Guildhall, and other places %%here it was the
duly of the Aldermen to attend, were slob neglected, and
the Court of Aldermen would not take up the matter them-
olves, but were control to lei it be bronelit into the Coon
of Common Council. This neglect is nut to be met with,
when it was thought expedient by stoney( the Members of
Court to moments certain individuals. It was then easy
eiiiinzh to collect thirteen Aldermen upon • late notice.
The- neglect to which the Meinuried referred was of the most
culpable kind, but the fret was, the evil arose from the eye-
tem. After the Aldermen once passed the highest honour
to which they mold attain, they Incense indifferent sad sank
into apathy. If they were cent hark to their conatitueuta
the 'mil would be certaiu i,f 'caress. if diet/or:nitro of there
unshorn; Wall limns! to seven years they would use a little
cannon. It was indeed to be apprehended that Hie owly
means of remedying the evil effectually Paneled in calling
them to the Court of King's Kenai to auswer a rule why au
Wl...rotation shouldinnt be filial against them. Ile concluded
with moving that the Memorial be referred to a SLleet
Committee. .

Mr. SAVAIIa seconded the motion. He stated the puff:
tub** of the weir, rence al the Sessions, having been anis-
MOM:a VI the Jury.
Mr. Minx boned, that the question would not be made
party one.
Mr. Alderman Wenn declared, that as for himself. he
810441 perfectly car-used for aliceece up the oicasioa
alluded to, MO his brother Aldermen were, in his opinion,
as fire from all imputation. Ile begged to know hunt the
seconder of the metiun, whether all time Livery Were present
upon the occasion
Mr. SAVAGe said, that if they were not press 11, they cer-
tainly would hart been Geed.
Mr. Alderman Wonff—" Then you can't say whether they
were all present or not !"
Mr. .101,0 said, their absence did not alter the case against
the Aldermen.
Mr. Alderman Woos declared, that the rota was most cor-
rectly attended to. There never had necurred a ithtu his know-
ledge, an instance of neglect upon the part of the Aldermen,
apes the regular Ltiedun Sessions. that how did the circum-
stance cum planted of happen .! It was the practice of the Re-
corder to a, air n day for Ilse Sessions at the COlll-10-
Ault of those 21 111 C Old Bailey. It was true Sessions,
summonses
were scut nut, Limit that was nut the ease until the night hi form-.
He devoted all his time to the public. Ile had received no
summons upon this occasion, mid had no notion that the
Sessiona were to be Is, kb With respect to the ex ►taus of
the Aldermen, there were nu Magistrates in time kingdom
who did 11l much. The nudism for a criminal inform., sin
I would, in Ilia opinion, he greeted with much difficulty.
The feet was, the Recorder ought to Ax the adjournment
day at a proper I ime, and thee ov mistake could easily occur.
Mr. FAvyt.L agreed is the eteceseity of iaquiry.
Mr. Jacaa cusuidered the enplane:jou of the worthy
Alderman highly satisfactory. He deprecated the quarr.l
between the Court of Aldermen and the Court of Coninemu
Council; and said, that after all that hod heti' said, the
'barge amounted to a mere accidental omission upon a
siugie day.
Mr. JAMES raid Le could sot help thinking that there
was a strong necessity for ifiquiry.
Mr. Alderman ATKINS said, he never upon any Mein int'
was absent when it was his duty to attend. He routended
that the Recorder could Nut fairly fix a day fur the Ad:snug-u-
-m, London Sessions at an earlier period than he usually
fur 'whorls could tell on what day the Old Bailey Sessions
would terminate. With respect to lIIe idea of referrer; the
Memorial to a Committee, he by nu nurses Owned that
such a penceeslmg would have a proper elh et. He, fur WIC,
wineld certainly refuse to attend such Committee, whatever
respect he might have fur the individuals that composed it.
Mr. Alderman WAITIMAN said, lie was convinces{ that
the question was brutualit forward by men who was influ-
enced by a sense of peddle slaty alone.
Aldtrmais WOOD would not hold up his hand against in-
quiry, but he wished that those other Aldermen who mete
upon tin- lute were present, for he fell convince& that they
would excuse themselves as effectually as he had done.—
Ile condemned the conduct of the Court of Aldermen
apron the question of their proceedings against our of these
brethren mei ordain of the Lively, but he wished to see ell
indiguant freliug on the part of the Commun. Council at an
end.
Mr. OLDHAM shortly replied. He contended {list the
?Niemen' eithir suffered, or might have seffered, from lime
übscoce of the Aldermen; and mul, he had lward nothing
to induce him to withdraw i.e tivaltly his motion.
The mot' 0000 was then carried iu the atfiesnatare, and a
Special Committee was finally appointed to consoler the
same, and repast whether any and what proceedings should
take place in consequence thereof.
Upon the Petitieu of Mr. Thomas Hughlon, the Court
mianimmisly voted use hundred guineas to brut, to he ap.
plied hi his relief its slith 111.41111 C, As Mr. Richard Jump au.{
Mr. Peter Skipper should dunk fit, the 104111 e briog in coo.
sideration of the losses sustained by him in cousequeoce
of
the mob which brake into the house of Mr. Kea, in the
!shinnies, IN LII•Ce111111CT 1816, where lie resoled.
'flee Brimlgliumus Committee presented a Repoli relative to
the liability of the expeuses of the Magistrates of the No
rough being defrayed uut of the Bridgelionse feuds, which
being read, was ordered to be printed.
A Special Committee was appointed to eisasitler the pre-
trial state of the Leedom workhouse, and report their aopt•
own whether any steps cut be takes Cur deieg the saw
away.
