THE BRITI S II PRESS.

LON DON.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBIIt 4, 1822.

We were yesterday led into an error by the
Courier Evening Paper of Monday, in which it
was stated that Earl EsTugast railed on Saturday
from Dover for the Continent. His Lord.hip has
not left England. Yesterday the LORD CHAN-
CELLOR. the Earl of LIVERPOOL, Earl BATHURST,
and Mr. PEEL, had audiences of his MAJESTY.

A messenger arrived at the Foreign Office yeller.
day from the Marquis of LONDONDERRY (late Lord
STEWART) at Vienna.

The Congress which will shortly be opened at
Vienne excites sn increasing degree of interest in
the political circles of Europe as the time of the
meeting approaches. The Emperor of Russia was
to leave his capital on the 16th of last month for
Warsaw, whence he was to proceed to Vienna, and
we read occasiouallyin the various foreign Journals
of the departure of several Ministers from their
respective Courts for the purpose of repairing to the
same scene of deliberation. Our Governmeut has
not been backward in recognising the projected
assembly as the representative of European power,
and Earl BATHURST has been commissioned to ex-
press, upon all subjects of general interest, the sen-
timents and principles of ►he British Cabinet.
A Newburgh Paper which arrived yesterday at
our Office, puts forth an article of intelligence
from " the Russian Froutier," which announces
" that in the approaching Congress important and
very comprehensive measures will be proposed
against the Liberals or Csrbonari in all the coun-
tries of Europe." We cannot doubt that in an
assembly of Kings, or the Representatives of
Kings, a question ses-fraught with deep and anxious
importance to all, as the most effectual means of
upholding their authority without reserve or limit,
would, under any circumstances, occupy a large
shore of their attention ; but there are circum-
stances in the present aspect of public affairs
throughout the world which may well justify n
more than ordinary concern. There is a spirit
stirring throughout the world which teaches the
people every where that governments ought to
exist solely for their good, and that where this
object is obviously neglected, the character of the
government ought to be mortified or changed.
This is a principle of policy far more ancient than
any which would sanctify by usuage alone the ex.
istence of a cruel and capricious despotism ; but,
with a few bright exceptions, it had not influenced
the conduct of nations until within the period of
nor own memory. Of these exceptions England
offers the must remarkable instance, and who can
be so enamoured of despotism es not to acknow-
ledge that it is to the liberal action of a system of
government coinciding with the wishes and the
went' of the people that England owes her career
of glory and prosperity. The people of Europe
every where feel this, and since the close of the re-

iolutionary war, tine Otogress of public bpiaion his
been rapid and decisive. It is easier nuw,in look-
ing at the map of Europe, to point out the coun-
tries which are not blessed by representative go-
vernment., than to specify those where liberal prin-
ciples prevail. The immense extent of the western
hemisphere offers no instance of arbitrary govern-
ment, and it is the march of public opinion such es
this view of the world present., that the Congress of
Vienna proposes to check. It is hard to conjecture
what may be the nature of " die important and
comprelieneive measures" which are to be proposed;
and especially difficult to imagine how the assembled
majesty and wisdom of the Congress may revolve
to carry their measures into effect. The most con-
tumacious of liberals are the present Governments
of Spain and Portugal, and it is probable that if
their
.Majesties, in Congress assembled, could de.
vise any scheme for punishing the offences corn.
mitted in the Peninsula against the sacred principle
of despotic power, they would very gladly embrace it.
The Greeks, fighting tc redeem their hind from the
!pollution of slavery and barbarism, have, we fear,
also committed a ening sin, and as they are some-
what more exposed than the Spaniards and Porto.
guess, it is probable that they may be affected by
the " important and comprehensive measures"
which are about to he adopted. There are Cat bo-
anti in France, Italy, and Germany, to whom, of
course, no mercy will be *hewn ; but we should
have supposed that no resolution of the combined
Monarchs was necessary to render such persons
more odious than they are at present to
their several Governments, or more amenable
to the severity of the laws in the event of
conviction, or even of suspicion. The Go-
vernment of France in proceeding against the
Rochelle conspirators, has evinced a most royal in-
dignation at even the semblance of Carbonarism,
and the several Governments in Germany and Italy
have displayed a kindred spirit. The Radicali of
Manchester, who some time since rolled them-
selves io most rebellious blanket*, were, on the
authority of Viscount CHATE•URRIAND, deeply
tainted with the mysterious tenets of the Carbonari,
and were at that particular juncture united by some
mystic chain with the army of Andalusia. Wise turn
smiled at the extravagance of this fancy, but this did
not deter a writer in a London Ministerial Paper
from pursuing a concert not very dissimilar, and esta-
blishing an union of principles and Interests between
the Carbonari of Naples and the starving banditti
who lately disturbed the south of Ireland ! These
two classes of persons will, therefore, probably not
be overlooked by the Congress iii their review of
the progress of liberal opinions, and they too must
be contemplated in framing the st very comprehen-
sive measures that are to be proposed against the
Carbonari or Liberals in all the countries of
Europe."
It is to be presumed that the several Govern-
ments, in resolving to sanction the ensuing Congress
by sending Representatives to assist at the delibe-
rations, were previously apprised of the particular
topics which are intended to he submitted for con-
sideration, and have, consequently, instructed their
Ministers upon the line of conduct which they are
sevenilly to pursue. We feel a great curiosity
to know what instructions have been given to
our Minister upon the subject of adopting mea-
sures to restrain the prowess of general liberty,
and especially as they may concern the affairs of
Greece. Whatever may have been the triumphs
of the Grecian arms we cannot as yet cease
to tremble for their eventual success. Great Bri-
tain has hitherto shown no hiendship towards
the Greeks, tend Austria has given unequivocal
marks of her hostile disposition. Greece has no
claims upon the sympathies of the Emperor of
AUSTRIA. As the cradle of science, as the favoured
seat of literature and the arts, FRANCIS must, in
consistency of character, hate the very name of the
country, and it must be no less Ilse object of his
terror if lie views it as the present receptacle of li-
beral ideas of. government, which he had com-
manded not to exist. The policy of the British
Government in the affairs of Turkey and Greece
has hitherto been associated with that of the Em-
peror FRANCIS, and we seriously fear that the
calamity has befallen no •of having our character
as a nation in some deg, ce identified in the east with
that of Austria. We seriously apprehend that our
Ministers have not vigour enough to relieve them-
selves from this injurious impression, and that they
are ready to sacrifice Greece to the ferocity of the
Turks, in obedience to the ignorsoce or timidity of
the Emperor FRANCIS.

We have received the Paris Papers of Saturday.
One of them, the Gazette de France, contains en
article which affords ample proof of the favour
which the slave dealers experience in the French
Courts of Justice. Of ten vessels prosecuted at
Goadsloupe in May last fur the contravention of the
prohibitory laws against the slave trade, one only was
condemned, and the rest were acquitted; and these
acquittals have been confirmed by the Special Com-
mission of Appeal of that colony. Of the nine so
acquitted, the Fox and the Roden,. (now the Felix)
have obtained an infamous celebrity in the trade.
Their names frequently occur in the dispatches of
our officers from Sierra Leone. A further appeal.has
however been lodged in the superior Court against
these
been taltrn in perfect sincerity, and that it is not

meant is s mere alley of justice, Instead of a real
effort (co enforce it.

These Papers contain letters from llitoglis, dated
the 31st July, which conir.pdict the statements of
the Arstrian Observer, nod if they could be de.
pended 111/011, would confirm the original accounts
of a great victory having been gained by the ((reek!
at the pass of the Thermopy I.e. They state, " that
on the 8:It of July, DEMI.TRIUS Yr.tILANV, who
had collected a numerous Briny, determined
to take verpgrai•ce fur a reptile which
he had experienced the preceding day. Seler
hundred Greeks, placed at the ectPatice of the
ThertnopylaP, fottglit the whole day to stop the
Turkish army, and to give time to the other Gre.
dim corps to arrive and ',wound it. Two ther-
ssml Greek women, shorn the Archbishop GER-
MANO hail assembled, and hr.pught to the 1(.11!
of the moutitairps with their eltildreit, some of
them not more thso ten tears of age, veiled
down stories during the whole action upon the
Turks. Like another LLONIDAS, the young Boz-
ZARIS, covered with glory and wound,, breathed
his last sigh amidst the cries of Eleasilicria (Ipbert)).
His body was carried to Corinth, attended by ore
thousand Grecism mothers, mid one hundred and
sixty pr,ests, who every hour sung I yams of grati-
tude to the God of Armies. It lb also asserted that
ODVSSFL'S 4:lolfiCtli himself through patriotism.
Like Ins great prototype of old, he joined art to
enterprise, and went over to CitoettSClllD PACRA,
to 'persuade him to pursue the Greeks among the
fastnesses where they had formed ambushes for his
destruction. For this purpose he represented in
the stronge4 colours the divisious svhielt were be-
lieved to prevail amongst the Greeks, rind promised
CIIOURSCIIID both his advice and his support. The
Turkish Commander, however, still doubted hi*
sincerity, and whets he found that defeat was the
result of the advice thus given, he caused
ODYSSEUS to be beheaded, and the guard of •21v0
men whom he had brought wills him, to be tnio-
sacred."

This account, we are sorry to say, appear, in
great want of confirmation. It is noticed in
an article, dated Semlin, the 12,11 August, in the
Allgenseine ZeiiHng,of the 24th, but accompanied
with circumstances that tend rather to its discredit.

Letters from Ititnburgh, of a recent date, men-
tion that the Swedish Government has ark now.
hedged the new Republic of Columbia.—(Ercniag
Paper.)
When GRAYESTON, who betrayed the Spaniards
at Ilerizen-op•Ztmm to Queen ELIZABETH, came to
England to give her MAJESTY an account of his
slicers*, and to claim his reward, the QUEEN gave
him 1,000 crowns, but said to him, at the same time,
" Get you house, that I way know where to find a
thorough-pact d villain."

We understand a correspondence has lately talon
place between Sir STEPHEN MAY and Mr. ARTHUR
CHICHESTER, respecting an anonymous printed
publication, which had been industriously circu-
lated in England, pending the discussion in Par-
Lament on the Marriage Act Amendment Bill, and
which tended to hurt the feelings of Sir S. Mar,
RSA other individuals of his faintly. IVe have eviy
to add, that Mr. A. CHICHESTER, in his reply, (h-
-ided having been privy to, or having authorised the
publication in question.—(Be/last Chronicle.)
THE FUNDS.—There was yesterday very little
doing, null the market continued stationary. Con-
sols were 80! fur the Account, and 801 for Money ;
Reduced, 814; 4 per Cents. 99ff ; New ditto,
99L-:; Long Annuities, 20 15-16 21 ; India Bonito,
48 49 prem.; Exchequer Bills, 57 6 prem. Fo-
reign Se t *es: Oil Spanish, 651 ; New diqr,
63:j: Pt-mai-mt. 891; New ditto, 871; Dairy!,
884!; Nespalitan, 77 771.
On Saturday fortnight, while some of the se'mon
fishers were busy at their occupation on the Clyde,
with one of their nets they caught a large seal op-
posite Mr.SPIEB's house. This animal being con-
sidered a curiosity, and the master having a change-
house in Govan, he determined to take it home, sod
if possible keep it alive in a large tub in one of Ina
rowan. The Peal was accordingly taken home with
care, and consigned to its watery lodging. It wee
about Gulls. weight when taken, and it was so
fat that it moved with difficulty and reluctance; list
as it hiss resolutely refused every sort of fieh that
could be got, and indeed every sort of sustenanet,
it lies now become considerably leaner, and moves
about the room with spirit and activity. It leaves
the cistern frequently during the day, and returns
to it at pleasure. It is already so far domesticated
that it Stein@ to consider the apartment in which it
is confined as its own ; and when ally of the cud°.
mere cull to see it, it views them with a steady eye,
and evinces a determination in defend its aquatic
abode aphis! every invader. One day lately a live
bruize was put into it, and the spectators were
highly amused with the manner in which the wal
swam round after the fish. By dexterous manoeu-
vres it met and unapt at it several times in turning,
and could easily have taken the braise had it here
sa inclined, but after • short pursuit it stretei,
itself and remained motionless at the bottom e' _vie
tub. At sight of a dug it chews every der . "ero-
sion of rage, and apparently conscious or f inabi-
lity to fly, promptly prepares fur a corn' •i.

INGENIOUS THIEF AND HOPEFUL . AMILY.--
James Mackemill, a notorious plckpo•

in the course of his burin a rrmsrL

dissgreeable it was to come in mita
breath iii a crowd, used to chew oil

fined upon a subject to be rubbed, •t

with him, and breathing in his lice,
milking him turn away his head, u
either his pocket, watch, or money. J,

coo/1 died in Edinburgh gaol while un
of death for rubhing the Bank at Glr
the younger brother, was hanged; ant
. .

(w 1; pubbobeii a book c;lleci

of Justice"); was frequently tried fur hi
only sister of these irertlties wa► a llotollol

• et, having,
I how very
with a bed
• us when it
. getting "P
, was sure c,
i il he sio' e
•e.r Mick.
ode •entente
Issgoi..-
1111.1 John,'
The 4/''
iis lire. T e
Cu. th.cf,
\ •

•
,

FASHIONABLE HOE EMENTS.

The Doke e% Riehincod has arrived at his bowie, Good-
Sorwor iso a tour.
• 1••• Coantrs. of Darnlry and family have left
Suniusorpiosr for Malvern Wells, Worcestershire.
The F.arl sod Casuniran of Ehrlmosith hare left their seat,
Sinchretl Hall, Staffordshire, for Scarborough, Yorkshire.
The Dowager Countess of Dirtmouilt has left Sandwell
Hall, on a visit to Lurd and Lady Bagot at their seat, Blithr
held, Staffordshire.
Lady Bsyniug has left towu for her seal, Chislehorst,
Bent.
Sir tt'm and Lady Rowley sod family have left town for
the Irk of W,clit.
Astell, EN. M.P. has left town for his seat, Ever-
tot Brdfordshire.
Mr. soil Mrs. Agar Pais have arrived at their house in
gr:nr•cridens floor rive Continent.
Mr. and Mrs. Ikriag snot family have arrived at their
rest. Ayritt St. Lawrrnce, lieu., front Leamingtou, War-
en kshii e.
Ale. and Mrs. Farm have left Jordau's Hotel, St. James's.
strret, ea a tour.
Arrivals at Thomas i 11010, Berkeley square :—Mr. and
'Miro Garlock (tutu a tour; sad Mrs. Murray and family
from s tour.
hhjor and Mrs. Gillespie have arrived at the Cabling
Howl. Charles street, Grustireme4quare, front a tour. Mr.
sad Mrs. St. Jolts. sad family ea left ditto for J. Egrer
moors seat, Reedatse, Yorksatir:
Mr. sod Mrs. Wm. Gaoling Me' left town for their seat,
Ruebswipton Grove, Bohm

EDINBURGH ARRIVALS AND DEPARTURES

Angt•ma--Lord Vimoneat sod Lady Keith; Sir James
Erikiee, R3ll. Jobn Wrilderburn, Esq.; Asalimay Wright,
Esq.; G Gage, Esq ; Edward Wynyard, Eaq.; Miss Wyo.
yard; Miss Walker; J. C. Harris, EM fussily and party.
Pseasrtmata—Lord lad Lady Grrydyr, and the 11011.
Mien Burrell; the Karl of Rinses'; lord Viscount and
baly ; the Earl of A heritee• ; the Hon. Captain Wm.
Gordon; Sir Gawk, Gordo's, Hart. t Lead Lmsedeck ; Lord
khromurter ; Colima • Wenaysa, of Wesnyas Cmstle ; Captain
James Weeny's. R.N. ALP.; Lieut. Charles Wemym, R N.;
Lady Isabella Weer*, and Mies %Veiny,/ ; CoMuel J E. F.
Elphinston; Colonel W. F. Elphinstun; Colonel Cooper ;
Eolosel Leigh, of Liar, M.P.; Peter Leigh, Eaq. of Kir
naird. and Lady; Miss Leigh; Miss Margaret Leigh; Alias
Nary Isiet; J. N. M'Leaut, Esq. of M'Leud, and Lady;
Sir James Dunbar, Bart.; Colonel Hugh Rose, of Kilravock ;
Major Dunbar, Esst lndis Company's Smelt.; 'Bichsel
Wore. E;q. of Storehouse; Lady and Miss Bruce; Major
Spooner. of Ike Scot. Greys;_Major Grey, of the Scots Greys ;
Major WO4atiarard Richard Gilbert, E.g.; John Gilbert, EN.;
Rebut! B. Wilbraham, Eaq.; E. B. WilMaium, Esq.; John
Hamilton, F.q. and party; the Doke of Bucclencla ; Lord
Juba Scott; Lord and Lady Montag', ; Lady Anne and
Lady Isabella Scott; Hon. Colonel Charles Douglas; Miss
Ellison ; Miss Benson; Warner Phipps, Esq. ; Thomas Bas.
land, &qui Captain Cheshire; --...Cratirtard, Esq. and Mi..
Crawford.

Dn. HERSCHEL.

Err. The Perry Anecdotes)

Dr. flerochel, the erlehraieel astronomer, was originally
%nought up to his father's profession, that of • musician,
lad accompanied a German regiment to &Woad, same of
the baud, performing on the lianihoy. While acting is this
luanslk rapacity in the worth of liagland, • sew organ was
boob for 11w pari.li ehorch of Halifax, by Swain, which
was trimmed with an oratorio by the well-known Jock Bates.
Mr. Hewitt', and six other pentium because candidates for
t lit organist's situation. A day was fled on which each was
to perform in mist ..... ; when Mr. AVaiiiwritht, of Maaches.
ter, ploy' d, his Anger was so rapid that old Saclike, the organ
builder, rat) ::hunt the church, exclaiming, "He rue user
de key like one cat ; he will not give may pipes time to
trek."

During Mr. Wainwright's performance. Dr. biller. the
Multi of Ilersehr I, inquired of him what closure be had of
fullusing him' .` I doter know," said Herschel," but I
am sure fingers will nut du." When it came to his turn
Hers het ascended the °rota loft, and produced so uncom-
mon a richness, stir ti a volume of slow harmony, as astonish-
ed el preseot ; and after this exiesiporeseous effusion he
hushed with the old hundredth Psalm, which he played
'mit thou leis orpiment. " Aye, aye," cries old Snetzler,
oh is arty g wit, very soot infect; I will luf his man, he
•ny rip. s mum for to speak."
h. hi I brittle asked by what mese. he produced so
atoms. •so Wirt, replied, .' I told you fingers would
sot do;' 4 produring two pieces of .lead from his waist.
coat putt,. •411, " one of these I laid oo the lowest key of
the enui, s. he oilier upon the octave above ; and thus,
by accommod... • the harmony, I produced the effect of
four hoods two." This superiority of skill oh-
Wised Henri's! tb. 'walks; but he had other and higher
objects is view, to n. keg to retain it.

The following Nub, • ••n and Gentlemen are
about to partake or the k •of Fifes hospitality,
at his beautiful ,hooting semi .h. forest ofshlar
The Marquis of Unbars, bort. ..;lcha,
Lord Bernferil, Sir Witham Elliot, . . t., Sir Jobs Berea-
turd, Bari., sod the Hoe. General Duff.

Lord sod Lad, GWYDTIt 00 Si 4sy lust sr-
lun, Stir'. on their
iu Drummond L.

-, -
On Tuesday no fee than five Pet , passed
through Forfdr for the N.. namely, Lor.. A EIF.It
num, Lord GOWER. L. '‘ STRATIDAVEN, Lord
ABOTNE. and Lord SaLto t.
On Thursday the Karp of BUTZ an. Ilia
brother. Lord JAIIMI STOMILT, arrived at the t
mercial Hotel, Waterford, liouEngland, by Il-
ford, and immediately proceed, on their wi to
DIOIDaDa Castle.
It is said in the fashionable circles of
marriage is OD the lapis bets/ten Pulite rune,
Esq. eldest son of rho Hon. Pamir Puny, and
Lady nEaIIBIT, daughter of the Earl of CAR.
MARTON.

Mr. JOHN KENN.' is going to quit his Helvetic
hermitage on r blinrt expedition to Italy. The
lest reports repr.sent him to be in good health.
Mrs. SIDDONS it at present enjoying compara-
tive retirement with Kood health at Malvern, having
resisted invitations from numerous private friends.
The veteran dramatist RITNOLDS has presented
a lies comedy to Drury-lane Theatre, of winch
Mr. KEAN is to be the hero.
„Mr. Dowvon is expected to pin the Covent-
Garden Company in the ensuing season.
M. ALEXANDRE, the celebrated Vestri!rapist,
had the honour of performing before the Duchess
of KENT and the Princesses VireToys and Feu.
nos, at the residence of her Royal Higher's, at
Ilarstgate, on Monday, the 26th la.t. Her Royal
Ilight ew was pleiffied, iu the most glorious manner,
attest her admiration of his inimitable talent, in
notice in her own hinal.writing, inverted in his
IA of recolowndlition.

•
1
V
rr
),
,
).)
th
is
es
so
ut
at
•er
es
es
n•
eti
it
tic
Y.
!al
U
,k
ra
b
!f
IS
of
r •
1.
