REPEAL OF THE CORN LAWS.

Yesterday forenoon a Vestry Meeting or the inhabitants of ZAM.
beth was held at the Vr,try.hall, for the purpose of taking into
consideration the expediency of petitioning the Honourable Houses
of Parliament, for a repeal of the duties affming the importation of
foreign grain into this country.
The Rev. Dr. D'Ogt.gy, the Radar, declined taking the chair,
on the gronnd of not being sufficiently conversant with the question
to offer an opinion.
111 r. VAUGHAN, one of the churchwardens, was consequently
voted to the chair, and opened the business by remarking on the
very general importance of the question then offered for their dia.
euesion, as it affected the real interests of the classes of society
generally.
Mr. FALL proposed the first Resolution.
Mr. CANNON moved a Resolution for the fixing of a fair pro.
teeting duty instead or the Art of Parliament, which measure he
contended wonld so completely replete the supply of foreign corn
in the markets as to prevent their being depressed, and would re.
move the attendant high price in the event of scarcity.
Captain Tucx, Mr. BAINIRIDOZ, and Mr. Coos, also ad-
dressed the Meeting no the propriety of petitioning the Houses of
Parliament, and trasted the Act of which they complained would
be removed.

Several Resolutions were then proposed, and carried 11111L01.
mously, upon which
Mr. FALL very forcibly alluded to the enlightened measures of
the Ministry, and moved the following Resolution :
That in the opinion of this Meeting, the enlightened measures
of his Majesty's Go►ernment are already dissipating our prejudices
of corporeal slavery to the African, and of mental intolerance
among ourselves, in such a degree as leads to the hope that, in this
flood tide of liberality and prosl•erity, each man will find in his
fellow-man a brother. (Cheers.)
This Resolution seemed to be the handle to excite discord in the
Meeting, which was highly respectable, but vet y select.
A Gentleman rose, and said, as an introduction might be noes_
vary, he world introduce himself as the Honorary Secretary to a
Society for Bettering the Condition of the Poor in Ireland, which
had existed, or as we understood him, was once about to be formed.
Ile begged moat decidedly to oppose the Resolution, from a firm
conviction that it was suhversise of the principles of the British
Constitution to concede one iota to the Catholics. (Laughter.)
Mr. FALL, Captain TUCK, and other Gentlemen. gave their
opinion that the claims of the Catholic were just, and so danger
was to be apprehended from granting them.
The Resolutions and Petition were carried; and after a vote of
thanks to the Chairman, the Meeting dissolved.

Ma. SAVARY.—We yesterday stated, that • respite had
been granted to Mr. Savary. The Bristol Gazette of
Thursday contains the following letter from Mr. Secretary
Peel, announcing the circumstance, and which was received
that morning by J. Gardner and C. L. Walker, Esqrs.
Sheriak of that city.
"Whitehall. April 20, 1025.
"GENTLtxrx,—l am to signify to you the King's commands,
that the execution of the sentence of death passed upon Henry
&wary, now in the gaol of Bristol, be respited until further signi-
fication of his Majesty's pleasure.
" I am, Gentlemen, your most obedient servant,
" ROZEZT PEEL.
" To the Sheriffs of Bristol."

Eft is understood that Mr. Savary will be transported
for life.]
CAT MANIA.—The recent death of a woman, who, a
short time previously, had been bitten by a cat, in a house
near the upper end of Deal-stroet, created an alarm in the
mind of the old lady (not a maiden lady) who was the
patroness of the said cat ; and, although it did not appear
that the death of the woman was caused by the said bite,
the risibility thereof led to a consideration of the circum-
stances, in relation to the numerous feline inmates of the
house. After due deliberation it was deemed desirable to
call in the assistance of the peace-officers, not only to pre-
vent the said outrageous Grimalkin from doing further
mischief, but also to guard against the extension of the ma-
lady, which might have been communicated to the others;
and, in consequence, the constables proceeded to their duty,
and, after an arduous encounter, succeeded in killing and
bagging eleven out of seventeen cats, which they found in
' the upper rooms of the house, where they had, perhaps,
la en born and bred. The perturbation of the lady patroness,
during the operation, may he more easily imagined than it
can be described.—Lirerpeni Paper.
One of our Northern Correspondents is anxious to know
if the Commanding Officer of a Regiment can, of his own
mere whim, take from off the breast-plates of his Officers
the badges which his Majesty was graciously pleased to
grant a regiment for gallant conduct in the field? lie
adds, that this has been done in a corps now quartered
, in Ulster !—Dablin Freeman's Journal.
