Ln-
ed
of
on

by
51,

an-
eve
lug

be must now regret them himself most unfeignedly. h is'
rather hard to have years of high and honourable service
thrown into the shade by a statement of this description—
to have the well-earned laurels of a gallant and devoted
seaman torn from his brow, and soiled by a dark and un-
seen hand. We do not attempt to say that the naval or
military historian has not a right, in detailing the contests
or the country of which he is the annalist, to state facts
as they rally were, and to snake any just comments upon
them; but he should take care to ascertain that what he
states has not a breath of doubt or suspicion resting upon
it, before he calls up a sir.glc dark or mysterious circum-
stance, to blast the hitherto unimpeached character of a
gallant officer, whose life hail been devoted to ear service
of his country. It is easy for those removed from the
troubled scale of strife, and looking calmly on at a safe
distance, to espy faults and OThiniollll in the career of the
distinguished officers to whom the conduct of a war is
entrusted, and coolly decide w!:at a campaign, or a nsvil
manoeuvre or battle, should have been, by a dash of the
p,n. This is at least a very safe mode of warfare : how
far it is a just or honourable one is a different question.
l'oor Sir George (oilier, who had escaped so many bul-
lets, and survived even an African climate, sunk under
this last blow. The details of his closing hours, and the
nicture they give of his agonized feelings, can scarcely
he read with a dry eye. ‘Vhat must be the feelings of
his wife, his brother, and his friends? His death forms
a tale of most melancholy interest, and will not be soon
forgotten.

WI NPSOR, FRIDAY, MARCH es.—His Majesty took an
airing this day in his carriage to the Lodge, to inspect
the improvements, Ike. that are making there, and returned
to the Castle to dinner.
Lord Giffin-0, we understand, takys the Rolls on the
death of Sir Thomas Plumer ; and the ;.ttornev-Gt neva
the Chief Justiceship of the Common Pleas. We have
heard Mr. Wetherell is named for the situation of Attorney-
General, and Mr. Tindall to fill his place as Solicitor-Ge-
neral, but nothing definitive respecting either has, we
believe, vet been arranged.
The alarming ~ Biwa of the lion. W. F. Elphinstcne
gives too much ries in to fear that another vacancy will
soon occur in the direction of the East India Company.—
Evenin4, rept r •
Admiral Sir .131111 C. Saumarcz is appointed Commander
in Chief at Plymouth, in the room of the Honourable Sir
Alexander Cochrane, whose period of service is expired.
Tits BAxs.—At the half-yearly Court of the Bank
Proprietors, it will be recollectei that Mr. Gundry pro-
pos:el, as an amendment, that the half-year's divilleml
should be five, instead of four per cent. as originally pro-
posed by the Court of Directors. Upon this amendment
a ballot was demanded, whit!: took place on Thursday, and
at the close the numbers were announcer) as follow :
For the Original Motion for a Dividend of 4 per cent. . . 209
For the Amendment of a Dividend of 3 per cent. . . . 35

Majority for the Original 3lotion . . 170
The Dividend of 4 per cent. was of course declared to be
carried.

By an express from Paris we learn, that the arrange-
ment for reducing the French Five per Cents. to Three per
Cents. has been completed between the French Government
and Messrs. Baring, Rothschild, and Lafitte, who have
undertaken this east project. Tile amount is three thou-
sand three lomilreil millions of francs (upwards of one
huntind ..ntl thirty millions sterling). It appears that no
proj;ct is too gigantic for these enterprising Gentlemen, and
that the fabled riches of Golconda must yield to the real
wealth of Great Britain--since there is scarcely a State,
either in the Oid or New World, that has not had recourse
to this country for pecuniary assistance.—Yiur.
Since Mr. Ilurtado's arrival in this country, he has, we
learn, prudently abstained from saying anything ti those
who have waited upon him on the subject of the Colom-
. bian Lean ; and it is expected that he will not make his
communication, which will be open and public, fur four
or five days.

PETITION ♦GAINST THE RENEWAL OE THE ALIEN
Acv.—The following requisition for a Court of Common
Council, to petition against the renewal of the Alien Act,
is handing about among the members of the Corporation.
It has alriwily received numerous signatures, and will be
presented to the Lord Mayor, either this day or on
Monday :
H 'e, the undersigned Members of the Court of Common
Council, request your Lordship to call a Special Court of Common
Council on an early day, to consider the propriety of petitionirg I
Parliament against the renewal of an Act, first passed in the Edith
year of the reign of his late Majesty, for a temporary purpose,
commonly culled the Alien Act. as being inconsistent with the
liberal commercial policy to which the tiorernment has pledged
itself, repugnant to the wishes of the people, to the free spirit of
our Constitution, and to the best interests of our country ; and only
calculatel to aid the designs of foreign Potentates against the rights
of Lank ir.d.

•• To the Right lion. the Lord Mayor, &c."
COLOMOIA.—The following is an extract from a letter
dated Caracas, Feb. 8, 1821:—" We enjoy throughout all
the Republic the most perfect tranquillity, and it is incre-
dible how much influence our beneficent system has had
in promoting the prosperity and happiness of the people,
notwithstanding the sacrifices which the struggle in which
we are engaged has and still does require. This city has
gained FO much by being occupied by the armies of the
Republic, that it has changed the poverty in which the
Spaniards kept it for comparative opulence. The beha-
viour of the military is exemplary. I have not seen one
punished for the eighteen months I have been here. The
President, General Boliva►, has composed all the internal
differences among the Peruvians, and we expect instant
news of great SUCCVSSCS in that country, since, besides the
6,000 Co!ombians, 3,000 Chilians had set out for Pent.

I hope, therefore, the ship Asia, and the two frigates which
were to sail front Uccliz, will arrive too late."
The New Steam Navigation Company is rather a favour-
ite, and we understand that shares to the desired amount
have been written for. A new Insurance ('ompany (the
Minerva) will, it is said, apply to Parliament this evening
for an Act of Incorpoitstion. Such is the rumour of the
Stock Exchange. Aincmgst the many schemes which the
success of the Alliance shares has brought into the market,
we yesterday noticed the prospectus of a Philanthropic
Loan Bank, on the plan of the French Mont de Piete.
The prospectus states, that money is to be lent at one half
the rate of interest charged by the pawnbrokers.
The late Sir Thos. Maitland's will was proved in the
Prerogative Court in Doctors' Commons en the 18th inst.,
by the Right lion. James Earl of Lauderdale, the brother,
site of the executors, the Right lion. Lord Viscount Mait-
land and the Hon. Anthony Maitland, de nephews, the
other executors not tying at present undertaken the trust.
The personals within the province of Canterbury are sworn
under 30,0001. Five thousand pounds ate bequeathed to
the testator's sister, Lady Jane Ilouston, and five thou-
sand pounds to the children of Colonel Etlwaes ; with the
exception of these two sums, everything is left to the Earl
of Lauderdale, the residuary legatee. The will is dated
the Sth August, 1823.
Yesterday morning the new church of St. George's,
Camberwell, was consecrated by the Right Rev. Dr. George
'redline Lord Bishop of Winchester. The ceremony
commenced at eleven o'clock, with the usual formalities, in
the presence of many respectable persons. The attendance
of the parishioners was partial, owing to a sort of interdict,
the shape of a circular, intimating that those persons
only would be admitted to witness the ceremony, who had
taken seats in the church, and paid up their sshicriptions
rrevicw/y. The intasure was viewed with much dissatis-
faction by many respectable inhabitants, who, having al-
Indy paid up two years' rate, objected to being dragooned
into further expense against their will, and consider them-
'elves sent to Coventry on the occasion.
ASSOCIATION TO PREVENT POT STEALlNG.—Yester-
lay a numerous and respectable Meeting of the Licensed
Victuallers of Lambeth took place at the Canterbury
Arms, near the Marsh-gate, at which an Association was
famed to prevent Pot Stealing, an offence which has
reached so alarming a height that some of the residents iii
Lambeth have actually lost by such robberies to the
amount of .SOl a-year. After some discussion, it was re-
isised that a reward of 21. should been given by the So-
'let! to anx.person apprehending a pot stealer, at the time
tif sucsubscr i pptih aehension, Slid 31. on conviction of the offender.
A pr
en on wasentered into i n aid of the objects of the
wootiation.
Captain Parry's &coati Voyage will be published this
morning.

FOREIGN IKTFEI.IGENCE.

FRENCH( PAPERS.

Yesterday we received the journals of Wednesday. with
the Eluile of Thursday's date. The following are cx-
tracts :

I From the Eioik.l
CHAMBER OF DEPL"fIE.4.--S11"FINO OF MARCH 24.

_ ; ......—..
At half-past twelve M. Chilhaud de la Rigandie, the President
by seniority, took the chair.
Immediately a crowd of Deputies entered the Hall. In a few
mintitts the benches of the extreme right were filled ; there was a
rush towards them. The first bench is occupied by Messrs. Rit, ;
Syrievs. Harinhac de :ranoilx.
Theright centre is tilled at the same time. We remarked MM. i
Rare:. Crignon d'Ausouer, de 31urtignae. A little group of eight
Deputies, unier the conduct of M. de Bois Clereau, took their
places in the left centre. On the extremity of the first bench of
this part of the Hall sat M. Devitt:, member of the faction qf the
siste.-H.
A detachment from the right went to fix themselves on the first
bowls of the extreme left. where we perceived MM. de Cmtvlbaiac,
de Legardiere, dc Bois Vestrand, de Rojez, de Houyille, and de •
Rlangy.

A few minutes after M. Benjamin Constant arrived throuxh the
Hall of the lkinferences; he went towards the left, and seemed
surprised to find there the Members whom we have named. 31.
Devaux asks him to place himself by his side • 31. Constant de.
dines, and takes his seat the fourth benches of the extreme left.
Several yokes were heard pretty loudly to cry, •• We must thrust
them back on the mit/dab:fa. —(lf first les refintkr star la mon-
Sugar. ) 31. 11. (unstant went hastily to take a place by the aids
of H. de Thiars.

The only hu;iness done was the formation of Provisional Barcaux
by lot.—Adjourned.

[From the Cintslitetimme/.1

PAnts. MARC!! 23.
It was reported at Bordeaux, that the .52t1 regiment of the line
was to be embarked for where it is destitad to replace an.
other regiment.
Intelligence from Bayonne states, that there i. great activity in
the arsettal an well as in the dock.. Within a few days three ves-
sels have been launched. Four !Ninth-Webs and three schooners are
about to be set upon the stocks.

MAnmsn, 31Auc 11.

(EXTr• 'T or A PRTVATE LETTER.)
A change in the ministry is move spoken of than ever ; but In
the present ative of things the Ministry can hardly be any thing
else but the office of the clerks of the Camarillo, and especially of
M. Ugarte.
The Gazette contains several decrees of the King, the last of
which indicates, since his Majesty's return, the desire of putting
as endito the misiortunes and persecutions to which the Constitu-
tional troops are exposed. By the list article, his Catholic Slajesty
orders the disbanding the depots of prisoners and deserters, which
had been formed in conformity to the orders of the Regency. The
2d article prescribes that the individuals, of all classes, who were
in the said depots, he at liberty to retire whenever they please, ex-
cept to Madrid and the Royal residences. The 3d article authorise'
the Captain-Generals to deliver to them passports, allowances, and
luggage, until they get to their destination. According to the 4th
article, ;hey are bound to proceed directly to the residence which
they will have chosen. Agreeably to the Sth article, when once ar-
rived they shall receive half of their pay, from the rank of General
to that of Captain inclusively. The subalterns shall receive only
two-thirds of their pay.
[Front the Courricr Francais.]

Pwars. Mmicn_ll.

A rumour had been circulated in Catalonia, that the French
troops were to withdraw from Spain on the Ist of July next. But
the Baron de Sermet, War Commissary, attached to the division
of Catalonia, has caused bills to be posted up, containing proposi.
lions for supplying the French troops with pulse, rice, salt, wine,
&c., during the last nine months of 1824.
VIENNA, MARCH 13.
The determination of the Emperor foe putting oil till next
September the journey which his 3lajesty intended to take in the
coarsen( March in his Italian States, is ascribed to political motives
of the highest importance. M. the .Ibbe Ostini, sent by the Pope
Leo XII. in the quality of Nuncio, has just arrived in this city. I
The public Stocks are always upon the rise. To.rby, the Metallic*
have been quoted at 93 I ; and Bank Shares at 1,014 1-10.
LEGHORN, MARCH 11.
By the last accounts from Algiers, twelve Spanish prises hail
been carried into that port ; and not satisfied with conimitting de.
predations on the high seas, the AlAerines had landed during the
night on the coast of Valencia, whence they had carnal into
slavery 47 individuals, men, women, and children.
Since the entrance to the Gulph of Salonichi is open, accounts
from that city have reached us. Ibrahim Pacha, who commands
there now, protects the French, Italian, and Austrian strangers;
hut it appears that he is not favourably disposed towards the
English, with whom he has had some discussions. The Pacha has
also caused the Greeks, whom his predecessor bad heaped in the
dungeons of Salonichi, to be released.
The Greeks continue to land troops on the western coasts ofl
Thessaly, as well as abundant supplies of arms and warlike stores.
The inhabitants of those regions are entirely devoted to the cause
of the Greeks, and successively all of them will be supplied with,
arms.

The account already given, respecting the destruction of a con-
siderable body of Turks, which was warehjpg to the avaat-
saes of Lepanto, by a division-of the* army of Maurocordato, is
fully confirmed. The engagement took place in the vicinity of
Salons. Constantine nor:saris, who had entered Epirus, entermins
the hopes of getting possession shortly of Arta mid I'revesa. No
intelligence has been received respecting the surrender of Patras to
general Colocotroni but it is koown that the Turkish Commander
has offered to capitulate.
[From Guligmanes Messeriger of Wednesday.]

PARIS, 51•ftcn 24.
According to a letter from Rome of the Bth instant, the Marquis
of Hastings was upon the point of his departure for Malta.
Extract of a private letter from Madrid. dated the 12th instant :
The Marquis de Campo Sangrado has set out for Barcelona, by
way of Valencia. We are assured that the Government has jast
addressed to the Baron Emirs a severe reprimand, for the knowing
reasons:—ist. That he has not yet disbanded the army, notwith-
standing repeated orders of the Government-2d. That lie has not
caused all the Civil Authorities to enter into Barcelona—.td. That
he did not set out for Madrid as soon as he received orders to that
effect. The two former reasons appear plausible; es to the third,
it is well known that the Baron prepared to depart immediately ; it
is true, however, that the packing up his effects lasted a fortnight.
STOCK EICIIANGR, MARCIE 23—S o'Cr.ocx.—The market
has been yen active to-day, but a rumour of the reduction of the
interest of the five per cents. occasioned a rapid fall in the price of
Stocks, and a report of a new loan upon ativantegeous terms after-
wards wave a favourable impulse to the market, and the price of
Stocks in son:2 degree recovered.
3lxacit 24.—French closed at 102 f. 25c. French Scrip 15f.
Neapolitan, 98i. Spanish, 22. Bank Stock, 18.50. Exchange,
one month, 25t. 60c; Ditto, three months, 25f. 35c.

THE Baa AT CALCUTTA.—It having been stated in some
of the daily newspapers, that the Chief Justice at Calcutta
had declared his intention not to admit any more barristers
until the number was reduced to one less than the taxed
standard, we give, for the information of our legal readers,
the state of the liar, as ascertained by the latest arrivals
from Calcutta. Mr. Ferguson, the Provisional Advocate-
General of Calcutta, was to leave it the first week in Oc-
tober, and proceed overland towards England. The At-
torneys of Calcutta voted him a piece of gold plate,
valued at 3,000 sicca rurees, and a dinner. The Bar
voted him a piece of silver plate, valued 2,300 aicca ru-
Fwes, and a dinner. Mr. Compton, the Advocate-General
of Madras, was appointed Provisional Advocate-General at
Calcutta, and a ship was sent for him. If this appoint-
*tient should not be confirmed at home, Mr. Compton
would not return to Madras, but continue as a banister at
Calcutta, Madras not agreeing with his health. (Mr.
Pearson has been appointed Advocate-General ; but this
of course was nut known at Calcutta.) There were eight
banisters at Calcutta:—Ferguson, Wheatley, Money,
Morrell, Turton, O'Dowdal, Clarke, and Pemberton ; so
that, should Compton's appointment not be confirmed,
they would have nine banisters, and sixty-four attorneys.
about twenty of whom contrive to live, and the others
hire themselves out as clerks to their richer brethren. There
are not more than four barristers who can maintain them-
selves by their profession.
SAFETY MASK.—A correspondent in the Merhaniri
111:9,mLine proposes the following safety mask :—The nu-
merous and fatal accidents arising from
•air in wells
&c. and the snore gradually destructive effects of the,
noxious particles inhaled by the workmen in white-lead, 1
cotton, needle, and various other manufactories, make it
extremely desirable that some means of protection from
them should be devised. Permit me to recommend the
use of a simmge mask while at work. Sponges, we know,
have been us,tl for filtering water, and why not also for'
filtering air ? Choose, for example, a sound sponge, suf-
ficiently large to cover the lower part of the face, say, the
nose and mouth ; scoop it with a sharp knife into a concave
form, care being taken not to cut it too thin; then bind it
on the edge with broad tape, and attach two pieces of tape
or ribbon, by means of which it may be tied on to the back
of the head. A mask of this sort has, in fact, been used,
and a person with it on has been known to stay in a most
foul cess-pool for a considerable time, without recoiving
the least injury, while a crust of poisonous particles ad-
hered to the outside of the mask, which, if inhaled. would
have destroyed him perhaps instantly. The mask, after
having been once used, should be carefully cleaned and
washed, and when about to be put on again, a little vinegar
should be squeezed through it, to correct the effect of any
noxious particles that may have been lurking in its in-
terstices.
