MOUSE OF COMMONS, Tuussumr, Just 24.

'he Sesames. wok the Chair at a quarter befOre four, and hu-
t, &lately recenilla to the Have of Lords, to hear the Royal
gives to severabßilla (kr which see Lords' report).
.BEER RILL
. .

Mr. H. DAVIS peseented a petition from the brewers of Brie.
to: against the Beer on the table.
b.r J. YORKE presented • .petition from 7amen Denny, as
mammy, preying .for alteration in the laws relating to friendly
isoieties—Laid on the table.
hit. HUME brought •up the report of the Committee on the
bounding Orden relative to private Bills.
is J. NEWPORT presented a petition, signed by 2SO per-
-164101, Roman Catholics, of the county end city of IV•terfoed, petay-
ile to be relieved from their diequalitications. Tl.e Hon. -Gentle.
Lou Aliened, that no one could doubt the statement contained is
tie petition, that the disqualifications under which the
laboured produad insolence on the une hand, and resentment en
ite other. /rho petitions.= therefore prayed the House to restowe
Ouse erds. He considered the subject and the petition is wiry
we eon*/ the attention of the House—Leid on the tab* gad
ordered to be plated._--

NEGRO SLAVERY.
Mr. C. PEidiAM presented a petition from Whitchurdt, pap-
i.kg for the abolition of negro slavery.—lm'el on the tattle.
Sit H. PA/MEIJI. mid, that the lien. Gentleman oppedhe
t Wallies bad given an understanding that the English and,
/-1,0 money should be assimilated. He hoped he would be pre.
"anal eis do anneal Scotian.
Mr. WA LEIS said he was *ware of the importance of the mea-
sure. and hhopsd that during next ii4:11114.141 suinethinit would be done.
Mr. BROUGHAM moved for a return of the diflerent persists
!soloing corporate boroughs in Inland. Ile hoped there would be
cm objection to granting it against next Session.
.111-. tH /111.11 U It N said be etas 1101 dieputed to *coalesce at the
present moment.
Sir J. NEWPORT said, that-if it were not done now a con:ti-
de:able delay would take place next Session. lle could not see the
• ishglitest objection to the nieroone.
Mr. fiItATTAN hoped the motion would be pressed by the
Ilia. Gentleman (3lr. Brougham).
M r. BR 01711 II AM could not see any objection to the granting
of the returo. should then press his motion.
Mr. G1)IlliBUI4N was not prepared fur 11w motion, and was
iers•tl there would be some difficulty in granting the return.
The motion waa negatived without a division.
IHORSk M ()N IiER - LA N E I;AOL.
CAPTAIN (Et:AliliAtillAN.
Mr. HORHOCSE said. that be should beg to call the inter-
im. of the house fo she petition he was about to present. It came
from the whole el the debtors who were confined In the Surrey
gaol ; and it complained that unnecessary xesteictions were placed
over them by the Magistrates of the Sum, district. It was nit.
portant Gm him to mention, that the Act of the 4th elm. IV. called
the Gaol Act, laid down rules which, to say the hoist of them,
were exteeniely undefined. Ile thought the House should take
the earliest opportunity to amend that Act, and render it mare
ditiicolt to be abused than it at present was. By sec. 12 and
see 41 of the Act to which he alluded, a power of restriction
was given to the Magistrates, which would enable them to gn
any lengths. The Justices of the Peace were empowered to
;mike what rules they pleased, and if they were to say that each
jwisoner daily should have but one ounce of bread, no greeter
quantity could be allowed them. For many of the Surrey 31a-
gisirates he had a high respect, particularly for one Honourable
Motility who 01011 rate below him (Mr. Benham), and he be.
!noted they would not willingly be guilty of opprosion ; but
after the Act that hail so lately attracted potilie atttentiim, he
treint the imprisonment of Captain O'Callaghan, it be-
hoved the !louse, in his opinion, to look narrowly into all
that emanated time that Bench. The Act of Parliament a
whets he had spoken says, that, except on Sundays, the friends
of tile prisoners should be tdlowett to visit than only fur (me
hour each day, via. (Mull eleven until twelve. Now, it often hap.
axolotl that many of those friends came from a long distance, and if
-tiny chanced to arrive late, it was inspemible fur them to me the
primmer' or to give them food until the middle of the next day : so
that, mikes they took the gaol allowance, breast and water, they
must remain tier 24 hours without food. The Act declares that, to
prevent extravagance and luxury, the prisoners shall only be given
brad and water. But this was a cruelty from which the very gaoler
conceived himself at liberty to depart. and allowed each of them a
pint of porter a day. No hinter was permitted to dwell within
the walls of the prison ; no turnkey was allowed to fetch for a pri.
saner, who wanted it, and was Will;lng to purchase it, a morsel of
bread and cheese; nothing but bread and water could he be suf.
feted to touch; and on one onasion he (Mr. llobhouso had been
etfarond that a piece of bread bail been taken from the hand of a
little girl, elm was in the art of giving it to her mother. The
petiootirma!sormiplaineel that no visitor was allowed to be within
the gaol at Ire sichint in the tenting. The !louse should recut.
Ira that the friends of the prisoners were of the poorer classes,
tradesmen, who could not have their labour at so early an hour;
and thus law yen also were debarred from visiting their clients,
Penalise of the business occupying the whole slay. Intercourse,
therefore, between the prisoners and their friends was denied at the
owe when it 'v most wanted. In ill.: king's Bench prison no
such regolatious hal ever existed, either as to visitors or
Met. Another esimphont of the petitioners was, that they were shut
1.9 isi their wards at six o'clock in the evening, at the very time
• Soo, in the sunnier season. air and exercise was ;mot wanted ;
r urn were prevertisl noel the etijoyttietit of those blessings, and
t tio in a place where all the day lung the sun was scorching.
et the persons whit were thus monde 10 Midi& were nutting more
ram deloom—persons w-hum the law considered guilty of no
rnme. The 'layer of the petitioners was, that the House world
oast this Heal which gave to the Magistrates 'loch an an-
-1 mired power. It was his strong opinion, notwithstanding hh be.
1 -4 that the Magistrates did not intend to be oppressive, that the
Poise shoold he especially omelet to fake from them the ability to
1 e our. Ile hail blared the ieresemation .the petition until het
so '
ths Right II onoarabie the Secretary set State kw the Hume
Department in his place. He now hoped that lion Getultanan
vowel tate the case into hi• consillemtion, end conceive it inven-
t •-e to leak into the slate of the prisoners of the gaol of Storey.
Nr nelotred the Magistrates hail in soine degree deprived them-
• iron of the power to remedy the evils complained of, for when
limy were applied to in the tamed Captsiu 0 Callaghan. —a ease of
L I .rit injustice an he had ewer Muni of, their answer hal beer,—
• We cannot take it out of the hands oh' the I'isitiog Magistrates."
4.irti treatment as that of which the petitioners complained, was
p,cultor to the Humemunger.lene Gaol ; it was net the ease in the
g's llrncts. io the Fleet prison, the Maretudera, or in any ether.
Pe hoped the Right Honourable Gentlemati t3lr. reel) would re-
e.orimerel to the Visiting 3legistrates, if he Itid power to do no
t me. that some &Potation should take place in the 1111:e111. /le
wei.ld now move that the peteion he brought up.
lie. DENISON agreel with the Honourable Gentleman (Mr,
It inhaler) is Remy of the olisercations that had fallen from ho ;
• returned knit his best thantis for the compliment which be lad

rid him as a MagleteM• et Stoney. Ile (Mr. Deakin thought
that the el dbutica, like all other men, were 'some
dims in owe. owl that die, lad 'been on in the ease of Mr.
OVealsibrhlrat sill it was his eninion that Mere was not in this
evarstrg amen olhetive energetic Lindy of men. He thought
the contifialnts et the petitioners had 'been directed totrards the
smog quarter; thee they eheild none been preferred against the
law, and not ageism the Visiting Magistrates. Ile agreed with
die Honourable (Indorses (111t.illifbhottse). in allowing a great
difference between the (amend the debtor, and that they ought to
he treate
rrey Gd differently. There Were two points in the disciplined
the Suaol, to which 'he wished to call the attention of the
House, and which he was 1131X1001 to have altered :—First, as to
the time allowed to the prisoner to procure fond, which should be
extended from one hour to two or thrte ; and sl,o), as to the
visits dr friends;whicti he thought should he tour hours in summer,
and six in winter. With respect to the case of Mr. O'Callaghan,
he would first observe, that be had never read the trial, and knew
nnthlng of any of the parties. Hut when the particulars connected
with the aftkir came to his knowledge, he immediately went to the
gaol, and told the gaoler that if Captain O'Callaghan wished to
have fond, balks, to newspapers, to let him have them. And as
he understood that he had made complaints relative to the double
grating, which he said prevented his communication with his
friend's, he had ordered it to be removed. But with respect to
wine, the law was express on that point, anti prevented I' from
iallowitigit. With regard to the trial, lie would merely observe,
that his Noble Friend (lewd Eastmw) who prodded, and passel the
*entente, and than whom no man had more humanity nor more
discretion, never thought that the prisoner would have been treated
es'he had been. He (Mr. Denison) hoped that lifer what had
been stated of the case of Captain O'Callaghan, the !light lion.
Bentlemari (Mr. Peel) would take it into his consideration, and
extend mercy inwards him ; that he would lay the case before his
3laieety, for the purpose of having the remainder of his
'tient remitted. Ile (3lr. Iknietn) thought that Captoin O'Cal.
lagnan had been lead into a great error in consequence of his con.
viction of ties immerses.; and certainly lie received a gran
insult. (le ought to have brought_ the subject before the ('ourt of
King's Bench, and then If he had been sentenced, every indul.
gence would rare been slimed him. But being convicted before
theetnerter Sessions. no power was left—no will but to imprison
him. The Surrey prison was not intended for peewee of his de.
~cription, it wee for the lower orders ; and it was therefore impos-
sible that he could have been treated better than he was under the
laws lay which it was governed.
Mr. WIAIIKRLir said, that as a Surrey Magistrate, he con-
ceived himself bound to say a few worth' on the subject then be-
fore the House, although his observations would be very limited.
Ile agreed with the Honourable Member who had last spoken, that
the complaint of the petitioners ought to be directed against
the law rather than against the Magistrates who executed it--
lf the visiting Magistrate; had thought proper to treat Mr. ()'Cal.
laghan in the manner that had been described, it was but fair to
snake a distinction between those who sanctioned that treatment and
the body of Magistrates generally.
Mr. PEE hand, that he understood his absence from the house
bad been remarked upon by the lion. Member who presented this
petition. Ile begged to say, that be was not apprised that such
a petition was to be presented, or he would have endeavoured to be
in attendance. Sometimes, however, it was inmataible for him, by
reason of more importeat duties, to be in attendance at re early an
hour. A ennonunicatto• to a Judge in a Capital, might be naves.
say for him to make before the post went si, on which the life of
a fellow creature depended. lie was delayed at present by duties,
which, however, he would 'have postponed, had he known that it
was the intention of the Honourable Member to bring forward this
petition. As to the new law, he could only my, that it was framed
with every disposition to make its enactinentehs.ar the lightest and
nest favourable construction for the prisners. f.'or the regulation
of Ilunettionger prison he could not be responsible; but he was
deposed to believe no unnecessary harshness was mewled to. The
regulation of prisoners could not be so easily altered as some lion.
Members imagined. *Before any alteration took place, it was ne.
CtSLIS, that such regulation' shouldbe submitted to two Judges.
As to that part of thertson disciplineethich was vested in the
discretion of Magistvatee, 'Mid every confidence that the 31agia.
testa, as well of Surrey so of every other county, would diec.ounte.
fleece any inirepa.hanlineeemul thee they would afford every res-
aleable indulgence in their power. The subject was not one that lay
with hint, and in which it von Hot proper for him to interfere even
by way of suggestion. As to the see of Mr. et'llaillaglian, which
had been adverted to, and which tad attracted to much of public
attention, a memorial had been presented to him, praying his in-
terference for a raniesion.of his sentence. In consequence of that
communication he had en interview that moming.with Lord Eme-
nd, who presided at the Seesaws where the case was tried. In
that interview the Noble bud expreeed himself satisfied as to
the propriety of the conviction; sod he (31r. P.) distinctly asked
the Noble Lord, if the Magistrates in awarding theireentence had
taken into consideration the recumniendatiou of the Jary ? The
Noble Lord replied, " They did." On this 'representation he
(Mr. P.) was free to admit that •he d.d net consider the sentence
either unjust or severe. lie was of that opinion still, and would
therefore decline any recommendation of the rentimion of the pia.
niehment. The treatment of Mr. O'Callaghan at the early period
of his confinement wee complained of. That treatment, he
was since redressed ; and he would again repeat hie conviction.
that there was no disposition or the part of the Magistrates to treat
him with harshness. The subject was not one that, in his opinion,
justified or called for his interference.
Sir W. DE CRESPION V said, the Magistrates took all power
onto( the hands d the High Sheriff in the regulation °fibs goal; re
the High Sheriff informed him.
tiRATFAN complained of the regulations of themes law.
He referred to an instance in Ireland where it hail been in.
strumemal to many abuses in the gosh discipline of the country.
Sir If. WILSON admitted the propriety of •the question put,
and the height Hon. Secretary to the Noble Goal Eaatnor, as to
whether the recommendation of the Jury was taken einto considera-
tion by the Magistrates. I eshould, however, in hie opinion be fol.
lowed up by another question whether they anticipated that the
severity of treatment which 114. O'Callaghan experienced would be
consequent on that sentence?
Lunt EASTN()R said he had only learned three hours ago from
the Parliamentary papa, that this petition was to be presented—he
INS ire the country and came up to town In coos quetice of it to be
in attendance, and would reserve the expression of hie sentiments
until the petition was regularly before the House.
Sir F. ItURDETT assured the !tight Hon. Secretary, that in
alluding to his absence, it was net the intention of his Hon. Friend
(Mr. Ifobbouse) to insinuates failure of duty on. his pan; he only
Weeded to it, as he (sirk'. alundentood him mean apology to the
House fur introducing the subject in his 'hence. Much praise was
due to his Hon. Friend. the Member the Surrey, foe the active and
benevolent spirit with which he had undertaken and succeeded in
• 'gating the mutterings of this unto rtunate Ilentlenian. It was In
conformity with the whole tenor of his lite, which was distinguished
by many generous acts of humanity. The treatment which Mr.
trl'allaglian experienced was far beyond the measure of any guilt
imputed to him. The offence certainly was not one of great mag-
nitude, or thacinvolved any disgrace in the commission of it; yet
he had been treated as if hefted committed an offence of the grossest
turpitude. Without regard to his lutetium in society, he had been
dealt with as if he were a vagrant, a vagabond, or a convicted
felon. Shut up in a gloomy cell, deprived of proper exercise and
the circulation of free air, subject to taunts and insults. Upon my
honour, 1 would rather be sentenced to be hanged, than treated in
such a manner. Eta better would it be that we should recur to the
old pnnciples that prevailed in regulations of prison discipline,
than invest the Magistracy with a discretion which was liable to
such abuses so were deteced in the case of this tientlethan. It is
better to take away the power altogether from .tlagitarates, and
leave the treatment of pawners to be regulated as it hitherto had
been, by the thigh Sheriff. (Hear, bear.)
Mr. 11011110(‘SE remarked., that his Honourable Friend (Sir
F. Burdett) had rightly understood what had fallen front him with
respect to the Bight Honourable Secretary in allusion to his ab-
sence. Ile was satisfied that the treaunent which Mr. O'Cal.
teethe; received was not sanctioned by Lord Isomer. It was inset
oppressive-the locking him up in his cell at six o'clock—the re-
striction of time as to time time of admission of provisions—and the
limitation placed 00 the friends who may wish to visit him were un-
necessarily severe. On these points, the opinions of the Bench of
ilagietrates would be taken to-morrow, and he hoped such
practices would be discountenanced and put an end to. Ile agreed
with Ins Honorable Friend (Sir Francis Burdett) as to the
enormity of the treatment to which 3lr. O'Callaghan had Wen
subjected, and thought it would be better that the whole of the
present system should be reversed, and even that an inlet as
Simnel, might be open into our goals fur adniission and practice
of evarvide, than that such deputies and abominable entire*.
don shentld continue. There was a ease in his opinion preueely
similar to that which was now beiore them. It Cs, 6t case
of • relative (we believe Captain Peel) of the Hight Honour.
able Secretary, who fur laying a horsewhip over a gentleman had
been untenced to a month's imprieurottent in the King's lknch.
lie slid not say this with any personal or invidious kelinge—on the
contrary, he honoured that gentleman for what he. hell done. lie
(31r. liobhouse), under • ler circumstance, ovule have acted
precisely in the sonic Illantlf.7 ; but he begged the house to mark
the difference of their treatsnent. That gentleman had beet pia.,
nutted to walk out- he saw his friends—they dined with hini daily,
and every accommodation was athetleti hint to render the punish.
meta poniehment, however, under any circumstances, too
heavy for an whiner of such a nature. Was such the treatment of
Mr. O'Callaghan? No: he was lucked up tor twelve hours in a
cell, shut out front his friends and liven the use cf proper pima.,
shins. Nor was the injury indicted on his hely alone to he C 4111,1. I
dereil ; the mental degradation to which a gentleman could hot be
insensibly., should be also taken into account. Butt a new days ago!
Chief Justice fleet had directed the Jury to mind Janie yea of a tar.,
thing for a prosecutor who received two blows in the face. This
was a great indignity, but the provocation justified it, and the
Learned Judge regretted they could not buds 100 sun. Ile had
16.V51 Mr. O'Callaghan, and from what lie bed seen of hint coml.!
dead him a gentleman and a highly reemetable person. The'
spestion now was, whether, after the treatment he had received.
%tech aggravated the punishment beyond w bag pus intended, Mlle
reparation should not he made in the dilution of the punishment,
to cotepetteete for its caressive degree.
Mr. PEEL was not all displeased with the reference which the
Mon. ikntletean haul made to she cane of his relative. In truth,
that case naturally arose in his mind when this subject was men.
tamed to him. Ile begged to say, however, the SAWS were net
fennel. The individual referred to wan tried before anotherjuris.
diction—the King's Ikneh. llesidea a nimith's unpile:named, he
was also obliged to pay a fine of kUllet and bound over in Ifeled. to
keep the peace for live years. In the other eaue the tine was only
210/. Ile was informed that the rigour complamel of no longer ex.
ieteal ; lie could nut be expected to take into IKTOWIIt the er0)1111110•
tildhltifill that was to be found in the different gaols d the
kingdom.
After a few words from 31r. DENISON. the petition was
brought up. and ordered to be printed.

• gentleman whore Mr. AIRERCROMBY saki, he rose to present a taint from
MR.
course of that evening's discuadan,
name hatiO'Chtelotas.A.hetiOneAenNti.e
nteittee
in
the
and on wheel! behalf public at-
tention and public sympathy were etched. Why
Because, was public aim-
patby excited ? when the public consodered the nature
of the Wince, the provocation give.i, the recommendation of the
Jury, and the subsequent treatment of Mr. O'Callaghan, they felt
as every man in that House must feel, that the punishment bore a
s4(nal disproportion to the imputed guilt of the individual accused.
He would simply call their attention to the facts of the petition, and
he was satisfied the !louse would concur in opinion with him that
the treatment of Mr. O'Callaghan was moat oppreoutive—that it
increased the punishment beyond what the hbogistrates, by their
sentence, intended the punishment should he, and that therefore a
remission of time ahould be granted in consideration of the severity
he had experienced. The lion. Member proceeded to gate the
facts of theitetition. of which we subjoin a copy.:—
To the Honourable the C,nonous of threat Britain and Ireland,
in Parliament assembled;
" The humbly petition of Luke Carlos O'Callaghan, a pri-
soner now cunlined in the Surrey Gaol,
" Humbly sheweth—That your petitioner was on Monday, the
lath instant, tried at the Quarter Sessions foe the county of Sur-
rey, fin an assault on the Rev. James Sa1Ifill; that on the trial it
atine7red that your petitioner had sonic ladies under his protection,
gal it was in resenting what he conceived to be. and what lie still
believes to have been, a wanton insult to those ladies by the prose-
cutor, that your petitioner committed the act which the jury on the
trial found to be a breach of the peace.
" That the jury, impressed with the feeling that the conduct of
the prosecutor had provoked the assault, did, in pronouncing your
petitioner guilty, strongly recommend him to the mercy of the
Court; hut that, notwithstanding such recommendation, die Court
sentenced him ter an imprisonment a one month in the county gaol,
arid to pay a fine of 20f.
" That foini the time of his imprisonment your petitioner was
limited (with the exception of part of one day) to the county allow-
anceuf coarse brown bread and water; that although he repeatedly
asked permiasion to provide himself at his own expense, such per-
ntission was constantly refused, by order of the visiting Justices.
Your petitioner was, during the above time, confined for twelve
hours in each day in a solitary cell, eight feet six by six feet four,
lasing no other sleeping place than a mattress spread on a plank
twenty inches and a half wide, with a covering of two rugs, and
expused in this situation to the damp night air, there being no glass
within the iron giating of his cell: that in the day-time he is con.
fined to a court about eight yards by six : that in the sitting or day-
room there is neither table nor chair, nor any resting-place, except
a narrow bench close to the wall.
" That your petitio.wr has been prevented from holding any
COMMUlliCatitlil with the friends who visited hint in Nitwit. except
through two iron gratings, plated several feet apart, exposed to the
inclemency of the r eather, and liable 13 have all that passed be-
t tween them heard by the surrounding prisoners. That your pen-,
tioner was, during this time, ne. allowed even pemission to receive
Of read a newspaper.
" That notwithstanding that your petitioner rnemorialed first the
Magistrates in Court of Quarter Sessions anti afterwards the Visit-
hig Justices, stating his case and praying for redress, your pen.
goner received no relief from either source; and that lie continued
to be treated (as he respectfully' sub' • ► more like a felon than a
mere misdemeanant, up to Mondry the 21st, when by the humane
, interposition of 11r. IWniiion (a Member of your Honourable
Howse, and one of the Visiting Justices), some relaxation took
place in the severity of your petitioner's treatment; but that he is
still subjected to many restrictions and privations not called for, as
he liunibly submits, by the natureof his case.
" That your petitioner has transmitted a memorial to the Right
Honourable the Secretary of State fee the Home Departinent,
stating the nature of his sufferings, and imploring a remission of
his sentence.
That this memorial was accompanied by one frr-n the jury
who tried your petitioner, in which they earnestly recommended
your petitioner to the mercy of the Crown, on the ground of the
prow cation given by the prosecutor.
"'That your petitioner has every confidence that the humane
disposition of the Right llonounitile Secretary of State for the Blume
Ikpartment will lead hint to give to your petitioner the most nier-
ciful consideration ; but your petitioner believing that, as faithful
guardians of the public liberty, this Honourable House will feel
disposed to give effect to the prayer of one in whose case that
liberty has been violated, most humbly implores
6' That your Honourable (louse, taking all the circumstances of
his case into consideration, may be to support the prayer of
your petitioner's memorial in such a manner as to your Honourable
!louse shall scent proper.
" Your petitioner farther most humbly begs that your Honour.
able House,niay be pleased to institute an inquiry into the conduct
.of the V• • g Justices with respect ts your petitioner's treatment,
and also into the manner in which prisoners generally are treated
in the Surrey gaol, in order that timely steps may to taken to
remedy such abuses as those under which he now sutlers.
"And your petitioner, as in duty bound, will ever pray.
" LUKE CARIAke t)'CALLAGIIAN.

" Surrey County Gaol, florsemonger-lane,
Jose 21, I 1e24."
Having stated the facts a the petition, he was satisfied the Noble
Lord would agree with dim, that the totistrates did not intend
the excessive punishment of which the petitioner complained. lie
thought they were, therefore, called upon to endeavour to procure a
remission, which would make setae enteritis for the injuries he had al.
ready received. The petitioner did not regard his own particular case
wily, but hoped their interference on the present occasion would pee-
-1 vent the recurrence of similar treatment to other prisoners who natty be
hereafter confined in this wid other gads, and that they may be
protected front like severity and oppression.
Lord EASTNOR said, lie never felt greater responsibility than
in taking upon him the situation of Chairman of the Surrey ses.
Biota; he did so at the request of several of the Magistrates, as his
lion. Friend (Mr. Denison; could testify. A Learned Chsimian
of Sessions was elected. Oh the parties in this case he had no pre.
vious knowledge. Conjointly with his brother Magistrates he had
attended to it closely, and he was then, as he ma now, of opinion,
that the sentence was just and fair. He would not advert to the
evidence in detail, but the general impression on his mind was,
th d there were not circumstances adduced in the defence which
am mired to a provocation on the part of the
_prosecutor, to justify
the assault. If what had been cod by the Learned Counsel who
was engaged fur the defence, and who of course obeyed his instruc.
thong, had been proved, a strong case would have been made out'
for the defendant; but it was not sustained is evidence, and in.
stead of being a vindication, added insult to injury, and aggravated
the original offence.
.lr. SIABERLY was of opinion, that in consequence of the
unmerited severity of treatment the magistrates ought to interpose
fora remission of the remaining part of the sentence.
Lord EASTNOR was not aware of the treatment ; it was a part
of the gaol discipline with which it was not his province to interfere.
When he heanl of it, he said " it was impossible--there must be
some mistake." It had not his sanction.
. . . . .

Mr. ABLRLROMIIII replied that he had now obtained the ad.
mission he was anxious to receive—the treatment had not the sanc-
tion of the Noble Lord—it was npl•resive and unjust, and for this
reason the remission prayed for should be forthwith granted.
The petition was then ordered tobcprinied.
