THE QUARTER'S REVENUE.

Although the Returns of the Revenue for the ;wean
Quarter will not be made up until Monday evening, ye
see are enabled in some degree to anticipate the official state
ment, and to announce to the public the crowing prosperity
of the country, in the increase of the Revenue, rietvritb-
standing the large reduction that has been in the Taxes,
and the amount of Duties remitted.

...- -
The account of the Customs for the Quarter ending the
Ifth of October, 1824. was 3,240,000 T. while the amount
for the Quarter which will end on Monday will not be leas
than 3.400,000/. exhibiting an actual increase in the Cut-
toms alone, for one Quarter, of (me hundred and sixty thon-
g sold rounds, or at tEe tate of more than a million a year.
The gross receipts of the Customs, for the present Quarter,
indeed, amcunt to .5,200,000, but of these 1,800,000/. con-
sist of transferred duties from the Excise.

The produce of the Customs for the three Quarters, end-
ing October 10, 1824, amounted to 7,430,0001., the
produce for the corresponding three quarters of the
present year amounts 7,950,0001., exhibiting an Actual
increase in the Revenue of the Customs, far three
nuarters of a year, of fire handed and twenty -thousand
pounds, exclusive of all transferred duties. The gross re-
ceipt of the Customs is about 11,430,000/. but from this
sum is to be deducted articles transferred from the Excise
to the amount of 3,300,000!. The other branches of the
Revenue are, we learn, equally favourable.—Slur.

Letters base been received from Valparaiso, dated to the
rn.(l4lle of Jane. The island of Chiloe still remained in
the possession of the Royalists. The general reports of the
mines in Chili were favourable.

It appears from the Buenos Ayres Gazeta Mercantil of
the 43d July, that the Brazilian Admiral, on entering the
harbour of that city, fired a salute, which was answered
from the fort. This mark of respect, it was anticipated,
would have been withheld, on account that the indepen-
dence of Buenos Ayres had not been formally acknow-
ledged by Brazil. It must have been this salute which
the writer of a letter we published last week, mistook for a
Ito de joie on account of the amicable adjustment of the
dilfeertees between the two Governments.

We have authority to correct the statement which ap-
peared in most of the di.), papers, that all vessels from
Alexandria are now ordered to Milford to perform quaran-
tine. This regulation applies only to vessels boond to Li-
verpool. Orders to this effect have been transmitted to the

outporta.—Giobe.
The Paths of Egypt has expended a large portion of
the proceeds of the sun of the cotton exported by him to
this country in the purchase of arms and ammunition, for
the purpose of using them against the tireeks; not long ago
two slip loads of Congreve rockets were &mink(' to him
from the ! hums.

The Paris Atsidemy of Sciences has awarded ten thou-
sand franc.; to a peasant, for excellent conduct in suppost-
ing helpless parents, and brothers aod sisters of his wife,
to which effort be laboured until nature had almost sunk
sithin him.

Suicides, it appears by a calculation of Dr. Caspar, are
increasing wonderfully in Berlin. From 1780 to 1797, the
Proportion wu 1 in 1000 ; from 1799 to 1808, t in 600; and
from 1811 to 1t199 lin 100. He attributes the increase
principally to the increase of drinking-bouses, which
it appears compose the fourth part of the hotter* of Ber-
lin.

C1:11111tRIANI) Tfr GARDEN/: Thu pleasant place of
amusement on the banks of the Thames, neer Vauxhall,
will no longer receive the public. The late occupier, after
the destruction of his premises by fire, committed some
broach of the covenants in his lease, and the lessors have
taken possession. The property on the premises was sold
akw days since by the Sheriff under fill execution. An
"trine is to he erected on the spot by the South Lambeth
Water-Worls.

e understand that some packages of merehandioc ar-
r;r-J yesterday in the steam-packet from Dublin, to he for-
LAte.eil by the steam-packet Lee, to Cork, the establish-
ment of this packet haring rendered the most expeditious
"'re frum Dublin to Cork to be through Liverpool.—
".i .iferrerip

THE GREEKS.
[From the fialnpriti,e Telegraph.l
On Monday last the Greek brig of war Cimoni, Capt.
Miauli (son of the celebrated Greek Admiral) arrived at
Portsmouth from Hydra, whence she sailed on the Gth of
August, with secret despatches of great importance from
the Greek Government, addressed, it is understood, to the
Greek Committee and Mr. Secretary Canning, 'with which
Captain Miauli landed, when the vessel was cleared from
quarantine, and proceeded to London. It is conjectured
that the despatches relate to au invitation to our govern-
ment to form a closer alliance with the Greeks. The
Cimoni is to proceed to the river, to await an answer to
the despatches. We are indebted to a gentleman (theonly
I passenger by her), who had been some time travelling in
Italy and Greece, for the following interesting sketch of the
present state of the Greek cause:—
The Greeks are, unfortunately, not sufficiently united to
insure the success that would otherwise undoubtedly at-
tend them, for all the operations of the Turks are carried
on with such want of enterprise and activity, that without
having witnessed, it is hardly possible to conceive. BT
land, neither power has any disciplined troops, at least the
Sultan has not.' Now the Pacha of Egypt (MAl:met Ali)
has attempted the conquest of the Mores ; he has collected
a body of' French and other foreign officers, who have raised
about 10,000 regular troops of Arabs, and who have landed
this last spring for the first time since the commencement
of the revolution in the Morea. The former expeditions
of the Turks, though much more numerously composed,
the Greeka repulsed with complete success ; and where
neither the Sultan's troops, nor the Greeks themselves had
disciplined troops, their activity, cunning, and aptitude for
desultory warfare, gave them a decided advantage. But
their irregular troops, armed with their long guns, swords,
and pistol (but no bayonets, a weapon so much superior to
any other), cannot resist the determined attacks of regular
troops, and have no chance against cavalry, which the
Turkish armies are never without, and the Greeks have
none to oppose them. Ibrahim Paella, Alaliomet Ali's
son, wlfo commands the Egyptians and Arabs, has met with
' great success ; he invested Navarino, rather a strong fortress,
and commanding the hest port in the Alorea, in the month of
March, and after some hard fighting, the Greek garrison ca-
pitulated in the mouth of May. He has since entered the
interior of the Mores, and had not, when I left Greece,
met with much r.sistance; but the winter coming on, which
in this mountainous part of Greece, is very severe for his
troops, who are accustomed to so hot a climate, it is very
probable he will suffer most severely, particularly as his
army is badly supplied with provisions ; and the country
is so mountainous and intersectsd, that his communications
with the fortresses of Navarino, Modon, and Coron, which
the Turks still possess in the Morel, will be easily cut off,
and it is not likely he will be able to establish himself in
the interior of the country. In the Greek's possession in
Rumelia, the Sultan's troops have made a formidable
expedition. Achmet Pacha, at the head of thirty thousand
men, has invested Missolonglii, situated on the western I
flank of their Rumcloit provinces (where Lord Byron'
died), but the Greeks have hitherto defended themselves,
very successfully, and the troops that were in the
neighbouring mountains harass the Turkish camp, and
have obliged them to make diversions to oppos: them.
On the Eastern side of Rumelia, General Goura is op-
posed to the Pacha of Negropont and the Shekar-Bey of I
Rumelia, Malvasie, and though they have ravaged great'
part of the country, the Turks will not be able to make any
impression on Athens, or enter the Mores to co-operate
with the Egyptians. The Sultan's armies are entirely unfit
to attempt the siege of any fortified place; they have hardly
any artillery, anti what they have is so badly served, that
it is more an incumbrance than of any service to them.
Alizsolonghi is now tolerably fortified ; the defence made
there, chiefly by the Suliotes, under the Suliote Captain,
Marco Botzari, before the present fortifications existed, was
most gallant, when they were only protected by a ditch of
about twenty feet, and a slight parapet of new made earth,
thrown up in the face of an overpowering force. But the
dissentious between the powerful native chiefs, all anxious
to take the lead, and attending to their own aggrandise-
ment rather than to the common good, has been a continued
obstacle to the advancement of their affairs.

By sea the Greeks have been uniformly successful, and
the brave Admiral Miauli is worthy of the best days of
ancient Greece. In the mouth of August Missolonghi was
blockaded by forte sail of Turkish vessels, including six
frigates. Admiral Miauli arrived with twenty-two Greek
vessels, including only two ships, the rest brigs, and accom-
panied by six fire-ships, slid made good his entrance, drove
the Turks away. burning one anti sinking another vessel,
relieved and provisioned the town of Missolonghi, which
was before in great distress, and it will now certainly hold
out till the winter and bad weather coming on drive away
the Turks, and break up their camp.
The Greeks have had a great loss, in Odysseus, a power-
ful Military Chief of Eastern Greece, who, having dis-
agreed with the existing Government, revenged his quarrel
by joining the Turks fur some time, then returning to the
Greeks, he was imprisoned, and met a violent death; it is
supposed, through his enemies at Athens. The Turks
held him in great dread, and never attempted to make ad-
vances on the province he commanded. The Greek Go-
vernment has unfortunately given little encouragement to
and shown great jealousy of foreigners, though that is by
no means the general feeling with the people, who are
anxious for foreign assistance. Lord Byron s death was
much regretted; and they are very partial to the English.
There is a great probability that the Egyptian Pacha Ma-
hornet Ali, will soon rebel against the Sultan, and he has
become so powerful, that he is a full match for the Sub-
lime Porte, and their dissensions will be of infinite service
to the Greeks.
The Islands of Spezzia, Hydra, and Ispara, furnish the
Greek Navy, but they have no frigates, but three ships, and
the whole number of the brigs amounts to no more than
forty. They are very skilful in the management of fire-
ships, by which they have burnt several of the Turkish
frigates, and two ships of the line; and the Turks hold
them in such dread, that they seldom long resist an attack,
and get away as fast as they can. The Turks are no
sailors, as before the revolution their vessels were entirely
worked by Greeks.
By land all the fighting is in the mountains, and carried
on in a desultory manner—complete bush fighting. There
is no discipline among them, and no officer under the Cap..
tains or Military Chiefs who are more or less powerful,
some having 1,000 men, others less, while petty Captains
of thirty or forty followers, gather round the Military
Chiefs, in proportion to their power, and they form a corn-
plete clan, like our Highlanders in former times. Their
dress, when good, is very martial and becoming; they have
I no uniform—their arms are frequently handsomely worked
in silver and gilt.
The general feature of the country is rocky barren moun-
tains, but interspersed with some woods, vineyards, and
numerous fertile valleys, forming some very fine and ro-
mantic scenery. The towns have been almost aU destroyed.
The streets are narrow and badly paved, and wooden bal-
conies, more like sheds, with roofs projecting over them,
give the towns a dull appearance. The inhabitants are
fond of fete days and feasting, and to see them in the
coffee-houses, or in groups under the trees, merry-making,
you would suppose the country in a state of perfect seen-'
rity and quietness.
The seat of the Government is at pre rent at Napoli, and
is composed of an Executive and Legislative body, chosen
annually by the people. The English loan, excepting for
the operations of the fleet, and which, of course, is of great
importance, has not much advanced the Greek cause, and
has given rise to great peculation, and rather fomented
their dissensions. But every excuse is to be made for the
Greeks, su&ring so long from a state of abject slavery.
The Islanders, who were treated by the Turks with great
privileges, and enjoyed great freedom, bare been the most
active in supporting their independence by land. The in-
habitants of the Rumeltot provinces, who were also very
free, have behaved very gallantly, while those of the
Mores, who were the most oppressed, and the greatest suf-
ferers from the Turkish yoke, have made the least exer-
tions for their liberation, which shows that a long habit of
slavery and subjection so debase.; the human mind, it can
no longer appreciate the blessing% of liberty.

Tic Greek Deputies charged with soliciting the British
Government to take Greece under its protection, have ar-
rived in town. Among them is the son of the heave Ad-
miral Ifisu!is.

,H PRESS.

•
DEPARTURE OP G N. L.4FATI:7'TE PROIII
THE UNITED STATES.
On Wednerday the 4th inst. the President, heads of
departments, civil and military Officers, and several mem-
bers of Congrese, having taken their stations in the hall
of the President's house, Cr'. Lafayette was soon intro-
duced by the 141arthel of the district. Mr, Adams ad-
dressed him in the following speech :
" General Lafayette !—lt has been the good fortune of many of
my distinguished fellow.citisemi, during the course of the year now
elapsed. upon your arrival at their respective places of abode, to
greet you with the welcome of the Nation. The lea; pleasing
task now devolves upon me, of bidding you, in the name of the
nation, adieu.
" It were no longer seasonable, and would be superfluous, to
recapitulate the remarkable incidents of your early like—incidents
which emaciated your name, fortunes, and reputation, hi imperish.
able connection with the independence and history of the North
American Union.
The part which you performed at that important juncture was
marked with character/leo peculiar, that, realking the fairest fable
of antiquity, its pareticl could scarcely be found in the authentic
records of human history.
" You deliberately and perseveringly preferred toil, danger, the
endurance of every hardship, and the privation of every comfort, in
defence of a holy cause, to inglorious ease, and the allurements of
rank, affluence, and unrestrained youth, at the most splendid and
fascinating Court of Europe.
" That this choice was not less wise than magnanimous, the
sanction of helf a century, and the gratulntions of unnumbered
voices, all unable to express the gratitude of the heart with which
your visit to this hemisphere has been welcomed, afford ample de-
monetration.
"'When the contest of freedom, to which you had repaired as a
voluntary champion, had closed, by the complete triumph of her
cause in this country of your adoption, you 4-turned to fulfil the
ditties of the philanthropist and patriot in the land of your nativity.
There, in a consistent and undeviating career of forty years you
have maintained, through every vicissitude of alternate success and
disappointment, the same glorious cause to which the first years of
your active life.lisl been devoted—the improtement of the moral
and political condition of man.
" Throughout that long succession of time the people of tile United
States, .for whom. and with whom, you had fought the battles of
liberty, have been living in the full possession of its fruits, one of
the happiest among the family of nations ; spreading in population ;
enlarging in territory ; Acting and suffering according to the condi.
tines of their nature; and laying the foundations of the greatest.
and, we.humbly hope, the most beneficent power that ever regula.
ted the concerns of man upon earth.
" In that lapse of forty years, the generation of men with whom
you co-operated in the conflict of groin, has nearly passed away.
Of the General Officers of the American army in that war, you
alone survive. Of the Sages who guided our Councils, of the
warriors who met the foe in the field or upon the wave, with the
exception of a few, to whom unusual length of days has been al-
lotted by Ileaveu, all now sleep with their fathers. A succeeding,
and even a third generation, have arisen to take their places ; and
their children's children, while rising up to call them blessed, have
been taught by them, as well as admonished by their own constant
enjoyment of freedom, to include in every benison upon upon their
fathers, the name of him who came from afar, with them, anti in
their cause, to conquer or to fall.
The universal prevalence of these sentiments was signally mani-
fested by a resolution otCongress, representing the whole people, and
all the States of this Union, requesting the President of the United
States to conununicate to you the assurances of the grateful and
affectionate attachment of this Government and people, and desir-
ing that a national ship might be employed, at your convenience,
for your passage to the borders of our country.
" The invitation was transmitted to you by my venerable prde.
cessor ; himself bound to you by the strongest ties of personal
friendship : himself one of those whom the. highest honours of his
country had rewarded for blood early shed in her curse, and for a
long life of devotion to her welfare. By him the services of a na.
tional ship were placed at your disposal. Your delicacy preferred
a more private conveyance, and a full year has elapsed since you
landed upon our shores. It were scarcely an exaggeration to say,
that it has been, to the people of the Union, a year of uninter-
rupted festivity and enjoyment, inspired by your pretence. You
have traversed the twenty-four States of this great Confederacy.
You have been received with rapture by the survivors of our
earliest companions in arms. You have been hailed as a long
absent parent by their children, tile men and women of the present
age. And a rising generation, the hope of future time, in num-
bers surpassing the whole population of that day when you fought
at the head and by the side of their forefathers, have vied with the
scanty remnants of that hour of trial, in acclamations of joy at
beholding the face of him whom they feel to be lie common bene.
factor of all. You have heard the mingled voices of the past, the
present, and the future age, joining in one universal chorus of de-
light at your approach ; and the shouts of unbidden thousands,
which greeted your landing on the soil of freedom, have followed
every step of your way, and still resound, like the rushing of many
waters, from every corner of our land.
" You are now about to return to the country of your birth, of
your ancestors, of your posterity. The Executive Government of
the Union, stimulated by the lame feelings which had promoted
the Conferee to the designation of a national ship for you, rceom.
mod ttion in coming hither, has destined the first service of a frigate,
recently launched at this metropolis, to the less welcome, but
equally distinguished trust, of conveying you home. The name
of the ship has added one more memorial to distant regions and to
future ages, of a stream already memorable, at once in the story of
your sufferings and of our independence.
" The ship is now prepared for lour reception, and equipped for
sea. From the moment of her departure, the prayers of millions'
will ascend to Heaven that her passage may be prosperous, and your
return to the bosom of your family as propitious to your happiness
as your visit to this scene of your youthful glory bas been to that of
the American people.
Go, then, our beloved friend—return to the land of brilliant
genius, of generous sentiment, of heroic valour ; to that beautiful
France, the nursing mother of the Twelfth LiouisZond the Fol. th
Henry; to the native soil of Bayard and Itoligni, of 'l'urenne, and
flatboat, of Fenelon and D'Auguenseau. In that illustrious cata.
logue of names which sae claims as of her cttildreu, and with ho-
nest pride holds up to the admiration of other nations the name of
Lafayette has already for centuries been enrolled. And it shall
henceforth burnish into brighter tame; for if, in after days, a
Frenchman shall be called to indicate the character of his nation
by that of one individuul. during the age in which we live, the
blood of lofty patriotism shill mantle in his cheeks, the
the of conscious virtue shall sparkle in his eye, and he shall
pronounce the name of Lafayette. Yet we too and our
children in Ike, and after death shall claim you for our own. You
are ours by that more than patriotic self devotion with which yo
flew to the aid of our fathers at the crisis of their fate. Ours by
that long *cries of years in which you have cherished us in your
regard. Ours by that unaliaken sentiment of gratitude for your
services, which is a precious portion of our inheritance. Ours by
that tie of love, stronger than death, which has linked your name,
for the endless ages of time, with the name of Washington.
" At the painful moment of parting from you. we take comfort
in the thought, that, wherever you may be, to the last pulsation of
your heart, our reentry will be ever present to your affections, and
a cheerful consolation assures us, that we are not called to sorrow
most of all, that we shall see your face no more. We shall indulge
the pleasing anticipation of beholding our friend again. In the
mean time, speaking in the name of the whole people of the United
Suites, and at • loss tor language to give utterance to that feeling of
attachment with which the heart of the nation beats as the heart of
one man, T bid you a reluctant and affectionate farewell !"
The General listened with deep attention ; and at the
close of the address embraced the l'resident in his arms,
saluting him in the French manner on each cheek. Ile
then replied in the following terms :
" Amidst all my obligations to the General Government, and
particularly 10 you, Sir, its respected Chief Magistrate, I have most
thanbfally to scanowledge the opportunity given me, at this solemn
and *nail moment, to t the people of the United States w hh
a parting tribute of ad, inexpressible gratitude.
have bee, is the infant and critical days of these states,
adopted by than ass favourite son, to have participated in the toils
sad perils orator unspotted struggle for Independence, freedom, and
equal rights, and in the foundation of the American Era of a new
social order, which has already pervaded this, and must, for the
dignity and happiness of mankind, successively pervade every part
of the other hemisphere, to have received at every stage of the re.
volution, and during forty years after that period from the people
of the United States, and their representatives at home and abroad,
continual marks of their confidence and kindness, has been the I
pride, the encouragement, the enpnon of a long and eventful life. i
" But how could I find words to acknowledge that series of
comes, these unbounded and universal displays of public affec-
tion, whkh bane marked each step, ea& hour. of a twelve.
mouth's propene through the twerrty-four state., and which, while
they overwhelm my heart with grateful delight, have most satis-
factorily rein Ced the convenience of the people in the kind testi-
monies,
in the hormone favours bestowed on me by the several
branches of their representatives, anal at the central seat of the con-
federacy.
ems'Yet gratifications still higher awaited me, in the wonders of
CrINIIIIM and improvement that have met my enchanted eye ; in the
unparalleled and self-felt happiness of the people; in their rapid
prosperity and insured security, public and private; in a practice
of good order, the appendage of true freedom and a national good
sense, the final arbiter of all difficulties ; I have had proudly to
recognise a result of the republican principles for which we have
fought, and a glorious demonstration, to the most timid and pre.
judiced minds, of the superiority, over degrading aristocracy or
despotism. of popular institutions, founded on the plain rights
of MIN and where the local rights of every section are preserved
under a constitutional bond of union. The cherishing of that
anion between the State., as it has been the farewell entreaty of
one !treat paternal Wnehington, and will ever have the dying prayer
of every American patriot, so it has become the sacred pledge of
the emancipation of the world—an object of which I am happy to
observe that the American people, while they give the animating
example of successful free institutions, in return for an evil en.
tailed upon them by Europe, and of which a liberal and enlightened
sense is every whete move and more generally felt, show themselves
every day more erotiously interested.
" And now, Sir, how can Ido justice to my deep anti lively
feelings. for the assurances most peculiarly valued of our esteem
and friendship; for your so very kind references to old times, to
my beloved associates, to the yissitadat of my life ; for your affect-
ing picture of the blessings poured by the several generations of

LORD COCHRANE AND THE PIRANGA.

The arrival of Lord Cochrane is now fixed to take place
on the 20th inst.—if, with the intention of returning to the
Brazile, his Lordship will prob.'ily be disappointed of pro-
ceeding immediately, as it appears the crew of the Piranga
have nearly all desetted the Brazilian service. Sixty of
them came on shore here, in a body, on Thursday last.
The causes of their dissatisfaction are probably stared in
the following letter, which was mitten by one of them pre-
vious to the "strike." Such is the attention now paid to
the condition, character, and comforts of British seamen
employed in our ships of war, that we cannot but view
every such individual who engages himself in the service
of a foreign nation, as not possessing the manly and open
character, and true corps drsprit of a genuine British
seaman :

PIIIANGA. OCT. 2, 11125.
As a British seaman I take the liberty of addressing you with
these lines, and likewise on behalf of my shipmates who have been
in the service of the Emperor. Lord Cochrane has brought Its to
our native shore, where we would wish for to go. but after toiling
and fighting for their service, where many of us have bled in their
cause, we cannot get any remuneration, but baffled every time we
ask for our wages and prize money ; we think that British seamen,
in time of pence.can sail in any service which they please, and now
we would wish for to leave this frigate. We have no security for
payment, therefore we hope and trust, through our former merit
against the enemies of this country, you will do something in our
behalf, and relieve ua from the peatrst tyranny, cruelty, and op-
pression that can be exercised over British seamen. If you will
speedily do something for us, it will be the mews of saving blood-
shed. Our previsions have been stopped this afternoon, we have
no money, and many of us are several miles from home, and poarly
clothed. kor you to see forty or fifty British seamen going on
shore ragged and destitute from this vessel, world be no honour
to Lord Cochrane, after all his exploits in the South Sea. If it is
not in your power to do any thing, we hope you will acquaint the
Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty. We are not bound to
stay any longer, therefore we are all determined to leave her : we
will not do any thing that would disgrace the character of British
seamen—Hampshire Telegraph.

THE WORSTED MANUFACTURERS AND
THEIR WORKMEN.

The termination of the disputes which have long un-
happily subsisted between the worsted manufacturers and
their workmen seems as remote as ever. The masters ap-
pear determined to admit of no compromise, and to insist
on an unconditional surrender, and a renunciation of the
Union. The workmen, on their part, seem equally re-
solved to support the Union, and to insist on some aug-
mentation of their wages. So long as this shall remain the
disposition of both parties, there seems no other course
than for the contest to continue until necessity shall compel
one of them to submit.

Yesterday (Friday), at ten o'e!otk in the forenoon, a
meeting of the master worsted-manufacturers was held at
the Court-house, in Darley-street, Bradford, Mathew
Thompson, Esq. in the Chair. We understand that the
only matter of business transacted, was the receiving and
examining the lists of the workmen whobad turned in, and
renounced the Union since the strike, the number of whom
was very inconsiderable, not more, we hear, than one in a
hundred. The meeting did not break up till half-past one
o'clock. A good deal of conversation took place, and
though no formal resolution was come to, it was the
strongly expressed sense of the meeting to persevere in re-
sisting the claims of the workmen. The masters, with very
questionable policy, exclude reporters from their meetings,
by which all arguments which are from time to time used to
prove the unreasonableness of the claims of the workmett,
and to demonstrate the runious nature of the Union, are
lost to the public. The meeting was adjourned to Monday
se'nnight, to be held at the same time and place...-Leeds
Mercury.

the Atneirlean peopie on the remaining days•nf a dellghted-treteran ; . :`*--,":1•' "NAVA', INTELLIGENCE.. .
for your affectionate remarks on this and hour of separation. on the ' • .
country of of my. birth—full, I can say, of Am elcan sympathies--on PORTSMOUTH. OCT. 11. .
the hope so necessary to me of seeing again the country that has Ry the Regalia, Captain Henning, which tout at the Cape
deigned, near half a century ago, to call me hers ? I shall content of Good Hope, on her passage arum India. we have received let-
myself,refralning rutin superfluous repititioni, ot when before you, ten from our Correspondent, trout which the following is an ea.
Sir, and this respected eitcle, to pros lm my wail' confirmation tract..-
of every weed' the sentiments which I have hid daily opportunities " Siatos's Town. JULY 20.—The Regalia sails to-mottos t
publicly to utter, from the time 'Oen yistr venerable predecessor, she is the last arrival here from India : nothing new from Arracau.
my opt brother in arms, and friend, transmitted to me the tmour- The Tamar, 28, Captain Bremer. loft Bombay on the 4th of May,
able Invit3tiOn of Congress. to this day, *hen juts, ids, dear Sir, for Trincomalee. The surveying. ships Leven, Marracoets, and
whose fr:endly connection with me dates from your earliest youth. I Cockburn, have arrived at the Mauritius, from Madagescar; De
are going to consign me to the protection, across the Atlantic, of their way to this place. They had captured the Spanish brig gab,
the heroic national flag, on b•*.rd the splendid ship, the name of with 160 slaves on hoped, The Semarang, 18, Captain Dunn,
which has been not the least flattering and kind among the num- sailed yesterday for the Mauritius, to relieve the Ariadne, whin!bellow favours conferred upon tne. ship is to proceed homeward. The Owen Glendtitirer and Martin,
" God bless you, Sir, and all who satround us f God bless the I are lying here. Commodore Christian hoe been irdisposed Tor
American People, each of their Stated, 'and the Pederal Govern- , several days, but he is now rather better. 'The patch ship Palen:
meet ! Accept this patriotic farewell of an overflowing heart—such bang, Heyde, master, bound to Batavia, with her mainmast Sprung ;;
will be its last throb when it caste:lto beat."
the Hippomenes, Boss, master, from Nihon, with salt, bound td
arrived ; the last named stitiek on h rock in coming into Simon./
At the close of this address, the General advanced and Sumatra; and the ship Mountatneee, Herbert, master, have jun
embraced the President with tears, and seemed quite over-
Bay, anB mustilesanadarheerr
acrairhgeo.
come with his feelings, repeating "God bless you ;" then i
Burgher Senate it tape Twin lit 3
been put into the Tronk (prison), charged with having destroy
" The late T
extending his arms to the spectators, he took farewell of
them all. When refreshments had een Served, he talk the documents showing how 300,000 vii dollars, collected annually]
touching certain charges preferred against their Secretary, wholl
the President once more by the hand, and catered the have been expended. Twenty-nine witnesses have been ettamine
td(b)eawniovedafrom his office." .
rbarouche, accompanied by the Secretaries, and was eicorted
arrived
from
Qyatehbere
.Nivuhmesartrane
iitesportaanedldaeauti.tiNeV6enihteraotf
setit,piAelbarititte
to the Potomac, where he embarked in the steam-boat,
Mount Vernon, and reached the frigate the following
morning, with detachments bf the Gtith, 711th, and 71st regiments. Lieut..
The following are the principal persons which went from Colonel Philint. abd Captain King, Royal Artillery ; Captain
Washington to the frigate Brandywine, on board the Creighton and Lieiit Atherley, 70th regiment ; and Afeeses. Mar.-
steam-boat, with General Lafayette:—
Taman, Thompson, Burnie, and Tarn. Surgeons of the Royal
Navy, tame passengers. The latter officers went to Quebec Rom
The Secretary of the Navy ; Major General Brown ; Commts-
Goverment have located near the Rice Lake, about 500 miles from
Cork, in several transports, having charge of 2000 et*rants, *horn doves Bainbridge and Jones, and Captain Read, of the navy ; the
the Commanding Ge-
ven to
Mayors of Washington and Georgetowntheir
son of the Secretary of the President of the United States ; the Quebec, and si; from Lake Ontario. Government has
each family a certain portion of land, built a house Mr their mem-
•
neva! Smith, and suite; Brigadier-General Jonee, and suite ; Mr. pation, furnished them with agricultural implements, and sufficient
Dupont, of Wilmington, who bad served Lafayette in 1791 as aid, rrovisions for twelve months after they are fettled. The spot is
in France ; George Washington, P. Coatis,
.and Dr. Kent ; young tealthful, and the soil good. The Americans have suffeted their
Mr. Huger, father whose had, in conjunction with Dr. 801 - ships on the Canadian lakes to fill into titter deesyt They had
man, rescued Lafayette from the prison of Olmuts ; Mr. Somer.
just disposed of their stores and equipments. The Hon. Captain
villa,
Charge d'Affaires
Byng superintends the preservation of the British *hips, but they
was gong in t h as es
Sweden, and General Lallemencl.e Brandywine
could not be prevented, from inactivity and the effects of the eh.
On reaching Mount Vernon. about sun-set, the steam- mate, becoming defective. The Numa spoke, on the 10th tilt. the
boat stopped for some time. Ott arriving at the frigate the I Herald yacht, Captain Leeke, with Lord Dalhousie, family, and
.Vallis, bound to Il ebec.
next morning, a salute was fired, the yards were manned, staff, on board, at the entrancetif the River Sr. Lawrence; aleo the
refreshments served, and the General and company eon-
Niemen frigate, Capt. IThe large timber ship Baron of Renfre* sailed from Quebec tin
ducted through the ship, which is tlesTribcd as a very fine the 25th of August, and was spoken on the 3d eeptember, by the
one. The steam-boat Constitution had arrived before from ship Prince. of Whitby, in lat. 47 37 N. and long. 60 W. all well,
Baltimore with a large party, to pay their parting respects (in the neighbourhood of Sable Island, on the coast of America).
to the General, in the name of the citizens. Gen. Jones The Thetis, 46, Sir Jelin Phillimore, will sail the moment the
also addressed him In behalf of the citizens of the District wind moderates; for Naples, at which place the Right Hon. Strat-
personal domestics, will embark, enti proceed to ,CanstintinoPle-
ford Canning, Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, his Lady, and
of Columbia. The S sectary of the Navy was the last to
leave the ship, after which a salute was fired, and the tononel Burnett, Mr. Scarlett, and Mr.• Buchanan, of the Diplo.
steam-boats set out on their return. matte department ; Mr. Pisiane, Professor of Oriental Languages.
and Mr. Pargelfo. of the U--- s service, embarked here yesterday
with Sr-
- • '"'

lonian
~n Sir Jahn Phillimore. in the Thetis.
The Glasgow frigate. Captain the Hon. J. A. Mende, 'will sail
on Monday for Harwich, to embark Lord Strangford and ratite,
and convey them to the Baltic. If the season shhuld continue
open, it is yet hoped his Lordship May reach St. Petersburgh itt
the Glasgow; if not. he will land at the nearest 'convenient port.
The I,atberine, Mackintosh, will embark 34 passengers, and
stsil for Bengal direct. the moment the wind is fair.
Arrived the Totten, from Quebec, to-day, with the loss of an.
char and cable.
On Tuisday arrived the benutifnl schooner rnicorn, with IL.
'Perkins, Esq. the owner, and family, from Gihraltvr, in iev.er
days. She was released on Thursday from quarantine.
Arrived, this morning, the Basiiiik, Lieutenant Hough, from
Plymouth. and remains with the Glasgow, Thetis, and Piranga.
The Albion. 74, arrived at fork on the 20 init.
Captain the lion. William Waldegrave has commissioned the
Icarus. at this port. Lieutenants R. H. Stanhope. 3lr. Henry
Tucker", Purser, Mr. John Greenish, Surgeon, and Mr. Thomas
Donald, Assistant-Surgeon, are appointed to her.
Captain Fitsclarence is appointed to the North Star,2B, at Wool.
wich.
Commander Percy Grace. late of the Cerene. is promoted to the
rank of Captain. Lieutenant W. Symonds. of the Royal George
yacht, is promoted to the rank of Commander; and Mr. William
Hamby. to the rank of Lieuterituit. Lieutenatit Pdwney, of the
Arrow, to the Royal Gcoree, and command of the Calliope tender ;
Mr. Stiqant is appointed Purser of the Volage.—liarnpriiire Tele-
graph.
PIXMOrTII Sift PPINDNEWS.

The IC/imrod, 111, arrived on Saturday from the Scotch station,
and came into harbour to be paid off, having been in commissidt.
upwards of three years.
The basilisk cutter, Lietttenant Hough, and Nightingale cuttert
Lieutenant Kitchen, attired on Saturday, from the eastward. The
Nightingale sailed again on a cruise on Tuesday.
In Hamoaze—Britaania, Genoa. Windsor Castle, Druid. Talbo.
Shamrock, Pandora, Harlequin, Heliton, Basilisk, and Reynatd;
and Lien, Swallow, and Active revenue cuttert.
Between island and Main—Lyra.
The Talbot, 28, was commissioned on Friday, by Dem. R. S.
Hay. Lieutenants J. Fletcher and G. K. Wilson, and Mr. J.
Haile, Purser, are also appointed to her.
The Doris frigate arrived at Pernambuco, from Falmouth, and
sail: d for Bahia Aug. 211.
,Ifis Majesty's ship Herald, with Lord Dalhnusie and gulf* on
Wed, was all well off Bird Island, the Lth of September, bound
N IQuebee.
dippointnteals—Captain A. C. De Crespicny is appointed to the
Reltomart ; Captain H. Edwards to the Dotterel ; Captain C. D.
Dohmn to the Lame ;_ Captain Beaumont to the teazle ; Lieut.
R. Barton to the Hind ; Dr. James Armstrong, Surgeon. to the
Glasgow, vice 514Kerrow ; Mr. Jas. Rain, Master, to the Nightin-
gale cutter.
Lieut. D. L. Couch i: appointed to the Ordinary at this port, vice
Dunlop.
Lieut. T. L. Robinr, R. N. is plai:ed on the retired list, with the
rank of t lommander.
The Flying Fish, William Johnston master, which put into this
port, on her voyage from Newcastle to Lisbon, sprung a leak off
the Lizard, at three P.A. on the 29th ult., and notwithstanding
every drat to keep her afloat, in three hours she went down stern
foremost. The Captain and crew took to the boat, and were picked
up shortly afterwards by the smack Champion of Wales, of Pad-
stow, Captain Wm. Knight, who treated the unfortunate marine*
with fhb greatett kindness and humanity, and landed them sofa,
near Penance.—Plymontli Journal.
• EAST %INDIA SHIPPING.

The Persia, Elwell, from Pedang, and bound for Antwerp, has
arrived in the Downs; she sailed from Pedang the 10,h June.
SHIPS 111.011 EN WITH.—The Pero, Rutter, from the Mauritius
I to London, the 7th August. in lat. 355., long, 23 E. ; and the
31adras, Farer, for Madras, in lat. 30 S., long. 26.
