DRURF-LANE THEATRE.

The frinte?'s Tale was performed, for the last time this
season, on Saturday evening. The production of it did not,
we should think, prove a rrofitable speculation ; for on the
previous night of its performance, we did not see the house
filled, or well attended. On Saturday, before half-price,
there was a truly "beggarly account of empty boxes, ' nor
could the other parts of the house boast a more thronged
attendance. The truth is, that although this is one of the
best acting of Shakspeare's plays, when it is well acted,
yet the mediocrity of the performance of it at Drury-lane,
caused it to go off very heavily. klacready, as Leo sirs, es-
livers sonic of the beautifully poetical passages with a spirit
of ardent and enthusiastic declamation ; indeed sometimes
with an enthusiasm bordering on violence ; for this gentle-
man "is not anything if not pushin /1.." Mr. Kemble,
who had many admirers of his performinee of this charac-
ter, played it in a tone of suppressed jealousy, and smothered
indignation, 111 if the feelings with which his soul was har-
rowed were " thoughts that lay too deep for words." I
Kemble conceived (we think rightly) the character to he a
despondent and heart-broken, rather than a had or re-
vengeful one ; his declamations, therefore, partook of a
fierce classical henry, above which he did not soon
Macready seems to think ',cosies' mind to have been stung
with all the furies of Orioles, works himself into a per-
Tictuid paarioll, and threatens momentarily the acting of an
hysterical fit. Mrs. Bunn played Heentsoise with very ad-
mirable effect ; we would only take exception to a moo.
rosy in her tones, that renders it not very pleasing to listen
to lie, delivery of a speech of any length. In the last scene
she acted, even to excellence; there was true dignity
and passion in the statue-scene—she stood erect " a beau-
teous bust of monumental marble." This was the best
acted, as the play is to be performed no more it would be
gratuitous censure to add the only well acted, scene in the
play. Mr. Archer made Po(sixenes a very difFerclit sort of
personage from what Shakspcare intended he should be.
It is not easy to tell often what character this gentleman
personates, or in what tragedy he performs, for he mouths
his part so egregiously that it might be a speech in Othello
or Ifamlel he is speaking for aught we are able to judge
from any distinct or articulate sounds that reach the car.
Mrs. West was very spirited in her remonstrances against
the injustice done the Queen. There were some passages
in her part, which at no distant period in our political his-
tory would have created a very lively excitement in the
minds of an English audience. Zarnaster followed ; like
the Cataract it continues to cause an overflow at half-price,

P‘tSIIIONAnLE INT!? L LICENCZ.

ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE WEER.

THIS tre\tsc.
The duchess of Wellington's first grand assembly, A ps:ey
I leniv.
:qrs. Thorns. Chaplin's mot, Ornftem-street, ]load, y.
Mrs. Iteilbv Thotriron's rout.
Mrs. lin Mr.% rout. King street. l'ortnin-square.
I.ser assembly, Berlt.ler-stittews.
Mr. Mts. i:gerttoet patty, at. Janoe's-stittste.

TO-xoßßow.
The Honourable 3lrs. falrert's concert. Graftorstraet.
Alnt. John Capers party. Russell-sr:hare.
The Countess of Arran's assembly, Dorer.street.

IV i DNE SDA V.
Almatk's grord hall, Willie. Rooms.
Lord Saltoun's party, Great Cumberiand.plare.

TTIrIISDAY.
The Cou"te•s of Catodllies *inn rout, Privy-gardens.
Mr. and Mrs. Camse's party, Manatield.street.

FRIDAY.

The 'Nebr.% of Northumberland's second grand assembly,.
No-thumterland flame.
Mr. and 3lra. Blackburn% mut. Park Amen, Weetuineter.
The Honourable Mrs. William Gosling's assembly, Portird
Mrs. General (hr's concert, Giourreer-place.
Rir Robert 31acfarlane's party. Cumberland-place.
Lord and Lady King's party, Dover-street.
SATIAID•Y.
NYC EvelynNfete at Riehroond.

The Doi of WcaunoriZd'a—pa-rty. Grosvenor-Knape
lewd James Stuan's party, Whitehall-place.
Lord mad Lady King's party, Dover-atrcet.

ICNDAT.

The ennntetts St. Antonio's assemhly. Hinover.squars.
The Honourable J. Abcreromby, .M.P.'s party, New-Ereer,
Spring-gardens.
Sir W. A hdy, Bart. has issued cards of invitation fora concert,
on the 22d inst. at his house, flilhatreet, Berkeley-sqpare.
The Archbishop of Canterbury entertained • Lege party at
dinner yesterday. at Lambeth Palace.
Countess St. Antonio entertained a nnmerous party of the had
ton yesterday evening. at her house. lianorer-square.
Lord Ellenbomugh entertained the Earl and Countess of Fal.
mouth and a large party at dinner yesterday, at his scat at
Itwhatrpton.
Dowager Lady Anson had a dinner party yesterday, at her house.
in Curzon-street, May-fair.
Sir George IVarrender. Bart, had a dinner party yesterday, at
his house, Whitehall-plitee.
Owen F:sq. M.P. had a large party at inner yester.
day, at his house in Berkeley-square.
The Duke of Grafton entertained a distinguished party at dir.ner
yesterday, at his house in Clarges-street.
Viscount Hampden had a dinher party yesterday, at Ills house in
Green-street, Ornsvettor.square ; ChM) W. H. Fellows, Esq. M.P.
at his house in Lower Derkeley-strect.
The dlarquis of Lansdown, Lord Sherhorne, W. H. Fellowes,
Esq. .M.P. and M. A. Taylor, Esq. M.P. had dinars parties on
Saturday.
Lord and Lady King entertained, on Saturday, id dinner, the
F.ari of C.:manor. Lord Cawdor, Lady E. F3rtestue, William
Fortescue, Esq. Miss Fox, Mr. Bruce, &e. at their house in
Dover-street.

Mr. and Mr*. Hope hare irrtied cards of invitation fora dinner
party on the :7th inst. at their house in lilansfield-street.
The Duke of Norfolk hat left town for Paris for about three
orrkg.

.
1 he Earl and Countess of Hardwick and family arrived on Sa.
turday at their house in St. James's-rquare, from their seat, 'trim.
pole, Cambridgeshire.
The Countess of Sandwich arrivni on Saturday,i her house in
Dover street. from her seat. inch in hmoke. Huntiankdon.
Lord and body Arundcl left town on Saturday, for the Duke of
Buckingham's seat, Stowe.
The Earl and Comte.% Sefton and the Ladies Molrneux, left
town yesterday. for their seat. Stoke Farm. near Wintisur.
Mr. and Mrs. Eyre hare arrived at the St. Georges Hotel, Albe-
nvarle-nreet, from a tour.
The Dowager Country,' of Lismnee has left the London Hotel,
Albemarle-street, fiw Hastings. Sussex.
The Countess of Effingham left the Pulteney Hotel, Albemarle.
tarry, on Saturday. for her seat in Berks.

. .
Lord and Lady F. L. Gower and family are expected in town to.
day, from the Continent.
Arrivals at FLauag's Hotel. Oaf, 1-street :—The Earl and
tens of Roamer?, from Ireland : E. B. Impey F.Fq. from
Nev:ck ; ft. !tontheote, Esc. fmtrt Newengle, Staffordshire;
K. terx.rv. Esq ;ran Norwich; H. hharp. Eui. from a tour;
Warrlogton.Col. ditto; die Rev. Mr. Allen, ditto. Dr.
partur.3 t—Sir 11. and Lady Fit:herbed and family, for Derby.
shire; .4r. and Mni. Peva. fe. litlebrcend ; Capt. and Mrs. Hal.
main and family. for Ireland• T. Atitildr. Esq. for Henley-upon.
Thames; and E. railer. Ea; for Baxmundham.

7 r jfARQT`IS OF VllO A. DERR' 41VD
.thirrlg pky..l tc fad. whew, an *tat OKI-
.
XO,l toriwaiu her daft, to be settl y the law
rt , that the *wwil is r.„,./. without being
•fatal
an t b:),11 parties to the ref.-renee have procured
.:;ntual Tedrcssot gnetarces, sod ,et remain on this side

the mom,

A intgilr.g bus within •c-. days taken place be-
tween the Al:.ry:is of to. fly and Cornet BAT-
-1 I Lit ; the former nttenartt by bit. H. Flartlinge, Al. P.
and the latter by Colonel Wodchoose. The Cornet's pis-
tol, as if the trigger had been for the moment endow-et'
with a glimmering of reason, refused to perform its office
—it missed fire, and by so doing placed its unoffending
owner at the mercy of the Marquis. The Marquis, how-
ever, with that manliness of spirit which is honourable to
his character, refused to avail himself of this accidental
advantage, and offered his own pistol to the Cornet, with
a request that he would resume his position and fire again :
the latter, with a feeling equally honourable, declined the
offer, and both parties, with their seconds, left the ground.
We trust that this rcnrwdre will operate as a restorative to
those better feelings which will in future supersede all
personal enmity, and that the Tex 1 it will manifest here-
after less of that offensive pride of aristocracy, which has
made them so unpopular. Our parting wish is, that they
may deserve to stand as high in the public opinion as they
do in their own—and higher they cannot stand.

AMBITION INT Tilt TTNTH.—TiIe Tullio Freeman's
Journal contains the following paragraph :—The Tenth,
who are outer in almost everythir.g, have likewise in their
band a giant, who frequently prided himself in the belief
of his being the tait-st and handsomest man in the empire,
from the circumstance of baying measured with, and ex-
ceeded in height, the persons formerly exhibited as giants
in this city. A few evenings ago, he visited the French
giant, Mor.s. Jaques, who is now exhibiting at the Royal
Arcade, with the hope of putting an extinguisher also on
his pretensions to great-xis, and thereby keeping thelidd
to himself ; but be soon found a mistake in his calculation,
for on stretching himseljup by the aide of this petit maitre,
his head only reachca the i•A in of Monsieur, when be
quaintly declared, he " would ncver think 'himself gre,:t
affo i 1 .
Letters from Cons'antinople, dated Apni 2, state that
the Pacha of Egypt lies abaadoood all proasesliog
against the Morea, but that his son, who is reckoned an
able leader. will be sent thither with a force.
GA NA I. IN I'll A.— From the western part of the city
of Saigon, in Cochin China, a river or canal has been re-
cetitly cut, twenty-three English miles long. connecting
with it branch of the Cambodia River, by which a free
water communication is opened with Cambodia, which is
called by the Onamese Coantaigne. This canal is twelve
feet deep throughout, about eighty feet wide, and was cut
through immense forests and lIMOTIiEti, in the short space
of six wecks. Twenty-six thousand men were employed,
night and day, by turn, in this stupendous undertaking,
and seven thousand lives sacrificed by fatigue and eonse-
qnent disease. The banksof this am( arc already planted
with the palmitia tree, which is a great favourite with the
Onaniese.—Lit, rare, Chronicle.

Ca: revere.—Ott hursday morning a child about nine
yenta old was sent by his father with a bundle. containing two pair
of boots and a pair of shoes, to a gentleman in the Temple: he
was met in Middle 1 ernpledane, next Temple-bar, by a fashion-
able dressed personage, wearingmnstachion, who stopped the boy.
and desired him to go to the fishing-tackle shop directly opposite
the lane, and ask for a fishing-rod in the name of Thomas or
Tbompoon. at the same time giving him a piece of paper, which
, he represented as containing a sovereign, telling him he had to pay
! as., and he was to bring back ISs. change. and wits promised to
be rewarded with a penny. The child immediately turned back to
go on the errand, the person offering to take care of the bundle,
which the boy relined : the fellow, however, succeeded in forcibly
taking it from him, and the boy, without suspicion, crossed over,
and delivered the message. Mrs. Pompon received the paper.
which, on opening, she found contained a halfpenny g and suspect-
ing the child had been made the dupe of some artful villain, ques-
tioned him if lie had bad a parcel, to which he replied in the utile-
motive. Mrs. Vstonson told the boy he had bee, imposed nye.
and on his returning in search of the mustachioed g irdetnan, found
he had decamped.—A similar trick had been played upon &amber
boy, who had lost a down umbrellas in the neighbourhood of
Lincoln's inn-lipids, by a person answering the as Ix nictiptioo.

FLVI: ARTS.

EXHIIII M TION
sTS OF THE SOCIETY OF BRITISH
tlt, SUFFOLK-STHEET.

have already made some general observations on this
lfc
noiy..projcctoi :hickey of British Artists. This being
their fist exh,t we cannot expict to And in it so
isloy spe. cimems or excellence as a veteran establishment
Too be export ti to produce, or as they themselves win
rduce whi.a longer titne has wrfected their arrange-
as in the present
ionts• The arida of eonipet tion, where,
there is moiling of unworthy jealousy or-malignant
&T.
fatiourable to the advancement of the arts, and
the interests of those who follow them as a profession;
it tends to diffuse inure widely a taste for their productions,
dto keep e that enthusiasm whieh is to sustain and
in
reward their labours. Il'c remark several portraits in this
Exhibition, aud some of them of very considerable merit.
Portrait painting is not very favourable to creative talent,
awl the leading encouragement given to this branch of the
et, has, we think, a tendency to retard its general pro.
less- Public patronage is, perhaps, not yet sufficiently
munificent to enable the genius of the native British School
11 rely upon itA own strength : it is necessarily therefore
drown upon those or
which ace only to be found in
we prevailing taste, or in that department of it, at least,
hich makes the most successful appeal to the sympathies
of the opulent. and that is made through the medium of
portrait painting ; for a rich patriots vanity always
Tempts him to believe that be never throws such a flood
of illustration upon the arts, as when he gives the world
a picture of himself
No. I —As Italia.' & ne. by GLOVER. does not give that vivid
repteseration of nature which we are accustomed to receive from
Lie pm.ed ;,but there are several landscapes iu the present exhibition
which stistain his fame, and in which the glow of light, the far-oft
waters, the rich 'weep of verdure, and that fine swell of mountain
+anal in which b: excels!, are given with all that felicity of effect to
which he owes bis reputaiton.
Portrait of Dr. Pheckard; 11. MEYER, may possibly
be a good likeness, but lo other respects Its claims an but slender.
The flesh is chalky, and appears to iiene pester disadvantage from
being sonearly contrasted 'nth N 0.13, Portrait of Sir 0. ( onerell,
Um. MY. which is painted with an exact adherence to truth and
simplicity. The tone of colouring is true thseen roughout, and
that any one
the
mar pronounce upon it, without haring the original,
resemblance is faithful. It is a performance which does the highest
emit to the talents of the artist. Ile is true to nature, who never
in the end fails so bestow on her votaries the reward of their

PORTSMOUTH, MAY 8.

C(_)RRifEPONDENCE OF' DR. PIIILLPOTTS AND ti 1 1 of late, in a romphlet containing a printed 4, Report of but the difficulties with which his Majesty's Ministers have to I
THE Co,kl MI TT ER OF Tilt DARLINGTON cu"•
Al b the last Scutum of Parliament on the, contend, in dealing with intractable colonies abroad, and hostile I
ANTI. the substancet of a e ate in
sr.., VERY SOCIETY. • abolition of slavery," which we presume from your letter you must commercial internam at home, render it indispensable that they :
Yeeterday Morning his Majesty's bomb Terror, Cape. A. P. V.
—...5ea55....... ' have seen ; hut having recently heard that a copy of your letter thouhi make no misetke as to the feeling of the country-that they Arbuthnott. Railed for A Igi taking despatches *WV' Admiral
foe-
No. 1. I has been exhibited In Durham as containing most cogent and unans • should not want any motive on the one hand, or tiny juatification Sir Harry Neale, (wlimn she e sto find in that bay), inform.
Rev. Sir,-Having been appointed to handof swevabk facie and avgnments in opposition to our views, we beg to on the other, in following up the measures to which they have ing him, it is presumed, what his been the final deteetssinstion of resolutions on the other side, we beg • f you a cogy the
e y offer to your notice the following observations : - pledged themselves. Minister,' with mono to the Dry of Algiers. It would appear, from will have great pleasure in aide,
et your 'onto osal, Is rl.but" I We cannot but regret that, so far from uniting with us In our Before we conclude, allow us to add, we observe with surprise the nature of the a'reparationt made and '
ordered, that it la not in-
don, a number of papers relative to theypr t degraded co. I •tion endeavours to promote the greduid and total abolition of slavery, your closing (shall we say) imprecation on our labours, with ell the tended to make) an attack cm Algiers by a united force of the slave population in the British Colonies (a copy of some of You are induced to express your decided diaappmbation of our ex.iuntbunded reasons unavailingly adduced in support of such extra- force of ships, but if the Dey should still refuse to • accede
which we now send you); and we beg to add, that it is the opinion ertiona In the
.great tatme, and to stamp our proceedings as •• a ordinary language from the pen of " a Miniver of the gospel of to neeeveavy hut what may be deemed coercive teams, ;tacks
of the society, that a petition to both Houses of Parliament, from wild mtemPl• from which " almost certain mischief must en. i peace." We are however encouraged to persevere, from the belief win be nightly made diem the town and defences of Algiers, by the
oar hope and, its vicinity, praying their continued attention to this sue," and in which your prayer is, that we may be signally Lis- -that it is no less acceptable in the Divine sight at this day than it employment of bomb. and mortar vessels. To announce this intro..
subject, united to many similar petitions now preparing in various awaited l I will formerly, to exert ourselves "to loose the hands of wielteduerws tion, we believe the Terror lug now proceeded; and It appears pro.
parts of the kingdom, wouhl greatly contribute to i • We rejoice. however, to find, that you so far unite In our views' to undo the heavy burdens, and to let the oppressed go free."
encourage in •habk that Capt. Arbuthnott will, in the first place, land at Al.
Majesty's. government in following up those resolutions which the as to feel " a confident persuasion that the gradual, and it may be, We are, giers, and endeavour to bring the Dry to a sense of what la due to
society rejoice to find were unanimously bra last &radon ofoperation of the principles of the British Constitution and of Yours, most respectfully, ' the offended Government of our King, from his past conduct in
Bement. We shall feel much obliged by the favour of an early I Christianity will, under the bletsing of Providence, eventually pre- on behalf of the Committee, _ violating the Exmouth treaty, and of the situation in which his
reply, Parliament being on the eve of meeting, - ' rail to extinguish altogether the state of slavery itself in every poi. CHARLES nota.or, capital will become, by a pertinacious rejection of all amicable
I am, Rev. Sir, for Joisein Pease and self, I tion of our extended empire." And we also may be permitted to Jr./SO:PH PEASE Jun.
• means of reparation. The same moms of reconciliation, and of
Your obedient servant, express our firm conviction that they will prevail against everything Secretaries in the Anti-Slavery security for the future, will probtbl he to iosed to the Beys of
%Olson's, 30th Jan. 1824 w. By:stmt. I wh.ch is repugnant to this spirit,--and what can be more so than To 11. Pbffipotte, D.D. Society, Darlington. Tunis dT ' l but • is Y P I
ati 'Tripoli, I, hove scarcely a doubt of their arqui-
To the Rev. Dr. Phillpotts, Stanhope. slavery ? os---- esrenee. The time bombs to be employed are, the Terror, Capt.
Tile following are the Resolutions alluded to in Mr. Rymer 's • I We shall, in the first place, notice a remark in your letter, that No. 4. ___o . A. I). Y. Arbutlinott ; .he Infernal, Carl. IL H. Barclay (who so
Letter, No. I.:- 1 the resolution of Mr. Buxton " was received in the House of Com. Durham, March I greatly dioiaguished himaelf in the flotilla, on the Lakes of Cs. I At a meeting of the Committee of the Society, established at . mons with so hole favour, that he consented to withdraw it, end to OCSTI.Estiw.-Being accidentally in Durham this morning, I
- 1 nada); the 11,:tna, Capt. Sand ; the Met , Capt. Jae. Seoul
Darlington, tbr the abolition of slavery, held in the Town Hall,'. see it replaced by " one more consonant to the general feeling of have received your letter of yeaterdaye date. I and three mortar vessels, to one of which (the Falmouth. at Delst-
the 211th instant, Jonathan Blaekbume, jun. Esq. fn the chair, , that a•sernbly." You afterwanls express some surprise, that the That you retain your fornier sentiments does not rurpriee me; , ford , Lieut. John M. La ws is appointed t' the '
command. Tbe lad
It was reaolved, •ftsat the state of slavery is repu tto the • !mi,_-SlarerY, ,trielety in Darlington should seek covertly to force , nor perhaps will you be astonished that mine are unchangod. I accounts trom Algiers that
state tee Alge•ine cruisers had all to.
principles or the British oanatittot" and of the Christian religion, back on tne grouses as the sentiment of the people at gar e, that ! I wish however to apprise you, that it has been wholly without I turned to that port, where they had been stripped of their rigging,
and that it might to be gradually abolished throughout the British . very resolution which, you add, I° wits so peremptorily rejected." I my knowledge, and (-unwary to my wiah, that any copy of my let. their masts taken out, and they sunk in port, to prevent their fall•
dominion, with as much expedition as may be consistent with a ' Went it no favour to Mr. Buxton's motion that a unes of resolutions •• ter to you has bad exhibited here or anywhere else. To say the ing into the hands of the English. The Infirm/ Cat. B rel , apt. a ay.
due regard to the well-being of the par ies concerned ; end ode ; which satisfied that Gebtletnan, and of which Mr. Canning him. truth, I bad resolved to avoid giving any degree of publicity to will hr the next ready to mil.
meeting, being desirous of exciting as much imerat ea possible
not said, .. Between the two sets of resolutions the difference is I what had passed.
our
I wrote my lallei to you, I apprehended The Thetis frigate, Sir John Phillim ,is expected to arrive
throughout this county, on behalf of those unhalnay victims, who ' not very estential," as then unanimously adopted by the House ?' an intention, on your part, to endeavour to obtain the concurrence here on Turoday, to embaik a rocket brigsde, for • on the
are, in defiance of every principle of homaniir and Justice, deprived Was it of to importance to procure these, sa substantially embrac. 'of this pert of the British public in the resolutions of your Com. western coast of Africa.. The Thetis, it is understood, will mooed
of that freedom to which, as fOlow-crestures and British subject, •in g the greet object which Mr. Buxton had in view, virtually re. niittee, which you tiansmitted to me: and an in that case I should .1: 1 ,
...rect.), to same coast,
they are entitled, and still retained in opareuive bondage. 1 cording an acknowledgment of its justice, and pledging the House' hose thought it right in give a copy or DI y let te, ti' Several of my The fine division of the litli regiment embarked front this men.
I
Did also resolve, That correspondence should be immediately , "id the country to the adoption of such effectual anddecisive mu- I friends, I ordered fifty copies of it to be printed. These we rent UM yesterday, in the Success transport, Lieutenant S. P. Pritcluud.
entered into with such individuals sit this meeting was eucouragni es
for the anoraticm of the condition of the slaves as would Ito me, but only one was given by me. and that one to my mieh. and sailed this afternoon for Dublin. Yesterday, the lilt division
to hope would cheerfully naoperate in giving ample publicity to . eventually prepare them for emancipation ? But you my the Ho. ' bour, the Rector of 11•olsingham, who had informed me that he (*dm 95th regiment sailed for Malta, in the Surre. Lieutenant Rd.
such infortnation as the Parent Society should transmit, and in noural•lelllover withdrew his resolutionagain you say, Owes had received • similar letter, from Mr. Rymer. and Mr. Pease, tn
, Comes. The Cato, Lieutenant Meredith, •id they Printed Orange.
otherwise supporting its views. , rejeetetl.-,:an both be true ?-ean that be tiaid to have been done that which had been addressed to me. An, however, he not only Lieutenant Thomas Williams, pencil .yesterday foe Cork, to em.
January 211, 1824. . peremptorily which never was done Ye-And how is it proved that : was told by me that 1 intended to give no unnecessary publicity to bark the 71st regiment for Canada. The Marquis of Huntly.
1 those intentions are covert which are openly avowed ? 'what bad passed, but likewise es his own opinion on that point co- Lieutenant Lenin, Railed for Oreeoock to embark part of the Oath
No 2. But permit us to add afterwards in rept'. to your arguments, that 1 Incided with my wish, I am quite sate that his copy was not enhi- regiment for Gibraltar.
Stanhope, Feb. max the state of swap, is out.tvegosig to t‘o gotpcapko of the British tatted. It remains, that the printer mum have taken some copy or On Thursday the Jaime's, 10 Captain lint (i. Trefusia, stalled
,
1 Sir-4 hare to acknowledge the riceipt of a packet containing Constitution and of Chriatlanity. WelsiChow you reconcile tire copies for htmeell; and'l hors 9ent 10 =Pram to him my SIMI stun`rsey, to peOttet the oyster fisheries. mouth,ie 10. Lieu.
certain resolutions of " a meeting of the committee of the society ! two following paragraphs of your letfer ?-" If the prineiples of disapprobation of what he has done. P. Justice, arrived to.day from Ply and remains the
established at Darlington, for the abolition of slavery," holden on • cur holy refight/1 arc appealed to, lam struck with the glaring With entire good-will, with sincere respect for the motives only ship of war at Spithead. In the flute-my-Victory, Bulwark,
Thursday last, divers tracts on the present state of negro slavery in : fact, that its Divine Founder liiinlf, when the relation of master which actuate you, and with a hearty wish that slavery may be Wellesley, Albion, Jupiter, Semarang, Medina, Cyrene. Sparrow.
the Wed Indies, and a request to me, by the direction of the and slave was specificall) brought under his notice, or became, as extinguished in every part of this empire, at as early a period sec gawk, and %Villiam and Mary yacht. The Queen Charlotte was
society, that I would endeavour to obtain front Stanhope, and its : it often tlki, incidentally the subject of his discourse. not only did the real welfare of the slaves admit, paid off on Monday.
vicinity, a petition to both Houser of Parliament, " which," in the • rot condemn it, but scents to bare given to it his implied, at least, I tun, Gentlemen, your obedient Servant, Four frigates are ordered to be put into commission. and fisted
opinion of the Society, " united to many similar petitions now pre- ;if no; his express, sanction, and that it was a muter of slaves, ad. I HENRY Pll I LLPOTTS. out for the relief of otherswhosethree ofservice het ~
paring in various parts of the kingdom, would greatly contribute • dressing our Lord in that very character, referring to his own have not read the pamphlet to which you refer, but I have or. pig; vie. the Seringapatam, at this pcirt a the Lavinia and Dart-
to encourage his Majesty's government in following up the resulu. authority over his slaves, and to his uncontrolled exercise o.
f that dered it, in consequence of what you my. mouth, at Plymouth ; the Blonde, at ‘Voolerieb. Captain George
lions unanimously passed in the last Session of Parliament." To Messrs. 011 and P
I authority, who received the highest praise ever vouchsafed to oto Pre. Anson Byron is appointed to the Seringapatam.
;ratan. - That our Lord's immeditte followers and apostles never
Thus particularly addressed by you. and requested to return anLieuterant Charles Cotton (son of the lad Admiral Sir Charles
early answer, I fear that I might incur the appearance of some di.-' once breathed a syllable in condemnation of the relation itself." No. b. Cotton, Bart.) is promoted to the rank of Commander. Captain
respect, if I should content myself with giving • simple negative to And
I again--" That if nothing more be meant in the resolution, W. Hotham is appointed to the Sappho. Lieutenants J. 'West and
your application. I feel, too, that it is the bounden duty of one. I than that the principles of the British Constitution and of the J. Catnillari, to the .Et-a; Lieutenant John Fletcher, to the Al.
who thinks as I think on this occasion, to speak his mind plainly' Christian religion are repugnant to the state of slavery, I beg leave bion; Mr. Richarkon (who accompanied Captain Franklin in his
and frankly on the dangerous tendency of a proceeding in which he : to assent to it mostcordially, and to expects my fervent hope, or overland expedition to ley Cape). to be surgeon of the Plymouth
is thus called upon to join. ‘Fhile, therefore, Ido entire-justiee . rather confident persuasion, that the gradual, and it may be slow division of royal marines ; the Rev. IYilliatn Evans to be chaplain
to the benevolent motives which have dictated the Resolutions of operation of those principles, by controlling the selfish holing; of of the Victory.
the Society's Committee, I shall not acct le to state the reasons , themaster, by elevating the charatter. of the slave,-above all, by
-- • - •• • in, - mai

rllr lance
22.—The &yolk Peogse is Egypt, J. M•wrisr.—The re-
presentation of this Seventh Plain', with all its majestit amen.
pawn:tots of " thunder and hail, and fire mingled with the hail,"
win certainly an heroic attempt on the part of .Mr. Martin ; it was
a matter of course that he should fail m his conception of it, but
io this respect he has, at least, the merit of failing where no one
would have succeeded. • flail. mingling its tributary stream with
fire, that" ran along upon the ground !" The imagination may
be kindled to the conception of such a scene, but to put it upon
canvass is beyond the reach of art. It is therefore no discredit to
51anin that, in the present instance, his pencil has been un-
faithful to his fancy. Ile has produced a splendid picture. viewed
merely er • picture; whether the scene is natural is a question
which ought not to preface our admiration of it, because it is a
scene wholly out of nature—its subject is such as to offer nothing
wherewith we can compare it. The plague: that of lict us in these
times, and we have enough of them, are of a quite different kind;
we must therefore look at this perfurmanct H nely as a composition,
and, in this view of it, it is grand and impressive : if there are
some features that are extravagant about it, we must consider our-
selves as in the land of Egypt, and attend only to the reflections
which such a situation would suggest, while we figure to ourselves
those days of plague and pestilence, which, happily, have long
since past away. Mr. Martin always takes care to choose those
subjects which give most scope to that richness of colouring, and
that profusion of decorative splendor, in which lie no generally ex-
cels. In doing so he does steely. It is in the brarnro of the art
that his execution is most complete : in the common, every-day
track, he is nothing : in the drawing and drapery of his figures he
fails sadly ; and what is worse, fails because, apparently, he will be
st no pains to suicecd. Mut shin he cdmcs to till up his Oriental
fat-ground, his romantic pencil revel.: in all the hues of the rain-
bow; the clustered flowers glow with a freshness and beauty of tint
that is quite magical, and we cahnot look upon his pictures without
exclaiming, in the language of Co ti.nt Ilanotn,
"what fruits of Ingest:oe blush on every tree !
What goodly plespects,o'er the hills expand !"
This artist walks in aped' of his own, and if it is not " a oh.
rious departure front vulgar bounds," is is at lent • departure best
fitted for the display of Ins peculiar and extrannlinsty talents.
65.—" I :rill fight," P. Si MPSON. The expresston in the face
of the little irritated pugilist is quite in character, and is well con.
treated with the mild features of his interposing companion, when
kindness is reatraininghiru. It is an animated picture aan early
display of the Feral. and does great credit to the artist.
60.—Uirrater, C'xinberksid, looking to-.cards Paiterdak,T. C.
I.IOFLAeII. We ellitAot pan this beautiful prospect without
ur
nm,'"tivrtt which lilt itroundZVilicrerat WI"
" Tv:l"'
aniAleatoesa which 3Pu'er" *ur res-4/
stamps a value on the pictu
excelle,,t artist independent of their subject, which is alwayff
tractive mil well selected.

Darlington, March 6, 1824.
Stz,—We have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 3d
inst., and are happy to find that, with ourselves, you can look for.
ward to the extinction of slavery, with hearty wishes fur its early
and judicious accomplishment.
You have mentioned that you have parted with only one copy of
your letter, which is in the possession of the Hector of Wolsing.
barn ; we have to request you will allow that gentleman an early op.
portunity of perusing our answer, as containing a fuller explanation
of our views on this important subject, and a justification of our
present exertions in the cause.
_

XAVAL NTELLIGEA CE.

_„
~... —.--...
which Wild me to cociii In carrying the7m into effect. —.
I insuring the active sympathy of a Christian people, and the equ.
The first of these Resolutions is the Name with that which was Justice of a Christian Legislature. as it has already done much to
advanced last year in the House of Cemmons by Mr. Buxton, and ' modify and to mitigate, will. under the blessing of Providence,
was there received with so little favour that the Honourable Mover : eventually prevail to extirguisli altogether the state of slavery in
himself consented to withdraw it, and to see it replaced by one more :every portion of our extended empire."
consonant to the general feeling of that assembly. As the Society I How can the equal justice of a Chetsien Legislature. to the
" rejoices" in the unanimous proceedings of all parties on that oc. 1 Principles of which, you argue, slavery is not repugnant, avail
I anything in doing it away ? How can you cordially anent to •
casion, I may be permitted to express some surprise, that it should
position which describes the principles al the Christian Religion rnow seek covertly to force back on the House. as the 'sentiment of i
i the people at large, that very Resolution which was then so per-
tergimant to a state of slavery, whilst you say that that very state
emptorily rejected.
I received the implied, at least, if not the express, sanction of this
But permit me to say a few words on the Resolution it.elf. I Divine Founder of Christianity ? And how can you ewes •
`• That the state of adorer is
Christian Religion" is repugnant to the principles of the ! confident persuasion that Christian principles will eventually pee.
British Constitution and of t
is a position I veil to extinguish slavery, when you say that thaw who were ire-
which it would, I conceive, be necessary to guard with much of ; moliateli comenisioned to promulgate those principles, near
breathed a syllable in condemnation of it ? And how can you ars-
rfttriction and qualification, before it could receive the assent of i
I ticipate the blessing of Providence on labour% for the extinction of
any sober inquirer. To say the truth. lam not sure that I un.
that relation in society, which you soy our Saviour sanctioned?
derstand the real meaning daigned to be conveyed by it. If it be
And how can you speak of the selfish feelings of a master of slaves
intended to imply, as front the accompanying matter it appears to
being controlled by Christianity, when you say it was one in that
be, that the existence of the state of' slavery, in any of the remote
vet, character, referring to his own authority over his slaves, and I
dependencies of this great empire, is incountent with therinciples
.e am . to his uncontrolled exercise of that authority, who received frown
of the British Constitution, and of the Christian Religion,
quite at a loss to conjecture on what grounds of fact, or reasoning,out Lned the highest praise ever vtsechsafed to inn ?
such a proposition ten be maintained. Allow us to suggest, that you would have escaped what apples
to us to be a contradiction, had you with candour imitated the be.
I cannot forget that the principles of the British Constitution had
noureble conduct of the Worthy Secretary, Mr. tanning, in that
their origin at a period when a large proportion of the people of this
. meinnaable debate to which you allude, by expressing, in his own
land were slaves; that some of its main bulwarks were reared On
what it appears to have been your intention to imply." Us.
the distinction between the free and servile classes of Englishmen iemdss
doubt:elle the spirit of the British Constitution is hostile to any
themselves ; that even its last glorious perfections were given to it I
in times when the state of slavery in the British Colonies was re-; modification of slavery. Assuredly no Christian will deny that the
spirit of the Chistien Religion is hostile to slavery, as it is to
ceignised and enforced by law. Nor can I readily believe that mac
illustrious men, to whom we owe the final establishment of our li_ every abuse and misuse of power.; it is hostile to all deviations
berries, were so ignorant, or se regardless of their own principles, from
as to permit them to be thus openly violated, not only without jus. W rectitude, morality, and justice."
hen you speak of the active sympathy of a Christian people,
tificatton, hot (from the little interest this country then had in Co- sad at the same time condemn certain Slats in behalf of the
lonics) almost without motive. slaves, without suggesting any thing to lieu of them—efforts,
Again, if the principles of our Holy Religion are appealed to, which it is the duty a everyone to make, who feels that principles
am struck with she gin din ing tan, ite Diehes Fninithm' himself: If benevolence are active priciples--we are at a loss to know how
when the mimes, of master and slave was specifically emegfiy under to estimate the value of Pier syamithi in behalf of' the slaves,
hts route, or became, as it often did, incidentally the subject of which says in effect-- " deport in trace," be ye warmed, be ye
discourse, not only 'did not condemn it, but seems to have given to filled," and never moves a bogey to aid them; nay, mere, which
it his implied at least, if not his express sanction. It was a master would stifle the voice of these who crave an amelioration of their
of slaves, addressing our Lord in that very character, refusing to condition. How far the Initial) Isegiaboure has been successful in
his own authority over his slaves, and to his uncontrolled exercise matifyieg and mitigating slavery, we leave you to judge from a
of that authority, who received the highest praise ever vouchsafed perusal of the following letter, addreased by Lieutenant-Colonel
el
to man. Could this have been, and r.o accompanying caution Arthur to Lord Bathunt, dated October 7, IWO :—" lam much
' given, if the state of slavery itself were absolutely inconsistent with distressed, my Lord, that my expectation have not been answered ;
' the very principles of the Christian faith ? I hardly reed to add, and such is the increasing severity stud cruelty which is now prat.
' that our Lord's immediate followers and Apostles, while they re. used with impunity, that I am mat reluctantly constrained to
patedly addressed both masters and stereo, on the respective dines bring the subject again under your Lordship's consideration"—
• resulting to each of them, as such, neveronce breathed a syllable in And surely the present condition of the sle.ves is the strongest
' condemnation of the relation itself; but rather deemed it necessary proof that the West Indian 3lclicaation Asa, as they are called,
' to instruct them how to combine it with their new relation of are a dead letter.
' brethren in Cbriet. Of our sound resolution you are pleased to express your marked
I repeat, therefore, that if the meaning of the Committee's first disappmbation ; and to censure, in the most unqualified manner,
proposition he what it appears to be, it is in my opinion directly our designation of the slaves in our West India colonies. as " un-
contradicted by the authorities on which it must be supposed to happy victims, who are, in defiance of every principle of humanity
rest. and justice, deprived of that freedom to which, as fellow-creatures
But if the converse of it be rather intended—if nothing more be and British subjects, they are entitled, and still are retained in
' meant than that " the principles of the British Constitution, and oppressive bondage." li e are happy in remarking, that the alarm
of the Christian Religion, are repugnant to the state of slavery," —the apprehensions of peril, the fear of inflaming those unfortu-
-1 beg leave to assent to it most cordially, and to express my fervent nate beings who are the objects of our Society's compassion, which
hope, or rather my confident persuasion, that the gradual, and, it you entertain, are not felt by us: we see no grounds for any such
may be, slow operation of those principles, by controlling the set. fears. You add, you consider the recital of these opinions perilous
fish feelings of the master, by elevating the character of the slave; and utterly unwarrantable.
above all, by ensuring the active sympathy of a Christian people, To prove that slaves are the unhappy victims of a mercenary
and the equal justice of a Christian legislature; as it has already eulaiaity,oe that they are deprived of their freedom, seems absolutely
done much to modify and mitigate, will, under the blessing of Pro. unnecessary. We ask, will any principle of humanity sanction one
vidence, eventually prevail to extinguish altogether the state of man in robbing another of his liberty, and of his happiness ?
slavery itself in every portion of our extended empire. Meanwhile I Even to pretend there can be a shadow of justice in suet a pro-
this happy result seems to me little likely to be forwarded by the eroding, and in wantonly binding him as a beast of harden—in
meweiree pursued and recommended by the Society at Darlington' tearing from him, in the most arbitrary manner, his nearest and
I cannot rend without alum—l could not adopt without the bit. I dearest connections in life,—in exacting his labours by tortures,
serest self-reproneh, the ewy perilous, and, as I conceive, the ut. I and stimulating hie efforts by stripes, would disgrace a Heathen,
terly unwarranted recital prefixed to your second res•Aution, de. much more a Christian.
scribing the slaves in our West Indian colonies. as " unhappy I As fellow-creatures, and equally with ourselves the creation of
victims, who are, in defiance of every principle of humanity and I hint whose tender mercies are over all his works, are they not also
Metier., deprived of that freedom to which, as fellow creatures and with ourselves equally entitled to freedom ? As British subjects
British subjects, they are entitled, and still retained in oppressive are they not entitled to freedom ? We are told by our highest legal
bondage." To me it appears, that the bitterest enemies of the authorities, that the Christian religion is the very basis of the law of
cause of emancipation could not devise language more likely to de. ; the land, and by Mr. Canning " that the statement that where the I
feat that cause—more likely to inflame—and by inflaming, to dia. I British Constitution is in full play, it does not admit of slavery, is
qualify for further indulgences the unfortunate objects of your i undoubtedly true." Sir Samuel Romilly said, " These poor ne.
society's companion. II bile every mall which arrives brings' gores, destitute, mineable, unfriended, and degraded as they are,
fresh tidings of carnations and insurrections, arising from the ex. I are nevertheless his Majesty's liege subjects, and are entitled to as
travagant hopes excited in the negreves by the discussion of their; much of the protection of the Matadi Constitution as ourselves, nay
interests in England; nothing could Induce me to join in the fear.' more, beeause they are deserted, destitute, anal degraded."
tul responsibility of sendine forth a petition so directly justifying. I The rumours and alarms of insurrection to which you refer (and
' I might rather say, so openly inviting, that most calamitous of a7l' which some new plots may he got up to magnify), are quite fami-
visitations, a servile war, with all the incalculable horrors which i liar to all who have lived during the slave trade controversy. There
must follow in its train. , was a regular importation of them every year whilst the question
And, after all, what is the urgent necessity of the proceeding :of the abolition was pending in the House of Commons, and there
which your Society recommends? Has Parliament ahawn any will he again plots, inning like former plots, as exhibited in Last night we received a file of American Papers to a
backwardness in listening on this occasion to the arguments ad- , Demerara, Jameica, &c., in the destruction, not of any white late date. The following are extracts:—
dressed to them ? On the contrary, you yourselvesproties to hail • life, but of an abundance of black ones. We must remind
with joy that unanimous vote of the last Session. which has you, that as to the discussion of Ma question here being so . [From the New York Adverliser of April 151
Pledged the House of Commons to " a determined and persevere I dangerous as you allege, the notion has been, in fact, 'con- II e have received, by the schooner 'body, a Cements paper of
ing, but judicious and temperate" solicitude, for the best interests tradicted and exploded by the ll'est Indians themselves, who the 24th ult. and letters flout Laguna of the 2flth. A }tench
of the negro slaves. Or has the Government testified any relue- : have been in the habit of inserting in the colonial newspaper I sloop of war had jun arrived in six slays from Martinique, haying
tance to execute the benevolent resolutions of Parliament ? So far I articles (and many specimens could be given), which might be on board a French Consul, to reside in ',squire.
from it, the leading Minister in the House of commons moved j supposed, to be of the most dugerous tendency, calculated to in. Up to the lath of January, the Congress of Colombia had not
those very resolutions; the Governors of Colonies have urged the • flame the minds of the black population, and even to tempt them to formeThe d a quorum'
local legislatures to co-operate in the cause,—and—andit is notorious 1 insurrection. Gazette of Bogota, of January 25, states that the adyices
that at this very time Government is ineolyeel in unfriendly discus. Now this fact Is a great awaitagemcnt to us to circulate the un. front Peru were of the 2aith December:—" The revolt of Aguera.
%ions with souse of those legislators, through its zeal and activity disguised truth, " that (to use the language of Mr. Pitt) slavery is and the reverses of Santa. Cruz, in the South of Peru, had thus tar
in forwarding the object confided to its care. the greatest praetical evil which ever affected the human race ;" or, delayed the opening of the campaign. The Chilies troops, 2,500,
had arrived at Call o, and were to be followed by 5110 cavalry.—
For these reasons, then, I must altogether decline making myself i as Sir. Justice Best expressed it from the Bench a few days ago,
During the last week, a company of French comedians
Santa Cruz was now poated in Arica, with a strong force, keeping
a party in the proceedings to which you invite me. I must do I " Slaverycrime of the nation, and every individual ought to
have been performing in Liverpool. more; as • minister of the gospel of peace, I mug respectfully but ; contribute his efforts to put an end to it." We further unite io the opi. the enemy in check.'
'f here is no truth in the report that Messrs. Sinclair and earnestly implore you to weigh well the hazanle to the public nun.' rains expressed in the House of Cnnunons, whatever apprehensions [Front the Notional Intelligetterr, April 7.]
bites are to be transplanted from the Garden to the Lone. quillity which thine proceedings necessarily involve. I must depre.i concerning the effects on the minds of the negro slaves might ne At lergth the Tariff Bill has been reported to the noose, from
The former has entered into a fresh engagement to sing rate eeere attempt to excite the popular feeling " throughout this I demised reasonable by indiridnals resident in this country; yet thole the Committee of the whole, in the House of Repreeentatiese.—
hay nights during the next season, and the latter's articles country,' united, as you tell me. with other similar attempts. " in I alarms Imre not been felt by those resident on the spot, where dab_ This waseffeeted by a sitting of seven hours yesterday, during which
various parts of the Kingdom," on an occasion when that feeling ; ger wild only arise, and where the probabilities might be moat there was a good deal of dismission, and a variety of amendment%
Ile not expire till next year. can do so very little goodoind may, I had almost acid must, cause' Justly estimated. And here is it unreasonable to ask, whether an pioposed, some of which succeeded, and others were rejected. (if
Aron LONICON CON crAtTP.—On Saturday the room so very much of eviL The utmost benefit which you profess to thing proves so strongly the inaptitude of the slaves to be roused to the debate, it is in vain to pretend to rive any account. Twenty
sad gallery appropriated to these Concerts were crowded to excess, reek from the utmost swan which can crown your undertaking is, insubordination and revolt by any events except those which parcolumns of the newspaper would not malice for it. ami we have but
and among the visitors were many of the nobility and diatinrtished "to encourage his Majesty's Government" in doing that which immediately on their senses, as the spectncle of negro liberty in St. two of the twenty to devote to the whole oh yesterday's proceedings.
fithionable families. The selection was chiefly from Moan, they hare already shown by their actions that they need no encou. Domingo triumphant over the most powerful obstacles ; that this An iinportant seep has thus been taken in the march of this Bill.
Rossini, and Bishop. The most effective pieces were a Maniac- ragement to do. The probable, the almost certain mischief should be placed for thirty years before their eyes, within the vial. Our readers are, however, cautioned against making calculations
[wan with airs from Doe Giotwaoi (Purkis) and Bishop's tele- which most ensue is, to delude the temorant and credulous negroes ble horizon of Jamaica, without producing any perceptible effect in on the decisions in the Committee of the whole, for they are all his.
anted glee. " When the wind blows," from The Miller and Mr into a belief that a large portion of the British people mourns over their habits of quiet submission, is a fact ; and yet you would have ble to be reversed, and, considering the closeness of some. of the
*Ng" the former of which was given with effect, and the latter them as the victims a a crud oppression, and call% loudly upon us to believe that the circulation of a few lines in this country. at a votes, cannot safely be relied on as indicative of what will ultimatelysell warmly rrirored, The whole performance went elf with Van, them to break their chains on the heads of their oppresoys. If you distance of many thousands of,miles, may raise an inextinguishable be done. The general principle of the Bill, moreover, will be fie-
nd was applauded generally. persist in the wild (attempt, may the good sense and the just feeling flame of mutiny amongst them. bated, and possibly settled, upon the announced motion of 31r.
Sefetein—`Saturday an Inquest was held before Thomas of Englishmen signally discomfit you! I pray this for your own A large proportion of the British people undoubtedly mourns Forsyth, before the amendments come up for decision.
Shelton, E.g. Corona, at the Feather Public-house, near the east Yokes, for the leaked humanity, above all, for 'the !sake of that un- over them, as the victims of a cruel oppression, and calls upon the Extract of a letter from St. Thomas's, dated eth March, toys—.
tile of the 'Feinple, on the body of a female unknown, who was happy race who are made the objects Of your too eager benevolence. British Government to persevere in their efforts for their relief, and " The schooner Ploughboy, from Guadeloupe for this place, was I
,iceout of the water of the river Thames, at the bottom of the I ant, Sir, by a gradual amelioration of their condition to prepare the way to captured by a French frigate. and ordered for Martinique. The The late letters from various parts of Greece furnish no
innple-gartlen., on Friday night last, y a water an named Your obedient Servant break their chains, under the firm persuasion that such measures Captain (11illyer) was detained on board the frigate in irons, hut
recent intelligence of political moment, yet the communi-
Whitrick. The deceased had no bonnet no, and it was remarkable HENRY PHILPOTTS. would best enure the personal safety of the white inhabitants of has since been liberated. The schooner belongs to Baltimore, and
general information of same interest. 1-e
find hy a
that she had only one boot on, and that was laced ; a alight mark To Wm. Rymer, Esq., Darlington. our colonies, and be ultimately attended with equal advantages to had regular papers and was regularly cleared out. The capture was I (Ate
of violence was observable Deer ber left eye, hut not of a nature to the oppressor and the oppressed, on plea of her being a pirate, having a few old muskets, and one letter from Lord Byron of a r.cent date, that his Lordeltier
canton death. Ila gown was Norwich crape. It was stated by No. S. l'ar from accusing the Legislature of any backwardness in listen. 41b. gun in her hold. There were, however II men on board, and I was at Missolonglii in much better health, and without
!ritual present that slue was supposed to be a female who leered Darlington, March 2,
.1824. ing to the arguments addressed to it on this occasion, we repeat, only ti on the roll. The schooner Sarah Ann, Capt. Seirignac. I having the least thought of returning to England. Fruits
Zn Waterloo_hrigge about three weeks ago. No evidence being Sir,—We were duly favoured with your letter addressed to us 1 that we hail with joy its proceedings in this rause; but it is ne. sailed from this three months once, and has not been heard of alive.
I communication there can be no doubt of the fills, h,ssl
nbrought forward to Mend,' the hod y, to prove by what mans through Mr. Rymer. and should have immediately replied to it, eeliirieY, more necessary than ever, that the voice of the British The Captain was robbed by his crew, when here, aril three is
y, or
of the reports which have been circulated as to his ()itemise
It cam* into the water, identify
Jury returned a verdict of " Found had we not considered that every argument which you adopt to die.' public should Sue heard- We believe Me. Canning to be sincere, reason to believe they mutinied. She was ;lint 70 or de tons, and
browned." 'made Italian our purpose had been many times Mintrovateel ; par. and that he 1:04 the confidence of his distinguisael colleagues; had a full cargo." ' faction at :Lc present state of things its Greece.

We are, Sir, yours respectfully,
CHARLES GOLLOP.
To H. Phillpotts. D.D. JOSEPH PEASE.

No. 6.

Admiral Sir George Martin's Ong was struck on Hoard the Vic.
tory. at Portsmouth, on Saturday last, going upon leave ; Captain
T. Dundas, of the Bulwark. has in consequence hoisted a broad
pendant on board his ship, during the absence of the Commander-
In-Chief.
The Jasper, Captain the Hon, 0 R. W. Trefusis, having un-
dergone a refit at Portsmouth, has returned to Jersey, in order to
afford protection to OUT oyster fisheries near that island.
The Queen Charlotte, Captain Nash, was put out of commission
at Portsmouth on Monday last. The Seringripatarn has been or.
dered to be bmaglit forward for being commissioned ; Capt. Byron
has been spoken of as likely to command her.
The Basilisk cutter sailed from Portmouth on Saturday last far
Sheerness; and the Arrow cutter, Lieutenant J. Powney, on
Monday, on a cruise.
Four frigates will be commissioned immediately ; namely—the
Seringapntam, at Portsmouth ; the Blond, at Woolwich ; the
Dartmouth, at Plymouth ; and the Diamond, at Chatham. Some
line-of-battle ships are said to be bringing forward likewise, to be
stationed at the different ports, in addition to the present number of
guard-ships.
The workmen on the nit* bomb, in Chatham-yard, are em-
played extra houn in expediting that vessel for sea. 'The saint ex-
ertions are making in the other dock-yards, where bomb-vessels are
fitting, from which it is inferred that more active operations are in
contemplation against Algiers.
Ships in flarbour—Victory, 'Wellesley, Albion, Bulwark. Royal
George, William and Mary yacht, Jupiter, Samarang, Medina,
l'yrene, Spannwhawk, Linton, and QuaiL

Stanhope, March 8,1824.
ifiendemen,—l have received your letter of the 6th, and, agree-
ably to your request, have transmitted your letter to the Rector of
Wolsingham, for his pen.sal.
In the haste which I wrote to you on the Bd, I believe that I
omitted to state to you that m reason for not circulating copies of
my letter to Mr. Rymer, was the satisfaction I felt in perusing the',
very 'moderate resolutions adopted by your Society at the public
meeting at Darlington.
1 will frankly tell you that the charge of inconsistency advanced
againt me in your former letter, appears to me utterly unfounded.
But I have no inclination to continue a controversy, which would
now be without any practical object.
I repeat, that I am, rg every sincere Christian must be, very
heartily desirous that slavery should terminate everywhere, but
more especially In the British Settlements. That the almost uni.
mrsal feeling of the country is in favour of this object I have little
doubt, and as little that Parliament and his Majesty's tievernment
are aware of that feeling, and will give it all due weight in their
deliberations. But I ant equally satisfied that it is at present
more desirable to prevent than to create public excitement on the
subject.
This is a point on which you and many other good men daft.r
from me ; but happily it is one on which we may differ with
mutual respect and unimpaired charity.
I am, lientlemen, your obedient Servant,
PHILLPOTTS.
To Messrs. (lollop and Pease.

SHIPPLVG INTELLIGENCE.

CUSTOM-HOUSE, MAT 8.
ENTERED INWARDS.
Stately, Edgar 'MmxweU, broker), from Jamaica.
X. L., Cobb (Chapman), from MemeL
Th►tie. Brown (Barry), from lArbon.
William and Ann, Seon (Captain Senn), from Bermuda.
Neptune. Bayley (Archer), from St. 3liehaera.
Prince of Waterloo, Page (Drinkol4), from ()wend.
Europa, Lamm (Rule), from Dmitri,.
Hudson, Champlin (lopkin%). from New York.

--11.1..Lii; I,l7;;;;;.painted for W. Chandlerlayn, Eso. M.P.
H. Rica TER. A label in the corner intimates that the Winow
Is sold ; in truth, we might have guessed beforehand that nick a
Widow, when her charms were to be disposed of, would not remain
long without a purchaser. tihc is represented in the act of throw.
log aside the weeds, in which the had bemoaned her irreparaMe
leas; but however she may have wrestled with her grief, she does
ast appear, by the freshness and vivacity of her features, to have
beet much hurt in the contest. At all events, she seems preparing,
with great readiness, for a accoad eaerffiee, and it is easy to per-
rein rum her looks, that she will soon find sonic new victim to Ilse
horns. the altar. The arch ABIGAI Loth° with an eye full of mean.
log, is , 'ng her Ms new conquest, and fitting her to do honour
':a
to the . of her find husband, stems to anticipate the havoc
she will make with the hearts of our sex, and how speedily she
sill relieve haven* from the condition of " a widow bewitched."
The maid entering with her arms uplifted, in an attitude of ex-
ultation, is if congratulating her mistress, not only on having
escaped from the cage, but on having now passed those dull months
which doomed her to mingle glances that meant much, with sight,
that availed nothing, is drawn with great spirit, and in true eostamc.
It Is clear that she is as little likely as her mistress ever to die in
self defence. The subordinate and accessory parts of the picture
are admirably well managed. The detail of the toilet is exquisitely
handled, and the hand-box, with Its scattered treasure of artificial
Mowers. is introduced with- excellent elf ct. The papers negli.
gently Orewul ttpon the floor of her dresaing.room all contribute
Judiciously to the main subject. The sketch of the grave-stone,
erected " by Oft ilieetvisolate widow," Is happily imagined, as is
the scroll of the epitaph, " As A arra arm can't swatch him from
Me rare." Were it possible he could be reanimated, and revisit
the earth, it is manifest that the Widow would more sincerely
lament that
