istesiete

feeds-
Girrere-

the
■nd

ad-
be

-t the
disown

:hunch.
functions , . - - -
in the Hill. He expressed his surprise at
r omission. He did not see any provisions
regulation of monastic establirliments, which
spring up to the displeasure of the Protestant
abundance. They had promised them-
vast deal of satiefection from the Bill, but
they were already undeceived. Looking at the nu-
tural course or tveist.,it was likely to be fruitful of
&mewl feeling* iii soother part of the empire. He
concluded by imploring the House not to remove
lands - ' constitution, and by
be read this
Bill before the
itiadtqoate to the
-tranquillity
seemed to
tendency. The
some papers,
at an aggre-
: assure the
itencled that
and exemplary
iimpracliabie
ipructicable must
'ling., lie Wider-
Galway, and
there was no
that the Bill
as should be
Catholic. He
entertained by
• considered it
only religion in
i. He cared
might make,
namely, the
_ depend
Jr great and
re eaaily col-
these Catholic
last fifteen
them went
Aid never stop
betwe..ii the two
c course, he did
i of the Ca-
a great iii-
generally known
•Ilit be easdy
1.0 were many
the first
best ell much
them 4 it might
motes of we of
1813.—[The
is pamphlet a
;taut Church
and loot all
contains can be
ilde to the
?ill remain,
of all the
fear, hear.)--
. ire the nature
sentiment, and
most Mann-
oingoole.—[The
tett a general
—There wais
Amid trier, to
would feel dis-
• was a letter
him to post-
. . She gruitittl•
on which he made this repurat was, that tile Bill
might be so contrived as to become palatable
--- all - -:--- This shrews the importance
:ached to site eery point he (Sir
rging. He had to entreat the
e for Unfurling upon their time.
bound in justice to himself to say

.4 very
charged
Atastd pledire . to the
. -
House, to his Sovereign, and the country, that
should the measure now before the House tinfor-
sueasely picas into a law, front the eery hour that it.
did so, nothing in his power Afield be left *OW
to promote its object.. The Right Hroe. Barnet
coucluded by seconding the Amendment.
Mr. O'GRADY could not hear such a charge
made on the county he had the honour to represent
.enthout awning fortified to refute it. He could
mews the House that the remissions to which the
Right Honourable Baronet alluded were by no
wrens the opinions of the gentry of Limerick. It
was all the doings of • Mr. O'Connell.—(Cries of
" Hoar, hear.")—The Catholic Gentlemen of the
county of Limerick were not all present, and it
was not uotil sifter they saw' the resolutions of this
meting, printed. that they heard any thing shoat
them-0/01r, hearl—or could even have ima-
gined that such a cheat would hoye been prect 6-d
open them.—(Hear, hear.)—Flo had a letter in
his band which stated that rAtere wit, scarcely a re-
grectable man at that meeting. Has. however, he
&est beg leave to say, that the Chairman Of that
meeting visa a aunt respectable. loyik„ and
nourable man, and that he regretted climate', he
should stiffer himself to be made the teol of a f.c-
tion. The Hi aaa ) urable Gentleman tliftt read some
resolutions passed at u subsequent ueeting, due-
claiming altogether the violent resolutions passed at
the previous meeting. These resolutions were sign-
ed by 39 of the most respectable men in the
county, and not the less respectable for being sign-
ed by the only four Catholic Magistrates ui the
county.—(Hear, hear.)—Thry expressed senti-
ments of the liveliest gratitude lor the exertions that
had been made in their behalf. He could insure
the House, with the meet perfect confidence, that
these violent resolutious were imported into Lime-
rick, and were nut the natural growth of the coun-
ty.—(Load cheering.)
Mr. FITZGIBBON supported the opinions and
the statement* of his Hon. Colleague, and thought
the Right Hon. Baronet (Sir G. Hill) would have
formed a fairer estimate of the country, by not
excluding from his euesitleration the resolutions.
pawed st the lest meroirig, which WWI most nose..'
rowdy and respectably attended.
Mr. Rica said, he did not intend addressing
the House on that occasion. bet he was dragged
into it by the want cf candour on the part of the
Right Hou. Baronet (Sir George Hill), in con-
cestiug from the House an account of the subse-
claret meeting that was held, disclaiming the vio-
lent resolutions passed at the former. That Right
Hou. Gentlemen had relieved him from con-
'Utterable esubarrainment ; fur the resolutions lie
read had been put into his hands. and no mat-
ter how widely he might have differed from
the eentienents they contained, be still shy mid
have felt it his duty to lay them before the
House. He could emote the !louse, that a coffin.
derable portion of the Opposition given to the meat-
sure, arose front a blunder in the Bill, fur in the
beginning, when the Bill eras fist printed, there
was in the margin the punishment of transportation
annexed to the refusal of complying with the pm-
visions of the Bill. It was nut then in he won- .
dered at that objections should be made to it.—
( Hear, hear.)—He had received letters from some
of these Gentlemen, who protested against the react-
'miens alluded to by the Right Hine Gentleman
(Sir G. ; but these he d:d not consider of as
much importance on this question, as the opinion
of a Gentleman who was a supporter of the violent
resolutions. The Hoe. Gentleman then lead a
passage from the letter alluded to. He said that
he deemed it advisable to say, that many very
conscientious Catholics differed from his opinion,
and would feel very happy to receive emancipation
un the terms Mr. Plunkett's Bill proposes.-
-Meer, hear.)—lle would also read an extract
front another letter to which he had alluded 011 a
former occasiote—The peragrAph is this :
" Should the Bill now before Parliament pass into a law,
all these dissatisfied and tarbulaiit spiriss would soon 11•141
how eery low they are in the scale of national importance."—
(Gad cheers.)
He wished to set himself right with the House,
for be feared he had been mistiederstood on a for-
mer occasion. He was terstood to say, that
this was the unanimous opinion of all the Ca-
tholics ; but surely it could never be expected,
that unanimity could prevail on a question
of such magnitude and extent. It would he no-
thing short of a moral mid national miracle if the
the great body of the Catholics. strongly excited
as they are by the leirongues of interested agitators,
could agree oat this question.—( Hear, hear.)—
('Limerick had beeii pointed out particularly by
the Right Hon. Bargee, ; but if there were one
part of the esnvite that felt their wrongs and dis-
abilities more strongly and poignaoily than so-
other, it was Limerick. Had the stipulation* there
entered into not been most shamelessly violated,
they should not now be demanding their rights, 110 f
we at the trouble of iniseilig this Bill.— (Cheer s.)—
He had to apologise to the House for trespassing
on their time—(Hear, hear)—but he ass diagged
into the discussion by the attack that woe made un
Limerick. He knew that she labourer who esitered
the vineyard at the eleventh hour had uo right to the
tonne reward as he who InicrCiught gloriousty for the
cause since the cum mencianesit. This much lie must
say, that if every Catholic is Limerick had signed
these resolution*, it would spot iu the least here in-
fluenced the vote lie should give. They sh Id go on
boldly wet rape their own conclusions; they were as.•
wielded to legislate. to consolidate the stieogth of the
eirtiOre.Ned not to enter into a negociution with the
Cutholics.--Pieurq— At the tissue iime lie must
courts% that he considered dirse securities wholly
unnecessary, for the colicky' of the Catholic a had
been any thing but such as should have demanded
tt•ein ; however, there were prejudices to be satis-
fied which 0111,1 ultimately become extinct, end he
hoped and 'mord the mea-tire„ if carried, would
e% eta ually promote the peace sod happmess of both
count ries.— f flew., hear.)
The Hon. C. Hvrcui 'lsom said. lie was anxious
to hear the opinions of the lion. Members for
Limerick, after what had falleu from the Right

Hon. Baronet opposite (Sir G. kill.) He perfectly
eotteOreeld with his Hon. Friend near him (Mr.
Rice), that it was their Winess to detehniese the
vote they should give en a question of such vital
portant., to the country, according to the best of
their judgment, amidst such contending and con=
dieting opinions. His Hon. Friend hid alluded
to the labourer coming Into the vineyard at the.
elevelth hour, but he thought that Ito matter
at what hour the labourer entered the public
service, he had an opportunity of conferring
sdvairteges on his country; but amongst the
many labourers who had toiled iu support
of this great and righteous Cause, be stood
there the unworthy representative of a family who
had at all times 'tenthly supported the avowed
printiple of unqualified emancipation. He hurl
himself, as yet, and lie thought it strange, received
Ito comninuication from the Catholics, and he
could account for it in no other manner than this,
that they are waiting to see whether it will psis
that House before they make any coannuisics-
tion. He could not, however, suffer his Ho-
nourable Friend. or any one else, In dessignitte
as riotous, disaffected, anti agitators, these who came heftily
forward sod gave their °Oakum fairly at a public meeting,
on a question of sock moment. He thought it was • most
cruel arpersioes. Beelike, it was quite abuse! to .appose
that ell could be agreed ois so great a euesticiii. He would
be bound to say there Mom yet was • truism on which there
have lint been differewt opinions- How then could it be ex-
pected that the millimm of Catholics should be all agreed on
what be should ever consider yeast enactments ? Fur aught
he knew, he might himself be considered sit agitator, fur de-
livering his coneeientious opinions. At the meeting of
Limerick, where these violent resolutions, as they are called,
were passed, There was a most respectable, intelligent, and
isdepeadent man, Mr. Roche, ist the Chair, • gentlentau who
wooed nut become the tool of any faction, and if they came
to examine the cheracteis of the perauns that composed that
meeting, they would Sod there most respectable. For aught
he knew, there were at this moment meetings of the Catho-
lic clergy bolding all over Ireland. out, were conseientionsly
opposed to the Bill, and were they to be confounded with
the riotous and disaffected, and these restless spirit. who ea.
deavoured to separate sod disunite the empire? Hie Ho-
nourable Friend had read a letter from some indi-
viduala, expressing themselves satisfied with the Bill,
I. but he knew that of course there would be seine of that opi-
nion, that would gladly accept city thiug that might be of-
freed. to 1792, there were mime anxious merely for a re-
peal of some small part of the rued statuses, and preseuted
a Petition to the Irish Parliament fur a limited franchise of
twenty wood freeholds. Wby then before that Petition was
three days before she House, a motion was made, dielariag
that the preposterous demander the Catholics was a foul blot
upon their Journals, and there were only 28 men thew in the
Hauer, amongst whom were to be found his family name, who
opprsae!d viii motion. The consequence was, the Petition was
treated with great iadignity and actually kicked out of Meets.
The Right Him. Baronet has stated that the Catholics are a
most impracticable body, but he would refer him to the Re-
solutions of the Clergy at Dahlia, which were of • must tem-
perate mature, and clearly deatonstrated some slight alters.
lions would satisfy them. They express the warmest grati-
tude to their (tirade in Parliament who supported their
pale rest, and humbly suggest that some modifieatiuns should
be made in these Bills so as to reader them aecepeable to
every Ceitholic. This was au opinion iu which he fully con.
curved. It was Not, however, his isteutiens to erosible
the House with any mutiun on the subject. He thought
if it Weft nut contrary to the order of the House. it
would be most desirable the Bill should he recommitted.
Par he was persuaded there were refuses elamies in
tluit %Bill of an übjettlionable mainly, which might be
wssieted wahine weak/yin the strength of the Bill is
the slightest degree, sad would remove all the difficulties
thatstood in Ora way of a conscieattens Catholic. He ter.
vainly could be induced to oppose a Bill that has for
its object to throw apes the doses of the Coustitmion to the
Catholics, a subject that was always so neer his heart, yet
soothing could make hint support the Bill as it now stands--
no not even if all the Catholics in both countries were is
favour of it, he could be persuaded to give kis support
to these yeisal enactments. He fell extreme reluctance in oe.
copying the time of she houve.—(ltenr, hoar.)—But Gentle-
men must feel the exteeinely painful situation in which he
towed himself, compelled to lake objections to a measure
to which he had been warmly attached ever since he had
been able to take u part iii public affairs.—(f/oor, hear.)
It might be considered presumption in lam to remark us
what has fallen ma former occesious from the Right Hon.
Gentleman opposite (Mr. Peel.) He *CelllCti to cosaaidirr this
me satire es dangerous to the Church EstublishmenL He
(Air. ) could never I,eiek so. We are embarked is the emu
blest adventure which men ever yet uns!ereosik ; we hes
about to lame fresh blood and vigour into the Cgs
ties: ; and instead of being dangerous if carried into egret,
must eunswliditte and strengthen the force of the empire
(Hear, hsnr.)—We are assembled to form a social hood of
happissess and ofmoscurd, which will keit together the hearts
of every subject iu the realm, and we should be extremely
cautious not to introduce any thing slush eau fetid. to create
new dissentious. That Right Hon. Gentleman has also
said, that the period selected for Mitering feel-ward this mea.
cute area rather unfortunate. But he should hare said, if
there were one period more auspicious or fortunate than an-
other, that period is the psesrut.—For he hoped we were ouw
living in tinws when, no matter what • man may say in
public, there is no man retired to his closet free Corn the
conflicting interests of political disetissitm, can deny at least
the justice of graveling these concessious. lie really felt haek-
ful to the Iti.Huie Gent. for the manner in which lie met this
question. There was a certain temperance and wisdom cha-
racterised his whole conduct, highly creditable to him. He
was mot sufficiently acquainted with that Right Honoura-
ble Gentleman to know his npiuioss on this subject, hut
he did think that he sew some change in them. He felt the
utmost satisfaction to see prejudices removed—(Hatr, hoar.)
A consider sacrifice of Protestant prejudice has been
made, best certainly mulling more • all that this Bill will
effect, admitting that it is carried, will be to give the
Catholic eligibility to crash. utfices, that is, to give
effien the power Mk sleeting him lf they think proper.
With respect to the second oath, he begged the
Honer to consider in what situuti they would be
placed, if the whole of the Catholic Clergy,
actuated by conscientious scruples, should refine
to take it, which might well be imagined, as they
would be applying to the Catholic Clergyman a
system of rigour which was not applied to ally other
subject. 11 they refused to take the oath what ootrld
be the consequerice ? The act declared him guilty of
a misderneaion, sod they might be proceeded
ugainst bs tine and inipeisoilment. It was not
thought sufficient to leave the Catholic Clergysniti
exposed to toe disabilities to alitch he subjected
1 If by steel gt • take the oath ;so though lie
might have been conscientiously performing the
dunes of less sacred function for 30 or 40 Yeats, if
he refuse, the neighbouring magistiate might r con-
' mit lion so gaud. To pot die ease as strong as lie
could, lie would emptier that the whole of the Ca-
' 'ludic Clergy, to the • aaaaa not or two or three tilnit-
Sand no 'lumber, were to refuse to take the oath,
would the. Noble Lord advise that the whole of
the Catholic Clergy, with the Bishops at their head,
should fill the prisons lit' !rebind. II; in addition
to the 40,000 men already there. the volunteers soil
yeomanry of Rowland and Scotland could also be
sea, sea), the entire force of the empire. it would be
insufficient 111 keep the rummy quiet. The Right
Hon. Member for Liverpool declared that he was
s,tisfiell with the declarations of Certain persons
whose names cuuld not be meutioued with too high

-_

\

.

tegpeet but the cue of those %dile .11
iltgin take the oath foal 'Mescals in the Rattle of
Patrons entirely disitiatilar to the case of the Ca-
thittelatugy, and Amish the oath -might net in
illhateat any thing objectionable, yet the
cumpoloory maitre of it wise sit insuperable ob-
jectiou in his mind. and he begged the House
to consider before they proceeded upon a prin-
ciple of legislation so entirely new, its compel.
lug a man to take an oath when be cause to ask
for no bitielit. Supposing for a moment, by
an uorletatittitling With the Catholic Prelacy of
Ireland, the appeObatioh of the Catholic Clergy
to the second oath might be obtained : if you be-
lieved him, why that absurd machinery of a Pro-
trountßoard ? If the Catholic was believed, the
whole of it was unnecessary. Bat what was to be
the power of that Protestant Board ? Why, to
give a most totiquslitied Veto. He considered it
itupossiltle for a Catholic candidate for the prelacy
to give his consent to the machinery of thin Board.
For reasons which he would not now enter into, lee
thought that such a Board ought not to exist in
Ireland, and it would be a great improvement in
the Bill were the Botard in this country, and in
this country only. The Bill viewed with curb
jealousy the iuterferrtece of the Catholic in any thing which
reduced to the Protestant religioo, that the Calbohe was pers.
hibited front adviiime the Crowo is any ecclesiastical mat-
te; and though such was our jealousy of the Cathdlie
terfering with our religion., we yet make an enactment ap-
pointing a Protestant Board of Control over his faith lie
was happy to have learnt, vine" he had entered the House,
that the Lord Primate was in favour of the admission of the
Calholiee; and though he confessed the hardship of mime
of the clanses nn the Catholic clergy, yet he trusted in the
wisdom and moderns hoi of the F-Neetttive for a mild and ge-
arrows novo( these clauses. But he (Mr. Hutchinson) wax
not willing to give such a discretion to any Executive. If
it were meant that the Magistratei should not execute the
law, he would ark, why then enact it ? He thought if the
Honor gave inch a power ill the Magistracy against the
Prelacy and Clergy, they would anon hare the coulter, in
open rebellion. He thanked the House for the patience
with which they hail aiwatied to him, and declared that no
wan in the House or in the moistly could feel more pain
than lie did at the opposition which he foetid hinistlf
uhliged to make to the measure.

Mr. STEWART rose, Lad, as well as we could collect
from the low tone in which he spoke sad the noise in the
gsllory, denied that the Lord Primate approved the .
Mr. C. H. HUTCHINSON explained..
Mr. ELLIS expressed his anxiety to deliver his mod.
meet. on a Bull, She latter part of which, by a curious infeli-
city it. legislatios, went to deprive the gleesome of all the ad-
vantages promised in the first part. He apologised to
the Howse fur guiteg over again a track which bad al-
ready bee. en beaten ; to hint it was •a unpleasant
task, and nothing but his veuerattou fur the Protestant
Eitablishiseni, and his anxiety for the connexion of Ire-
lend wish this country, mil,' fume hint to trerpass un the
enmities of the House. He profeseed that its ardent wishes
for the welfare of every class of his fellwor-entintryinen, be
was sot inferior to the Right lion. Geuttentais wh.) brought
the measure before them; sod he would farther say, that he
brought • degree of experience of the wishes sad feebler of
the Protesting, of !relined, which the retired habits, or the
fistidimes lame of that Right Hors. Gestleseas prevented his
acquiring. 111 she IMAM of that proleseisie to whit* they
both belosiell, and whose sentiments the Right Hen. Gem.
Heiman bed mierepreseeled, he disclaimed his ussullturiscd
advocacy. That this wee not mere assertion would las ass.
by a refereuee to the Petitions on their table, by the Protege
tart Petilies from the second city of the empire, w •
had She biewour lo represent. If these papers-were
into, the Nome 'G&W see wet uuly mulattoes atid.geol
of the highert respectability, but ',vend eisensbee
rof the kw, Espial in relents aal repelatioe Ist .
tee. Gelatine"' himself, mad in their Nantes he paa.
traced splase deelounalleee cootrary to their sestireeets. The
flieermoalidelkteiller then proceeded so argue amiss* the
Bill se the grounds of espe.liency, as the abstract right
had been already abandoned by its proposer, and ciostesided
that moue of the dangers apprehended were needed by a
Bill which had already been rejected by the Catholics them.
selves—(flier, hoer, hear)—a Rill which, at the are lbw
that it gave power, withheld confidence, and plated setised
In the heads of those whom it irritated to use it. That the
Catholics were really hostile so the Rill, was, he conceived,
clear from the opposition which it had met with from ewe
who was always considered as speaking their sentiesselle 1
be would not mention his natter, although it had been ales.
Moment in that House. Why was that gentleman the ackitow.
'edged urges of the Catholic hotly ? It could not he
on account of his family, which, though rear etable,
-was of yesterday compered with some of the Aristo-
cracy of Ireland. Neither was it for his talente--his
eloquence was bet of mushroom celebrity, and was far
oubbene by the talents opposed to hiss. What then was it
that gave him the confidence of the Catholic Rudy? It was
that be really and truly expressed their feelings and midi-
meats. He objected to the Uill, not only on account of
tie steurities, but to its principle; be objected to it as
amairseing to the Priesthood that power which they bad
always enjoyed, end which lie must 'lntik they had
always abused. The Honourable Member fee proof
of This referred to the History of Ireland for the last
thirty years and thought it impossible to Arley that
the disturbance of 1798 was a real Popish compirary,
He thought it ludicrous to give a mats the power to vote for
a Mt:other of Pat lismew, and deity him a voice in the eke-
ti e° of a churchwerden.—(llenr, hear.)—Going a little fur-
ther they would see the solemn batnbeg still carried on is
the exceptions to the exercise of she judicial functions in
ecclesiastical affairs—to a Catholic Chancellor or Lord
Lieutenant of Ireland, while at the same time it permitted a
Catholic to be Governor of a distant colony. He was aware
that be might be accused of prejudice; but it 'Weld be
remembered that he was brought up in the midst of Catho-
lics, acid bad once all the enthusiastic desire to give liberty
to retry one, without regard to consequence--and it was
wily from observation of the evils which arose from such
condoms that he bad been induced to dotage his opinion.
Mr. F. Rontesow said, he had •o intelitinii of Medica-
ting the Right Hon. Gentlemen who introduced this mea-
sure, tont what lie conceived a must unreasonable attack
by the Hon. Gentleman who had jest sat down. He did sot
deny that there might be, as the lion. Member said, many
Lawyers in Ireland who could compete with the Right Hun.
Gentleman (Mr. Plunkett), but if the Hon. Member were
entitlid to charge the Right Hon. Geittleinan as unfit from
his habits or from his &stole ~,, mess, of truly ilesci ibiog the
Protestant opinion of Ireland, *either was lie disposed to
take the topiniou of the Hon. Member's nameless authority,
OS 11 presesstrug the sentiment of the true and hottest
Catholic in the ravings of his eloptesce. He did not know
ought of Mr. Conon-11, but that he bad hero dissatisfied, was
et present dissatisfied, and would always he dissatisfiid.—
Yid lie (Mr. Rubiesue) was persuaded the measure would
prove generally satisfactory. He confessed that be had
heard with regret much that had fallen from the Hon. and
Learned Gentleman. He hid departed frum that example of
dignified moderation which had beers set bins by the Right
Hun. Geoth °tau who introolaced the meseure. He thought
it one of the misfortunes attending the present discussiun,
that the Hon. sod Learned Gentlemen had rooked up that
•'seiust extinguished fire whit h **happily raged so fii.
'loud, at the period to which he bad rcierrell The
Hon. Gentleman *seemed to have taken up the subject
with all the zeal of a convert; he (Mr. K.) aka unsold enter
upon it, if with lest ardour, yet with all the sincerity of
oureviction, fur he hail bees couverted from the opinions
which he formerly entertained ow Ibis subject. It wee ius-
possible, in considering this vagetivis, nut iiii refer iu the
tunes which gave bath to Cleo dliellollieles whir h it was the
object of Ibis Bill is meimetn:sed to the origin of time
fear, and jealousies from Aidt they sprigy. If They re-
ferred to the wage settidt deal liter carried on formerly Iwo
esoteric. peseidistetleillissolotioo, they amid cut bat see
that they maim wasobeiwees Otlbellelty awl Protestantism;
bet anon Ilea rebel ale ears in Europe bad assumes,' a

1

.

- ....
^....

wholly degree's' character. The wars of William sad Mary
were not wars of Catholic spinet Protestant Powers ; the
ally of this country was thee the Catholic Emperor of Get-
!nary, and the object of the contest was to keep ;lowa the ant.
Wien sod power of Prance. If they looked to the successive
wars which bad Asa occurred, it would appear manifest
that the calves Which bad produced the wars, both foreign
and intestiue, fur the two centuries preceiliug the Rest/tidies,
had long sleet maned in operate. What share bad this so
much-dreaded influence or the Pope in predating the late
wars ? Where was then the thunder of the Vatican ? It
might. perissm, hove bora beard at times ; bat it was like
the mimic thimble of the chariot of Saltnoneus, and not
the true !boulder of the power that shook the world. The
Right Mommeable Goneleilian then proceeded to combat
the argument !eroded open the difficulty thrown in the
way of the conscieldiotts Protestant who might be Ismer.
ter called upon to take the oath, from the admission la the
present Rill of aspirin's! jurisdiction of the Pope over Ca-
tholics in this country, and that which was (crowded on the
turbulence and seditious apt it of individeals of the Catholic
persuaaioo. With respect to the speech which bad hero
quoted of De. Droatgoale, a doctor without • degree, and
with no patient bed his country—(Mack Loitoleer)••:'
be believed it to be as seditious a speech as could well he
spoken;, but to cite it as a proof of the seditious principled
of the Catholics, was as absurd as to quote the notecase of
• Mr. Runt is eitempliiestion of the opinions of the people
of Englood. Tie Right Hon. Member fur Londonderry hail
pledged himself to use his endeavors's to ricoacile the minds
of the Protestants of Ireland to this measure if it shoold
paw. He gave full credit to the Right Hon. Member fur
his sincerity, and he honoured his mutivess but he believed
the Protestant Nubility u.J Gentry of logos/ were too fend
ed. their °Armory, too generous, tori manly, mid Me liberal
to feel any of that spirit of jealousy which had bee* as.
eribed to them iu cogisemictice of the passing of the Bill.
On the contrary, he omicipated, that they would be found
uniting with the CA040111.6 ill the anxious endeavour to
promote the prosperity of their common country.
Mr. Gout.rtußN opposed the admission of the Catho-
lics to political power, em the SAM- principles which had
led him fur the first fourteen years to resist their claims to
the utmost of his power To chew the danger which might
slim to the Protestant Establishment from the concession
of these claims, he referred to the mode iu which they bad
heel. pursued. Trusting to the march of time for producing
occasions favourable to their views, and availing them-
selves of the upportimites which arose in the course of
the discussion of the subject, from time to time in Parlia-
ment, they advanced step by step towards the attain-
' meats of a full share in the richt, and privileges of the
Constitution. RI pursuing a similar course of conduct, a
time might hereafter arrive when they would he enabled to
effect any object which they might eutertaio hostile to the
Protestant establish/neat. Slurpse it should again occur,
es had heretofore been the case, that we should have a King
who, though professedly a rotoitant, secretly favonied
the views of the Catholics—he might select a Catholic

IMinistry, who would naturally seek lei strengthea the
party on which they could most ri ly, mud contemplating
their wealth, their rank, their illustrious descent, sod the
lesigth of time during which they hail rensaioed excluded
from all share in the honours and privileges of the Stale it
I could be considered but fair that some of the Catholic
gentry should he raised to the Peerage. By these and otter
correpinding inessu,es, he argued that in course of true
.it would be perfectly feasible for them to effect the over.
throw of the Protestant estakilivhment. They bad been told
that this measure was to be one of concilialiou, that it
wan to knit together in a Impel of utsion the hearts of both
! Proteetauts and Catholics; bet he should like to Isom
whether the conseirences which had been pithiest Out
by the Honourable Member for Cork, who, be it rearm-
? bend, use en advoeate for the concessioa of the claims,
as likely to result from Brie measure, were eskielated to
I -effect conciliation. He appealed to all who had heard that
Hun. Member, and who knew his intimate acquaint-
-emu with the etatoof opinion is lettered, and with Nse ern-
. dimmees erase Chighollee, both laity and Clergy, whether as
all re K cewlelffintion Ilse Bin before the Hasse was out
He called upon tly House so bestow
dirmait apes the importance of this and a-
we" Sod to In pats* It, they were about to
takers step w paarr be recalled.
The wimp of ds !" which had Wes 11111.1 and fre-
quent Charism tbe maw of the Hun. Geotkmaa's speed',
became doubly loud and vehement as it drew to • clear.
Lord BINNING began by declaring that be rose to offer his
sentiments on this "miles, which had been SO often discus-
sed, with a reluctance orkiele.oothing but an anxiety to ex-
press his *miens before the measure should have passed foe
I ever, could have overcomie.—(Lowd and emiliasal crier ey
"Quaggas! question!")—He did sot wish to furee him-
self upon an unwilling audience, and if the House
was so wearied with the keetbesied dimwits's which
the question had undergoes?, that it could out afford a
patient hearing to those who bed nut yet delivered their
sentiments, be would sit down at once without the
smallest feeling of ill-will towards any one---(Lowet
cheering)—but if they were disposed to yield hire • few
monieuts alteution, he would endeavour to avoid any
abuse of their indulgence. The Noble Lord thee proceeded
to combat the arguments of the last speaker, epos the Isi po-
thesis of a future Klieg inclined to subvert the Proleslent
establishment in favour of the Catholic religion, which be
contended world be impossible, so long as the Parliament
retained its attachment to the Protestant religion, and the
people of this country should be a Protestant peopiee—
With respect to the professed infallibility and immutabi-
lity of the Catholic church, be said the mere statement of the
aswertioa was sufficient to sheur its absurdly, and lie ridiculed
the idea of soy danger apprehended from the opinion of the
Catholics retaining those excluMie and intolerant principles
by which they were forme, ly characterised. He raw nothiag in
the religion of the Catholics which rendered them unit for the
possession of political power. The Noble Lord then pro-
ceeded to remark upon the opposition made by the Member
for Cork, to the oath proposed to be exacted of the clergy.
which be contended was wholly free from any insinuation
or imputation, such as had been attributed to it. le his
opinion those very pennon who now so much objected to
taking this oath, had already taken others ten limes stronger.
As an individual, he fully concurred io the opinion which
bed been expressed on a former eight by the Noble Secretary
of State for the Foreign Department, and should have beim,
like him, perfectly ready to agree to the Bill without any se-
curities. But, as they had been deemed necessary to quiet
the •pprebensions of more timid mind., he trew not how
any more moderate than this Bill contained could have bees
devised. He thought it was not to he tolerated that say is-
dividuals should take upon themselves to say that they would
refuse to give the Kisg those securities to which the Pope
had given his assent, which every Catholic Government ex-
acted hum its subjects, which was refused to no other Pro-
testant Government is Europe, and he which the majority of
the Vicars Apostolic, and the greater part of the Catholic
laity in this country had readily agitated.
[The cries of " Question !" now became exceedingly loud
and Imisultuuse and costumed to the conclusion of the
Noble Lord's speech.]

Mr. C. H. HUTCHINSON rose to explain. He had not
stated that he had any communication from the Catholoa
of any ohjectioo w their part to theoath ; he had elated that
he did nut conceive that any loyal Catholic would object to
the oath on account of its coateats; hat that he himself ob-
jected to it ou account of the insinestioa it conveyed.
If they disbelieved the sincerity of a Catholic who look the
first oath prescribed by the Bill, they could sot believe hint
auy more for his taking the latter oath; sad if they Jul
attach any credit le his dechiration upon the former oath,
then the other was wholly y —(Himerr, hear )
Mr. PEEL, referring to the appeal made to the House for
the folllhneut of the tame of the Capitulation of Limerick.
said, that there was nu spiestiou of good faith involved In
the discussion, our was the House bound by say other than
motives of discretion in determisiog the foto of the present
Bill. He insisted on it that the terms of that Capitulation
want so further than to serene the Catholics the privilege
exercising their religion with No other limitations thso
existed in the times of Charles 11. This by nu memo.
instilled the promise of those political privileges now
claimed by the Catholics. He stated the tenor of the opi-
nions which ha had always held upon the subject of the Cs-
tholie Claims. His chief ohjectioa lay in this : that the grant-
ing of those Claims would wake a material chant is the

*I _
•
• t •
' I
formation which were again eaforeea at titer Ravi".
Isaias, and which appeared to him to be the foods-
.
'wand peiociples of the British Protestant Govern-
; nsegt. He wished to intrude a little more upon the
attention of the House, while he shewed, by the
(milieus of the ablest and wisest men of this coca-
try that the costa he had formed of the prin.
• 44104 tits - r.eonfietentet by the Revise
„ _
Talif fk•kinoted passages from the
• W Milan% Loa* Lord Clarendon, and
• _ .
landimi-fit':,lllhow 'the iisesesity for ex-
.A1k4612 Catholics Imm the State so long as
rid Opel claim of allegiance or duty
in soy way in
.a foreign autNenty. By sanc-
• tirtaing the present Bill, ,they would remove
The • pmitiples on sshichs the Constitution had
%toed fiordthe Reformation down to the pre-
sent day. Muth servideration bad been given
to the Bill, and wear prospect of public ad-
vsistage held out from it, all of which would be
defeated. He came nest to a pisswe in the Bill,
in which he perceived a great departure from the
principle of full and nochliided allegiance regilired
by the Constitution. He read the terms 'of the
proposed oath, whereby She Catholic is to disown
all -obedience to any foreign Prince, Prelate,
State, or Potentate, which may coullict or interfere
with the full and undivided allegieuee due to Vie
Sovereign ty of the country, is by law established.
It was quite impossible that • conseietitious Catholic
would take this oath, end he could not help
joiuipg Dr. Milner and the Clergy of Ireland,
that it was quite impossible to yield the King full
and undivided allegiance KS by law established.—
For the law established allegiance to the King in
spiritual as well as in temporal tuattere. There
could be 110 question as to the right of the Legisla-
ture to forbid intercourse with foreign Powers. Such
intercourse might be noxious to the State; it had
been considered so with respect to the Pope, and
prohibited. If this were not so, why was not there
slot some reserve mode as to the fealty of Ca-
tholics by the oath of supremacy, the terms
of which were as sweeping us they could he,
actually prohibiting all duty or obedience to any
foreign Prince, Prelate, State, or Potentate ?
There was no distinction retained between civil
sod spiritual allegiance. Had it been the intention
of the Legislature to reserve in any case the right
o( obedience to the spiritual authority of the Pope,
it would have been specifically and nominally re-
served ; but to see in what estimation the claim of
SiOritual auti 'ty on behalf of the Pope was held,
lie referred them to the terms in which his Holiness
was tuentioued, even in the solemn service of the
Protestant Church. lie wished for some explana-
lion's, to the functions of a_Cathulic Dean, men-
tioned in the Hill. He expressed his surprise at
w @nether omissioit. He did not see any provisions
for the regulation of monastic establishments, which
would spring up to the displeasure of the Protestant
eye in abundance. They had promised them-
selves a vast deal of satisfaction from the Bill, but
they were already undeceived. Looking at the nu-
. __

, •, concluded by imploring the House not to
the ancient landmarks of the constitution,
musing in amendment, that the Bill be re
r day six months. •
Sir Gummi:HlLL objected to the Bill be
Ilonse; he couceived it was quite inadtqiist
1 objects proposed, mud so far from givingtrati
we promoting conciliation in Ireland, it sees
i him to have a must revolutionery tendency
1 • Right Hon. Baronet then produced some
N . from which he read resolution+ passed at ar
-Rite meeting in Limerick. He could an
.llouse that the Gentlemen who intro&
i ..
meeting
and n
roost excell•iii. loyal, and exe
t'- / Jere,. and theism, excellent and minim"
tyre thief chnrochrres tile
„ .
.4. ~ this measure appear. Similar meetings, he
t staid, were called in Cork, Kerry, Gala
-..., Team. Dr. Coppinger, than whom there
• man respectable iron, has declared, that i
' proposed by alr. Henkel was such as oh
)
• i • indigos • fly rejected by every sincere Cathol
.
•-• 1- - . .. w the *plums that were eistertai
• r
lies about their religion : they conan
1 '
.' s; • - AA': utable sold jufallible, and the only ref
1f • .;:. .!''''''icli there .14 be of salvation. I-i _
i-
, , 4.45 t wl • sinew wfliberality they (nigh
, . r
tear t alloy as the seine, name
..ententlf r own church—and
~ .
_. si‘•- ' u t it, the celtgoli of Ireland is their gr
• : ' .-_,ljr.. 1-16. •
.+ - .., __.....- ...n.nits may he esa
las ' Tliera oai •
V • '4 • 1 .., • • speeches of some of these 1
'' Catholic meetings for the hist
#_, s well knew that many of the
' • r., and thought they should net
• egoted II Separation betwe:2ti i
, • Weer, 4twerj—'Phis, of course,
Isi ' tersiye as the general opinion of I
.. ' . • '-'l' that it was the opinion of a g
' $ f
.--. • ~,t s,
.., . • • yof those who were generally
... t•
. •
i .. .i._=..,'...,. .. ...,asylis t' ems of the Catholics, ;night bl
. ' ,s' ......atte, .4,Kor -` •in their speeches. There wee
4'
• t',.‘'-', Gentle. ho then sat in that House I
aßik. 6s. nine. a to probably never had beet e
.1..• • • • - • •
at.stihko .:. *object, arilfur them it
1 111"rosw .
sleet bii gig - as to state the opinions o
their attpt 'wished orators in 1813.
1
• *IL 4.4••• , night Mil, et then read from ii part
1 s f .:
t•ie,
. ~_
~ `• l‘ .
init r . ' lesupon the rand, and
die strength of, ".•, statesmen it contains
hli'e to support,'l• •I sift 3et tin:nide
WIII)11,1, and nor • endow of it will
~,,... , rgtept the roetaniall ~,'•. recollection of
sti:i mischief it has credit . Meat, hear, A
-Ikr. Now from this Gentle ' i may perceive tin
Of their opinions, and 11• is the leonine
this was she sii iiiii on of Wil of their most
guished leaders, lie ineint k . Dioingoule.
mention of the Doctor'. 111611/ . created a
I nigh from all paean of the House].—Thi
I ' smother document to which lie should t
y .:
winch he hail no doubt the House would I
posed to posy the greatest attention, iswas •
from Mr. Fox to Mr. Ryan. advisiug hias I
li poor the Bill for some future tune, and the
on which he made this request was. that t

to all proles. 1
twit great mini attacl
George Hill) was aril
pardon of the Haase
Ile felt himself bow

so much, for a fortnight iittee he declared it was
not eisopelent to the object it prepaid, and every
thing that has since omitted 'has only corroborated
that °vision. His oppaidon arose from an eager
Agile to 'rapport the amstitotbia and the Proms.
tatit religion. which waits very ewieuce. He hoped
the. be should not be charged with the appellation
of a bigot, aid he iliostid pledge billiWf to the

CoStiltell111: The% char Tim Will
ewe mad soma% . became of its extent. He awakened
gieglieseelled tcetilltellsm of the House to shim the effect
AP BO selliglee *MA .161 heel so fruitful of discord
sad oeleghblirtwvte alter/Ise with the State. He de-
elltibud Iheatislois4 with Vlach the Male, even when the mite.
billed sellg/ew Arm( Pepe*, -viewed the halliseach of
ehii=sad do diva in New realms. Me oho
the s,liferts attains of Catholics from
to Ina fie.o the policy of the State ever slap the
#iaaaliavi. Het t. intd oat the wearier establishments,
more ratessaivie thisearie of the Catholic ahoy,
mposielly Is Ireton& He per au oceosiit of a Pro-
lama 'eat of forty.tlrtee Sweats, bed
awl above linee',Frotinisat familia. This Proprietor is
anaderao to moan .h • behal ?or the tomcat of the
dilliss• of the. eighbeerhood. He wished to meta
IlheeiMesemei. the Catholic yam of his tenantry. He
se Wu, to be read h the school thee teats
' .t frees the Deasy Bible. Ret the Quito-
=thee to deprive the paints who sent their
to th,. ..n1 of the Itmeherist, and actually with-
Itseld frees • who persisted is sendiug her child to
the whiled thit i! a al, much is performed in the Catholic
"rtirsiweitims, of Weallall after ebild.birth. He
"thought that they determieed se the measure
of relieving somas Cethelles from Ilis effect of
tbn petatirie / exclaim, they Imegbs le deteregee
the peeler reiiipos its which Casella, ckggy sad laity,
were 14 stated with the State. He apprehowsled
no
dieser frost the pommy of the Pope. He did set am-
eel,. that Ilse peace of the Pope was resassmilay le have
bees dreaded, eves al the Rumor palsies the reetrictioesesd
exclaves agaiset thellithelies.The &Lager that KiseiTithara
and his Commit drestied was eV the desire of the Pepe, bat
• domestic danger. He seetreemted the argument establish-
ed from the measure adopted at the Diet of Himgary, sad
esaiatained the dissimilarity between the cases of Hua.
gary and Ireland. He dreaded the effect of this Bill
opus the represestatios of Ireland, and the tone which
that irft-ct would altimately give to the laws enacted for
that costar,. As far ise this danger west he saw so security
in the opposition which the Protestant repreenstation of
Coiling' might be able to give to the Catholic represcata-
ilea of Ireland. He did met believe that the Bill could
erect the object proposed by it, he did not think the seen.
cities required by it mote thaw might be reasonably demand-
ed, bat be dreaded that the opposition made to those securi-
ties was-fooaded w aoseeieutiews scruples. Utile Bill were
intended to secure pace for lrelasid, he was sincerely of opi-
nion that the trasquitlity of lrelaad world be better seamed
by the rejective than the ewacineest of the Bill. He &ti-
thed she terms in which the title of the Act of Limitation
wee reviled in the psalm Bill, sod recommended correctioa
before the Bill should be sent op to the Lords. The Right
Hoe. Gentleman set demo, and was greeted with load
eliserafrons all wise( the Home.
Mr. CANNING very eloquently and ingeniously COMP-
vertcd the argument of. his Right Hon. Friend. He main-
tained that it was not SO SOCiCtill and unvarying system of
luislatioa which the present Bill was intended to remove ;
but one which as it had existed only sines the Reformation,
so also bad it Dot rtmaised without some 'material dislike
.having been made is it for MIT years together, ever since its
enactuseal. Far two Misdeed years of the whole period
the penalties and eacluaiuss had gone on iscreasing.
For the succeeding Oft, years they were in • state of retro-
gression. The Haim Asal not, therefore, to oppose as on.
!tied and outman' theory &plat a perfect and order-
ly eyeless, hut areas", the seesatlies which •had hero left
by a decayed mad sans oar. Redrew • contrary inference
from the premises of hit Right Hos. Priced as to the danger
of Popish ingiseace derived hoes the jealous opposition
eheins to it by the Catholic Mesterei. of %Mr country before
she Beferseatiow. rasher 'shirred the otter ledepesdeoce
and security with which • Protestant Government might op.
post heel( to the eveherity-of the Pope, wheaten. tbe exer-
cise ef that authority should he thought diereses to the
Maras of the State. He asaidtaiwed with his Right Hoe.
Friend, that the danger of Popery in other times had
biles of a domestic sisters, such as that of the time
40 the . peoal coactimehM, Its. evict of William ',dietary,
ebes there existed • Popish Pretender to the Crows,
who was is teepee with the Popish Governments of Europe.
Is this, as is other cases, wherein Popish Governments bad
sought seder religious pretences to share or monopolise
the political power of states and kiaedorar, the danger was
not in she amine or tenets of the Catholic faith.
It was a domestic or political dance, belonging to the thee
existing eiresenotauces, avid acted by the ambitious sod Ise.
baket polities et the period. He saw no greater desert is
at sees admitting the deists of the Catholics, than ia ex-
cluding them with the full kaiperkdge of their possessing
nod exercising them rights, as far as their religion was cots.
'weed, is the face of as soorna'ous, peaal, sad lospraeli•
cable system of enactments. The Right Hos. Gramma
181 SD eloquent speech, of considerable length (which, from
Ilse Istraeu of the hour we are prevented from giving),
concluded by calliag on the House to pas. the Bill, se
their bloods amid the Catholic. had Lees mingled to.
tether in marriage sod in the field, and by their 'toiled
.Recta the Constitution had bees preserved. The Right
Gestlesenin sat downs amidst, loud cheers from both
sides of the House.

Strangero were thee ordered to withdraw, and the House
divided on the Amendment, *how ti ere appeared—
A yes
Nom
--•

Majority in f of the Third
Reading of the Bitl
Oo our re-admimion we found Mr. PEEL au his lege.
He was stating souse objections to the oath of supremacy,
a* Now regulated fur the Protestant and Catholic. fie did

,ut wean to admit that the Catholic aboolal not take the oath,
4aut the same reamer shot 'dweld operate iu the mind of the
Catholic against it ought to effect the P►etestant. He
Avoid Men:fine, fur the purpose of recording hie opiniou,
move, that certain work in the second page be omitted.
Mr. CROKEIt made • subsequent proposition to lbe
same effect. With were negatived.
Some other verbal amendments were then proposed, soI
carried.

On the genii** being nut that the Bill do now passim
"The Hon. C. H. HUTCHINSON rove to say, that should
'that hill pass into a law, be should isse every exertion in
in that country, from which he was proud to derive his
birth to enhance its value, and impress en the minds
of his Catholic emintrynsen the important obligations
they owe to the labors of those Goatlemma who have pas..
eJ it through that notaar. He objected to the secu-
rities, because be timaght the conduct of the Catholics
in both countries irmautled from us the highest confidence.
lie was sorry to trouble the House at that late hoar, but
Le rejoiced to see the day when Catholics were admitted to
the highest offices of the State, although to the latest hour
of his hreath he saver could assent totter conditions 'teem-
sulayialt it.

The Bill was then Fused, sad Ilse Howse adiworred at
1.0(.1a O'CLOCK.

*Lord Fres begs to inform the Editor of The
Carrier, that the Lparagraph of yesterday, regarding
this visit to •Brandenburgli-house, and absenting him-
self from the drawing-room, is fslite, and requests
in future that he will sseertein. the truth of any
alinement before lie publishes it.—Pithestir Hotel,
Illarek3l.
It is coafidaddy reporrod in the well-informed
political circles, that • Note has been sent to the
British Minister at die Court of Russia to be pre-
sentrd to the 'Emperor A4.11X A N D€ll, tint only re-
monairatiug, but actually pnueiteng against • Rus-
sian fleet entering the • Mediterranean by the Da-
rdanelles, for the purpose, as was alleged, of assisting
stn the common cause against the recent Itevolo-
Sion* which have taken place in the South of Ea-
ropr. 1 copy of this Note was also presented by
LordCasztaitason to Count Lt LVEN, ou Moodily
"it- Tire Oitosimui Porte has also, it is said. pro.
tested 145aiust >< Kumasi Alert rasing the Darda-
nelles.

-1

it

-

THE tißriggli PRES*

_7l
LONDON,
TUESDAY, Aran, 3, 1841.
The great principle of Mr. PLumcirrv's Bill
for the relief of the Catholics was last night long
and anxiously debated in the House of Commosso,
on the motion for the third reading. The mileinarw
sass chiefly opposed upon the ground of its inabi-
lity to conciliate the parties most interested in its
operation, as was to be collected from the strenuous
opposition offered to it by certain of the priesthood
and laity of tbe Catholic communimsio behold. This
argument two opposed by the friends of the measure
with a direct denial that such an inference ought
to be drawn from the resolutions passed et certain
meetings of some discontented clergymen. The
advocates of the Bill, on the contrary, declared that
its provisions were very generally acceptable to
the. Roman Catholics, by wham the measure was
Qrea es an indulgence. Sir vv.. st.t.tax Scorr,
wholast night led the opposition to the Bill, moved,
as an amendment, that it be rend • third time this
day six months. On a division there appeared, for
the Amendment, 197—Against it, 416.—Majority,
19. The Bill was then read a third time, and
passed.

Paris Papers of Friday and Saturday have arriv-
ed at our Office. Private letters have also reached
town from Paris, dated Saturday evening, seven
o'clock, which state that the offleiel a/Tennis had
arrived in the French capital of the Austrian troops
having entered Naples. The event, indeed, is
in itself so extremely probable, rro much to be
looked for as almost a necruary conseqnence of
the misfortunes that have happened, that the pub-
lic mind must be prepared to believe the first inti-
mation of the occurrence. It will not, however, so
readily admit the truth of the allegation which ac-
companies the statement, namely, that the Austrians
were received by the Neapolitans on their entrance
into the capital with the liveliest demonstrations of
joy sad affection. This, we think, draws too copious-
ly upon the credulity of mankind, for it is impossi-
ble to suppose that even Neapolitans could be so
base as to love slavery in the abstract—to kiss the
hoods that restored them their chains, and to exult
in an event which other people would regard as an
iudividual calamity end o national disgrace.

It will be seen by the accounts from Naples,
dated the 14th of last month, which are contained
in She Patio Papers, that the istelligencocosamatoi-
cated by the Gazette of Florence, and indeed pre-
viously by the first bulletin of the Aisstrian army,
respecting the total dispersion of General Pers's
army in the Abruzzi, was perfectly correct. This
corps, which it seems was composed of legionaries
and militia, men drawn suddenly from their faun.
lies, without the opportunity or the time to learn
any filing of discipline or military tactics, was
,wholly unable to withstand the disciplined veteran
troops of Ge►many, and dispersed after the first ac-
tion at Ri-ti. This want of firmness is, no doubt,
much to be lamented; but we must not too readily
censure the men for their conduct. It cannot be
doubted that in the first action they displayed very
considerable bravery, having maintained a heavy
tire from the Austrians for upwards of seven hours;
and if, after the momentary excitation of the spirits
which led theirs to brave the first day's battle, they
on the following morning showed less willingness
to engage again in a similar conflict, and finally dis-
persed as the Austrian colunins advanced, we be-
lieve that their conduct differed very little from
what, under similar circumstances, would be done
by the men of most other countries who were
equally unused to military discipline. The
Spaniards, ■s a nation, are reputed to be as
brave as any people in the world, and yet their un-
disciplined troops offered but a poor resistance to
the victorious arms of France, until they were sup-
ported by British soldiers. The Spanish troops
were, in point of fact, far more formidable to the
enemy, when acting its parties of tens and twenties,
and even as individuals watching every opportnn ty
of cutting off a struggler, or intercepting an ex.
press, than when they appeared in the field of bat-
tle, presenting an array of numbers. and under.
taking, in the prtattalptio's of their Generals, to
act with the form and regularity of disciplined
armies. With the example of Spain before us in
this respect, •we should not have despaired of the
ultimate triumph of Naples, merely in come-
quence of the di•persiou of General Papa's corps
of legionaries and militia. if the national Councils
had beets directed by men of greater moral courage,
and the people ha.l in general resolved, notwith-
standing the defeat of their armies and the capture
of their capital, to deny the right of Austria to dic-
tate the rotas of government *Web it might Orissa
the (Newt of Vienna to cossecile to the Nea-
politan.. The hopes we had once einertuitted upon
this point are disoiputed, at le.bt fur the present.
Tim people of Naples have, as it would seem, vo-
luntarily resumed their chains, but the spirit thut
prompted the late effort, though now unsuccessful,
cannot have so wholly evaporated as to leave the
rest miss of the people insensible to. the dignity of
freedom ; the party that it miimutea are pro-
bably as yet small, bat the principlee they profess

~"~ -

•
lend se obviously to dignify the Inman epeciele
*Nile 'they no less contribute to the general hap-
pint* of mankind, that in proportion as the human
■mind advances in intelligeoce, the ine•eoce of
this party must likewise be peogres,ive. The pres-
sure of' the Austrian armies upon the resources and
industry of the kingdom, united with that bitterness
of feeling which the insulting and degrading pre-
sence of a victorious enemy—victorious too from the
*pithy or treachery of the conquered, must ever
create, will probably open the eyes of the Neapoli-
tans to the effects of the system pursued by the
Holy Alliance, of which their couutry has been
the first victim.
It is certain that the Duchy of Savoy in general
took MO part in the measures recently pursued by
the revolutionary party in Piedmont, which is to
he attributed to the peculiar protection which the
King of SARDINIA seemed to extend towards that
part of his dominion,. The Government indeed
of the late limo is admitted to have been generally
mild and paternal, and whatever the weakens of his
character may have been, it cannot be denied
that his reeignation'of the crown, when he felt that
he could not retain it without in some degree com-
promising the consistency and the sincerity of his
principles, was far more honourable than the con-
duct pursued by the old King of NarLos, in swear-
ing to maintain the new constitution, and then
leaguing himself with the enemies of his country
to restore the ancient form of government. The
last act of his Sicilian Majesty previous to his de-
parture for Laybech was the consummation of his
hypocrisy. He found that the Parliament doubted
his sincerity, and for the purpose of tranquillizing
their fears he sent them a message, in which he ►eite-
rated his solemn vows never to consent to any thing
that might be proposed to him at Laybach iuconsist-
ent with the stability of the Constitution and the
great principles ou which it was fo•nded,and prayed
the Parliament to send certain of their body to mark
the firmness of his demeanour at the expected con-
ference.. flow dignified was the answer of the
Parliament, and how severe • rebuke must
the rernembraiice of it now convey to the mind
of the unfortunate old man. They reminded
him that he had sworn in the front of Heaven
and his country to maintain the Constitution, and
that they would not insult their Kinn by suppos-
ing him capable of violating the sacredness of so
solemn so engagement. His oath was to be their
security. And well has he merited their confi-
deuce. A few days only were suffered to elapse
before his name was used to sanction the outrage
which has exposed Naples to the indignity and
misery of a hostile jimmies, and has laid all Italy
at the feet of Austria... ,
In our extracts No 41ti Paris Papers will be
found an Order of the Dar, dated the 44th of lest
month, addressed by the revolutionary Govern-
ment of Piedmont to the Piedmontese army after
the eight of the Prince of CARIGNAN° from Tu-
rin. To this address we some days since alluded.
It was ineffectual in stimulating the army to resist
the power of Austria. The only part of Piedmont
that at the data of the latest accounts had not sc-
knowledged the power of the KING was the citadel
of Alessandria.

Yesterday the Duchess of CLAaliptcs visited
the Duchess of KM and the Prioress &Will*.
On Sunday and yesterday ths•Pniscess A uCIUSTS
dined with the Doke and Duchess of CLaastlce.
Lest night the Duke and Dachau of CLsamics
and the Princess AUGUSTA honoured Drury-lane
theatre with their presence. Their Royal High-
nesses sat in the King's box.
A Paris Paper slater, that the illness of the
Duchess DEC AZIS has &lOU toed au alarming cha-
racter.

Au assembly calling itself an Aggregate Meet-
ing of the Roman Catholic Inhabitants ■nd Free-
holders of the County of Limerick, has met and
pooled very strong resolutions against the securities
required in the measure now before Pa►liament.
The Roman Catholic Clergy of Tusm hire also
met, and publisl•ed a declaration to the like effect.
A counter declaration to the former has, however,
been published, she signatures to which, we ere
as•nred by the Freeman's ✓otertta/, embrace some
of the most respectable, wealthy, and influential
Catholics of Lim►rick. Our private letters receiv-
ed ye.terilay from Irelatirawdd, thst the great body
of she Catholic laity is every where satisfied with
the measure.

The following reductions •re to take place on
the Staff of Great Britain, on the 24h of June,
aiz. Majors-General Illatriet.t., Sir JANES LYON,
and Sir A. BARNARD. K.C.B.

Qn Thursday la►t a meeting took place near
Kildare. between E. M. F—g—d and H. K—ke,
Euro. ; the fanner 'wrong/limed by S. R—se,
Esq., the latter by R. tilk E,q. We are
happy to slate, that the report of the latter's being
dangerously wontideil is peifectly unfounded.
The pantos exchanged shots, •:t.I, on the interfer-
ence of the seconds, were reconciled before they
left the ground.—(Dablin Freeman's Journal.)

On Thursday next a Calmly Meeting will be held
at the Castle of Exeter, in romplinice with a mini-
wit iiiii to the HIGH SIIBRIFF of Desiia. The object
of Vie Mretinic is nut simply etsishisril to the pre-
putty of petitioning the 1-I.itisr of Cumulous to inn
vesingiite the cauers of thr distressed state of agri-
culture end commerce ; bait the sishjtel of Perlis'.
',worry Reform, retviichment, and economy, will
be istrothieril. The greatest exertion. are making
un the part of the itetinisitioui.to to ensure a full
atteu,leacr of their friends; whether u correepond-
tog iiifliteitee will he tir.d by th.we g.ii,letnen who
dissent front them as to the 'talky of the meeting,
or whether its absence or a silent indifference be ob-
served, is as yet conjecture.

z----

"=:r-

MARRIAGE IN limn LIrE.

Captain FREDERICK FITICLARENCE„ turn of his
Royal Highness the Doke of CLARENCE, will
shortly lead to the hymeneal altar Lady AUGUSTA
BOYLE, daughter of the Earl of GLASGOW.
Captain Fizzct.attExcs is among the young
men of rank and fashion of the day, one of the
moot admired for his personal appearance and
accomplishments. There is none who excels him
in cultivated mind and manners. His courage
sod promptitude in the arrest of the Coto-street
gang are recorded in the judicial annals of the coun-
ty, and give promise of what may he expected from
his prowess in the field, if ever called to it in the
service of his country. Of the Lady's family, its
wealth, however great, is perhaps ilie least of its
recommendations. Her brother JOHN, late Viscount
KELBURNE, was, like her intended Lor.l, distin-
guished for his bravery. In 1807, when on board
the Gibrulinr, je was carrying a prize which he had
Taken in the Mediterranean to Gibraltar, he fell in
with a Fetich flotilla, against which he maintained
a most gallant action, and it was not until he had
lost the greater part of his crew, he reluctantly
yielded to the overwhelming might of lambert,.
This gallant young man died in 1819.

STATE OF THE ODDS.—BETTING ROOM, Aran, IL

DERBY.
6 to 1 apt Reginald 10 to 1 apt Morel
8 to 1 apt Gustavus 11 to 1 rigit Charm
9 to 1 apt Jock 20 to 1 agst Cowslip.

OAKS.
41 to 1 apt My Lady 110 to 1 apt Spring.
8 to 1 apt Angela
RIDDLESPORTK.
2 to 1 apt Reginald I 3 to 1 apt Morel.

ET. LEGER.
7to 1 apt Jack Spiggut 111 to 1 apt Statesman.
200 GUINEAS STARK AT NE4VMARRET.
to 1 apt Banker I 5 to 2 apt Antar.

T'HR ARM}

—maw—
A troop of the Ist reginsent of Royal Dragoons is to
march into Exeter barracks on the 9th instant; it is ex-
pected that the head-quarters or the regiment will be at
Weymouth. The troop of the Mb Lancers, which have
been quartered at Exeter some time past, is to march for the
northern counties aid' its regaineut, now btatimied it Nadi-
pole barracks.

Oe Tuesday last a ormadron e the 7th Dragoon Guards,
eerier the command of Major Younehashand, arrived is
Carlisle, on their way to Birmingham, where they are to
arrive uu the 11th inst.

PUGILISM.
-........

We are hippy in congratulating the fame, in this vicinity
on a genuine set-M. George Irving, of Muss-hand, and John
Lamb, shoemaker, of Longtown, were the heroes, fur two
guineas aside. The fight took place on Thursday, at Sark-
(not, sear the place rendered classiest by Oliver and Carter
some time since. It was real Montrey Hurst milling,
the battle lostiaz one .hour and ten minutes, daring which
forty-sine rounds took place. After the Ant three it
was all Botchergate to a ebsitelter's shop in favour of
'FOOL bat Lomb was not sheepish ; although a bad giver,
he was an excellent taker, his receptions were in grand
style; he got his nub in ehirsevey ones or twice, but he
here it very well, nail although be wee not able Joe as well
as hie opponent, he refused to Ile nasecessarfly. In the
worse of the Sght he had got more in his bread-Gashef than
he mold hold, hence the kouwing-ones were obliged to
etrovey him home by holding bins on horseback..-Terfisie
Jownsal.)

DREADFUL SIORU.

(From a Paris Paper.]

A dread/el tempest, which has caused calamities and
leases, of which no estimate an as yet be made, has rated
fur three days on the eastern and southern shores of the
Mediterranean. It commenced the 7th of March, In the
evening, a frightful hurrieme. The lightning isceassatly
leaked along the heavens ; the thunder made the most in.
trepid sailors tremble; the rain and hail fall with suet vio-
koce, that nobody could remain exposed to Owes without
incurring the greatest danger; sod the whirls, at length let
loose, raised tire waves to seek a prodigious height, that the
oldest sailor does riot renumber to have men soy 'Wog
equal to it. Happily fur Fromm and Italy the winds have
euestantly blown north and northeast. This direction has
been fatal to the harbours of Sicily, Malta, and Africa,
At Megrims, ootwitiostleding the excellence and proteetion
of the harbour, several ships have been wrecked is it, and
the quay. damaged, but no life has been lost.
At Malta two ships have been swallowed up in the port
of Marsaramettto, and a third dashed to pieces in that of
Marsarciroceo. The fort of Itirasoli, which was at the en-
trance of the great bridge, and consermently, directly
opposed to the waves, has been almost totally destroyed;
one of Its bastions, unable to resist the force of the me, was
overwhelmed, and nine large guns have disappeared. The
wingsificent quays of this harbour are all beaten in pieces,
sod an enormous ruck, detached from the heights which
surmised the Inhume of the hat hour, has fellers ioto the sea.
The coast of Barbary, which par salted its side to the tem.
pest, has stared in a much greater degree. The roads of
Timis and Boos exhibited • frightful spectacle. The ves-
sels which were there, is mother more than two hundred,
have been ell sank or dashed to piece,. The Timisian squa-
dron, la which Are three frigates, shared the same fate. It
is calculated that there are more than 3,000 dead
thrown on the several shores. Aresionts from otherbettess.
tries, which have been exposed to thaa destreetise storm, are
expected with the deepest anxiety.

The SPE/IKEA', Kirlisarientary Levee, for the
present Session, will be on Saturday next, the 7th
We are glad to learn that Mr. OSIALDESToW,
who received so serious an injury while hunt-
ing on Friday, is duing very well, and hears the
confinement to his room with great song froid.
We understand the accident occurred while leap-
ing a fence about a mile from the Oaks, the *rat
of JOSHUA Gauls DT, Esq. who on bring made ac-
quainted with the circumstance, handsomely offered
the use of his residence for his accommodation.
Mr. OSBALDLITOM submitted to the painful sur-
gical operations performed upon him with a firm-
ness seldom witnessed : one splinter that protruded
through the skin was two inches in length.—(Lee-
rester Chronicle.)
We understand that to " flit Leiter from the
King" is attributed the total change of opinion
which is so evident throughout the kiagdom. Thom oho
have only heard of this able Prediction, and sot read it,
have yet to (ears the real cause of the unhappy Investiga.
Soli. We learn that Mr. SAMS§ the publisher, has 'evilly
sold tIONTItint 11100111 AND Grin.
It was pretty generally reported in town yester-
day that Lord Noasuair had died suddenly at
Phillipatowii. We shall be very happy to learn that
the rumour was Illifoutided.—( Dublin timelines
Jon rum!.)

~_...~

`~•v,~

_ •

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PARIS PAPERS

PARIS, MARCH 30.
The Governor of the •llnchy of Savoy wrote from
Gliamberry on the 416th of the prevent month to the
Prefect 14 the I►ere, to inform him•officintly of the
events which have t .ken place in Pirdinont.
The Duke of (envois, invested by the Arlie*.
lion of the King Victor Emmanuel with the royal
authority in all its plenitude., has declared illegal,
null, and of no effect, •11 the vets which have since
that abdication been pul►li.hrd by the aelf•stated
provisioied Government, as being the manifest ell.
spring of illegitimate power,
His Hightires the Prince of Savoy-Ca►ignsnn,
whom a series of unforeseen even!. and unfortunate
circumstances had placed for some days at the Ilea
of the Provisional Junta, has seideletiiy hr. Len the
yoke which "edition had imposed upon him, and,
giving the first example of his eivire submission to
the sovereign will, has gone to place himself with
ionise faithful regiment• under the command of
Lieutenant-General Chant Latour, Governor of
Novara, who iv appointed Commander-in-Chief of
the royal troop..
The city of Genoa has remained, generally speak-
ing, peaceable and full of confidence in the legiti-
mate authority. Some student. of medicine have
alone endeavoured to disturb public order. Thanks
to the ability and vigour ol• the Governor, Admiral
the Count de Geneys, they have been promptly re-
p el.
Nothing remains to be reduced but the garrison.
of the citadels of Turin and Alexandria, compns►d
of a handful of vagabonds, of soldiers of different
corps, and young students misled by criminal doc-
trines.

The Government of Savoy, which has been for
some slays menaced, has not been reached by the
revolution ; suid • few precautions and measures of
police adopted by the Governor have been sufficient
to maintain tranquillity. On the 26th the follmv-
ing proclamations were read before the assembled
garrison of Chinaberry, amidst cries, a thousand
tittles repeated, of " Vire le Boa!" and the applaoses
of the soldiers and people.
The first document is the letter of the Duke of
Genevois, dated Modena, March 16, which has
been already given. To it are added the following :
" DON LOUIS GABALEONR, COUNT OF CALMER
D'ANDEEENO, LIEUTENANT- GENERAL, &C. tie.
GOVERNOR-GENERAL OF THU DUCHY OF SAVOY.
"Savoyards! Divine Providence, which rewards faithful
mafiosi. fur maintaining fidelity to their kings, has not permit-
ted your country to be delivered up to the disorders and the
anarchy with which it was threatened. Rebellion, which has
fur a few days shaken the legitima.e authority your ancestors
so long and so vitiated, defended, has only served to dis-
play, in all their !twee, the admirable qualities which dis-
tinguish you. All the misfortuaes you may have feared are
removed before they reached you, and you have only to con-
gratulate yourselves of having praised that you are worthy
of your ancient renown.
" His Royal Highness Charles Felix, Duke of Genevoia,
foamed by the abdication of the Kiog Victor Emmanuel
with the whole royal authority, has dispatched to me by
attests his proclamation, dated Modena the 16th, in which
he declares, in the face of Europe, that he will not recut-
nide the changes that have taken place in Turin, our any 4.f
the acts pnblislied saute the abdication ; but that, as being
The manifest oWspring of unlawful forte, he regards them all
as totally null and void.
" His Royal Highness on the same day addressed to me a
! letter written by his own land, in which, repeating to me
all the above protests, he charged me to remind the Savoy-
' girds of their duty, and of the confidence with which he re-
lied, in circumstances so critical, on their fidelity and at-
tachment.
" His Royal Highness, at the same time, transfers to me,
within the limits of the Duchy of Savoy, all his authority
for calling upon all faithful subjects to give them, iu the
name of their Sovereign, the employments and the rewards
which they may merit, and for proceeding against all those
who may be criminal ; and, finally, fur watching over all
our forces for the maintenance of order, and the honour ..f
the country, and the repose and security of the whole popu-
lation.
" Savo)ards, generous sad faithful people : Be to-day
what you have always been. Du here what the immortal
heigade of Alessasidria did within the walls of Alessandria,
in the face of armed treason. Be Atm in the noble 'testi-
meats which distinguish you ; recollect that patentsl and
legitimate monarchy is the ony safeguard of nations ; resist
the perceive insinuations of malevolence; repel far from you
those dangerous innovations which would draw dowu upon
your 11,11‘ved country incalculable evils.
"All the established authorities Pill minion?, an berme_
fore, Ike exercise of their functions. Nothing is changed in
the relations of the different administrations. The situation
of the citizens remains unaltered. •
"Savoyards! Aid me with your zeal all iff 'your ersoragrees
fidelity. Tbiuk on your King, who has just informed me
that rbe will always rely on you.' Think on your conseirivirri,
on your contemporaries, who are watching you, and on py...
terity. Keep to the path of duty in which your forrfothtvs
base always walked, nod be worthy of bearing their name.
" I can assure yoie that if Savoy boldly manifests it ne-
tactiment to the legitimate Sovereign, and its hatred of Ire,-
atm, we shill have nothing to fear, neither within nor with-
out; am' that to do so is the only means by which the terri-
ble scourge of war eats be averted front these peaceful coos.
tries.
Savoyard! Yon know what I have done to deserve your
cenAdence ; you 'mow that I have always united to yowl' tfue
interests my own dearest intentions, and my most Sinetre
affection,. " D'ANDEZENO.
Chamberry, March 91."

~-

MANIFESTO OF THE SENATE OF SAVOY.
" In the crisis in which the Stile hat been placed, the
Senate of Savoy has coastantly remained at its post : the
sacred oath which hied' it to its legitimate King and tote
lane, emanated from him, renders it a duty not to uhandoii
the administration of justice, the suspension of which wout.l
have been a new calamity.
" The Senate thought it right to wait until the wish of
the King should reach it. Ming now officislly irfiiten•
Shut the Prise, Cheeks ?elk, elated by his rank to corer"
the State, has protested against all the acts of
which mime nsiskd iadividasals have committed, and deniers
that every thisg should be restored to its former stale, iliva
first body of the magistracy can no longer remain silent.
" 1a the sentinieet of respect and love which the Senile
feels fur the august dynasty of its Kings, and the eddies
with it forma fir the tranquillity and the happiness of all
the Misabitasits of this Duchy—the Senate, without mitering
kite a detail of the heroic virtues of the august House of
Illasey, and the numberless benefits it has constantly bestow( d
we its subjects, considers itself bound to recommend to the
kassbitaistsuf this Derby the continuance of •tliat unshaken
fidelity of which they have constantly given the example.,
and to guard themselves against the perfidious miggestiaos
of eestainlsoisestises oho love dmorder, and who, ender the
laypocriUcal mask of public welfare, look to revolutionary
anissemests only for the means of astiafjing their einbitinu
or their cupidity.
" At the same time, the Senate invites all the Judicial
Authorities so preserve that calmness which belongs to the
cheratter lathe Magistrate, and without which society woo.il
sass be completely perverted. As the -advanced perils • f
piddle order, they ought to arm themselves with the force ..1
the laws against that individaals who may be disposed to
trouble it. lin ought to repress the factious, sod to be

~►,

..~'

.

~~
t

fl
