FRENCH PAPERS.

• FARIS, KAOCEI U.
OULLIITIN OF TIM Mises lOBALTIL

" Mardi 27, Eight is the Mersin.

"C His Majesty hes experienced a very pima dississtion
of psis is the region of Ibe stossacb. Tbe application to
his feet ham prodscod • favourable Whatnots towards the
lowa extremities. The Kis( slept at interests Mat sight.
His Majesty is Odeon Giver. " PORTAL,
(Ilerml) " SUBMIT,
" DISTAL."

The King has heard Mass in his Chamber. His
Majesty afterwards received successively the Arch-
bishop of Paris, Prince Talleyrand, and the Am-
bassadors of Spain and Naples.

In the afternoon his Majesty transacted business
with Baron Pasquier and the Duke of Richelieu.
All the great Embassies of Spain will be imme.
distely changed. The Doke of Ferns° Norms
is succeeded at Paris by the Duke Del Parque.

1160111 D. MAIMS 19.
Casette Extraordinary V Sunday tilt 19th March.
OFFICIAL ARTICLE.
Hi• Excellency the Secretary of State for the
Department of the Interior addrewed ou the 17th
instant the following Royal Order to the Prori-
sinnal Junta :
" 14.-1 have eeeemeeicated to the Lag the letter which
year EsteNeat, addressed to tee ea the 11th last.—Tee
*milt Nate the MOM which the Previsional lusts tueem.
mead be the early mettles et the Corks; and yea yroyeee,

LONDON,
SATURDAY. APRIL 1, 1520.

At a late hour lost night we received the Paris
Papers of the 24th Inst.—Hie Majesty was suffici-
ently recovered from the attack of the gout iu his
stomach to transact beakless, and his illness is stated
in the Monifeir Co have been attended with no
serious consequence. His physicians, however, con-
tinued to issue their daily bulletins.—The law
respecting personal liberty, with respect to crimes
affecting the Royal Family and the safety of the
State, produced by the aseassination of the Duke
de Bestir, bee received the Royal assent. The
debate spun the project of the law respecting the
journal, and periodical writing, was resumed in the
Chamber of Deputies en the 27th, and adjourned
eftet • lung milling. But the must important iota•
ligeoce in the Paris Papers, and that to which the
public look with the greatest auziety, is the portion
of their contents relistlat to Spain. That point in
the old world now more than divides the interest
until lately confined to the new. The love of
liberty embraces all mankind. mid Englund, above
all unties*, must rejoice in the attainment of an
object for which she has made greater sacrifices
than any other nation in Europe. It ie, therefore,
with peculiar pleasure we anuounce the progress of
the revelation in Spain, which, at the very obeaseut
we theeight the fruits of all our ezertieus blasted
and goo,. presents them to our eyes in full me.
turity. In the recent changes we find • new
Council of State, and a new Diplomatic Corps.
The Five per Cent. Consols were ea the 27th,
73 f. 90 c. Bank Actions, 1.463 1.
Mr. Justice BUT charged the Grand Jiffy at War.
wick at 4 o'clock on Thanday. His charge wee brief.
He commenced by regretting the number of asses
on the caked& (there are 441), and lamentiag that
sawn them some would be found ler the mime
(acme of sedition. He added, that it was within

-.T ~

---e.
'''.• -r, N? -4%. ik NI • )f-• - Niil
• • .
5'''),5iN.,...........
.....,
..4 memory when offences of that stamp were very dirtiest, enA rst lily of the others
rare, sod even when they did occur often consisted might be very rep:a
of the use of loose and idle words ; but now onto,. The affair at Mswebester therefore presented two
tunately premeditated harangues were almost daily questions of law to boastided—one relating to the
tittered, NIA upon a system too well calcilated to charetter of the 1041114111 g. the other to the conduct
create popular 101 l immation, and having for its of the Magistrates. The former is no longer'.
object not the remedy of any particular or stip. question of importance since the passing of the
posed grievance, but the utter subversion of all the Act in the last Session of Parliament for regulat.
ancient and established institutions of the State. log public meetings; the latter is undoubtedly a
He earnestly enforced upon the Grand Jury the point of considerable magnitude, but from the
necessity of taking prompt steps to avert the evil ipieit kisoifested by the Grand Jury of the county
which must result from the diseeminadoo of Nell- of Lancaster, it probably will never be determined
tious doctrines. is • tont, of ordinary judicature.
In the course of Thursday, a pomphlet.seller. The subject, we doubt sot, will in the course of
named o.lsornee from Dirtbilisham. was convicted the ensuing Session be again submitted to the con.
of selling a publication named, "Tile Black Book," sideration of Parliament. The Ministers, and those
which vilified in the grossest terms the doctrines other Members of both Houses who with them
and pras eticesjif the Established Church.
laboured under the notion that the meeting at
Mr. DUMAN, in sit ingenious speech for the Manchester was riotous in the ordinary sense of the
Defendant, urged, that he merely sold the work in *Ord—that the people obstructed the civil power in
the course of hiii trade, and was not responsible for the performance of its dory.—trampled upon a
its contents, at it was impossible he could reed Magistrate while in the act of reading the Riot
every pamphlet he sold. Act-.hurled bludgeons and stones at the
yeomanry
Mr. Justice Beer said, that such a defence would is they advanced, and subsequently closed round
be just as good as that of a man who sold poison, them for the purpose of putting them to death, must
and after billing a dosen iuditideals by his drugs, take an earlyo opportunity of acknowledging the
should turn round and lay he was itborfut of, the erroneous impressions which they had entertained
deleterious nature of the compound. upon this unhappy affair. All the circumstances
The trial of the venerable Major Cartwright, Mr. here enumerated and advanced as authenticated
Wooler, Mr. Edmonds,' sod Mr. Mattocks, will facts by Ministers and their friends in Parliament,
not take place before Monday nest, and perhaps have bee. most clearly and pointedly contradicted
not then. Mr. DENMAN and Mr. HILL are Counts by the evidence given at York. It is distressing to
eel for bbioi Cartwright on points of law ; the think that such misrepresentations could have been
Major intends to make his defence upon the facts of Made Upon so important a point; but it is now ma.
the case. The other Defendants will plead their nifest btytind the possibility of doubt, that these
own cause. noblettien Old Gebileisen have been egregiously

Sir Charles Wo!Petty's tend will not take plate
at Chester until the sth or 6th of April. Major
Cartwright was present at, but took no part in the
business of the legislatorial attorney meeting ; he
means to phew, by the whole tene► of his poli-
tical life, that he was averse to violent measures
of any description to remedy political abuses.
For this purpose he has subpoenaed several die.
tinguished public characters with whom he act-
ed in the course of his long career, and means,
if allowed to enter into so wide a latitude of
defence, to chew that he often opposed the cele-
brated Thomas Paine and others, who proposed
summary remedies in the course of their political
dissertations. The Major has subpossaed the
Duke of Roxburgh, but his Grace is attending the
election of Scottish Peers at Holyrood House; he
has also requested the attendance of his Grace the
Duke of Bedford, and Mr. Tierney. The Major
is in private lodgings in Warwick, accompanied
by Mrs. Cartwright, Mr. Peter Walker, Mr. North.
more, and some other private friends. Mr. Peer-
son is his solicitor. The venerable Major has
been in Warwick for several days; he tough'
a hard and successful battle at the Crown Olßct
in striking the Special Jury. In the 48 first
picked there were included 13 of the Grand Jury
who found the bills against him. which 13 how-
ever the Major succeeded in getting struck off. He
is in high spirits. As all the Defendants are ors•
tors, the trial is not expected to finish in one day.
Warwick is extremely crowded, and the trial es.
cites mach interest.

The Treasury writers still persist in saying that
the verdict of the York Jury declaring the meeting
of Manchester illegal from the circumstances at.
tending it, has fully justified the Magistrates in
employing the yeomanry to disperse the people.
This assertion, often made, has been repeatedly
disproved, and even the Treasury writers must be
aware, that in argument an assertion once refuted
can derive no strength from bring repeated. Bot
admitting for • moment that the assertion be sup.
portable in a court of law, it surely cannot be
maintained that the exercise of military violence
was just or legal, without first ascertaining whether
the same purpose might not be attained by the
exercise of the civil power alone, or without giving
to the people assembled the notice required by
law on such occasions. Evidence was given at
York that the proclamation prescribed by the Riot
Act tear mat read. sad that the yeomanry cavalry
advanced rapidly into the mixed assembly without
any previous intimation of their purpose, other than
the command to advance. It is, however. cleat
from the evidence, and from the esiummemes of Mr.
Justice BATLEY. that the unlawfolnees of the met.
ing was couatructive, and arose neither from its •
avowed and ostensible object. nor from the
menu 'multitude that encoded at it. in such a come
it is obvious that nothing could have justified the
Magistrates in interfering but the appearance of a
lumulteary disposition on the part of the meet.
iug—an evident design of perpetrating present
mischiefs but the concurrent testimony of Dearly
all the witnesses examined at York proem that
so far were the people assembled at Manche,.
ter from manilestiug any tendency towards riot,
that on the contrary they obsersed the strictest do.
corium and propriety of conduct. The Judge,
homes/. by keeping the legality or illegality of
Mr. Mille, proceedings distinct from the question'
of the propriety et impropriety of the 1111161110 NO
adopted and pursued by the Magistrates sad pea
weary, manifestly implied that the deierasioneiess of
the one creation did net aeressarily ionise Ma
other, sand thereby sbeired that Mr. Hove
145:
be guilty even of every charge contained in ,

17
deteivedi and the hountrt expects from their can-
dour and sense of honour that they will withdraw
their countenance and support from Magistrates
who, to conceal their own rashness or timidity, Isis•
repredented the character of the meeting, and
vilified, after they had injured, a pesceabk and an.
Offending

Dutch and Haarbtirgh Moils ha►e arrived, with
popers to the 2gth instant. They contain inteill.
gence from Batavia to the 13th of October. The
nati►es do not appear to be yet reconciled to their
old masters the Dutch.

We have received New York Paper, to the 11th
last. The Missouri Bill posed, in the House of
Representatives, on the lit fast.‘ with the clause re-
straining that State from introducing slavery. There
was a majority of only nine in its favour; the num.
hers being, for the passing of the Bill 91, against it
84. It was next day carried op to the Senate, where.
upon the motion illf Mr. BA MIMI It, the clause requiV2
i lig the new State to interdict slavery within its limiti,
was ordered to be struck out by a majority of 12 ; the
numbers being, for the restriction 15. against it 27.
A clause was then added, declaring. generally, the
inhibition of slavery in the territories of the United
States north of 36. 30. north latitude, except within
the proposed State of Missouri. This motion was
agreed to without debote, and the Bill, in its
amended state, was sent back to the House of Re-
presentatives. A warm debate ensued, but the
amendments were finally earned ; the numbers in
favour of them being 90. and against 87.

An insurrection of the blacks is said to ban
broken out at Petenburgh, in Virginia. They had
set fire to several buildings, and committed other
excesses: but it was expected they would soon be
seduced to subjection.

The Bill to prevent all intercourse between the
United States and the West India Mandl, and Bri-
tish Nor►h Americo, had oot passed into • law up
to the 10th last.

Lord COCHRAIIIS has mode another unruccmsful
attack upon the Spanish fleet at Callao. Ina letter
to Doe Zemmol*, Minister of Marine of the
Chiliads, dated on board the Admiral's ship
O'Higgins, Bey of Callao, October 6, his Lord-
ship ascribes his failure to the " Woos of the
rockets, some of which burst in consequence of
the tubes or cylinders being badly soldered, and
others broke at the tail, having unfortnnotely been
made of a very knotty and brittle wood." He ex-
presses his determination, however, 44 to operate
upon a different plan, which he hopes will produce
a better effect."

The following *Scud notiimition was made yes-
terday by the Spanish Ambassador :-64 The Doke
de SAN CauLos, his Most Catholic Mojesty's
Ambassador at the Court of London, hos the ho-
nour to announce to all the Spaniards wbo are in
this capital, that ho how jest received widen to
take, and to cause to be takes, the oath of fidelity
to the political Constitution of the Monarchy. by
all Spanish subjects residing in London. In par-
malice thereof, he has the honour to inform them,
that they am present themselves at his residence,
Itor " Porthtud-plant, every day dens, the co-
ZX;ssack to commence frees Moodily). from
lentil two o'clock, for the purpose of per-
this solemn ceremony."
On the lath ultimo Wes. Vogel SmitA, weaver
is Airdrie, was brought to Hamilton is a post chaise.
under charge of a seeemeeger. seemed of being
44 actively employed. under the pretence of obtaining
mead reform. so sesieting et secret sod select
• lo induce venous sties societies of radi-
alletettgtlrew is the neighbourhood of Airdrie, to
peovidi'dielsedves yids area for selenfel par-
ireese." After a pretegsitiee bed bees taboo, he
wee cestesitted to gaol fee heti* gissindse.

:
