4

I'OREIGN INTELLMENCL.

CAMITLATION OF 31ADNID.
FROM 1111; MAD( D GAZECIT., 1 1, 14ru

- _
CATITOLATION PaOIOO4ED BY TUN MiLl CAT.T o
civil. JusTe OF MADRID. Ail 1114 thcE:ttit.
Roy •L 111 t ReTY TO. r:itti OF 'nit:: FN S.Nt.ll.
Art. I. Tits preservation of the Cutholi‘,Apostolic, and
Roman Religion, -without ray olive 1)68(10011y tolerated.
Answirr.—Granted.
Art. g. The hhertt and security of the lives ao properties
-of the citizen* and tith-: persons residing iu Matlrid, of well
ne of th we in pc War, f: meats; the pre.ereztioa of their
situations, ur the uptiottor their retirtns thus Court, if
they should prefer it. lotkchiie the liT pri‘ de.., and
propertits of the seralsr cud F.eoetiaJtue or both
series, softiies will the reiptwt ilde to ear ehusAses, ail in
OnlfWality to one I;,As and e4tatnale.
Att a. The lives attpropertiea of all Al Itiari Obieers at
vii c are likewise to b-• 43500 r
A, 4. No person shall be giahle to perserotion, on se-
ritti..t of their peot.cal opinions or AV.: 644 V, ai.y mare than
th.s. catoloyeti iu a 74,',110 esp.,itle, for Wira t they all.) have
door lttherto m the exercise of their eir.pi.i.via-ota, or ID
'medicare to the totter' Goverame t ;. loos •bait the people
sneer f.ii the Oro:is which ear; bare tastla for thctr difeacc.
A.alwer.--.•amcd.
Art. 5. NO ottatr eor.tribst: Pal shall be esartri I.rtor,l
te .istioary time that hare Li:heir.) pa.d. Onsets.--
Grouted, till the mule; aliall defi.ulowll or argauised
Art. G. Our Laws, Catittnos, Coals .1 Juacee .hall
be preserved in their present co ant:a:tam. .I,isirei.--tiailatt-
cl, until the lenplvin undergert it, .t.f..,t;tiec orgaalsatioa.
Art.'. The Tre,irb troop.: 1114 there tl hC..c rLt ki.4
he
gnu-tea-eel du iir:vtar bootee, Sot 10 iii;:itary ladasug-lostas4s
cad tents, and by ore or i1,0tart.r...5 ; 11W
71W1VCIIIS11../t:7,1 to the reswetila r;:tavea L. aSc darn
reeertred. Answer ...otiralarrl, it hciox w.:;! thut
b.lll the officers and privatt s must have gazettes and teats
that set fitrnishe4 o,e‘forreolk.: to the tn.'otary
valeta the said bitibiinge ha tosittlieier.t.
nit. a. -rbe trotke shall march out of the town with the
liortou, a of war, 8,1.1 be at hberty to retire abitheretorer they
eh.-. fe Aoewor.-...riie hoofs shall march oat with the
haaosra of tear ,• tiwy shall march off by Aiwa to-ttay at four
fetlock in thettft.ietioon, said lotre their arias and 110011011 :
the 111X,IlaGA pr,Palts stroll alts I. eve tto-ir %OM. end ;
after eliicb the i•auttet.i..t. shall retire to thrtr'liquare, and
those lota without the town to their villages. All the
tndi-
andusis that 1-........01i5te.i.ern0ng.tb.: truur;.of the line four
twooti•• ago, ski.d te free i•oiti their I tag,tplovnts, and re-
tire to their rine S.. All um mid abLil ecoita.ur pawners of
war till an cv,haile talc-, plate, vivre arid coaansbee im-
inediateiy hetet, l• equal numbers, alid rank for stark.
Art. g. The pot."ic &his and enoiteuiiitts of the State
Oval be faitl46l,ly and c...i.atet:tly tillebAlp:' d. Attiliter—
Tiiis !wing a poll fiealAtltirct.lwhirvi to the ou‘niteuer of the
dataatably of the Realist, nod depends on the gams-al selini•
aiatrathun.
X- Thus I Generals who wish to continue in the Ca-
pital, shall prep f. mt. limn rant. , and .nrh as are demotes of
splitting it, shali,ise at liberty ra N, iii. Anwer-*Grautt
they fro,. elltetroillt Ito ir pat Vaal
Only ernltinat t I•I the kiagiloto IVO:IO111 fill 11164111 W 10614-,
nation.

Arni I NA I. ELEVENTH ARTICLE. ,
A Ate tebioctit sif fiiiaid‘ shall this day, at four Welor.ll,
take possemion tAi• Pala ,e *Ars. daTtat lta1"1.
of
ete city Anil, al out :lir sax e LAIC, lie delivered up to the
YeeuCh Army. The 1 I...irii-luxue of the lholy sod
the General !hospital, alv.ll he surrendered to the fiend
r.s
army at the castle blue At the saint hour the Paik of A
hilere, and the ase,toil s. together with the eni ineers,. shall
be surrendered to the :r-eiseh artillery and engineer,. The
hocks and
Thee *LAI be levelled, and the streets
repatrrd. French IDdieer alniut to take the contra-nal
ref )1.01r.d ateout butd.day, repair, under a military
guard, t, the iasiime C-,e principal (.:uremia), its or.ler to.
eotieert a.t . Govern-111w t..t, rilulatioim of puttee., and meg-
SUMS for the pod order awl public De,
(Wily is all Forts of slot Loan.
Ue, she insiterawseil lamosisubitmers, sath,lned
to fall
prime's for be:fling a: I vigstilq; the lactatutCatoitutuiimi,
have iKreed *pm the disfid and emigre • lion of the •
•disove
FElf:11 INIXf DE I.A VERA Y PANTOGA.
1011.15 I}E 'Mt./LILA.
ALI:S.1:111k O.
imperial Canso at !Ail, the sth of December, 1405.
(A tine Cop )

PROCLAMATION OF Fl TM.: SUPREME CENTRAL
N'EA.
Pablisilei at St. Mary 66 amt Cad's, ort the smt of December.

" SPANIARII%!--irhe isireA emissaries of the ty-
rant, with the des.' pi of taislcading you, aatl bang.
ing the Supreme ~ i,, g Junta of the liingdom
into 'bulimic, sua aJ reports that the latter have
approval the caltifulatiosi of Madrid. This sove-
reign body feel it to be tl,..ir duty to contradict ru-
mours, the object and 1.-ndeacy of which are to soar
distrust betwee., the (Mvertinitmt and the people,
to produce gc,014,1 t!1-cousagement and Snatchy,
and to Plt,n,t. to contempt the sacred uuth of your

Represents t,ver.
" Sr.tstaar- :—The Snprcme Junta, niusie
motto IN I),i ,b or Liberty.' are far from approv-
ing of the csattitultition of lolly town. That whir h
rcrogniars the lf,nrper, and submits to the law of
the Tyriait, is hot Strahis!:—it is an enemy. The,e
are tire or raiment, of the Supreme Junta—scab-
nicetta winch they will :lever belie, in word or deed;
wha%etrr you mat' be told by the portivoirs of
chaputiani, those vile wretches who *sairritice to a
anistroble !..elf-interest, the stirred rights of their
country, be us.ured that their reports are ealuni,
nies—snow laid for you by the Tyrant, to entan-
gle you in the mazes of his infernal policy. The
country you have sworn to defend, the religion
wherein you have sworn to die, the !penises and
offspring you have sworn to protect, n captive
lshig whom )ou have sworn to rescue—all &tuna

the lialilment of your proutise.
" ye, brave iiihabitauts of Madrid, who re-
• fined your assent to a shameful capitulation, and
rising, superior to others invested with command.
and even to yourselves, preferred death to sui:ery
and slavery, persevere in tour generous reso;sition.
The tneenentnry is ovation of the buil‘Logs of the
city by the enemy ie of no importance, whilst they
are not masters of your Iscarts. Coutiune to resist
thew in the very of line fatniiiev; place tin
enotitielice it, their deceitful professions; rejlert,
that to every people they have promise] happiness,
sod al; they have plunged into misery. The
who Wateil OWPC your destiny will cause iiiimemmi
twit/10n:m.13.40s to march to that unfortounte
Ca-
paid. They have not forgotten you js no! keep
alive your hopes, retain your h:avery and firmness,
and your ilrlaverailee will be stir more gherions, via
the &tiger you have est:in/tin:red bus been great."'

'THE PRESS.

LONDON,
SATL;RDAV; JArit;:atir 14:

We stated, on Wedieeelay, that a task bad been
picked up, on the precediug Saturday, off Rams-
gate, tontainiegetteplicates of the Bulletins of the
French army in Spain, previously received is an
open boat from Boulogne ; and also some of lieW
nuns, of more recent date. Well copies of some in-
tercapted letters (ten the Duke DI N TANTA 00,
and other Spanish Ceuerals. %Ye stated, at the
setae time. that it WWI utelerstood the Beduins., did
hot centain any muter of importance, mid are now
aurprised that Ministers, to whom they were imme-
diately transmitted from Ramsgute, did not setter
icily part nf their contents to transpire until iester-
day. 'rice iii I, 13uiletin is doted Madrid the 19th.
—it states, that patroleS of !''reach cavalry had
pushed on es far ns alla,lulid, sit the one side, and
to the Frieitiers of .teetalnsie oil the other. That
the endue which hal ad vaacial to 'falavera was still
at that place ; that the cavalry had at length dis-
coverril the existeisce of the English, who had re-
nt:duce in so extraordinary a +winner immoveable
tt Sahenauca.; that it was his intention to give
his troops some days rest, after the ettraonlimary
fatigues which they had aralerrne ; and it con-
cludeswith st*ting, that the eth division hind reached
Burgos. We are cuufislent that these Bulletins
are sent to this conntry, in this extraordinary
and nuprecedeuted way, to deceive and mislead
our Ministers. It is huniiliatiog to think. that
ItottereaTE, 1' the atrocious Usurper of France,"
(as Nlr. C•N Ni NU dtsig itateal NAPoLloel, should
thick so iniquity of the wisdom of our Minis-
ters, as to Ratter himself that there Bulletins
could possibly iufluence their voltam t.—Yet
we greatly fear that they are not without their
!Otte. Mit.istero, in The Sun of last right, their
(attend, Toper, and, we may add, tl:e only paper
that has acted with fidelity and gratitiale to ards
theta, say. " it is, important et,d estisl'aitniy
to know, front the Bulletins, teat, as Lite as
the Iptli, no matt of the French heny had Ineaan
to march from Madrid, awl there is every rea-
son to believe that they did not continence
their march (at least the infautry) till the J.l.e
The kuewleslee of this facets siillicieet to remove the
aleeehetisious which have been expressed by some
of our contemporaries, for the safety of Sir JOHN
Moo rts'i, Army. There can be no doubt that Ste
Joux the start of BO NAP A RTE by siiedays, end
of SOU LT by four die e and therefore it is almost
impossible that either of their armies can come tip
with him." %Ve wi.n the paw,: r.r the use
which Nliaitters make of the eoth Voitletim They
have kept it in their pockets for sternal clays, sad
they now produce it, and for what purport ? We
weever, for a similar purpose for which Boe Al Ante
sent it to them. He seat it to the Mintsters to de-
ceive them, to keep them in the dark, and they
publish it to mislead the pveple. Sir Jose
Mouss's dispatches, dated ..stores, tile ;list of
Urcellaber, bay. " tee Fiend, Mimicry has not yet
crime up, hut is ricer, and the revelry isaraosel us i.e
great aunstmra." The dispatches state a great deal
more, which Ministers du not ciinotie to tell us.
The dispatches give a definition of this Mani sear,
sod Nliuisters know that 80% A tat ItTe. at the head of
twenty sciustdrons of cavalry, was out the 31st
within twelve miles of the rear of the British army.
Why thou bring forward this :nth linlletiii,
for the purpose of a delusion, which, although
s.necessful, must vanish in a day It is well
known that Botta tenet; Irtril V.ll the united
cure of Marshal the Duke of DANTTIC ; " the
united corps," that is, according to the oreonira-
lion of the French army, a force lint less than 40,000
meat, on the lath December, on tke roach to Sego.
vin, cud that they marched for St:eerie oil that alice,
to support Soet.t. Iltr wonitl, of course, be the
last to leave the came. at Madrid. Having
dispatched all the forces which he enema to
march against the British army before him, he
would sreulete upon placing himself at their
head, just at the utomeut when his preseuce
'night be necessary. Of course he would not feel
it necessary to leave Madrid until several days after
the last of his troops had marched for Leon and
Galliehe and even although he should have re-
niained in the neighbourhood of that city, until
the eat!, it wits mot impossible for bins to hair
readied the vicitiiry of Astute*, oo the thirty.
Ora. Such it the reasoning which the Coth
Uarninto, even upon the supposition that
Hoes ea ear. was at ;Madrid so late as the
But are A:Misters, who contend for, un opeosite
conclasion, aware of the ceauetueners of thus
setting up the authority of this Btilletin to im-
pcuch the solidity unit truth of the dispatcher,
y have rr:c. iced from Sir .lonts.llootte,
aiscrtine, that " the euetny's cavalry was arossail
him Ur great rumbers, and that the iltriall-
Efy ;is near." To treat the Bulletins of BONA-
PANTE with all this revere-we sisal reapect, Pad-
'''. es , ee ret at, male and seat to cleseiie ths.
04 I I rant: thetri with • holy writ ; it ie. to pity to
Boxer are, " the atrocious usurper of France."
the !tightest cempliment that sea ewer Lana to
a hnit.An h.dug, It is .to prantoue.that kr the
consults; of Sepia, and the belies, awl fur what is

perhaps more near to his heart,, the clestructimi of
the Bower of the British arms,, 801 l ATAKCIE. " this
ati.ocious•eiarper of France," would not insinu-
ate a falsehood, even in an anonymous Bulletin.

We have received Mwirist Gazettes to the eth of
December, from which we have extracted a copy
of the capitulation of that city. The publicear has
been abused by reports of the obstinate and perse-
veriug resistance of Madrid, of the repeated re-
pulses of the enemy before it, of their massacre, and
final expulsion, after a coolest of many da... 4. Every
vessel wafted to our shores, from Spain, re-echoed
this news. The story, whether coming from Cadiz,
or from Coruutta, was the same. The Capitulation
refutes all these rumours. It bears date the 4th,
the day after the main body of the French army
came up, and is signed by Slams, the ve:
swan whore NAPOLEON loaded with such groe,
abuse, and treated with so much contumely and
scoru. We find, indeed, from the terns* of this
doeurne:d. that the inhabitants had adopted those
means of resistance, of which only a city like Mu-
tirid is capable. Alllollg these they had breten up
the streets, iu like mintier us the Sprutiards had done
at Buenos Ayres; and as BA LEIA x I, who assisted Ge-
neral Lir:lets. is now in Madrid, it is probable that
the precise plait was adopted which ails PO success•
ful at Buenos Ay ma against Centre' 11 to Elate
Hot the citizens of Madrid did neteraustil.Aleeinselves
of these preparations. As soon as the Itrtiro.
which COUIIIIIIIIIII4 the place, was taken. the town
capitulated. Moat. s, in negotiating this treaty,
appears to have been' lost to all private, as
well as public feeling. It,tuay be said, that fur-
ther resiatauste could onlriesni:.ta the unprofit-
able effusion of math blectif,lllB bring down
the venrstree of NAPOLEON upon the city.
This may be true. To . maintain the place
agama the formidable force before it, we be-
lieve, was impractiesible, but irTwees trot impos-
sible to preserve the •troops. Moat.* might, or
critht to have eontrived au opportunity to enaLle
them to evacuate it, atithitill thtte preserved them
to their country. We ,64(1, on the' co'.trury. by
the C'apitulation, that all the tortes in Nladrill,
etneristinc, of armed peasants. tinned. inhatritaats.
and troops of the line, shall be marched
oat of the town, and be disarmed.; the, pea-
sants and citizens, and all new levies enlist-
ed. into the hoe, nitkia the last tour months,
shall then di,perse w.rtllfuru to their respective
lames, and the sigielea troairs of the liue shall re-
iutin prisoners of tear nail regularly exchanged.
—Thus the whole tirtnents of resistance organ-
ised at Marine!, are completely dissolved, and
have not a wreck behind. —We lately an-
urinated, that the Supreme Junta hart proceed-
ed to St. Alary's, and now timid, that from the
Islam place, it has reached its we phi ultra ; at
Cadiz. At these places it issued a proclamation,
condemning, in strougi;rhis, the. capitulation of
Madrid ; but we fear that its fugit.ve authority will
not go far to remove the depre‘siorrof public spirit
that mug attend the surrender of the Capital, and
the total uegaieseeiree of its citizens, and the horse
that deg :tided it, to the will of the invader.

auy thing at the present moment could awaken
att, utiun iu the public mind, except the destiny of
the Fpwuish Monarchy. and the critical, uot to say
perilous, situation of our army. iu Gallona, retreat-
Mg before 800 APAIITS it would certainly he the
legi,iative seta and commercial regulation,. already
enacted. or in routenoiation, by the Goverumeot
of the United States of America. However osten-
sibly these regulations may seem to be equally di-
rected agedett Foutee and against Urea' Britain, it
is intones:dole not to perceive that their intention
and their operation are really levelled, principally,
we might perhaps say, solely, against us. Femme,
destitute of eQOIIIIVrt7C, her ports and harbours
closed, her productions prevented in a great de-
gree from lwi.ig exported. her youth comeribcd,
and led successively over every portion of Europ.,,
under the victorious standard of a foreign Usurper,
mho enchains the nation. and subjugates the
itrighleouriug states. France thus bent down, and
already habituated to the privations which its
Ruler's ambition or vengeance dictates, can be
little affected by prohibition*, embargos, or non-
importation decrees of the American Legislature.—
When, iie addition to the spirit manifested beyond
the Atlantic, we reflect that all Europe now moron-
blies a %set prison, under the contemn of a fern-
civets keeper, who extends his girders to every part,
and who shuts, with the slime facility, the ports of
Prussia, Denmark, Italy, and Austria,
.as he does
that of Fruiter, oar reflection* cannot be other
tlian serious, and even painful. Altona, Aleinel.
Trieste, cu•! Leghorn, are as much under N.seci-
ttotte's cootroul. as Bourdesent, or as Marseilles.
To complete the extinction of all commerce with
the Continent, the Emperor of Rusoie, late our
ally, Sucereign of the greatest empire on the
globe, coodcsceuds to become the instrument and
scourge of a Corsican revolutiouary Tyrant,
with whom he has entered into the closest
couneetions of friendship and policy. In or-
der tb prove his devotion and subaereienee, the
descendant of Peteta the GREAT, within little
etiqrc than eighty years after the death of that War
triftlite 1.:41,13t0rt EM1...41h to replunge his country
harlferisai, and to pass sentence of poverty 0:1
ts. The great and leading principle of

TOW R.% life and reign, and of all hig fruits, namely,
rendering Muscovy, tivstead of %misfit:, a Eu-
ropean .power, of giving her mule, and arts, and
manufactures, and civilization ; of connecting hos-
