F~

,',I 1

tr'
4~

r

way was., to take all America toleer. The whole of the com-
merce of.lareat Britain was 33 miliions; 21 millions of it went to
Europe ; out of the remaining 22 minima, 17 went to America,
and b millions to the East and West ladies. Ile was ready most
entirely to that when the country-could spare the revenue
that duties 'on d t branches of trade produced, and that as
restrictioos in due course were removed, trade must increase.
There was another circumstance not to be overlooked—these were
agricultural countries; be meant agricultural countries fur their
own interests. Spain has now no means of conquering these
countries ; their means are chimerical. lie would now call their
Lordships' attention to some circumstance% which probably might
not be unknown to them. In the Revolution of TOM, when Spain
was invaded by the armies of France, it was notorious that the
period was not far distant when the Colonies would effect a separa-
tion from the Mother Country—it was obvious that sixteen or
seventeen million, of people could not be held in perpetual thral-
dom; and it was titers a question with the Government of this
country, upon the rising of Spain on that unparalleled and atrocious
aggression, whether we should support the Mother Country ;
leaving that to its fate, we should 'any the war to the southern
hemisphere, and the station and taltnt in the country of those who
combatted ; for this latter opinion were by no moues inconsider.
able, but the most genesous; and4its circumstances turned out, the I '
most fortunate policy was pursued. The two lines of policy were
incontinent, and having onc the system we thought it ad-
visabk to follow—we were compelledo follow it openly. Our con-
duct at that time was highly applauded, but the revolution in
Spain was accompanied by • revolution in the provinces. From
the situation in which this country was placed there was but one
course to pursue. In 1810, when we fleet receinskthe intimation of
the rising of the Colooka, we offered our mediation for the recon-
ciliation of the Mother Country to their provinces, and there was I
no period from 1810, to the completion of the war in the year 1014,
whether with the ('ortea or Constitutional Junta, that this country
did not persevere in her line of duty aid sound policy, for they
could not beiseyered and he had no hesitation in saying that that re-
conciliation would have been effected, if the Spanish flovent.tent
had listened to our offers of mediation. It was not the King of
Spain alone who rejected our interference, but all panics ruling in
that country; and if there was one party more clamourous than the !
rest against making any concessions, it was the high Constitutional
party; nevertheless this country continued to fellow in the same
clunk, even up to the Congress at .his-la-Chapelle. But by this
time was gained, and Spain evaded our offer,. AVe were then led
to feel and to consult our own interests, end those interests were not
opposed to our duty. The Noble 31 anoint had omitted to state;
what was our actual situation, what we had ilone,and what remained
to be done. In the year 1812, a Noble and laniented Friend of his,
row no mote, had prepared instructions, which were subsequently
delivered to a Noble Duke, and which that Noble l)uke acted on.
Government atterwardt submitted to parliament an Act, which ad.
rotted de,/ono the independence of these colonies, for by the 3d of
the Kieg, cap.. 43. an Act was pawed (the Navigation Act), giving
to all thaw colonies the right of trailing as independent phweri,
and without reetion establishing with those coolants a complete
tree trade. '1 his step was it that time explained to the Spanish
Government, and they were also told that it would be followed by
other ulterior steps • and therefore, we may say, that from this time
the practical independence of these Status was acknowledged—the
communications were no longer unilateral. Ile would now come to
the period when, after the French hail invaded Spain, and the deli-
verance of Ferdinand was no longer problematical, this Government
took the step of sending out Consuls to the principal States of South
America. We diet this on • view of our own interest : it has been
euid that this step was dictated by the Speech of the Preaideet of the
United State. of America, but our line of conduct was decided on
weeks before that message was known in this entry, and even be-
fore it was delivered, and after we had obtained from France an ab- ,
juration of any intention on her part to act with arras against these
States: This musky had done every thing that was practicable.
consistent with honour and good faith, to effect a mediation. crud
had failed; what course then was left for it to pursue? As to an
acknowledgment of its independence, in the fennel sease cf the
word, you have no right to give it or to dispute it ; every thing else
has been done; the only thing that rentairs is our diplomatic in-
tercourse, and if there is one right niore peculiarly belonging to the
Sovereign than another, it is the poinr of nominating the countries
to which he will tend diplomatiast. There may be as apathy in the
exercise of the Royal prerogative which Might call for the inter-
ference of Parliament, 'but will any nine say that that is the case
In the present instances he was prepared to deny it. The Noble
Lord (Liverpool) stated, that he had no desire to shelter himself
under any secret motive ; he had no difficulty in telling the No-
ble Marquis all he thought, and this brought Min to that part of
the speech of the Noble Marquis with regard to the Revolution in
North America. Every body knew the conduct that was fol.
lowed by France during that unhappy struggle; the House of
Bourbon lent her ansustance to those colonies, and 'supported
them with her arms, while we were in the field and. the issue
doubtful. But God forbid that we should ever be guided by
the come }Mlle,' ; if the contest were going on, he, for one, would
not advise the Sovereign to adopt the conduct he had followed ; but
it could not be said that a force of not more than 200 men, and
than blocked up, were competent to reduce the South American
states to their limner dependence on Spain. The Noble lined had
complained that his Majesty's Government had sent no Plenipoten-
tiary to these states; but he would ask whether there was a ('hilian
or a Peruvian, who would not be better pleased by the dicta of
Mr. ('animing, that this country would not allow of foreign inter-
ference laid which was also abjured by the Count de Pulignac, on
[a.rdc of France), than by the appointment of a Plenipotentiary ? He
lend G.) would admit that it was desirable to procure an acknow-
grown from Spain of the independence of these colonies; but
he would again ask if it were becoming in l'.uliament, after he
Mejesty had Pent a Coniminioner to one state, and Consuls to all,
to take this question out of the King's hands. lie (1,17,1 L.) had
seated this subject without reserve; he hail stated the situation in
which this country was placed--he had wilted, that by the me-
-4E311011 of this country, a past of the provinces might have been
pie eerved to Spain and, having shewn that by our geed will these
rotes should not be trampled on, and that as we have hitherto
kept ourselves unfettered, so we will eonnnue to keep ourselves,
both as against Spain and against the Alliance. Ungenerous 1110_
tirol had been autibuted to the British Government; but it die-
_

C.2iipcil auy intention ofsappoytioninc itself any of the Spa-

nisi, Colonies. The explanation he now give i.was dne to the
Noble Lord. This Government had made a communication to the
several Courts, but had not as yet received any answer. He had rea-
son to know that that communication hail been received by one of the
Courts. If the Noble Lord asked him if the States meant to go to
Congress, he could not answer him ; all that lie could say was, that
this country would be no party to such a Congress. The Noble
1;ar1 concluded by moving an amendment, expressive niche entire
cont;tlenee felt by the !louse in the measures that had been taken
r lilt regard to the (Armies of South America.
;gad ELLENEOIIOI;Iai said, that the Noble Earl seemed
to have mistaken the object of his Noble Friend's motion alto.
pc Cher. It ought never to be forgotten, that Spain was now in the
hands of France, and the question was, whether we ought not.
under those circumstanees, to recognise the independence of the
Colonies. 31 uch stress had been laid on the abjuration of France
as to any hostile measures against thou : but lie would ask, after
the cit.-on:stances that hatlsreceutly taken plate in Spain, what re-
11snce could be Ministers
on any thing that I farce might say. Was
it possible that Ministers mild he so completely blind as to put
ar y faith in what that country might uge it they acre, he trusted
titu House was not ; and he hoped that the House would adopt the
motion of the Noble Marquis, as it would lelUi to the immediate
recogratii n of the independence of the South American States.
While this country was fighting side by side with Spain, it might
have been necessary to support them in their hopes of subduing
their revolted Colonies ; but all those feelings and incitements had
long since ceased, and from the reinstatement of Fc:dinand, this
country was absolutely free. The Noble Earl had admitted that
the exertions of this country hail been put forward, not to secure
the independence of South .kmeriea, hut to re-ronnect it .'"ith Spain.
This was lint all; their Lordships could not forget. South .tnierica
could not forget, that odious stretch of legislation—the Foreign
E..listment Hill. This measure virtually supported Spain against
South America. and filled every honest independent mind wi:h
dotglist ; we withheld, as far as was in our power, the
assistance which tuig'at have enabled South America to realise
her independence. Nothing could more clearly demonstrate
t':e odiousness of such a Rill, than that no man has as yet
been base enough to enforce it; and in spite of the views of his
3 1 sty's lioseenment our soldiers and sailors have been foremost
in est:at:idling the independence of these States. Spain has now
ro voice in the subduing of those Unimak's ; she is herself in the
c.,otlaion of a conquered country ; ill her strong fortresses are gar.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MONDAY, MAacu 15.

SCOTCH SALMON FISHERIES.
Mr. W. DI'N DAS protented a petition from Fifeshire against
the Salmon Fishery on the tatde, and ordered to be
printed.
Sir R. FERtiUSON presented a petition from Dysart against
.....

.- •
tlir Scotch Salmon 1211411^ry Bill.
—.131111:v Tl'

NEGRO SLAVERY.

'N L.

The following petitions were presented, praying for a repeal of
the Combination Laws: by Lord STANLEY, from Illtckburn,
and another place in Lancashire; by Mr. Law LEY, from the Tan-
ners, 6,c. of Birmingham ; by Mr. P. Moon E, from 7,1100 of The
inhabitants of Holum ; by Mr. DAY i: N PORT, from the Tanners
and Shoemakers of Macclesfield ; by Mr. JAMES, from the Shoe-
makers of Carlisle; and by Alderman %l'oou, from the Shoe-
makers of Ashton.untler-Lytie.
The petitions were ordered to be laid on the table and printed.
Similar petitions were presented by Mr. Ilonitorse from the
Journeymen Printers of London ; and by Mr. Ilu ME, from the
Journeymen Shoemakers of Plymouth, which were referred to the
Artisans' Committee.
Mr. LAW LEY brought in a Bill to regulate the assay of me.
tals. and also stamped wrought plates in the town of Birmingham
and its neighbourh.xxl.—head a first tinic.
NEGRO SLAI'Eltr.
The following petitions were presented, praying for the abolition
of negro slavery:—by Sir W. Lemon, from the Mayor and Cnrpo.
ration of the borough of Truro, in Cornwall by Lord Lowther,
from the inhabitants of Appleby ; Isonl Dothan), from the in-
habitants of Beddestone ; by Sir C. Cole, from Neath: by Sir
W. Dundas, from Edinburgh; by Mr. Alumlay, from nine
parisfies in Derbyshire; by —, front Henley-on-Thames; by
Sir .1. Astley, front Wiltshire; by Sir J. Sebright, from Royston ;
by 3lr. Orenfell, from Plymouth ; by Mr. Sykes, from Kingston-
; by —, from Quechsferry ; by Mr. Irodehouse, front
►ppleboroneh, in the county of Norfolk; by —, from Barnard
Castle; by Mr. Gooch, iron. sundry persons in the county of Suf-
folk; by Alderman Wood, front Brentford and Roniford ; by Mr.
Pelham, from the county of Norfolk; by Lord W. Ilentinck,
front a parish in the county of Norfolk; by 3lr. Bennet, from
l'rowbrittge; by Mr. Ileatheote, from 114)6(011; by Mr. A. Ellis,
from the inhabitants of Northampton and other places; by Mr.
It. Colborne, front Thetford ; by Iklr. B. Cooper, from 51nreton-
on.the-Marsh ; by Sir W. Guise, from Stroud; and by Mr. Deni-
son. from Dorking.
The petitions were ordered to be laid on the table and printed.
IH."f lES ON SILK.
Mr. P. M(N)RE prtscnted a petition from the silk wearers of
Coventry, praying that the Acts relative to the non-importation of
silk might be repealed.— Laid on the table.
Mr. EGERTON presented a similar petition from a person of

Y

stances, by a pure and simple acknowiedgineat of the itidependt
ence of the Spanish Colonies, since, those countries being actual)
distracted by civil wars, dun rotated no government in them which
could otter any appearance of solidity ; and that the acknowledg-
ment of American independence, so long as such a state of things
continued, appeared to him to be nothing less than a real
sanction of anarchy." The second passage was obviously si-
milar in its tendency :—" That, in the interest of humanity,
I and especially in that of the Spanish Colonies, it would be
worthy of the European governments to concert together the
means of calming., in those distant and scarcely civilized re-
gions, peesions blinded by party spirit; and to endeavour to
bring back to a principle of union in government, whether 'WILDING OF CIIUR('IIES.
monarchical or aristocratical, people among whom absurd and Mr. A BERCRI )3IBY presented a petition from the Chamber
dangerous theories were now keeping up agitation and disunion." of Commerce of Edinburgh, complaining that his Majesty's Mi.
He certainly thought that the language held by his Majesty's Mit linters had not remitted any of the Assessed Taxes ; and entreating
Meters in these papers was, as he had before observed, worthy of that, if they did not mean to do so, they would not apply any por-
I the country. The appeal to France was strong and manly ; it was tion of the public money to the building of churches— on
on
respectful too, as it regarded Spain, foe it gave her an opportunity the table.
of gracefully recognizing the independence of a nation, whose in. BOUNTIES ON LINEN CLOT!!.
dependence was not any longer doubtful. lie could not help hoping Mr. N(NAY
presented petitions fmm the manufacturers,
that the language of the Secretary for Foreign A,. would at last mill-spinners, En. at St. Andrews, Perthshire, Donaghadee, and
Amu,.
convince the French Ministry that concerning the truth of which other places, praying that, for the present, the reduction of the
try bounties on linens might be only b per cent., and that they might before this time they cab old have been satisfied ; in this country
principles, founded not in commercial advantages, not in mere not be altogether taken off until the year Ina, in order to enable
national aggrandisement, but in sound and honourable feelings, the manufacturers to sell off their present stock : and that the
dictated or.fy by a regard for justice, were held sacred. With the same indulgence should be extended towards nil cloths.--Laid on
estimation that he had expressed, and that he most sincerely felt, the table.
of the integrity and honest purpose of his Majesty's Ministers, he Sir R. FERGUSON presented three petitions from Cupar and
should certainly vote for the Noble Earl's amendment. other places in lifeshire, praying that the withdrawing of the boun-
herd HOSEBERRY said he should detain the House for a few ties on linen might be gruhtl.
minutes, in stating the grounds of that decision which induced I Mr. HUSKInSON presented a similar petition from the ship.
him, after much consideration, to support the motion of his Noble ; builders of Liverpool.
Friend (the Marquis of banselown). Ile felt that the objects which I SPIRIT RECTIFIERS.
both the Noble Marquis and the Noble Earl had in view were pre- Mr. fIUME called the attention of the House to a petition he
cisely similar. The only question, as it seemed to him was, as to held in his hand, from live individuals who were rectifiers of spirit
in and near London. The petitioners stated, that although the law
the time when a formal recognition of the independence of South
declared that no distillers should be also rectiGen of spirit, several
America should take place ; and he admitted that, on this subject,
persona acted as both, and that as they had large stills for the pur.
the Ministers of the Crown were likely to have the advantage of
I his Noble Friend in point of information ; but he still thought that pose, they monopolieed the trade. The petitioners, therefore,
considerable utility to the cause of South American independence hoped the House would take into consideration the propriety of li-
: must arise from a deliberate and temperate, hut at the same time censing only small stills. They also prayed for leave to change
firm declaration of the sentiments, upon this momentous question, rum into gin, which process would be most useful to the West In-
dia Islands, and prevent the monopoly of three or four great distil-
of the House and of the country. The Noble Earl had called fur
confidence in the Government, and be had produced the papers as !erica. lie (Mr. Bums) stated, thighs understood these circum-
proofs that they were deserving of it. Now he hesitated not to say stances could be roved Wore the House, and that the present pe-
that he gave, willingly and conscientiously, all that confidence to ' tition would have been signed by more persona, but that they
his Majesty's Ministers, but he gave his vote for the motion of his were afraid to do so because tbeetwere so greatly dependent on the
Noble Friend, because he thought it would be productive of bone- distillers. That part of the quaition which related to the interests
tit to the Government ; it would show than the universal, and when of the %Vest Indies was of the utmost importance, because of the
universal he Okla feria it the irresistible feeling of the people of I present low price of rum, and the distress of the islands altogether.
England, was clearly opposed to the menaced interferertee—he hesi- He trusted that the Chancellor of the Exchequer would take the
fated not to call it so ; and uo Noble Lord who had read these c:. • subject into his consideration.
tracts, so judiciously cited by •he Noble Lord who spoke last, could Mr. E. ELLIt'E wished to draw the attention of the Right
doubt that the disposition of the French Government was keenlr lion. Member opposite, to the question proposed by his Hun.
bent on interference; therefore to suppress that rising spirit, and Friend (Mr. Hume); his 3lajesty's Ministers had stated, and those
to teach it a !neon of discreet submission, was the ditty of the connected with the Ai'en Indies anticipated, a reduction on rum of
House, and, in his opinion, that they would most effectually be : 13A. per gallon; but this was a very unimportant matter, unless
perforated by the course suggested in the motion of his Noble means were adopted to extend the use of rum ; nothing else would
Friend. For this reason simply he should give his Tote in support . effectually serve the interests of the West Indies. The rectifiers
of that motion. ' of spirits who presented the petition to the House had noticed the
The Marquis of LANSDOWN replied. Be said, that after very extensive manner in which the trade was monopolized by the
listening most anxiously and attentively to the speech of the Noble distillers. The duty on British spirits was Is. 83. per gallon, whilst
Earl, ingenious and astute as it was in its distinctions, he could I that on runt did nut exceed Is. lid. • and he (Mr. Ellice) could not
discover not one single occurrence that he had stated, even hypo- I conceive on what principle of free irade the West Indies were pre-
thetically, in which the recognition of South American indepent vented from entering on fair terms into the market. He saw no
donce would produce the slightest injury or even inconvenience to reason why the consumer should not he allowed to purchase at a
this country ; nor bad the Noble Earl stated a single reason for cheaper rate, nor why the West India Merchants should not have
delay, fur that delay which he (the Martinis of Lansdown) had the same advantage as the British. Another serious consideration
shown to have taken place on the subject of that recognition. Non should be the result to the revenue, from an increase in the impor-
more ; if the Noble Earl opposite, or any one of his Majesty s tation of rum. lie hoped the Gentlemen cennected with the West I
Minister*, would then rise in his place, anti say that he thought, Indies, would look seriously into this subject; without some such
measure, he (Mr. Ellice) thought the plan contemplated by his
sincerely thought, that Spain would ever recognise willingly, that
at all events she would recognise, in this otr generation, the in- Majesty's Ministers would produce little good.
dependence of south America, he would withdraw his motion. Mr. J. BEN LTT cohceired that such a proceeding would be
Such a tardy acknowledgment, when it did come, ter come it extremely dangerous to the interests of this country ; he would be
must, when some eloquent young gentleman yet unborn was our anxious to promote in any way the welfare of the West Indies,
Secretary of State for Foreign Attain. would be of little value for but ton at the expense of England.
the South American Colonies to obtain, or ter this country to soli- 31r. W. S 3/ I ell complimented Mr. Hume on the utility of his
cit. Having deeply.considered this question—havii.g had an op- exertions, but assured him that, in the present instance, he had
portunity of inspecting, as all have had, the papers then by his been led astray. Ile (Mr. Smith) last Thursday conversed with a
Majesty s order on the table of their House, lie was most per. person on the subject of the present petition, and had understood
fectly convinced that the prosperity of these Colonies depended that the individual, whose name was the first on the list of those
upon their immediate recognition ; that r.ot merely their in- who signed it, had not found any difficulty in procuring spirits
feint,' but the interest of the whole community, was con- from the distillers in consemience of their monopoly, but because
corned in that speedy recognition. He felt it as the incumbent he had not sufficient credit to procure any.
duty of this country to lose not even a month or a week, aye, or a 31r. II U3IE otneaved, that the person alluded to was not the
single day, in withholding tom South America that which he only one who signed the petition. But it mattered not who signed
' had clearly sliewn it was the obvious interest, as Well as the duty, it, provided the facts were true; and he had been informed that all
of this country to grant. The Noble Earl had said that forms the assertions could be substantiated at the bar of the House. If
alone were wanting—that tl:e substretinl recognition of her inde- they were true, the attention of the Chancellor of the Exchequer
pendence had already taken place. But no one better knew than ought to be paid to the subject.
the Noble Earl that these very forms were necessary for the effect air. W. SMITH was of opinion that the distillers were a most
which they produced upon the wolf& What was intended by the useful class of the community, who contributed greatly towards the
formal and solemn recognition of the United Stares? The acknow- increase of the revenue; and were more to be trusted than any
ledgment of their independence was adopted with a solemnity be. personsconnected with other branches of the sante manufacture.
fitting the occasion, and it was adopted to give her a proper station Mr. ELLIS, in reply to an observation from Mr. Benett„ said
in the eyes of Europe and the world ; aye, and to give her a that he did cot want the landed interests of Great Britain tube in.
confidence in her own importance. Upon these grounds he saw jured in order to serve the West Indies ; but he thought it fair to
nothing to render the proposed proceeding unadvised, and he should attend to the objects of each.
dieretne press the original motion to a division, not as a question Sir R. FERGUSON trusted that the Chancellor of the Excite-
upon which there was any division of sentiment, but to express, as quer would take the subject into his consideration.
had been well stated by the Noble Lord who had preceded him, the The petitien was ordered to be laid on the table and printed.
feelings of the House anal thne of thecouniry on that very import. 1111 W AND SKIN BILL.
ant subject. Mr. LA WLEY rose to ask the !'resident of the Board of Trade
The (louse then divided, when the numbers were— whether his attention pad been draws to a Bill, panne. througl;
For the Motion .34 I Against it - I Majority -81 the House as a erivate Bill, under the title of the Ilideand Skin
The House adjourned at Half-past Nine o'clock. Bill ?
Ile lIUSKISSON said, he mu aware that the Bill alluded to
by the Honourable Member had been brought in most improperly
as a private Bill. Ile confessed that he was not so conversant
with its provisions as he perhaps ought to he; but from the perusal
he had given it, it seemed to Min that its framers had begun at the
wrong end. (hear, hear.) Instead of adding fresh restrictions to
she trade, in his opinion, those already imposed ought to be re-
moved. (Hear, bear.)

CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.
Mr. ROBROUSE presented a petition from the inhabitants of
Bromley and How, in support of the Cruelty to Animals Bill.
Laid on the. table.
DUTIES ON TOBACCO.
Mr. 'IR 111 II T presented a petition from the importers of tobacco
and snuff of the city of Bristol, praying for a reducuon of the du-
ties on these articles—Laid on the table.

IN:5( /LYE:NT DEBTORS' ACT.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition front the inhabitants of !Iris-
tol, in favour of the new Act relative to Insolvent Debtors.—Laid
on the table.

Mr. W. SMITH said, he held in his hand a petition numerous-
ly signed, from the city of Norwich, praying for the gradual abo-
lition of slavery. It had been assumed that these petitions were
the work of a few wild, visionary, mad-headed fanatics. I f the sub-
scribers to that petition deserved that appellation, he was proud to
rank himself in their number. Ile was desirous that his Majesty's
Ministers should clearly indicate, that if they forbore from noticing
what had lately proceeded from a few parishes of Jamaica, it was
from pity and not from fear. (Hear, hear, hear.)
31r. W. T.tYLOR contended, that to his knowledge the peti-
tions against negro slavery were circulated through the country in a
prepared state, by itinerant missiunarieri. The honest unsuspect-
ing people were asked whether they liked slavery ? Their answer
was immediately--No. (Hear, hear.) They were then asked
whether they were friendly to cruelty, injustice, and oppression ?
They answered naturally—No. (Hear, hear.) They were then
wkeil whether they would sign a paper to redeem thousands of their
tellow-creatures hem that miserable condition, and they replied—
Yes. (Hear, hear, hear.) In this manner signatures were cer-
tainly, tolhis knowledge, he repeated, obtained to the petitions.
As the whole question would come on to-morrow for discussion, he
would not go further into the subject at that moment.
Mr. O. lIENNE'f said, that none but those who had abuses to
conceal need feel apprehension at investigation. lie knew the
worthy individual to whom the lion. Siemher alluded as an
itinerant missionary, and he knew a more honourable man did
not exist in the world. It was too much for any Hon. Gentle-
man, whether belonging to the East or West India interest, to
denounce worthy men for their efforts in the cause of humanity.
Mr. W. TAYLOR denied that the ilon. Gentleman opposite
was entitled to claim exclusively all the liberality and humanity.
When he addressed the House before, his object was to promo
against the attempt that was making to overawe the House by
petitions, which, he repeated, to his knowledge, were most in—
properly got up, in order that his Majesty's 31inistere might after-
wards be told—" You must grant this question, because the people
of England require it."
Mr. Secretary PEEL earnestly implored the House to suspend
the discussion of this great question until to-morrow. It was ex-
ceedingly desirable that they should then enter upon it in the most
dispassionate temper. He hoped, therefore, they would stitily the
debate to terminate at present, and await the propositions which
his Right Hoes. Friend (Mr. Canning) intended to submit to-
, morrow. •

teemed by Frew,' .trotipe, and es present aspect was mesa terrific the mane of 'Thomas Steele, of Stockburrn„—letid on the table ' - •
The petite* was ordered to be printed.
i,ieeil ; Indeed the moderation evincell by the illustrious leader of Other petitions were presented, by Mr. Littleton, front the
the French erne, % made the conquest the more dangerous, as it had county of Staffed ; and by e aptain Percy, front the town of Stant. .BEER AND MALT DUTV.
cempletely struck at the Wilt or its independence ; there was no- I fond ; against the repeal of the duties on silk. Mr. MA BERIX then mseepereuant to notice, to bring forward
them to cheek this but the speeches in Parliametit, and the beer.' Laid on the table and ordered to be printed. his motion respecting the beer and:malt ditty. When the subject
t'VeS 01. the press. Tee Noble Lord concluded with a moat eh,- LICENCE DI" I'l ES. had come iteder discussion before, little argument had been offered
que it and poetical iLseription of the country and its inhabitants, A petition was presented by Mr. Davenport, from the innkeepers against hint? lie rested his motion entirely on the principle, that
anti e!triteirltt I`ll this country the policy that dictated its cementing and licensed victuallers of the town of Nantwieh, praying for a I one class ought not to be weed at a higher nee than another, and
a shove alitenee with it, I,lllel/fl)(hnt of any consideration of the repeal of the licence duties. Shutter petitions were presented by , that the partite, taxed ought not to be those who could leant afierd
Emopean rowers. Ile ennlielly gave his vote in support of the 31r. ‘Vhitbread, from several innkeepers and licensed victuallers ' it. (Heer, hear.) As it might be expected that the subject would
reef „'t of the .I.ot-Ie etereee. of the county of Middlesex ; by Captain Bastard, from the inn- ! embrace a variety of Acts of Parliament branching front the main
Lord ('.t LTI: l 111 PE thought that the papers laid on the table keepers cf Davenport ; by Sir W. Ingleby, from the licensed vie. • question, he would state et once what was the motion he intended
did neve+ termite! or the Foreign Secretary, atel reflected on the mallet's of Lincoln; and by Me I Seeieon, front the innkeepers and to Submit. lle was aware that it would be seppoecel he It as about
cm eery a: erre, Ile ;eel note confident e in the part that that licensed victuseltirit of St. elary's, Ie +Minh. to go into a complicatiel detail of considerations but he would con-
I I oune ',need rate, and :deo in theme:mune that wood lie !tureen!! The petitions were ordered to be laid on the table and printed. fine himself to One branch only, namely—the duty of the Douse to
by hie el tie-et y'e I i.ovenulicnt ; lie placid: reit:mac on the language I COAL III: TIES. do justice to the panne taxed. Ili% motion would be fir ••:. tenni-
that they held. but net in the language hell by the M iniseirs of I Sir J. SEM:Mill' preoeited a petion from the inhabitants of mittee to inquire into the present mode of raising the tli.tet4 011 mad;
France, and it was nietesite that Government should use much Royston, playlet; for a reduction of the duties on coal carried neat- and beer separately ; tied whether it would not be expedient to eel.
emit ion in coeiperating with any European Gen mincer in wise. Laid on the table. leet the same amount on malt alone, by an equal duty on all panics
the steps that were taken welt regard to these Ctilonies.l UNINHABITED HOUSES. alike, instead of a duty of eierkl. per bushel on reme malt con-
Althotteh much bad been said of the forbearance of France. Lord STANLEY presented a petition Irons the inhabitants of eumerseattil lee Hied. per bushel on others; an!l instead of a duty of
lie could not ides clinking that that mederetion arose from a the town tit:Rochdale, praying for a repeal of the tax on uainhabited ett.Beil. per barrel on some beer consumers and Iss. lied. per barrel
knowledge in France diet the people of Spain of the King's party • houses.—Laid un the table, and onlered to be printed. on offsets, for the sante quantity of melt and bear?" It would be'
were acted upon by a spirit of higo'ry and fanaticism. The. view ASSESSED TAXES. naturelly expected that he should prove that this great inequality
they ought to take of the issue of that contest, wits not whether this I Me LEG It K ECK presented a petition from an individual named existed, and when he had proved that tact he calculated that he
tetuntri heed acted rightly et rot in the part she maintained in the Thomas Thompson, of the town of Ashby de la Zouch, against could not tail of mimeos with his motion, as he was sure it must be
ceetroverey. Teat was lint the question, lie coll.' not help think- the window tax. the lint wish of the House that the duty should operate honestly
Mg that the meleretioe of Hence had arisen from eircion- I Sir G. CLERK presented a petition from the inhabitants of the ,and fairly on all cheeses alike. The present duty on malt was
stence: this country no: haw g held the newel itdlttence at Verona southern district of Edinburgh, praying for a repeal of the 24. eel. per bushel, or IL per queerer of eight bushels. This was
which she was so W 1.9 l'lltiti'd to maintain. Ile was finely per. - window tax. the only duty paid by private brewer., who paid no duty whatever
seeded that the niccleration of France originated ruttier in her un- I Mr. lit ME hoped that, when the question came before the on their beer after it was brewed. There was another class of con-
decisive and ti teteaerig seine. She knew not whether thespirit of Ilouse, the lion. Ituronet would Le retold in his place, to support Fitment who, through the public brewer, paid a very different duty.
-• at last eehibit itself. lied the issue of that the prayer of his constituents. The public brewer ,aid an addition duty of les. per barrel, which,
ieptince, to interfere with the policy of fortiien I Ordered to lie on the table. and be printed, estimating .1.1 barrels of strong beer to be the produce of every
it that the papers on their Lordships' tablet DUTI Lis (IN HUM. quarter of malt, amounted to 11. les. per quarter, which, added to
had miler been excited arid encouraecil by : Mr. A. CAMPBELL presented a petition from several planters the fanner ditty, made the public brewer liable altogether to • duty
for if the object of Frenee was to tranquil- and merchants connected with the West belies, praying for a re- of 21. les. per quarter, or, as he had already stated, 6s. IO)d. per
tad invaded, never hie there been a more thicion Melte duties on rune—Laid on the table, bushel. This, he contended, was an act of die greatest injustice.
tree were two paragraphs in the papers, clearly ; DUTIES (IN IVOOL. On one class of comment the duty was 2s.e& per bushel, on the
ire of interfereece hail not died away. lie Sir HAM LIDI NfiE presented a petition from the worsted spin- other his. Bled. 'l'he duty on beer brewed by private brewers he
ignite declaring in these terms, which were not ners and others of the county of I /minim, praying for a repeal of calculated not stand thus :—He estimated each quarter, or 8 bushels,
octet than as a vindication of the right of one the duties on wool.—Laid on the table. of malt to be capable of brewing el barrels of strong beer. The
th the interval regulations of another. The Mr. LA 3111 TON presented a petition from the worsted spinners duty on a quarter of malt was 11., which, divided by 3e, the num-
h he referred was the following:—•• That he and others of the mien of Darlington, against the exports/eon of bee of barrels capable of being brewed from it, left se. lid. as the
bat could lie meant, under the preeeet cireeme Brinell Zeng wool.—laid on the table. amount of duty per barrel on strong beer brewed by private brewers.

...: it .. "..,Clll PIK' wow My In a.l
Pliatieti tilnl the itiedera
decisive and tilettiazir;
k i England would tint a
war iert France less dis
nations? lie thought
‘..
, y ' is, r.or vel that
,:c,.t...,
,i. i that. 4 .pint
pai.i . I
e , li-s. the country bil" lii
etf,•:tual Giber!. Tl,c,
prtiving that that de%ii
foil td the Count l' fo,, iii;i:
I. .„.Tivise to be interpn
nation to interfere with
tiro pnaaarte to which
mould Dot ct•neeive who
....•
