THE

LI!(;:101IN. APRIL 1.
ire have lately received Fort: rrcent news from the levant.
'f he news troin Alexandria are to the :di of March. and those from
Smyrna to the 9th. The well.krown lionael Gibraltar Admiral
of the Egyptian fleet, bail din' on the passage from Rhoden to
Alesnattria, and the body was thrown into the sea. !leis much re-
gretted by his friend., who esteemed him as an enlightened and
disinterested man. The preparations at Alexandria for a new east-
paign seem to be very banawaril. but the l'irrroy had hired some
transports which were ready for his service. Letters from Smyrna
say that Ibrahim I'acha had landed two thousand men at Motion.
and then sailed to Paints. This is in part confirmed by Captains
of ships. who say they met a Turkish squ Aron of twelve sail 4'
Navarino, steering North. An army of melte .housand men is
said to be ready at Candid, to be embarked fir the Mores, so tbet
it seems the Peninula is likely to be the theatre of great events.
At Stnyrita they hope that the Turks will find many partisans
there ulicii they appear with a considerable force.
Court', MARCH 13.
. . _

The following Note (though ',fan 011 datel;ft;i;;;;iielec;r.
tin•. flo.lia3„ to AIL Canning, the British 3linister for Foreign
All'Airs, and the answer to the latter, are highly interesting at the
tvament

" I. Li-Trra OF N. BOOMS. IN THE NAME OF THE

SIONAL OILEEK cot' I:HVMENT, TO MR. CANNING.

". Napoli di Romania, Atiguat 12 (21, 110.1.
' " Your Excellency !—Cur these four years pest the Greeks, in
firm reliance on Divine Providence, have defended, not without
success, the land of their fathers. I any tiny defend the land, for
they care little about the villages, houses, and private possessions.
This has Leen sufficiently proved in the various incursions of the
enemy, a hen the Greeks, with equal courage and ntagnanitnity,
have sacrificed their most valuable and dearest property. They
preferred freedom under their tents, 'in their valleys, on the tops of
their mountains, to the most splendid dwellings in slavery. Must
not this remarkable circumstance in the history of the defensive
war of the Greeks, convince all Christian minds that when
they began the contest for the recovery of their rights, with
shaking off' an intolerable yoke, their sacred object was to
deliver their faith, their country, their holy temples, the
graves of their fathers, their wives, and their children, and that
they mere stranger to the political views which agitated Europe.
Guided by these principles in the struggle they maintained, they
have not failed to implore the compassion of their brethren in
Christendom, and officially to solicit die Monarchs of the Vienna
Congress, to take insulted humanity under their protection. Rut
European policy entertaining other ideas on the prowip'es of our
cans- and far tram possessing a true knowbele,e of the Ottoman
dynasty, would neither give credit to the writings of the Greeks,
nor hear their groans and complaints, but resolved to abide by a
mere nein:talky, which ha. been in some instances fatal to the
Greeks. As the Greeks did not attain the object of their public
m•plimions, they were obliged to exert themselves with confidence
in defending their secred cause alone, and leave it to time to set
their ntotives and principles in a clear light. The Govenimant, in
thee continued in its system of !thence, and would have persevered
in it had not a Note proceeding from the North of Europe obliged
it to break that silence.

" This Note has Greece for its object, and decides on its faits,
according to a will which is foreign to it. It is difficult to imagine
that such a Note can have come from a Court like that of Ittissis.
The Greeks, however. must be deceived respecting the existence of
this Note, and the Greek nation, as well as its Government, whose
organ I have the honour to be, in offering their homage to his
Britannic Majesty, through your Excellency solemnly declare,
that they prefer a glorious death to the disgraceful lot intended to
be imposed on them. It is not credible that his Britannic Majesty,
who has shown such philanthropical sentiments towards the people
of South America. will consent that the Greeks shall be so un-
werddly excluded from the list of civilised nations, and delivered
up to the caprice of the one or the
,other without having to
constitute themselves as a nation. Vet the Greeks are
surely. with respect to their claims, in a more adeantageous
situation than the South Americans. They have impressed
the stamp of disgface on the Turkish weakness; they
have prated that they are worthy to be free. They do tot contend
against their mother country, but against a foreign nation that oc •
cupied their country, and treated their children as slaves. Tho
Greeks. to the astonishment of all nations, suddenly shook firths
yoke of the barbarians : they commenced the war without means to
carry it on, knowing that they could not assert their independence
without innumerable sacrifices : they conquered fortresses, towns,
and a number of posts which were in the hands of their ferocious
despots. In several actions they have defeated the numerous and
formidable Turkish fleet with small merchantmen • they have
established laws like those of civilised nations ; they have' formed a
Government, and submitted to its commands. Can it now be
doubted that the Greeks are worthy of independence ? It will
doubtless not escape his Britannic Majesty, that Greece, when
free, both by the spirit of its people and its geographical position,
may promote the interests of Great Britain. Trade is the vital
principle of civilised nations, anti where can trade be more advan-
tageously carried on than in Greece?
What stronger barrier against the increase of a vast European
power. what more favourable point for the maintenance of the
balance of power can England find than those natural compacts in
the midst of which Greece is situated ? These are indisputable
truths, which they will confirm. On these grnuuds, Greece, as
I believe. has morally and politically the right to expect every
kind of aid and protection front the humane English, and especially
from his Britannic Maji .•y, whose honourable sentiments are um-
, versally known. It can no longer be doubted whether the rode.
pendence of Greece coincides with the interests of the European
nations, and this circumst mete is a powerful reason that the Greek
nation should not he strippecl of its sacred rights, and that the
English nation, whose weight in the political balance is so gene-
rally recognised, should be indifferent to the affecting sight of
humanity, or unjustly and so unworthily trampled under foot.
" I have the honour, &c.
(signed) "P. J. RODIOS, Secretary General."
2. MR. CANNING'S ANSWER TO THE SECRETART-OENM‘AL
OF SHE ruoviliox•L GOVERNMENT OF GREECE.

„London, Dec., 1024.
” The letter which you did me the honour to write to me on the
24th August, did not reach me till the November 4. It contains Se.
marks of the Provisional government of Greece on a document
which has been inserted in the European journals, as a plan for the
establishment of peace in Greece, proceeding from the Cabinet of
St. Petersburgh. It is beyond &doubt that the publication of this
document was made without any authority. I ant unable either to
affirm or to deny that it was derived from an authentic source. The
opinion of the British government, however, that any plan for the
restoration of peace in the East, proceeding from the Cabinet of
St. Petersburgh, can be drawn up tonly with friendly intentions to.
wards the Greeks, consequently that such a plan cannot have
for its object tither to prescribe laws to the Greeks, or to awe
the Ottoman Government, and that his Imperial Majesty of lillll.
sis, whatever might be his intention, would think it tit to cominu-
nitateany plan of ells kind to the other Powers his allies, before he
Proposed it to the contending parties. The Emperor has, in fact,
..id before the Allied Courts the plan, to propose at the same tiOl4l
to the Porte and to the Provisional Government of Greece, to sus-
pend hostilities in order to gain time for amicable mediation ; and
the British Government would not have hesitated to accede to di,'
proposal, had it been made at a proper moment. It must not be
overlooked, that the very document which so greatly excited the
displeasure of the Greek Government, awakened similar feelings in
the Diva',. While the Greeks express an invinciple aborrence
very agreement which should not pronounce their national inde-
peuience, the Divan repulses every kind of reconciliation which
se mid not restore its sovereignty over Greece. In these dispositions
tet the parties, there is certainly but small hcpe of are acceptable enl
flee ual mediation. Jr. before the extreme to which these opposite
optaiens carte carried—if, at the time when the varying chances of
war seemed to give to both parties more than one rational moire for
an amicable arrangement—Russia had proposed such an arrange.
ment, no blame could have attached to it. or to those who might have
been inclined in consider ofsuch a plan. Thedocurnent considered as a
Reptilian memorial, contains tee elernee te of e treaty of peace, though
taese elements were prebably not reduced into a form proper to
commueicete to the belligerent parties. If the sovereignty of the
Turks should not be absolutely restored, if the iedepeedence of the
Greeks should not be absolutely reeognised—two extremes incom.
testi hie with a mediation—if the mediators could not express them.
selves without constituting thenis.tives parties in the canoe, no
chance remained, but in a manner, and to a certain point,to modify
both the sovereignty of the Porte and the independence of the
Greeks; and the form and the degree of these modifieseinos seemed
to form the question which was to be examined and solved. Each
if the two parties 'night certainly defeat, by its protest, any plats
for an arrangemeht, however reasonable in its principles, or its.
partial in its terms; but we know that both penman equally
resolved to reject any conceivable arrangement, and that the hope
of a successftl mediation is, at the present moment, absolutely
reared to that part of your letter in
which you call on the British Government to assist the Greeks
in their stra,rgle for independence, and compare their merits and
their claims to such aid wire those of the provinces of bpanish
America which have separated from the 3lother Country, I mast
observe, that Great Britain !Us declared and observed the strictest
neutrality in the contest beteoen et:nein and those provinces, and
that the same neutrality has beco o'Jserved in the war which Dow
desolates Greece. The rights art Greece, as a belligerent Power,
have been invariably re,peetel ; if the British Goverument
was obliged, on a late occasion, to check the excesses that took
place in the exercise of its right, we hope that such s neces-
sity will not again occur. The Provisional Government of
Greece may depend on the continuation of this neutrality:
it may be assure,' that Great Britain will take no part in any
attempt to impose upon it by force a plan for the re-establishment
of peace contrary to its wishes, if such a peace should ever be pro-
posed ; but should the tireeks ever think it advisable to ask our
mediation, we will offer it to the Pone, and if it is accepted. we will
neglect nothing to make it effectual, hi concert with the other
Powers, whose intervention would facilitste the arrangement. This
is to our opinion, all that can be reasonably required of the British
Ministers. They have not to reproach with having directly, or
indirectly, excited the Greeks at the begianing of their enterprise, or
with having in any manner impeded its roseress. Connected as
we are with the Porte by the existing friendly relation,. and by
ancient tread et, which the Porte has not violstel, it can certainly
cot be expected that England should commence hostilities which
that power has nut provoked, and take part in a contest which is
not ones. I ltoee that what I have hail the honour to represent to
you will remove every kind of suspicion or reproach whirl, error or
intrigue may have caused reeneci the .entimente of :he British
Government towards the Grerki, and be received se • proof of the
purity of our intentions, and of the frankness with width we are
ready to avow these. I have the honour to be, he.

tSigited) " Of.U. CANNIN43 "
