~~~~

t

lives of fiee States, and teach then) not to liaisrit
their anthority, their oin liberty, end thin of the
nation, by ezaspersung the grei;t body of the ireo•
pie. Their danger is obvious should the Clown and.
its Ministers oust the national Representatives of
the people'scoutidence, and acquire it in tit, it stuait.
Them latter observations, we hope, sill tof he
considered as applied to the present eireoin,tonces
of this country, for it is ntarikst that co thingi.r
twirl be tltendett of tl:e tintute we have mititi:msll,
il°4 there perhaps curer n»a in Elighiliti n
iii+opular Adn►jujstratj.►u liW4ll the present.

We have received New Yurk Papers to the llih,
Philadelphia to the 10th, rind Bowen' to the 9th
last. They ure mostly filled with ft X t•iliklAS iro4ll
the English Papers. Some of the Papers star.
Out u 'Treaty Iris been concluded, whereby the
Fluridas have been ceded to the United Sta:ca,
without purchase ; but others seem to doubt it.

Our letter from Dover, dited Oct. 7, (Weduee.
cli4y), so) s—.‘ The Rumnan Grand Duke NI be E
wit', a numerous retinue, arrived here nt nou
day, and after walk over the beight+ and
iti•viewing the fortifications, embarked in the Ad.
sninslty yacht, at. Owe o'clock, for Calais."

IRISH MILITIA.—The following he been a 1..,
dreserd to Colonels of Irish Militia Regiment",:—
" Duhliu Castle, Sel.t.lo,
"Silt—Referring to the 30th Section of the Act of the
49th Ge 0.111., chap. 120, I have it in commaiiil fruns the
Lord Lieutenant, to acquaint you, that his Excellency deux
not,cousieler it expedient that the Militia of Ireland should
lie called out, trained and exercised fur the period thirchy
urevetihed, in the course of the current year.
" It will consequently be unnecessary that the Gcncral
Meeting and other proceedings, directed by the sante elailie
athowld be btuagto ii4n operation within the cosiiiiic
"I have, &c. CHARLES GRANT."

Extract of a letter kom, Columbo, dated 44h
MHO The . disturbances in the interior are 4s
yrt unquelled ; the Governor rentai;ts in Cattriv,
laid up with the gout : however, if it does cot at-
tack his right hand,, he will still continue as useful
as ever. We are getting three native regitis,eit4
from the coat; two have already arrived, the 7d,
and 15th ; the 18th is daily expected at Grile. lli
we ore.w,orsted, it will not be for want of troopt.
The rains are just commencing ; this is the only
thing to be feared by the Europeans. If they nuis
16ser their health, next season ail!, I hope, ,etita
Jim business in our favour. Bills on England last
yoke sold as. 14 rix. dui. 8 f., 11. sterlieg, and will
*slower yet."

"The following letter (copied from a New York
`NO.) hat bran sent by BAYER to n Gentleman
at Houton, who bud trunanitted to the President of
the Huytian Republic :I work on n01..,rr0 >.laver%
" Port.na-Priuer Autte 0, IEIB.

Ste-1 have received the pamphlet you %V. VM 90 2 tia. I
as to send me, ^WI am sensible of your obliging result
1 have perused the work with the must lively interest, alit
cant* but applautl the sootier. which induced you to
it. I faulty cherish the idea that the exertions of the
philauthropistscansoagst whom you are so honourably tilt:-
tinguiek,4l, ere lougr be crowned with the most Wit-
ham% success, and that huntaaity wiU no longer glom WAG,
the lotibsrous laws which will sopprirt, iu some count& ie
the atrocious system of slavery. It will b your clot), awl
consolation, Sir, sad that of those who, like you, tomer-x.l.
their talents suit leisure. in pleading at the tribunal of Fees..
the sacred cause of the oppressed, to see those victims of 'I:.
odious cupidity one Jay restored lo the diguity of tnr it, 3111
oasjoy4itoksir right of raturoing uuceasing thanks to Haase..

gratitude for what they owe to you.
". Coutinue,,Sir, to fulfil the hotioutshle design you hat t.
engaged in. Your philanthropic devotedness, your sale n!
seal to promote the cape of justice and public morals, will
make you deserving of the esteem, and veneration of year
contemporaries mid postesity. t!ur myself, I feel a teal sa-
tisfactien in offering you the expression of these seittimeny,
anti in assuriug you that I will, tin every thing in my poker
to co-operate with you in the work of regenerating thucs ui
our brethren who have been ravialied of their liberty.
" I have the tumour to salute you, eke.
" J. P. BUYER:'
The following curious story is told in the liluntkl.
Magazine for October :
A very extraordinary discovery of curiosities, litcrnre.
politieal.and historical, was lately made at Rume, by Dr. It
Watson, Author of the Lives of Fletcher and Gordon,
This Gentleman went to Italy to search fur any manioc, ipts
or Indigoes of the Horse of Stuart, which might have tee.(
left in the hands of strangers by the test survivors of that
illustrious family. After mode trouble, he discovered tfint
the executor, of llte.esecutor of the Cardival Yolk, or
Henry IX. as he is often called, was in possession of a vast
collectims of ,paperson which he placed so little vale& tint
he suffered them to remain in • garret withont windows.
exposed le every *bower of rain. He therefore readjl4 roll
the whole to Dr. W. yho took possession of them, sod re.
moved them in carts to his own apartments, tslirre
!ere seen by nutty distinguished English visitors in Rome.
Dr. W. employed some time iu assorting and arranci.
them, and he found that they consisted of nearly 400,1109.
separate articles, of which about 230,11011 Isere pmsessed
various degrees of Interest. Among these were many origt
net letters of Fenrien, many letters of Boliegbroke, Per.
Swift, Allerhury, and other English writers; and a serifs of
letters, continued through a iterioti of nearly one kandred
years, of every potentate end statesmen in Europe, and of
most of the English nobility. The (entente of many of
these documents were of the most exteiratlinary elormelefr
developing the plans which were adopted at different units
for the restorptinu of the Stumm, and the menus of the pm-
moires mid partitions ie Britain and abroad. Of course the
contents excited much interest at Rome, and the Papal Gm
verorneut took alarm in regard to the evpmure of a* mew
projects mud policy. Dr. W. use in consequence seat for Le!
she Papal Secrets.), of Star, who, from overtures to ie-
purchase, adobti d threats; and finally took fumble pusrc
stun of the whole, and put the worthy runner isso!..e
ire appealed in vain In the British Resistrot oust Moisten.
who appellee(' cove ri l) part with the Para GIA I -
pent ; end it appear::, that after the Pope's Miiiiste.s
duly examined the whale, they caused a tender to hr ni.O.
of thew to the Regeut of Etteland ; end n. 41i-le AKA.,
was actually pent to mines., them too Fut.:lox; ! seer's l defy
they are now in Ctitilon Mose, and 1).. W. a leo, op hetet
enlarge d at Rome, .et cafes, Etmland 0.1.,n, h.v
obtained some temporary recuomettee. A e0n,,,,, siau has
been appointed to towesttzwle hut Cot thrr chrism. led it to 0.2
be all ppokela that, Mover,. the) w. re oyes .1111, el by arhstrolt
'bower It, Rome', tiny will be doily erspeetest to Eseglmel.
It
would inched be a new era if asy pow. r in Etsgtatut own,
impel len to Dr. 11',.'s plain m.lit to the papers, 1111' 611 HMO
equivaltitt, with white he may at.puit he is fatty satolliol•
it appetite, from reports In:0e to the Ftetie% 31•"
flirter of tite Monne Deportmetit, tint, ml 31ao-
nique, the smolt-itox has hero Issit
years, and that the li tllllll,l' V.Alltlll-I.tr
oleo
of
as to
that hate amounts to 511.0110 ii . 7tlvibiutra
eirtally free INT the c:sorler.

Ir-

&
e-gor
ctlffo.•. •
• 11-.
t,e).. :16

~

PASHIONABLIC MOILUIENIIIII

Tht Earl and Countess of Darlington and family are ex.
preiril is town to a few days, from their seat, Raby Castle,
purloins. . .
five F.arl and Couotess of Hunanbiased. featly arrived
us Monday ursine at Lord Gnats belipe is gliankupe.
street, May-fair (their owls, is Grusveour.niistere, heist coder
repair), fruit the Continent. This day lux Lordship leave*
town for his seat, Rendus Hall, Staffordehige; ma Uncial
mild her Ladyship sod family will follow.
Earl Temple arrived I. town on Tutuilay from the Can.
Testerday his Lordship left town ;ur his father's
(the Alarquis of Boekinehaus) mot. Airington,. Kean.
Sir George Nugent, Bort. has left logo for Mascot, Rinks.
The Earl of Pasoluirka has loft tows for kis iv Hakim
Hone, Willa.
The Earl of Geeslin, Us WI burn so a tour.
George Ilyog, Esq. U.P. left tows yesterday, fur his seat,
Hell&
LpeciSydoey is Monied to his seat, Frontal;, from a tour.
Departures from Feoloo's Hotel, tia. Jaines's.stiert
Colinas Mitehell,for Paris; Mr. mid Mrs. Oswald sisal fausilx
for ditto.
James Nape, Esq. arrived yesterday at Ike Cie/endue
Hotel, Band-street, from Nebo. Moubray, Lewesiershire.
Arrivals at the Prior* Cobnre Hotel, Cliarliw.street,
Grosvenor-square :—Colouel and Mts. Robes is, Crum a tuor ;
Hon. RfV. John Neville, from Bath.
The Marquis of Bockitigham is vaunted to.morrow at his.
oral, Av;ugtoa, Hauls, from T. Cisolmuipleley's seat, in.
Cheshire.
The Dint ss of Succinct is expected to ken her net a;
Lammed shortly, for deollaud.
• •
Lard Crawley has lefil h! seat, Hannah, near G.lau
Ser Grindley Halt, Tortddro:
The Marquis sad Martinsiess of Hertford have left town
fur their seat, Whore Oak, Sciahlk.
Sir Hear, Dasiewori, ease* left lowa for his mt. Het.
liVou Pork, Oxfordshire.
The Sail and Cusatios of Wntmeeth have arrived at their
Imam b Stratforikplan,frose
lir Henry Boalvary left erne yesterday, fur les scat,
Hilda Hall,lloffolk.

4?4,410 GA'I'L. OcTuj 7.

The Muster of the Cereuseaues7l:l7l. took place
last evening at the iitsesubly ltonur.,Albion fluid,
m 41,1111 much more esiatuerouNly astendeil than ou
any pteeeding year, all parties being desiroini of
paying the annual tribute of respect to ' Mr.
Clough, fur his very active exertion', um fnrwartliog
their amusements, duriug the reason. The Rooms
were clouded with a most brilliant disillisy of (auk.
beauty, and fashion. Quadrilles were t eed
about eleven o'clock, and the sprightly dance isa
until a late hear in the ' g, adieu
the company departed, highly gratified with ll,e
Isnwraried attention *hewn then. by the polite pro-
moter of their antussments. Upsanlr of lOU were
present, among whom were the followitiv—
fihrJanies sad Lady Lake Lady Curtis and Hon.
Cart. sad Mn. Cliwilaer, dos. ibis. Curnwalt and family,
Sir Vessels arid Lady. Ford, Sir Gebel', mat lady l'erecdtu,
Sir John sad Hun Lady Shaw and family,' Mrs.'t;ustiag,
Mr.amt Mrs. Dealtry and family, Mi. Towntitiisd. Mrs. NO
Miss Banoird, Miss Wyket)aar, Mr. and Mrs. Trelawin y
Ertrelou awl family, Mrs. Lettssw, Mr.. Gregg and ly,
Mrs. and Slimes Carleton, Mr. W. Carleton, Mrs. Wing.
Grid, Toss, Rev. J. Welby; Mr. and Mrs Mims.
Capt. sad Mrs. Morelos, Ur. sad Miss Agnew, rapt and
Mr.. N. GJirretl, Mr. rut! Mrs.asstarld, Mrs. Sheridan, Mr.
and Mrs. Routh, Cnioael awl Mrs • Colston, Mr. and Mrs.
alaospmai, Mr. Carrie Captain baker, 11. N. Mr. Easonde,
Mr. Perry, me. ke. sad a great massy families fruits the vi-
cinity of Kinssgsie.
This favourite watering place still continues very
full of company. the ion.ciiril honset hiring all oc-
cupied, and any vacancies that occur hring speedily
filled, so that there is every probability of a lade
season.

T4ie onnttol Itionntouthshire Rock' fluid is this
lwatim to hire to addition to the, hounds Ibelopging
to the Members of the Club. the Tiethrger crack
peck, to joie io the sport of the stay. •

The migor-game in Westmorland' bast this sea.
Son. proved uncommonly plentiful. Unit STAN-
T:EY killrd. in twelve days shootiriu, 345 birds ;
Mr. WHITKORr, in ten &l•, ;. Mtvitstnti,
in twelve days, 901; and Mr. HoRNIT, in seven
days, 167 ; making a total of 1,t89 birds abut by
• the above four persons only.

Madame Morrottsu has lately published some
Tales in Paris, in which she has introduced some
celebrated names, including DAVID HUME and
WILLIAM Pga tr. The Gazep de Fea'see, et i-
ticisitig these Tales, says—"'lo say the truth, the
rieforrner, PENN, has not much the air of • per•
nonage of romance; he makes about as good a
figure in a novel us etLytiv would in a Cpidie
Opera." The fair novelist, however, compels
her rigid hero to owu the omnipotence of the
little god, and represents him in love. " This,!!
observes the Parisian critic, " is not surprising, for
PRIX comes to Paris, and could not *are leis hear;
from the attractions of a French woonate." •

A tx-Ls-Cumeet.i.a.—An is couitesy, gaiety,
and pleasure, it seems, at this footed Cooress, at
present, ansf the only sparring which has 'hitherto
occurred *Voce the arrival of some of the groat
pismires, has been between Gregson, Curter, *IA
Cooper. These latter gagmen, however, in their
printed manifesto, have kindly offered their weighty
assistance and instruction to settlw any disputes be-
tween the Empires of the various Datums ; awl alms
ready to lend a hand as prineipils, seconds, or hot-
tl•-holders, to prevent the (political) ring from
bruhen in, and to put in their use, liou,
t,..ards flooring the etur.iniev of Europe.

The followitif is a copy of an adverti-rmrot
which spprateti in the Isle of Mann In* wrrk : .•••
Typirs Ferfir, 4.e.—An Irish surfron, who has had •,,e-
-eutiar success in treating Typhus Fever. would bare no
Wijrctsiiii to visit the Isle of Minis for a .hurt time, if mil-
edgy. His term, will be a forfeit of roosiiteralitr Rotuma
hr w tiled at the weeniest) if he loins cue patient, who
will 1.1 due tiro, be votositted to hi* &r.
Srps.ll4lll."

Tar BOXING KlNG.—Amopg the Enrich the
Aero is, " there is nothing stirring." hewed
"rants d eusioiner—Spring an optioner.t—sitYPess
in making the great states good bptween itandoll
and 'Truer—Seroggina does not like the Bristol
ring, but is ready Jot. Cabbage at any Place 'star
the metropolis—Hall and biles tweet on the 29 • I
the pristol bey Mews off ..!•41,12t
Martin on the same (ley.

THEATRES.

DAN at-CANS.
The entertainments last night were, The Iron
Chest. with the farce of The tyldeight Hoar.
Mr. KEAN'S fame. as the principal character in
the former, Sir Edteari( Moraliser.. Gorecki), •
very good 'souse. The pit was full 'a consideorble
time before the curtain rose. We cAnnot say that
this play generally possesses much interest, parti-
cularly after rearlitig tlje work from which it is
taken, hut it animists many highly poetical sod
beautiful paseages, and the most just cud useful
moral. It exhibits a wan, by stature and habits
of unbounded benevolence, humanity, cud ge-
nerosity, transported by • momentary impulse of
offended honour to commit one of the basest and
libelist of crimes—driven to falsehood end hypocrisy
to save hishfe—•hunnisigsociety to Stetlre the
etiiickAlment of his guilt—Leering in himael,f
the dreadful coaiirielion, Ilse direful consciousness.
that lie had in justice .forfeited that bright fame
which lie still idolised—resolving eventnally to heap
crime on clime to save his darling reputation, till a
directing Providence unmasks his wickedness. mid
a miserable death chows' his career. The whole
story well illustrates the sentimeut—
" Sib, honour lisissose!
Thy pile should be au uniform. dispinee
One also of thee, sad liar shrillest breath
Ors roils pressed neakre thZ Wiser liveable
Fur his wimple
Mr. KEAN'S declamation struck us as being more
regular, and his renovation snore distinct and gni.
calms., 1°

than we have surnesignes witnessed Wpm. He
infused all his well.knowss strength and energy into
various passages—most, ou the whole. imparted to
the character us nitwit interest PIS 'At is.weli capable
vf• In his surprise at Wifferd's casu4l mention of
murder— his attempt to recover himself—his failure
,1111argartst born of fury and menaces, he was
gristly :visioned. His ratting in the discovery scene
with legford, and in the tend Nod dissolution, ex.
cited aptilstive. A Mr. Cowst.t., from
the Theatres Royal York and Lincoln, mode his
lint appearance nat.thre Loudest boards 118 SaMit/8•
He went through the part wily respectably; His
liguie is tolerably his voice very strong and
cleser—he seems in posess ss good deal of the
Saistionoss—ltetrayr ho wails of rronflaerice. br
iitex-
Ire. resit..—and, ne prints. will Prove nit sitquisition 'to
the company. Tie tiocceided extremely well in the
song, 4 Traveller stopped at a Widow's Gaits,"
sail was encored. Mi. MUNLIEI was received us an
old. favourite ; his Adults Winter's* is well known
is an admirable effort in the hietriouic art. Mr.
HOLLAND acte.d lltstehold will, touch force MA
rc,rIIIIX. Mrs. OaGMIL was a most innocent. lively,
and playful Illuach. Mil. BLAND'S songs in Bar.
barn were txectited with much sweetness and taste.
The characters were, With, ..jierlkislui one exception,
very well colossal the play went off very success.
fr,llly.. Mr. 4,:owst.i appeared again in the farce,
as Nicholas, sad lust nothisog of the character he had
gained prevsously. Mr. WILLIAMS this vecosid ',-
premier) actinikted *niter( cieditably in the Gene-
ra/. The sopectedoitiongesl dimmer, Cicely, was
rely will represented by Miss TiusweLL—end
Mrs. GLovtta was ass orteable and mischievous
flora.

cOyENT-GARDiN.

The comedy of The Ripahwisii last night per-
formed --rind gem Mr. Ws F Ileaf, who Up pro red.
for the first there, in the character of Sir dathony
Absolute, a new opportuuity of displaying his abi-
lities. Ilia Sir Authnny equals, perhaps excels,
the.fine.t of his previous perforciances. It is art'
animated picture of obstinate age—wedded us much
to the authority which it once possessed, as to the
dress which, at that happy period of paternal I.
foully, it eves customary to wear. Such a character,
In rt. 1/10•1 passionate moments. is a never-failing sub-
jeFt of asuuseineute When Sir Assrhory feels moat,
we are moat iuvfiurd to burgh—and justly too—for,
iat the smart proportion does his folly betray itself.
',et him more along, an ordinary uniespassmiied
actin in the scene—his spirits unexcited—lns mind
euphemised-11io attentiow (Innen to business with
which be is aticenneeted.—lsis advice required upon
masters of 8.0 iiptoolonte to himself—he is here.
bating some few trails of singularity, the usual con-
coital twits awe, u very quit I..onsy-goiug gentleman.
But let Sir dietkony's favourite *Chemises be once
oppuserl7-let it be even hinted that they are found.
eil'in folly—an& dieviolent temper, the child of
uncontrolleil power, instantly appears. Mr. FAR.
HEN hit this polite very skilfully. Lie did not make
Sir Anthony u), o Hit beast, as we have gene-
rally seen him depicted. He gave him his breath-
- and, during those lucid intervals, he was
merely u hearty pleasant old fellow, with some lito-
' utour and u fair portion of spirit ; but, the moment
his will was thwarted. the violence constqueut on
disappointment burst into life. It first chewed it-
self by an instinctive Flenching of one fist. anti
hard grasping of his cane with the other—presently
the muscles orthe face became agitated. the lip
quivered, and the rye spoke powerfully of anger—
the tongue at length. after a long struggle, was
✓eleased front bondage, arid used its freedom to
vent the passion of the blurt--and a torrent of
abuse, at once violent roil comic, closed the
scene. Such was ors mode of pitying. in the
first interview with Commits Absolute. So fine
* delineation of comic passion leis rarely been
iiititerad. But, while we are on the subject, we
Muir not forget the manner in which he delivered
*a *rode that form the climax of the old gentle-
moil's viege-L" stied, d-- me, I'll never cull you
dark ag.sm f'r They were given with such a mixed
expression of resentment and feeling, UP, at the
mine moment, pointed to the man and to the
father. The scene in which Sir Asithony discovers
that hie son is sort the " insensible block" he had
pretended, was .ibly acted. The " blood of the
eibsulairs" becale owe light und volatile, when the
old gentleman found I hat his son had its little apathy,
often a fine woinaii was concerised, us lie himself had,
on winder occasions. iii his youth. 'riot whole of Mr.
I FAROSN's performance deserved the high applause
it ulatainerl-.-atill greater applause no perforstiaoce
could receive. Ile here felt his ground folly—it,
great dinette:tura, ri great observer of human nature,
lanced before lama character, b..ld, but riot over-
sti soled, and Ire filled, it to the )4a—he filled it tx..
mirth., we think. as SHERIDAN would have had it
Mr.lit leil. JONES appeared us Sir 'll.ueims 01Trig-
ger, contrary, we tioderstend, to Aix own request.
11i is a most intelligent actor.--9cll elayed the c -

ratter—a cheracter wholly out of his line-eif net
remarkably well,. at ill event., not badly. .Mr.
V onuses Pantkland wail worthy of hks tick na veledgecif
talents. It has beep custentary to,gley this, clammy
-
ter to men of little soar. This is • gross error-.
for there is not ju tits play a charter snore nicely—
more truly drown." There is unto in the range of the
British drama, si'part that demand' more softness,
more delicacy in the poski;,reiture. To gives part
like this, to uniutellectual men—beings who can nei-
ther feel nor 'understand—is folly. Mr. YOUNO
is far removed from their hemisphere—hi moves in
another worldL-tbe world of feeling and of aeon-
Merit. I/0 entered strongly into she too relined
trotious o;" the self-tonntating kaufkland, and, by
his earnest tenderness, almost led us to forgive
his inispicions—the creatures of a nervous
Mr. CRARLES HEMSLE was • very
delimit Captain Absolute. He drained the charac-
ter well, and looked. Nsoied, and acted, like a po-
halted gentleman. And was supported by Mr.
LISTON. Some of the earlier part of his perforin.
once was rather slpveLity, particularly iis the scope
where be writes the chitßarge; but he made ample
atneuids by his inexpressibly Connie acting when he
arrives on the ground appointed for the display of
his Colour. His trepidation—the at first gradual,
but at length rapid oozing a.Way of his courage—
and his ultimate joy, When he finds that he s
not likely either to be 4, kiickled and sent home," or
honoured with if snug lying in the Abbey." were
very humorously expressed. Mr. Emeav's David,
and Mr. PARLEY'S Fag, were well supported.—
Mrs. DAVENPORT placed, in the most lauVsable ,
light. the peculiarities of Mrs. 111,alaprep. .ydia
Languish was 'wetly, but not .spintedls , unwired
by BIONToN. Mrs. FAUCIT is by far the
best .Is4ia we have seen for some years. Her per-
formance was delicate, though impassioned—tender,
though dignified.
The play was succeeded by the pantomime en.
titled //nr/equirs Gulliver, in which the two fo-
reigners, Messrs. :WARIER and CHALoN were intros
duced. They were not cordially received, but one
of theta performed hiss feats with tolerable applause.
The oilier failed in the truck where lie is to catch a
boll fired from a cannon. Three IniccessivV at-
tempts were made to fire the cannon, but it would
not go off, and the discontent of the audience was
increased by the disappointment. The discinitent
continvecl to the conclusion of the piece, when the
cry of Manager f Massager !" became so loud and
incessant. Mr. Fiwcute came forward, and said
thst these foreign assistants had been introduced by
the Proprietors, in their anxiety to increase the nil
(crest and variety of the pantomime ; but as they
had failed in their efforts, they would tic withdrawn.
This assurance rive general satisfaction, and the its-
dieoce withdrew.

COBURG THEATRE.

The performances of last evening were fur the
benefit or the (toyed Coburg Theatrical Fend, re-
cently instituted for the 'relief of decayed Actors
and Actresses of the concern.. They commenced
with • local sketch, written for the occasion by
Mr. BRYANT, which cooveyed to the audience the
whimsical idea of the various and natural situations
to which a country actor is exposed—firvt, in a
state of penury and dejectedness; then enlivened
by the supposed mot of pnaiaota fortune; and, in
the end, advanced to en enviable elevation at the
Royal Coburg Theatre, where he not only be-
comes • member of the Finid, but is rewarded with
a sum of money for his service., far above his most
sanguine eipectaiions. The last icene of the piece
represented the Temple pc Charity, where Mr.
M'CAIITHT, the Chairman, inrrounded I/ the
Committee and the Members of the Fund, sup-
ported by Charity, delivered the following Address,
written by himself—the audience, with a *due re-
gard to his merits, not only as Chairman of the
Committee, but as ag actor, rewarded his exertions
by a liberal expression of just applause:—
es Herd is Ms lot, that Isere, by Fortelle placed,
Hest mark the wild vicissitudes of Taste;
With every melee, of caprice must play,
And closes the new.blown babbles of the day.
Ah! let out Censure term, our fate our choice,
The Siege bet echoes back the Public voice;
The Drama's towel's, Druna's Fairies give,
For we that live to please, most please le live."
Se spite the Nei, whose Wilily mind
Embraced all peels and ties of human kind,
In whose prophetic lines we daili see' "
A proof more strong than ancient augury.
'Twas be predicted that'lls 'Waring Stags
With sought bet parson, seeld please the age;
Bet 'met all, should mot this Visional blame,
Fur thee three means we climb the hill to Fame;
And, since our happy sten have brought us here,
Your smiles have deigned our toils to Neil% '
Bit, while we beak is Foetuses fervid pay;
We don't forget that sad and dismal day,
When wart or age our ardour may repress,
And plunge us in the depth of dire distress.
The mimic Monarch, hurled from bis Throne,
Sinks in the shade glorified aid unknown;
No friendly hand is stretched to give relief,
be cheer the melancholy child of Grief;
No charitable mind has reared a dome,
Where wearied actors still may And a home ;
Cosidemed through life, to " strut sad fret" spur the
Stage,
And "strut sod fret" in vpin fur a fastidious age.
Like the worn war..terse, et the trumpet's sound,
Who scents the gale did heats the trembling grossd,
The veteran actor feels the latest lire,
But tired Platers bids the eagle millet
Wink saarliig Critics f.rcit him to retire,
And in alum, augennoin and severe,
They ask, " Moat brags the drivelling dotard here.'
Why does be not the beeves sceptre yield,
Which stealing sue forbids him now to wield"
plaint taunt. illiberal vale are his resents-m.
'His poverty, and not his will, consents."
To basins goes like these, this little hand
Have fumes/ ape) ranged at Mentes command,
And in the path they've ventured to pursue,
Have etilared a kind protection here from you;
Fostered by pen the structure will arise, •
And waft a gratidel iseense le the skies;
While we, with hearts sincere, Penns* Heaven,
You user may want the aid you've nobly rem!
The pieces were well received, and the audience
seemed perfectly satisfied with the exertions of each
performer.

On the 23a ult. the iohabitants of Ormistou were
much gratified with a numerous masonic piocessiois,
ut haying the foundation-stone of u bridge user a
branch of the Tyne, hegtin under the' I wraniage of
the Right Honourable the marl of Hoegrovw.
The brethren of DaNeill Kdois ))) ) bic Lodge, with
their office-hearers, along with theAight Worshipful
()Apr) WIGHT, Esq. who premdety on the occa.
# number or the brethren of If4orriciin's
Haven, etia other Lodges, utteudtd.

SHAKSPERIA N IDO LAyst
[FROM A CORRESPONDENT.]
• 7
This room which is sheen at Stratford as that its
which the Bard was born, is covered its every part
with the Itormci of. vitiitaras written by tlveieselres,
in pencil, &c. The surface is whitewash, laiii
perk ps. about tweqty years, end iu the interior the
ceiling, the sitter, the projecting chimney, N.A every
portion of the.tiureice; has lieeto arition nn. •A
hat
of the names would exhibit all the sharacier and
genius of the age; efid of itself would be a ciiriom•i•,r.
Among the mimes are there n( the poets doors
Scott, the distinguished actori•Kcint and I 1 nhttiir,
their' Royal Highiseiscs the Prince BA•grot dud.
DUke orClerence, of the half of both flouses of
Parliament, and of many distinguished foreigners;
among whom are Lnciesi Ilmisperte, and the
sian and Austrian Princes. Emelt the tomb of
Shalispeare, and his bust, are in like manlier co-
vered with oink., proud. of an association with his;
and on the very scroll, under the effigy, is inscribed
the name of *4. Wellesley," by the illustrious Mar.
(pie. mind by Loden Bonaparte the following :
" The aye of Gambia glistens to 'dank!
How Memory hail, the sound i,f Shakimesire's lyre;
One time ('it shed, to form • eristal ahrjue
Of art that's 'mud, immortal, and

SMOCKING ACCIDENTS.

Teskerdax, about one o'clock in lb* afternoon, Matter
chutes Smith, • fine youth of sixteen years of age, son to
Jain Smith, Esq. of Enfield, met with the (ollowing me-
Oisitiouly accident, which deprived him of life :—He took a
ride out foe pleasure on his little favourite pony in the fore.
mon% and on his return home lie by some accident was
thrown from his horse, and his foot sticking in the stirrup,
the horse took fright, and galliippeil off at. (411: speed,
dragging the unfortunate youth after him ow the rook his
bead dashing against the stones, and no person being near lo
stop the horse until be drew him after him upwards of half •
mile. When tbe horse was stopped the youth was quite
dead.

Q. Wednesday night, as ra gentlemsn% carriage was pan..
lag thrones the Slitrsb.eate, in Westmiuster-road, the inha-
bitants were alarmed in no 'Mall degree by the violent
PerelletS of • youth, and the loud cries of persons calling to
the coachman 1W stop the carriage, which was caused by the
following cireunsinstice :—A youth had climbed- up behind
the carriage, arid while it was going at s beislirate him thet
slipped, and be fell upon some iron spikes which were shivers
behind on Iles foot-hoard ; the spikes ran into his legs, and
his head rollick upon the ground, and he was dragged in
that situation a considerable distance along the road. The
cries of the passengers who maw the yosith its the dreadful
condition caused the CORCIIMSII to stop his bonses,and the un-
fortunate youth was taken tfl ils,. spikes scverly injured. He
was cartifd to a surgeon% in Ilse iteighbourhood.

•
