DUTCH MAIL

TRENCH

ocr. 30.

The review of the Prussian troops at Sedan, which took
place use the 26th, was very brilliant, lo the evening Ur.
went Zeithen gave a strand entertaiunsesst, to which. as at
Talesscieneses, all the principal issliabstents of the city were
Oss the 27th the Pi simian moor commenced their
March for Lusemboreb and Trete,. The roomers ash be
delivered up sioceersively, and it is supposed that on this
side also the. French territory will be evacuated by the 15th
of November.

The march of the British troops to the coast is effected
with the greatest regularity. The uniliary, as sell as the
civil authorities, lake the brat measures to preserve order ;
the foreign troops observe the tttt torsi discipline, and the
inhabitauts fully arkiwirledge the exemplary conduct of
these troops dosing the three years of the military occu-
pation.

HA 311 MUCH PAPERS.
wa....
HANOVER, OCTOBER 26.

His Royal flightiessa the Duke of Cambridge is
gone to-day to Nlecklcubutg Sirefits. to fetch back
his consort from Strelitz.

11.0181111011, OCTOBER 28.

51r. Wul hero, Notary Public in this city, has
inserted in the Curtespoisslent of to-day an advertise-
ment, in which he stiles, to consequence of the
Meeting held at his house for the purpose, that
" The ship-owners and citizens of this city have
warmly approved the idea of Messrs. Detttneitin
uud Kreysing, now in Lubeck, every where to check
the pn•acies of the Africa►. curssirs by so association
of the ship-owners of the North of Germany ; and
that there arc, therefore, reasonable hopes of Jeering
this plan receive the necessary support in several
German States."

The well-known writer, Licentrate NeninichyV
this city, is going to pulslisli a pamphlet respecting
the cases that have lately oct•nrred in England, of
the finlore of vaccination to prevent• the small
pox. M. Nt111111(11 has pi, lishril. sit several times.
obs•JvAtions on the sullkt t •n the Ilatublirgli pa-

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON.

SATURDAY. Notsmica

THE QUEEN.

der 111a3aretr was out of her chamber but a
short tune on Thursday; she we; sorely removed
not for the room to he aired. Sir, [lanai' Hake.
Fettit returned from Windsor on Thursday After-
uatt, in
time to receive the PRINCE RESENT upon
his arrival at I{ew Palace from London. The
PatNcE Renner remained at KeW on Thursday
night nimbi. later than he has beets accustomed to
do: Isis Ravel I-Lenten did not leave till twelie
o'clock, moil the ItEdv.tyr would not have left then,
had soot the Doctors assured hilt Royal gightiess
that there was no appearance of soy change takiug
place in the state of her MAJEsTir. Sir P—Waticts
111t1.3tatr and Sir Matte 11ALENEB were in alter-
nate attendance upon the QUEEN during the night.
'Yesterday mortii,tg early they sent a full statement
to the Paiaci: Brut:wr, the Duke of l'oak, tcc.
of the state of her MAJESTY up to that tune. The
following was the public Bulletin :
" Ken' Palace; November A.
" Tile Queen has bad an indifferent night. Her Majesty
lesisiai mile,' indigoes&
F. AMMAN,
4, H. HA.LFORD."
•

Po account arriving from Kew op to late in the
afternoon, the ritiNCE REceNt's, anxiety was so
much rikited that his Royal Highness sent off an
express for the full lairticula►s of the 'Ake of his
*filleted Parent to be sent him;

The Dispatches recently ►eeeiied from indis tree
published yesterday in a Slippiemenial Gazette. They
contain Is account of various military operations.,
including the reduction of several strong places.
Of these, the storming of a strong fort by Colonel
Abatis, exclusively announced in Tilt BRITISH
PRESS of Tuesday last, Hppears to hate been the
most important. The circunistance of the treasure
found in it, mentioned in our account, is not no-
ticed iii the Gazelle. Our statement, however, is
in that particular correct.

We have received the Paris Papers of Tuesday.
There seems to have been no foundation for
the rumours ciiculated iii the City, that the Five
per Cents. bad been so low as 65, and even 64 1.
In the mean time, the contractors for the loan stud
the great monied interes►s of Paris, are anxiously
exerting themselves to prevent a further depression,
and have induced several of the principal houses to
discontinue, fur some time, the transmission of spe-
cie to Russia, where the gieatest demands have been
for gold and silver blllllOll. It is also said, in a pri-
vate letter front Paris, that on Suuday the contrac-
tors for the loam sent off an express to Aix-la-Cha-
pelle. to require an extension of the term stipulated
in the Treaty fur completing the instalments ; and
that, instead of nine mouths, they should be al.
lowed seventeen months to pay up the whet:. of the
loan : they offer, iit That case, to make each instal-
ment at the place where it falls due, instead of pay-
ing it to the agents of the respective Powers at
Paris; thus producing a saving of commission, and
other charges, and afforiliiig u security againsi any
loss that might arise from the variations to the ex-
changes. Should this proposition be acceded to, of
which little doubt WMA entertained, one can►e of the
late instability of the French fonds would be im-
mediately removed. A private letter, dated Paris,
4.1 instant, say.—" The decline of the funds has
continued, but evert• thing anominces that it will
soon stop. What in a great measure occasioned
the fall was, that the Bank had reduced its dia.
counts from 91) to tit) days, and afterwards from 60
to 45 slay.; but sse learn that it has ju►t repealed
its decree, ai.d that it will continue to discount at
(10 days, uutil it can do it at 90, as formerly."

The character of Sir SAMUEL ItomiLLY was so
generally understood, and so highly valued by
every dabs of his countrymen, that not even the
MIICOUIf of party could find one spot owvrhich it
might discharge its venom. While living, he con.
cremated. within himself not only the admiration
and love of all silo had the good fortune to be
'diately within the circle of his acquaint.
mice, cr acted with him in the relations of public
life% but also the ri spvct and e.irr•in of his anta-
gonists nod rivals ; am! 'low tlsiit he hag sunk with.

in the silent grave, sod can no longer taqe the
charm of friendship, or feel the stimulus of 'tube-
lion, his memory will be cberishedi al►d his loss
deplored by all who are capable of gioeious feel.
lugs, or of appreciating his singular ►aerits. Witl►
such► sentiments impressed upon our minds; we
could not, without disgust, read the attempts that
have been made in an Evening Paper to detract
from Sir SADISM. RemitWs high estimation►, to
dimitnisi► his claims to the gratitude and esteem of
the public. and, by invidious comparisons, to
throw a darker shade over the melancholy close of
his existence. Cold must be the heart that at such
a moment, and in such circumstances, could be
induced to give expression to party seal, ■nd with-
out one apparent advantage in view, in far violate
the ordinary principles of delicacy as to wound a
character rendered sacred by peculiar inisfortuoes.
To what purpose, unless for questioning the ver-
dict of the Jury, was an insidious comparison at-
tempted to be drawn between the calamity sustained
by Sir S. itommt.X and that that betel the Prince
of SATE-Coouao ? The dame object was manifest
in pursuing a second comparison between it and
the loss sustained by the celebrated EDMUND
Bostic, in the untimely death of his son. Must
'similar results arise in the minds of various men
from causes 'apparently similar Human reason
cannot be measured like objects of sense, nor can
the experience of one individual's endurance be con.
sidered as evidence Gf what another can safely
en-
counter. The eases, however, are very far from being
similar, and the thought of comparing them could
never have occurred to any but one who, under
pretence of sorrow, iusidiuusly sought to assail a
character lie could only envy. We should not
have noticed this painful subject, had not the
Piper to which we allude renewed its work lost
evening, and thereby chewed that it committed its
original sin, not from inattention or ignorance,
but with a fettled purpose to do injury.

The melancholy fate of the lamented Sir S.
Rostiu.ir continues to enkross the public 'Men..
tention. The more his toss is considered, the
greater it is felt—the more his Virtues and talent•
are brought forward in re;iew, the more difficult
does it appear to supply his place. At the Bar.
his business is distributed among many persons;
lint where shall we find a substitute for him in the
Senate, as Representative of the City of Westmin•
ster t In thil thfficolty, a has been proposed by
several respectable Electors a this City to convene
a General Meeting, fur the purpose of considering
a fit person to put in nonsinstion, with which view
they have transmitted the following Address to Sit
FiLANcir BURDETT :

TO SIR FRANCIS BURDETT, BART.
Weiiminster, November 5, ISIS.
creat public duty has agent devolved upon the
Electors of traumatic,.

The death of your lamented Colleague which the national
grief proclaimed to be a national calamity, is, in no point
of view, more to be deplored, time as it will expose the
Electors of iVestmiuster to the wastes of power and the
arts of corruption. The patrons and propagators of slavery
will unite, and their first efforts will be directed to divide
the friends of freedom. To provide agithuit so insidious
■u endeavour, it seems that a simple remedy .ay at mace be
applied.

..
We are agreed on our principles ; it remains °sly to
agree upon the person whom it say be expedieet to closes*
as an honourable and efficient advocate of those prieciples.
For this purpose, it has appeared to the undersigned la-
dispensable to consult the opinion of a General Media(
of their Brother Electorr, as early as may be consistent
with their feelings of regret fur the loss of their late illus-
trious Representative.

With the same object, we beg kave respectfully to request
that you, Sir, in your capacity of an Elector of Westmin-
ster, will attend, and take the Chair at the proposed Meet-
ing of your Fellow.Citiseoa, who, by the experieece of many
years, are fully able to appreciate the firm impartiality with
which you have presided over their most important delibera-
tions. Difficult, indeed, will it be to select an iodividuat
qualified to become the coadjutor of Sir Francis Burdett,
but the more arduous the task, the more need have we of
your assistance, and the more'earnestly do we hope at
you will comply with a Requisition, which we know to ac-
cord with the wishes of a great majority of your Constitu-
ents and Fellow-Electors.

We beg leave to subscribe ourselves, with the utmost re..
spect, ke.

Mr. BROUGHAM and Mr. BENNITT, we under-
stand, hove been both solicited, but have both de-
clined. The friends of Sir FRANCIS BURDErt
•Ispear pledged, by the proceedings of the late
Election, to the Hon. DOUGLAS KINNAIRD; and
it is not yet known whether Sir MURRAY MAX.
WELL means to enter the lists again.

Yesterday the Duke of You transacted military
business with the PaINCE RIGENT for a consider-
able time.

Sir Gamma M•Gascoa sail& in • few days for
South America, in the brig Ileros.—(Li7erpail
Advertiser.)
The Sierra Leone Gazette, of the ISth of July,
gives an account of Goers nor MACARTHT'S having
taken liossession of the Isles de Loss in the name of
the King sof Great Britain; and private letters in•
form us, that he has established a settlement of the
mouth of the Sherborough river, and taken the Plan•
lain Isles soder the protection of his Government:
the Isles de Loss are situated about 20 leagues
north-west of Sierra Leone, the Plantains about 20
leagues south-west; so that by this attention in oc-
cupying these points, he has secured the trade of
Sterna Leone: whereas if the Americans bad pos-
sessed them, as it was supposed to have been their
intention, the trade of the colony would hare !Atli
ruined.
