[From the Munihtsr of Saturday, April 15

PARIS, A ram 14.
The St. Petersburgh Journals of 28th and 30th March have bees
received. They contain the details of the removal of the body of
the late Emperor, and of the obsequies. This health of her hope-
rial Ilighness the Grand Duchess Helen would not permit her to
be present at these public ceremonies. After the inhumation of the
body of the Emperor Alexander, the Imperial Sceptre and Glob•
were carried to the winter palace. In consequence of an express
order of his Majesty the Emperor Nicholas, Count Lieren ha had
the honour to deliver the sword of the late Emperor to her ,Majval
the Empress Mother.

On the 29th of March, Lord Strangford had a public *wham to
present his credentlihr to the Emperor.
[From the Journal dcs Debats.l
Ilent.tx, Aron. 4.

(PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.)

It is said that Russia and England have agreed to act in concert.
and, having measured their power of action in the levant, they
have come to the conclusion that, having the complete command,
the one by land and the other by sea, no power can possibly pre-
vent them from making such arrangtments as may wit both;
on the other hand, no power is sufficiently strong to prevent their
going to war, if their interests, being opposed, should drive them
into a struggle. Now, as they are not so anxious for securing
general peace as for maintainin4 peace with each other, they hart
determined to act in concert in whatever measures they may &dart
respecting Turkey. All interference, on the part of the whet
Powers, would only serve to embarrass the question. Prossis ha
no direct interest, and would willingly leave the aff.iir to freesia.
The Austrian policy is too closely identified with the preservation
of Turkey, to render it practicable to bring her to enter into any
negotiation which should not have the integrity of the Ottoman
empire for its basis. The 'et of taking possession of Moldmis
and Wallachia, and placing Austria as a barrier between Habit
and Turkey, is too bold a measure for 3letternich. Besides.
Russia does not seem to be disposed to renounce all f
the advantages which !Ilse bee , secoted to her by the treaty of
1812, and others preceding it. The notion that the Russian a".
spirators wished to restore part of the conquered provinces to their
neighbour: was one of the principal causes of the popular aversion
to their schemes, the people being still intoxicated with the FOP."

• Quere Carlsruhe ?

((conquests. Thus Austria is quite out of the question as soon as
Russia and England came to an agreement ol the subject. As f•tr
France her means of opposing these designs would be formoishle,
If the nation were unanimous. Besides England has been in formed 1,
its in agents in Egypt and °NKR, that the negotiations of the
French 31inistry in favour of Mehemet Ali and lbrahim Paths
have for their object to assist Egypt, in forming an independent
Mooorchy, in which French influent. should prevail over that of
the English. The English cabinet has no confidence in a policy
which meads officers and soldiers to the broke of the N.le. Thus
Vitae and Metternich would derive no adiantort from their
blichivelian policy with legated to the (links, Luc the discrncefuy
result of being obliged silently toots:tar in the decisions of others.
I: is supposed that the two powers would gusrante: to the Porte
the resumption of its full authority in Egypt ; that the P.flopor
sous. with the islands. would be given to the English, Moldavia
std Wallachia to the Ruosians. These provinces would then
bream the asylums of the (heck nation, who would live there
iler their own laws, but under the protection of the two allied
ruffs. England and Busts would immediately occupy these
provinces, and afterwards invite the Porte to accede to these sr.
rsagentots. The Porte would name Ibrahim to the Government
of Janina or Larissa, and Mehemet Ali to the Government of
Inuosseus, in crier to watch the remains of the Wehabitev. It
would oblige the Pacha to disband his French slid Italian trait a.
ggypt.erould be divided between two new Pschas, and if Mehemet
awed to di• obey, he would be abandoned by the Turks and Alba.
e ids, as Ali Pecha formerly was.
FRISCH Fauna.--..PAIIIS. APRIL IS —Five pre Cents., 961.
Y,c.; Three per l'ents.„ flit. 7k. ; Hank Stock. 2.0101.4 Re
to
ee
Naples, 73f. Rio.; /loyal sponish Low, 4.11 e on
london, one month, 261. Wes. ; Three ditto, W. 3.c.—Ceara
.4 sttentiyae.

W c have received letters from venom; correspondents, eall-
uur et-anion to the unprecedented number of petition,
Cut have been recently presenetl to both Houses, praying
t r the abolition sr slavery in our W..at India Colonies.
We think the e lilt of most meet, who are accustomed to
reflect and to Ti SSW, must by this time be pretty well mad,
up upon this topic. No one can have looked much abroa I
In the world without petceising that upon this, as upon
uthsr subjects, there is a considerable portion of oltr:1 hu-
amity afloat—a sort of humanity, that those who watch it
tu all its operations may very easily distineuish from those
kindlier feelings o' the heart, the owne- of which, —thcugh
alwa s alive in doing good--iltes it in the spirit of real
usefulness—elooking before and after—and taking a steady
gal comprehensive survey of what consequences are in-
volved in the exercise of its beneficence. Unquestionably
a sound, satiate), and well-regulated freedom, is good for
all men, white mud black. No one could sit down, at this
time of day, to write an essay upon theblessings of slavery ;
but as little would any man of common sense be inclined to
enter into an offcusive alliance against the West India Cob -
ts s. What, then, are we to shut the door against all
improvement Gf the Negro's condition? Are we to perpe-
tate slave labour? No; we certainly ought not to do
either the one or the other. But, to improve the condi-
tion of the plantation Negro to any real or useful purpose,
we must first cultivate his character, habits, and modes or
thinking. To turn him loose upon society is not to give
Isinn freedom. Thus to act would be as unwise on every
principle of particular policy as of general justice. Th
abolitionists are brimful of commiseration for the black ser-
%ants, but thew very little consideration for the fate of the
white masters. They describe a system of oppression which
has long since passed away, as if it was actually In full
force, and they go on to exasperate us with details of hard-
ships that have no real existence. But we must take their
pathetic accounts with great abatement ;—we must take
them, not cues croon sulls merely, but with a whole
bushel. " Excessive toil," says Mr. STEPHEN, in his
' 51e:eery of the West India Colonies delineated,' " excessive
toil, hunger, pain, imprisonment, exile, and every poesib's
species of human sufferance, are inflictions within the legal
range of the master's authority."—Within the legal range!
Really the writer takes great liberties with matter of fact.
Who but must wish well to the cause of revolt among the
Negroes if this representation were true? But these state-
ments have been confuted over and over again. IVhat pur-
pose can such fabrications answer?—what purpose can they
be intended to answer ?—but to embroil the West Indians
with the Government at home, and at the same time to ex-
cite all our worst prejudices against the Colonists. It is
not sarprising that the latter should express themselves
somewhat angrily under all this irritation. Lord DcDL!T
and W•un, in his excellent speech on Friday evening, in
the House of Lords, on presenting a petition from the
Brant of Council of Assembly, in the Island of Antigua, ad-
Joined that" The petitioners indulged in expressions which
might, perhaps, be consider( d as harsh against a certain
class of persons in this country, who were known as aboli•
tionists; but whilst he acknowledged that some of the ex-
pressions contained in the petition might be so considered.
Le thought it just to observe, that the Colonists themselves
had been the objects of unmeasured invectives; and it
was not to be wondered at if they had not confined them-
selves within proper bounds when speaking of their oppo-
nents." Assuredly the abolitionists, when we consider the
piny to which they more especially belong, might at least
se the example of Christian temper in the discussion. As
it is, they only provoke the Proprietors to contumacy, while
they goad the Blacks to rebellion.

It is not good to make wild experiments upin human
rature. A sable population of nearly a million, with a
omparatively few white inhabitants, is not a community
ta be rashly tampered with. The Negroes enjoy many and
great comforts, and they are grateful for them. The work
of emancipation is gradually going on, and we wish well to
its progress; in the mean time, let not the West Ind'a
proprietors be defrauded of that esteem to which they are
justly entitled for their exertions, both as it respects the
moral and civil condition of their slaves, and the laws passed
for their protection.

CITY, MONDAY EVENING.

A great deal of the attention of jobbers and speculators
has been occupied in the making up the subscription foo
the funding, which closed to-day at one o'clock. The New
scrip has been done at about 4 premium, and at one time
there was considerable anxiety evinced by persons in tile
Cashiers' Office to set down their name. as subscribers.
consols were in a feverish state throughout the day, open-
ing at 7911, and after being done at the intermediate prices
closing at 76;. This depression may be caused by the'
funding upnalitm, and also by the advices from the country
this morning, which speak by no means favourably of the
rate of trade in mail districts during the last ten days.
Bank Stock W[:4 tl(re ; India ditto 20 ; Exellecitter Bills
Cs.es. pretn. ; and India Bonds 6s. prem.
It bas been a matter of surprise that the notice to fond
eight millions of Exchequer Bills, whi was announced at
the Stock Exchange last Wednesdaftsobas produced so
trifling a fluctuation in the price of Stocks. But the Mi-
nister.' intention having been so long known, it is presumed
that the Moniol Interest has been quite prepared to meet
it. The prie., of Consols. wh, n the funding was announced,
was 79i on the following day (Thursday) they reached
501 4, and nit nn uu SdIllt• evening to 79_; from which
price to 794, they have since fluctuated, and they left off oat
Saturday at 79i, both for money and time. A great quan-
tity of stock, for time, has been sold by the speculators,
who are sanguine in their expectation of a fall ; but while
there exists so great a scarcity of money stock of all (It-
itriptions, we cannot foresee any great alteration in the

Stocks, unless any political event should intervene, or un-
less the commercial world should he again visited with the
scenes of distress and difficulty from which it has now, at
least in some degree, recovered.

The report of a new 10311 for Colombia has seriously af-
fec.eti the South American Stocks. The bonds of that
State were to-day at 38, but they afterwards rallied and
were quoted at 40, 41; Mexican 6 per cents fell to SS, but
they also sully (latently recovered and left off at 60. Chi-
ban bonds were 38, 60, and Peruvian ditto 2s.
We understand that the Peruvian Minister in London is
most aoxions that the money affaits of the Peruvian Go-
vernment should be immediately investigated. Ile was no
party to the loin, but he vv ill afford every facility, as to
information,, on ally point connected with the important
atraire of the loan and dividend.
Illissian Stock has declined to 751; Greek bonds were
14, IS, and Spanish ditto 91. There baa been a further
fall in the French Funds, probably arising from the ru-
mours in circulation in Paris about the Russian ultimatum
to the Porte. TheS per cents. on Friday were at 96f. ISc. ;
S per cents, 64f. 40c.

The anwunt cf Exchequer Bills sent into the Bank yes-
terday, pur►uant to the Treasury circular which we pub-
lished in our last, was, we understand, 8,84.2,0u0t.

A Gentleman has just landed at Dover from Calais. who
left Constantinople on the 2341 ult. Ile states that Misso-
longhi was not then taken, but it was expected to fall dsily.
Tile scenes of human butch,ry between the Turks and
Cheeks he describes as shocking in the extreme. In one of
the Gre k islands which was conquered by the Turks, the
whole of the inhabitant', 3000 souls, were put to death ;
after which the Greeks retook it, and finding there about
6000 Turks. massacred them without quarter. The bodies
were left in heaps above ground, but did not become offen-
sive on account of their being literally parched and the in-
tense heat of the sun.—Cinque Ports Herald, April 15.
By an extraordindy conveyance, accounts reached Lon-
don yeatt rday from Constantinople. to the 21st ult. The
English Ambassador, Mr. Stratford Canning,hstl been well
rective.l; he hail delivered his credentials, and hail several
interviews with the Turkish Minister. The Divan had
many secret sittings, reported to be of the highest interest,
as to the affairs of Russia and the I;reeks. The Turkish
Government had granted a day of audience, (the 22d
March), to Mr. Stratford Canning, when affairs of the ut-
most importance were expected to be discussed.
_ .

Private letters from Lisbon state that the Secretary of Sir
Charles Stuart was daily expected from Brazil, charged
with a secret mission of great importance. The commu-
iication with England was almost daily. It is said that in
addition to the fifty millions of crusadas, in gold coin, left
by the King, there are two millions in gold bars, two mil-
lions in gold (lest, and a leather bag full of diamonds, of
inestimable value.

We have received Gibraltar Papers to the lot instant.—
On Saturday (25th March) at half-past one p. m., his Ex-
cellency the Marquis of Hawn NGS and suite re-embarked
con board the Herald, and immediately afterwards proceeded
on their return to Malta. Ills Excellency was received by
guards of honour from the 64th and 43d Regiments, at the
Convent and the new Mole, and saluted with 19 guns.
1 t is stated, in a letter from St. Petersburgh, that the
Russian army is ti be reduced. The saving will be fifty
millions of rubles annually, although the pay of the re-
mainder will be increased.
The American S rate have confirmed the nomination of
Richard C. Anderson, of Kentucky, and John Sergeant, of
Pennsylvania, as Commissioners on the part of the United
States, to attend the deliberations of the Congress; and
Wm. B. Rochester, of New York, is appointed Secretary
to the Mission. The question on the expediency of the
Mission was determined by a vote of 2t to 19. The no-
mination of Mr. Anderson, by a vote of 27 to 17 ; and that
of Mr. Sergeant by a vote of 2.6 to 18.
. .

A Leeward Island and a Brazil mall were received in
Glosgow last week. By the former we received Trinidad and
Barbrdoes papers to the Ist March. Some alarm had been
occasioned at Barbadoes from a quantity of powder having
been stolen front a powder magazine, and from the fact of
several fires having occurred in different places in the island.
The weather continued to be exceedingly wet and bois-
terous throughout the islands. We are glad to see the
colonial press, so long sunk in apathy, rousing itself to de-
fend their cause, and to repel and to refute the slanders and
poisoned darts of their adversaries. Truth will at last
prevail, and dispel the clouds of error and ignorance.—
The letters by the Leeward Island Mail come down to the
loth March, from St. Thomas, and from other islands to
corresponding dates. The commercial accounts are not
very cheering. Bills are not to be had in Colombia, and
though money is to he had, it cannot be brought away
from the country. The letters by the Brazil Mail come
down to the 13;h an 15th February, from Rio de Janeiro.
These contain no political news of interest. The stock of
goods was decreasing by sales, but prices were rather dis-
couraging.
• Advices from Bahia of the 6th, and from Pernambuco
to the 16th of February, state, there were great prepara-
tions making for the reception of the Emperor and his
Court. The exchange with England at Bahia was 54 to
55; at Pernambuco Si.

It appears by the papers from Bogota, that a decree,
which passed the House of Representatives of the Congress
of Colombia last year, for raising a loan to be applied to
the extinction of the domestic debt, was about to be intro-
duced into the Senate, and to all appearance was likely to
pass into a law. The proposed amount of this loan is not
stated officially, but some of the private accounts say that it
will be for 10,000,000 dollars, about 4,000,0001. sterling.
The Colombian Senate, in discussing this project, could
have had no knowledge of the state of the money affairs of
Europe, which would make the project of contracting at pre-
sent a debt hearing interest, to extinguish debt not bearing
interest (which is the case with the domestic debt) absurd.
The project is, however, condemned in the Constitutional,
a raper published in English and Spanish, in Bogota, in
the strongest terms. " If," says the Editor, " the case be
one of extreme urgency, which we are really not aware of,
better at once to increase the amount of taxes; and if the
state of the country be such as to preclude the adoption of
such a step, it only adds additional strength to our opinion
of the impolicy of raising a loan, and thus still adding to
the permanent burdens of a nation whose resources are in-
adequte even to a mere temporary exigency. With regard
to the justice of paying our creditors, we should be the
last to deny such a proposition; but we think that other
plans might he adopte I much more advantageous to the
interests of the country, than that of exchanging a debt,
the greater part of which bears no interest, for one which
does, and which is accompanied with the circumstances
which we have just eimin,trated. We acknowledge their
claims, and hope that some means will be taken to satisfy
tits m. but we are not quite quixotic enough to prefer what,
after all, is but an appearance of generosity, to that which
is in rigorous justice due to the rest of our fc}iow•citi-
zens."—Eesniug Paper.
The Delphina, Martin, arrived at Antwerp the 14th
nst. : she sailed 7th Dec. from Java. Several battles had
bet n fought between the Dutch and Javanese, without any
thing decisive on either aisle, but with a result, on the
whole, ruinous to the Dutch. The insurgents, when
pressed, continually retreated into the rice plantations,
which afforded them sufficient shelter. The Dutch Gene-
rals hail decided that it was not possible to repress them
without burning all the rice plantations on the eastern side
of Java. General Vats Geen had given it as his opinion
that thousands must perish if such a measure was resorted
to. The Dutch force? were so reduced that if reinforce-
ments do not speedily arrive from Europe, the island must
be altogether abandoned. A very small quantity of coffee
could be sent to Europe, as the coffee and the plantations
had suffered greatly from the conflagrations, which had
been general both in the towns and in the country. All
the store-houses for the sale of produce to the eastward,
Samarang, Souraba, &c. were shut up, and the merchants
were retiring to Singapore, and other places, with the
remnants of their property. The following, however, is a
copy of a letter by the Delphina, received by an eminent
house in the City, which gives a different version of the
affairs of Java :

" Batavia, Dec. 3, 1825.
" With regard to the war in the native provinces we have no.
thing to otter both parties will most likely reiLain inactive until
the cntnmearement of the fair monsoon. The country is at present
apparently quiet."

THE BRITISH PRESS.
