I.;e reicost. I,lie OW of hie nrtilecevaors.. woald be
lane, Peer. 8461 gloving —g I arioa. ton. amid the coo.
a Prove. hit stir leiAto and iailependent,
f r he orntaid wit gaff -r the natinital character to Le
reeilia4e4. Or abate one of it. j i t right, lisckeil'
tiecessigeo, or II 'Orr any circa initances.
• rat w'tasr err
pone. tic,h, uo.tillied humour of the cows-
. tfrii.vairst always
if met le 55 the cow*, to be ;Atropin', he trusted
ry wow rei4ii woul.l Lie long and hippy. flus pre-
.je.ty, they must all feel. he I to perform a
ciali of th• atop difge illy, ais.l i s which he
wneelj requirr, awl I w truer,' rec•oe... the .opport
4. Veinal, a spirited. awl • free ippldiese.)
114 e believed with their Sheriff, that los Ala-
?sty • intruded to pursue a pnpuler coarse. and
raeatit to promote the happiiiese of his people.
Mr. firoup,,bani conducted by proposing
" The heals/ye of the 1,3 $9 independent Freeholders who
y4ted at Appleby"—three drove three and great applause.
• Some by Ur. Broadhurst--" Scuts wit.. hae wi' Wallace
lied!"
• "The health of she Hereditary Hitt' Sh.riff of the County
Westraortane (tbe Earl of Thanes)
was then drunk with great applause.

Mr. Ruttiest, on the part of the Earl of Thenet,
returned thanks, and complimented the company
An the high example they had set to the county.
•- The next toast was
'The honest wives and bonny lasses of the counts "
Theo, " Mr. Dyke's bealdt, and the Blurs of Camber-
ialett."—(Graat applause)
?.Ir. Dimes returned thanks, and wid a high
compliment to the independent Freeholders of the
County of Cumberland.
On the health of Mr. Lambton and the freemen
cf Durham being proposed and drunk with great
cadmium—
Mr. LAMETOII rose, and returned thanks in an
animated awl eloquent speech. He said that the
enthusiasm with which they hod complimented him
almost deprived him of the power of utterance.
They only did hies justice when they were of
opinion that he felt warmly in the assertion of
the independence of the county of Westinor-
Jand. The moment his own straggle was over
against the Government pensioner brought against
him is Dothan), he repaired to give what assist-
ance he could to the independent freeholders of
the county of Weetmorlstol. His own contest
%as over 00 Saturday, and he was in Wrstmorlatail
on the following day--(Applause)--fur he
thought it his duty when such attempts were snide
to suppress the spirit of the people, to be found in
the hottest part of the people's bottle. and there
always should his country bud him. In no place
eves that battle fought better than in Durham and
Westmulend. A colossal power, us hail been
swell said. was arrayed in arms against them.—
There were the Lieutenancy, the Magistracy, and a
art of men who, from the earliest times, were found
arrayed at the side of slavery and corruption—he
meant the party of the Clergy who appeared against
_
oing that
occupterl
erring, if
'A laugh)
oplause )
been found so
very day lie
while &ie..
ight never
lenced the
hand k er-
taodoubt,
'mare hOw dear tbai colour was to certsin persons of
she clerical body, and could not be surprised
at this additional proof of attachment to it. "'he
champion of the people 'in Westmorland, to sup-
port their iodepesideuce (Nir. Brougham) had
said he was without estates, but lie had that
which was of more value theta estates in their canoe
—he bed talents and integrity.—(Greet applause.)
a--Around such a man the freeholders of Weatmor.
land were determined to snake a stand, and with
him they must ultimately succeed.—(Appieure.)—
The sou had set iu glory upon their etbarts, and in
'twit neat struggle it would rise to dissipate the
floods which hung over the blue hills of %%resumer-
hll. The people would chew the Lowther, tint
their donitsiation was at an end, sod could oo
I:rger be wielded against the indeprodei ce of the
eenuity. In Dorliam the Government bit J suf.
fered a disgreeeful defeat —it woo a remote
in which too they calculsted on their s!•rugllU
The company would recollect that when the whole
kingdom almost rose to petition against the Pro.
petty Tax. the counties of Durham and Stafford
alums remained behind. The latter had, however,
on the late occasion, reeleemed its character, and so
also bad Durham.—(Applause.)—The Honour.
stale Member then proceeded to state, that as soon
as lie had secured his own election, lie gave all
the assistance be could command to Mr. Posited,
his colleague. He thought it perfectly fair that
when the Government combined against the
voole, the latter should make its owo effort on be.
Neil' of the cosistitutimal liberties of the country.
The result of the elections throughout the country
was favourable to the popular cause, and he would.
- soon Isere au opportmiity in his place in Parliament
to renew the notice lie had given its the last Parlia-
ment of a speedy motion fur a Reform in Paths-
aent.—f Applasse.)— He meant such a Reform as
would confer the elective frisuchise on a large pore
stun of the people. Is the pretreat state of the
ioutry such a measure could alone lead to softly.
must be a moderate and temperate, but a firm
tad thorough Refoets. The friends of it must not •
deterieil bons &tog their duty by the calumnies
...inch stealthd he lev.-ileti against them, or by the
..ustattg instnuatioos that parties were leagued
agaiiist the State, or that there had existed a set of
soisceemits, between whom and the great bulk of
the country there existed no connexion whatever.—
hear.)—He concluded by expressing his
ineriirretice in opinion with Mr. Brougham,. that
he King had the best attentions towards the people,
iod winked to see them happy and free ; but twilit-
lee/arty the character of the Ministers was very dif-
'rent front that of she Sovereign, and the country
could heave little to limn op Wag as such Ministers
were permitted to held office. He again returned
them thanks for the honour they had done bias.
" The health of Mr. Beaumont, and thee lode.
oetideut Freeholders of Itiorthumbetiand." was (lieu

grim& with grewt applause.
)dr. Osavismit ',turgid thanks in se eloquent
sei peleistie %mech. •

•

i."••

the 'people .;
men who, instead of inCialcal
charity they hod • •„„kr.preach, had
theraselma is f ~guarrelg, and •
Mach issrascolate t could err—(.
—ea the side o't • • —(Loved app
r• Wig are extent. of thew been
carry their party that on the vel
had arrived at A•• one of sheet
charging his duty% • ialiich nu'
be accessible to ' kid topics, coetuu
service by wiping his face with a yellow
thief.—(Laughter.)—The company were.
. •
