No. 7/2:35-

FOR l'.‘NA OA TIMBER, ASH OAR
"". .RAFTE.Its. l) lA:DINAR V DE.% Es.
.V.: 7'F OF Fl t' E. Feb. 17.1E124.
Pri•n-ipal ra and e...inintiaviwicry of h;., Ma-
that en TIWRSI).-IY.
k 1,17 al', 11 it, th7o, still be really tp treat
.w he ni~hae to contract for supplying hts
i ‘:.e Aiwtes, to .he itnportedt
•:: !A. ‘g reetive any prapurtine of
ntie u.a. kct which the ',Artie* tendering

lho(11

ils 11111'

1114 Acr.
CANA DA HUD PINE TIMBER.
V E.1.1,W.i' I'INE TIMBER.
it'll 0.1 i; R.l F 11:11'
IXatri' Ott I:if .1

Forms of the Tenders, may ►e
iil ::c receivel tiller One o'clock
milev, the ',Arty or an agent

tee; at this °tilt e.
on the Jay of tre.it

tor Itlrn atttiuls.
tarn Tv, iiirl
Nay, 'twit, to
.

by a Letter atireasetl to the
~011‘i';!_ persons, ei.gaging to
in the sums hereinafter

iossnine boiti.,l with

rneatioacJ, Ca the
Timha
Watt',l
DC •I

11.(11,1

OI th:Ltriir“t, viz.:-
. . £2.5110
. . 1.00
. . . 1,300

.......----------......-.
t 1 C/SK (irk teE, toNDCLV,
./.7tootre K. 1615.
TO nt; Sou-) BY A l'C'r lON.
rle °fe.. y,,1. : ••• it,•,!tr-q C e the ~ntrzissiortere of hie
Mat.dit's / •;.. It. t.e.0i...., in i %pinion.; Room, at the
ta(Mii., ()I.' it ..,.1....re or. ,t 1 TuE7l:).ll' 241.vi.}:D.
Nj;3l)lY :21. T•!!•;,•....r).‘ V '2%,..., nnti Nit IDA 1. 24th of Pt-
>r. lati at .. - t't.i tck each (Is?, tlie fullotring Goilill ill IstAy
alga io ?mous pun.h.stas . -
k. Vet
Affee

PARLIAMENTARY INITALIGENCE;

NOM OF LORDS, FRIDAY. nliztraar 17.

AVlite
Raw Spirits
Vine:vac
Molasses
Sugars
S il:s
I 'nu
t and yahoos UM

SIAAVIVV.

The htargais of 1 a petition from the
inhabitants of (bosomy. proyhog the • to wito vette
'magma for the *bon! too of %Liver,.

or

P Poi
Gr. j
In sad

The Earl of TA N Eitl, I ,E presented a similar petitinq from
the Mayor. Burgesses, and other inhabitants of the tower of Ber-
wick-upon-Tweed.
The Alarnuie of L4NSDOWN would net trouble their
Lordships with any observations upon the Important subject of
the following petitions, but hoped their Lordshins would anon take
some measures for the abolition of slivery. Tie Noble Marquis
then presented a petition tenni a body if Protestant Dissenting MI.
sisters, residing in :he cities of Westasinater and London, another
from the inhabitants of Warminster. in Wiltshire, another from
New Mahon, and another from the 31a,yor, Burgesses; and inha-
bitants of Chippenhint, and one trout heanses, all praying for the
abolition of•slavery.
Lord CALTHORPE had petitions sialitar in their object to
those presented by the Noble Marquis; end his Lordship could not
abstain from making a few remarks. Thosepetitions did rot pro-
ceed from insincere or doubtful characters. but they were the result
of a deep conviction oo the part of the petitioners that slavery was
incenalatent with the best interests of the colonies as well as of
this country. When his laweithip RAW the manner in which the
proceedings of Goventment and of Parliament respecting the slave
trade were received in the %Vest.lndis colonies, he entertained a
strong hope that the present Session of Parliament would not pass
without his seeing a substitutive measure introduced either by his
Majesty's Ministers, or some Peer better qualified than himself, to
ameliorate the condition of the slaves brow colonies. When he
considered the respectability of the, petitioners, and that their reso-
lutions were fortified by the voice of the people front all sides of the
country, his Lordship felt confident that Parliament would reflect
seriously open this stilt:A-et, and take It into their early considers,
tioo. Those petitions represent a mass of upright generous
Engi%.ol feeling, and they would be ,powerful auxiliaries 10 their
Lordships in putting down that refractory spirit in which
the Communications of Government and the Acts of Parliament
had been received, and almost rejected by thcse nominal assem-
blies in the West indict; ; he hoped their Lordships would take
steps to enforce those measures. The petitioners had no interest
but justice and humanity, and were on thataccount entitled to the
more respeet. Their Lordships inlaid, he hoped, receive those
Petitions es pledges front the peoplaef cordial ai.nperation in the
cause of humanity. 1118 Lordship diet' presented the following
peutions:—From the inhabitants of Dudley ; from the town o,
Warwick; from West Bromwich, Staffordshire; from a Society.°
B ;mists in Eaton-street, London, all praying for the abolition of
elsvery.

Printu4 °alit°
Ifan.:kerclnefa
•,rtigo
lidos •
lir-MeV*
lAitaehe • rentity of Leaf, and Ilritish and Foreign 311ana-
tatutat Tobsoen:Sevira. wet Snuff:
timalges nf th, t:ofF.T, tend Tobacco, ant the
Ijimait to be seen .a • W.tr.:l‘note, 011 Itroci-street, trout
aiscal, II 7h, to the ":elect. frotti 111 tin 2 o' lock, and on the
I/I SA4I, r." 0.11 II) tin 12 o'rieck, whet.: Ca:alogura may be
r.T.la own.

(2 MAL/1E L I)5.—D ISTR F.SS of the 81 L

Feb. 17, lei&
#1 • ?darn Na of the Ci )MMITTEIi held this day in the
rt B rso., M.P., in the Chair;
Illbsolved, That ag to the very many applicants for relief,
what vp to. this 'tar bare resemd the coacher of 4.146 lases,
sad. oreraeing four to s feurir, amount to 16,504 persona,
rte der/minds on their fords !Inv.! br. o so great that the Com-
mittee ate unt:e- retrzssity of statirg, that unless the Fund
jested at their d..aptasal he promptly And considerably augmented,
fie Committee will he comp.:llM rot only to refuse ell fresh ap.
Kostions, bat t totl.sconii-oe .ttfttrtlirp flintier relief to the d istrese-
Mir mass that nave •1;:•.: wt. tl in their consideration.
•Adeouct sberdy a.try,•Ct..ttl, t9.#3.0 lea,
Bran D;lmar, by . liy NI:V4In/ lirodings ani Co.
Me2o.r..lloait a-t L 25 0 • Jon Irate I)risene, Esq. 151 0
Mrs. A. Alcca:.d.r. by I Rev. C. W. Davy - 2 2
Mr. Il..lford - 3 :; G. CUMllifilg, Erg M.P. 5 0
J. piturj. . .hlt • Ed wird ItsvenuiMl, Esq. 6tl
Mrs Dent, by 11r. Item- Ily Mersrs. Ilernniersieys and
tau

Cr !Le F,nrd Ft.!

A "tilt::
by

Le. I

3 ale Cr

N

, ....
a / 11:;, ~.. I- A t IC-t, , /1---ei. a..6(..f-t-eA___...._ / ( / ,zatt.'...';74‘ --,--
I 7
. , „.......t„, ..
4 1
(
irtilLUA „,„.,, •
( 1 . 7",'''-'.I3;;FT-0` •,,,
4T,r,. prritt 4.7,74
r ,

Pri

7aA

might go on in a state of delusion whilst the bank tlu preset/4
a reineuy. Now, this coil,' never be the ease if there was a
lir. circulation, and it was as clear as light that the Metallic camel
ls:ion would be indetsed by drawing in the bee and tiro pound
bank-notes. But there was another eraisideration which he thoullht
was, or ought to be, overpewertnel and that wet, tbet if an ant:
fortunate crisis of this nature arrived, and in a great commerti
country like ours perhaps it was .no mach to expect that we oa
!away. go on without such an tarenrenee, but in case of such an.
event under present circumstances, lilies) the evil came it was sniff
to fall upon the greet body of the pine. Under such cirett
stances would their Lordships consider the situation of t
poet, man He could not refuse the Lome; He mum be
his daily or his weekly wages, and he dinrot retain the note, for hi
MUM. spend it to supply his daily or his weekly wantr. In 4
country where the banks stopped, such an event was -not ad
all unlikely. In one county seven or eight banks had stopped,
and let their Loedshipe consider the state of the peor inhabhaote of
that spumy, who put their little deposits—the savings perhaps
hard industry into those bank'', and were obliged to hawk about
limb notes, offering them for lode at Stain the pound, and nom dross
et leis, to •purchase the common necesearies of life. This wag
state of things wince' could not exist if we had a metallic currency.
(Hear, hear.) The question no* came to the difficalty of arrielng.
at Ibis metallic circulation. This was certainly the most material
yart of the subject, but he thought the difficulty hal teen muck
overrated. In the first Ogee the preSent situation of the caentry
should not be forgot by their Lordships. It should be remittal
that in this great metropolis and all its dependencies there wee
thing bit a metallic circulatiOn. In Liverpool, a great comma
place, with 'SONO. inhabitants, there wee nothing boo a metallic eft.
dilation. In Manchester, with 010,0e0 inhabitants, thetewas nothing
but atnetellie eirulation. Is short, in that whole Metric', contaiatail •
not has than two millionk of Inhabitants, there was nothing bat if
metallia citellation. 'Taking that district aril themetrepulia, it
be sad that with respect es taut millions of the ir.kirbitanne cd Odd
island, and at team two.thirds of its wealth, there was nothing bat a
no tallte cite/Batton. Nov wit this not prism fisHe vitt/isnot
that there would be no great difficulty in extending a sytte
tem which already prevailed in London and in rte depeo-:
d*nehre sdrffslierna aim saws" tefs beneweled and its dependen deal
If the merits of a paper circulation were eg rim snore would
hare it supposed, that description of circulation would he fount/
more necessary in London than anywhere else, from the extent of
business as well as teem the rapid emulsion of money. he Man.:
cheater where, as he befmenbserved, there is nothing but a metal+ •
currency, an attempt was made to establish a circulation of one and •
two pound notes; but the inhabitants, in his (lend I tiverprors)
oeinion, very much to their credit, re acted the proposal, end chose
to remain where they were. In the measure now About to be pry:
posed, therefore, his 31ajesty's tlovernment had experience at thole •
sine, and there were other facts wbich proved that these would, led
no serious difficulty in executing the proposal. Their Letdthied
pretty well knew what the circulation was when there was no coin,
and what it might still be under similar eircummences. I>uringthe•
operation of the Bank Suspension Act, and before the resimpthea
of cash paynaeins, the amount of circulation was accurately known.'
The circulation of the Bank oh' .linglacd was about seven million&
It was untie difficult to get IA the exact circulation of the comas"
banks ; but from the best calculation he was enabled to make, 00
thought he rather over-rated than under-rated the country Winkel&
culatimi, when he estimated it et six, or at most at seven !Milton&
Ile did oat mean to take a year when there was an extraordinary/
issue, like the last, but taking average yearn—taking, fur instance,
the years 1321, 1822, and 1323, and 11124., the circulation of one and
two pound notes could not be estimated at over fourteen million.
By official returns it appears that there were coined at the mist.
between the years 1819 MOO 1826, in sovereigns and half sovereigns,
twenty-five millions sterling. In one year, he believed 18'21, then
were nine million, and a half coined. From this was to be deducted'
the quantity of coin lawfully exported. Formerly their Lordships
could have had no accurate means of judging the quantity of
coin lawfully exported; ter, by an absurd law, the coin of the realm
could not be lawfully exported, but now there was nn such prohibi-
tion, and the coin of the Crown may be lawfully exported. TIM
- -
