I LAST ta:AND CAPITAL. 3,00

SS 0f.40 Pe 12•11.

Gra•'d Tule, 0152,415 14

•.• The mil eit'or merit of the PlCTini F.*: end GRA N I)
%% INKS. *incb form ily•pe PRIZES, is wnivrraally ackuta-
.tg. The i•OiciAl "Owl.** yr she, late selectable Prem.lent
Lod paiuesral Washers of the Royal Academy was all the
higly,i Prom of praise:
Sir Error*tuts Waslr. Nam "they are tu.rreet sad !wais-
t fisi, abut will be hassoared had admired by .tibiequent aces."
.144"*“ 441 i " bee 1111 dllfirnlly nI 118(11111/g, 11131
1101 *IP brabiorol stiecisiem." Sir tVrt.t.t.am hurrata saa,
" !here Irimao. be tsraor ?leafy* lb. sr sues its; Sre err.
l'"ulY "001 esyshitrly liaiaied and galore." Mr. WARD
",1. "Akre rah be 'bal.**, opining as respects their exert-
-1."." Mr. Asa " bee gnat pleinheie in tykline hie tes-
t ounily to Him sit stir President of the Royal Academy. is
Itb"1"' 1"tli corralielitLitiat he easirtly concurs." Mr.
says, •• thia mode iu which they arc completed, as
P•iv,virs, urw And 14is eious, mud the rel.ol far exceeJ.
sty set/rover pc.idu ccd au Europe."

DATFNT ECONOMICAL and UNIVER-
SAL LA M P.—This inweation embraces every requi-
site to render it a domestic comfort in the more g I use
of Lamps instead of Candles.—The CHAMBER or NIGHT
LIGHT being universally interesting to all Families, and
particularly to many professions, may be hest appreciated
by a fair conipsiison with others which are most resorted to,
we..--the Rush-light, an old servant, but it must be allowed
' • drowsy one, and totally unlit fur motion; the Waxwiek,
stack upon a cork, 11 .attng in oil upon water, of more mo-
dern date, bat must be stationary, subject to the auk catch-
ing fire, tweaking the glass it Ousts in, causing • soffneating
smell, consuming much oil, and a constant expense for the
wick; the Patent Economical Chamber Lamp, no expense
but for oil, and that at the rate of • halfpenny only for eight
„, Mite imam, git Mg a brilliant light, always ready at She
moms at it is omit, il, bearing any motion, mid can be regu-
lated to burst the longest or slimiest night, disappearing io
the morning, without smoke or smell; the price 10s. in
japan stands and 20s. in fancy bronze, and imperial metal at
20s. Tire 42111 C principle applies with peruline advantage to
the larger loops fur the dining table and sideboard, upon a
handsome scale, suited to the affluent, with elegant iambs.
;al., at 5.54. to 10Els.; and for the study, In write or read by
(Sinombia), they are every thing that can be wished at 354.
to 45.. and upon a smslkr scale Vla. 10 305.; these are uni-
vs:sally approved and patronised by Clerkel and other Pro-
feasional Gentlemen, its every part of the Kingdom, and for
all minor uses they are equally desirable. The Grecian
Glass Hanging Lamps for the staircase, passage, to
tory, hail, der. are pesfertly new in test!, and elegantly
simple, from 30a. to 7Si. the latter upon a large scale; in
all these Lamps the same perfection exists, burning the
whole evening without lemming, requiring to 1w replenish-
rsi with rolluis only once in two or three months, and su
simple as to meet the mi.nlion
Sold fur the Palmier, by P. PEARCE and Co. N 0.268,
oppnoile the front of St. Clement's Church, Strand, who, to
meats ipia reputation sf these Lamps (wan the effects of
sithatemied 15th, nre bound to sell none but posiesad genuine
See iirsciro.
14.0"-F•Milies or persons residing iti, or passengers to
sjr West lotus,, South America, Ike. will Sad these
Limps • traliable arquisition, being calculated to harm
Coma Not Oil us well as Spermanti.

FRIDAY, JULY 20.
A number of persons who joined in the Orange
procession on the id of July at Bandon, as well
as some of the inhabitants of the street where the
riot took place, were indicted at the County Ses-
sions, which opened in the Comity Court-house on
Monday last. True. Dills were found ow Friday
by the Grand Ju►y, against some persons of both
parties, and the Court proceeded to their trial at •
about twelve o'clock on that day. Both indict- ,
ments haystqe been read, the travesties on both
sides weregiVen in charge.
There were three indictments :—lst. for riot; the
2d, for unlawful assembly ; and 3d, fur en assault. •
Mr. CORNELL stated the case far the Orange.
men. He appeared, he said, in the double caps. •
city of prosecutor in the first instance, and of de-
fender in the second. The present case load origi.
nated from an occasion, which, he was certain, all
well-disposed persons nowt regret; for his part, he
wished it never had occurred, or the melancholy
mutts to which it gave rise. The Court aud the
Jury must be swore that it was customary, in this
country. for a certain description of persons souwilly
to commemoriste the battle of the Boyne by proces-
sions. This custom had nothing in it flow onus.
suet ; long custom had established it, and it was
considered in no way offensive. for it could certainly
have no tendency, nor was intended, to hurt the
feelings of any class of 'Persona. These processions
took place in the town of Bandon usually on the
first dry of July; but in the present year, in con-
sequence of that falling on Sunday, through re-
spect for the solemnity of the Sabbath, the comme-
moration was deferred to the following day, Moo.
day. On that dry the procession passed thrones
the town of Bandon to Castle-Bernard, the seat of
the Earl of Bandon, and after having there comoli-
*tented the Noble Lord, they proceeded down the
cross-road to Clancool-street, at the bottom of which
they were most unprovokedly assaulted by a body
of persons amnuntiog to 200, who had collected
together at the corner of the street ; for his part, he
could not conceive the object of such a multitude
assembling there, and relinquishing, for en entire
day, their industrious pursuit., except by premedi-
tation, and for the purpose of committing the
assault fur which they stood indicted ; state of the
party who thus interrupted the procession were
armed with guns and stones; when violently as-
exulted, and after they had borne in patience for
some minutes the outrageous attack, the persons of
the procession were compelled, in their own de-
fence, to fire upon the assailants ; an effect fol-
lowed this necessary act, which every one must
lament ; some persons of both parties were wound-
ed, and an unhappy woman lost her life; both sides
suffered severely in the scuffle, and the Jury were
solemnly celled upon, on their oath•, to say who
were the aggressors. Ile cared not of what descrip-
tion of persons the Jury was composed; whether
Catholics, or Probstelits, or Dissenters; he oily
demanded justice of them, and he reckoned confi-
dently on their integrity to afford it. Any man
who had read the newspapers of the metropolis
must be Astonished that processions to comme-
morate the battle of the Boyne could. at this day.
give offence. An instance was stated in these jour-
nib (he believed on the authority of a highly re.
spectable character, the Earl of Fingal). where the
members of an Orange procession and the Catholics
of the neighbourhood set down to dinner in the
utmost harmony. He should not detain the Court
longer; the evidence which he should produce
would confirm the statement which he lied made,
and he looked, with the utmost confideisce, for u
verdict from the Jury.
James Salter, sworn—Stated that he lived in
Bandon; remembered the Id of July (the pre•
sent mouth); is a cotton.weaver ; there was a pro-
cession of Orange Lodges in Bandon on the 4d
July ; witness was not in the procession, but along
with many others he accompanied them to Castle
Bernard, the seat of the Earl of Bandon. On the
'vitro of the procession, they were met ut the cross
of Gallows-bill-street by about two hundred per-
sons, armed with stones end firm-arms; they made
an attack on the procession witliont any offence
being given; heard no offensive or reproachful
terns* used by the Orangemen; it was the foremost
part of the procession which wits first attacked ; two
persons afterwards brought firelocks and presented
them before any thing was done by the persons in
tl►e procession; the Orange party, in their owe de.
fence, then commenced an attack; a general at-
tack then ensued on both sides ; unloose% the per.

ably s,.
length by Counsellor O'llsoAsi.—The ttainsaction
took place on Monday the 2i of July, and witness
did nut swear tirforin.itiona till Friday following;
two of the men against whom lie lodged informa-
tions are at home wounded; he pointed out but
ten io the duck, though he swore against twenty ;
can swear positively against thenjonarr," Can ylsit
swear against any others of tho'e in the dock
?"
Witness remained silent, and would give no answer.
Where are the other right men ?"—" I be-
lieve these are more of them in the dock."—" Do
you think the duty imposed on you by the oath
you h ive taken is to swear against as many as you
like, said to save the others?"—" Yes." The Pro-
cession was composed of Orangemen ; Catholics
would not be admitted into the Lodges.--" Did
you ever hear the Orangemen's oath admitriblered ?"
—" Repeat I can't explain it
to you,"
After witness had refused three or four times to
answer the question, and after Mr. Connell, his
Counsel, sought to protect him from giving a re-
ply, the Court ruled what he ought to answer—
" What was the substance of the Orangeman'a oath
which you heard administered ?"—After some he-
sitation—" To support his Majesty, his heirs, and
successors, and not to injure any man fur his religi-
ous opinions."--" Will you swear there was nothing
else in the oath you heard ?"—" Yes."—" Will yoe
swear that the moth was to support his M.sjesty
.conditionally ?"—" 'Tis five years since I heard it
sworn, and I
cannot how say."—" How then does
it differ from the oath of allegiance ? '—" I never
heard the oath of allegiance."—" Yon took the
Orangeman's oath ?"--- " Yes."—" And not the
oath of allegiance?"—" Never."—There were three
Lodges in the procession, not eonsisoing of 100 pee-
aons ; when they got to Castle Bernard they had •
-cannon; many of the persons who accompanied the
procession had guns and pistols; some of die'
Orangemen had fire-arms. There was a change io
.the Orange system absent two years ago, arid the
. Oraugeinen did not recognise the old ;—there
*are four trees ',hinted in the town of Bandon on
.the lit of July; one of the trees had a pietist, of
William 111. hanging on it; it was opposite Mr.
Horoibrook, the Magistrate's house; at Castle Betas
need the procession stopped and gave Lord itEedoe*
three collies and cheers; the trollies were from the
cannon and small arms; witness did not handle a
pistol or gun till II o'clock that night ; accomp•-
•aied procession for 20 years; went that day duets
the cross-road, which they never did beforej
nine-tenths of the iiihabitains of that part of the
town are Catholics; the caution went before them
down the cross-road, and the procession heard that
the people were prepared at the cross-road tore
battle, if they went down that way, notwithstat tag
which they proceeded there; witness heard that ogle
of the Orange Lodges separated at Castle road•
after leaving Castle Bernard, and went home peace•
obly and unmolested ; at the hill of the cross-road
the caution was loaded, and the guns and pistols
were rammed and primed; when leaving the Castle'
,
road it was that they heard the people would attack
them if they went the cross-road, but they did not
appear to believe it; the Orange party never went
the cross-road before ; the cannon was fired ret the
cross, but swears it was a blank-cartridge; swears
it was fired but once ; doeu not know who fired it,
or whether it was phosphorous or fire was applied
• to it ; saw James Sealy and Donovan in die precrs-
'ion ; saw Appleby iii the party with orange collar,
; saw many wiudows broke in the street, and
believes they were broken by the Orangemen.
Willi stn Dudley—Was in Bandon on the 2d
July ; accosnpsoied the Orange procession to
Castle Bernard ; they went there to pay a compli-
ment to Lord Bitidoti ; on their return they went
down the cross-road ; when the Orangemen c.iine
near the cross-road they heard that they were to be
attacked ; they went down notwithstanding, and
were uttscked ; was not at the commencement ;
when he Caine up he saw Tim. Hurly advancing
with a gun ; a number of stones were likewise
thrown ; the rooms were thrown at the procession ;
saw Denis Neil throw a stone ; cannot say how
many were collected at the Croas ; thinks about
from 100 to 150; before the stones were thrown
no offence was given by the Orangemen ; their
object was to go and pay a compliment to the Rev.
Mr. Jervois.

On his cross-examination by Counsellor FRANCIS
M'CARTHY, the witness could not say *ho com-
menced the attack ; wes not foremost in the fight ;
he did not seethe young woman who waarnurdered ;
heard some shots fired before he come to the cum;
there were he believed a dozen shots fired ; 1 shots
were fired from the cannon, and he heard front the
Orange party that stones were pot into it and then
fired ; some of the procession fired, and thinks there
II were from a dozen to twenty gnus and pistols ; the
Oraogemen never went that way before; before
they left the Castle•road they heard they would be
attacked if they went that way; saw Appleby and
Dinneen at the plaice; Joshua Donovan was there,
and James Sealy hod a fowling piece or musket;
understood the reason why they went to Lord Ban-
don this year was to give him a royal salute; when
the proposal was made to go down the cross-road,
some of the people went away, because they did
not like to have any difference; the others thought
differently; the Orange party that persevered ex-
' pected as attack ; the party who came down the
Castle-rued were not attacked ; the others carried
the cannon with them; heard that if the Oteuge-
see went dowu the eras-road they would be at.

'" -

, tacked ; believes it was to brave she people they
went down that wry ; never knew the people of
Bsedsli attack the Orangemen before.
"Are you an Orangeman f".—" I can't *newer."
.• " Did yoa ever bear the Orangutan's oath ad-
Ministered 1"--" Yes ; five months ago."
'' What is the substance of it ?"—" To support
the Kills and Constitution." •
" Is there any more?"—" I will out tell any
■lre.".
The Cstert insisted on his giving a reply..
"Is there any more ?" (Alter a putess)—re
cannot reeollect any more." .
Mier they heard they would not be suffered to
pass the Cross, the cannon was loaded.,
George Diemen remembered the 2d of July,
when the Orange processiou «ent to Castle Ber-
nerd, and cal at the cross-road aid, them; at a
iutle below the rise of the hill atones were thrown
at the provessioo by a crowd
.of permits, cum:icing
of upwards of 200; the thaligeluen gave nc
offence to them; raw stews thrown I,y -- Hayes,
'John Murphy, Denis Neil. John Loan, Theo I y
Desmond, Timothy Sullivan, and Dan. Dusty ;
two of the stones struck within; before the attack
witness went towards Hayes audit's-sired him to re-
tore, on wind! •flriyes flung a stone at him, and
called hiii . "As :sou of a stones were
thrown by Portrait the persons who eicompailiert
the procersion dawn the hill, and who thee ran to th,e
opposite side ; uo shots wire fired htlore the attack
was made, for orders had been glace that these
should be no firing nor squibs fur fear of giving
offence.
Cross-examined by Mr. O'aaoae—ls a trades.
man, a sailor, a.,d it the times were good rod that
he bad employineet he might possibly earn Is. ed.
per day ; the id of July was of Monday, and wit-
ness had all orange lily in his list. and .a ►use in his
bresat ; as he went to the Croft he did siotealwet
any attack as hr did not hear it spoken of, nor diti
he olas-rve the lodge diet went ■way quietly': he
dud Ise hear that the lodge went off the CA..le-10.01
as the nearest way to the lodge-room ; the otter
Orangemen were likewise going to their lodge-
►oom by the Cross-road, as the most convenient; he
dirt not know if it was louger or shorter than the
other way ; the Orangemen never went that way
before ; witnem was ninoisgst the foremost aihrti the
stones were throat' ; disremembers Salter being
there; disremembers seeing Satter before ; did not
are any one go to remooatrate with the people but
himself; the citation was drawn by ropes; had
talked with Salter about the present tiantoction,
bet entirely disremembers what Stroud to I
Elias Kistmouth—Lives within five houses of the
Cross; row the Orangemen come down on the 24
ofJuly ; when she heard that the Orange Lodgsit
were going to Castle Beroard, she tame opt and
saw men gathering stones and saying, " If they
got these stones in their temples, they could riot
tell who threw them ;" stones wore throws' before
the Orangemen came to the Cross; the people
went to meet the Orangemen ; she begged them to
put away the stones ; they refused, and said, '4 they
would have satisfaction for their cut nnn g that way ;
they ought to go the toad-couch road ; Wolof thr7
wanted, and blood they would hare;" the Cleaner
party did nothing before• the stones were throat';
spoke to Cummins that %would be bad work, aid
she saw him throw storm; had her itifent u► her
arms all the time.
This enmities crosseestamination by Mr. F.
M'CARTHY was very itiert —ller husband, she
said, was in the town on the td of July ; she never
hard that any of either pasty had fire-arms; liar
did she hear any shots; she never heard of a cannon
bring there, or heard it fired; bred within five
doers of the Cross ; did not hear of a woman being
killed, but read it on the oewspareis; did net hear
a single shot fired that der.—TA geueral feeling or
disgust ma-dented itself here.]

Mr. F. 111•CARTHY—" Make way fur the Lady;
you may go down, Madam ! !"
John Cotter—Lives in Bandon ; is • Pence
Officer ; reinetnbers the. 2d of July; utreurfe.l the
()gauge procession that day au a peace Alter ;
went with them to Castle Bernard ; they there
fired three shots in compliment to toed Bandon ;
gave no offence to any one; there was nothing iky.
ticulAr in the procession, or in their dresit, more
than was usual, on that day; when they came to
the turn or the cross-road, two Lodges went up the
Cross-road, another went down the Casth-road as
they !rid come ; wither,' timnght there was some-
thitig wrong in the division; Will afraid that some-
thing bad woold take place; they went on to Gal.
io.s.fioll Cross; witness got on as mach sa possi-
ble before them for fear of riot ; when about 20
yards from the Cross, he saw men awl women pick-
big stones ont of a stream in the street; as the pio.
cession approached, a shower of stones, or rather a
volley of them, were thrown; this was the cow-
ntettortneot of the trot; witness was in front as :4
1 peace officer ; be would not know three of the en-
tire patty.

Cross-examined by Mr. O'REGAN.—Is 12 years
a resident of Bandon, and saw twelve Orange pro.
cessions ; the processions are offensive to Catholic-,
at least he thinks they would rather the processions
dad tint take place; rennet, thought whets this
Orangemen came to the South Mani-street, they
would stop, es usual, for twelve years that he hail
known them ; they went, however to the Castle-
gate to pay a compliment to Lord Bandon, be
firing some shots ; they fired three shots; as
pence officer he tried ss much as possible to prevent
further firing; there were net twenty persons fired;
some woolen only have fired, as. wittwes saw women
there tiring pistols ; he dud not recollect if they
wore riWiands ; could sot say if there was • mus-
ket at Castle Bernard gate ; swore on another oc-
casion that there was one gun; at the Cross he saw
a gun in the bands of James Seely, but did not
see him fire; at the turn from the Castle-rued the
three lodges wades kind of halt for Sae tninates ; one
lodge separated, sud was not molested ; did not
heat. then that a .riot *cold take place if the
Orangemen went down the cross-road, but heard it

~~

Id

1

r.

1

i

_

1 V"
‘1
14

~~1

DUBLIN, Jct 24.

afterwards; heard no one defying the Orangemen,
as sworn by the last witness; the houses where the
lodges met were in town, and the cross-road was
the most inconvenient way to go to them; it was
much more inconvenient than the Castle-road.
Witness went to the Cross the night of the first of
July as a peace officer, fur he heard that the people
ref the Cross had planted.• tree, and if they had, he,
peace officer, would have torn it down; there
were fiee.planted 14 the Orangemen, end he did
not meddle with them, nor would he if they were
standing t4l now the eginton was fired three times
tit theCrosi, bat he -did not koow by • hom ; he
heard and believes that stones were put into it ; was
'tired each minus towards the people at the Cross ;
stwre were women as the Cross, but does not think
there were. forty. Usiiplon ii a very quiet town ;
aloes not know if she Kiii and Constitution depend
for their support .00 the Orangemen; heard the
Orange oath 'aettniuistered; its substance was to
hear true allegiance• to George the Third sod his
successors.. 11 this 'allegiance unconditional ?"
s' What do you mean?"-" After the words George
the Third and tuts successors,- are not there these
or like words,•so Isisg is he end they --" "As
long as he slid they, what ?"—" /Is lung es he and
.thel,soppnrt the Protestant Ascendancy in Church
end State r"—A-Iter *nine hesitation, " Yes; there
i. ii im•ihntg of that kind its it."
The case for the Orangemen, who were proseca-
Ura in the first instance, closed here.
O'RroAw suggested to the Court, that from
Ave length -of the trial, and the late hour of the
...seising (8 o'clock) to which it turd already ea-
:tended, it might be no inconvenience it' the Coed

s4jentrued to the aext day.
After aquae conversation the Jury were requested
to Intend at 1 I u'elock ou the next day, Saturday,
at which hour the trial would he resumed.
The trail lasted on Saturddy front I I to 4, at
which hour tile Jury retired. .

The Jury, after having been enclosed 'shoed en
)1011f. come into Comet, owl, t hrough their Foremen,
Mr. C...pintogrr, declared that there was not the
slightest probability that they could ever agree,
n•lierrntton it was mutually agreed by the Coutiael
sod the Ag•ut• on both sides, that the !turtles

he discharged front cmtody, and they 'acre
.‘lnielunged accordingly.
The 'limber of persons on Iriul were eight of the
Orange party and ten country people.
As the men were shout to le,tve the Court, one
sif the Orange putty was pointed out to the Sheriff
as a versos) agaiust whom inforinalinns for murder
kid been sworn. and he was Celled 011 to detain
him. The Sheriff declined, without a warrant for
hti apprehension were.given to him.

•Dirriog the Royal Vent to this city the* will b•
series of balls at the Rotunda rooms, under the
patronage of the Lord- Lieutenant, and • the follow-
ing Lathes . -
The Lady Mayoress, the Thirties. of Leiagter, Caunteaces
.Ormnade, Clan...card., Meath, AIRSO, Longford, Farnham,
and Wlckluir Ytacounteeses Allen, Northland, and Nloaut-
joy ; Ladies Aylmer, Brand**, Kolmaine,Clooenrry, Dowager
lady Rolemore, Lady Itoassnore, Manners, M. Sean,' F.
-Ystesekur, Bearer,
J. Loftus, A. Gregory, cte. ass.
Sir Charles Coots, of Ballyfin, has onesounced
himself a candidate for The seat in the representa-
tion of the Queen's County. vacant by the elevation
of the Hon. W. W. Pole to the Peerage; and
T. U. Skelington, of Oriel Temple, for the seat
in the representation of theCOunty of Louth, vacant
by the elevation of Mr. Foster to the l'eerage.
THE LORD LIEUTENANT'S PUBLIC BREAKFAST
IN HONOUR OF HIS MAJESTY'S CORONATION.
" High as public expectatiou had been raised by
the preparations for One delightful fete, they were
more than realised," says The Patriot. Forty large
.marqesta were pitched io.sio txten-ive semi-circle,
on the beautiful lawn behind the Vice-Regal resi-
dence—the Lodge itself!. with its shrubberies, &c.
forming the cord of the arch. . Each tent was laid
out so as to accommodete about twenty persons ;
the tables were covered with a profusion of the
choicest viands—confectionery of the most tasteful
ilescriatioti, cold meats, fruits, ices, ate. with a most
uhundant supply of cbampaigne, and ether wines of
the best quality.
Each tent was numbered, and given in charge
to an Aide-de-Camp mother officer or his Excel-
lency's household, who was to do the honours of
it. In the centre stood a tent of larger dimensions,
capable of containing forty persons, fur the or-com-
mand ition of his Excellency, and those whose rank
entitled them to he of his more immediate party.
Around the area were displayed the flags of the
principal nations of the globe—while above all,
and proudly conspicuous, the royal standard of
Britain floated from the centre of the grand portico
to the Lodge—" Velta inter lees Lana 'Wooers"
—supported by two Union Jacks, which waved
from each angle of the building. Festoons of
evergreens and artificisl flowers connected the dif-
ferent tents, flag-staffs, &c.; and the whole had
a most superb and pleasing effect. The fine
bands of the e3.tl and trid regiments were plated
within the area, and played some charming
pieces of music; a number of bugles -belonging to
one of the light infantry corps were judiciously
posted among the trees at some distalice, from
whence they were heard to the greatest advantage :
a band of !tandems also contributed to enliven the
scene. A large temporary bolding was likewise
erected for the use of the dancers, hiving an ele-
sated II ror chalked ; the roof, pillars, &e. decorated
with evergreens and artificial flowers.
The company began to arrive a little after three,
and the carriages continued setting down the guests,
without intermission, until past five o'clock, by
which time nearly 800 permit, had reached the fes-
tive arene. The company were -received by his
E. Ai; ith that dignified urbanity and delight.

N Irelend,!! drank also with tapiations acclaim.
tions, the bends playing " Patrick's Day." •
Soon after the appearance of Mt. Simatirs bead.
of violins gins* the itgsqlfor danciog, and altumber
of gam-drill sets were- speedily formed. the-
dancing eta kept its without intermission till past
eight--when, the company began to break V.
highly gratided with the tout ensentbk of the day.
Tea, coffee. and other refreshments were provided
within the Lodge, for those who wished to partake
of them.
An immense number of well-dressed persons wit.
ne,eed the gay scene from the Park, among whom
the greatest order and decorum prevailed.
Among' the novel circumstances which marked
the deleting, one attracted much notice from its
characteristic' nationality. A lady, well known in
this city as the zealous and indeletigable promoter
of every plan fur the improvement of the people or
the relief of•the distressed, appeared in a dress of a
new species of figured tabinet, wiouglit purposely
for the present happy occasion, under the direction
of a benevolent institution in the vicinity of Dublin,
for the purpose of spewing to what a high state of
perfection the well-directed hand of patriotism and
charity could elevate the manufacture of this
country.
The example will no doubt be universally imi.
toted. The pattern of this beautiful fatnic is pe-
culiarly well chosen, it is a combination of the three
national emblems, the shamrock, the oak leaf, sod
the thistle, forming an elegant emblem of that cor-
dial union of sentiment which is the distinguishing
feature of the approaching happy era—his Majes.
ty's visit to this countre.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

Dowager and her august (laughter, also appeared.
After • short interval the deputation of the Cortes
arrived, and war. received with a salute from the
guns of the• whole scpuidron en its entering the
ships, the music pined
the constitutional 'hymn.
His Majesty received the deputation standing,
the latter saluted him with an inclination of the
head, which he returned. The Archbishop of
Bahia made a speech, to which his•Majestv listened
very attentively, interrupting him once by speak-
ing to him. The deputation afterwards returned,
and the King held a Council of State, consisting
of Senors Pinheiro, Monteiro, Tores, and Quin.
tells, his Secretaries, that they might examine the
bases of the Constitution which the Deputation
had presented to him.
The Secretary, l'inheiro, read the articles, which
were analysed as he proceeded. In the warmth of the
discussion, which lasted two hours and a half, M.
Quiniellit seemed the most agitated (or siigry,
alterado). His Majesty resolved to land, but mean
time there was another Council of State, which sat
, but • short time.

TOIWKINS'S PICTURE LOTTERY THIS DAY AT
THREE O'CLOCK.—A RED AND A BLACK
TICKET (31. 3s. EACH) ARE SURE OF A PRIZE.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,

SATURDAY. JULY 2s, mi.

Vie have received Paris Papers of Tuesday last,
and find with sorrow that they, like those that pre-
ceded them, abound with statements of cruelties
practised by the Turks. In every part of the
empire the same spirit seems to actuate these in-
human barbarians, for in every place, acting as if
by concert, the populace and soldiery murder the
unarmed and unresisting Christians. They seem
to he impelled by a kind of demoniac frenzy, for
their rage extends even to their own serious injury ;
they are not satisfied with glutting their thirst of
blood upon the bodies of the wretched Greeks, but
they set fire to their property and houses, and rie-
stroy large portions of their finest cities. The city
of Sidonis, which was computed to contain 30,000
Christian inhabitant'', has been burnt by the Turks,
who put to the sword all the mule Christians capa-
ble of bearing arms, and sold the ermine!' and
children to slavery. The work of death end de-
struction is not confined exclusi►ely to the Greeks,
all Christians of every country and denomination
are alike objects of hatred and violence to the
Turks, an that although the Greeks are ostensibly
pursued as the only victims of their cruelty, they
confound all Christians in their indiscriminate
slaughter. It is calculated, that in the late massacre
and conelegration at Smyrna, upwards of 12,000
Christians' fell beneath the poniards of the Matto-
metans. These barbarians do not affect to conceal
their purpose of exterminating the Christian name
within the dominions of the Porte, and of deterring
all persons of the Christian religion from ever seek-
ing to fix a residence there. The local government
of Smyrna seems to have endeavoured, though in
vain, to prevent the excesses of the ferocious mob
and soldiery, and the principal military officer of
the town fall ■ victim to his humanity; but there
can be no doubt that in Constantinople the brutal
violence of the Ottoman troops and populace was
encouraged by the undisguised approbation of the
cruel monster who disgraces the name of Sovereign.
Nothing can be imagined more inhumatily cruel, or
prove more clearly the vindictive sanguinary spirit
of the Ottoman Government, than the severe pro-
hibition imposed upon the Greek inhabitants of
Constantinople, preventing them from leaving the
scene of blood, tied seeking for safety by retiring to
some other place. It appeared as if the Grand
Seignor and his Divan were apprehensive of suffer-
ing some of their destined victims to escape—of
losing the exquisite delight of witnessing the tor-
tures and deaths of these miserable creatures; they
therefore adopted the most effectual method of pre-
venting uny of the Greeks from leaving Constan-
tinople, either by land or sea, and at the same time
denounced time most cruel punishments against all
who might be detected in endeavouring to effect
their escape. Some few individuals are said to
have succeeded in eluding the vigilance of their
gaolers, and arrived at Odessa and other places of
safely, but thousands of the Greek nation residing
is Constantinople have sunk under the asord of
their oppressors, wink the wretched few also re-
main are still fated to tremble in the apprehension
of falling immediate victims to the next paroxysm
of Malioistian fury, without the remotest chance
of eluding their enemies by flight, or of success-
fully resistiug them by force. It would be a signal
act of mercy to these miserable beings if some of
the Cluistion Powers of Europe were to prevail
upon the Porte to permit all who desired it to
leave Constantinople.

In the mean time it is some consolation to find
that the spirit of opposition to the Turkish power

roust satisfy us of the general progress of the
Great( towards the attainment of freedom, if in
the males we find the accounts received from the
scene of action concurring in representing the Turks
as being shut up in a few fortresses of Greece, while
the insurrection of the people extends throughout
the open countries, and the sea is occupied by their
cruisers. The wishes of the Greeks cannot be
doubted ; their physical courage is unquestionable,
but they want the firmness of. mind, the perse-
verance and energy that are essential to the attain-
ment of freedom. Their last hopes of success
seem to us to rest upon the weakness of their
enemies, and the prospect the the Great Christian
Powers of Europe, struck with horror and indig-
nation at the atrocities of the Turks, will interfere
on behalf of suffering humanity, and rescue the
wretched Greeks from their dreadful thraldom.—
This would be an achievement worthy of a mighty
nation—one of those glorious events which, as
they occasionally occur through the long lapse
of ages, fix the admiring eyes of mankind for
ever, ■nd enable the moralist and the philoso-
pher to entertain better thoughts of our specks,
by strewing that we are not totally devoid of
the finer sympathies which ennoble our nature.
The nnworthy sufferings of a large portion of our
fellow-creatures, doomed by the remorseless cruelty
of a Government which i■ bound to protect them,
to endure the severest calamities of which they
are capable, demand the merciful consideration
of all other people. The deference that belongs
in ordinary cases to independent governments
can have no influence in this case of Turkey,
for the Porte has violated the first principle of
government, and by refusing protection to a par-
ticular class of its subjects, has deprived itself
of every right to urge the pled of independence. It
would be mere selfishness to say that other nations
hail no concern in the sufferings of the Greeks.
The claims of humanity acknowledge no local or
artificial distinctions of society ; they belong to
no particular degrees of latitude. The fine
links of social sympathy that bind the race of
man within one magic chain are not broken
or dissolved by mountains or. eivers, and the shock-
ing outrages inflicted upon the Greeks, or the hor-
rible apprelsensiosis of Nailer sufferings which are
suspended over them, appeal no less directly to
our warmest feeling' than does the condition of the
poor Africans, in whose behalf we have thundered
at the Council Chamber of every Cabinet in Europe.
All we should look for would be to set free the
Greeks who are confined ■s victims for sacrifice
within the walls of Constantinople, and to give an
independent government to the southern provinces
and the islands of the Archipelago. Turkey would
still remain • formidable power, but it would pro-
bably become more humanized io spirit. At all
evenly, the independence of Greece would ensure •
large portion of comparative happiness to some mil-
lions of human beings.

An officer of distinction, stow in London, has
jest received a letter from Bombay, front which the
following is en extract A letter from Shiraz,
of the 17th March last, confirms the report of an
attack having been made upon General Smith im-
mediately on his landing, in which siz officers were
killed and wounded."

We lately noticed a riot at Bandon, in conse-
quence of the Orange proceedings of the 2d July,
in that town. Several persons who joined in the
procession, and also several inhabitants of the street
in which the riot took place, were indicted for tlie
offence. The trial of the latter commenced at the
County Sessions held in the city of Cork on Friday
se'nnight. The Orange Society is something •
kin to the Mock Constitutional Atkociatios in
its offectation of excessive loyalty, and it is worthy
of remark that the result of this trial at Cork, in
which the Orangemen were prosecutors, corresponds
exactly with that of the late prosecution instituted
by the Mock Constitutional Society in London.
The trial conommeneed at twelve o'clock on
Friday, sad continued until eight o'clock in
the evening, when the case for the prosecution
closed. It was resumed on Saturday, and at four
o'clock en that day the Jury retired, but finding
it impossible to agree on a verdict, they were
discharged, and the traversers were immediately
dismissed. The Ktmo's visit to Ireland, as a proof
of his kind and paternal feeling towards that coun-
try, must be a source of pride and congratulation.
It must revive its drooping spirit, and give increased
ardour to its loyalty and attachment to the Royal
person ; but in no relation do we anticipate more
advantage from the honour thus conferred, than in
the effect it must have in allaying the heat of pre-
judice and diasipating party distinctions. His MA-
JESTY, in drawing more close the ties that unite
that country to himself, will unite Irishmen more
closely to themselves. In his own person he has re-
cently given the most decided proofs of • mind free
from all party spirit. Those who would look up to

On Thur-day eveiling his MA4ESTY had a nu.
merotis and grand dinner party ar his Palace in
Pall-mall, given principally to lbe Foreign linoces
and others of distinction. sent here ou special no--
sions from the different Sovereign. and Govern-
ments to be present at the KING'. Coronation, and
to meet them all the Foreign Autbasmidors and
Ministers were tnvue.l, as were their Royal fliglo.
urines the Dukes of YORK, (I.ARENCI, sod CAM.
•RIDGE, the Mircpiis nt LONDONDERRY, to Se-
cretery of State tOr Fore, go Afrans ; the Duke of
WELLINGTON, as being in-rsonally known to nm?
of the diiiiitiguished .111*1-114 liens I torn hos 'wig its,.
deuce abroad. fhr liiike of al o wraoss was to
attendance on the KING.

The ttate.ronuis weft. (veiled on the occasion, i:L
which the royal tiailtiet wits supplier/. The Page•
and other atrendailt appeared In their slate uni.
forms, the livery servants In their state liveries.
The royal and itisiirigui.lietl Insley broke op a little
before eleven u'clock, when his AlaassTY and his
distinguished glit.".ts proceeded Lo honour Princess
EsTi.alisztr with their cwnpmy at her splendid
party.

PRINCESS ESTERIIAZT'S GRAND BALL AND

SUPPEn.

Princess Priterhaty gave one of the most etrgant RON of
the season on Thursday evesitig, at Chmidos-bouar, Caves-
di►h.square. The magnificent mite drawiag.rooms were
moot brilliantly illummatcd; the priucipal one was fitted up
with unipte taste for Jawing : the whole of them wry. de-
conned with Miriam and she choicest Sower.. His Majesty.
having signified his imeation of honouring her Serene High-
ness with his company, aro iced stout a quarter-pi cli veu
o'clock in his priviite carriage, accompanied by Sir Benja-
min RI field, and was received by her Serene Hight,. sa
iin his alighting born hi. carriage, who cooduccd him to
she ball room, where he was molt rapturou►ly received
Daiicing immediately consniemz-ed. The stopper, which con-
sisted of every delicacy is. gestapo, wee amiseuneced about
lislf-past one. His Majesty took his leave at half-put two.
We are 'testified to mate, that lie looked weenie!y well, and
was in high spirits. 'I heir lc e ueorlyfour hundred persons
of the first rank ❑nd .1 stinrtion present. To enumerate
them would he to name ail the leading pemmuages is sown.
lii. Royal Highness Hie Duke of lksik, the D.ke cud
Ihichess of Clareuce, the Duke of Cambridge, her Royal
Highness Princes" ♦ugusta, and her Royal Highness the
Princess Sophia of Gloucester, were also pretest.

...r. '••' ~ •
0vi..,:16 ..,41
.I*euit.
A.... A t
f 04 ee 4,
~...e.04".,
i. , ....:•...,.. ....- 14... a f 42

HIS MdJESTYS DINNER PARTY.
