BADEN AND BAVARIA.

EXTRACT FROM ♦ FRITATR LETTER. DATED
•ii.LA-LMAFELLR. OCTOBER 12, ISIS.

The days for the grand reviews of the Army of
Occupation are not yet fixed, but that they will
take place before the 20th instant is still generally
believed by the best-informed people. It is now
said that all the troops will be collected into one
place, and reviewed together. The Allied Sove-
reigns will attend, accompanied by most of the
persons in their suites now at Aix-la-Chnpelle.—
One ressoh why the time is not yet fixed may be
the late indisposition of the Emperor Alexander;
and another, more probable still, the delay that
must occur in determining on the arrabgemeats for
the surrender of the fortresses, and the routes by
which the different contingents are to retire !wine.
The Emperor is now quite recovered from his ill-
ness, and yesterday attended divine service in his
chapel. His disorder. arising, it is supposed, from
drinking the waters of this place, yielded to simple
remedies, his mode of life being such as seldom
to require remedies of any kind. Ills intention of
visiting his sister at Spa is again resumed, and he
will probably go thither to.dsy or to.morvow. He
has been riding about this morning for his recrea-
tion. lie will therefore he able to proceed to the
grand review, as soon as the preparatory arrange-
ments are concluded. A. connected with the eva-
cannot' of France and the retiring of the troops, 1
may take the opportunity of contradicting a re-
port copied into a journal of this place, from
another German journal. The article its ques-
tion you may probably already have received ;
mid it is important, from tit% circumstanee that
it must have been permitted to appear with the
authority of the censorship. It is dated Upper
Rhine, Sept. Q 6, and is as follows :—" The read of
the Baden °nicer*, subaltern', and soldiers, ou fur.
lough. to their standards, is an important and 'bilk-
iny, piece of intelligence. All the regiments have
received orders to hold themselves in readiness to
march at the first notice. The Lstidwehr are like-
wise to be called out. and by the Ist pf October
30,000 Baden troops will be tinier arms. The im-
mediate motive of this measure is not certainly
known : according to reports, the movements of the
Bavarian troops are the cense. We ate assured that
a consideralt:e corps of Barariaus will be collected
in Virurzburg ; and the Baden Governintist has
relllloll to suspect that they contemplate the nil.
litany occupatilti of the Palatinate of the Rhine.
Strong garrisons will therefore be placed in this lait
.province, particularly at Matilteim, Heidelberg, &c.
and considerable cantonments established on the
frontiers, to prevent any Military occupati,m of the
country, at least till the decision of the Powers is
known. A stronger hope limn ever is entertained
at Curlsruhe (the capital of Batten), that the Comte
of St. Petersburgli and Berlin will exert their inter-

feriae' are Ammar of Ilacle.ir."—". in altis way air ex-
celhont: tioproatis,ity," odds the Ant-losChapelle
paper. a is offered for atationitE stone of the troops
of tfi crepricting 'Amy of Occuustioti in the ritigh.
bonthoitil of Praia*, without giving Umbrage to
any. Power." '
Sofa* as shisltrtiele referi to the Bossion- troops.
there p an fiundstion whatever fur the 'tumour of
the speculation. Russia certainly feels it • coniii4er-
able hardship to send he troops home at this season
of the year, when' 'addition to the moil iticonveiti..
nicest:fa long sli4 painfil march, they may have to
encounter the inclemeticies of the weathei, while Lbi
other contingents of the Anny of Gecupation May
reach their own territory; in it short time. Import-
ant, however, as this pcint is to the comfort and
health or the tiorips, it is not for a moment to be put
is eomparisose with the ineouSenienees that nstiltt re.
suit-from those • misconstructinon and •jesioisien
which the stationing of a. bpdy of Russian troops
in the heart of Europe might becasion. Russia,
we are therefore sasured, has resolved 'to submit to
the nectinly of sending her troops home at once t
they will must of them probably winter in Poland.
It is obvious that no advantage could be gained
from a temporary stay of so small a portion of there
in Baden, as is here contemplated ; while the
whole would, besides excitius e!arm and distrust
in Europe, put the coomiy of the Elector to its.
' coavenikuce, and site Russian treasury to additional
extreme. The other implied object of assisting
Baden spinet the invasion from Bavaria.. is
perfectly out of the question. The resistance
of • small state like Baden to that of Bavaria
would be equally absurd and unavailing, • tinlets
it was aided by the justice of its cause, and support-
ed by the alliance of the authors of the hue arrange-
enent,tif Europe. The former has only 758 square
leagues of territory, with a poptilatrou of little
more titan 1,000,000, an army of 10.000, and a re-
venue of about 500,000/. sterling; whereas its com-
paratively powerful opponent is posseseed of e square
surface or territory, amounting to upwards of 1,000
square leagues, a population of 3,600,000, an army
of between 50,000 and 60,000 men, and a revenue
of nearly 4,000,000/. sterling. But any thing like sit
actual contest, in the present state of things, cannot
fur a moment be contemplated. The first cannon
fired in Europe, in opposition to the arrangements
of the Congress of Vienne 9r Paris, would blow
away the seal of all their acts; Tod the Allied
Powers have shewn too moth unaminity of princi-
ples • and views in their present negotiations, to
allow the slightest suspicion that their orrangemeitts
for a general and permaneut peace can be broken
through, by what, in comparison of the late strug-
gle out of which they have come, might, in the
words of- Mr. Hume, be c.111:(1 is war "
tweeu the kites and the crows." As. how-
ever. the differences between these two German
States excite at present a good deal of attention,
and will most probably call for the interference
of Congress, it May not be uninterrating to allude
in a fete Words to their origin, and Otis save your
readers, who take an interest in such question., the
trouble of reading the frothy baok of NI. Mignon,
whiCh has been translated into German. and read
here with avidity. In 1813, when the King of
Bavaria joined the alliance against that Power
which conferred upon him the regal title', and en-
larged his territory to enable hint to support it with
dignity, it :ias stipulated in the Treaty of Hied,
concluded between Austria and Bavaria, that if he
should he required to make some cessions to secure
the independence of Germany, or, in other words, to
round the military frontier of Austria, lie should
receive complete indemnity, calculated on geogra-
phical, statistical, and financial ptuportions to the
ceded provinces ; which indemnity would meet the
convenience of Bavaria, by forming with her retained
processions an entire and unbroken territory: The
military frontier of Austria required the cession from
Bavaria of the Immerge!, of the Hanaruckviertel,
of the Voralberg, of the Tyrol, and a part of the
principality of Salzburg, and a Treaty atiptil sting
for these cessions was signed at Patio ou the 3d of
June, 1814. The mute Treaty determined the
compensations to be given to Bavaria; and in virtue
of its stipulations, Austria had takes, possession of
the Voralberg and Tyrol. and Bavaria of the pi in-
cipalities of Wurzburg and Aschafferiliorg, before
the meeting of the Congress of Vienna. Difficul-
ties were enconistered its the execution of the other
arrangement, of this Treaty's and to remove them,
another was concluded on the llth of April, 1815,
by which Bavaria was to receive in exchauge for her
cessions to Austria, different portions of territory
belonging to Wirtemberg, Electoral Hesse. Hesse.
Demisted, and Baden; the two latter to be to-
steinnified by compensations on the left book of the
Rhine. This Treaty excited great ,alarm among
the States whose possessions it would affect, and
accordingly was modified on the *id of the cane
month; still .eta' g; however, among its arrange-
meats, that. certain portions of the territory of Ba-
den should be forthwith ceded, and that, 1111 l re-
over. Bavaria should have the reversion of the Pa-
latinate of the Rhine, in the event of khedirect liue
of the reiguilia Candy becoming exii::ct.
Treaty, though it received theastient of Russia, Great
Britain,. and Prussia. was not executed, and the
stele of things between Dimino and Austria re-
mained as before. On the 3d of November, 1815,
• new Treaty was signed at Penis, which affeeted,
like that of April.' 1815. the Unhurt Duchy of
Baden. giilnt; to Bavaria some portion of its terri-
tory, and thereversion of the Palatinate. This act
did not cud these negotiations ; for nu the 14th of
April, 1816, a They was finally concluded at
Munich, to which Austria and Ilavalia were the
only contracting parties, disposing of portions of
the territory of Madre. and the reversion to one of
its finest provinces. This lust treaty is staid to con-
tain seven secret articles, bowie to tile Power so
much involved in all these negotiations about
indelniiities. in the singular correepoadence
that poised between the Moog of 011,41111, his
Son-in-law, arid the f3renti Duke of Baden,
last apting. nu allusion is tussle by the former to

. -
es from Aix-la-Chapelle, a pamphlet,: vr.s`ten with great
energy; Red which, as it exhibits the existing.posolition of
the Slave Trade, aid its forth 'mirror infractious of
those- principles which have tvnil been aritnowledged to be
jest, we determined to lay it fettle before the public. lib.
Work is entitled, Ac eldifswis to their to,Rerial and Repot
Rojestiet, wed their Representative:, at Me Congresi of
la•CAapelle.
. .
Illustrious omit fyoserous SoVeLeigos,
The Commas ref VICIIIIII, where your fast •Seelohly took
place, will form an epoch history, of which life memory
will be for ever cherished by good men. :After having saved
Europe from tire tyranny tinder 'which it had long pommel,
/no extended your benevolent regards to the titherreginns of
One moires-se. Aftios in particular excited }nor sympathy.
Sessitsly touched Is Oh the miseries amend) It was the victim,
yon proclaimed the enuresis desien slanting for its delivery
from that slate of oppreast.n and misery to which the Metre
Trade bad redoted it ; you rvessfeed le pet an nod for ever
(If I may be permitted to use the energetic expreasiosa which
you yourselves einpluyesl),". TO THAT scortope, mined
" non too so LOllO • THIS ,DTSOLATeIi ATIMICIL, Da-
" OitAlisti 1111110Pe, ACID •vri.teveie HtlataniTt ;" 'snit to
elevate that vast continent into the capacity of sharing ,With
es in the benefits of citolizatioo, and she diffusion of moral
awl religious troth. .
Your Majesties being epee the point of assembling at
'mother Congress, one of the objects ofl'orir ioliciinde will
net urolly be, to leform yoursellser, whether your beerevelent
ietestihnis withrespect to Africa listeebeett aecoMptlabed as
they oeght to Le; nod .shonlel it be preyed that ibis is sent
the rue, you will, without doubt, thane to eurieert such
meainres as may give etect to those *valed sentiments,
those truly Christian principles, vrbich exited your first de-
elaratione lu favour 44 that enntinent. • It is no oiresuron7
to trier bare In &Ira the velure of the Aft lean Mare Trade,
and the modificatious which at had undirgant before the
Congress of Vienna, the accouut having tines preseuttd to
your Majesties at that epoch.
lu 1807, Great Britain and the unite,' mates of Americo,
which entirely prohibited the trade its 11l its Isitioehee to
their respective aribiects, sad in $lll, Portugal on its pert
toosputed le ciavermertto ATM* braid MI the
coasts of Africa situate til the North of the f clamor These
insportant messurvii,sideast dial time ay the right ofsearch
which beloeged to the belligerent states, produced a reinsidcr-
Mile effect. A partial cessation sif the Slat Trade took
place on • great extent of the Cnesi of Africa, and there re-
mained but few traces er that *odious traffic 111419 that which
reaches from .Sestegal to the Gold Coast a his England her.
lag added by the right of remotest the establishments
which the French pommel' in that ettontey to those which
it already bad, yea in a condition to prevent the eirlitetaree
of its enemies, and to eqaure the rxecutiou of the prohibi-
tory laws passed against the Slave Trade.
Short as the time was druid, which a part ofthe coasts of
the African continent eras protected bon.' the ravages of
that Italic, it served telly to confirm the erpeetations of the
wise. The western shores of the north of. Africa began al.
ready to prevent an aspect much 41101" C encouraging. The
cares of peaceful industry, the arts of civilized life, and the
propagation of trne religion, estrching with • slow but put-
areisive course, repaired the mils of n roost as depray.
mug as devastatina—whrse all al unc7m the *erne i hanged
Peace, which )allowed the &stun Hun of the revolutiouat7
power in France, and which was the source of so mast), ha,
netts to Europe, became to Africa the roarer of new mi.
series--nitseries which were even by the partial
remise whir b it had enjoyed for mine seise, sod the over.
throw of those welhfinioded Mapes which had begun to be
eutertaiued.
Nearer waS the peace proclaimed, when the traffickers kis
human blood of all reentries arrived in crowds upon the
Afncao mast, and gam themselves up sliest, to their an.
nem crimes, slab • cupidity so winch the more areleet, as
it hail hero rot la lung time repressed.
Arnim; those, the Preach, who fur more ;•m!°
,years
had hen, able to take so direct pait lu the murderous traffic,
began it a*ala with ardour, and still or*" costing, it at
ibis moment, in spite of the solemn rellonciation which
their Government bad made I. 1111 b, pod in spite of the
prohibitory laws which had bete siscs. that time promul-
gated iu trance. ,
The revival of the Slave Trade amoong the French, and
its history his the press •at time, bate beets marked by eir-
continence* she mast disgraceful, and secompanied by cruel-
ties most horrible, and cowsequeeori most disistrour. •
Dosing the trot years whirl, preceded dm reetitution made
lo Frauce of fieuegal and G..l"Ce, 114 part of the African
coast, with the exception of Sierra Leone, bad been pa coos-
pletelt freed froM the evils produ.ded In) the !Slave Trade, as
those establishments, anal flee countries surrounding then!.
The trade was there almost entirety abolished; and in run-
st gramme a remarkable increase of population, the progress
of agricultnre, and other anieborations so the vicinity, do..
played the slaws of au opening prosperity most gratifying
to benevolent loans. , •
It was in the month ofJantotry, that these intrust,
iog colonies were given back is France, from whence remittal
effects truly deplorable. The restitution mita no sootier aq.
complished, thau, notwithstanding the declaratibni by which
the King of France had interdicted the coatmerce kr staves
to his subjects, ,that traffic was instantly reticint4 mot
spread over the whole•coast. The means ordinarily mit-
ployrd to excite the avarice of the native Chiefs have pro. 7
Mired, under cuisting circumstances, honors mere revultiog
than heretofose. Ls the short spacer:4a year after the charge
of the porvemorr, the neoghboariot tornotries, where pear;
sod abundance flourished before, displayed only a dare
gusting spectacle of misery and thaulattou. In this there i 4
nothing astonishing to these )rho pay attention In what
passed. Bands of pluederera St4Oltiell 411 NM coriatrY, sacked
sod burned the towns and villages 'during the slight. 1 lig
wretched inhabitants, flying to escape the flame, were eit hi r
lellasse*d_ if they eared to Nike me works resistance; tsr
were made prisours•a by their creel sostriiess and 'Wad 141.41
endless exile sod slavery. By day, the pearxfssl lsbourrte
shared the same fate; *retches ;tote upon them by surprise,
*cited, gagged, eild chained them, and them di t'setit
to allacresahies. Others wire height before the harbsrans
coarse of the commit, and eccesed of crones oiliels thee
had never committed, in order that they and their fanithosi
might he coudeinned tooter the pretext of justice, 1114 &cid
into slavery.
Sncb are the ordinary weans which the *lave Trade ens..
pioys to obtain its victims.
It is here necessary to remewther for • intim• to, that
France Imet profeued in the face of the universe the newer

,
1

Treat,
tbe

LINA* sent Non
FOREIGN INFltii.,6lfrics.
. 'ler= NAIL

nOit Tit, vsexca Woopmeo; OCT. 9.
fire Mead-ewertees of the Emilia mad Prussia°
Amps is. freisee. splendid prepesatino• are nodtiug
'•rikir Oho ereeptton of their Majesties the Emperor of
illegals and the King of Prussia. who will be pre.
tent at the lase review of their troaps. berets their
.. deportees from the French territory. .The sews.
daft the speedy evacuation of France is decidid
span hes diffused nalionsal jot.
It is 'opposed that the Russian troops will bi
'embarked at Dunkirk and Ostend. A report is in
•' ciretakitien, that some of the contingents will remain
:spiel e.dir rrsottete till neat spring. but 'this report
—.mamas weelirmetioo.
are new beginning. in the French army, te
.'Ol4l of the•erganivition of the Cadiet for the third
Pitiiitialions of the different departmental lesions, and
• •Ilfth stisedreise for the regiments of cavalry.
Siorerel dicers who were not in actual service, have
• ' • been selected for them.
MAGUS. OCTOSSI 13.
We learn from •Braesels that the Grand Doke
'Michael arrived there yesterday, and proceeded to
• Aks.la.Clispelle; where the Grand Duke Coo.
Matisse, wee expected on the I Ith. •
7*day there was a grand review neer Waasdorp,
' where besides the Members, of the Royal Family, a
r
coacworse of people had collected from this
• • a and the st.ighbourhood. the fins weather
•-irreioly eentributed to attract visitors who were all
triglerdelighted with the correct manner in which
the swops performed their evolutions. We learn
tbe troops in garrison at Brussels, as well as
.theme ho tile amp at Ziest, were reviewed yesterday,
and that the camp will break up in • few days.
OCTOBBIL 7.
. Baron Ven'Triuto.Berberich. Charge d'Affaires
of his Highness the Prince of Tour and Tsai., has
presented to the Dirt a long memorial respecting
the relations of the House of Toler sod Taxis with
the crown of Wirtemberg, and complaining that
Ilse, Government of Wirtemberg is by no meow die.
posed to restore to the House of Teur and Taxis, or
• to the mediutised Estates of the Empire, the full
enjoyment of the rights "ad attributes which are
secured to them by the Act of Confederation.
The differences between the Houses of Lippe
Schaumburg, and Lippe-Detmold, have been
brought before the Diet, and referred to a Com.
matte for examination.

CIIRISTIANIA, SEPT. 2fi.
His Majesty the King has resolved to defray from
his private purse the expenses of the making of the
Norwegian Crown, including the gold, jewels,
pearl., ice. as well as those of the sceptre, globe,
sword, and standard of the kingdom, and keen
pleased to order that the regalia shell be deposited
in the Cathedral Church at Drontheim, under the
core and responsibility of the Magistrates.

IT. IPETERSIMIGH. SEPTUIDER 23.
The establishment of German emig►ants on pri-
vate estates in Russia has commenced with good
soccess. Upon an estate belonging to M. Von
Kokoschin, /111 went. from Moscow, 11 Wirtem-
berg families lla►e been settled this year, who have
raised good crops. and thrive well. The Minister
of ll* Interior takes great pains to spread this kind
of toMement alt over the Empire, because this
kind el colonisation is of permanent advantage as
wail to the settlers as to the proprietors of estates,
orbs have more land than they are able to cultivate.
Yesterday, after an interruption of siz years, the
Preach actors commenced their new series of repre-
sentations with an operatta.—(Datek Papers, Oe-
elier 14.)

PARIS PAPERS.

rang, OCTOSEIL 13.

•• We were the int to announce that the prin-
ciple of the evacuation of the French territory had
been conceded in the conferences at Aix-la-Cha-
pelle on the td of October, and this intelligence
was correct. We pubhshed, yesterday, the expli-
cation of the forms used in the negociatioiss—and

remarked that, according to these forms, a circum-
stance might be fully decided before the deSaiiive
tact was prepared and signed. It was then our duty
to await the triterior dttails which the Official
Iseresl of yesterday ptsbh►ited in the following
Icfsttu :
anweier, who arrived lase vetoing front Aix Aa•Chapellt,
bait brow& to tho Ring the intelligence, that on the oth of
this means Ate Doke de Richelieu, Plenipotentiary of his
Pifirfeety, signed, with the Plesipetentiatim of the Courts of
Amitrin, Regime* Pfewila, and Ramis, a Conventicle, by
which the Arm/ Oceepotioa shall hare quilted the French
territory on OR ROA of neat November. The sum that re-
taking to be fluid by Framer, msformahly to lb. 4th Attack
of the tittis of November, ISIS, is definitively Reed by this
Cotersution at idb millions, of which vim 100

0T471.44\
t
. ; , . _
..,.*
... ; It
.., .'
' t '.•
i. 7
~,,,, •
ii
' 7 , 'Nk

yid& It felt at Me geilty male. Is the Defisitivit Treaty
Of the 30th of November. ISIS. it had boiled shelf to the
enlist marl effective shillition of " a coariaterre at odious le
itself, as imperatively forbidden by the Walla Maria and
tatelre " time. the 30th of July, ISIS, it had Whined the
Astoriedura of the Allied Power,. that it had imbed seders
to pot an esnt to ilw trade is simians its part 'Am that day,
esti, a tier. and for ever." It bad evasiaaiebaw=eaprev siosead
the arilish Goat rnavistithst.tbs. am l
sod flume, which bed hies restated to it by the posee,Obseild
sever be pertained to isolvlhollt to the toolooldoo tikdot
erode is slaves. Tel, severtheiese, is spite of aN esti duds.
au*" mono hod AIM alaraillohaveses sow sgalissiodar
. her &WOWS tins this warts of eapitte, mumps asdihrsolo.
• . the one sees to ereseemestora Ailisps of assolleirdisli, which
bad betas to, display .shell, vootaltail Was hoot* t Ness.
Nis& of sidoppy Oman% acing ogooptliesAsests, wee
loopod law the prsoilestist WM slope itips, sad suertvd
. oaths hsentee, los los Oen korai, shish Ow*
teaseparsoliso from the Preset, rehabs Is the West ladies;
sad then, thsso atb surrires, are issiiirsolad Is tut their
hi Goren awl aseasilltlag loboasysidar hits ship of the
hearted driver.
• ' ,
•t ham bees thought oresessig to td er bolo some details
elleobott rfairsedealosties, heeosed they teed Is thew the
vos•lhObested lardiesay of the °Awl ..,*.Js of pro.
!Aso M ie sveseswe to owed. Noe *Mho WI is-
, satiable moth, sf the tralleht re in busses blood.
N. use sea *rot tip good faith at the Iheoth Covers.
ttlasl t soil yet AM* simpler triumph have tees seatehes
Useable to-Alois serer aN iri dedirstiati and
am! .
