(Circle.
A new Drnp Certain, from an original design, bas been
painted by Mr. Pugh.
A Private Hon may be had for the Season, or nightly, of
111 r. Hr.indou, at the Box-Office.
The Doors wilt be opened at Half-past Six o'Cloek, and
the Play tregia at Seven.
Boars, 7a ; Second Prier, as. dd.—Pit, Ss. itld.; Second
Price, is.—Gallery, to.; Second Price, ls.—Upper Gel-
ler). Is.; Second Price, dd.
Piaci.% fur the Boars to be taken of Mr. Brandon, at the
Sox-Olficr, Hart street, from Ten all Pour.
Oil Monday, Virginias, or The Liberation of Rome.

THKATRIE-ROY AL, if A YMA htlar.
THIS EVENING, ATURDAY, Sept. 23,
*HI be performed the Opera oe.

GUY MANNERING.

Mabry Bertram, Mr. Brahma (his Mk appearance we Ibis
stage); Col. Manoering, Mr. Baker; Dandle Dionsont, Mr.
.1. Russell; Dirk Hatt.ssirk, M►. Bumped; ;Mitre Glossies,
Mr. Hammond; Dominic Sampson, Mr. ()sherry. Julia.
Maunering, Miss R. Cora ; Lucy Bertram, lies. Garrick;
Flora, Mrs. Baker; Meg Merrilies, Mrs. Dal t 0...
To conclude wit► a new Farce, to two ao.Ss, called
OVER THE WATER!

The Principal Characters by SI . J. Ru ssell, Oxherry,
Hammond, Mrs. Raker, Miss R. Csrri, sod Mts.
Jones.

Fast Price—Boxes, Ss.—First Uallevy, 24.
Second Gallery, Is.
&COOll Prier—Sows, 3s.—Pit, is 6411.—Firs t Gallery, Is.
—Second Gsllrry, 6d.
Second Price will ccreamence every Evening precisely at
Nine o'clock.

Places for the Boxes to be takes of Mr. Massiingbasa, at
the Thearte.
A Private Box may be had, nightly, by application at the
Box Office. . .

---- -----.
The Doors to be opened at Half-past Six &Clock, sad the
Performance to begin at Seven.
Um Monday, The Dream: Dow Carlos, Mr. Braham.

THEATRE-ROYAL, ENGLISH OPERA-HOUSE,

STRAND.
THIS EVENING. SATURDAY. Sept. 43.
will be performed, 16th time, a ate Operatic Drama,
is three acts, called
THE BARON DE TRENCK.
The Barow.De Trench, Mr. I'. P. Coukc; Comtosildsiit
of Gluts, Mr. Rowlmtham ; Anthony Swartz, Mr. I holey ;
Lionel Schell, Miss Kelly; Hamm, Mr. Wilkiusoa; Michael,
Mr. Broadhurst. Eugenio, Baroress of Liwalurf, Miss Carew;
.19mplius., Miss Love; Catsup Mrs Grove ; Pisauetie, Miss
1. Stevenson.

After which, 31st lime, a new IL 'mantic 3100-drains, in
thrice par's, founded un the cel !bested Tale called
THE VAMPIIIE;
Or, THE BRIDE OF IrHE
Characters in the loiruiluctory Vi ium—The Vampire, Mr.
7. P. Coolie ' • Lady Margaret, Mrs. W. S. Chatlerleyi Uwda,
Mno Love; Ariel, Miss Worgman.
Characters in the Diama--Ituthven, Mr. T. P.. Cooke;
Ronald, Mr. Burl ley; Robert, Mr. Ru *bulimia ; Mehwjll,Mr.
Hai let. Lady Margaret, Mrs. W. S. Chatterley ; He:dget,
Mrs. Grove; Ellie, Miss I. Stevenson.
The spacious Saloon will be offelted as banal at Eight
o'Clock, fur the admittance of the Second Price, which com-
mences at Nine.
Bolen, 51. ; Second Price, 3..—Pit, 3s ; Served Price,
Is. ea—Lower Gallery, 2s. ; Second Price, Is —l.74.per Gal-
lery, Is.; Second Price, Od.
Pa ivatt Boxes may be had nightly of Mr. Stevenson, of
whom Placer are to be taken, at the Box Office, Strau J En-
trance, from Ten till Four.

11AZ Ali D and CO. relipcei fully isstiorsu t I,`e
Public that the State Lottery commerce. dressing on
the Sth of NEXT MONTH, us. which Day 4,500 Tickets
will be drawn.—The Scheme contains
2
2
&c. &c. All Sterling Money.
Every Ticket or Share bought before the Drawiqt begins
wig hare the Chose. of Two Prises of 10,0001.. which will
be decided *lli the first Quarter of an Dour, besides all the
other Capitals that may be drawn that Day ; end if drawn a
Rlaok the rind Day, the Huller may receive le/. for it
kihares it proportion) if presmitra at any of HAZARD
and CO.'S Offices we or before Friday, the 13th October, or
have A FURTHER CHANCE on the Second Day,
October 18, fur all the Capitals iernaining in the Wheel.
Tickets and Shares a►e Selling at IIAZAP11) and CO.'S
Offices, Royal Exchange-gate ; 28, Cornhill ; 324, Oxford-
street ; where have been recently Shand awl Sold Four
Prizes of 30,0001., Six Prises of 20,0001, ice. &c.

ABR I F:F SU MARY of the A tirstsluges of
Purchasing TICKETS anti SHARES before bib
OCTOBER!--
You are sure of the chance of TWO of 10,0001. because
they must be drawn on the First Day, 5118 1 /riolicr, In she
11..1 15 minutes; bi sides she chance of what' vcr whim Capi-
tal. may be drowse on that day.
You tire ante t.l not less then 4,500 Tickets bring drown-
s. the First Ittry, hth (clubs r, bring more than two.thirds
of the whole Lottery.
You are sure all those 4,500 Tickrts Is* ing drawn
Prlits Foil Day, if you avail yourself of the Coutractur's
viler ',see the Scheme.)
You are sum sure of any of the above as if you do
out make your purchases bonne First Disj, bi came they ex-
clusively belong to that day.
PCItCMC CONTAINS
TWO .... .tio.uou I 'I M a .... £lO,OOO
6,720 other B. nr6ls.
All Sterling 31oney !—Only 7,600 Tickets.
Tickets and Shares are Selling by J. anal J. SIVEWRIGHT,
37, Orrwhill ; I 38, Haymarket ; mid
11, Hutburu; I 141, Osfurd-street ;
Who Shared mid Sold in the Lottery just *sided.
Au. 135 le $ Shares (20,100
3,636 ln 12 Shares £2olllso
AA so Sous other Car.als

:44 4.44'Y'

against ber, is postponed, on account of the engagements of
several Public Characters, to TIVESDAY NEXT, the 46th
instant, at the Freemason's Tavern, Great Queen-street.
The Members for Landow, Westmisster, Middlesex, sad
Southwark, are invited to attend.
It is intended that Copies of the Address shall afterwards
be left at various places for signatures, and that it shall be
peseuted to he► Majesty by a Deputation, aecumpaaied by a
procession of Ladies and Gentlemen in coaches, drawn by
four horses each.

. .
the powerful interest which • subject so dear to the
bo;oms of Englishmen, as au allusion to the last
ssd, though glorious moments of Lord Russell's life,
must exercise over every heart capable of *ppm.
ciating the extent of his services, and of feeling the
sacred throb of freedom for which the Noble Martyr
sacrificed his virtuous ezistence. Such feelings
seem to have exercised a strong influence over the
mind of Mr. Conning. He glows with indignation
at the cold barbarity of the pensioned tyrant,
Charles ; sympathises is every ardent passion that
governed the conduct of the virtuous Russell, slid
exults in the !Principles which triumphed in his
death. At what particular period of Mr. Ca tttt i t ig's
life this poem was written we profess not to know
but the tone it breathes will, we doubt not, in the
judgment of posterity, redeem his political reputa-
tion from the evil impression of many an equivocal
Act. Those who wish well to his fame, will, on

reading the following extracts, exclaim of him
U si sit saisio.
Alluding to the efforts made by Lord Cavendish,
himself, and a band of patriots in the House of
Commons, to check the encroachments of power,
Lord Russell is made to express himself in these
vigorous lines:
" H ! with eke pride that moment 1 retal.!
Who would nut wish so hossur'd thus to fall !
When England's genius hovering o'er inspied •
Her chosen sous with lose of &sedan fired, -
Spite of an abj• et, servile, pension'd train,
Minions of power, and worshippeve of gain,
To tavern's' bigotry its destined prey,
To shield three actions from tyrannic sway;
'roes thew my CATXXDIIIII caught the glorious flame,
Thewppy oases of his future fame;
Adored by nature, perfected ke art,
The dearest head, the warnissa, noblest kart ;
His words deep sinking it etch captive ear,
Had power to make e'en liberty more dear.
While I, aniskill'd is oratory's lore,
Whose tongue *e'er speaks but whew the heart rues o'er,
Ir plain blunt phrase my honest thoughts express`d,
Warm from the heart, and to the heart eddress'd ;
Justice prevailed," fee.
Every one. knows that the Bill for excluding
Jaunts Duke of York from the throne, which hod
passed the Rouse of Commons triumphantly, was
unfortunately rejvcted to the House of Lords by a
majority of 34, there being 61 against the Bill
and 30 fur it. Upon that occasion Lord Russell is
stud to have exclaimed, " If my Own father had
been one of the 64, 1 should have voted him an
enemy to the King and kingdom." Upon this
point the illustrious martyr thus expresses himself
in the'' Epistle:"
" Now memory fail ! nor let way mind revolve,
/low England's Peers anaull'd the just resolve;
Against her bosom aimed a deadly blow,
And laid at once her great Palladium low !
Degenerate nobles! Yes, by heaven ! I 'wear,
Had Bedford's self appear'd delinquent there,
And join'il forgetful of his country's claims,
To thwart lite exclusion of Apostate James,
All filial ties had then bees, left at large,
Anal I, myself, the first to urge the charge.
Such the fixed sentiments that role my soul,
True cannot change, nor I;raosny eostrol;
While free, they hang upon my pensive brow.
'filen my thief care, my pride and glory now;
Foit'd I submit, nor think the osmium hard,
For consetoss rirfres is Its ore reward.
Vain then is force, sod vain each robtile art,
To wring retraction from my tortured heart,
There be, in marks indelibly engraved,
The menus whereby my country Muse be saved :
Are to thine eyes those ehatactess unknown?
To read my inmost heart, commute thine own:
There wilt thou bud this sacred truth revearil,
- Which shall tomorrow with my blood he beard,
Seek nut infirm ex pedienti to explore,
But &utak Junes, or tinglaisit is so more.
We shall snake one other extract front this poem.
.It will spew at once the ardent piety and devoted
patriotism of the illustrious Russell, while it con.
veva, in warm and animated language. the writer's
arose of the ignominy 101i:fed upon
,cations by the assert'(.(( of arbitrary power, and
Ins impression of the injurious consequences which
such unhallowed pretensions entail even upon Soweto
reigns themselves. Ills apostrophe to evil Cont.
se hors v. he Ratter the passions of Princes, instead
of guiding their judgnieuts, is at once severe, just,
and (-bluetit :
" Burnet and Tillotsoe, with pious cares
My fleeting soul for heavenly bliss prepare,
Wide to my •irw the glorious realms display,
P.eitiowsi with joy, and bright with ettilless day.
(hal ni'd, as of old, when Israel'. Prophet snug,
Whose words distill'al like matins hunt Ms tongue,
hole she great bird sobliusest truth. expluied,
Each ravish'il heever wondeed and adored;
S.. rapt, so charged, my soul begins to rise,
Spurns the base earth, sod oceans to reach the shies.
But when, deseendiag from the sacred theme,
-Of boundless power, mad excellence soprano.,
They would fur .nau sod his precarious thrum., •
Exact obedience due to heaven alone,
Forbid resistant, to his worst commands,
And place God's thseaikrbult in mortal hands;
The a nitro sulks to life's contracted open,
And rising passion speaks ere still a Kato.
What! shall a tyrant trample on his laws,
And stop the source *hence all his power be draws?

. "
I

• .. . • •

him to refugia,
His faithful servants supplicate i■ vain;
He quaffs at length, impatient of control,
The biller dregs that lark within the bowl."

“ Happy the Prince! thrice lirmly lied his mins,
Who builds WI public good his chest* renown
Studious to bleu, be knows so second aim,
His people's Sistgrest and his own the saner;
The ease of millions rests upon bis cares,
And thus heaven's high prerogative he shares.
Wide from the throne the blest contagion spreads,
O'sr all the last its gladdening influence sheds;
dioconleat amends are heard no moose,
And fuel eurneption lies the iadigneat shine; •
His Ministers with joy thei► courses run,
And bor►ow lustre from the royal sun.
But should some upstart, trailed in slavery's school,
Leaned for the maxims of despotic rule,
Frill framed with tunas, and grave pedantic pride
(Mysterious cloak ! the mind's ditties to hide!)
Sordid in small things, prodigal in great,
Saving fur minions, squandering for the state—
Should such a noiscrnint burn fur England's bane
Obscure the gldries of a prosp'rous reign,
Gain by the semblance of each pniseful art,
A pious Prince's unsospecting heart,
Euvioss of worth, and talents, not his own,
Chase all experienced merit from the throne;
Tu guide the helm a motley crew compose,
Servile to him, the King's and country s foes,
Meanly descend each paltry plate to All
With tools of power, sod rootlets to his will,
Braudisbiog high the scorpion scourge o'er all,
Except such slave* as how the knee to Baal—
Should Albioa's fate decree the baneful hour !--•
Short be the dale of his detested power !
Soon hay his Soh reign break his iron-rods,
And hear his people, for their voice is God's !”

BARK MEETING.
Thanday a Court of Proprietors wan Reid at the Bank of
England, for the purpose of receiving the notification of She
dividead fur the torrent half year.
At twelve eisloek the Chairman (Charles Pole, E.q.) en-
tered, aceumparied by a number of the Directors.
After the !Mantes of the last Court were read, the CNAIR-
NAM stated, that this was • Quarterly General Court of Poe-
pitchers, and also • Half-yearly Court by the bylaws. It
was his duty to propose to this Court that a dividend of
5 per Cent. for interest and pewits be issued fur the huff-year
mullet the 10th Oc.ober met. Was it the pleasure of the
Court that such a deridead be ordered? Oa the question be..
log put, it was carried umailistossly, and the necessary war.
rants for she dividend were metered to be pawed on Wed-
nesday. the 10th of October met.
The CRAIRMAN then inquired whether it was the intention
of say Proprietor to sesbnint any proposition to the Cued ;
became, if it was not, it only remained to put the question
of adjournment, the usual business being gone through.
A Prom icier, whose ranee we could nut learn, hoped he
should nut be considered out of order in taking this uppor-
tardy of making an inquiry of the Chairman, founded upon
the public rumours which load lately gone forth. The object
of his itequiry was to know if there was auy truth in the
rumour that the new plan of Bank-note, recommended by
the Commissioners who were appoiuted to consider of the
beet menus of preventing forgeries, was found impracticable
is the progress of the efforts made to carry it into effect. It
was mint desirable that the public should be iufuo toed who.
thtr there was say foundation for this remour.—(fieter.)—
He hoped, therefore, that the Chairman would please to ia-
form the Court what steps had been taken in furtherance of
the rem/lamentation of the Comanssiouers; sod also who.
Cher they were likely to answer the expectation originally
entertmeted of them, and, if so, when the public were likely
to have the benefit of the plan?
The ell %IRIAN said, in reply, that the worthy Propeitnor
was peofectly in order in putting this question, sad he on.
glad to have the opgrartuaity thus afforded of austradieting
the rumour that any disoppointoteat had seism la Ike pro.
gems of the plait adopted on the rectuaramedation of the
Cumosissioners; such • rumour he was happy to say, was
totally destitute of fousdation...4 Hear )—The plan decided
upon by the Commissioners, end adopted by the Directors,
was immediately ordered to be carried into execution. He
weed not remised the Court, that as • great deal of machinery
was necessary, is the arst instance, far the preliminary or.
raegeoueuts which were indispensable in carrying the plan
inter execution, some delay was absolutely necessary before
the public could have the benefit of the proposed intprove.
meat. The srrangessents, he was happy to say, were as for-
ward as they could he e spatted, considering the nature of
the undertaking. The mientiou and auaiety of the Deserters
had been from the begiuning unremitting, in ordering every
thing to be dose which the new plan required; their constant
attention had been devoted to the subject; but the Court
niust be aware, from the very nature of the arrangemesits,
that their completion did out depend upon the Directors;
they were necessarily in the bawls of artists end no-chemical of
danced descriptions, who *ere employed to carry can the
work, and every thing had hitherto gone on us well as tumid
reasonably be expected. He had the sadisfam lust of saying,
that, though be cuuld nut name • fixed and determinate
period wheel the new Dotes would be ready for circulation,
yet be bad every reason to believe that 1111 very great length
of time would elope( before they world be ready. At pre.
seat, be trusted, it would allay the public anxiety to contra.
diet the unfousieled rumours which hail prevailed; though he
repeated the difficulty he laboured under, in fixing a specific
time fur i aped's/ the sew notes to be limed. thineutitien ref
paper must be prepared, aud time must necessarily b anew-
ed fur the cumpletion of all lb' previous arrangroveins.
Mr. Yomo declared the satisfaction he felt at this offfeial
contradxtion of the rumour which had so • rruseusrely bees
disseminated out of caters and he trusted means would be
taken to contradict it is widely as it had been circulated.
—(Hear..)—Thusegle lie was perfectly swam that, undue the
circumstances elude Mud attend a new and comprehensive
plan, it was difficult, perhaps impuoiiblet to .p c•fy the pee.
me time when the new. motes (wind be issued; yet Mill he
hoped be should not be considered Intrusive in pressing upon
the Chairmen the necessity of sassing some probable time
when the public might camel to derive the selemetale held
out by the tareativt. recvinettended by the Ceoutsaiseivinn.

assure the Props loots, that hitherto there had not b.-en 11w
least delay in the progreia of the work; every thing had Prue
on as well as could be reasonably expected, and all penions
concerned in the progress of the plan were anxious to hese it
executed with the least possible delay. The reconsisends-
lion upon Which the flank were actin had code from own df
great iciener, with the view of preventing, as far ma human
isigenuily could devise, the ciinie of forgery, and thereby
renderisig iintlecesNoy arose injuries to the public iuteiesi,
and the unhappy prevalence of ail those painful occurrences,
which were at present she siusvoidithle cowiserieace of that
act. He awaits repeated; that sib time whalestfr shook' he
unnecessarily exhausted sit the coispktiois of the stew plan.
(Hear, hear.)
Mr. Young expressed his satisfactioa at the full aad pru-
rrr explanation of the worthy Chairman; and declared sisal,
rtlyiag upon the efforts of the Diteciurs, who were said to
be so anxiously active upon the occasion, he had no desire
whatever to peen the subject any further upon the CLaiesai..
(War.)
The Court, which was but thinly attended, was the■ ad-
journed.

ABSTRACT OF THE WILL

OF SIR JOSEPH BANKS.

The late Right lion. Sir Joseph Beaks, Hart. nee of hi.
Majesty's Moot Hon. Privy Courted, Knight Gamed Cross aot
the Must Hos. Military Order of the Bath, and President of
the }loyal Society, by his will expressly desires that his body
be internal is the Moat private meaner is the Church or
church-yard of the parish iu whibb be shall hearts to aloe,
and entreats his dear relatives to spare themselves the &Mc-
titan of attentions the ceremuuy, and earnestly requests that
they will mot erect any asoliefacist to his memory. His
boom at Spriegitvoire, Haien Wadleans be gives to his
fa, Dame Dorothea Batiks, with the farm ore, plate, he. our.
Has real estates to his wife far tie, or widowhoed a after her
death or marriage, those that are &diode in the mussy of
Line*le to ibe Ham. James Homilies Stanhope, and Sir
Henry Hurley, Bart., subject so provisoes sod coaditions •
the remaisider of his estates to Sir Edward Knatchbull,Ras
his brim sod assigns, subject to cooditions and prosigoes.—
The lesseladd estates (except his house in Subo-soyare) to
John Parkinage, Ell. The residue of his pt natal estate to
his wife, for her own absolute use and bewellt. He appoints
his w ate, the said James Hamilton Staishope, Sir !leery Had.
ley, and Sir Henry Koatdibull, ixecuturs.--Will aided
Jaanary 7, 1840.
By the Ist codicil, dated Slat. Janstary, 1820, be gives to
his soda fatigable and ink-Viral Lbrarian, Robert Bluets,
Fiaq., au annuity of 2001, and also the use and enjoyin tit
during lifeuf the library, Heiberima Ineouseripts, drawing's,
copper. plates engraved, and every Mina elm sh at is cost.uo. d
in his collections, usually kept in she back buddies; tf ht.
house in Soho-square; and after the decease of the sa.4
Robert Brown, then beg tea the same to the srasiees, for
the time being,of the Beata► if lento or, do be the ale.ite
of the said trustees, sad the said &herr-amen shall cm.raot
to have the same removed to the British Museum In Ills Id,.
time, he shall be at liberty to do sou ; said the void Robe, t
Brown to be provided with the prop-v means of aCreaf thereto
dor himself mud his fri. uda. And he d.Chlrell that the afore.
said bequest., in (sliver of the said Robert Brown, are apoiS
etsaditiou that lie continue to use his library a* his chief
place of study in the manner Miaow does, and that he arrows
lW soperinteadent of the Royal &deltic ficledroos at Kew,
sod estaliwaire to reside is Leadoff, and dues nut made, take
may new them that may eitlyiley his time. His leasehold
is... Is ashe.square, with the appurteuauces, to has site
daring her life; assil after her decease, or giving op posers.
slits thereof, this to the said Robert Brown, subj.-et tis
aforesaid cooditleas.
To Mr. Frederick Bader, of Kew Green, who has been
employed by Sir Joseph as a dratightseten fur thirty years,
as aasnity of 3001., epee egrullitioa that he co... Wore t..
✓eside got Kew Greet., sad employs himself is making draw-
ing of plume that dower in the colleelion at Kew,
.in aloe
mate manner as he ha* hitherto dose; sisal the drawings
which he shall nu make be added to the tellettima Now u.
his baud*, and which revert to Sir Joseph*? has reprewenut-
time at ths time of his death, as appears by an rgrernient
entered into bottom them ; and it is his *kb that if any
elagablla should minas to his misaisqs in the empaistiotis mi-
. plead ots the said Robed Komi and Predeesiit Baser, tan
Owen &WOW be Messolhool is $ eitheasc so Os lb is most
voesilitle to them.
by the 2d codicil (Jihad 7th'ef March 13100 he &deers
that wish every (relit% of tied dutiful homage and bumble
altitotion justly doe from • loyal subject to s most graconse
Sovereign, be gives to his Majesty, fur the use of ahe e.tablialt.
tarot of the Royal botanical gardens at Kew, all the drawing*
stud sketches of plaids that bate grown in the said garden.,
sud have been made at his ripens, by Mr. Bauer, sad which
are deposit.d is his custody, deeply impressed with su
opinion which he still continues to held, sod believes to lie
founded in truth, that the establishmeat of a Buteuk gad..
easetat be complete aimless a resident draughtsman be cm -
niantly employed is making sketches mad Gashed drew/Sots ..1
all new plants that perfect t liege lowers or freest its it, amid de.
elates List he hum ago determined to it such a prison at
Kew, said maintain hint at his own expense, aad tae ISCCUr.
diuglr morticed Sir. Duerr, whose failketiosa of deawines
sod sketches be trusts will prose a Valsablie adalaitoo to the
important science of Natural history; that he dad this mad
• bope that she truth of hi. upiwirro would is due lime U.
some manifest, sad that the charge of insisturnisig
Baser would thee be transferred from bins, and pieced 4•11 tor
establishment of the garde's. This hope be &chorea is st.ll
warmly cherish. d, anal receives ample ',mem t frusta the wtli.
booms and oftemixpernaceel love of scooter ash.ea makes a
part of the character at our (beloved Kies , but is case of use
below deemed inearefileat by his Nejesty's mleilaei a 14.• make
this small additioate the estaldoshafeni, be . Imo ga s i lir :tumult y
of 30.1. to Mr. Bauer os his Lisseolushareest..tes. Hr figurate
has 'visitant, Sir Edw. Kew-baron, hatt.l.l.2altallie his pare.*
sad things at his loom is Bobo square, sod de.trwy those Le
may think prop. r. The papers ream. coo' the Royal Society
to Ise seat la the Royal &warty ; those respecting she Moat or
coinage, to the Mint; his farrigo corresponds-mu so he semi
to the British Magrosa.—.His prieoLal peopiety se oku sta-
tist Ift,oool. '

..

/ -
• -
~.-&/...., - • i
Per Cent
111111111111111111111111111111111111111111.1111.1111111111111117-0/y2(
4:7
. - • .___ .. .. _
' nt .
•
A •
• .
liks.‘ss, • 'll'. i C‘l
. 4/ ••••.•
. _.... • v .
....- . ... .
• ' P. .
1 ..t .
c
P . .
41 S. • i
.
1 •
4 . ir -
- 1
4 llt 11$ $lll Alk •
•
• grib lit
........ I 1a... IV • '
1 .
, o
. . .
_A L • ..... .
, __.4
Num sue 5554. - NNW dr. .-- ' 2.7141,4: •. - • • •44..!...- ' ..
• s.'"
. : ....411.44
...,
•
• . .
LONDON, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1820. Pities 7d.
,
.
- .. .. ........_....._....,....._„..__.._....55.eii1555mw51t
.. .
THEATREHOYAL, COVENT.GARDEN. BANK OF ENGLAND, SaPTENSaIt 13, 1810. THE QUA RTERLYBEVIEW. No. XLYI. His mommires lieu, to &twigs foes beinli (Neir.)—A voted et tensest was of coarse a* that sets il
THIS EVENING, SATURDAY, Sept. 23, HE COURT qf DIRECTORS of the will be publiabedin • litw dap. Lavish her wealth, yet stipulate for pay r . imienumbly Se exordefots the Chairseno, seid
will be' performed the Musical Drams of GOVERNOR mod COMPANY ./ IA& BANK of
--3,- Tu skaimefol falsehoods treed alarm suborn,
Aad dare so birth the whimsies mous to genre! ettesingeoeive. Seam sorb. atenseat would, he Wit,t Ire
IHE ANTIQUARY. E WAND glee Nodes, -• Weal satisfeeties to Wit politic at large.
That a GENERAL COURT will be held at the Bonk, . tr. . Deride relielisd, joggle", &mow, fenw,
Joitathan °Minitel', Mr. W. Ferrets ; Level, Mr. Domed ;MR. CANNIAt Aiid hardly Isisuw of limiest, the same' The Cissipags.s Mawr* his Modishly to be no wreak as
on WEDNESDAY NEXT, the 17. th intent, from nevelt
'.lie Orhiltre, Mr. ; Lord Wenallan„ Mr. Connor-la Names lop tie renewed Awn WWII sad 'maim', the worthy preopmeor wished. If be wen., in the ern it, ii t
Hector M'lntynr Mr. Abbott. Miss Isabella Manlove, Miss' o'Clrk in the Foresees sill Poor is the Ancestors'', fur the
A poem ftenn the clne-pirn Pfl MG Can- sing Mid ably toil to forge his aohjecia denims mite of the, otroorloPsals, Ise aims • probable s.set.r awl
ELECTION of • DIRECTOR for the remainder of the
Greene ; Miss G;ieelda Oldhock, Mrs. Davenport. Aud shall he hope the public Woo to drums, ' thus afterward, ward' dioappuietleteat reseed, woad be rot, by the
year, in the room of Betyloo Lung, Esq. deceased ; and the has lately been published. br 'Sherwin, ►coddled.
The Maisagemeet of this Theatre have 'imaged, for a li- Electioa of a Director will be deduced that &ming. "An Epistle frost Wasik Lord Hymn to Ail- The woke which gave, awl can WWI* bin !MVO ! . lIIIIIIIIIIIM 11•490•sli••• elaber sollt•ocul Se swill. if se, Pr. -
tented ,umber of nights, the Priacipal Dancer, of the Opera.*Wooly ezisterlolean teed to allay it, as the worthy Persgerretor
ROBERT BEST, SocrelarY• lima Lord Coortedisk sappoord to hOOO hems wages Wheweemorieeme harm her bermes, awl she dived . onnsed In shd, ? amid..
ober he
eieseiasild swivels. awes.
House, olio will appear, fur the arcuml time, it the Grand N.B By .., Ate passed is the smogs. year of the twirl the teenusior hose has wirdpejecti Thin , poun is %diet aOf nuldsn vestipmee, homiest e'er his bawl. peas' ' dint id y 'reinstate dertstaliaa.li "elm of lime. there
Bo
of Ins late Majesty, no remora will beeotitted to vote at Ike Primp his bleek reel; *hem iejored Noose grins..
JUDONDE; Or, LE PRINCE TROUBADOUR. said Electium who Abell not have been sic Meatier smooths not snore distinguished by She charms of its Vela- Ated etim of niUllors shake hie sostrtlec *roar. yes at *mad ale acted imiposelbility fur the Coop of Diem -
• el
IPACIFIIi ChliflltlfTll..Le Prince, Mons. Laelionqee • lA. possessed, is his own right, of she Swett Ate smell be shall fusion mu by the geillteMse said itapoadosted Shall tateriact ehirehatow soothe his guilty mini, lore to proarnener whew the sew moles would be ready. It iful -
twat Moms. Hollis, Fits; .lueoerle, Muss. Toussain ; I,e 'Bail-but, as be hi
already Wilt tiered epos rho Ind
then give his vote, unless she said Stock shall have been at. ppilit of fferilow which Om rot every page. Ii is With sersneett Wins Mr maim hie gv.wtug hews I, -
lie, Moos. Hollis', Pere. Maibilile, Silk. Massie; Jean- already dime all in their power le give effort to the report of
gaited. or shall have wow bY bequest, or bY mania or quite telieshing at this mourtit when gaveretacriste Rash hie mower above do ethereal assn. , • the Commispimeera, and all the snachifteri was ie prestrese.
"it'', M Re' Eli". Edllle,. Mile. Valet l Use Jell" Pm"' by succession to an iseestate's estate, or by She custom of • And mill dotes Heaves to surlily his edam!
lMiresrr. universallyit.ner
she
di,sitteedrarigghsessimiefkimlcesse.- backs. , Ow wont" dock* t...sei sik wads sway !
ndr, Mlle. Clotikle; Um 'tune Payssone, Mlle. Haiku. the City of Landow, or ►by any deed of settlement after she'lt did not eves &peed urn, ilia Airtime" le my when the
hew notes would be Witted; foe every body ounversoot its
After which. the Conde Interlude of death of any perste who shall have been entitled for life to ° a Lctllli I° . ylnif Poises pet pen..., and your OW betray.
ilehinery mein know, hot make nweeetaloi ottEheir4beleedis, lu
SYLVESTER DAGGERWOOD. the dividends of such Stark. find it mind so vigaccita ands pen so eitoproll tio staples. the : oho hi evil how, • • Moots@ eV itirtivi proolosims to Itirretit tibial/lorry,
Sylvester Dsgerrwerd, Mr. Yates; Fustian, Mr. COW. Mr. Canning... algialliningPlNl,i.Ogarprotlegi; ~,' amikortimelia p.wfrig •••‘- tiorogli-aleoriplerevis rollers la softie 'Om we le
During die meets she Theatre has been entirely new de- MEETING TO ADDRESS THE QUEEN. bine of resiehusse tpterstrastlise af'd the The •
potlawheile withie bie eras., require alteration ellen set ill nosiiimi. It was elmitia., _
corated sad embellished. 511 EETING of the LADIES *net BEN- of excluelm•Sovireirptio from HIM,. timer", when, Awl goats rad, tense in ~air
arias; lberefurec that acre he now to sable a period, he shoehl
A superb ,earns Cheat/eller, ow a novel pried*, and A TLEMEN of London, Westmitieter and Seethearb, by their
uct. they forfeit the conlldestee of Ibeir Reason revolts, insatiate third awes, owl) be increasing the public aosiety: and directing it te N
vonepletely ventilated, has been constructed by Mr. West. imleeded to have hero held on MONDAY, for the porno's
people. This merit the poem mu ',whinier of The wild delirium' each fresh draught resew.; Vilest time, subject to the indecisitra Whirls must overhang
Ornamental Lusters, (Cr Wac-light., surround the Dress of Cumeratelatieg her Majesty un tlx dose of the camla vain Ids people urge him to reboil., the progress of such a work as that alluded 10. He mold
Cirrle. sersitiat Is. is LEI totsel seediiint ..f f•a• ONI•=011.11...s• of the powerful interest which a subject aft dear to dos ... - ...
