FA.SIIJON•ADLI !XTZLLI;ZXCE.

The Dowager Marchionass of Salisbury left town yesterday, on
• visit to the Earl and Countess of Serum, at their lest, b.tike
Farm, Berke.
Emily Marchioness of Londonderry has left tows for her vat,
North Cray, Kent.
The Al arc II ion ea of Lausdows bat arrived in tows from key seat,
Dowood Park, IVilts.
Lord No eat lilt town yesterday for his seat, Lille's, Buck,.
Lord A Itberp has arrived at York, from • tour.
The Earl and Countess of Breadalbane have left East Bourne, on
a tour.

Hon. T. Dundee, M. P. left tun yesterday fur his seat,
Mark's Hall, Yorkshire.
The Earl of Sefton has artifact at his seat, &dm Fann, Berke,
front the Isle of Illght.
Departures from the London hotel, Albemarle-streets—J. L.
Rolm], Esq., for his seat is Devonshire; IYm. Crumble, Esq.
for the Continent.

.....
Tim lion. Mr. and Mrs. Rice Trevor have arrived at Lord
Dynevor's seat In Smash Wales, from a tour.
Arrivals at Read's Hotel, lAwar Grosvenor-street r—lienjarnin
IFyr. Esq. from Brighton; Wiliam llMille, Esq, and sone, from
Ellal Nail, Lancashire ;G. F. Balker, Esq. from his lest In
Cornwall; Josh. Scott, Esq. from Rams ate. hit Jaa. }'itagsrald,
Bart. has left ditto, far his seat to

Arrivals at 111;;it's Hotel, Lower Brook-street a Jan-
' kart'', Req., Mts. Faulterly and family, from the Continent; Mr.
and Mrs. Brown and family, from Richmond ; Hon. George and
Mr.. Vernon and family, from the Isle of Wight; O. C. °tendon,
Esq. (rent Cheltenham ; Wm. Laren, Esq. from the Continent;
tits Rev. W. Cuey, from ditto. Sir Richard and Lady Sutton and
tastily bare left ditto for their seat, Waiting Ilall, Noefelk.
Arrivals at Eirkham's Hotel, Lower Brook-strut I—W. 11.
Cowin, Req. train Brighton ; 11re. Leigb, from a tour. Robert
Ingham, Esq. has left ditto for his seat, South Shield..

The Princess Sophia Matilda entertained the Duchess
of Kent, the Duchess of Coburg, Prince Leopold, the
Princess Feature, and a select party to dinner yesterday,
at her residence at Blackheath.

The Duchess of Kent, the Duchess of Coburg, Prince
Leopold, and the Prince Frodoro honoured the Haymarket
Theatre with their presence In Thursday evening.
The Earl of Westmoreland, and the Lords Nugent and
Rochfort visited the French living skeleton yesterday, and
conversed with him fur sometime in French.

Yesterday morning the Lords of the King's Privy
Council held a meeting at the Council Office, Whitehall-
place.
Sir Walter Scott arrived in Dublin on Sunday, from
his southern tour. The worthy Baronet intended leaving
Ireland on Monday last, to proceed • y Holyhead to Wales.
We understand that it is the determination of the ma-
nagement at both the great winter houses to discourage, in
future, the custom which has of late years obtained, of pay-
ing their principal performers by nightly salaries, a system
as injurious to the interests of the theatres as to the pro-
fession itself. Mr. Macteady has in consequence, it is
said, accepted an engagement at Drury-lane, on a weekly
salary ; and Mr. Ward is to take the tir.t line in tragedy
ar Covent-garden, on the same plan.
ENG t.tut Oraaa Houss.—The splendid scenery in the
new Opera of Tareare has, it would seem, proved highly
attractive, the house having been crowded in every part.
It has excited the curiosity of the fashionable world : Lord
Burghersh has been a nightly visitor, and attended the re-
hearsals; the Countess of Stanhope, Lady Londonderry,
Countess St. Antonio, Prince Eaterhazy, the Marquis ut
Palsnella, Lady Ponsonby, Lady Cowper, Lady (Aerie-
ville, Lady Fitzroy Somerset, &c. have graced the boxes.
Died, on Sunday the 14th inst., after a few days' illness,
at Biddesdeu House, near Andover, where he was upon a
visit to his nephew, John Gale Everett, Esq. of Ileytes-,
bury, in the county of Wilts.
'1 he rector and parishioners of St. Mary Arches, Exe- ,
ter, have presented to their officiating minister, the Rev.
George Kemp, a handsome silver tea set, in testimony of
their high sense of the very able and zealous manner in
which lie has discharged his spiritual duties, and as a
tribute of their personal esteem.
CODDLTT AND Till CATNOI.ICB.-•-It is now quite ap-
parent, that the real object Cobbett has in view, is to ex-
cite disunion amongst the Catholics, to prevent their rally-
ing around Mr. O'Connell, or any other leader, and to ren-
der their best friends suspected in their eyes. For this!
purpose he equally slanders the living and the dead, and
dares even to assail the hallowed memory of Grattan. Still
further to paralyse their efforts, and to deprive them of all
motive or opportunity for combined exertion, he asserts,
with evident satisfaction, " the King's declaration, through-
the Duke of York, the speeches of Lords Liverpool and
Eldon, and the consequent peat hostile majority of the
Lords, sanctioned too by rent public ameobation, seem to
have set the seal to never-ending exclusion." Is not this
showing the cloven foot?—Dublin Freeman's Journal.
On the 6th of nest January the Bank of Ireland tokens
of all kinds cease to be a legal tender. Being then no
longer upon a footing with the coin of realm, they will of
course be worth nothing beyond their intrinsic value, and
consequently they will sufKr a depreciation of about thirty
per cent., or three-pmce in a tenpenny. It is understood
that th!.! Bank of Ireland is not bound to take them be-
yond the term mentioned.-1{ aterford Mirror.
" Before I have done with Charles Townshend," says
%Vastest', in one of his letters, " I must tell you of one
of his admirable bon met:. Miss Diayeote, the great for-
tune, is grown. very fat; he says her tonnage is equal to her
poundage.'
Tits Ceti:Boat sn Be as Donntsorom.-..Doddington
was very lethargic. Falling asleep one day, after dinner,
with Sit Richard Temple, Lord Cobham, and several
others, one of the party reproached him with his drowsi-
eras. He denied having been asleep, and to prove he had
not, offired to repeat all Lord Cobham had been saying.
Cobham challenged him to do so. Dodaington repeated a
story, and Lore Cobham owned he had been telling it.
"Well," said Wallington, "and yet I did not hear a word
'of it; hut I went to sleep &rause I knew that about this
'lime of duo yosi would tell that story ."
The skifetes. it seems, was about to insure kis life at one
of the public offices. lie was told that they did not insure
bones, but if he was married they would insure its rib.
The Gas Company at Brighton have instructed Mr.
Genrge Robins to sell their vacant building ground by
public auction. It is intended to erect S5l hous2s icnrue-
, finitely contiguous to Kemp Town. These buildings will
have an uninterrupted sea view.

LITERARY GLEANINGS.

No. XIV.

SPECIMENS OF LOVE LETTERS IN THE HEIGI ;If
EDWAltlt IV.
From the Second Volume of a Collection of Original Latrawi,
written during the reign, of Henry VI, Edward It, a„,t
Richard 111. By John Fenn, Eau. M.A. and F.R.S.
Right reverend and worshipful, and my right well he.
loved Valentine, I recommend me unto you, full heartily
desiring to hear of your welfare, which I beseech A;.
mighty God lung fur to preserve unto his pleasure,
your beitell desire.
Antl if it please you to hest of my welfare, I em not h,
gootl heele dna] of body, nor of bean, nor shall be uo
I hear from you.
For there notice gismo] no/resters that pain I endure,
And lot to be dead (for erg Web I dare It net der (Avow*
And my lady my mother lath laboured the motor ,
my father full diligently, but she can no more get than ye
know of fur the which God knuweth lam full sorry. Ilut
if that ye love me, as I trust eerily that ye do, ye will Lot
leave me therefore; for if that ye had not half the Lt,
hood that ye have, for to do the greatest labour that L.,
e
woman alive might, I would not forsake you.
And If ye command me to keep me tree sheerer I go.
I wle I will do Al my might you Whore, and het,' no L:9
And if coy friends my, that I do moles.
They shall not me let to for to do,
Mine heart me bide ever more to love you.
Truly over sll earthly this&
And tithe, ha never so wrath,
I trust it shall be better in time evening.
No more to you at this time, but the holy Trinity P.:v..
you in keeping; and I beseech you that this bill tie
seen of none earthly creature save only yourself, &e.
And this letter was endited at Toperoft, with full hit...
heart, &c. By your own,
MAzocat Brion.
Right worshipful and well beloved Valentine, in my
most humble wise, I recommend me unto you, &c. Anl
heartily I thank you for the letter; which that ye send me
by John Beckerton, whereby I understand and know, that
ye be purposed to come to Toperoft in short time, and
without airy errand or matter, but only to have • conch-
'lion of the matter betwixt my father and you ; I would be
the most glad of any creature alive, so that the mow(
might grow to effect. And thereas Eivherear3 ye say, end
Dfj ye come and find the matter no more towards you
than ye did afore time, ye would no more put my father
and my lady my mother to no cost nor business tot that
cause a good while after, which cauaeth my heart to be
full heavy; and if that ye come, and the matter tak, to
none effect, then should I be much more sorry, and full of
heaviness.

And as for myself I have done, and understand in lc
matter that I can or may, as God knoweth ; and 1 let 100
plainly understand, that my father will no more muse,
part withal in that behalf, but an 1001. and so inatk.
(331. 6s. SI) which Is right far from the accoinplUni,Lt
of your desire.
Wherefore, if that ye could be content with that goat
and my poor person, 1 would be the merriest maiden ,41
ground ; and if ye think not yourself so satisfied, or thi;
yc might have much more good, as I have understood I.v
you afore; good, true, and loving valentine, that ye tab,:
no such labour upon you, as to come more for that matter
but let [what] is, pass and never more be spoken of.
as I may be your true lover and beadwouran dutirz
my life.
No more unto you at this time, but Almighty Jciu plc.
serve you both body and soul, &c.
By your Valentine,
11.aatat Batws.

Toperoft, 143-7.
ANAGRAMS.

The writing of anagrams, trivial as this recreation ma•
now appear, was once the favourite amusement of men el
learning and ingenuity, and has found an advocate in en,.:
of the most learned of our English writets, Camden, whe
in his " Remains" has bequeathed to the world a math.
on this curious subject.
Of the antiquity of this invention there can be no doubt.
Camden seems disposed to refer its origin even to the tithe
of Noses, and conceives that it might have formed ROM
share in the mystical traditions, afterwards called tobabs,
communicated by that divine lawgiver to the choler;
Seventy. Another writer on this subject observes, that the
cabalists among the Jews were professed anagramma,ists ;
the third part of their art which they called /hems's', Os:
is " changing," being nothing but the art of making
acs-
grams, or of finding the hidden and mystical routing in
names ; which they did by transposing, changing, sad dif-
ferenily combining the letters of those names. '/bus, of
the letters of Nuah's name in Hebrew, they made era,e ;
and of the Messiah, they made he shall tejoier.
Among modern nations, the French appear t I have most
cultivated this species of wit, which Camden says " they
exceedingly admire and celebrate for the deep and far-
fetched antiquity and mystical meaning thereof." In the
reign of Francis the First, when learning began to revive,
they " began to distil their Wits herein ; and unclog
their first efforts was an anagram on the name of that
monarch."

France:As do Valoy—Da &con Gull royal.

Le Labourettr, the historian, who wrote the " History of
Charks VI," and the " Genealogies of Noble Families,"
was extremely well pleased with an anagram mails on the
inistrt lb of Charles IX. which he assures us was histori-
cally just. Her name was Marie Touche', which being
an agrammatised, forms Je chorine tout. An equally hen,
anagram was made of the name of the assassin of llctiry
111. of France. lie war called Frere Jacques Clement.
The anagram, without changing any thing, is C'est tent' er
qui m'a erre. Another, not less expressive, was formed by
changing Louis de Boucherat into est la lo uelie Ju eel, NI.
de Boucht rat being Chancellor of France when the annum
was made.

Of the success of the ROMIIIIS in this art we hare no ex-
amples. Ca t.vt ps alludes to the partiality of the Italian.
for it. "In England," he adds, " I know some, who,
forty years since, have bestowed some idle hours herrtu
with good success ; albeit our English names, running
rough with cragged consonants, are not so smooth and easy
for transposition as the French and Italian.** Accord-
ingly, he only furnishes a single instance of Engli.h ans-
gratnrcatism, which is on James I.

Chari,s James Stuart :—Claicns Arthur's seat.

" And this," save the author, gravely, "shows his on•
d subted rightful claim to Me monarchy of Britain, as nit-
lessor to the fibrous ging Arthur !"l'his anagram was
the production of Dr. Walter tlwyn, who, as appears from
a note to one of Owen's epigrams, published a collection
of these jags desprit. It farther appears from Owen.
tote, that the anagram was written previous to the actual
occurrence of the event which it seemed to indicate. fa
that case, ii is not merely applicable to its original, as re-
quired by Canuleu's definition, but prophetically so, which
it is presumed must be the highest merit, or ne plea ultra w.
this species of composition.
Sir Symonds d'Ewes, in his account of Carr. Earl of Se-
rnerset and his wife, notices an anagram which appeared
the time "not unworthy to be owned by the rarest wits 0:*
the age."
Thomas Overbery :-0 ! 0 ! base munhyt !
Sylvester, the translator of Du Hams, considered him-
'elf fortunate, when he found in the name of his sovereigi,
the strongest bond of affection to his service :
James Stuart :—..—A just masts?.

One " Alistris Ma sr Foos," who nourished in the time
of Charles I, was pertaps the most prolific anagrammatir.
England over produced. She published a whole bock of
anagrams and acrostics, under the title of "Fare •
Rowts," in which the names of the King and (loom.
and all the Dukes, Marquises, Earls, Viscounts, EthoiA•
Barons, Privy Councillors, Knights of the Carter, and
Judges of the three Kingdoms of England, fleottandt au'.
Ireland, to the number of no less than four hundred apt•
twenty, are ansgrammatized, and each anagram illusresml
by an equally curious acrostic, The following may set
a specimen of her manner
To the Right lion. John Earl of Weymcs, hard Werrora
.110libr WEVINZI.
Anturtamena—Shes men pp.
I n your great honour, free from all alloy.
0 truly noble Werra. you skew Melt joy a
string your values in their clearer sight,
I othing them is can breed them more delight.
W ith joy your 'lame, so cloth men content :
E. vet we pray it might be permantnt
IC our virtuous life doth breed so geese delight;
Id en wish your endless joy, you to requite ;
E ternall joy may unto you aucceede.
S /using messily sho do your comfort breed.
In a "New Help to Discourse," 12mo. London. lts.e.

~.

\N

o, i..sic an Englisk.adagam, with a eery quaint epigram-1
acne " exposition.
Toast—.--A S, :l.
" A mast Is like a pot ; or, witsi is most
comparative, a sot is like a toast ;
For when their substances In liquor Rink.
Moth properly are said to be in drink."
it Is however on proper names that anagrams have ,
Alerts been carders, ; and much of their merit arises
.rsti the asmeistion of itlas—" • trifler isan only prod/Nei
srbat is killing, but an elegant mind may delight by some,
,lestatt allusions, and a satirical one ty its causticity." ,1
44:ht starling of the letters in a name produced **happy;
„ortiment ; at, in Vs as ow was found Rt.lolol ; MI the
.viehrated Sir Tuom•s iVa•r left We own designation in,
~,„m00e..... wit. Of the poet W a Luta, the anagrams-
us: amil,
.4 Ills bases mad net with laurel to be bound,
OM M hie now with towel be is erown'd."
Rom s 1101 II In; the otstior 4 a:riga 111111 ON n II-
NaLonl, was complimented by an espeessive anagram :
Lo I woes heroli.
AWgrani: soya Mr. D'lsratli. "were often devoted
iodic primal attachments of love or friendship-..afrriend
delighted* twine his name with that of his ftkad. 'Coo-
olAwaPa poet had a literary intimate of the name o
4: all, eW was Isis posthomous editor ; and in &tang
„nee& lines, discovers that his best friend awe
*es COP ; for so the anagram of CrJrhaue awns:—Ae was
4.,,r. OD this quaint discovery, he has indulged all the
totilarns of his recollections :
. Waster then Crashes', or um Crashes' Car ?
t'rip both within one name combined area '
a, Cat's Crashes., he's Car : tie love alone
'Met melts two hearts, of both composing woe,
illw.Cesshawe's still the same," Ac.
Primps the happiest anagram on a name was that pro.
Aft& sn Lady Etta NOR DAVIIIII, the wife of the erle-
testes: IlLt John Davits, the poet. She was the Cassandra
I the age ; antt ievenl of her predictions encouraged her
to reaftin she was a prophetess. As her phoplieries in
the anahled times of Clarks I were usually against the
isorammeat, she was at length brought by them into the
II es Court of Commission. The pmplietess was not a
!ink mad, and fancied the spirit of Daniel was in her,
frail an anagram she had formed of her name :
Minima Lantos s—Rr.e..ll, 0 Amid!
The sitcom hail too much by an I and too little by an
• , vet Daniel and Reteai were in it, and that was aufh-
Arm to satisfy her inspirations. The Court attempted to
,spel the spirit from the lady ; but the Bishops reasoned
Ate point with her out of the Mctiptures to no purpose, the
;using left against text, until one of the Deans of the
Arrbes. says Ilrylin, shut her through awl throsei with am
wryer humored fruit her own quiocr. 'Felting up a pen,
ii: hit arson this excellent anagram :
Pawl Earauoa Davies : near so mad • talk !
nil happy fancy put the solemn Court into a laughter,
mil CamiteQrs into the utmost dejection of spirits. Foiled
il bee own weapons, her energy soddenly forsook her; and
'ldler she sever afterwards ventured nn prophecying, or the
si-agraro perpetually reminded bier hearers of her state—
:,a se bear no more of this proplieteits.

Aeoteow relates a homourous account of an anagram-
r greet, after abutting himself up for half a year, and
:sling many liberties with the name of his mistress, disco-
an presenting his anagram, that he had tois-spelt
sornsme. lie was so thunderstruck with his mister-
ea, that in a little time after he lost his senses, which,
..,,Seed, had been very much impaired by the continual ep-
ithelium be had given to his anagram.
The 'election of anagrams here made might have been
ansiderably extended, but they will be sufficient to show
;be ingemuty of the writers in former times in this art, and
11 tiny now only be necessary to transcribe a few of the
Isar anagrams of the present day, made by those who, as
Camden says, I.ave " bestowed sonic idle hours in distilling
lien. wits herein." In the following French words will be
tottsl an extraordinary anagram—" Revolution From-
,4rfe." Take from these the word " Veto," known as the
:ire prerogative of Louis XIV., opposed to the Revolu-
tionists, and the remaining letters will form the words
Ma Corte la fieira," in English, " 4 Corticatt so •
III 11) Iv." Bonaparte was rather a fertile subject for
41467,1116, is will appear from the following examples :
Napoleon Bonaparte :—No : apptor mot of iibs.
Napoleon flonaparo :—Bona apt', leas. puns.
Lucius Napoleon lionspana subalreso !Serous arms
Imperator. eapiuut populi.
The great risll with Bonaparte in the military glories of
a, age furnishes a no less appropriate anagram:
Arthur Wellertry llruka of Wellington--
Let well jtifd Gaol ~care thy renown.
That on the hero of the Nile was still better, and per-
t..ps one of the happiest of modern anagrams :
Houart• ALLOW r---Roger rat el Nilo.

11 following one re very descriptive of die melancholy
I,t %Ouch it records. The letter P. C. must here be
to brand for Priam& Charlotte.
Princess Charlotte Augaeta of Watts—
P.C.

Mr aw...gist roes is kit 1
. 0 ! 1.14 nevi !
The following are amusing, and, generally, very sppro-
Lore to IV IL
Trieriph • • • Great help.
- . Gel 11.•
ChllfUlte • • . Bard case.
Lsoyess . . • . . S 7, wars.
When, at the General Peace of Isl 4, Paessia Leconte
• ,rs,.hed with s prtien of Sos,my, the King of Prussia is-
• a new coinage of tix dollars with the name of that
rm. %bleb, in German is Reiehataliter, impressed on them.
these circulate in the Prussian part of Saxon, ; and the
`nom, hy thus disiding the word Mat Reich-stall-er,
71,ake nut a sentence, of which the literal translation is,
" Ile etnk a A ingtom.** The French, who are very fond
t mating anagrams, hare discorend that La Sainte 4111-
. c is nothing more than La Sainte Casailk.

Itesohnlon

It hu been remarked, as a fact worthy of attention, that
all the powers of Europe, France is the only one who
Las, at this moment, a priest among its Ministers. We
may observe, and it is an obset ration which grows na-
• orally out of this fact, that our archbishops are now snore
i‘otevful than our prefects, and our curates more powerful
tban our mayors.—Fresek Paper.
It appears by an article from St. Peteraburgh that the
Ammer in a very unpleasant one, with daily rains, hail, i
and lu h winds.
Accuurits bad been recently received from China, an-
ramneing that the agitations produced by the failure of the
r•ps fur the last two years, and the ravages mad, by
ea iturks., are said to have been allayed since the last
pr.kluetive busiest, which has been accompanied by a ces-
sation of die disorder. The conseveneas of these events
ire, Loiterer, still felt, especially in trade, which has bar
sue gteatly eniLarraued by the insolvency of the Chinese
:,,ereltants. It is said that in the town of flu-Chu-Dscheu
were 60 houses have stopped payment.
Libra from Stockholm of thr :id August state, that the
dams of the United States had been arranged, and that
Mr. Coined, the gentleman appointed to conduct the nego-
:isnot, bad left that capital. Sir Benjamin Bloomfield
bad sot returned from St. Petcrsbargli. The trade he-
taste Sweden and Norway is said to have increased consi-
derably.
free •r Ilanovia.--On the 211th July, at
Lilrer to the afternoon, the earth sunk in and lefts large
Talng in the district of Barba; it is 100 feet in diameter,
~sjeatinnea to enlarge. It cannot be seen hew deep it
s'°: tot: stones being thrown in, a noise is heard after the
lifer of a minute, and some sounds as if they had fallen
aw water,

Accounts have bon received in town from the Enter.
In* Ireifut steam lewd, dated jut as the post was leasing
i'emeuth, on Tuesday, stating that every person was em-
ILizied, Ind as ebb stud, though .t:11 westerly, was light,
TO2 vessel wooed lest:: that port the Lime afternoon.
Enlish capitalists hare forms! tbepreject of tits-
si!k 'manufactories in Sicily, by means i.f steam en-
oet. in order to export the produce to England.-.-Coer, icc
reisnsic

A short time ago an often/modify One us was imported
'Au)
as Aw kirerput.l tiom Alesantbia in E The animal
rie

-.e ere understand, been purchased of the int
t!le Gilmer' of the late Jaanna Soutbcote, at At=
'"la•Lae, in this cou:ity. 1V e koow not whet use the
'lo,ircre of the (le ceased prophetess purpose snaking et it;
Lei, it is said, they rt-Asril it an an invaluable tressuee,
i'L.Nu.:nee of its being a native of the East. They p,e,
tuAlcrstantl, 123 ;;t.iness for the anitnal.—Lieerpool

Abhltrl.c .
OF TILE PROVISIONAL cIuVELNMEN? AND ECCLE.
el.toThhe I, hllt`he'll OF GnEm,::.
HELITEEED 1150 K THE TORE OT Tilt 1•1'Alluila musette-
, MAN, TO lIIS HOLTIERS COL 111. Pori., VISIBLE HEAD
[ DT THE UNITERAAL CHRISTIAN C:it:Eit.:2l.
--.011.A.,...
" Moat UGLY FATRER—The Mourectiou of Greece.
trine, the most terrible enemy of the worehip of the true
(aettle bur an artisatel in the dangerous principles which
modwit weinnas, by means of secret associations, have
circulated lie Ihmspe, and whose fatal consequences in
that quartet of the globe hest then bat too manifest.
Thum der agoshiprisieiples were about to shake the equi-
libriums atissieg istueds the did:lent Powers, to disturb
piano and peivaloolirmquillitv. to cast from their thrones
thole himataahlleareits which the Supreme Ming has
el 4.
. ~........ arid Mildly to overthrow those
anal 'mien laws, which, placing rrhn
ga:Zess
empire ofjetetire, secures every indivi-
lONA 111==e1
. . Greece, a prey fur centwies to the
most died esplovision--Greeze crushed beneath the yoke!
at Mahelasetatt usurpation, had hopes that the powerful
assn of the Christian Princes would snatch her from her
Istate of slavery, if sot from motives of humanity, at least!
foam revert for that holy relieion which Glad, meek Man.
titled with his blood, to which ea many illustrious preach-
en leave reetkrel testimony, when io torments they earned. i
the crown of martyrdom, sad upon which the Sovereigns
of Cliiistendorn found the etistence sod preservation oft
their crowns.
" From the rear It To to Iso7, Greece expected her free-1
Mont to come Wont Russia ; anti is that expectation she
made sacrifices of all Linda to that Power. Deceived, how- I
overt in her hopes, she turned her eves towards France ;
Lt ISPiI that new illusion vanished, and she fixed her
on England. The occupation of the lonian Islands
lefts Enhhabeettleseised at that time the expectation of
; fur a anman she imagined she was about to take
'beittook iodaos ; bu English policy was not theta
bilis to thsiiairttlNt. and theceosion of Pugs to the ty-
r
upon themselves for their liberty."
details the sufferings and degrade-
does to which the Creels were subject, under the execrable
tyranny of the Turks. Having juetitied the insurrection,
it proceeds.'
• Greece, however, surmounting every obstacle, has be-
come at this day, at the price of her Wood, free from the
Muuulinan tyranny throughout the greater part of her
territory. NO hope now remains to the followers of Sta.
Wan of again profaning the threshold of the disciples of
the Gospel.
" Greece is free! The whole nation is armed, and
-watches her security, she is certain of conquest because
she is resolved to die buried beneath her own ruins, rather
than again beml her neck to the yoke. She at present feels
the imperious necessity of union and consolidation, under
the parental sceptre of a Christian, apostolic, and orthodox
monarch, in order to Conn under him an independent ling-
dom. and to become by his position a 'stronger barrier than
the Ottoman empire fur the neighbouring powers.
" This kingdom once established, Greece will be:reatly
to adopt all the laws which would be judged useful and
advantageous either for the interests of her regeneration,
or fur that of European policy. She demands a christian
monarch, and royal blood, as that alone will re-establish
public and private tranquillity, destroy civil discord, stifle
all private pretensions to power ; that alone will guarantee
our holy religion, will fasten the holy bands with the holy
Roman Pontiff, whom we acknowledge as the centre of
unity, as the Chief Shepherd of the Universal Church,
of Jesus Christ, both East and West, without, however,
any alteration or change of the sacred rites, discipline, cute.
toms, and institutions of the Greek Church • the whole
under the belief, and in manner entirely cot:formable to
what was decided in the Holy Council of Florence. Such
is, Moat Holy Father, the desire of the Provisional Govern-
ment of the Metropolitans, of the Archbishops, Bishops,
and of all the Elders of Greece. August mysteries! sub.
lime and wonderful decrees of the wisdom of a Got who
watches over the nations of Christians, redeemed by the
precious blood of his only Son! The Meek Lamb, the
most worthy Patriarch of Constantinople, Gregory expired
upon the veaffuld by the sanguinary ruder of the Sultan, a
declared enemy of the Christian name. It was thus
perished his illustrious predecessor the Learned Pa-
triarch Cyrillus, after having been torn hom his
native place, Adrianople. The fate of the gftter part
of the Synod has been similar to that of its venerable
Chief. Their forsaken bodies were delivered to the Jews,
who, in hatred of Christianity, after having dragged them
through the streets, venting imprecations upon them, and
treating them with all manner of outrage, threw thou into
the sea. The body of the patriarch was saved from the
waves, and secretly picked up by a Christian, who trans-
pened it to Odessa, where it was buried with all the Ito-
noun befitting his rank and virtues. 'flie oilier victims
were not so fortunate, except the venerable octogenarian
Denys, metropolitan of Ephesus, who, after having been
dragged through the dirt by the Jews, was at last sold to
the Greeks for its weight in gold, and buried in the church
of the most Holy Virgin at Ikea.
" The Greek Church was then reduced to widowhood,
without a synod or a bead. The Sultan created new Pa-
triarchs and new Bishops to occupy the empty places of
those holy men slain by his exterminating sword. But in
free Greece, amid the tumult of arms, the provisional Go-
vernment has occupied itself with assembling the ecclesias-
tical heirareby in Synod ; with declaring the new Patriarch
and Bishops illegitimate intruders, and with an athewiatising
with all the rigour of the canons, all who should acknow-
ledge or communicate with them, so that they were only
obeyed among that portion of the Greeks who yet groan
under the tyranny of the Turks. In this state of widowhood
Greece returns to the Roman Pontiff, the Vicar of Christ
and Supreme Chief of the Church ; she prays him unite
all the faithful shepherds with the children of the Greek
Church, of whatever rank, dignity, or condition they may
be, and treat them as his own children, according to the
promise of divine wisdom. (Et fief soon *vile, el souls
pesters)
" The example of the Greek Church, when welded to the
Roman Pontiff, will soon be followed by that of her
daughters, the Churches of Bulgaria, Smits, Aloblavia, and
even Russia, and it will then be that the prophecy of the
gospel will be accomplished : " Ut flies Jr. qui (rani Ilia-
peal eottgregarel in varim."t
Providence, most Holy Father, seems to open this means
to you, to recal to your holy authority all the dispersed cheep;
if your Holiness hesitated a moment in acceding to the
wishes and desires of the Greeks, yet would render your-
self a sinner against him who instituted your authority,
via., Christ our Divine Lord; and then at your last
hour, when all the faults of your life will be drawn to.
gofer to be presented to your dying eyes, with what fear
wouhl not your souls be assaulted when the voice of the
Holy Ghost would resound in your ran the words formerly
inspired by Lim in the Prophet Ezekiel : "Et disperse'
aunt owes met, eh quod non esset pastor, nequc elite' quce- 1
siverunt pastores mei gregem 'ileum ; reel paseebant pas-1
tores semetipsos, et greges tacos non pascebant.":
The address then endeavours to show that to accomplish
this object it is not necessary that the Pope should subject
himself to any expense or sacrifice. All that is required ice,
that he should, as the Vicar of Jesus Christ, intercede with
the Princes of Europe in favour of the Greeks. The ex.
amples of his predecessors who have done so, arc pointed
out for his imitation. The addicts out iu theme'
words :—J 1
" The mission with which the undersigned have berth
charged by his countrymen, is a proof of the confidence
which lie leas deserved from them for the services he has
rendered Isis country. Recourse has not been hail to the
ordinary means of conveying despatches, because it was
wished that no doubt might exist of the result of your
Holiness's answer to this supplication. The Greeks found
their hopes of its meeting a favourable reception from the
obligation imposed on your Holiness as father of the faith-
ful, to aid them when they implore your protection ; upon
the justice of their cause ; upon the state of affairs which
render their triumph vu probable, sod lastly, upon the good
faith and sincerity with which they humbly lay this sap-
Oration at yuur Holiness's feet. If their hope is 'beep-
!
white], they will nut at least have to bear to the grave, in

And awe sheepfold 1,4.. e shepherd shaU there be.
f That he might assemble into one the sons of Uod who were
&messed.
t And my sheep are (livened because the shepherd was not, nor
have nay shepherds soughtst y ; but the sitepherd.s have red
th.ntselees, and nty tt.t ks have they not led.

,~

•
X:.

tv s
•st • • t •-• •
hi Or OliSr. 0311.*:itte attempted all
I rows to free themsclies ; and perhaps their ruin would
excite remorse, although, alas ! too late, in the breasts of
those who might ses'ir have saved them.
" The undersigned would .produce other reasons to urge
in person to your Ifoliness, would yoti grant him an'
audience.
" Deign, your Holiness, to receive the humble homage
of the undersigned ; permit him to kiss your sacred fret ;
and of begging, prostrate before the throne of the Prince
of the Apostles, sour use holy and apostolic benediction
upon him and all Greece.
(Signed) " The Special Commissioner of Greece,
" Capt. Nicosia fit Le a La, a Greek.
" Rome, 24-.12 May, tiffs."
HORRORS OF fire FRENCIT REVOLUTION.
Th.• following narrative of the atrocious massacres in
the prisons of Paris, plaaned by Danton and his associates,
on the night of the 30th and Ste of August, 1793, and
known as the work of the Septemberizere, is eat:serest from
the History of the French Revolution lately written by
'ti Thiers and M. Rodin.
" Three years before, it peon named Maillanl figured
at the heel of the band of wipes who marched to Ver-
4ailks on the famous Stb of (Weber. This Maillsel was
'a bailiff by wecupatioa ; in mind, intelligent; in disposi-
tion, ranguinaq ; and, Mace the unquiet times of the re-
httion had left every roan at large to etre his own Ms
fluene, without say cowered or impediment, lie had col-
Ilected together a band of ignorant and low-born associates,
Who weft prepared for every desperate undertaking. lie
himself was captain of this bead ; and, if we may credit
• discovery which transpired so long a time after the crest
it refers to, he was employed by. Dalton and his party is
the execution of the most atrocious cruelties. He was
ordered to place himself is a situation best calculates' to
effect his dire intention; is prepare instrument. of death;
Ito take every precaution to stifle the cries of his victims;
I.bod to have viuegar„holly-hrosaii. lime, land covered car-
riages in readiness for all those purposes."
Oa the Id of Szptesober,-i-
-" The ministers assembled tar hotel of the marine de-
partment only waited to Denton, to hold their Council.
The whole city waste tiptoe. Terror reigned in the prisons.
The Royal Family, to whom every noise seemed menace,
anxiously demanded the cause of so much agitation. The
gaukru of the several prisons appeared struck with conster-
nation. Ile who had the tare of the Ablaye sent away
his wife and children in the morning. Dinner was served
to the prisoners two hours before the accustoms! time
and all the knives were takes Irma their plates. Alarmed
at these circumstances, the victims demanded the cause
with importunity, but could obtain no answer. At two
o'clock the generale commenced beating to arms ; the
tocsin sounded, and the alarunt cannon was fired. Troops
of citisens crowded to the Champ de Mars ; others sur-
rounded the commune and the assembly ; and all the
public places were, in like manner, thronged to elem.
" This was the moment chosen for the transfer of eighty
recusant priests from the Hotel de Ville to the Abbey.l
They were removed in hackney-cosehee, escorted by Memel
and some confederates, and conducted at a slaw papa
toward, the Faubourg St. Germain, along the pass, the
l'ont Neuf, and the Rue Dauphine. The rabble sur-
rounded the carriages, and heaped upon them every insult.
The confederates pointed them out: Behold,' said they,
' the conspirators *lto had designed to murder us, our
wives, and children, whilst we were on the frontiers.'
These words heightened the indignation of the multitude.
The doors of the coaches were opened, and the unfortu-
nates within endeavoured to eliut them to shelter themselves
from the . outrages which assailed them, but the attempt
was ineffectual, and they were forced to sit patiently under
the assaults of the infuriated populace. They at last ar-
rived at the court of the Abbaye. An immense crowd had
collected there to meet them. This court led to the
prisons, and communicated with the saloon where the sec-
(ions of the ' Four Nations' held their sittings. The first
carriage drew up before the door of the committee, and was
immediately surrounded by a throng of furious locking
men. Maillard was already there. The coach door being
opened the priest nearest to it descended, and was making
his way towards the committee, when he fell covered with
a thousand wounds. 'l' lie second end, &Toured to draw
back, but was dragged out by force, and suffered the fate
of the former. The two °there shared the same fate, and
their murderers then abassioned the Ora carriage, and
betook themselves to those which followed. These entered,
one after another, the fatal court, and the last of the
eighty priests expired amidst the savage acclamations of the
furious rabble.

" At the moment of the consummation of ibis bloody
deed, Hillaud-Varrennes le...ived on the spot. Of all those
concerned in these I:igittful massacres, he alone dared
constantly to approve of them, and appear personally active
in their perpetration. lie now came boldly forward, and,
with his scarf of office on his shoulders, walked in the
blood, and trampled on the bodies of the murdered priests,
addressing at the same time the butcher throng about him.
People, said he, you have done your duty, you have
I sacrificed your enennes. The, voice of Mediated was im-
mediately after heard above the crowd. There is nothing
more to be done here,' cried he, ' let us go to the church
of the Carmelites.'

"In this place uon priests were confined. The gang
broke into it, and the unhappy victims, giving up all hope
ejaculated a prayer to heaven, embraced one another, and
resigned themselves to death. The Archbishop of Arles
was first sought out, and, being soon discovered, was de-
'patched by a sabre cut over the neck. But the sword was
found too dilatory a weapon ; Are arms were, therefore re-
sorted to, and general discharges of musketry quickly
strewed the church with the bodies of the dead ; some also
full in the garden, others, in attempting to climb over the
walls, and some in the trees, where they had endeavoured
to conceal themselves.

" IVlrilst this massacre was carrying on at the church of
the Carmelites, Mallard, with a party of his band return-
ed to the Abbaye. lle presented himself at the section of
the Four Nations, covered with perspiration and blood,
and demanded ' wine for his brave comrades, who had de-
livered the nation from its enemies.' The committee,
struck with consternation, granted him twenty-four pints.
" This was served out upon tables in the court, in the
midst of the mangled bodies of those slain in the afternoon.
Th 3 wine was scarcely drank when another atrocious scene
took place. Mallard, who was the leader in all these mas-
sacres, pointing to the prison, cried out ' d I' Abbaye ' (to the
Abbey). Ile then led the way, and was followed by his
gang, who assaulted the gate of the prison with violence.
The poor wretches within heard the din, and considered
it a signal for their death. The gaoler and his wife
fainted through fright. The doors were burst open. The
first prisoners who were laid hold of were dragged out by the
feet, and thrown bleeding into the court, to be butchered by
the mob. Meanwhile Mallard and some of his most faithful
comrades demanded the gook r's register, and the keys of the
several prisons. (Inc of the gaolers, however, more bold
than the rest, cadeavosred to remonstrate ' • and, advancing
tenants the wicket of the door, he mounted on a stool, and
addressed the multitude: ' 41y friends,' said he ' I ace you
are bent upon the destruction of the aristocrats, the ene-
mies of the people, who have eonspired against the lives of
your wives and children. In this you are undoubtedly
right but you are geed citizens, you love justice, and
world be shocked. to dep your hands in innocent blood.'
' Yes, yes,' cried out the executioners. ' I ask, then,' re-
sumed the gaoler, ' if you do not expose yOUrself to the
danger of confounding the innocent with the guilty, alien
you rush like tigers upon your prey, waling no distinction,
and listening to no appeals.' 11, re he was interrupted by
one of the gang, who flourishing his sabre, exclaimed
• ll'ould you bare us sleep in the midst of danger ? If
the Prussians and Austrians were at Pails, would they
distinguish between guilt and innocence? I base a wife
and children, whom 1 wJI not leave in danger. If you
think fit, give the scoundrels arms, and we will engage an
equal number of them, Ina Paris thus: Le purged before
we depart." Bight, right,' exclaimed many emote, sad a
push was made figward; cevertheless they were at last
prevailed on to desist, and consent to a species of trial.
f he gaoler's books were then given up, and it was decided
that one of the band should be appointed president, to
reel the names, and the cause of every priseetier'• denti-
tion, and that immediate sentence should be passed or all
the culpripts. The Loden' of electing a kwftiarte now
engaged the attention of all, sod the natte of Maar(' was
shouted from every quarter. This bkiod.thirsty butcher
was, therefore, instantly invested with his terrific but eon-
, genial authority; and, sated before a table covered with

• .
i the pokes registers. turd surrounded by a few of his gang,
chosen at random front the multitude, to assist hint by
their advice, the prisoners were summoned, one after
another, before his appalling judgment sea:. They were
led out to their trial by hands already dyed in blood, and
then thrust among the wild beasts, panting for their
destruction. The sentence of condemnation was pro-
, nounced in these words—' Monsieur a la Ford (to (to the
j prison of La Force), and the unfortunate vietlllrhas then
precipitated through the p.trtition which separated the;
Judges front the exce..Atoll/is, and found his death on the,
blades of sabres already clotted with carnage.
" The first who went brought letere this dread tribunal
were the Swiss soldiers imprisoned in the Abbaye, whose
officers had been reronred to the Conciergerie. ' You are
those.' said Maillard, ' who assasainated the people oh the
loth August.' But we were attacked,' replied the unfi r-
tunates, ' and obeyed out commanders.' It dots not
signify,' resumed Maillard. coldly, and pronour.ccd the
sentence A la Force.' The wretched victims could not
mistake the dire import of these words, for they perceived
the menacing sabres on the other side of the wicket ; they
,hung back, and crowded behind one another in fear-
ful recoil, till one, more bold than the rest, asked,
1' Whither he must pass.' The door was opened to him ;
land, stooping his head, he rushed with hopeless despera-
non into the midst of sabres and pikes. The rest followed
'his example, and shared his fate.
" The females were all now locked up together in the
wile room, and other prisoners were brought forward.
Suveral accused of forgers nest suffered. After them the
celebrated titontmorin, whose acquittal hail caused so much
discontent. but bad not gained him his freedom. was let
lout. tieing presented to the blood-stained President, he
declared that he had been tried by the regular tribunal,
and could acknOwlettge smother. It!it es,' replied !fails
lard, prepare, nevertheless, for a different ssntence.'
The es-Minister. who uadoutood not this language, asked
for a ca'riage. Ile was answered he would tin".l one at the
it aof . lie then itlututteal permission to take With hint a
few necessaries, but, receiving no answer, he advanced
towards the wicket, and there discovered and fell into the
suare of death.
" After him, Thiery, the valet-dcschambre of the king,
was led forward. Like master, like man,' exelaimed
Medlar& and he was instantly assassinated. Boob and
Bocquillon then advanced. They were accused of having
been members of a secret otientnittee held at the Tuileries,
and this was sufficient fur their condemnation and death.
The night was now fast approaching, and the prisoners,
hearing the acclamations of the assassins, felt they had but
a few moments to live.

" This frightful massacre lasted the whole night. The
executioners and judges alternately exchanged their situa-
tions. Wine stimulated their thirst for blood, and the gob-
lets out of which they drank were marked with the prints of
their blood-dropping ringers. 'let in the midst of this car-
nage some victims were spared, and their lives were granted to
them with every frantic demonstration of drunken joy. One
young man, who was claimed by one of the section;, and de-
elated free from aristocracy, was acquitted in the midst of
acclamations of Long live the nation !' and carried in
triumph in the blood-stained arms of the executioners
The venerable Surobreuil, governor of the invalids, was
afterwards led forth and condemned. His daughter, from
the middle of the prison, heard his fate pronounced, and
lb pringing forward, darted into the midst of the plkes and
sabres, clung round her father, and implored mercy from
the murderers in such an heart-piercing accent, and such
torrents of tears, that their fury was for a moment 6U G•
pentled. To put her sensibility to the test, they offered her
• goblet full of blood. Drink,' said they, drink the
blood of the aristocrats !' She drank, and her father was
sa►ed. The daughter of Caaotte also succeeded in rescuing
her parent in like manner ; but she was still more happy
and obtained his safety without undergoing such a horri,:le
test of her affection.

" These scenes caused tears to stream from the eyes of
the assassin., yet they returned immediately to demand
fresh victims ; and one of those who had .diaplayed this
sensibility instantly resumed his dreadful office ut loading
out the prisoners to death, and was on the point of killing
the Fuger, because he had not supplied his victims with wa-
ter for the last twenty-four hours. Another of these singular
monsters interested himself in a prisoner whom he was lead-
ing to the wicket, because he heard him speak the language
of his country. Why are you here,' said he to 51. Journiac
de Bt. Mean), ' Urn are not a traitor, the president, who is
no fool, will give you justice. Do not tremble, but answer
me.' He was resented to Atillaird, who looking over the
register—' Ali, said he, Journiac, you are he who
wrote in the journal of the court and the city.' Nu,' replied
the prisoner, it is a calumny; I never wrote in it.'
'Fake care,' replied falsehood is punished
here with death. Did you not recently absent yourself to
join the army of the emigrants ?' • Thisia another calumny,'
replied he; ' 1 have a certificate attesting that I have been
for the last twenty-three months in Paris. WhosecertiScate
is it? Is the signature authentic?' Happily for Al. de Juurniac
a person was present to whom the subscnbtr of the certificate
was personally known. The signature was, therefore, declar-
ed worthy of credit. You see then,' resumed h. Juurniac,
that I have been calumniated.' If the calumniator was
here,' replied Maillard 'he should receive terrible justice.
lot answer me, were you imprisoned here for nothing ?'
' No,' answered M. de Journiac, I was known for an aris-
tocrat. Aristocrat ?' Yes, aristocrat ; but you are not
here to judge of opinions, but actions; mine are blameless ;
I have never conspired ; my soldiers, in the regiment which
I command, are devoted to ins, and, when at Nancy, urged
me to seise on Malseigne.' Struck with such courage, his
judges fixed their eyes on him with astonishment, and
Median! gave the signal of pardon. Immediately therein
of ' Live the nation !'resounded from all parts. Alt hastened
toembrace him ; and two of the by-stantlers, enclosing him
in their arms, led him safe and sound through the hedge of
swords and pikes which a few minutes before menaced his
life. U. de Journiac offered them money, but they re-
fused it, and only asked permission to embrace him.
Another prisoner, saved in the same manner, was conducted
to his house with similar enthusiasm. The execution. s,
all covered with blood, begged to be permitted to witness
the joy of his family, and immediately after returned to
the carnage. In such a state of over-wrought excitement,
the mind is keenly alive to all the emotions and instincts of
its nature ; they succeed each other rapidly and eonvul-
sively, alternately melting and firing the soul, and hurry-
ing those who have resigned themselves to their unre-
stained away from one extreme to the other with wild
caprice ; the passions, which seemed one moment tjueachtd
in tears, rise the next in flame; the whole man is subject
to delirious changes, and,he weeps and assassinates,with the
same heartfelt sincerity, in the short space of • few
minutes. Whilst wading in blood, he is arrested by ad-
miration of courage or devotion ; he is sensible of the
honour of appearing just, and vain of the semblance of
disinterestedutss. The events of the deplorable period
which we are now narrating afford many instances of
these striking contrarieties; and among this uumber must
be recorded the circumstance of the rubbers and mur-
derers of this night depositing the jewels found on some
of the prisoners with the committee of the abbey.

" But the massacre of the captives was not confined to I
one prison. The gang, having set their tools to work at the!
abbey, detached parties to follow their example, at the
Cltatekt, the Concietgerie, the Bernadius balpetriete, and
the Bicetre prisons, all of which were surrounded with
Ins:teed carcasses and streams of blood. When the morn.
ieg dawned upon the havoc of this frightful night the
spectacle it presented to the broad glare of day was as
sickening as it was horrifying. Billaud-Varreent repaired
early to the abbey, where, the evening before, he had
encouraged his miti•llien, as he termed them. lie now
again addressed them. Nly friends,' said he, in 'laugh-
; teiing these wretches you have saved your country. !Prance
owes you an eternal debt of gratitude, and the munici-
pality is at a lose how to aelsnowleelge your mull. It how-
ever, offer, you 94 !lyres s-piece, at:d you will be paid ini-
meiliately. These words excited shouts of suplause, nuei
those to whom they were addressed followed Ililhaml-Var-
remit% into the committee, to receive the payment which he
had promised slum. Bat here a difficulty arose. ' 11 leers
shall we find the funds,' said the president to Billantl, to pay
this debt? liilisud it plisd by again eulogizing the tus,-
merit and declared that the misstate, of the interior ought
to have money to be expressly devotes' to this purpose.
The crowd then inucestiattle hasteted to the house
of Boland, Lut le sets them fact: with indKustion, and
refused to listen to their demands. 'rise assassins, thus
disappointed, teturned to the committee, and threatened its
tut:tubas with instant death if they were not• ituttudiatcly

toe 1 tisid th wr,3 e aof their oritedt; ' . one, therefere, was
kili obliged to contribute from pocket, and they' a.
last departed satisfied. Th. comm te afterwards repaid
these contributors; and several Other sums, &cheated. t,.
the iilifie" purpescs, may be seen entered in the avouni -
book% : 1,463 II ancs were paid to the executioners up to the
date of the 4th of Septembet.."_ _
