SPANISH ItIEFUGERS.,

Mr. M se:d, that finer the adjouratwesst
e the HOuie he bed.,teirit.rtt 'a rountottptratton
which Unlaced totnslie if)gt tuoUttop e :Wools
*bout to: propose% 'retie eetulamitiuttion.
shut a easisiderable sombre of Spaniels religions bad
been consigned to howl lebette in the pebhecipeeks,
et Teitudati. If 'Ns' state seat wggie tree, it was
"pow it iliep4 be known et all event* iR wia Ot'
.1101,tbi, Wire. thinAltilte IPA ia
Hs ebeeld ibefirQUl • owswiro. . • .
*Time ea boilable Aeleese be aosessiot NYs Raieety,
res,leg Ike be would be graciously pkeeell te Hisses tau

!Ite=t;l2llMMl3Xlrizetd;nft did:mimeos Jo sow-
woe the olcutuu. but he thought the Houoursblte.
Geittletnati "houlJ beer welted until hie Hight Ho:

iu tat plrce, and be Angell; iirt ogreeirg to this
A rialresa !multi 'OA:NI:VI', eoncultiate. us Aelir im7
rulatiol444 14) cl4Fictrov vt,Str rrAliAi W4•44ruid,
Imp pholq.cipt
.0 woo*, resifclaarle iiiau.frairtvii.
1 Mr% WlO. 'lletTlf Wag. tart .11!)0101114 SiiiPprt
las, illiAlite,:irilbOtit ti3iiplilig ,to ' &ill ill-0141Ft*
roputiftes4AU sar Ralpk)Noodford f 4riflirrtbl6l,
tit Sr crXiAry, 01 Slate twould not be iu Lb* Hoare
tratusrroto.:. rod • titre .tberie would be uo Utast
upportamtV ' •" ic
,' a . '' . . ,
'"thotot4s4 14,11tykirgli , ttd to. ' `''' ' ' ~
.i: ... 1'; '..::.• PLACE EM. .' i' ; '
,IMr. LtraststimeW *tied ihst atitten4ble padres.
4)lsoeat"et to hta Tfloiesty, priryi4thrt be .would ,
xr gricirisoliiplis:ed.iri.order thot there .le 1641 -
kwlitior I:1)S %Aim.' Return, as fatssibe muse sow:
practicalate, of the .usastter of
.Monitors if . lifit
'footle who bold phteit•boder-t he Crowsin the first
d'arliaaratt of King. William, specifying the itellt!e
ior !Si olicf,anif the amooit of deo oilarits reeeie- ,
e4S Suet Phio• • titll;eorne Raters fur the reigns of
ilipir !Aosta, George • 4 IL, owd George 111., re.
Spetlively, specs total slumber of Members'
kit emelt parliatiteull-21 eted tp. . •
~- i i

t COLOIIIIIIAW4NDEPILNDENCE...
General Osecoves said Ittehld a Petition to
alienist of couredetatele imp ortance. end he latsehtt d
iiie tilts fulf.atioaulmi'c4.4
Ilse sight pr Atßlghe imPolleuce is. to
teems.; Hie regretted that ha hid ouly received it on
'Sat urdoy ilest4 IV nth font the aiettlhenvi of
Liier-
pdafiutrreeted itt..'thitlegop triere:
%Piittly iipcelte; 4.0' die 1..„„0fte.:a.„4
teouse,.,by ugviapew.to,any Pent HIS a etatar
bar of .more eeepietable rigastaseo.) Therettsi-
;piairsed.. or• the' *ant of the aclenstiledgeent- of
091cublito independens..ttd oaf; d. 'that Weed.
iflue!tee they aufferptl s greet die toment. to , f
,
trade. .4r,k...4 ilularsiteiio the all ese' wv stervisseetalet'
we* antis Hilly anxious for itstreckignitina. A411'664:41
len set on ili.operviir this rouotryotionld•producrthe
I "soli odrentnte to Loui ctototefrtal 'end OtifilMje
I ioreietto. They bitted tbacali litte.bichAsllittlltlif 4,1
Aped last, **A ,csmnptttliglttlun had bees made
is all the. Goretasueuut of lEurupe, Weak* shot they
would not ellen the! 'titmice of-en 011).
! front soelviory schliderlidgetiftbei
!p4 c)itseirersaft the 'tiode of tlihitstAiiitrysual
qintr 444 41igklY..1. r Tii! fete sp lAltett4VMs eidt
fur merehatitemiterelquite it... loot 4o .knaw its what
manner Watt. • Tlteysaid that if• this eetnitturtica.'
leekii oiitde'lp lather ft asteniarais;. the
ey,entsitlii
.... V,: 1'146 yry cpt44 .. tie
t.f it ,i 19.4 'pit ic
,filficiuticettigut or Occhtill•
tiou bad beets made. He cosid. sot *lion i 4 eteq.
at tins .11w preiod it den Session, Ms pato snob-
eervett,- that the 1,4)1117 purtieect br the 'patient'
Govertubeitt was ioroaaratent the cotieutertiet
tou.ifs. . Qv. tilide au at prcreut
at tent mercy Qr Artistes. because these pirates were
nibierMor lb, Spakeitli taoretorgent ;And.ths wllolc
matter otts.left to the tirrtogeaseet of. Dipiollatillis
leetnotest sits misery owl the other. tad uo inter-
ference' witarasade heartier it might beet toles alb-
-

ng crated a "May efild
until thel=sh threereatetrt acknowledged the
irrdependessee o? 4rneries, we. at' ifivir idi,•lnt‘t
fulluw,tbe rime course. It was clear then that the
•
preve,at evr u( the coautry. syoyld be triiterus•
casaiweti hi this iutetrgptioP Pf comPleirc; 4104:14*,
VlShad. advt. la. give 'arnica. that ht. would a kilt,
very first weeeitrs br Palliesurat call the attewtioa
or the Thiu-se. to Will spry iewnrxnat kallject. It has
at, psesnot created .waskli' au 'rfikrso "au the .couirnerriol
ipsycki e.l s tlyst luau( 1t.41 if4oc
Needed. it was* taw eattAortifiniggisi*ey.that we
.1
alloaki sacrifice. the mesa advautageaaa ,and pro-
rwiiaug trade'lluit ever was prseo•oheris 1.601111 e grid-
ciirle of political etiquette. •The Caurt'at Spain

• -. '
1 1 e •• i' 4 r 's,
kirri,‘ ,;.
, - - --- ~4* • .t.., ~..
1 • • ...-4- - ilt -•, i- - ,t. ~
.
,
..., Tat IL „it 44.4„:.,,, . "siboula : liii.'tl4llool44l pf it: the hrriglejlgq
Irr .. Nr ° ' "°.....,.. '''. 'Apr,* ~ in office_ F-
(1*
;i16,74"--.4"- .•
11. 10 L 161M71411 '414. 4 '',ll al A M tifiVoirri•paeCiverivei,"vtathlg
saved, sari is *what condieioa, released." 4: , sows tnti eudaleuta lit acme private Bills,
. . . .. . . 1.. hank worm ....A .1... A .........4 ... i

Tho t6to adjamtwa.
,1

- ..101411IGN INTELLIGIINCIL

.. 1

"LKITCyI MAIL. • "
. •
stalsittirttgtle'. •
*iik:/“Ot.ot. to 16 :Congress
,tra be held at
rerona, so the moods of Sepient here •we leers that
ilui:Eopetora of Ramis and Austria be them
in permit, buts that the Vivaria of Berlin, Pin* etul
ILiinSia-srill mod Mittlateri. The Porte, it Seeing,
lirts.dee4stett tishiug any part in this theists., on
the grtiond already alleged, that it nee as publics'
relations with the Christia, Posen which can oaks
it necessary 14 conclude ems emetic% It smite
that 'the journey of the .Emperor Alexander will.
extend beyond Vero*, and the MS Imperial
Shively will visit Rouse and the avath of Italy : it
is;terteru,.at least, that Count balladry. the Rue.
Dian Ambassador at Noss.., hir received orders is
lurve a residence prepared for His Sovereign.
' MAGUS. SOLT 29.
2FT211114 Or THE 1111C01. 614110E2 or TUO STATES
'The President aniSionced that he had received a
revised project of law, relative to the-duties to be
imposerion the produce of the•ustiunal dtstilleries,
in the rows of the project on the hoe sobject
which woe submitted to 11* Chamber on the 6th of
Jane. The President ended that tlidmesiorial con-
to • g. the 'erasers of the •Goveenattent. to the re.
rstarke of the Sections, and the prs6eet itself, were
in press, rind would be distributed to:morrow.
to Menage from the First CluaNsber initrounced
'that it had ric.eded to the lasi on the excise of
wineotrisl sugar, adopted by the Second Charnber.
Mine Petitions were prevented.
' The President stated' that the tariff' of import and
export clutter; in the Preach language, would be
distributed to the SiliMbers in the course of the
day.—(Dattit P*44l'Bo/14 'I I.)

• . PARIS PAPERS.
.• • ' PARIS, AV OUST S.
Teiterday the King inn an .euritetter have, at
St. Cloacf, to the Duke de. Iritifsl Allontanneney,
114 French A MbattaatiM sp the fl'oly Ste."
• A private letter from ihrilibri sham Oast il, is. Vl-
' *ratty sirppord the Congress, which sill be holden
• at.Veroda early in Sepviabei, will be composed of
:the fullOriog‘peraitis—Tw Austria,. PrineeMettep
niche axe.uospaoiod. ,lixihe same person's, aS at Lay-
, back ; Ibe Preece, tbr Abu/iris de Cantonal and ao-
dther i •for Russia, eosin Nessetrode, pod the Se-
; oitturibtitschiff; for Prussia,' Prince tiardeliberg
'tad etintitlierbsiotff; [or Etiglatid, Lo 4 Stewart
end fir. GordOm . •
A' scsudalous scene took place yesterday 01 the
dluttre• dr I. Porte St. Slattib, at a repreocutation
giyen be English *Ow.
Freud; runt% —Flee per Crsi. Console apestd at 92 r.
r.;tU Sickest 91 f. 111 c. ; elweyt at eta. Snot 14tocik, 1,000 f.
—Nrapoliter Fore per Ike's. It.
• Exckesge so lAN 401. e MOO; . E4O e.; three
We.—(Clours 46theatique, August
MARSI.6, JOI4X ia•
The Prince .Doo Carlos, oast brother to the

King. has been arraigned before the. Judge of the
rirst lostspee of chnicas, province of Madrid, as
behig..iystplicated hn the affair of the'poettlar cunt-
, motion which took place at allanjoes On the 30th
tsi.hisy Imo, when his Royal HAginaesw went tutu
she midst of the populsce to calm the disturbances.
Vhei:Juiligesetit a perms sithesised to take the
oath oP ehe Prince, which he refuted to do.
!The dieliratiout of two witnesses place his Royal
dunger of being senteoced to imprison-
smut. Persons are employed iu drawing up a
pao-
cass relative to the evesits of she 7th and previous
Jays at Madrid. The tiseal. • Dou Egotist: San
Ex• Chief ecittegu's 'tad; receives in-
formations every day, and tiny • thing indicates
. . •

. ----
, brewed us with no such ceremony during the Ame- that this document will be extremely long.—
: riven war, when she supplied the Colonies wish both At the reienisittou of the fiscal, several coot-
men and wormy ; but ouw we were to sacrifice to immodest' of she Spurned) guards have been arrest-
tlitlir wishes these important advantages, He, the - ed ; amongst them ore Marshal% the Marquis
I fore, trusted thee the Uoverninerit %you'd direct their De Cutipigui, Dun Pedro Otedo, 'mid Don Joseph
atteution to the Veil interests of the country, and GarciaCancle,ull of them chiefs of battalions io the
out to sacrifice 'the commerce of this country. best regiment. The declarations of Captain Louis
, ~Ikte..L.igigistor said, the question W 'shish Mom, who commanded the attack. of the artillery,
f, the Petition referred was one of greet national po- have excited- much conversation in public; it op-
hey, sod the Gneerometet, wottiti hike that course peers he made I accusations egiutist the King
which :Was most isoi,ducisse to theclignity of the and the Priuera, stud that the Fiscal refused such
nation cud its commetcial advatiteges ;' atilt lie arms informations, which besides, could not be of any
were 'when the proper period 'wowed it would be *drainage to lets cause, as by the Cunstituttou the
1912fid that the Gtivernoteut had not neglected the Sovereign ioesteemed sacred.
interests of ibecoutioy. ' The inaccutate publicstigh of en order of the
Mr. W. &MITI* said, that, delicacy towsrlis the Copt.-Gerieral to the officers of the Spanish Guards,
Coin oh spew had beeb earned quire kr.euttsch. who did hot.follow ilia 3iisurgentsof the Pardo, has
Spain had actually btwn paid for iti.ssiting.ta sup- give...cession. to u very virulent srturle against the
ittese the „tat ha Auer& tile moue etiquette stow Administration in the Speettilear of the 20th. The
Collinuners have desired that the two battalions of
is the way of suppressing these abominable 'made,.
the guards which were preserved, tend which are at
He understood that the coat was simply this; a
Vsculvaro end Logone... should be dibbsuded, and
nontlwr of persons hull Hyattpotsevittni of the iiland
Ile soldiers distsibuted amungst the ditleteut corps
of Cuba, and from thence &allied forth to commit
I their depretiatibes. Tte proper course then would of the arm).* ,It appears the Governmeet has
ad to this uppliceou n, and that it ha' given
be, to striae upon these prison/,'and ewe them upccede
'okra to suppress those battalions. As they have
I to their own Gaveleinnent,
•. for at present they
were in a State of prifict •seeurity. fir thought few °Aryl. the Laptatu-Gaiteral has requested those
i
. ilia Goverinitent uf tins cOutstry should act with •
belonging to the same corps who are at Madrid
to proceed to Vicrlvaio end Leganea, to take the
little less-delicscy wed more force.
General GABCOYNE wished to state, that the Pe- command of the companies, and lead the soldiers
titian had been siivio by every pntitctitbie in,t.chetitl to their final destivatioo ; but tll.l invitation was
iu Lisertmul. - I perfectly voluotary. This circumstance has caused
the cominutieros to imagine tiro, nisteed of diasul v-
The Petition we. then ordered to he printed,
tug those bettalintia, it lead intended to reorpuixe
• General GA/MOTION IheSeoletl a Petition of the them, theutearise 'heir exclamations end their leers.
saute nature t 0,,. lilt • Manufacture's of woollen
cloths in Leeds (Yotksiiire). They felt a similar the The In" s'n"nP" by the State in consequence. of
albearprus:oftoued.nded upon . tosuilar groutsdar-Ordered to events in the. beguinhig of July is estimated at •
thirty-eight IBlll.olks of ,teals (untie milliemi aud.an
huff fiance.) This sum includes the loos of the
•Os site motion of Mr. LUSIIIIIOTON the rondo- clotleug and equipments of the royal gaceds,
lids s bf the Lord., •ettative toilso Hides arid Shuts
(;ill, wmeread sttd agreed teb . . .the damage done to the barracks, and die robberies
committed there; the expenses of the Houicipatity '
kir..11...k1a10111 AM' 14.1414 AP. .1:0111k. flugnee et la .01• Madrid, ion paying the militia said rewarding
communication with ru Hou. Friend, be shush' the °crops, and a variety of other expense% o-
PlatP°°e ha lnwit. "bleb 'teed foe' this tvoillogi 40044 by the 'military agoras's:ate which took place
ratittiotk tkirith ColcsittiV .1 • .' " ••
COMINNATIONS. . • The /A loglweet stet oe the 19th rac tkejlrittiate
. . .1
' ' SlitePAllleraas gdrammiate time ho amid. owl, • 'dom. the Nab , alJooe, atteoded bp•die aotiioot
in 'Alpaca' Session, more for thew repeal of,
.the-ilet. mold Id Medd+ - Hai primed thtliegit • *be sit, to
the 4etlr Gee* ill., eiresawmtr inewn- bfilwr /Wire, end wai . Waited with ego of 0 • Ahead,
saute of the Ceobtaaties Acto sad he hoped be Coastitatiestal Nig I" At the' gate Du Sol a

LONDON,
.TUESDAY, Atiourr 6, 1842.

•
11119 M,JtaTY arrived in town yesterday in his
trurelling carriage soon after three o'clock from
Wit.dsor.

,
The business Of the Set/ion having been finislu::l
yesterday, the KING wi* this diyi prorogue the Rea-
haturnt in per Son. It it expected thot his MA-
JLITY will set Out GO Thtirhday for Scotland.

It will be perceived by reference to our Parlia-
mentary report of last night, that the attentive of
the House of Commons, or rather°, the half-;dozen
Members who were present, was colledio the great
and important question of Columbian Indepen.
deuce. General GASCOM presented a Petition,
signed by all the opolent and respectable merchants
in Liverpool, stating that• the commercial interests
of this country would be mast materially affected
by abstsiiiit4 from therecognitienor Colombia as
ao indepewdeutState. -This same Petition men.
tioned one fact, of a most cuticula nature—namely,
that. in the beginning of April last an official
communication bad been made to all the Goeeni-
inputs of Europe, and consequently to the British
Government, that Colombia would hold no inter-
course with any county* that did not recognise bet
iudependence. How •cornea it, then, that this com-
munication, involving such intportant consequences
to the trade of England, should be closetted ups.
a state secret,'ind uo notificaiiosi 'made by the Go.
vernment to those extensive iuterests whom it so
deeply concerned. Surely we are not to be met on
all occasions with the old stale diplomatic con, that
it would be " inconsistent with the policy of the
Government to divulge confidential communica-
tions." • Is the commerce of England, upon which
Its prosperity sod true dignity depend„ to be seed-
ficed to the bugbear of mere state courtesy ? If
we are to wait the 'denture of the Court of gpain,
the present conditional Colombia, Wilke w Spanish
welcomes shall continue for .a thousand year.
awayal. • •

The 'system of piney now prisatent in the West
Indies is the esioseqe•wce of this .steta of titiOgo.
,The BuCantertit *wises, consider 111 trade from
"EbrOp• .vitb booth. AtOesico fw goiles; Tbq
elticitygpittfiltAitteko. Irho'berr7 tbrartfßytallto
ports of Cabe, where they fad at once tease Ale

. • A
1 . *
AA' tett, and a market for thtir plunder.
e some casei have occurred, in
for thi4seeectioo of British property, our rc,
thaota are iodebted to America(' toierferente.

.ne ie riw littiß OK- 'Mee supilaity 6TEmot.
loud With a vengeance. (Jet reeogtelien of t'
indtpendesee.:mtstlt.--Attitit left 41;64(4-1-
too late .fur Stith & Luterewa. • k come af, r
the United Statists( Am Flea 'Nil have cotlipkt.lL
f‘restalled us id the Cdlombitn nitAtet..
Dutch and 1111 ads p,r4e(1,1..tt
with Papers to the MM instant. .They
following speculation. which we ardewtx
be confirmed by facts. -

• .•

.

VIENNA, JULY
The'appmbeusion that the equillrium uf 1,41
Powers of Esrcipe might be dieturbed having e:ir •
tireiy vanished, we may be permitted, rip ad'
Austrian Paper, to take a di*iuteraste4 part iu tht
efforts of the Greeks. The polities! sitoation ul
Europe, accord* to the 'teas of the Culnoets,
prevents them affording aid to the, Greek, hut
no Cat net bay 'ever thought of offerin4
assistance to the Turks to sub;ugeie the
This system will be atsiotained, anrr we learn 11,,,t
the Congress, ashich will open iu the• autumn,
will serve still more to consolidate, it., Oa the
other baud, if the Greeks are strong mingle to de..
liver themselves trop the yoke of ,the :Vessel:tiro,
and if fartune favours their enterpriae. they M;II
not have Go fear from the European Powers any
intetfereuce in their internal coaceriis. otisid.
cle will be ri.iista to Iliockr ttittO it constitu.ing
their Government, and fUrllllng such a Cuus:uut:Ns
us shall he adapted to their local situattou aid
their political reLtions.

e fed great satisfaction io steting, that a ruhlic
meeting has been called iu Edinburgh, to ileietionic
sin the moat egectael plan of assisting the wiffi-ring
Greeks, and more especially the ‘Urvilring popuid-
tioal of Stio. The following eatract from the
Papers brought by the Dutch Mud which has
arrives!, is well calculated to strengthen and ex-
tend the generous sympathy felt in Edinburgh
sraotigonice, JULY 95 .

The following particulars respecting Scio are-
stated in Private letters from that island of lass
month:—
" The Greek populatiou'of the island, which was
formerly estimated at 110,000 eau's, was Row re-
duced to 20,000, yo that 90,000 linve vanished from
the island; 45,000 of these ens woMinvand children
who have been carried into slavery, 41,000 persons
were already carried away, exclusive of those which
the Turks have clandestinely taken with them ;
5L5,000 persona had lost their lives, of whom many,
wew i 64,116% fu their houses, or citified off by the cog..
tagious diseases causid by pastilentiet exhalations
of the unburied carpal: the burbler. wise so full
of dead bodies that vessels mere impeded in their
course by them; mucitif those who have escaped
are five tiloostmda who were ranee( at the
time of the cistaatouptir, and 15,000 have drd,
to ta;Ohl death or slavery, to IPstira, Stoyroo.
and °theft:daces, where they are in die insist deplo-
rable state of distress.. The city, and 44 of die Ftig•
vilfsgrs that existed oo the island, are pJuisderedaist
'destroyed; the booty made by the Turks is im-
mense. Bebids Pad* of Three Wis. the Guyer..
cot of 'the island, is deposed or banished; and
Apti, Pitclsof Two Tads, appointed in his stead.
It is reported that all the Asiatic troops are to be
sent sway from the island, and only 4,000 Arlauta
reusaiu as a garrison."

The Paris Papers up to :4[ll4l:ty have. been re-
ceived. They contaiii a copy of the indictment
*plod Gener.il Csavott and his accomplice's, now
oa their trial before die Royal Court of Poiriera.
The tynaber of the Iltf6oll accused is fifty-six. of
whom eighteen have tied. General BE-arum and
thirty-aevea others are in custody. The indict-
nieut charges them with a con:piracy, tl e
of which was to destroy the Kitiu's Gostv
meta, and to excite civil war in abledeport", ts
of the Delos•Se ..... and of Maine-et-Loire;
the head-goal Leis of this conspiracy, were the
of Siemer, Thais's., and Partin:nay. The.lcialer
of the enterprise was the Flx-General BEATON and
Ina awailiaries,, member* of a seciet wocirti.„ called
the Society of the theraliers de In Libeee, or Car.

buitari, totaled for the purpose of overthrowitig the

Giventtnetit or the KING. The mines of five
Liberal Deputies. LA FIYETTE.COPIATAIiT, For.
Kkautair. utai VorYla LVA.Kcc,K4ox. have [No,
used, or rather uhtu.e4l, by thr consperalarlY for tho
lowa cerlaib socompitstitherrt wf their dtstv:th
The intell gvitve frith Aluliet comet (town to

the tad Litt- On the 19:1i the KING, QUIED.
sad Piner' appeared in public furthe first t,we
since the revolt of the maids. dri%iisg thrinigLi
the streets of Marina to she vtit.ce of the
ltetito, and t4ii-,rtle,t by a •detachnres.t of horse
tudi In. One ;.,ccutint say. 'hat the flops' patty
was rtceised by :ir people in sespixtful
significant sileiser ; while *winker sitatatursit
that !hely were saluted fiy Mr* cf " &sag lire the
C'onstitbrionul King. anytthe Constitation".
The Infant Dun CAILOII, 'fruitier of the KING,
has banticliarieia on the eltpoottotw or Iwo si it 'woo
es au accomplice iu the conspiracy of the 30th of
112iity. • • •
The trial ofsesearlettti'fenth,rforsilste.ahtlactave
or MIMI Gb OLD earn. oat VD the lADVerict. Aswisee Oil
liar t MI; last. It wes i'istore attqciooi c-. 44 Ilnn !t
• ha' Massa osprwooted. .The frowo
Grill. A Report at u is veto ba ow tetnects
frost the Irish Perm
