- - - - 7-739
Note.—The expenses incurred during the illness of hi- Craterls
e included in the above amount.

Total

fr. e.
Printed lists, circular., 3:e. . . . 3,719 20
Sundry expen■es for the fourth quarter of 1823 • 266 15
Ditto for the first qnartcr of 182$ . . . 474 43
Indemnity to the Agent-General for the first quarter 1828 684 19

6,04 tr)
EXTRA EXPEXgES, f. C.
To Lieut.-Col. Raybaud's journey from Nice to Paris 1,200 0
Assistance to Constantin Pnudecas - . 200 0
Ditto to the Archbishop of CypruS . . 000 0
Ditto to the Princes Angeth . - . 1,000 0

Total

Ditto to the Philhelleneßouque, wounded whilst return-
ing to hi. native country - . 150
Erpense of an Eatafette to Florence . . 210 W

Total

. 3,256 *I

SLAVE TRADE.

MADAGASCAR.

'MEP +C79 Or A LETTER FROM GOVERNOR FARQUHAR, AD.
'iSEDTO R. WILMOT, ESQ. M.P. DATED MADAGASCAR,

JUNE 6, 1823.
[From a Parliamentary Return, just printed, entitled, "Further
Pap, la and Communications relative to the Slave Trade at the
Mauritius, Bourbon, and the Seyclielles."l
" My several despatches and letters, written at different times in
the course of my administration of the Government of Mauritius
and its dependencies, will have put Earl Bathurst, and yourself, as
I mist, fully in possession of the nature of our relations with
Madagascar, and the state of our happy connexion with the Governs
ment of Radatna. •
" I have, from the cemmencement, been of opinion, and:rx-
presued the grounds of my belief, that, e-e long. these peaceful and
unambitious measures could not hut to lead to the most advantage-
ous results, whether viewed with reference to the great and imme-
diate object of solicitude with his Majesty's Government and she
country—the final destruction of the Slave Trade ; to other general
objects of our own. of a political and commercial nature; or to
those connected 'lilt beneficial improvements upon Madagascar
itself.
" That the great practical result in view in making the treatise'
with }Cadmus, namely, the closing of one of the greatest slave
markets in the world, was accomplished, had been ascertained, so
far as regards any British trade in
,slaves, by the indisputable flict,
that no instance had occurred of any new slaves having been intro-
duc.al into Mauritius, nor even any attempt made to do so for
nearly three years; and with respect to the French and Portuguese
Slave Trade, the most satisfactory evidence had been obtained from
authentic sources, that the slaves introduced into the possessions of
these Foreign Powers, during the aoove period, were, in no single
instance, Madagasses, but Negroes obtained from the Arabs oh the
African coast, or at Zanzibar, the last sources remaining open to
the slave dealers, which have now been happily closed also, by our
recent treaty with the Imaun of Muscat. I must except always the
blot stilt existing in the Portuguese settlement at Mozambique,
which will likewise, I trust, be soon effaced from this hemisphere,
as this is alone wanting to complete the success of the measures for
effectually preventing either a British or foreign trade in slaves
throughout the whole of the east coast of Africa.
" In the continued and steady pursuit of the objects I have stated,
it appeareu to me, that previously to my quitting this part of the
world, in which, ditough a long career of public service, I had
unifonnly entertained an intimate correspondence and connexion
with Madagascar, a personal visit among the people of that
island, and an interview with Radon's, or his principal chiefs
and governors on the coast (should he himself be detained in his
capital in the interior), could not fail to strengthen, and draw still
closer, if possible, the bond of our friendship and alliance already
formed, and might, pethaps, lead to our procuring farther gua.
rantees against any attempt to revive the Slave Trade, or. carry
the people of this country into slavery on the part of the French
or the Portuguese, or any other power Or state, and under. any
dnik whatever.
" With such considerations, I determined to avail myself of
the opportunity afforded, during the voyage home, to actompllah,
as far as possible, these desirable purposes, should it not be found
incompatible with the orders that Captain Moresby had received,
to make that small deviation from the direct course to Eogiond,
which a visit to Madagascar would require. My correspond-
ence with Captain Moresby, subjoined, shows, that, with his
accustomed zeal and co-operation for the good of the service, he
readily complied with this request, and we accordingly steered foe
that island, and anchored at Tainatave, one of the most central
and convenient positions for trade, on the 20th ult. This place.
which, previously to, and during the suspension of, the treaty wins
Radania, had been the great resort of slave dealers, we not, only
found totally clear of them, and their pestiferous influence, but the
moat praiseworthy zeal and vigilance were conspicuously exercised
„t by the native Chiefs and people themselves, to prevent any attempt,
' to evade the laws and the provisions of the treaty for the abolition
of the Slave Trade. . .

" The reception we met with, and the progress tc improvement
every where visible, were to me matter of no less astonishment then
heartfelt gratification. After having received a visit from the Chiral
of the place, • In Rend,' and salutes exchanged, weApoded. A well.
accoutred and my respectablydisciplined body of noidiers, forming
a detachment from Radama's army, was draw; up on the bench to
receive us ; and their conduc:, and the regularity of all their exercise
and evolutions, marked at once a considerable degree of sagacity,
subordination and sense of propriety.
••We proceeded to the ehtet 's house i and shortly after, he re-
quested us to accompany him to the 6 Cobar; or assembly, which
he had prepared. Arrived at the spot, being in a small plain sec
in front of his house, we found several hundred natives, with tbdr
respective chiefs, se ited on the ground, forming a circle, in the
centre of which were piled some thousands of pounds of yams.
sweet potatoes, and other.farinamous roots, besides fruits of 11601.111
kinds, all the production of their soil. One of the eiders imme.
diately stepped forward, and made a very eloquent speech, espies.
sin of the high veneration and respect of the Alsdagasest peoples
for the King of England, of gratitude for the many benelits he bad
,t liberally bestowed their nation, and of their anzienti WWI
• fostering protection and friendship to
said, that their canary was still poor,
hone (with the aid and es.
preventing their people
ty of their property, and
they had the prospect wif
• could, ems.pow„ are
Jot Of Nericq andlarta
owed that 1 would as-
h sadr.haii troitelit
sincere, tautest duff
harsague with DIN
