SURREY THEATRE.

The proprietors of this now elegant Theatre arc indefa-
tigable in their endeavours in catering for public taste.
They have furnished for this week's fare no less than three
novelties. The first of which is a melo-drame, called The
Burning Bridwe ; or, The Spectre of the Lake. The story
is as follows:—Konang a Chinese Mandarin of wealth
and influence, had been in early life a dependant on Cal-
mest., but, envying him his riches, add inspired by a pas-
sion for his wife, be contrives that he shall be attacked by
a banditti of Tartars, while travelling with his family.
The attack succeeds, and Calinoe is taken and sold for a
slave. The wife and son escape, but arc followed by Ito-
sang, who, failing in his attempts on her virtue, murders
her, but not until she has found meats to preserve Berson.
&dung then returns, relates that Calmar and his family
had perished in an engagement with the Tartars ; and, by
the production of a forged will, succeeds to his possessions.
eafinue, after a slavery of LI years, during which he bad
discovered the treachery of Konang,escapcs, and returns to
Lis palace, just as his son, a supposed orphan, of unknown
parentage, is on the paint of marriage with Zelischt, the
daughter of lionavg. He relates his story ; and, though
recognised by Kotula; and Hues, his accomplices in all
these villanies, is treated as an impostor, and imprisoned
for daring to calumniate a Mandarin. During his impri-
sonment Koran;; and !loan conspire to murder him, and
are just on the point of accomplishing it, but are prevented
by the appearance of the Spectre of the Lake. or, in other
words, thee...ghost of Cabaue's wife, which terrifies .Konang
almost to madness, and is a principal cause of establishing
the identity of Colonic. The murderers then fonts another
plot for the destruction of their victim, but fall themselves
into the snare, !loan shooting Konsag from the mistake
that he is C'altnuc, and Kunno.,,,, before he dies, eonfess,,s
the full extent of his villanies, and the piece then concludes.
From the above materials a piece of much interest has been
got up. The acting was very respectable. Messrs. 11.
limbic, Auld, and Rowbotham, gave considerable cfßct
to the many interesting situations in which they were
placed: but the gorgeous and splendid eastern scenery is
above all praise, and is, of itself, really worth going to see.
The managers leave shown much spirit in the style with
which they have brought this piece out, and they have
spared no exp,nse. The Painter's Study tUlloweel, in which
we recognised the farce of Plot and Counterpl,t, but it leas
been deprived of none of its humour by the alteration of
its name. Wyatt and Harwood were exceedingly droll as
l'edrillo and Fahio; and Mrs. Loveelay, u Juana, is as
perfect an Abigail as we would wish to see. The con-
cluding piece was the Groentc, or the Wizard of the Black
Moor, of which we leave only time to say, that it is taken
from the Black Dzem:l; very effectirely got up, and as ably
performed. IVe only wish that the public may appreciate
1, the exertions of the proprietors of this theatre, with a Jibe-
, raft), proportionate to the spirit with which they provide
for their entertainment. The proprietors will then have no
, nasal' to complain.

Miss M. Tree, Miss Hal'emits, and Mr. Sinclair are per-
forming together at the Edinburgh Theatre.
The King of the Netherlands Is expected at Brussels
to-day, and is to remain for a week. One of the objects
of this visit is to appoint a Board of Management for the
Society of Commerce.
The Duchess of Berri continues at Dieppe, and with
her Royal Highness is the Duchess of Reggio. The
Duchess of Angouleme is also mentioned as enlivening
Dieppe with her presence. The Duchess of Bern, it is
understood, purposes returning to Paris in the course of
the present month. All hope of beholding the French
Monarch on the coast this year has vanished.
The works of the new bridge over the Seine, opposite
the Hotel des luvalides, in Paris, are commenced.
A n'l'S AND Set t: x r ts.—An ins:mine:it has been lately
presented to the Academy of Sciences at Paris, by Mons.
Benoit, called a Pachrinietre, for the purpose f ascertain- The following sales of estates in the neigh
Ing the exact thickness of looking glasses in frames, and Cupar Angus have recently taken placer—let
which received the approbation of Monsieurs Frentil and 14,00. q. ; Lethenely, 37,000 e ; BO& IDOIDII
Ampere, the Commissioners. who observe in the conclusion I Italdourie,l4..l.ool. ; Welton, 7,300/.--Caledoni
of their Report, "We consider that the Pediatric-ire, with 1_ I t
est AND 01 1. Arr tin) tOn lit el, Y ESS7
fixed angl.'s, is the most simple and correct instrument yet ! nosy is quite established, this will have no go
produced for measuring with nicety the thickness of mirrors ' as a preventive, when the hair is inclined to
or looking-elasses in frames ;" which opinion was unani- a good remedy.
monsly continued by the whole Academy of Sciences. Dees—The general voice of antiquity is
II rNT I: RIAN Mt:SCUM, I;f , A St: 0 w.—ItAT TL ES NAk E; . the preeept that the head should he lightly
The limiterien Museum has been lately enriched by the :Ultima. the covering which na:ure has e'act
present of a living Earth snake. The reptile is inclosed in ! sufficient for its protection, except Only 1,
a large box fronted with glass, defenileil by a grating of ; tremely thin, or the bead bald. Ile coin::
wire. It is pt rfeetly lively, Pith:melt since its arrival it has' the open air, if dry, the hatl is Sn'el,gth,'
taken nothing but the portion of the yolk of two carts. • render the practice yo'rfeetly sari:, it slioulil lc
Living mice and young birds have been introduced, but I eerie are. At no age, however, oufit a lee,
without its takingthe sinallest notice of them. Frogs, also ; i covered in sunshine, whet the weather is Ito'
but they were found entwined in its foltic—or even perdue" ' requenee may be an inflammation, or Rowe t'
on is head—without soil' 7iiig the smallest injury, or as of the brain. Against smlt ace:dee:A bloc!: 1
much as attract its netie .. A rahhit, however, did not fare tic defence ;
so well ; the little animal lia:1 been scarcely put into the the solar rays to act more, strongly meet the It
for instead of ri.gect:iig tl:c It.:
box, when the snake dartt d at it, it:lti hit it, retiring, as it , pie who are much in the open air, hats of a
I
were, at the saute moment, and coiling itself up in its folds.' other c• one weultl be ure'erable. Whit':
The deadly tenure of the bite Was snon conspicuous. In very pleas int weer, arid if generally worn.",
about aeninate the rabbit was .•i:t..31 nice convulsions, ,pleat
to a great tnaoy leteal-s. with It
and, after three minutes more. ce`,it ed, in apparently dread- ; great importance, e kw in more lights Ilian
fop amity. The sticky did not subsequently take die small- mist.
est noticed Ls victim, but moved abOD t :16 though its prisen Ilineirs E [Tit A MID t N .‘ll V.— A f,te ally:; , i
inehonnl notititig bit; itself. was safely ilellecteil at Manistee. in this rcinit
OnAxci:is•:.—lt appears that Sir A. B. King was, and tv ;laughter*, who, with the mother, a:
chaired the ether day by an Orange mob, in the town of doing well.—Limr'idk "I'''''''''' ,
Enniskillen ;on which occasion the learned stationer ad- ST::Eiti r. CHASE.—The gr,at ',lee; ,c c ....3 ,;.
&mull tilt; p,oplc assetitblill in terms stteli as mild only 'lt.:6lbcg.ritotin:ratleene:nl3.lront,,ellva."' .1...,.'17ii:,;.!1,„1i::„ ;;;,,ee.i.,
have been used by a coarse and illiberal partizan. hounds were taking their ii:ret-ton ; :: .1 nose i, a-
BAD TlSTla Or A June L.—At the Slieo Assizes, a man general ch-is: were rot the law il. The start t...k
named John Brelierly was found guilty of robbery, and top of llatrlit it-tune, near to the heonth-"1
recommended by the Jury to mercy, when the Judge (the !Alt*.
Chief Peron), in answer to the recommendation, said, "he ,stn "!''' Iturlybottien es, ehmit tiftece.eo..ia,,e
'file horses flew need e as °elk% .".,
._l,OO
should be hariged in the gentlest way re„ible."—lre ' ! and laad"'" "'.'-ic"P'!firt. .'.' eur.,e
I.ern . i e.
ink ..14 1,111WMIL•11,s OM et VOW. . Let ~11 , .
Lurriiipry. ' It.uvetig gave th:ttt all tae limpinuttt itilkstat.i
i:iltta..
