1

I

to rend. r any cordial oven'. Whether throe Al.
were rad or bad, time wool I demomorate. One
of their conseqnerices was, that moot•peranea, whe.
their land-proprietors, or the commercial or mono-
Tor-tieing tutereoto, were now unable to any what
on* their own. The roily choice h► ferried le ft pow
to Parliament was, a. the feather of Pitt hall oNce
oboerred, either to reform the Howe from within,
ter the films. wntild he reformed with .4 vengeance
from with 4444 t. it was clear whilst Parh will
toiled by Nlinstero. it never could reform itself--
the Petitions of the people, on almost eery sub.
j ct, hail been Except, therefore,
the crefidence of thr people to Parliament were
revived—lf/err again the Noble Lord wow, so
welch offectrd Shot he war for • time tanoh/e to
In.eweedj—lie 880prelemled toseont.nt sod di..
turbances would arise (a eireiriwooneo which, for
his cnnntry'a sake, he would notch denh.re) "'itch
would shake the very foundotiano of that H one.
The overlord of hi* sentiment', in favour of this
protiosition, thiwevelving. perhaps for the last tooe
within those walls, was grateful to his frelme. and
his heart. Ile bad bee. long in one woy ar other
he trusted ardently and conscientiously d. voted
to the service of hio cotrary. His early hallos or
life had not furnished him aith the memos or
copiously eworeroitig his vetinoints. lint lei
'room ovprti to his infirm support of his coo 't
iiitereat. for the juotification of hi, conduct. Much
I.e had eodsired in the shape of calumny and per-
Ile forgove, however, his townies from
ks▪ bear', and hoped when they went down to the
rase thi might as siiierrely entertnin the same
h•ttiNirtg, seotintents to thew from whom they
I .41 received Moult and i, jury—(thor. /woe
eutidatfrel with entreating %honor". to re form
their conduct, and take wasniog from the experi-
r..re of other tint.: arid other mown% nob... than
I ring ,he blom, wish its prop .tile corm Tit
vraetirolly I to this country.
Mr. Iduot:Gtillt was no enemy to the U.r in that
Howe, or the many on, of it, who conscientiously
sooportert the cause of annual Parliaments oral
toliversal suffrage, most of whom had, hr
sr,tteil, been led astray by others, olio had
treated the question in politic discussion,
or set I • t. Ile rose to Ilreteef st4B,,in.t those
who had hard it down as a principle, that lie who
attempted to reform, shelved a propensity to *moo-
s. le. To such lie should only reply by r, ferrino
them to the conduct of Parlianwrit for the last .20
poem Whilst they talked of every iittenset at re-
form no prey;' ant with nor fate, they were themselves
the greatest reformer* in practice, more particularly
with respect to their conduct it, behind, whilst coil.
disctiog its affairs; at one tiine narrowing. oral again
enlarging the privileges of the subject, until at I a
they had completed that moat auntnaloirs historical
eirsartioo, which ended in the annihilation of the
Irish Parliament, and the dvotructi 4444 Or the Mile-
prudence of lied mad—a boon for which he, however,
was more grateful, as tending to consolidate. the
o'rength and sofety of these realms, than for all the
more qrtevionable services of the same persons, late!y
▪ streouously punegyrized by many in that Muse.
The argomeros of the Honourable Baronet had
been, lie regretted to say, all drawn from
nut spring, which be dill 81.8 r think the purest
or cur t on this subject. They were Wit
dawn from Statute*, not from the opinions of
eminent Jodges, but from what he considered
• much inferior sourer of authority, if such it might
be called—namely, from the speeches of Engle!)
AlollllfAet, from the time of that most constitutional
King, James I. to the present period. That
throe Nbinarelis should have expressed the in-
melees in liberal terms to their luring sithjeets
nu all throe occasion' quoted, was natural enough ;
they Away* came to Usk for money of their loving
subject., and putted their language to their wants.
Slut all thut bud so fallen tom these Rot ill per-
sonages made nothing as to the question of amino )1
Purliameiits and universal suffiage. For der one
made by the 11,8 m. Baromit of these Royal speeches
bad been altogether a perverted one—tor it was ry-
markable, that one of these assurances was rOthifft'll
1111 about seven years ofterourdo by another, plainly
rliewing that these Itoyal perionages indulged
themselves less I.eely in these lib) iol admissions
than they were usually wont to di) in other eu.es
when strongly incited—(.4 rather
indulging in the propensity ',condone modem.
rtripientit. In this list of liberal seutimelits of
oiling:, lie was sorry the Hors. Baronet had not
included that best sod must patriotic tooorance
put into the mouth of our prevent Sovereign by the
great Lord Chatham on his Majesty's accrosiurs,
" That it wits his proudest boost, as it was his
highest privilege, to be considered the lirot citiz-si of
free people." He did not quote this as disking any
th;ng in favour of the present proposition for yearly
Parliaments or universal suffeage. Such spercheo, in.
deed, had little or no authority in them, they were
avowedly the work of the Nlinister of the day. He
denied that eider one or the other of the poirsta
110* contended fur were the aticient Constitution of
this country. But admitting it hod been so—
still it might be the most impolitic thing in
the world to relive on old system, not at all,
perhaps, adapted to the times ae now live its.—
It would, fur instance, be absurd in him to pro-
pose a re turn to the savage state, or golden age,
though both. were of sufficient antiquity—r 4 lough
—or to a state of domestic slavery awl villenage,
which had been undoubtedly onw the law or con-
s'ituticm of this country. The quotations or the
Baronet were no less unfortunate than the
v.iii oil es installer el. Ile had clearly nut fairly
a Ate !, or else misunderstood, the c!impter alluded to
taut of .Ilognl (Coto. the second word of which
defeating all his intruded infereuces—it ran, Ned-
los liher Homo, Now the only object of the
quotation wa', one would think, to recap to our re-
collection, that there were thou in actual attitude
a vast proportion of the people of this country, nut
one of whom could be detioniinated liher, such
petunia poly being free who were rich enough to
have slaysoe of their own. It was remarkable, that

one of the greatest patriots now 011 record, Fletcher
dt•ruii, had in the Scottish Parliament. on
the tisiesti,a for repressing meinlicity, there argued
ia favour or a return to a state of domestic slaver.
Ile was in, advocate fur a shorter duration of Par-
liament, and in this he was borne out by iihrieut
aldniu,;ll these short Parliaments °rig'.
'laid in the reluctance of members to serve.
A.Olll. he iiarl misrepresented the meaning of the
wvrt.h 4,::1 writ., whereby id; frethohlets

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LO DON,

WEDNESDAY, Julia 3, 1818.

Both Houses of Parliament were Last night en-
gaged to a lute hour in very ittlererting and ani-
mated debates. Lord
.LUSKINE. in the Upper
Flouse, proposed the second reading of his Bill,
for declaring the law respecting the powers assumed
by Magistrates to commit pe►sons for libel before
indictment found, but his motion was lost by.a
majority of 31 to 13.
This was followed by a discussion on the pro-
priety of suspending the Orders of the Muse, fur
the purpose of permitting the Alien Bill to pass
through two stages iii one ►itting. On this point
the House divided three times, but the Alinisters
prevailed, and the Bill was read the third time,
and passed.
In the Commons, Sir F. Botortr brought for-
ward the motion of which he had given notice, for

, •
Parlisinntat nefurnt ; an.l Art& a.apeecii-of
considerable length, moved a aeries of Resnintioris
expressive of his sr ntiatetits. The motion was or.
raided by Lori COCHRANE, and opposed by Mr.
CASEISO, ilia° moved the previous question—and
by ttjessra. littouGuasi and LAMBE. Sir FRANCIS
replied, and the House divided, when there appear.
ed lua for the 'previous question, and none against
it. Sir F. BURDETT*II motion was accordiugly
fPjectril.

IVe hive ►eceived Pens rapers of Saturday
last. The period originally specified by the Ali-
tiiider of Finance fur receiving proposals respect-
ing the loan of 14,600,000 francs nnemitie., lard
closed on the 27th, when it appeared that the sum,
subscribed amounted to 2,210,800,000 francs,
which is equivalent to a loess of 163 millions annui-
ties, instead of 14,600,000, which alone was re-
quired. We are not informed whether the propo-
sals Isere been made by French or foreign capital-
ists—but the amount subscribed in so short a
Inn?, would lead us to believe, that a very small
portion of the loan, if any, will be supplied
f this country. If this be the cave, it is
evident that the apprehensions entertained by our
Ministers have been unfounded, and that they have
most unnecessarily subjected this country to all the
inconvenience and iajory of having an exclusive
paper circulation for another year. The Session is
not yet closed, an that the error might still be
repaired, and the indulgence now granted to the
Bank of Eisfeassa, of not paging their debts, be
reduced from twelve to three or six months. To
the facility enjoyed by the French Government
or raising so large a loan, and the great confidence
the►eby evinced in Ilse stability of the existing in-
ststutiotio, we may attribute the late rise in she
French fund• The 5 per Cents. are how 69 f.
IS c.; Actions, 14621 f.

A notch 11161 has arrived, with Pc,ers to the
311 d loot. The following are exlract4.:
snlisart.a, MAY 20.
The Doke of Wellington's whole Staff is now at
brav, whither his Grace returned a t•tv slays ago. It seems
that be wall remain the greatest part of the summer at his
hcad.quarters.
The Doke visited several of the fortresses on our frontiern,
and, as we Icarus, expressed his satisfaction at the Mate of
toi war-dom.* in which some of them tire. The more the pooh.
hability itieremes that the Army of Occupation will tray,
France this year, the more actively are the works married us
to complete our furtificat as speedily as possible.
With-n a few slays the Russian Ambsssadur in France, and
a, Voila Russians of et ry high tank, have at rived at the head.
quartets at Msubroge, to wait for the arrival of the Grand
Doke Michael.

They write. from Frillier, that the Cadre, of the aecond
h ittahona of Ilw dcpailmrabl kgions being now formed,
throw battalions have Rune to new gari Woos, in order so he
er,olnally made np their full tumi.lcment. A number of
sithaliern Gfficers, and officers on half-pay, have been put
art ye service on WA OCCA•il01.

It is still asserted that several persons banished from
France in 1815, will receive p, emission to return ; among
them are mined earnhaceres, &eyes, and Annuli. Among
those who left France volnistarily, many hare long since re-
turned, and some who are known to have been very hostile to
the present order of likings, live now very ri:etly at Paris.

A Cabinet Council was held esterday at the
Forrigii Office, at two o'clock. which rat till about
lour,

Cut night the PRINCE RECENT had a NORMMI
dre•a p:►rty at Carlt•m I loteor.
Yrftterday the PRINCE RECENT rode out on
hor4eliaek in the Park•.

Yesterday her MAJESTY took all airing in her
swill chaise iu the garde'ss behind the palace.
The Duchees of GLOUCEITER. the Dukes of
CLARENER, SUSSEX, and CAMBRIDGE, eirited her
MAJESTY esterday.
Yesterday the Painee of HessE HoNtlioutto, at.
tended by Baran O'NAGHTEN, visited the Duke
and Duchess. of CUMBERLAND, and other 'satin.
goithed characters, as farewell v-sits. previous to his
Serene Highness leaving town fur Brightoo.
On Nionday the Duke and Duchess of CAM.
BRIDGE, previons to their leavnig Condit 'age.
to go to the Queen's Mice, to be reinar.
fled, 'allowed a number of persons, the friends of
the !household, to stand the Hall, to see than
pass to their carriage. Their Ro:,•al Highnesses
plait gave an entertainment to their Household. the
Hotitchold of the Duke and Ditches. of ert.oPeEs-
TEN. their tradesmen and friend.. in 'Amour of their
we thlitig.day. :Nothrolge-floase was yesterday
thrusiged with Nobility and distinguished charac-
ters. leaving their nature of congratulation.
Tire 'holier given I.y the Pulse,: REGENT on
M lay, iu honour of his Royal Brother's In wisp,
was attended, it addition to the new married royal
sir, —The Duke and Duchess of York, the Duke and Duchess
of Glum...nail-, the l'sime and Princess of Hew Humboorg,
the PsinCl'%. August:l, the Duke of Clarence, the Priaceu
Sophia of Gloucester. the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, the
Po User and Princess of &homburg Lippe, the Marylou.' and
Mmirlsionesma of Winchester, Hertford, and Chulmondeley,
Count and CM/Oen Al 11 OM Cr. sari Mr" Helavaille, the
Lady in waiting to the Duchess of Cambridge.
After 'huller Ilse rimers' AUGUSTA and Priaeess
of HEEEE flomooucu wrist to attend the Qui:EN
fora shout Issue, and returned to meet a small even-
ing party itiv;teil by the REGENT, who were
highly gratified with char • g particularly
aottie quintets by Mr. SHIELD, Mr. Cuossuo.i.,
Mr. VIOTTI. and the SCIARAIId. Several ladies of
the party played on (1w grand piano forte, and sang
with great taste and eat-comm.
A warm contest is ex pect.d for Devizes. upon
the approaching distolotton of Parliament; JOSHUA
SMITH, Esq. the present Representative, having
intimated hie intention of retiring Inn account of
ill health. A Baok Director loss offitred Itittisrlf so
the notice of the Corporation, upon the Mixistcrial
isfiuence of the Borough, and we hear, is• to be
opposed.
Mr. HARVEY, we understand, declines ufferitig
himself as a candidate for Norwich. sit the taieuisig
election. Mr. R. GURNEY and Mr. W. SMITH
will, therefore, Ire returned without opposition.
The elisteniesst in our paper of Alutiday of the
Drury-latie Theatre 3lettiog was incorrect in say-
ing that the Duke of VEDFDID was iltstut ; his
(~;:ace Sae breu abruird for some time..

AWTOWN OF THE PROPRIRTOI7Y OF
,-.L1111,1 11Y-LANE THEATicE.

Terterday a most 11.111ner011/ and highly respectable Meet-
ing of the Pioprietori of Drury-lane Theatre took place in
the Selisou, tenon the subject of the general interests of the
Theatre. The bnitiu►s* was announced to commence at one
o'clock, lint is was nearly two before the Citimmoi (Mr.
Drirr, the Blinker', nail the Noblemen and Gentlemen of
Or General and Sub. Committees had arrived.

The Chairman having taken his seat, the meeting were in-
formed of the real state of Ilse ciremestaiires or the room rn
for the first time. The Report of the Sub-Committer, which
had so long been anxiously expected, was read ; it repre-
sented the aair. of the concern to he in the most deplorable
State. the imirerti‘94iii generally entertained having been ge-
nerally defeated; it lainented that the profits expected to
arise from an increased receipt at the doors, and from a di-
minniiins of expenses, world have been realised, but those
hopes were more than disappointed. It stated, that SI Dill
had hero brought into Parliameot as the only means of re.
lief to the concern, to which Bill the Committee waited fir
the sanction of the meeting of the Proprietors—their sanc-
tion to which am immediately necessary ia eons, quente of
the s•ery abort time the present Parliament had to sit; that
it CT. the opinion of the General Committee that no Real
had been wanting on the part of the Sub-Committee, to
whose conduct, and to the liberality of Mr. Moore. the NO'
prietors were greatly indebted. That under all the tinier.
ramments the Theatre might remain open till the end of the
season, hut that the nest season could nut commence email
the various claim. upon the Establehmeut had been settled.
The CoatttatAn at ited, that such was the report 4.f the
Geatlemen, whose ititerrata were precisely similar to those of
the general b 444,14 of Proprietors, and who would instantly
comply with the wishes of the Proprietors, either in abutting
up or keeping open the Theatre. The Report of the Stub.
Committee, to which the above Report alluded, was that
rend. It was a truly lamentable one ; the items it is untie.
criers. to state. It ilitelosed, to the astonishment of the
Prnprie•ors, that the debts of the concern, including the
debts before the building of the Theatre, amounted to up.
wanton( Eighty Thousand Pounds' The Mfaleations were
Alll4l to arise, tint from any fault Newt the part of those con-
cerned be any respect about the Theatre, but from e:rcatn•
stances wholly unforeseen, amongst whielt were the lamented
death of the Princess Charlotte and the novelty anal variety
of the attract• of the Lyceum Theatre. Those rep tea
caused a falling off at the average of Inn/. per night, and
there war no possiltility of scenic rid of the eiseumbi mow
without raising a fond by an application to Path:lntent, and
making all possible reduction in the expenditure. The
lineation of selling the Theatre had particularly occupied the
silent' of the Committee; that project appeared absurd,
whet, it was ron•idered, that the theatrical speculator must
make the most retroordinary applications for fortes:mime on
the part of the claimants, the permit. alio would purchase
the Theatre having to pay rent and taxes to the auwnnnt of
3,0091. a.year, together with the other enormous capital to
which the Theatre was liable-hr most meet the aunt of
1 1,804./ before the Proprietors could give up the concern to
!sign The Report concluded with stating, that no secrets bail
been withheld which did not tend to the general interest of
the Proprietors.

ale. a. H. Rotitxx rose. Mem be recollected what had
been said every year that nothing could preveui the success
of the concern. and when be heard the present statement, he
felt completely astounded. Bad as he thought the business
was, he had iso conceptiou that it was quite so bad as it had
herr just represented. He thought it isecessaay to have a
Committee of the Proprietors to try, in this dreadful ex-
tremity to save the property from rain. With respect to the
Bill in Piss 'lament, he begged to know by whom that Bill had
been sanctioned?

The CIIAIRMA r replied, by the General Committee.
Mr Homes %ilia that, hot a month since, a very different
sort of Meeting bad taken place; he could not hut condemn
thcige also bad the control of the theatrical concerns, for not
having 'emit the Proprietors an insight into the terrible
state of the finances of the Theatre, lle hail suggested that
■ little more information might be given to the Proprietors,
fur report had said that their effigies were very bail, hitt that
report was tuercdal, for it had nut described them half so
bail as they actually were. He had hoped that they would
nut be reduced to such a state as to be convent(' to go to
the Noose of Commons, and comply wills terms to which
none het maniacs could azree.

The Cttartneas said, the Bill bad already palmed but two
stages—if the body of Proprietors were against it, it should
be withdrawn.

Mr. ULU said, that many of the clauses In the Bill bird
been objected to by the General Committee, hot in the Com.
tnittee on the Bill amendments might be proposed which
would remove eves y objection.
Mr Iluntms observed. that there was a elsnae in the Bill
to make holders of 1001. shares liable to be called upon to
pay sums of money. Its common decency this should have
been meutioned at the last Meeting. and the Proprietors
should have been put in possession of the ►eal state of their
property, before 'kings had COMP to such an extremity.
The CIIAMIAN said, that at Potter the receipts of the
noose had been much greater tbeo they had been fur some
time previously; the tarn:tact drawn was, that they would
bat- continued so.
Mr. Bosnia uhaerved, that it was impossible the concern
coedit have been involve/ in as I many thousands wiling' three
sir four weeks or mouths. The Chairman appeared to Inns
to be excessively ',Jingoism; the ouly wily of doing any ser-
vice was, by the ■pluiutmeut of a Committee of the Pro.
Irrietors to inquire into every ciacumidauce cuuttected with
the Theatre

Dlr. EII.LIII raid, the Sob-Commit tee and Ilse General Coln-
millet would give all Ike infortnatiou its their power, and
would ru-operate with the Proprietors.
Ruatt4ll stall il, that ilia moment he beast] of the üb.
jrrt. tile clauses of the Bill, he sent in a petition against
it, hot he would witipliliw all opposition, if the Pioprielors
thosocht it of adrautnce to their interests. _ .

Mr. PERRY said, that no one breathing could consent to a
Hill euutaitriiig the clause compelling the Milder, of shares to
pay a uf tutnicy npou those rimers, or raising a sum by
ammitirs
A Proprietor said lie had understood that it was in tandem.
plat to confide the tilauairment to tote competent person.
As things went now, it would be much heeler to shut the
Theatre. The Proprietors could lose outbiug by it. Ile
had been always sanguine until now.
Mr. Hooves agreed that closing the Theatre would benefit
the Proprietors ; but how would the actors tale ?—(lienr.)
A Proprietor—s. Eire all the profits to the Actors, if
they are conterit."—(.4 /snot)
Mr. I'. Moot* said, the Committee had no faculty of
raising money ; if they bad 11w purser of raising oar hun-
dred thousand pound., lie was sure the Pi oprieturs mould
have no objection.
Several Proprietors said they certainly should uhject to
such a home.
Lord KIN!.AIRD said; the Proprietors were certainly to Ire
excused fur occasional was milt on such a subject. -
plained id the tardy erimmouications made by the Cob-Com-
uriuce as to the affairs of the concerti, as well as of tbr sod-
r:en call upon the Proprietors to adopt an immediate mea-
sure. Ile wished to know chat was the object of the Hill,
sod he could out r rimpriliend why the Prom idiots should
give lip a power which that Hdl intended to couvey lulu the
bawls of others.
The Comastss•itifurnicd the Meeting, that the riliject of
the Committee was to recommend,not to command, that the
Theatre should Ire attempted to be saved by the Hill ; bin if
any tithe' ovule of raising money scrawl piacticable, they
would adopt the stens of the Mrtlin.
Mr. PERRY said, that if the Pr,,pi lefts's were not deter-
' mined to support • fallin: concern, they might at bast to
expected to wish to etch-Mite themselves Hr thought that
• proposal might be accepted to raise ney fur the helnefil
of the creditors by bonds, bills, or debeistister. lle held in
his baud a proposal in which raising in y by annuities
was advised: To the plan uf ataituities lie had be-
fore stated his objcillions—to the plop istlhiu in other
respects he bad none. As to the compulsory clause,
it was absurd; bat 'something must be dune when creditors
mere prineediug to Juslgiuclat. To raise money to pay itch's,
was probably a rational way of iluiug the thing—(Laarrhier)
—But what could lit thole iu the present state of thiugs
1`• tits *fie inci eased by law proceedings, and the Paurrie-

itle• email not Mob lettiok it go to execution upon the
woes.
Mr. tiOT ',aid, the Propiirtors ought to be cocoi.iiftlore3
if mon. y was wanting, it should he burrowed of Ilsern-I,e
would be ono ,of those who would immediately agrre I,

[Mere some conversation took place upon the pridishility
that the Bill could not pass in the present SeS1:11.111, if the
least delay were caused.]
Mr Cabcn•re said, it was his intention to oppose the
Bill, because it was caletdateil to Countenance, iu the ep
of the publir, tl.o It oltent!? of the concern, which appeared
to him to be completely insolvent. As the theatre was cer-
tainly losing every night, the sooner it was closed the hi t-
ier; until that preliminary step was taken, to stop the re
polar luso, nothing could he dune.

The CUAIR?SAM Maid, there was a point of bonunr to be
observed towards the actors.

Mr. CALI-11417'T observed, that the benefits to the *Hoc*
were the only things by which the Crown-tura could nut lose.
Ile censured the Committee fur nut baring given annual
publicity In their accounts.
Mr. 1). KINNAIHD said, that while he was nn
Committee, the Proprietors bad been regularly informed i.f
what took place; he sorgestett that the concern shonhl
consider its own honour, by paying a proper attention to the
claim, of the creditor*.

Mr. Krim/gum mated, that the house rhnold not he .hat
tweamse the Proprietor' had a ditty to perform to the
public, and shouhl hot allow the heense to lay elm-limit.
Lord YARMOUTH /aid the house was incapable of borrow.
ink without the Bill.
Mr. Rontiot'a propo.iiinn as Committee of Propriet.o.,
to examine tub the affair/ of the 'theatre was then nerved to.

Mr. Kr au begged to et:tercet the misrepreventation that
had been made with respect to his Brother Performers on .4i.
turday last. He assort! the meeting that they felt foi the
impoverished state of the Theatre, and had offered their ',i-
cier', ("r three week•. This hod been rejected. The pi'''.
pose! far the reditetion of their salaries had certainly beet&
objected too, and would never he acquiesced be. As a pro-
prietor, he ass of opiaion that much might be done at the
theatre, and under the isiflocace of that opinion be had pier.
chased another 5001. "hare Asa proprietor, he •hoold
every thing that would Meet the approbation of the zeneral
body; end, as a priformer, he should repulse every thli.g
degrading to him and his brotherhood.
It was agreed, after some further observations, that ti,
Committee, coosiating of fifteen, should proceed atilt the
Hill (with modifications suzzi shed) in Parliament; alert
a' hid, thanks were given to the Ciotti mass, and the Mr mint
broke tip.
