the new constitution fur the peznnts, was to Le
published. At wren in the mottling, therefore, the
Civil Governor, the° authorities, the nobility, the
citizens, and a great number of petunia, arrived to
pour out their heart* to the formation of all that is
good, and to thank him that the respectable class
of their brethren, who cultivate the soil of the coun-
try. have also attained the rights of citizens.
The solemn Te Demme began after the arrival of
his Excellency the Governor, Marquis Palucci, and
never probably was this hymn chaunted with more
feeling than by the persons assembled on this day,
on whirls above 400,000 of their brethren were to re-
gain the rights and dignity of men.
After the 7'e !kart, the Governor addressed the
Assembly in an appropriate speech, declaring the
abolition of the slavery of the peasants by the de-
cree of his Majesty, at the request of the nobility,
and announcing the plan of the new Ordinance re-
lating to the peasantry.

The clergyman then ascended the pulpit, and
held • discourse in German, in which he shewell the
point of view in which the new constitution df 'the
peasants was to be considered, and the impdrtauce
of the present moment. He then addressed the
peasants in Livonian, announced to them the bene.
6ts given them by the Emperor, saluted them as
freemen, and exhorted them to gratitude to the
Emperor, love to their late masters, and a proper
use of their freedom, recommending them to pur-
sue the path of legal order and tranquillity, which
each of them had now to take. A solemn hymn
concluded this memorable'ce►emony.
'His imperial Majesty, after Divine Service in
'the Church of the Holy Trinity, went to the Greek
'Church, amidst the acclamations of the people,
end beard Te Deum performed. Meantime the
nobility, the public officers, and the peasants, who
had been assembled in the church, went to the
Castle, whither the Emperor repaired from the
church, and had the civil Officers and the nobility
presented to him. •

A scene then succeeded which represented the
Ramis.' Sovereign in the fairest light as the father
of his people, or, as the world in its infancy called
Princes, as the shepherd of his people. He ceased
the assembled peasants to be brought before him,
and discoursed to them in person, explaining what
his goodness had given them, and the proper use
of is. The worthy Deputy of the Country, Count
Charles Von Medea, interpreted the discourse of
the Emperor, who graciously beard the reply of
two of the peasants.
In the afternoon the Emperor, at the invitation
of the nobility of the province, partook of an ele-
gant entertainment in the Hall of the Equestrian
Order, which was tastefully ornamented with flowery
shrubs. During the entertainment the Emperor
gave as a toast, 44 The soef fore ♦! the Cour/and No-
;" and Count Medea. in return, proposed
" The health tf his Migiesty."

Immediately after the entertainment his Majesty
continued his journey to Berlin and Aix-la-Cha-
pelle, accompanied by the blessing of all the
people of Courland.

irocigner.m. °cross& 6.

The King has given 4,000 dollen to portion ten
of*e young women who received his Majesty at
the triumphal arch at Drontheim, and 5.000 dol-
lars to be divided omen the poor of that city.
The Deputies of the Swedish Diet have inserted
in the Noronha, Gazette an Address, returning
the most cordial thanks for the hospitable recep-
tion they met with in Norway, particularly io Drou-
theist.

lIMISURON, °cross" 16.

On the lith September, 1817, ;Treaty of Com-
merce was concluded between Sweden and North
America, which was to be ratified in eight months;
but the Government of the latter country signified
through its Ambassador at Stockholm, that it amid
not ratify the 3J, 4th, and 6th Articles of the
Treaty, by which the ratification was delayed till
the 24th July this year, on which day it took place
on the part •f Sweden, with the omission of those
Articles. The whole Treaty is published (only
the commencement of it has yet been inserted in

the Nurnberg!' Pepers).—(fiambargit Papers,
October 16.)

THE B Rrn sH. PRESS.

LONDON,

WEDNESDAY, DcTons 2t, ISIS.
