THE BRITISH PREIS.

lON DON,
MONDAY. Serremeect 10.

Private letters from Paris state, that at the Coro-
nation of BotrweaßTE, a Emperor of the French,
anus• Nobility will be instituted, unlir the title of
Patricians, by a Sena•as CJivattas. is he vocl.Omed
upon that occasion. This measure wi!l intnede all per-
sons, with their families and descendants, who,
within the first ten years of Bortaitait re's reign,
have occupied, or shall occupy, the first and great
places of State, such as Field Marshals, Corn-
mantlers in Chief, Generals of Die;sion, Minis-
ters, Cardinals, Grand °dicers of the Legion of
Honour, Counsellors of State, Senators, Ste. By
the same Senfrttrr Conerftvi a new Equestrian Order
will also be instituted, consisting of all those per-
sons, their families and descendants, who, within
tie same period of ten years, have been, or shall be,
Tribunes, Legislators, Prefeels, Bishops, Com-
manders of the Legion of Honour, Generals of
Brigade, Presidents of Tribunals, Governors of
Fortresses, Ike. All these members of the Patri-
cian or Equestrian Ortkrs, their rat:iv .s and de-
scendants, are to have a preference ;ti all applica-
tions for places, and to have precedence of their
fellow-citizens. They are to wear their coats of
arms, as they shall receive them front the It:steelier,
upon the day of his Coronation; but without any
titles of Dukes, Marquises, Counts, or Barons.
They may, however, annex to their signatures
tt —of the Patrician Order," or " of the
Equestrian Order." Their children will also
be received in preference to any others at the
Prytanees, Military Schools, and all public offices
as well as at Court. They are not to be subjeo to
the laws of military conscription, but will begin
their career in the army as cadets or volunt eers,and,
upon the first vacancy, will be advanced to the rank
of off*.cers. Benches, boxes, or pews, will be
erefled in the theatres, churches, and other public
places, for the exclusive accommodation of the Pa-
tricians, the Members of the Equestrian Order, and
their families. Such are the outlines of the plan
of a new Senoras Consulter, circulated at Paris, no
doubt, to prepare the public mind for this scanda-
lous innovation, which is to elevate the rabble upon
the I dins of the old nobility. A revolutionary no-
bility is necessary to the support of a revolutionary
throne ; and therefore, wherever the Usurper can
change a lawful dynasty, its supporters and props,
its hereditary nobility, will be sere to share the
fate of their Sovereign, if they do not purchase their
safety by treachery and treason ! !
The first plat of the French rebels was against
religion and hereditary property ; and the second,
against hereditary rank. In November, 173% the
confiscation and sale of the church-lands were de-
creed by the National Assembly; and, in May,
1790, the annihilation of all titles, and hereditary
nobility. On the 10th of August, 174, the neces-
sary consequence, the destruCtion of the Throne
follcwed, an imaginary equality was proclaimed,
and all men of property were proscribed as aristo-
crats, or arrested as such. Box•raare. began his

reign in 179 f, with a step the very reverse of Li.
rebellions predecessors ten years before. His firs'
Measure was to recal the clergy, by a concordat
with the Pope, to make them revolutionary ; and,
by salaries from himself, to attach them to his Go-
vernment. His next step was to Trotea all the pur-
chasers, or rather plunderers, of national property,
to make them his principal placernan, and to be-
stow upon them all distinaions and honours. He
has, therefore, ascended the Throne with the same
supports which the National Assembly took away,
to overturn it. Knowing that a revolutionary reli-
gion, and a revolutionary property, are not always
sufficient to secure the continuance of a monarchical,
or rather despotic government ; he now creates a
Revolutionary Nobility, who, to their former obli-
gation, add that of hereditary rank ; and whose po-
litical, an,l, considering their former crimes, moral,
and ph) sical existence, is entirely ccnne&ed with the
existence of the Bosar•azt family, in supreme
authority. To keep, however, the persons "an are
either disaffeaed from principles, or disappointed
from ambition, quiet, in hope, and obedience, he
holds out to them the prospea of being, within five
years, as elevated and powerful as those, whom they
now hate or envy ; who surround him as Courtiers,
advise him as Counsellors, serve him as Senators.
command his armies as Generals, pray for him as
Priests, or negociate for him as Politicians ; all
living in affluence, bowing to their tyrant indeed, hut
plundering or oppressing their ,inferiors with impu-
nity. That such allurements, held out to an im-
moral, proud, and selfish people, like the modern
French, will meet with the expealed success, unfor-
tunately, cannot be doubted, particularly in the
present depraved times, when so many Continental
Kings are no longer Royalists themselves; so few
Continental Ministers are found possessing talents
and honesty; and so many Continental Prelates
AVOW themselves lukewarm Christians, or dangerous
infidels.

By this new revolutionary measure, Bost AP ARTE
takes a great stride towards the accomplishment of
his favouriteobjeft of un:rersal rerolation, by establish.
ing, or rather erecting every where new dynasties,
new nobles, and new proprietors. From the, very
nature of his Government, and its supporters, be
and they, note ithstanding the most solemn treaties,
and the most sacred guarantees, must continue, for
their own and reciprocal safety, in continual opposi-
tion or enmity with all ancient Governments and
institutions. BoNAPAnTE can never be secure upon
his usurped throne, as long as any legitimate Prince
remains independent ; the rank of his new nobles,
so nearly conneCted with the situation of their master,
most remain precarious, as long as any old nobility
can pride themselves, not only upon their own vir-
tues, but upon the names of noble ancestors, and
their atchievements. BONAPARTE'S decrees, or Se.
RaifiX Conlailt us, are unable to insure the new French
proprietors their ill-acquired possessions, as long
as inheritance, or contrafis with lawful owners, are
every where else the only titles to the lawful enjoy-
ment of wealth or estates ; or, in short, as long as
property, as well as rank, have not changed hands,
enriched guilty beggars, and elevated ambitious cri-
minals. As long as BONAPARTE reigns, the scaffold
of Louis XVI. the exile of Louis XVIII. and the
proscription of the Princes of their blood, are there.
fore the only prospea for all legitimate Sovereigns
and their families. They or the Corsican Usurper
must fall. In the sufferings and wretchedness of
the banished and plundered French nobility and
gentry, nobles, gentlemen, and men of property,
of all countries, may read what awaits them, as
long as BONAPARTE continues upon a throne, sup-
ported by men, who, but a few years ago, were
confounded in the crowd, unknown intriguers, needy
adventurers, and ruined and desperate charaeters,
equally destitute of education, of honour, of prin-
ciples, and of property. The conduCt of a Fat-
DERICK WILLIAM 111. of a Fa asocis 11. or rather
of their Counsellors, and of those of some other
Continental Princes, will make revolutions every
where else more easy than that of France: when
BONAPASTE gives the signal of destruCtion, their
adherents and followers must iw hot ; because,
they cannot but remember, that insults and wretched.
ness have been the only rewards for the loyalty of
the adherents of the Botta soma ; at the same time,
that distinCtions and affluence, power, respe4l, and
riches, have, even by Monarchy, been heaped upon
the traitors, most distinguished in the French

One of the Hamburgh Mails due arrived yester-
day, with letters and papers to the 29th. An arti-
cle from Amsterdam states, that an army of
153,000 men was to embark early in this month for
the invasion of England, and that BONAPARTE
would remain upon the coast until it had sailed.
we know, however, by later information from
France, that he is gone to join the mock Empress
at Aix-la-Chapelle, and to visit the forts and banks
of the Rhine. While the vain and puerile prepa-
rations for the EMPIIIOI.6 Coronation, as Emrcauß

of Ansi- n A, engross all die conversation of Vienna,
new insurrections have broken out in the Turkish
Empire. The insurgents have driven away the
Pacha of A LEP via ; the Wehabis are again masters
of the vicinity of Mecca and Medina, and the
rebels of Romelia have again Merited the troops
of the Strt.TAN, and are approaching the Turkish
capital. The anarchy in Turkey is, however,
less to be dreaded, than the absurd vanity of Aus-
tria, because the former only threatens one Em-
pire with destruction, whilst the latter, by its
new title, organises the degradation and slavery
of every Continental state. It is said; that a Rus-
sian courier has brought information to Vienna of an
alliance having been concluded between England
and Russia ; but the Austrian Cabinet is now so
busy with coronation preparations, that this event
has excited not even a sentiment of curiosity.
The rumonrs of the force anl destination of the
Russian Fleet in the road of Copenhagen are va-
rious and contradiCtory. A new reinforcement of
Russian ships has lately sailed from Constantinople
for Corfou.

Yesterday we receive/ the Ato::ileurt of the 24th
and 25th. They are totally destitute of news. The
S per cents were, on the 21th, SG fr. 35 cents.

The report of the capture of the Lill, sloop of
war is confirmed by the following extra from
The Norj:: Herald, an American paper, of the 24th
July :
" Sunday morning last arrived here part of the
crew of the British sloop of war bity, captured
on the 15th inst. by the French privateer, La Dame
Hated, Capt. CHARLES LF.MAINUF., who, the day
before, captured the ship Mary of Liverpool, from
Africa for Savannah, with a valuable cargo of slave.,
ivory, &c. and a ship from Honduras for London,
with mahogany : atter taking out the most valuable
part of the Mary's cargo, they gave h er up to the crew,
and put the Lill,',, and the other ship's men, on
board. They detained Mr. ASHTOS (Captai❑ of
the Mary), and proposed carrying him to Guade-
loupe, as an evidence for conderunat'on. The Lilly
mounted sixteen 12-pounders, and had, seventy-six
men on board ; the privateer mounted fourteen
12-pound carronades, and two Lang nine•pounders .
with 140 men on board. Capt. COMPTOPI, and
Lieut. FowtErt, of the Lilly, were kiiled."

On Saturday, about two o'clock, the SWEDISH
AMR ASSADOR transaaed business with Lord HA s-
nowily, at his Office. At three o'clock, the Luisa
CHANCELLOR was with his Lordship.
The Downs squadron is to be immediately aug-
mented by sixteen armed ships, which have been
recently commissioned.
The new works at Dover, it is expated, will be
completed before Christmas; two Regiments of
Militia are constantly employed on them.
Four sixty-f' urs, namely, the Intrepid. Stately,
Nucor, and Viewer, are to be navigated from
the Medway to the Thames, .in order to be repaired
in some of the merchant yards on the river ; the
Ruby of 64, and the Romney of 50, are to be re-
paired at Chatham.
The Firm, Foriout, Pineiter, Tickler, and Sparkler
gun-brigs, are ready for sea at Chatham ; but Com-
manders have not yet been appointed ro them.
The Orestcs and Champion attacked a detachment
of praams and gun-boats, as they were creeping
along shore from Gravelines to Boulogne, on Thurs-
day last; but they kept so very near their own bat-
teries, as to render it impossible to cut them oft.
In the evening' of the same gay, the same division
doubled Cape Grisnez, when they were attacked
by the boalorialiti, who had one man killed by a
shot from the batteries. At this time none of the
flotilla were outside Boulogne P.N.; but on Friday
morning they came and arranged themselves close
under the batteries, to the number of about one
hundred and twenty, of different descriptions, not
to attack our little squadron, but to exercise their
fair weather sailors.

Orders have been received at Oxford, for facili-
tating the progress of a large body of troops through
that county by forced marches..
The Lord Lieutenancy of Kincardine is vacant
by the death of the Earl of K It:T(111a.
Lord Me s nowt] at.a, on Tuesday, was admitted
one of the Lords of Justiciary, in the room of
Lord MET H V EN, resigned.
'The Ele9inn of a Member for Horsham, in the
room of the late Mr. Ross, is fixed for the 22d inst.
The Light Companies of the different Regiments
on the coast are to be immediately completed to 10'J
men ; and it is supposed that they will be em•
ployed to man the gun-boats which are preparing to
meet those of the enemy.
During last week a number of foreigners lan.?-
ed at Gravesend from Holland and Germany,
who pretend to be merchants, coming over here
for the sales at the East India House. Among
them are many Jews, and several Swiss, Italians,
And Frenchmen. We hope that Government, before
it permits BUN AAAA subjeds to come to the Ca•
pital, is convinced that they, as well as persons from
countries tyrannised over by the Corsican, are really
what they represent themselves ; and, instead of
buyers of our goods, are not dealers in treason, be-
longing to the secret French Police, sent over here
as spies and intriguers to disseminate disafedion, or
to plot conspiracies. The vigilance of our ex-
ecutive is so much the more necessary over
foreigners arriving now from the Continuo,
as we are daily threatened with an invasion ;
and, in every country, cursed with the. pre-.
sence of BON•PA RTC'S armed slaves, political
diaries baser at all times, formed their advanced
guard Let us sell our superfluities to all nations,
but let us be careful in not including oar liberty
indernsienee in the bargain. men.
