THE WEST INDIA ISLANDS.

(ht Saturday we received Jamaica Papers to the 7t11;till.
Among our extracts is a copy of a letter from Mr. llushis-
sou, on the subject of the late slave insurrection in De-
merara, which is peculiarly interesting, not only for the
temperate sentiments expressed upon the question of the
abolition of slavi.ry, but because it discloses the opinions
and views of the Bight Hutt. Gentleman's colleagues. The
letter is addressed to Nit% til:Astone, of Liverpool, and it
may be presumed, front the terms in which Mr. IVilber-
force and his friends are spoken of, was nut intended for
publication.
THE AGENT'S LETTER.
KINGSTOX, FEB. It
I had lately an interview with Lord Bathurst. in the course of
which it was my endeavour to impress upon his Lordship my eon.
victim of the danger and impropriety of the continued efforts mak-
ing all OTC,' the country be the advocates for the emancipation ofthe
negrom, pressing forward petitions for expediting that object, and
more especially in districts where the question cannot be understood
hpree.eetlings seemed to me to merit. on the part of his 31a.
i-_sestyop's Ministers, something more marked than disregard ; and I
respectfully suggested that they ought to be met in the House of
Commons by a decisive declaration that, if the British public
should versist in (innards, by which the lawful property of the
Colonists must be injured, compensarion must in the twat instance
be not only pledged, hut provided. Such a derlararion was, in-
deed, become necessary, since it would not be difficult for me to
prove to his Lortlahip that eases for compensation, upon the
clearest ptinciples of equity, had already occurred. and that our
properties alti-rether had become of hide or no avail, whether for
purposes of sale or transfer.
II is Lordship mild he could not undertake to say now in what
manner these tow petitions might be nret in Parliament, or what
might be the language of Ministers regarding them, but, in his
own opinion, they would not be considered as worthy of much re-
gard. His latnlship did not seem willing to enter upon the discus-
soon of a provision for compensation. nor was this perhaps the
fittest time for my pressing that subject.
P.S.—I last night received a letter from !fr. Horton, written by
direction of Lord Itathuist, a ropy of which, together with a copy
of what I have just written to his Lordship in reply. I now trans-
mit to you. add I have not any observation at this moment to make
to you on the etihiect, excepting such as you will gither front my
letter to his Lordship. You may rest assured, that in the course
of any coinmunications with his Lordship, the interests of Jamaica
shall not suffer by want of seal and exertion on my part, be the
mode of that communication what it may.
The consequence of publishing in the Papers of this
Island the confidential personal communications between
Lord Bathurst and Mr. Hibbert has been, that his Lord-
ship has declined all personal interviews with him, u will''
be seen by the following letters above alluded to :
Copy of a Letter from R. Wilmot Horton, Esq., to (temp
Harbert, Erg.. dated Downing-street, January 1),
Sta—l am directed by Lewd Bathurst to inform you, that, as,
the Committee of Correspondence in Jamaica have thought proper
to publish a report of the communications which took place in the
personal interviews a hich he hid with you, his Lordship desires,
that, in future, his communications with you may be confined to,
written documents, as records of verbal conversations arc naturally
liable to incorrectoms.
I am also directed to infirm you, that in making this communi-
cation, his Lordship does not give any opinion of the accuracy or
inaccuracy of the report of his conversation with you in question,
which, in point of fact, he has never seen.
His Lordship regrets that, under these circumstance, the inter-
course which has hitherto subsisted between his Lordship and your-
'elf, as Agent for the island of Jamaica, must cease to be so con-
fidential as the interests of that island seemed hitherto to require.
I have the honour to remain, your obedient humble Servant,
(Signed) It. WIL3IOT HORTON.
- - - - -

Copy of Mr. George Hibhert's letter, in reply to the Right Hon.
the Earl Itatittind, dated Billiter-court, Jan. 10. 1824.
. .

re reived last night the le ter of 3lr. Horton,
dated the Vth inst., written by directions from your Lordship, which
informs me," that as the Committee of Correspondence in Jamaica
bare thought proper to publish a report of the communications
which took place in the personal interviews which your botdship
had with me, it is your Lordship's desire that, in future, such cons.
tounications may be confined to written documents," kir reasons
which your Lordship pies on to state.
I shall, by the mail of this day, transmit s copy of Mr. ilarton's
letter to the Committee of l'orrespuntlence; and your Lordship
will, I trot, receive through me such explanations as they may
offer on the subject.
31eantime I venture to assure your Lordship that the publication
of any part of the letters of their Agent, which relate to personal
conterences with your Lordship, or any of his Majesty's 31inistens,
het in no instance been authorized, much less directed, by the Cons.
tuittee of Correspondence, although it has recently once or twice
. •

happened by means of the access which each individual of the Com.
nutter must have to the letters of the Agent, whether the Assembly
be or be not sitting.
Your Lordship's commands, that in future your communica-
tions with me may be confined to written documents only. 1 re-
ceive with regret, not mlly from the kiss 1 must thereby suffer of
the facilities which your Lordship has often so kindly afforded me
for the discharge of my important duties, but from the additional
trouble which 1 foresee I must be compelled to give your Lord-
ship, in the course of performing those indispensable duties in
future. •_ _ _

These considerations, however, are meetly personal ; and as to
what regard the interests of Jamaica, a Colony to all respects so in-
strumental to the welfare of Great Britain, I do not indulge an ap-
prehension that they will be permitted to suffer through the want of
any cecetsary or useful means of communication betwixt his Ma-
Secretary of State for the Colutial Department and the
r.gent fur that island.
I have the honour to be, very respectfully, my Lord, your Li rd-
ship's obliged and faithful servant,
(Si4nsd) GEORGE lIIBBERT.
LETTER FROM 31 R. HUSKISSON To 31 R. GLADSTONE
(Corr.) " Easthain, Nov. 2, 11123.
"Me Malt Se a—l now return you the letters from your prin-
cipal attorney at Demerara, which you have been so kind as to send
for tuy perusal and information. lam very sorry that the forebod-
ings or those who deprecated in vain the agitation of the Slave ques-
tion by the House of Commons, have been so soon realized ; and
that this alarming insurrection in Demerara, and not any of the
improvements which were anticipated by the promoters of that dis-
cussion, is the first practical issue of it. I am sure 1 need not tell
you (though I believe we have not the credit of it with many of the
West Indians) that the Government did every thing in its power to
prevent Buxton's motion altogether, and that Mr. Canning in par-
ticular exerted all his personal influence with Mr. M'ilberforce and
others for tnat purpose. I perfectly agree with you that in a mat-
ter of this portentous difficulty, it is only by gradual' amelioration—
by moral and religious improvement—by humanity and kindness__
by imperceptibly creating better domestic habits and feelings aiming
the stares—by countenancing and encouraging all that can have that
tendency in the conduct of the owners and w lute people—by repress-
ing wits the strong arm of the law, and stigmatising with the moral
power of opprobrium and disgrace, whatever leads to an opposite
result—that we have a chance of ultimately and even then remotely,
providing for the termination of so great an evil, moral and politi-
cal, as the existence of a large population in a state of chattel pos-
session and personal slavery. In principle, this is the cud which
every good man ought to wish for, perhaps to look to, but it is an
ead, wh ch, so far trout publishing or ;nue:aiming at the outset, he
ought almost to conceal even from himself. It is the fault, and a
heavy one it is, of Wilberforce and his associate*, that by agitating
the question, and proclaiming their object, they have rendered the
application of the means both hazardous and more difficult, instead
of feeling that every step towards their own ultimate object was in
itself so much of real and substantial immovement, that it ought to
hare been enough to have satisfied their feelings for the present,
whilst it would leave them this assurance for the future, that, in
doing an immediate good, they had made a safe step in advance
towards the attainment of their final wishes. 1 hope, rather than ex-
pect, that what has happened at Demerara may teed] this party
more discretion, and that we shall not witness a repetition tot*
those inconsidente petitions and provocations to debate the
question of emancipation, which Rimed a part of their tactics in
the last Session. On die other hand, I trust that, whilst the Go-
vernment provides adequate means of increasing the internal se-
curity of the colonhii, they will nut, front temper, or a mistaken
confidence that the danger is at an end, lobe sight of those mea-
sures of improvement winch are within their power. Among those
measures must be a greater encouragement and provision for 31i-
nisters of the Established Church, either of Englatid or of Scotland.
I think die example of Smith, of whom it is difficult to presume
he was altogether innocent of the late conspiracy, proves that die
colonies and the government must look fur the religious instruction
of the Negroes to men, whose situation :nd tenure will afford a
better security that they will not overstep the views and intentions
'of their employers, than can be found in the voluntary oral, even
it always honest and sincere, of the Missionaries, fur the interests
of religion. Imu sorry that the vicinity of Smith to our estate,
andtua connection with wile of your slaves, has involved you in
some loss of property; but, looking to the immense stake you
have in this colony, you may console yourself, if the result of this
formidable conspiracy ehouid be, that its preimiture explosion af-
fords die chance of a better insurance as.ainat the repetition of a
similes danger. " I remain, &c.fie _obta

(Signed) " W. 11USKISSON.
" John Gladstone, Esq. Liverpool:"
TRIAL AND EXECL"fIO. pr REBEL NEGROES IN

-
JA3IAII:A.
KING!Tox, FE aa vaa Y 14.

. .
Extract of a letter from fluff flay, dated the 10th inst. :—Henry
Oliver was executed pursuant to the second warrant on Wednesday
lest ; he died without making any confession, but earnestly im-
plored forgiveness from his maker, and Jesus. Omer was 'se-
ated on k riday ; he also refused to make any confession, and on
the platform he held up his head, and desired all to lout un his
esuntenance, and say, whether he appeared to he a bad Negro. Of
the four condemned to death by the list Slave Court, the sentence
of three has been commuted to transportation. Sainali and George
Taylor, who were sentenced by the same Court to transportation,
!
hare been pardoned by his Grace the Governor.
Accounts from Demerara, dated the 11:th of January, state the
arrival of the 27th, or Enniskillen regiment, about UN strong. AI ar-
nal law was still continued, the red flag was flying, and the militia
sere keys uncle. arms. The Negroes found guilty of being con-
cerned in the rebellion were sentenced to different punishment/—
from one thousand to two hundred ladies, which were all inflicted.
Othino and Sammy, who rereival one thousand lashes each, were
Lirther sentenced to be worked in chains—dm former for life, tie',
fa:t:r for seven years.

MEMOIRS OF CAPTAIN Rock:
THE CZ 2222 %TED IRISH CHIEFTAIN t WITLI SORE
