Dellis inquiry be would not take upon himself to amen the elute I Prices of the market, when this money was advanced, he did
of the Lord Chancellor's anxiety foe it. Ile could not take upon not think that a discount of .5 per cent, would be considered too
'lltiienell to determine (and who could ?) from what mixed feeling's of much.
the human mind certain actions may proceed; but of this be was Mr. CANNING stated, that the diplomatic part of this sink
• or the truth of this he could roach—that the date of the had ben arranged in Vienna, the pecuniary part of it was settled in
irh, in the mind of the Lewd Chancellor, for this inquiry, was at , London, and when it became known what money we were to re-
kno as distant and as old as the report made last year in the House ' ceive, the discount of 5 per cent. was allowed for its immediate
of lard', Ile wax disposed to join a ith the Learned .Member who realization, and he did nut think that sum ill bestowed.
'uet sat down in the primes he bestowal upon the Learned Mem- Mr. HUME still maintained, that by consequence of thin ar-
below him, who brought this question before the House, rangement 2,500.110111. the sum agreed on, had not been paid to
that his conduct WAS perfectly becoming both on the former this country, and there had been an actual loss to the public of
and the present occasion. Ile had to be sure introduced some topics 6004101.
not bearing upon the subject. He had touched upon some Other The CHANCELIAIR of the EXCHEQUER observed, that
subjects., and had amplified, it must be eOhrelkted, with considerable the contract made with these gentlemen was previous to the signs-
elect ; but he would pay this compliment, that he had said no. lure of the treaty, and unless the Government had made such an
thing which he had occasion or could possibly feel a wish to re- arrangement, the 311,000.0001. of stock which Austria offered to US
tract. He had never heard a speech of me accusative kind I would have been perfectly useless, and we ntight never have rem
which was lens calculated to lead away from the attainment of : Ikeda shilling from it.
the object which the speaker had in view; and he was sure it I Mr. %VA RRE wished, that the paper.; in which Austria ace
would he a SPUN!e of pleasure, and grunted to the House, to semi- I knowkelged a debt to this country of 20,000,000 L might be pro-
rate with these feelings upon tree suteect; even to those who came ; duped t and he 'should like to see with what face site amid tow
down full charged to the attack. with all their artillery ratty to I come forward and offer 2.500.000 L ; or, as hie Hon. Friend (Mr.
discharge upon the Lord High (h ineellor of England—even these Brougham) expressed it, N. fel. in the pound, in full liquidation
gent', teen would, he was COPVIIICeII, separate, rejoiced and glad of this debt. Vet he was willing to give the Ministers some
that they were spared the n cessity of using these instruments, lie , credit for having obtained even this composition, as he reinembered
was ISM that. acting motet the influence at these (yeller., the: when the subject was once mooted in that House, Lord London.
lion. 31embere who were die)a:sal to vote for the inquiry would : deny stated, that any discussion on the point was useless, and u*od
se that, under the present circumstances, no benefit would be de. : the elegant phrase, that •• it' we were to turn the whole matter in-
rwst no public good would be the resuit ; that a supposition of side out, we should get nothing;" and yet this was a debt which
tins nature would be a deception, and would be productive, not of ' Mr. Pitt had said, the Emperor of Austria might be sued for in
an act of public benefit, but of individual persecution. ilear.) his own Courts. The lion. Gentleman stated, in conclusion, that
The House would, he- was sure, set consistently with candour, and , the only object he had in making these observations was the pro-
not wish to enter into the investigation at present; it would do duction of the pap ms.
junt.ce w the character of the Lord Chancellor, ea which there was I Mr. CsiNNING had every disposition to gratify the Hon. Gen.
no impeachment, yn which there rested nothing which his warmest ; denten: but he had eapressed &desire that it would be rather diffi-
friend would wish to heve removed : and whatever may be the re-i cult to grant; yet he believed the papers connected with this subject
stilt of tile commission, it Lord Eldon were to he the last Chan- had, front time to time, been laid on the table. He did not take
allot who held his high office undivided, as it Mond at present, or I the credit which the lion. Gentleman attributes to the present Go.
if (a ciminastanee to which he was most strongly opposed) the . v.mment, in the recovery of this money • for on his coming into
hoecure and duties of that station were to he diapered and re- office he found that the sum which was to 'have been paid, and the
flaxseed, he would he looked upon with ndiniration by posterity, mode of paying it, had already funned a subject of negutiatioe,
for his learning, anti the timullied cheracterwite which toe so many and he merely followed in the footsteps of his peedecessor ; indeed
years he tilled his high office. There was still another view in width I he was certain that he newer should have originated such a demand on
the question was to beconsudered, he meant the separation of polities Austria, as he had sonic doubt whethernhe ough' to have been called
from law ; this separation he would lament ; he for his part woad : on to pay any pan of this loan, and he would shortly state the
never cement to it; he considered the office of I 'heraelor to be the: grounds of his opinion : in the year lOW a !subsidy had been pre-
exist splendid privilege attached to our monarchical existence: and : raised to Austria by this Government on the condition that she
I e was obliged to the Learned Mealier opposite, Me reminding ; would join this country as her ally against France ; sha con.
hint of the opposition he made to the appointment of a Vice-Chan- ; 'anted to this ; but shortly after she seceded from her alliance
atlas Ile was not a judge, practically, of its Inc wereniences ;bu : with this country, and made peace with France. Yet not-
at that time he declared as he did now, and as he ewer WOOll, ' withstanding this, some time after, when she claimed the sum
against the dismemberment of his office. it was, in his opinion, ;of eno.oool. as part of this subsidy which was then due to her, the
the most splendid prerogative of the Crown, that the Motors:lt I claim was admitted by this country and the money paid. Now if
should be competent to raise the humblent lawyer in Westminster Austria hail been considered as indebted to England, why was not
Hall (huinble he meant in birth and station, but non in learning or j this sum retained as a set-off? and could not this circumstance be
in talent), and place him et the head and front of the peerage of ! fairly trot as an argument that this country had waived any claim
the land. (Hear, hear.) Ile did, therefore, as he before remarked, I she might have had against Austria. Such he was sure would be
emer his most solemn protest against the dismemberment of his the inference of *bullet dealings between man and man.
high office, not for the sake of the present Chancellor—not for the Mr. HUME made some further observations; after which
rise of Lord Eldon, but for the sake of his snecossorn, whoever The Resolutions were agreed to, the House resented, and the
they might be. lie would never consent to the destruction of that ' Report was ordered to he received to-morrow.
set mild vicissitude which might open the highest offices of the The llouse adjourned at Eleven o'clock.
rate to the humble lawyer in the Court of Pied Poudre. But it —eiene—
was said that the Chancellor should, in addition to his knowledge at
the law, be possessed of the highest talents : what other man
could be appointed to the situation? If he were not the posseeser of
distinguished talent.,how could he stand tip and justify and defend,
in the face of the country, the measures of his Government. It
ass, in feet, imposing a limit upon the authority of the Crown,
that note but men of talent would be selected for the office, and,
therefore. gentlemen should take eare,in investigating the abuses of
the Court of Chancery, that they did not commit a greater abuse
than they wield remedy. It was not in respect to politics with
the Chancellor as it was with persons filling other judicial situations;
sod the consequence of those abstract reasonings in which some
Gentlemen were disposed to indulge, and of those speculative am-
ends, at which they wished to arrive. Such, fur instance, that
no man should study or think of any pursuit, except that in which
he was more immediately employed. The result of such wean-
nee would be, the destruction, not of the office of Lord High ,
Cbansellor alone, but also the destruction and the stunting of the
rice of men who would gam up fit for it. He speed generally in
the object of the ISMITheII /dauber. Ile made exceptions to some
put/cubit objects. (The Right lion. (lentlanan sat down amidst
loud cheers.)
Mr. BROUGHAM said, in respect to the Commissioners for
inspecting and inquiries into the abuses of the law Courts, he did
net What totave them joined with the others, his object was to ob-
tain a acreage commission at the same time.
Mr. It ILLIA MS, 110 reply, as the House that he had not
nomad have any other in view except the correction of abuses.
After the epeethin made by his 3lejenty's Ministers, and the eel-
dem Geller of the House, it would be neither civil or decorous in
bun to pad; his measure any farther. No object could be imputed
to him in the course At adopted, but the calling the attention
of the Home and country to great and intolerable grievances.
With rehired to the elements of the Commission, to use an espies_
nom borrowed from the Right Honourable Secretary of State. He
en uld not say be was sunpecume; *wafter the kind manner in which
hr had been reseed, it would not be fait: but he would say, he
was most apowhensive that the inquiry would utterly fail as to
the purposes for which it was intended. If it was composed ezelu-
sorely of lawyers it would most venally fail, for If soy aliffieuwtes
arose *MA elletet lielltraggleelt -mid W- le- lire asked
amonra Ms May's subjeas WSW the least competent to remove
the difficulty, would reply there were none less so than kepi
practitioners. The are would be still worse if these persons wag
selected by the Noble letsd at the head of the law, or by his Ma-
jesty's Govemment ; and In this his assertion he was confirmed and;
borne out by precedent. Wit not the House aware of the event
that took place in the reign of James the First, when the House
obtained permission to form a Commirtion of Inquiry ; when the
King saw that Inquiry should take place, he sent a message to the
Pause to say that he would himself appoint a Commireion of
inetiry ; but Mr E. Coke and the other alembers, who were deter-
need on making insuiry,sent bac» their acknowledgments for the
recious message, and that they would continue the inquiry thaw.
elves. They well knew the object of the monarch was to stifle all
Inquiry whwever. lawyers were the last men, he would repeat it,
whit ought ti be on the Commintion; and, if therewas a class otmen
who more than pother was attached to mere form, and who were
et from habits of life to confound forms with substance, and
to es their eyes closed upon objects of general importance and
rlityed
. m ,it was that professem to which he believe! there were,
an they all knew, two laws, in which Sir S. Hominy endeavoured to
remove from the statute-book two most disgraceful and absurd
iistinetions which affected the life of man. (Inc of these laws
made a particuler kind of theft a capital felony when committed on
the water, but it was an offence of a different and much higher
sler.ominatlon when committed on land. In these measures that
tenon—than whom never was one better adapted to the tea—
ls's opposed ; and, he regretted to say it, his chief anti
eminent opponents were the Judges of the land. It was with
difficulty be could mark out any ground for this opposition.
Re WAS led to believe, that when persons acquire knowledge
with toil and difficchy, they think they cannot &Rind to share
it with others. Ile would at present be satisfied with the Coen-
minion ; but if redrew was not given, if the abuses were not
looked into, he would venture to predict that the country would
come to the dismission with tenfold, nays hundredfold anxiety and
impatience, at that period when the present motion would be re-
newed, as it most certainly would. It was, at all events, a satis-
faction that the necessity of inquiry was now admitted. Those who
remembered the last discussion must remember the great difference
between the language of al to on that occasion and at present.
They were then full of the moat unceasing eulogies on the smtem • ---semem--
• ;
of the Court of Chancery ; but the Secretary of State for the Horne , Sunday's French Papers, and the node of Monday,
Department admits the necessity of the inquiry at present, and says
'
It cannot bc denied. With regard to that Right Hon. Gentleman, reached our office last night. The following details from
he must complain, that in what he called his answer, he made no the 21foniteur, and the French Evening Paper, will be
allusion whatever to the topics which he discussed. if it were a
read with interest. It appears the pirates of Algiers have
prof of facility to answer questions which were never put, the
eight lion. Gentleman certainly possessed this facility. As to armed their Corsairs in considerable force against the hap-
shot tell from the Secretary for Foreign Affairs, he thought the
ebonite from politic*, which was the boast of other judicial : less Spaniards, as if the latter were not already doomed to
chameters, would be equally creditable to the Chancellor. And as sufficient misery, and domestic slavery pressing quite hard
to the separation or ahem.elm% of Chancellor
slightest allusion to he did not make the . enough upon them, without the shackles of these barbs-
SUPPLY. I rians. We trust they will soon receive the chastisement
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved the first
they deserve. The French, in this instance, are bound to
reeding of the Bill for reducing the 4 per coma
Mr. HI/31E wished that the Right Honourable Gentleman ; act at once, and should unite their force to ours, to humble
would postpone it, as the questions connected with the debate of
lest night required much discussion and consideration. in the dust this nest of lawless pirates. The details in
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that the the Eloile respecting the (heels are most inspiriting. We
House was not precluded from any discussion by the first reading
thisin ,
Government could not stir- until look on the freedom of the gallant Christians as now
of this Bill, thebut
Dili was
passed.a step
I assured. The Porte, it appears, has cotnplained to Lord
After some words from 31r. BARING, 31r. CALCaAFT, and Sir'
J. NEWPORT. Strati:eon], in consequence of the sympathy and support
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved, that the Greece has met in this country. Illiat arc the complaint"
Speaker do fonhwith give notice, that the debt created by several .
• of the barbarous Divan to us ? We cannot stay the course
Acta, bearing al. per cent_ per ann. be redeemed and paid off.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved that the of events, or arrest the ruin now impending over the
resolutino respecting the Austrian Loan Act be agreed to. ' dynasty of the Infidel.
dlr, iii7ME wished to know something respecting the loan of;
3,006,11011. lent to Russia, and which might be characterised as the I IFrom the .11fesiresr, Feb. 22.1
worst Loan that was ever contracted, being lent to that country to ! GENOA. FRB. 11.
homed spins( us, and he theught that this country had better pay I The Council of his Majesty, the King of the Netherlands, re_
at once, than be sadd
tbe with the interest of it. siding at alarseillee, has written a letter, dated the 6th, to his col.
Money led
Toe UM Nc tet,re GE of the EXCHEQUER would be candid' league, M. G. Dodero, Counn.-1 of the Netherlands, at kenos, in-
menet to state to the Honourable Gen"leman that not being aware' forming him that according to the decimation of the Captain of the
this question, he mew Doi hirwiih him with any
direct inerrina. Polar Star, which sailed from Algiers on the 14th of January, and
ion on the subject. arrived at 31arseilles on the Stn of Febnuiry, in the evening,
Sir, BARING stated that the money advanced to Russia was " there had sailed from the Pon of Algiers, a few days before his
"nme dM in the reanimation of Poland. departure, a corvette, a polame, and a schooner, with war flags,
:tir• HUME stated, that he was not prepared to „ to that which, as the whole city knew, was to attack all Spanish veiled&
Von of the resolution which went to give a per cent- to the con- This event hail caused a great sensation in Algiers.
tractors who hail Advanced the money few the stock, on the pay-
PARIS, FEB. 21.
ment of the 2,500,101011. from Austria to this country, and he was Different telegraphic despatches announce that the flermione
'karats of knowing how it happened that to large a discount had reknit.. ('apt. Ihibitinum, arrived at Toulon on the 20th, for Cadiz,
been given when toe Chancellor of the Eechequer admitted that the Salamander, corvette, Capt. Gutridpre, on the 111th, from the
'mom could be procuret at 31 per cent. Levant, last front Tunis. and the same day, the Maria Theresa,
,
dir. HERR, ES explained - that the Treasinm had no option in Capt. Ilazoche of 24 guns, on which Rear-Admiral Rotssunel has
"toting this bargain with the Gentlemen who offered it, further hoisted his flag, and La Jaime brig, Lieut. Parseval, sailed from
than m noreinn., or rejecting their terms, they having etispeli mos Toulon, for the Southern I lemisphere.
nr Amain abet., which they were to pay to this country by instal- I Front the Etuik, dated 31onday.1
hm*. and they agreed to pay it down immediately on receiving a AITSRITROII, Fen. 17.
(exeunt of 3 per cent. Our Universe: Gazette contains a very long letter, written from
dlr. HUME sad that he was not satisfied with the explansition Constantinople, Jan. )6, by a European, who has undertaken to
efiladed by the Honourable Gentleman: at all events it went con- draw a picture of the last campaign, and to explain the causes of'
inderably to weaken the panegyric be towed last night on the Em- the principle events. We remark the following passages in this
LIT', of Austria, as it wear appeared the agreement was made with very diffuse letter :
Tian Reid, Irvin Mena. Baring and Mr. Rothschild, by " The Turks are so ill acquainted with the enemies they have
"In" the money wasg'advaneed, to combat, that the Divan, and erep the Sultan, thinks it is stiffi-
31r. BARING stated, that if ld look to the dent to give rigorous orders every
any person WM week to the Dachas employed

A LIST OP THE MINORITY

O( Eight, who voted far Mr. Ilume's Amendment. for the reduc-
tion of the regular Anny from 73,000 to ti 3,000 31en.
Denman, Thanes Ingilby, lair W. 11-hitbread, W. H.
llobhouse; J. C. Rumen, W. Wood, Matthew.
Johnston., R. A. Tennyson, Charlet
T Hon 11. II Bennet and Joseph Hume.

" PRICES OF FOREIGN
Austrian Scrip, 10 gis pr.
Ditto for Aect. fla pr.
Ditto paid in full
Chi Han Bonds, 801 80
Ditto for Account 801
Colombian Bonds, 6
Do. for Account. 67} 8 6
Danish Bonds, 983
Ditto Marks Banco,
Mex. Scrip, fl a 6 114 ni pm.
NDo. for Accounead s, 6,1 461 pm.
espolitas B
Ditto for Account INfaa
Portuguese Bonds
Ditto Scrip,
Prussian Bonds, 96 3}
Ditto for the Account
Ditto Bonds (1829), 9I

STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Russian Bonds, 04} 4
Ditto for Acct. 944 4
Russian Inscription
Exchange per ruble
Spanish 3 per Ct. ('one. 244
Ditto for Account 24
Ditto 1;0 & 255 Bonds,
Ditto 82 ditto
Ditto 5 per Centt. (1823) 191
;Roo for Acct.
Aegis Mex. Minas 74 pin.
Fr. Renter, WE Sec. 75c. &oc.
Do. Scrip, 11 pm.
Do. Ex. 25f. 50c.
Greek Scrip, 31 21 04
It I pr.
Peruvian /Scrip 78

COURSE OF EXCHANGE YESTERDAY.
Amsterdam C. F. 12 2 Leghorn . . 46
Ditto, at sight - 11 19 Genoa . 431
Rotterdam - 12 3 Venice . - 27
Antwerp . . 12 4 31.11ta •
Hamburgh - 37 A Naples .
Alton' . . 37 6 Palermo
Paris, 3 days sight 93 60 Lisbon
Ditto . 23 Oil t►porto
Bourdeaux 23 110 Rao Janeiro
Berlin - 7 10 Bahia
Frankfort-on-the-Main 1.53 Dublin
Pctersburgh 1► Cork
Vienna . 10 10
Trieste - • 1010
Madrid
Cadiz .
Bllboa
Barcelona
Seville
Gibraltar -

BULLION.

SU
1151
Al.
Sl.
49

L... d.
Portugal Gold in coin 0 0 0
Foreign liolil in bars 3 17 fi
New Doubloons 0 0 0
New Dollars 0 4 91
Silver in ban 0 4 11

ST. MATT It I AS.—Yewtrilay was a Holiday at the Public Offices.

One French Mail arrived.

reut. zritiou atirtlso.

The Bamstt PaEss commenced publishing yesterday morning
at six o'clock.

LONDON. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1821.
