THE BRITISH PRESS.

must say, that e• far from expressing any satisfaction, on the eon.
trary. he felt the greatest alarm, which had been increased by the
opinion given by the Noble Lord, that the operation of the Corn
haws was the cause of the present state of distress of the greatest
part of the population. His Noble Friend must excuse him if he
said" that he was desirous that the subject should be gone into with-
out exciting the passions and feelings of the country. It aught to
be approached wash great delicacy, and any attempt at outrageous
opposition by Inflammation and clamour ought to be deprecated.
He would say, that looking to the average price of corn for the last
three years, hs could not bring himself to think that the price of
corn had any thing to do with the ealsmitous state of the country.
By expressing that opinion, however, he did not mead to say that
the Corn Lowe did not requite some revision. He must repeat
that the subject must be approached with the greatest caution, for
the greatest evil would be tir put it in • state of fluctuation. But as
to the clamour which bad arisen on the subject of the Corn Laws,
be must say they had been excited by the Noble Lord opposite,
for there never was • more improper or ill-advised opinion than
that expressed by him last Session, that they should be taken into
consideration in the present. All the excitement arose from the
Noble Lord having made that statement. He (Lord Grey) thought
there was a strong reason for not discussing them now. (Hear.)
Ile thought the present state of the country was a sufficient objec-
tion, but there was another which arose out of the question of the
currency, for if • protecting duty was necessary, they ought to
know what was the value of the currency in which that duty was to
be paid. The evil had been aggravated by the Noble Lord not
having done what he had promised ; he had aggravated all that had
taken place, anti occasioned the clamour that had arisen, without
knowing what would have been *lnconsequence, of the state of the
country by that alteration. He agreed with his Noble Friend
on the Woolsack, and his Noble Friend near him, that the mea-
sure would have no other effect than to occasion alarm. What was
the Noble Lord's proposition? He said that the present distress
has nothing to do with the Corn Laws, and yet he proposes, virtu-
ally, their alteration as 'his measure of relief. How was It a mea-
sure of relief ? Why, by first introducing bonded corn, and then fo-
reign corn at a certain du. IVhst was this, then, but proposing
that relief should be affitrded by reducing the price of corn, and
that his Majeaty's Ministers consider that the principal cause of
distress ? Why was it necessary to reduce the price of corn, but
that they suffered front high prime ? W'hat would be the state of
the agriculturists ? would they not see that the Government were
immediately reducing the price of corn, not only in that part of the
country which laboured under distress, but generally? What effect,
therefore, could that have but to, aggravate the alarm among that
bodr? With respect to the second meseure, that of enabling
the King in Council to admit foreign corn under certain cirenni-
stances, he considered that it could not be introduced without
inquiry. It was necessary to inquire what was the nature of the
measure. He (Lord (irey) supposed it was a measure of imme.
diate relief, but the Noble Lord (Liverpool) said no, it was •
measure intended to prevent corn (from reaching a famine price.
Ile would ask what reason there was to apprehend such to be the
case—why there was a prospect of a famine price this year more
than last ? The relief ought to be general, and not of a temporary
nature; and that only could essentially benefit the country. With
respect to the measure, he could nut approve of it ; it was calculated
to create alarm among the only sound state of the population, and
to limit, and indeed destroy, the only market at present open. Is
conclusion he must observe, that the state of the country was such
that Parliament must probe It to the very foundation, and settle
it in such a way as should place the country in a state of security ;
anti he must say, to dissolve Parliament until that was done,
would be a high dereliction of duty. He must say, that he was
a friend to a metallic currency; but seeing what he had seen,
though Parliament had been led to approve that desirable measure,
still he must express his doubts as to the possibility tifdoing it.
The public creditor must be protected, however great the sacrifice
might be. The more be (Lord Grey) saw of the state of the
country, the more he was persuaded, that, unless the question
was most fully gone into—unless an inquiry into all the evils
took place, and unless a remedy was applied proportionate to
the magnitude of it, distress would from time to time come on, ag-
gravated by each successive disaster, from which he hoped they
might recover hereafter, but which the present generation could
not get through without a great degree of suffering and sor-
row. It was necessary to satisfy the people that Parliament were
willing to relieve them from all their burdens, and to carry
the measure of relief into full effect. If such was not the case,
the consequence would be such an overwhelming ruin as he (Earl
Grey) did not wish to contemplate. Ile hoped that if his Majesty's
Ministers should be willing to desert their duty, their Lord.
ships would not forget theirs, but that they would cause an inquiry
to be instituted, anti that they would not separate until they had
ahewn that there were no means they were not ready to adopt for
obtaining the happiness of the people and the security of the empire.
Lord CA LTHORPE explsined.
Earl BATIIURST said, that in his view the question was being
argued prematurely. There could be but one common feeling as
to the existence of the distress, and the necessity there was for giv-
ing relief. He considered that public relief would open the door
from time to time to • great national evil. With respect to
the question of the currency, which had been alluded to by the
Noble Lord (Grey), who expressed his doubts on the subject, he
very much wondered that the Noble Lord had not expressed them
ennl_the present period, other opportunities having occurred when
that question would have been better introduced. With respect to
the proposition that his Noble Friend (Lord Liverpool) bad stated
that the high ;vice of corn was the cause of the distiess, he had
never done so, but had stated the ground to be that of over trading,
and front the markets having become overstocked. With respect
to the measure of precautions it was Intended to prevent corn reach.
ing a famine price. The question was, what might be considered
a famine price ? H. (Lord Bathurst) would say that 110.. would be a
famine price; hut in less it did rise above that, not a quarter of
bonded corn could come out. The manufacturing classes labour.
ing under distress would know there was an immense quantity of
bonded corn in the country,and yet it must remain there and perish.
Last year it was found that there was some corn in bond previous
to the last Act, which must come out at 70, but that none of the
remainder could be released under 80, and therefore it was that
the measure was proposed. With respect to theother precautionary
measure, that the King in Council should be allowed to open the
ports, it was what he conceived every body would wish.
Lord ROSSLYN supported the proposition of the Noble Mar-
quill, and said that it mattered little what was the price of corn if
the manufacturing labourer had no wages to receive.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL begged to say a few words, and as-
sured the House he had no wish to re-argue the question. He
wished to state, that from the beginning he had held that the pre-
sent distress had nothing to do with the Corn Laws. He corgi-
dried that the proposition of the Noble Marquis was one that no.
thing could juistify' and that a voluntary subscription would be far
more favourable. He would ahortly revert to the Corn Laws ; and
he would say, that they had seen the price of corn gradually rising
for some weeks past, anti if it continued it would operate as a great
aggravation of the present dimes'. It was true that there were
those who had no work, but there were also those who had work at
small prices, and to them low prices were of the greatest conse-
quence. The measure of enabling the King in Council to open
the ports was proposed as a precautionary measure; which was par.
ticularly necessary at a moment like the present, when it was the
duty of the Government to propose, and Parliament to adopt, mea-
sum to prevent corn from rising to that price which would aggra-
vate the difficulties of the reople in a tenfold degree.
Lord LIM ERICK observed that in Ireland corn was at 451.,
while in England it wee at Gls.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH said, that he should not detain
their Lordships, but lie was anxious to express his opinion of the
measuroi proposed by Government. It appeared, front the account
of the Noble E irl (Liverpool) on a hornier occasion, that the pre-
sent Session was not the proper time to consider the question, and
that the present moment was worse. But he would ask, what had
he done ? Ile had asked their Lon:ships at that moment to pees •
Bill making the alteration, and that without inquiry. His Majes-
ty's Ministers were endeavouring to obtain surreptitiously that
which they could not ask for openly, and in which, if' it was so
asked for, :he House would not concur. It vegan alteration which,
if it once lineal the House, would become the law, and therefore it
was shut tee wished Noble lairds to be upon their guard, not to
agree to a temporising measure which would become permanent,
and dust under the cover of alleviating the Mattes's of the moment.
Earl DARNLEY said he was of opinion she the best means of
relieving the present distress would be by • grant of public money.
The petition was then laid on the table.

PROMISSORY NOTES BILL.
Lord LIVERPOOL deferred tilt consideration of the amend-
ments on the Promissory Notes Bill until Friday next.
Adjourned at Eight o'Clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, kIoxDAY, 11Lty 1.
Mr. SYKES prertenjed a petition in favour of the County Dis-
trict Election Bill, fiord certain freeholders in the city of York.
Mr. FRENCH presented a petition from the Raman Catholics
of the county of Itoncummort, praying for Catholic Emancipation.
Mr. S. %WORTLEY presented a petition Irons llarrowgate, in
Yorkshire, .point slavery in the Colonies.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition from the inhabitants of Cog.
glet.hall, in favour of the Debtor and Creditor Arrangement Bill,
and a similar one from the traders and merchants of the city of
hondon.

The lion. Member then postponed the second reading of the
Debtor and Credits, Arrangement Hill until te.itiorrow.
Alr. IIUME presented a petition from James Hull, of Taber.
nacle.square, praying that the House might order an inquiry to be
Instituted into the present system of granting licenses.
COHN LAWS.
Air. Secretary CANNING ruse, for the purpose of giving notice
of a motion far to-morrow with respect to bonded corn, but from
the noise in the body of the House, it was for some time impossible
to catch more than an occasional word. When the noise had in
some measure subsided, he said that in the immediate neighbour-
hood where the greater portion of the foreign corn was bonded, the
greatest distress existed (hear, hear): but according to the present
lawa, that corn could not be brought in. lie was of opinion that
the present was not a convenient time to agitate the question of the
Corn Laws, but if ever there could arise a strong exception to a
general rule, he thought it had arisen in the present instance.
(Hear, hear.) lie was O opinion that a measure might be resort-
ed to, withinit at all prejudicing any future discussion that might
have the effect of remedying the deplorable evils prevalent in the
matiufacturirg districts, resulting in some measure from the high
price of corn. The quantity of foreign corn in bond in the king.
door was about, including Hour. 315.000 quarters. lie was aware
that throwing this quantity spun the market would be productive
of very trifling effect, but still it would do sway with that strange
anomaly, that such dreadful sufferings should be permitted to exist
in the serf uevghbourhood ot'such s quantity of corn. (Hear, hear.)
The very co.exudence of such a state of things was most desirable

to be abolished. (Hear, hear.) Under these circumstances, his
Majesty's Government had resolved to do that which was to them
most inconvenient and most undesirable, but which, notwithatand
ing,they felt to be a bounden duty upon them. They had determined
to apply to Parliament to place with them a discretional power to
admit generally or partially, during the recess, the corn which was
in bond. In submitting this measure to the House, they believed
that it would be free from all the theoretical objections which might
be involved in the general question. It might be advisable that its
admission should be accompanied by the imposition of a duty, and
the duty he would propose would be 12s. per quarter. That corn
which was In bond had a claim to be admitted into consumption in
the first Instance, but after that was consumed, they wished that
power should be given them to admit foreign corn if it was found
to be necessary. The Right ilon. Gentleman, after some further
observations, which were quite inaudible, concluded by giving
notice, that to-morrow he should move for an alteration in the Act
of the 31 George IV., cap 113; premising, hoisever, that he had
no Intention of meddling with that Act further than he had already
Intimated.
Mr. TIERNEY said a few words, which, from the noise in the
gallery, we could not collect.
Mr. PHILLIPS said, that he thought that much of the distress
arose from over-speculation. Cotton had got to an unnatural price
in consequence. He had formed that opinion from the reasonable.
netts of the thing. rather than from any positive information he had
acquired on the subject. In a conversation which he had subse-
quently with a very eminent manufacturer, he ascertained that his
opinion was precisely the same as that which he (Mr, Phillips)
entertained on the subject. The operative manufacturers were out
of employ, though the manufacturers were very willing to enter
into specAtions with foreign powers, but they could get no return.
The exchanges were against them, and they could not have any
remittances trout those places to which they were accustomed to
export their goods, except at a great loss. He thought the Corn
Laws ought to be discussed, and he felt convinced that nothing
could tend more effectually to remove the alarming distress which
pervaded the manufacturing districts, than to settle and dispose of
that important question.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said, he wished to say a few words,
lest the Honourable Member should have mistaken what he bad
said on the *abject of the Corn Laws. The measure which he had
given notice of bringing under the consideration of the House was
not intended by any means to renew die subject of the Corn Lam ;
In fact, the lamentable circumstances which called for that measure
rendered the country unfit for a cool and dispassionate discussion of
that question. He proposed it merely as a measure of temporary
relief.
Mr. PHILLIPS said, that any reduction in the price of corn
would rat be so efficient to remove the distress as any measure
which could procure employment for the manufacturers. Hs
thought the importation of foreign corn would be a very great
means of alleviating the distress which so unfortunately prevailed
to such an alarming extent.
Mr. ELLICE said that he felt so strongly the calamity which had
come on the working classes, that he thought the present state of
things should not be allowed to exist a single hour. Ile had himself
come to the House with a determination to ask Government if they
had any intention to propose any measure of relief for those dis-
tresses; and if he ascertained that Government had no such in-
tention, he was himself determined to make a motion to inquire
into the state of the country. As Ministers had, however, taken up
the question, he would inquire if it was their Intention to propose
any other measure besides that which the Right lion. Gentleman
had suggested to remove the distress which prevailed in Lance-
shire? He applied to the Government, because, from their superior
means of information, they must be convinced of the necessity of
adopting some measure to remedy the evils which existed. He
trusted that no time would be lost in affording some relief for those
evils.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said It was not his intention to provoke
discussion on the subject at that time. What he had to propose
would come under the view of the House to-morrow. In the pre-
sent instance lie merely intimated to the House his intention of
proposing such a measure to their consideration.
Mr. ELLICE said, that under those circumstances he would re-
serve any further observations until the subject came before the
House to-morrow. _ . _

Mr. WODEIIOUSE deprecated the situation of the country,
and thought, that u no question was before the House, it was
premature to enter into any discussion.
Mr. See. CANNING said he should regret that any thing should
transpire within the walls of that House which. should convey an
impression, that In so critical a state of things theyhad set nut with
any appearance of disunion. It would be very prejudicial to the
interests of those whom they all wished to relieve, that such en idea
should get sliost.
Mr. WODEIIOI.7SE said that he fully appreciated those inten-
tions on the pert of Government ; they had his most cordial sup.
port. But when they were told that Members of that House were
deficient in feelings of honour (Cries of Order), and when the
Noble Lord, the slember for Yorkshire--(Renewed cries of Order.)
Mr. TIERNEY rose to order. The Honourable Member, he
said, was adverting to subjects which were not before the House;
and he conceived, by the line of observation in which he was in.
dulging, was out of order.
Mr. WODEHOGSE did not persevere in any further observa-
tions.
_ _

Mr. JAMES said, It was disgraceful that the free labourers of
England should be reduced to the state of misery lb which they
then were. That distress arose from want of employment, and not
from want of corn. It was no use to give them corn when they had
not the means of purchasing bread. Ministers should give up their
salaries to mitigate the miseries of the people. (Hear, hear.) In
such a state of distress, ft would have been more considerate to ap.
ply the ptiblic money to the relief of those distressed manufacturers
than to expend nine thousand pounds in the purchase of three pic-
tures for the National Gallery. (Hear, hear.) He had heard of
an unfortunate woman who had stolen a leg of mutton from a but.
cher'e shop, who had been followed to her house, and was found
distributing the meat without being dressed among her children.
Another case as lamentable was related of a poor woman in a state
of pregnancy ; and the state of distress was so great, that the people
lay down in some instances to be trampled under the horses feet,
preferring to be ilestroiied in that manner rather than to die of star.
vation. Ile bad no knowledge of those facts himself, but from the
statements which anpeaied in the newspapers. (Hear, hear.) He
did not rise for the 'merriment of Honourable Members In that
House. They might hear the few observations he had to make
with patience. Ile could assure them it was the last time he would
trouble them. Ile would not sit again in that /loose while affairs
were conducted In the manner they were. He would not retain a
seat in that House if he was to receive a thousand a-year fur that
compliance.
Mr. H. SUMNER here rose, 'Ste believe, to request a hearing
for the Hondurable Member.

Mr. JAMES continued.—He did not know that he had muck
more in say on the question. Ile would be glad to know why the
saints did not come forward to ameliorate the condition of those
wretched people. If they were black people, they would soon have
come forward. If such was the case, the table of the liouse would
have been covered with petitions. If those people had sent down
to the distressed districts the money which they had so uselessly and
fruitlessly (he was satisfied it would turn out to be) expended in
ge:ting up those numerous petitions, it would have contributed to
remove those scene.' of distress which were to be seen at Black.
burn. The Ministry, too, would have acted well to have given up
part of the extravagant estimates of the present session for that
purpose ; but it was a very strange mode of relief, that when the
people asked for bread they gave thetas bayonets. Such relief as
that he mad not understand. Ile, however, hoped that even at
that period of the session those extravagant estimates might be
reduced.

Ale. T. WILSON said he thought the measure which was pro-
posed would fall short of the object which it was intended to effect ;
and he felt assurer!, if no other measures were devised for the relief
of those poor people, they would find the present inefficient for the
purpose designed. A meeting of the citizens sof .bondon would take
place to-morrow, for the purpose of raising funds to meet the dis-
tresses of the people. They had been beforehand with Govern-
ment in their efforts to remove those evils which pressed upon the
!Abend/1g classes. He hoped that the Government would come
forward effectually, and make up whatever might remain deficient
to relieve thpse people, after the subscription of the citizens should
be carried into effect.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he hoped
the citizens of London would conic forward with that spirit and
alacrity which they had at all time. evinced, to mitigate the
miseries of their fellow-creatures. Ile hoped their ardour in the
cause of humanity
.pould not be damned by anything wnich had
fallen from the llongurable Member for London (Mr. T. Wilson).
It was,a question beset by great difficulties (hear, hear), and should
therefore be looked at with coultu.ss ; but what he should most
deprecate would beordiat anything altould occur within the walk of
Parliament to damp the exertieemof those who were possessed of
the means to alleviate the distresses which unhappilpoOffird. He,
would regret that anything in that House might mph% those"
feclinge of commiseration, or check the exercise of that humanity.
which It was the duty and inclination of every Englishman to
perform.

Secretary PEEL said, no one more sincerely deprecated the
distresses in Lancashire than he did, yet the duties of the situation
be held imposed a necessity of repressinz insubordination. He
would deprecate the interference of Parliament. He would state one
reason why he would regret that interference: it wits because it
was calculated to loosen the bonds which bound the lower to the
higher classes ; those who possessed a superfluity of wealth would
come forward to lessen the distress of the poor. lie hoped the
meeting which was to take place to-morrow would effect much to-
wards removing the distress : a great deal had been done by indi-
viduals, and donations had been bestowed ; it was a subject which
went to the feelings of every man, and he felt assured every effort
would be made to remove those distresses.
Sir JOHN WhOTTESLEY said he was anxious to express
his satisfaction at the efforts which were being made to remove the
distresses which prevailed. lie was sure the wealthy would come
forward to remove the distress which prevailed. On a former oeca.
sion, when great distress pervaded the county which he had the
honour to represent (Staffordshire), the gentlemen of that county
came forward to alleviate that distress; they entered into subscrip-
tions, and collected money for the relied the people: a committee
was, at the same time, formed in London, to assist the gentlemen
of Staffordshire, which was conducted by a gentleman, to whose
disposition to benefit his species it watt unnecessary for him to
advert, and which was well known to the House end to the
country—he meant Mr. Wilberforce. The funds which were
ratted in the county would, however, have been Insufficient to
effect the object, had it not been for the co-operation of the coin-
mittee in London. The distress produced Insubordination, and
he was himself called out to repress the tumults which took place.
The commiseration which was evinced by the gentry to remove the
miseries of the people, however, produced a degree of sympathy

which had the most salutary effects. The people were grateful foe
what had been done Mr them, and the good effects of the ftelie
which had been than brought into soden veers kid observable in the
conduct of the poorer classes of that county, than whom there were
not a more correct and better-conducted elassof persons in England,
If a similar plan was now adopted, and the citizens of London to
operated, there could sot be a doubt but that effects similarto
those which had been produced In Stafforisitire would now be
effected in Lancashire.
Mr. JOHN SMITH hoped the meeting to-morrow would be
well attended, and that the gentry and nobility would not neglect
to give their support to the laudable efforts which were being matte
to remove the distress rat the manufacturer,.
Mr. CURTEIS said, the distress in the agricultural counties of
the South wee equally great with that which prevailed in the ma,,
nufacturing districts. lie felt grateful to Alinisters for the
courteous manner In which his applications relative to those die.
tresses had been received; the Gentlemen opposite knew to what he
alluded.
Mr. Secretary CANNING begged to disclaim any intention of
insidiously proposing the present partial measure of relief to prejtb,
dice the greater question ; he would not, under cover of that measure,
interfere with the other. with which it had, to a certain degree, at.
finity ; and he expected from the Hon. Member who had joined.
dressed the House, that he would not bring forward any other sub.
jest which was not connected with the present measure.
Mr. CURTEIS replied in the negative ;
And after • few words from 31r.-ROBERTSON, the import of
which we could not collect.
51r. Secretary CANNING gave notice, that he would move to.
morrow for a Committee of the whole House, to consolidate the Act
of 3 Geo, IV.. cap. 60.
YORKSHIRE ELECTION BILL.
On the modem of Mr. HUME, the Yorkshire Election Bill was
readi second time.
EAST INDIA IVRI7'ERS' BILL.
Mr. HERRIES brought up the Report of the East India
Writers' Bi.l ; the amendments were agreed to, anti it was then
ordered to be read a third time •

to-morrow.
CONSOLIDATED FUND BILL
The Consolidated Fund Hill wise read a third time, and passed.
EAST INDIA NAVAL FORCE 811.1..
The Report of the East India Naval Force Bill was brought up,
and ordered to be read a third time on Frick, next.
ALIEN REGISTRATION BILL.
The Registration of Aliens Bill was read a second time, and or.
dual to be committed to.retormw. _ _

CHURCH RATES (IRELAND) BILL.
The Churchj Rates (Ireland) Bill was read a titled time, and
passed.
WESTMINSTER IMPROVEMENT BILL.
On the Report of the Westminster Improvement Transfer all
being brought up,
Mr. TIERNEY said he would propose to introduce a clans:
into the Bill, to which he hoped no objection would be taken
That in all cases, where two-thirds of the inhabitants ot a street
were agreed to have it Macadamised, the remaining part should be
compelled to assent to that proposition, after application in writing
had been made to that effect to the Committee of Carriage-ways.
Mr. ARBUTH NOT expressed his thanks to the Honourable
Member for the clause he had proposed.
Lord LOWTHER said that a person had offered to contract
for Westminster Bridge for less than it cost to keep it at present in
repair—he understood for 2001. per year.
Mr. H. SUMNER said he believed the Noble Lord was mtg.
taken in the amount ; the salary tor Mr. .31*Adam wan 3001., and
not 2001. per year.
Mr. CHOKER disapproved entirely of the plan of Macadamizing
on the Kensington-road. Ile had observed that in three week,
after the road was formed on that plan it was broken up in several
parts. He thought the plan could not answer, it was so liable to
get out of repair, from the nature of its construction ; a smooth
light surface being formed without any substratum, as if it was
intended for a garden or pleasure-grounds. He had taken a
Member of the House with him, to whom he had pointed out
the defect. He thought no road could be good which would re.
quire such constant repair, and which would consequently be at.
tended with great expense.
Mr. J. MARTIN wished, as we understood, that Exeter
'Change should he taken down.
Mr. ARBUTHNOT said that a clause to that effect had been
introduced into the Charing. cross Improvement Bill. The plan
for widening the Strand had given general and great satisfastion.
Sir T. WILSON complained of the inconvenience whirl pas.
sengers experienced, in consequence of the rapid rate at which
gentlemen's equipages were driven through the streets, which
often endangered their lives. He would suggest that broad
crossings should be constructed to remedy that inconvenience.
The Bill *as then ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.
Mr. lIROUDEN brought up the Report of the Pris,m Laws
(Ireland) Bill. The Bill was then read a second time, with the
amendments, and ordered to be read a third time on Friday next.
The Report of the Shire Halls Bill was brought up. The Bill
was read a second time, and ordered to be read a third time to-mor.
row, and then engrossed.
The Middlesex Turnpike Trust Bill wss read a third time.
The Destruction of Houses (Inland) Bill was read a third time
and passed.
IRISH REVENUE.
Mr. M. FITZGERALD postponed his motion for papers re.
feting to the Revenue of Ireland to to-morrow.
Mr. T. COVRTENAY brought up the Report of the Select
Committee on the pools rates returns.
The Ow Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and the
House adjourned at half-past sic o'clock.
