I

r

PAL HAM/NV/:! XTELLIGENCE.

01'• iA)Iti)S, T 1 I:SDAY, F►:n. n.

~••• ....
be v•v ..1
•::11.11.
, At hnll

at.tt, 0:•
A ro(-4,-er nw. then sent to the ilot:ttewt Cotwwwww, to o'noire
:'..• • •:.• •.' ;hat !loam- h( Inw th: bar, to hear kis
Ft a few minute, the St.t..4l4Ert, fellowel Ity a rim.
r.,bte 'y ar.,..ttet! Itiomlf at tit' .r.
1b- t ' NCI:1,1,1)H. .hat read his Ilujesty's Srectit,
xititit w- 4 r

.1 ;1,, j,•.i 4t, anti (tt otl:rarrn,
" Pre rniii/Ilanded by him 3fo:jelty to eTprms to you his
;1114nty*, r...7ret, that. in consequence of inai.position, he is
rec,ntol meeting you in Parliament upon the present rim-
s',.r.

" •-• ficth a pecilior 4otti•fartion to hie 1111::jeaty to be
to congruntlete pin on the prospervus condition

t 'CS'

a .1 cotornerre are extending therntielvca both ct home

.:' 2-tiVitr ^tl-WIIC%III.IIOOt ever; branch of mom-

••••-•••• CI of the revenr. is sorh, as ord only to stinain
• ,•r• to prove dm unimpairistl prodUCIIITTIONI 0:. nor
•• 'n!•st is yet morc ;7-unifying to lik Maj. sty's firl-
'itigis) l l n• • a of ton.fort among the great body of his
Agtienlirr•• is tee:wt.-ring from the thIII'eSSIIM IllltiCT which it
and by the steady operation of natural causes, is gradu-
rllr the statism to which its importance entitles it,
oniong th.• Ti'g interests of the nation.
" 4t nn cin acv p i wl has there prevailed, thrrnmbotit all classes
'of tile ree.tou..ity in i !led a more ehietfitl spirit of order, or
more ds • stivantag:s -11, %leiter the lib:luting of
r'sovitlence, rojm.. . _

• !- u!ii,:!a krf flr 'woe time pv• b?- the %object of
Lir s•tlicitutle, there are ninny intlicatiorr of
v•r-4, . :•. I lour relitnt upon }'Mr conflated trifles-
•••••...,• 'fare otol itarntiness of that part of the I.!hi:ed

• 11j, !,:re cnn1:11:1,110.1 lig farthor to itlitMlTl yeti, that
Ile fews every re:t.on to :whore that the r ::!••.1‘ of rntr internal p7o,
•pc.7.,y and po•••••r.,:1; •at b•.: di toth•Al by a•••.y interripti
bangs' Pit y

r c rzeive fan the Provers
and Kci.,,rtily front all I'linfC9 and "ties, assitrances of thcit
rune, maintain and cultivate the relati-ns of frier.dship
with hi. 31ajcs:y. and nothing is remittal oh his Aijesty's part, as
well to preserve general pear' as tn rrinnre any ft•INLII of disagree-
ond to draw closer the bonds of amity between other nations
and Grett rritain.

a,,",,
'The ingotifil ions wallet have b PeTI vn mrrietl on thromat
:lajPsty.% Alitlinssfult,r at f'enstantinople for the arrangement
if differences bctween linssia and the Ikttommi Porte are, as
Ilk Niale-ity flsttas himself, drawing near to a favourable ter-
rninati,”.

•` .1 C..crention has been conchided between hie Majesty and
the rovcror of Austria, fcr the pc:dement of the pecuniary claims
of dd., ceu•nry upon the Court of Vienna.
•' lila Majecty has directed that a Copy of thin Convention shall
be lid before you, and heretics on your assistance fur the execution
ru,nle of its prnt•iriorn.
_

Ai:sinusly as his Majesty deprecated the
th^ war In Spain, he is every day more satisfied that in the suits
n•utrslity which he determined to observe in that contest (and
whirl' you so cordially approved), hc best consulted the true inte-
rto. of Hs people.
_ . . . .

" With res icet to the provinces 14 America which have declared
their soporation font) Spain, his la.iosiy's conduct has been open
and consistent, and his opinions have been at all times frankly
ammo ed to Spain and to other rowero.
•• Ills Majesty has appointed Consols to reoidc at the principal
p.n.:, and places of those provinces, for the protection of the trade of
big subjects.
" As to iwilitlllher motions his Majesty has 'coerced to him.
iv•lf en unfettered discretion, to be eorrciiied as the circumstances of
the-c countrici trid the interests of his own peopki may appear to

y rr.

•• Codleuren r!,r J 1 r Hotter of COMMONS.
,• His Majesty directed us to inform von that the Enthrates
for the year are prepared, rid shall be forthwith laid before you.
The numerous points at which, under present circumstances,
hie Majesty's naval force is necesaatily distributed, and the oeea-
si•at which has arisen for strengthening his Garrisons in the West
have rendered unavo!dabie some augmentation of his Esti.
bli,hmen!s,l•r sea and land.

•• Ili% :Majesty has, bowever,lbe gratification of believing that,
notrithstanding the increase of expense incident to these augmen.
tailor's. it will still be in your power, after providing fut the ser-
vices of the year, to make arrangements in some parts of our system
of Thli(l7l which may afford relief to certain important brans-bead
the national industry.
Lill., mid Genf/emelt,

" II is 31:kirtty halt commended us to acquaint you, that he has
not boat inattentive to the desire czproseed by the fleas* of Pam.
trons in the last Session of Parliament. that means should be Je-
ss...et? rrr ameliorat;o,; the condition of the Negro Slaves in the
West

•• :Us Majesty has directed the necesaery information relating to
thus subject to be laid before you.

•' Ilajesty is confident that you will afford your best totem.
t; m and assistance to any proposition which may be submitted to
Me promoting the moral impnn•ement of the negrocs, by an
mortified plan Of retigimai instruction, and by such other measures
8,11,:tV •-rodcnlly roneltre to the Lame end.

h:.:;::tjcit) earnestly recommends to you testiest this whole
.c.lucct with thr r3IIIIIIeNA and diar:!ion which it drmanda.

ji is a •7,!- perplexed with difficuitiot, wlich no sudden
emit cm tii4cmutigic.

To esaggcrwed esreetstions in those who are the ob-
.•ctsof your botevoleace, would be as foal to their welfare as to
tl:s• of their employers.

• And his 3lajcsty assures himself you will bear in miml, that
m the corriciion of a long-standing and complicated system,
in which the fortunes and the safety of larg • classes of his Majesty's
subjer•s are involved, that cowmen(' procceilieg is alone likely to
attain prat:it'd good, and to avoid aggravation of evil, in which
hie regard shall be paid to conshltrations ofjustitc, and in which
t.itcann shall temper zeal."

At the ennelosion of Cie King's Spree+. the Speaker and the
I:ettth^ni of the !louse of Commons retired, and their Lordships
stl,tter::cd until lire o'clock.
!Lynn I; it um the new Lliftl f'hirfJustice of the Comm-
l'l,a., Tot% ii,m,ditcett by Istrds Stowell and Voleluster, and tank
the oaths and his seat. IlAwd 1t.a1•,. INa, the 31as/um of l'intlett's
rlee.t• sort, also bs•k the oaths and his sent. as did tite Earl of 1..er01.

The LA of 11.1VERPOW. moved the lint rending of the
le,t Vrnries Hill.

'I 1.• King's Speerlo vn. then read, first by the LOP I) CIL% N-
:i; , I,f 111. ;ma tort:lYarois by the trk the eehyloopion of which,
E 7.11. rooNe to mire the e Adolto,oss. The Noloe bo-ol
111::. m 14.1,ig ID nyroe an humble Atldy.-ot to his 31n-
_

:ostir their-Lordships the: he felt •ininve j 7 and rati,-
.lor.i.ci, ninth hr was convinced every Member rat the llom.;
would el:nre with him, In having heaol such a stvement of the
s:iairs of the country as his 31sinty had graciously corimoniriti vl
to them.-a starciiiint rot more gratifying than well fourth,' ;
for certain it rat that the crototry was irrovoring cuti-af her die%
olties. a•••I foist i.pproaching to promperity. .Imidst these ples,or:
retiectiotis ti:cr! irt' tree subject of deep rel:ret, which all th•- r
lair.lahips imist fed in coniman with him. thnt lya 311iji cy's
tico w veered hie.: from communicating to their lowilsh:tis in is 'T.
son the •-atifying information hi+ Spice% contained; and tlesir
I.arilships would more partitularly feel regret at his;.3llijoity's ab-
sence when they .reflected on the gracious expressitms used in cam.
rtiorinting the information. Such sentiments were every way he_
caning a I:ritish 3lennreh. it was now fit and proper for him to
endeavour to resat to their I•ordsltips' recollection the situation of
116 country but a +lle:t period since. flow Lon'; ago was it that
they were e.!gagril n bloody and tremendous conti•: with a new
RePablir, th • violence of whose inen+ures appalled all other cot.. n-
rind whielt naturally followed is the train of the grew and
sudden clilnws that were taking place in it. The principles
adopt +1 by th.,t Ite;."',lir enabled it to rail forth resource. that the
arbitrary iinvernntert that preceded it was unable to call cut. Thee
weer 3in a war oppone principles which threat:mini all
establishments. and wludt produced cor.fasion and desolation
throughout Europe. This state of thing's lasts' for a few years,
when the force and power of the Republic became centered in the
hands of ore man, which he wielded without remora. as to the con-
nequences it might Ore31,10:1. and with which hr threatened ail man-
kind. ()f !he war with this man it had been repeatedly urged in the
ilninte, that :hr very existence of tit.. country had been put at stake
L. it ; fur Napoleon, in assuming the sovereignty of I ranee, um.

e ' central: I in his cent per4at till the pavers of the Roman Em
' althceigh he was not like the first as to his character. Ily tie=
1 opramtion of this coffetry to thltamhitiottadmigns of the thee Ruler
of Frame. that men was dri,en from the throw. He would fa
peat, the principally through the etfons of this country Napokon
--
"tent was opened by Commiasion, his 3lejtaty's I, WA% drir.•l from the throne of France. It neloolitedir
smolt be
..ing• a ;
him
i I • it in rerson, thumb w. are ion- ; admitted. foe the fact svaxl on record, that In, aceomp ni ing that
, . ;ng aisle ••, •t ate, that !es Ileheet'Y's pelt-A:en tat- i peat and destraide„ object, England had *lmo.: gone beyond her
i natural powers. I alai hati grievously felt the results of the ntrug.
•a• dimes tO ! C inest fevotetable.
et two o'clock the Boyar l'omntis,benete. the Arils; pee they had been engaged in--poverty, dierms, Ines of trade, non..
N.i• it nuity, 11-,e Lon is C.. set r•. I' I:. t!..... I: el• of. t loldoyol••;)1 of nut m rail tirem anal all others who depended on their
se It, IIA kit!). rI, v, anal evi Al T•.....111•,t V, took their I Lamm fat tha ir aliely salmis:cure. In this state of things nearly
i every one in the country complained; and than the people groaned
under peace. and discontent was rrevalent among the lower order'.
Tins was die condition of the country a 'hot' time since. Now
a eat a 119mq:e'en:re the, taken place! 37anufactures were flou-
r:shing, anti de.. le alit of the comely had risen to an unprecetient.
eat tend unparallc led rendition. Our arricultere was now also re.
coveriater aid hr rats happy to feel a thorough approval of what
he hail heard in his 'Majesty a Speech on that point. It had been,
as was there traiy stated, gradually improving for a considerable
time; hit he was enabled tali state that it haul latterly rapidly
amended. 'Shia fact held out an encouragement to the landed in-
tact to regain and maintain their state in the country they had
formerly enjoyed. It hati been repeatelly said, that if the lanciyal
property changed hands the country would go on jilld AA well an it
did tat present ; but he could not believe that that would be the
rose. Commerce was essential to England at this period, and had
done much to raise her to the proud preeminence she mourned ;
tett stall the tendril was the greatest interest for the [louse to
look to lie was most happy th at the old fettalal inatitattions were
pot rid of ; but it was one dung to change them for another system
1 ~,.ntrie in attendance with the spirit of the thorn, anal a very dal-
it
1 ferret thing for the land itself to pas% mof the hands of its pre.
pro., ~onr. 1: we% not te be *spec-eel that the sante happi-
, ness and prosperity would contiaue amongst those ',creme who
were the-dent on fitselards for support, if new men were to come
!amongst them who did not feel that connection which now sub.
sjsted between landlords and tenants. There teas no interest what.
ever that deserved the consideration of the country more than the
Londe! interest, for none had used greater reertious in the perilous
Calife the country had been engaged in. Ile dial not mean to de-
precate the alarm of other interests--all had done much, and it
was right and necessary to support all ; but still none had done
more than tholes connected with the land. Tile noblemen and gen-
tlemen had acted in military capacities, and the yeomanry had
formed thanselven into corps; and even now, in peace, mn-
tinued their services for the preservation of internal tranquillity.
Ile trusted, after them exertions, that the landed interest would iv.
gain its influence in the country, which it ought always_ to,
retain. The [louse was indeed called upon to acknowledges
that the huvernnent had been condoned ..by wise. steady, anti'
patriotic measures. The spirit of order hail happily been one
result of the change that had been reperiented : instead of din-
conteat and poverty pervading the entire of the working
classes, industry and comfort were everywhere apparent. The
change that had happily taken plane was not confined to this
eettetry : Irelami wes much mendeal in her eituatioe anal tem-
eve lie had leen once in that country in his milieu,' enpaeity,
when feticiler regitneten were in existence, which gave him an em.
poteinity of pessessing intimmeion respecting her situatlam which
he should not otherwise have azqulred. Ile lambi have said more
on the subject of Felted ; but the Noble ViSCOUT.t, who, he be-
I:eyed, was to eccond the Address that he should hex, the honour
to move, having a great nuke in that country, could satisfy their
lordships hettcr on her state than he could do I heahnuld therefore
not touch further on Irish affairs than to observe' thit the measure
sol•mted lase year relating to the tithes had done good, and was es-
hulling good. Ili% Majesty's ffpeerh stated, dust there was :tide
reoluabtlity of any interruption to the tranquillity of the country
from foreign powers; and, as far as his information went, the state-
ment was correct. Another topic stated in the Speech, that was
highly gratifying iias, that the difference', between !tussle and the
Porte were It hcly to terminate. The convention with Austria skewed
the attention of the llovernmert in all directions, and Nein all
topics. The next subject that he' thought it right to touch upon
was tint of '4,:pain. Il'ith regard to that country, England had
preserved her neutrality, which was of vital importance ; when the
weakness of Spain was considered, it was inqsnanible to suppme,
if this country had aimed in a warfare to oppose the French
in their views on Spain that she would not have been a principal in
Ithe wan But Minister! carefully *avoided pledging themselves
with regard to that contest. They did not feel that the interests of
this country required their interference, and therefore they would '
not commit themselves. But if they had acted differently, be
would ksk their Lordships, Independent of plunging the country
into all the difficulties anal embamisaments of war, out of which she
wilts just enserging apd beginnine to feel the blessings of
where would have been the object ? Circumntance% had II ireolk!
that It was not agreeable to the people of Spain to here a
government, with A King at the had of It, purely desnocratie. He
die not mean to say that no republic could he good ; but this he
would toy, theta King without power was not likely to make a peo-
ple happy. I:ltra.istii never was right. If it originated in good
principles, it vitiated them, and there was nothing real to have gone
to war for ; it was only advocated by the professors of l'ltra-itm.
In the unhappy state in which Spain had been, and was in, God
only knew what would be the result; butt they had no rause to be
dineatisfied; on the contrary, they had good gmund for satisfaction.
The great misfortune of Spain, during her regular monarchy was,
that the nobility were disceurageti from residing on their estates i
the reverse of which obtained in this country, and formed the chief
connection between the higher and lower orders. With respect to
South America. he thought all nose be unanimous in ap
of the conduct of 3linlstrn. Tit' provinces had actually ,
from Spain, and every thing had been done for the protection of
commerce with reference to the tranraetion. He would put it to
Noble Lords 'revery thing het not been done to promote the com-
merce of the country among the Snenish provinces which had re-
cently declared di:nettles indepee'dent. Alteosigh an augmentation
of our land and sea forme had been deernetl necessary, still there
was a hope field out that sonic reduction of tabtation would take
, place, and sonic of the burdens he lightened. He now came to
the list point of the Speech, which alluded to the conduct this coon.
try ought to pursue towards the negro slava, in the West Indies:
it was a delicate subject, and he would cndesvour to handle it as
such. This I louse was not situated as the other House of Parlia-
ment, and therefore could pursue a atone different to that of the
other branch of the leitslesture. He could not avoid expresning
his satisfaction at that part of the Speech which referred to
the Negroes; beeeuse it held out an intention that every thing
should be done to ameliorate that state of slavery that every one
must lament, whether it was me-emery or not. It spoke with due
caution respecting the pmpa•rty of those connected with that sub-
ject, who, it must be recollected, were equally British subjects
with their Lordships. " His Ilejtety earnestly recommends you
to treat the whole of this subject with the calmness and the discre-
tion it demands." M'as not this the petite line that common sense
pointed out? And if so, the thanks of the House were peculiarly
due to his Majesty's Government, for recommending s course of
camcluct at once so well calculated to 'endure peace in the I ethnics.
Ile had now near! • done: he had only one observation to advance,
anal that he thought he was hound to offer. if the country had so
rapidly improve,f
froni a state of misery that followed the war to
one oil high prosperity, the !Imam ought tan recollect that the peel
government whirl' had contributed to the happy change arose train
the Constittitien that had been handed down to their lordships, anal
which they ottelit to hand down to posterity, one of the great ad-
vantage* of wlth:li was, that it had the power to repair practical
evils ea they were fined to ctiat. The present situation of the coun-
try ought to he an additional stimulus to them to pursue the same
comer they had hitherto adopted, and not rive up, as they had be,•n
enen Ailyl.ol to do, the subs lee for the shadow. His I,ordship
r arcluded be moving the . which was, as usual, an echo
of the Speech,
I "oral Id) itTI)N said it with extreme diffidence, but, at the
rattle dine, with great pietist , that he rose to %mond the Address.
The thattrioltiet; romlition of our trade and manufactures, with the
state of emir:threat concerns, were %efficient to excite the wannest
hales ; and we might congratulate the country on the difficulties it
hail thready over:mate. The same might be said of our connexions
with foreign port•rs t but this subteet haul been so fully entered
into by the Noble lend who preceded him, that it was omit:century
to dwell Olt the topic. Ile would hike a tew observations on one
imr: err nin .11ajcsty i apeech ; and he trusted he Amid do so with-
al:it allowittg any party feeling to operate on his mind i he alluded
t' theeituut ten of Ireland, whose trouble.; might be traced, among
o: hiss, to one ;;runt evil,—tie moral meteor the poople,—a people
alto. under Lever circumntarcen, ate capable of great and AnCtess-
fu 1 rxerionA. Lot it was almost iinpnroble to my how much they
had beet open to iniproverwvit, which haul been effectedncipally
be the imannulgetion of the Scrip:llms, the wiThholding of which had
given i ism to so newel higatry mad error. The Noble ltlarquis at
the head an affairs in irellool find Bone his utmost to promote the
;;.se' of the cot:nary ; and lie trusted that be would ultimately me-
et., .1. The population of Ireland were, however, still very de.
preemie and generally without employment ; but this evil might
be. et a great degree remedied by the mtmentetw, who should :se
ce.,se.,l under two heads—the leritimete anal the illegitimate. The
lire tra77 these who had hertrlitrry property in the country, whose
elute it Wu, to rt side more among the inhabinitits ; but particular.
Ir i:. ;,;,p,i•,; roper pummel nevi. then.. The second dues were
illos-• eh a eid not p 0,,,,, rev ereperty in this Country, and who
si, rdd lo• ludo:red to Trt.ol: to d, it own, anal improve it. lite al-
thetteh emelt ha;! leen dame Gtr I re!and, much still remained to
he de it• ; and he believed a con.ialerrible portion of it was beyond
the aer trot of the nelltorit be. A see, 'thermal good feeling pre-
voil.,l in I.ll,danil toward+ Irrl.oul : and the intimacy which had of
le".• 3,,..e., steashteal Ile, yet n tite two rOttotries h.,' done more to
re..e,ne ;he iirejitilict, et lrit!l, than all the Art* of the I,cl:is/mfr.r
roe',.' pomil.ly have ti e. 1; %tell find been effected by beeevoleat
it .. i •:II .111 S, A•id I, •1:. ,s;.:rly Iry the Bothell and fri,b ladies' no-
el, :1, h taiihee u.' v. lehet was to ...iv.• employment to the fetorlen
ti 1 , • ,•. e he a...e..-i•ie anal mr•tilfa:rtiriiig ;lax. The Noble
lee I , •..e. st•eal thee Imrththip• If, 110... rith random,. et all if)',,,,n eeie. e, ter, tene, ile woiild net longer encroach on the time of
thee. I eral-jee. . but he had thought it lea duty to Fey so much,
on s sniUt e: whic'.l Wll, !..'opie.;:iy misunderstood, anal which was
tOu ofico trt'atctl with thy • ;• i• it of party.
Tier marquis of I. %NAO. IV; N raid that it glee him peat
pie:mite to know that the reformation in Ireland., which lied oen
allmted to in the See.ll from the Timmy, hal in a !tree degree
trket place, and hilt setting from natural causes. Ile hind never
h•,•:• one of those who theeeired of her yenovetian, anal he see
Iva h 0,1:s: hi that part,on of it which had been the coneeptrece of
the ae.,miam .1 lenient measures; and hr trusted the. Ireland
would 'et lie put on the f.mtieg which it neght to be, of that per-
fect freedom of faith to which it had it right. Paving reverted to
that teethe of his eleiestyha Speech which was connct•tcd with
Ireland, the Noble level found it mart necessary to allude an that
pert el it which related to the conneehme of Erglarel with Foreign
'hertz... lie alholcc, r.orindarly to the late war in :;pain; ruld
towards this reentry the mistime of his 31eiroe's 31intstent hel
not braes stake t ro: towArtlA thr• one of which he had just spoken.
Ile had admired their prinriples, when, et the dose of the la.!
Session of ['Arnett:tee, they lad deprecate.: the commrcement of
