INSOLVENT DEBTORS' BILL.

AlletteltONll3l, said, Ile et m coussetptence of
whet passed last Hight, the Ilnu•e vomit not be
surprised that he should call upon them to continue
the operation of the present Bill for the relief of
Lisolvent Debtors wail three months after the next
meeting of Parliament. He had to inform the
!louse that that course was
a. lie had just understood the new Bill 'put up to
the Lords hail been by then rejected. The House
would recollect that the oil R.II lea+ otialoguito to
she Bankrupt Laws; two others were subserviently
framed. which went to revise and horinuenze the
principle and machinery of the measure. lei the
late Bill a variety of iiiMilfiegii(lllls were ItitTl/11Ured,
which, ill his Opilii(111, would have hail a salutary
tentlencv. The only remedy now left was to pass
a short 11.11, and during, the reces.Gentlemeti might
emvoiler the rubjtut full), so as that at the next
meeting of Pao liameot they would have an °twin-
t.tioly of fratitiog a 11:11 approved of by all parties;
it could then be made • twritiatiritt measure. and
the Iwo( sen.onni of this important question might
:it length be ter 11l ill ated. lie was aware that there
were some pe.sons who were of opinioo, that it
oirsuld Ise better. in the intrrien. to make no new
law, and to seeder the prisoner. How in custody to
remain in their platen of confinement for the en-
anti.g six tumults. To thin he cook' newer con-
sent, fur it would he leaving without hope a
vast 'lumber of persona who hail incurred the
iireliiriiseary expense. and it was considerable, of
taking Pit IA to come into Court. If no tem-
porary law were adopted, all these expenses must
fall to the ground, mid the parties. at a future
period, he called u; to look fur relief after
they had exhausted all their resources. He would
not occupt more of the time of the House, than by
moving that the Acts of the 5311, 54th, and 56th of
the King. be entered as read, and that leave be
given to bring in a Bill in pursuance of the same.
From the imperative necessity of dispatch which
existed, he trusted the House would suffer this Bill
to go through all its "lieges forthwith.—(Hear.)

.•
Sir eft M. CURTIS mitt, lie did not like to have
traders exposed to the contrivances of fraudulent
people, and lie hoped some means would be devised
to tout an end to such practices, and to render
Bills of this kind less objectiocable than he knew
they now were.
Mr. Alderman WAITIMAN denied that the ef-
fect of not bringing in a new Bill at the present
moinetit would be, that the prisons of the country
would remain full of debtors ; on the contrary, he
thought, with the Warden of the prison who had
been examined before the Committee, that if no
new law were passed, a vast number of those
debtors would discharge themselves. It was noto-
Timm, that is great number of debtors made them.
Selves inmates of prisons, through the medium of
collusive arrests; and it was a right speculation fur
carrying oti fraud, when the creditor knew it was not
worth his while to 11► at the expense of opposing
these people in a Court, where experience told him
he could 'sever recover a penny in the pound. The
%wilt). Alderman then referred to the C mitten
which had successively sat since the year 1817 upon
the state of the Instlvent Debtors' Laws. They had
recommended most efficient measures, and yet Ses-
sion after Session passed away without their being
attended to; the grossest abuses were Hatred to
grow up rod continue. The measure of the last
Committee, it now appeared, had failed elsewhere,
and the Hon. and Learned Gentleman thought it
necessary that the Act now in force—an Act so
universally censured—should be still continued,

for then& of the persons now in prison.—(Hear.)
To give relief io these persons, surely the best plan
would be, to franie is law entitling their cases to he
gone through; this would be quite enovigh, with-
oat acknowledgiog the odious principle of the law
now about to expire. His opinion was, that
the wiser plan would be to give six mouths clear
time for observation, without enacting any new
gneissic. sod then the House would have an

opportunity, from the clear state of the gaols,
of peeing that the majority of those who were
in them now, would roost relieve themselves. The
prisoners could hardly be said to endure any very
great additional hardship, for the Court often of
itself left them in for nearly as long a period—it was
now not much short of riz months since the Count
had sat so as to clear off the prisoners confined lo
different placer. It was impossible for any man, in
convidering this question, not to 'look at the con-
strurai 0000 of the loonlvent Debtors' Court. and
the c loci of the Commissioner and his Clerk
—nor creating fees, and Olen dividing them with
another, to an amount nut lees than several
thousands of 'monde in the spare of two gars.
There was not one instance, secorfling to the most
intelligent witnesses, where the property of debtor*
was rendered avoidable for the benefit of creditors.
This Art, in fact, provided no udeqmite means for
getting at the property of those debtors who were
determined not to 'beehive. No man could, fir in-
stance, be probed, its in the bankrupt Liss, by an
inquiry touellifog the diminution of his property
since the period when he could he proved to
hare had effects adequate to pay ill his cre-
ditors twenty shilling. in the pound. These Acts
had opened is door to every sort of hand, of-
feeling toot only the honest creditor, hut, he be-
lieved, also the honest debtor. fur creditors in ge-
neral, from the multiplicity of frauds they endured,
became callous, where, perhaps, the individual was
really entitled to their consideration and commi-
seration. How could the House then adopt curb a
measure after it had approved of en inquiry into
the state of their Criminal Law.? Here were frauds
even• where by the law practised. He really thought
that Aliiiisiers should themselves look seriously into
this quertiou, for it is one of those which more par-
ticularly involve,' the character of the Government;
they ought to look into these laws and into their
effect upon the morals and industry of sueitty.
Though he was as anxious es any man for the adop-
tion of a fair permnifent measure for the fella of
holiest ifisoleriot debtors, yet he must oppose the
present motion. 11'14 had it not been intrinlw•ed
earlier, when it could hive been fully discussed ?
(Mr. ABERCROMBY—" The measure has been
only just now thrown out in the Lode.")—He
was sorry the iinsioureble and Learned Member
(Mr. A bercromby) had not hero a constant attend-
deist in the Committee, lie would then hive seen the
sort of a measure which lie now wished to prolong.

Lord CASTLEREAGH did not think this the
petind when the real question of the fitness of the
existing low could be properly discussed—if it
were, he should perhaps agree with the worthy
Alderman iu many tf the übs,rvutions he had
made. Ile might agree perhaps that it would he
better to return to the old law, than to retain the
present ass permanent etiactureist. But this was
riot what they were discussing—he thought the ge.
neral feeling was, that neither course would lie pro-
per for the country to adhere to, and the only diffi-
culty was, what the House were to do in its pee.
sent situation, and he really approved of the
prevent motion as a choice of difficulties—it
merely prolonged for a temporary period. If this
were thine, he sincerely hoped that an opportunity
would be afforded of discussing the whole question
in the Gahm manner, and at length determining
upon such a measure as would be permanently ad-
vaittogeous to the community. He hoped that
under the cirroinstistices in which the House was
placed, the worthy Alderman would not obstruct
the motion of his HMI. Friend, by opposing to it
the forms of the. House in the stages through which
it had to pass.—(Hear.)
Mr. CALCRAFT said, that he felt there was but a
choice of evils, and that perhaps the only fair
course was to agree to the motion—he was not,
however, quite satisfied with the rearming given by
his Hon. and Learned Friend, for the promptitude
which must attend the adoption of his proposition.
It appeared that the Bill lately sent up to the
House reached the Lords too late to receive the
necessary discussion. and that, therefore, it must
be thrown tint. He rather thought, on tie con-
trary, that the better course would be to enable the
other House to sit for a longer period, and give
due attention to Bills of great importance. It was
no renson to say that Parliament must he up by
the 14th or 15th of July. Why tint sit till the Ist
of August nailer, and Ito the public liminess of the
country in an effective manlier ? One great reason
he had for acceding to this motion was, that strider
this Act there are certain sums invested in the
halide of the Receiver of the Court and the assig-
nees, which ought to he guarded for the benefit of
the creditors eutitled to them. There would be
no guard for this property, if the Art were suffered
to expire without the adoption of some temporary
measure. If there were no other reason thou this
he should certainly support the present motion.
Mr. G. LAMB had the strongest reasons for ob-
jecting to the old law, and the abuses it engen-
dered. Was this motion the answer the House
meant to give to the numerous Petitions which
were presented to it against this law from various
parts of the country? He did not think that any
great evil would arise if the funds in the hands of
the Receiver and assignees were left unguarded, as
had been alluded to, during the space between the
Sessions; he did not think • that property was
likely at tiny time to be very productive for cre-
ditors. It would be time enough when Parliament
met again to consider of throe food.. lie would
ask if the House were even prepared to continue
the existing Insolvent Debtors' Act, were they
also prepared to continue the present administra-
tion of that Court ? If they were not prepared to
do this, lie would ask what Barrister of eminence
would undertake. upon a tenure of six mouths,
to preside in such • Court ? Previous to this
Act there had, lie knew, been temporary mea-
sures enacted ; since the, however, Acts of a
more permanent nature had been resorted so, which
he thought it was high time should now cease.
There ought to be an rod to these lemporiritig
measures ; ihey should be all swept :may. and the
c ttttt airy suffered to return to the old law. As •
preparatory measure to recurring to such a step. he
thought the best way would be to do nothing dur-
ing the recess, and leave the matter clear fur future
proceedings.
Mr. Serjeant ONSLow could riot see why this
House should not sit as bongos the House of Lords,
and thereby he enabled to get through a messore
of this kind, so as to put it into a more palatable
shape. It could be read a Ant or even • second

Coif tooliglit, and then discussed on future days io
a full manlier. If this were a Revenue Bill, the
(louse would be kept sitting for it. At all events,
he should vote against the contintifince of an Act,
so fatal, us lie thought it, to the best interests of the
community.
Mr. B. lIATHURST said, that by trying to con-
tinue the Act in the form of the Bill lately rent to
the tipper House, they had • moral certainty of its
rejection by the Lords; whereas, by proposing •
conotionloice of the existing law, they had every
!mob obiliiy of preserving the measure for future
consideration in a less objectionable manner. No
obje-t could he goined by latlllg as long as the
Lords. for still the other [loose would require time
to consider of the proposition submitted for their
consideration. Ile earnestly hotted the House would
adopt the prevent motion as the only alternative to
which it Will proper for ihrin to resort. It dud not
follow thst the administration of the Court would
be continued in its present shape.
Lord EaSlNtiTola complained of such a prop°.
siiion of tins, oilier the numerous Petitions that had
bren transmitted against the measure from all parts
of the country ; after the labours of 4 most indus-
trious and eirective Committee, K Bill had beets
formed, It was now, it seemed, thrown out by the
(louse of Lords. As to the objection shout the
fonds in the hands of the Court, he thought it
would be much more expedient to bring in a speci-
fic motion to guard those fonds, than to continue a
measure of this kind, which was in itself so univer-
sally objoctimiablr.
Mr. COURTS/4AT entirely concurred with his
Noble Frirearl; he was still in favour of upholding
time general principle of the Bill. fur the purpose of
amending its details. There was tin evidence to
prove that of the thousands represented to be in the
hands of assigner., Itnosdreds would ever be avail-
able toe creditors. But whatever those funds were,
they conkd he impounded or guarded, without the
no-verity of retires g so ohjrctiutiablt • measure as

Sir JAMES MACILINTOM after mole prefatory
oloogvattons, exhre•otve of toe respect he bore to
the two last speakers, sa►d. that he had not intend-
ed the Committee, become he knew what they
were shout, and highly approved of their proceed-
ings. Ile thought that on the preseut occasion,
and with a view to •lteno► and perrosuent mea-
sures, the better course was to reconcile contend-
ing opinions, and each, by sacrificing • little, to
come to some fir and cousi,lerate proposition.—
He denied that to agree to this motion would be to
oppose the petitions of the people. The people, he
knew too well, required no slavish adherence to
their opinions—all they required was, that their
feelings should be consulted, and their opinions
fairly canvassed. The better course in fact would
be, with a view to meet the popular feeling, to vote
the proposed motion, and still keep the question
alive for mature and deliberate consideration iu an
ensuing Session. It would be cruel to keep pri-
soners in custody during the recess, and that on an
assumption that they were all fraudulent. There
were, no doubt, many fraudulent debtors, but it
was quite against the course of human nature to
suppose that all were so; it war just as irrational
as to imagine that all creditors were cruel. Under
all the circumstances, he thought the better course
was to support this motion.

Sir Rouser WiLsors declared bis concurrence
in the motion, and in the arguments urged by the
Hon. and Learned Gent km in who had just sat
down. He thought the present nal was consonant
to the principles of justice, good faith, and hums.
slily, and would therefore support it.
Alderman WOOD complained that the Bill, in.
trorhiced as it was, was taking the Wow by sur-
prise. He said that the present Bill was one
which !ended much to fill the prisons. He consi-
dered the ',regent Bill extremely objectionable, and
was surprised to hear that the House was called on
to legislate on thus subject, and let the 11111 pass
through all its stages in one night, without afford-
jog .113' opportunity fur colosiitrratiusi, or allowing
soy additional clauses or amendments to be intro-
duced.
Mr. Auxocaostre replied.

Sir JAMES GRAHAM opposed the Bill. Ile de-
fended the conduct of Member" who opposed this
Bill, from cruelty end oppres•ioo• which he said
lied bees, imputed by the supporters of 'lie Bill.

Sir J. MACKINTOSH rose to order. He said he
could Hot allow any Member of that House to im-
pute expre,sions which were never mink. He ap-
pealed to the House whether he and those who sup-
ported the Bill, impoited any improper motives to
those who opposed it.
The Gallery was then cleared, and the House
divided, when there apppeared—.

. . .
For t►e motion..
Against it 26

Majority

The Bill wn then b gbt its, owl read • first
and second time. On the question being put that
the Bill be committed—

Alderman WAITBIssn complained of the great
abuse, which the insolvent laws produced, and in-
stanced the case of an individual within the rules
of the King'. Bench, who lived in a style of luxury,
attended by a retinue of servants. He said, that if
the law should he continued, he would in the next
Sea.ion feel it his duty to make a motion to that
Hoene calling on the Attorney-General to prosecute
Norse who in the administrati ))) of the insolvent law
have conducted themselves improperly.
Sir JAMES GUAVAS. mid, he hoped that the large
majority by which the Bill was teowell would in
some degree reconcile the public to a measure so
very objectionable.
Lord CMITT.FREAOIIII laid, that by passing thin
Bill fur the prrivell, the Howie by no triratis ap-
proved of the I iple of the Insolvent Laws.
After some observations from Setjeant Oxst.oW,
Alderman Woos), Mr. A IIIiRCROM BY, and Air.
BATHURST. the Bill was committed.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee
on the Bill, the blanks were filled up. the Report
was brought up, awl the Bill ordered to he read
the third titer.

On ►he queminn bring put that the Bill be read
the third inne—

Mr. WILLIAMS complained of the precipitancy
with which the inessiore was brought in and aniiKlit
to be carried. lie did not think that ilw want of
time was a sufficient akiothgy 'for this precipitancy;

• •
the measure was important, itsd deserved e'er/
consideration.
Mr.
pAs Alderman
some I?:TgNt4
a n ands St
stu
The Bill was then read the third time. and
spoke at I ihier jBA GitA-
i
Paused.. • .
THE SLAift TRADE.
Mr. Wttnearoacit rose to bring forward a mo-
tion, similar to muttons, which had been formerly
made in that House ; it was for an Address to his
Royal Highness the Prince Regent, on the subject
of the Slave Trade, praying, that by the infineoce
of the British Government with Foreißtut Power%
that the Laws passed *genie the Slave Trade might
be rendered more t ff,ettial. The I-loesse were aware
that shortly after the abolition of the Slave Trade in
England, applications were made from the British
Government to the different Powers in Borope, im-
ploring them In join with England in that desirable
subject. To the zeel and aincerity of his Noble
Friend (Lord Castlereagh), to his anximis exertions
in this cause. he (Mr. W.) was happy to bear testi-
mony—those exertions were Crowned with greet
success. At the Corogrea. of Vienna. a forcible de-
nn was published by the different Powers of
Europe, denouncing the African Slave Trade as a
practical evil, opposed to the dictate' of justice and
humanity. Thus country. he mid, had shear's sine
cerity by the exertions it made, and the s iciifices it
was willing to make, to ensure the complete abo-
lition of this inhuman traffic. He was happy to
say. there was hot one single Power in Europe
who had not declared 'that this traffic was cruel
and inhuman—Portugal alone remained silent;
but lie hoped that that power would not remain
under the reproach of couidennescine a system
which all the Powers of Europe had so title.
quivoeally condemned. Thou,e,h laws have been
passed against the Slave Trade, it was difficult to
carry throe laws into complete and immediate exe-
cution—it was impossible to sweep away the dif-
ferent obstruct' that prevented the ezectitirm of
the law. The Powers ouboluently minuted a sy"-
tern of international policy. to lirrifent the Continu-
ance of this odious traffic, with the exception of two
—he meant Fnsiice and America. He regreticl that
France, a country of caveliu-rs. thou 4, as it were,
feed upon the offal of E that
she insultingly called a station of shop-keepers,
ha : renounced this unjust source of wealth, as
containing something degradiiig to her charac-
ter and contaminating to her morals. He trusted
the: France would take a higher and a better sta•
sion—that she would not embrace what England
renounced as unjust and impure—she was spot •
commercial nation, and he hoped she would not
commence commercial speculations by a connec-
tion with a system which every sentiment of huma-
nity rebuked, which was mlions alike in the sight of
God and man. This traffic had been carried on in some
of the French colonies in a most shameful manner ;
its progress had been marked by the calamities it oc-
casioned—by the ruins of wasted villages—by the
melancholy effects of fire and sword over those
countries which this alioniiiiable traffic bad re-
duced to the last state of wretchedness. He hoped,
for the honour of a great country, for the interests
of insiikind, that the acts of a few fraudulent
and unprincipled men would not he allowed
to lower the character, to corrupt the morals,
and to sully the humanity of • great people.
With regard to the United States of America, lie
would be sorry indeed if that free country did not
take effectual means of putting an end to the traffic.
Next to the declaration of its own independence,
the first act of America. when she was able to pass
a law, was to I:brutish the Slave Trade. In most of
the States a sincere and anxious disposition was ins-
rinrstril to render the abolition complete. He could
not advert without feelings of sincere pleasure to
an Act lately passed by the Congress. which
showed the greatest sincerity on this interest-
ing subject. By that Art Congress determined
so fit out a naval force for the purpose of more
rfirctts Illy putting down the Slave Trade, and
they have awarded large bo 0000 ties for the capture
of slave ships. Ile hoped that this Act would be
put in full execution—he hoped that America
would not he satisfied with an abolition upon paper.
hut would give force and effect to law. It was, he
said, distressing to think that the object which the
friends of the abolition had so long in view, had
been so long ad:led—hut the time would arrive
when the frivudi of justice and humanity would
enjoy an hottest triumph over the ruins of a system
which hod so long dishonoured one part of the liu-
tnaii race 31151 oppressed another. From the trial that
the people of Africa have had, they have more thou
justified the declarations of their friends—namely,
that if the progress of moral improvement amongst
them had not been blasted by this inhuman traffic,
they would have giveu proofs of talent and of
feeling that would do honour to any people in the
world. That much-calumniated colony (Sierra
Leone) cost Government no more than was barely
'tree's:my for the maintenance of the inhabitant.,
yet since the abolition of the detested traffic she
was daily growing into importance. In addition to
a system of social subordination established. 4.000
souls were placed under a state of instruction. and
9.000 free blacks were Isegianiug to enjoy the
blessings and the comforts of civilised life.—
The hest way that this country could take to con.
viper other nations how much at heart it had the
tool abolition of the Slave Trade was, by making
every eel art in our power to repair the iiijuriea
which, for ages past. the unhappy people of Africa,
had suffered :it our hands. This we. the great duty
which England had to perform, and he was sure
that every individual in this couutry, as well as the
Government itself, would be noxious to co-operate
with the gnat Powers of the world to complete the
great work of the African's emancipation ; though
that ematicipatiou had tint tardily advanced. lie
yet hipped that lie should not depart from
this world until the morning sun should shine
upon the plains of Africa, carrying to the
heart. of the penole that joy which slavery
had prevented thrill from feeling before.—
Ife concluded by moving an Address to his Royal
Highness the Prince Regent. expressive of the
sense of gratitude the House felt for the exertions
his MINI Highness had made with the great Powers
of Europe, for the complete abolition the Ulmer
Trade, and congraisilatiog him nu the success of
these exertions. The Address, after entering at
large on the bad effects produced by the Shave
Trade, concluded by hoping that the efforts of his
Hoye! Highness's Government would be still di.

. • .
rected to its total &betides is sway osootry tl6l

Sir JAMBS MACK INTOPIII said. he would not tree.
/Mlle at soy length upon the 'gentian of the Win,.
The measure recommended itself—it wanted no
advocate. or, if it did. it could no finita Airs„,
more powerful one than his Hon. Friend. Ai for
Portugal, he felt siminiaa to pms aver list er'.l.le4
is siletice—it was dificialt to speak of her
with truth and with decirtain—slia was in :I nr
solitude is the civilized world—sod *Mitt tin
natioar proems ,cud a Ilenient, or 111Nitty (.1 the
Mitre Triode. Portugal carried it on to :iii inrl,E„JtY.
exteut. As to the United Slam of Awrita,
had every result to hope that they were invent, in
their determination to effect • total abolition. It

was a singular fact, that without any coma-alai-
cation whatever between the countries, England
end America abolished the Slave Trade in the
same year. He could not help thinking tilat
tory would remark upon the striking and atf, t.
ing circumstnnce, that two nation. tinfariss,,,,,,i,
divided by the calamities of civil veer, had aithroat
any concert performed in the same year that great
act so worthy of their common blood and their
common liberty. They were ,he brat among the
hatintut to make a great eitonerneot to the outraged
principles of humanity. The Independent Stales
of South .411411e1101, though ,navy of the itiliatniati
had been slave-holdrr., though they had the
prejudices of ancient habits to subtitle, set the
moment titer asserted their own inilessendeiii.,
they abolished this detestable traffic. He ~,xt
adverted to the state of the people of ,sis
Louis. That place WWI !litthotnT note
a great factory f,, Ibe Slave -rich—all the 1„1,,,_
bitants of the colony were under the attalartnii „f
carrying it on ; nor were even those officeve whe
filled places of trust and authority attprard t,,
make an exception. What ronntenottre these prat.
tices received front the Goveramesa of the hurler
Country it was not fur I to s.ay, but he ironed
OM the knowledge of llo).e riot. sin Fr41,c,.,
would tend to the suppression of a star s.,
disgraceful to the French name. Fir truss.it
that this base and atrocious traffic would not be
suffered to di-honour the fl ,g of France—mat
that flag, now permitted *leer a lung Ore-we
to 'thew itself on the coast of Africa, would out ise
the harbinger of robbery and df murder—earryiq
desolation and misery wherever it appeared, aiat
collecting around it a banditti ready to relieve the
scenes of guilt and misery with whit ii that
wretched coast had been so long afflicted. It *l*,
he said, delightful to reflect, that Frasier het
mule great 'approaches to a legal and reason:Ant
liberty—it was impoesible to speak woo too
much praise of the great mid gesierel tranquillity
which followed the withdrawisig of the al hirti
from France—it was imposeible nut in admire the
spirit and the order of their legidative departs, and
the freedom and else decency with *hick the press
of that country handled pubbc subjects. These
gent blessings would, he trusted, overpay the ca-
lamity which Europe has suffered. He relied on
the liee Goverionent as the best security to pre-
vent a recurrence of those convulsions which ought
shake Europe to its ceisive; he trusted that the
representatives of that free people would raise their
voice against the Slave Trade—that they would nut
cousitenance in France, or in the Cokunies, a de-
testable traffic, calealated to stain the rising liberty
of their country.
Lord Cermeacson said, that though he did
not disapprove of the Address, he could assure the
House that his Royal Highness the Prince Regent
or his Ministers did not require soy 'Additional sti-
mulus to induce them to exert every eft:at to com-
plete the abolition of the Slave Trade. With re-
gsrd to Portugal, that Power had not formally re•
fined to abolish the traffic; the period hid not }et
suitor'. within which a final answer was to he given
by that Power on this subject—that period, as fixed
on at the Congress, was eight years. He would have
been gratified, as well for the character of Portugal as
for the accomplishmesst of the great object they had
in view, if she had sooner sent a filial answer on this
subject. As for France, the Government of that
country felt extremely anxious to administer their
own internal laws against the Slave Trade, and the
French Government lately sent out vessels to pro-
tect the coasts. and to control the ghosts of their
own flag. The Noble Lord concluded by aillallalg
the House that nothing could exceed the anxiety
of the Prince Regent to put doom, as fir as hi•
influence and power could retrial, ei traffic which
created so much of mural evil, and of public and
private misery.

The question was then put, and carried nest. roc
Sir JAMES NIACIINTONI ',relented a lirt.thlit
from Captain R►chard Walker, • British officer,
complaining of injuries he l►ed recetvd from the
Portuguese Goveriament.—Ordered to be ',marl!.
A Message front the Lords al 0000000 need that their
Lordships had •greed to several B►lls.
Lord CASTLERBAGII moved that the House, ou
its rising, should adjourn to ►M lay next.

On the motion of Mr. HENRY Cues an Arldre”
was ordered so be presented to his Royal Higlinti.a
the Prince Regent, praying that lie would bit
plest%tql to order a envy of the Report of the Gnu.
missioners appointed to eaatoine into the fee...f
Courts of Justice in England to he laid briar.. the
[louse. so far as the mine related to the Court of
Cumusou Pleas.
_ IRISH INSOLVENT BILL

On the motiUssOfiih:6ll/eGLHI‘I.. leave "
given to hraug in a BIN for the retitle(' l ,a4,lvrnt
DeWorm its Ireland.

The Bill was then brought up, read a first and
second time, and committed.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee
on the said 13111--the blanks were filled up—snil
the Chairman reported progress,
The Bill was then read the third time awl
passed.

The other Orders of the Di were thee thoprov,l
of; and the Haute adjoernetl at Eight o'Clock to
Monthly next.

What the Earl of ...1-11111EITOL ,rated on the "Ob-
ject or tithes in Irehool, to the House of Lords, on
Monday eight, we tontlerrtutill, was eXpre46.ly.•• ll.at
he trusted that the perthons with whoop the suresoie
originated would be deterred by the sense ..1 the
people, expressed in the Petitions, f again hung.
log forward say astaloro of a similar macre."
