GREECE.

11 LORD COCHRANE,
"To Ills coontrymen who chose the profession of arms abroad,
prevines to the passing of the Foreign Enlistment Act ; and t.
all odues
Ratl who are free to promote the soda of humanity and
)natine,—
1 " Companions and Friends !—The vast possessions of Spain and
Pertepl I ring delivered from the colonial yoke, the former rayed
to the rink of Independent States, the latter to the title of an
Heapirg, rafting further can be done by you in that quarter, us better the condition of man. The basis. of freedom and prosperity
being laid, fate, intercourse with other ns ions, experience to be
acquired by the inters, aid knowledge by the people, can sloes
confer the bl s.ing of enlightened governments and national aka.
riry from ti'e a in nistra, ion of just lass.
" Year labours, thee, havirg termirated in the New'World, let us
turn our form towards a people, whose present condition, compared
with their r greatness, tills the heart with grief. Let us has.
ten to comp!ete cur task, in seWsting the oppressed descendants of the once free, illustrious Greeks, now struggling under the galling yoke of slavery, rendered insupportable by the most strocioss cruelties, and by the sad consideretion that the oppression under
which they groan is actively upheld, or unfeelingly sanctioned,
by those Mine duty it is to promote the civilization and welfare of
mankind.
" In this humane and glorious enterprise, we shall be joined hem
all countries, by multt.udes who, like ourselves, have no penalties
to d cad. The result is sure, both with retrucl to those whom you
will assist, and lour-elves; for the Grecian people, like the wi.e
Government of Ncnh America, wgl receive as brethren and friends
every man who, by his talent, his industry, his capital, or his
strength, shall add to the welfare, riches, or security of the State.
'' To notice to you the contiguity of Greece to pour n homes,
its sent-al poWtios rut dirt the nations of Earope , the aw
menity of
its crenate, the fe t'llty of its soil, the rkhocas of its productions,
the dii nal y and beauty of scenery, et its sphtude for commerce,
sees superfluous. But to remind you that a new field will thereat
made thrown open feu manufactures and the,w le—that nine-tenths
of dilt dosightful region, mad of those mace fertile lands, lie desert
and abandoned.—thit flocks and herds, and the soil itself, within fortnight's 8.0 of the north of Europe, are amides", in the ab.
settee of cultivators and coney usen--is a ditty which is due to Green
and to you.
" hasten, then, to the relief of this >offering people; rest sags.
fled that you will be received with Of en UM, as citizens and is
Itituda, a d that no T••• shall fail to meet the just reward of his la.
hour n h a Cfristian and &Colts uneer along.
" Adieu!—Unite at the Island of Salamis (the theatre of int.
mortal deeds in former days); ther agai I the crown of victory
awaits those who advocate the cause of Greece and Liberty !
ge.l " COCHRANE."
Our letters are from Malta an(dilllue-stifle, of the 14th to the 23th
Sept. The following are extracts :

" MALTA, SEPT. lt.
"There is a great lack antes fr m the we,.tward, at this place.
From what I can collect, ft wolild it•pear that the Turkish fleet is
up the Dardanelles, white It is likey to ransin, owing to the late
massacre or the Janissaries Pt Cone.inurtople, by the sultan, and
to the plague which is raging In that city. The whole of the prin.
cipal officers are in tents within the Seraglio, and the banner of
the Prophet remains unfurled, as a re-scum is expected throughout
the whole country, and the fate of the Sultan threatens to be the
same as that of Mustapha and Seiini, when they made the urns
bold attempt to put down their masters. dlahomet AU seems to he
in a complete bother; his finances grow more and mote seamy; his
Egyptians and Arabs refuse going to the slaughter-house in Orme,
and hare abandoned the harvest of cotton and grain. and fed to
retreAs in the ihterior. At tie same time Ibrahim is inactive is
the Mores ; the desperate defence. of Missoionghi has taught htm
that rouctliing mtte than threats is to.cctssary, and since that action
he has done no:Vng.
" What a favourable opportunity is this for the Greeks—what
d..pravity in their pseudo friends to let pass this opportunity !
but so it is."

"SEPTEMBER in.
" We have received letters from Messina, stating the conduct of
the Goverrment Oflicers there, towards some gentlemen myelin
in the Britnh yacht Unicorn. One of them, Mr. Ilesketh, had
tern at his pert, where he nbtaioed pratique, the yacht not having
a blli of health, and had returned to Mt seine. Having some letters
and paper., to's,nd on brand, he went to the health 'Amon the
6rn inst., and having obtained rerrniaqon from one of the Ma.
gistra es to hand ih m into the yacht's marl:A.lost, he plac d
them on the sentry's lance, when anieher Magistrate jumped for.
ward and aired them. They have no'. been sent on 'oeard the
yacht. although application ass mule ft/ .hem, and she (the yacht)
remaintd at Messina till the evening r f the 9th. We arc not in.
formed of the steps which Mr. Barker, the British resident Corsel,
may have taken, but certainly a more in,nient, unwarrantable act
was never heard of, except among barbarians sir banditti ; but, in
truth, the Neapolitan Government is made up of there two precious
lila-red' us."
" NAPOLI DE ROMANIA, Aun. 19.
"National paper has risen from 9 012, in consequence of the news
of Loral Cochrane being in the Mediterranean. Since the Egyp.
trans invaded the Morea, things neve-. bore a bitter aspect than at
present, as well as at Attica. Ibrahim Paella has beer. routed in
three different attacks that he made on Sparta (Maine), end de.
spaiitng of success, he has retired in Tripolitita, where De is at
pres,iat. Ia one, on the 3d instant, our ttoops completely beat
three battalions of regulars, composed of !braille+ best light
troops, about 400 in nuniber. This victory was obtaintsi by Gene-
va Nichita, with the Copatelli of Bliasolongiti, and 250 lunians.
A bout 2,900 Egyptian' Attempted to open for themselves a passage
front enron, Jlodnn, and:Nimnstro, (the Forrest of Navarino) to
I join Ibrahim at Tripolitza ; our people rested them and took about
300 horses and mules laden with previsions. Captains Grisioti and
Vatzon have harassed the Turks under Rintasky. who is besieging
Athens. This city and the citedil tre well defended. and Ilave a
wad store of provisions and ammunition; and the enemy must
soon raise the siege, as Captain Fabvier, with some regulars, (spas'.
ing to Methine. Caraiseachi and several other Captains have left
this tNanoli) to join labeler, so that in a few days the enemy
will be forced to abandon Athens, anti the whole of Attica.
A few days ago. 36 vessels sailed from Hydra, commended by
Vice-Admiral Sachtouri, and fell in with the enemy's fleet off
Samos; they prevented them front landing, and forced them to saiL
Two brulots were sent against the two larg:st frigates, one of
*WO begin 0 bum, but was extioguished, but not until 6 or 700
men had tntown themselves into the sea--314 of whom sere picked
up to the Greeks, among wham was the Secretary to Ad iilral lot ul.
After this the enemy's- squadron ranged in the channel of Sctos.
We live heard that Curataro has marched with 3,000 men upon
Negropont, so that Omer Bey has had to march trout before
Athens, leaving there the Cutaelii."

" MESSIXA, SETT. 19.
"We have received accounts from 31alta, stating that the Victory,
which is said to hate laird Cochrane on board. was not allotted
pratiqae at Malta, so that it seems our countrymen are ro better
than the Sicilians. From the .11ulh•re Gozette we learn that three
Turks, belonging to the Viceroy of Egypt's stuff, were at Media,
and honoured the Governer, Marquis of Hastings, by dining with
hint ; in return for which •• honour" his Excellency lett them a
Government vessel, to proceed to Marseilles in. This Is called nen.
malty ; ore party denied a larding, the wiser feasted and assisted
by the Governor. IVllat will the litiglos of Malta say, on hearing
that their Grand 31aster's Palace has been the place of revelry fit
their sworn enemies, and the friend of their loosed curse derived
even of that which common courtesy ought to have granted ?"
