HAMDUR(.II

DREaM M, APR; 1. .5.

I t proposal of the Min:Nttr al 11.:41, P. ince
Pounstwa.l64,,..tbas. Geeserala of 11iig.,4146 in Ow army
of the Duchy of Warsaw, Harper, Rozoiecki, Ka-
miuteeki, Sokultticki, and the French Colonel of
Astillery, lepelletier, who bus been two }Parr
in the .errice 4.f the Duchy, and greatly dirt-m-
-m.1414A himself in the lat.t campaign, bare been
ap; in turd (ieuerals of Divisioi4.

31..jur-General Skjoldsbraird, well-known by his
voyage to the Cape, and Colonel Baron Von Otter,
who accompanied Gustavus Adolphus tuthe territory
of Baden, and then went for a short time to Paris,
:ire arrived here on a visit of curiosity. To-morrow
they proceed to Stralsund, whence they will teturu
to Sweden.

count Einsiedle, our late Envoy at St. Petaw-
Itnrgh. is pine from thence to Parts, to take no,-
Mt of his new employment there. Count
Sri woreld gars again as our Envoy to Vicuna, 111 d
Mrtowski, Envoy to Spain.
Fits btaje•ty, towards the end of this month. will
,kit A journey to Warsaw, by the way of Crarnw,
Teton' by that of Posen. Prince Poniatowski
MUNICH, MARCH 30.
are already appointed for titling

• 111 yin rihrher.
4 'ow uitasim

possession of the nsolyastequited equittries. The
Privy Counsellor, Count Doring-Gurtenzell, wjll
take possession of the principality of Bayreuth ; the
Privy Counsellor, Baron Vou Welchs, on the tith
of April, of flatimlson, and Count Keichersberg, of
Salzburg; and the I ions iertel.

NU NICII~ APOOI. 4.

Though the arrival of the Minister of State,
Mositge las front Paris, has been expected here for
more than a week, it is now said, that his Erccel-
lency will remain there the whole of the month of
April, and probably of May likewiNe, as important
affairs render his continuance there necessary. At
Pari,, preparations are now making fur a general
meeting of the Confederation of the Rhine, which
will be held there in the course of the slimmer.

There is n report that His Nlnjesty. our King.
will, in the course of the ensiling mouth of May.
itgain make it journey to Paris, where Neveml
tioreeeigtis of the Rhenish Coactleratiou are like-
iiivit.ll, to he 'resent at the festivals given by
Naloilvoti the fit at.
APRIL 6.

IVithin these few days several divisions of con-
scripts, from the Tyrol, have arrived. They are
seen, accompanied by their new comrsdes, the sol-
diers of the army, in the streets mid public places.
His Majesty, with the generosity natural to his
character, has gem orders that these young war-
riors shall be treate•i with the greatest mildness and
forlieJrimee. The) will be mixed with their elder
compmions in armors.

STRASDUIGH, Y•RCH 31.

Yesterday. the head-quarters of General Dupes
arrived here from Rastadt. The General and his
Staff are likewise here, and three battalion. of in-
Ling ry ref divining) have entered. and are quartered
on the : it is believed that they will in
ware &fin our Kliffnonn.

Gcncr.il Jars itud his head-quarters are arrived
at Schlettstudt. and his brigade has taken canton-
ment 3 in that vicinity.
Our national guard still occupies some posts
within the city.

Many travellers, especially from the Au►trian
Stater, pasta Ibis city far !'aria.

AIISTIRDASI. APRIL 7.

It is understood that the town of Embdeu, and
the whole coast of what was formerly East Fries-
14ud, wilt be occupied by French troops. A regi-
ment of cavalry and another of infantry are al-
ready on their march for that purpose. These
tropes will arrive there on the 22d, and act in COQ.
juncti,in with the army of the North, under Mar-
shal Oathoot, Duke of Reggio.

HMI* RHINE. MARCH 31.
_ There is talc of the erection of u superior tribu.
nal 1.1 the States of the Confederation of the Rhine,
which, with certain modification•, shall have the
same organization as the former Mahe Council of
the Empire. The most important documents of
the late Chancery of the Empire have been al-
ready vent to Paris, and probably the most inipor.
taut archives of the Anlic Council of the Empire
will likewise be scot thither.
RANKS Of *CHIL VAR, APRIL 6.

Intelligence has been received here that the
Diikc of Oldenburgh, by order of the French Co-
ve &&&&&& en', has been peremptorily desired to lay an
embargo on all ships, and goods chipped or intend-
ed to be shipped in his Duchy. At Varel, when the
last letters came away, the embargo had been laid,
and, by the command of the French, all goods, ei-
ther imported ur for exportation, were put under
wrol. ♦PRIL 13.

-
The French garrison at Hatnburgh, consisting
of several regiments of the division of General
Molitor, has soddenly beets diminished two regi-
ments, who received orders some days ago to break
up ti►r ci-tleessnt East Friesland, where they are to
occupy Funialeti, and the whole sea-coast as far as
Holly .d. the Duchy of Oldenburg, too, the
!Jake has her► obliged, by the orders of the French
assists, to detain all ships that were not ready to
set sail, or that had not actually, to prevent
cundscati 4444 put to sea. French troops and
Cuatou►-houst Officers will, it is said, occupy
the wort of that Duchy, and eery thing will
be done to render the comMunication with England,
vio Heligoland an•l Yollarid, if not wholly impracti-
cable, at least extremely difficult and dangerous.
Near Cuxhaven and Nritworth, the communica-
tionhas, of lair, been rendered very diiiirous, till
the re-appearance of some English ships of war at
the th of the Ellie. The Senate of Hainburgh
has ha•en invited, or rather commanded, to attend
at the Chapel of the French Government at Ham-
burgh, on the 42d inst. when a 7e Ileum is to he
snug to celebrate Napoleon's second marriage.
The Senate has also been ordered to give expeneive
files, on account of the seine event, with illum►ina-
ttosss, balls, Ake. ■t the elpenve of the poor op-
pressed city.
The hostile spirit of the Danish and Swedish Cabi-
, nets against Great Blitatn, at the Fell tiest of France
sod Russia, becomes daily more apparent, from
late measures taken both countries, as well as in
Prus-is and both Pomeranias„ to suppress the com-
merce and navig Ilion of England of her allies.
Pri% ate letters received, sin Paris, by some French
and Sp antsh houses in the North nt Germany, state,
that the French besieging corps before Cad's has
sullenest very severely from the cambium! Spanish,
lhitish, anti Portugue.e forcer.
The Atuesican ship. that lately arrived at Ton-

LYCEUM TIIERTRE.
(Curler the ■peeial UMW` of the Lord Chamberlain.]

Their Majesties.' Servants *ill, Ibis present SATURDAY,

April VS, 18 to, perform Ike Comedy of
THF. SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL.

Sir Peter Teazle; Mr. Wrotighttin i Sir OW.. .Surface, Mr.
Dos tun; Lady Trask, Miss Duncan. •
End of the Pla
THE VILLAGE DOCTOR;
Composed by 1111011Winif Francesco Antonio Montivtani,
• celebrated Mime, and Principal Grotesque Dancer, from
the Theatre at Lisbon his oth appearance in Eaelanil.
To which will be added, a musical entertainment, called
MY GRAN DMOTII ER.

Sir Mathew Medley, Mr. Maddock■; Vapour, Mr. Dr
Camp; Dicky Gossip, Mr. Mathews, Charlotte, Mrs.
Mathews; Florttla, Miss Duncan.
On Mooday,The Maniac ; or, the Swiss Banditti.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LON DON,
SATURDAY. Aram 28.

A Gnttenburgh Mail arrived yesterday, but it
does not contain a single article of any interest.
The Paris papersareequally barren of intelligence.
Of Spain they make uo mention ; and, from this
silence, we derive strong hopes ►hat the favourable
account of the Spanish affairs communicated by the
Lisbon Pdpers, is well-founded.

The German Papers state, that a meeting of the
States of the Confederation of the Rhine will be
held at Paris, in the coarse of the summer. To
the list of foreign sea-ports, the commerce of which
Bonaparte means to take iutu his keeping, are to be
added Embden, and the whole colist of East Friese-
land.

A Lisbon Mail arrived yesterday, with letters and
Papers, to the 15th instant. They contain little
intelligence from Portugal; but this deficiency is
amply compensated by the flattering picture which
they afford of the state of affairs in Spain. At no
period, since the surrender of Dueosiv, did they
present so favourable au aspect, or more flattering
prospect of success. We were then amazed by a
sudden blaze of loyalty, but every thing was to be
dreaded from the veteran arts and arias of France,ex-
ercised upon a rude and indigested mans, such as the
Spanish nation then appeared to be. That mass has '
new survived the explosion of the mine prepared for
it, and, to its native energies, now adds all the advan-
tages of two years of military discipline and train-
ing. For our ow :t part, ti e have alwa .. cherished
the grateful principle, which says, that a nation CBll
' never be conquered which is determined to be free ;
that, in the transition from independence to slavery,
the will must be assenting equally as in the passage
from virtue to vice. Seeing, therefore, the unities.
sal indignation excited in the breasts of the Spanish
people by the crimes and perfidy of Boma Patti,
we acknowledge that we have been, from the be-
ginning. among the most sanguine in our hopes of
their ultimate sticcess. Although that hope may
never be realized, we shall have no reason to
charge ourselves with want of judgment or political
sagacity. By the peace with Austria, and the
friendly relations between that Power and France,
cemented by the marriage of the Princess Maus-
LOUISA with BON AMTS. he has been for some
time able to direct his undivided energies against
Spain; and yet we find Spain, not only *instil/deed,
but full of confidence, and the armies of France
scattered over,the Peisisisula,iii a state of inactivity,
dispersion, or retreat.

The French, in the vicinity of Badajos, conti-
nued to threaten that place; but it is stated
in an article from it, dated the 11th, that the
combined British and Spaitiali army hail de-
feated the enemy at Chiclana, Medina,
and Puerto Beal, ru consequence of which
the coniiminication MR+ open between Cadiz and
fladajos. Several of the enemy's wounded hail
arrived at St. Incur, and the combined army
meant, a• soon as the weather became nio-
deride, to make • descent on Saida Ma.
est, where the French had their head-quarters. It
is stated, in another article, that the attack on
Santa Maria had actually taken place, and that
it was evacuated by the enemy, after a battle in
which they were defeated. The whole coast to the
East, stretching along Grenada was clear, and every
thing indicated the retreat of the French from the
whole of Andalusia. In thst event, • general 5,.-
bon may be expected, as they must encounter the
whole array of BALLASTFROS, who occiipictl the
Western part of the Sierra Morelia, and had his
head.quarters at Itorisprillo. But the reverses of
the enemy are not confined to the Province of
Andalusia. An active and, desultory warfare is
carried on in every (loaner of the Peninsula,
and with uniform success, on the part of the
Spaniards.—ln the North, the siege of As-
turga is reported to have been raised ; and in
Old Castile the French Me. e retreating to
Burgers ; while in the centre, a Spanish diviaiou,
threat g the capital, had advanced to Aranineit,

The Ship I. letter of
c 2, for f...otiott'," AsTmoss
sent into 'eytnosth, on

French tichroner privateer La

four.carriag- guns. with .malt

35 men, after a most gnlkot

a half: sive was carried by boarding. The French
Captain and ten liven were killed, and several wound-
ed. The Larkins had fame men killed and serend
wounded. The privateer. when taken, had hero
three dada out of St. Miaow, hut made no rapture,
Great cridit is due to the commander and cree
the blUkiss, in hoarding and cam itig the prhate,r,
as they were
:greatly inferior in number of men. Ilia
privateer has lust her foremast.

In consequeneeof the restoration of intoquillity
in the metropolio, part of the troops which Wert
marched from the Knit' district, in that vivinity, are
ordered to return to their former stations, of
these, the Queen's RAS•+ h ire ortivid at Can.
te►bury, in three divisions, the Royal Bucki
Militia, from Chatlinin, arrived in that city on
Tuesday, and rnari•hed oil Wednesday morning
to occupy their former quarters at Warr. Tilt 3,1
Lancashire Militia are ul•u on their march for
Dover, from ti e Swaim D strict, and will arrive
then. in the course of the present week.

The two troops of the 12th Light Dragoons,
which lately arrived in Canterbury, returned to
►heir former quarters at Stupor Barracks, near
Sandwich, on '1 huraday.
We understand that the 3d. or King's Own Dra-
goons, lately stationed in Canterbury, and which
left it on account of the late diatiarhances in the me.
tropolis, have received their route for Guildford,
where the first division will arrive this day; the
detachment which was left b-hind, will march hem
Canterbury on Monday next. —The remains of
the 93d Light Dragoons, which consipt only of
about 200 Teo, having suffered aereiely io the
battle of Talavera. are to be removed front Guild.
ford to Canterbury.

The last dispatches front Cadiz represent that
city in a state of complete confidece:! in its power
of resisting and reeing any attempt the enemy may
make against i The apprehensions that were en-
tertained of a. deficiency of water have been re-
moved, by the discovery of *owe wells in the vici-
nity, of a very good quality.
A letteir.from Cadiz. by the packet, states, that
the Fronds prisoners of Durum's army, on board
the prison ships, are dying dsily in great numbers.
Yesterday, a Court of Directoes was held at the
East India House, when Capt. J. MURRELL ea,
sworn into th- command of the ship Exeter, and
took His fib leave of the Court, preview. to de-
parting VI- B mbav i eel. The Court adjourned
at six o'clock ti I Wed "today next.
Extiact o a letter fr m a Seri-ant in the 79th
regiment f fow , dat. d Lisbon, Aiail I :—" The
British army is labout forty le.gu•s four doe en:.
which I left about a month ago, .n I, I hope, ill
few days, to juin them again.--I ye ym<n in Lis-
bon is armed; not one that is able, a t hes a tire-
lock ; all ready for th.: fi. Id at A in ..• e A's notice.
'114,e Portuguese army is about 89,000, all well
disciplined, and the Brilish Shout 30,000; if they
prove true, we can l.ut IioN•PARTE deluxe
from enteriag Portugal. Our army locks well at
present ; they have b• en fir Iwo mo the lying at
their ease, I vi g upon. the hest tie co mry can If.
fool."
Silt Fa (Preis lieacare.—When ama bee uies
a ova., falourute, it is art n ing what pr juaice
will do for him.--The p I ul .rity of WILKES lax
So iii4ll at one ilea,, Von nta, y t.e,p e h tight him
a handsome man, and that his ',Luting became
hint : A linigis..ble maw c of thi. i. r corded : In
a conversation between ta• of his Wks ars at Guild-
hall one dry, after he hid made • carafes-fable
spete'b, .1 Tow," says one to the other. " What a
fine handsome fellow Master WILLIES is !" " Hand-
smite !" bays Tom, " Nay, sot ntuchaf that, for be
squints most horribly." ". Squints !".. soya the
other, r.king a steadier view of him," Why, yes. to
be sure e squints • little, brit, hang :toot MOM tbaa
a g. attletnan should do !"
The conduct of cflicees and men of the 51st
Regiment (Light liallintry). while qic rtercd io sad
near the Metropolis, dining the Well reatened
torltanceez_tos an exent4sgs,„ Is to •Ailltuth the
approbation a/ all rank., of the inhshitants.
The grand hope of the Frew% to make them-
selves masters of Valencia. was founded less on tie:
strength of their arms than Oft the ,•11, cop of their
intrigues.—They had bribed
some persons in the
city to raise a disturbance, io the midst of which
the gates were to he thrown open, sodthe troopa
admitted. But the plot was hvialy d nerved.
and the General, Don Josern CARO, frariug St.
rested the traitors, the French immediately grovel.
harassed in their retreat by the troops aud pemsoe"
ry that were crowding towardaVaieocia, to assist in
its defence. The number of traitors was .0.10.
twenty of whom art • said to have beet tried sal
executed. . .

That magnificent work. the Fulkstoce Ittriour,
torrymg on with V. °Orrin' eelent), sod is eves
now • protection to colt.tent. The armed schooner
privateer, the Trite Briton, of Etta tons, c.ine in on
S•turtl4y lar.t, to relit ; snot e.s-els of • less tle-ctip•
Cost. are drily tislciag shelter Iron, the %%esters
Well. (Ire.tt credit Is doe to the Dirrctoo, of this
onti.-rtak:o.:. whose rit,rtior 4 t.. Attain thus grind
object +are indefotigabie. Ihe Pier rn ty a^M be
said It. he ons•-third Iron, the lurr ty
with which tl:e luau:tome rock, ore
judge that in two pore it wall be colup;eted.

. .
and plundered it 4. 600 n stand of aims. 1L.,,,
oikei eases are repainfettof the active mul iv!„,
,:i
airfarr earned males tint Peninsula. It, slict: .
laauk.whial Inight4isiire'6ven dune fur 51 ..u, lA, 4
_ .
the councils of Engltiner been directed hi rtit•rgy
and wisdom. ' • .
The-shlis I. uriint,, letter of marque, from Joloai.
c 2, for f.,109:1','-ARTNotiv Cum.'s, toino.ao.dtt,
sent into 'eyinouth, on Wednesday n glit. the it,
10 French seheoner privateer La Aniline, nviiiittn,. dii
four•carriag- guns, with %mall suns, manned withtut
35 men, after a most gallant action of one hour ki d thl
a half : she was clArriori 1., 1..,.........._ ..... _.
