NISITGULTI, OCT. 13.
A considerable quantity of provisi,ns are col-
leting in different places upon the Weser, which
are fit for est,thfishing ni.gatities. It is said. that
these provision. are on acc cunt of the Emperor of
Russia, and destinLi for the Russian troops who
are to land at Mecklenburgli. The fortress of
Hameln is psoviiloned for sic ino ithe ; that of
Nisubourgt for tour; they are, besides, provided
'with all manner of necessaries.
His Majesty the King of Holland has received
from the Emperor of the French Cue comotaad in
chief of the army of the North. •
MINISIRY OF THE GRAND JUDOS.
THE elation pivots, misfits's Ol JUSTICC, ISLAND
OPTICS' Of THe LTC lON 01 HONOUR, TO TOT 11.1.
kTIAS ATT•IIPIES 0311/ILIIIIL OP TUB COUSTS OT
Jerrie&
" Paris, Oet 17, 11(16.
a The partial's of war have at length, Gentle-
men, succeeded in establishing their deplorable in-
Boence at the Court of Berlin; and when the Ern-
perio, touched with the misfortunes of Europe, was
endeavoniing to place the peace of the Continent
upon lasting foundations, which might at length al-
low the nations to breathe, and which should remove
let *longtime the calamities of war, a King, whom so
many motives should have iaduced us remain closely
united with France. takes, all of a sudden, an atti-
tude menacing to France ; and so far from the mo-
&ratios of the Emperor having put a stop to those
unerpeeted dasnoostratioes of hostilities ready to
begin, they have aired to dielate to France, viaori-
ens, such conditions as, even in the midst of reverse,
bet august Chief would have ?vistaed with disdain.
Moderation has its bounds; a just resentment must
succeed it, when a nation is eutrageoosly insulted,
and when it is provoked by aggression the most in-
conceivable. May the blood which is now going to
flow be for ever a matter of reproach to those sinis-
ter Counsellors who mislead Kings, and who, blind-
ing them as to their real interests, plunge them into
dangers which may shake their thrones-I
" its E.mperor marches at the bead of his brave
• legions, always animated with the seine spirit, al-
ways faithful and devoted to him. Let us, in the
interior, imitate his noble and generous example ;
and if it be not permitted to us, as to our brave
young men, to shed our blood for the most jest of
all causes, at least let us serve it with all our
efforts, and all our means. No .Frenchmaa can
be indifferent about such dear -interest:, withuut
being ctiptinal i but, independent of those obliga.
Pens whichlo
r e common both to public funaion-
aries and itt • Citizens, they 'have particular
duties toy fu, and which they should always re-
trembettAstagh a conjunaure as we are now plated.
Thsreinse,,clapinz the .abseitce of the Emperor. all
s:ititild rode- tapir their zeal, vigilance, and acclivity,
an sucha isientier, that during his absence, his spirit
r may appear td rasidz among us, and animate every
department of the public •administration. The.
geotletnen. •is principally addressed to you, inian
;re apetiAlly charged with the maintenance of pub.
sic 4r4icr. and with the prosecution of crimes
which may disturb it. Faithful and indefatigable
peetinets du not allow crime a moment of respite
or of slumber: attach yourselves especially to
• the repressing those odious crimes duo I have
pointed mu to you in the circular letter of the 3d of
This month : every thing which hurts the conserip-
*ion is a real wound to the state: it is by vigour
and coststati:y in the application of the remedy that
the cure is etfelicd.
" In a word. nested nothing in order that yor
may answer the confidence that His Majesty has
honoured you with, and deserve that he, at his
return, may deign to approve your coadaa, whickt
r iveyou tint sweetest and the most skeins
t ors
Ld* Gentlemen. the assurance of my af-
baitler). 2, (I " agonise."
• tv.se -

• : 0,•
-4,11 L PRESENT CRItilS.
r • la.•.
TO THIL
A review of the history of any two centuries does
net pretest to our minds a series of such remarka-
ble sad unprecedented events, as hays distinguished
oba last fourteen years ; we are now, in fa& only in
the midst of their completion—Who will now pre-
tend to dive into futurity, or dare to calculate the
avenue( the text ten years ? Whets two such great
and enlighiabeil men, as those we have lately lost,
fall sationpUtely wide in their predigions,respeting
,tb elitioliptedlns of the French. ftevoltstioo ; when
the erne who prophecied France to be blotted out of
the Map of Europe, yet afterwards found nothing but
France ; when the other, who prediaed that great
event to be the foundation of eternal liberty to man-
kind, sod afterwards Sale the nation, which gave
birth to it, sn^k into a worse state of slavery and
eye inny, than eFer she before experienced ; 1 say
when such enlighiened men as these are deceived,
',hat human being is there, who can pretend to di-
vine Ale future course of events? The result of the
battle of Jena leads me isle these • reflections.
Few supplied that the Provisos steroid ever be able
to resist the cowman rams of force opposed to
them—it seemed at kost:iroprobeWes—chat very im
probability led me to ground the vastest hopes on
their exertions; for all our probabilities have, for
the last twelve years, cz.mpletely failed.
We are not yet acquainted with the events
which have led to the disastrous issue ef • this eele•
bested battle ; hut I doubt not, the pnacipal capsc
will be found in the immense superiority of the
Freathiin point of numbers ; for the Prunians
elm yielded t 6 them in courage or in discipline.
The whole force of France was brought to one
point—the event has justified its propriety. kiwis
has now been galley of as great an error this year,
as Prussia committed last year. Why did not she
bring a hundred thousand men' into the field, and
thereby draw of the principal force of France from
