IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, WIDIVIVAT, JILT IT.
Their Lordships met at eleven o'clock.
A PPEA LS—JUDGMENTS.
Mamas as Et °rums Appellants; Tun EMU. Of
BRICADLLIIIBIIII, Itespoudeid.
This was 80 appeal from the Court of Session (Scotland).
Judgment of -the Court below affirmed.

EARL, Appellant ; Vies, Resprafent.
+lds was au appeal from the Corset of Session (Scotland).
Judgment of the Court below reversed.
AOKI*, Appellant; STUART, ReSpOltdinit.
This was an appeal from the Courkof Session (Scotland).
Judgment postponed to Friday next.w.
WIL,ON9 AMPeitißt; CHALIRIRR, Respondent.
This was as Appeal from the Court of Illosaiou (Scotland).
Judgment postponed to Friday next.
St& GIRARD Nona NOEL, BART. Appellant; ROMPORT.
' Respoadent. .
This was an Appeal from the Court of Chancery (Ireland).
Mr. Hart and Mr. Blake were beard fur the Respondent;
mid Mr. Blake, in the absence of the Attorney -G I, In
reply.—Judgment postponed.
At half-past three o'clock their Lordships adjourned dor-
jot pleasure.
The LORD CHANCELLOR resumed his mat on the
woolsack at ten naintites before nve o'clock.

Mr. Brogden, and other Members of the Boum of Corn•
moos, brosght up the Bill for renewing the Insurrection Act
(Ireland).
The Alehouse Liaising Bill was-read a third tithe and
passed.
• The Spirits Drawback (Scotland)' B•i(1 went through a
Committee, sod was reported without soy amendment.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY brought op the Report of
the Committee on the Annuities Memorial Bill.
Lord REDESDALE moved some settle, ameodments,
which were arced to.
_INSURRECTION ACT (IRELAND).
- - - - - - - -

,
On the isotiou of the Earl LIVERPOOL the above Bill
*as read a first time, and ordered to be read a second tire.
.on Friday tint, and that their Lordships should he smelt-
. mooned fo? that day.
JURIES BILL (SCOTLAtiID).
The Earl of LAUDERDALE moved that their Lord-
ships should resolve theinelves. into • Committee on the
above Bill. The Noble Earl said he wai of opiolos ail the
low of Seoffind was Is e state that called for some altera-
tion,but out tie the extent that the present RIII proposed.
The manner the Juries were appointed was highly objection.
able, as there was no right of challenge. He was of °pieties
that the Juries ought not to he selected at the discretion of
the Judges; the law might to be altered so far as theiudgee
ought to be tetniTy unconnected. He would therefore move
that insinrctioos should be given to the Committee to In-
Irodece • chyme, that the appointing of Juries is criminal
cues in Scotland should be assimilated to those of Juin in
civil caws in that country. He was convinced if the pre.
scot Bill was to pus into a law, they would have to emend
it next Sesiims. Fie would in the Committee also propose a
clause to amend the regulation for challengiug Jurors.
The Duke of MONTROSE was nut inclined to charge
the government, the church, or the law as it now stood ; no
inconvenience had been stated to bate occurred from the
present state hf the law, therefure, lie was uut willing to
change a practice which bad fasted so losg for a system of
them I.
'rite LORD CHANCELLOR was of opinion that their
Lordships ought uut to pass the Bill without they were eou-
Oared that the present system was along.
Viscount MELVILLE said, that the criminal law of
Scotland answered its purposes, which was proved by the
fewer number of eritninals tried in that country compared
with this; if they utemptid to after the law they would
alter that which ausweted every purpose, and which the pee.
pie of Scotland *ere •tharlted to. The criminal law of that
country, as it now stood, had the advantage over this, as far
as it concerned the accused party; for, fifteen days before his
trial, it was compulsory that he should be served with the
indictment, and the list of witnesses intended to be brought
against hiss.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE was In favour of the Bill
On the etressmetseace of the change of the la* In criminal
cues he founded the necessity for the present measure.
The Mareeis of BUTE supported the Bid.
The Bill then went thro.igh the Committee.
FINES IN WALES.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN, is the absence of a
Noble Friend of his, who had • few nights ago moved the
Haute for un Address to his Majesty, on the aubjeet of the
Inequality in the Saes levied in Wales and in England; now
expressed • wish to have the epistles of the Noble mad
Learned Lord on the subjeet.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, the hues Is question
were, till the tettienteat of the Civil List in the Ist year of
his lath Majesty, alive reserved to the Nisi himself; hot
aloes that period the vevrcue revolting froth that source had
bow-secnotiled for he the public. The questiesthes tams
to This—ls it part egshs Crown revenue, or belosgirg to the
reline ? thee Spigthe of the Attorney-General and his ow*
opiates *is, elide it Oa* pars of the public revenue ; but i•
either sale it Has Wanly clue that his Bajesty could do
nothing If the Misuse M re to- Whims hies os the subject.
With Nitro to the J s &leer in Wales, be could ant Sud
thu any thintinkre heel received than wee due, thous,/
froth its leis. graatad W private bidieidosle New, they
Med prolorhig Web shaepov after their Wanda than was
dote Enghleik, where was MailleCtO firth, patolie.
ifiarqswel LIIMIDOWN ise4 .fl the explasadea

.0. AS

.:
V.

of the Nohle nod Learned Lord, he thought be shoal& beet
consult the wisesa of bit Roble Friend by withdrawieg his
motion for an Address.
ASSACRE AT SCIO.
End GROSTE:OR tom. He said he trolled he should
lads* the Mouse to agree with him in the manner in which
he viewed theoubjeet sae which he wig about to address their
Lordehipe, God not only that, but also that be should iuduce
his Illajeety's Miabten to alter that line of policy which
they bad hotartutgately adopted. Their Lordship' had
hews occupied in diecusious us the distress of the
'fainted toterest in this country, and lu the unparelleled
distress of Ireland; they bad also bees occupied in
discussing the stile of that most dfsgraesful Italie,
the sieve trade, which so much to their Lordships homier,
after having abolished In Ibis country, they had been
endeavour*/ to put an stale is other parts of the world.
Re trusted their Lordships wooed nut thiuk it unworthy of
their dignity to consider the state of those unfortunate slaves,
whose wretched situation excited the greatest horror through-
out Europe. It was of no moment to inquire whether the war
which had arisen in Turkey, took placeboes sapuntaueoue
(easier the oppressed Greeks; whether it tees an involuntary
impels to shake off a most detestable system; or whether
Ypsilanti Ind beeu an agent of Russia in exciting it, ten •
view of ultimately turning the troubles to the benefit of that
tousle,. It was not his Intention to go into any matter of
that sort, but to sinner himself to the motion of which be '
had given notice. Their Lordships were aware of the abo-
minable criselthe committed by the Turks on the enfant'.
sate Greeks. As cowardice was ever allied to cruelty, they
bad perpetrated the barbarous massacre of the hostages
emillued at &kw, jest at. the moment when it was uuderetuod
there was nu longer apprehension of hostilities taking
piece with Russia. It had bee,, stated that the Minister
from England, aud the Moisten from other Powers, had
made • represeatatlos to the Porte, sod a pledge hod been
oblides] by the English Minister, that the cruelties which
were anticipated should not take place. The statement had
gut abroad and bad sot hest eoctradieted. He (Rail G.)
would not go the krigth of sleek that such a pledge bens
obtained and being broken was a just cause of war; but he
cuuteuded that it would gratify this country and every
moony in Europe, In withdrawlug from all communication
with such a detestable, soch a contaminated race. It would
justify the drawls, round Turkey • cordon sinftafrei, much
move than any circumstances existing in Spain could justify
that accursed tertian sanifalre, which, in big too-
acesaee, be believed was drawn round that country
under the Warne. of the rei-dirattt Holy Alliance, and
which he believed had occasioned the receut lamentable
events in Madrid. If Ministers maintained that this was
no eats of war, or withdrawing all commuoiestoro with
that detested race, they were al least boned sot to stew auy
partiality to them t yet there were strong grounds of sus.
picios that seek a partiality existed. Look at the Turkish
frigate which had been supplied in. the ports of this country
with provisions and warlike stores, and say whether that
was impartiality. Whatever fears nee& be entertained of
the views of Russia, as regarded Poland or the North Secs,
with regard to the Greeks be had no apprehension.,; but
whatever risk there might be from Russia, be would rather
incur it than see the Toils succeed, after their atrocious
cruelly to the Greeks. The Noble Lord concluded by
moving—That copies of all dispatches received from hie
Majesty'. Minister at Coossetiouple should be laid before
the House.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said, be should feel It his ditty
to oppose the motion, wbicb, if not absolutely without any
precedent, yet he was sore if any precedent existed, it could
cooly have been granted by the inadvertence of those whose
duty it was to oppose it, as the motion could not stand on
any ironed of prtaciple whatever. He was ready to admit
that where say fault of omission or commission existed in
the ease away Ambassador or ageut of the ClO.ll, It ytotdd,
If fairly stated, be • ironed fur a parliamentary itlitiry.
Bat see how the question stood : • great set of cruelty
and injustice had been committed by the Government of
Turkey whist their own subjects. Bat on what ground
could this country, as a matter of right, interfere be-
tween • foreign country and its ono subjects.? To what
extent would such a principle go if it were ever to be
admitted' Some persons might see in the events peeling
to Spain grounds for a motion, and the eveus which took
place in Fcapce would, according to that principle, have
called fur interference lung before this country was disposed
to become a party to the war against her. To make the
Case our own was the surest way of judging. Suppose there
were to break out au insurrection iu title country, which
should be put down by the Goiternment with great violence
mid cruelty, what would the House say if the Mioist f
France or Spain were to interfere between llteGovernment and
its own subj. eta! Doubts bed beeu entrrtaioed of the right of
foreign states to interfere at all in the internal affairs of other
countries ; be bad always held these were cases in which a fo-
reign country might so interfere, but that interference always
grew out of circumstances which affected the safety of the
country intsferiug. He did not mesa 1w say that If a
gees act of cruelty were apprehended, and • British Attr-
bateador, by the exertion of his persoual influence, sod
guided only by the feelings of humanity, could interfere to
tift•Cill it, that be was not balled upon to do it, but lot as
a matter of rick. If the Howse Dow interfered, it
would pretest the exertion of 011, sdcb inflame io
(Were, as it was grounded on no public law. The
Noble Lord bad alluded to the Slate Trade, but that
was not an iatcrferenee between sovereign sad subject, but
it was between independint states, and those which ought
to have been considered as independent sates, for over the
nations of Africa the states of Europe bed so right to ex-
ercise auy influence. At the peals we restored tinny Cu.
lonics which we had taken during the war, and with
respect to the Powers to whom that restitution was
made, we bad a right to annex conditions. This was
nut • question iu which he shotild feel it to be his duly
to enter into •ny discussion upuu the chaste betwreu
the Turks and the Greeks. - Undoubtedly seems bad taken
piece brieribte to humanity; but though in the trausactions
▪ Scio the Turks bad been the first to set the example of
these horrors, yet in other instances the example of such hor.
✓ure had been set by the Greeks, though, undoubtedly, that
wits no palliation of the horrors which were afterwards trans.
acted at Scio. The Noble Lord bad alluded to the cart
of the Turkish frigate, but be (Lord L.) contended that in
that respect we bad maintained the !Owl rigid impartiality.
The vessel in question came from the Pacba of Egypt (Lie.
fore the iusurrictioo is the Mores) to this cottage', putty
laden with merchandise, and partly lads with curiosities
fur the British Museum. Site brought these articles as •
merchant I, and was supplied with provisions which
were secessary for her, but wbeu she applied lan arms, that
was positively refused.
Lord HOLLAND said there was a precedent for his
Noble Friind's motion, which the Noble Earl himself had
furnished, during the discussion of the affairs of Naples,
when be laid on their table the correspoudence of Sir Wm.
A'Corset. The question which the Noble Lord (Gristle:nut)
had asked bad nut befit answered. He asked if it were true
that certain Greek hostages had been guaranteed, and after-
wards butchered? and he put it to the [Huse, whether, if **eh
were the case, they would not think that gunge measure task
to be taken, in consequeoce of the breach of that guarautee.
He certainly thought that no man who bad common feeling
but must feel great interest is the contest which woe going
on, not that he %Seised to intimate any opinion of what Stweifd
be the conduct of Great Britain lu the contest between the
Turks and the Greeks, but he wound say, that if there was
goy auspiciou that this country was partial to the cause of
those who held Dome of the fairest parts of the globe in the
most horrid slavery, it was incusbest ow ?digesters to re.
fete it.

The Earl of LIVERPOOL 'Md. be bad sot understood
the Noble Lord (Gros ) to have asked whether say
guarantee bad been germs by oar Ambassador for she safely
of the Greet homages, bat be had ma besilatioa In saylK
that no such guanine* ►ad ever beew gives.
The motion of Lord GROSVENOR was tiles negatived
without a dlyisitia.

GRAND JURIES PRESENTMINTS (IRELAND).
The Earl ef DONOUGH MORE expressed him apprebs-
ties of tbe principle of the Ball before their Lordships.
The emanner slaiet among had been *speeded osier she
Presestimerts of Good Jade, had bees Is the highest epee
elajectlesabls; Ist he shaman Ills IRS bed pse a Sae N.
far ; bad pared the Werke of severed pebite "Seers es
Gluey that be meth ilmsslsled whether eeieiaM sea WS to

(-4 t—'777"50011111111
\ ,
•N`rN'
•
'ls.-"" • s, • •
!sable lido to iterate the dont:Z.' 'Meat be wished, as tU
House had no aort of iafrermatio• 4111 the auhject, was that
the 818 should be postponed till the west Session. TVe
Noble Earl enuaterseed some of his abiectioas to the 11114
slid coaduded *soviet that it be read a third dine that
day three Montle..
Thu Fir I I
fiLtSINTOR supported the hill. Be
theuitta the salute, to the Clerks of Ilse Crows quite sigh.
dent.
The LORD dIANCELLOR sold that fro* the Natio
which he bad preseuted, be karat there were 'fiend caleero
whose interests wore tube disposed of by Ibis Bill, without
the parties iatriesied having hsd any autice. As Italie were
vested rights, La could oat ensure Wessell hom saying that
sorb wee not die way is which the Roane ought to legislate
on such I subject. If the Petition which he had presented
stated the facts correctly, some Clerks of the Crown paid
last year for assistance tourt money than the whole an;naat
of 'alert given by the Bill.
The Earl of LIMERICK agreed with the Koh', Esti
(Dunoughmore) tint the 818 bad pared the sal,nrs rs•brt
closely, bat so the Bill was but to operate till Ma,, ii lOW,
that might be aseredrd, whereas the, itijary would be very
Frost tf it veers fo go abroad that their Lordships bad re_.
pried the Bull.

~~~

- The Earl of LIVERPOOL approved the principle of v lir
Bill. . Every our agreed that it was ataessery to pet some
Ihsirt i6.tht discretionary powers of Grand Juries, bat as Ow
donde had certainly Sot bees euttciently attended to is lb.
present Bill, be was at some lost ea to the (mane' ha
should adopt. ir the venal Bill were to be rejected by
the House be would pledge himself to bring is aaother
at the commeucement of the seat Seesioa.
The ilasquis or LANSDOWN said be approved Om prin-
ciple of the Bill, sod nothing but the assormme or the Noble
Earl (Livrrpool)t that the subject should ettrant the early at—
tention of Government in the oral Seerioet could induce Meg
to agree to the mouloo of his Noble Mend.
The LORD CHANCELLOR eel/tallied.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said that if any ineworeoierice
were apprehended from rejecting the Bill, he should have tor
objectieti to a Resolution. of the House recogni2ing the

Lord REDESDALE objected to the NU parsing la the
total waut of information %MCP which the House were at
eseu g. _ _

After s few words from dm Earl of LIMERICK and Lord
HOLLAND—.

The stotiou of the ^•,arl of Dunougbeaor• wag carded
•ithont • division, and t►e Bill Consequently thrown out.
A conversation ensued PG the question whether the Citro-
n-stint day (Friday sent) was to be rottaidered as a holiday !
The LORI) CHANCELLOR said, Pathogen bad newtr
been sittiag cm that day during the 'Tile of his late Majesty.
but • precedent aright be sought fur is rise preceding reign..
[Theses:end reading of t►e Irish tosariection Act stasis
for Friday next, if h is to be considered as • day at
business.)
On the motion of Viscount RID:ROUTH, the Prisons Re-
gulation Bill was read • second time, and committed her
Friday next.
