CAN BRIDGESHIR E.

This de) is puliliated, in quarto, with • new Nap of the
County, Goon • tripooooweir.ral Sarre, by Dr. Ml4Oll, 4
corrected Plea of Cambridca, and thirty-one tither En.
graving'', several of ehicb serve to valiant a series ad's
Myles of Gothic Arebilectore of different Centerice, price
s is hoards, a few Copies us ruper,coyal rite; with
arse inspreanows of the plates, pare el. 10.. in bawds, tbs
Tint Part of the Ilecond Volume "curtaining Casibridge-
shire; of
AGNA BRITANNIA; being a Concise
:V1 Topogropkical beconst of the several Counties of
Great Britain.

II) the Rev. DANIEL LYSOMI, A.M. P.R S F A and L 4.
Rector of Rorlatertott' Gloscr.terthire,
Aed SAMI'tL LYSONS, Fag F.R S sad FA S
Keeper Rio Majesty, Recorria fa the Tower of Lo.l.re.
Printed for T. Cotten sad W. Doris., Straerd. Of whoa,
voey br hod, the FIRST VOL( ME; mutation Bedford-
shire, Meritohare, sad Socksaghagoeltire.
. . . —

••• The liecuad Plat of Se Second Irslame, costsisiug
Cheshire, is swap ha tbe press, sad will be pabliebed
the pripest year; the Third Part, co/liaising Carsaall, is
likewise is • stubs of cransidarable I.cwrirdoess ; sad la fate,.
each wousty will be pablolied iwparatel), with all pasitics.
ble dispatch
As •iiime is also pablished, Part the ietwd, soataisiai
Mae Ifiew• a Cambridgeshire. of
BRITAXNI A DLPICTA ; • Series of Picas of the await
interestisg and p:unrempie ollOrts is Glom Britsm, en.
paired from Unwrap by Messrs Fiwisation, Hearse, South,
Tamer, Aleamadas, he pries ii. is. • few sets ot hoofs,
price el. a.

. -
..• Two abase Wurkr, which illustrate each caber, any
Ire bad. dace op ttret her. and the reettirmart:on of cat b will
br putaastic.l reeut;rl% at the rime pet lode, arrouted IN the
SaOlt 111121111ef, sail p, wed Ia pspevs 4f eartusporailutg use
sad toddy.

-.1- 1 r-s• -I
44 I.A 16
;:; " C. .:::: ::....,.. /•." . tr. • . •
G ....:: ;
' ,'
4-) 4.•:.....::,
~.• jr4i

tilE $ tit

This dar a pablighed, stegaistly priated u4rhs4 'tse .:s•
Issards,
TIE CRUSADEP.S; or, !be Minerals
Acre. A Pon& in Sit ': • Was.
PtiAttid fur T. Cadell :aid Luvies, . ..d.

Thn day is pattiVsbet, airmail. Irmo.. a.. s. aas.
(bean a oew Edition, sawed sad -ioosid•robty oat • rated,
of the 'bre, v,k. sleindy peWsoad, aisle a tiositti tul. Er.
tir.ly new,) prise fl as so !s,
1111ST,,KY F, , the
1 earliest 7tetorfifs•A' lb, ihes.'s 1.1 flip, Rias stl
hiseedoilia. ay WILLIAM I.TFCBIi, Esq.
Printrd fer..Ceuelt art: K, Imitirs, Shawl.
••• The Foie& Vahaae lady bad sqoaril.:, to r.on-
plese pOr ...s.; us i.ioy also • f.w
saissaiuing eiro. 4 ire romwr Editiou of tl,r hod folissat.
Asobore may be %W. by tiir4.4o, Author,
As IN 911.1.111 C I• 40 Abe PEIACIt'!IN of 1.1.111:1011Y
hytANGUAGE, Ferond lid.rios, Imo. 7s at.

• •- -
IIY alt 1111INSION, TO HER MA. LS TY.
This day is publialmd. elegantly printed. in three I. Vo-
lumes, Imperial sro. and illaarratod with te•
designed and engraved by Mr. William D 112011.1. mire
61. Zia. in oars Wards; alm. in Deasy Octavo, price
3s. ire. 6.1 is eats beards,
rffOf)GRAPHV; or, The Beauties of Nature
displayed; is seltur Descriptions Glom the Animal mil
Vegeta:de, ith additions froui the Miscral Kingdom, ape
tematkaily arrenged
By W. WOOD,
Printed 6.r T C. d.ll ord W. D .vies, Strand.

MS day ts poichatted, prints 1 in one very large
volume, 410. pose 11 iioadda,
TNIVEMAL /310tiltA1'fiY; containing a
11.) copious Account. critical sad biatarlcal, of llataLits
and Character, Amara and Actions, of Eminent P
In all ages and anoint-ten, conditions and pradrasonas an=
in alphabetical orticr

By J. I PAPRIERE, D.H.
!rested far T. idell sed W. !solo, Attend.
•.* As ABRIDG3I ENT, for the L'se of deinotis and ef
Young Persons, is now in the mess, and will shindy be
palpitated, io Gee tutelar, Ivo.
As shove may also be bad, by lb. sante Author,
A CIASSICAL DICTIONAR: r roarsiunig • clear Sad
eonspeeitemset Aseoeat of a. the proper manes •kuli occur
in roadie( the Classics; haiidsomely Fruited i. ow' &ergs
4tu price al. s. iu !maids Ale. • mmit Edition,
twine !Ins sixh, iir the Abridgment of the Callmeal
airy, in out larze volume, see. piritil 136 Oil. 6004
---- This day are pabitshed, is Teo Vols. Octave, prior $, in
boards,
y ECTURES on the foie last nosibe of the
J 1 PENTATEUCH, designed in thew the Dives, Height
of the Jewish Relights, chiefly from iate.vl mime, la
Three Poeta The autkeetfeity sn4 sYsith'ild the Hider,.
2. The Tbeolog:eal, Monet, and Polit-est Prinetpirs of :he
Jewish LAW 3. A Hortew of Onjiesi dedy.rid is the
Chem, of Trinity College, Hoehn, at the r 7rtum esta-
blished by the Provost and Felluus, uuder the wilt of 3n.
Auwa Dintoella•

By the Rey. RICHARD GRAVES, D.ll N R I.A.
Senior Frlkm of 'frisky Collet*. Dentin; Cissp!sio
to his Greet tke Doke of Rtehm•Jed, Lot 41-11eistrwail of
levies)/

T. Cried awl W.

This day are peblinheal„ aliens* panted, a Packet
Volume, with • Pustrait of Mr Boyle, after Faiths:woe,
pi ice tic. in boards, •
r i .11F. Hou. ROBE KT BOYLE'S QCCAS4
1. UN AI. REF 1.1171 101411; auh a Preface, at.
By JOHN 'VEY LAND, Jun. Esq.
Published fee the Reheat of .4 The Coyote fur theCeici.
smite sad Religious. Inetrectien aed Salecador of the
Negro Slaves is the llntisla West India Isla .ds sod ire.
peretiasioe, to the Lard Blesluia of Lessese, Pre.
ardent .(that &Niel.
Printed far T. Cada ea.! W D 1,1416, &rand ; bold she ley
J. Reichard, Piccadilly ; and J. parker, at Oxford.

This day is pabliabed, inie large rot ova price". ia
boards, • new eilatius, being tie third, of
SERMONS. ciueey &wiped to elucidate some
of dar leastiag Doctrine, of the Gospel.
Dy ibis ter..-EDWARD COOPER,
lector d Hasstal Eidson; ta the amity of Stafford;
Chaplaio to *Le Eight Hos. the Earl of Cooauou ; arid
late Fellow of • II s.r. Collage. Oshard.
Pristed far T. Cadall and Dams. St rand.
Of shoo way be
Secead had, a las *Timmiseid Capita of the
Volume at dis knew Betties, rids se. Also, hy
tba sans Author, • Sumas rosebud at Widest, at the Arai-
dasesca's Vista*" is Semi, leo% riot L.

This day to poliii•be< hoodoos,* prints. la_ *Mo siut
ithistroted by army accurate Map of North Ibliabs, do,
British sad Banta. Times, aid other llogiaohsgo, price
31. as. is hoards, sad • Is. Capita as Isoporial Raper,
Pries al. 14s. 03d. VIAOLII4II the First, of
el ALE DON IA ; or, Au AN:timid, IttAntical and
Toyetribphic, of North Brit tin, freis tic mu.. ',rico
to the promo 7 imps With • Dictionary of Places, ami-
rvgraptucal sad Philological (tU be completed in lust Ye-

By GEORGE CHALMERS. F RS. sad S A.
Printed for T. Cafell end W. Device, &tread i mod A.
Catititattle end Co at Ediabaseh.
Iha Volume et divided into fuer periods. &Kik I. ameoloo
so Arrest.% of the Aborigines thtir Musioess. NIA
Al3l9Ultiel, Will, the &SIM% Trannittor., trom the Iselsion
.• 4cr.cvla, itt A.D. ao, to their Abdirat ea, is. 446. Book 11.
eouttius the Htetur, of the Piet., the Romani/pi'. Britons,
the &extras, zed tlie Scots. front A B. 440, ha be . Beak 111.
CEMlplchiro44 tke Watery of the Picts sod Seeds f
Cumbria, h.. attic.- G altos ay, and Ilia from A I)
Na u me. With the Ecclesiastical History; Laos, Man-
ners. Customs,. Antiquities, Loarniag sad Language, of this
period. Hook IV. oestaio so Arcollat of the ammo Sawa
Coketisatioa, & History of the Caked Linclu, • of Scotism',
Ras A.D t 097 to 13(4, -•itla the Ecclestastical History,
Is., Mangers, Coareerce, Shipping, sad Arias:ton, during
ibis pe.;u4 not Tolalue is conrlailed b) Nur &orbit'
Thews asedeiego•at Times, down to the pr.leat

GENUINE AND IMPRIWED EDITION OF !Ilk.
DOMESTIC M E DIU F:
Tbis day la pulthobed, M Ose large Vilmige, Ort.t.o, rite
Is.. 6d bourn, a New Edition ~beieg the Torniti. th
with considerable layeurearents and Adrian's', by the
Author, of
J)OMESTIC MEDICINE; or, A Tfritis. on
the Prevention sod Care ef Diseases, by R.Rim•n sad
simnk'tsdreiass; with Obt-twatleee teacerniax Se,Barls-
tug. sot as the Ulle oft In Mineral Meters. Tu which nor
setrxd, a Dispensatory few the un of Frown Practitioners.
ly II :LUAU it*CliAN, NI D.
Fellow of the Renal Collects of Pio en:3ns, Ediersirgli.
••• Thu a the wary Mire whirls evnte•im rill Ore AU-
THOR', latest Corrections and laprore.ireutt taw it in.
clerks, aken cotencratik add. t ”ris try ►is son.
Painted fro T. (.dell sad i 1 Esti ; J Jalsruas J.
end J. Richardson; F. C sad J. Rivirigt..l ;
and Mutts; Lackiactet, Alk • rs,Ar "earlsr rd
st.• Letters: us ; Dorton tad Honey; w yrl, r;
tuna, Hunt, Ron, tad Urn.. . II
said a Plollipa, Lenders: •nd far W. Cs 1., •t • (lir Neigh.
Of as.., be ;wt. by tbr same A.• .tD►lrE
10 ,44011 i lite '4 ILII.I/4 T abett Li EAU! ,
awl u., 1L• ursn..l rro'..t Klb 1.4 on h. •1•...btb4
beauty.' liar. uesqsrstg, I 5.4 lore. 1.0 is Lends.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

STATE PAPERS

Pt/SLIMED IN TILE MONITEEK AR THE uucumtnrs
ACCOMPANYING THE Al'l'EsAl;►N OF JO►LPH MG.
HAFARTN TO THE THRONE OF SPAIN•

AIITHIF.SS OF THE SUPREME JUNTA OF THE
GOVERNMENT I'O HIS M,UESTY THE EM PE.
ItOlt .11N 0 KING.
o Those who at critical and difficult periods are placed
nearest the Got remuent, and who base at all tunes IfolsColl
themselves to he goad sod faithful stetjects, eau and ourht
to avow their seutitucnts ales the welfare of time cosuiry
requires it.
" rancho:ell that the condition of SAM and all its con-
cerns demand the closest count elites With that 'whitest
system of the empire which your' Majesty gllVCfillic With S.)
tassels glory, we consider that the greatest proof of kaolin sit
to taw Spanish 'sellout %stitch our Sovertigua ever gave, is
their has imt. hued their last detcrutiontion on au immoveable
basis, and eiintirsioil by a loug scrub of pulltbmt struts.
" 0 that there were no lirellet • This was the constant
with of good Spaniards; because there could be nu Pyre-
nees, attentive the wants of each should lw the same, when
...toroth-nee should be retained asul each of the two
nations have i•reivt 4, to it.. SUM degree, the sespect due to
their Milt remove,. soil a orth.
" The toerat which yet separates us frma this happy
w
moment cannot now lw long. Your Imperial Ilaiesty, who
foresees troy thing, sail entente* them still more swiftly,
leas fllt,:elt for the Provisional Gorerionseut of Spain, a
Prince edacitted for the art of to the great school
of roar Hairety. He has succeeded lit stilling the 'mildest
Storing by the modrratimi and aisslous ut Lis ineasares.—
What have wa nut, therefore, to hope from his deeds, now
that ail I”Mards unite to devote to I that whittration to
whirls he has so many claim, end 11614( hue la those labours
which he applies for our service
° The Spanish Ifuaateby shall reettme the rink -.hies be-
longs to it among the Neaten oaf Entopr, 13.4 SOURS% It it
wafted by a sew tinnily rampart m its neutral ally, ohmic
peter is so great. Whoever the- Prime may Ire, alums your
!tfiljasty destines Tor es, Omani ft ttttt among yam Masts. ttttt s
featly, he will plena that securit) we so much aced ; lost
Spans ma tole a pe Which weir of the other countries con-
nected with your Majesty ran dispute.
" The Spaaish Throtw rises to inciter Wight. The eon-
onpmnees mating from its relation's to 1111111 Ce are Of 40 im-
portance ronmenterate with the exteut of its slums
It scrum, therefor., that the 'Throne Awn' ealts Sir your Ma-
jesty's eldest brother to govern it. On the utlier lode, it is a
happy presage iii it this erraogetnent, %huh lir tore has 'OA.
iiTIU,II, w ~it correspumh. wit\ the motion tits oi revcreorc
and admiration with a :104 the actions tilia Prince auil the
wisdom of his Cos...rotund had ir.spirsel us.
" The (Mooed of Castile, whom• wisdom commanded their
fik hat all the support ta these principles si Web stood in their
power, unites with the wish of the Sopi me loiter
" May I Ord grant pi olwrity to you' laps real sod Hoyle'
lraj.att '
" Mirlesil, May 131 WO."

LETTER 1'RO:t1 Hit EMINENCE TIM CARDINAL
ARCHBISHOP OE 701.EL.0 TO HIS 51.Ut61r
TIII .F.MPI'IIOR AND KING.
" The ril,ignation of tltespau'ah COMO, which has been
made by !sing ( linirs IT. toy illustrious Sao-civic°, and Cie
Gusfirmati.ot of the same by their Royal 1141riessea thal
Prince of \Angus, and the lufauts Pon Carlin ae4 Don An-
toio, impose upon tor, seem:ding tot:4l4'a will, the plyusing
411‘ obligatiou of laying at thy fat of your Imperial and Royal
hlayestr tic as-u+ incept my homage, fidelity, sad reverence,
Ma V r,uf and Royal Alajeay be viciously plea,ed
to 7.•v1. upira me as *as of your most &Atte? subjects, and
instruct me von-erasing your high purposes, that I may lw•
furnolteil with the mesas of manifesting my ecfrigusd and

t~ glum autaahmatun. •
" May (isal prst.erva tiolt Impart:Al aid 1111.1.31 Majesty
asamr s. our tbr rewrite of amuck toad State :
" Tabs.lu, May ag, mos.-

11".0( LANATION
GovtawmSrE Of ThE FREMS JrNTA OF
NT.

't Sr • I Alm", !—The preme ,Ittnt •of Cot erontent
...hit+ at pvtaallt tonwst. of pet rori of the %ugliest authority
la the natter, aitietteets FILM, to itt3pei the calor., *hit b male-
volence and v;nuranee are eadestreutht to illeilletritt and to
Volpagate among %nn fatal errors.' wls.ch tutxtat utter
them torah utaltle mu* ry, Aid out the Suprrnte Gore: sonrot
baritrn to annihilate them at the moment ea thee birth. The
Junta tiara Motel itieif, that thoba wbo at a:l meet, and on
all weensitata, hare broken:4 with era cheer to the e,ue*
of
their attperiora, will evince to tete anteartf.tut et a motartit
when It .lereuel• nu them, either fur errr to Inure th, ar hop.
to trotting it.elt the chief pot. of the state; 4X to
vo t l.c flow Ida! their own maul ry. ) trlthiatß to t leiltottro
anti tontinotioeto, into *bleb the eternal eimhaita of the foots
rut prosperity of the Spaotoh uattos are itotbearoorilig to

plunge them.
o At the v. ry moment when !Irma, a toast's' an greatly
favonnel br *Mare, bait exhaested, and de- .
Mused, before the errs of all kotreitt, le the defects and ems.
vole of Or eon C....crown e.t. had as rieed at the punt of a
"VIVI.' :...isihrlation—w heir the rfT) "reltoril sheet. 104,1tt
have Neu employed to revive bet ashamed strewed' wools'
only hal sta.:4d to iacrease her suffering, and to plunge Isar
into fresh calantitins--when, in hoe, all hope was evtineu:sh-
cd, Providence has grantiil us the means not duly of riereutaig
OUT CoUlttry from ci dabs torn, but also of Citron her to 413
%eight Ili happiness and spindour. %girl+ she lies never yet
attaineri tyro iu the ni.:st 110 t onus pernsas of lice hist nry.
en, of thy", politreal revolutiosis, w loth astalash only those
who alter egotil the es, tits by which 'ley have hero prepared,
the Douse it Bourbon, after hsvn.i not the otter torwees
hlch it possessed in Ciool.r, reintit .1 that of S-,tetn, list only
War Oil 14 heab it re tootr.O a eat. Atter baron' brought tiro
ration to the brink of ruin, deprived of the support hitherto
granted hy the mitotic in; bran( hes of their faord4, sod unehie
to preserve the countries w hails kart fartnerly meted thins
with Frame ; the Duarboass forged it imposerdsle to keep a
mat which all the changes that have ueciarred in the system
of politics, compelled. them to quit. Tole moot pew. aid,
Print* in Ester Las areepted the migraines. of the Sow-
bons, sot to incorporate your territory in ha meet ad) so ex-
tensive imperial d ttttt hut to establish the Spanish Mn.
patchy on remostrd ptiocaples, to be sabserviert t.. his ir-
seiible power. to the end that he may tote...bow sdi the Sa-
lutary refining wh:ch we have no lune (rattle Psi y paned for..,
It ta *oh this purpose that he has summon 41 vowel his
Serene Person the Deputies otter ideas and prsvi.icier, sea
brunicipal i',.4poratione of the •1 ite, in order lo cousett on the
fundamental laws etnelr mai scree to wrote the letertallre
power and the alb-Fiance et the seePser IV 44,1 nears tie
crown oft:pais uptrai the- head of a brave and uoli.e-wooded
ponce, who, by the geratlenies of his diernotrue, coil suc-
ceed in aviation all hearts lie lain display remoree•
Ito other will hoc in Ins power, and will soon es-blare Spate
is that .tatioe frOUI relabels she has wily mil thrones the
vrealower of the pnuces sho bust hither to rostra...4 her.—
In lut,*4-54e4 that ler, the 161 uof felicitj there
should be found perwmts, too, nimble to mpg.. two. Lb. loft,
&rainy which awaits as, and s.. OM t r.f int humus. PUrtor
erf true Spaniards, sad Upright fiends of their cuuld.!,. 'Gould
'Shoat to mislead you, and .Ib3JJ9II you to ail the heltroes
Mf
rlyd s sr, at the very alourent soh n the hero, who most
Ise the object of our daily birssitat, sad the itritOiratu.4
vi follea log age%h atttUrthet beeied in carrying jai.)
(Weft the mojects bt bas &caned foe the ftheity Spar..
It rertatuly taid not breve/X. the Juitot to apprabtrud :•-at
a coma. Gosa Spaniards, so retainable for ttbir lose of tura
euuntri Red sal they are fru red to be tafeetairrk that some
have beleit Carta a aw a, ray au ill-undinoood rent, and a tot,
taker CoUletear....- at..l alkri.irce : that mbar is have tour
• brought to doubt l'4:1• serene; the .eat interests of th-ir
try mad Ewe than all thaw. that the sera, t machine ouie
ef • people, by antent of the tetiteta at.
bees employed to ectlacr a part of the good people .1 some
ttf the plot irscre. etNa the of edition And retwthn.
brave Spaniards ! will you seder loorieb es to be eirt.t.ed
th t'.4 Cr :a Redolent revue let • ' yO5l he the ..f
411. is arateurtarr cereal a Shall the smierosity your tie t-
ins it bused, to dense you, your Cu tam a., and vour fano,.
Lae What cud .h, the aeaeltel's to ilso:der sad
Staatata a prismai. to thatiasettea Is it the reauseat.en

your ancieol ?risen l They tore Upend the frontiers of
lion& • *Chat have they to expect truon your powerless
carts! Will yon *feud the. hies on n hich your littopi-
nW. &pride . Why then do yr 1,1...ur to aunihilate the.
li ! Ds the other hand, are sot nee.usures slow Wits" to
restore to the nation the possessiou of its ancient 'therm s,
alla it. riotttlye CUfit.Ull—••• 6:114:11y which hut a few days
since uo our tined hare hoped fir ! What es it thou you ex.
pact, ye misled iiiltabituut4 sit the province is ? 11111 you draw
du, 0 upuu yuurselrew all the horrors of roar, to ace your
fiddle ravaged, your cities bend, your dwellings laid deou-
lute ? Do you think that the disorderly r, hellion of a ',co-
oly, brave, hut inyxperienced, a ithout Georrals, without
finances, without tual,saines, without pruvisiows, without
militia", supplica, can maiutuist • conflict against +midis....
Mewed to war, and grown old in the habit of consittering ::
The Junta still flatter themselves teat vow will weigh the
fatal consequences is hia all infallibly result Prow your first
prceedue4s, should siolospioily a foolish' olutionsey preV,iit
your specinly returusin4 to the paths of uloeslieuee 3111.1 pa-
trtataaat, shah a marmot of demist liaa made you abandon.
la order to foal, lure you, that it is the-or bole d- ore to en-
-I.4litin our fuelionesit, and "tattle you to perceive that One
liter, their President, and the Erpror of the Freuch, iis
whose hamis our fate .s oticed, have sou other unicet thou
your felicity ; the lout.. w oil brine to your know leelv the oto-
Alta of the uer. S-overyiAti also comes to reigu OVer US.—
ii ar and judge
" 'I he Calks, the ancient securities of oar rights and
1 iwivilegcs, shall be restores!, w nth inure purer* and under •
better Nun then has fur • long time takeu place They
shall be rutivemi terry three yarn at haul, and ionic fre-
quently wbeu the waists of the nation shall require their

wi.
rehair
" The tumult expenditure of the Royal Family shall be
Mord. The sous assigned out of the ltoyal Trersetry shalt
lie liable to no lien use ; it shnll he less than uue-halt
ul
whit has billies to been issued for that piirmise.
" The Catholic wen-whip shall be exclusively established in
Spain. tither shall be tolerated
"tinnily, the Junta of the Government lien strong Era-
sans to hope, that the permnal coutribution in iiiipport of
the present war adl he considerably diminished, in cause-
termer of the improvements which the new boverittneut
is annul to intioduce„ and of tin preurut political state of
Europe, u Web requires the most streutiows exertows in sup.
sous t of the increase ef the marine, and Aunts of a d tttt
isu-
Inia of the land force.
" A erwlual improvement shall take place its emery depart-
meat of the bounces; credit shall be timeersully reaturcd,
the national dint fixed, and in a few years discharged. The
administration of jostler shall he suojett to isivariable rules.
awl the superior pow( r shall not interrupt its Cuomo
Colt nn• alma he encouraged. New life shalt be given to rem-
tame ar.rl Milo:try. The military and .IAVAI force shall have
their anenn,e splendour. All income whirls cam smote the 6.-
licity of the pc. site shall be alik.e employ, il.
Jeedc.e tam alis•iter ti he y.ong inter, at to tr.l,e up inns,
is ur-ler
.aimaseives to annihilate that, whisk it to estl:.;:-.le
your felicity sail that of your children awl desccuilaota ; aid
whether they see fine Spaiusrds, and eau be frirueis tit their
country, situ etadeavuar to spread was; you the tun ist se-
dition.
" Such, Spaniards, is the destiny which/ waits you, if yea
will inaiataiu pelice and order ammo; yourselves ; if you cor-
dially unite yuurseli es with your Gammas:id and your Meal
issagestmcits. If allot yon Ire &amide.' uy the desire to set
well, you are shoat to meiotic happy ; hut if you iimricel the
salstary *motel s Inch the Janta of the 4:uveciiincile COWS
you, then froy the just resentment of a Monarch, aho an
revere in aireogialr a useless sod Wad titanium.., as he is go.
serous mod gawk to forgive a sadiku burst of error. Are you
irriscant that already nonierum Erruch armies are within the
Spanish teiritary Do you kaua that other :winos, as ass-
gallons, spri mule your frontiers The pros incr. w hick. do
0.11 instantly refute to thew duty, shall be immediately 'reset
by French troops, and treated with all the severity ui
lea.ry The Lieutenant-General d tbe Knigilom lota al-
ready tssw d commands that several divisions shall advance
to immesh the milli ; but the Jain& of Government have
desirous to C olinraw those pecreutets, im a lath dm-
Prtitn halm bees coinsutteri. from inevitable dopier. Fr/
them they have implored ; they have efferent, is their ester,
that they will recoaaite their errors, mod retina sosrdse
His losperml sad Royal Ilialmoss lust gneciumly beamed to
both; he tins sat,wisiled tie puniainsent of the godly. at
vengeance will he dr.sdfral, if time treacherous instigators of
the malevolent ham mow power over the meson Spaniards
than the paternal twice of their :11mietrater, thew MIaiIMINIII4
• sail all the civil and noilitary authorities.
" Madrid, Jour j 1.65."
lAierifullow the signatures

ADDRESS OF TIIE DEPUTIES TO TIIE GENERAL
EXTRAORDINARY JUNS'A.
' flet.we nib threw t A ena—woerpr Cot: wreWslee ! ! !
Tour families, your See-sales, year foetuses, suit yore: pro-
perty, am as dear sod precious to es as oar own ; and we wish
you were all here before ea, that yea might he assort-del it.
es !Ye have been as faithful and as attached to soar amain
dyassty as yottnelres, till Lhetoe Provideure, which dis-
poses of thrones and sceptres, had taxed the /verbal of its
duratiOu. The greatest States Neon\ us with a thousand
instances of the infoilte power of Providence; and the li,a-
tory of use was reentry affords of small timulaer of these
instances.
" An irrtaistible duty, and an (Mimi as sacred as ear owe
felica±, have caused a to abandon our wan hearths, and
I On us to the ineineibk Emperor of the French. We
routers it: the couteniplation of his splendour and poser
may have made a strong impression upon es, but we came
with the dater iced resolution to make our maimed efforts
in behalf of s Monarchy allow prosperity la neetwarity cell-
meted with one own. Hot how greed was ear surprise,
when His Imperial and Royal Majesty aaticipabiel oar mili-
etude by maniestations of benevolence tad affability,
whir+ excited the mom astonishtuent the greater hes poser
is. U. h.... nu other desire than our welfare sad prosily. ity,
is Irving us a SJVCIA: ig a to seign over at • it is his illustrious
hestts.r, Joseph, wheae virtues are the alanratiou of lies sub-
, jects : en wearying himself in the meliorative aerie assent
haws, .i.i4 the corr. ctn.& of their imperfectame ; this is (bolo
that oat may live accaveliag to the laws ofjutioe said equity ;
where he desires that oar tisanes should mei..• a new
emanieatioa ; this is to render oar aavat sad military force
poscrfui sod dreadful to our enemies, by avoidiug sit so-
p...rduieis ta•st...n. hy • wise Adiamistration, he is re-
....rno to eorrect abyss*, to strive iiational inkistry, by re-
movatj; all the iturtanaseum which lie in the
-way of coat-
sOrcre, and to icEss• us, L.s far as is is-Ell poaer, from all
t'...ne oppcess.nes whub ham iirsailialated eu: apiculture,
sad all our scares et enteretse.
" I Malty, kusuwiug the opci,ghturss of your character, and
you attachment to the 'cushy of (hod, he will oat oppose
your scligmite real. He assures you that you shall ratans,-
even ea soar aecest irs. yam h.ty t anlruhe religion, and that
the same shah maven., ars at the piesest period, the sole sad
....1: ,:,...idiag cliercia au dm oh .le kingdom. And what is
the re• ,r.l which the ..", n.,; rr, ti the Free, i dcmands
41:1414 t ircumet mar. c a.. 411.10Thelli 0411 talkie tuitions as the ac'
. . .1 hats ..i should live in repose ; that you slonild
.
pe,....1.1 for your bums boo:6 sod families; that yea shou..d
nut 1......uPy abaadon )our.. hes to the fatal desolations which
see iosepciahlc from r.s.s:oort and rebeltme ; tbat yeti
should used, with peaceful coatintence,.the melioration of
roar-la.a. and fortune*. which you may hope for flown the
...it... romeut of a airway* Monarch—which paternal care
-Asti tr.ap—shiiii Is inseparatile from its braiguity, and of
tilii.rUisa ,cheats hate .sperienced the edicts.
" npusieucts ' worthy 4 a belts. fate, avid the dreadful
anarchy whith threatens you; think up •u youis.-ima, roar
faiaiera,aud your children. What pivot s ili you draw ?ram
di,. u5,....0s I. oohed 5!. ntakrid•ncr ' Yr, el: • are ',Hunt,
a:.l peur.fudy enprr the property whisk y.•or fors. pee.
04 reed thrkigh the industry ..r public semi,: .•1 sou, nixes-
toni—low. st ...:.scultui Oils, who k,NIIV i h.' 11. I its
comforts—laborious mechanics, who 31, harp,.
nrc•ridss, var....shaded by al. that is diem t.. ±....—.a..netrioos
1-or. heats 5..il manor...tams, who ilea to . c'...: ' the p....-
Yill r of sour tallest., and 4 coraini)--citar -. i,i ~ii thaw..
l :.lire in repose with a I...alcrotr, but ,utFc.eut iii.......ae,
~,, ti •.e ...se to a 1 C6111:11 131140011( iOl 1ii..:41 0:,....tiat am

ah! r 5 5•511•Vr11150111 r:unireir.tfr
i ha' siraird by 0.55.5 r non 10 ails- oft'. r on
r,r•l 10 C tat lueit Itt• Mout. . t 410)oti
40pr I : Cat,vrrh ,Tre. t .34'r r.. 5 V. ..41 TllO
;Litt. r C; r, 5/111". can ut.S.r

el.rtneal fr

•1

disobedient to the powers which ',retry ewer you, and make
you shake off She aidatary yoke of the lasts! Aaarelly is the
greatest scourge srhi. h Crud can ialloct opus a people t while
it prevails, it lumens, consuiewi, and annihilates
w.ry thing, mid the best are commonly its moot certain vic-
tims. The sigh: cannot mach to the bottom silliest calamities
and biomes any more %bait to the shorts of ibis sea of misery.
" Happy are ye. that ye know nut the horrors of civil war.
Spain has tong beer freed from this horror. Yet iu spite of
the period which is elapsed, she I. nut yet recovered front
the calamities objets, during the first years of that ego, she
'adored. hy arc they nu longer living she were witnesses
of it, that their experience might Serie to protect pun
against it ? Yon will iuvite and being them upon you, if
you do nut give as hearing to the voice ut the Goverument,
and Isles to our brotherly Aunseic Alt, how can you utter
tray maistauge to the mighty force which will be brought
against you!
" No man doubts Spanish valour: we know that you arc
able to attempt great things, to bid detiauce to daugtrs ;
but without resources, discipline, and concord, all tin Sc at-
tempts isueld be rain. The . moat uumetous armiutilita of
people are scattered before a disciplined army, like clouds
before the gentlest wind.
" No, du nut flatter yourselves that you will gain by !Ml-
flict—yt,u are unequal, it Rot iu bravery, at least in nosiurces
—You must yield at last, and then all will be teat. rte rim-
not dissemble this. The prusperity of the mote ettspends
oleos spas the uuanimitv aid the uprightta,s with which
we all cordially unite with the new Goverunicut, and co-ope-
rate with it in the nielioratieue which it is preparing for the
benefit of our cuuntry.
" We MI isdeed fallen into a very. hapless condition; and
what else has lirimedit us into this condition but the obeli-
nate, unfeeling, suit inmost Government, under which we have
lived these twilit), years? IVltut ecomios fOr
behave sabutissivity, suit each for himself to contribute to
the Imittaizatont of the new tloverniacio, upuu principles
which cannot be shaken, which may mese, we the freedom.
the rights, end the property of each itulividual. This is
what the inviucilde Napuleoa requires, who is employed is
providing for our relic:4ol%hr, will dement well of unr country,
and wain from posterity the appellation of its Restorer. Let
us place no nopedimeot in the way of this regeneration, our
of the great good which w ill raise Coin our close uuiuu w hit
our mighty Ally.
Seth are the feelings which his Highness the Limiter-
ant-Colon-11 of the haugdom, the Junta, the Council vi'
testae —a inch the siii4viiie power of the nation have moire-
vowed to impress, mid these are also those with w loth we
wish to ore yea penetrated, that, returning to peace and
toile., son may await every tOieig bout the mighty and toile-
tte...a bawl upon ertiiat wv all depend.
" May 'leave.' ;raw that this 'name remonstrance, sug-
gested to its by the purest patriotism' Wily have the salutary
rtfeet of repressing the dosirus of the rebellious, who labour
to incite you to disorder, mud ut eatablobaug, Istocolorth,
pwatc :Lod coutideuce 1111WDS you "

mit, JUNE i 6.

From Italy we leant, that his Excellency Marshal
Dame, Grand Marshal of the Palace, has received
the title of Duke of Frioul.
'Fhe derarture of K ay, Charles and Quern Ma-
ria frivol Foot:6,4onm to Compeigne has been ,le-
ferred several dap,. liis ?Ilajests is in truod health,
plays music everydav , and often hunts.
Prince Lafrakin, ehunahrriaiti of his Majesty the
Emperor of Russia, is arrived at Paris.
Crofts% Ointinot is gone to Plornbieres, to take
the waters for the recovery of his-11081th.

VZNICS. MAT 30.

The Admire!, Collingwood, who about
tfib Itkon'ithei since left the Archipelago. has return-
ed thither with a putt of his fleet ; thi. other part,
under the command of hniral Thoruhorough, n:-
insisted on' Pi:lents°. It is asserted. that Achisind
Ssrscheu is now cruising between Sardinia and the
Ilalearic Istands.
• The Russian wineskin, which is in our poet, is not
yet inskitig any preparations for its departure. The
Beet Rich was at Porto Fermis), is •ow lying at
NATLis, GENE 3.

A few days mince* signal was mode by telegraph
for a fleet of the enemy. which appetund to consist
or tar) too-bngs,-three bomb-vessels. ilti
gun-bin its, end a great number of transports. Frew
their inunteuvres*st the 30th end 31st of May. and
the tin sud lust. it plainly appeared that they
intended to attempt a landing on the Island of
Ischia, towards the side at St. Ate.e.lo, Our gun.
ilOillS eLI the moremeuts of' the enemy, and
formic' in a line betw.en Testacceo and St. An-
gelo. the place to which the eiruy tinally bent
lii. course. The action coniniencetl, mud was fu-
riously kept up for three hours.
Our vessels sustained the engagement without
being supported ay the batteries on shore. The
enemy sheered elf, after tine of their frigates, one
brig, one bomb-vessel, and one aim-boar. a ere
dis-
masted, and two of the latter sunk, and *tut have
lost a great number of men. Our loss couststs le
12 men woauded, and live killed. Among the
former is Mr. Correate. This brave officer. tint-
withstanding his wounds, conducted his flotilla
bock to Ischia.
The enemy steered back to the Island of Pooze.
where they had for a long titre been making hostile
preparations.

lIIANONNE, MAY 30.

Great preparations are making in the house, far-
aierly the Bishop's palace, where the Spanish Junta
are to hold their sitting. It appears as if his Ma-
jesty himself could repair thither, as a throne is

erecting.
M. Pereira, one of the greatest lenient in Spain,
ind D. tenon Mensa, are arrived here ; both are
Mcaubers of the Junta : the famous poet, Magruder
Valdez, is also nominated a Member. All the De-
puties' are treated with inarked distinction. A pub-
he table is held for them at the houses of the Minis-
ter, the Secretary of State, the Grand Marshal of
the Palace, and the Prefect of the Palace.
Admiral Nlassarede is uninitiated Minister of the
Marine. It is asserted that the Conk the (.'ores is
to join that part of the Spanish army which is at
present in the North. under the Marquis de la
Romaaa.

JeNE 1.

The first Portuguese regiment of the hoe. com-
manded by the Marquis Penne tie Lima, rutert,l
here yesterday. his Majesty caused theas to pass
in re% ivw before Into. It is sail, that from hew..•
to the 19th inst. 4:very day a l'ortuwirse rt-slatetat
is to arrive. These twenty Portuguese reheats
viia form a tine division.

IMPORT.IST SPANISH DOCUME\TS.

PUSLIIIRCD BV TN[ ►%TRIOTt. (lIItIf

THE KINGDOII OF GALLIC! %, AND THE
CENLU.IL%:►CNCIL OF GOURNMENT

BRA‘:'
Tlte abdte.lttun I. kingdom by one toweeclt•
nand VII 444 u-tally eonttoontmu 41 to ua, ts the ot,ot
I,lg roof of the vs,letter 'le- 'offers. He lb lnao.'.•l
•. , .

to It. 131. • ata poser, arid 1; t 14 1. S•
►ems totalkt4 ed, L. d .;.•woro 2311 t)112112), t J trt Lint

self from his saliecte ; he implicitly eiersa.rls one SSllleaSee.
It is sotended to salattitake in he plcr• a haughty and per.
kdions essirsperrur, who meditate, the etfusion of your Mood,
to satiate his sangsiustry appetite end he tionnolese ambi-
tion, as he has hitherto profootly sited the blood ti the tee,
bele, brave, and loyal Fieueh nation. 14v mesas to drog„ hy
main force, the most illustrious Spanish youths, a hither tole
good death of our Mousreli has already sect a great part of
them, %Monet ray other object than to aggrandise a mac,
fee shoal the world does sot aii,n•ar to be cuiftmently esteu
sive, .eid who gluts on human blood. The reward of that
generous act has been a perfidious cosiduet, unprecedented
is the mem& of civilized 'tattoos. The stratagems, the
frauds, the treachelics, are notorious, which Napok•ou has
employed to introduce, m the quality of an intimate .1112 and
a staitAtisi Friend, his troops to our very capital, and mato •
himself toaster of the fortreascs on our frontiers ; to harms
the feelings of our Monarch ; to cause disturbances amen„
the peuple ; to rebus of our King, Princes, and Infants, and
emitrnid with au iron hand the deliberatiousof our Govera-
ens at, a inch, without liberty, gives orders which it stilt
ented as they arc by a foreigu !feria and lutruder. Th.*
scandalous cosduet, and that whirl. he has committed is sth
regard to Etruria, and our neighbours, the Portuguese,
point out to es the decree of fidelity and faith which we may
expect from the highmouuding promise's with which ha
means to cloak his maligtiaut sheigiss, treating us as a people
at since insensible and dastardly.
Shall a cultivated, brave, and generous satinet, bend its
neck nosier the yoke of perkily! Shall it allow itarif le
be insulted by injarits--the avast peredsons, immoral, at.d
disgraceful, amnion tea In the face of the whole world, end
submit to the most huhnifiating slavery prepared for it f
noble Gallicians, such are ant the dictates of your tholrUi
minds. filowing a ith the must virtuous ardour and noblest
rtitlurslaso, you have alr‘ady expressed your sentiments,
surthy of the praise and imitatios of all Spaniards. I's n
rather wish to die, than to see your ludrpendenee tiane,l,4
under foot, your irligion destroyed, your king in emdmity,
and !Anti. errantry threatened a ith a yoke egurdly hordes.
some and itojust. Quicken the generous sentiments of your
noble minds. Fly to arms, not like dim Stooster, to in-
dulge an inardiutite amhition ; sot like bum, to violate the
rights of humanity noel the aw of Sailors; nut to rendre
us odious to laankiud ; sot to offend a generous and ft ictuliy
'anion, ruled by a Muster already become insatTeri b e upon
fly to arms, to assist your countrymen ; to resew:
year King from captivity ; to ix:store to site Government
liberty, energy, anti eri;ou!; to preserve your lives and tboser
of ..oar chastise; to istaintais the nieconlrouled right of
ecjoy ing un4 disposing of your property ; to 'mere the M-
d• prudence of your unt:ve ; and, snore all, to defer.d
your tarred religion. Employ the sine n h.ch she tenders;
arm )our minds with the fear of God ; implore the aid of
the •inaracialate Coneepl mu, and of the glorious Apost:e
Jacob, our patron; sad cu, lieretht of suce:ss in su ~It• inns
a ::use, rash forth to grasp the victory which is prepared
fns you by their tatercesston, and the justice of your cause.
And yr, CurporntiullS and ;.rhate individuals, who, fume
y our aitacfim. and eirettutglineell, cannot take up arias, am et
your brethren with your property and fortuma You are con-
cerned mule than any other ',abject in this demand ; sacri-
fice spoutaacumly part of your property, that on may nest
be deprived of the whole by violence. IM hot delay that
sserir'ee a moment, if you slab that by the prompt execution
et a t.. Idesonlined plan, the fury of an enemy be checked,
alto i nstmtensed at all times to act with the rapidity of
lightning. •-r ionnadves 4.11 private vices, and hesitate
nut • foe otherwise yea yourselve s your wives, childree, and
families, sill Income the victims '54 the must inveterate re.
snneze. DON MANUEL ACHA, Ike.
Corenna, the 4th Jane, tenth

The Council General of the Principality mast not lose •
ussmsest to publish tire followin• letter, which has been just
received Gum their Knig, Ferdinand VII. amt the authen-
ticity of which is 'mei tinned bl ouc of the Members of the
Conseil, who 1.1r.:5P.14.1 the most unquestionable knowliedgc
thereut..-Ou the mot cover, is the mrperseription--" To Ma
elarerrblaps tf Orita," The second is superseiibed-..
" f. Ile t:Aitfy Jr's,' tt.4plump.-

tt Novit-as Arrows ass-1 aus surrounded so .11 sides,
wad a victim of perfidy. Volt nand %pain auder worse rir-
coaistswors than the present. Being us. prisoner, 1 de-
tested not front )uu the Croats, hut 1 rroutir, that concealing
a wel! digested plau a ids the neichbourne4 provinces, you do
assort your liberty, and not submit to a funiga yoke, stw
tidbit ct yourath es to the treacherous enemy, who &spoils of
his rights your milli, t ucate PRINCE FERDINAND."
" Buyout/Rs, May s, idea."
To e....pressious w es:septic and iropiraeve the Council
oierht tut to add any o.iscreation; bat with thermos, pue,nai:t
stir! they inittile their tears with those of all tliwir beloved
SIMI &satirist countrymen to whom the letter is rte.ainttin-
cat.d. JUAN DE AIeGUEKEE TORA IL,
Oi 'Slay sti, 1 our. Actin hotzetary.

PROCLAMATION

O► TAR COMMIE OSIIHRAL OS THE PILISCIP4UTT.

LOYAL ASTCOIANSY.—BeIored Countrymen, your first
wisbro are alteady fulfilled. The principality. discharging
these duties which tire most sacred to men, has already
formally declared war against Fiance. You may petliaps
dread this vigorous resolution. But what other measures
conid or out we to adopt/ Shall there be found one
si • 'le man afnoug us,who prefers the vilesud ignominious
sheath of slaves to the glon 44 dill% on the field of bommr.
with arms in his hand..defettilling out unfortunate Mo-
narch, our henries. our children, and oar wives f 11 the
very moment when those hands of banditti were rettiviog
the kindestoffices and (oven's from the inhabitants of our
capital. they murdered in cold blood upwards Of two thou-
sand people. for no other reason, than their hosing de-
fended their insulted brethren, what could we erpeet from
them, had, we submitted to their datnioion t Their per-
fidious conduct towards our King and his whole family.
whom they deceived and decoyed into France. under the
promise or an triertial armistice, io order to chain them all.
has nu precedent in history. Their conduct towards the
whole *wino Is more iniquitous than we had the sight to
expect from a horde of Hottentots. They have profaned
nur te1711111.4; they have insulted our reliOnti ; they have
assailed our wives ; in &we, they have broken all their pro-
ibises, and there exists no rights which they have not y
fated. To arms', Asturian'. to arms! let us not forget.
that Astarias at the time of another invasion, which un-
doubtedly was less unjust, restored the Monarchy. let
us aspire to the same glory oo she present occasion. Let
us recollect. that no (amigo Nation could ever lord it
over us, whatever exertion it may have made for that pur-
pr'sr. Let us offer up our prayers to the Gud of llo%ts !
Lot us implore the iotercession of our Lady of Ban's.,
whose iinase is worshipped 111 the most ancient temple t
Covadoriga, and perfectly sure that she cannot &wise art
in Do jost a cause ; let us rush upon our detestable enera• .
and annihilate and drive oat of our peninsula, a people •
base and treacherous. This demand is addressed to sei •.
in the name of tour representatives, by the Procura•
General ash the Principality.
ALVARt) FLOM! /

MANIFESTO.
7wArlxcE 07 ARR.s.C,N

PM% ItiellCe VICK( t
litx ot ntu.kats. walmtisittion. anti

..tvotnit
•

...
Itot treacherotuk beeu sofa, or tido CT'rc t"C"'
our repose. Yoor :.striotism, tour anti cr,
tachment to the anott custom, twit t t %tt !tare
front our •11e011A11. ••tAlt the J'•
fnl core, uturh we, t.o 1,, La ...v. • *Ol4 4
tlta f oke 11(0111;ft:5 of ff-o- (:.or. •
g"lrinti F----'• tooduct to the too.'•-
ehi.nett-ot. `‘. cn lac I.s Jet,

t
t -it

wi!7- ti.'pJ,

Y • • ,s
