L %TE. SERiF-'NT ,tr ARMS.

Sir CHARLES hiORGAN said, he rose for the
put i.sose of calling the attention of the House to the
saltation ell a 7ttaleman who had long filled a very
and respeCiab:e odice with great credit to
hiatedis ard advantage to the pubilc ; in order
lint some provision might be made for him. He
shaded to M. liementson, who was now 70
years of age, who had for 33 years filled the office
of Serjeaut at Arms, And who. during that time,
conoucted hittiglf with the utmost attention and
prop: iety in ey respil. As a meritorious ser-
vant of t!iat Howe, he Ills deservin„cv of its notice s
•aisci it was by no means an unprecedented thing to
grant a pr.)v*,,irm to sach a person, after many
'years service. He t;• in moved, that an humble ad-
die— be presented to Hi. Majesty, praying that he
would b' graciously pleaied to order that some pro.
-vision be made f r John Clementwrn, Esq. who for
95 years had served the office of Deputy Serjeant at
Anis, to the entire satisfy Lion of the House; and
who, on account of the laborious duties attending
it, and his advanced time of lite, had lately resign-
ed the same.

General NORTON said, it was with very great
pleasure he rose to second the motion ; which
met with his entire approbation ; and he was of
opinion, that whoever served the public during the
better part of his life, was entitled to a comfortable
provision during the remainder.
Mr. ADDINGTON said, he could not help
expressing what he felt on this occasion. The mo-
tion met with his entire concurrence. The Gen-
tleman, who was tine objet of ;t, had had the good
fortune to have etendufted himself in his office, nut
only without offence, but to the entire satisiglion
of every body. It happened to himself, more per
haps than to any other Member of the House, to
have known the ea.raordinary diligence and fidelity
wit's which Ili; Gentlensan had 'always condutled
himself in his office; he was certainly well worthy
of the farceur set that llouse, and could nut be better
gratified, than in being recommended to Iles Majes-
ty's notice, by that Mouse, which he had long served.
The biotic* was put and carried unanimously.
Mr. WOKE % SON, jun. morel to read the or-
der figi Illk second reading of the Prize Agency Bill ;
ii.whick baling done, he observed, that it involved the
interests ora bur body of men in this country;
that it 1..1.1 been under the consideration of the Ad-
mit alty-board, who had not come to any inime.liate
decision upon it. And, as it was a subjeß of the
utmost importance, it would be desirable to put off
the further prreeeding upon ;t for some time. He
would. therefore, move, a that the Bill be read a
second time on Tuesday se'nniglit."
Mr. ADDINGTON could not consent to the
postponement of the Bill ; and he wished to re-
mind the :louse, that the Report of the Commis-
sioners of Naval Enquiry, on which it was founded,
had been long since presented to the lionse. Va-
rious circumstances, however, had delayed the pre-
sentir
proceedin , which was one of great import.
once, as it re to the doe distribution of Prize
Money. If di 11 was lit to be adopted rt all, it
ought to be proceeded in without delay. Its objea
was to expedite the payment of prizes, and to con-
stitute an ollice to which every seaman, entitled to

prise-money, otihitt repair without delay. get in-
matif.a of what was due to him. and obtain the

reward of hist:rims in defence of his country. it
WAS inipo,,ible that any obje&i.in could he made to
the principle of the bill, whirh tinmueJ on
a Rceort already approved of by ratilament—and
the circumstance of the Admiralty ikard not hav-
ing &rided upon it, was no reason why the House
. should not proceed on it now. lie ►.oped, tilerr-
fore, it would not be delayed for any times if the•
Board of Admiralty., r;bjeCting to e:: t 4;a parts of this

Bill, should bring in another on thieves= prin-
ciple, then he would be satisfied.
Mr. PITT observed, that thistillwas novel ►njts
proceeding; th there was a great ditficdity of
opinion respetting it, and, that in the multiplicity
of plans to which the Admiralty Board was dime-
ed. they had nut yet been able to form any deci-
sive opinion concerning. it. They had tbrrned no
opinion for or against it. No inconvenience could
arise from postponing it, for it was not a business of
such • a pressing nature, as that of the military de-
fence of the country, which wits likely to occupy
the attention of the House during the course of the
next week. He WAS however, afraid that that ar-
gument was not so conclusive to the Right Hon.
Gentleman who spoke Lest; because he had con-
►idered any regulation towards promoting the de-
fence of the country, to be of sn little importance,
that it might, without inconvenience, be postponed
for a year longer (a huge.). But if the •pres.mnt
measure was one of such urgency, why had it not
been brought forward sooner ?
Mr. JOHNSTONE observed, that if this Bill
was so very important, the presza Commissioners
of the Admiralty were in office long enough to give
it the consideration it deserved.

Mr. STURLIESS BOURNE said, that business
of importance pressed at this moment on the Admi-
ralty Board ; and it was impossible for them to
decide upon a miAsnie which went to e‘talvish ano-
ther Board, they v,;:shei to put off the consideration
of it for some time longer.
Mr. WARD said, the Bill went to establish a
new board, with salaries ammintio; to POOL a
year. That was a measure which did not appear t 47
him much conneazd WO the rights of seamen. It
went to take away the right of appeal front eve-y
captor, except the senior Captain ; and dep ived the
captors of all cantroul over the new prize agents

inairal MARK HA \I rose co sr:•1:: t;OrJer.
The SPEAKER. ILO, that no *Geodernan was
out of order.

The motion for the postponement was then put
and carried.

SLAVE TRADE,

On Mr. WILBERFORCE moving the order for
the second reading of the Bill for the Abolition of
the 'Slave Trade; Mr. Foster requested that .he
might be allowed first to bring forward the business
rclative to the Irish Linen Tiade, which was of the
utmost importance, involved the interests f bast
numbers of people, and would not take up much
time of the House.

. Mr. WILBIiRFORCE said, that Cotmsel were
then attending, and thAt it was necessary they sli.,uld
be heard nit the NIL . _

Lord TEMPLE said, he should be very sorry
if the news was to go out to the West Indies by
the mail that was to he made up th .t evening, that
the seemed reading of this Bill passed away without
any discussion.
Mr. PITT did not th:nk it likely that the debate
world be finished before the mail went out. Ile
hoped that the Cou.,:wl would first b...heard ; and
that, instead of multiplying debates upon it, a day
would be agreed upon by all the panics for its dis-
cussion. The frieads of the Bill had no right to
expca an accommodation of this kind from Its op-
posers; but it was fair to nuke an appeal to their
candour ; and ask whether it would not be a manly
proceeding in them to de so ?
Sir LAWRENCE PARSONS said, there was
now before the House a very voluminous correspon-
dence relative to the state of the Slave Trade, which
had never been printed, and which he would venture
to say not five Members of that House had ever
read. Besides this, the present was a new ques-
tion to many Menthe, s of that House, and he
would ask if it was fit to proceed on it until they
were better informed, as to the steps that had
been taken with Negroes 'ln the West Indies?
Members ought to have time to read those papers,
and learn something more on the subj-It of a trade,
which altogether involved in it 17 millions of capi-
tal, which brought S millions of produce into this
country, and enabled us to export 4 millions of that
produce to other count,it s. When the Meuse was
proceeding to do what was called an a& of humani-
ty to negroes, it ought to take Care it was not Com-
mitting as of of inhumanity to others.
Mr. WILBERFORCE said, he had most of the
papers alluded to by the Hon. Baronet, which were
for a month lying for the inspection of Members.
Ike then moved, that the Counsel hr called in.

Mr. DENT hoped, the hearing of Counsel might
be deferred. in order to give an opportunity to many
rnore'petitions to be he.trd also against the Bill.
Mr. DICKENSON, sen. said, that the Counsel
had not time to inform themselves upon the subjea ;
and moved to put off the second reading to this day
sennight.
Mr. ROSE spoke to the same effea, and parti-
culally recommended a postrmement : one reason
for wit ch was, that of a pamphlet having that day
b.,n pithikhed in favour of the abolition. which
was calculated to make an impression on many gen.
tlemen.

Mr. WILBERFORCE replied, that he had
read the pamphlet alluded to with much pleasure ;
but he did not consider it likely to produce the ef-
feet that was stated. The HOLMa had already deter-
mined that the second reading of this Bill should
now take place; an.! every Member expet.ed- that
to be dune.

Mr. FULLER opposed the Bill. It was by
meddling with the colonies in this way that the
French droke dawn their, Monarchy. By the ope-
ration of this menairc, he considered himself about
to be plundered of one of the fine,.t. properties under
the canopy of Heaven, in order to gratify ill-dcsign-
iiir I.ervms in this country.
bir ‘;ILLIAM YOUNG wished for delay, in
order that the petitioners :night have time to in-
ns-al their Coins&

Lord CAS TLEREAGH said, he Priddy differed
from the ilcm. Mover of this riesticm, as to the
?::::tical mode of accomplishi:4 tho objta he had
ILI ViZW. His proptithat %v.'s to abolish the tiade
and as such, it eve: did, :-.:141 cv.: would mt-ct with
ofipc.r.iiion in parliament. Ile thuoLht the Hon.
(.....r.tieman, after the elperience Le ..heady Lad,
'rut taki:l; up thr inott prudent or discreet line
u. conductfor the aPelrr.pl::!tmcnt of his oivjvd.
Mr. FOzsl'Elt criri he WAS a friend the Abo-
lition of tire Slave Trade; ant 1;4-culd sopDort the
presrat His ri•Jtive, svist.ing to put it off,
was ia order that Co. qurszion of the Iri.h Linen
Trail,- Merit tc he oh ti7st. But as the 11:bata

7.1 S

• •
umnowrrortioad,r. he
twould bring on thaiful
tingu t°-
V
Mr. DiallWill.Bl(QVJNE said, be. wad .451ead
to the principle of the Bill • but before he voted for
it, he wishad fur further inortniktion. --
Mr. PI r T considered the business relative to the
Irish Linen Trade to be of the utmost imp,rtance,
and he had no objedion to its coming tot ward to-
morrow, as the first Older of the Day, although
the Dill relating to the Defence of the Country,
might produce some discussion.
A division then took place—For the second read-
ing this day 74.—For postponing it 66.
When the gallery door was again opened, we
found

Sir W. YOUNG opposing the second reading pf
the Bill. He spoke with some warmth against the
hasty manner iii which the Hon. Gentleman was
proceeding to push this Bill. He thought much
more time ought to be given for the serious consider-
ation of a measure of. such vast importance, not
only to our West-India Islands, but to the great
body of merchants in this country, engaged in the
trade to Attica. fle by no means disapproved the
abolition, but thought time should be allowed—and
even then, he was afraid we should effe& no more
than to throw the trade into the hands of other 9410-
tions, which would he a very great and certain lbss
to us, and not, in the smallest degree, benefit the
sitnatiiin of the slaves in the VS est India
He dreaded the effein of the late proceedings in St.
Domingo—adverted particularly to the last pro.
datnation of Desialines, in that Island—and ex-
pressed an apprehension, that this Bill going out to
the West-lades, at this time, would come to the
knowledge of the slaves so immediately after that
Proclamation, they would compare them together,
and he dreaded the impression on their minds would
b • such, as to produce insurrections, followed by
the most serious and iejarinus consequences. He
should, therefore,. vote against the second reading.
Sir R. MILBANKE expressed his surprise that
the Hon. Baronet should call this a sudden decision,
after the question had so repeatedly been brougl it be-
fore the House, during the course of the last sixteen
eats. As to insurre.lions, be apprehended they
were much more likely to arise, if the Bill should
Ile lost, than if it passed. In point of policy, there?
fore, he would vote for the Bill ; but, as to the
vestion of hamanity, it was, in Ills opinion, such as
nothing could counteract.
Mr. W. SMITI I spoke at considerable length in
favour of the second reading, in nearly the same
terms as on the last debate.

Sir J. WROTTESLEY spoke against it.
Mr. CHARLES BROOKE expressed himself in
favour of the Motion. He mentioned one estate iu
Jamaica, within his own knowledge, on which not a
single Negro lad been pat chased since 1794—at that
time, the slaves on it amounted to 3Ea, and they
were now 476—Which clearly showed, sufficient
numbers might he raised, if proper care was taken,
whhout tresh importations. It had been said, that
Nogroes could be imported at a less expence than
they cc uld be raised. This might, he believed, be
the case—but he was well convinced the labour of
new Negroes was not so valuable as that of those
raised in the country ; and, as such, he would sup.
port the present Bill.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT spoke in favour of the
Motion.

Lord TEMPLE said, that if the question was,
whether we were sow to begin a Slave Trade, be
should be decidedly against it—but it was not whe-
ther we were to begin a slave trade, but whether,
having begun it. we should keep and hold to the
pledge we had so long and so often given to the co-
lonies ? We had encouraged them, during a long se-
ries of years, to vest their capitals in the West-India
Islands. which can only be cultivated by Negroes;
and, if we deprived them of those, we sealed ine-
vitably their ruin. The Hon. Gentleman who
bmught in this Bill, so much to the honour of his
own feelings and charaaer, had argued the matter
very strongly, on the grounds of humanity ; but, if
we were to give up the carrying trade, which,
whilst it was in our own hands, we could controul
and modify as we pleased, and leave it to be car.
tied on by other nations, he firmly believed the
cause of humanity would nei:hsr be benefited,
nor advanced. He was therefore at a loss to con-
ceive, what the Hon. Gentleman aimed at. Did he
mean to give immediate emancipation to the Slaves
now in our West Indian Islands ? If he did, let him
speak out. (Mr. W ilberfirce and his fiends said N...!
N. "Then (said his Lordship) we are. by passing
this Bill, taking the most imprudent and impolitic
step that can be conceived. We are showing them,
in dirca and positive terms, that they are the only
slaves in the world. The Negroes in St. Domingo
have emancipated themselves ; and their example,
aided by this Bill, would be the signal and tempta-
tion to the Slays in our islands to revolt and rise
in insurrection;" and he firmly believed, that when
the Howe passed that Bill, they would set the • seal
to the death warrant of all the white people in those •
islands. For these reasons he apposed the second
reading of the 13.11 at this time, and should think it
his bounden duty to give it his mast decided and
strenuous opposition in every future stage through
which it had to pass.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said, that in the few cords he delivered on the
subjea, he bad stated that he apprehended there was
nothing new could be advanced on the subjeft ; but
his Noble Friend, in the aigutnents he had used,
had almost convinced him to the contrary. On former
occasiuns the House had heard a great deal on the
sabita of inhumanity, in taking. the Negroes in Ai rice
firm their own country, relatives, and connedions.
The Noble Lord, however, thinks it will be huma-
nity, compassion, and charity, in us to give the
slaves who have been brought from thence, he gra-
tifying consolation, continuing to their um .etunate
countrymen the same atrocities and cruelties whist
Dave been so loudly complained of, in order to c on-
vince them that they are not the only slaves in the
woo Id. This novelty was introduced by the question,
whether the Honourable Gentleman who brought
forward this Bill, intended immediate emancipation ?
Tile Hon. Gentleman had instantly answered—No ;
and very properly—for it must be in the recoilec-
tioa of the House, that immediate emancipation was
disclaimed from the first as utterly inirssuble;
though ultimate emancipation was not given up.
The -that:on was looked upon at a preliminary step
towards at: state at.d 00u4i,itni of the

, " • - ~
Negro..s,• so that, as time and eiretioissfavees,
4
allow, alterations in their situation miglik fY,,,4 ,
6(.4w. to time be made so mud) to ca, tin; nt
and advantage, as might ultimately 'rei:2e
cr hiis.
polalitekeeerving emanefisillitwor to
approaching it, withorg jujus), twtheir swasiiirr.
to the dread of the 4Slobrli-lawdrthaetthi,
when passed, ar:nild put talsAltittlie death
rant of all the whites in the \Vest rodiaislaa,'
thought he might make himself very easy; I
the contrary, n-as certain they incurred, it
greaterdanger from continuing to impo:t
groes from Africa. smarting with the recen
done to their feelings, in betng.torn front elll
neCtion that was dearest to them on datt:l;
ling with smothered rage and resentment
their owners, and always ready to be mush,
venge by the datrines of jacobin teacher
were, he feared, but too numerous iss the
These were the dangers to which the whit
exposed; and if ever, which GOd forbid,.
dreadful fate as that prediCted by the
Lord should unhappily befal them, it wo
from new imperted savage and ferocious A
and :.i,: :i om those who wire attached to the
long ex erience of their good treatment, Inn
and benevolence. As to the carrying trade
into the hands of other nations, he thought
tiou had shipping enough for the put pose
of peace; and, in time of war, our own sl
employed for different purposes in differel
ations, whould -be sufficient to prevent an'
nation from carrying on such traffic. He corn
by saying the motion had girl warmest suppor
Dr. LAURENCE argued, that thew wl
tended for the abolition of the slave trade, irh
contend for the emancipation of the slaw
the abolition..of slavery itself in . any
the dominions of this country. He won
say, that it is just to impose the condi
slavery -on any man; but be maintained,
mode now proposed to remedy the evil was
Lst nor eft:canal. In the coin se of his speet
aurence Mated that Mr. Burke had reprobat
attempt to abolish slavery.
Mr. PITT explained. He had been acct.
inconsistency, because be had asserted the gre
lue of our acquisitions in the Wcst Indies
lust Peace, yet would withhold the means
Cultivation by new importations of Negroes.
he reminded the House, that he had stated tit;
value of these acquisitions was in enablir
Planters to employ their capital in parts
West Indibs that would be more profitable
that by these acquisitions we had the minop
the trade, and excluded almost all competitti

The ATTORNEY GENERAL male
long and able speech in defence of the abol.
the Slave Trade. He &Wended the advoct,
the cause front the necessity of insisting. upon
immediate emancipation of the slaves. He
to know what other measure the iluno,nabl,
had alluded to (Dr. Laurence), for he argue
along as if it were notorious that there was
other. This was the only one the Parliament
attempt; and this would gradually amelior
condition of the slaves, it- might not be too
say, till it arrrived at that of free labourers
fitness of the time had been questioned ; be
sar, it may and probably will be the last
P.u-liament would have the opportunity ;
added, the colonies would now be much safe
the measure been carried into law foarteer
ago. Tile situation and example of St. D‘
would then have been much less dangerotl.
Lord CAST LEREAGU opposed the :measure,
in a long and elaborate speech. He coin -
that it was imprafticable ; the trade wqgld
tied on in a contraband mans ert or. by foreij
(ions, and with British capital. lithe. 13i11
this [louse, he said it could not be exposited
the other house.

Mr. LEE called Lord Castlereagh to order,
insisted, that the House could not look tr
might he done in the other House, in corn
any W befhre them. They ought to do diet
and not to be intimidated by such language.
Mr. DENT did not consider the Noble La
irregular.
Mr. FRANCIS considered what the Nobt
had said of the other House. as an attempt
ter the freedom of debate.

Lord CASTLEREAGH said, he only en%
into the policy of proceeding with a En', whi,
had reason to believe, would not be cordially
in the Lords.

The SPEAKER said, the Noble Lord mil
tainly state, as an historical fact, what had a
passed inthe Lords on a similar occasion, and
argue what may be expected in the present.
Lord CASTLEREAGH then proceeded
speech. He proposed that a duty should be
tho importation of Negroes into the Island,
per annum for each male, and 51. for each t
and that the produce (which he stated at 140,
should he employed in encouraging the incr
the Black population by births.
Mr. FOX made a most eloquent speech,
we cannot give even the outlines, it being ,
derabie length, replete with .arguynent, al
vered at a !a:e :tour. H.? sheWC:l C7itt the
proposed by tne Noble Lord w..: nugatoi
that the short mode of ameliorating the
tion of the negroes in the islands, and int
their population the-...:, was by passin; this
A law. He said the question had been treat
if Heaven had decreed that the flash ant'
of Africans should be ever a matter of
and England the means. We excused oursei
the praaice of other nations ; but it was to
membered, we made ninety-nine parts in a'
of the whole traffic, and were inexcusable
ground. He called the English the esezutiof
Jack Kati (in vulgar language) of the
Dalhoniy. He hoped, however, the firm
come when the Slave Trade would scared/
diced by our posterity, as (from a more eM
ed marality) many moderns in low estim;
morals are ashamed of crimes imputed
heroes of antiquity.
Mr. WiND:lArl and Sir LAWREIMI PAR!
posed the Dill.
Mr. BA If AM. though: this the. orisil
Abolition of the Trade.

DEVEItELL said, he h 4.1 been as SI
to .tiIVIU:AtC fur the aholitsua As the lion. NI

: lasi
million!

4thsi
merit,

'II
Litt

r.
tieu/ould ;be Ili
'me t burnt
nce, Mr.
rat `a-dinnid
the
iti).s. As bane?,
cum °I
each wax. Which
reds. he \Vindl
I and; ed Mr.
ininitely very
11_'v 0«.
eating
ut injai y advoca
very can. divide
The
L.( fax To
ed to Cu. Adj,
Drs, who
island;. Ti
it.. were
,
. Snet
e Nohle
rattld be
At; i. ans
ens flout Mr.
inanity.
le falling to be
t no na- genera
e in time and th
shipping
to Mr.
em situ-
ny other which
ucluded canoe.
A P
Hite eon.
oust also of Col
ves, and of the
part of
precise
mold not
dition of house
that the We on
s neither paled
tech U.
ated the these c
fi iends
cured of justify
:Teat Va.
by the Apt
of their TI
es. But here is
that the
t,
ing the diced
s of the which
)le; and change
'poly of
lon. by TAL
a very lion, p
Arkin of levee a
()cues of when h
Ron the
LEONE,
e wished
'le Gent. shynest
Sued all ing of
is some ent for
.nt could
mate the moos
ii
Do far to at the
rs. drawinj
be wonld
sumetio
time the
and he
Tue
infer bad
Lord
en years
Vienna
)ousingo
Yest,
an aui/1
messes* In th
mended, TIES, in
I be car. and Di
•eign na- an airit
I passed It at
I to Paw pointed
ler. He the lasi
million
to what The
soidering mend,
air duty, House
• Lord as Ireland at
ale Lora rnercha
remind
I to fet- lotions,
the cot
enqnired An
Lich they South*
received giasent
being r
ight cm. Royal
actually continu
Id thence Dorset.
wi
d in his mouth.
7 laid
feomfallo:n 1; SisealThsvi.eenl
40,0001.) and th
crease of pioved
'hot
ofwhich with re
of cow'. of the e
and de:i- are olio
. of bet
; ;'• • Gene, a
ir.depen
ncreasiog acquair
Bill into of their
tutted, as His
ed
blood r:ry of
sf tra2c, L
selves by tee, In
ta be re- The
hundred have re
on that at half-1
ones'. the the COI
King of tat Dm
eve would three of
, be c: e- :"^N of
allighten- • :led.
sawn in t ,ny
even 1' Limn
tlemee
eSoNS op• teer., a,
is for the !'coPav
purney
sanglil• h.lt.
Nlover k.

1.

I

she ; but an entire revisal of all the asrments
had made him a convert to the c9ntrary-opuuott.
• Mr, WHITBREAD lamented that any man
shotll4 so change his opinion ; but mare especially
the Right Hon. Gentleman below him (Mr. Wind-
ham), whose eloquence and fine talents had been
employed so well in the cause of humanity. Mr.
Whitbread then replied to the arguments of Mr.
Windham.
Mr. WILBERFORCE replied generally, in a
very animated speech ; which he began by vindi-
cating Mr. Burke from the imputatiou of being the
advocate of the Slave trade. The House then
divided, when there appeared—Ayes 100—Noes 42.
The Bill was theuread a second tinyi, andcommitted
fur Teesday.
Adjourned at HALF-PAST TWO O'CLOCK.

-TilE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,
FRIDAY, Juns 8.

Mr. Livinorron's •isit to this country continues
be the subjeet of much speculation. It ii now
•cerally understood to be of a political nature,
.ind that the late visit of Mr. Fox and Mr. Gas.v
to Mr. PITT related to it, and not to the business
•rlich public rumour has hitherto assigned as the

A Petition was presented yesterday in the House
of Commons, against the Hon. Mr. Justice Foil
of the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland. It is
precisely the same as that lately moved in the
House of Lords by the Marquis of ARESCONN.
We understand that Mr. Justice Fos is daily ex-
peeled in London to defend himself in person against
these charges. He is a man of talents, and his
{:lends speak confidently that he will be able to
justify his condud.

A private letter from Paris, of the 25th last, says.
The situation of the foreign diplomatic corps
here is ridiculously aukward. They are all accre-
dited to a Chief Magistrate, and to a Government
which does not exist any forger. The removal or
change of both was ofSciaPy announced to them
by vRAND, on the 20th inst. on which occa-
sion, persons present at TA L LEY diplomatic
levee affirm, that this Minister's political gravity,
when he pronounced the name of Emmet Napo-
LEONE, was almost surpassed by the diplomatic
shyness of COZENTZEL, LucetrstNt, &c. in talk-
ing of the Fmneh Gocernment. All the independ-
ent foreign arra% here have ever been unani-
mous in their determination, not to appear either
at the levees of the EMPEROR, or at the routes or
drawing-room of the Esteem, until they have in.
struttious from their respective Courts how to aa."

Tuesday night, a Messenger was sent off trom
Lord HaRROWIT'S office with dispatches for
Vienna.

Yesterday, at one o'clock, the Duke of Yost: had
an audience of His MAJESTY.

The Bill now before Parliament foe aholidting the
Slave '1 rade, goes to enatit, that insurances on yes-
Iris employed in that trade shall he declared void,
and that it shall be lawful to seize all vessels em-
ployed therein.
Though rumour has been extremely fluctuating
with respect to the Officers to whom the command
of the expedition to the Cape is to be conided, we
ate disposed to give our credit to the nominations
of Lieut. Gee. DUNDAS, as well as his assistants,
C•encsals BAtao, AVCIIMI/TT, &C. all of whom,
independently of professional merit, are intimately
acquainted vt Lh the country which is to be the object
of their services,
His MAJESTY has been pleased to confer the dig-
'T of a Baronet of the United Kingdom. upon
• Lees, Esq. Secrerary to the General Post-01-
Ireland.
Bloomsbury and Inns of Court Association
received orders to attend on Saturday morning
-past six o'clock, to witness the execution of
oust Martial, which lately sat upon one of
hummers of the corps for desertion. It seems,
of the Drummers lately deserted at the same
sf whom the prisoner alone has been appre-
d- We understand, he is sentenced to receive
lashes.
truant-Colonel Csictoron. and thirteen gen-
of the II Regiment of Edinburgh Volitn-
wilted at York on Saturday last, from &rin-
k.' a new-invent:l machine Icy tran.po, hog
with their arms, Sm. having perfn- toed the
I rd. 201) miles in twenty-nine hours and a
The experiment was made by desire of I.arl

In the evening. allow six o'clock, Their MAJILL-
TICS, in a post chariot, followed by the Pitiecusce
and Duke of Krwr, in two coaches and four, took
an airing on the Kent Road.
It appears by the report of the Committee ap-
pointed to examine the Corn Laws, " that within
the last thirteen years the enormous suns of early
millions sterling has been paid for grain imported."
The alterations in the Corn Laws, recom-
mended in the Report of the Committee of the
House of Commons, have excited great alarm in
Ireland. At Dublin, Cork, Clonmel, Limerick,,
and other places more immediately interested, the
merchants have met and entered into very strong
resolutions against them, declaring that such regu-
lations, if passed into a law, must inevitably destroy
the corn trade of their count, y.
An encampment will be formed this day on
Southsea Common, near Portsmouth. The two re-
giments of heavy and light German Dragoons,
being part of the legion under the command of His
Royal Highness the Duke of Casasstuae, are to
continue to occupy the barracks in the county of
Dp.rset. The encampments in the South West dis-
triFt all be confined to the neighbourhood of Ports-
mouth.

.4

PARISIAN PASITIONS.

The &Alen of rough neck•handkerchiefk, from, two to three
and four rows, instead of having passed away, is become ge-
neral. That'of Peierenis stands its ground ; but they have Ant
all a plaited trimming. • The 1110. t eliZ,llll, women wear them,
with only a flat hem, or edged with a narrow device. The small
bonnets, of clear-starched muslin, with a frizzed trimming,
hive nut ceased to be fashionable. The yellow straw hats are
more m sue than those of white straw. There are live or six
different shades of yellow, but the straw is always very hoe.
Almost all the hats, as well as eapot.is, are without any leaf
upon the neck. The hats are generally trimmed whit daik
blue ribbon. We observe souse hats composed entirely of
whit* and dark blue ribbons, or Egyptian Minh and jonquil ;
Egyptian earth and apple green stitched alongside each other.
The hats of newest taste have the crown of pale rose taffeta,
or apple green, and the band of stitched straw ; not crossways,
as usual, but lengthways. We also notice a great many ea-
poles of perkale, with a very small crown cut in a beak before.
These bats are fastened with ribbons of c.itton stitched 'pen
each side, or wdi two bands of perkale long entities to knot
11;1011 the toi of the head after having paned under the
chin. Within thrse foe stays have arpesred robes and shawl.
of peach. flower. Toot .iew colour is a very pale rose, Mclnnis;
to lilac. N.ewirlistansliiig the warmth of the weather, the slip-
pers are still attached with ribbons, which knot upon the ancle.
The 1110,t fashonable colours for slippers are li'ac, apple greets,
peach Aqw,a, or nankin. Nankin stockings are wont with the
latter. Suring has banished th- instil diadems, which are suc-
ceeded by crowns nr flowers. They are worn two at a time;
one upon the band, the other beneath. Some bats with a
&molt:crown are made. of Llack straw. The roses Are yellow,
or of natural colour, and the ribbotas are always of the co-
louts of the crown. For men's coats, dark blue is nut used;
but a bright blue inclining to violet and blooms. This is, et
the present moment, the most distinguished colour; the
sleeves are not so wide, and are less plaited above than usual
The waist of a man's cost re.embles the curses of a lady, very
narrow upon tlie•houlders, thick plaited, and displaying grace-
fully the fall of the loins. The waist of the cant is, at the pre-
sent mominit, the touchstme of the elezanee of a petit +solve.
Ilk Spring undress is pataloons, of middling width, orathnkin
ur ,green cottons a parasol hat, a very short coat, thread or silk
stacaings, with open elects, and slippers with very long quarters.

The Earl of Cita serous, and the lion. Mrs.
and Miss SWIM, arrived on Friday last at
talasgow.
Am mg the dresses most admired at Court on
:slanJay were those of the Countess of DART-
edovr M and her fair daoghter.
L',rd cair.vev, in addition to his own plate,
at his dinner on Monday, had also the magnikent
service of the Marquis of Svasroso, which his
Lordship borrowed for the occasion.
Ascot Maces feel the absence of the ROY at
FAMILY; and, though the sport is Fond, the com-
pany are not so numerous and fashionable as usual.

The receipts at the Treasury of Mr. COLMAN'S
Theatre prove that Mr. Divots's " (hilt, or not
Gailty." as a sort of pickpoetrt.
MT. PITT was like a fl o 4 out of water until he
got back to power; but he is no longer the great
weak he used to be.

On S-itunl.iy the remains of the late Viscountess
HAIM:MN sv-re deposited in the family vault of the
'raviolis, at Glimde, near Lewes.

Cinderella, or The Lade Mau Slhoper, is a great fa-
vourite at Manchester. We thought the Manchester
people were partial to staff.
Mrs JORDAN, we understand, has been offered a
eark-dlauche, by the Proprietor of the Theatre-Royal.
If that be the case, we hope to have a visit from
this inimitable aftress in the course of the ensuing
month.—(ow6. Ey. Pos:.)
A Dublin paper says Mr. K estate has been of-
fered 501. a night, for the after season, by the Dub-
lin Manager:
The day Sir Rtcuaao Httt, had given his vote
in the !louse of Commons for the Abolition of the
Slave Trade, he wrote home to order a discharge of
cannon on the happy occasion, which was to take
place on His MAJr.ITY'S Birth-day.
A new work of Kist zzeez, intitled Lee Souvenirs
de Paris. 1804, has made its appearance at Berlin.
A premium being lately offered by an Agricultu-
ral Society, for the best mode of irrigation, and the
latter word being made In-it'd/en, by a mistake of
the Printer, a farmer sent his toile to claim the
prize.
The Parisian &gimlet, whnsevivacity is proverbial.
admire seal-de.ltasy; jirrlle-in9rce. and Egypthan-earsi
colour, while our English fashionable-. choose their
colours from the blossoms of the peach and the lilac.
Le Phu." Aoadmir, a new Opera, in two Aits, was
performed on the 19th last, et the heisais Theatre at
Paris, for the bent it of M. M mulls sztt, the music
by Pass t tzo. The Opera was followed by a laid,
composed by M. GAR OIL, in which VLSI KIS, Au-
MLA, Mesdames CLOTILDR, G A RDEL, %LURKS,
Ste. displayed extraordinary grace and agility.
The Marquis of Sa LISZURY has taken the house
at Harwich, lately occupied by Earl TEMPLE, and
is shortly 'spec-led to join his regiment now quar-
tered in that town. _ _

Gene►al BAIRD is arrived in town for a few days.

A man :lithe name of Debts being lately Liken up
for stealki.g barley, urged in his defence, that he
only borrowed it.
The liv.ly Mrs. Muth of Covent Garden
Theatre, has been fur some time in a very preca-
rious state of health. _ _

" Ths Roof to Resin" was lately perforated at the
Dublin Theatre, by command of the Arlon, err Corp.
Margate begins to assume a cheerful countenance.
A great many of the best houses are already en-
gaged, and the packets for the Last week have sel-
dom carried at lest than 80 passengers. As the idea
of invasion is blown over in this quarter, the resi-
dents are providing for a full season.
The Lady of Sir W. Put:sassy is said to be in
that state in which Ladies wish to be, who love their
Lords. _ . .

The frequent jimmies of Mr. irol, the Mesvnger,
to Irel.nl,- :hew a disposition upou the part of Go-
vernment to ereltplios that country.
The elegant additional building at his Grace the
l)ake of Bitiopuwarza's, which adkiiits Earl
Sr tyrciit's paggits, and overlooks the G: een Park,
is carn lag on with alacrity, and, when Guiblietl, will
przv.:ut a display of lute architefture.

ad 1:;y of
it,
Iy ace, In
*e- The I
ad have en
at at half./
he the cot
of ft. Dru
Id *re! of
; of
in t •rty
ri_la
tiee,rn
P' la
elrgh.
itc ttospi.
rurney 1
1' It.
01 A.
MI
