pr Fr i Sri 1. I it E
S 5.
H 14: 34 V

I.ON DON,
SATURDAY. SPPTICRIBER 16. 1620.

The Paris Papers of Tuesday last, which hive
arrived at our office.. contain somellenlftlie end
details respecting the late revolution in Portugal.
IVe must confess that in this cireurnstatice, appa-
rently so insignificant, we feel some gratification;
for although the silence of the Paris Papers for the
last two or three days upon the routs which or-
CertEd in Oporto, did not in the slightest degree
diminish our faith in the correctness of the intel-
ligence which we had previously received through
the Lisbon packet, yet wr ore pleased at baring it
still further confirmed through another channel,
The accounts in the French Journals are by no
means so copious or satisfactory :is those- which
have appeared in our ors Papers, and there is
also an evident aunt of correctile%. even its the few
particulars they mention. Their errors mein to be
those of evir.4eratinei. which we are Ilse better
enabled to detect, (ram exun vill i l them by the
spirit of the official ducennrnrs which have ems-
nated from the Junta of the Revolutionary Go.
verrimesit.

These accounts profess to relate some or the mom
prominent events which accompanied the overthrow
of the Regency in Lisbon ; and in particular they
affirm that the Pritt,lit.li inhabitarrts of the capital.
military and commercial, uppreliensive of sustain-
ing personal violence, onittd and Prized upon fort
St. Julian. The numbers of the I;tititell military
are computed ut one thousiml, which certaisily
cannot be correct, u!though it is very probable that
the British inhabdunts of Lisbon, of every denomi-
nation, including the members of the factory, con-
.iderubly exceed that number. These person. are,
50141 to have embarked from fort St. Julian, mid
*Aril fur Gibraltar, bet we du nut place much
credit in the statement. It seems to have origi-
timed in the presumption that llw British officer. in
the Portuguese service were universally ill•tseaterf
in all places where the principles of the revolu-
tion peevailtil ; but tee can collect from the officio'
documents that every mark of respect, esteem, and
gratitude, was &hewn towards them and their couthe•

try' iol
frositia

i the ante
I them in

rum not prune "fit raft..
tau to otiot inkung
mei). profile. but breams, it it the obvious athrantsige

of the

or- Pertisivii; Pi phi

tilhattitrt, to cultivate the friendship of Heir ttishoirts.
It is further arsertril' in . these Asper, iiiht the
revolution of the Government in. Lisbon was lt.'
Chased by the sacrifice of fro,n 1.500 to n,01111111111116:
Yews, 111 killed or *omitted. Some blood wet.Andl
•
prevsously understood had bent shed in the empbela,
but we rincertly hope that this 'mitring-0 in 9001.-.
usuch exaggerated. The rummer, however. is
caleulated 10 s•XCIII* feelings of noxious *elicitede
in this cattnltt, es it seems to he connected, bet!
in a c oaluisrd manner, with the assertion we, bent •
ulready noticed, respecting the hostility disidityill"
towards the Eritish risidents.
The lavonralile feelings entertained by the Spa.
niards towards the revolutioniots in Portugal may
br in some degree collected from the ready amor-
mice contained sn some of their lettere on the sob-
' ja.vi, that a force of not less than go.ono men was
already in march, for the purpose of assisting, their
neighbours in shaloug off their old tyranny. For-
tunately for the Portuguese they do not stand in
need of such assistance, but it must he gratifying
to think that sl Id distress arid danger come upon
them, they wit I rind nil ardent sod generous friend
in the neighbouring country. Guided by the ex.
ample, and prim &led by the arms of Spain, the
Portugurse will lie enabled to pur.ne., with con&
deuce and tranquillity, the work of regeneration—.
and ',Peer seas there a country diet more required
it. Until the tisifortnnate but romantic expedition
of Don SEDASTIAN ag:1110it the Moors in Africa, its
the rixtrcials century, Portugal held a high and
rook in the scale of nations. The
enterprising sfiuit of VASCO DE GANA, by opening
a new passage to the East babes, had infused an
extraurdiiiiiry noisily into every brunch of domestic
industry, and had its n particular degree increased
the is ival power and commercial wealth of Portugal,
and frson that period until the country fell under
the govertimeut of Put LIP of Spain we find the
Puttoguese purruing a career of glory and enter.
prise in every goofier of the world, not exceeded
by any other urtions whatever. In 'conning the
line of Bluetit** to their native throne they
evinced • twilit. :womb, of the best days of their
history, but whic.h is entrained in energy and con.
duct -by the, preema revolution. Portugal, too,
•
has an sweietit Claim to a free Constitution;
r•
for she once, had an independent Cotes, to whom
belonged the exclusive right of imposing
taxes upon the people, and of this Constitution
the-kral rrmaimal Iniig after the spirit of rode.
peudence bud. craved to exist. The Government
has for some centuries hero the Most despotic in
Europe; and ie; a necessary consequence the corm.
try bas hens the most unfortunate and degraded.
The character of the Government may be esti-
mated from the timid preamble to every new ISO-
retment runioatiog from die Royal authority—" I,
the King, in viitue of my own certain knowledge,
of my Rival will and pleasure, and nfarey
supreme, and arbitrary power, which lhold only of
Gad, and for which I ate accountable to no 1111111 011
' earth, do iii consequence orsiainntid command," &c.
Thr Ki, o was not only possessed or this supreme
• pone, in this plesinible asserted, but he conceived
his ei:jovinrat of it to be iticomplete, unlerr, like
our sagacious Jesu I. he put-claimed it to the
world. In the mean time misery and degradation
peivatled every pert of the country!; the people,
even in their slavery,, had not the ordinary com-
pensation of personal safety, and the military were
so degraded in spirit, and so ill paid, that it was
not memos' loser a soldier under arms asking alms
of persons in the s•treetr ! The troops acquired
jotter sentiments, and something like a feeling of
- military pride during the late Peninsular war, and
what was of still more importance, they were taught
to regard liberty as au absolute good, which was
worth some sacrifice. The events in Spain have
expedited the revolution in Portugal, but they did
not originate the feelings that led to it. These
were in active existence long before the defection of
the army of Andalusia, and had not untoward cir-
cumstances prevented it, we hove reason to think
that Portugal was big since prepared to give that
example to die world of which Spain now enjoys
the glory.
Advice. from Madrid mate, that General Mono
had arrived in that city, to convey to the KINU
the assurance of the devoted fidelity of the army of
Andaltiria to Isis perrou and government, and that
the troops are ready to obey whatever orders shall
hr transmitted to them. In further proof of the
General's sincerity, it is raid that he has consented
to accept the Captaincy of Gallicia, which had beenr;
offered to him.

The French Papers contain no domestic news of
interest.—The Fuvo per. Cents. are 73 f. 90 c. ;
Sink Stuck, 1,3601.

We received lost night Oporto Papers to the 30th
last. The following are extracts :
OPORTO, AUGUST 29.
In the preceding number of our Diary we said that some
ifl•iufurmed persons feared great disasters to Portugal, be-
muse, say they, " our Allies cannot he pleased that we
make such an r.rtraordinary reforms fn our insti-
tutiour." Who! The liberal ilogitsb; the Nation is 'be


world widget hood Mows, b throe, sod et/rebook hoe
sp;sell isa getweases is Sas fruit a ti. limo!. doom Odle
amiss is so *sr hernia- reseleshow, • trannewsdool vier,
which it so highly valises sod loves Has it op.
posed the program of she rinanoiration of Swab Aftia;es'
is imispord 4impikrwirriesr
hour. Have we heard in Ilooptiplastof • its Reinesenis.
tires is Parlisolest a ward Of einspjoelolins 111 of dies,.
wisaeretowt •,! Its (Weir,.
We have two gir.thi:. tlil kisser on it,: commis,
'VIM the etsheitehowd lArd lieerpoiliassowend Lind frlidistit,
1" Thai the Goveraawat ad hie Britannic Majesty OM meg."
' . inserters with the arias ad Nona relasivoly to it.
,lion, for inflow are independent of each ailoPP--. orh os al
Ntiberty to slept the fairer of Guverensent, and to arta, the
lints nous* asalugats• sod suitable to its eiresiostsetask is I
that the highest interest of a civilised power is h. is j,1•4 :u
all."

Whea a Power has the Rod fortis., to have at Ib.• 1...„.1
of its Goveramseut MIMS like Lord Liverpool, actssoe4 1",
oath just and liberal priaciplea. it la impossible that is sbono
.iisterfere without more reason than it is ',reseeded slit 11,.e.
lists hart to invade as. let as snake own lees easy. raw,
rimer will shortly prove that we are rot deceived in our
promurNalinatiott.
' The Supreme Provincial Joni* costumes to give ail.
doahted mods of its wisdoms. We may be excused saakinc
any reflections on Ibis head, whom we premium to ear readers
the follMmiam &moments :—.The fro is an eider to
Coloift.l and Cumommulers of rurpe of the troops of the list,
So include in their recommendations fur military promuta.v.

those writ:rata whose character awl military carioca scot
this hootturable diet iactioss.

The seeped diseament is a general pardon to all prinks
and f ebahents, who ham been guilty of no other crime !ban
desertion, oo modifiers of their returning •to their carpi
within se►enty days from the alit of the Pepelasagne
(28th Aagast). nuke to heaven, that calm, sad merit
will not, find the doors domed to eiscourastag rewards'
What matters itahat the soldier was not the so. of a Rohl,.
man, if he has that genuine nobility which is est inherited—
which is oat ti be bought wills gold, hilt which is gained hr
virtue, by honourable wounds, sod by blood-shed in 0,
service of the country. If public utility is the supers,..
law, why should the brave serjeaat be excluded flow the
auk of officer, +hes he has so often dist iaguislied'himset
by the side of his Chiefs is the Geld of battle
The first wants of man ore food and raiment. The 601.
dier who serves kis country must be clothed and fed by the
country. If be is is weal of food who can wonder that Its
courage fails ? and if those who covniusad let bin fall into
the opprobrium of beggary and want, bow ran they require
that the wretch accustomed to ask alms shaft cc,itt
the temptation of deserting his banners ? Let it not be
imagined that we approve or excuse desertions, it is ■
crime, but we mean to my that in this crime there are
various degrees of guilt, and that the least of all is when an
unjost government neglect missy what it owes I. the meri-
torious defenders of their country.
The &erosion which we receive from all "Borten are
highlysatiehretory relatively to the good mese of err liberty.
Ilierio Ifortosal, No. 3, August 29.)

Two Hamburg!) mails arrived last night, with
papers to the Bth instant, but they bring oo newt
of any interest.

A Dutch Mail has arrived. with papers to the
13th instant. The Dutch have renewed their hos-
tile attempts upon the Sultan of PALINBANO. On
the 26th of March they attacked and carried 90111 t
fortifications, after an obstinate ri..istance.

The Lipa frigate, and some other vessels, have
received orders for Lisbon, it is supposed for the
purpose of affording every facility to. such British
subjects, resident io Portugal, as may be disposed
to remove their persons and property from that
country. The greatest activity prevails at Ports-
mouth in fitting them out and making the nerr.-
bury preparations.

The KING, we- find, lios resumed Isis intention
of enjoying an aquatic excurrio►►, notwithaaudin
the advanced state of the season. Immediate,
after his arrival at Brighton, orders were sent to
Portsmouth to get the Royal George, the King
own yacht, immediately 'warty for .ea, and not ove
moment was lost in carrying them into effect. The
Hind, Coinelems, Brisk, and Blossom. • will furl:.
part of the ►quadron.

The Fonda, which have been for some time de-
clining, satfered a further depression yesterday.
Various rtinionrs were afloat, any one of which, if
true, would 'Mind a satisfactory- explanation.
Among them were the ucdiate dissolution of
Parliament—violent proceedings against Brio-ii
subjects in Portugal—and the departure of thy•
Duke of WELLINGTON for Lisbon. It was also
confidently stated, that private accounts received
yesterday mention a very serious riot at Leeds.
in which the military and the inhabitants were en-
gaged when these accounts left that town, and that
doubts were expressed of the ultimate issue of the
conflict. •

A• Kvasiag Print nieutiona, as a report confi-
dently circulated yesterdat, that an express kis
been ►eceived I►v an eminent ineicatitile hou.e,
with the intelligence th 4 an Austrian army eutrwil
/Skiffs ou the 31st of August.
By the Kite, arrived off the Start front Oporto,
we have advicrs to the 3d inst. A gala *asstat.
had been produced by a counter Proclatuation urd
by Conde d'ALAUARANTII, who had the cor►us.and
of 5,000 t►oops. He had declared for the present
gutter 1111 l reit. There is no doubt of this fact. We
h eve I►erner! several letters to that effect. The
force under him is differently rated. at from three
to six thousand mane EGa declaration is a very
spirited our, supporting the old order of thing*.
One of the letters expresnes great alarm on the occa.
sion. which was heightened by no advices bring ra-
craved from Lisbon up to the evening of the gil
instant. The general opinion was, that the
inlsa-
bitants of use capital were not favourable to the.
change.—(teeming Paper.)

Mit tick
Opilet*. wire t
.14 pas
hat
risidinia , semed
ve kindly diepailligiii• retowards
Is 'rely eihrr peel of ale Mildew. We

TSMOUTII, StrtiiitiMS 14.

Venter itat orders ware. receeived here. for. the
Active. Sir James Gordon, to proceed. ►iwtwediately
for Orightor►, to wait on the King ; the wind filling,
sloe remained here tilt this morning, when suddenly
oilier' were issued for her and the I.4fie, the lion.
Captain Duncan, instantly to proceed .to Lisbon.;
supposed to give every facility to such of the Bri-
tish as may feel disposed to ship themselves or their
property.
The Ltirey, on her return from Lisbon. will pro•
ceed, as we stated yesterday. to the East Indies.
Captain Stlinfell will take her out, in the room of
the Hon. Captain Duncan.
The Blossom is fitting for St. Helm), and will
go unt of ha►bour on the 2011 i. Her present orders
arc to proceed to sea in three days, at farthest, after
the iOth.

His Majesty having signified his intention of
taking au acquatic excursion, the necessary orders
were tedistely issued to get the Royal George
(the King's own yacht) instantly ready for sea.
These orders were so promptly obeyed, that though
they were received only at two o'clock yesterday
afternoon, she WAS, by ten o'clock this morning,
ready for sea, towed out of harbour at twelve, and
will immediately proceed to Brighton. She was
completely dismsoitlert, and not a spar standiog
Yesterday at three; alta the exertions made to get
her ready are highly spoken of. A dispatch had
been sent to Commodore Sir Chalks Paget. at
Fairosk, and l►e arrived here in the night. Tie
greatest activity is observed, and the po►t is in
great bustle to get toff the frigates for Lisbon. and
fit out the squadron to accompany the Hoyal
Yachts, fur which latter purpose the following shops
came in this morning (from cruising) to form part :
Bind, Sir H. Burrower; Camehun brig, Captain
"lingo).; the Brisk, and Cumefion cutter. Tole
Blossom, it is supposed, will form one of the ►qus-
dron, in the room of the Adire. A f0,..r which, as
stated before, she will proceed to St. !felt:mi.

The Conqueror of 74, just tetur,ted from
St. Helens, sailed this morning to the east.traid, to
be paid off.
Since writing the above the Red pole arrived with
a smuggling lugger. which she has captured. The
Redpole was instantly ordered to join the Liffey and
Actire, for Lisbon. The above, with the Creole
frigate, now at Lisbon, will fora► a

BRIGHTON, SRIPTESIDER 13.-Soon after nine
o'clock last night his MAJESTY, arcompanied by
Sir B. BLOOMFIRLD, alighted at the Palace, from
Windsor. The bells struck up a merry peal soon
after, and continued ringing till midnight ; the
British flag has been raised on the church tower,
and where it will remain during his MAJESTY'S
gratifying sojourn with us. The Steyne to-day has
been thronged wiolt Elegant promenaders, and a
joyous commotion has prevailed in the streets, but
the common hope that the KING would appear in
public has not been realiard. Ills M ‘JE%Ty, in
excellent health, confined his promenades to the
enclosed grounds of the Palace. The town now,
altogether, has assumed u most cheerful 'aptwaranee,
and unlet lodging-houses are expected to be, very
shortly, in no ordinary degree of requisition. Seve-
ral have been let for lengthened periods this morning.
Two of the QUEEN'S messengers arrived last
morning from Italy at Brandenlaurgh House. We
understand that some unforeseen difficulties !rive
been thrown in the way of the persons expected
here as her NIAJESTY'S witnesses. These diffi-
culties are partly financial. We understand also,
that officers coming over on liar bIAJESTY's
behalf, have received orders from the Austrian Go-
vernment not to appear in Esiglarld either in their
regimentals, or decorated with any orders they may
kite obtained in their country's service.
The heroccial Priltesicy Hotel. in Piccadilly, op..
jarsite the Green Park, is the last house proposed
be Government to the QuEEN. We understand her
MAJESTY has notified her approbitinis in a letter
forwarded some drys since to Col. STEVENSON, to
which as yet her MAJESTY 1411 received 110 answer.
Lord FREDRIIICK BF:NTINCK, brother of the
Duke of PORTLAND, will this day lead to the
altar of hymen Lady MARY LOWTHER, daughter
of the Earl of LONSDA I.E. .

. _
'rile Bishop of Limerick is to be traoslotcd to
Cloyi,e.
The Provost of Trinity College. who is nomioated
Lord Bishop of Limerick, will arrive in that city
on WednraJry mat. The Noma w to be sue.
ereded by Doctor Miller, Muster of Enuiskillen
school.

A requi-4tion nu% sigtir,l on Thursday by severs!
reslrr, table Freeliolile:s of Nliddlr,trx, addressed to
the High Sheriff of the minty, requesting him to
rail a meeting for the titirpo*e of addressing, ho; A-
J EST Y to dismiss bill

Yesterday afternoon a Meeting of the Inhabi-
tants of St. Luke's, Moldlesex, was held in their
parish Church, Whet) J series of lieinlutititis were
passed. declaratory of the opinion of the Meeting
in the innocence of her MAJESTY. and an Address
of Condolence and Corigratulation were ordered to
he presented by as many of the inhalritstits OP
bought proper. S. C. WHITBREAD, E•ti. 51.11.
struugly siipporteil the Resulutioisio. The Nleet-
ing was titworearnsly attended
A very ttttttt emus noel respectable 111eetint of the
inhabitants of the Ward of Firringdott IVothout
was held on Thursday, at St. Bride's chtneh,
street, for the purpose of 6' taking iutu considera-
tion the propriety of condoling with her Most Va-
rious 3hrjardy, the lowiro which
the nation has so recently serstioned ; awl also to
address latr Majesty on the wicked conspirisey now
carrying on to destroy her character and honour."
An Address was carried with only one dissentient
hand, 'amidst the loud cries of 66 All ! all !" lid-
Sewed by three distinct 'warts,
Theta is a Society at Minn, called the Orfei, of
which Colonel BROWN was •OXiOOS to becutite u
Member, and was accordingly proposed fur tulnus-
sion iii a sitting of the Society on the 20th January
last, but sus rejected by a majority of 31. the
er bring 9, libei 40. •

DRURY:I4IIpr THRATR R. •
7'4 May. Raw of reisles.pros premised last night.
the part et Silyisek ty.Mn. Mt a I , flu the last time
pretheady.ta his departure for Antenca, There Me,
ainong Mr. KIWI'S premtainces. some which the
candid critic would. in the spirit of kindness. be
excused, for exuniaing minutely. and. others which
his judicious friends may wish he had never under-
takes; but Skyldck is one of those characters of
which hi. admirers may speak• in term. of almost
unqualified panegyric, and in which the inuet severe
judge can point out but very few defects Mndeed.
The cause. which have ;prevented this distinguished
soot% sudoetts from being as complete its census
instances us he could wish, are the deficiencies of
nature in him extern's!, or a misdirected alubstiou
end filer taste in overlsbourmg his part, slid in-
troduviug new reathugs, and vainly endeavouring, by
dint of attitude, gesture, !tense, and intonation, to
confer beauty, furce,end point, on that which in the.
sentiment was homely, weak, and pantie-se. The last
general vice. indeed, we have with pleasure ob-
served Mr. KLAN to be gradually aleandowng, and
the traces of it observable in lac: night's acting,
were extremely slight. The first source of failure
thst we have mentioned has an effect in this instance
exactly the reverse. Majestic proportions of frame,
a lofty port, and dignified mien, sometimes so its-
' dispensible to the contour of the hero, would he
out of place in the representative of the despised,
' abhorred, loathed Israelite. Titus well is Mr. KEAN
possessed of the external requisites for the exact
portraiture of that being whom SHAMIPICARE.
inverting historical truth, intended as the personifi-
cation of all those bad passions, and grovelling de-
testable qualities with which the ptejudiers of an
unenlightened age had invested the outcast Hebrew.
And tf the great outlines of the piece were cor-
rect, never perhaps has the drawing been finish.
rd, aptl the colouring laid ,on in all its vat ieties,
more completely and beautifully that, by Mr. DEAN.
The performatice is, to make use of a strange
phrase, horribly delightful. The spectator, resign- 1
ing leinself to the current of the story. absolutely
slit trek hack with disgust and horror Irmo the spec-
bide of s human being so brow, peewee, and diabo-
end, in a molll tett, recollecting himself, was
lost in edmiretion of him who Can imitate nature
in her wildest extremes sta excellently. We Inuit
again add, that there was scarcely any filing off or
inequality perceptible to lesseu the feeling. It
was simple, genuine, nature' acting-1i perform-
ance even consistent and harm° 1111 l u* almost *lib-
ont exception. from first to last. To specify
beauties where all was sn ',wilco, would be super-
fluous; but the greatest effort was reserved for the
judgment scene, and we cannot • conceive how it
could he exceeded. Poetic was acted by Mrs.
WEST very prettily and playfully. and it, the scene
to which we have last alluded. very spiritedly.
Mrs. BLAND had been announced in the to
play Jessica, with songs, but before the rising of the
curtain. an apology was made for her on account of
sudden intlispoeition, and Miss Cuatis undertook
the part, Mln CARR becoming the substitute of
the latter lady in Itlerissa, which had been origi-
nally assigned to her. Both ladies acquitted them-
selves vt't tetlteetuhly. Mis. Cuntrr tutroduced
several appropriate songs, whirls the gave very
sweetly. A similar addition was made with good
effect to the part of LOMIZO, by Mr. I'. COOKE.
Mr. BRUNTON matte hitsfirst appearance on this stage
la the character of Bassani". Him figure is good, lits
couetenance eepressive, and his manner gentleman-
like; and whatever inferences we case draw from
his general manner of sustaining the chat:trier,
which however requires little more than ordinary
talent, are favourable.

The bowie was %yell attended, and the play very
well received.

tier MAJESTY will receive no more Addresses
nun, Monday or' A Merman WOOO was
expected to join his family yesierday at Rasuagme.
The lour Aildress.s wind, her MAJESTY will oil
that day rective at Boandenburgli House, are as
fallow :—Farringthan. at one o'clock ; Cripplegide-
Within and Spiitalfiehls at half-past one; and Pad-
dington at two.

An net-omit from Brandenburg mentions it as
something remarkable, that the French General
Carnot, to whom Magdeburg was assigned as his
piece of abode, left that city on the 31st August,
without giving any notice, and had not returned on
the of September, in the evening. It is thought
that lie has left Magdeburg with the intention never
to return, for which reason a very active commissary
of Police lies been sent after him, it bring conjec-
tured that Carlini has taken the way to 1-llalber-
stadt. Ili. son, who has long lived with him, left
Magdeburg some weeks ago, but, however, world-
ed with a pew:port. Their going away excite* va-
rious conject ores, and people are very curious to
learn the cause.

Mr. a Gentleman formerly in the law,
and who triodes iii the virinity of London, met with
dreadful accident on Saturday last, by falling off
the roof of the IVellingtun itege coach. whilst
changing horses at the ship, in this towel. The un-
fortunate Gentleman had both 11'11 broken in e
most plioeking manner, one of them in two 'dares;
indeed, so trail were 11w fractures, that doubts were
at list esiteriaitiral whether his life could possitily
he saved, without amputating one of his legs. Mr.
l'oics I', however, doing well. Ile lies at the
Qtieeii's Head. Mr. l'utcE bears his siitferings
with almost unparalleled resignation. indeed, we
may add. even with cheerfulness.—(thelsosford
(ltrattiele.)
Ois Friday night between ten and eleven
o'ckok, a party of rulliml wen; to the house or Mr.
*sum, one of his AlAJBs'rY's Justices of the
leerier fur the C yof Lanark, who rapped at ilie
door, and iutluitrd it Mr. H ARDIE was within.
"Die servant. kept the door on the chain, and an-
swered that he W•t4 not. They then drinatidol
ad-
mittande., and said they would wait till lie came
iiiiinr. 'fbe ferlitlist Itipld Ibrw she did not expect
him that night. as he was gone to the country. On
this. one of the scoundrels *track her a blow AM the
shoulder and ran down emits. Fr the violent
outrage committed th.it afternoon on Dr. STIRL I Nu,
there is every rea.oii to believe it was the vane
party. Mr. 11,tunte. having giveu evidence against
Baird awl Hardie, who *uttered that day at Stirling
fur high treivuo.—(ClaNgino Paper.)

.... • ; •
. AD DRESSEI:.TO.:IIII 1411577.
The relkoing Addrine hie titiio6llll4
rniee• the fistielortdoke• of .741 r
viowuejt sw. condi of Ciao .
TO NU- 11CMCIlibillIT-:INAJMITT.ehItOI.IIID%
or 1111 VIIITID sintrold
AND..iseLeer%
sod loyal Adders of the
tie City of Calisie and t Mistily, in the Cossisty of
C.wsberl.sd.
May it please your Majesity,
We, the midersigned larhabitauts of the armrest sad loyal
City of Corlisle and its metal, lausehly beg
your Majesty, with abc highest feel/figs or r Jegiotb-.
mews that are doe bull to tllrmrisws bisileasstli;imotgasgsd
easitringa. .
When your Majesty, is expettatios of. or I 1 Wes,
made our beloved isle yea adopted countsys nay heart
throbbed high with the food espectatum that Ilene Majesty
would be built blessiag awl blessed; and Ore auspicious birth
sit your Majesty's beloved slaughter, ihe.Priotess Cliarlot le,
seemed to ratify the graffiti happiness. Whilst your Ma.
jesty's people Roost sincerely condole with yin, air the irrepa-
rable bass of that high.gitied Dawghter, snit in that of your
lamented Dale awl Father ili.laer, his late Majesty Demme
the Third; sad whilst we bow will all humility to that
hardener, whose ds.ings, however i rrrrr table, are ',afro
wisdom and 'producer, may we beg to assure your Majesty
of our unalterable 'Hachures. to your Royal Person, out-
withstaudeug all the malsvoleut lesion s of yosO
emassim. But ed, though your Majesty may
be, •sof the protection of father, or husband, or child, be
attend par Majesty's dottrel puspis will ever aimed you
lamegioll we the hallowed retsina** 'yes, may it please your
Majesty, so long as the poke of life bats on the bosom of
Englishmen, so lung shall unr utmost energies be devottd to
sire viudication of spotless immerser.
The late proceeding against your Majesty's honour sad
character we have beheld with abhorrence. We deeply
lament that after she purity of your Milroy had previously
been emahlished on a hams which, we hoped, the utmost
force of malignant firebug could sot have shaken, that 'Bus to
are again made to beep obloquy upon rine spotless Nose.
But your Majesty's loyal subjects of Carlisle do gnat conk-
dently anticipate, that in the sew and arduous trial, to
which you air about to be subjected, you will come out of
the f e as tried gold, and ohm shame and contempt will
cover those adv sea, who, for base and inirrestrd pur-
poses, would *couple nut to adopt measures which might
possibly end in comierpieuces that it might be appidlisig to
conit•oiplate.
That your Majesty may lout live the grace of British
female society, and the liviagtoiumph of virtue over uppivo.
sitm, is the sincere prayer of your Majesty'. most rassbfut
and enovt dutiful subjects." . . .

To which tier ,ciniesty returned the following gra-
Cious Answer :
I accept, with many thanks, this tribute of regard from
the Inhabitants uf the City of Carlisle suit its vie y. My
hopes have often beret frustrated, and my coulidence has
often been betrayed ; but I sin convinced that she trust I
place in the affectionate attachment of the British people
will never prove illusory, and that they will ',ornate the at.
tempt which is tnakiug to pollute toy character by the
known malignity of my ad ors, soil the little credibility
that is doe to the witnesses who have been produced to sup-
port of their allegations.
It is difficult to conceive bow much the publication of
what ha; been recently passiug in the House of Lords sway
affect the murals of the country ; but it cannot be supposed
that so much impurity eau have been circulated in the pub-
lic prints, and diffused over every part of the kingdom, with-
out twin some vitiating effects. But if the. seutiment of
delicacy should have been otitis offended—and, indeed, if
the most revolting disgust should sometimes have bee, felt,
the fault must be ascribed to those who encouraged the in-
vention of this accumulated obscenity. It moat have griev-
ed the good and the wise of all classes, to have had the sews.
papers filled, for two or three weeks, with a Rasa of inde-
cencies unfit to be read by any modest eyes, ur to be heard
by any modest ears; and to behold Use highest judicature in
the kingdom, in some degree, ministering to the distribu-
tion of this moral poison smolt; all claims of the commie-
silty. Of this extraordiusty misc►ief, whate►er may have
been Ihe contamtneting influence, the blame canton rest
with me—it must be imputed to the malice of my setter-
swim.

The following Address has been presented to her
Majesiy from tlw Inhabitants of Ipswich and its
vicinity, in the county of Suffolk :

TO HER MAJESTY CAROLINE AMELIA ELIZABETH.
QUEEN-CONSORT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM OF
GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.
May it please your Majesty,
We, your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the under-
signed Inhabitants of Ipswich and its vicinity, in the county
of Suffolk., beg leave to approach your Majesty with our Ma-
me and hearty congratulations on your accession to the
dignity of Quern of these realms; oat your Majesty's safe
return to this country; sad to assure your Majesty of our
zealous attachment to those laws, whirl; when impartially
administered, distribute equal justice to the Aqinest as well
as to the meanest subject to the land.
We her leave most humbly to offer our unfeigned condo.
Imre, wider those trying dispensations of Providence, which
have removed front your Majesty Britain's best hope. In
the ever_to•be•htmeuted Prince,. Charlotte of Wales we ie.
c.ognizrd that Arm and filial affection towards your Majesty,
which highly exalted her in the esteem of the sodium. In
her well-known attachment lo the laws and COIIIIIIIIIIIUU of
her country we had the b►st and surest guarantee, that when
called opts to wield the British sceptre, she would respect
1111.1 Ul3llllallll the rights owl Ithetties of the subject : and in
the conscientious discharge of her religious duties she left a
bright evidence that she has exchanged the prospect of an
earthly fur the enjoyment of a heavenly IL WWII. It is chiefly,
therefore, oat account of the loss your alajesly, in emijuune-
bon with the oration, has experienced, that we lament her
removal by death—as well as that of his late Majetty,
your Majesty., must constaut blend and pus/corm' pro-
tector.

In referring to the Baur Pains and Penalties, lately in-
troduced Tutu the flume of lauds, we regret to witless
that, whirl a Noble Lord iu the tither House of Parliament
so emphatically sleowsiitiated 1' • mockery of justice."
lurked, we cannot but consider the prevent proceedings
against your Majesty as subversive of our drarevt liberties;
fur, if the first subject in the kingdom i■ to be declared
guilty before trial—is to be denied the right of knowing who
are her accusers, as well as the time when, mid the place
where Hie alleged crimes are stated to have been committed
—if the regular administration of justice is suspended, mud
the Judges assume to theniselves the unconstitutional clia-
I acters of Accusers, Grand Jurure, Petty Jut ors, and Judges ;
what security has the subject left for the enjoy:nem of those
rights said liberties, fur tar maiutenauce of which Hampden
fell in the field, mad Sydney died upon the smillold, any
longer than a Government lit •pproaching to a military
despotism thinks proper to allow'
The firwitsess and 1111g111111imity your Majesty displayed, in
refusing to corn:wormer your honour and dignity; the ch-im
which your Majesty wr nobly made fur a fair, ripe*, mid im-
partial trial ; 11141 especially the recollection of the result of
the inveirlie,ation of the former detestable and atrocious con-
apiracy against your Majesty's life and honour, most 111.
duce every impartial person to regard the present charges
against your Majesty as proceeding from the must del--
mined malice.
It is, Madam, one of the first principles of justice, and on
whirl. the administration of British jurisprudence is found-
ed, to preserve the ismocence of the accused until guilt is
proved. We admire the principle, we act upon it lii ap-
proarliing your Majesty, and we sincevely hope the day is
nut far &strut whets you will expose t►e macbivatiune au&
triumph over the nialice of your enemies—be restored to all
your Constitutional rights, and king enjoy t►e imperial
crown of three realm.

We hare watched with dilitewee the proceedings of thf
[louse of Lords; we admire your fortitude; at.
Wore the shameful interrogatories iddress4d to tame, sad
