THE CHURCH.

The Rev. J. Surtees, one of the Prebendaries of "hist°
Coliedral. has been presented by the Dean and Chapter
•itb the Living of St. Aquiline, in that city.
The Rev. Edward Montage Salter, M.A. and Student of
Christ Church, has been presented to the Reetoty of Swan-
ton-Nevem cunt Wandnorton, in the county of Norfolk,
vacant by the death of the Rev. M. Skinner. Patron, the
lxw anti Chapter.
The Rev. IVillfihn John Broth it k, Clerk, has been
irritated to the Rectory of Castle Rising, with Roydon, in
the panty of Norfolk, on the presentation of the Hon.
hike Greville Howard, and the Hon. Mary Howard, his
rift.

On Sunday last the Lord Flishop of Exeter held a private
Ordination in his Palace, when S. Brown, A.B. of Pem-
iNke, Oxford ; T. H. W. Dedwingy, A.B. of Jesus, Cam-
1n,14r ; E. Griffith, A.B. of Exeter, Oxford; W. T.
A.B. of Sidni Stifles, Camhidge; E. J. Todd,
A.B. of Worcester, Oxford ; and R. Turner, A.B. of St.
tairebritlr, were admitted to the Holy Order of
Diatom. The Rev. E. Budge, A.B. Christ's, Cambridge;
J. Garton, A.B. Queen's, Cambridge ; E. Houlditch, A.B.
St. Johii's, Cambridge ;J. Alitcheli, Queen's, Cambridge;
ti. W. P. Patey, Sr. Peter's, Cambr;dge; R. Pole, A.B.
Lieu; Oxford ; and T. Wolston, A.B. Coins, Cambridge,
sae admitted to the Holy Order of Priests.

Letters were yeaterollertiodeed from Penang, dated the
sth e June. l'hey state that an attack from the Siamese
was expected, iu cora:queues of which great .preparatim
were making. They es cre fortifying Fort Cornwallis,
and a fie. tot' ships had been sent to cruise of Pulo Tewy
BUENOS ATItE/I.—On the Roth of August, an extraordi-
nary number of die Argos was published, detailing the rue-
: oo of the independent t root sof Monte Video over a der ach-
mett of the Brazilisros, together with a proclamation of
Lavallija,Commatioler-in.Chief of the Independent nrmy,
to his cluntrymen of the Banda Oriental. On the 15th a
sharp action had taken place between a detachment of the
Lodependente, commanded by Don Ignacio Oribe, and the
Ara:Naar alio occupy Colonic. The Imperialists made a
sortie, ad were driven hack with the lens of nine men killed,
and ten wounded. Ica the course of July and August,
appears uniformly to have firoured the cause of the
Inolcpctoolents. They are stated to have taken from the
Brazilians about 700 horses and TOO black cattle'
'.nil to have killed or wounded shout 50 officers and
""rldiete. The ranks of the Imperialists arc stated to be
thinning by desertion, while the force of the Independents;
it laereasing in numbers, and improving in di-cipline.
r lte Provironal Government of the Banda Oriental has de-
creed the formation of a patriotic region, and made other
arrangements for carrying on the war.
Extract of a Letter dated Vera Crz, August 26:
" The Dutch Commissioner, who has been in Colombia,
wringing friendly relations between that country and the
:botch Government, has lately landed at Alvarado, and
tenc,coled for the cloy of Mexico, for a similar purpose
there. When be has made the necessary arrangements
with the Mexican Government he goes on to Lima."
We have re :owed a Newfoundland r (the Attlic
Ledger) dated the 1 lth of October. It announces the
arrivel of Sir T. L Cochrane, the new Governor, who was
retiv.,l with great enthusiasm, and was likely to become
!err popular. The comet had been seen in great beauty
let some nights ; its tail inclined to the westward.
A Society has lately been organiaed in Baltimore called
nit Anti-Slavery Society, and another called the Anti Bed-
due Society; tfle one instituted with a 4iew to the sup-
-1,13711.111:11. of negro slavery—the other to the extinction of
, Puth Saeieties are endeavouring
c:cedoi, of ,• , to procure: the
candidates for the Legislature, who will die"
Arrnselv.s to proinvte the interests of their respective con-
`tLtirnia.—Arrocco.un Paper.
