No. XXIX

An Arronnt of all Snip, of Moiwy paid to her M*jesty shire
her arrival in England in June last. l'Aid at the receipt
.of his Majesty's Exelievirr.
July 24, IS2O.—To Minna§ Couto, E.g. in f s. d.
trust for her 51ajesty Caroline Amelia Ehaa-
-411) PCCIIIII3i of soil to lieu of an
Annuity sit 35,000/. granted to lwr Nlajesty
by letteis l'aicutolated November 1, 1814,
for out quarter, ended July 5, 1820 8,1'50 0 0
1820.—T0 William Iltatril,
Solicitor to her Majesty, fur enabling hint
to defray the 1-ar Charges tool Expenses of
her Majesty, in relation to the Proceedings
now under the consideration of Parliament,
slid also the Expeniws attending the bring-
ing of her Majesty's IVainesars from abroad,
and of such Agent or Agents as may he
. . . . _

employed on her !lidless).* behalf fur that
purpose lO.OOO 0 0
September 8, 1820.—T0 Ihitu, fur ditto

f 45.950 0

Note —Me.gr 1. Coults and Co, her Majesty'd Basskers,
have Isecui authorised (in the event of the Queen haying
occasion for a further supply of nsoury) to make an advance
in her Majesty, provided the same does not exceed in the
whole tie sum of 4,375/., being halt the ansustut of Ilse
quarter due at the 11001 of October nest.

Mr. Kinn I,l).erved that nn rem rmilit be more
warmly all thin he wiis to the coupe or Par-
lusitientary Reform, but he wig well aware of the
clanger remlting flig tubjeets together
%slit( h had no earthly cosinexion %Waterer. The
ohjeet of the pitoolit :Mewing was solely to address
the Quieen, :ind to Ilist ohixet he thought they were
hound to adhere. Let their etimis lie utiitrtl
till the Quern was got triumphantly out of the ems-
ti st, and then en mill would Ise more ready thou
himself to vindicate the cause of the people.
After ili.cu.sion, the liesialut. prepared
by the Committee were told by the Clerk.
Mr. 141'Ciwrity perrisl.ti iu moving. his Amend-
ments to the Resolutions, when con.itleroltie uproar
took p 1 cc.
The I. solutions of the Committee were, liowevt r,
supported by the majority of the Alerting.
Mr. DONNE, and usher Gectleittrii *poke, sifter
which on A skirt-as to 11w Qiicen wait agreed to.

At a numerous merlin., of Cuss Ismotkera, bd.!
on Thursday, evening tit the Three Comumows in
Imulho.m au Mitres' well %wed to her MAJESTY
mud caned u Imo sssssss
A iltl.rs-rs so her MAJESTY :

Fur Wednesday, f/ctuber lI—El r•place .:t.ilwerty of Lon.
dun ; Croydon ; Wandsworth ; %Void of Fareinftl.tu Within ;
Purtsuken Crush:on ; St. Attn.'s. litnehonse ;
lrysluseis ; Christ Charch.Sui icy ; tail Parishes in Winches.
ter; City fit I ; Si. Ives, Male anti Female; Lailiis uP
Hereford; Stockton sita.Ters ; Cardiff; Ladtis of Lricet•ler ;
North Prilberton ; Taunton ; Female • of Trion; Sedgeley;
Colitlrroult; ; Perth, N. B.; CirVl II; IV. II ; Milford, Surrey ;
Kt nolal, Aistbliaidt, Kirby Lonttilale, awl leliithruo, by 51r.
Igrunglisno ; rand Letter-pre,. Printers.
We iimiendositt the Qv EEN t• mewl receive uny
oilier A ileirce.ts in Ili( 'text week, but it is sup-
timed that Ilse beginiiii.v, of the week uftrr, the
numerous other. notified to lier MAJESTY will be
receive:l.

Her 51siesty returned the following g►acious
An•u'rr to the Addrr.• of the Waterene,i arid
Lightertnen of the Port of London:—
. ...

It is commerce to which Britain is principally intl. bled
f its wealth and its power; and commerce, of it do not owe
its origin to Itheity, is, at !cast, never known to flourish sit
tatty country where the people are not free.
like the boil that wartimus in the air, loves the sitursimintil
tkpasesion of its wings; and will not Ilotorkh when it is im-
pelled by restrictions, Mailed with prohibit' , or sub-
jected to arbitrary imposts. Liberty is the Me of -
'tierce, but slavery is its sleuth ; as it is the death of every
thing that is most isslimatsly counected with the happiness
of mast.

I have ever fell a Wong. interest in every thing eissioetted
with the welfare of commerce, and the prospeiity of naviga-
tion. I was, therefore, much gratifiel by this lord and af-
f. ctionate Address,fi °en the Lighterateis and Wales men of the
Purl of Loudon. It speaks the armaments of tree men. The
Lightesmen and %grater's'st of this crowded Port are active-
ly enxaged in conducting the trade, sod aiding AO savage-
lion of the first commercial River ill the world. 11.7.ef0l-
Ness is never a very erroneous criterion of indite io the great
scheme of society; and, if we apply old. criterion 10 the
Lighternsen and %Vaterinvo of the Purl of London, we shall
lad that the hest interests of the metropolis are, iu uu
small degree, sssisted by this honest body of useful citisess.
I thank them, from my soul, for this artless expression of
their condolence, sad this zealous tribute of their regard. As
lung as they continue to navigate this River, I trust they
will never cease to remember that the tamest' who is now
living on its bank., was a warts soil stestifastfrieud to their
particular inttreets, sad to the general prosperity of this
great maritime community.
