II

I

I

f

i

R

1 .

'4

Mishesring, he had no doubt. had fallen. Mr.
Lamb had made a great mistake, if he supposed
that he had said that electors of Westminster had
been dragged up to vote for him like sheep to tile
nlaughter-house, on the contrary, lie had said that
they would not-.-(A laugh) —he in dragged up.—
(Great apphrane.).—The second error referred to
what he bad said concerning the tenants, of the
Burlington Arcade, for he had not said that the
'lectors from that place had come up to vole c.iii-
rpary to their eoeiorierren, hist roily that a gi-ntlp
hint had been Oven 'twos that they might do for if
they liked. Ile k Geo. that.tho whole Areadewargltil
no more come rip at Mr. Lamb's call then.tble
whole of the Attorney, world. He knew that meat
II the inhabitants had voted for himself. In draws
ing the enniparwori between the electors on bulb
fides, and the low of customers, Mr. Limb had
seemed to forget that bia (Mr. flobliouse's) friends
'were the lower orders,—(great laughier)—oad that
their object ass to get custom mineral of giving it ;
whereas his (Mr. Lamb's) friends were what he
supposed he would call the higher chases. He
(Mr. liolshouse) was not surrounded by the same
description of personages that lie had frequelitly
peen crowding about his opponent ; as he had, tor
imitative, had the pleasure of seeing hum at the 'alit
election surrounded by about lilt), of the 801 l mill
Blue horse..—(/aughter.)—Mr. Mortar Slllll.3oli'S
respectful request to the tenants of the Arcady, re-
minded him of a passage in the play of John Bull,
where a character, performed by Nlr. Emery, paid,
"• and so I very reapretfully knocked him down."
Ile supposed the Noble Proprietor would not look
with Ville so favourable au eye on tlio.e tenants
who did, as those who did not comply with the re-
quest. He should not mention names, but certain-
ly many 'people of quality bad beets going about
among the people of the Arcade. He was at a hiss
to know how Mr. Lamb had misconceived what he
bad on the subject of the Arcade, as he
thought begenerally spoke with inaudible voice, and
vi knee was pretty well observed during his address.—
(r 1 voicefiont the crowd," He u hard ofhearing.")--
lie congratulated them very much on the state of the
poll in Middlesex and WePtmilister...-(('heers.)—Mr.
Mellish and Mr. Lamb had no chance of gaining
their elections. It was surprising what a similarity
there was in the proceeding, of these two Gentle-
men. The one assisred the electors in his addreas
that there was a free and open passage to the host-
togs at Covent-garden ; the other gave that same
assurance with respect to the husturgs at Brent-
ford. In the addresses of either heves, nothing but
something or oilier about the Constitution, sin old
hackneyed phrase, which might be pressed into
their service by any party, anal, like a Dutch-
man', breeches. would lit any thing.—(Leoghter.)
If Mr. Lamb gained his election, it would out be
by any character 1w possessed—(ie did not, rf
course. mean private character : God forbid lie
should allude to any man's private character in that
place) ; but, like Sneak. in The School for Scandal.
he might say. I have gained every thing by went of
chsracter.—liipplouse.l He liad the satisfaction
to tell them that 500 votes had been already polled
for him more than at the close of the last election.
it was very improbable Mr. Lamb could yet out.
tap him ; but as he cried out, like the Witch in
iMic6cth. " I'll do, do, I'll do," it visa acces-
sary for them to continue their exertions, for he
"il not think it enough, that at the upshot he
should only be ten or twenty above Mr. Lamb ; he
hoped they would not he content till he had as
great a majority as Mr. Lamb had at the last
election.

Mr. HOSHOUSE then retired, but came forward
• second time at the suggestion (.e presume) of
some of the Gentlemen about him, to defend the
conduct of his Committee in writing the lette► re-
ferred to by Mr. Lamb. Ile argued that as the
document regarded himself, so far from its convey-
iug troy dictation. it simply stated a fact.
'llie people titers dispersed.

MIDDLESEX ELECTION.

SIXTH DAY'S POLL.—Tmcasorr, 1114acs 23.

There was sot so much spirit displayed yesterday
as on the preceding days of the election. nor was
the crowd about the hurting' so numerous. The
fiiriiils of the respective candidates were yet on the
sled, slid the eternal peering and reproving of
coaches from London to thesauri], bespoke the
noise and bustle olio general election.
Sit Robert Wilson and other permit's of distinc-
tion appeared • little after four o'clock at the front
of tl►e hustiugs. We regret to meotiou the absence
of Mr. Sheriff Rothwell, the more so because we
understand it was occa.ioned by a domestic cala-
mity. His gentlemanlike. stud indeed dignified
deportment. gave universal sidisfactioss.
At the close of the poll the numbers stood :
For Mr. Byarg . 2 7OO
Mr. iVbilbread 2 4Ol
Mr. Mellish 1 eta

Mr. BY3IG said he had once more to thwttk the
electors for the exe►tions they hail made on his Le-
and ►hough lie did lint stand so Itirli on the
clay's poll as he did on tlu• former days of the elec-
tion. be was sure that that circumstance would have
iin other rtfcct than to make the elector* double
their exert itnic—(Appiuuse.)
. . .

Mr. M,'t.t.ts■ omit stood fcrward, but received
much interrup►tun front the audience. We under-
blood the Hon. Gentleman, in the few words lie
uttered. to say, that lie thanked his friends for their
caribous, and he felt no doubt that the final issue
of the election could become favourable to his

WHITIIIIMAD next presented himself, and
was received with the loudest expressions of ■p.
plause. He had declared, hr said, to the electors,
on a former day, that the eyes of the whole country
were fixed on the pre►ent contest. As Out cutilryt
•dvaucrd, he felt nothing but increased pride, that
the county stood so conspicuously before the king-
doui, for uutwtthst•udtug the temporary vicissitudes
tor that day, he was quite convinced that the spirit
slid independence of the electors would triumph
over every °monition and every influence. It was
scarcely to be believed that ills opponent should
have remained for the five first days of the elec-
tion the last ou the pull, and that on the sixth day
hr c•ttld command but so pour and trifling • ma-
jority.—(ApplairseNo .persons but those who,
like laimseli, bad an opportunity of witnessing the
Wawa and iudepeadeut efforts of the electors could

have supposed that his 01,8004; during the strug-
gle, week, hoveezhibited so mawyeruptoms of weak-)
Del..; hut the spirit of the electors wits not to be put
down--they knew that the independence of Mid.
dtesex would he the rewani of the contest m which
they were emzoged, end they would persevere to the
last. Ile was glad to see a noble spirit of liberty
animate the People throughout the country. lie
recollected that one of the Bills passed after the
Christmas recess, taloned the punishment of ba-
nishment to Ilona! who* either by speaking or writ.
inks might tend to bring the Wore of Commons
into cootempt. The result of the present ge-
neral election most pretty Orally prove to all
those Representatives who favenred anti prompt-
ed those Bills, who prostrated the constituoinnal
Lists of tht-ir reentry, and substituted a law of this
kiwi in their Mend, that in doing so they did not
succeed in procuring, as they certainly slid not dr-
the love or cotifidence of their country.—
(opplause.)—lle wit- not sat all surprised at theme-
re.`, such as it of bp. op, ttttt rot that day.
There were trverni lo which he might Witt.
burr that Sitere,R. still to non! more than to the
extreme attention nod activity of
.his
phmse.)-1 he 10!Z.Ilit li-gged to express his gratitude
for the support he had received, soil begged that
they would continue their exertions until they were
iii.nliv crowned with success.

After 3lr. 11.1sithterd concluded, the crowd im•
mwtltorty &vents,. Mr. Whithreadr se usual,
was drawn it► triamph by the people.

MR. HUNT'S TRI

YORK ASSIZES, WEDNESDAY, MANCH !2.

SIX DAY,

jsy OUlt EXPRESS.)

THE KING V. HUNT ♦ND OTHERI.

The Coort was this morning Ices crowded than usual; the
interest of the trial appears to have a little dminsished here
at least, now that Mr. plant's speech is past. The Ladies
alone appear to preserve their spirit of curiosity with heroic
perseverance, riots illistauding the full participation they
have already had in all the frlirilira of a crowded Cued
doling the five patriots* clays of she trial.
The first tidiness was William Ellsuti, examined by the
Defendant Bansford.—lle lived at Chatterton, and was a
farrier. He asps at hladalls ton on the morning of Hie Inds
August, and reateuilwreal then the arsembling of men, too.
meal, sod children. He saw no 1111111M11111 among them, best
wine had common walking stick.. Ile beard tarnfiard ad-
dress the people, said ircurnmend thews to be peareetalt, anal
nut to molest any one as they passed, nor al the further rad,
where the meeting was going to he held. He added he was
well aware there may be had persons among them, and he
desired them to be aware of them, stud even if they were in-
stalled, to bear it without resistance. He also said, that ar
any body came to take hum (Bamford), and any of those
called Iradera, they were to let them be taken, fur what
they had in view was it Reform, sad it was to be pursued
peaceably. He Shea diets atoned pieces of laurel among the
people. Witness went with the crowd, accompanied by Isis
children, two boys, Mir 12 anal the other 13, anal a girl, 17
years old, not exactly in the procession, but when he gut
mixed in Ilse throng, sisal onwards, be went accompanied as
beforeameoliossed to St l'eter'afirld. The pruers.noto was
particularly peaceable the whole way. He lust kis thildieu
in the crowd, hat be was not uneasy as they knew Mao-
chewer. Ile had au fear of his scatty in that crowd lentil
the yeomanry Caine.
Cruss.examined by Mr. SCAllt.M.—Nottody in t►at crowd
seemed afraid, or elm of course they would wog have gone.
He easulal nut say whether Bamford was a leader ur of the
Committee. They were all anxious to see Mr, Hunt. It
was Bamford gave tlte• Lora I, anal (bra tied them to be peace-
able. Ile knew him inany years, and witness often weal to
bear bias read• newspapers in his own house, particularly
The Shracksaisr Oboe; rer. Wit ase•as Inin.elf II evrr practiNd
reading newspapers, • slid he know what company knight
kept. Ile had attended one or two Re•turm meetings before
this.

In answer to piestiorts from tne Junta*, he said, that if
hr thoneht there mould have hero any clot ur d.inger at the
meeting, his children should nut hare cone there; Northing
happened on the road to excite the smallest apprehension.
I faim about 12 or 14 acres, and milk four row.;
Erimeio.l Newton, exatninid by liainford.—Lived in the
parish of Chatterton, and gave a similar description to that
of the last witness resincting the ;Auer and order of the
people. and Bainford's recommendatioir to them to continue
so on the 16th August. Wilms. was among them, and set
out wall a stick, a hich, however, he left behind, as he or-
&Mood it was recommended that no permit, should cars? a
stick or weapon of any kind to the meeting.
Cross examined.—lt was his brother oho recommended
them not to carry sticks. He had never been at ?I drilling
marling, though lie bad been at public urns. (felted once
seen people- marching in the evening near his house its the
course of last Primmer. lie could nut tell the prat-ire time,
nor who they were who gave a word of consulate', nor whi-
ther they were drilling; be was never in any mooching di-
vision. lie also heard Bamford recommend the ;Middleton
people to go peaceably aid quit try. Mem, women, and child-
ren, constituted the crowd to Manche4er. The stick he
left behind was a coinmuit walking stick. lie did not march
in the meeting, hut went alune•side, and merely went to
hear what would be said, will 10111 the soirllest expectation
that any thing riotous would occur, lion was there any thing
iu the manner of the people calculated to excite Carol.
Jacob Daylin cxaurinul by Bamford —Was a calico prin-
ter at Middleton, in the etnployment, fur the last len years,
of 1). Burton and Suns. lie their describes,' the people uu
the 16th of August, in the manner already related try the
former wituesses, as being peaceable and cheerful.
Cross-eitiunined.--.These procetisiuns were nut common.
lie remembered that one of them paid Mr. Burton a visit ;
they were very quiet at first, then they threw sticks ; some
firing then look place from the fietory, and the mob Wined
a house of limaustel, Oise or the 6rm. . .

Re-eitaistined.—Tkis was eight years ago, and done by
the Laddttes. Reform Was not then so much talked of as it
is two.

The Learned JUD•C bad great doubt whether this refer-
ence was strictly evidence. One of the questions to be left
to the Jury, he said, was, whether Ilse humilities and man-
ner of this procession was calieslated to inspire rational ter-
ror—nut that which was dune years ago.
Re.examisation columned—The ensilage •lluded to oc-
curred in iBl2, when Mr. Barlnn's premises were guarded
by an ironed force, that has nut bevel the case ever sister.
He did nut lkhese their memoirs were locked up on the
1611 i August. Business was going tui as usual theist. Mid-
dleton had nu special couaiabits, nor soldiers quartered
Ilwre.

Lney Moraine easmined —Was a widow, and had bees at
Manristster (rum Middleton us the Pith August, an c pa-
ng with about 20 women; she 414.1 out carry her children,
but the two buys went heroine's themes lees, one u( them
was nine years Mal and the uthcr 1?; on the way they met
and joined, hen►lf and her children were then together iu
St. Pe-tees-field, but they dial nut offer to get near the bust-
lugs for fear of the Iney•: they remained near a body of men
formed in a line who refused to let her crows, asihey said they
were the sem u-ia wustabin. She slued there whilst Mr. Hurt
came ou the ground; shortly after he canoe, a toms in black
clothes rode oft hum the sworndu (mumbles, and a
tall nom said, "H 6 should like they would kic4 up the start
just wow." The crowd wear this mid nothing at the time,
and she replies! " Who ices to kick anthill alert ! there is
holm* liketp to do it but them." Sous after she saw the
mos sewn t►at rode sway returu with ns great speed, sod
the evalry tenting juot behind bite, ■nd slur en wing the

onl.hero nye& the hest of her way off with her eisibireo,
Ibi ok ism there was then some denier. She SW She soldiers
come op to the ground, Lot nut pass Ihrouch it, as she insole
oft

Mr. lint.v then. on the part of the defetiolsol Saxton. rail.
ed John ILnnp hire, who lined in Derbyshite, at a dsolasee
of 17 mile hone Maarbester. He hues, Mr. Samoa, to
whose honor be went oil the Iflth of August, a hide after
twelve o'clock. to Tire bins an order for printiog seiase
lie afterward.. at a little arse. sins. ss.ciark, wrist wills Saxton
In the Manchester Observer Oilier, whi re he was a He.
porter; be got paper there, cot bi• pencil, nod said he was
going to a public meeting. Wel ltttrsa wrist :tins to St. Petal's.
area, where he Moll after saw S3XIOII un the hastsogs
wrrl-
iue. Mr. Hunt had not then 1111i...1. If Mr. Sixtoo. ever
mlolressmi the people rum the hosiitots, Mlllll-91 COll id not
possibly have avoided Loaning him. Ile wo. pooilive he us..
ter slid, and Fast.n was behind him the whole time as a
writer in the buy of the earl. Mimeos remained until OW
dispersion of the meeting. . .

la answer In tptesiiinis from the Learned Amato, he mid,
that ■1 tat time heirore the dispersion of the crowd dwl be glee
am nn( g them the least dishnihuw to resist the maitory, Of
that Mr. Hunt, vista r other., JKIANy deo/ to
cause the slightest nrtslattrr. Witness heard a osilelory
alfirer say, " You, chairman, come down thia mamma.
Mr limit's reply was, "V,ry well, Sir," and he gut deem off
the busting..

Johu Smith ~f Liverpliol, examined by Mr. Heal..—l at.
concerned TO the Lfrcrpool Mercury, and rititlidetl at Man.
cheater on ill.. 16.11 Aliens', for the purpose of reporting for
that paper. Previous to the hone of 11 o'clock, I Saw Wilke.'
bodies vitt. nil towards the oiriting from differ* nt ave-
nues ; I wit struck with theorderty manner to which they
proceeded, and gave away in east.. es.. in's. sod passeragi re.
galena on the gruuud un4l.Peter's.fii Id, and heard the cow.
serrations of many in tie crowd as In the objects 4 the
meeting. I repreel my sirpriontheri 'that they were
friends to 'fitelianic Rey R. form, the y Pahl 0 'res."—
! rejoined, ".I hope peaceably s 0;" Ito y replied, " fee.
tainly, nothing het race and frredurn dial they seek." Be.
invert heel,' and one It Ilk the meeting kept increasing
considerable, and I hear Void of mask playing what I
supposed from the peruli tail of the drum, was "God save
the K.ng." MOM I WWI use newer the bawd were en.
covered, and was Mil in ply to my question by mete wear
me, ltat it was "God save Ihe King," and I observed," I am
happy fur it." Oil the semi lof Mr. Hwy, I was stailooll d a
little tit a.!vatice. shoot 25 yards from the left corner of the
heating.. The meeting was then complete. I shooed it the
finest sight I bads err seen, sod ft it much gra I died at the good
wiry,' the whole. I heard Mr. Ilnut's speck. He liegou
by cougrainlating the Nowlin that the effect of the alms-
donnsent of the former meeting was to have increased their
oumbeis on the present invasion. He then made some re-
marks upon a placard that had het n honed, and thanked
them, as Chairman. lie prneetiled to recommend every rer-
un to keep the strictest order, and that any One •tirlitOttlig
to Ittlittli 111 the peace, those who were Near him must put him
dune and bpi p quiet. In a *hurt time the rivalry arrived,
wh•eh astonished myself and my neighbours, but the general
feeling, as far as I could judge. was, that they came to keep
the peace. The people rive three dicers, Om Is I felt was in
porsuatie:i of that feeling. The military returned the &ars,
and I considered then that there was a pease. and that they
would protect to ',Haulage. The cavalry, howevi r, advanced
radon imuckly to the hustings; quirk. r, Oohed, iliac I could
have Nippon"! through so dew* a crowd ; I mw tint the
slightest resistance "firmest to them by the crowd, swatters,'
al it. A general cry around rue arose of " what is In be
.ilune ?" and she general answer was, " they .teat be bringing
some Magistrate tu listen if any seditious expression be
used, and they were sure all would be quid still." I waited
until Mr. Hoist was arrested.

In answer to qtresti tttt • from the Learned JUDGE, be said,
" Ig no case whatever Infure Mr. HOW came, or after, or
at any time, did I are or her the least rymptant of moist.
SUM or the slightest enconragemeet insinuated to produce
it ; 1 did not see a single stick he 1.1 up against the military ;
I saw no brickbats thrown at them until the slave
4.f the disperaiwo, then I raw our. hi rim joidgmeatv
if say oriels sets had been Amp. I must, fermi the si.•'
lumina in which I was, ba•e. sera 116e$0. My eyes
and conntraiance were directed towards the niilitary.
Up to the moment of the military reaching the hiortines,
myself and those around me felt Nu alarm; but on their sur-
rounding the busting% and seising. the people on Baia,
abet made nut the least resistance, we then began to think
that it was intended to disperse the meeting. The Louse.
men then diverged from the hustings, and the populace fled
in all directions, shrieking and weeping.
Examination resumed by Mr. Iluntm-I am rather more
than ilia fret high, nod could of course are well what was
passing in the crowd. There were a great marry MOlllea sad
children in at. Peter's area, and I spoke SO several of demi
they trete clean nod defeat, as if they came to a holiday
feast. A great many elderly people appeared to lead the
groupes as they came on the grossed. I saw nearly the
whole MOM up; I saw ■ll the elderly people (perhaps a
dozen) at the head of each with common walking slicks.
I did nut see the party rune up with the black flag ;. I be.
have it was on the ground before I strived. I supposed they
were ordinary colours, not stein( the ionerrptions. It is per-
fectly new loser to bear that there were twig thick staves car-
ried like muskets uu the shoolJers ofa number of the crowd.
If such were carried, I marl have seen them, and, as a re-
!NNW, [Naked them. The coonnam sticks that I saw appear
SO as. very usefully employed its keeping uff a Number of
curious buys who were pressing into the thick sal Ike dining.
I remained sin the plain until scarcely any so( Ike people re-
mained, and while the borers were gallopping about. Frusta
the beginning to the end of the nweting, I did nut bear one
single violent expel-mien used by the crowd, nor did I see
soy violent act committed by them; they all seemed per-
fectly good huitruore.l. I olaarrved so fear and alarm, and
saw a number of Merest people who were unconnected with
the group•. that teemed to match from the country, and
who, I supposed, were inhabitant's of Monehettier they
walked about among the crowd.. I united in Manchester
on the pre (*slim; night, anti did toot then or during
the morning, hem any of the respectable intramiimis
(stud 1 was upon chaotic) express any' alarm at the ap-
'atomism; airtime. It seemed to be the general opi-
nion among them, that the authorities did not mean to in-
terfere with the meeting, and all seemed happy to find that
it was likely to go off peaceably. I never saw you point
to the military, and arty, "There are your encmtea, if they
molest you, get them dawn end keep them down," It
was quite impossible yogi could hare said so, because
the passage is Mr. Hunt's speech which contained some
words of this kinJ was addrassed to the people before
the military came. It such reprehensive moods had been
seed I most have heard aud initial' them, there wall
PM a riugle hiss or groan in the soldiers when they came
up, nor ■ny braudishiug of sticks at them, the feeling
was of a different description. 'Fhe cheering, in which 1
joined in compliment to the military, was of the same de-
scription as that fur yourself (in whirls I did nut join) when
you ascended the Itustiugs. I had nut the awaited acquaint-
ance with Mr. Bunt ; I never saw him before the day.
Cross.eminsiurd by Mr. Scam-arr.—l remained nearly in
front of the hustings the whole time, but uccasimially sur-
veyed the whole nutria I aim the Mr. J. Smith trim was M-
inted to attend the meeting, but I was nut then known to
Major Cartwright, Mr. Woofer, Mr. Pearson, or Mr. Car-
lo's., but I have the honour of tar. Crunoptuti's friendship stud
of Me Rushton's If ss a dillicolt task to know one's self, but
I think I know myself. I was invited to attend ■s • speaker,
but absolutely refused in that capacity, I went as • reporter
fur my paper, and refrained frau, mounting the hustings lest
should he considered to have come there arc speaker.
I 410 take a part in Lien pool politics. I am junior edit*"
in the Liverpool .11r7ettry, and have been centimeter( with it
fur I() years. 3ly sentiuseuts an well know... I attended
a Wougair meeting in die rummer of 1816, mill spoke its a
debating room there. I did not know a person named
knight. We rumetimes iu our setertiusis (non other papers
copy from Ile Nanchesfer Observer. I do nut recollect in
that paper such • pqragraph ■s this, from a speech of ram
kuiglit." Behind you is grim famlue—bekole you, pea-
owners, bigot% and fouls in abundance. aud au army fed
sod parnpeted to give you • bullet when you call fur
bresd." If I bad peen the paragraph I should bare
veal if nide, aud nut with creradabip ; it is a eery pa.
monistic paragraph, but sot is sty taste; I should not
copy it. I recollect an advertternteat shoal a sub-

tr. •
• .- • . .
seription for "Henry Had, Sq." but not in air Paper.
The extract
,just quoted was never copied into The Lifer-
mat Ilifercary Mr. hunt's remarks upon the placard were
in derision, hot they were spoken le a low tone. I saw the
placard, langheil at it, on account of its want of gram-
Wit% I saw 110 infantry before the yeomanry came. 1 dare
say Mr. limit sac,' the term " Enemies," but must de-
cioled!y he did not say, " Yonr enemies are at hand, if
they molest you, put them clown, awl k.ep them /loon."
He might have gaol any body who disturbed the meeting
was their enemy, and the expression would have been pro-
per. When they slid they were friends to Parlianicutary
Reform, " and peaceably so," I felt great pleasisre; fur a
part of the mess hail dome the previous day vilified
them and. anticipated their proceedings to be riotous. I was
petted to see that they were not, as they had been falsely de-
scribed, and I never saw • more p-iseeilde and orderly meet-
ing. Iliad heard of prievosts training in parts of the country.
If I bad seen any body of people moving in • firm order,
they would gather hive inspired me with confidence thin ter-
ror. especially from the good humour that appeared to pre.
rail among them. I have seen people fall into ranks that
say for politic convenience at election processions in Liver-
pool. I left the Manchester Exchange before II o'clock.
and up to that I I did not hear one siogle expression of
alarm dropped doge respecting the approaching meeting.
Re-ex a by Mr. Mont.—The busy 111.111 F on the
Itiattelwater Exchange is front right to el. yen o'clock. I
heard there was a placard posted up, I..cointocosboog families
to keep 'Whin doors, signed by nu other name than
" Wheeler, printer," hut I do not know whether that was
the one which Me. Mot ridiculed. I repeat that I saw a
number of decent women and elnlslrros there, and I was glad
of it, as I thottzlit it would keep the mew In • subdued feel-
ine, and riondoes to order. The presence of ladtes always
chastens the company of men. There was an owe I saw en-
titled to the appeltatioat girco in the Now Thin, of
Words .4 mama."
[Mr. SCARIATT—" She was, I
dart say, • very chaste
Lady.")
I raw the I.asly on the dickey, with a 1114, mad conceived
she was the wife or daughter of monehody is the entirb, who
is honour of the sioreliag bed consented to carry the flag. I
have often heard of Ladies doing such thiagsat civic meet-
ings.—(Here the witness pouted out upon the map Ilse
place in which he stood at the meeting.]
James Stott examined by Mr. Hest—lle resided at Pew
dleton, which adjoined Manchester,- and ass land•siirveyur,
possessing some properly itt bosses soil lands. He recol-
lected due meeting of the 16th, consisting of men, women.
and children, sod saw ..thing. in' the conduct of any of
the parties there calculated to excite alarm in his mind.
He was ist Si. Peter's area about sae o'clock. He had a
wife pupil six ehildrea ; some of the latter were at school, the
rest were at Imam awl tar bad it. dread of their safety. He
remembered Mr. Hunt's mounting the hosting' and being sa-
luted with cheers. 1 saw no staves shouldered like muskets.
He was 'Rented is trout of the hustings, about GO or 140
yards, looking towards the windmill, but not sow enough
to hear whet Mr. limit said distinctly. I heard nobody
amon,ist the frond using violent language; 1 saw noise ruin-
misfits:: violent acts There were many respectable men,
who were inhabitants of Alaachester, en the crowd. mad se-
veral decratly.dr..ssed Ladies. None of them expressed the
smallest apprehe eee i fur the safety of the town. I saw the
yeomanry arrive. Upon their arrival I heats! them cheered,
just as Mr .Hunt was. There was Ito groaning or brandishing
of cudgels at theta: bad there Leon, he must have seen it.
—There were 110 acts of defiance. He did see the yeomanry
gallop up: two were gallopping in bout. There was no re-
ristaiset offered to the soldiers, our any encouragement hi Id
not for suck a purpose. The two soldiers isa Gout of them
could not, owing to the thickness of the crowd, get on, loot
fell back on the body. When they wore seen, some people
expressed their fears that they were to he attacked by the
soldiers. The people clarcreol them, nod so did the crowd.
This appeared to r• store coolish nee,for the peoplestoudquiet.
It struck him that the soldiers came to protect, not to molest
the meeting. The soldiers then galloppeJ as will as they
could towards the lou•oi!ocs; I saw them go up nearly to It,
Jon iug their mikes them The people could out fall bat k
quick Ysr arm, for they Woe soldiers) male
leg Into the crowd sod rotting. There was no resistance

whatever offered daring Ibis lo the soldiers ; the people fell
back and fled as quirk as they could.

Crost.examiniil.—Fle could mot tell the Ilisliore from
Mt. Buxton's huu►e to the hewing'. Ile bail 101'11 at Liver.
pool, but out with any address, or with Johnson, to Mr.
Cobbett. He went with the intention of dininc with Mr.
Cobbett ; be doted with him, hut did not go to invite Mr.
Cohlbett to a dinner at Blanchester. This was last No-
va usher.

Air. Justice BAYLtY thought thi■ part of the evidence
quite irrelevant. &sassiest pleviuus may be r.-seised, bul
nut since.

The witutos said he had uo fumer acquainianee with Mr.
Cubheti.

By the C0t:Am....4 Ile% el heard Johnson say any thing dis-
reputable of the Civet iheht ; 1 hat id sterna CONIMIIa.
illlll, With . .

John Ilatup•hire +wrist called in and • xsimine.l by
Hunt.—l nag um the 'mitotic. 1.
wind run were atresied. 1 do not r. memher hearing yes say,
pointing' to the aoldiers, " Ilt.•re are your enemies; if Illet y
mole*, )00, pill thrill down at.d keep then dust:' 1 WWI
upon the Itustintr.; I aaw the military nevi?,; they mapped
•i the cormyr. I aftrrwards saw them charge tivirants thr
but 81E4 ; my whole mention w.s dittoed to the ttlililary
after the chatt:e commenced. I saw 110 arts of Vielflife
etasnnttut Urn' the solthets. 110 r I lie brit rrsirtance made.
Cros.-examined by Mr. SCAR LETT --I wan 111,011 Ibe fond-
imp before 'Mr. Hunt range. I alw 110 one carry pointed
papers on the hiednoz.. .There it It: 14 Mille paper, I saw no
printed papers there. I turret 110 any ;welsh.d papers that
sworniug.

Mr. HUNT raid, that he 1134 hillserlo called evidence to
*hew that Ihr wet slug had heels praceablr, nsol had ufl••srd
wo otelerticc. to the essulitasv ;he It...sped he would stow be
*flowed lu *hew the 'Wm.- of the attack, ar3ll/1/11 which ilsry
forelcore to defend themgrlser.

Mr. Jamlke BATLEY.—Yost may 'hew, generally, that the
people had received provocation, and did not resent it.
Mr. limit Said he ft It he had a right to du Ibis but he
would bow Is bus 14irdvhip.
Mr. Justice HAYLVV said he was of a different opinion,
but he wool.] take a 11111,C or Mr. Hunt's Libre, vat 1011.

Mr. Sbuttlewurth examined by Mr. Hunt —$ am a mer-
chant !middies% at Blanchester. I was ■1 the Exchange about
eleven o'clock us. the 16th August. I saw several pasties
pass on their way to St. Peter'wheld. They were marching
wails considerable regulatity, in the form of procession, and
conducted themselves iu an extremely orderly sad d corona
1113111 ICE. 1 observed that several of the parties had banners
or flags, with inscriptions upon them; many of the inscrip-
tions merely stated the district from which the parties to
which they writ attached came. Smite of the imcriptious had
reference to questions of political interest. My attention
was directed to the lees, Mosley, and Saddleworth
lion, its consequence of their having a black Sag. This
pray conducted themselves strictly in good urder. I cannot
say what proportion of sticks were in that party, but I can
speak to the average number of sticks in the %link body.
In consequence of the attention and the observations witch
had been made of the number of stacks carried by pat-
t.es at previous meetings at Blancliestor, I determined to
count, as exactly as I could, the proportion canted me
this occasion. I did so upon several hundreds, anal the
result has left nu doubt us. any I that Huey was nut one
stick to ten persons. 1 speak only ut those who walked is
liroression ; flume wbo walked as the sides did not fume
under way notice. The sticks were such as ate usually cart tr.!
by country persons. I did nut oboe' yr any persons cart rug
loug slaves on their shoulder, ■s soldiers do muskets; had
this bees the case I think I must have observed it ; had use
in ben been warmed I think I must have °ben wed it. I NUM
state that dare was a party near she black Rag who I
could not see as distinctly as I could the rest of the pro-
cession; nothing objectimiable took plate its my per.
@ewe. There were several Wiser gralteisiesi in the Ex.
change at the time. The subscribers to Ilse Eschange
stood is a situation Gleanable fur ehaerratism. 1 dial
nut hear a Gawk expreniue graduating apprehtmeiwo or
alarm I. that carter;l the any stbjecttuti that WWI takers
to nay part of the prueeniew, was applied to the black
Rag. w►ieh was elearlesard. I wen ts. Petree-alrlsl about •
quarts. before lecke. 1 aaw nothing is the aotaiug w►ich

- -:'

!,

romW create in shy alms! a feat for the *defy of thp
There was nothing in their conduct, their manner, or Ikea
language that could fairly excite fear in a relit:oat mind ;
Nothing whatever according to my enneeptiau. Ito ai .
riving tan 61. Peter's-field, 1 pawed 11 rl. the :inn
toestithles which extended from Mr. Ite shin'. I
and took my station, about thirty-five yai is, from thee.
place, out the elevated grutind at the t Wind..
mtill-slre et. 'Ms was at an angle with ti.. tine who
led from the Msgostrates' house to the
by no means half way. '1 was about yard.. t:o%ti liar.
ten's house, and shout 00 from the n.. I ...a sties
rat pat ties at a tli.olaime. I saw autlinig whit. I is., the
renewal that excited my fears for the -...Ley
Bens; open au elevated situation I r000;d command ...ear
of the whale area. IVben the doll-lent parties arrived
they were received wills cheers and Cialigl4lllllll/0110 Ire
those already assembled. It appears la me that thiae
came to the maw' is processiosi had a way made (UV the ra,
to the hustings. I remained in this ritualism moil pest
one o'clock, 'orlon it was ssuilersiosal that you neat 11, c-e oh.,
Were la kb you were eumiug orl the ground. I thee u,/,re,! if
1110 rear of the hosting*, and Werbill 15 yards foe,'
you were received with bowler and more continued ,:eery
than say other party. I heard distinctly what eon said :after
you got spots the hooinge. Tun ratls IS 110 girder, And node
some remarks on the isecesaity of keeping ashore dorm the
proceedings, to order that 1110/e at the 'earthily of Ca,
electing, inglit have is, favourable asoppariussity of me
as was possible in their lineation. Yoe stil weieextrootir.,.
the meeting to be peaceable, when some iliaterietece
look place in the rear of the hoisting.; and as that was throe
the ugly part of the meeting (ruin wn,rh the mune hosted, it
appeared to me that you turned roiled in einem sveiler,
and billed something to this effect—That those:
Ibvy must condoet theme fern with sailer and propriety,
yet he did not Wish them to rumps-441111e the right
every Englishman to Interfere for the pre-re:mem a.(
disturhtinee, Mid if parties in that directs., WOl4l/1 yen.
gist w ntienipting 111 breed a riot (fur that was Fiore
word?, yuu trusted they would put !h. it. &two, and keep
them down. In saying tine, you addressed yarns If to that
place from whence the 104/IOC pniceededs Where I aloud
there was a large posse of special essestalidea, many ii(
whim seemed mixtues to hear you, and When shill appeal
of your eurceetleil in restoring tranquillity. snauy of them
exelaimed, " Well dime, Hunt, that's right!" immediately
after, some companies of a rout regi tttt it marched rout, I
the corner of Coopenstrcet into Dicklosuseitrete, and
faced there fronting the meeting. Tha. oceasiursed some
diswiler ht lint part of the meeting which was in sight
of the station they took. Mr. Hoot observing the dis-
order, said something about its being a trick, mud desired the
people to girt tone cheers, which was done. Assuredly
dal not penal to the soldiers, and say to the people, " 'Eh a.:
are yaur euensies; if they molest sow, pal thirst dose aid
keep them down;" on the centrally, I have my dauhes wl,e.
this any perms, on She homilies could see Hickiiiieues-afrett.
It seemed to me that your object its di sines( the peop:e
to girt three cheers was to restore tranquillity, and it haul
Thal t fleet. I stood near the windmill i there was a esia-
siderable body of constables arse use. If any penes wished
to conttnaniciste with the hustings, it appeared tu me quite
practicable, through the line of constables I observed some
little change of situation, hut I did Not see that any comma.
siltation aos made to the hustings. I ea« we attempt 'wide
to cut olf this line of communication. There eeriabily was
out • dense phalanx of Reformers 10 or he fief deep its our
re tor of the himatinge. I saw the yeuusiney cevaliy an ire
future Mr. Custom's house. Up to this period I had not
so ro buy thing to excite my fears for the merely of the town.
spoke to treat members, hilt heard ito such fears ea pelt. ii
by any of them. To the heel of try recollective' you de-
air, .1 that the cavalry shunts' be received with, cheers, au/
they were so received. I did owl hear at,,, Innings or !i.e.!.
logs un their arrival. If this had been dune emir wheoe
I ma', I must have heard it. The people turned noted,
but I wow no brandishing of cudgels. I did Out are u.ie
a. t of insult or Ll:Saute offered to then military on Vise
day. While lb. people were cheering 1 moved from ;'re
pare where I stood to within a few yards of she left i u k
of the yegiumery. While I was is the net of doing this, Ike
yi °Hilary rivalled, flourishing their Nissan!• in the sir. Thl4
vended to ratite cousidesable agitators, and there WI. a
cusirmsal noise for a few tooluents, and many of the special
contd.:ilea, reaching from Buxton's hews, to the hustings,
fell beck, so as to leave an open spree about the hustings of
near fifty yards. When this WOO dune the cavalry prucerdsd
at a quick pace towards the hustings. Their speed seemed
to iurcease as they passed this conipanitively open apace,
and those in front entered the crowd at what append tome
a gallop. This speed seemed to be clue-eked by the dense
and compact state of the crowd, which ocessioned very tee-
'Linable confusiou in the estop. I did not ohs. rve that any
of t liens were separated rum she rest. I dot nut observe the
m opt. doing any thine so resist them. I olio r tied soy attea-
lieue to thorns till they hid eeaehrd she hsnliaxe. I did oat
see one *tune, brickbat, or bludgeou burled as they par-
ceeiled tithe hustings.
Crum examined by )ire See jaunt Chong.-1 did ant knew
Mr. Hunt before, but I have heard of hint. I hays occasion_
ally seen The ilaneherter Itbserrer before the tan flag. 1 do
slot take it in. 1 know that Mr. Hunt presided at a meet-
ing at Smithfield, but I do not honor whither before or
otter the lath August. I have not read the evidewee got is
in this case. I tweet spoke to Mr. lions wood a t
dots ago. Had 1 kIIUWO of my own knowledge tl,at
Huns presided at the Spa-fields issettiort, it wouhl
not lure made me afraid SO hire it,,.. pre.ide at m, in-
elwvier. I think I never saw !afore so namerissis a niettieg
as Chit on the 16th August. Me. Hunt, 1 unfit Maw',
.1,1r41 at a meetiug at Manchester before the 16th Anemias
haul I did not see him. 'near are persons capatle of writ-
ing sad speaking in Mauch...sten l ass, ant arspiairsted
nth the parties w ho menage public meetings at Manche.-
tr I seep! those hit.] at the Exchange and Police alike.—
I I..inw Mr. Smith, of The IM-erpool Allerenra. 1 shoek
hands with him on the Exciissier on the 16.15. The preemie
there were congratulating each whrr us it bents stated
shat the Magistrates had intimated their hairuiltN not is
interrupt the meeting. A romour or this kind pervaded
on Saturday afternoon, through the whole of lintelaas
and on the Monday usor ee i ll g, tar certainly I should NM hise
gone to the meeting. I had at that tame heard of the drill-
ing rotund the town of Manchester, but 1 felt an alarm at
the idea of the parties coming lb Manch:sin, h. cause I uu-
derstuoil the drilling to he for the pat pose of piiseeedisse
the meeting with more regularity. I never heard 01th...flier
before the •assouncemesit of she meeting of she 916. 1 never
heard it announced that it was intruded Mr. Culdsett's ad-
vice was to be acted upon, and that a limit should he kept
for the purpose of entering the HOMO of persons guilty of
sets of violence and uppiess to the people, to be pro-
duced ors a future slay.--[Here a atessupsiper was trawled: to
witness ].-1 did out see t hesesolut nous of I Le Nutingleam most.
lag coutaiued in this paper. To the best of any recullertiois, 1
uever saw this 'paper before. Pretlests to tire meet lug I here were
ciren instances which excited coos' sh!e apprehension/in way
mind of the emisequences of the meeting. 1 ant WWI aware
of any apprelesisiuns having been ratified in my tuned for
the public safety. I apprehended *lathing (runt the ptop;e.
It *pm ared to nee, that whatever appreheissions were ewer.
were created by the threats of viuleisce tittered liy
preemie supposed to be in the coullileries of the )lazi.-
rate*, •sid the entesuair that the swords of the )eninsiiiy
were expressly sharpened shortly before the meeting o
held. Tho approlwasions east, /mined appeared to Ise troos
ntr impression that the Marostrates and peace onkel,
would disturb Ilse public peace. I have slot heard of ;els
cookileraciee Sall cumbinatioos amung the Itedical Refusal-
res. The only anniciatiou I know of is the Reform
Uriuu. 1 lsew unitising of the details of this Union. I I. .t
no
•Items MI this Ilaftl4lllllalll. I saw the pfrl leo march anus
town i they seemed much pleased. I am not aware that an.
person was alarmed at their appearance. 1 Ass nut kis".
that several Gentlemen had assembled at Ilse police sabre,
cousideriug of the beat means of preserving the Iron. I ea.
sot aware that there had bleu a meeting of the ishabitents
at the police office WSW was days after it was held. The
Kuchdak division starched wills snore regularity that; any
of the others. I did sot go t.. the Merlin of Magistrates
lueld at Mr. Buxton's tan the 16th. I did not go to that
Imre either OM that day Nor Non any other utoestun. I ass a
`theme of the Committee far the relief of the sufferers uts
Sim Mk. To the beet of Noy belief, the word taenemies"
ougeguewaklesed Mr. Host.
by Mr. mean the waterer; on the

f
11
it
•

16th Aeenst, special ennillh!es and othe►s, alto were injured
by the Iso e. 1.10 ,lispciairin of the me. ling. I wan principally
mina nous, to become a no oilier of this committee by a
felling of Iminsaity, hccaii.e 1 totally aborin from all
interference iti political m:.tl.vs. It W;l4 {:VOIFI'AIIy ru-
moured that the 101.4.111 r in the liele:/illo,tr, /noel were it traili
is, order to a to the meeting with ... re Orille'r than with-
out such an amingement they could do. I haw• beard
of a previous stetting having beets held, at whtela yyn
presided, but I heard of nothing which had taken place
there tlist mirild have crested any appelreben■ion in tpy
mind, from She meeting of the sixteenth. 1 heard of nu
having lakes plate ist previoua meeting. 1 knew
s.l the toweling called by the Earouchreema and canals-
to congratulate ine l .lure Regent un the prosperous
OM/ "if the ministry A great issonlwr of prsllotl3 assembled.
After the roullitiole had assembled the meeting was ail.
i.srsied. There was considerable violence 'hewn on that
vccasiou : the Exchange windows were broken. I have no
doubt but malty perms. attended frum she country. 1 think
there were 50,000 persons present. There were large pro-
cessions out the proclamation of peace in Manchester. I
joined in She procession. There were many of the labouring
classes present. We marulwil four ribrerd. I believe all
the shop windows were shut in St. Ann's.iquare, and in the
whole lisle which Slrs procession took. There were consi-
derably more shop windows shut no that occasion tliau on
the 18th of Angnall. The former was a town holiday, the
Liter was not so. 1 had my warehouse open all the slay.

By the donao..—There 1,63/ a cons;dernable number of
WIIMPU and children with all the p.trilei I saw. There was
also a considerable Dumber of both uu Si. Petcr's•field.

10411.Tyas, examined by Mr. Hoot-1 am a reporter on
The Tinter newspaper. I attended at the public meeting
of the II:th August ; 1 came to :Manchester on the Friday
before, the 9113 ; I went its a reporter to give an account
of the nseelinx. Of the lath we met in a room in the New
Bailey. I have relations in Manchester. I believe I only
scut one report of the pruceedings to Loudon. 1 wrote
a rep Jet which appeared in The Times, headed, " Aa.
other Bounce of the Orator's." 1 Willi to St. Peter's-
field au early as eight o'clock in the morning, and was
particular in my observation, during the whole of the day.
It hen I went at eight there were hut few people on the
hold ; about ten there were about two hundred and fifty per.
a.'ns present. I have not given any depositions to your
; I refused to be examiurd by him or any other
person. I saw the different parties arrive with music and
'in..; they walked as I saw the electors of York walk
en Tuesday, with something of a military step. If I had
not heard of this important trial, it would not make
the slightest impression upon me. 1 have the notes I took
on the ground, and also those I wrote in the New Bailey.
(Veils s ih,ers looked over his notes). About half-past
leeeu, the brat hotly of Reformers arrived on the ground
with two banners, each surmounted by a cap of li-
!write ; they marched into the middle of the field, and a cart
was brought to them. 1 saw other parties strive; they
h.•bas rd iu the moat orderly manlier. Idu not conceive they
bed; up their position in a military form. I saw nothing
peeoliar in thew manner after they came upon the field.
IN 'haps they were more orderly than any other meeting
I hwl seen. I saw the party with the block flag sr-
It was the Saddleworth and Mosley Union; they
crow a ith music, awl a sort of step. 1 recollect when
its v strived shunt the Wasting% Hwy played " Rule Bri-
taimia," soul " God save the King I do not mews to
sty, that they alone played ; each party played it as they
rirrieed. I think they also • played " See the Conquer.
itie Hero comes." Some in each division had common
walking sticks. I certainly did not see any with long staves,
shouldered like muskets, and my attention being called to this
subject tromp The Courier having stated that the party escort.
ing Mr. Hurd on the Ode carried long staves fill to be used as
pike-handles, I must have noticed them had they been there.
I raw not the slightest matter which could excite alarm in
rot breast for the safely of the town. 1 saw nothing in their
coollset tending to riot and confusion; I had several con.
vi 'Nations with persons in the Reform parties. They said all
eiey wanted wan, a restoration of their rights, and that they
were &sieves, above every thing else, to preserve order and
frangiedlity. I felt it my duty to ascertain whether the re-
ports I heard were true or nut. I caw no acts of iusult or vio-
lence in Roy way. There were many women and children in
the fr. 1.1, and many of them came in iu the same order as the
men. I saw two parties where the women were at the head of
the procession. They all appeared to be dressed in their hest
clothes. If I, es a reporter, bad seen or heard any thing
bk. ty to ciente alarm, 1 should, as an Englishman, have fi It
it my duty to acquaint the authorities with it. I left the
remold for. the purpose of going to meet you. I saw you
sorrounded by a crowd, near the Exchange; the people were
herzaing. I applied to you to procure me a place on the
hustings, which yon promised to do, and told me to keep
urn. the carriage. You said, that king a reporter you
would ;;are me a seat in the carriage. I held by the door,
awl aatke.t close by the carriage; it stopped at the Star
fon, wet Orr people hissed. Ido not know whether the car-
e isee tr./I.prd by accident or by design. You did not take
the command, or direct the people to hiss ; you did nut get
up in the marriage, nor did you hiss ; had you dune either
meat have seen you. There was also sonic hissing at the
cud of the street in which the Police office was. Yuu took
sou part in it. Soon after this you called to Mr. eloorhouse,
who was stn the opposite ride of the street, and he got into the
carriage at your invitatiun. Oa arriving on the field the
band played "See the conquering Hero comes." You
were r. ,cited with the loudest cheering I ever heard in my
You " bore your blushing hosours meekly," There
via a black flag •1 the rod of the hustings, and you said it
aas tel y foolish, or words to that effect. I recollect your
cemplaining dint the hustings ware erected is tech a man-
na( that you had to speak against the wind. I followed tun
upon the Westing., as did aeverelother persoes, among whom
were several (maks. I think they were taken up in collar.
itueuce of the pressure. I observed the banners to the mid-
dle of the crowd, and ooticed several women amongst the
mess. The crowd itself was more demise and moss crammed
together limo any I have ever seen before or
The people kept cheering Johnson proposed that yore
should be the aridness. There was no military appearance
in the crowd. I could not pet ceive whether the people near
the holdings had their arms locked or uut, though I was
immediately over them. I saw 'erasing to keep the people
from the linstinga; they were pr. ssing so close that you
ceprewed your fears that they would upset it; I heard you
eumplaia of this. Had those close to she hustings bad their
arms locked, I asset have seen them. The crowd stood
a. rived' generally du. 1 cannot say that the first row
had their hats off. It is usual for the crowd to take their
bats off whew the hero of the day arrives. I saw nothing
of a warlike appearance about the nueting.—[Here witness
read from his wiles the account of the meeting which he
had sent to The Tisios.)—When the military appeared a
considerable Waren was manifested in the outskirts of the
'wet The cavalry came up at a smart trot, halted before
Mr. Buxton's, and flourished their swords over their heads.
Mr. Hunt end Mr. Johnson desired the crowd to give three
cheers. 'flits, I conceive, was to sheer the military that the
meeting were not to Ire daunted in the discharge of their
duty ft tlwir unwelcome presence. 'three cheers were
g:yeu. Mr. Hunt told the people that ibis was a mere trick
to ostarrupt the proceedings cat the meeting, but he trusted
:hey would all stand hem. lie had scarcely said these words
"lieu the Mancheeter yeiimaiiry cavalry rode into the mule
which gave way before them 111 the must peaceable manner,
.end directed their course to the hastier- They arrived
• :ierr. and wok the several individuals into custody. I
..collect air ufficer came up to you with his sword is his
lisud am/ told you. to surrender; tbat he must arrest you.
Yon smil you would out surrender to II military officer,
f•lot a any peace officer came up, you would go with War.
?%is peace officer had presented himself to the busting• be-
fore that. Nadu (as I was afterwards told) then came up.
the appeared to me to conic from flitter the waggon. He
arrested you, 'laying, he hod information upon oath against
you. You immediately surrendered, first desiring the peo-
ple In he quiet. On the approach of the yeomanry, the people
used no resistance; they got out of the way as fast as
they could. My atteulites was directed to the yermaaary hum
the time they left Mr. Buxton's, till they reached the bow-
ing. Its their progress to the busting., I saw au stoves,
Wieldier's, or bludgeon* hurled at them. 1 cannot say whether
you turned pale, as sly heck was to you. You certainly did
wit urge any one to any acts or resistance. If Noses, be ark-
hats, or bludgeons were hurled at the Military is snuggest

LONDON,

FRIDAY, IVlAscu 24, 1820.

The Paris Papers of Monday last contain some
further interesting particulars respecting the pro.
gress of the revolution in Spain. A perfect eon&
deuce and unanimity seem moot happily to subsist
between the KING and his people, which must tend
to dissipate every anxious solicitude for the future
tranquillity of the Peninsula. The moderation of
the Constitutionalists during the recent arduous
proceedings has been no lees conspicuous than
their energy and firmness, and the KING fortu-
nately submitted to their claims before the violence
of a civil war had acerbated the public mind, and
given to political differences the active malignity of
personal hostilities. It seems that even in the
wannest effervescence of public feeling. excited by
the hopes or apprehensions of • revolutionary
struggle, the troops forgot nit the respect date to
the Royal Person, and lost only did the revolted
soldiers abstain from ail language that might he
offensive to the KING, but they evinced the most
remarkable solicitude for his personal safety;
when the garrison of Madrid had resolved to
join the national army in ease the KING should
not accept the Constitution, they formed the de-
termination of leaving two regiments in the capital
fur the sole purpose of protecting his MAJESTY
•tid the Royal Family. This is an interesting and
gratifying incident, which the philanthropist will
remark with • feeling of pride, for the sake of poor
human nature, and to which the future historian
will turn with mingled surprise and pleasure, as au

otairreact that not only dothi tinnolor to the Spanish
people, but hat contributed to strip the revolution
in Spain of those tiogry passions, which aliii.i•t of
necessity have accompanied similar eventful petiods
in the aerials •of othtr countries. when the. people
have risen to shake off the btird..ti of slavery.
BY iitt edict issued on' the gth instils'', the Kirsg
oh SI'AIN announces that he ha. taken the math
reqftered by the Constitution, in presence of
a Previsional Junta, consisting of per.ons 'enjoy.
ing the confidence of the waning, mid nominated
ad interim, until the • regular installation of the
General Curies. The Members of the Novi.
rims' Junta are.—the Cardinal she Bourbon, •Pre-
vi lent; Don Francis Ballatoeros. Vice-l'resident ;
the Bishop of Valladolid. Don Manuel Ahed
QdrYlot, Don Manuel Dun Mateo
Valdeasorcw, Don Vincent Sancho, Colonel of En.
Outer.. the Count de Tebeeda. Don Francia
Crespo de Triads 1). Bernardo Tarrins. and D.
Ignatio Przuele.
A second Edict appoints Din F. Billasteros
Geuersl-iii-Chiefuf the army of the centre. The
first of these decrees purport. to be issued from the
Rove/ Press, and the second, published only a few
hours after, (rum the National press.
The edict which declared that all peruses impri-
soned on account of their political opinion should
be set at liberty, also invites all Spaniards who may
fur the amine cause have left thCir country, to re-
turn. This circumstance boa been officially uoti.
tied by the Doke Dt SAN FIRDN•NDO, Chief Se-
cretary of State for Foreign Affair., to the Duke
DC SAN CARLOS, his Catholic Majesty's Ambas-
%odor to the Court of England ; to the Duke Da
FEN AN.NUNIZ, Ambassador to the Court of the
Tuileries; and to all other Ambassadors and Mi-
nisters from Spain to foreign countries, that they
should publicly apprise all Spaniards willing to re-
turn to their mauve country, that they hive re-
ceived order, to provide them with the necessary
per•poortl. fur that purpose.

Whet' the order was issued for giving liberty to
the persons above mentioned, the malefactors con-
fined in the principal prison of Madrid hoped to
take advantage of the opportunity to rft•ct their
escape, and attacking the keepers, overpowered
them, and killed them. The guard, however, for-
Innately arrived, and fired upon the pirators.
Nineteen of the miterable wretches were killed, and
the remainder were returned to their imprisonment.
The Municipal Body of Madrid, as it existed
under the Cortes in the year 1814, has been re-
established, mid a deputation front this body was
present when the KING took the oath to the Con-
stitution. This oath the Ktwo first took in the
Council Chamber, and repeated it iu presence of
the people. All the garrison of Madrid, in grand
intrude, also swore to maintain the Coostitutioit,
and Madrid was magnificently illuminated fur three
successive nights, in manifestation of the general
joy of the people.

Reports prevailed in Paris that the King of
SPAIN, after having sworn to observe the Consti-
tution, retired from the capital to San Ildeforiso;
others stated that he had abdicated the throne, but
these rumours are so utterly improbable, that we
are doubtful whether we ought to have noticed
them. The want of intelligence from Cadiz, has
excited an apprehension that the cotutotinication
between Cadiz and Madrid was interrupted.
One of the P.Aris Papers announces that an in-
surrection has broken out at Lisbon. The Gazette
de France says, that in the Lisbon Journals of the
4th Isere is no indication of any disposition, on
tire part of the Portuguese, to disturb the existing
Government; but who would feel any surprise at
learning that the people of Portugal had resolved
to imitate the example of their neighbours, and re-
lease themselves from their present wretched con-
dition ?

We lately announced the illness of Lord Dust-
umi.—His Lordship, we regret to state, died on
i'ssesday last, at his house in Arlington-street.—
He is succeeded in his titles and estates by hie
eldest son, the Hon. LAWRENCE DUNDAS, recently
elected Representative for York, his sent for which
city is thus Iwcorne vacant. The late Lord DUN-
DAs was Lord Lieutenant and vice-Admiral of
Orkney and Shetland.

Yraterday afternoon, about five o'clock, his MA.
JESTY arrived at his palace in Pall-mall, from the
pavilien at Brighton.
Yesterday morning the Duke of YORK left town
for Ostliiiiils. His Royal Highness returned to
town in the evening, and dined with the Ea►l of
SitArrtsaußY.

Pr a LEOPOLD left Clarelnont for London yes-
terday afternoon. Ulm Royal Highness stopped on
his way at the King's palace at Kensington, and
dined with the Duchess of KENT.
)(ester(Lty the Ditches. of CLARCNCE dined with
the Duchess of KENT, at the King's Palace, in
Kensington.
Yi-sterdAy morning the Princess AUGUSTA ho-
noured the 0011111,1111 of HARCOURT . and others of
the Nobility, with

The Princess A !Amax bat Na. the infant daughter
of the. Duchess of KKNT. was taken out for au
yesterday. in Prince LEOPOLD'S carriage.
Yesterday the Princess AuGuiT♦ dined with the
Duke and Duchess of GLOUCESTIK.
Yesterday evening their Royal Highnesses the
Duchess Of GLOUCISTER and Psincass A uausTA
visited her ___l(..yal Highness Princess SoPHIA, at
Cambridge House, South Audlepotreot.

