COMMITTEE.

T.Corder I J. Wilson I J. Carter
T. Hasler J. Unett W. Wagliorn
THURNELL, Agent. J. HASLER Secretary.

IMPSON'S ROYAL ELIXIR of LlFE.—This Mc-
dicine, from its balsamic and restorative quslities, fully tne
rite the above name. It was originally prepared by a Physician of
the French Court for a late King of France, and the recipe having
been purchased by the present proprietor, is most faithfully ad-
hered to.

Fur flatulence, spasms, or gout in the stomach, its bent licial
effects are unrivalled, as it gives immediate relief io such castrt ;
and no person subject to those alarming complaints ought to be
without it.

It promotes appetite, and gradually restores digestion in cases of
nervous debility, whether occasioned by a long residence in tropical
climates, natural deficiency of energy in the system, or front a too
luxurious mode of life ; this Elixir will be found (on a sufficient
trial) a never-failing restorative to tone and vigour.
Gentlemen who occasionally exceed the strict bounds of tem-
perance will, by taking a dose of this Elixir, on retiring to
rest, exempt themselves from the usual unpleasant effects of such
excess the following day.
This medicine is also used by distinguished orators of the s2nre,
the pulpit, and the bar, as it revives the frame, and restores time
voice when painful exhaustion is produced by long declamation ;
and at the same time is so perfectly innocent, that the most delicate
females and children may take it, without fear or alteration of their
accustomed habits.
It is sold in bottles, at I Is. each, including stamp, by J. V.
Simpson (acting proprietor), No. till, lienrietta.stroet. Coveut•gar-
den, London ; at the Libraries; ut the most fashionable watering-
places and towns of Public resort ; and by the principal medicine-
venders throughout the United Kingdom.

PARLIAMENTARY IN TE LUG ENCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS. AlosnAv, Arno.
,17.

SCOTCH CURRENCY.

Several petitions from Perth were prettented by the Duke of
ATHOL. praying that no alteration might be made in the bit*.
htit system of Scotland.
Petttionn to the came effect were promoted from Dumfries, by
the Earl of Kingston ; from We and Inverness, by Lord Ar.
hotlines t by the Harold. of Mindy, from it 1)., and Cmmartie,
from Tartrate, from the farmers of Slornyohire, from two.placen fn
Ahdrdernahire. and from Kirkaldy • and by the Earl of Rosalyn
Atiins inemparived trader of St. Andrew's.
l• Hi. Crefer,from the Treasury. delivered reams of the imports

lid exports of Ireland, since 1790.
Sr Wm. Ingilby and ,there, from the House of Commons,
lliemsght up the Irish Lau Proceedings and Stamp Dutlem Bill.
Deneral nsiteoyrie a.ul others brought up the Liverpool Im-
provement Bill, and the Kill fur regulating the Management of the
Indigent Blinds _

A ISOLITION OF NEGRO SLAVERY. •
lead SPENCER presented a petition from Romano, in North.
otriptonshire, for the amelioration ofalarery ire the West Indies.
Similar petitions were presented from the city of (Augur, and
from Compete. in Stirlingshire, by the Earl of Roseherry ; from
Rome bland, by the Earl of Rosalyn ; and•froin Wilton, by Lord
%Meld.
CORN LAWS. _ _

.....
The Earl of 311AFTESBURY presented.a petition frousthe
Love Mayor and Common Council of London, praxiog that foreign
grabitedght be enniitted to a certain extent.
ROMAN CATHOLIC •PHIIIITION. •
The Marquis of LA NSDOWN, in rine* to Present the petition
of those persons who had been member,* of the-Catholie Manch,
don In Dublin, said he could hardly place that petition on the taltio
without offering some remarks, although it was not his wish, nor
did he conceive it to be his duty, to invite any controversial tegu-
ment on a subject which had often before, and often would again.
occupy the attention of their Lordships. Tate petition was placed
In his hands in consequence of the loss which the House had sus.-
tattled of a Noble Member, whose services were always devoted to
the cause of his Catholic fellow-subjects, and who; through the
whole of his political life, continued its most able, uncompmmis-
ing, and disinterested advocate. Hut though the grave had closed
over that Noble Lord, as ft had closed over marry great men, who
were compelled to leave to others the task of tesping the beneficial
harvest of their labours; yet on long as the people retained the
sense of equal right, as long as a nureemus population, which ex-
clusion might unite hot could not diminish, continued to feel (and,
God forbid they should cease to feel !) their political disability to he
stigma and an injury, so long would the petitions of the people
motions to appeal to the mercy and justice of their Lordships.
Having said so much of the circumstances under which he pre-
sented the petition, it was not his intention to detain their Lord-
ships with any trite arguments. There was one point, however.
which his duty to the petitioners required he should• advert to.
Under whatever circumstances of irritation the petitioners might
labour, there wart nothing objectionable in their language. Ile was
sure that even those of their Lordships who were hostile to the ob-
ject of the petition, would candidly weigh the difficult situation in
which the petitioners were Lined, and would not overlook the merit
-of their moderation. The petitioners had abstained from all pole-
mical discussion, which, however fitted to be the theme of instruc-
tions from the pulpit, or dissertation in literary publications, was
not lit to be presented to their Lordships. The petitioners had also
expressly disclaimed the doctrines of divided allegiance, which had
been imputed to them without sufficient foundation. He hoped
their Lordships would bear that circumstance in mind. a circum-
stance which, united to die number and respettability of the peti-
tioners, rendered the petition deserving of the most serious attention.
lie would only add that he persevered in sentiments favourable to
the petitioners, and he hoped that the same sentiments would
become every day more generally diffused. The Noble Lord con-
eluded by moving that the petition should be read at full length.
The Noble Marquis presented at the same time a similar peti-
tion from the Protestants of Ireland. _ .

These petitions were then both read at full length.
Earl OREV begged leave to call the attention of the (louse to
a petition sent from the same body which had entrusted a petition
to his Noble Friend. The petitioners could not have entrusted
their cause to a more able advocate, and his Noble Friend had
shown his prudence by declining to enter into any discussion, and
by confining himself to the usual course of laying the petition
on the table. lie would confine himself to a similar course, but
he would express, in common with his Noble Friend, his firm con.
viction, which every year confirmed, that disqualifications on sc.
coon. of religion, if not justified by some urgent state necessity,
could not be justified by any motives of policy or justice. Upon
the abrogation of all such disqualifications depended the welfare
and prosperity of Ireland, and with that the tranquillity of the
British empire. He believed it inexpedient to enter at this nomeot
into any discussion, but he would state what be considered to be
, of srmoti importance. that that question must inevitably crate before
their Lordships again and again and he looked forward to a time
when, brought forward under the auspices of his Ncine Fr end, it
would arrive at a happy and satisfactory conclusion. The Noble
Lord then called the attention of the House to the petition. The
petitioners expressed their deep sense of the injuries which they
suffered in consequence of their political disabilities. They stated
that they had at various periods had recourse to various expe-
dients to recover their right ; that they had made use of the Ca-
tholic Association to attain that end ; that the Association was
founded on precedents and on constitutional principles; that the
Association had been assailed with unfounded allegations; tine

that the petitioners had endeavoured to defend it b; a petition to
their Lordships, but had met with no attention. The petitioners
expressed their sense of injury in very strong terms. but not in
stronger terms than might be tolerated in men in their situation.
The prayer of the petition was for the repeal of the law passed re-
lative to the Catholic Association. The Noble Earl said he should
consider his duty discharged by moving that the petition should lie
on the table; but to save their Lordships trouble lie would, while on
his-legs, present a similar petition from the parish of St. Andrew's,
Dublin. He would not say anything of the general objections made
to the bill brought into Parliament last Session, relative to the Catho-
lics; but the petitioners wished the attention of their Lordships to
be called to w hat were termed the wings; of that Bill—provisinns which
were intended to serve the measure, but which really clogged and
entangled it. The object of those wings was to disfranchise a great
body of men on a vain allegation of abuse, without any attempt to
remedy the abuse, except by depriving the freeholders ot their sights.
To that proposition he felt the strongest objection, and he rut not
therefore surprised to find that the petitioners, instead of usirg
vague complaints, particularised those wings as peculiarly elarmit.g.
The Noble Earl said that he felt it hls duty to say so much on be-
, halt' of men who were seeking the restoration of their rights : no
question could come before their Lordships of greater importance
; than that which involved the exclusion of Roman Catholics from
the rights of British subjects.
The petition was then read and ordered to lie on the table.
OFFICES IN THE WEST INDIES.
. .

Lord SUFFIECI) rose for the purpose of making the motion of
which he had given notice, the object of which was to prevent the
appointment to official situations of persons having an interest In
slave property. His Lordship said he felt the disadvantage of intro.
ductile the subject after the eloquence displayed by his Noble
Friends near him, on the presentation of the petitions front the
Roman Catholics of Ireland. His Lordship stated that his motion
was not connected with the question of the abolition of slavery ;
and, whatever might be his opinion upon that subject, he did not
wish to connect his present motion with it; neither did he wish to
enter upon the question of the incompatibility of slavery with the
Christian religion, although he could quote the authority of the
Colonist, to show that, even by them, it was not always attempted
to reconcile slavery with the dictates of Christianity. His Lordship
then quoted the Royal Gazelle of Jamaica, of the year 1808, in
which it was maintained that., if it was intended to give religious
instruction to the black population of the West lollies, they must
first be emancipated. 11,9 th respect to the idea of giving compen-
sation to the owners of West India property upon emancipating
their slaves, his Lordship could not approve of it; for the last :ftf
years the Colonies were a burden to this country, and he thought it
time for the Colonists to contribute something to the support of the
mother country ; but. with reference to the present motion, lie
wished to state to their Lordships that his object was not to confer
civil rights upon the coloured population, but to protect them from
criminal wrong. The report of Commissioner Dwarris was suffi-
dent to prove that no person interested in slave property ought to
be appointed as a public functionary in the Colonies. Amongst
the evils of slavery was not only the effect upon the slave himself,
but also the operation of it upon the slave-owner, whose mind
could not be improved by the connexion ; and this consideration
was a principal motive with his Lordship in bringing forward his
motion. In two or three of the islands something had been done
for the amelioration of the condition of the slaves, but the example
had not been generally followed. In Jamaica, Sunday labour was
not required. In the islands of Grenada and Tobago, the evidence
of slaves in certain cases Was admitted. The right of negroes to
possess property was allowed in the Bahamas; but the practice of
flogging females was not abolished in any of the islands. The non-
separation of slaves was enacted in two islands; but it was of the
administration of the law, such as it was, of which his Lordship
complained. According to the reports upon their Lordships' table,
there had been 111 complaints mule, before the Fiscal, by slaves
against their masters, and the result was that 12 of the complainants
were punished, two reteored to their masters, and two of the slaves
were redressed ; and, of six complaints which had been made by
masters against their slaves, the entire were redressed. His Lord-
ship then referred to several' cases of cruelty to slaves; amongst
others. that of a female in a state of pregnancy. In this instance
the driver remonstrated with the manager, whose reply was, give
it to her until the blood comes !" This punishment was inflicted
on a Friday, and on Saturday (the next day) she was compelled to
gn into the fields to work. I; appeared, by the reports, that
slaves were often punished, even upon suspicion; and, on one
occasion, when the poor slave complained to the manager, the an-i
swer was that he would be put into the stocks, and, upon appeal
to the Fiscal, the redress was a severe reprimand. 1 Here his Lord-
ship alluded to many cases of cruelty and debauchery upon the part
of managers, and aid in almost every instance the unfortunate
slaves were denied any redress when they had appealed in the
Fiscal*" His Lortlxbip thought that there was an obstinate mist-

Pipi '

Price 7d.. .

, • .
once to the wishes of this country on the pprt of 'the tame prOp►ot.
tore7-he thought-it a blind as well al an. Obstinate lei se
thought there was great inconsistency Gott* part of etimiiiithketer
Dwarris irrhis reports; =digs Letraddy. thought it noreetabtiligi
to expect thakany magistrate. who PAW the poorlftfOr of 4rgar
could perform' ft% titian between gem= and *me
His Lordship was well await" that. in whet he had said, ha:
have exposed hirreelf.te the sareaStie talents of the Noble Vlseptint
(1/tidley and Ward) oppodta.'whoei eloquence ee eacnlffir•lP'
ported the present system of slavery 4 but nothing. would eteteft
from taking frequent orportonities of calling public attention tn.the
subject of slavery. His Lordship did not wish to raise a damper,
but he wished, in every way consistently with thopublic sefetyoe
amuse that sort of feeling. which would ultimately lead to an top.
partial admini,trationof justice, if not a total abolition of slavery,
in all the British Colonite. His Lordship then moved.," 'riot an
Address be presented to his 311yeetipaying that no pavan sboraid
be approbited ,to the situation of amt. Judge,
al, ne7'Fisral, or Guardian. in the 'est India Colonies, who
1 a direct or reveraionary interest in slave property.”
Evil BATHURST did not wish to =buoy then taarastoop
time; as the 'object had been 'so often diecessed, he woutiLnot
enter upon • lengthened discoed= at the.present time, pastovriattily
as he agreed generally with the principles bad down by the,b9W
JAW 'who had imroduced the motion Aso ;helots their Irehtry.
that it would be &Kimble= effect oily reform which might -
-temefell in the Colonies through IM agency of the.t'olenied,laroisia-
lure.; ; and it was nu this account, miscipelly. that he ohjectliklo
the motion of the Noble Lord. With moped to the immune!,
cruelty on the part of Managers' and of topeotice es the part f
Fisents, which had hem adduced by the Noble Lund. be .04
say that, even le this snotty, thereon@ iitateonaofelsolltif.oo ki/S
piecertwastars am noweerieesoosheformieyere to their teruptp,
-bet Such Instances would be no fen criterion to judge by t and,
with regard tone Fisceii, he most say that the dit%cultiesott)r
situations entitled them to great consideration. Hie Lowdejlp
could not perceive the inconsistencies which had been choirgirl apse
Mr. Dwarrin in his capacity as e Commisaioner. The inZontos-
!etc,. if it conhi bell() called, was between the law and the teacakes,
in mine of the falsnihr, where the slaves were allowed a protecit
ind indulgence to which they were not legally entitled. U kix
Under
,gll
the eircornwanere of the case, although his Lordship did noo mean
to dissent from the general principles laid down by tile /46b1•
Mover. he frir•it his duty to move the order of the day.
• Lora SUFFIELD did not wish to press his motion. after..
declaration of the Noble Earl that there was no difference of
noon between .them upon the principles which he had stated 4. •
would thereinto withdraw his Mellen.
Lord ELLENBOIiGU(#I wished that the maitre of the-Nehlo
Lord had been met by a direct negative. Whatever was to be
done for the coloured population of the Colonies, might be doge
moat effectually by the silent operation of Government. Neither
Ministers nor Parliament could interfere with she right of pro-
perty ; and if they were disposed, the nation would never toosellt
to ft without giving compensation to such as might eater by the
change. Nothing cettld have ammo powerful effect upon ilteelb.
dition of the slaves than the example of persons in authority. His
Lordship did not wish to alarm the proprietots of slaves; he withid
first to meliorate the condition of the slaves, and when they tone
prep iced for freedom, he would then compensate their nutieen fir
01,y hist which they might sustain.
Ln-cl e A LTHOR Pl.: was not disposed to go BO far sa aanyotblts
in altering the condition of the slaves ; but be would alwaftsup-
port any measure which would improve it.
Lord DUDLEY and WARD assured the Noble .ILandtitfto
made the motion, that he had no intention of remarkingrti
laily upon any observations which might have fallen from hint, nee
did he wish to treat the sultkicet before their Lordships with any de-
gree of levity ; but he could not agree in the repositien of the
Noble Lord. to exclude the proprietors of stoves limn hhkited Ist-
tuitions in the West Indies. Some petsons hod pone so tab to
say that they should be excluded from seats in Parliament ; but
to this. of routs.... he would be also opposed.
Lord ST. VINCENT could take upon himself to say, that there
wee no indisposition on the pert of the West India ptoprietiffett
give a moral and religious education to their shires.
Lord SUFFIELI) was about to make sonic remark, but
The LORD CHANCELLOR interfered, and said, the die-
cussion was quite irregular, as the original motion hid been
withdrawn.
Their Lordships adjourned at • Quarter-put eight (MI MI.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MONDAY, Ariull•

IRISH MANUFACTURING BILL.
Mr. SPRING RICE brought up the Report on the Irish
nufacturing Bill, which was ordered to be received, and several
amendments were agreed to.
CORN EXCHANGE BILL.
Sir E. RNATCHBULL moved that the Report on the Cern
Exchange Rill behrought ap. •
Sir T. BA RING opposed the Bill. He said, that although
private property might be encroached upon for the benefit of the
poblic, yet it was ircumbent on the proposers of the me tsure be-
fore the House to prove that they could not attain their object
without injuring the interests of the individuals at present in pos-
session of the Corn Exchange, and also to prove that the measure
itselfwas absolutely requisite for the interests of the public. As, in
his opinion, this had not been done, he should move as an amend-
meat that the Report be brought up that day six months.
Mr. HUME seconded the amendment. if the present Corn Bs.
change was not large enough, he should not oppose the building of
soother; but no complaints had been made of that which now ex-
isted, and therewere therefore no public grounds for interfering with
the property of private individuals.
Sir J. BRYDGES contended that the measure was absolutely ne-
cessary., owing to the want of proper accommodation for carrying on
the corn trade.
3lr. T. WILSON said that the impression upon his mind was,
th..t the corn inarl,,t was sufficiently large, and the enlargement of
it would best:tended with great incanvenience,because it would then
be filled with j,ditier, and corn-chandlers, to the great dentrnens
of the public. Ile should therefore oppose the bringing op of the
Report.
Mr. C. SJIiTLI said a few words, which were inaudiblein the
Gallery.
Mr. H. SU3INER said the Corn Exchange was established 75
years ago; since that period the population of London had been
doubled, and, of course, some greater convenience Was necessary. It
Was true that it was private property, but it could not be altogetliss
considered as such, considering that it was used for public put.
poses. He did not think the views of the parties who had project-
ed the new corn market in anLy measure unreasonable, and therefore
he telt bound to support the Bill.
11 r. CURTElS.supported the Bill.
Sir ROBERT WILSON said that it 'was proved that the pre.
sent Corn Exchange was a monopoly, and that there was a bye..
law by which they excluded from the market every person who was
not a factor ; thus electing themselves into a body exclusively to
supply the metropolis. Every proposition which could in reason
t.)o made to gain the' assent of the proprietors of the present Cora
Exchange had been offered by the Committee, and had been re.
jected. They told then) they would build a new Corn Excbangle
adjoining theirs, and only asked for ingress and egress thronelt
their premises ; but this they refused, although full indemnity was
offered them. Lest any doubt should exist in their minds as to the
antiiviency of the indemnity, they were told that they might male
their own arrangements, so as to force the projectors to give thefts
the fullest indemnification that a jury could deem not unreasona-
ble. The market was originally built by a joint-stock company.
and it cost the sum of 60,000/. It was proposed to pay them the
whole of this sum ; and to insure it to thew, it was proposed to peas
the Bill for one year only, in order that if the WOOL was not theu
paid, they might have their remedy. All these and other proposf-
dons were rejected, which clearly proved that they were only
anxious to support their monopoly. Under these circumstances. be
felt bound to give his most strenuous support to the measure under
the consideration of the House.
Mr. CA LCRAFT said, that the object of the Bill was to taker
premises away from persons who held them as private property ;
and, because they resisted this infraction upon their property, thy
projectors of the Bill now turned round upon them, and said dint
they were monopolists. What, however, was the fact? Why,
the holders of the premises said, " in the name of Heaven compete
with us, if you like, but do leave to us our own premises." Ile
could not consent to the grossest infraction of private right,. fbt the
sake of benefiting a speculating joint-stock company, with nothing --
more-than problematical public benefits to justify the premed/rig.
The propriewrs had no sort of objection to the projectors erecting
another corn market, if they chose to do so; but they *could see no
just reason why they should call upon there to give up:then, pre-
mises, or why they should be compelled to do so. Ifs roint.stoek
company were to start a national bank in opposition to the Bank of
England, would it be reasonable for them to 01,113 t to that House,
and not only ask that the House should them permission to
commence operations, but that it shoulder: ct.ompel the propriesom
of the Bank to give them up their premises ? Ile was decidedly
opposed to the measure.
Sir EDWARD K NATCH BULL said, that from the imp**
he had made, he felt no doubt but that it would be a measure ire-
neficial to the public. It had been said by the Honourable Medi.
ber opposite (Mr. talcraft), let them go and build elsewhere; but
the fact was, the place they had fixed upon was the only proper one
for such a purpose. It would be nothing short of madness to ruts
all over London for a place for such a building, or to attempt the
erection of one, tor instance, at the west end of the town. He
should, therefore, give his most cordial support to the measure:
convinced, as he was, that the measure would prove beneficial to

the public.
Mr. Alderman WOOD said, that he agreed that an extensism
of the corn market was necessary Mr the convenience of thecoen
trade of the metropolis. The projectors of the new market had, as
fact. purchased the land adjoining the present Coen Exchange, mul
all they wished was permission to open a communication from one
market into the other, without which it would be wholly useless w
aroceed at all in their purpose. He could not see that any,keasosi.
ble objection could be ofieved to the measure, which was real**
indispensable. lie did not think it fair to vilify any body of mey
against whom no improper conduct could be proved. lo fact, no
charge had been made against them. Ile thought there reso a ne.
cessity tar a larger market, but that should not be algal by in.
trading private property.
2dr. Alderman BRIDGES said he was perfectly sediAltd of II

• ••eaity for a larger torn market. The number of &mitre had
r•Nly increased, and Mark-lan• was now an crowded by jobbers
sod dealers, that it was dttficult to pass through it. Some acconimu.
dleitosought to be procured for the convenience of those persons,
)pt he could not consent to have that bought at the ex tit rive of in-
NONE private property.
The douse then divided, when there appeared for the original
maim (Ow the Report be brought up)—
Ayes, 76—Noes, 27—Majority in favour of the Bill, O.
