This dm? is psiiiiiiiiii, piny SP. as. fa baud% the Second
/linen 44

AVOYAGE ROtiiiiiYHE MILEIITERRA-
MEAN, oeftbresed by the law but ef Seellelet in :he
per 1731 and 1739
WRITTEN BY HIMSELF.

Erotwiloshed with a Portrait of ins Lordship, and illosented
wit.. several Engravings of ancient Duildingt, ate. and a Chart
of hit c4uric. T. which am prefixed, Manione nt di* Noble
Author's Life, by JOHN COOKE, M.A. Chaplain to his
Lordship.
Tn. acknowledged utility of this Work, in planning and
favouring the operations of the British Array in Egypt, in the
onem,•raco campaign of 1561, and the high estimating' in
which it is held for its accurate description of Egypt, Sicily,
Turkey, Malta, Ste. have led to its re publisation, which it is
•ipacted will prove highly Acceptable to the Public, at this
period or our increased intercourse with those Countries.
L••ndon : Printed fee Lackiligton, Allen, and Co. at the
Tempts of the Moses, Finthuoy square.

AROMA= SPIRIT of VINEGAR, (the
Original Invention of Mr. Ilene', and Ivitight by hi.
tooc....eave improvements to the ',reheat pertetlmn to prepared
tied wl t by rhodas mid William Hero!, Chemists, Men-
che •Cr

Pies agteeable perfumed I.inunr, which is compered of
highly concentrated Vineyar, joined with the mast pleasant
Aromatics, sad elbe.:cissus Antiseptic., mar ►e k :pt unlintpasrod
sii Any Climate, and for ails, permit of time. Its pungent
el lour renders it extremely gratefu cod 'aloud, in /lead-ache,
Paoitinge, and in all places of Revort, as Theatres,
Ceara of Justice, Ate. nit counteracts the bad effects of heat
d and feed sir, and is the hest Antidote against the infeinin
of all Comaytom Diseases.
As dormant vanillin spurtnus imitatiawr linear the seine and
similar names, mine of which are injuriously represented as
improvements, th•• public are requested to o serve, that the
names of Thiimaa and William Henry, Manchester, are
castrated on each stamp, to coosteifisit w►ich is a capital
felony.
Toe Amaset:e Spirit of Vinegar, price et 9.1. (stamp in-
cludad,) la gold, wholeeale and retail. ay Bayley and New, 5,
Oweitaper-stsaM, thorrol♦ Agents in Loaders methane/4 by the
Proprieems. Where may be had,Spongs. Beim et Ge.d.
Cmselles, Cbreatel„tc. HENRY`! CALCINED
AGNniA. ist bottles, et 21. Gt. sod lorry, with item amp-
pen, at dr. deell ; their mate being on the 'wart

,: ;

1 -

Q with Po. avi p If
411 .6, OOP , I 4...110.
AN Hlii I'ORICAL INQI: IR Y 1!•t • 'hi PER.
F. )k 9.1 the H %kr 1.. hr I IicaLANDS of
SCUTLAN D.

By JOFINI GUNN. V.l S.E.
Poorod for A Cunrrahl • .to,t Co. Mos .u•gh, ID4
Mum), t turret, Lando

That de) ib published, la s,o. pries 14e the Towd Vol • ef
DRIZg ESSAYS and TR NqAC I !Otis of
A. the witiLA Iscx:lrrY 4' SCOTLAND.

Kr HENRY MACKENZIR, 'Egg!

I.r 1. Conaablo aad Co F.,Labatia, ..d Jobs
vra,, FLti, -;:eet, L4ndsa.

ST. MIMI% gO.

FROM THE. PARIS %PERS.

saw Yleic,_aitteca 29.

The Negroes and t.he Mulat,oes of St. 1/dining.
are at open wa-. Sin.-- the 14Inlattoes killed lies /-
lives, they resolved to change the nature of the Go.
verantent, to a Republic, in intitatiao of thfbAtity.

. _
ricaseComstibmiette lbsst eepaegsi.:A ists eledliwes
st.chas we have. They tionriVtatiie C title
tophe Pseud nt. assigei rt.aus-i)rocie foi his re.
sidence. asristophe. &so •... tristrasting tu^ Sa.
tention of the NAnlattoes. ri,o wished to re..-
from the Cape. and to get rin dim, lunched.
against them and attacked Port-ns-Prim; hut
being, unable to make himself maser of it, he re.
tired .o the C.:9e with his army. ''l-!here
ed a Republican Constitution of his own, eigeting
but hole from that of the Mulattoes, hided. r?"cto-
mation agait.,:t them, and they answered i w A
another, of which I send you a copy. Ann xed
are so• at fragments of their Connitat ion. Ch• To.
phe's proclamation !i t arvared in the Ei.giish
newspapers; it relate. ectire!y to the imputation
which he snakes against the Mulattoes, of haring
been the Cali.. ese massacre of the whites ;be
alleges that the crimes of IJessatines °sight to be
ascribed to them alone From the pa of
the Mulattoes may be teen the drift of Cini,tophe'h
to which it is an answer.

LIBERTY Ln —IO',U3LIC OF HAYII.
ACT OF TSB sts.ata.
The Senate havitig taken iido consideration a
prn.tlamation of General Christophe, Joel la•uary
I 4; which he seeks to mi.lra f the opi 1%-in of Its..
rcigne:s, and to destroy the confidence which is doe
to the Gar, fitment ' •
Considering that Gemara! Christophe nosed the
plain of Cup de Sec to be set on kr:. ; that, on the
let of this nsonth be attacked. with open force. the
town of Para:us-Prince. the residence of the senate.
under the rampart; of which he caused the blood A'
a multitude of on!‘•rtunate people, w6om he 1.4
seduced. to be shed; and that, instead of rer.rtinctrg
his de trutstive prnj As. be persirs more and were
its tes.eltic . irs cri tempt et-ehe n.tional antbority t
Concede . --g din all thrifellicatuses
neral, rep.ete with the grossest falsehood . a.i I JO
Most irfunrtl• calumnies, tend only tc .'selts.te tae
citizer.s, ar.d to arm filen, against each other, clearly
announce intention of sacrificing part of the po.
r.nbition of the Rernablic, that he may be sole
tee mon easily lo ret n over the otber ;
Considering tha• he want id to degrade the nation,
b 7 charging it with his own crirues, and those od
Desuilloes ;
Considering th it the it.t4vwsl. prescribed by the
Constituion. ( Art. cvili t). for the acc-p,a-
tion f the fundions el • s ..t 'wing expired,
this motive alone was snlieima .o .r--, • easel.% de-
relidlion of it ;
Considering, finally, that, acroraing ro the de.
elaration of several foreigners, General C:ristophee
instead of avaiiing himself of t.le cleme.l4 tit the
Senate, proposed to General Ferranti. 'he French
Commmindant at Santo Domingo, t.. join fdr
the purpose of reducing the Western and S.iuthera
Department!! or this Island, and. curs:Titr.ly,
establish despotism and slavery there—decrees as
folio as :
Art. I. Henry Christophis. late General is Chief, is de.
prised of ell function., civil and military.
• All Geserals„Uecera, and military Men of aol oohs, -ell
P,iblic Fuoctionanes„ and all the Cadmus in gene,sl, are gee
leased from the obediewe they owed hi",
• The person of Henry Chriatephl I, *wheel, and the
her. ate invites all the QOM! le Opplehziel him wherever he
may be touted
• As a.nrieety is granted to all those who .hag range then.
'elves under the banner. al the Repuhli.:, aild .hell ovutrilaute
to the restoration of Weeny.
Thegmeicral., Officers, and Public Functionaries, shall pm.
Gene their malts.
Portmu•Priace, Jen 2', 11107, 4th Year of lndepeisileree.
Lucre the blosiettite•
The Secretary (in oonsecueace a the •AciAbet in the Pre.
sidentv) directs, th it the Act of the Senate, en the *where,
be puilesh4 and esetuh-d, and the seal the Republia S.
added to tt. ;Signed) BNO. BLANCHEt.
SITUACT elto‘t THe cossrircrium.
The President i, eleaed for tour yr-..rs, at the es•
piration of which he may be re-Aefted ; he has a
salary of t 4,000 dollars.
The Senate is composed of 24 Members. elested
for three, six, and mat years; every three year; 0.. e.
third shall go out, and be replaced by a like num.
bet. The salary of each Senator is fear dollars
a day.
Art. 27. No White, of any nation whatever, shad met fool
oe the territory of the Repularc, la goality of hf.uter or
Proprietor.
111. The Whites who form part of the army, these who
exercise public function., and *ltch as are admitted into the
Republic air the pat .1 tat.on of the resist C.anst.tutiun, vh.:l
be 'chum:Hedged is HPltians.
n. T'ie territory et the Repolitie is into fmr:
pert/nests. via. Depart.nerit of the S.. VI, of the West, of
Awbooite, sod of the North. The ot:.e. Departmeno shall
be named by the Senate, who shall ha the.. woke.
Pott.au.Ptince, J.o. 57, 1607
Ware fellow the Signattr es ]
The Reporters of the Constitution are—Petion.
Cesar Telemago.., Tbendat Nisbet, blagloi-e
Am-
bruise, U. Bleac:x.t, Dived "nor% Bermel, and

iv. wt.
• 1.•
4011110
4t67'' 44 • C.•
•:11041, 1,..4
•.$
Th,. 'd
t,.,esy„
