•
Whin; less Atli volautarily to exchange freedom (GU'
, The Captain said he had ant the deed of enasumissidlio
Me /tethered that, even if no deed had bees *imitated. the
Defeadaiit weeld have siotliiag to fear, as sulbieg eield in.
lace Mm (the Capisis) to send into slavery one who bad
cur, enjoyed freedom.
The Black begged to know what security he bad that he
woad not be sent into slavery apoa his inviting at Jamaica.
The Comptailaant repeated his assurance that no danger
was to be •pprrheaded.
The Mack tlie• declared to the Ind Mayor Hist he had
never been snatiaintoted. Hellool; it was true, pigged • pa.
per, but he knew nothing erits cosiest% previous to his
leavieg Jamaica; host he dam • sieve when he did soi and of
course as much incapacitated from eelerine into a contract
no the borer, with whose labours be had, is state of servitude,
duly to contend. He admitted that his longings for liberty
were sorb ea to induce him to make many sacrifices to uti-
t•iia-sich a Melanie. The Black added, that be had been
eirchaved by the Captain for the service of • friead is this
e.ointry, bet he was not ynisug enough for the service, lied
C. rptain wished to take him back lu dispose of hint° the
Iwo advantage.
'rhe Captain did not press the matter after 'this state.
melt% but hoped the Black would be kept in ceded, until
the badness should be cleared up.
The Lord Mayor •.id be should take care of the Black,
end that he stuirilil write to the (0/011.1' Mister of the pine
fellow; after which, if the deed of maisainiesiuts was pro.
dared, Evans mail of ruorse attend hie master.
The Black WIL4 seat 1111Jef the care of Mr. Teague to the
Cionpter, sad the Lord Mayor soon after received • letter
from the former master of the young man, stating that
rant% had lived with him as his slave for three years in
Jamaica, and that the Complainant had purchased Mateo
bring to thiscountry. The writer never beard that a deed
of matiumissiou hail been eaireuted.
Yesterday the Black was brought up from the Compeer.
The Lord Mayor soon ascertained that the Captain had
sailed, but that endeavours had been used to prevail upon
the Black to sail with him. The Black most rerolutelely re.
fused, and said that as long ne he was able to 'mud spots •
family as • servant, he would go back as a slave.
The lord Mayor also I d that the Captain had so re-
quest to make of his Lordship relative to his apprestire,
hot that upon his rehire he should be enehled to pruiliscs
the proper proof of ober !ming man's illegal disobedience.
The Lind Mayor approved of the Black'. dirterininaties
to avoid the condition In which he might probably he re.
dnced if he had consented to go to Jamaica, and stated, that
as his character wet unimpeachable, be could easily proettee
him a situation is Skis country.
'l' he Black was very thankful. He thew relented to the
Compteroelieee lie is to remain • few den when Mr. Wil-
liams, the Sheriff, will seen bonselffor the pour fellow's ad.
vantage.
ROW STREET.
Yesterday • notorious pickpocket, named Charles Mascot,
mat brought up for re elOlllllOlllllOll before Richard Birsie,
iraq. on suepiciou of being concerned in the numerous rob.
belies lately committed on the public in emeriti% Covent.
girder Theatre. This Primmer. who is well knows lu the
police, bad eluded the vigilance of the officers at the theatre
by dressiug 114 a very feshimiable style, and it appears that
his usual resort was the pit, where, owing to the pressure in
going in, lie weed to canine' with impunity the di predation
which have so-long been a peal to the theatre.
'Ube Prisoner was apprehended on Saturday last, on swain.
riot, of pickier a gentleman's picket of his watch on the
precedisie friday night is. the Theatre; the watch was set
found on him, •nd the gentleman being only able tu
elate that the prisoner was ow to him al die time he was
rubbed, and that he was ales very active in the crowd, he
was committed lie se-exsmittattoo until yesterday, *bre
peewee. whose pockets had been rifled its a similar
manse, intended, bat were enable to identify the Primmer.
11. was therefore convicted as a repeated thief snider the
Police Act.
Jul.. Lyon. slid Joseph Lerood were examined, charged
by Jame. July.. &loth, our of the cosidiretnes of the faecal
belonging to Bow.dreet, with having attempted to pick a
man's pocket la.t eight at the breaking up of Covent.
gardes• Theatre, facing the dour of the otlieo in Buerailreet.
The Prisoner., who are well kuo.s as common pickpocket% I
were also convicted louder the Police Act.
Jam" StephlSSoll, Joseph Doggett, and James Waist.
teriohl, were examturel, charged with baying tridental* ..f
beiloiriteaking in their pusarasiors.
About ow...et-leek paterst iy morning the three Prisoner,
i• compavy together, were 41o..rred by lark mid ushers of
the patrol, belongag tai Bow.etreet, ire Staiikupe-strect, who
atispectiog them, went up •0.1 questioned them as to Otall
they were doing at that late hour, fool they returning usesatis.
/every answers, the patrol searched them, sail pick-luck by.
and other inetneineuts of hoitow.breaking were found 011 oboe. • !
'limey were all 'bate convicted as rogues awl vagabonds.

QIMVII.MISMISC.
CAUTION TO NI LITIA N EN.
Yceterday a Solicitor from the Admiralty aileaded at this
Mice so prefer elisiges sg.tinst Iwo pray lie• toduntinst to
i.e mottles, who confessed themselves to be Jewett'sa from
the rifolar militia al the lime they enlisted. lie said she
offence had been of late so ficipient that the Admiralty
Busid had bee. at rossiderahle expense. in prosecuting wife*.
ore. of flies deseript , for ohtainiug She Kisses bounty nits
•t'tr false retraces ; that they now frit disposed so
yao•b sorb pmceerlyngs, as by the Act of the 12i1Gesi. 111.
• ban. Mt, err. 131, the Magistrates were empowered to rum-
enst smirk raffeessliet to Boidr.rll for she spiny of sea ns..ssilir,
which is any instances was adequate In the punishment
iutlirted by the Ses•ouos.

John Peed Was then Wei to the liar. He was enlitiod by
S,rj,arit Applebv,uf the Chatham Division of the Ruyal
flts, mew, un the 14th of A ups., last, in Princes-sirrrt.
Wisinisinder, and attest►d berme Wi.. Masklamt, E.q, when
be •wore he did ■ot belong to any reeisaritt of tsihtia or
other turps in his Nlsksty's s. trim Tire ailestittiou was
Pot io. tieijeatit Hotel, of the same doriai &&&&& pr..red that
she Pistioner confessed to hint be was a deserter !Suns the
S Glonre•ter militia, which the Prisoner nue admitted,
and told the Magistrate Ise had been rUllfiUtd siurr the 7.4
oft 4..ber in Me aisard•rown.

The %loggia...titasked .1116 was 1110 i immediately pro-
et Med egsinst ?

7' he
he solicitor ammeted, that the Commanding ()Meer no
doubt runimunicated it In the Admiralty Board; but some
dday tout place before it was plot lido their Solicitur's
b mita.

The Magistrate tlionelit so wet delay should lake plaice ;
herons, • man might he kept is custody a great trawls of
Ilene berust legal prue,rdi. es would be proceeded iu, and is
cone. rpieuce of the length time the Prisoner has brew
already in custody, bill imprissuniest most be committed to
three month., at the eviralion of that time be must be de-
iii,eced op to 11,e militia, ant after serving lois time there,
hit brtraoseniiiid to the marine,

David Janie was ni.xt put to the bar; he ackrowledged
trinvelf to lie a deseitei from the Backinahanialaire militia;
he took on as a ruhreoute 011 theVIA of July. 11820, and
•reretved 7/. bonne,. but 'rehire he joined the regiment he
enhrtbl sulu the marines, and received W. homily. Ile
now adinrireif doe krt, bust he aI.o being in cuiihoemelit
vine, Oetutior laid, he war unly committed fur Mice months
to srids 11.

On Wednesday the 3 I Mai. the public eicatnins.
ti ns 4 1,0).. to die 'somber of 154, look place at
the Sii•ush School, Newport, which was attended
lUr4r ssio•ittlrtsge of the ft-demi. and supporters
of the sue. The Ninon, Sir CII
IUOII4 UN. w.m p.enrdt. *Oh his family. and 14 4' OW.
I,llilleharr of rellifrabe of diNu,choo, whom
the Ch.t.traras festivities bad attracted to the hes-
uilalde egiss.som if Tr,.legit. stnunK wit were
40,d and Lady 11orriste. Colunrl mid Mts. MILL.
1114 N, MOS. floperm and fetidly. Colonel LAil.
ckLLEs. WILLIAM Jones. E.q. &c. A variety of
Limy articles vivre elthibileil by nos Me111GAII.
Hid the sum received by the rale of them strummed
v. 13/. 35.; to which Slr CIiAILES rueruus!y addidl
doustion of IW.

PRICE OF

Beak Stock.. 4.134
i
3 per Ct. R0d.....6911
3 per Ct. CO L.. 69i 69
3* per Ceut....7eini
4 per Coil& 8711

ti • -

• it• :NI--
STOKE IDITII PdMfa
5:. 1.1111
.The at this Mangles ir'elerusilinelinelllr airi
accustomed tommoialkti and lit 'relit, bilfg;breelkliOntige•t-
sur to tlie poor a ro the aaronding per ebirmigstheir.
,spirit. and relieving their wants by • bessiti el dist4biskipu
of Ibod and money, during the late severely inclement
stmese. The family comae:Mee of Mr. Foley, his friends
and netglibotirs, have sine* been natinillacently ebtertaiwerl.
111, theatrical enterisimamts consweenctd ea Th.radsy wish
" Speed At Plough," sad the Farm of " The L.dy and Mt
Derii."—On Friday, " The Wee le pet Married," with the
Entertainment of " Too Lalefor Dieter?" On Monday
the furter wee repeated, and the latter suit be so
The performances have excited great whiairsiiim and lap-
plasm, sad mach comic and theatriral talents have larva
displayed. The Theatre has undergone several improve-
ments, and many new scene* are added ; and the greatest
attention has been evinced by stoves, 4e. to warm all the
:weaves and passage, sadist to it. The rimlinaces Wore
been crowded, and most of the principal families of the
county within say practicable distance have atiMatted. The
company were afterward, rntertained with miner in .lbe
saloon, with the usual splendour and hoapitslity displayed
at Stoke Edith Part. The Fawley enuelede time
previutial pities apse Friday ment..as(l/WrieSti Janata.)

E

BETTING-ROOM, *TB?TERSE lANN 7 antrany IS.
DEIS*.
9 to 1 eget Reginefd Pk to I age Morel
14 to 1 sot Gustattre 1 II is 1 opt Jock
14 to 1 sgst Clears
041111.
9 lo 1 opt Sister to Sleet. I 0 to 1 egst My Lady
Trap
RIDDLUSWORTII.
7 to 2 iget Prudence I 4 to 1 art Selina*

BOXING AND UDGELLING AT RIDDLES-
ivORTH, NEAR TAIDEORTH,

$ 'sr ••• :

The proviacial fanciers had a read alenetlislit's 013 Y Yegt"-
day, o■ Riddlesworth D 411.011, in twr matche• mid •
cwilgelling match. The heroes for She first battle west, nut
the Tom looses of Fieldiog, nor Tom Jones, the ►rave sum.
pelitur of Tuns Belcher, bet Jones, a pupil of the latter, •
farmer, who kaew how to use Isis mearleyr well, and Abel
Norris, a Cassibridgesbire ns•a, backed for 20 guises., by
some collegiate sprigs of faislosou.
Fear hard run oils were fought, which occupied 36 aslant's,
la the first rowed Norris was nearly piiited blind by left_
headed hits, which, if not of the hardest 'hind, told by repo.
titian. Jones was Hooted by • right-handed blow, an lick
above the mark.
2. Norris cut hold of his adversary al going in, and rate
hi. woe pally hensi, penishaseni, and then Mica him a
h►avy sowers's.
3. Josses washed with lunch emotion upon his science, and
did much out execution; but I. • rally, which lasted several
minutes, much *acclaims was performed, aril both west
lowa weak.
4. Norris was too blind to find the scratch, sad be was
knueited doers by a body hit, which wos Ames the fight.
A aero•el battle was fought fur ■ purse of five relates,
lsetwee* two a• kward soviets, which was • contrast to the
furore, and afforded mach foe. Their sews were Gee
sad Rassek and the affectation of mime. emceed the few.
Nat • drop sit claret sprinkled the 'foetid from theta ; it
was rooted hitting, wiser the wrist ivatead of the 6,4 Awed.
Aftersfq •rites, Roach gave in with a slap ea the aide
of she head.
Our federation left the single-stick players contending for
• ►at worth • guinea, second best lea shillings, and Ave for
the worst of the lot. Paver, from Waustead, nun the hat,
and we left the others in contention.

TO '4lllil
O'Coseett

THE NEW FORM OF
AFFIDAVITS for lIA LF-PAY OFFICE:KS,
FROM 25r• DECEMBER, 1820.

AFIIDAYIT REQUIRED FROM orTICERS cEADIIING
HALF-PAY PRRIONALI.Y, OR By ♦DENT.
a Christian &antes to be inserted tit fall, at the eminence.
. 'sent, bat the Signantre to be in the (Octet anal
ileamtr."

appeared personally before we,
Asa wade Daub that he is the Person entitled to Half-Pay mt
ha reduced of and that he
Awl not daring any part of tire period front 25110 of
tltl l 0 24th of 18 , both Day• inclusive,
nay other Plate or Empboyment of Pruitt, Civil or Miltisry,
soder Lis Britannic 314 j. sly, or in the nesvicest any other
Govorntoeull, besides his said Hslt.Pay.•

&ems before we
The Officer In site his)
this Day of Name here and state his!.
Place of Itessdeuce.
.)
The Magistrate to sign his,
Name here, add state the Comity S-
ur Place fur nhrch he acts
Ilopi.trote for
I do stied, and declare. that I verily believe the
above Affidavit to be genuine sad asithestic.
The Ages!, where any is employed,
is to silo this Declination.
• Any other Plare tie Employment of Profit, Civil or Ali-
lifer', which 1114 MI6 et may hold, is to be inserted here as a
mintisiusti 0000 of the Affidavit.
1% B.—TO be sworn alwsya oa or after the 2511 i March,4sib
Jou...Viol September. and 25th December of eve,' year. No
alter ohms, erasure. or interlining, will be admitted, except
in the prinfid Serves winds the period is nut ■ regular WM.
Officers iesidiog is the British Celestes sow the Cusistaent
of A inerka. ate rehired to slate in thew Affidavits the year
in which their Half ply was greeted them.
NAVAL INTKLLIGENCE.

PLYMOUTH, JAIWARY 16.
Arrived the Catherine, Holm**. fru* Losiskie Air Csiihi;
soil Hope, GiAlsisirisriliy, &um Prig's.* 11:41*ard's 1.1464 for
the Isms is in distress.
• H.
Arrived the 1/Isrl, Brown, swab truer* (sort Wires few
Melt..

COMM JANUARY 17.
Arrived the Repulse. Palmas. buss Limbs kw lade.
will' leas of jibbeesup, asul bee chain cable briskres ; air Isai:
recovered 16. e cable, sad ressairo whls the Firsquhassuu,
lush', and Marquis Cosiders, fur India.

LIVCIPOOL, AAAAA ear 11.
Arrived the Perseverance, Warm, rivet Calcutta. •

DEAL, 17.
Arrived nod sailed for She River she Maslitatioa, &nosed.
from Virginia, in 30 day.; Fame. Livingston, Gran Jarisarra;
Calmar, Davison, Omen at. John's, New Rrmoissreelt; High.
louder. Miller, fray him Providence ; Rini Henry, 1111stroa,
Siva AL Marengo; Sovereign, sand I.„ Crum As. ,Ininies., New
Bronswieki AMU'S, WliaUtt. tear Virginia ; nail Drees.
Wassia (late J. ff. rt.), Gum the Cope of Good Hope. The
Astern ban lost her boars, ate. basin; teptaieaced very bed
weedier an her prosegv.

iiikig.

‘
ANSIetB
MR. O'CONN.ELL'S ADDRESS,
BY the. mom

t
.1E CATR,OLICS OF IRELAND.
Mr. O'tpotslishgdhip aWattoollit
cation et i,e coinnieneetweat br Out sew year. To dtti-
stride the fallsey of hie reiosoiring, slut to point OctlL:
pereiclou• teadimsg• of his advice' is my object is Nidreess.
log you. The concern of peer), Roman Catholic in our
national. nurse wetievatteleas the ommitivestme with which,
upon ordinary ocesalons, an individual ought to shriek
from She public contact. To Mr. O'Cootneli'i 'address is
ed Use authority of Lie same. 1 trust that I shall be
able to ritepply irry ahemle of comparative perlorml illsport
sore upon my part by the 'weight of siegument sad of Get,
aod fru. the high Reese whiei'l entertain of Mr. O'Con-
nell's amtisorily, I cahoot POW Mem lilting us&' of it
spigot himself, •
Nil (equal' bblifilibit 1111.
14401 state to you the sublibillia Or his lettle, ds well se it
ho.rothseed to erthereershArra Amps. This simnel crap-
l• which let ha. melt lithium, fragment of
tilleillohlatells It eAttermic with cuesideruble ulseeter•-
illabi orisieg feats Ilbr of volatile opinion with which
lb one Is it eery to analyse the lava which
It nod of such • variety of heterogeneous
materiels.
Upon his forliminery observations on our grievances, no
theensent is stemmenry soli. it to say, thus I icy are written
with feeling and force. 1154 he emeltue himself to such ex-
. loss be world he at wise as be is Impessiosted. I have
eedia meth the practice! put of his letter. He advises, fur
lie sdoptiou of Parlisinesstery sefons. the eliandeument of
eior Petition for relief—hrduellswper Mr.Caoring's miens.
lion—insists tint Mr Plunkett shall make ow tender of what,
bt • piece of professioutt dexterity, he calls the Veto—insinu-
ates' that the Petition already istrusted to Lard Donoughtnore
soliMr. Plunkett ought not to be perorate& as some of the
'Petitioners ere dead, and beeryse he, turoseotis, had changed
bis mind—sad concludes with the siegsslar *reject of renal.
tisling (vs he terms it) • Quaker into as lrishmair. Such
the fashions of Jsonery, 1811. Well, then, does Mr.
TiPCsienell really think that you are to be so blinded
with all Ilse veinier which he has reined as to imagist that
there crivis say •coisaexitto whatever between Rouses Ca-
tholic Esnalscipstion sod Parliamentary Reform ? Whatever
limy he the semisweet of • Rumen Catholic iu hie individual
llopecity, spun Mat topic, whet hes his erretile du with it ?
If we commit obtain relief Ate ourseivesi, ?what shell we pro.
ewe fur others ? If the Rowse Catholic lassertiois easeut
pare through the prejudices, will Reform overcome the
Uterests of the Hoare of Coonsiews ? Mr. O'Cositell's

reasoning goes to sbew the weakoms of the Catholics—why
thee ally their imbecility ti die muse of Reform? 'Whet
will that cause gain by Mr.O'Counell'a costing tpeocock's
feather auto the scale? Whore, too, is the certasity of
• Reformed Parliament patois; Emancipation? The
Peas! Code was enacted by a Parliament, whicb set
at defiance the antburiry of the GOWN. ft is notorious,
that unsay of the uppseewts of Reform are the advo.
calm of our cause ; and His straNge, that evers'while Mr.
O'Counell expatiates opus its isimessity, he sets itch a high
value vire the support of Mr. Cauning, who is a amitosis
enemy to Mal measure. Ile even admits that there was
lately • mere anjority of owe against us in the Cabinet, nod
yet he bids iss despair airless his new noiritio be employed.
How ilifferent was his latiguage, when scarcely owe Minwer
was favourable to our view., and when the late Kitts's
polities olu aged as an insurmountable barrier fur a lime!
How did Mr. O'Connell speak when our hopes burg like
wet *sir's, and it was ueedid to employ a struag sad rum-
nsauding spirit to lift them from the stormed despoodessey
over which they drooped? If we identify our Quests** with
Reform. will taut the opposeuts of the latter become one
foes? 11'by accumulate new obstacles in our way? If our
Hoestion,shoplifild as it is by plain right and obvious ex-
pediency, canoes pass tisrobgb the needle's rye, will Mr.
O'Connell, mounted apes a easiel, loaded With the Value and
Parliamoiliry Reform, spar the slow and unwieldy animal
through the Harrow . The Beissim Catholic', of Ire-
hind du not feel the least inclination to connect themselves
with the Reformers. The latter art well aware that we
could reader them wo Milt, mod must Cisme ourselves.
Besides, has it everuecurred to Mr. IJ'Consuell, that Catholic
domocipation is to past the Hmessitif Leeds as Well as the
House of C 0....,? And what has the pnrificatois of ode
brooch of the la gielatuse to do with the sweetie of the
Catholic Qoestion io another? Verbaps, however, both
Houses of Parliament may 1.11 within the 11111 rpm( oninpre.
heopiveuess of his projects; sod his Next Addis"' Is to blow
the mitres of thirty Bishops iglu the paradise of foule.o-
Liimigh, however, aims this New specolatiosi, upon whkh it
was scarcely worth my while In laid at so much length.
Let as now examine Mr. O'Connell's assertion, that there
is no likelihood—say, that there is nu possibility of suc-
cess. It must have been since the mouth of July last that
be swede this discovery ; nor has lie coudescenikd to state. by
whit process be leas arrived at this greed political mitts.
The wily fart on which be relies is She resigstation of Mr.
Causing. Ile builds upon this single Cirtenilillnini Ms in-
couptracted fatale of despair. Eves. if we did lose • vote
in she Cabtarot, as oar question is Not made • Cabinet noes-
sure, the hiss "mild out he of mach importance. But how
has Mr. O'Conoell amertaiord ikar therseasky is to he filled
by an opponent of oar claims ? He coojectores it, narked ;
mid is it upon kis go••••-surk that the nwliOnell Of • native
are to be founded ? Where are the tvirleisces of hopeless-
ness ? Are Ile. yto be found in the opening of the army?
—lf this most valuable mimes:shin had been wrenched
from Hie Ministry—if it Lad Wes ushered in with
the soood of trumpets, it would be regarded as •
great victory; and au it was to those brave emu otiose
laurels had, till then, been blighted by their creed. This
was the memo or which removed the Whigs front office; mid
there was, perhaps, a time when it would have bees wise to
post pour ~or Petition, our press smog oar earliest hies& so
perplexing a subject. Did Mr. O'Cusiatll, at SUS time. ad.
vise the Runiau Catholics to forbear ? Nu! he reserves this
void &civilise for the present period, *nil spares this M item-
try the embarrassoreat of • questiou which distracts them,
and is the usily top.c tin which they differ. But bow does
Mr. O'Ceeerll act at this jasmine ? The very issouseest that
he bids you be silent, lie is himself must loud. Dues he
intend to revive all expatiation upon oar grievances to his
own oracular self; and are you to forbear pet ilia oo ioo g, that
he may robotisue to address? Upon die rentailider of Mr.
O'Cosmell's troso, I. weed .N occupy you bug. Prima the
subject of Retaeau,lte iniddetily wheels !flood to Mr. Pluto
kids—men are nut always aubscluas of their own motives,
our dues She mild see itself,.
The patriotism of Mr.O'Coneell may be as pare as amber.
but even in amber we may find • straw; Mr. O'Cossell
could sot allow ang personal &chug to influence him where
his comity is at stake, yetis sproking of Mr. Plaskett Ise
set's, " *either Mr. Plaskett, Poe Afr.ony Ate, flee, shall."
The plume is • trasspareul one, and the real -Hell. with its
feeble aril fretful fire, is area behind. It is as clear as glass.
it covers, bat it dues am hide. Mr. O'Connell dues met deal
vary raudsdly whets be says, that Ale. Plunkett shall not offer
the Vetu. Mr. Pintail has already distinctly staled, that,
as the Cailiolirs disapprove of the Yds, it should be shun.
tuned ; as to the particular forms he which she questiust may
be brought forward, let me remind Mr. Otuatiell, that wpm
his proposes's, at • very Loewy's, meeting, a resolution ex-
presmie•of the nowitlingoreSsi the Roman Catholic body to
accede to any ereleias.ical arrangesnesto, that resolution
was tarried by a majority of may six ; and when it was tom-
tusinicaicil to Mr. Plunkett. he Enswered, that Ise should set
as he deemed it meet—let hint remember that "eyelid of the
parishes of Du;.lin confided their retitle's& to Mr. Plonkelt,
without the isisexation of any vitiation whatsuiVer lu rya-
fru' him it the exercise of his dierretion. Lim that ewe-
Rata. when Mr. O'Connell revived the unhappy vision of
the Veto. I riled several pansies from his address of Janis-
If - - -
TRATROURAT --- • --- I miry, lsl9, iu which, after dwelling upon the value of • ilk
. gums, he advises that the subject of she Vele should be
5 per CI. N. Arm 103 fit I hurled in otter &deuce; say*, that it is wt in the power of
Bk. 1.. List..., Id 846 She Komar Catholics in prevent its reel operation, aid
Moeda.... 33 imismors that it is "heady its fusee.
Ex. 43 L. (liar sushi have hoped that after these. opinions,
Lottery Ticket,
gels 3a
t relay set doom ill all the primmest* of sok, O'Cosisell
40 *Sold hardly have ad nt •
Aire— re Spill. • re•UPCillilen of the
edhlis AM.... 7021 • topic. Oat inceititimeeim limp Ise Winds fur him. Is • his

'present millirem, indeed, he slain that Ite firmlY'believes in
the Romer) Catholic Religlort—l presushe he also believed
i• it in 11110—I hope, too, he does mot enjoy • monopoly of
faith ; env will the public be inclined to think that tacit •
mart se Laid .Plegal Weeds less practical evidence if
creed than any of its more clamorous professors.
Mr. O'Connell (sod that I take to be the gist of his ad-
dress) Intimates, that the petition. which has been untreated
to Lord Donottglunore and Mr. Plunkett, toughs not to be
presented by them lie imis, "of the numerous persons
lam gigged that Petition mete Mast be dead—ls It the Yeti-
, lion of Ike dead men ?" Realty, wives we read arguments of
this sort, bowing the ability lifyhe advocate, we must ihisk
lamentably of the cause. It is tlw deoweing grasp of a sophist
iii the stymies of confutatiou. Eviln iii ass eisliteary setiou the
death of one of WINISI parties shall not abate a suit, and shall
the imperial cause of Ireland perish in the death idiots., Stiles!
He also says shut some of the Petithreere are "broad, and,
therefore, have no interest. What has become of Mr. O'Con•
nell's patriotism ? He gives in this opinitsn a ban sample
of the Irishman, into which he wishes to transmute every
stet. Does be throe lo say that an absence front this den-
' try Voogd wash all is. sufferings from his memory! It is
card that an orater of !antiquity bail a Rote-player allays
hea;de hiM, to found the key by which his voice was to be
pitched. It were well if Mr. O'Connell would, before he
pews his :text .Adreise;reonvate his languid love of country
with the of Eris."
Mr. O'Con.aell also says, that he has ehasged his mind.
If In the midst tar a debate spun she petition of thnosatadr,
a single individual was to rush before the House of Cow,
mons, and exclaim, " I have changed my mind—l disclaim
the petition, ?hough ! signed il,"--shonlal this permit, by
throwing a pebble into the stream, stop the whole current of
a great proceeding? Let Mr. O'Connell remember that all three
arguments of his are as app:icabk to every former Petition
as to the preseet. Oar Petition.: were generally submitted to
Mr. Grattan seven or eight mouths before they were pre.
rented. Did Mr. °Tousle!! ever iallegetbat suite of the
Petitioners were dead, or absent, or had chimera their minds ?
Mr. O'Connell lutist,, that the Resolueiotn intrusting our
Petitions to Lord Dououghmure and Mr. Grattan, contained
a clause that they should be presetited " forthwith or
immediately, he forgets which." A prime who builds
an argulnent upon a word, and does etbreementber it, shews
what sort of validity he sets upon it. Does Mr.O'Cunuell
really mean to woman the Catholics of Ireland, mud
is it with • " forthwith" that he is to upset the cause of his
country? But neithir Mr. O'Connell tow " Mr. any thiag
else," to burrow his own phraseology, shall dictate to she
Cetholhe body; and I must inform him that he wants Cie
power to du ill. The Petition was given to Lord Donough-
inure sad to Mr. Plunkett, that it might he presented as
soon as postinble ; and it was not postale to present it due-
lug the Net Session, *loess the Queen's ease Worked up all
the avenues of the State. To this Mr. O'Connell, however,
pay so attention, nut does he "Met to know that the guess
bow at that time before the Legislature was of so *beaching
a character, a. to render every other topic fur the usontesit
of comparative insigisidcauce. It is not in the shocks of an
earthquake that a'bOuite is to be repaint'. But to oppose
arguments of this Not Is to combat with shadows. Nei-
iher Lord Dossoughoore, our faithful advocate, nor Mr.
Plunkett, the legitimate sucreaor of Mr. Grattan, will be
swayed by such futilities. The latter Gtilihrllll4ll knows the
value of all the point, of law made by Mr. O'Connell. He
will not be Much' disturbed by sits splenetic pleading. He is
pieced epos an entiseace which Mr. Verunell's addresses
as it harangues cannot reach :
" The murmuring surge,
That on the nenreibtred idle pebbles chafes,
Catutot be heard so high."
Mr. Plunkett well knows sisal Mr. Otuitaell does sot
"peak the eentiments of the Remelt Catholic body • owe,
indeed, by following, he •ppeared to guide. By • ilexible
accordance believes. his meow of public duty with his lees of
popular praise, be served for some time to indicate the mirk-
ties of popular excitation. I should be lush to compare hien
to a sort of political vase, by which all the 'renege of the
breeze might be determined • hilt it were as idle to imagine
that the currents of sir die ;hick the balloon is borne ate re-
gulated by the painted Machine that floats upon them, as to
suppose that a person swelled out with the very inflam-
mable patriotism of Mr.O'Cunitell, and raised by the very
levity of his opionows, should create the vicissitudes of pas.
slow on which he asceade. That Gentleman wee eeetainly
elevated in a very gaudy vehicle, embellished with every
diversity of hue. He bad risen with the shout of the multi-
tode,•nd after throwing out all his belles!, and waving his
greta-flag, be very skilfully adapted his course In this aerial
voyage to all the matateues of impulse which agitated the
wormy medium through which be pawed, until at hist, to
attempting to rise into a still more lofty region, he has
allowed the this and combnstible lte.levials of Ws buoyancy
to take are, and comes tumbling is a volume of fiery
vapour, composed of the Veto, the Union, and Paella-
siseutary Reform. RICHARD SHEIL.

\.•
