011IMMwP9P

4 ,

NMI

-

jeltVW:**
•
mean.. Providence, in its wisdom, had not given
bun riches. He sought fortune and distinction in
the army ; be laid out his property in the purchase
of commissions ; be was turned out of his profes-
sion, and bps property was lost to hint--and in
whose cause? why evidently in that of the

gethsr on that occasion, or tiny other in which the
welfire,, ex the rights., or the liberties of the people
of Englund were concerned.-a•fLoutl eppieuse.)
'The question woo thrii put ow the eighth, ninth,
mitt] tenth Resolotions, which being soaninsonsly
agreed to--

•
tkiis anxiety to atop the shed&
• - - - • • -

Truro Xffer►era parts of room, carne forward, mud
said, he had been in hopes that the business of the

—-- • • ..14 110 foie terrain, Wit was Mii-Tor pie-.
ventheiplieWptfting of more bloodtat he bid been
thurolittelli.,;•'-itiet' the fact be coupled with the
c it. Baker. What was the latter
4 . nirelWasA.' isseti for? Was it or was it not :
bosaiwatitawsiettlineci to trail the Queen's hearse
over the dead bodies of the people. and had inter-
val/4x 1 ifisit'ill the effusion of blood ?—(cheers )
via ,
..otit nue part fur the people to act. Let
every sidual aid it according to his means, and
. they geisha still keep the will of Minister. in due
sable/4ton earthe wishes and interests of the People.
LOrflireltflih'ew' that a man who deserve. honour
VW klutrived of it, and that he should not
Intor4opierly except he deserved to lose it.—
AW 41011.11510 *import of the people, it could be
.. _ ___ ... 1,.. w‘st.iiit.nly support-
II 1,-

..._ . .
logy" etnseltsded ;Without his wistrading himself. on
the attention of shit rotating ;. but after the Remits.
ikon of the- ilk& which they. bed just palmed, sad dim
call which had in so particular a manner bees 1
btroulthiiimg"; liio he reglrtahlterusel isrenbse of ,th......0und,at
hkoansoti,,ruitzatiert
had done him, and to thank them for the honour.
able mention they had made of hie name.—(Ap.:l
plause.)—He fully concurred in the ob hoe.
which had fallen from their Hon. Chairroao. that
the cause in which they were now assembled, was
'kiss that of an halividual than of the whole nation;
nd he considered that each and every man in a
blic si.uation. particularly such es. like himself,
leere returned by the people (fir his return for the
istrict of burghs which he represented was, he be•
• ved, a tingle exception to Scotch returns in
general)—(lmghter.)—he consider**. Ills elk& lb*
every man 1.4") snuAted waa peeskagitilmads out IS.
cpaions like the present, to stead
wfoegitullt=
* cause of the people. The yeto
apse' tii the occasion of their tweeting. was one which'
Oreply affected the safety
.of every woo in the,
.goontry ; and he hoped the time was set fee dies i
taut when the whole coontry, from ooe end to thet#
other, would meet land protest against it, sot only
as an act of tujuatice to .• single individual,
but its a gross and violent outrage on the whole
people of England„--(Greet applarse.)--He
could never look back to the• transactions at
Manchester, but with feelings of abhorrence and
indignation; and the arearrences which took place 1
at Tyburn-gate, were of the same character and
spirit. and equally calculated to render memorable
the moot li of A ugust.—(tipp/inese,).-Ariewing, as
hr did, with alarm, the use that was thus attempt.
ed so be made of the military force of the cousitry,
he could not but .dread the effect vrbieb ilia Mello,
---1 of Sir Robert W" - 4•4 '

Tin I.o7ll7trart . , ILO t h
t 7,4. „
s chi li qi,ileit reisspey pe—rsers— deli° eiere-thitigh-
-urea on the unhappy day bel.re mentioned ; their
• fete Mien' have been That or any present. The
chiiiicOpetoltinee of their I:smite. fur support, nett
to Provo:lessee had beets Wilillll7llVl6 Something
K„til sleepily been dace for them, but not 'slough,.
It essmat tuts meek, nor would the meeting coo-
eider it so, to ask them to extend their support as fee
us it Iv sal vest eV to that unfortunate case--and
~., while Ilk, steel doing noble justice to the muse of
' '' the• higli end lionourehle, not to forget the humble
man and th ,or. Fled they seen what he hid of
b .4
:•' the dist,'
law familia& they would not hive
•. , thought tie 114.1liteeded annpology for bringing
. • the J'fle would now conclude, begging
them IS fitrsiiid whai iort of -times they were
Irving iiith what anxiety Ministers waited to
potss erlr opponents when they found them,
• or Iteetrilliti powerless and eadefenued—te be
t ~peacea ' Vii' steady in their exertions—tu be
'r• 'vigilant ofthemotiosis of their adversaries—cots tent
7 'tics their dety through good and evil report—to do
`At-eahatantfil fisties theatselves, and be firm in their
rooolniimPtltioree Government to do substantial
swieering,-Batally, to be ready to support their
't.' fir the 'lest drop of their blood.—/lord

anent of air . Wslsou IlitO • esieulatL 10
produce on the future conduct of the army. lie
could not but ask whether there was one indivi.
rt
anal among the 30,000 officers that we now had in
Our service, for he had bikes. the trouble to ewer-
pun the nunibers.,(Lateghter, end general op.
Wattle f —He did not know to what circumstance
zattribute the manner in which hie observation
d been marked by the meeting, except one,
which was that feeling that (*flans positions could

first
.mg to
to
iko his

sooner
4 with

and
some or
come
sac:

ode,
Rip/dant

as-
•lferate
• with
both
• of
as
wasi - T-r-i,- .., - .
C. . -...ewsw, lint itto. . ••, . it
' ---wit
length' atoll**. of tile int • .*° -'4l . pro.
',•;•-'" twine 'est* Et ixibment'a cud eine, , he aeicen-
d•92?'9l *tau the table, ahtlelirt the air of an ill-
-7 b.... 11 ' genittliA4l threii lii.eaself into a vacant
i -"jlti lsir in the-rarest thie eti4pia ag,_ at the upper end
I:4 aft the loom. ;Not ithifikfsestfifr„.4ieqes quitted
A lfillte reef*, thatilliiillietditifie alailit his appearance
•J'velgi tile` other etid IStflpetable, 19 the person of a
Ai )gltailentan of the n the 4 **Elkin 'Holding out his
ell White hat, filled withlutjAre, he implored a hearing,
41 'ond htvino*Weeflin to the table, proceeded down it
:- to. to the e•eutW,''Aire' the Chairman sat, but was
a 4 ..presentifilptitealkif on to descend, and withhold
`•10-whist he Ott liV.il the business immediately
..its Ili/fare the - . Id hive jieetulisposed of.
X
.me tone tittestitia , 'fru put epihilesfiritykso-
-;06 *4llllOll, • Meisitifis, bj.the Cliii(6l",p6d tjwir , 'en
/ $•..0 evert ilsollsiiitiely Agreed to.:
6 g Am
. • .-
MY. Potiat.r. then put tne sixth les*
which having been carried OttinMOusly—
• The CHAtamattrose arid' said. his name lapwing
• , been mentibned as one of these to be appointed
•.I•‘'l'rosteea, and the appointment having met with
se; their approbation, lie begged to be allowed to as•
••*-itire the meeting of the high sense he entertained of
14 r•the honour and confidence thus reposed in hint.
S, Jr illlith the realest possible pleasure he would under-
'Jon hike the °l ice. and •iii the disposal of the money
.re•• 'which might be confided to their management. lie
• "stand those who were laisiotiated with him in the trust,
• •-•+coutrt have no otbet•objeet than that of applyiot.
wl.l it ttethe best way they' could to the purpose .r
••:.. securing for the family of the excellent individual,
Ir-, on whose account it was raised. a provision which
't'" he trusted world be felt as tot the leas honourable
• ••, because it was furnished by the people and was not
' ' conferred by the Governalent.—(ipplatlJC.,
Mr. Fsvet.L•then put the seventh Resolution,
• which baying been carried by acclamation—
The CH•I ' again r '- - -
• • he bad once
!k. iiiiiic for this
r- • "The reception .
ilhan au adequate
P fib *Waite, to which
' to4o 4USitetil4 their '•
144titztd. for it
'MK present k ,
rlill lifilijefi the'
s.. .neic.i•e;•:4?

~`"'T

Ir..

calumniate and revile it. He had bees deprived of
his income, but he (Mr. IL) trusted that he would
not want the support of the people.—(//pprossee.)
—His cause was that of justices and in recite cause,
as it had been proved in a recent instance, the
people had only to speak and justice mutt be done.

titled to the enjoyment all their rights as citi-
zens, If that were so, how grossly had those rights
been violated ? He had thought it fit to pursue
those observations thou far, because hitherto the at-
tention of the meeting had been strictly confined to
the object for which they had particularly assem-
bled—that of raising a provision to indemnify Sir
H. Wilson for the loss of the income of which he
bad been deprived by the arbitrary act of the Mini-
stem But, if there should be any surplus beyond
- .

. .
be rendered clearer by figures than by any other what was necessary for the effecting of that object,
mode of elucidation ; be always made a practice of I sod he trusted that there would be • considerable
shewing by them that his opinions were kneaded surplus, he hoped they would extend their aid be-
on cakulation. rather than allow them to me yood the case more immediately within their con-
better foundation than mere speculative aqpilleents. sideration, to that of the poor relatives of Roney
—(dpplaese.)--Whatever the practice helllthee 'end Frsocis, who were also sufferers by the unlawful
might have been, there was but one ibehlitee:be- exercise of ministerial power.—(apploase.)—There
re e, the present within the last Mewl? ram of was not so individual in the country whose snow,
dismissal from the service of acrifikterms half- ties, was not in mine-
degree influenced by the
emy : the instance to which he alleded•ems that of sessideration of the use to which the standing
three officers of the 55th regimeat, who.. though army might he applied. except indeed those who
upon li.lf-pay, had been dismissed the service lived on the taxer; them he was always ready to
without tnul, and without any chirp being prefer- except; they were on these oteasionv like Jurymen
red egaOst them : the perimeters of that ease hawing' personal interest in a muse. who the too-
would; he trusted, be fully inquired into at a more meet their came:ion was discovered, were timed
fit time and place hereafter; but how iocalcolable out of the jury-box and sent about their business.
were the evils which would arise from such an exer- With the exception of these, there was not • man
cise of prerogative. if the people allowed it to go in the country who was ant materially interested in
on. He was ready to spew that this prerogative, the question of the illegal employment of the
which was claimed far the King. his M..jesty soldiery ; fur there was not a man iu the country
did not, possess..—(Greof applatise.)-4t was not whose pocket was not picked in some way or other
for him then to go into the abstract grounds to support the menus by which its liberties might be
of the reasoning by which Lawyers sad Minis- destruied.—lapplanse.)—When, therefore, they
tens preieoded to establish the existence of snob, ,sew the military force employed in opposition to
a prerogative ;. but he would appeal to ammo :the constitutional authority of the civil Magistrate—
mou sense to she* that .the kingly authority had egvas it had been to that of the Sheriff, for instance—
foundation but public cowman:am and pubis, such so application of that power called forth the
benefit. Locke and Illackstooe both declared that interference of every man in the cuuntry.—(lord
the King, couldmercise no prerogative but for the epplenee.)—He mentioned it not as a question
good of the psigie. The Kiag bad been advised merely affecting the individual who happened to be
to the exercise ed,this prerogative ,by his unprinci. Sheriff at the time, bat as illustrating the uncon:
pled Ministerinini(dppiestse)-4or -uopriacipled he stitutioual substitution of the military for the civil
would call set of met, whether Whig or Tory, power. lit one instance, that of the meeting of
who were capahleof advising such an set of injus- the county of Dublin, which was dispersed by an
tice.—(Load eppleuse.)—Witat would be the effect armed force, it had been unconstitutionally applied
upon the army, if, after years of hard service. Oil- by the Sheriff; and again, when the utmost
eel's could thus arbitrarily he deprived of that exertions were making by the Sheriff at the head
pittance to which they were entitled to espport them of the civil power to keep the peace, the mi-
ni their old age ? What a menstroua doctrine was litary had ibees,timmght against him, and fru-
it to hold out to those Officers, that every one noted island iiiihriadiag his efforts. He felt
of them was thus to be rendered a mere slave, and strongly, mach -INVOONIIO perhaps than many
dependant on the whim and caprice of say Ministry? others, the dangers milli 'which such a course
lbere were near 19,000 half pay officers in oar *ens threstmed oar liberties, and therefore he had been
vice ; and what so engine was here for the destrue. induced to enlarge upon them. He hoped, by so
Ilion of every remaining particle of the liberties and doing. he should not lead them astray from the
ependence of the country, if they were to be object for which they met, and *bleb had his
dered such slave; lied depeadasts on the will of warmest wishes for its success. He then concluded
Minister as the exereieei of meek a power would by thanking the meeting for the honour they had
to make them. If emir be had understood any done him, and the patient attention they
.had given
' of the_ nature of the, Cessmitetion of the to his observations.
i .. •
utry under which he keel, we ought to have a Thunders of applause followed the conclusion
civil Constitution. The laws were to be emended, of the Hon. Gentleman's speech, which were sec.
ind the peace sad order of the toiletry maintained ceeded by load and repeated calls foe .".. -"'
'by the authority of the civil magistracy; the army. Dr. Lusnistrron. who mounted the table
however, were sent out to the essistmee of the amidst a tumult of applause, sod mid it was not
r 'civil power ; whenever it, was so seat, agreeably to his intention to have trespassed on the meeting by
the law of the lead and the established principles of any observations that day, had lie not beets called
the Constitution, they.could only act iii conformity epos so to do by the last Resolution pet from the
with, Dud obedience to, thowedars of the .civil Ma. Chair, and the pointed manner in which they hod
gistrate under whose dirmaillosibry were command- now done him the honour to mention his name;
,ed to put themselves. flat wituntbey were out, act. for bedid conceive that the observations whiCh had'
lag no doubt agreeably to themders which they pri- beta so ably submitted to them by his Hon. Friend
;irately received, they undertook toect for themselves, in the Chair, had embraced all the topics connected
and to keep the peace in their own way ; according with the object of their meeting. Moat cordially
to a phrase often heard from the esiastbs of Lawyers did he unite with their Hon. Chairmen in that midi.
and Judges, they took the law in their own bands ; meat, that the cause in which they were new strew
they acted not eoly without orders. but he had no bled was one less of individual than of nattered
doubt when the case should be fully gone into, that interest. For, when he considered the act of winch
'it would appear that they had acted even against the the Government had heeo guilty, in dismissing an
will of the Magistrates.—[A Gentleman war the individual from the military service of the totentry,
table said be could prove that they acted without without trial, without accusation, without even the
, pie appriihntion, and against the will of the Magis- favour of an explanation of the ground. of such dis-
tnites.]-1t was for feeling thus, and acting upon missal, be could out but consider it as an act of
the impulse of thews feelings, that the worthy and pure despotism, as an exercise of arbitrary power
:honourable Individual whose conduct was now the the meet absolute-sod oppressive.—Voied opplasse4'
•,ect of their o;wlsid‘htlitto had become the victim —To what a state would our numerous army. aril
1 the iluietiiee of "Swims's'. No charge had numerous than had ever before been known is 1-
r . kegs pisfensd ageism bins, net even the shadow time of peace, be reduced. if Officers were Oise'
of an accusation had been ett , . He bad rendered liable to the forfeiture of all the rank sat'
.lisfie.4ejtwited of:tri 44,- bet, Merida stood allowances earned by lung Mid arduous service fee-
..
flg* ff 'II 4c. Iwo *pi ban made to the honest and manly eepressien of opinions, or

"TIIR"

311 -
N

conscientiously acting in opposition to Ministers ?
The example will take deep root; the fear of simi-
lar treatment will operate on the minds of all those
who are now in the army; and they, as well as
those who may hereafter enter its ranks, must either
become the instruments of despotism, or shrink
from the ',pressings of their opinions when they may

--
iii London and the vicioitys 'satin all ports of the happen to be hostile to the conduct of Government.
t*untry, the people would assemble to express their Better would it be, as a choice .of.ills, that • pure
ence of this transaction ; and as a verdict of despotism should at once be established ; better
.arikal hlarder and of Manslaughter had been re- that the army should at once be declared the blind
turned against individuals who were named, and mid passive instruments of ministerial power, for
ob steps had been taken to bring those individuals then we should know what we had to trust to, than
. • justice. he trusted the opinion of the whole that by this degrading influence of fear it should be
,posid be placed on record in reprobation made to yield the strongest and brat support to a
~' ..preeeedings. Let every man pot himself bad Administration—that of silent approbation.—
frillbililmment in the situation of Honey and Francis, No man ought to say that an Officer in the army
tills:•isenocent and quiet spectators of what was ought not to be as independent us any moo living
• around them, and consider what would be on his property. He ought unquestionably to be
Jillos•reflectiou of his family and friends, if, in such free and uncontrolled in the exercise of his politi-
flirmsoistencee, he should be slain by an armed l cal and civil rights. When he came to view the
'soldiery turned loose on the people. Every officer individuall who had been singled out as the object
411Ahe army ought to view such transactions iu the of this exercise of Ministerial vengeance he felt
ON light as Sir R. Wilion ; all should behold I no bounds to his indignation. He was our who had
',them with the same sentiments; all should feel shown himself in battle bold, arid in ronquest
frith him, and determine not to return home from merciful, humane and generous. Ever forward to
diloasereice of their country in foreign fields with the wield the sword against the enemies of his country '
Midge of slavery on their foreheads, and sink into in the field, he had ever been ready to hold put hie
.the degraded condition of silent subniissiveness said baud to the ranee) foe, to extend to him the beriefil 1
litmus dependance on the caprice of a Minis. of his influence and authority, and to ittopaWl
~.Bue if the manner in which the Ministry have relief, even to the sharing of ins comforts and
Amin .to visit the conduct of Sir Robert Wilson his purse to his enemies in distress. He allot:WV
wise posed by unnoticed by the people, if it should in particular to his exertions to procure the release
-ow be marked by the expression of their ouquali- of the Physician-General of the French army, and
alit reprobetion, every officer in the service must to his furnishing him with clothes and money to for-
,beetnifter be silent : whatever the conduct of Minis. ward him on his route. His conduct iu that hi-
ller. any be; whatever violence may be perpe- stance did honour to humanity, and beautifully
Armed. whatever injustice may be committed. exemplified the precept of beiug ,s brave to those
sxhatever inroad may be made on the liberties of who oppose us, and merciful to those who are in our
*Lowrie, he must learn to look on in silence—he power." After a long and glorious career of service
_ venture a single expression of disapproval, in various countries, he returned loaded with honours,
he will be liable to instant dismissal from the in peace, to the bosom of his country, and was elect-
service in which he has been reared, and forfeit the ed by the nubought suffrages of the inhabitants of
fecosysece which his toils have hardly earned. the Borough of Southwark to represent them in
pip whims of the Judges had ',ready been given Parliament. And when there, where could they find
811411tr.One Isf an officer on half-pay which was a Member more constant in his attendance—where
aiiromehe
Wore them, that officers so circumstanced • bolder advocate or • more watchful guardian of
1110 subject to military law. but were fully en- f the rights and liberties of the people—where a more
. .
' of _:•;_ perseverin•- . -

zealous, active, and _ .dig promoter of the
interests of his constitueliii ? Aud wh.o the per-
secution of our departed (4uren burst forth with all
its malignance, who stepped forwent with greater
manliness to her support ?—who diapls)ed greater
seal in ber cause ?—where had she a more active,
more intrepid, or more faithful defender ? All
might have been pardoned but this—(load and rei-
terated applaase)—this it was that drew the bolt
and pulled down the whole force and sense-listed
weight or terial

were
de-

done him, and the patient hearing they had afforded
him.—(Great applause.)
The CuataM•rt then rose and said, he felt
culiar pleasure in putting the Resolution he w.,
now about to read, us it mute honourable Purlitioti
of the name of nue of the most illisattioast.enizeii.
of London ; i Man who during tges whole of
his life, embracing •a long course of years, had

beew one of the moot wtrenuotmedeocates and aup.
porters of the cause of liberty ai,d indepeudeuce—.
he meant Mr. Novell—lap/Phrase./
The eleventh Resolution was then put and carried
unanimously.
Mr. FAVELL then returned thanks for the honour
done him. He felt that for ;dl the calumny ;Oath
he had endured he hed that dry received full pay in
the approbation of honest men.
Mr. LAMBTON said, he had received a note from
an individual in the room, calling upon him, as
Chairman, to procure him a hearing, as he desired
to address the meeting. He (s r. Lambton) had
perimuslifito .svisli hut to hear him, but of course
ha had no power over the meeting.—revies of
'• Name, name!") —John Gale Jones was announced,
and immediately loud cries of " /Vo, nor burst
from all parts of the room.
Mr. WEATHERSTON then rose, and moved the
thanks of the meeting to Mr. Lainbtiiii. for the lin.
nour he had done them in taking tt.e Chair, wid 1,4
his impartial conduct in it.
The Resolution passed unanimously,
loud acclamations.
Mr. LAMBTON returned thanks to the tweeting
for the honour they had done him, as well as for
their orderly conduct ; and after informing them
that the Committee were sitting iu the next room
to receive subscriptions, the meeting was dissolved.

FOREIGN INTELLIGEAC,

PARIS PAPERS.

PARIS, OCTOBER 22.
Yesterday his Majesty transacted business with
the Duke of Richel.eu arid the Minister fur Foreign
Affairs. M. de Que.len, who was coadjutor to
Cardinal Perigord, and who succeeds him as Arch-
bishop of Paris, had the honour to pay his respects
to his Majesty and the Royal Family.
We have given a list of twenty-nine Deputies of
the fifth series who have not been re-elected ; we
have to add the name of M. Simeon, Minister of
the Interior. • It is said he will take his seat in the
Chamber of Peers.
The account of the Emperor of Russia having
left Zerskojeselo on the 22d of September was pre-
mature. His Majesty did not set out till the 26th.
—( Frankfort Journal.)
MADRID, OCTOBER 10.
The Prefect of Pan (Lower Pyrenees) has writ.
tea Sh. the Political Chief of Saragossa to remove
all anxiety with respect to certain rumours time-
piloted by the Bpsoish refugees in that part of France.
ris w Prefhecicth uhbawvielubeteleln denies
dissemtitteddecebiytful isteartoe--
ace concerning those pretended projects ; he pro-
eel to exert all his authority to preserve the WM.
e relabels, mod goodwill between the Iwo ea-
lisio.—( I/Novena/4
Letters from Cordova, Grenada, Seville, and
iishipii ownossoce, that the public health is not
meggieed its any quarter of those revival parts of
I•Airdslasoia ; however the authorities combative io üb.
serve sealer's of precaution. • It is hoped the sea-
son which is advancing will put an end to all
apprehension. '
The electiooe proceed with good order and trio-
_ qiii. The convocation of the Extraordinary
.Chttea is productive of all the happy effects which
Olteld have beet) expected from it. All ‘Spisio is
?engaged with the election,.. A cruel disease ra-
lailleges two provinces. Circumstances are suffi-
ciently critical to excite just upprehensionsi never-
' teas, such is the contideece intqpired by the
presence of the Congress, stud the harestioy which
prevails amongst the great powers of the state,
that the whole kingdom enjoys a tranquillity which
it has not experienced for many years. Merino,
Zilches?, Roo, mid the famous Jayme, do at
supply even an article for a journal.
At the close of the sitting of the Extraordinary
Cortes on the 9th, the Committee of WAIT los& a
report on the note of the Minister at War, requir-
ing to be empowered to call into service eight or
ten daemon! 4%11* provincial militia in the pro-
vince where the epidemic disorder has made its spa
pearance.
The Committee were of opinion that leave should
he given.
The report wiH immediately be submitted to the
&aloe of the Congress.
~:' . PALERMO, SEPTEMBER 13.
The result of the preparatory operation, of the
scrutiny ise that there are scarcely five Jedgea iit the
whole island who have not been coneerwed with the
Corbooari: the Intendants, the Presideots, Lc.
are nearly in the same situation. What would
be our fate, should the Austrians leave we for a
moment ? It is thought that M. de Medici will
slimily returAs to office; the only opposites' that
remains to be overcome es that of the Hereditary
Prince. The annual deficit of our finances in Si.
cily is 600,000 ounces (about 7 millions of francs);
that of the de bled,ci budget was only 52,000.
AUGSBURG, OCTOBER 15.
It is considered certain that the King of
Prussia will nuffiedlately proceed to the frontiers
of his dnrutnious, to have an interview with la.
Britannic Majesty. The Cabinet of Berlin con-
tinues to carry on nn active correspondence with
that of St. Petershurgh. Couriers succeed each
calor every moment.
It is thought the decision relative to the affairs of
Turkey will soon he made known. We are posi-
tively sawed that Russia and Frsaee peeked, co-
incide in the police to he pursued with respect to
the cause of the Greek Insurgents.
-.........-

tmuL
ministL__ vengeance and malignity
upon his devoted head. All other offeiices
might have been forgiven, but this last was
crime beyond the power of redemption. F'
this the full penalty of vengeance was exact.
this it was that stimulated the utmost endear
of his enemies to degrade and ruin him, if it
in their power. But their efforts would
rested by the interference of the people,
trusted, would stretch forth their hands to his a..
port, shield him from degradation, and raise him
above want. He trusted also, that the people of
illailthwark. when the opportunity should present
itself, would prove their coufidence in him to be
unabated, by again returning him as their Repre-
sentative io Parliament.—(load applause.)—Fie
had only now to return his thanks for the attention
with which they had heard him. He had abstained
from all other topics arising out of the events of
that mournful and Memorable day, and confined
himself strictly to that which was the immediate
object of their meeting ; because he looked forward
with steadiness and anxiety to the period, nut far
distant, when those subjects would be gravely dis-
cussed and minutely investigated. He 'limpid
continue to refrain from all discussion of the topics
to which he alluded, and treasure them in his mind
only to be mentioned where he should have an op.
parent to combat and an enemy to face.—(lead and
long-contixsted cheering followed the close of the .
t not cwt . _
Learned Gentleman's speech.) I
Mr. ELLICE having been loudly and repeatedly Zsldivar, Roe, and the ...
called on, then came forward and raid, after what supply even an article for a journal.
had passed at this meeting, and the expression of At the close of the sitting of the Ems"'
L opinions by his Hon. Friends near him, in which he Cones on the 9th, the Ow--
`á entirely concurred, he could have wished to repot t att.&
spare the meeting the fatigue of listening to a mere
return of thanko, which but for that reason he
should have made when the Resolution was passed
in which his name was first mentioned as our of the
Trustees appointed by the meeting. He felt duly
sensible of the honour conferred on him by the ap-
pointment, and would cordially co-operate with
those who were associated with him in the trust, in
their endeavours to give a proper application to the
fund which the munificence of the public should
place at their dispose!, and that nut more
from private friendship and personal esteem
for the Hon. and excellent individual who was
the object of their attention, than from a **ere
admiration of the principle by which their pusetit
exertions were guided.—(applause.)—lf any man
had the smallest patticle 'or doubt ur scepticism re-
insisting on his mind, as to the conduct of that in-
dividual, on the occasion which is supposed to have
led to the conduct which has been pursued towards
him, he (Mr. Ellice) hoped to be able to remove
it. His Hun. Friends had already told them that
that individual was nut absent frow them fur ten
minutes during the whole of the day_ of the funeral;
for the four or five days preceding that event, up
to five o'clock of the evening before it, he was with
him (Mr. Ellice) travelling on the wey from Paris.
An affidavit was said to have been juade, stating
him to have been present at a meeting held at a
time when he was with him (Mr.' E ) in a post-
' chaise on the road from Puri s.—(dpplustre.)—Tlte
same degree of truth no doubt ass tti be funnel in
other statements which had been Risk; and the pro-
ceedings of that day would shew the degree of credit
which those statements were likelyecrebtain with the
people of England. That was a meeting not coll. SPANISH PAPERS.
ed by any party, it was the first public meeting of
the people at large to express their opinions on this WADES. OCTOBER P.
subject, and he hoped it would speedily be follow. The French Journals of a certain description ils
ed by similar meetings in dither parts of the coup- not cease to utter invectives, sarcasms, ironies, and
try. He could not let slip that opportunity of ex- atrocious calumnies against the Spaniards, wh°
pressing his thank, to his Hon. Frieud in the Chair, largely contiibuted to the restoratton of the throne ill
for his aseettous in this cause, to which might be Louis XVIII. The infemousconduet of these ism
mainly attributed the succeee of the subscriptin. who are sold to a vile faction, has ristii nu in•
He 'gain thanked them for the tumour they had tolerable height, and the supineness of the Perla"

no i 44 scrediLto any man to be voluntarily support-
"' ed Ids 'qslll Of England : last of all to urge.
, sudh rir,t4ptc, should they be whose band* were
scarcely ever out of the pockets of the people.—
, vis Timassasiwayirtraid show to those wretched, gee.
IAS 4 It new.iftir • however high their stations,
wstoe' rhki ' Abet be low '-it would thew that there
• . wag .Aspitt is the country, which would not
Ur hr sAystintly, nor see one of their best
friankleillisiLl sridiout striving to Save him.—
(Ara* fbrehe sat down, he would say a word
• off.silliject connected with the present.
Thfy, gm 4 Taro of the conditiou of the wires and

- ----,l,tter ~ •u 1) .. ,j,,,,...i-77,-
. • Whew 'hilt pleseirifput the first
• - Resothtiog,!• Si in au elevated pool-
side at one aide oft ' rodato'eatti was proceeding to
didslress the meet' , telitialson being asked his
• '•• time, sale( It Verne and no sooner
1-11-I;iiii he fiteert 'the. Iliticirsios saluted with
q
. ,
..,.:* mime, ui •bi. hisses, *booboo.* and
...I.- etiei44l a Y 'jk Chairman and some of
-id its* nehtithiseiAlfrailt; 1410 e Oasis to biin to come
t•s t• lathe tablerstinc"ii ' **iiggling, he suc-
b•oftrerftil id It4thiltaif • Hiatt 14 ; ' -bad he mounted
rte 4
4,4•• 'ow it;' midllZell tiayi lie —oratorjcal attit ode,
:•••'•••thits' fl*" id '41161117 eery discordant
-lvl Vann& thitta iiittl'cotW Wilds, grip renewed.
-'' a GetttlWirpiitosichett thlit eti, and touching
-• ()bliss dniftnhbltltler, spoke 'siitiaiihing in his ear,
ry; Alpeaoinorairifli a view of persuading bim to retire;
.11,11! bui.heltenilit4J hi niiintsining the post he had us-
.tillttrouaitedrille -.continued to mouth and vociferate
spi'clialtie andistflitituishable aounda, accompanied with
boo Ifiteintrittliotat tditietilatiois and contortion of both
ttivol'ace sniPpersoit To; several Minutes, amidst a din of
...•"-stpposing 'Yokes' as dettlening
,i , lktersevering us
it
Irt viol e'er heartt ill any Ptibfic wbly, until at
.4aniarietth conlitreed •of the its thorns, of pro.

lIRYAN again came forward. sod said
e more to return his thanks to the meet-
, additionst proof of their kiftduess.-.-
ion he had that Asy_nswi with, was more
qoate repayme4l for ali,trpling incori-
rtt whiCh he might' 1.0 p#, ip °whir ,
lair invitation ; I. . ' . of irliiiii
i snometit, Mimi ' L' - • . frpiii be-
to aitt'tud rd roisipte
~ - folk* 9f
the'caget wlisci 40 sl:gp tai.
42 .14,;. I'S
‘M' • el'. • • i ."
