THE BRITISH PRESS.

had o'Jtained a degree of success and prosperity unexampled in the
annals of any other country. But we were told that this was not
the case, and had heard from high authorities that the distress was
solely ocennietned by over-trading and undue speculations ; and the
remedy which had been applied was the depression of agricultural
produce by ore introduction of 300,000 quarters of foreign grain
and the power of importing MONO quarters more. if his Majesiy's
Ministers should think it expedient--a measure which he had felt
it his ditty strenuously to oppose, because he thought that it was
uncalled for, partial, and ineffectual. And this subject brought
him to consider some of the important questions already al-
hided to, and some of which would necessarily become ob.
jects of future Parliamentary discussion. His opinions had
heen sufficiently declared by his votes in Parliament, but as
there appealed to be doubts of the course he had steered, in conse-
quence of a worthy name-sake of his, who sat in the last Parlia-
ment as Member for the borough of Saltash, he should be glad to
afthrd them a candid explanation. And first, RS to the question to
which he had just alluded, indeed affecting the whole question of
the Corn Laws, which, they were told, was one of the first to be sub-
mitted to the new Parliament, lie confessed, that dreading a re-
currence of the severe distress which pervaded all parts of the
country and all classes of the people, in the years 11121 and 11122,
he should be very reluctant to destroy that system which, for so
many years, had supplied the manufacturing classes in this country
with their field at a low and moderate rate, and at the same time
was satisfactory to the agriculturists ; and he was not one of those
who could think or speak with indifference of throwing the
poor lands of this country out of cultivation, and thereby CM-
signing half a million of the most valuable and most indus.
trious of his fellow-subjects to starvation and the poor-house.
He never could lend himself to measures which might again de.
grade them to break stones upon the road for a miserable pittance
of as. or frs. a week, for the support of their wives and families, as
was the case in 1821 and Inn, and must be the case again, if I
price of agricultural produce is much lower for low prices netts- I
sarily produced low wages ; and in the countries in which these
existed, the people were invariably four ignorant, wretched, and
enslaved, ae they learnt from Mr. Jacob was the stare of the
miserable serfs of Poland, who, although the best wheat could he
procured for lees than ISt. a quarter, were compelled to subsist
upon rye bread. He trusted, therefore, that if the principles of
free trade were to be extended to corn, and our ports at all times
opened to the introduction of foreign produce, it would be under
such a duty as would effectually protect our native agriculturists,
and enable them to support those heavy and peculiar burdens from
which the corn-gmwers of other countries were wholly exempt.
(Cheers.) Another question which would devolve upon the Parlia-
ment,
and one in which the people of this county and all
parts of the kingdom felt the warmest interest was, the
abolition of slavery in the West Indies; and lie trusted
lie need not tell them with how much zeal he should
co-operate in the attainment of that most desirable and
Christian object. But he had observed with great satisfaction,
that in all the petitions which he had had the honour to present
from this county to Parliament upon that subject, whilst they
humanely pleaded the cause of the enslaved Negro, ther did not
forget the sacred rights of property, and justice to the 11 est India
proprietors. That was die principle, he trusted, on which that in.
teresting question would he conducted, and in the mean time he
should joyfully assist in any measures which could be safely devised
for the amelioration of the condition of the Negroes, to enlighten
their minds, and gradually prepare them for that full and perfect
emancipation which he trusted they would finally obtain. (Cheers.)
But the moat important question which arose for the consideration
of the new Parliament was, as to Catholic Emancipation ; and
upon that he feared a much greater degree of excitement, and
wider and more painful difference of opinion existed, for painful
it was to him, as upon that question--(Cries of " No Popery !)
he found himself differing from some of his most esteemed and va-
lued friends • and therefore he begged at once to inform that gentle.
man, who Made the inquiry in the last newspapers, that it was not
his (Mr. Flemings) name (but that of the Honourable Member ,
fur Sallash) which appeared in the lists of the majority on that
question. But although he had constantly acted with those who
were conscientiously opposed to further concessions to the Irish
Catholics, he assured them that no one was more favourable than
himself to civil and religious liberty, or less disposed to visit any
one with penaltiea for the exercise of that form of worship which
their conscience pointed out as the best. But he considered him-
self pledged, as well by duty as inclination, to support the Consti-
tution as it now existed. And, however whiling he might be to
admit the Irish and other Catholics to a full participation in its
blessings, as enjoyed by himself and Protestant fellow-subjects, he
could net consent to grant them greater privileges, or to abrogate or
alter the Constitution to suit their prejudices and accommodate a
foreign alliance, which would be the case if a new power were in-
troduced into the state. (No Popery.) He cared not Wit were that of
the Pope, or conclave of Catholic Bishops, invested with the pa.
tronage, nomination, and appointment to the high offices and be.
mikes of their church. By the Constitution of England the
King was essentially the head of every church—the fountain of all
ecclesiastical as well as civil preferments; and until, theretbre,
the Irish Catholics were willing to concede this security for their
good faith, and allow their Sovereign the authority he exercised
over their Catholic fellow-subjects in Canada, the right that was
claimed and exercised by the Catholic King of France—above all,
by the bigoted Ferdinand of Spain,; and by every other independent
Catholic Government in the world, he should feel it his duty to
continue his opposition whenever the question might be disturbed.
And lastly, upon the question of Reform—he was ever friendly to
all reform consistent with the maintenance and security of the Low
stitution.—(A Freeholder—" Did Mr. Fleming ever vote for any
reform ?"—Cries of " Answer.")--He would answer the worthy
freeholder, who, if acquainted with the proceedings of the last
Parliament, must be aware that It was not inattentive to the wishes
of the country in that particular, as appeared in the reform of
our Excise sad Customs laws, of' the Criminal Code, in the Court
of Equity, and of the representation of the people itself (as
in the case of the disfranchisement of (:rampound, and the
addition of two Members to the county of York). This he thought
might prove the safest mode of reforming. lie was anxious to
amend what was wrong, and not destroy. Because our Constitu-
tion partook of the imperfections of every human institution—be-
cause blemishes might be found in the superstructure, he would
never consent to destroy the foundations of that noble fabric which
their ancestors had raised with so much care and difficulty, and
cemented with their blood. Long might it resist the malice of its
enemies ! Long might it flourish, the admiration, the envy of the
world—the pride and strength of our country, anti the source of
liberty and happiness to the people; and whilst we lifted up our
hearts in fervent gratitude to a guardian Providence, let every pa-
triot tongue, for the blessings it dispensed, exclaim, " Esto per-
petua !" (Immense cheering, with crtes of Bravo, Fleming!') On
all these great questions he trusted that his sentiments were such as
an honest man might avow and act upon, and worthy the represen-
tative of a free and enlightened people. At all events, if they were
wrong, he trusted that the error would be ascribed to the weakness
of the judgment, anti not to the intentions of' the heart—a heart
which beat only with ardent love for his country, a devoted attach-
ment to the Constitution, and anxious wishes tor the rights, the
happiness, liberties. and prosperity of all classes of his country men.
These were his objects, these his principles, by persevering in
which lie hoped to continue worthy of their confidence, and de-
serving of the good opinion which their kindness had that day ex-
pressed. (Cheers.)
Sir W. HEATIICOTE csme tbrward amidst cheers, and addressed
the meeting to the following effect. Ile was aware that as • young
and untried man he must look more to their liberality than to his
own merit for present favour, but he hoped the day would conic
when he might revert with pride to his past conduct, and call for a
continuance of their good opinion. (Cheers.) The views with
which he entered Parliament were those of an honest and indepen.
dent man. It could not be thought necessary for him on that oc-
casion to enter into the great questions which agitated the empire.
His care was to keep hinieelf clear of all party connexions, and lie
should give his vote honestly and conscientiously on all measures
which arose ; for lie held that it was the prime duty of a Mem-
ber of Parliament to pledge himself to no man, or, in better
words, that he who represented freemen should himself be free.
Ile was but little used to address such large meetings as he saw
then before him, but their good will encouraged him. lie would
conclude with a repetition of his most sinceie thanks fur the great
honour that day had conferred upon Min. (Cheers.)

The Members then accompanied the Sheriff into the County
Hall, where they were invested with the sword and spurs, as knights
of the shire. After which they were chaired, a band of music pre-
ceding, through the principal streets of the city and suburbs. There
were dinners at the George and White Hart Inns, and also at St.
John's House, where the Sheriff and Members presided. Beer
was given away at most of the public-houses, and everything
passed off with order and decorum. There never was known a
more quiet election for the county titan the one ju.t pant.

We regret that we cannot find room for the excellent speeches
that were delivered after the dinner, owing to the late hour at
which they were received.

BEDFORD ELECTION.

BEDFORD, MONDAY, THREE o'CtooK.
The mate of the poll here is now as follows :
Alaequeen . 9691 Pyto - - - 465
Tar ihauck. - - - 58'1 I

WARWICKSHIRE ELECTION.

(From the TV -a i‘k Aderrairer, Saturday, June 17.1
Yesterday being the day appointed tor the election of two knights
to serve this county in the ensuing Parliament, the High Sheriff,
and several highly respectable freelntders, assembled at the County
Ball, between 10 and II o'clock.

The usual oath having been administered to the High Sherifr, by
Sir J. Eardley Wilmot, and his Majesty's writ, together with the
Act agiinst bribery and corruption, having been read, the Worthy
Baronet proposed Mr. Dugdale as a tepresentative in Parliament for
the county of AVarwtck.
P. IXUE, E•'sq. seconded the nomination.
Sir GRAY SU I PWITII said Mr. Lawley had been en flatteringly re-
ceived on the day of nomination, that he should content himself with
merely proposing that gentleman as a fit and proper person to repre-
sent this county in the ensuing Parliament. (Great applause.)
