Airs PEITTENT.LiRr.

• ,

'I

_______
• Bath, Nov Id, tr.o.•
Wr hive to congratulate the WIN- of this eity, en 'he addi.
Onto of arooth•rr et. oritable instil orinn alreadt .oshqiitifilf
amongst us; an lowdown', whose exclusive attention will be
directed to cases of distreis, no, hitherto included in any nr
the provisions Marl" in sth for the succoor of tho mi.e.star
rie G .14 ul till, Bitolt PirrideriliatV Lava *heals, 1.11,... I
Vl•ir !•Wwwts ; and moll srolily fill up the detail q.t. 'lie to.-
yolirtbon. bi level' Its rot ore cows's,* w•to he grc•Ac,l, A •
their Sot rueritiiig, I o-t w-ek 'wow,. •vors warners's, mud ft-
• • sretable), the folloowooli a !drew iod which we 1,310.1,en fa-
voured wit!, a copy) was delivered by the Rev.Mr.Wsiner ...-
Gee cat st ras • it will be unnecessary to enter, into
any explaii.i;ioi• of the purposes of nor present meet-
ing, since we At:• all apprised. I believe, that•ltarth•
lea is to consul; about the means of forming some
est-JAW-talent in this city for the reception, protre.
tien, and roformation of penitent prostitutes. i'l4t
an Initittition of this description is particidatly de-
sirable
in the place of our residence, wlll not he
doubted by any man, who looks with attention
,at
the state of its society, or considers the peculiar
causes which operate in Rath toward; The increase
of that itnhaopy class of females, in whosenhelialf
we are about to i,tarast ourselves. Resorted to, as
this city is. by ci owds of the isll-. and the dis•ipated,
as well as the feeble and tier sick ; of those who come
•hither in psirsuit of pleastste, as well as those who
visit us in search of health ; W e pitt,;t not be surprised 1
if we find a larger ptoportwis of fashiorOale vice
'here, than nlaces.of an equal population usuakslin- •
flay ; or, ifwe &O.:ever, that dissolute print.; plehan-
iserted from distant 44 Atop. should haVe poebieed
many ;tore initatvi nt female infamy am. itig‘t 1114 ,
`than would have been the natoral produ:l t•f the
soity,.ii niialslste4 by foreign iirtiavity, Such, un-
-fortsmatell'. is the fact i a co we may and mart It
'meat; hut which we cannot !sok to alter, tildes: it
were porsifile for us to persuade, 'bevy and the de-
Isatiilied to seek their happiness in the. pfisai4 id,f
'Ohm:instead of the courses of vice; and lA, con- +1
*ielliee'the waiver and Me profligate, that tarns isl
moo.: true pleasure in proteaing tie helpless I-
mal-, and m aidir 7, her who has no friend, than in
basely ti tiling the Moment astray, or pronging i
more oleepty a betrayed girl in mercenary ',tout- i
tution. .
.flos, although it he difficult, perhaps, impo.sible,
"to destroy or check thesternietous cause, it is hap-
pily.in the poo•ar of the benevolent to circumscribe'
its deur .n i., c of eft,; though they cannot prevent set.
diglire4hey erg, in many cases, reins= the seduced,
:by r stablidt ing *yogi t ptions foe the reception of snob of
thrift as have discovered Lilt error of their ways, sod
Cie misery of their career ; of such as arc smitten
with a full sense of of their sirs, and feel a longing
desire to escape from the slavery of them, and to re-
turn to their duty. Such an Institution is the phi-
lanthropic objelt at present before us; but, however
desit able it may appear to us to be, to establish one
of this description in the city of ttath, there are,
notwithstanding, some, both humane and respellable
charAers, wbo consider this object as in a great
measure already accomplished here, by the esta-
blishment of the Society for the Suppression of Va-
grants. dec. and the cc-operation of the Bristol Pe-
nitentie y with that benevolent Institution. Were
this, indeed, the case, our present meeting would be
unnecessary, and all further trouble on the subject
superfluous; but. if I may be permitted to call the
attenti on of the meeting to an answer to this objec-
tion to our plan, which appeared in The s.eh Cht.,,r-
dr. about a fortnight since, I think it will be gene-
t- illy allow.ed, that our intended labours have not,
as vet. been anticipated.
.. inking it for granted, that the above considera-
tions evince not only the propriety, but ids. the tie-,
tzessitv. of establishing in Bth. an institution of the
r • nature in question, 1 proceed to trouble the Meet,-
• ing with a few suggestior.s rmpeaing the lot oration. .
• of such a Society. us the ftrst instance, and the regu-
lation of it when it • has: toes once organised ; re-
.questing, at the 5/onetime. that they may.be con,i-
AlereJ as being sulunitteid with diffidence, merely as
Lints, to be adopted or rejearal at the• pleasure of
'the Meeting, •
Ist. As the Society will be founded on the broad
;basis of Evangelical lore and Christian cha-
.
'thy, and supported by the aid and co-operation of
, . the serious and benevolent of every description of
1
, .
Si • • Christians, without; resped to church, seet.or reli-
,
pious persuasion; that, therefore, its name he signi-
icant of the principles on which it is built, and
that it be called " The Christian Brotherhood, or
Society for the Protection of Penitent Prostitutes:"
and that the house of reception be denominated
“ The Bath Penitentiary." •
2d. That as the Institution will he attended with
0,
considerable eapence, both in its formation and an•
) .
fatal support, the following mode of obtaining sub-
scriptions be adopted, in addition to those which are
usually resorted to in similar Casts,, ilk. That the
Committee be divided into parts ; and that two or
more persons of each of these divisions, shall solicit,
in person, pecuniary aid, its behalf of the Institu-
tion, from all the inhabitants of that particular dis-
Wet of the city or suburbs, which shall fall to the
lot of any one particular division of the Committee
to visit.
3d. That alicease, however virulent, or circum-
stances, however wretched, shall not exclude appli-
cants from the benefits of the Institution. Rut the,
in order to prevent diseased femaleOrom seeking its
advantages with no other view than to obtain a cure,
all such objets shalt, M the time of their being re-
ceived into the !mow, enter into an obligation to re-
main there six months (that opportunity may be
allowed for their bad habits to be conquered, and
their minds to be reformed) ; or, if they quit the
house before that time, be content to be given over
to the ('iv:l Magistrates, to stiffer the punishment of
the law for their mildemeannur.
4411. Th t as nothing conduces more to the re-
formatio n of the mind, and the permanency of
good resoltitioes, than (in conjunction with religious
exercise) balsas tit industry. an easy manufaCtory
be introduced IMo the boom the profits' of which
shall be paid into sbe Treasnrilef the Institution.
E Men follow various particulars respeaing the
regulation of the toterior °economy of the
• institution.]
tuck, till . • the hints which have sug-
-te..l ew •. • -Thad, when 1 have been
'"4- ''''''' 1!`.'... • . •''that now occupies our
: .
• .-4"... s' eel; *l.llots. slight and impel-
only- the outline of a
4•'t Snuck thought, dclibera- '

5
I.

~.

Y

f

1~, .

0.

I:

~Y

r„J.
