i prepritd to
*noted by this Mame. t .adbeen
am:alto, the evid encel lcf it
bmo st re p
edeCteeble
llil4, one a Member of the Upper House, and
hrd'ao other a Member of this. who had been
Garernor of Colonies, but they also were refused.-
it had been insiauated. that the evidence
proposed
w?s the oifspring of selfonterest and party opinion ;
a„o, alter 411 dill, to ta'.k of candour and justice.'
what wink but a mere dthelcery of the name f The
Ni.ble Los
hed made various calculations, and
doom inferences from them, but the papers he
had read his Cilkulatinns from, were not Lefore
the House ; he hid never seen them, and there.
fine lie could only consider all the argitnients
deduced from these papers to be mere gratui-
tous assertions, and in some instances he knew
them not to be founded in fad o and he would have
resod this to have been the caw, had the op-
-1.,„ooy of calling evidence riot been refused.
,; • ro.oh gnestioned whether the Noble Lord had
received any information upon rte subject. It ap-
pecei ta hina that he had mistaken the arguments
of pee Coun ..e.l for arother, aod that his Lordship
had so blended the t subjects, as not to have
atom proper cnnclusions from them. This was aof
of magnitude in a commercial peint
~ea; for it was no small matter of capital
srrich employed two millions, with 4,0,000 tolls
Mstupptiig, and Poet thousand seanneu ; but all
ohs rod been trrated is if unworthy of notice.
The Foote Lord had argued as if the At Aeon trade
Was in:Oil:NU to the navy; but it was unfair to
it kr the loss of seamen in the African trade, in as
notch as mail of them were afterwards pressed in
the West. Indies ; so that there was nn more argit-
men. to pt ore the I o inea ou boo: d these sly p.,
awn this circumst t•ice unerring, th..tt of seamen,
in Aloe irons the Easy "i, elsewh •re, coming
h ene in time of . id evidence been gone
into, be should ha.:- proved that the seamen, on
....old these solos, towline from Attica to the West
1t,..: , were ion in such a state As ea i been rept e-
soot .1 by tie Noble L rd ; and that so far from
that awhile.? taking pl ice, there had been no
m on hoar! these ships than on
th. of %Ira ; that a great( r mortality was
hionietleed io carrying troops totrinSpOrtliftolll
to • .0 the West Indies, than happened n tOe ships
irons theme to Able.' a .J Cie We%l
Ike tram the manner in which Castors been
*re stint, he c Messed Se hod no expeogabi e that ju--
tics would be done by the prodeetioilece d.ouments.
• of the pa! er his lahr !ship pr outd had for-
-nnly been laid on the Table of ..ho H use, and
• toed of the ohinions of certain G,..vernnrs in the
Indies; and rt be now obje&ed to the ciao
• valence of two most respeflabk men, the sue-
its of these very Governors. and who would
Ohre stated differently. Su much for the feelingand
candour of the Noble Lord and his friends.—
tor. Lmoiship had then p•oc.eded to state the dig.
room tion between the wales and females in the
West Indies. .usd, without informing the House
whence he draiirshis r -nclwions, asserts a variation
eery d fferent from th, ounsel at the bar. who
w old have ',Merl by es id.o.c- the disproportion to
114/0 bee, betwixt four or five to one. From par-
!Oar histabices, th? Ni''.l.! Lord had drawn general
coo:twin- ; ; hat Ms throw* the gramme de-
lam stints -Ind slaßtler on the West tolia Planters
wnh sip. •..t so their treatment of the iemele slaves,
ia cases if pregnancy, and arm child. birth. But
can it he supoosei that the tionteis should be so
adverse, not only to the dictates of humanity, but to
their own interest ? for every female that has a
therehy becomes more rid:Wile to the owner.
He declared, that if he had not heard such language
sooken in that House, and had it been reported to
him nut of doors, he could not have cAnrei•ed it—
( lea I • The Hon Member (perceiving that
J.nr i Elowck had del' toe House) sold, he by no
means wished to interrupt the Noble L. ird's retiring
re hive his dinner, and upon his retool, if it was
his wisn, he would repeat his declaration-4a laugh).
11tt. ii, atter all, the present Bill should pass, and
if Any itisuireCtion should take place in the Islands,
(as he trolly dreaded), he declared, that he should
have a right to onclud, that it was lowouse tnis
Aa bad pawed.c more especially as the N ble Lord
had ackaoesleeted. th it for tweet/ yeas past no
such iesurratinn had occur. ed. In his opinion,
hada French General iii.isiei in any of the Islands,
with an address to the thtzos, te excite them to iii-
Iterreaion, no such attempt would have proved
more stermssfel than the preamhle to the present
Bill. The Noble tool thnught, that some sort r:
machinery might he suost tuted is part of chi ...-
hour of the slaves ; but was it rot most extras.:
fury that the Planters themselves, who were so
materially intereated. should not have conceived
such a thing pratticable ? The Noble Lord
said, with oae breath, that this was the proper
time, and yet, with another, he faitly aelcuove-
ledged that no hopes could be indelged of the
concerrence of France. But. for his own part,
be could not but consider it as a most improper
time lot bringing Pima: .1 such a proposition, for
without obtaining the eo-operationief other States,
the promoters ot this measure would defeat their
own obje& and, surely, if the Slave Trade be al-
lowed to exist at all, according to the late regula-
tions. it aepears to be carried rn with more lenity
lor this than by any other Govertopent. It sitifi-
ciently %Reared, that Bonaparte would never be-
come a pato to tech a Bill as the present; his ob•
ject seloot applied to was obviously to evade, and
now OiAi the fanatic ideas of lead
aml policy
were hr., I,e`lth,!, would Le hi' to take it up ?
With reoat d tit the Portuguese. he understood that
they had actually written to Liverpool to engage
Captains sod ships for this Trade, merely in con-
segitence of the reiolutinns of the last Pasliament.
But. supposing the Trade to he abolished..it would
Om this: be impossible for all the frigates of the
Britt* Navy (without the concerrence and comps.
ration of the Colonists themselves) to prevent the
iinportrion of slaves; it was the interest both of
the Feeders and Colonists to have Slaves Moo-
demi ; as to America, their p:
extended meted,'
extended to the intreduElion of Slaves into America,
but if permitted to evade at all, they would immedi-
ately adapt their Tea te to the introduction of Slaves
into our colonies. Ihe Noble
Col loud
oei st hs
ad
waive sus-
no
• onote of Me loss which the
s e Abolition of this Trade, which amounted
• ,toy of Morey mi'lions steriii,g, and the
s ~.to the West Indies to betwees foot and

Mr e Millions--. 1 momentous part of the subjed, hut
which the Noble Lord bad kept totally out of view I
With regard to the emancipation of die Slaves, he
had sinly to say, that the opinion of those who had
the brat local information on the subjel, was, that
such a 1111•:asUre 0/0111d produce the oowilfal of the
empire. With tegard to the gradual abolition of
the trade, he should not have objected to it under
ptoper lestrirain is aad regulations; but should the
present Bill pass into a law, hi-. beiief was, that be-
fore twelve months were at an end, conspiracies and
insurteftions would take place ; and with regard to
tmaucipation, that might take place in a way that
was little wahed for. Under existing regolatir ns,
the Slave Trade would have expired au& siientio. The
Hon. General concluded by intreating a factors de-
liberation of the subj.td, and that evidence might be
bead.
Mr. KOSCOE declared, that he should disnp-
point the wishes and ex pettations of a yes y respect-
able body of his constituents ( Liverpool), if he
did not vote for the Abolition tt; this Trade. After
the deliberate discussions which the subjeft had trio-
dergone, and the able manner in which the Noble
Lord had argued the subjea, it was needless for him
to attempt to argue the principle of the Bill. He
had ouly to se:, suit the African Trade counterad-
ed the.priuciples of human nature, and that, there-
-lore, by the Aboliton of it, eventual good would
be. effeEted. and the Condition of the :.lives in t..e
West Indies would be amelioratol ; it would then
become the interest of the Planter ta introdoce re-
ulatiotis calculated to promote the increasii.g po-
pulation of the Islam's ; he was, therefore, s tn-
guinr to hope, that 1., i t: from the Bill's being
the ruin of the colonies, it would lay the found-
ation for the happiness of thousands. Who did
not deplore the calamities of Africa? brad basil
not our traders, under the sand:lion of a British
Legislature, a ontributtta in a gre.l• degree to foment
and encourage the wars, Sr.:. which took place on
that COlititveWi CtliiSid,ring t'_.- length a UMW th . t
this butik:a had er
.aaged the attention of do. British
Legislature, he thougot it wa- now high time to
agiee to be Abolise aof the Tiede. With rg ald
to a compensaa on, he agt .1..1 that justice should be
done to all, but it would be unj •st to sitter this
trade to be continued at the ...1. —cc of justice
and humanity too arc': the perr•le of Africa.—
Wit , ,espeEt to the Ti' Teltants -itg sged in this twat.-
nc, he hoped they would bad a more ex, ended Com-
atonic uo ei wnere, do., that fresh chamels w old
be opened for th ar activity and seal. lie trusted
that ere long no yachts ce trade would be conduuel
I
to any of our C antiii...•tal possession,: ; and happy
should he he to mate with the friends of jii ;au and
humanity to put an end to so odious a commerce as
that is the Slaves of Africa.
Mr. LUSIIINGTON declared he never had
fra:ned his mind to balance the exports and imports
wan the first principles of justice and humanity.
should the 'Fradehe abolished, he apprehended mime
loss would be sustained, particularly to the Planters
of Trinidad, but lair claims to compensation, he
trusted, would in such cases be regarded. Every
article that the Noble Lord (Hawick) had stated,
had been already before the House. He did not
consider the African Trade to afford arty nursery
Dx stamen. Ile for oils herielie's service ; it. was
rattier a grave for se imen. Such were Is: evils
inherent in the Trade itself ; no Ad of Pat bament,
nor tegulatiutis, could correa the evil. Ile there.
fore heartily concurred in the Motion for the Ah s-
Edon.
Mr. FAWKES rose, and spoke to the following
eifea—" Mr. Speaker. the Abolition of the Slave
Trade has been, for the last twenty years, so re-
peatedly submitted to the consideration of this
House, and to the discussion of the great and pre-
eminent talents which have charaterseed and
adorned the parliamentary history of this country,
for that period; that, in addressing the House on
this night, I feel my insufficiency to add any ar.
guenent, either more new, or more cogent,
than those which hive on so many former occa-
sions been introduced.- But, Sit, I rise es. perform
a solemn but voluntary pledge made to my Consti-
tuents, that I would mark, with my express re-
probarirm, a traffic, doe most unjust and eiterrable ;
a trade, which has, during the whole course of my
existence. excited the strongest abhorrence in my
mind, and to resist the continuance of which is chit
night a proud and satisladlory feeling, enhanced by
the grateful recolleCtion, Ilia I have been eaahied to
join with my lionou: aide and respelted Colleague
(Mr. Wilberftmcc). in the accomplishment of that
°Nett, which was the steady, unerring. and virtuous
aim, of his priv.te exertions and his public duties.—
The Noble Lord who, with his wonted eloquence,
and unanswerable reasoning, moved this subjeCl,
has, I trust' fully convinced this lioioe, that the
measure which he supports and recommends, is
founded on the true prim-iples oft sound and liberal
policy. It is unneers; try for me to follow that
Noble Lord tlirco!g'i the clear and precise state-
centswhich he male, or to advert to
calculations and inferences, which were sothose ably
and fairly deduced. There are still powerful rea-
sons which' imperiously stray me to support the
Abolition of this Trade in Slaves, and which justify
every opposition to the continuance of a system
bottomed on injustice and inhumanity. Amongst
those which I shall take the liberty of stating to
the
House, the claims of plundered. persecuted Africa.
shall not be forgotten. Nor shall I satisly myself
with viewing the gue.tion as to the mete circum-
stance of dragging these enhapppy beings from
home and country, and from telatives and friends,
for transportation in a foreign land ; hut shall extend
my inquiry to the means and expedients by which
they are obtained. The condition of savage life, we
should think, Sir, sufficiently ,
withounci t
employing human ingenuity to aggrte its i-
dental calamities. We should suppose that man,
insulated man, should at least endeavour to
mind increasing the miseries of the untutored,
and not pervert the soperielity of reason. by
augmenting evils, which it is his duty to diminish.
It has been said, that though you abolish this mea-
sure, the wars in Africa will still conficue to be
waged. It is nohappily the lot of civilized, as well
as uncivilized life, that human comentircis will pie-
trail, and that the conflicting passions of nations, as
ot individuals, will be exaspeiated into muinal ran-
cour and reciprocal hostility. Is it therefore be-
cause such is the unheppy condition of oar
diems no-
. tares, that means are ta be used, and expe re-

ti•

- •-~ ---'V

~{,.

A

totted tn. for the diebolieal purpose of fomenting • the basis of a livered benevolence. . .
theta? Is it oecense it is inipesstele to sub tie the
; Quod al . , •nther ekaat, non ..aq:asin antitutana
f,
,4 d ~ere, dut annu nef.ab, it
lust cf eggreneizement, or to circuroeceibe the na- I
A:mont ,1 t-ra it, at hap re • vOttial• •
principled progress of rapine And ageosession, that - I rejoice wit i Mm in tee eiisel end elerietlll e7l t'l'
An unjust and inhutrent persuit mueteW-•eotitinued ? whtch he is aevat teeciSesie. I otiose* tomy ceoi•
and that the laws of civilie et statemethe laws of 1
I try, and io ens 14.eter, for the scree; al of Lien t•
this our common cniorty, 3.-all criceinage or cane' 'ley they apeear willies to display. • T:se mei in
',M
tenance the inhumed :have Dealer, IA he-bingo ."e •
le.
c.. % we ere, recant with weseers ; sae iss the
on the rear of tee airs!, which be has stersuestect • crews weie i are ,Lily witnessed by leisure. tee .
to carnage and slaughter, for the purpeee at Put "great struggle for its liberties nay take piece on
chasing the fleh and elood cf his fellow-creoures Lt;sheh
'
ground. Lot us wo ge earth wee te :
to eatery the cravings of a sordid and Greaten.. wriesgs of Africa as a .irciflOt upset one .beeets ;
even-? Often has the prverty of the tufferitee Dot tether I.t us lie our ammoy of the tie. and in
Aftican been the vile noise of his .persecu-
tinn, and often has his peoen been coniiened
juist'em recensmeaded hy the Notde .Lekti, 1e,,,,,,A
I the abolition .4 this 43 •rof :eigici derive sseedeers eel
to irremediable slavery, At an equivalent for the
somemonement for the toe long seemed ar4insuittAtti
p etion of brandy with which I. has been rights of flume:sky." -. . . • ,
drugged. to too the mind of its teasers, and the ;canto. GA,scorsiz;
eepiaineL •
body of its liberty.• Human store is ur.loyiutote-
Lord MA i lON speire• with great (Minn in ft.
ly prone to propensities, which frequently require your of the Ahotition. - He- had first iso -.bee •xli .
the restriffions of legislative wisdom, and the theces detestation of•this miquhees and eleeeehl- it ref'.
of salutary enntrewl. Crimes, which, if Lassa-netted from the strong and ci. rge•ie manner es veile./.j::
at hollle, under the cogeizence of those leers , heard ,i ,
t ieprubeted by hit ebustrious relereies ( •!---
which rested the criminal passions, would have em Pitt.) • •
-
cited the strongest seetisnmes of abhorrence; nay , Lord MILTON said: he tose with crieseese u-ue
be committed in Africa, without revolting the feel- diffidence on a subjes of etch great sre ieeetia•
ings of the scrupulous, at the same time tb.st they stifle but its magnitude w.s a genitive Ineemie • whin Se. i
the conscientious remenstraeces ,of the agents I for not give., 4 el:: -emote. .The popaLetiaatpat ~4
shall mu disgust the House by • recital of those yiesso jadeehietameeehnmeeehe suave
..rga„....1
..a•
atrocities dti elle innocent and ififfTalC •g• We' ,seined by the enemies of the Abolition. Tore re "-
hare heard enough of fleeting clungeous, eed the tend J, that, that ntemote w
.old net ea,,,;. ~ , e
merciless treatment to which these uohappy children f kept me but it was not in his power to • ertnnel le t' •
of AtricA are subj fled, in consequence of that meet
vecessity which ti ars them Gem All tear revered con- position, e hat any estuary alas rime: by .ihe s.ta.% ' --
Creator, which was incapitile of at it4irtig t i -.4 -,; 1.-
licaion• ',l life, from the social endeeruients of hit:ken:3 the ordinary fecialties of itteseseee sad )4,-
Cellar, huseand, and wi e ; aed welch. not satisfied
ply. He could co spate the sy etas of if*,lo4
with thastlLe'ne n, najus ice and eereecution, eon- Abotition, %esti, the prnut,ie h: :se: letapttote:.e
signs him Ou . !mei ... sn ire, ef.er a beastly ex- tetalty ;ever, up, to leiteleg less than :.,14oseeeint
posure, to the disposal of t..t legeest bidder, to be premiums tot rul,'.. try and UAW ri.e,r, anApvernmtqf
appreciated be Air, not as !is fiedow bel,.s, enthed tile ei,,,titeetin,
ht Africa. ;.; was te.,4c440.‘t
'.o'well mind and feelits!. but As an inanimate entor him to test Mu Or '.310:1 no the hteilee i 414 r.l•em
on the .. Au of weisle he ate), volun'arily specu-
, Inanity of. :ea AboliUnn. Mule , t emdeitrieeetie
late. Vs iii the 14 use of Comment tolerate a um- abotionei, w 4 u
,y,noi• y .:_,,,r.c2.,iii.,,m..404,754.0
fie commeacing in injeistice, and eloquently tonne- and teej,,,t, ~. ~„„, ,e ester, to .eolgs Aesser n .eif
niciag in murder ? Will it lead its countenance to
cut:amerced inureser r. - :.1'.:(. fr. Tel': , ,-
a system communicating misery to the whole C. 111• verpeul iespestanm. - it -a. • to s .e. ,r• e r ,
~. ea
tinenent of Africa, and entailing indelible &showier riga cal.m.., in, amit.i„m to t...'t
~..:1,1 ~
on the cbaraller of Great Britain? No; the time argument, he sheuld not ateicralz ::41., le , '"has.
at length arrived, when the arm of the Slave ing 'll4 duty. if hehed‘ ". ,-,ei-s, ~.
~.„.:, ,„ .
Dealer must be emoted ; and when men who are pelting that %rose of move whice ......o*.• eek
anxious to grow rich, trust first lean to be huresitte. Statesman Gale. Fax) hel left al. . . .0 ~A.,.: ~-4
"Co asset that such are not the dreadful effeet ; of deathbed,• '
... NAL .
this trade. is to assume, that thoesloenrue"" on Mr. BATIieJRST raid, he was atimseleoidimi. se
-your table are palpable tabricationte, inn, it has the attention of tile eeeaker eagiheiie Mme'
been said, that the situations,' the African ',eve its fer.thettah ha coiacirj. wijl or 4475,,,rxr, T
the West India Colonies, is prete. .elisto Alec of the wlio bad. spoken as to the principle cf tbes 'l'44e id
British peasant. First, let me be coevincel, that the
CPU Lot prapeieJ to go so tar et to Am volley soots."
slave in the Colonies enjoys the Douai of that un- meeimely aeoiisiting it. kle thought the preseet Fee
equalled blessing. the trial by juty,•that be possesses pulAtion not equal to the enherneatted'alsre colomese
the option of exchanging tee niegardly and peal- and that if the importation of meercenerem Able*telel
monious employer, for the ope.eend generous mass was immesh?. rely stoppeet, either the Pi,aut,:le wo
ter ; and that he is animated with wet proud feel.
, , sutrzr considerably •in theif properties.. cis tileuel
ing of country, which pervades- eve" Uri"' motas r:ould be resorted to. to obtaitso 'apply. Ile
bosom. from the lows: au the e'ee.e.... 5."... • • ...t • feCOM InentiC 1 A tax on the inapurtation ot. freth aei
community. Aleel with ee's Geese blessings, tin
I giet, as a
wretched African Slave is n_: Lea:l umesquainted. J measure which would teernately lead to
a total aholition. Sufficiect a:Ai:it:A.OU etas not
To the ptou ' Vic ennobling sensations of petrisit• given, in his opinion, to the payee, interested, t.
;$
ism. his .•,.., iessed heart is wholly *stranger. Africa t,tnag. the enloiineeeetiog the dirzo,eien of this
mei •-gkii.ll 1110,404.101. the c'"Vit4lAlleiing.e'leieb gammen. .aikaf ''tes4 0.14 .00444 of PArI4,I4PC4 reasont
0* •-•.....nts and overloads his qua-tur enet sofa.— likely to agree in this measure. The lieexiaraeM
", AS there a possibiliey of nuking the experimeet ; Member entered inta.a c It:eta:inn ct the r.Umftet a•f
or was the proposal made to permit the Aloe A birth and burials, 3r..1 cone:bible with some obeem
labourers, in your colonies, to eanoArk for this vetions on the ceases w:.ich °pirated against kiii
country, the whoa: tonnage of le .gland coold not increase of ner n-pnpulatinn.
convey the towed, of anxious tepee ants, which Sir JOHN DOVLE—r‘ eloSpetiker, the clifeicale
would he assemo'ed on the shares of your diffornt ea I felt when j fir.t offered mytelt• to your eetwee
West India Islands. And when they arrived in are in no seedi degree aggtasete.t. in careeq ~.:e
this country, how would their eitoeishment be of tee eloqueet and argumentative speeches of its
excited, in observing the serne people, who, in the Noble Lard who epeneu the debate. and the flea
Colonies, had devoted them to slavery ant wretch. Gentlemen opposer (Mx. lemerkee) eMs so ably tot.
edhess. disencumbering them of their shackles, enti• lowed on the sense side. But of this I eel a -sure
dine .hem to the benefits of equal laws,and elevating the Home and y
.u
, Sir, that if my argunsents are
them eo the broad distinftion of being free men in the not new, yet ;ley speech shell be short.—(.4 iatti.V.
tree it country upon the earth. Among the many In addressieg a British auditory, in earepot. et a
attempts to justify toe iniquitous trams.. and measure founded on the prim:V:2s of justice
amongst the variety of atoll eities cited to prove and humaney, an apoloey eprears to it.: le-
es propriety, the Holy Seriaures have' by some tie short of offence. .fee Right lice.eurelee
been quoted. That the Divine Author of the Chris- Gentleman who last addressed you, Sir. tat
teen batch, who engaged in his worldly mission rot declared his opinion in favour of, a gradual 4.11,.1.-
the exclusive purpose of saving sinners, and who lion, and the principal argument upon whic'i iais
-authorised by his precepts. as he seneirmed by his founded that opiaion was, the scarcity of the Neg• es
exemple, the suliiime apd benevolent maxim of population, arising from the disproportion of :he
" ch.lrity to All ro::n." that hie exalted dispensations sexes. Now, although I coincide with lam
nit; the
he
should be perverted into a justification of a mon- conclusion that the demeese of the pepthation is tee
woos. unjust. and inhuman policy, is a principle at consequence of the disproportion of the etzes I y. t
wiliest religion shudders and min- ility revolts. It Ido contend that this gradation. if I may be al.
is a principle. hostile to our present views and future 1 lowed the term, tends to the augn mtatiosi of the
expeetetions ; it disrobes the Gospel of its purity, disease; for whilst the trade with Africa is :sere e
and plunders mankind of their hopes. But we are to continue, the disproportion between she seats se I
also conscious that slavery has been cmexistent with become every day more extended. 'l'nis ie allho
1
the formation of the world, that it has continued shall ttouiple the House with on that part cf t
through all the prcereseino of succeeding ages : statement of the Bight Hon. Measlier. 1 hope, S• s
so, I answer, have other vices ;and will it be admit- that it is consistent with the corms et the House to a -
Led.. that in the seventh year of the nineteenth cen• veer to the obsetvations weich tell from the Let I. d
tury. au enlightened legislature is called upon to Counsel, who. on a former evening. se p poi tad , :•.•
supper: a system of injustice and persecution, upon propriety of es:reissuing this tree.% In appealiee,-
diwwy Preteltio arising out of the tg"orancet the to the coasidetatien cf this linast. they told y ...:,
arrogance. or the criminal passions ot thrmer ages t that they relied on your justice, at the same tee::
Rutter let us. with the sentimental *liter of our that they misapplied the principle ; they called n; sit
country sect airn, " Diseuise thyself as thou wite, still. you to stretch tenth year proteetion. not for the :-
Slavery, still thou art a bitter draught ; and thouget pressed, but for the mimes*, ; net to the %Mt I.
thousands in all ages have fu
made to drink of and undeserving staff:nets, but to the um -e et
thee, thou art no less hitter on that account." hand which itutas tae wound. niter
~ h..
..)
Would it net, I ask, be more consonant with the The Learned Counsel, an.; my Hon. 17rierid le -
wisdn:n of our Creator, to suppose, that in the hind me (Geo. Gascoene) have argued on tha e ..;
gradual nevelt and progress of hernan knowledge. licy of this traffic. I, c a the other har.l, cselterve
the hour had arrived When the fetters of the op- that a sound and vigorous policy caresot be eked-
pressed and uncivilized Allican were to disappear ei on admitted injustice. and acknowledeed ail to
before the light of reason and ieligion. When the ',unity. Had 1 myself a &Opt on d e ittt.
children of that persecuted continent were to be pelley of this system. I shoele feel it my Jut?
admitted to • participation of that Bread of Life, to yield to the superior judgment and understerie-
which was never communicated to individuals 01 ing of those ttr3 illustrious d-part2.l States:lnn.
nations, without imparting the benefits of improve- who, however divided on other questions of tore.
ment, and the blessings of general happiness. One cal imp:um:lu, wine uniformly sod suenueusie
task yet remains for me to perform : a task from united in reprobation,of this Trade ; anl who, All `.
which I only shrink, convinced of the inefficiency were, clubbed their talents in exposing it, r t
of my talents to do eistice to the deserving objeth from its injustice and inhumanity elm*. btu.
of my panegyric. In •anticieeting the result of this I rans its being incerneatible with the principles of 4
nigh?' debate. I naturally look with reverence a .und. enlarged, aed liberal policy. It woule. :lit,
and respect to that exalted and benevolent indivi- he perhaps an invidious task to enter into An? coon-
dual, who has made this signal act of mercy and partson between the talents of Ks Ntojett)'• pi eern:
justice, the loading feature of his pablic life. I eehease,,, and those Geodeinew who have th ~,gist
took with feelings of pride to the result of those prover to oppose t. e mow* of Airstitior,—
ho,oots 1.4 which my honourable and esteemed col- Therefore, Sir, in my present position, tak,ng it tor
league has so uneeviatingly devoted himself. His
anions stand not in need of individual eulogiom i zeroed that in pent ot t. le its and polecat 'scow -
ledge they are both equally matched, 1 Jo :bur.
he hss raised • monument to his fame, founded .is that whea the responsibility which Miaistcrs 5.41.
. . . -.N
