ITS PARIS THEITRE.

Messrs. COMIlliTe DVFAILTY, and MORIN", are the
tiller Authors of the parody of Osst Aa, now play-
inTr hterawlewile, under the title of Ouian Cadet.
Opera Bafa, to awake the ',meteors from
their kthargy, have announced the immediate debut
of a prima Dams from Portugal. She calls herself
&pave Sassoke A. She is to appear in Odour
The boxes are already all leu.
The little piece, attributed to Aitnereux, played
at the Theatre Fryman, is entitled 1 1 direr aree set
eimu ; or, Le Soggier eel:strait. It is a piece in rem,
and generally played after the tragedy of l'eser
Great.

Unon the 14th of Atign.t, the artist BRVNET
Set 01It for Bourdeaux, where he was engag• c; to
perform ten nights, at a salary of 500 francs earl.,
at•d a benefit.

It tat:iv, the altos., vet out for the same city
under a similar engagement.
Tbitse oho like to laugh, still frequ-nt Nl,.,ian-
sier. notwithstanding the absence of BRUNT'', and
fir.: their purpose answered in listening to the now
opera of L' Ear el It F.s; or, Le Gaston a rEpreave,
Irt:le piece of buffoonery, in which, however,
GAsscnAM 11:1/1 an excellent part, and BIANCHI
some charming nets7c.
13 the absence of the great French aanrs. the
minor Comedians play pieces of the old Theatre dri
romele.. MICHOT 11.14 been very successful in Le
Pia., de Comedic; or, Let dews Pigaroo ; a piece in
acts t,-
Tide Smioet : eitc% the title of the
rew piece to be played at the 'I reatre
tl—Y will play the part 01 - 7.4, • .e, an I
M. Timieti.itt that of Goarmandan; a famous per-
sw.age for the invention of sauce, ragouts. Scc.
It is a general complaint against all our young au-
thors. that they have too w.t (;rep d'
and they on their part are angry when repro:Lc:led
avil! it. The author of the new piece pla;:ed at
Lomita., under the title of La Prereotion Yr,i ,cue, it
we inay judge from his work, will never be in a
jiss:ion His name is JUST lA.

Our theatres are in great a4itation. Desp.driiir
of being able to get from had to they
aTr obliged to rummage the rr.pertories for old
Faeces. Caprice, however, oftener preside.; at the
selection than t4,te. It is nut general merit; but
the excellence of a patticular performer, in a parti-
cular part, that determines the choke.

After the Groin, di Trtfunii, the BOUTIONS will
reproduce Gsuida, Le Grh r.da..e, and hex
Jaen.

The ordinary Comedians of the Estratss fre-
quently repeat Le Prrjege tainesie of Mssiv•tx, and
promise a new comedy from the pen of PICA an.
Fr,,deom has been shut. The attors of the cnmic
,era are now playing at their old house, called
elted, or Leg Itatens. The old house was large:,
btt Les hall( /a is lighter, and painted in a more
Lautiful style.

- -
The Hereford Music Meeting is expeet.d to be
Most numerously and fashionably attended etis sea-
son. The Earl and Countess of Esssx leave Mar-
gate nest week, for their beautiful seat in that
cnucty ; where they will be joined by the Duchess
of DIVONSHIRL sad faos,i;y, Marchioness of S•••
1.13111. y and family, Lady CARRINGTON aati her
beautiful daughters, the Mist, Shill Hs ; Lord and
Lady Mossos.,'and Lord OssuLss us. Mrs.
LINOI'ON sa also discOed.

JUDGE BOWEN'S CMIRCE.

JUDGE ISOWENN CIIARGE 'lO THE GRAND JUR?

OF Cif ‘TRAM COUNTY.

"GENTLIEUEN OF THE C R•NO
" The period has at length arrived, when the citi-
zens of Georgia shall hear from the bench semi-
ments which ought long since to have been pro-
mulgated in the Legklatnre. Why is it that the
silence of the grave has hitherto pervaded every de
scription of men, on a subjett so highly important
as that on which lam HIPMF to address you ? Why
is it that on our legislative floor, amongst those w!to
are annually eleißed to guard our safety and secure
our repose, the most Important avenue by which
danger may assail us has neither been anticipated or
guarded ? Is it that cool-blood fear has paralysed
the minds and the nerves of our legislators ? .1s it
that the Apprehensions of drawing down the ven-
geance of the wealthy and the powerful has silenced
the cries of oppression, and the voice of truth ? Or
is it that, alike interested in one and the same
species of criminality, each individual is willing
that his own mal-conduct should operate as an Apo-
logy for that of his neighbours ? and thus, with a
view of conferring benefit, expose to ruin all he
most loves on earth.

*. Avarice! how dreadful may be thy conse-
quences! Unnatural love ! that exposes its objeas
to the justly irritated passions of an oppressed
and abused people.

" Long have ;our eyes been closed to the dangers
that surround you; enough have you been misled
and deceived ; in vain will the laws of our country
enact injustice, and authorise oppression; the loud
tongue of treads, and the sacred, anrescriptible
rights of man, will be asserted. Hear, then, my
fellow-citizens ! Listen to what experience and wis-
dom suggest, as the only means of rescuing you
from the abyss which yawns beneath your feet, and
now, even now, opens its destruelive jaws to ensnare
and devour you. Derived from the same Almighty
source are life and liberty. They are one and the
same gift—they cannot be disjoined. Life, without
liberty, would be considered a curse, instead of a
blessing—the wretched donation would he repelled,
and the Almigkty Donor accused of injustice Are
not, then, all men cloathed with the same privileges
from our Creator? Are you autisurited to assert.
that to one colour are given the two-fold blessings of
life and liberty, and to another colour life alone,
devoid of liberty ? Impious wretches I cease your
calumnies on the God, whose decrees are just and
immutable, and who can confound your misinter-
pretations of his ordinances. How then, does sla-
very exist Not from the
fiat of heaven, but from
the municipal institutions of base degenerate man.
" No human laws ate of any validity. if contrary
to the law of nature, which is coeval with mankind,
ar.d dictated by God himself. Neither are posi-
t. • • laws, even in matters seemingly indifferent, any
tut-ther binding than they are agreeable to the law
of God and natt.re." Of what authority,-then,
are the laws of this or any other country which
sanction slavery ? Slavery, which is contrary to the
law of nature, which law is dictated by God him-
self—slavery, which is opposed to the principles of
justice and humanity,--.slavery, which, in the lan-
rage of Lord Coke, can only be au•horised by
laws contrary to reason, which laws must conse-
quently be void.
"It is not on principles only that I will assail this
detestable system; for principles of justice and hu-
manity, when opposed to the di&ates of neat ice and
the desire of lordly power, have ever had but li,-
tle avail. Else why, in a country which bto 1.. t
republican magnanimity, and vaunts lou r r• e
rights of man, s. lynce is it that chi. d s,r , this
curse on oar land, still exist.? I wil; th 11 is !I you
in the only vulnerable part—listen to rm. —let your
fears be aroused, and let them (for wily can
operate the miracle), let them compel y•tu u du an
aft of justice; an aa which can alum! so use your
lives, your liberties, and your properties. Cast your
eyes b'ck to ancient history; do you not there find,
titan Amongst the most dea.lly an.t terriie war the
republic of Sparta was obliged to maintain, was
that against their own slaves? Torn your eyes to
the more recent occurrences in the West-ladies.
Has not France entirely disgraced herself, by a:-
tempting to subvert privileires guaranteed by na-
ture, and which she heist-ff. after having destroyed,
had res,ored ; and is not tile number of Frenchmen
immolated by the brave sons of nature, in their own
defence, enough to appal the stoutest heart ? And
who is there that does not justify them ? From my
very soul I have wished them success from the com-
mencement /If their career ; and I glory that so nu-
merous and so oppressed a portion of my fellow
creatures have bravely asserted the rights which
God and nature gave them, and have rescued them-
selves, and, I trust. their descendants, from the gall-
ing yoke of servitude. Are we not in this country
precisely situated as they were ? have we not a horde
of rois-i able, oopiessed slaves amongst us, R•lro
outnumber us by thousands ? are they ignorant of
th-,r rights? are they ignorant of what has taken
place in that country ? surely they are not. What
then hare we eventually to exped—wha; but bl code
mastac •e, and devastation ? There is yet a method
by which tl.ese h ,trot; may be averted. I entreat
you to mlopt it, while it is yet in your power.
believe that you hear the voice of inspiration, when
I solemnly assure you, that an immediate and au
implicit obedience to the diEtates of justice alone,
will be in obedience to the diflates of sound puticy,
and can alone avert those miseries to which we ale
exposed• _ . _

Let our legislature enalf,that every femal, slave,
born after one year from the date of the law, shall
be free at eighteen years of age, and the male at
twenty-one; and lrt the master be obliged to bring
them up in the praßice of religious and moral du-
ties, and teach them the common rudiments of edu-
cation. What would be the consequence ? At the
expiration of niwueen years, perhaps, one thousand
females would have a right to demand their liberty,
and, three years afterwards, one thousand males.
They would say to their masters, My relatives ate
with ) ou ; give me some trifling compensation and
I will labour for you.' This reasonable bout, would
be granted ; and. in the course of a few years, in-
stead of a gang of menial, wretched, unhappy
slaves, each planter would find in each slave a child
and a friend. In addition to this, let our legislature
say, that a master shall lay up for each slave a cer-
tain quantity of meat and of fish, in addition to
their usual inadequate allowance of rice or corn ;

that no rna.-.tii. shall be allowed to give lire slave
more than twenty lasbesriwithout the attendance of,
a magistrate, to . authorise. A farther punishment ;
and that eat h and every nia" ir who does not coin-
ply with these regulation.:; shall be compelled to
part with such slave or saves, to any person
whom he, she, or they shah .choose to live, on his
receiving the price originally paid for the slave or
slaves. A law of this nature would insure to us
and our posterity, the e.ijoyment of what we have
long unjustly deprived this unhappy race of people,
_viz. • liberty and property, and oticwitnes of life
itself. Let then these things, Gentleman, ocLupy
your atteation ; your minds cannot be more advan-
tageously devoted, be assured. I posse.; s great a
stake in this country as the most wealthy ; for my
little all is here; and no min's heart beats higher
with a love of country than mine.
" Put although I love my country much, very
much, yet I love, I adore the principles of liberty,
of justice, and humanity; and I will no longer ac-
knowledge that my country, where these sound
principles are thus prostrated by such accursed ava-
rice, such infamous condua ; but I will seek in
other climes for that tranquillity and repose which
are here every moment liable to be interrupted, the
moment I am convinced there are not virtue and un-
derstanding enough in Georgia to listen to, and
pursue the path I have pointed out In you.
" I have delivered these sentiments atter the most
mature and deliberate retie lion; and I solemnly
swear, in the presence of that God, who crested
and who knows my heart, that if, stretched on the
bed of death, I should be called upon to advise on
the proper method to secure the safety and tran-
quillity of this country, I should dictate what I have
now expressed to you. You well know, or you
ought ere this to have known, that I am far above
the impulse of fear or of hope, in regard to any
thing the people 'of this country can do for or
against me. Within myself, and the bosom of my
family, and to the approbation of my God alone,
do I look for happiness. I despise from my soul
the threats of the haughty and vindictive, and the
applause of the giddy, unreflecting multitude, and ,
have dared to avow sentiments which, while life
mantles in my veins, I will support, because I am
convinced the pursuance of them will be simply
an act of partial justice, and can only
.secure my
country horn all the horrors of civil warfare. Care-
less of the approbation of the public, when I lay
my head open my pillow, it will be with the re-
flection that I have discharged my duty to my God,
my country, and the poor, miserable wretches who
claim your proteaion—and I hope, Gentlemen, you
will so condua yourselves in this particular, as to
merit the same heart-consoling reflection.
(Prom Me Providence (R. I.) Gowan)

POLICE.

MARLBOROUGH STREET.

Yesterday morning, Mr. Pootate Wegfe attended
before the Sitting Magistrate,NaTNlAallt. CON •i• r,
Fag. pursuant to odes, accompanied by his Law
Agent, and a Gentleman of the Bar.
The Magistrate stated that Mr. Wolfe had been
charged with • :cbasiwz regimental cloaks belonging
to the yiinesit of Lite Guards, and, undo the
ika of P qUament, had incurred a penalty of SI. for
eael ofrance. The in/anion:in stated, that James
Ja.•k,un. idids 3iitch-41, had sold tifteen or sistect:
of thelc cloaks to the l)e.endant at various times.
'the last transaftion betiveen them was the purchase
of Mitchell's new full-dress jacket and pantaloons.
When Mitchell brought the first cloak to the De-
fendant, he asked him, had he any more to dispose
of, that he would purchase them, and as he not
not keep them in the shop, they never would be
deteaed, in consequence of which the s,••ldi,r
(Mitchell) was induced to bring him more to the
amount stated:

He observed, that as the chief evidence of these
fa Rs had come from the Defendant himself, and as
he had ingenuously acknowledged them, the Gen.
tlemen of the regiment were induced to turn the
the prosecution into that of a penalty, instead of fe•
loop, which they might have done ; when, though
he lived not more than 100 yards from the place
where the regiment is stationed, and the man had
gone so repeatedly to him, yet he never thought
proper to ask any of the Officers, or even the Ser.
jeants, relative to j.bcse goods. There was no doubt,
but if all the evidence had come before a Court and
a Jury, they would conclude that be must have
been conscious that he had not come by them
honestly.
It was submitted on the part of Mr. Wife,
that he was innocent of any impropriety, and his
readiness to acknowledge the whole was a proof of
that innocence ; besides, he was not in circumstances
such as would enable him to pay a heavy penalty ;
he did not mean to contend against the justice of
the case, but rested on their humanity, and offered
to pay 51. penalty. . _

Mt:. Conant-observed, that the act was very
decisive ; it provided, that if, on any pretence what-
soever, the articles were received or purchased,
such person should be liable; and though the defend-
ant had bought those cloaks for only live shillings
each, yet it was to be considered, that the poor
roldiers from whom they were stolen, were put
under stoppages to the amount of di. lOs. for every
cloak. He then, in order to satisfy the Counsel for
Mr. Wolfe, had the Black, mentioned in our report
yest:rday, swi,rn. who deposed that his name wa:
Jackson, but liad been enlisted a private in theSecoitil
Life Guard., by the name of Mite. cll. He knew r:*.r.
cloaths on the table to be his own regimentals, aad
remembered, that on Monday last he went to
Wolfe's with them. who received them, and gave
him twenty-seven shillings for them ; at the same
time telling him, he would lend him money when-
ever he wanted it. Some time ago he was passing
by Wolfe's shop with a pair of leather breeches in
Isis hand : he bought them from him, and asked,
had he any other cloaths to dispose of ? that he was
perfectly safe in selling them to him, as he bad a
room up stairs for them where they would not, he
seen, and that be had a way of disposing of them
abroad.

IS WAS contended on the part of Wolfe, that as
he had exposed the cloaks for sale, and had made
no concealment whatever when the offices, vent to
him, it was to be presumed that be was uncon-
scious that they were obtained in any improper
way ; and this na of the Defendaat was a contra.

• I I
d;,iin,l•4%) the evieence of the friac-c, woad: ;
stpod r'_ in the most favourable light: under t:
circdmsteStes, and as 'money was not the.koh4 et of
the gentlemen of the regiment, but an Piar , and
as the Dt "dant bad a lingedamily, and was in
poor cii clan,. it was hoped the penahies
might be mitig !!ed. - '
Mr. CoN tor eeplied, that ' Ore deferic, did not
appear to him ii:•*that way: the Defendant, it *as
evident, had dom. ,ISoth the one and the other to
answer his own prito...iees. • He had assertet.tthe Con-
cealment, as all intioc.'ment,to the other to sell to
him ; and had exposed th' roods openly in his shop,
with a view to avoid the charges now• brought
against him, and to conctal hiTs:4 from suspicion.
In every way, his own end: vete risweted. . The
AO was to prevent pownbrokcri from ptirchirmg
those kinds of articles from soldiers ; and if not put
in force, these soldiers, would never have a steam"
shirt to their backs. It was his wisir this bUshiess
should be kneoWn to the people in that neight*ur-
hood, in order to deter them from such traffic in
futore.• There was evidence of 6ftren or sixteen
cloaks being stolen, Aim: of which were news lc
was necessary some example should be made, to
prevent such praftices. The officers of th:e regimen!.
therefore, had agreed to take the penalty upon Sve
cloaks, which, be trusted, would satisfy public
justice.
Mr. Wolfe requested leave to retire fora moment,
to consult his agent. He soon after returned, and
submitted to the penalty of 251. which was paidr
Mr. CONANT told him it was a very dangerous
trade which he followed, and advised him how he
pradised in future. He reminded him of a lair,
who, going out of town, left her house in care of a
maid-servant, who, from time to time, had s .to
him all the napkins, table-cluatbs, &c. belonging to
her mistress, for which he got into a very dangsmus
situation. e concluded, by recommeetfmg to him
to leave off that son of business, and set into at
honest way of livelihood.
A cla,ionet was then products!, which had h en
stolen from the band of the same regiment. Mr.
Milikeexe, a musical instrument maker, who pro-
duced it, declared it was brostAht to hitp, ail ita
pieces, by a woman, who 'Ai., it had bee!: her Inn.
band's : he declined purchasing it at first, till 1 o
was persuaded she had got it ho..estly. The poverty
of the woman, and this pe• suasion, at last prevailed
on him to give her IS:. I r it. He adniitt• d, he
knew by the mark, that it had belor.ged to a mili-
tary band.

The Magistrate explained to 11:m th' ell:nee of
the offence, and the penalty aset ibe,l Isy Aft PAr.
liament ; however, as he was well sattisfi-i
e had purchased the instrumeni 'bone .ly
and fai:ly, the penalty would not be ego-freed t
he must suimit to redoguish the Chain:Act, w.t.cts
was accordingly done.
Hear., ibirrat, another jew-broker, tesisteg i 3
Davies•street. was brought up for an offence ,i..,:-
lar to that of Wolfe's, he having purchased. Iron
the same Black. one regimental cliak. He gated,
that the Black, soonalter he ly)ught the first cloak
from him, brought him some more ; but he refused
to buy them, unless he brought une of his otfiCet's
with him.
The Bi;ck swore, that the reason alleged for not
buying wac, because ht wanted snore for the cloak,
than Harris would give him.
He was then ordered to pay a fine of 51.
A hackney-coachman was ti.ted 40e. for charging
a Gentleman more than his fare fora set-down loom
the India-House. Upon its bei^.? represented to
the Gentleman, who was a Foreigner, that t'..e
coachman had a large family. he declared it had
been his intention to.give sha.e of the pettalti (20
shillings) to public charity: but, in consequence of
this representation, he returned it to the coachman.

VArdL INTELLIGZ.VCE.

POSTSMOUTTI, SIFT. 6.
Arrived the Ripen sloop of war, from the Downs.
Sailed His Majesty's ship Helder, on a cruise.
Wind Easterly.

FALMOUTH, stFT. 5.
Arrived the Lady Warren, armed ship, from a
anise.

Sailed the Priam of Wales packet, Captain Ladd,
with a Mail for Lisbon. Wind N. E.

DEAL, seer. 6.
Sailed the Sulphur bomb, Archer gun-brig, Argus
and Speedy sloops of war, on a cruise off the French
coast.

Arrived the Diligrvee cutter, with a convoy from
Milford, which are sailed for the River. •
Arrived the Persoss armed ship, from Dungeness,
and remains in the Downs with the rest of the ships
as per last.
- morning, between 10 and 11 o'clock, a very
brisk and heavy firing was distinftly heard at this
place from the direZtion, of Calais, which continued
without interruption till one this afternoon.

H•ESPICkI, SEPT. 6.
The Diem, packet, Captain Osborne, is still de-
tained hz.re with the Mails of the 4th for Husum.
Those of the same date for Gonenberg wait the ar-
rival of one of the packets that are due, there being
no one on this side at present but the Diana.
The Auckland, Captain Bridge, and the Lady
Frances, Captain Flyu, are hourly expeled.
DARTMOUTH. SEPT. 4.
Since my last arrived the 4thert, Loveys, from
Labradore, bound to London; Crean, Shillabeer,
from ditto; Roenecer' from Longsound ;
Gait-sank, Jordan, from Tenby ; and the Lord
Nelson, Oliver, from ditto.
Sailed the Betsey, Shields, for Sunderland; Hero,
Thompson, for ditto; Siecerity, Love, for Lon.
don; Mary, Thathill, for Cowes; Good late*,
Eskstoras, for Unsound.
tx.rouen, SEPT. 4.
Since my last arrived the Betsey, Rue; Portland,
Miller; Naha dad Susan, Prides, from Plymouth,
with slate, oats, Ake. Nymph cutter, Lieutenant But-
• terworth, from ditto; Jame Parker, from Tenhy,
with stone coals ; Two Jame,
Dinning, from
Bristol, with groceries.
Sailed the 411aris lugger, Bales, on a cruise;
Peggy, Morcombe, for Guernsey, with bales, &c.
Lawry, Leach, for London, with bales, paper, &c.
Sqhirrei, Hayworth; and Amity's Regard, Davison,
for Sunderland, in ballast; Nymph cutter, Lieutenant
Butterworth, for Plymouth, with men for the naval
service.
