France ; recnnciliatiou LP:coics unpos,ible ; ybu

onsecrate as far as in you lira the fatal prejudice
(lan aristocracy of colour— (Unieersal laughtcr)—
the most absurd of all aristocracies, and the must
destructive to the prosperity of the Mother Cowl-
try and of the Colonies.
I know that in cherishing the desire of recover-
ing St. I)omingo, you are too wise, too humane,
too enlightened, to think of humbling beneath the
yoke of slavery the victorious brows of 500,000
Pumingims. It is by your respect for the equality
proclaimed iu the Charter, by the maintemnice of
public liberty, that you will form the foundations
of a reconciliation between Saint Domingo and
'France. Pardon this digression. The Govern-
ment of the 'King is a stranger to the frightful
crimes which attended the expedition of Iso2.
Heaven, in hurling destruction upon that army,
took to itself the cure of punishing its plunder
and its atrocities against the inhabitants of Saint
Domingo, who had so valiantly repulsed the
English. Already hail the flags of those Islanders
Iva from the coasts, leaving the carcasses of
30,000 warriors to enrich the lands they had
devirsiired. Already was every thing at peace,
the genius of despotism, anxious to reign
ever ruius, sowed death and dissentious. But
let us repel these sorrowful images. The as-
surance to the Blacks of the liberty and pro-
perty they have acquired, with some compensa-
tion to the former colonists; a Constitutional Char-
ter, end the right of defending themselves without
au European garrison ; these are the means of
bringing beck the people of St. Domingo. I pro-
roe that this Petition be sent to the Minister of
I the Interior, and an humble address to his Majesty,
praying him to revoke the circular alluded to, as
contrary to milordl right, the Charter, and the prim.
tildes of 4:4.1

M. Parip..t I—When I held the poriefe mi lie of
Justice. I ant certaiti that positive orders were issued
to revoke the circular of the year I I ; this Petition,
therefore, has SRI 011.1 el t.

The Chamber passed to the Order of the Day
en this Petition, and also on one from the Sint,.
Chevalier, who propobea to meet the expenses of the
Stale by means which he has. a« he says, conceived
in kis wisdom. They consist of imposing a duty
earrillpf, cabriolets, owl even an dogs.
COHN LAWS.

M. Benoist, Reporter from the same Committee.

proposes to send to the Nlinister of the Interior

Petition from r Sieur Nbertio, who requires that the
intp.ttattuts of corn he prohibited, and the exports-
-11141 permitted. after some obseevatious from

M. Lamle tie Villevtiir, on the extreme misery
siifirteci by the !boor in forwer years of l ogh prices
of corn, Wile agreed to.
