THE QUEEN.

The PaiwcE REGENT and the Duchess of
GLoticEsTEa were met on Tuesday at Windsor
Castle, on their visit to the Princess SOPHIA, to
congratulate their Royal Sister upon the anniversary
of her Royal Highness's birth-day, by the Duchess
of Your, from o.4lands. The Princes' Soret•
of (.1 Losses:ma continues a resident visitor with
her Royal Cousin. The Paiwcz RaeENT and the
Duchess of CLOOICUTER continued at Windsor
about two Lanni. and tbeu left for Kew Palace.
whrse they arrived in time fur dinner. The PRINCE
REGENT continued there in attendance till past
eleven o'clock, mud then left for London.

Sir HENRY HALFORD returned to iiew about
half-past one o'clock ou Tuesday. 4ir FRANCIS
Mums kft soon after. Sir HENRY HALTORD
rehusine.l in close attendance during Tuesday night,
and after his early morn►ng visa to hee MAJESTY he
issued the following Bulletin :

" Kew Palace, November 4.
u The Queeh's symptom» cnotinme wilkont any material
abatememt. " H. HALFOItD."

A full detailed account of the state of her
MAJESTY Was scut at the BMOC time to the PaiNCE
REGENT, and no other soreonnt arriving in the
courw of the day, hi* Royal Ilighne,ll sent OD
expreso to Kew in the evenong to snake iininnits.

Ate late hour last Hight we received Paris Papers
of Sunday list. The King of Pitusst* had' not
left PIITI4 on that day. The Five tier Cents. haire
again fallen, but not unite iv low as bid befit re-

nortea on the authority of private letlera. Ou
Saturday they opened at 71 francs, rose rapidly
75 cents. and tiller some slight fluctuations closed
at 71 francs'6o cents. It was reported•yesterday iu
the city, that some negotiations had commenced
between the hank of France and the contractors

and great monied interests of Paris, for the pur-
pose of inducing the former to continue its coat,.
mart' accommodation to the public, which had

been suspended in some degree in consequence of
a great demand for specie•Ortit of this circumstance
no notice whatever is taken in these Papers. The
price of Batik Stock also Itas faileu considerably.
being now at 1,580 (rapes.

. .
Brawls and Aix-la-Chapelle Papers arrived at a
tide hoer last night. The following are extracts:—
AIX-LA-CliaitELLE, OCTOBER 29.
The Duke of Wellington arrived here yesterday
from Cambray, and alighted at his hotel.
On the Vitt) the Emperor sat for the first time
to the painter of the Court of London : in less
than two hours the sketch was finished.

The celebrated prophet Muller, after haying
made a short stay in this city, has been expelled
from it, and conducted by an agent of the police
as far as florgin, tour leagues from this place. Re
took the road to Julien and Dusseldorff.
lIRUSSILII, OCTOBER St.
Lord Paimago') is arrived herr. The Empress
of Russia is expected here at the beginning of nest
week.

A great many transports in ballast have arrived at
Antwerp, to take on board the heavy baggage of
the English army.

The removal of the British army from France
proceeds with surprising rapidity. On Tuesday
the whole of the infantry, with the exception of the
Guards and the 52il regiment, which are left in
possession of the fortresses until the 15th instant,
had arrived in England; and in the transfer of so
large a number of individuals, amounting to
15,000, comprising men, women, and children, it
is most satisfactory la know that only one casualty
has happened. Their embarkation at Calais was
effected in the short space of seventy-two hours.
Yesterday the embarkation of the cavalry com-
menced. bat we fear not under equally propitious
auspices as smiled on the infantry. The weather
has changed exceedingly within the last two days,
and our "shipping intelligence" apprises us that
some of the transports from Calais had been unable
to enter Dover, but were obliged to run into other
ports for shelter. In the mean time the other con-
tingents of the Allied army are rapidly withdraw-
ing from the French territories, with the exception
of the very few troops to whose custody the fortresses-
are still intrusted.

The removal of the foreign troops from France,
is. we trust, the concluding scene of the " strange
eventful" drama which for more than twenty years
has agitated and alarmed the wo►ld, and of which
the effects will be discernible in the political and
mural condition of Europe, during, perhaps, the re-
mainder of the present century. A mighty revolu-
tion has been achieved not only in France, but in
all the surrounding nations; and it is remarkable
that in the universal convulsion, the scene of its

commencement has alone been altered for the bet-
ter. When the unfortunate Louts XVI. was com-
pelled to summon the States-Geueral of the king-

dom, France was in her finances tottering on the
verge of bankruptcy, and in her political state
humbled to the lowest abyss of slavery ; an object
of contempt to some, of still more degrading pity
to others, among her rival neighbours. She has
since that awful period plunged deep in blcod—
has suffered the extreme of shame and horror—has
been ut once the reproach and scourge of Eu-
rope—has urged a flight of conquest and of mi-
litary glory unparalleled in the history of na-
tions—has, in her turn, felt the insulting foot
of a victorious enemy : but even in her humiliation
she has acquired the germs of prosperity, and in
her weaknese secured the principle of strength.
Her defeat has been to her the harbinger of
triumph. " Of all the countries in Europe," said
the CtiaNcet.Lon of the EXCHEQUER, two years
since, in the House of Commons, " I know of
none whose finances are better organized, or in a
more flourishing state than those of France."—
Froa► this opinion there is no appeals For the sake
of political liberty in France, let her Institutions
speak. The power of the Executive is tempered
by Legislative Assemblies, modelled as nearly as the
internal circumstances of France could permit, after

the Constitution of Great Britain, and by a grow.
ing public opinion, which etperience and the fur-
ther diffusion of political knowledge must confirm.
The establishment of a free press ou the must en-
lightened principles is promised ; the trial by jury
is already enjoyed :—and with these advantages, if
Frenchmen he true to thentseltres, we can discern
no reason why their cnautry should not, after a
short time, be one of the freest and happiest in
the world. Contrast could not be marked more
strongly, than by comparing the portrait of France
as she i•, with that of France as she .had been pre-
vious to the Revolution.

It would occupy too mucl► space were we to point
out the effect* produced on the surrounding coun-
tries of Europe by the wars, negocistionr, and
treaties, consequent upon this great moral and po-
litical convul-ion. Holland been the groitest
