THE IMITISH PRESS.

willing to work who is not doing well. Some Write to England
that they arc making seveial Imiti pounds a year; but
among those who emigrate ore ninny who do no from mere restless-
ness, and are contented nowhere. It appears that a number of la-
milks are still living at the expense of the Associaiion, in the
neiglihourlowni of Buenan Are% who refuse to work, although pro-
fitable employment is offered to them : aril none of them say they
are advieed fry certain British residents at Buenos Ayres to return
to England, where they will get mon, y trout one Directors fee not
forwarding them to the settlement when they first arrived.
" Parker, who distinguished himself as second in com-
mend under Admiral Brown, and Captains Bathurst and Niril-
Intighby, were aft passengers taken out at the exptrue of the Asso.
elation. A great number of others were induced former the Buenos
Ayrean navy. Mr. Joins has sent copies of a cramp mience with
the Government. showing that he exerted himself to reclaim these
men, but in vain. This has hail un unfortunate effect on the pas-
sengers by the last ship sent out, the Countess of Morley, which
was detained at Monte-Video, and the greater part of the pan-
eengers, refusing to land in the Brazilian territory, have returned
with the ship. A powerful interest was succtesArlly exerted to in.
duce the Brafilian Government to state our ships to paw the
blockade to our settlement; but the license was reversed on its
being found they our settlers hail entered into the naval and mili-
tary service of their enemy.
" The Directors have sent out orders to deliver to etch of the
passengers as are willing to settle at the Callers, at tiny time within
three years, as may best suit them, the land which has been pro.
mimed to them. They avoid col eri,g into various reporte of great
misdoiogs at B ;MA Aimee mitil they have further information.
They expect the money teluch they have expended in conveying
the settlers will be repaid to them by the Government of Buenos
Ayres, in conformity with thi it general ofkr. and also with a spe-
cial agreement with Don S. De looicri; and that the remaining
stores, anti also the hind ultimately. may be sold to advantage. In
those ways, if good II be kept, tire concern may be eventually
closed without lona to Shareholders.
" The Meetings easoot finish their Report without expreming
their thanks to the Shareholders at large for the confidence which
they have placed in them ; no complaint or importunity haying
reached them from any Shareholder during the adverse events
which have seinen, excepting from Mr. Peter Coma! (having an
merest in the moiety of a single slime), and one other person, who
have endeavoured to obtain money from them. They observe, that
the absurd fabitthoolds of Pile. Cottrell have been !limited by the
slanderous portion of the public press, who have, in erineequenee, •
mixed up the Trustees of this Association with those who have en.
niched themselves by the Bubble Companies. But no characters
can be more opposite ; the Trustees of this Association were in-
duced to join it frau a firm billet that it would be beneficial to all
enflamed, and name particularly so to the poor people sent out.
The sincerity of their conduct is proved by their being the largest
holders of shame.tbe instalments upon which they punetnally paid
up ; and they have neither bought nor sold a single share beyond
those they hold. although they might here made many -Thousand
pounds profit if they had chosen to cell their shares when they
were at a high premium. The Chairman and his two cons hold
no lees than five hundred of the shares, and they have not bought
a ahem, er been engaged in any of the modern Companies. ex-
cepting in this Agricultural Association. The Chairman, Trus-
tee, and Directors, have perforiued their arduous and painful du-
ties without fee or reward. It ought also to be known, that when
the Suhaeribers failed to pay their second instalment, the Chairman
advanced no lest a sum than 6,c00t. in addition to the instalments
on his shares, to enable the Association to pay for the stores and
freight of the settlers; and when it wan found that the expenses,
at ising from the detention at Buenos Ayres, were likely to exhaust
the funds diere, he rendered row/. due to him there available for
their further support. Conduct like this may he iesefficient to ar-
rest the pen of calumny. but it will not fail to be duly appreciated
by every 'electing and honourable mind
(signed) "J. T. BAUDER BEAUMONT.
" J. E. lIAULINGTON.
" O. DUCIIETT.
" F. NIARDECO.
" WM. Jttnn.
" J. A. PE LIZARD.
" G. D. B. linaustotcr."
The CMAIRMAN said, in addition to the Report which had jolt
been read, and which, he believed, incluthel every important point
necessary for their information, he begged remission to state a few
circumstances which were not so very material to the eharehold era or
to the public, but which he was anxious to mention in order to show
the rise anti prieress of this Association, and to account for his
same being mixed tip with the modern Joint-stock Companies. It
would be rettirlilb:red that, in 1017 and 11118, very considerable die.
trees and suffering were experienced in this country for want of
employment, and the working classes were in a comparative state
of destitution. Ile interened himself on their behalf, looked into
their distresses, and, as far as he could, contributed react. At that
time he witnewsett scenes of suffering, the extent of which he could
not have believed ; and having a particular knowledge of the coun-
try bordering the Rio tie la Piam—knowing its fruitfulness—the
cheapness of its prooinions and the high rate of wages of the la-
bourer—he thought it affnileil a great opning both for inechinics
and other classes of the indasteimits, where they. might not only be
well clothed and profusely fed ; but, it they retained their habits of
industry, it ;resented a certainty to them of obtaining independence
for themselves anti their descendants. It appeared to hint, there-
fore, a most desirable thing, if means could be devised, that those
possessing industrious habits, and who wet e then literally starving
for want of employment, niewhi h&aranaleseal tes ihat country.--
Ile accordingly entered into correspondence with the authorities
there. His first ammunication remained for sonic time us.
answered. He, however, communicated with some gentle.
men in that country, who possessed extensive local know-
ledge of it, who approved of the design, atid entreated him strongly
to persevere; for that in time they were sure the Government would
interfere. He therefore used all the means in hit power to promote
the object, from a full persuasion that both countries would derive
considerahle benefit if it sere encouraged. In the end his applica-
tion was attended ea, and Don B. Itirsdavia favoured him with that
communication which had been alluded to in the Report. He
would now pass over the time which the Report embraced, and al-
lude to the arrival of Don Felix de Castro in this country. He came
with credentials from his Government, and with an offer that the
expense of persons going over from this country to the Republic of
Buenos Ayres should be repaid by his Government on tlteir arrival.
here were several things to be arranged between them. but in the
end he (the Chairman) set to work, and devoted every spare hour
he had, to devise the best means of employing those people, who
had not yet fallen into the idle habits of the natives of the country
to which they were about to go; and, in the beginning of last year,
a ship-load of people was sent out from Glasgow. His intention
was to have pursued thin experiment at his own expense, aided by
the Government of Buenos Ayres„ until he found how it worked ;
and then, if it turned out well, to apply to his friends and the pub-
lic, to raise a Company, for the purpose of carrying it into effect :
nor should he have deviated from this his original intention. but for
the circumstance which he would now explain. In May, 1825, he
found that Messrs. Ouldsmidt and other eminent men on the Stock
Exchange were about to raise aCompany, foe the very purpose which
he himself had in slew. They were about to purchase land,
to carry their object into effect. Si-Wry to see his end defeated in
this way, and the plan anticipated by others which he had set his
heart upon, he immediately brought forward the prospectus for this
Company. Previous to that, he assured the Meeting. Inc had ever
held Stock Compare in greet dislikes Ile knew they were too
often founded on unsound bases and fallacious calculations,and had
unifomily refused to join any of them, although lie had had appli-
cations from the projectors of upwarde of twenty of these schemes,
anti advantage.' Leered to him by which he might have put con-
siderable ruins of money into his pocket. This Association was
touted, as had been observed in the Report, with every prospect or
success ; and bad it not been for the unfortunate war anti blockade,
which did not take place till after two ships had been despatched,
they should have gone on may well. There wine other considera-
tions, to be sure. Something like goad faith in the Government,
and something like fidelity in the persons sent out, were required.
They might have broken down in these two respects; but the great
leading cause of their breaking down was the war. lie was trite
sure that, if the war continued, the provinces on the north of the
De la Plata would become a desert. The lands there were in the
hands of the provincials, but the ports were in the hands of the
Brazilians, so that the people who were in possession of the
land could not receive any supplies. They could not reezive
any of the necessaries; such as wine, sugar, ruin, or tobacco,
because the ports were closed Against them ; nor could they get
rid of their hides or 'tallow. The people in the Buda Orien-
tal were consequently in the most wretched and destitute condi-
tion. Ile had been informed that their flocks were rapidly dimi-
nishing, as, from the insecurity of property, they were no longer
nhe objects of care or of value, and the troops who over-run the
country were tin exorbitant in their exaciinns. The Directors had
indeed been informed by the last deep front their Agent, Mr.
Jones, that there were now 50 families at the Callers settlement,
who were doing well, and were contented and ham ; but, for his
own part, he did not believe it could be No at this time. They
might, supported with the purse of the Association, go on in a
disorganized manner for a time, but he was persuaded they could
not be very happy. Tire best news, indeed, he could have wished
to receive, was, that they lad leftthe (marry fora time, until tine war
was over, and had gone to Buenos Ayres, which might, with pro.
piety, be now called the only safe stile of the Rio de Is Plata.—
With respect to tine conduct of tine Government of Buenos Ayres,
though Inc did not wish to say much, certainly the Association had
not received that support fit:lm them which was promised aod ex's
peeled, and which—looking at their own interests, and not to their
promises—they ought to have rendered: But let us may as little as
possible on this subject, until more information shall have been
received. With respect to the persons taken out, be should say to
this Association, if it were to go on, send out no more. Ile
xhould recienniend the Prop Tieto to ca lculate dpon a
a, to be almost inconceivable—not but that some turnr.eetnut out,
return from ro the industry of the eettlere. Such was the
ingratitude, the unreasonableness, the turbulence, of the pair
appeared, by their writiiate and doings, to be warmed with a proper
sane of the ohligationa and favours conferred upon them; but the
.
generality were quite OthLtWise. heir demands were quite exor-
bitant, and their conduct most disorderly. Government might de.
rive an useful lesson from the effects of the cxpetiment made by this
Association, and learn not to send nut poor people to distant echo.
hies, where the laws wire so inmerlat and unbending, upon a cal-
culation of being repaid by their industry. It was a delightful
thing—a pleasure—the task of providing for the poor, by further.
ing them out; but as to repayment! their ingratitude was so great,
leyftfrtohinenatheincliaßinalcinteurstaocid-
that it POOR neutralized this pleas:roes,
raanpdidi
cocottlinnttryiudweielide.h
tlutrnreeedlltyhenizeiraorpeed that there was something in that
habits which their education hod given them inn this. in a way one
could scarcely conceive. Ile land been told y a very intelligent

man that the very beat character sent bat women spoiled. In the
firer year, iterhaee, !something of European habits and industry
were to be seen; m the second year they became negligent; and in
the third they partook much of the habits of the native!, and fell
into uselessness. There was scarcely any other way of getting poor
people abroad than those which had been usually acted ution—
namely, by allowing them, as their own means arose, to go out on
their own speculations. In *doing this, those of narrow wane had
to struggle with difficulties, but that could not he helped. The other
mode was, that of going out under military coercion ; such as those
who, by their crimes, had forfeited their freedom, and were sent out
as comics. It did appear that these weir the only two means by
which a numerous population could now be tent nut. Thos far he
had observed. end lie would now take leave of this part of the sub-
ject. He believed the number sent one by the Thalia was nearly
2110; by the Harmony, 160; and by the Counter' Morley, nearly
2 et; and 130 of whom had retuned under the circumstances al-
luded to. In conclusion lie would el:serve, that if there was any
subject he had not touched npnn, which he ought to have done.
or any inquiries so be made of him, he should be very glad to at.
tend to them. He saw at tlte bottom of the mom 31z. Peter Cots
h ell ; lie heti received a letter from 31r. Cottrell's solicitor this
morning, weich he would now read.
"Sitt,-1 'note you (on the 221 ult.) as one of the Trustees and
Actine Directors of the Rio de la Plata Agricultural Association,
requesting, on behalf of Sir. Cottrell, one of the Shareholders' s-.me
account of the receipts and payments of the Company's funds, but
have not been &vented with any answer other than a request tc
attend your convened Meeting for this day.
" From the dneumenta in :Mr. Cottrell's possession (and to his
etillectien several voluntary contributions of original letters have
been made, subsctrtent to, and in consequence of, his late applies-
tion for retirees' at the Mansion House), he is about mireseing a
pamphlet, *tech he is advised to circulate, in order to prevent othe:
persons from being derailed by the false promises held out to the
public by the heads of the Asitoriation, as well as to expose the
peculiar hardship and ill-treatment be has personally experienced,
through the fallacy of the specious plane of the Directors to the
Association, which, tinder Its present management, lie is not the
only Shareholder who &spats of ever partaking of any funds to be
realized from its loner existence.
" 3I r. Cottrell is disposed to retire from the Association is lota,
provided lie receives an adequate compeesntion for his share arid
10•ACR sustained (as already ti irticularized); he must otherwise, in
justice to himself, pursue the course alluded to, rind which cans
not possibly lead to benefit the Association at large, bet may pro.
luibly have a contrary effect.
ea_ •
" Your answer per bearer will ohngee as its contents will glade
the conduct of 31t. Cottrell and his arterial (now at my office) at
the 3leeting to-day.
" 1 am, Sir, your very obedient Seevant,
" aI'ILLIA3/ II EN RE KING."
" 73, Hatton-garden, Oct. 3, 1826."
This letter was Inen William Henry King, 73, Hatton-fearden.
This Mr. King, by his language, must be an attorney. It is a
strange subject for an application from an attorney. Mr. King had
received no answer from him, nor did it require any. The levee
was a threatening one. It appeared that 111 r. Cottrell had deter.
mined to publish a pamphlet, unless he (the Chairman) gave him a
reniwieratiou—and this pamphlet, it waasaid, would not be for the
benefit of the Associatien. So that .Sir. Cottrell told us very
plainly that he would publish a pamphlet which should be inju-
rious to the Association, unless a sum of money were given to him.
Mr. Cottrell was present, and ne doubt would speak for himself.
lie should be very happy to hear Sir. Cothell.
ir. Coe T KELL (a person with the appearance of a mechanic)
then rose, and said that he was indwell to embark on board the i
Thalia, in September, 11;25, in consequence of the prospectus of
the Association. lie airised at Buenos Ares in December follow-
ing, and at that time there was no blockade. Why, then, had not
the settlers been conveyed to the Company's possessions? He
could tell them. The reason was, that the Directors had no land.
Thin had been shown to be the fact before the British Consul.
I After Navin: paid his paesageononey, and had not been taken to
the place of desinaiioe, he felt that lie was entitled to compensa-
tion. Ile then complained bitterly of the treatment he had caps.
rienced iron; the Agents, appointed, as he said, by Mr. Beaumont.
They entered his house, look his rhiid out of bed, to sell him and
Ids family es slaves on the tellowing day ; and had it not been for
the friendly interteroice of a respectable effieer, they would have
been ultim tidy forced on bard, and 160 dollars received for each
of them. Mr. Beaument had said the people were ungrateful; and
well they might be, when they were hunted like wild beasts, for
r the purpose of being sold. Under Mn. Beaumont's new code of
laws they might well feel ungrateful. His object in coming for-
ward was for the restoration of what was only his right, and not to
make money. as Sir. Beaumont hail accused him of endeavouring
to do. The Report which had been read spoke of 6,6001. as having
been advanced by Mr. Iteutininnt; but what had become of all the
money which had been received by Mr. Beaumont's agents for
slaves, for so many years ? As to the letter from 31r. Thompron,
dated Callers, lie coelti prove that that person was at Buenos Ayres
at the time of its date; and the story about the fifty families was
untrue. Then the Countess Morley subsequently arrived on the
south side of the River Plate. Why were they lett on the Baeda
Oriental, and not conveyed to the settlement? alr. Cottrell then
spoke of the agents as persons of no reputation, and entirely under
the control of Sir. Beaumont. Ile again meted the hardness of his
case, induced as lie hail been by the fallacious promises held out
by the Association, which lie could prove had originated at a din-
ner-party where 31r. De Castro and others were present, anti when
it was gated that dieseleeme could uever fah:cacti. He then alluded
to the settlers who were sent to St. Pedro, without tools to work
with, when
Mr. BEAUMONT said, that in point of form Mr. Cottrell should
confine himself to his own matters of complaint, and which it was
expected he would prove by documents,.
Sir. COTTRELL had understood Mr. Beaumont had said he
could eery well stand a law-suit. This he was himself incapable
of doing: hut lie thought that a body of men who had received his
money, under the pretext of putting him into possession of pro-
perty which was not theirs, ought to have turned round and said,
"We will niake you compensation." He could not reasonably
expect the whole of his losses. lie then adverted to a letter in the
Nee, Timex, of April Itl, 1826, from Buenos Ayres, in which it
was stated that the blockade had thrown the people into a state of
the greatest commercial distress, and that all the schemes in which
British capital had been employed for the improvement of that
coulitry had failed in their object, through the duplicity and in.
trigue of a directing faction there, who did things without a sense of
shame.
The COAT n max—What things?
Mr. Co TT It EL L—W liy, forming delusive schemes.
The CII AIR ales—But that does not allude to our Association,
Mr. Cottrell.
Mr. COTTRELL-1 should think it did. I believe you have
seen the letter before—pet haps the original, Sir.
The CilAl MAN-1 cannot see that it bears upon the question.
Mr. Cottrell (continued the Chairmen) had gone before the Lord
Mayor, and made a statement, declaring that we had not an inch
of land, nor a single head of cattle, and that lie could prove all this.
lie had said the same thing to-day, but he had not brought forth the
least proof. lie was occupying the attention of the meeting with
matters of mere fiction ; and, said alr.R. I um prepared to say. that
all 'tie statements made by this man are very gross calumnies; and
unless you, Mr. Cottrell, can prove these things to be true, I must
say you are se gross calumniator.
31r. COTTRELL—What proof do you want more than your own
admission that you have no land ?
The CHAIRMAN—See, Gentlemen, the situation in which I am
placed with this man. Wehave all the title-deeds in our possession.
Our surveyors, who are receiving MIL a-year each, and our Agent
500/. a-year salary, they send us reports, telling us that we have the
land—but this man says we have not. l'here were some few things
so very calumnious in the statement lie had mule before the Lord
31 yo:, that it was necessary to notice them.
The CHAIRMAN then asked a Mr. Fuller whether he had not
made inquiry at a coffee-shop which Mr. Cottrell had given as his
address for that individual, for the purpose of serving hint with a
legal process, and that he was not to be found there ?
111,. Fe eer.a replied in the affirmative.
Sir. COTTUEL L—Having paid you my money, and you not
having fulfilled your contract with tile, I shall certainly take mea-
nt:is to obtain a recompettee.
Mr. BEAUMONT—That will be the proper course, if those mea-
sures ate just ones.
31. F. SIenECo, a Director, said, as Mt. Cottrell had stated that
the Directors of the Association hail no land to which they could
send the settlers, and that lie had prof of that f ice perhaps he
would favour the Directors with the documents on which this state-
ment was founded, to enable the Proprietors to see whether he was
right, and that, unless he could prove it. the Directors had a right
to say that he had made the statement without any ground what-
ever, and that it was not true.
Sir J. E. Fleur ewe ou-- It is perfectly false.
31. F. Metteeo—We have a dive to perform to the Pro-
prietors at large, and I should be very sorry to throw the stigma
of a delusive scheme listing been imposed upon them by any in-
divicluel, unless full proof is affiwiled of it.
Mr. COTTRELL was ready to lay before a regular meeting of
Proprietors; proofs of the facts he had alleged ; but the letter ad-
dressed to him merely required his attendance. It did not ask for
documents. The thing was a delusion, and ought not to go on.
Sir J. MARTI.: 11, TON—If it is not an heelevant question, may I
risk you, Mr. Cottrell, are you not an officer in the service of the
Buena Ayres Government ?
Mr. Cove itate.-1 don't know what that can have to do with
the present question.
The CHAIRMAN—What objection have you to answer the

qumition ?
Mr. Corn' a/mi.—Well, then, I say I am not. I have written
over to that etlict. I would Lqt belong to any tiovemment where
there were any agent* of Mr. ite:111111011t.
Sir .1. Ilan tn tirox—Vou have written over, you say, to that
efreeL To what tact ?
Mr. COTTRELL—To resign.
Sir J. HARINGTON—Then you were in the aerrice—at what
Arne ?
Mr. Co". vet rit—ln March, 1828.
Sir J. lIARINUTON—And you say yon have resigned that
service ?
Mr. COTTRELL-A. hare.
Sir J. HARINGTON-111 that assertion equally true with all the
others you have matte ?
Mr. CoTTISEI.t. made no answer.
The CHAIRMAN—Have you any RIM observations to make ?
31r. Cove' agm.—tio, Sir.
The CHAIRMAN—Very well, Sir; then I will proceed to answer
some of them ; and 1 will begM with the Mansion-house first. Mr.
Beaumont then noticed the various facts made by Mr. Cottrell be-
fore the Lord Mayor, and refuted them as he proctedsd. The tint

thing he contradicted was the assertion that the Directors and Testla
tees had made • great deal of money by the undertaking. ss pions
really," said Mr. Beaumont, 6' I should be very glad if you could
make good your word.. But the fart is, that the Simi cheldera have
not up to this day received
Mr. Core a e es—l don't think the Shareholders hero rettved
sienence.
The Co Al R MAN--WhO then ?
Mr. Coe r n F. t. I.—W by, the Trustees.
Tue lei AIR SIAN—VOII are a tine fellow, truly; you ere a peens
fellow fur a Beetles Ayrien officer, She Mr. Beaumont then al-
luSeil to toot pert of Me Coltrell's statement of the tiers which
took place at fhe County Fire-office, on August 41, 1825, where he
wait represented le have addressed Mr. Cottrell end the other per-
sons present " Fellow-countrymen." Now there were many
gentlemen preset at the Meeting this any who were also present on
that occasion, and they all knew that he did not use any 'anginas
of rhetoric. On the contta,•y, he persuaded some of the persons
who applied to him not to go ti the settlement, because he thougbt
Gentlemen of rihtation and of superior habits were not the proper
persona yet to enter upon the undertaking. Col. ht n', whom he
now saw in the room, had a rel *dye who was desirous el ping out,
but he (31r. Beaumont) perste-idal him not to do so. As to rhe-
toric, it was nut his habit to use it r he was a
.plain matter-et-fact
man, and etideavoured tom/Ike his statement gnaliigible to those
who heard him. This watt the utmost he aimed at: therefore to
say that he began with "My fellow-countrymen" Was stating what
was oat correct.
Colonel NUGENT Mt it incumbent on hint, as the representative
of on? of the SharehOldere, to sate some circumstancts which bad
come to his knowledge respecting this Association. He had a near
relative who was without provision in this country, his father
having left him bUt little property. lie had recently married, ant:
such war hie ((colonel Isingent'%) opinion of the probability of hia
doing well in Buenos Ayres, that he immedietely applied to Mr.
!Whew Beaumont, to know hie sentiments on the eutspiet. net
gentleman very candidly told hint that he theoght there was every
chimer of nueves fur his (Colonel NtigeniSt) nephew ; but until the
matter was endue adyenced, and some kind of regularity was es-
stablethed at Buenas Apra respecting the interraed eettlement, lie
recommended that the young man should too embark upon that
speculation. This he (Colonel Nugent) took in kind par, and fur
that time gave tip the idea of his relation goino to that country.
Ile thought it also necessary to state that it was now nearly twenty
yeses since he had had the honour of knowing Mr. Barber Beau-
moot. During that time that gentlemen had planned the founda-
tion and had projected two of the most flourishing and berteticid
Institutions that ever took place in the British empire; and he
(Colo- el Nugent). firmly believed that gentleman to be utterly in-
capable of bringing forward any plan with the intention of injuring
any, human being.
file f MAINMAST said that another assertion Which .Me. Cottrell
had matte was, that those persons who had gone out, and were
without the means of subsistence. had been handed over as redentp-
tionistie and that they were placed in servitude fur years.
Mr. COTTRELL—It is the fact.
The Citet•mew—None of the people had been disposed of in
that way as redemptionists ; on the contrary, orders bad been Seto
out, and he had no reason to believe they were disregarded, not-
withstanding what 3lr: Cottrell lead said, that, it from any ,
stance, whether from obetinaci or a eteire to go. to Buenos Ayres.
the people shorf!d be unwilling to work at the settlement, the agitate
should give way, and let them settle there, upon their simply 11.
dertaking to pay the expenses of the passage. lint Mr. Cottrell
had said that they were sold as slaves, and had been bound dams
fur years.
A Ditterron—What was the Lord Mayait'a decision ?
The Cum it MAN—Oh, the Lord Mayor could not consider the "
undertaking to have been done with shy bail intention, and his
Lordship dismissed the complaint. Then Mr. Cottrell had said
that his properly had been seized by Mr. B. Ileaumont's ordets.
It was very easy for him to say a thing of that kind. But he (31r.
Beaumont ) knew nothing of Mr. Cottrell, and he had certainly
not sent out any directions for its property to be seised. Mr. Cot-
trell had stated that every man's arm teas raised egeinet him. Now
it really appeared to him (31r. Beaumont) that his arm was raised
against every man ; and if he went on at Buenos Ayres as he had
gone on here, it was only to him (Mr. B.) • wonder that he had
toy head upon his shoulders. Bat with respect to the charge of
sellingglie settlers, he would undertake to say it never hail been done.
Sir Geoithr. Duceiere—Why, there was an English Consal
there, and he would not have suffered it to berlone.
The Crest it MAN. —lt was contrary to the law, and he was per-
suaaet! dist there was nothing more remote from the fact. As to
the assertion that Mr. Tnompson was at Buenos Ayres at the time
the letter was written by him, dated Callan, he thought they were
bound rather to believe their own agent, who was a highly rupee-
table men, than 3lr. Cotrell. 'flieu Mr. Cottrell had asked why
not have conveyed us to the settlement? The reason was obvious.
The blockade had been declared but a few days before, and the
river wen scoured by the enemy at that time, en that none of the
ship* would venture out. Sueh.wee th t intelligence he had received
front various quarters, which they were hound to believe before Mr.
Cottrell's dictum. The next question of Mr. Cottrell's was. whet
had Mr. Beaumont done with the money received? Ile could tell
that gentlemen, teat unfortunately the Directors bed not received
a shilling from the Buenos Ayres Government, nor did they expect
to receive any.
Sir J. lIARINGTON—What proof has Mt. Cot:rell that Mr.
Beaumont has received it?
Mr. Cotter axe e—l don't attempt to bring the proof that he has
got it ; but I say that his vents have received it.
Sir. J. AIIINOTOW—What proof' have you of that ?
Mr. COTT n e:LL—I have been present at the tuning over two
or three individuals by your agents. I beg to correct part of the
statement made by Mr. Beaumont, as to what I had said. I did
not say that persons had been sent btu" slavery for years. What I
said was. that a man who had a wife and family must expect to
Is a slave for years, instead of being a farmer, as held out to him
by the prospectus.
The Cu AIR MAN—Then as to the observation of Mr. Cottrell,
that this Association was got up at a dinner party, when Mr. Castro
and others were present,. all he (Mr. B.) could say was, that
he had never had the pleasure of dining with those gentlemen.
Sir J. HARINGT ON—lt is really too much to answer the charges
of such a person. It is quite absurd, and a complete route of
time.
The Chi Al RMAX—Why, I think it is.
Mr. COTTRELL— The greatest absurdity is my paring with my
money in such a way.
The CHAIRMAN said he would just tell the Sheeting how it was
that Mr. Courtli became the opponent of the Directors. He ape
plied to be sent nut to Buenos Ayres, and after he was out, lie
wrote to Mr. Peake, declaring that he was very well satisfied with
the country. Another letter was bought by his wife, in which
Mr. Cottrell stated that he wished to have his wife go out to him,
but that he could not pay her passage ; but the Association de-
, clines sending her net. 3!r. Cottrell there crime back to chats
' country, and called at the County Fire Office with a pretty smirk
upon his countenance, and stated that he had become an officer in
the Buenos Ayres Army, not being able to work at his trade of
carpenter (tor which object he had originally gone out), having
irjured his arm ; that he was on furlough and half pay ; that be '
wished his wife to go over with him, and not thinking it prudent
' for a female CO go the voyage alone, he had come over for her
Thus be wait or., without making any complaint against the Dim-.
ton, though he gave a dreadful character of those at Buenos
Apes, and the glace of settlement ; and, by his account, there
was not an honest man or Woman in the country. His object, he •
said, was to go back by the next packet with his wife. Subse-
quehtly to this he called, and said, that as he had paid WM on his
share, and as he did not mean to go back to the settlement, lie
I should be very much obliged to have back a pardon able money.
Upon inquiry it was found that be was only entitled to one-half
share ; he was therefore paid 45e as his moiety ; this he received
and went swoy. It was true he had just before talked about his
lotees in speculation at hrick-masking. But he (Mr. Beaumont) •
distinctly told him not to trouble hint about losses ; he was to un-
derstand that the 451. was returned expressly upon account of his
not going to the settlement, and not by way of compensation fsr
losses, the Directors having sustained losses enough themselves.
He (Mr. Beaumont) soon after went into the country, and on his
return to town he was surprised to find that Mr. Cottrell was not
gone off with the packet ; inatend of which he remained in town,
and made the representation before the Lord Mayor, which he had
again repeated to-day. It wan for the ptoprietors to consider whe-
ther the Directors had done right in resisting his demand, or whe-
ther they ought to have complied with it for the purpose of buying
off his hostility. The letter he had received from Mr. King re-
minded him of the many threatening letters he received in the
case of Thurtell's business, and it was not very likely he stwald
yield to Mr. Cottrell whilst lie held out against Thurtell and his
gang, and brcugbt them to justice. Perhaps he should bring Mr.
Cottrell to a sense of propriety and justice before he had dote
with him.
Mr. COTTRELL—And I hope that you will bring my money
back.
Ms. NORTI11101:SE, of the Glair-J.:: Free Press, said he had
had the honour of meeting Mr. Beaumont in Glasgow three or four
years ago, when that Gentleman told hint of this plan, not as a
jointsstock speculation, but one of a peculiar kind, and which, front
the several Wet lie brought forward, convinced hint (Mr. North-
house) that it was a scheme likely to be productive of good, not
only to the poor, but to capitalists. He had been the occasion of
many persons coming forward to support the Association, and he
knew that every attention wee paid to the comforts of those PetiNtEs
whom the Association had sent out. He bore this willing teetimeny
as a stranger to the undertaking, which lie was convinced was net
only of a tiontefitie nature in the first iustance, but in its am tinuence
had been such. One reason, perhaps, of the falling off of this un-
dertaking, was the want of confidence felt by the public in general
in such speculations, and of its having been formed in had com-
pany. 'faking away that circumstance, he certainly thought that
no serious charge could be brought against it. As poor Burns had
said—
" The best led s•Thetnee of mice and men
Aft conic to nought."
So was it with this Association. The real cause of the went of
success was, however, to be found on the other side of the water.
They must, indeed, be either fools or fanatics who imagined that e
mere change in Government could change the habits and manners
of a nation ; anti although the Government had undergone a revoe
lution, it could not be expected that the public had uudergone e
similar revolution in their manners ; there was still much of the
Spaniard in the Buenos Ayreana He trusted these observations
would be received in the same spirit of honesty in which they were
nteant ; and although his own family would be great suffers by
its failure, yet he could not retrain declaring his belief io the
honesty, good faith, and original pureness of the undertaking.
The mutton was then put that the teapot he received, whir& mar
unanimously agreed to.
