READING SAUCE.

jrCOCKS. the lisrelitor and Proprietor of
• the CELEBRATED READING SAUCE, omit re.
epeelfully eaatiuw the Nubility, Families, and the Public,
spawn the Jody frauds and neptunium. practised by loamy
Loodoo rose Cottony Oiliness and Fisb Sauce Venders, to
deceive and deprive therm of the Gamine Readily' Sauce.
Nome are gelignite but those which have the Corks seated
with She hovers • "J. Cock., Reading," and also the fol-
lowing deseriptium of the Sauce, tim an orange.coloured
label: " licadime Sauce, for Fi.b, euricbimg Gravies, &c.
prepared and sold, wholesale sod retail, by J. Cocks
Reasliae."

This Sauce is generally used st table with all soden( Fish,
in preference to all wiser Fish Sauces, and is esteemed pree-
liitly delicious with Game, Wild Fowl, Hashes, Steaks, and
Cold Meal; warranted to keep good green years in any cli-
mate. It is presumed that au Sauce ever met with suck ge-
neral approbation and extensive sale; It is patronised and
recommended by most of the first families is the kingdom.
Is Is retailed io London by 21i0 of the must respectable Oil.
men and Fisk Sauce Venders; in Rath by 30; Bristol 10;
Edinburgh and Glasgow 50; and by all the principal Fish
Saner Marrs in the United Kiugdor•, must of whom sell
COCKS'S GENUINE ESSENCE OF ANCHOVIES, made
with prigs, Gorginia Fish, rich as missiblir. Tht t►ial of •
bottle will clinic it the preference.

This day is published, dedicated, by permission, to the
Lord itishop of Chester, hardsootely priukd Wa two yule.
Syn. prier :10s. boards,
fiIIASSIFS JEttIJSALEM DELIVERED:
so Heroic Prim; wilb Igtoles, wool oweasiousl 111.
Stations.

Translated by the Fteverend .1. H. HLtliT, A.M,
late Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.
lanoluti : Priorrrl for .1. 31Awesas, 39, Ludgate-stmt.
" Me. Hanes bold owner., as "'Translator atria appreseh
bean, to the crawls:air and spirit of she original, than say
trauslstisiii of the sautleesi Classics that we passive—
(Numbly Key. elepteasher, 11819.)--u It is valuable for its
ample fidelity, foe its harmed comparison of passages in
ep)c *rile/sowed for the isfurinatiuss cootaiued is the Notes."
—lbid, Join, 1111$1.
" Tice Tirsaislatur has topmost/it the Author's 011/0101.1
in his own style, and reflected the Neuss of lbe original in
their own colours; and the result is, that he has coached
his assist language with a work which has lung brew greatly
wasted, awl than which Koos see few existing which will
more delight the poetical Rader."—fire Gentleness's 31agise
mine, ins*, Intik.
It ratirely sopenedmi every tramdati.* of the /mom.
lea Deliversd which has hitherto been peesented Ia the
Paiblie, and ors do out hesitate to doelare, that, is oar opt-
alas, she Two of Mr. Hoot reed nut fear o cansporbmis
Wall& the liarkaret Pione."llfritiale Mae. Mt

1••••••• MIN

FOICEIUN INTELLIGEACE.
PARIS PARINI

, PARK. I,lollii AST If.
Lieutenont•Generel silly nue am at lihrriy yes.
terday. Hie hfileorr bovine teased to lllkpacerosio
oolicitasiou of lire Royal Risher* the Ileke of
illmpialeme. hoe declined by ea ordineace that doe
facia imposed to the Gaseral are coolloriped is the
anissecv of Jemmy, 1.4116, aid that all pimecotion
alcialethe &scowling*.
It has been auninecieed that tboilicor leo of else.
item will be definitn4p prearamot ca Brinder neat.
We have. however, Wei amend by geed medoe.
Lily NM the principal boom of the project hem
coot M yet bee% determined by the Castled.--

letter on the Mils of January to the It'embers of
the Cheater of. Corunterce at &yams:, is which
he announces to them that tllajuarasstioe of ob.
servation which hod been nuion the harbour
of Cadiz, had terminated ou the 15th of the month,
and that the commercial relations of that tows.
with fureito couutnes were resumed.

Os The Liie►ols of Boordaioi •pretend to have re-
ceived letters front Madrid of the Slit January.
which speak of the entrance of the insurgents into
Cadix on the it6th, but the ill success of the attack
of the St34l proves that they bad iso amass of tak-
ing that town.
We are assured that a Deputy from the South-
west !Art of Hayti, charged with propasittous at
the part of Buyer. has arrived is Paris.
INSURRECTION IN SPAIN.

L'lndieldest„• Bosardrouit Journal, has published
she following Proclamation by Quirnico, Chief of
the Spanish lusurgesits. addressed to the troops iu
Audal a•ia

" Soldiers! Placed at your head by the choice of
the officers of the army, I shill speak to.you with
that frankness which ought to exist between coo-
passions in anns.
" Our Spain I. on the worried gestruction, your:,
ruin would be completed by that the country;
you were destined to deatb, more the purpose ofi
04 releasing the government tho tined inspired
'Sy your courage, than to a conquest Of the
Colossies---a tiling vrbidi ' l2vcerlse jlll4swindl•ms.
In the mean time, -yaw Iliiittlirsitiobrd remain ini
the most merciless slavery, ender a tyrannical and!,
arbitrary Government, which disposes at will.of the)
properties. the existence, •and the liberties of the,
unhappy Spaniards.
" Soldiers, this Government was about to destroy
the station, and ends by destroying itself. It was
unit possible any longer to endure its sway. On
the one hand, viuleace and weakness, end on the
other, only indignation and contempt were pro-
salted. whilst, to resider the nation happy, the
Government ought to inspire confidence, love, and
reeves&
" Soldiers, let us employ for our welfare and
that of our countrymen the arms which have se-
cured the independence of the nstiou against
the power of Bonaparte ; the enterprim is
easy awl glorious. Does there exist a Spanish
soldier who will oppose our views.?—No! In the
very ranks of those whom the Government may iss-
@entitle you will find brothers who will join us ;
and if some base-born miscreants should dare to
turn their anus against you, let them perish ss the
satellites of tyranny should do, unworthy the name
of Spaniards !
_ . ..

" Soldiers, I depend upon you; you are the'
worthy children of the canopy; justify yourselves
as such. Union and discipline—this is what 1 re-
commend to you. I shall have the ,sotilifactiou of
recompensing those who may distinguish them-
selves; but if any one forget his duty. I shall prove
that authority hos not been cooliclerl to the in
and that the energy of u Govenallald which seek.
good, is always superior to that of despots.
" Soldiers, victory awaits our *ewers. and in her
train the glory and rewards' whir& the colon/try will'
lavishly bestow.
( Signed) " Aireolllo QtalitoGA,
The General-is-Chief 'dilate Notional Army.
" Hemlioarters et tits Fessiaado, Jai. b, IMP."
(Quirugs has addressed as tailor Proclamation' to
the umirine forces.)


HAM lIVIIGH
•' • •
O• the 233 lestaat din/ Priem Cl=i=ell Goo.
lash, is the 35th year of bia ev, Air irdail ilium of
awry pare.
. UOM Tits ',scams.
A. approaching saarriage is spoke's of betweets the Kiwi
of ‘l'lrteattlent sod tome of the Preesereurs, batiste of the
late Doke Leiria of Wirtembert
stArerretuire• as muses, ahatti.taT t 4.

There is no more 'boogie. of tailing souther she wield'
Slates of the Electorate—that i., the Knight*, Prelates, Cl-
- mot Peasants, or of she establishment of a canstito-
snot for the likrtireate, Hut Royal Highness She Elector is
✓aid to have declared on several OCCOSIODIN, shat every tido*,
Nod espeeially the bosoms, were in the lest wise, soil there-
fore it was sawasAinaey lY asseinlik the Mutes to teapots new
taxes.
• corsmusaw. &AWVAIIIr 29.
(the room of enchant* is ~Weal, rims". Tharsilty
asol yesterday the Representatives al She Natioamil Rauh
were asseinbleti, ia snips, as it ii atilt, to deliberate on the
Royal proposition, namely, is withemer Rona eirewlation
lam air fa Wish welter 40 911411 e P•7,11.10,1Ps "41

, Nesse sod Or improve N. oil OM Mop olvellbi M-
oskva so imbibe. be o llberemmslettol mos p 45 1100108
boots to be Mewed re 20 yobs.
campeitellt4, 11411111•11111111
ferisissloo bee Wm emu to e bio wile. Is
seek bevy for tbe proms s.HI • Mu ihMestieel
Ile Airlift of Ibis sea is Me . • Clips flop wit lead
'bowlers sot to low Ste eity. sod ebeligo 4osit MI seals-
seers or mehe r. 5...
•
141111141C4 MAIL.
Erman. 'sea( • Berea ram alma BLANCO.
aacturasa I.
" As Estroordispet Coveter is jest arrived,
brief/jag itstelligesce aR Ake& bait/ seersowded
by the Patriots it Sou Vsabes. sett Ai* Belitst
vas brsiq/ing Cartilage's. Bo& has beep mite.
stale)is hie esuiessed by Use Congress sf Tows.
zrels.
" &upstate imen.ueemee...ll/ gala w-
eaved Nam lialantsais, is sepses, that its swish.
brissliosti, es well a. the mar. of Florida end
Mezics, haws been ',Wird with treareseless plea.
seal the want weather esperiesced that ever hod
been ramenebered. Vessels ate beady reassiug io-
ta
Havasisah ist disteen."

EXTRACT FRO* A SATTER TARR ET. THOSIAeII,
',scum& 16.

" Accounts have reached this place to-day from
Angostura. stating, that General Froablette had
arrived there fruto the Andepeudent army. ■ttd
that he had brought to Montreal 3.000 infant►y.
who had bee. joined by Geueral Par: wish 4.000
cavalry. lie left General Bolivar is Santa Fe
with G.OOO men, who wet to fallow bias in .• few
days; in the mean time all his troops its Merge-
ritta and Mittens' were to proceed to Montreal.
Gen. Arismendi hail left Angolan fur Maturin
to dispatch the troops from thersee: sod if these
of General Drveresta's legless had trot armed from
Margarine. be iutessdad to proceed to that Weed.
to bode.. them, where the whale will be cancels-
trated. They will aaie.rat. it is said. to 16.000
men.

" A report was in eirewlatiats ow Tinsley. that
Sir Gregor IrPGregar bad lately keen killed at
Ana Cayes. by some of the perilous who had been
deluded iota his service."

tiT. SAGO DI LA VISA, JANUARY I.
EXTRACT 11011 A LSTTIR Pitolt sT. THoNAes,
DATED DECREIDER IS.
( From the Corm* del Orinoco. November 1.)
" I have the satisfaction to inform cos that
Cocoas was takes by the divi.ion of Ssoblette oa
the 23d October, whew Gianni De la Torre was
completely detested, leaving every thing belied
him. The day axed upon for the concentration of
all the armies was the 6th of this womb; they
'mold touch is nee graisd army, amoontiog to
upwards of 12.000 sm. sport Caracole, and the
wiltLiopitioua of Aile Fills. aquavit to the ewe" or
mlllirl-eontbined forces do' not exceed 6.000 amen.
lied *164'0 them will desert the bantieri of Verdi-
..artad 50 moo as the Patriots will give them kettle.
. The nasiben of the :mud armies ere as follow
The Imo of Gerrerol liutivor ISIS
The only et General Pass (Cavalry) IOW •
Ditto General Marino, whir% has marched

rms. Maoris

no*,
Besides the division of General Lanza and Cedeno,
and the Englibb fumes at IMergaritta of 14.000 ex-
cellent, soldiers. The haad-qoartera of Murillo
were at Veneerer."

(From the Royal JUNltlitill Gazette of January 49.)
We learn by the .Thesp, that accounts had reach-
ed Carthage's* of Gyn. BOLIVAR having arrived at
Pompeian's from Santo Fe. It is said he took away
nearly to the valise of five millions of dollars, of
both public awl private properly, 'satin lathing
that came in his way. Previous to the Wasp leav-
ing Rio Charles. 'accounts had beta received that
five hundred freebooters, supposed to belong.
to Avast's desperadoes, had landed and taken poo.
Grano. of• Chaps., a small town, 14 leagues from
Pan/11111. General Hens had dispatched 300 re.
galore and 300 militia to encounter them.. •
Accounts by the Manion state, thatlduriag her
stay at Curacua, the Governor of the Caraceita, Ge.
nerd Palms, had lauded the►e in an open-boat
from La Grim, accorsipissied by as Aide.vle.Cansp
and fourteen of hos followers, with about 100.001.1
duller. in specie; it is supposed his object was to
proceed to Pero. The iutelligeoce from the South
Sea mentioned the raising of she blockade of the
co.,at by Lord Cocitaaos. whn had retired front
Lima to Valpanneo. Item added, that his squadron
had been augassieted to le soil of differest descrip-
tions.

(Gazette de Feaseeq•
1.4 Reatatuzeze. to whoa the repeat of Swope so
a species er tioniteutiaa elot 4ibdeiat heads
hove bathes oat et•Teeior WaWaseillwiefantry re-
giment of *vat aid 'doe 1.; - the gaged.
TM, Wen reeeintA so& pp
tattationEm thio
Aa il* ,• Spaistiom
bee* Some. . rro bodies
here bees meo6.elarre, Pad . peso &mud on
there from eh
mew of vorri hot
learall:d. Some melte of eel auto here ,
also floated ishore.
• The Comml of France at Cal% adelreorell a
