IMPORTATION FROM PARIS.

TR. PHILLIPS has the honour to inform the Nobi-
-171 lity and Gentry that he is authorized to SUBMIT by
PUBLIC AUCTION, (Peremptorily) THIS DAY, at One
o'clock, at his Great Rooms, No. 73, New Bond-street,
A SELECT and ELEGANT CONSIGNMENT of PA-
RISIAN FURNITURE, of the most recent and fashionable de-
signs; comprising &splendid bedstead, with enrichments, dojetinit,
tea, saloon, and work tables, jardinieres and fauteuils, about 20
lots of beautiful bronzes, in clocks, candlesticks, and ornamental
objects, coloured crystals, richly mounted, (cram.. &c.
Also, an ASSORTMENT of HALL and FANCY DRESSES,
in tulle, muslin, &c. ; embrotiered collars and habit-shirts, bunches
of artificial pearls, several cartons of flowers, a selection of gilt
hijoutry, and a variety of other items of Parisian taste and no-
velty, the whole of which have been cleared from the Custom
House witnin the last month. Also three cases of excellent
Champagne.
Slay be viewed this day, and catalogues had at Mr. Phillips's,
No. 73, New Bond street.

HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE,
Noble Plates of Glass, fine Porcelain, Pianoforte by.Ssularr, large
Turkey and Brussels Carpets, Sedan Chair, and Effects.
By Mr. JAMES DENE‘V,
At his Auction Room, Charles-street, Berkeley-square,
TO-31ORROW. and following day, at 12,
THE very excellent lIOUSEHOLD FURNITURE,
Pier and Chimney Glasses of large dimensions, capital
Clocks, Girandoles, and Ornaments; square Pianoforte. by Sin-
dart; a Harpsichord in a valuable japanned cue, tine old China,
Pictures, Sedan Chair, and various Effects, removed from a Gen-
tleman's Residence in Hill-street; compri,ing a large set of pillar
and claw dining-tables, sideboard and pedestals, twenty-four par-
lour chairs, covered in morocco; Turkey carpet, 21 feet by Id;
scarlet morcen curtains; suit of chintz cotton ditto, with chairs and
sofas ; 100, card, pembroke, writing, and library tablet ;
screens, console*, cheffoniers, and commodes ; large Brussels
carpets in good preservation; excellent four-post and servants'
bedsteads and bedding, chests of drawers, and other chamber ap-
pendages, kitchen requisites, &c.
To be viewed to-morrow and morning of sale, when Catalogues
may be had, at the Auction Room in Charles-street.

MANCHESTER-SQUARE.
AN ASSORTMENT of the very best manufactured
FURNITURE, belonging to a Gentleman, who may be
referred to, who is leaving England, a public Auction being pro-
hibited under the Lease. The whole has been valued, and a Re-
duction of Thirty per Cent. taken from the cost Prices, every ar-
tide being numbered, and a Book with the lowest price affixed
against each, so that Purchasers can take the whole, or a single
I.ol—The Furniture comprise., large glasses. 70 by 37; solid rose.
wood chairs and couches, covered en suite with the drawing.room
curtains; Morocco and horse-hair parlour chairs ; Spanish patent
dining tables and sideboard ; three pair of rosewood and tetra
cabinets, of superior design ; moreen damask parlour curtains ;
beautiful mahogany bedsteads and capital clean bedding ; winged
and plain wardrobes and drawers ; Turkey carpets; rosewood card,
occasional, and 100 tables ; and, in fact, so useful and ornamental a '
selection of capital Furniture has seldom been submitted to public
view ; this method being presumed the mast respectable as well as
the most advantageous, from the saving alone of Auction duty, and
the necessary expense attending the same.
The House, being situated No. 41, 3lanchester-atreet, will be
open for inspection this day„ Tuesday, May 17, and four suceecdiag
days, at ten o'clock precisely.

HOUSE OF LORDS. MONDAY, JIAY 16.
EQUITABLE LOAN BILL.
The Earl of MALAIESBURY presented a petition from Brad.
ford, in favour of the Equitable Loan Bill. The Noble Lord
stated that the petition was not only signed by the hlcrehants
and Manufacturers or the town. but by the Clergyman and the
Churchwardens —baid on the table.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE presented a petition against the
Equitable Loan Bill from Stoekpott ; and another to the same ef-
fect from the Chamber of Trade and Commerce in the town of
Manchester.—Laid on the table.
Earl FORTESCUE presented a petition to the same effect from
Bermondaey.—Laid on the table.
The Marquis of DOWNSH IRE presented a similar petition
the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers of the city of
- tid on the table.
CATHOLIC CLAIMS.

Lord KENYON presented a petition against the Claims of the
Catholics, from a parish in the county of Salop.
The LORD CHANCELLOR presented petitions of a similar
nature from the Borough of Malden, from Gloucester, from Eding.
ton, and from four parishes in the county of Sussex.
The Earl of EGREMONT presented a petition to the same
effect from the Inhabitants of Brighton, to which, the Noble Lord
observed, iOO signatures had been affixed in three hours.
Similar petitions we presented by Lord ARUEN from Peter-
borough.
Be the Duke of BEAUFORT, from the Mayor, Aldermen.
and Common Council of the city of Bristol ; from the parishes of
St. Phillips. St. James. and St. Stephens, in the same city.
The Earl of DERBY presented a petition in favour of the
claims of the Catholics, from the town and neighbourhood of Man.
cheater. The Noble Earl said that the petition contained the sig.
natures of 16.373 persons; and that people of all persuasions had
united in forwarding their sentiments to their Lordships. lie be-
lieved the sentiments it expressed were those of the majority of the
people in that populous neighbourhood. The petition had been
agreed to at a public meeting, where, after five hours discussion,
the question was carried by a majority of three to one.—The pe:i-
tie.• was then read.

The Bishop of CIIESTEI: said that he felt it necessary to make
a few observations relative to the petition that had been just read;
but before he stated some facts respeciing it, he would observe that
a petition against the claims of the Catholics would be soon pre-
sented to their Lordships from the same place, and that such peti-
tion contained 40.000 signatures. It was trite that the petition
presented by the Noble Lord (Derby) was agreed to at a public
meeting. But he (the Bishop of Chester) felt it necessary to state
some circumstances that had occurred at such public meeting.
The room in which the meeting took place was filled at an early
hour by an equal proportion of concessionists and non-concession-
ists, but soon afterwards, a question of adjournment was put and
carried, in consequence of which a great number of the most re-
spectable persons took their hats and left the room • but the subject
was subsequently proceeded with• and it was decided by a majority
of the meeting that the petition should be presented. Immediately
on those persons quitting the room their places were filled by a
number of the lowest persons; and he had reason to believe that of
the 16,000 persons who signed the petition ten or twelve thousand
were Irish labourers. With respect to the petition that would
shortly be resented from Manchester. although it was not consi-
dered necessary to call a public meeting to forward it, it was left
for signature in the moat public places. bu: a number of Irish la-
bourers forced themselves into a room in which it lay, and scrawled
it so as to efface many of the names. Bernal of those persons had
also signed it with a X, in order to prejudice their Lordships
against it. This was however discovered in time, but the ronse-
quence was, that the petition would be presented as the petition of
38.000 instead of 40,000. Their Lordships then would base no
difficulty in deciding which of the two petitions was most worthy
their attention. Ile found, on examining the petition presented by
the Noble Earl, that immediately after the name of the borough-
'reeve were the names of many Irishmen, such as " Michael
Sweeny," " Timothy O'Callaghan," &c. This, however, was
not important, and he merely stated it to prove the coivectness of
his nb tion that the petition was signed by many Irish.
The Earl of DERBY said that as the Right Rev. Prelate had
stated that the names of several Irishmen came immediately after
that of the boroughreeve, he begged leave to inform the Right Rev.
Prelate that the second name of the petition was that of " Burney,"
a gentleman who was an officer in the volunteer corps. Ile re-
peated that the petition contained many most respectable names,
and he believed the sentiments contained in it were those of the ma-
jority o • the people in Manchester. He hoped the measure they ad-
vocated would pass the House, as he conceived it not only necessary
to the tranquillity of Ireland, but equally a matter of right and of
ljustice.
The Earl of LIMERICK complained of the manner in which
the Right Rev. Prelate had alluded to the" lowest order of Irish,"
who surely had a right to express opinions on a subject in which
their dearest interests were concerned.
The Bishop of CHESTER explained that nothing was farther
from his feelings than to 'cast any stigma on any body of men.
When he used the words " lowest class," he did so merely with re-
ference to their worldly condition.
Lord CLIFDEN said that the observation only proved it to be
true, that the Irish, from the highest to the lowest, felt strongly on
this important subject.
The Earl of DERBY presented a petition in favour of the
claims of the Catholics, from the Unitarians of Liverpool and its
vicinity.—The petition was read.
The Earl of DA ItNLEY presented a petition to the same effect,
front Rochester and its vicinity, in the county of Kent. The Noble
Earl observed that a petition of an opposite nature had recently
been presented by a Right Rev. Prelate, which was gut up by
means of placards. hand-bills, and cries of " No Popery."
The Earl of ABINGDON presented a petition from Abingdon,
against the claims of the Catholics. The Noble Earl observed that
he had used no influence whatever to procure this petition. Ile
fully and conscientiously agreed in the sentiments it expressed.
Lord DYNEVOR presented a petition to the same effect, from
the county of Carmarthen, and others from several parishes in the
sanie county.
The Bishop of LINCOLN presented ten petitions from as many
parishes in the Diocese of Lincoln. The Right Rev. Prelate ob-
served, that as a Noble Lord opposite (Lord King) had said that
but few petitions had been presented from large Dioceses, he
would entreat him to recollect that the Diocese of 'Ahearn was one
of the largest, if not the largest. in England. He had never used
any kind of influence to procure petitions, because he did not think
it would be just in any one who had to decide upon a question to
seek for petitions on the subject.
The Duke of RUTLAND presented petitions to the same effect
from several hundreds in Suffolk ; from Market Harborough, in
the County of Leicester; and from the parish of St. Nicholas, in
the town of Leicester.

The Bighop of BATH and WELLS presented a similar peti-
tion% from the Archdeacon and Clergy of the Archdeaconry of
Wilts, and from Frome in :-Loinersetshire.
The Bishop of LONDON presented similar petitions from the
parishes of St. Swithin's and St. Mary 13otolph, in the City of
London.
Lord HOLLAND presented a petition in favour of the CLims
of the C'atholies, from Leighton Buzzard, in the county of Bedford.
Lord KEN YON presented &petition against the Catholic Claims
from Taunton. Somersershire.

The 3larquis of LANSDOWN wished to know if it were trite
that the officers of the Militia in Taunton had Induced the nut
under their commend to sign this petition ?
Lord KENYON said that he was not aware of any such dream.
stance, but he would make inquiries, and at some future time reply
to the question of the Noble Marquis.
The Bishop of CHESTER presented petitions to the setae effect
from two parishes in the County of Lancaster.
Similar petitions were presented
By the Bishop of PETERBI >ROUGH from the Archdeacon
and Clergy of the Arehtleaconry of Peterborough; and from
Hanby, in Northamptonshire.
By the Bishop of HEREFORD from the Archdeacon and
Clergy of the .Archdeaeonry of Lewes; from New Shoreham. in
the County of Sussex; and another from Hyde, signed by 280
persons.
By the Bishop of ST. DAVID'S from several parishes in the
Diocese of St. David's.
By the Earl of SIIAFTESBURY from the Dissenting Congre.
gation of Gower-street Chapel, City-road ; and another from Hemel
Hempstead. in the County of Hereford.
Lord KIN() presented a petition in favour of the Claims of the
Catholics from the Clergyman and Congregation of Whitrhurch.
Lord UOSFORD presented a petition from certain Roman Ca-
tholics.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN said he had a petition to present,
to which in a few words he would beg to call the attention of their
Lordships. It was from the bankers, merchants, sad traders, of
the City of London, in favour of Catholic Emancipation. It con-
tained only the signature of 2011 persons, but those persons were
possessed of capital to the amount of between 20 and 30 millions.
They stated their opinion that a large portion of the capital of this
'country was prevented from going to Ireland, because of the dila-
bilities under which the Roman Catholics of that country laboured;
and they prayed of the House to release this capital in order that it
might be employed equally to the benefit of Ireland and England.
—The petition was read.
The Marquis of LA NSDOWN then presented petitions to the
same effect from the dissenting congregation of the chapel in Pars.
disc-row. Liverpool, from the Rector of Holliwell, and from the
Roman Catholics of Kenmare.
The Marquis of .LANSDOWN said that he had committed an
error on a former evening, when presenting a petition from the pa-
rish of St. Luke's, by stating that the name of the rector was '
affixed to the petition. It was the curate and not the rector who
had signed it, and the mistake occurred in consequence of that
gentleman having written •` Rectory House" upon his card.
e.
MT he blot ionsen anw edreostehseersl,
bci d
rionfrot hine ttahbel
louse of Commons
brought up the Ireland Impounding Distresses Bill, the Chelsea
Pensioners Regulation Bill, the Warehousing Corn Bill, slid
several private Bills. which were read a lint time.
Mr. hlaling, from the East Country Dock Company, mantel

HOUSE OF COMMONS. Alowpar, MIT 14
Mr. S. NVH ITBREA D brought on the Report of the Hyde-
patk Turnpike Bill, on the motion of Mr. H. Stow to,
and after a few words from M. Hocatra and Mr. Davrwron•t,
was ordered to be re-committed.

THE EDINBURGH AND DALKEITH ROAD BILL.
Sir G. CLERK hrought up the Report of the Edinburgh and
Dalkeith Road DM.

Sir R. FERGUSON said he would not object to the bringieg
up of the Repot,. but would take the sense of the House on the
third reeding of the Bill, which he was satietied the House. when
it was eeplsined to them, would consider a highly objectionable
and injurious Biil.
WEST INDIA COMPANY.
Mr. MANNING moved the third reading of the West India
Cunmane Bill.
Mr. EVA Ne opposed the third reading. on the ground of its
tendency to place the slave population of the West Indies in a worse
conditon than they were at present.
Mr. 'l'. IVILSON denied that such would be the effect of the
Bill. On the contrary, by the increased capital that would he rm.
barked in Wept India property, the condition of the slave would
be improved cnnsidi tab'''. for there would exist greater means e
relieving his wants, preserving hint from starvation, and in every
respect contributing to his comtMe
Dr. LUSH INGTON was opposed in the present Bill from the
way in which it must necessarily operate with respect to the Slave
population of the %Vest Indies. By its operation the plantations
would in a grad degree become rested in this Company. instead at
in the hands of individuals, and it would consequently be produc-
tive of all the evils which were entailed upon the slaves, by haring
the concerns of the West India estates conducted not be propel( tors
themselves, but by agents. This had been always felt to be an
evil of great magnitude, and it was manifest that it must be nue-
tnented to a still greater degree if the present Bill were to pass into
a law. The slaves would be deprived of all the advantage to be
expected trout the superintendence of a merciful and humane mas-
ter. The paving of the present Bill would also be opposed to the a
Resolutions of 11123. There Wet another great evil to be appre-
hended ; the difficulty of manumission would be greatly incensed.
for how could this Company niamenit their slaves in the Rime wile
that individuals do ? Individuals manumit their slaves alert long
service, and scarcely did a planter die, but, from affection or some
motive of mercy, he manumitted many of his slaves; but by the
proposed plan of a Company, they would have the slaves vested as
if in mortmain. As the establishment of this Company was calve-
lard to check manumission, and thereby to continue the present
system of slavery in the West Indies, lie felt it his duty to oppose
the third reading of it.
31r. 111731 E said that one would suppose from the speech of hi.
Hon, and heerned Friend, that the proprietors of the West Ind...
estates resided on their estates. Now it was well known thatit was
no such thing. (Hear, hear.) Ac to manumission he thought the
slaves would have a better chance of being rnarumitted under a
Company than under individuals ; he would, therefore, support
the present Bill.
Ste 1. COFFIN—Sir, I think this a very good Bill, and I hope
it will pass.
Mr. SYKES said there were three peominent objections to the'
Bill ; first, the difficulty of manumission ; secondly, that it would
have the effect of continuing the present system of slavery in the
%Vest Indies, by enlisting forty thousand additional enemies oldie
liberation of the Aileen; and thirdly, that the price of Wen
India produce would be augmented by the mtahli.hinent of this.
Company. There was no measure that called ter closer attention
than the present, and he hoped it would encounter the omitted or-
position
of every friend to the liberation of the slaves.
Mr. It. GORDON said that the only object of the Rill was to
enable proprietors to borrow money from a Company iestead ito'
from individuals. He quire differed from the Hon. Member fee
Hull (Mr. Sykes), that this measure would detenorate; it was lea
(Mr. Gordon's) conviction it would ameliorate the condition of
the slave, as far ea the condition of the slave could be af-
fected by it.
Sir J. YORKE did not pretend to understand much of West
India property ; but lie could not understand how the monger, m
of West India property would be in a better condition by the pass-
ing of this Bill than they were before.
Mr. MANNINO, in a low tone of voice, supported the Bin,
and contended, that as far as the slave population would be atfecteu
by the Bill, their comforts would he gristly promoted by it.
Mr. F. BrXTON said, that it had been complained of that the
reduction in the property of the produce of slave labour bad been
geatly :educed. and that that reduction was greatly owing to the
frequent agitation of the slave question in that !louse. He mind,-
ted both these facts, but he owned he (lid not regret the reditetion
of that property which arose from a traffic in man. and which •:
was proposed by the present Bill to render more profitable Fitch a
traffic—to whatever imputation it might subject him—lie would net
hesitate to say was a disgrace to the country that countenancei ie.
for lie would ever maintain that man ought not, like a marketable
commodity, be sold and purchased. It had been siaid, in favour M.
this measure, that it would serve the Colonies by increasing the
number of tease who would take an interest in it. He would ad-
mit that there might ben greater number of persons connected eh!:
it, but he wss not prepared to admit the inference of advantage de-
rivablt• from it. The interests of the West India Colo ice were
already fully represented in that House. 3lr. Fox hatl formesly
said that there was no part of the Empire that might be said tole:
more fully represented than our West India Colonies ; and he saw
it mentioned in a Jamaica Gazette lately, that on any question tue
planters could command in that House a phalanx of 24k) Members.
(Hear, hear.) He regretted that *het Oakes possessed such ponce
as he saw invariably exercised, not in a display of its pure strength,
but in an opposition to every measure of humanity and justice for
the relief of the slave population. So far from relief to the slave
' population, he arnrehended great and augmented evil by having
proprietors of four millions of money interested to that very hove
amount, in continuing the present system of slavery in our West
India Colonies. He was also induced to oppose the present Bill,
when he saw many names of such respectability, who were first an
the list of the Road of Director,, withdrawn from that list. lie
would particularly advert to the name of his Hon. Friend the
31ember for elediturat ( Mr. J. Smith) who had been a Director last
year, but who now ceased to be so.
Mr. %V. imitroN was induced to ',import the preseht Bin,
as, from tile manner in which its capital would he employ em.,
would tend to the relief of the slave population, as tar a
they would be affected by it. The Company only sought ro-
leave to sue and be cued, as in the case of individuate. This wee
not arming them with any alarming power : it would enable them
to relieve many of the (heiresses now complained of ass great eve.
The planters would, by this Bill, be enabled to relieve theruselve•
from temporary distress at a greater advantage than they now could,
end they who were so anxious to relieve the sufferings of the slave
population should remember, that Mr. Wilberforce, in arguing this
question in 17ilff, contended, that the comfort of the shore should
always be concomitant with, and in proportion to, the welfare of his
master. lie contemplated much advantage from the passing of thi
present measure, and denied that deeps was anything he the min-
' eiple or details of the Bill at varianife the retaliation of 11f3d,
mcentended for by the Honourable and Ildisemd ifeeellese.
3lr. II ROCG if A 31 said he was opposed to t Bill, not
merely on the ordinary grounds of objection were wetally
taken to Bills for the formation of Joint-stock panic.—Bills
Vim
which ought at all times, in his opinion, to be hatched with the
most jealous and cautious attention. He hafeed Hon. Members
would not permit themselves to be lulled tolleep under the erro-
neous idea that this was a private Bill ; it was no such thing : it
was a Bill which was to extend all over the West Indies, which
was es moist every man, woman, and child there, and which was
adeelleed to exasperate to an incalculable degree all the mischiefs
!lei 'beady intolerable evils under which they were suffering. Ile
lOW consent to withdraw his opposition if he did not prove that
reposition. (Some confusion in the House here occurred.) He
=tee( that Hon. Gentlemen would remain quiet, or that they
postpone the discussion until such time as they found them-
selves in a fit state to legislate on a measure offending 800,000 of
their fellow-subjects. (Hear, hear.) At present, what was the
only security which the slaves in the West Indies had for any thine
like mildness of treatment ? what but the attention and kindness et
a resident humane master, who, than kindness or some merciful
motive, treated his slave with lenity ? This was something like se-
curity; but how would this security be diminished if 3,000 Mies of
ocean intersected between him and his masters, arid these master,
not responsible for their conduct in their individual capacity, but le
the capacity of a Joint-stock Company. It had been admitted on
allthe handspprietonthat i'.ot bir
of the system. But how was it proposed to remedy this evil,
which had been made an excuse hitherto on the part of the pro-
prietors for the maltreatment of their slaves ? To pass a Bill for
otth-eit,m"buagt management
yentof agents,MWesast onelndlostpthoePegrrteaylest evils
the formation of a Board of Directors, all of whom were to be
distant three thousand miles from the %Vat Indies, which tats 111
be affected by this measure. Instead of a remedy it was ill
vation of the very evil complained of. ( Hear, hear.) llom are
evil arising from absence to be cured ? by an addition of 40.000
necessarily absent owners from the colonise; or If several shares
were held by one person, which, from the hrgeame et Na,rn was
improbable, yet, however, an addition el %mid uovaseither ot
those who through necessity meet be eeeekikkee_ _ y die Wee
Indies. This was putting the bappiees er sumeresetkeesand.
of their fellow-subjects in Ando, eldreire dot
weighed with him to this Dill we, k (qtr ideal
by leaving no real eerier, ter k• use appear the
planter who hemeerel dm pees)de which advanced
it was to be fowled as *Mr IR , fed 0 weipmsible for
the ardweereser et the ekveigie=te. Bat who was now as
I be ekeereibie ter the seirdtydiet may be practised ? A Com pane--
; a Deeed of Directs.. In Landon, This was 'n • ,Joint -Stuck
Se -, OCk
1 la a limigih with a vengeance. As long as an Ho-.
Br IMMO! the non. Member for Eve.bant (Mr

4.

• Nob

:~

A anning) was a proprietor, there was some security for the humane
treatment of the slave ; hut when he was desired to look to M.
Such-a-one, the Chainitan or Deputy Chairman of a Board of
Directors in London, he lost that security, anti was deprived of the
restraint from cruelties arising from individual respoosibility,
. always became less satisfactory as it was shared with many.
far from imposing a restraint, the present Bill went to
encourage and aggravate the evils of the existing system.)
(Hear, her. I
Mr. MARINO had not read the Bill, nor did he profess to be'
intimately acquainted with its details ; but, as far as he understood
it was not liable to the objections made to it by his lion. Friend.
object of the Bill was the formation of a Company, to take
them West India business. But it is said that the formation
is Company will increase the traffic in slaves: this was a part
system of exaggeration which had been carried on upon all
iestinns connected with this subject. He (Mr. Haring) main.
t, that as far as the formation of this Company operated, it
go to prevent the traffic in slaves. Ile bad never heard aoy
those who indulged in exaggeration take upon them to say,
ty importations arrived at our West• India Islands for the
of foreign slaves. The traffic must be within the colonies
therefore, and lie (Mr. Baring) knew that any traffic which existed
-ithin the colonies arose from the distresses of the masters. The
''.being of the slaves depends upon the well-being of those who
above them. A half-starred master makes a half-starved ter-
and nothing can be more absurd than to say that the slave
be improved by doing injury to the mum. The Company
:ed by the Bill before the House, hold little to do with a traffic
every; hut if the formation of this Company produced any
it would be to prevent the frequent transfer of the slaves, a
which was at once bijurions to them and demonstrative of

distresses of their masters. There was not sufficient security felt
to induce capitalists individually to hazard their money in
.t India speculations, but the formation of this Company would
produce, in some degree, a feeling of security. No rational man
'l.l have any apprehension that a company of merchants acting
ly in London could help to oppress the slaves in. the West
. Ile could net sit down without observing that he under-
the slave mane was now carried on in an unblushing man-
r foreign powers, that in their negocianions had the meanness
Ivory it. Not the slightest atrempt was made to disguise It in
• : and in countries where disguise was attempted, it only
more injurious to the wretched slaves. He (Mr. Baring)
laved that there wet now a greater mars of misery amongst the
ace population than had existed since tne slave question was first
agitated.
M. W. SMITH said this Bill was being passed in ri hasty and
mdiscussed manner, because it was a private Bill. Had 'it been
viewed as a public measure, it would have been treated in a different
mannet above stairs. The Honourable Member ( Mr. Baring)
thought he got rid of the question of absenteeship, but he (Mr.
Smith) would ask—may not the mortgagees foreclose ? The
ct of this Company would be to holster up a ruinous and delu.
system, which would tend to the postponement of those re.
it, without which the West India islands cannot stand. The
before the House only engages persons to support the present
•em, who would otherwise have no interest in ha continuance.
se were the objects proposed by the passing of the Bill, and he
Smith) %tmid therefore vote against it.
. R. ELLIS stippotted the Bill. No Honourable Member
be more anxious than he was to promote the improvement of
slave population, as fares was consistent with the tranquillity
security of our West bidia Islands ; but he thought there was
toundation for the apprelie:;sion that the formation of the new
spiny would prove any impediment to reform or improvement.
.e Company was formed solely for the purposes of trade, and the
imprietors, in their character as West India Merchants, had no
to do with the improvement of the slaves than any Member
at House. As mornyagers. unless they were in possession,
could exercise no influence over hie condition of the negroes.
Bill specifically states. that it was no part of the plan of this
many to become West India planters. The business of a West
inds merchant is more profitable than that of a planter, and it is
s iiitorest, if he has a mortgage on a planter's property, to guard
'r,t the foreclose of that mortgage. He thought that the pro-
likely to fall into the hands of the Company timuld be that
resident proprietors, and he saw no reason to think that it
. not be then as well administered for the benefit of the 'ne-
as under any other circumstances.
te House then divided, when there appeared for the third read.
103—against it tn.—Majority 711.
SLAVE TRADE.

Secretary CANNING laid upon the table the copy of a
between his Britannic Majesty and the King of Sweden and
ty, respecting the right of search for negroes in vends
tg under the Swedish flag. In presenting those papers to the
House, he made a few observation■ in a very feeble tone of voice.
the purport of which was understood to be, that the object of his
Isjesty's Govertment had been to obtain as widely as possible the
right of searching for slaves, and by ete treaty then laid on the
table, Sweden had conceded that privilege. This advantage be-
'me the more valuable, in consequence of many vessels, not sane-
'net; by the Government of Sweden, having been suspected of car-
ing on this traffic. By this treaty we would beat liberty to search
suspected vessels bearing the Swedish flag.
RUSSIAN CLAIMS IN AMERICA.
Mr. Secretary CANNING also laid upon the table the copy of a
convention between Great Britain and Russia. On this subjet t be
was understood to see, that three or four yeats ago. as the House
wou:d recollect, a Ukase had been issued by Russia, in which the
-:rnperor claimed exclusive sovereignty of a considerable portion of
r.erth.west can't of America. The object of the present con.
Sion was to ascertain the nature and define the bruits of these
ems.
SOUTH AMERICA.

_ _ -
tr. Secretary CANSINH likewise laid upon the table the siTy
. a Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation between this
country and the United Province.' of Rio de la Plata.
R. WILSON applauded a treaty which did so much honour
both countries, and which was likely to be productive of so ntudt
mutual advantage. It was a noble homage done by one of the
greatest countrits on earth, to the rights of man. The present
treaty was an instrument which exalted our character and would
extend our renown, as well as lead to the more substantial advan-
tages of commercial inteteourYe with that rising country--a country
*Lich is hourly augmenting its strength, increasing its population,
and consolidating its strength by the establishment of free institu-
tions founded upon the splendid effort which they had made for
emancipation. The pemle of that country were entitlA to ap-
plause, not only for this effort, but the moderate use w'.ich they
made of their independence, not merely moderate but liberal. The
firs: and best use they made of it was by giving liberty to all
1.0 drew breath on their soil. Generosity such as this, however,
was rot confined to Buenos Ayres ; it found its highest constant-
r:ation in the achievements of him who had justly acquired the
utie of Liberator of his country. Ile would not be rendering
ju.tic.: if he passed over without approbation the names of those
who, under the auspices of the Right lion. Gentleman opposite,
had extended British commerce in that quarter of the world.
BREACH (IF PRIV I LEGE.
Mr. CURTER.; rose to complain of some misrepresentation of
what he said, that had recently appeared in a Morning Papa.
(Cries of order, order.) He appealed to the Chair whether he was
out of order.

The SPEAKER said that the Hon. Member must he considered
out of order unless he intended to conclude with a motion, that the
person whom he suspected of the misrepresentation should be
cod to the bar of that Houle.
TIN conversation then dropped.
CO3l LUNATION LAW'S.
Site T. LETHBRIDGE presented a petition from the coach-
shakers of Bath, against the revival of the Combination Laws.
Mr. HUIIE presented a similar petition from certain boot and
shoo makers.—Both to lie on the table.
CATHOLIC CLAIMS. . .

Mr. W. SMITH presented a petition from • Unitarian Congre-
giti in 111 Exeter, in favour of concession to the Roman Catholics.-
1 /rticred to lie on the table.
COTTON SPINNERS.
Mr. 11011110 USE rose to present a petition relative to a Bill
which lie had introduced into that llouse respecting the hours of
wark of the children employed in Cotton Factories. It eru from
certain master manufacturers in Manchester, in favour of the Bill,
and recommended that children should not be employed longer than
c !even hours on live days of the week, and eight and a half on Sa.
t-. ri tys.
JUDGES' SAiARIES (ENGLAND).
On the question that the House do resolve itself into a Committee
o:. the Judges' Salaries,
Mr. LEYCESTER observed that a third Assize alight be este.
bineheil without any additional expense ; for by taking one Judge
eacti of the three Courts (the King's Bench, the Exchequer,
sad the Common PI ,as). their services would be available for the
pa poses of the third Assize. Having four Judges in these
uturts was an innovation of the time of Charles 11. V.
JlitllZAtUre, as it now stood, he censured strongly: one day a Welsh
Judge was to be seen on the Bench, anutlici at the Bar, and a
U.inl playing he part of a palliCl3ll.
Te 'looser:waived itself into a Committee.
'Pile CHANCELLOR of the EXCliEttlJEli then rose—From
the noise created by Members entering the House, the Bight
lonour.ible Gentleman's tint sentences were not distinctly heard.
He said that it was in itself an object most interesting to the
country. that the officiating judge he tilled by persons of dignity
and importance that they should be high in the public estimati.m,
as persons competent to discharge the great trust reposed in them,
sod Justify the public reliance. The object of the proposed
measure was to grant an adeluate maintenance to the judges, and
also to remove certain imperfections in the laws. To these two
points would he (tontine his observations. lie did not propose
nor did he conceive it his duty to enter into a general review of the
ednaiiistration of 'jostle:, if the Honourable .Menilper who just sat
down, had only waited to hear the nature of the Bill. Ile would
t:d chat it had no reference whatever to the Welch Judges, nor
w-or4l he (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) even mention them in
the CJUMC of his observations ; the alterations which it was intended
to make in the system was in conformity with the recommendation
of the Commissioners, and was in reference to the fees and salaries
of tl,e Chief Jasticea. The pecommendation was one which could
mot, being regarded as most iiimmtant, and deeply affecting the
administration ri Justice. was dud the sale of certain offices by the
Alliief Jm nen; of the King's Belch and Common Pleas be pre-
rrentecL t Hear, hear.) Hs looked on it as something inconsistent
WILO the oignity, as incompatible with the really substaiitial dig-'
stir of those exalted personages, that such a practice should cease.
IHmr, hear. i It cernuilly hail the seconimetidation of antiquity,
aid in the reign of a former Raig, when die sale of certain offices
was declared illegal, an exception was made in favour of those to
saloon Le was now alluding. He, however, dill not think niece an
tigalty a reason for continuing any system boutto be objection.
able. (Beat.) lie would state wdie House the predicament in

mum

which they were placed with reepect to those offices—or from the
constitution of the COWLS a ooninderatile proportion of emolument
might be derived by the Chief Justice from the sale of offices. He
used the word " might," as it was possible that the offices might
be in the hands of younger lives than the Judi", and that there-
fore the Judges could not avail themselves of his privileges. It
was poe •ible too that one Chief Justice should in a short time sell
all the offices, whilst others had no opportunity of availing them-
selves of that certainly legitimate source of emolument. It would,
he thought, be contrary to every principle of justice, in the ar-
rangement then proposed to be made, not to take into considera-
tion the emoluments which might spring from that source. In the
King's Bench there were four offices, which the Lord Chief Justice
had the power of selling, and which occasionally contributed very
much to increase his income. The first was, that of Chief Clerk,
an office which he understood to he highly important; the
office of Clerk of the Treasury--Castor Drevenn ; Filazer
Exigenter. and Clerk of the Outlawries. The first of these officers
the Chief Clerk had the right of appointing ; other subordinate
officers, such as Clerks of the Rolm, of Declarations, of Entreats,
and of the Dockets.—all these situations were In his gift, and it was
well known that they were not only saleable, but in almost every
instance sold. Now. if it were improper that the Lord Chief Jus-
tice should exercise the right, it followed a fortiori that it must be
improper far any person under him to have the power of disposing
of them in the same manner. He thought the same principle ought
to apply to the Conrt of Common Pleas—that the abolition of the
sale of offices should extend equally to both ; it was not worth
while to mention the names of those offices which were saleable in
that Court. 'the Bill then before the House provided for them
all. The offices which the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas had
the right of selling were far more numerous than those over which
the Lard Chief Justice of the King's Bench exercised the same
right. There was another matter of great importance, and one
which he (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) thought admitted of a
most salutary reform. At present a portion of the Judges' salary
was made up of a certain fee arisiog out of proceedings before the
Court ; lie could but think such a source as inconsistent with the
dignity and the respect in which these distinguished personages
should be held. It was also, he thought, incompatible with the
simplicity of a Judge that lie should be depentlea, on fees for hi.
maintenance. See the difficulties in which he was placed by it. If
a suitor hesitates to pay, it may be disagreeable to him to enforce,
and yet he has no alternative out either to act in a manner which
must be so repugnant to his feelinge, or give up what he is strictly
entitled to, and what forms part of his annual income. It may not
be stung that fees be paid; the objection was to their bps/ col-
lected for the Judges. The intention now was that thekemodtould
remain the same, but that the Judges be made independent of
those who paid thent. It was intended too tl.at certain offiemersenesim
die fees nut of which they were to pay their own salaries, and hand
the remainder over to the Exchequer to help to pay the Judges the
compensation which, under the new system, they were to receive.
The Puisne Judges were in the same predicament with respect to
fees; they were by Act of Parliament entitled to four thoueandpounds
s-year, part of which was paid from the civil list, and from fees.
lithe four thousand pounds were not made up from these sources,
the difference was supplied from the Consolidated Fund; and these
individuals were obliged to make returns of the fees received by
them to the Lords of the Treasury, thereby becoming, in some
measure, public accountants (hear, hear), a thing which all must
admit to be inconsistent with the situations which the held. The
course about to be pumped with respect to saleable of must ne-
cessarily deprive the Chief Justices of considerable emolument. It
must be improper, therefore, in the general improvement to take
place, to forget that' circumstance. The House must feel that it
would be wrong not to regulate the salary according to that which
they then had. It was of course impossible to fix the precise sum
derivable from the sale of offices. He endeavoured to form as esti-
mate of what the salary ought to be; he had given the subject much
consideration t and, after looking to what they had then, a. well as
to what they were giving up, he thought no individual could ob-
ject to the proposed amount. At present the Lord Chief Justice
had from the Civil List four thousand pounds. liable however to •
considerable reduction from the Land Tax. Tne remainder of his
salary was made from fees contingent on the business in his Court ;
from both sources he derived about 9.5001., from which, it' the land
tax, which might be set down at 5001.. and also other deductions
were to be made, it would be found that the net salary was under
9,000!., a sum which must be considered too low for the services
rendered. Now it appemred to him that 10,0001. would not be more
than adequate to compensate an individual of so high a rank as the
I.ord Chief Justice must necessarily be. The sum could not be
considered extravagant by any person who weighed well the import.
ante it was of to have such a situation filled by men of eminence,
men distinguished in their profession. Every one must see the
necessity of making the situation of Judge worthy of acceptance,
that they might be able to avail themselves of the services of such
men. He therefore proposed that the Chief Justice of the King's
Bench receive a fixed eatery of 10,001. W. a year. Next in order
was the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas. The house were, of
course, aware that he was inferior in rank and dignity, and even in
judicial importance, to the Chief Justice of the King's Bench ;
his situation too had always been inferior in emolument. He too
would be compelled to give up his fee as well at his right of sale
and patronage. Looking at it therefore in the same view, he
thought the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas entitled to not less
than 8,0001. Independent of other reasons, there was one great
conrideration why there should not be a wide difference between
the salaries of time two Chief Justices. (Hear, bear.) Such was his
opinion, though he did not sigh to lay it down as a rule that the
Chief Justice of the Common Pleas should not be eligible to till
the situation of Chief Judge of the king's Bench. His wish
was, by raising the salary of the former, to assist in keeping down
the aspiration which must always exist in proportion to the disparity
between time emoluments of two situations. He did not look on it
as a matter of course that no such promotion should take place, but
was anxious to lessen as much as possible all inducements by which
Judges might be actuated to wish for promotion. (Hear, bear.)
Before he proceeded further, he ought perhaps to notice the situa-
tion of another Judge, inferior to the Chief Justice of the King's
Bench, who was circumstanced in a very peculiar manner owing to
the extreme delicacy of the individual who held that office in
1809 ; at that period the salaries of all: the other Judges was raised
except that of the Master of the Rolls, to whom lie alluded ; that
circuinstance arose from the unnecessary delicacy and the great dis-
interestedness of Sir Wm. Grant, who declined asking an increase
of salary, and who, when asked what increase he thought should
be made, refused to give • reply. Ile (the Chancellor of the Ex.
chequer) looked on it as a very unfair return for such disinterested
conduct on the pare of that respected individual. Certainly
there existed no reason why they should not now rented) the
defect. The salary of the Master of the Rolls was derived from
the Civil List, and from fees—of the latter he wished to speak at
present. They were now order consideration, and he had no wish
either to anticipate or prematurely interfere with the subject. The
Master of the Rolls derived also some emolument from the
react ml of a certain estate; altogether, his income never exceeded,
het sometimes fell short of 4,00111. a- ear. Every one must feel
suzio a eum to be inadequate. Ile did not mean to lay any stress
on the additional labour which may be imposed on him of attend-
ing his Mejesty's Privy Counsel, or the House of Lords; merely,
with reference to his judicial labours, every one must feel 4,000/.
to be an inadequate remuneration. He proposed, therefore, to
raise it to 7,0001. a-year. He proposed to raise the salary of the
Chief Baron of tilt Exchequer to the same amount- At pre.
sent that Judge received but 5.0001. a.year. He (the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer) did not know any office or situation
connected with the administration of justice, which required
greater talents than that of Chief Baron ; amongst other quell.
hcations it was indispensably necessary that he be a pro.
found Equity Lawyer. When he considered this, as well as the
labour of going on circuit, he thought 7,000/. the least sum that
could be offered. The Puisne Judges were next to be considered :
—it was a question of great importance that their claims should be
well weighed. Ile wished also that his remark as to what might
be called promotion on the Bench, should equally apply to them ;
with that view be was anxious that their situation should at once
be made respectable, and that a proper dignity be attached to it;
at present they have but 4,000/. a year. All who knew the great
profits of the legal profession, and the large emoluments made by
those members of it who possessed talent, rank, and character,
must feel with hint, that there could be no worseoolicy than keep.
ing down the salaries of Judges. The consequence was that few
barristers of great eminence or character—that few who had em-
barked in the profession, and who looked to a competent provisicn
for their families, but thought the situation of Judge beneath their
acceptance. (Ilear, hear.) The fact was. that no 1111111 of any emi.
nence will undertake the duties of the office if the emoluments be
contiated so low—no such person will ever be found to accept the of.
five at that period of his life when he could discharge the duties
of it effectually. lie may indeed be induced to take it, when
bodily infirmity or some such cause made him incapable of pursu-
ing hi* ordinary practice so advantageously as at a former period.
(Hear, hear.) In 11131 point of view the present salary must be
considered too low. The intended increase would not be more titan
a fair compensation, and certainly not more than adequate to ensure
a proper supply of eminent men. Ile considered he was proposing
hut a reasonable salary when lie intended that the I'uisne Judges
should receive each 691101. (Hear, hear.) From the very Nattering
manner in which his proposition had been received, he did not ap.l
prebend much difference of opinion as to the projected alterations.
He was actuated by no other motive than a desire of re-
moving inmperfections from the administration of justice ; to
increase the dignity of the office of Judge, and that remect in
which it Apulia he always held in the eyes of the people. He did
not conceive it possible that any man could be actuated by consider-
ations of economy on a subject like the present, or he would show
that, as a matter of mere economy, the intended alterations were
desirable. With respect to offices that were saleable, it was pro.
posed that the power of the Chief Justices to dispose of them should
cease at once, but that such officers—the Chief Clerk for instance—as
had the right of selling inferior offices, should enjoy the name right
during the continuance of their offices. The Right Honourable
Gentleman, after passing a high eulogium on the administration of
justice in this country, which he declared to be not only the admi-
ration of its own inhabitants, but of such foreigners as studied our
Constitution, concluded with moving Resolutions embodying the
proposed alterations.
Mr. DENNI AN ha I no objection that all reasonable compen-
sation *Mould be made to the thief .latices for the loss of any of-
fices which were saleable. Ile did not see why the proximity
should necessarily exist between the salaries of time Chief Justices
of the Common Pleas and King's Bench. With respect to time
Master of the Rolls, the amount of whose salary he did not pre-
cisely know—
The CHANCEL lAM of the EXCHEQUER informed the
Lion. Member that its amount was about 4,0(n)!.
Mr. DENMAN resumed. Ile was not indisposed to have the
salary of the blaster of the Rolls increased. With regard to the
Judges he did not think a fair case was made out. It was ex.
treinely painful to him to oppose a measure Intended to benefit

.
eauftwi
Manuin,
treatmer
Snch.a.,
Biretta
restraint
which al
tso far
'mama
(Hear.
Mr. 1
intimate
it. it wa
The obj
upon th,
of this I
of the sy
gueston
• rained,
• would g
• of those
that any
traffic of
therefor.
within t
well.bei
are abov
vent. an
could lx
affected
in slave:
effect,
system
the disc
TOR to
West It
produce
• could hi
• publicly
Indies.
stood th
ner by I
to di:on
France
proved
b•LeveO
slave pc
• agiratid
W. %
undiscu
viewed
manner
thought
Smith)
effect of
sive cyst
torms, 1
Bill bef
• syrs:efil,
These a
(Mr. So
31r. I
could be
•the slaw
and sect
no 1011111
UMW
The Co
propriet
more to
of that
they cot
The
Compu
lnd:a
Lis iittm
again,t
r e7ty lil
ut the et
would n
groes as
The I
• t7.g 103
Mr. E
treaty b
Nurwa,
• trading
• f House,
the pur.
Msjest)
right of
table, !
vine tl
tietted 1
rying o
any sus
Mr.!
convent
was un.
would
Empert
the nor,
rertion
Mr. E
05 a T
cuuntry
Sir K
to both
1 rtutual
greatest
treaty
extend
t ages of
and cor
twin fa
etnancil
plause,
made ot
lire: ant
dre
was rot
ration
vile of
yusticz. i
ut
had ext
Mr.
what
Milne*
out of e
The
out ot
person
t
