iff*lllll

,4x.t;
: _

'~,.

1;,

. . . - •
lately plat ii ow* salt 10 the field, which the rubbers
•sese .dowu. .
•
REOY/C0..•1 ~ • - u • ; •
PROCLAMATION. -
ens FIRST CURRY AY THE lIIFIRIAL ARMY.
M catcalls!—Jos IMP sow in a gladioli to proclaim the
wintry lisdeptiodSat; at I aorionneed to yois in kinds. Al-
-7e lily is the iniarease speed. which separates slavery fn.Mi
'doll, plowed over, mot 11110600 is gives to the different
•ntates whereby evevy AISSfitSIII say spark his private opt.
yen, heesuse Ilse fear which restrained some is dissipated.
/he saber 3430 warped the jailesen I of others is 'moderated,
and the idees-of all are consolidated ; and I lad myself is
oh. capital of this Most ordeal 'spite, efeholit Wise WWI
'behind samosa at blood, ravaged plains, Noreessehte id. ,
rim", or orpbon:ettilikeo, minim willi.•.enewrellows* do'
unisons of their.Fisbezz. Oa the cooirary, the .prisieigiel
luitvieees of Age Widnes have berm 'Rambled, sad all,
neillorm fa their 'it ilelass, address expressive ssisdatioes
•to the aire Army, end vows of gest-lied, to Resew.
. Tidier deispostitss give to may heart en 'scintilla, pleesert,l
?milt some the. anolsoensole tile sufferiogs and frivolous of,
4e onlagres, who hare ahoy*. boss Wive, steady. and sae-
recess*. You already know what it is lobe free, esid yolk are
`on the Joist of knowing what it is to be happy. The Joule
will he iimmelterl, the Codes assesibied, sod the Isis dll'whids
,oaar felicity depends, will be eamOiefell. I eshooftlipm to
4 forret the words of slum, nadlguiippoOf midi
is prosniamee only those of ridge BO latigylp ' I,
Cmitribille by sour knowledge Wilmlipliod ORM 'bat avuld
, entire and malignant slander. ObidINISW 11A111nhyoswIR
y complete. In concert with lb, .1111101
work which yon hove eaarseiseod; nod phew. me *spells
look behind we to observe si:eniively the pietism', prMelt.
Prolildlswee has traced, MO which Americus Arisdeoli
.inelolllllloMll ap. •I r 0011 wast 'Owe to the awrothl is:
coredierwil. by mvillihytarderisogrem.# WI I ost• *Mimi
~).oe ;mots the albor je• As voloysi• lir Air Ms.'
.snal 114 .0 AM .girs rosevill'oes
)uur . itpitiiir
*lOO6l-.114116 It I ..- • I
* !I H. :" '''. ' . 4141
' alto tt7III°
-7iaiiiitte4N PAPEEr.
.1 11vilvireiv.3
, i .;
flisgwtsi .1,41r,:rt ift,tv:. ----..."1"----. i:. .r.' kit 31,1,,ri v '
. NEW ir o az. .44pvappl willi
M
"iiiii .tbiiern AMERICA.— By . tjaz , ,sezivat .10
$ ;jag of the schooner Swart, Cliptpist,sl4any.
tPytiee
3 elvesdsys from Laguirse we sisiptlgol..aidlio
'ite's Carnet's. Gazelle to the 25th
'lit-' have given these papers • hasty lopriiple,
.
*ii Egtransleted from them the following/lunacies :..-',
. ' Ullmann hiss surrendered to *a
~,Patriot:
4ftlfals under General Bermudez. Two days
"slier its capitulation the squadron from Puerto
10i:hello arrived at the harbour, and being in-
' f•dmrd of what had occurred. as well as the.
generosity of the ciroqncror, desired leave Jo au.'
t: hot- in the port ander 5 suspension of Ispre,ititiea..
Permission was granted. ,and the Coutp*raller.
if •Vhe fl-et, with' hie officers. were fulatitted
(ri:VAter the
,city, where ilt4 karticipotesi,,spa Alreel
itor the triumph. l:nes4l. Berniudes4agaiall
iv covered. liirbeclf with glory on the occaitioa.
ie ii,irlis cotnogrehnis faorlour soil
t_heßeptuhte:oireirscolshluipmble
ita,
IN siyed.
• . •
I eve elected 'inictit Bolivar Pressdeut. and General
Santander Vice-Presitleitt. . •
- The Corrector 4.41.7ette of the c2.51b. of October
contains a law of in, General Congress of .the lie-
• pithlic of Columbia relative to the liberty :of:the
press; the preamble to which slates, 1114-lie
ty
. . •
liber of the press ought to be nflai.e,
4aculty of speech itself.

•14/13ibUl

. .
. '
4PANISii hoer eft,
t•L00.a4..., ; , . - • —ei—frio"--- • *Ai
a 104 .0•446.1 %saw MfNatsy `Mate 4.
Their bfejettieolsairi the Nova remit), made
t! 'Sir entry into this capital trwday salami o'clock
on their return from the floral Pr of Loren
. Ail the troops ofilbe“garrimir wed' die natiodolj
'Militia were dritariik)dti; 041trehich toyi
.
passed. The ;someesaavelsitude wbistivhood
.Lltiel to witness entry, and thlgibil
atnoostrat:ons of jeimbieh Abe people ett 41011.
aussag his Majesty'velholi theellfateitit.
•••
arm to the.aincerity et 'ollie love and sweet ich
• ifier protesi for•tbeir P;overeigu. 1
The.post which strived hero yesterday was robbed
, mar ,Ponsosicrta. The robbers seem to have coal,
. tfteted themselves with the /looney of the Invention
sind• not to have uteddled with the letters.
• event will doubtless give fresh scandal to thoseTet
forget that such things have ut slCtirttes occourid;.
on the roads of Spain, and to those whip thimkeisi:
. ate to become at once just clod bosefwitt, 1/9awbellr
hare a connotation which commands es tei,be
There well be rubbers us long se theme is iwlrtidus;
try and love of work ; and how many obstacles
nest he removed before this can be acquired.
Meantime Government must take prover measures
as enable passengers to loam the roads in safety.
• The reel of the national militia lose considerably
ressened this evil ; but, we repeat it, s•police is
necenary, which, without trenching on the liberty
of the cmsens, inuy defend them from the attempts
of the ill-disposed. •
• CADI.Z.• NOVSIIIII4 47.
• ,;nr last sciinonts of the tevrr;state, thaL on the
'..gotob.,toili, and 40th, the number of new cases at
ViPellidit. Mary's had been 34, deaths 10, cured 49.
renaiiiiiing 10$; at Xeres. new eases 14, deaths
ill, cared 5,. and remaining 29.
SALAMANCA, NOVENIIER 17.
The public spirit of this city continues the Wale,
that is, in favour of the constitution, of the coast'.

.Bth of _ mouth 1.500 men had left
Puerto Cabello by different points, in concert with',
Al+ and the other Guerillas, in the directiodi id>l ,
Valencia, of which Platte, as well as Curacao', it i
seemed proliable Ail would make themselves]
masters without mach opposition. Coro was io I
favour of the Peiiin.ulat, cod had 2,500 men-.
arms; Osmium rernriterd tranquil with 1,290.
Thus wit have 5,000 men' to dispose lo§esides
-8,000 Guerillas. The 'in,* letter* Ai 9a
fag Of Carthsgrus as intsillhal.."44 Ve, •
• • IS*::LIV 1 iPlooa
r
o r vssei is _• ss i• %sr 51.11, • • NV/1M 0w.% s
PARIS "
• A !lb*
•
• ..s :7 "I warb,,ezeziesta 17.
-Yesterday the Ptiamp-'4l pikussark visited the
►'
ft
extraordiesmr harse-bses. dispatched tot
-40'Ambisisdors at allittlseVoiiriiiff Europotisias
rliblint them of the fiiiisistiois of the piew,Misimes•
The execution of the new regnlsurie•ftliMit
NI the pay •of the army, which was
64'eson the 1., of January next, is sesspewheal. • ; U
French Erode or A, 10th : —Five per CM. WWI
ff f. 40e Bask Stock, 1,5921 f.
°DIANA. NOVEMBER 19.
The change in the Turkish 'Ministry it generally
ascribed to the influence of Lord Strangford. who
does all o?itt be Cell to diptomeatize the Turks ; boil
it sesillo'int-icMProvidenee had destined the Gra*
Seignor amid his people to undergo u rough pros
It is raid that the Grand Seignor Malumitipd
has twice declared in the Dictum, that " thq4l/'
Alliance, including England and Austria, hilkitola;
solved. upon the destruction of the Porte and Of
blansisio; that sech.was the rest purpose of its in.
stitution; and that if the Ministers of England tittd
of Anitris put on.un sir of proteetiou towards She.
-Porte, it.wss bit dissimulation en their parts." This
expression of the Sultan's bus reached uo trots. ao

exceedingly .good quarter; but eyes shood it be
forged, it is at leant true that the,,QtynetmenVoll
the Take pliticiptie in that opioiteali iniiiiiilit.it
is on tlitilPfiVkdtent that the Divan Matt t`
offee.:*•de *lig „Lord Stnnagforil its thmiodenalstilfi
ISepeoleher. to .send Enghsh Coennsialleiße...*
Jim ,Noie., to persuade the iissurgentiviltilidinito
,theasselver open the clemency sod milsolillrlf the
Loire. . .'"" -
I •,.... • , 1,8,•ra••• i.
• ' 'AU &Mit . Wins* fist Ivraetsence of the Mits.
tent or Austria mid orEtiglaild of sw.pijiajiptipap.
evil-disposed *onside the Turks as those which OM
thus imputed to them ; but those Ptlsstepereifissot,
but be afflicted on beholding so eto:4,,rernjils:44,
their important services. ..,• 4•Wt. , ; •
As soon as Lord Strangfaid heard 'o.4te.Persian
invasion he di.patched two ntrisengers to Ispubso
sud Teheran, to incline the &firth to snore paci4c'
dispositious ; but it remains to be seen whether the
Toshiba also wilt tint distrust the English.
• tzar against the Porte begins to be comidelQl
.Iwre as more probable. The report oftrofertitedlol
log prohibition of the, expurtstion of 'grain to.oe.
vivid. The ultimatum of our Sovereign reacted'
Constantinople on the 19th October. The Reis
Effendi (who Ins since been displaced) instantly
'Vortunnniested it to Lord Steangford, adding, that
wire Porte could Lot accept it.. He also sopportad
Asst opinion in the Divan, which occasioned Idols!).
~;,,Our news fiom Constatitinople come down to
the 12i1i November. It was expected that the
“Divsn would hold u sitting in a few days, at which
the onsiver.to the -alliatotarn would be finally re.
solved on. .
...
ISABILFORT. DECEMBER 12.
The confidence in the Amine!' hinds continues
-wir be ocryoncertniti. 'so the supposition is shll. rlll.
.leibilnitt of au
..stiiproacitiiis rapture Wire" !tim-
e
.9. •g". . ! . .. • , • . ,
and the Porte, ns,...loist letters reciiied Near
• Polaod coincide is their atatements on this subjs.:,
The positioos of the Russian corps stationed on 1
frontiers of Tuikey are such as to cause alsel
that.* war will lake place. Oa df in
them lei .
.
litmus that the 1114•11 Hi itreeps ate so concentrat4
'in Beasatabia, that thee ,firt,resistitettiapy weeks(
ja il/111.14410"14,414, ' :10Caltio4Vilosol,
ornctirat.• .41!. rr...• 'I of I, . , •• • • • . -; ,
''-"Tbe k t lr
itttritli diplomatic circled is ' e'.
x. ,• •
engagedMls
' 14- theroseut co...Mims of France,/ 'lnd'
~,
, parucolarly jii ' Oa 'inuaiderution of the influence.
which li Ix must have on the determination of Ittus-.
sir, relatiiielf* eiwarsvitii_tite Porte.
:d1 ,si • ;1111IliBVIA, DECEMBER G.
The report' voliitV'llee'fides in circulation that a
~ •
considerable reductioo.,inT.the Austrian army was
reautv;d uo by the Csmieerrineut, is tint confirmed ;
all the corps, on the contrary, are to retain their
full number of ;tato. Surreal re•••imento whirls
were in .garrisassmw Bohemia and 6Moravia. have
marched to I,l9llWee the cordons on sist 4sosbeets. • 1
Tot Irxy. ..st 6: A_ -sormat wart
AceounlhilleSOLlgereinnsud the Renal, aktraewee
that the raisilimheall bogies to prevail through-
;.., 1.. .• ...i..: s. 4 _ soss. 66 • •

_

T. Titomac—Holiday at the Bask, Exchequer, East India
sad South Sea Houses.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LON KIN,
FRIDAY* Abferussa 21, 1821.
The regular receipt of the Paris Papers .f Mon-
day last has added but little to the information
which we had previously collected from the arrival
ef the stioniteur of the some day by express. The
most important part of their emoted,s relates to the
affairs of Spain ; but opoo'ihis .object we meat
.repeat the exception which we have already taken
;to the truth of this intelligence, from the palpable
+spirit of exaggeration that prevails throughout it.
According to the accounts now brought by the
-Paris Papers, the revolutionary spirit, or et least
the feeling of opposition to the preseut Minister's,
which had prompted Cadiz, Seville, and Comma
to acts of open rebellion, has likewise manifested
itself with equal energy in Barcelona, Valladolid,
Pampelima, Medina-Sidonia, and other places; so
that the conspiracy, whatever may be its object,
presents strong evidence that it embracer a very
considerable portion of the whole kingdom. The
.greater part of the regular artily, and else of the
•militia, are said to have declared against the Mi-
nisters; and very forcible remonstrances, over-
stepping in too many instances the respect due to
the Chief Magistrate of the nation, have been pre-
sented to the KING, requiring him to yield to the
evident sense of the people, by dismissing the ob-
noxious members of his Cabinet. The KING
appears to be impressed with ''the belief that the
change of the Ministers is but a pretence to con-
maataheavel object of the coampirators, and that the
expulsion Of the Botiatsoss; and the subsequent
formation of a federative republic, are the per.
poses really sought to be attained. If the state.
`petits wade in Ilte• Paris Papers upon this subject
-be correct. we cannot doubt the correctness of the
Pinto's opinion; but if the urging of a false pee-
Mabee deceive, as no doubt it has, the far greater
'part of those who repeat the clamour against the
Ministers, it would be sire in the KING to strip the
conspirators of this ',retrace, which is the right arm
.nf their strength, stud by. withdrawing his confi-
dence
.from the present... Ministers, conciliate the
courailesice of the grestopeas or his subjects, who
left ',uplifted to be imeideluded. The Ministers
themselves seem to iiiterrain the same opinion, for
we ere assured that on the morning of the 6th inst.
they in a body offered their resignations to the
Akalilia They urged the serenity of the measure
ha his MAJESTY, and it would seem that a discus-
, !'alt of some length took place between the KINs
• 'mid the Ministers. The conversation, however, was
terminated by his MAJesTir rising from his chair
with great warmth, and positively commanding
them individually to maintain hisioest. He is said
111/Irave added... . 4,“

'soil hew the fate that these people erre preparing fur nte ;
leireditan dial &wad Is a seemed. UPI, XVI., but they
!Awl j,Pg 1,404: • 1'..i11 sot be the firm to provoke the eon-
AMU ; batifehey tome me to it, and if I mast die, it shall be
-oStli arms In my hands, and at the bead id sappekt*, that
: irpliigilef to sacrifice me."
„tie ' tintent is worthy of a King, and coneys
~ Orli an intimation of his MAJESTY'd seine of hi,
.•
tger
. and of the best policy which he can MIMIC
•116 het e himself end the condi-, from the worst coo-
40qiiroces of Fivif.i.eyf ,t' was perhaps for the ye*.
et viewing. fee this exigency that Isis MA.
~
ifftlifir Ittlinied • Ito Madrid on the 4th from the
sitscurial. He is said to Save been received IT the
; people of the capital with the Ithisat:ferveut dentin.
Atratioui ,of affeetioo. ThMe,.liewsver. who most
r ..
a& c t to be hie friends lament his returns and allud.
. ,
:ing.tasthesupposed influence of the Minister. BAR.
• DAM and {'suet, in having effected this measure,
• ilia' narrator of the crept exclaims.., don grant
,sinit.tiny. may never. hive
,to reproach themselves
with having been tlrionere,f %Arent crime !" It•is
• not, however, very euy Peiieive that in the event
of a civil war the -Kixers iserson week! be less se.
• care from outrage in the midst of his capital than
~ia the Palace of the Escorial.

We sincerely hope, however, that it will not be
necessary to *weal to the sword, and thist,the wis-
dom of the Conies, united with the firma* of the
.11itnn. will be of sufficient effect to maiuiaiu the
integrity of the constitution and the tranquillity of
the Peninsula. The Corky were summoned to as.
semble on the 7th of this month, end we a►e M.
termed that the Municipal Authorities of Madrid
were actively employed during the preceding day iu

vet
_ preparations roe preeirthit .'
Should she .studirrity, or the '
said be be wrowed by a kip
people respecting the conduct a the
can no longer object to parting
. . .. ....

removing Ministers in consequence
expremidAish of the kotsi

dismissing thetb upon the rude de-
ithorised persons, whether military or
daie to urge their wi►hes by force
the threat of druolving the bond
should their Sovereign have the

The Marquis ;Witt:Aimee leaves Richmond
this day on a vieill4Y,lkaord and Lady Gaewvil.l.€
at their seat DripidirtYLodge, eittnilt *is Lordship
will sleep, and tti:morrow lie sets-'olr for Bath on
his way to Irelstid.
s
The Special Commission appointed to *eat end
determine the cases of persons who may be charged
with hiving committed offences in the disturbed
districts in the south of Ireland, was opened at
Limerick on the 15th of this month. There are
confined in the county gaol of Limerick forty-nine
persons charged with crimes arising out of the die
turbancn, of whom nineteen are indicted capitally,
and in the city gaol twenty-four persons, of whom
eight are indicted capitally. There are no indict-
ments, as far as we can collect, expressly charging
the crime of high 'reason. It was thought neces-
sary to escort the Judges horn the borders of the
county of Limerick to the city, with a troop of
cavalry and a detachment of the mounted police :
no attempt, however, was made to interrupt the pro-
gress of the learned Judges, or to insult their per-
sons or authority. All the bills offered to the
Grand Jury were returned tree, and the trials were
to commence on the following Monday. We en-
tertain warm hopes that this Special Commission,
conveying a new proof of the energy of the Go-
Verrintent, will produce most beneficial results, in,

convincing the unfortunate peasantry how vain is
their effort te,embead spunk the power of the;
State, and to dr tlfte vigour of the law.
Lt the preterit state of the south of Ireland, it
must be generally felt that many circumstances may
occur which would justify Magistrates and others!
in exercising a discretionary power, where they felt'
that the safely of the .public required the sacrifice.i
We feel, however., wee surprise at finding the;
Judge, as it is repertelin the Limerick Papers, lay.;
lug it down as law, that the Magistrates may arrest/
any person suspected of being in the secret .of them
insurgents, and tender an oath to such person. and
that if the oath be refused, the party refusing may,
be committed to prison. This, we believe, is the rust(

,-ejetthagillita:-.doctrine has been broached widths
British ierritiasirrs. It is one of the noblest and most
salutary pAtitiples of British law, thatlatis!boclies
of men suspected of crimes shall net lesiwatijaat
mechanical torture for the purpose af;leiftrtictimig
from them their own condemnation. sg„gall they
be likewise protected from the moral earsiste of su
oath, if 'herself, be tendered for the purpose of
leading the iiSdivisluols to criatiatate themselves.
Jamaica Papers to the 93e1,3ast have reached
town. On the 23d of Octobte'the House of As-
sembly met, pursuant to proclatistion, for the dui.
patch of business. -Oa. *he 45th Mw. Cox. after
expretsing Ills " high Jerre of the manifold benefits
which the island had obtained slider the mild, pen
and wise administration of his Grace the ,L)414 f
MANCIIIESTER." introduced a Bill:isOgretatiauitsg,

his Grace's salary (3,0001. a year) during his tem-
porary aboence ; " an absence," it was observed,
" which was not voluntary, bat occasioned by a
calamitous accident that the whole Wend bad deeply
deplored." Some opposition was mussifestefi to the
measure, and upou a divisiou, the first reading of
the Bill was rejected by a majority of three, the
numbers being twelve for. and fifteen against it.
The follomisAg are extracts:--
• ' lIINGATOR, ocronvit 13.
By thOliffriore Iperti that three of theColuns-
hien eqinArin. ii:4l sailed from Rio de Is Melee for
`Junta-Marthlclarith the rifle regiment.
under
the
command of Colonel SANDYIL, consisting vf, eight
buudred men. They had recently arrived .from
',,Prlaramtibei. and were to he•follovreel by three dirt-
sions, consisting of nearlz three thousand men ;
latost of the Officers were British, and ,the. troops
• tire represented to be in high spirits. ;komptgerie-
vrally,uoderstood that their ulterior deannation was
Porto-Bello, and the Commander-issChief was
0-sod to be General MARINO.
General BOLIVAR had proceeded from Ms-
tacaiho for Cucuta, having been sent for 41 the
Congress to give his couseut.to several lows which
have been enacted. Ile was expected to return,
- and would sad for Sauta-Martballi loom the
-• •
troops there. "'^ Jr"'ei
t,
Madrid Papers to the 7th 'Ward announce the
I retain of the King of SPAIN witiviiro family to that
capitol on the sth iiisturit. Thet made their entre
amidst the acclainatiotis of an immense niultithide.
—The Gacels de Madrid nod the Universal en.
deavour to obese, Ly • eatepatrison of dates, that the
account of the capture of Lima is false. Letters
from Lima of the 4th August have been received ut
Madrid, which do not mention such an vent, or
soy of the ['receding occurrences said to have occa-
sioned it.—These Pliers refer to the 'monist pub.
hushed in the Monitear of the 20th November,
which seems 10 be the latest they have respecting
the fall of Lime.

... . .

•
hrlf a mile of the town of Nenxgb, were plundered tutional King, and of public order. A great deal nut Set-via. A Tatar had (tithed with fresh in- ' mating esiteneite p
of .a ::ase of pistols and a gun. is done in favour of the common cause. Ws ea i 1 structions for the Paths it Beffrada; and • few public Plait'. Shot
Petrick Welsh and William Mnedooo/d, taken in . tranquillity, and 'the consolidation if the system days after he was followed by w Co' pirlgo.. boschi, share the sentiments
the neighbouelsood of Chorlerille by Samuel Max. with a firman from the Grand &Ivor, the contents portion of Me peopl
well, Esq. and a platy of military, were armed with edv"ateas which i' the Intnetisat punts. Thole We"
a musket mud blunderbuss heavily loaded : there vine's may be distrusted which do not follow with of which are as yet a secret. The re,oirrison of Bel- Ministers, the KING
two men are lodged in Cork gaol. Mr. Maxwell such earictnest ail this does the systems. ss sa, de is aboattabbatanaiderably reariforced, and it with them. There, i
also ettl'teketaleel a alea maned ef "Ediffna. °fir" ;:ili Ye able ti:7l—y,Tike Salamanca, " Ws omit ii affirmed theijiliesfbeiss has received full powers ference between rem
A Culemen's Well, in this county : he had three •• 1
of dhow :-r rtfully concealed;
suns end a quagnD gi O contributions of men g ;
-- not
-- se wsweS to employ coercive measures, for the purport of of the expressed wish
itr _a.. ..- .------
an,litt larr pockif ili-Diurkei-13411 and turn-screw ma hundreth jiiiifoT what has a ten to our- share. completely subduing the Christians in Servia. the people, and distil
were gut. The 'gni' iir identified. Mr. Maxwell To lore the constitution consists in performing our Since the Turkish fleet has returued to the Dar- mends of unauthoris
fermented Coleman to Major 'Wilcock., at Rath- duties, and not talking of the constitution without dautllesolie Greek seas and the Archipelago have civil, who would dui
iteole, for committal to the county gaol. proprily oirsrving it. been free, and the Greeks are masters there. It of army, sod with th
Thurrday night two cows were stolen from an
'inclosed pasture at Corbally, nearthis city. They NAN •1111ARTIAN, NOVNIIITZR 49. only remains that a few forts still occupied by the of their allegiance b
were ti) propcm, or Poole Gabbett.
.E.,. who We here letters from Comma to ,i(1 August. Turks should be surrendered, in order to declare hardihood to refuse.
lately [nit a new gate to the field, which the robbers On the 18th of that mouth 1.500 men had left the Peloponnesus free and independent. -
