WEST INDIA. PLANTERS.

A General Meeting of the West India
. Planters, Merchants, An.
nuitants, and others concerned in the British West India Colonies,
was held yesterday, at the City of Litodon Tavern, on important
business, connected with their intetepts. The Meeting was ad-
vertised for one o'clock ; but the Nylons did not commence till
half pant one. The names and residtrices of the persons present
were taken down at the door, and so rigidly was this regulation
carried into effect, that admission was refused to every one who de.
dined to comply with it. The Great Room was filled by a very
respectable assemblage of gentlemen i AMOngSt Whale, we etWeeWea
Charles Rose Ellis, Esq. 31. P.; Win. Manning, Esq. M.P..; 1
Thomas Pares. Esq. 31. P. • John frying, Esq. M.P.JiwePh
Birch, Esq. M.P. • W. R. *Keith Douglas, Esq. 31. P. ; Alex.
Cray Grant, Esq. 111. P. ; Wm. Helmet'. Eaq. M.P.; James H.
Massey Dawson, Esq. M.P. ; Joseph 3larrvatt, Esq. ; Lett,
Esq.; and many other eminent West India merchants and pro-
prietors.
Before the business of the day was begun, an officious clerk of
servant of the Committee, stating that he acted by their directions,
very offensively required the gentlemen who were present for the
purpose of reporting the proceedings for the daily press, to with-
draw from the seats they bad taken at the table, where, at all other
meetings, it has been customary to accommodate them. We men-
tion the circumstance, in order to account for the onrhsion of some
parts of the addresses, of the speakers, which could not be heard in
the place to which the rereporterswithdrew.
Mr. R. ELLis,as Chairman .1 the Standing Committee of West
India Merchants, having taken the chair, said, that before he pro-
ceeded to the important business which they were convened to take
into their consideration, it would be more convenient to go through
some business which it was equally necessary to despatch. It had
been proposed to add a certain number of gentlemen to the Com-
mittee, and he would therefore read over the names and take the
opinion of the meeting as to their election.
The CHAI NADI then read the following names, who were seve-
rally declared to be elected unanimously :—The F.arl of Harewood;
the Hon. Wm. Lascelles; Lord Viscount St. Vincent; Lord Sil-
urian ; the Right Hon. Sir G. H. Rose, Ban.; Joseph Birch, Esq.
31. P.; W. R. Keith l)ouglas, Esq. M.P.; and W. 11. Irving, Esq.—
The Chairman then observed, that if it was intended to prop.rse
the addition of any other names to the Committee, that would be
the proper opportunity for nominating them.
The following gentlemen were then severally nominated by dif-
ferent persons, and unanimously elected by the meeting :—John
Irving. Esq. M.P.; I.lneas Berdeley, Esq.; Samuel Ilibbert, Esq.;
John Gladstone Esq. M.P. • Spence Mackay, Esq.; Henry Side,
ley, Esq.; Robert Robertson, Esq.; George Hibbert, jun. Esq.;
Alex. Kitstune, Esq.; James Lawson, Esq.; Josiah Martin, Esq.;
Philip. John Miles, sq. 81.1'.; James Johnston, Esq.; Neil Mal-
colm, jun. Esq.; iVni. Wilson, Esq. • J. B. Pares, Esq. ; Rev.
John Broom; Edward Sharp, Esq.; Samuel• Taylor, Esq.; James
Cooler East, Esq.; Jos. Illarryatt, Esq.; Edw. Ellice, Esq.
111. P.; Geo. Shedden, 1.15 q.; Edw. Clarke, Esq.; Chas. Simpson,
Esq.; Henry Pearce, Esq.; Jas. L. Bailey, Esq.; Thos. Mulkey,
Esq.; Edw. Davison, jun. Esq. • and Jas. Laing, Esq.
The CHAI a MAN then proceeded to address the meeting on the
subject for which they were specially. called together. t:onsider-
ing, he said, that a very general opinion appeared to prevail that
the present alarming and critical state of the West 11,dies called
for a general meeting of all those who are interested in the Colonies,
I felt it to be my duty, in the exercise of the discretion which you
have been pleased to vest in n.e, when you called me to the chair,
to direct the advertisements to be published for convening this
meeting. In the exercise of the same discretion, I considered it
my duty alto to convene the standing committee, for the purpose of
previously taking into their consideration what would be proper
measures to offer for your adoption, when the assembly should take
place. It has appeared to the committee clearly that attempts
have been made to misrepresent the condition of the negrots, and
calumniate the character of their masters, and by those means to
raise a fame in the public mind that may urge the Parliament and
Government to adopt measures involving a violation of our pro-
perty; and it has appeared nodes, clearly to the Committee that
we ought to make a public and solemn protest against such pro-
ceedings. kor this purpose, it has been judged advisable to
make a full and distinct exposure of the various modes in which
the property thus attacked has been treated by the Colonial Legis-
ilatures, in acts which, having received the approval of the Crown,
have acquired the validity of law, and in various other legislative
details, regulating its management. It has been recognir.ed also by
Acts of the British Parliament, permed not only to afford security
to the persona in England who have lent money on our estates, or
to facilitate the recovery of their debts, but to render it •
subject of taxation in every strip of its acquisition, its pos-
session and Its transfer, altogether constituting a sanction as
solemn as the law ever did give or can give to any species of
property whatsoever. (Cheers.) It has appeared to your Com-
initiee proper further to state, that if the property thus so-
lemnly recognised should be found to interfere with any
great liaisons] object, the nation has a clear course in this as in
every other case where private property Interferes with any public
benefit, by offering a fair compensation to the owners for its sur-
render (cheers); and if the object required be said to be dictated
by a sense of high moral obligation, it is no less a duty. ; nay,
On the contrary, the higher the obligation the more imperative does
their duty become, to seek its accomplishment only by fair and just
means (cheers), and justice requires, that if our property is to be
injured, full compensation should be *afforded to us. (Cheers.) It
has also appeared to your Committee, that this exposure of our
titles to our property, and this statement of our claim to compen-
sation, could not be embodied in any shape so proper as that of a
tetition to the Crown. It has been thought most advisable to ad-
dress the King, as the authorit in the state to which the colonists
especially look up for p , as holding their lands direcdy
from the King as gifts of the crown, and as enjoying them under the
authority of his royal prerogative, manifested in those acts of the
colonial legislatures which have acquired the validity of law through
his royal will. (Cheers.) The Committee have disc thought, that in
the present disturbed state of the West India Colonies it is pecu-
liarly proper to appeal to the King, as the authority to which
alone all the inhabitants of those countries can alike look up with
deference and respect, unmixed with any portion of disgust or
jealousy. (Cheers.) To the King we look with confidence,
knowing that if he should be graciouyly pleased to exert his royal
power, his voice will compose the jarring elements, and restore
tranquillity and safety where now all is alarm and danger, and we
propose, therefore, to pray his Majesty so adopt such other ma.
sures as nary be calculated to remove the exaggerated expectations
of the negroes, and allay the well-founded lean of their masters.
and at the sane time restore the value of colonial property, and
again raise confidence in its security. (Cheers.) Such are the
views with which the petition has been drawn up, and the
substance of its contents. The Committee have considered
these two objects,—first, the defence of our right to our pro-
perty; and secondly, the assertion of our claim to a lull
and direct compensation, to be of such paramount importance as to
place theni beyond comparison above all other considerations (hear,
hear), and they have therefore carefully abstained from touching on
any other topic (hear, hear, hear), nor that they were unaware that
they were subjects that might* properly form part of a petition to the
Crown, but the two points appeared to be of such vital importance
that the Committee believed -they should not have done justice to
your claims if they had distracted the Royal attention for an in-
stant by mixing up any other point whatever with them. (Cheers).
I will now, Gentlnnen, read you the petition which has been sane.
Maned by the Standing Committee.and which, after it has been duly
moved, I will submit to your consideration.
The CHAIRMAN then read the following petition :
" TO THE XING'S 010,T EXCELLENT MAJESTY.

" The humble Petition of she Planters and Merchant,, and others

interested in the British West India Colonies.
" We, your Maje.ty's most loyal subjects, Planters and Mer-
chants, and others interested in your :Majesty's West India Co-
lonies, humbly appruath your :Majesty with the expression of
our loyalty and devotion to your 3lajesty's and Government.
" M'e appeal to your Majesty's paternal feelings, which insure
the extension of your Majesty s gracious protection equally to all
your subjects, as well to the weak as to the powerful, to those in
the most remote parts of your Empire as to those nearest your Ma-
jesty's pawl
We humbly beg to lay our case at your Majesty's feet, in the
confidence that it is only necessary to place it under your Majesty's
view, in order to obtain protection for our just rights and security
'few our property.
" We beg leave humbly to state to your Majesty, that we hold
our plantations in your Majesty's Colonies by grant or purchase
from the Crown.

" That those grants and purchases were made, in some cases,
under the stipulation—in all, upon the understanding, that the
lands so acquired were to be cultivated by Negro Slaves.
" That Negro Slaves were brought by your Majesty's Britith
subjects from Africa to your Majesty's West India Colonies, and
sold by them to the Planters, under the sanction of Acts of the
British Parliament, giving to British subjects the exclusive privi-
lege of carrying on that trade, confining it to British ships, and
prohibiting the Planters front trading with the merchants of any
other country.
" That in the Acts of Parliament relating to that trade, it is de-
scribed ' as beneficial both to the commerce of (heat Britain and to
your Majesty's Plantations.' and it has been stated to be a trade
PO very advantageous, that it ought to be left free and open to all
your Majest)'s subjects.'
That the attempts which have been made, on more than one
occasion, by the Legislaturesof your Majesty's Colonies, to
restrict and limit that trade, have been checked by the British Go-
vernment.

"That the Royal Assent has been refused to Bills passed with
that view, by the Legislatures in the Colonies, and that it has been
declared by the 3linisters of the Crown, that it would not be
allowed to the Colonies to cheek or discourage, in any degree, a'
traffic so beneficial and necessary to the mother country'
" That various Acts have been parsed by the Legislatures of
the Colonies, and hare received the Royal approval, regulating in
the most minute details the treatment of the Slaves by their mar-
ten, affording protection to the one, and recognising the rights of
the other.

" That other Acts have been passed by the same Legislatures,
and have received the Royal approval, treating the Nieces in those
Colonies as the property of their masters, and subjecting such
Slaves and their issue to all the restrictions and conditions which at-
tach upon any other property ; for some purposes considering them
as freehold, for others as personal property.
" We beg leave further to state, that various Acts of the Eng-
lish, and subsequently of the British Parliament, have passed into
law, treating the Negroes and their issue in the Colonies in various
modes as property, fur securing the rights of British merchants and
other persons who have lent money, taking such Negroes as their
security, and 'fronting facilities against the owners of them for re-
covery of their debts.
" That the several Courts of law in this kingdom hare, by re-
peated decisions, regarded and decided on the property in Negroes,
; and their issue, according to the laws and customs of this kingdom
and the Colonies, which relate to inheritance, devise, settlement,
corneyance, and securities for money, recognising in the pruprie.

tors a vetted interest in the Sieves, and in their future Ilene tad
increase.

" That the property in Slaves has been made an object taKa.
t on ; the acquisition of it by devise has been subjected 1111 some
eases to the legacy duty, the possession of it to the property tax,
and the transfer of it to the stamp duty, amungst which is that im-
posed upon Slaves and their issue by the Registry Act pored so
recently as in the year 1819.
" In a word, the title of the master to his Moises; and their
issue, has been as completely and as solemnly recognized by the
law, as the title of any of your Majesty's subjects to any other
species of property.
We humbly conceive, that in a else in which the parties are
ithe State on the one hand, and any other class of your Majesty's
subjects on the other, it Cannot bE necessary, to prove any other
tide to property than that it has been recognized bt the State itself ;
land we humbly conceive that, as against the right of the State
to annihilate or to injure in any degree that property, such moll*
conclusive.

" Il has been urged, with a view of slotting the title to such
property, that in its Origin it will be found to have been vitiated by
acts of injustice or violence. We might ask how muck' of the pro-
perty of your Majesty's subjects—property held the moat sacred—
could shew a tide in its origin free from injustice or violence?
Whether your Majesty:a Ode to those Cohnties, though sanctioned
by treaties, and reeognued by the law of nations, could stand that
test? Whether it could be shewn that the original occupation of
those countries by the nations of Europe was not stained by acts of
cruelty or violence towards the native inhabitants; or how much of
the landed property of (heat Britain or Ireland could be retained by
the prestnt if such a title were required to be shewn
The gene admiation of thla principle would shake property of all
descriptions throughout your 31ajesty's dominions, andagainst a
partial application of it to the property of your Majesty's subjects
in the Colonies we appeal in confidence to your Majesty, the dis-
penser of equal justice to all your subjects.
If the State considers that the property of the West India
Planters in their slaves interferes frith a great national object, it has
a clear course, es in All easca where the property of individuals in-
terferes with a public object, by °Wentz them a lair compensation
for the surrender of their property.
" If that object is one which is required by a high moral shay,
the same sense of duty commands that it should be accomplished
by the fair . purchase of that property, rather than by a forcible
violation of it. If the right to compensation be admitted in case
of injury, but if it be maintained that the object can be accom-
plished without injury to the Planters, the State has also a clear
course, by Offering a distinct ledge, and making provision for a
contingent compensation; if no loss should be incurred, this
will cost the State nothing; if the injury should be inflicted,
it will only be satisfaction of a claim previously admitted to
be just
" On the other hand, a refussl to abide the issue of this teat
will be considered by the Planters as a practical proof that their
fears are felt to be well founded, however they may be asserted to
be groundless.
" We beg leave further humbly to represent to your Majesty,
that the tranquillity of all your Majesty'l Colonies has been dis-
turbed, and the lives and ptoperties of the inhabitants of those
countnee brought into inintieent danger.
" That the insurrection of the Negro Slaves in your Majesty's
Colony in Demerara has not been suppressed without a sacrifice of
lives and valuable property.
" That an impression had, as It appears, been created in the
minds of the Negro Slaves in that Colony, that your Majesty and
the British Parliament had granted their enfranchisement, but that
their masters withheld it from them, and that they had thus been
stimulated to assert their freedom by violence; In other Colonies',
plans of insurrection have also been discovered, and a very dis-
turbed spirit has become apparent among the Negro population.
" The confidence In the security of property in those countries
has consequently been so much shaken, that the power of transfer.
has been nearly annihilated ; th:r value of the securities on whith
many millions of money have been sent be your Majesty's subject*
in England, has been equally dithinished ; and the credit of the
planters, who had already been struggling under the pressure of
long ex:tinned distress, has been so touch impaired, that it has bea
come almost impossible to obtain a loan upon colonial security.
" Under these circumstance*, we lay ourselves at your Illeyesty'S
feet, and humbly pray that your Majesty will not, by the einem
of your Royal prerogative, in any manner sanction or authorise any
sets which may impair the value of property in your Mejenty's Co.
lonics, so repeatedly and so solemnly retrognisa by
.your Majesty,
your Royal predecessors, and the Parliament of Urea Britain,
unless a fund should be previously provided for fair and sufficient
compensation.
"We further humbly pray your Majesty to be graciously pleased
to adopt such measures as to your Majesty may appear best calcu-
lated to remove the exaggerated expectations of the Negroes, and
to allay the well-founded fears of the White Inhabitants in thee**
lollies, so as to restore a tranquil and contented spirit in those
Countries, and to re-establish the just value of colonial property
and confidence in its security.
" And your Petitioners will ever pray."
CHARLES NICHOLAS PALMER, Req. then addressed the meet-.
ing, but for sonic time we were unable to hear him distinctly. H.
began by stating that he rooe to move that the petition should be
adopted by the numerous and highly Tepee:able meeting he had
the honour to address, and that hr would not trespass on their in.
dulgence after the able and and forcible manner in which the
lion had been introduced and explained, yet that he could not
from expressing the pleasure he felt at perceiving the nature of the
petition itself. (Cheers.) He considered it to be a close and logi-
cal deduction of irresistible inferences from facts, defying centre-
diction. (Hear, hear.) As he was anxious to avoid that any angry
feeling should interfere with the dispassionate consideration of the
subject, he was glad to perceive**, that the language formed a
proud colonist to the intempneginilifusions which had proceeded
from the advocates of a 1 humanity. (Cheers.) With
pleasure he also perceived that there was nothing in the petition
calculated to interfere with the silence, the awful silence which the
present situation of the Colonies scented to have imposed on Par-
liament. (Hear, hear.) He was gratified also to observe, that if
it left untouched, it also left uncoinpromised, the great points con.
meted with other colonial rights and interests nut directly concern-
ed in the present discussion. Leaving them to more auspicious pee
rinds, the petition observed a judicious abstinence front all subjects
calculated to create irritation of feeling and difference of opinion,
where confidence and friendship wcreso desirable. (Hear, hear.)
The petition, therefore, was wisely confined to those points of vital
interest ; the defence of their property, or if it was to be invaded,
the claim for compensation which the petition so ably set forth and
so unanswerably substantiated. (Cheers.) It was altogether a calm,
dispassionate, and constitutional appeal to the common sovereign of
that nation, which, however it might be sometime* led astray by
the jargon of liberty, never failed ultimately to manifest the equal
love it possessed for justice and truth. (Cheers.) There was an-
other thing most satisfactory as to the petition. It read a lesson
which he hoped would not be lost on those persons who were
horile to the colonial interests : it was one unmingled tissue of
reasoning and forbearance. (Hear, hear.) Those were the grounds,
but particularly the ground of reasoning on which the l'olonists
were always prepared to meet their adversaries; and (continued
the hen. gentleman), while we give them that lesson, let us profit
by the lesson they give us in their union and perseverance. Let
us never forget that in our union consists our strength; and that,
by a steady perseverance only, accompanied by unvarying forbear-
ance, both in public and private life, legitimate ends were always
attained in the surest manner. (Bear, hear.) I have the MOTO
confidence now because I was one who never desponded of the
colonial interests. Overwhelmed as we are in distress—Sur-
rounded as we are by perils, I persuade myself that I Ste
the revival of our trade in the increasing prosperity of this coun.
try ; and I persuade myself that I see our protection against
danger in the general knowledge of our condition spread-
ing among the people of this country, and gradually rendering
them acquainted with the true merit. of our case. I never can
despair of the Colonists—l never will despair of them while they
are true to themselves Their cause is in danger only when they
allow their feelings to get the better of their judgment, and suffer
themselves, from any reason whatever, to lie diverted from that
unanimity and energy which their interest and duty unite in pre.
scribing to them. ( 'beers.)
Mr. Waren XTA V 1.0 a seconded the motion. When he eon*
sidered the solemn pledge given in his Majesty's Speech, on open-
ing the present session of Parliament; and the wholesome, wise,
and feeling exhortation with which it concluded, he could not but
regard the present a. a happy moment to approach his Majery
with their petition, to which he gave his most cordial support, in
the fullest confidence that it would produce the most beneficial
results.

Mr. CARRINGTON commenced his address by stating the pless.
sure he felt at the happy state of unanimity which pervaded the
meeting ; and he hoped they would all proh by the advice and
follow the example of the last worthy speaker. For himself, he
was determined to follow it ; but still he would be wanting in his
duty, if (withont wandering from the main object of the petition)
he did not take a brief review of those causes which led to the diffi_
cultics and embarrassments with which the West India planter, had
been so long surrounded. In doing this he altogether disclaimed
the remotest inclination to excite any angry feeling in any quarter,
hut he was induced to do so for the purpose of contrasting the for.
nice and present state of our ICest India colonies. A i•reat stake,
indeed, was row at issue, and much would depend on the conduct
which they all model new pursue. It was only a short time since
that an assertion was greedily received, having for its object to
state. that in consequence of an ins•reased and illicit importation of
slaves Imo our %Vest India Colonic., some interference was Deices-
arty on the pert of the British Legislature. In the instance, how-
ever, to which he now alluded, no MC was made out which chewed
the necessity of such an interference ; whereas, on the contrary,
the moat conclusive proofs, operating to the moat complete convic-
tion, could he brought forward to chew it was not only not nen*.
sary, but fraught with the greatest danger. Chi that °easier the
consequences of such interference were not only dreaded, but too
truly predicted by men of the ling practical knowledge. Their
fears. hoes ever, were of little avail ' • their warning voices were dia.
regarded ; and what was the result? Why, that a flourishing, a
beautiful, a happy and contented colony, was in one eight all in a
state of contlagration--property destroyed—and the lives of all_of
those of the deluded negmea themselves, exposed to the nunt no-
minent danger, which those acquainted with the subject knew to
have ensued. And what conclusion did he draw from this ? That
a too ready feeling prevailed of disregarding Use assertions and the
statements of those persons beat informed • in fact. of treating
them as discoing of discredit. With respect, however, to the in.
surrection at Barba:lnes, the whole truth had never heen fair), and
honestly stated. During the last Session of Parliament calumnies'
were industriously circulates! relative to the West India Body, who
were represented as indulging in imaginary fears, and speculating
on imaginary mischiefa, as exaggerating every existing evil, and
making statements which were false. Those calumnies were per_
Peened in, and it was added, that the insurrection did not arise
be near an Hon. Friend and gallant Offices, to ;hose energy sad
'heitsoiftiessiteif!estlYtn.theOrlotitee onf'emC:nrianbiolensmid.he'thaPpiteleseddits;
efrionthoef

1

4i

1

~~ ~~
~~

f

-
Shen mused from his bed at thc`tlead of night, many of the I
inhabitants of Barbados owed their safety, and the colony itself
=as than its existence. On the night of that memorable
din-
, his gallant friend, if called upon, could have given the
banes* narrative of the insurrection. In fact, the Government
paned It elitist unnoticed . they had in their possession the des.
patches of that excellent and able man who was Goveroar of that
colony, and in which he distinctly traced Ihe causes of thy issue.'
section to the operation of the Registry Act But if more proofs of
that were necessary, he would appeal to anilon. Friend, who drew up
a digest of the cue, which exactly agreed with the opinion of the
Governor as to the main cause of the insurrection. But more than
all that, there was no contradictory declaration from any of the ne-
Krnes nay, they all united in saying that they were without coin-
plaint or grievance . • that their comforts were attended to, and !
their wants provided for ; and that they were led into that insorrec-
lion in consequence of the measures
.pursued in this country.
What was the consequence of thus allowing statements toga before
-the public, the recent events at Demerara would best answer? Ile
meant no disrespect to his 31aiesty's !Ministers, nor co any other
)lembers of Parliament ; but he must say, on the night to which
be alluded the West India Planters were not befriended. Had
one word been said when those statements of which be complained
were uttered in the House of Commons—had 'one friendly word

fallen from even one of his Majesty's Ministers. the calumnies
would have been repelled immediately on their being uttered, for
that was the only time when they could be so with becoming end
/emissary effect. If the despatches of the Governor had been then
ramrod to, the facts of the ever would have beat elucidated ;
such a conduct would have been kind and generous—aye, and just
I may say too ; and it would also have been easily proved, that a
continued course of interference was attended with a degree of dan-
ger which required some speedy cheek. florin the subject of that
debate he drew another important deduction ; namely, that the
West India Cody were then either too temperate or too supine. No
Sent we. th -in made to contend for the principle now stated in our
petition, that if our property were violated we hail a right to proper
v4"vfeni'lithn. It would have now been matter of importance to
this meeting, if they could hare looked back to some claim of this
na:ure—i f they could look back to statements of their distress be-
ing then matle—of distress to individuals which they could never
retrieve--of the ruin of whole fortunes, of which, perhaps, not a
*tech would soon remain. If these statements had been then
made, a sort of precedent would have been estatlished in their fa.
sour, whether the principle for which they contended were recog-
nised or denied. The proceedings in this country led to the news
at Barbadoes, and there was a most striking coincidence between
the causes of that insurrection and those which had recently ope-
rated in Demerara. In the tragedy enacted at Demerara, the m-
gr.*, made no complaints of their roosters ; the unhappy sufferers
urged no grievance against their employers ; like their figlow4a-
homers aa Barbadoes, they were quiet and contented; but In fact,
the results, in both these places, must flash conviction on all on.
Prejudiced 'Weds. that' he atitemena of the negroes. hanishiPs was
growl, exaggerated. Ile lITIPSAd that this meeting, as far as they
coWld, would co-operate with their friends at Demerara, and assist
thetai in the mover y of their looses t—it was our cause as well as
thefts. It was not for hint at present to point out how that co-
operage's was to take place, but if they attended to the advice
eaen by the worthy gentleman (31r. Palmer) for the pronto-
.l.m of union, energy, and perseverance. lie trusted they would
succeed in forwarding the plea urged by the planter. at Demerara,
more as a pan of the general body than with any minute attention
tit particular or isolced views. He meant juat now to glance at the
condition of the colonies hetweeen the periods of the insurrections at
Barbadoesand Demerara. The impulse of th e insurrection at Barba.
does, like as earthquake, vibrated in other places. After some efforts,
rtowever, tranquillity was restored, but many persons who spoke of
it knew nothing about the facts, or deluded themselves into a be-
lief which had no foundation. As between the black and the
white people there was good feeling on one side, and confidence in
the other, content prevailed ; and had it not been for the ebbing
71:tweilour financial system here, there was little to be &me-
m to danger from our colonies. With respect again to the
qbestiOn of the moral improvement of the negroes, lie was pre.
mu* to state, that, upon waiting a time, it would be found to have
dtsa great advances, particularly in the island which he had now
tFe pride and the honour to represent. The most groundless as-
•Wtintls had been put forth to the contrary ; but he could eonfi.
deritly declare that the moral improvement of the people was at-
tended to—not perhaps so generally and so ardently as tome per-
oidomight wish; but certainly with means, if more slow, not the
lige certain of reaching so useful an end. He would not wader-
take tO give any decided opinion upon the rapid extension of negro
education; bat he had some muispvings that the good expected
from it would not be realized. He wished to call the attention of
the meeting to another topic, and he did so with considerable deli-
cacy—he wished that the Legislative Authorities of our West
bathe Colonies should not be disregarded in this country. However,
Whatever wan to be done, must be done in the spirit of conciliation.
Out Colonies were formerly in a flourishing and happy condition ;
but in consequence of interference from home, their condition was
her changed. Insurrection supplied the place of content.
and every successive account appals with terror, suspense,
Mid dread, for the fate of the Colonies themselves—fur the uncer-
tainty of the tenure on which property hangs, and fur the diatolu.
do n of all useful connexion between the British merchant and the
West India planter. One great object of the present petition
Wsio to restore tranquillity, which could only be done by retracing
wome of those things which were already done. Here he felt that
considerable caution should be used, in the expression of what
them things should be, and he would therefore restrain himself,
being convinced that to do so was the moat prudent policy be
rcould adopt. Ile would not attempt to contrast the state of oar
Colonial now with what they were before the spicisof intertwines.
went abroad. for the doing so hs would consider to be a dereliction
or the most sacred duty. He hoped the principle of compensation
would be recognised ; but whether it were or not, it should never be
lost-sight of, and the sooner it was unequivocally asserted the bet-
ter.. do opportunity would thereby be given of putting to the
test the sincerity of those penons who said that they were friendly
to the principles of indemnity, where property was violated. Fa
himself, he felt an infinite anxiety in the result of this petition.
He hoped it would be received by his 31ajesty with a gracious bias
is favour of its prayer; tranquillizing their friends abroad, both
black and white, and have the effect of removing that suspense,
Which to him, and, he doubted not, to others, produce a more 'dig-
-stit ce•ble feeling, than even the apprehension that they would be
hound to look to other means of relief. lie hoped, if their
ion were made the subject of comment, that the commestaton
wbpld follow the example of the worthy gentleman (Mr. Palmer),
aid exercise their calling with the sante measure of caution, ma-
dam, and ability. He thanked the meeting for the patience with
which they bad heard him, anti he trusted that no device from any
snorter would ever disunite them.
;Mi. MARLS said be felt satisfied that after the eloquence of
scats of the gentlemen who preceded him, he was assuming a deli.
mit situation in attempting to address the meeting upon this im-
*ARM subject. lie was encouraged however in this attempt from
a .tooviction, whatever might have been, or now might be &c-
-ull:toted to him elsewhere, that here he would be treated with every
Itorality. lie might on other scores claim their consideration, for
unlit now he had had no opportunity of submitting these remarks
wflioh, as a West India Proprietor, he felt it his duty to do. Con-
situsg
athe custom generally prevailing of calling public meetings
matters of private intereat,—considering the custom, in
Z;lluections of national importance, to obtain an interchange of
oPaiAon through such an agency, he considered it not a little strange
that Lamming similar to the present had not been long since con.
vyried. la saying this however he meant not to convey censure on
ate). party—far otherwise; for he was not one who would
i 5,
r • t a morse of gratuitous services like those performed by many
' ' he saw around him, with any other sentiments than
t most entire, sincere, and indelible gratitude. la common
„with those gentlemen he now approached the consideration of
tßesubject with far different feelings from those which actuated
Must the meeting held last year. Then he wan as if struck down
rag) dismay ; now he rested in confidence and hope. Ho laisMil
thee. all who heard him would give him credit for not
thealightest idea of interrupting that Imeneony whlohno.:=
htljrould do all he could to continue it. and juin baud aid WO
tct perpetuate concord and to strengthen maim . The seemeonoes
of the last week gave him some relief how die prams whisk be
filt ajnce the last Session of Parliament. The gracious romm-
rdwidation from the Throne descended fib dow from Mayas to
refresh us. The speeches made an dales. milk of Willi .
NW roported in the newspapers, implied Ida with arm
list while he felt as if recovering Nat a mark anews-
IMang under the benign influence of the King's zocamsasedatiam,
haotill begged them not to forget that she onanty., like as emit.
s,lnever slept nor slumbered.
_They had still to deal with the M.
Ohough one was lately scotched at Demerara; but let them not,
Am oi that, fozget that the old ono Kill exists& In all he
sint . h and virulence, and that they should be prepared to meet
it:, he speaker having hers made • short pause, a pntlerria•
r ward to address the meeting, bat was called to order, and
dr t. Mares continued.] He felt he could mit give the same effect
to.lblit meeting as the respectable gentleman who had just offered
himself to their notice, bet if he were indulged for a little mow
time (feeling he had an important duty Ishii Wiwi Indian scan.
Hymen to discharge) he wonld beg leave to say, that the occur.,
repro% of last year as to that body, mat with iss parallel is dre
history of this country ; they west condemned unheard. The
unfounded calumnies were urged against them from one
of this country wrthe other; and it was their particular duty.
;ward against prejudice and partiality. It was a hallowed
ales Wt to heat all parties fairly and equally, and subordinate sys.
/rt'ireve only entitled to respect as they conformed to that maxim.
-raft was ample matter afloat to justify their conduct, and show
rot only that their rights were created by the royal authority, and
rf ' by the votes of Parliament, but that the amelioration of
condition of the negroes Gaoling to their means) was greater
n could have been expected. Ile would not charge the Govern.
nowt with a dereliction of their duty, or impute to the Parliament
the adoption of rash or hasty measures ; and he now came to that
irpmitant topic, the insurrection at Barbadoes. It was of the
deepest importance to every one connected with the Colonies to
ban full information upon
. that subject, and thereby he enabled to!
dltticitsrd all unworthy =potations which had been, or might
now be Ma upon them. It was the duty of all not to be de...
term/ from the statement of what they had seen and known,
because their motives might either be disputed or comlenined.
Ile load no personal vanity to gratify, in stating what he
knew or that insurrection ; for, in fact, he almost felt called up=
tq notice it, after the allusion which was made to his conduct by
the last eloquent speaker who addressed Hein. He could safely saps
upon that transaction, that Mr. Wilberforce and his party entertain-
ed the most groundless suspicions, and they knew it. The general
. .
. as there, was violated : lie alluded
and taxation should be inseps.
-r, was introduced, and many
that gentleman, predicted its
prophecy, unfortunately, was
a colony where it was least
was neither mountainous nor

' woody, and had but very few mires, out of irs.ich the military
could 510011distio.lge the rioters, it contained a greeter proportion of
whites than any other colony, and had a well appointed garrison—
(symptoms of impatience were here manifested). Vi ell, then,
suffice it witty, that it exhibited &accrue of happiness and prospe-
' rity, and suddenly changed to one of desolation and confusion. At
the period of the insurrection, he was • Colonel of the 31ilitia,
and being toured front his bed at the dead of night, made every
effort in his power to quell it and save the people. Ile did tho best
he could towards its suppression, and all he now meant to urge was,
thst it was wrong not to have ahem' in the House of Commons
that the acts of a particular party, in this country, caused all the
I danger which subsequently occurred in the West Indies. He
now expressed a hope, that some Member of Parliament would '
move fur the despatches forwarded by the Governor (Sir J. Leith),
which would clearly show—(Coughing, and tells of Order! Que.-
: tiod!)—that his statement was perfectly correct. He was sorry to
have trespassed so long, find in conclusion he would only say, that
if they excited too early a hope of freedom in the negro, they would
find him extremely impatient to possess it.
Mr. HIBBEIT observed, that he could say but little to command
the attention of so respectable a meeting; he only rose to explain
why he did not go more largely into the general question. After
long debating in the Committee, it was judged prudent to confine
the topics of our petition. Although individually be had a different
opinion, still he felt they were brought to a serious crisis; and,
as union was necessary, he submitted to the opinion of the majority.
He now, therefore, recommended the petition to their unqualified
approbation, and hoped it would be signed by every one present,
with as little delay as possible. The petition was to the King ;
and though not entering at length into the mediate and immediate
causes of our distress, it was still of such a nature as by no means to
commit them upon that subject. As agent for Jamaica, he took
the opportunity of stating, that neither in the discussions of last
year, nor this year, had he advanced any opinion but such as he felt
as a merchant and • planter in the West Indies. Here the Wor-
thy Gentleman entered into an explanatiod relative to tone differ-
ence ofsminion entertained by. his constituents as to the nature of
an interview which he had with Government; but as we did not
fully bear it, we deem it better to omit it. The Honourable I /en-
deman then concluded by expressing a hope, that the gracious re-
commendation from the Throne would once more revive the droop.
ing spirits of the West India planters, and save them from that
distress and ruin which must otherwise overtake them.

Mr. Gnosszee, M.P. said, that the present alarming condition
of the West India Colonies could not fail to excite the deepest re-
gret in any mind, and proved abundantly and awfully that a period
of peculiar difficulty had now arrived. I approve, said Mr. Gros-
sett, of all that the petition contains, and I shall follow the advice
of you, Sir, and your example too, in abstaining from those excit-
ing topics which have been so wisely excluded from that petition.
Upon the caution, moderation, and attention of his Majesty's Mi-
nisters, much must now depend, and their responsibility is now the
very fountiation.stone of the West India Colonies. Upon their
responsibility the fate of those Colonies is now depending. I agree
too with my honourable friend who first addressed you (Mr. Pal-
mer), in hailing for the Colonies a more auspicious condition than
they now ' enjoy and this hope, with him, I derive from the tone
and temper of his Majesty's most gracious Speech, which gives
us no slight hope that his paternal ear will willingly attend to the
prayer of our petition. I trust too that the tranquillity of present
disturbance will speedily follow ; that the negro population may
soon learn, that in obedience to the laws and to their lawful mas-
ters, their happinese mainly consists.
Major Dehatac said, that though a small annuitant, he could
not sit down with folded arum when a subject so vitally important
to the empire was under discussion. Amidst the events that had
lately arisen, there was much to agitate the most stoical. •and to
alarm the most courageous. The precarious tenure by which our
Colonies were held had been attributed tomisplacedand misdirected
humanity. He fully agreed with that opinion ;at the same time he
' must be permitted to declare it as his firm conviction, that no mea-
sure of permanent security could be adopted—no system of ulti-
mate security could be devised which was not landed in the total
abolition of slavery. (Hisses.) It would ill become him to state
there in detail the reasons that induced him to form that opinion:
he meant to do no such thing; bet as he gave Id every man the
right to cliftir from him oo this subject, so did he claim the privi-
lege of expressing his conscientious opinion. The majority—the
great and overwhelming majority of that meeting, thought very
differently, and their sentiments, he made no doubt, were the off'-
spring of a pure and disinterested conviction. 1 own that I see no
difficulty in the abolition of the slave system; but I am per-
suaded that moral principles must be engendered to mere the
way for universal emancipation. (Loud yelling.) Gentlemen,
continued Major Dalbiac, may hiss and yell when they cannot
answer. I have always imagined it to be the chief end of a
nubile meeting to correct the erroneous, and to inform and
expose the ignorant (cries of "Question !"); and though I am
a very unimportant person, yet we all know that the smallest
star in its separate orbit may prove es serviceable as the great
luminary itself (a laugh, and shouts of" Enough 1") I deprecate
all appeals to the paamons; but I assert that these slaves have
rights of which they ought not to be deprived. (Cries of " He's a
Saint.") lam not a Saint—l am • sinner; but lam an ardent
lover of liberty, and I detest oppression. Without meaning to
censure the petition, I shall submit to you, Si, a few resolution,
the first of which I shall proceed to read to this meeting:—
" 1. It is the opinion of this meting that rational and defined
liberty is • blessing to which the whole race of mankind have an
original tide." (A voice from the crowd, " Not the anther of
' The Voice from Jamaica.' He's an agent of Wilberforce's.")
Me. Fut tEit rose, and reprobated such a resolution, as alto-
gather incompatible with the harmony of the meeting.
Major DALBIAC proceeded with his second resolution, which,
, from thkgrearellsbe meeting, he was scarcely permitted to read:
"t That, asoardance with this principle, and being fully
aware that a state of slavery is incompatible with these moral ties,
those social feelings of gratitude, which in free countries bind the
servant to the master, this meeting anxiously looks forward to that
desirable period when the black population of the West Indian
Colonies shall be deemed by the Legislature of the Mother
Country to be so far exhumed in moral attainments as to be worthy
of being admitted to the condition of free labourers and nimble
of properly appreciating the blessings of rational free:lom."
The CILMIMAX rose, amidst the yells of the meeting, and order
was lasteody restored. He said, I beg leave to ask whether the
cause of du West India Colonies requires such assistance ? Is it
a cause that shrinks from fair argument and if not, what objec-
tion en you have to baring a gentleman whose sentiments do not
precisely forrespond with yours? (Cheers.) Is it not more be-
coreirtg—as it not common courtesy to suffer the gentleman to pro-
ceed with his observations, subject, as they must be, to the ani-
madversions of any gentleman who may think proper to reply to
them ? (Hear).
This address quieted the wrath of the audience, which WSJ some-
what formidable when the Chairman rose.

Major DALBLec proceeded to read, uninterruptedly, the re-
maining resolutions:—
" 3. Fearlessly as this Meeting proclaims to the world the feel-
ings by which they are actuated in common with their fellow-men ;
anxious as they. ever will be to give those feelings effect by a
cordial cooperation with the British Parliament ; they still feel
it a duty incumbent opus don to declare, that all unworthy or
base appeals to the posslome of the yet ealiseated newels.* can
only retard Instead WI psamilai ie beaelleent views of the Legh.
lature, anti that it le aseeneary diet the_aeopeas should be taught
How very shentelleal IS art Wier whit* 'awes bunted along
by the kneeholes of eontaredee, a l.Yi. latbrarie itself upon
moral ruin.'

" 4. That it is the opinion of this Meeting that the owners and
occupiers of the soil of the Bring Wss Indian Colonies are as
much entitled to Legislative precaution as the downers and occupiers
of the soil of Oreat Britain.
" fa. That this lleating relied upon the justice of Parliament.
trusting that in every manure which may hereafter be brought
forward in furtherance of ultimate emancipation, • due regard
will be had to vaned and acknowledged rights ; and • con-
viction of Majesties and at the necessity of equitable indemni-
fication."

In conclusion, Major Waite mid tint he was wry Mhave ex.
cited, in the discharge of a conselansiase deb, IM tispinsure of so
resprstablea tweeting; but he writhe OPOIMISerf kirelna inability
further to trespass °lethal, attends&
The CHAIRMAN inquired if the resolutions were seconded. If
they were it would bet Ms daty Si take the sense of the meeting
ups* them:-
No Gentleman having peassatad himself for the purr= of se-
conding the resolutions,
The Cows sew said that he could not, in the strict diethsrge of
his duty, submit them to the insetiog.
Mr. TAYLOR observed that the property of the West India
Planters had been fully recognised and ratified by every monarch on
the iltitiskthrone. Ow late venerable Sovereign, whose humanity
was beyond all controversy, hid, as he subsequently acknowledged,
adopted with too great precipitancy, measures interfering with the
planters' exclusive rights to their slaves. Is their unanimity and
peaceable deportment, they had nothing to fear front the most vio-
lent alba opponents.
Mr. S. DI sox proposed to the Chairman to substitute the word
" Beitish" fee " English" possessions, which appeared in the Re-
port. He remarked that the Irish had, perhaps, many of them,
possessions in those colonies.
The amendment was adopted.
The CuAea MAN thee ruse to put the question on the petition.

Mr, DUNCAN CAMPBELL said—f do not rise to tippose the
adoption of this petition. Indeed, I think it is contained in such
temperate and calm language that no possible objection can justly
be raised against it ; but I must be permitted to say, that in much
of what has fallen from the Hon. Gentleman on my right (Major
Dalbise) I entirely agrees. I agree with him that in proportion to
the diffusion of knowledge must be the decay of slavery ; but I
qualify that SMEMMO by stating, that slavery had been etnpt of its
Gums and its oppressions long before violence towards the pro-
prietor., personally, and danger to their poatessions, began to mani-
rest their alarming approach in these colonies (bear); and I believe
too that had it not been for the intemperate seal of injudicious par-
tisanship and false humanity of universal philanthropists, slavery's
Progress must ere this have been stayed, and a slave would not live
in our West India Colonies. (Hear.) The condition of the negro
slave furnished a glorious topic for pathetic declamation; but the'
condition was fancied, to suit the necessities of the speaker. I will
venture to assert, and Mr. Buxton, who was my active co-operator
in the Society estsWislied foe the relief of the Houseless Poor,
will hardly deny it, that there is in this country move distress and
suffering than have ever been felt in our colonies. (Cheering.)
Get the negro slave be produced at the bar of the House of Cone.
mons. Let him there speak of his treatment, and his account will
fully confirm my statement. (Cheers.) The Gentleman non.
chided by expressing his gratitude to the meeting for the attention
with which they had received him.
The petition being then read and proposer for the adoption of the
meeting, it was unanimously agreed to.
Mr. Max/it:co —ln order to give the most effectual character to
the petition, I shall propose that it be presented to his Majesty in
person, by the Chairman of the meeting, accompanied by such

'Members of both Houses of Parliament as are interesteti in the
Colonies, and able to attend, and accompanied also by the Colo-
nial Agents.
At the suggestion of Mr. finsw'r, this resolution was recorded,
so as to give the Chairman a discretionary power of presenting the
petition either to his Majesty at the Levee, or to the Secretary
of State. .

On the motion of Mr. MANNING, the thanks of the meeting
were voted to the Chairman, for his proper and dignified conduct in
the chair.
Mr. Ei.r.rs retnrnsd thanks; he felt that he had hut inadequately
discharged his duty; and had he ,erformed it with the highest
ability, their gratitude would be more than an adequate return fur it.

TlMmeetitig then separated.
Mr. Er.Lis, when the meeting wan separating. stated, that there
were different copies of the petition in the room lying for signatures.
Several gentlemen signed upon leaving the room.

EAST INDIA SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

The Cape packet, Kettle, from the Mauritius, has arrived in the
Downs; sailed from thence the With October, from the Cape the
Ist December, and passed St. Ilelena the 13th December.
PASSENGEWS.—CoIoneI Conyers, 824 regiment, Mrs. Convent,
and four children; Mr. Pye,ll;overnor of Roderique ; Miss Prior;
Lieutenant Thomson, Royal Engineers; two soldiers; one
woman.
Arrivals at the 3lauritius, Oct. 12.—The Rambler, Powell.
from London.
Oct. 14.—The Alexander, Surflen„ from London ; the Enter.
prise, Thompson, from Gibraltar; and his Majesty's ship Delight,
Bay, from the Cape.
Sailing from the Mauritius,"Oct. Id.—The Margaret, Header.
son. for Gibraltar.
Oct. 18.—The Olive Branch. Kind, for the Cane. The Speke,
Macpherson, was to sail from the Mauritius for London the 12th
November.
Arrivals at the Cape.—The Ilemsles, Vaughan, the James
Sibbald, Forbes. the Asia, Reid, and 'the Asia, Lindsay. front
London; the Sun, Anderson, from Bengal; the John .Mercer.
from Rio Janeiro; and the Olive Branch, Kind, from the
Mauritius.
Arrivals at Batavia.—The Diamond, Strout ; and the Bonqua,
Nash, from London.

principle recognised here, is well is tl
to the principle that representation an,
able. The Registry Act, however,
persons, with more knowledge than t
troascquenee--insurrection : and the
het too 110011 after verified even In
like*/ to hays happened. Barbadoes
