• benefit

;

i

{:

'the parties with the Treasury, there was ter be some change
of t The liaise would be firm and persevere j not injury,
hut would follow howl the measure.
Mr. 11USKIMS /hi would make one obeenation in answer to
What fell from the Member far Aberdeen---that a fever was created
in the city, owing to the idea that a change was contemplated. fir
erweid mune, on the part of the Right lion. the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, upon his own responsibility, and that of those with
whu Mena M. that there was no change, nor was there the least
inamtims'ef making my.
Lord A. if A M fleTt 1N hoped the House woujei not make op its
mind until It wee knows if Antigen would be beneficial to the par.
ties interested.

NIL HAIIINft maid, the stormiest of the Member for Montrose,
ir that the merlin at Saturday was not that of the Isititinn trade
was not to be i en wiautliurity,les be had merely heard it from a
In the f. . He had been sharply °anaemia' upon by the
Lers:Vrar for Knestleborongh, for his Wean reopening a free trade.
Mk argument was, let the node be consistent en its remilations
-oeilie not leave one pan open, and the other ravened; if the trade
*row be free ism it be general ; let the country gentlemen give up
Abair y. There meld not he a free trailer it was vain to
Mlle of k talten Mead could be had by foreignere for half the price
k was been The people of this country should have a free trade
nin food. He felt to the Honourable Member for Knnnsi-
borough, as but foe his arguments the House perhaps would nut
be alive to the necessity of hearing the petitioners.
Su' J. MACKINTOSH hoped that as lie had been misunder-
stood, be world be allowed a few wards in explanation. As to the
word "shop" which was used by the Hon. Member,rie begged to
assure him he would be the last person to use it in an adverse sense.
He thought it consistent with the practice of Parliament, when an
argument was opposed, it urt be said one part of it was at va-
riance with another. In this ote he had spnken, and in the same
sane the Hat. Member might argue with hint. lie mnembered
hint at the head of the small army that opposed and voted ngainst
the Com Bill ; of that army the lion. Member was Cllllllllllllller-
lU-abief ; and it, as he alleged, the Chancellor of the Exchequer
was a deserter frau the opposite maks, he was not received ns a
toliticond prudent general aught to receive hint. Am to the
domain, winch, according to another lion. Gentleman, would be
Mimed by the silk 114111111.11CtUICTS at the end of the two years and a
6418'. be did lint think it wouhl take place. lie reasoned front
. time intelligence and good sense of the manufacturing classes. He
bad an opportunity of acing them lately at a scientific lecture, and
I.: was astonished and pleased at seeing the intensity of their atteq.
non--he are delighted at seeing the intelligence which sparkled
from their countenances, which amid not be ;Avant ; but if
clamour woo iesred, now was time time, by parliamentary thinness,
to put It down. It was the business of Parlament to put down
as 11111,14, ley sheering it three was no hope facies success.
The t.l I A NULL IA /It of the EXCI I EQI rEli had no objection
to tame the motion into consideration to-roarruir.
Mr. HARING lIMICIIICIi.
The panacea was laid on the table.—Ordeved to be printed.
ASSESSED TAXES.

Mr. M A or; nNKiuu. for the .'9th instant.
For the repeal of Al Ste assessed taxes.
EVACUATION OF' SPAIN.

Lard J. lIESSVELI, sell, that before he would state what his
insatiate was, he would in a few wards state what was its nature
and object. It was not his intention to bring any charge or
accusation against his Majesty's Ministers, for the policy pursued
by diem in regard to other countries. There was an objection
cartel to his ttttt tion in regard to don. that as the war Au which
he nimble referred was at an end, this measure might be looked
an as rather historical than as referring to anything at present
existing. TO this lie arnwered, that his wish was to prevent a
reeurrence of that which hart-sited lately ; and be brought this
atavism Rowed' nut so much with a view to discussion as to hear
from his Olajeety's 31inistere an explanation of that policy mew
width they acted. He rolled Upon them to explain why, after a
peace dentinal, he might say with an almost universal congratu-
letion, and after being hailed In that House with lead applause
on one ode, and with silence on the other—why, he would oak,
w.ve we again so near entering upon a war? And so near it
we sere, that the only reason suggested against it was the
hoprodence of entering upon it against so matey and so weighty
Poway*. Ile hail heard it mentemed as an objection to this
&emission, that these other Powers were the allies of his Ma-
jedy's Government, and that In the speech from the throne it was
sow his Majesty had received swimmers of amity and peace from
Iris sillies, and there was every reason to hope that peace would
be maintained. IVhat was the meaning of the word allies ? It
nevelt a union and alliance of Revival Powers fur the attainment of
the kaiak! object. This object was cenfessedly, in the case to which
lie alluded, hostile to English policy and to the principles of the
English Constitutor. The late inviudon of Spain by the French
was rho:Melly ttpluried to the policy of this country. From the
tune of Louts XIV. to that of Bonaparte it was the favourite
plan of Freer to establish an influence in Spain ; to the object
this cuuntry had been ever opposed (rum the period of die victory
of Blenheim, to these gained at Salamanca and Vittoria. During
this pei al n was the policy of this country, by every means in
its pes• r„ to prevent the establishment of this French hillitence
in spain. About tee yearn sioce the beet blood ui England
had been spilt in the Grids of Spain for the amine purpose
• now the remelt were the posseiteries of these very fields. 'I hey
sets the nisetent of the fortresses of Iledajos, St. Sebastians, and
Cadiz, s here so many English lives were lost—they were establish-
ed n. wiweable wneession of the heart of the country. lie would
now poweel to state the nature and design of his motion • they
would be, first to inquire how this came to be the case ; sce:osdle,
to point nut the Winger of such a state of things ; and, thirdly, how
this danger could be remedied. With meet to the manner agh,
which we had la/len into this situation, It was well-known that ten
years sines we wore highly suet:month—we hail a great command/ay
at the head of our vietotious temps; *lid, finally and lastly,
the elements dietaries had conapirid in our favour and
ire trilmted to our stoccoss. What lie wished to know ware,
the results vii our conduct and success. In the year 1814, and
again in We year 1818. a peace was concluded upon principle,
a ow, not only to the deploutacy of this country but he might may
of the world. The situation of this country might be said to be
described in the versus of Addition with more sense, he was reedy
to semi!, than poetry ; but mill they were supposed tit be at owl
thee descriptive of the situation of this aitietry
'Tie Britain's care to watch o'er Europa"' fats,
Tut hold in balance each contending slate ;
threaten bold unibitious Kings with war,
And answer each afflicted nettles pray'r.
But by the new policy of 1818, this pedant) was abandoned; the
beam* was surrendered into the hands of the ,plied Kings and
instead of answering the prayers of afflicted nations, England w-
ee:red every prayer that was mule to her. The first conse-
quences ut the, disappointment of all their hopes was, that the best
and • isest men ot Europe, instead of impeding nettle supremacy of
Roseland, preyed that vengeance might fall upon her, of the be-
trayal of ha hopes and tapeetatirms ; the loss of the balance of
power, and its surrender to the bands of power:al Kings, was at-
tended with the wore. consequence*. Power was always attended
by abet, end mien it was lodged in separate Minds it might be
corrected: but th • case was different when it became the plowable
of allied te.d and powerful Kings; thew Kings became like any
0:11.r powerful rorooration— they attended to their own
'plena,* ; anti setteg iu colo:re when the balance was
trukee. they became too strong for iuterference. In 11120
the Ailed Alone:tie issued a declaration, which wets I fulhswed
by the circular of the late lord Londonderry, stating that
the allied recletation could not be adopted by thus country. But
iintuediataly after followed the attack on Naples, only hecatew she
was sandy le be subdued. lie mentioned this, merely to shcw that
a yew and a half ago our 3liehsters had no notion that the inva-
sion of Spain was 13 he discusard at Verona, end that in omic-
ron** of their !ertiality to the Holy .11lianee, to ghee how they
ware deceived by boat brotherhood. The invasion of Spelt VAS de-
terrnincd on at the Congress of Verona. and the subsequent pro-
aisieos of the Freech, of having no wish to keep posseseions of Spain,
ti ere scandalously violated. The Speech of the King of France
talked of tree niestitutions tor Spain, while bin 3liiiisters openly
taterptcted that Speech into a dislike to the existing constitution of
Spam. sir Chitties Smart, talon hearing that interpretation so
elven, eldress.ll the Ft, vigil 1l moister tie France, and expressed
hope that three wa, Oei illtpos,iti,l4l on the part of this Fr, nen C.o.
veranient to establish a despotic Goa (minion in Spain. It wits aid
the 'Virg id Franco'. Spelt It, shut the " sanatory cordon" was
only n: keep off }estate's:, Owe Fettle.. • pretty neurly in the same
inter at (;.cuntPohetute talked ref the views of his (locetittlient
as is South Tile French Goyenionent seemed to follow es-
pronly t he dos trite of Louis X 1 V., who was of opinion, that the more
tepee, the engsgielleat, the illtife proper it 11,011141 lie to violate it.
11 h.a the French troop. entered Spain,. it was said they were not
tv sweeten. with the Coicrotiont ut Spain : but the result showed
chat towel( cue Wa were eteertaitual by the French
• re. pet to the Pll4u se of all revolutions, theft. were Only two
*Us %Well call be stalely uctol on. One• wits like that of our own
revolutwo m Itisit, when all were conciliated ; and the other that
adapted by Ow Female Jacobins in Mtn, solemnest a democracy.
when wily one order iii the state was preserved, and all the others
were lielivereil tip to be massacred. The Spanish Government
&Weed ',either i.N11.,.p1,1 they wished Wham a free Constitution ;
they tho' ilit a tnnnitvud illinnetiwy would beat procure the lisp.
pineal tit the people: but, while teeing on that opinion, tlwy were
gewgaw awl Immo., to those who e sl it. By establishingg
thus One estate they raised against thewla7 privileged claso s. But
audi was the utuderutioa of the tluvernment, that they actually left
onautiowland impanislied persons shows they knew to he in tames
spondees, with a liwaign enemy ;--they proscribed none—they
clungentesd nom; —to all they were forgiving, perhaps to a leult.
The (rinds of a liberal Cana Milian in Spain were ahensteil from
the theeenittseet, blonwe they bad only one Chamber; end they
oleo mode elwneirs of awnher party, who, usually trading in plun •
der and disorder, leered that a free Constitution would put an end
sat their eilioue tia.lse. Tao Army of Faith was gut tip—a set
of reindkoois and Pohlman —a rabble, aceustomed to the high ways,
were otwayeel against retry thing which was orderly or virtuous. The
Frauds berieg secured thew two parties, emily obtained a triumph
in the conquest of Spain. In the general abasement ,f the' nation, all
seer no alike, owl some hew proved themeelees enmity of the
gat..' .4 t.,•eiiien. The varmints, the enlightened Ara:miles, the
pennon.: rod "'mascot's 21 ins.-4he honest, the moderate .11W/IV--
thou met, came periled out of the lire of that abominable aggro.-
awn in their country. But what resulted from the success of the
Frenel, and the freedom of Ferdinand? A free Constitution or
on &iv like the Frew+ Charter ? Ko such thing. but absolute
-1, on the part tat the King, and • state of *Lawry
people. M hen the 1 auke of Angoolenie was enter-
we he issued a yroclanistion„ in which• alter the usual
to be Mewl in such productions, it says, that " the
lv seek to protect th.. geberues Spanish nation, to secure
esoteric,. and, after that. to return to their own country,
soylllg Bpsio then the en: ets of revoltititm." Ile would
say say thing 4.1' the progress of the Due IrAnprouleuir
Spain, of his skill. or his gownielty ; but this he would
:eer bad it facto foe the Indvaieellence of Spain to have

la Duke of .Iloa sent there than the Due WAN:palm', tie the
Spaniards were now reduced to a state of the grashrt abjection. la
all countries there were but few men who led in the seta, the ad-
ernes, and the regulation of maim ; and suppose those few taken
sway, and the House might have a proper notion of the stale
of Spain. A sheer despotism now ruled in that unhappy country,
I and it was, if possible, in • won. condition than .t any other
period of her history, and for this, amongst other reasons, that
firrnierly men could pursue their studies, 411 •heir pursuits, and by
keeping quiet incurred no danger; but mince the pommigation of the
Constinitien, all such men made their opinions known, and were
now subject to the lash nt unlimited authority. He had been as-
tweed, that since the restoration of the King no leis than one
thousand persons were confined in Saragunna, at.d • propor-
donate number in every other town and fortreu in Spain.—
Massacres were committed, the eyes of many torn out, merely
because they were friendly to a free Constitution. If the
French were able to restrain these excesses well and good; but it was
to be onnideral that the French were not in all part. of Spain, and
so far, that they were ineonmetent to the object ho which they were
said to garrison that country. With respect to the conduct .1' this
country, he PAW no advantage to us from the pneareeion of Spain
by France ; the whole of our ancient policy was sewn it, even
during the infamous reign of our Second Charles. The
of Spain by France was to be viewed with apprehension Frestlu
case
War, AS Spain, no deuht, would juin France against us, in return
for continuing Ferdinand on his despotic threat. The Cabinet of
Madrid wenild be dictated to by that of Paris, and in short the
family compact, which we had always endeavoured to break up,
would henceforth be established more firmly than ever, and that
with our own concurrence. With respect to the views of the Holy
Alliance, he knew their dislike to freedom, and to its incident—free
discussion. The L'onl Chancellor wan said to be extremely sensi-
tive in all discussions concerning his Court, but he wee not half so
much so an the Holy Allies. It WAS, however, • happy moral retri-
button, that those who britught misery and ruin on others, SWAM
can later telt a pang of misery themselves. l liar, hear, beer.)
If there were any doubt of the views of those Holy Allies, the'
(louse need only, look to the state of Switzerland. Fifty years ago,
in Switzerland, Kings might be censured without fear or flattery
now they must not be stokes of without attributing to than qua.,
ties morel, and wientilic, and humane, which scarcely one admen
powans. Switrerland wan formerly the seylom of the peresented;
new even a Swiss citizen may be exiled his country s& dr mat.
mend of x foreign power. Why did not the Allies Nemeth" erne
system in this country? Only because they feared our power.
Their dispoteition, however, could not be doubted. The =mums
of the Swiss press were of little iniport, can oared with our shw
lionise; as-
sions both in and out of this ou; and he was sure the Allies
viewed with almost equal dislike the Right lion. nemetary fur
Foreign Affairs, and the Hon. Member for Yorkshise, seint,!2
did the great inane of the gentlemen who spoke on the 0
tiou side of the (louse. The immures of the Holy Allies did
not bear discussion, and hence their apprehension of it. But for
a moment, &glen reverting ratite occupation of Spain by France,
mine of the French diplumatiats did not disguise their object.
They said plainly, that while Ireland's discontents were coml.
need, the ecupation of Spain would be a terror to Englmod. M.
nlonnuorency. if nut M. :le Chateaubriatwi, went dust length.
Foe himself, be did not wish unnecessarily to touch on this topic;
but in limiting at the general question, it was too important to be
omitted. l'he It t. I I un. Secretary fur Foreign
_Affsirs had eahl that the
elements of a Ministry agreeing upon Catholic Emancipation could
not be found in this country ; and all he Owed J. Russell) could
say in reply to this was, if it were the case, it only went to say, that
no Ministry could be farad to enure the peace and tranquillity of
the country. Considering the irritations winch centuries of mis-
rule have pmduced ireland--considering die vices and the crimes
which must always grow out of constant oppression and resistance,
the puuession of Spain by France ehouli be viewed with the utmost
jealousy and rill 1111 l n. The Irish people could now only feel that
half the British Cabinet was persecuting them, die other betraying
them ; that altogether they only excited hopes they did nut intend
to realise, and created discontent to keep the people in a state of
degradatiuss. ( I leur, hear.) The organs of the French petty ne-
ver ceased to state, that England was particularly vulnerable through
Inland. Gentlemen who merely looked to their own countries,
were oft, n satisfied at the rising prosperity ; but if they looked in a
wider field— Willey extended their views to what was panting else-
where, they would see that the object of France was nothing more
nor less than the annihilation of the,free Constitution of this (nun-
try. If veer they could secure that object, Europe would be but
one scene of unmitigated slavery, and misrule, and opprestion, and
crime. Supposing that to be the object of France, what were the
best means to oppow her ? The most obvious would be to break
up that confederacy to which she was so deeply pledged, and of
which she formed 111/ conspicuous a member ; but that was now
inipiewible. The Cabinet of Austria was governed alone by fear :
of Frederick the Great at one time, of Napoleon at another, and
nowunly oppoeed Rnneia's attack on the Porte, because her whole
empire might fill if the Autocrat were successful in his ambitious
projects. inistersof France were now dictated to by Rus-
sia, and placed and displaced as she thought proper. Austria was
pledged by her own interest am! safety to yield to the united
plans of France and Russia. The French linvernment were now
endeavouritig to entabli.h an aristocracy, and to elevate the clergy
to their Conner power and wealth ; and France, to Mixt thane ob-
jects, times:wily looked to the support of sonic foreign porter ; she
concerted her measures with Russo,—and Russia, es he just said,
dictated Ministers n well as measure to France : they aided each
other in every effort to weaken or diminish the power of England.
If, then. that compact could not be broken—if that alliance could
not be dissevered, howwere the million and a half of men rtmdy to
aid France to be opposed ? In nature every animal was armed
with its particular weapon of detract and the defence of this
country was her ships. 'rhe views of the Holy Alliance were not
confined to Europe, but evidently extended to South America.
True, they said they had no such intention, but they said the same
timing before the French entered Spain. They might not send an
armed force to South America, but he was persuaded they would
send out anento and emissaries to sow discord antottgat the people.
and do all they could to pnweote a civil war. Those Holy Allies
would set town against town. and brother against brother, and in
such an insitlious manner prepare the way for the renumption of all
the old intolerable Spanish tyranny. The object of the Allies was to
keep the war alive in South America, in order that Spain
might send unt detachments, and, as the result of intrigue
and force, to put down the spirit of liberty in these delightful
countries. Spain might pretend to send mit troops to South
America ; but he said, if Spain, in the possession of France, and
French 1111111iCTS acting as her police, sent out any troops,
that England should at once resist any such attempt. If Spain,
without any foreign assistance, and without French troops keeping
her in their possession, could subjugate South America, site might
do so; but Spain had no right to employ foreign aid at home,
while she pretended with her owe troops to attempt the rtmquert
of her former colonies. 111 case of any such attempt, the Mintsters
of this country ought to declare, that they would allow no succours
to cross the ocean for the conquest of South America. bet Spain
do all she can of herself, but LA us be no longer deceived by the
pretences of the !holy Alliance. Now, one word with respect to
the papers laid on the table : lie would say, that perhaps better an.
sane could not be given, nor could the subject altogether be better
treated, than by the Right Honourable the Secretary fur Foreign
Affairs. Item as to the pretence,' of the !Lily Alliance, that Right
Honourable Gentlemain %Insult! say, " you have before cheated mid
and deceived us, and we can no longer depend upon what you state."
Ile called upon the House and the Government, openly
to avow their distrust of that confederated body, whose
whole object wits to crush liberty whenever it raised Its
head. Such an avowal would by nu means lead us into
a war, for the Allied Powers were now so occupied in restoring
their dilapidate.l credit, that for some years to conic they would be
unable to rink its chances. It would be therethre unwise to delay
the' stateiuent of oar opinions. The cause of South America was
as much ours as hers ; it was the common cause of civilization and
huiusnity. The contest of the Holy Allies was mte against Cleve.
tion of character and principle—against the light of knowledge and
the growth of freedom—it wars against the improvement of man-
kind. In combatting such Powers, we would he adding to our own
strength, dignity, and glory, and secure for ourselves the lasting
thanks of a grateful, etilightened, end free posterity. (Cries of
" Ilene.") The Noble lamed concludes! by moving tin copies or ex-
tracts of all communicatiuns made by this Government to that of
France, reserving the evacuation or the French troops from Spain.
Sir R. W IletiON begged to make • few observations on this very
eery important suldect--a subject nut only embracing our tioreign
policy, but one at kiting directly the interests of ten millions of
people, and, collaterally, of millions of the Portuguese, whose fate
and fortunes would be influenced by our decisions. Ile agreed
with much of what fell from the Noble lend, and he hoped they
would be. able to extract such opinions from Ministers as would be
useful to Spain and to humanity. Every one must agree with the
Noble lamed as to the barbarity of the unprovoked aggression upon
Spain, an aggression which even success (generally covering the
delimter.cy of such attempts) only ethical to the enormity of the
attack. The military occupation of Spain, combined with the
influence of Russia, was highly daneerous to the honour and
sectuity of this country. It was a piddle scandal which ought
no long.? to he permitted. lie had beard tthat the Govern-
. meat of this country agreed to be the arbitrators of the dif-
ferences between Spain and South America, and that lon-
dun was to be the seat of a sort of' Congress tie the lkpu-
lien of South America and Spain, its mice to crane to wane final •
setticnient of the questions lietw•-en them. But such a conduct
minld be at direct ariance with out whim professions sir neutrality,
and highly diarqicctable to Satoh America, if her Governments
egret-ti to it. It was said, however, that Spain only wished, in
doing this, to secure for herself commercial advantages. Vet,
but what v wild be the next object ? Why, merely to raise money
to pay that auxiliary army, which could no longer exist without it.
Give Spain money and you give her the means of perpetuating op.
pressing ; deny her money, and either the Spaniards will obtain
their liberty. lithe" deserve it, or they will remain as they now are.
The King of Spain, when leaving Port St. Mary's, declared to
General Alava, that there was no object so near and dear to his
heart as a general amnesty, and that the last thing lie would avoid
was any vindictive reaction. Now, however, he was in the hands
of France, and the system of proscription was unbounded. He
did not nowt to say, dlr.' this Government should go to war for
the sake of Spain ; but he was quite ',misfits! that many it I as
country objesied to the Spanish l'unstitutlon bee-nese they thought
it tou democratic"), and as likely to pmeluce 'revolution in France,
threatening the security of die House of Bourbon. Iledid not
blame the -!‘linisteres of this country for not going to war ; but they
shoold boldly denounce the pine:ple on which the war against
Spain was tinc'ertsken. The !sing of France was indebteti hoc his
throne to the Prince Regent of l'oegland ; atul the 'knish Govern-
ment ahuniti tell France, that her efforts to meledue another nation's
liberty, could not be silently tolerated. The British Government,
however, talked of their neutrality—neutrality they had determined
upon ; an train that very moment the ruffian band, called the Army
sit the. Faith, was immured: the treason of Mtwillo, Ilallasteros, end
A hinhal followed, and despondency was spread amonget the' friends
era free constitution; public credit was desinered, and the Spanish
Government had not :be means of paving the artry, or throwing

'applies into the minimills. It was said that the Constitutionalists
.awe" faction; but if they were, they were a Venice' co.
sand the most antieabie and enlightelead toot hSpain.
ta—tr—ve was another reason why they were entitled to oar support f
they were the friends of civil *mid religious liberty. (Hear.)
France, too, waa so well aware of this, that it made the war a re-
ligious crusade. tio felt the Church of Freurce—they felt that the
intolerant Chores of Spain was in danger. The constitutional
party was not a faction. Why was the French army kept in Spain?
The flag of despotism was flying in every quarter, yet still the
army was kept there. He admitted that the people of Spain had
not made the ablest deknce that a nation could have made in
defence of their liberties, but they must consider the circum-
stances under which that nation was placed the formidable
alliance against which they had to contend, and the trifling re-
sources upon which they had to rely. Ile could not give a better
description of Spain, of its state mid cnnetitution, than by stating
briefly to the House the condition of Cadiz just before its surrender:
Cadiz was considered, even in the times of the former war, to re-
quire a force of 24,1000 men to defend it; now the whole lurs
amounted to about %POI men. Not a cheyeaus des friar was to be
had--no provisions to be procured, and its the Treasury, the parr of
the army on the day of surrender amounted to It dollars. Yet
even on the day C? surrender there wits no apprehension or alarm
on the part of this people ; they mot the danger as it fitted men
prepared fur the worst, and there war no evidence, as there existed
in reality no apprehension, fur their fate. Let no man then suppose
that there did not exist in the Spanish people true feeling and cou-
rage. He hoped the Right Hun. Gentleman would be enabled to
state to the House in what the delay in the evacuation of Spain
originated. But could he tell the House that any reliance was
to be placed in the assertions of France? The praises so un-
justly lavished upon the Duke D'Angouleme were in his mind
ittle merited. The House would remember that it was he who had
given up to the scanitlel the brave but unfortunate Riego—Biego,
whose only crime was the vindication of his country; and whose
memory was charged with cruelty, which they neva ventured to
bring aginst him while living. And here he should beg the
attention of the House to transactions with which he was 'ter-
minally concerned. Not that he was desirous of shrinking
from the responsibility of stating that part which he had acted
In those scenes. When an attempt was made to soap him
of the only remnant of honour left to him, as far as these
Despots of Europe were concerned, it wax natural that his feelings
should be somewhat excited. It would be necessary for him to
make a short statement, not with any vain or ostentatious purpose,
but simply to describe the circumstances under which these honours
were conferred on him.—/In this description the Hon. Gentleman
was so ioaudible in the Gallery as to render it quite impossible for
OS to follow hien.] lie dmetibed the various honours conferred
upon hitti by the .Sovereign/ af %mope, and the brilliant exploits
for which they had been Resigned to him, and then asked for what
isjurles he had been deprived of there honours ? The Hon. Gentl-
emen then described the eitaation in which his children—his two fe-
male children, were placed by the French custom-house officers.
They were seized just as they entered the packet, and conveyed as
criminals and searched, while the maid who acoompanied them was
not molested. For the conduct of the Hight Hon. Gentleman en
that subject he merited what he should ever feel towards him, the
greaten personal regard.
I.YTTI.EION observed, that he felt no disposition to
deny the gallant conduct and the distinguished spirit of the lion.
Carer who had just addressed them, and no man had a more
obvious right to assist Spain in her recent struggle. Ile was quite
sure too, that in the inaptitude, and indeed carelessness of liberty
which Spain manifested, the lion. Gentleman was in no respect a
participator, and that her degradation WAS to mote extent stayed
by his persevering effierts, in the advancement of her liberties. He
was sure that the House valid not expect him to follow the Noble
Lord through hie statement ; his historical research sheered in-
dustry indeed, but it seemed to hint misapplied on this subject.
It had no possible tronesion with &gremlin very simple question.
The occupation of Spain, and on the question of Spanish America,
his Right lion. Friend hal, four months before the American
President's speech was delivered, declared his sentiments, and the
determination of England with respect to those provinces ; but had
this country any reasonable apprehension fur jealousy? He thought,
on the contrary, that if the Right lion. Gentleman were the bit.
terest enemy of France, he could not inflict a greater punishment
on her thin by acquiescing in the occupation of Spain. The li.
betties of England would never be affected by such an occupation.
The Hon. Member moved an amendment to the following effect :
"That this House, being satisfied of the firmness and sound
policy which have guided Ids Majesty's Councils in respect to the
late hostilities between France and Spain, and considering the se-
veral s enditions with which his 31aJesty's declaration of neutrality
in that contest was qualified. secs nothing in the present circum-
stances that calls upon the House to express any apprehension of a
permanent military occupation of the Spanish territory by France."
Ale. AGOCII seconded the amendment. lie agreed with his
Hoooutable Friend who spoke last, in the encomium that he had
upon the Gallant (Mere ; but he resisted the motion of the
glitall lord, because he thought sufficient evidence of its necessity
had not been brought knitted. Ile agreed with the Honourable and
Gallant Officer in his hatred of the Holy Alliance, and reprobated
the unjustifiable system which sought to regulate the affairs of
Spain by the introduction of foreign bayonets.
The gallery was then ordered to be cleared for a division,
amid cries of ' question."
Mr. Secretary CANNING rose.—He was naturally anxious to
seise an opportunity ot engaging the attention of the House, be-
fore they came to decision on the motion which had been
that night submitted to them. Ile had imagined that when
the present motion wail brought forward, after so much menace
and fan much consideration, grounds would have heed laid for an
effective prosecution of the conduct of Government. Unless satin
strong case could have been made out—unless stone powerful
reason. in support of the motion could be 'adduced—be supposed
that the fate of one hapless victim, who, on a former might had
beetaificed (we believe hr red to simile° of Loon 'Nugent)
would have beighed with the obis Lord to desist from the pre-
sent motion. Honeys-, to his great isarprise, after it had been
understood out of doors that this was to be the great struggle—
that no division of exertion ',timid be permitted to divert their at-
tention from the effect of this night's attach-41m the resources
and strength of the flonottrable Gentlemen opposite were to be col-
lected and embodied for the present occasion ;—yet was the Noble
Lord not only left unsupported, but the address which was pro-
posed as an amendment was about to be permitted (before he had
risen) to pass silently in the affirmative. The present motion of
the Noble Lord could not be looked at as a proposition simply by
itself. It could not beotherwise regarded than as the last of &series
of propositions on this subject—he begged pardon liar saying the
last--he should have said, more properly, the third of a series oh pro-
positions, which had for their object to take back some of the re-
corded approbation of that House of the course which Ministers haul
adopted, and to unit: the settled opinions of the ceuntry of their
conduct. (Hear, hear.) When the great attack way made on the
conduct of Government on thit subject last mssion, lie could not
but recollect with what anticipations of triumph it had been accom.
partied. So high were the hopes and expectations of the lion. Gen.
tiemen opposite of victory, that they even anticipated, after the day
of battle, a remnant of him and his lion. le riend would not be
fount--and that even their ashes could not be collected—so signal
was the defeat they expected to achieve. lint the result was in the
recollection of the House--" r.rilar ergo ilk ca."
" Hide, blushing glory ! hide Pultowa's day !"
Never was there such an utter discomfiture, never a more complete
prollis"ation of numbers. (Cheers from the 31inisterial benches,
re-echoedmed he the Oppomitions Never, lie would repeat, was tb.no:
recorded in the pniceedinga of Parliametit so great a rout, as com-
pared with the anticipations of victory winch were previously
cherished by those who sustained defeat. (Applause.) After the
war had terminated, on the conduct of which the discussion he
alluded to arose, it might perhaps have been expected that some in-
sulated point would have beekeriected, with a view of showing
that Government, in some Instance or other, had departed from
that neutrality on which Government prolcuted to act. The pre-
sent motion was not of that character, but was one that embraced
a proposition in therenerai policy of which every person must apse,
namely, that it is the interest of this country thus the French
should not remain in pernianent possession of Spain. When Got
vernment took Wider its consideration the propriety of a MAMA!
policy, it of course contemplated the probability, in the event of
anythe success of France, that the French any should few mime time
remain in occupation of Spain. The period of their coi-
n:muse should be regulated by circumstances ; but the
real question for the House to consider, was whether, in the
occupation Spun', the French anny acted in any other spirit
than in that by which they professed their conduct to be re-
gulated, and whether their exertions and attention were turned
to other purposes than those foreseen by this country, when she
declared neutrality. (Hear, bear.) If the Noble Lord could die.
cover that any other purpose was entertained or acted upon ; if, in
I the conduct of the trench army, there was any e iclation of the
cooditions on which this country professed a neutral policy ; or if
he could dose that the French army occupied Spain so long as to
affect injeerientsly the interests of this country, then he might with
reason call upon Government to interfere with the King of France,
and require the evacuation of Spain. The Noble lend mad, that
he did not believe Ms viamersnese of Fames t yet lie called foe papers
containing these assurances. 'lime Noble Lend did not know that
Government were in INNSCIsital of any papers upon the subject. But
he (31e. tr.) would take the argument either way, and romuld sup-
pose either that they did to did not exist. Suppose then the first
case, that such papers are In existence, and that they contain an
assurance from 'France of the immediate evacuation of her army
from Spain. The production of such an assurance would not
satisfy the Noble Lord, from the noted distrust he entotains of the
good faith of France. I hi the other hand, 'emotive these papers not
to be inexistence, because it had not been found necessary to ask
for such reapers, die Noble Lord would again turn round mid lee
dissatisfied because they were not called for. In either event there
o-uld be little hope of pleasing or satisfying him. The next con-
sideration to which lie begged to call the attention of the House
was, that of the conditions by which this country qualified the
neutrality which she declared at the coneineecemeat of the
war between France rind Spain. These conditions were three-
fold, first, that the King of Portugal should not be interfered
with; perriondly, thin them should he no internee:nee with South
America ; and thirdly, that there should be no permanent
occupation of Spain by the French army. Of' these conditions
not one hail been violated or infringed upon. (Hear, hear.)
Suppose one of these conditions to have been fulfilled, and the twu
others in an uncertain state as to their Antiwar ; still this coun-
try would have no right to complain, as circumstances might arise
to create and justify the existing uncertainty. But not one only
had been complied with, but two of the conditions had already
been faithfully fulfilled—the protection of Portugal, and the non.
Interference of Fouler with ;south America. Of these, therefore,
weeould judge of the effect; and, in his opinion, their observance
sanctioned the resumption dish time remaining condition would be
complied with also. lf, therefore, France had bent found faithful
to her engagententa so far ; and if paramotint reasons warranted
the confirmed occupation of Spain by the French anew, what right. •
he would ask, had we w raise agnmodless suspicion dthe fidelity en'

her iatantions to ohersee the only redisiskeg esnallian on which we
had agreed to nettosfity.anlby ulna of ihatunprovoked suspicion,
call upon her for premelpse ifischusailans (Hear, hear.) It might
have happened that two mods tip quietism might hare been
proposed to him (Mr. Caring) relative to South America, and
that he could not then speak ea satisfactorily with regard to the
fulfilment of the condition, as regarded that part of the agreement,
as he perhaps now could. But as far as that condition, and the
other lie had adverted to bad been complied with, they should dis-
arm suspicion and inspire confidence; that the third madam) also
would issue in a eatialactory conclusion. (Hear, hear.) Indeed
there sere many reasons which should induce France to with-
draw her army. However, as that was a topic on which it may
not be easy to impress conviction on the minds of some
his hearers, he would only say that he would take the ins.
potation of wkatever credulity or weakness the opinion may
subject him to; but it was his sincere convie.ion that France
was at this moment anxious to terminate the occupation. But if
my advice were asked as to the propriety of the eithdrawal of her
arm!, as an English Minister, and as an honest man, my advice
would be, that she should not. In one sense he wished to see that
evacuation terminate, if the peace and tranquillity of Spain could
be secured by withdrawing it ; but in another sense, tiod forbid
that that occupation should terminate. This latter wjsh he enter-
tained, because it was to French influence, backed by the French
army, that whatever quiet now prevailed is Spain was mainly at-
tributable. 01 the original rise of tlie invasion in the first instance
hesentertained the same opinions that he had before expressed.
That was, however, now a
.question of former years. Ile would
not now renew the consideration of it; however, he would not shrink
from the avowal he had before made that it was undertaken and entered
upon on vicious principles. filuch as it was to be regretted that the
extremity of war was resorted to; yet, as an honent man, it was a
J sense of ustice he owed to the Bowe, and a debt of duty he owed
the country, to declare that there was nut to be found in the history
of any war, of any country, an instance in which the conquering
army conferred so little tummy or prevented so much. (Cheers.)
In looking to Spain, Cadiz prevented itself foremost to then at-
tention; it was a port connected extensively with British interests,
and therefore occupied their primary. attention. His Honourable
Friend (Sir 11. %V.) had stated that it would require 25,tiffil men to
garrison Cadiz effectively. Now there were not half that number of
troops in Cadiz. This poet derivtal additional im from the
fact of its having been the very root of all the imensions which
first provoked Intestine, and afterwards fomented foreign war.
llad*jos was not strongly garrisoned at present, and therefore it
could create no great anxiety about the number of men in
Cadiz, for without Radsjos being fortified and garrisoned, the most
conaumate General of the age had asoired him that lie should not
with any number of men, moldernot,
himself secure in Cali: I
Passing. however, from the subject of the distribution of the
French army. in Spain, to the more important one of the necessity
of their continuance there at present, it would be in the recollec-
Ikon of the House that the French' army entered Spain for the
protection of the priesthood and what was termed the fanatical party,
and against the liberal,; whereas they were now principally engaged I
in keeping down the excesses of these whom theyfirst went to succour
and relieve. They changed the position they first took in the
country, and became the friends and protectors of those in peace
whom they had subdued in the field. IVhen the rage of intestine I
discord had subsided, and when the prospect of tranquillity dawned !
upon that unfortunate country,pmel not until then, could the French
army, with benefit to Spain herself, be withdrawn ; that day he
hoped was not far distant, and then he (Mr. Canning) would be as
happy to hear that the French army were withdrawn, as the Noble
Lord could possibly be. As this question had been largely sub-
mitted to the House this evening, and it had not been thought
proper to admit the difficulties web which Government had to con-
tend in carrying their plan of neutrality into effect, he begged to
any that they were surrounded by great difficulties. He would wish
to convey by a familiar Maturation the nature of those difficulties.
Suppose two private families entered into an agreement to peewee
a fflendly. intercourse, that they had resolved not to annoy each other,
yet in spite of their friendly disposition suppose that some member
of the family had thought proper to break down a fence, or to com-
mit some act which was a breach of the agreement entered into :
the person by a member of whose family the injury had been
done, should, in his opinion, go a little way to show that he at least
was sincere in his part in forming the bond of amicable union.
Now, with no disrespectful allusion to his Honourable Friend (Sir
R. Wilson) for whom he entertained a sincere regard and esteem
that nothing was likely to efface, yet he must say that his Honour.
able Friend was in his own person a great impediment to the nr-
rangemenus of the agreement to observe a strict neutrality which
this country had resolved upon. The Noble hard (Lord Nugent)
opposite was an enormous breach of it (Much laughter.) The
motives which might have actuated the Noble Lord and his
Honourable Friend were no doubt good, and creditable to
themselves; yet, the effect of their motives was a most serious
inconvenience to the country and the fulfilment of the declared
disposition of the country. He begged leave to read the opinion '
of an eminent jurist ( fair!!), whose authority was not inferior to
that of a more modern writer, to whom his Honourable and
Leaned Friend (Sir J. Mackintosh), on a former debate adverted,
in quoting whom he read a passage which appeared, as his lion.
anti Learned Friend read it, to be the opinion of the State' of Hol-
land as well as: of the writer, but which he (Mr. C.) bate:alto
he the opinion of the writer only. The Right II on. Gentleman then
read a passage from Vinci''s work to the effect " that Nature did not
empower any rout to exercise his own judgment and discretion in
matters which related to the community in which be lived. Neither
did a man possess the right of carrying on war. Cases of private
rcncontre might occur which the law could not reach, but the opi-
nior s of the legislative body, or of the Sovereign, or of both, ac-
cording to the ealabliahed governments of diffoent countries,
should- bind the individual members of that government in obe-
dience to its injunctions," &c. How were such opinion* as these
reconcilable with the conduct of his lion. Friend ? And what must
be the edict created in the minds of a foreign country, to whom we
had annnunced our determination to preserve a strict neutrality,
when they heard that a distinguished individual of this country
had gone to aid their enetny, in defiance of that neutrality, sanc-
tioned by the King, acclaimed by the Parliament, and approv-
ed by the whole country 2 And the appearance of his Hon. Friend
was attended with the effects his presence was calculated to create;
for by his going to ('urunna, such was the sensation excited by his
presence there. that it drew down the war into that place Into which
otherwise be (Mr. Canning) helicon! it would not have been car-
ried on and conducted. The effect was not unlike that produced
by those who are subject to a complaint with which he was some-
times afflicted—they knew that when disease affected the head or
any other part of the system, it was drawn to the feet by the ap-
plication of a blister. (A laugh.) Thus did his Honourable
Friend draw down the calamities of war to (amnia. But,
whilst he, with a prodigal expenditure of himself, thought it
his duty to devote himself to this service, he (Mr. Can-
ning), as the Minister of this country, had also a duty to per-
form; and he felt that these exertions were in same degree a
departure from that strict neutrality upon which we had de-
clared we would act ; and inasmuch as it was a departure
from that neutrality, it was pro tauto a humilistion of us ;
and pro Melo also disenabled us from taking that commanding
post and station which we might otherwise assume. It entitled
Femme to call upon us to account fur such conduct; and gentlemen
who were so loud and anxious that we should adopt a high
tone, must bear in mind that we cannot, with any degree
of credit, blow extenuation' in one breath, and bluster in the
next. ( Hear, hear.) Stich explanation was not called for by
France; but he (Mr. Canning) felt it his duty to write to our Ant-
broader at Paris, directing him, in the strongest terms, to dir.
claim on the part of tiovernment any participation in the views of
that individual, and to exam their mat ked disapprobation at his
conduct. He should here state that the despatelm and letters were
sect to England by his Hon. Friend, under the protection of his
cover. lle at first hesitated as to the propriety of sending them to
their respective ammo(' destination, but a sense of private honour
prevailed over official considerations, and they were all, he could
assure his his lion Friend, fars-.nled minnow to their respective
directions. %%last his lion. Friend espoused the cause at Cotrunna,
there arose in another quarter another luminary, against whom,
although lie (lid not undergo tin the part of Government a distinct
and set:ante disclaimer, yet the par; he took on that occasion was
too important to be passed over unnoticed. lie entered boldly
into the cause, a ith as much military intention, although lie could
not undertake to say, with as much military elEict as his lion.
Friend. (.t laugh.) The history of this chivalrous adven-
ture deserved to be recorded. It happened one day, about the
middle of last July, that the heavy Falmouth coach (much laughter)
was observed to be laden with a more than usually heavy burden.
Inside there was a lady of considerable size, nod a gentleman of
similar dimensions, who it was said war about to transport his
bodily powers to the support and as:Coerce of a foreign country.
A heavy van necontpanied the coach ; it (imitable(' a box, which,
although he could not undertake to say, that, like the Hying-box I
of the conjurer, it possemed the power of loco-motion, yet within
he was credibly informed there was carefully packed up a high.
feathered helmet, s bids in beauty and elegance might rival '
the fabled helmet of the " Castle of Otranto. (filuch laughter.)
With the helmet and the uniform of a Spanish General, did thin
dietingeished peroinage set off to the succour of a bl. Aided town. I
(Liontease laughing.) 'Fite Right Hon. Gentleman proceeded,
amidst peals of laughter from both sides of the House, in a (rosin
of' much lively merriment, to describe the progress of this ',doubted
custijutor in the same cause as his Honourable Friend; and
after regretting the inconvenience which they both oecasiooed
the Government. he adverted to the apprehended interference
of France with South America. Such a scheme was never, he
believed, seriously entertained. It was visionary—utterly so.
No design of interposing its any degree was at all lisrboured, and
au undue interference with that coutitry was what he not only be.
lieved would be unproductive of benefit to them, but was what he
believed they never intended.
Stnliont orantes prima transminere mature
Trndebant que manusripte ulteriorir amore."
England and France approximated in their views towards America
tenor than any of the other European powers, and he even doubted
the capacity of the Allies to ettliot such an object. They saw the
folly of the undertaking and that it was not their interest to pursue it.
(in the grounds which he had stated, lie thought he was entitled for
himself, and for his Majesty's Ministers, tu look for the continuance
of that confidence with which they had hitherto been honoured by
the I louse and the country. He sought not to extort any expression
unfairly from them, but if they had proceeded on principles calcu-
lated to promote the national interests, and preserve the national
interests—if no just grounds of occultation hail been made against
them, not even a prima facie case prefored —if on I • he impute-
tion were made lightly, and grounded only on vague suspicion,
he called upon the justice of the House to continue them in their
conlitlence. (('hem.)
Sir R. WILSON explained.
Sir J. 3LICKINTOSH did not expert a triumph ins Hoene
constituted such as they long knew the present to be. Ile and the
friends with whom he acted only hoped to enter then protest
in what they had fonuerly done, against principles hostile to
freedom anti subversive of national independence. The Right
!immutable Secretary had told us that the French UOTCII3-

meet were solicitous that their should evacuate Spain; the
'eloquence of the Hight Hon. lien woe great, his *wheat.
was great ; but if he could persuade the House that Francel really solicitous to render Spain independent, he would acrAlepbeh
a miracle. He had stated that there was no ease made nut for the
motion of his Noble Friend ; he denied this i there were, beekke
the three distinct cases mooted in the despatch of Sir Charles Stt.
the case of troops sent to South America by France, which be
tended was a very strong one. If it was admitted that when
considerable body of Spanialt troop' were lent to South Ameries,
they were to be looked upon as French troops—lf at the mthiteet
when Spain was threatening South America by her prnclainsebee
the presence of the French army in Spain was calculated le gi;;
effect to these pnwlaniations, then was the motion of his Nettie
Friend well funded. The Right Hon. Secretary, in itimt of the
amendment, had said that the motion might excite jealousy jj, the
French Government if it were acceded to. France roust know that
this country always looked with jealousy to the occupation of Spain
by her. The Right lion. Gentleman had referred to the paper, as
vie table ; he did not know what they were; they might contain •
direct refusal to evacuate the Spanish territory ; they .night excite
suspicion with respect to France; they might tend to allay that sue.,
;noon. He would contend that no part of the speech of his Noble
'Mend had the %lightest tendency of • hostile character. The only
I objection that had been urged against the motion was, that it bore
the appearance of hostility to the Government, and that was the
answergiven toevery great question emanating from that sideafthe
I House. In his opinion the voice of that House was not merely roe,
lined to the impeachment or to the removal of 3linisters, but k say
the great Council of State to advise the King on the conduct of the
Executive Government; at least such wasconstitutioaal view
which he took of its power sad authority.
The cries of •' Question" here became very load and geneval, and
laird J. RUSSELL rose to reply, which he did very briefly, He
reprobated the practice that had of late become very prevalent with
his Majesty's Government of moving asnandments, day after day,
the tendency of which ammendments was, to pledge the Hoene sf
Commons to the approval of the measures of that (imminent.
With respect to the maceration, of the Right Hon. the Secretary or
State for Foreign Affairs, he dated J. Russell) would state, that in
the tone and manner in which he had made those remarks, he had
sought a specirs of approbation quite unworthy of him. After a
few more observations, the Noble Lord stated that he would not
divide the House.

The amendment was then put and curial without a division.
NEW COURTS OF JUSTICE.
Mr. RANKS moved, that a Committee should be appointed
to examine the accounts of the Courts of Justice now building is
Palace-yerd, end report their observations to the House.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER requested that
his Honouroble Friend would postpone his motion to some other
dap. He could not state that he had env valid grounds of oppo.
sham to it, as he was not furnished with.sulficient information so
the subject; he had not prepared himself for the dimusias
of the question this evening, es he had not supposed that
there would have been an opportunity of bringing it forward ; he
i therefore hoped that he would withdraw it for the present. and re.
new it some day nest week.
' Mr. BANKS was anxious that the subject should be brought
forward as early as possible, as he considered that the building
now going forward were in the extreme of bed taste. The pipers
relative to them were only presented yesterday, and he had instant-
ly given notice of this motion.
The CHA NCE LIAM of the EXCHEQUER pledged himself
that the works should be discontinued until atter an investigation
had taken place, so that no Inconvenience would be sustained by the
delay ; and, after a taw more observations, it wee agreed that the
matter should undergo a discussion on Tuesday nest.

fur 11 pr
i:kg Ft suer
At • hututurtt It
Irrach ath
Owls bAlei
ham) in 14
DV nun ea
thruugh
My, , 4
