PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS.

The returns moved for of the amounts of exports and
imports of .different branches of commerce have been laid
before the House of Commons. The following is an ab-
stract of the different tables

OZNEVA SPIRITS.—The quantity of Geneva spirits used for
home consumption in the year ending Jan. 5, 1826. was 131,283
gallons. The entire quantity imported was 590.155 gallons, of
which 368.1172 gallons were exported. The annual average home '
consumption of the last ten years was 117,401 gallons, the highest
year being 11119, when it was 143.2112 gallons: the lowest is 1822,
39,131 gallon. From the year 1777 to 1786, the average annual
consumption was 80,362 gallons; but during the whole of that
period not 10.000 gallons were exported. From 1786 to 1796. the
imports and exports were considerable, and the annual average
home consumption 414.891 gallons. From 1796 to 1806, the im-
wins were very great, and about 800.000 gallons were exported.
The annual average consumption was 724,351 gallons. From
1807 to 11116, the average annual consumption was 272,893.
BRANRY.—The. quantity of brandy imported from the year
1607 to the year 1816 was 17,519,611 gallons; the quantity export-
ed was 6,935,608 gallons ; the annual average home consumption
was 1,102,583 gallons. From the year 1817 to 1826, the quantity
imported was 18,499,240 gallons; the quantity exported was
6,138,369 gallons; the annual average home eonaumption was
1,058,576 gallons. . . .

Rtsi.-fThe quantity of rum imported from the year 1807 to
the year 1816 was 61,249.738 gallons ; the quantity exported was
19,691,438 gallons; the annual average home consumption was
4,177,1913 gallons. The quantity imported from 1817 to 1826 was
64,113,313 gallons; the quantity exported was 25.5211.185 gallons;
tht annual average home consumption was 2,7114,534 gallons.
TEA.—The quantity of tea imported from the year 181)7 to the
rear 1816 was 2313,656.9 a lbs. The quantity exported was
44,917.461 lbs.; the annual average home consumption was
98,280,754 'ha. The quantity imported from 1817 to 1826 was
217,641,131 lbs. The quantity exported was 44.255,684 lbs.; she
manual average home consumption was 22.750,m3
TOBACCo.—The quantity of tobacco imported from the year 1807
to the year 1826 was 453,689.483 lbs. The quantity exported in a
raw state during the same period was 234,448,131 lbs. The quan-
tity exported in • manufactured state was 1.901,615 lbs. The an.
nual average home consumption wa.s 13,272,952 lbs.
Orix, AND lIAKD iVOODS.—The amount of duty paid
upon fir, oak, and other hard woods imported from Europe, Africa,
and America, in the year ending the 511 January. 1824. was
752,7861. 195.34. In the !:ear ending the sth January, 1025,
8001291. 9s. Bid. • and in the year ending the sth January, 1026,
1,966,4371. 16e. tit.

MANUFACTURE OF PARLIAMENTARY PETITIONS.—A
countryman was boasting a few days since, that he had
signed no less than four petitions in one day, " twa to the
House o' Lords, and twa to the House o' Commons."
" And what were they about, Thomas ?" a neighbour
asked. "Oh ! for emancipation to the slaves and the sina'
notes." " And what ken ye about either slavery or sma'
notes, Thomas ?" " Deel, gin the truth were kept, John,
unto little ; but I did the ane to please the Minister, and
the tither to please the Laird."—Perth Courier.
Lira Pass RVER.—We feel much satisfaction in calling
the attention of our readers to an advertisement which ap-
pears in this day's paper, of one of the moat useful and in-
genious inventions, by a Lieutenant in the Royal Navy of
the name of Cook, that we have witnessed for many years,
for the purpose of stopping carriages of all descriptions, in
the event of the persons in them having the misfortune to
be sitting behind a runaway horse. It is most simple in
its construction, and at the same time highly effective for
answering the desired end. The patentee (Lieut. Cook)
is the same individual who has received such valuable and
highly distinguished marks of Royal favour from the late
Emperor Alexander of Russia and the King of the Nether-
lands, for that excellent invention for the preservation of
persons from shipwreck, called the night life buoy.
DISTRESSING EVENT.—We have to communica•e the
painful intelligence of the loss in the West Indies of five
Missionaries of the Wesleyan connexion, with the wives of
two of' them, four children, and two servants. They hail
been to the district meeting field at St. Kitt's, and were
returning in the Mail-boat to their several stations, when
they were overtaken by a storm, the boat driven on a
shoal, and all on board p.,risbecl, except Mrs. Jones,
who was saved, after being three days on the wreck. In
consequence of the non-arrival at Antigua of the mail-
boat, an agent was sent in quest of it, when Mrs. 3ones
was found on the wreck in a state of the moat complete ex-
haustion. Her hush. tuil (lied in her arms the preceding
night. Names of the sufferers :—Mr. and Mrs. White, with
three children and servant ; Mr. Jones, Mr. Hillier, and
Mr. Oke. Mr. and Mra. Jones were natives of the Pot-
teries.—Pottrry Mercury , April 19.
Tuesday last, Mary Rust (23 years of age), from the
parish of Isleham, was committed to Norwich Castle, charged with
haslet; wilfully administered to her husband a quantity of arsenic,
•'tith intent to kill him.

Mrs rEttlora lien rtf.—Tuesday week, an inquest was
held on the body of J. Edwards, a turncock. belonging to the Bootle
water-works, Liverpool. The deceased lived to a small cottage in
Crosby-street, and on Saturday morning, about ten o'clock, he was
found in the bottom room of his cottage, in a state of insensibility.
his skull being fractured to extern. His wife had been for
some time Confined to her bed Up stairs by illness. It was not then I
known how he had got his wounds. but he had not been in bed
during the night. Surgical assistance was yilcured, but the de-
ceased remained insensible until Sunday morning, when he died.
On Monday his head was opened by the direction of the Comte-,
and an extensive wound found on his skull, and the brain was
raptured. The police were only able to prove, that on Fri-
day night, the deceased being in a Slate of intoxication,
was found by a person, named Pointz, insulting a married
woman in Park-lane, and on Pon= interfering a stutie took
place, in which they fell down ; a person, nanted Toner, then
came up and separated them, when the deceased struck him.
Toner then gave the deceased in charge of a watchman, but
upon going to the Bridewell, in Brick-street, Toner finding
the deceased to have received some blows in the scuffle with
Points, allowed him to go at liberty. The Iltidewell keeper
offered to send a watchman home with him. but he declined the
offer, and set off by himself. From this time until he was
found in a state of insensibility, in his own cottage, on Satur-
day morning, at ten o'clock, nothing was known of him. The
surgeon atived, that the deceased must have received injury subse-
quently to his leaving the 81.41121cl:11, because the wounds in his
head were of such a nature that it was impossible he could have
walked home from the Bridewell if lie had received them at that
time. There being no further evidence, the Jury returned a ver-
diet, " That the deceased died from certain wounds in the head,
but how he received them, or by whom inflicted, there was no evi-
dence to show."—Livergovl Paper.

COMBINATION OF COLLIERS.

[From the Clargois Chronicle of Tuesclay.l

Yesterday morning, the arrival of workmen from all manta the
country, to he employed as free labourers at the works of Colin
Dunlop, Esq. of Clyde Den Works. WAR quite unprecedented.
By six o'clock, nearly five hundred able-bodied men were esteem-
bled, awaiting the decision of the public-spirited proprietor. The
guard established for the protection of the new workmen were mus-
tered at half-past four o'clock yeaterday morning, and 11r. 31•Xicol
stationed one detachment at the works, and in person cotnutantled
two detachments, with twen.y rounds of ba'l.cartridge, accom-
panied by ten special constables, who were selected to seourthe
high and low roads leading from Candschie to the iron works.
The guard were of the melt efficient service in that quarter, at,
although bonds of sulk .looking men were to be occasionally seen
skulking about the highways, the nsw workmen passed unmolested,
in consequence of the ample protection affinded them. The new
hands continued to pour in till ten o'clock, when there was such a
complete overflow of applicants, that it was deemed advisable to
concentrate the gnarl around :the works, and a selection w.is made
of the moat able-bodied workmen, consisting of labourers, weavers,
and unassociated colliers, to commence operation. in the pits.
The new workmen, in the lilghest spirits, with their new
mplements, immediately desce 'fled the great staircase lead-
ng to the various mines. and commenced the working of
coal. A strong party of the guard, attended by special consta.
blea, were stationed at the top to secure the most complete ingress
and egress to the new hands. In the forenoon, 40 unassociated col-
liens were engaged, and 200 of the most robust and best looking
workmen to be found in this country were hired to begin opeiations
on Thursday morning, when tht remaining implements will he
finished. Although the smiths in the neighbourhood have Win em-
pinyed incessantly night and day, they have been able only to corn-
plot one-half of the picks required, and hence several hundreds of
well disported workmen, with Miost excellent certificates of character
tram their respective elders, were obliged to be refused employment
fora few days. There were a nuntb,:u of unassociated colliers and
labourers from Hamilton, Strathaven, Airdrie, Commie, Johnston,
and other places, and those omit capable were selected. The col-
lien' combination being completely broken major kepirewalnro.br.
the Introduction of free labourers, the applicantsi from that enmity
were numerous and pressing. Many of the poor workmen had been
all Mein on the road ; and it was truly distressing for .31r., Dunlop
to have to reject such deserving men. As many as could be accept.
ed of were employed, and those who were not required were,
with Mr. Dunlop a usual htnnanity ordered to be presented with
Is. 6d. each man for his trouble. The labourers and weavers who
so meritoriously came forward to tender their servlces, thottii too
late, were e also liberally presented with Is. each to procure them a
breakfast. All the new hands accepted of are paid 2s. lid. a.dcy
till they are fit for piece-work, and the collier who teaches the men,
bssides his premium, is to receive all the coals they put out, and
pay them only Is. Bd. a-day, 3lr. Dunlop paying them the re-
maining 10d. Certainly nothing can be more praiseworthy than
the courageous and excellent course pursued by the workmen on
this occasion. The contemptible tureats and intimidations of the
combinatory, whose sole object is to keep the industrious and well-
behaved workmen out of a well paid trade, that they might enjoy
it exclusively, were easily Rein through and spurned at, and alcove
one thousand voluntarily appeared to offer their service+ where t bey
could be disposed of to such decided advantage. The combined
colliers are in a state of desperation. They are loitering gloomily
about, and brooding over the deplorable condition to which they
are reduced by their infatuated leaders. Yesterday an aggregate
meeting was held in the vicinity orfollcross, when the members
were advised to do what they could to obtain work, and those un-
employed would receive whatever assi.tance the combination could
afford. The bands of new workmen that were peacefully passing
along in the face of the combined gave the denth-hlow to their
foolish resolves. Yesterday afternoon a number of the houses from
which the refractory colliers were ejected, were occupied by the
new workmen and their families, and were completely protected
during the night by the pin]. It will certainly be extraordinary
if such a number of unemployed persona as are to be seen roaming
about in idleness in that vicinity can long maintain themselves in
such estate; and the Immediate dissolution of this mischievous
confederacy is one of the sure results of the energetic line of con-,
duct pursued by Mr. Dunlop.

Two years ago, the colliers received 10d. for the out-put of a cart
of hard coal. They now exact 2s. 6d. for the same work. Three
carts of coal is an easy day's work. This would amount to 7s. tid.
The reduction made- by Mr. Dunlop would still leave them fis. •
dsy, if they chose to work. Since the formation of the combination,
the colliers have not on an average wrought six days a fortnight,
and even when they went down the pit, they slid a third less of the
usual labour. The furnaces were repeatedly interrupted for want
of a regular supply of fuel. The colliers would not deign to mention
the days they intended to remain idle—the hill men, and others
employed above ground, were kept constantly hanging on to await
the pleasure of the colliers, and the proprietor was. in consequence,
put to double the expense in keeping these men ; for, if the colliers
had wrought regularly, one. half of them would have been sufficient.
Spite days the colliers would put out a small quantity of coal.
other days more, the out-put being entirely governed by the grand
committee. This completely perplexed those employed about the
furnaces. A small tire was only kept on till the process of melting
the iron commenced, and often the stock of coals would have run
short of the quantity required. The prime cost of manufacturing
iron was 21, a ton more than formerly, in consequence of the
hight rate paid for working coal. In Clyde Iron Works about
W O tons of ..pig-iron are manufactured in a week. and here
was an additional levy on the proprietor of 23 W. for the
out-put of coal ; and in addition to this exorbitant rise, he was
badly served, and the business of the establishment subjected to
vexatious impediments. This system dragged on for some time,
till the reaction of the paper currency having lessened the demand,
and lowered the value of iron, it became impracticable to manu-
facture that metal at the present high rate of working coal without
incurring a heavy loss. In these circumstances, there was no al-
ternative but to reduce the value of labour, nr cease working. Pig
iron, which sold last year so high as 141. a ton, has tillers to W.
191. a ton. There are nearly seven hundred men employed by Mr.
Dunlop ; of these tour hundred are colliers, anti the remainder
iron-stone miners and labourers about the works. If he had not
promptly replaced the discarded colliers by new workmen, these
three hundred; men and their families would all have been
thrown idle by the measures or the combination ; but this calamity
will be averted by the flea hands keeping up te usual supply of
coals. Mr. Wilson, the judicious manager of the works, has en-
gaged a number of weavers from the country, who were formerly
collier+, but could nut get back to their old trade when the weaving
became bad, in consequence of the heavy sum demanded by the
combination for liberty to work. These unassoeimed colliers are
eagerly embracing the present opening; and Mr. Wilson has pro-
nosed them a handsome premium for every new collier they teach
within a certain time. The guard, for the protection of the works
anti the new workmen, is tow on regular duty night and day, and as
most of them are old soldiers,they go through their manoeuvres in the
true military style. A portion of them are stationed at the works,
and a strong party surround the houses occupied by the new
workmen. (Inc of the houses has been converted into a guard-room.
The men are well-armed with guns, bayonets, pistols, and swords.
They have comfortable houses to sleep in when off duty. A store
has been opened at Clyde Iron Works, so that the new workers will
have provisions of all kinds at hand. When once the new work-
men are fairly established, Mr. Dunlop intends to station the guard
in the centre of the village of Tollcross, where he has nearly two
hundred houses, and to fill them with new workmen in the same
manner as he is filling the houses tn the immediate vicinity or the
works. This will be attacking the combination in its strung hold,
that quarter being the most determined in keeping up theexclusive
system. The old colliers looked quite aghast when the guard with
the ammunition and stores were marching through tire village.. All
was silent as death, except some hooting from children. It is very for-
tunate for these colliers, thrown out of work by their own folly, or
that of their advisers, that, through the good offices of the Provost
of Montrose, they have still on hand the plate intended to be pre-
sented to Mr. home. As it is now quite useless for its original
purpose, it would be advisable, in the present melancholy exigency,
to get it melted down, and sold as old silver, and appropriated to
the necessities of the subscribers.

The colliers of AIL Gray, of Carntyne. amounting to about ISO.
are still idle. As Sir. Way has a rock of 6l:110 carts of coals, be
will act as on former occasions—lease the deluded men by bitter
experience to discover their error.

The are out of employment have great cause to rejoice that
the work atrordeci to them in the quarry is under en judicious a
management. Everything is done for their relief that is jw,titied
by prudence. Yesterday, between five and six hundred were busy
breaking stones.

DIRTRESS IN SPIT AI.FIT LllS.—[AdVertiSClTiellt.]—We
understand that upwards of :woo/. worth of rich silks, satins, and
gauzes, barege de sole, gros des lmles, shawls, &c. &c., are now
selling without the least reserve, by commission. for the relief of
the distressed Spitallields manuticturers, at Shear's and Co.'s,
No. 120, Regent-street. the goods are warranted to be of the
most fashionable description, and will be sold for less than half
they cost making.

MYOTERIOt'S DEATH.—B. Brook, of Longwood; near
Huddersfield. cloth hawker. WAR tumid drowned in a pond, Selby,
Monday week. His son slept with him on the preceding evening,
and from his account, it appears his fathat lea him 'in bed, and
soon after he heard that he was drownnd. Some bntises were dis-
covered on the person of the deceased, and a sum of money was
missing, which it is known he had in his possesion the evening
before, at a late hour. i'nfavourable surmises, we understand, are
afloat, respecting the sun, from the circumstances of his having
money upon him to a larger amount than on the day previous to his
father's death, and from his having made strange and contradictory
stivernents.—Lceds Intelhgenccr.

ANTIQUITIEB.—On Friday week, a gentleman visited
Lingwnod (late, near Wakefield, and found in a particular part of
a tield-of former discoveries, then in an arable state, eight or tan
perfect clay moulds for Roman coins, and about thirty broken
pieces of the same deserip.ion of mould ; also a piece of a crucible,
which probably had been broken by a plough-share. On the 13,h
3lnrch 1821, a wheelbarrow full of these moulds was found in the
same li Id, together with four crucibles all perfect. Three of them
had lids or covers. The same year, one crucible with some moulds
was sent to the .Antiquarian Sueiety, Somerset House, and another
to the British Museum. riough's Camden Brit. vol. 3. p. 279,
states, that " between Wakefield ()Inwood and Thorp on the Hill.
at Lingwood (fate, were found in Ifilf7 certain clay moulds for Bo-
man coins, all of such I.:mile/ors in whose reigns the money is
known to have been counterfeited."
