, superior
their libersl

Exchange was
a was the first
Society at Bal-
r any con-
praiseworthy Insti-
tution, _ begged At the health of its
Members, and to present them his sincerest thanks.
His Excellency then got up, and having begged
permission to give 44 Prosperity to the Fair of Bid-
linaske, with three times Arm," he assisted in
cheering the toast in the most animated manner,
and retired with his friends and suite amidst ap-
proving peals of continued acclamation.
It was very gratifying to thole who assisted in
conducting the arrangements, to find that their
efforts seemed to give general satisfaction.
The rooms had been newly painted, and were
laid out and lighted to the best advantage. The
Talbot Poises (flour beautiful cups) ornamented
the sideboard. The sumptuous Vase presented by
the Staffordshire Agricultural Society to his Excel-
lency, and by his kind permission conveyed to Idal-
lina►loe, ornamented the centre of the pier, be-
tween the folding doors, and was lighted so as to
display its brilliancy.

On Thursday the Cattle Fair took place. His
Excellency and his visitors were in the Fair Green
at an early hoar: they examined, with great atten-
tion, almost every lot in the fair, and vermeil much
pleased with their littoral appearance. The num-
ber of oxen WIl. W. Ilion VIIII*I---that of heifer.
greater: the total slumber much beyond that of
ether years. The prime lots sold in the morning
ut high prices—one lot of bullocks exceeded 21/.
per beast ; soil a very large lot of heifers sold at
sixteen Kuinest,eneh. It was considered that the
advance beyond last year's prices, was about 4ov.
each upon good cattle—mid more, in proportion,
upon those of inferior quality ; but for this descrip-
tion there was a hanging sale, and great numbers
left the fair unsold.

alUdkiiit.;f:;;.so"l:l :171.0 Tuts' sold
4)1" unsold . ••** • • 1.368 t Total untold..." 2,520
Cows dotty

Grand krtal 6,010

The sales were from ten pounds to twenty-one
ponied,. per lieust.—The average sale of cattle for
slaughter, shove 40s. per cwt.
With respect to the exhibition of stocit in the
Shew-yord, though Owe were many valuable alai-
noels, it wa• not so numerous or attractive as on
other occasion., from the circum►tance of its being

chiefly confined to males. on the principle or not
holding nut a temptation to injure r breeding
stock, by too high feeding.
The she* of tuts was considered very creditable.
This Alerting of the Snciety was one of the 'nog
'twin-rims and rtspecteble that ever occurred at

134R8Ab0E.3. •
EXTRACT rr.om THE REPORT OP A SELECT com-
mun.& OF THE HOUSE OF ASSEIIIIILT, APOWNT-
RD TO INQUIRE: INTO THE ORIGIN, CAININ,
AND PROGRES4 Op TIIR LATE INSURIEL‘TION
IN BARBADOES, ISM

The Committee apt sowed to inquire into the
origin and canses of ilre late insurrection of the
slows, and in revolt the same (as they shall up- '
pear to them) to the Clouse, have proceeded to the
examination of witsiesies, whole evidence is here-
unto annexed, end hove unanimously agreed to the
following Report :
it appears to your Committee, that on the even-
ing of the 14th of April, 1816, an insurrection
' commenced innongit the Negroes in the parish of
St. Philip, which extended itself, during the
course of that night and the following days, into the
adjoining parishes of Christ Church, St. Julia, and
St. George. That the first check was put to the
progress or the insurgents on the Monday forenoon,
its the parish of Christ Church ; and that the nowt.-
pectic's, was almost entirely suppressed by the night
of the following Tuesday.
That, during this period of anarchy and con-
fusion, nearly the whole of the four largest and
most valnable parishes exposed to the ravages of
the insurgents the cities upon one-fifth of the
estates of the island burnt—the dwelling-houses
sud buildings upon a great number broken open
or destroyed—the white inhfulatants (many of whom
escaped with difficulty), either compelled to seek
their safety in flight, and leave their properties a
prey to these infuriated ravagers, or condentned to
he the witnesses of their destruction--and the loss
of property to the amount of 170,0001.—were the
immediate effects of ea tossurrection. which has de.

prised the colony of nearly 100 of its fined shiver,
and in its ulterior consequences has brought nu

heavy expense upon its iolii;hitaiits, and aivena rude
shock to the whole system of British colonization
in the West Indies.

An attempt was made on Monday the 15th, to
raise the eteridard of rebellion in some of the more
remote parts of the island ; and the cane* were set
fire to upon two estates in the parish of Saint Lucy,
which is situated in its farthest extremity ; but its
the whole of the militia had before that time betu
embodied, this act of insubordination was quickly
suppressed, and no further movements of the kirld
appear to have bean made iw that norisb. • • "
It appears to your Committee that, towards the
latter end of the year 1815. it report became gene-
rally prevalent among the slaves of this Wend. that
she benefits of freedom would probably he extend-
ed to them, through the interposition of the friends
sd the Wachs in Englaud ; mei the ensuing festival
ofChelstmu, or the first sby of the new year, were
respectively reported as the times at which it might
Da expected that a period would be put to their
ileenry.
This vague hope (sod uncertain prospect) of fore.
dom seethe, although generally diffused, to hive
been more Particularly inipressegl upon the mifills
of the slaves in the Windward Varieties. combined
utiehllte *Aim, that active exertions were making
by the tektite inhebitateleraf the bland, as well as by
incle.progssietafeill WI, resident isallapircto Pet
venttlais favourable interference in tbeir begat( ; aid •
the whole was streagtheneel by she issforsissiou,isa-
ported by some free neople of colour, as well as by
some of the most daritig of the slams (who had
gained an ascendancy overtheir fellows by being
enabled to read arid write). and' statOd to have
been obtained from the English newspapers.
which were occasionally produced and read, in
order. 'mit should seem, to enforce conviction on
the minds of the hearers. That difficulties might
occur before the attainment of this desired object,
was sometimes allowed ; the probable necessity
which might exist of an ultimate exertion of force
to combat the utiwillitignees. resistance. or intrigues
of their owners. was I d at ; allusions, were made
to the succeuful exercise of it, as &hewn in the un-
happy events which betel a neighbouring colony;
and the example of Saint Domingo was held nut
to the slaves as worthy of imitation. and as exhibit-
ing a prospect of success which they might reason-
ably hope to emulate.
It further appears, that the periods originally
pointed out as the probable extinction of slavery.
havirig passed over, none of the hopes so falsely
raised and so fondly entertained hawing been rea-
lised, the former impressions still remaining un-
shaken on the minds of the Piave., and their ex-
pectations being deferred, rendering them niore
anxious and more desperate. early in the chim-
ing year the necessity of recurring to force was
more openly avowed and inculcated. the mode
of destruction by fire specifically pointed out,
and the following festival of Easter announced
as the time beyond which forbearance would uo
longer be extended, should their hopes not have
been realised. As this period gradually approach-
ed, the interviews and communications between the
priucipal slaves in that part of thecountry portico-
truly destined to be the scene of these unhappy out-
rages. became more frequent—the project of born.
iug the canes and buildings on the different estates
was more generally communicated—the co-opera-
tion of some few of the free people of colour was
promised—and even particular preps of trash were
pointed out. the setting fire to which was to he the
signal for a general conflagration.
Such, it appears. bring the plan proposed and
adopted by the self-constituted leaders of the in-
surrection, and such being the hopes and expec-
tations diffused through the general man of the
strive population, that is favourable result would
await their exerhons, early on the evening of Easter
Day. fires were lighted ill several parts of the parish
of Saint Philip, as the signal,' of revolt ; and, be.
fore day-break oil the foltroving moraing, the whole
of that rich and retensive parish became a prey to
flames and pillage, which were extruded, during
the retninsider of that and the following day, tutu
alba weigibeariag parishes.

VIE TURF.

NEWiIARSET THIRD 6CTOBER, Oft HOUGHTON

- .

MONDAY, OCTOST.R 26.
Handicap tOrrpStaktieSpworaoglOrr..
Tcse(ll7., fur 3-yr olds sod
Mr. Vsnsitturt's 21Im, 3.yrs old. 7st.lllh l'
Mr. Trrrett's Sovereign, bp. old, 9st. nib..." .
Mr. Rusted lidivrerts.-nrstr7„4.yrs old, 7st. 121 b 3
Mr. Charlton's I)switt„4-yrs old, Est feb.
air. Pitroo's Minstrel, 3-yr. old, 7st. 61b.
Mr. Tltoriihili's Steeltriso, 3-yrs old, 7.1. 4th.
Mr. Nortlirv's r. by Gloomy'', 3.yrs odd, 7st.
Mr. Cossets's r. by F.leclisso, 3.yrs old, 7st.
U. of l'uramodis Screw, 3.yrs old, 7st.
6 paid forfeit—Alm dodge placed hot 3.
13 to 6 sgd Slim-5 to 2 sisal Surrreigu.

Duke of entlontraQnsdrille, 7st. 12Ib lent Duke of Graf-
taa's Lou, est. D. M. looes.—e to on Quadrille.
Lord Foley's Interpreter, 7.1. ltlh. bent Lord Dal litieton'a
Romp, est. Alb. Ab. 'M. 2005..-41 to lon Interpreter
Mr. Thornbill's elm, est. 71b. bent Duke of Itutlaturs e.
by Walton, out of Casidia, bat. 51b. A. F. 200 p. h. ft
Even betting.
Mr. Thornhill's Steeltrap, rre from Sir 3. Shelley. Priuct
Paul (deaJ),llst.7lb. eaeb. ft. M. 560 gs.

NORTHALLERTON M r.ETlNG,—(Coaeladed
arrmt)a7, tOCTOIDIM 17.
The Member!' Parse 44501. for horses, W.e. of all ages
Tbror-mile Heats.
Mr. Gsrfortlia wr. 011 y, neva, by Casollkos,
41.vrs old, Rat. 61h. (J. Stserbordi
Mr. Alliesoe's f. Kaleida.by M 11,1114011, Sops
oil, Ist 311, 4 I 2
Mr. Hatekin.ou's bay colt, by Iliebtander,
3-yrs old, 7st. 31b... 1 1 4lr
Kr. Fergeson's cb. g. by )oliss Cesar,
3-yrs old, est. 12Ih
Kaki& art the'2•l4l; after the 24 heat, the roar; n.ol
afire the 3d beat, 4 and 6 to 1 on Kaleids. W. ,n was
markt diMealty by Flora. The last rile was situ iu cote
sersoo• sod 30 seconds.

114F4z EV 77? LLIG ENG' E.
ntvourn
Came into harbour the Scan:ander, to be paid off.
oCron►R 24.
•rrived the London packet, Alurgau, Irma Loudos, for
Palermo.

_
Sailed the Laii7 Ara/fells picket, with a Mail for Liste'.
• The Marchiouers of Salisbury packet, for the Letsysrd
Islands, is goat lobo the Roads.
TEAL, oCiroltit 26.
'Came down P.m the River and sailed the Brothers, Stamt4
for Batavia and Brueoolrn ; Corresaintia, Wetherell, fur
Antwerp; and Earyales, fir Portsmouth, 6cc.
naxtsArt, ocrontit 20.
'Siete our last. some other parts of the Laß 44 a wreck,
with a bowsprit, have been leaded hem% and is the whole b
baulks of timber, and 36 planks and deals, together with
part of a plank ad the stern, with the same " Carjess NW'
rivrerout., ocroant
Arrived the Harp, Hodge, from bettor at St. Aadrewe,
N. S. 20th September.
frilled Ike Aberdeen, Hodges, far the Isle of Frestavead
eight others stemmed-bound.
ocroasik 24.
Put in several toasters for sheltie.
Arrived the Lark, Lester, frets Page, will, less of main.
• • eswig• octesurß
Sailed the Americas ship Elisabeth. Seaford, fur Boas-
hey, with SO home, eeetaiwieg eiktilleepesiek dollars.
wouremetsettos, semosait 24.
This morning the Herring, Seeders, of Sanderland, frogs
Rigs fqr %swami le, will grain i ie coming into this
harbour streek siatnl times mo the bar, whieb mewl
her to snake so merit water, as to require the assistance of
a numb* of mem 1 keep the mumps going to proves, her
from sinking; a part of the cargo is discharged, and every
exertion is ostog to Sett out the remainder.
