PAR LIAM E NT4Rr INT E LLIGENC E.

MOUSE OF LORTIZ=Y, FEBRUARY 20.
BANIUTPTCIES.
Mt. Crayford„ from the Treasury, brought np an aetnunt of the
number of bankruptcies in Scotismld from the lit oVanuary 1819.
to the 14th February. 11126.
EXUHECIUSE BILLS.
Mr. Best, from the Batik of Digland, brought up copies of the
late Correspondence between th. Government and the Directors of
the Bank of England. respecting U purchase of Exchequer Bine.
The Earl of LAUDEUDALS moved that the Correspondence
be printcd.—Ordered.
SLA VIII V:

Earl SPENCER pteaented a pedtlnn from the ministers,
churchwardens, and other inhabitabta of Irchester and Woolaston,
in Northampiat.ldre, praying for the, abolition of slavery.
The Bishop of 8AT,1,1 and WELIdi presented a similar peti-
tion learn Wellington, in Somet•etshire, which his Lordship said
was signed by a respectable and irnsortent body, who did rot de•
sire any sudden or dangentus chaofa. but a gradual abolition of
alarm.
RANK NOTES.

....
Lortl ELLENSOROIItiII n:.irad for a return of the Bak
of England notes in circulation on the lath Feb.
(;012 N LAWS.
. _

Lord KIN° rose to present a pritent a tunitioa fmm Brea It.
but from some Informality Ids Lotiohlp doubted whether it oattld
be received as the petition of the t.a Toration. It was against that
job of jobs, the Corn Laws. He d, As intend to enter opens dia.
C 110,4011 of those measures at p. t he had expected the sub.
ject to be Introduced this `Session, tett it appearcd-now that Minis-
ters had no intention of introdurim: the subject at present. There
could be no certainty as to the time of such discussion. It was pro.
'piped last Sessintrthat dovernment would tplinse some alteration
' this Session. but now that Pirliaineot w. 4, about to expire, the No-
ble Lord at the head of the Treasury did sot deem it prudent to
administer a viaticum in artier/10 north. It wonid perhaps be a
mortal sin to administer the vie/tie:on in their present state. •
The petition was received. and, on the moiion of the Noble Lord,
it was ordered to be printed.
