LORD SOMERVILLA', (ACME SKEW.

We yesterday inspe'led the preparations which
ate making for this exhibition in Mr. Dison's stable-
yard. in Barbican, late the repository of Mr. Lang-
horn, who died about nine months ago.
The arrangements made by Lord Somerville are
equally judicious and liberal with those of any
former year, for the accommodation of the agricul-
turists, breeders, and amateurs, who may visit the
yard on slonday and Tuesday next, to view the cat-
tle and implements which will be then exhibited, as
candidates for the prizes so munificently given by
his Lordship, for the encouragement of the best breeds
of cattle, and the introduSian of the most useful agri-
cultural iniplem2nts. Here it may be proper to point
out the dietinaion in the obje.ls and views of bis
Lordship. in this exhibition, and those of the Smith-
field Cattle Society; the latter being associated fee
the simple olijea of encouratting the owners of the
best and most profitably fed cattle, which are
brought fat for sale at Smithfield mar ket. His Lord-
ship's 'views are more particularly direkfted to an
earlier staige of the growth of cattle, and the intro-
dth!tiots of those breeds which are best adapted to
profitable working in the plough or team, previous
to their being fatted:r. and accordingly premiums
are offered for Oxen, in their store or work-
ing state; awl others for fat Oxen, which have
been so worked. Some interest has been excited
by a bet betw...o. Sir Triontas Carr, a great breeder
of South-D0....., 1;114..ep, in Sussex, and Money Hill,
Esq. a la: e armer, in Nortiilk, to produce !iv;
Sheep at tins exhibition.
Sir Thomas Carr was allowed to seleill out of a
sock, which Ise sold last year to I ieorge Griming,
Esq. of Kent; five of whose sheep are now ac-
cordingly on their way to the yard, tor exhibition.
His Grace the Duke of Bedford has signified his
intention of sending two oxen; ten sheep, and a fat pig.
Henry Hugh Hoare, Esq. a Cow and a Sheep ;
John Higgins, Esq. two Oxen ; Mr. Pickford,
fat pig ; James Batch, Esq. two oxen ; Sir James
Raker, a pig, Ste. ; and agreat number of new im-
plements, sampler of seeds, and other articles, in-
teresting to the Agriculturist, are expelled to be
shewn.

Yesterday a Conic of I)irettors was held at the
India House, when the following Commanders
took their final leave of the Court : viz. Captain
JAMES HAY, Coldly, for Gina ; M. Isa•cutt, Met-
eat/i. Bombay. The Coutt adjourned at an early
hour tiU this day.

~~

A 31E R ICA.
-----0.-- .
PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE. •
•—•
, ,WA4HINGTON, JAY. 27• .
In compliance with your request to be in- ,
formed upon matters thot do not usual.y find their
way into the public prints, I shall briefly state, th-
en witnessing the °diem which the total duel with
the late General Ilamilton had etcited, the VkaCirl•
President immediately went to liflE sontriward on a ,
visit to his daughter, who resides in South Caro-
lino. Ile continued there du iug.the remainder of
the summer, and in the fall trepan ed to the seat of
government, and took his seat here as Pitsisient of
the Senate. it WAS rumoured, shortly after his
.ar-
rival, that a memorial was circulating among. the
Members of the (ringress for signature, addressed
toolse-Govornor of New. Jersey, prayiag hint to in- . •
terpose against the prosecution of the bill found by
' the Grand Jury of this county, in which the duel
was fought, for murder. The ttutli of th;s i..-., ...,
however, questionable, as no subsequent event Iros .-.
transpired to confirm it. Ile left the Senate about • •
. a fortnight since, upon a visit to .Philadelphia, but
will return, it is understood, in time° to. he present
at the recommencement of the proceedings agar:,:
'Judge Chase. l'he gentlemen who were seconds,
as you are already informed, have been convie.e I ; • •
111tOt a question of Lew, however, relative to the
,Constitutionality of the Aa, remains yet to be de- ;
rcided. This will be brought up before the up e.ne ,
*Court, at their approaching session (.5111 FebruarfJa
and if decided offismatively, sentence of dis ra.
ehilement will be passed. Mr. Pendleton and Mr. r
Van Ness are both 'professional men. nr tor ner
is styled Judge, from having once fillid that stati:s
on the Bench of the United Slates Distril quirt
for the state of North Carolina ; but raegne i it.
some years since on quitting that Pate, -asef. since
his re.idence in that 4 New Jersey,' hes been a
prasaitiocer, of law. Setae of your prima. 1 ob-
serve, have Lei.great stress upon the eiretursta ice
of a Jedge astieg as a motel, without recoll.eing.
that it is not with us as :Dab you. that generally
nothing but death removes a pmn feat the Ben rh.
You will, doubtless, have noticed in our prints ;or
some time back, while the expettation of General '
Moreau's coming to America was airy:s a rumour, •.,
that it had been intimated to our Gaverammt, that
any mtrked diaadions from them would be dis-
pleasing to the First Consul. This was merely
mentioned at the time, considered as a report, and
died away. 1 have lately understood, from very
good anthtirity, that it was nevettheless correa. and
that our Mayor, as well us all those who may be
considered officers of government, we,e advised and
F.
stattled to that Idea.
. TRACT OF A CATTLa timid slaw YORK, DATED
rt e. 3.
The winter has been more severe than is recol.
sleCited by some of the oldest inhabitants. That of
;1779 80, has hitherto been referred to as mernoroble;
'but the present has far exceeded it, both as to se-
verity of cold and quantity of snow.
The scarcity of wood in this city has greatly en-
creased the calamity, and thousands of the poorer
class of inhabitants are now subsisting upon public
charity. About a fortnight since, the number Rho
had resorted to the corporation were estimated at
4000 ; and, from the continuance of the code, it is
probable that the narnber has since doubled.
The mercantile part of the eommnnity has been
in great consternation for some days p st, in conse •
quence of the curtailment of discoun ed notes in
the several Banks. This is justified be the 14,u;t:,
upon the ground of necessity arising from a 'inn
made upon one of them by a flon..ang Company, who
having been refused a charter, are ertm,;elled us '
wind up their co: c:rn. The Consequence,, Wiich
at first seemed alarming, are, however, h coming
less threatnin7, and, a most liberal conduit i dis-
persing the clouds of danger.

• FROM TILE NEW YORK PAPERS.

.:

~,

A

p

CON(;RESS.
HOUSE or REPItI.SeNTATIVILS, .1114. 23.
A letter horn the SLCRETAit If Of tirts FE was
read, giving a statement of the Americas seamen
impressed by the Belligerent Nations. The docu-
ments accompanying them were voluminous, and
contained the names of 131t3 seamen impressed
since the commencement of the present war in

Europe.
It was moved to print the documents, with the let-
ter from the Secretary of State ; but the motion was
withdrawn, on the suggestionot a gentleman that it
would be very expensive.
Mr. CKOWINSH ICI D observed, that he was not in
his place at the time the letter of the Secretary of State
was read, but he understood the repw t c(turaine,t Cu:
names of more than 1500 seamen, impressed cnieily
by the British. He hoped the Housewoull not segar‘i
the expence of printing. l'he United States ought t."
know that a great number of its citizens we=e detain-
ed by a foreign government, and, he had almost
said, in a state of slavery, certainly contrary to their
inclination. We wanted the services of this useful
body of men. No foreign government had a right
to authorise the seizure of American citizens. We
knew that many outrages had b:e,t s..mniitted on
their personal right, and he wished Congress to
point out a remedy adequate to carrel the osil.
The expence of printing the list was no considera-
tion with him, *ad, he trusted the House would

agree to it.
Mr. .Ixcitson supported the propriety of printing
the whole documents, and the House accordingly
agreed to it by a large majority.
Some other business being disposed of, Mr. Caow-
a
sin Ist°, resumiug the stilled, said, the House
would recalled, that a list of impressed seamen was
furnished this morning 11.0T1 the department -if state,
which exceeded in number any thing he had ex-
peded. Ile thought these impressmi.nts ought to
be prevented, and that the subje.l demanded inves-
tigation. He had drafted a itsolution, which be
submit to the I louse, haring in view to eon-

I

would submit to the I louse, having in view to con-
ned this with another very important subjett
Many gentlemen must have observed that Anse lam
proclamations had been issued by the Governors of
ttie several liritish West India Waller; intrr,fiats
the American trade atter May ru kat Ehe ptroela•
mrions bare due in Odober or November, ai.d wets
hi take etFea in six months. It apuetrei to him that
the British Government were ski, r mined ro exclode
us from their i►lands ; upon the expeitation

.

•
their own vessels would be emipetent to wry the nei
cessary supplies. Mr. C. said we have a right to car-
ry the prodations of the United States in American
bottoms; and hehoped we should never permit foreign
ships to come to our ports and carry on an exclu-
sive trade with any country whatever where our ves-
sels were not allowed the same privilege. His inten-
tion was to present the Americans carrying trade to
the West Indies from falling into the hands of other
nations. He would not exclude foreign vessels from
our ports ; but it was desirable that our own export
trade should not he motmpolised by foreigners.
The subject was highly important to their country.
t:t.e United States tamely submit to see some
of its best citizens torn from their families and
friends, without attempting something for their re-
lief? Shall we see another country put.uing mea-
sures hostile to our commercial rights, and make no
effort to correet the mischief ? The West India

Islands depended on the United States for their or-
dinary supplies, and our vessels had usually carried
a large proportion of their cargoes OR American ac-
count ; bur it appeared now that we were to b..! shut
cut from this trade, and it was in future to be car-
ried on in foreign vessels. An effeinual remedy
would be, to prohibit the exportation of our produc-
tions in foreign bottoms, to all ports or islands with
which we were not permitted to have intercourse,
and, in order that the subjet might undergo an ex-
amination which its importance demanded, he offer-
ed the following resolution:
Rewired. That the Committee of Commerce and Mann-
llactote. be instructed to inquire :f any, and what further pro-
' vision he necessary for the protection of the commerce and sea
men of the United States ; and to Lignite whether any foreign
country has made any late regulations with a view to inowipo-
kw any branch of the American carrying trade, to the exclie-
tins benefit of such foreigt country, or which, in their opera-
tion, may be injurious to the svicaltural or coninseral inte
rest of the United States. And also to inquire into the expo.
diency of prohibiting the exportation from the United States,
of all goods and merchandise whatever, in foreign ships bound
to any port with which the vessels of the United States are not
allowed communication, or where a free and unrestrained trade
Si not permitted in the productions of the Unite! States; and
that the Committee be authorited •o report by Bill or otherwise.
Mr. RANT/01.Pa wished 111' Resolution to lie for
consideration a few days. He would mention Mon-
-day ; the Gentleman had said it was au important
sallies% and if he had no objelion, it would be as
well to allow the ilesolution to remain unafted upon
for a little time. It might be printed for the con-
sideration of the House, and he rather supposed
a ime alteration would be necessary in the form of
the Resolution.

Mr. Caowixsu rata replied that he was perfeltly
willing the resollitionshould remain for consideration
agreeable to the desire of the gentlem an from V irg i nia,
and he would consent to any reasonable delay; but he
would not consent.to its remaining unatled bison till
a period solve as to preclude any measure from being
adopted this session, because theproclamation would
take effeil in-the month of May.
A motion was mane to refer the resolution to a
Committee of the whole for Monday next, which
was agreed to...and the tesolution ordered to be
printed.
LANCASTER, JAN.2B.
The Senate assembled this day, according to
their Resolution of Saturday, at twelve o'clock pre-
cisely—present 14 members.
The three Judges of the Supreme Court appeased
in a few momaints afterwards, and being seated at
the bar -
Mr. Rama (a Senator) rose and said—it Mr.
Speaker, we ase now arrived at an importan, stage
of this interesting and eventual trial; we areofow
to pronounce„ according to the Constitution, the
sentence of cosvklion or acquistal upon the Chief
Justice and two Associate Judges of the Supeme
Court of this Commonwealth ; and, after a full and
fair trial as has ever taken place in any Court ; no
evidence having been missed, no argument un-
heard; and, upon the evidence, we are before our
country to pronounce judgment; 1 pray, Sir, that
before we each deliver our opinion, the article of
accusation upon which this trial has been had, may
be read."
The Speaker of the Senate---Shall the article of
impeachment be now read ?
The Senators answered—Aye.
The clerk then read the article of impeachment at
large.
The Speaker then said---Is the Court ready to
proceed ? and the Court answered, Aye.
The Speaker said—Gentlemen of the Senate, you
have attended this long and important trial, and you
are ready to pronounce judgment before God and
your country—and you will say, Guilty or Nut Guilty
each of you ? The clerk will read the names of the
members.
The clerk then read the names of the Senators,
and they answered as follows :—Guilty 13.—Not
Guilty 11.
The number of the votes being reported to the
Speaker. by the clerk, the Speaker said to the
Judges : " Edward Skippen, 7asper Yeats, and Mo-
sses Smith, you have been tiled upon an impeach-
IA en t brought against you by the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Commonwealth, and you have
heard the opinion of the Court ; there are thirteen
votes which declare you guilty. and eleven which
declare you not guilty; the number which declare
you guilty, not amount.ng to two-thirds, according
to the Constitution, you are acquitted."
The Judges thereupon immediately rose and re-
tired t and the Court was closed by adjournment to
the Chamber of the Senate; and the Committee of
the whole I louse of Representatives having reported,
the House also adjourned till ten o'clock on Tuesday
morning.

A Board of General Officers h sitting daily at
the Horse Guards on Military Affairs. Several new
Regulations for the Improvement and'good of the
Service are Ware them for Consideration

Amongst others is a Plan for encreasing the Pay of
the Oflcers of the Army : it is said, Colonels Com-
mandants of Regiments are to receive ten shillings
additional, and the other Ranks in proportion.
Major General Sir Joust Mooat is arrived in
town to assist at' the Board.
His Majesty's ship Lateaa, Captain Gosszt.tr, is
arrived in Plymouth Sound, having ols board one
hundred and ninety-five thousand dollars, taken out
of a Spanish prise, not yet arrived.
The Court Martial for the trial of Lieutenant-
Colonel Cotwitas.E JONI4STONI, late Governor of
Dominica, commenced yestesday at Chelsea. Pre-
sident. the Earl of Haaarsarow.

\

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.
•••••••11.11110...m.
FROM THE HAMBURGH PAPERS.

VIENNA, .lAN. 9.
The new Fiench Ambassador, M. de la Roche-
foucauld, will very soon make his public entry.
Mr. Arbuthnot, who goes Ambassador from
England to Constantinople. and who left this city
eight days ago, is arrived at Trieste, whence he will
proceed to Constantinople, on board an English
higate, accompanied by several English Gentlemen.
costrau rip:orig. DEC. :10.
The French Minister, M. Talleyrand, has trans-
mitted a note to the Turkish Ambassador at Paris,
Haleb Effendi, of which Marshal Brune, a short
time before hi, departure from Constantinople. de-
livered a copy to the Reis Kffendi. This note ex-
presses surprise at the refusal of the Porte to ac-
knowledge the Emperor of the French, since France
has ever been the oldest and most sincere friend of
the Porte. The causes of this condos% are then ad-
verted to, and it is ascribed to a fadion in the
Turkish ministry, inimical to the true interests of the
Empire, which has ft,,sl the art to procure the rejec-
tion of all advantageous propositions on the part of
France, and to conned the Porte with another power.
In conclu,ion it is asserted that the present condua of
the Porte is inconsistent with its former Mussulman
dignits-, which would never suffer it to render itself
dependent an, and subjed to any foreign power,
without well•founded motives. On the communica-
tion of this Note. the Reis Effendi declared, that with
resped to the refusal of acknowledgment of the Em-
peror Napoleon, the Porte had been guided by the
protestations of other powers.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.
INIXHAP4, yrs, 27.
Sailed the Santo Margeretta for the Westt:ard, on
a cruise.
The Court Martial on Captain Bligh terminated
last evening. The decision of the Court I have not
heard.
DIAL, TEL 28.
Arrived the Si. Andrew Mitchell armed ship, with
a covoy from Portsmouth, which are sailed for the
River.
Came down from Sheerness the km:titles man of
war, and the !cope hired armed cutter, from a
cruise ; and remain in the Downs with the ships
as pct. last.

771 E MARKETS.

CORAiIoaT, MAROII I.
The fresh imports of Wheat to day re but few, and that of
fine quality i, rather dearer, though little is doing, expecting "
better supplies; prime old Danizic at ahnut 116 s per quarter.
Rye is full as high, and ready side. Barley is in middling
•uant,ty, that wish Malt hat little fluctuation. White Peas
continue difficult in sale. Tha Oat tract» is more brisk, and
those at hand are about ts. 6d. dearer. Flour plentiful s some
of very fine quality rather exceeds our currency.
•-•

CURRENT PRICE OF GRAIN.
Wheat. 765. 88. 103 n. • Bean. .4!.. -49. 84.
visit d0......1084. 112 n. 01. Tick Reams .....40.. 46.. Ws
Rye... 5Bl. 62.. 04 Oat: 275. 30s. 335. OA.
Itatley 45. 48s. Bxl.l Poland.. ..... ...34. 65.. W.
Malt.. 16.. 82.. Olt Rape 5eed.......42L 481. 01
White Poas 465. 534. 01. Foie Flour .... 83.. 90s. Od.
Grist Peas 40..
,44.. 04 Seconds 80, 88s. 84.

RETURN OF 14r1-IF.I
including only from the Ilth
agreeably to I
a. d.
92 Quarters at 124
540 -- at 123

370 .----,-- at 122
111 it 141
913 at 120,

706 --- at 118
191 --. at 116
189 --- at 115
235 --.. at 114

-- at 113
425 at 112
1515 - at 110
62 at 109 '
1224 at 108
698 at It 6
15.8 - at 105
Total 10,508 Quarter
2a 61c1 higher

UXBRIDGE
Th• Cern Intnedor's Return, on Thure.day, Feb. 28
Who*, per load. 1A Od to 301 Os
84,4r/I Per qr 464 Od to 48s Od
Oat, YSs Od to 34s 0.1
Beans . 46r. N to b2s Od

Pcs.u* sos OA tu 5Gs Od

PRICE

IF HOPS.

•. G•.
Kent .41 01 to SI Os Kent 104 to 51 Qs
Suisex.... .11 lOs to 41 Its StI.XX 41 4. to 51 04
rotor 41 0. to !,6 rnrtiliam....Al 0. to 71 0.
OA Duty 140.1 177,6001.

POCtIT‘.

ICES OF H
1,11113,

If AND IM&AW,
,Air.

IT 1 AMES'S. invirrecoAret.
If
New 01 Os aOto4 I New 01 O. aOl 0,
CitlYer UI sOl 0. Clwver 4l 44 a A K,
UMW a al 4. Salim 2l Ss a A 16s

NEM:ATE AND LF.ADENHALL MARKETS
By the C11,2a41.
Iwr 36 0.1 so 46 VI Veal 44 0 tO 61 0
Mutt,m....30 04 to .44 44 I Port 48 od al

TALLOW.

Tuna Tan. 69s Gd
Rallis (Can.) ....59s 70s Od
ISo.) 671 nd
Making Stuff ;rBs 59.
Ditto rough 3B.
Graves
Gond Dress II.
Mud, 84..—Ceed, 92..
Is. W....Moulds, las. 6d.

PlticK or LEATIWR

Botts, 51 to 3tilli. sack —
V3d to 25d
Dm.. 60 to 631 b. inch 23•1 to 26.1
Merchants liazko ^s4l to 931
1),,,,,ittg React. ••• "Ili to /4d
Floe C.iatio Hides. 23 to VA
C 0.,. liirl.-4 Cif midair 244 to 2:.-I
.
Flat Or:hoary 231 to 244
Calf Skins, 10 to 4111 b. per Dostet 3r4 to 594
Ditto, SO to 7011) 364 to :39d N
Oat", 7t) to 4011. 344 to 3R.1 ,- •••
Small Neal' (Gr vollot1). did to 45,1) 7
Large .11tin I t.tc to 170. per dozen.
Goat Skins —a to—q ditto
Tanned Florae Holes SOB to 42i rr hide.

RAW HIDES. •
Bc-.lll..ifets and Steers, tor 4...5.,,, 34. M to 44. —tl.
Mt.:dl ilO .• • • 36. 44. In 3. 61.
()Mina, .... 3. 0,1. to 3. 2.1.
Market Cal — 12.. 04
Eoglt,ll Hoot*
Sinop Skull

COAL LICCII ANGE, Fae. 22.
11. st Coals. 333.3 Cital4ron 483 94
n-Joverecl to I Idtw4cerven... f.23 91
Sulk!Man& per Chil.lron 43, 04
.pirlivere.ll.. Ifousekeeprrs at sss 181

PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Ilenk Stock 179
:I prr Cent. Reduced. Shut.
0 p•-r Cent. Consols 581 8,;11
4 le, Cent.
b per Cent. Navy ....Cilia
p.zr Cont. Loy.tlty ..• ....101 1004 1
Long Afro
Imperial 3 per Cent.
Dint Annuities • 99-16
thallium ' • 4
India Stock.
Omani§ lot 581 ii
T. lIISH, Stack-Broker.
14e. 4, Cornhill. and 9, CharingCnns.

PR ICE Or IRISH STOCKS
On. Deb I per Cent. (Feb. 48)....11;19 pi
