T11E.477? ES.

Privy _
P•in ottividiiks
_
Cabinet Nisi llllig mast t alie so Mr. RVIIIS••
the inallANA.lllllll*Akisid before His Stumm
the proesedieggeWeemcisertllertirl.
At allitt *Wye. nit Mantua had hed a Watt
po., 6. sea ma ow&
Th. ROYAL F4IIOIIIV ate eirected to remain in
town till after the celebretiew of the Queues
torshogey.
Yestet&ay a Cunt of Diosehwe was held at the
Eau India Illome, when the undermentioned Com-
manders took their dual lean of the Court. pro.
vious to deporting for their mpeetive destinations,
s is.—

Caplan E. C. Lard Drama; aid J. Caraigie.
Marina-Ide Madras and I.
Capt. W. 111141Sitie.t.ady roust and W. P. DT*.
gerre.alaWdd — hr St. Helena sad &eget.
The IbllowvoiCaptains were MOM into the coat-
swirl of their respective ships. iris.
Cato. 11/obirsele. itlareaw of Ety ; aad J. Hay, Cowls
4tir Odra direct:
Capin C. Le ulnae, Wariptis Wellesley-4w Cey tea sad
nage Court mOsiortiell at .sin o'clock till to
morrow.
It was currently reported in the City. 3.esterday.
that the Spanish prosy under C &Minn has Joined
the French army at Madrid. We most be slow to
believe such au act of treason. The prevalence of
the report alone indoces us to mention
Sir racoaatcn Mot- (who was in neve-
rd Parliaments a very active sod independent
Member of ,the Irisli Senate, and is now a Candi-
date for the Imperial Parliament.) and many other
t;eattemen, have arrived from Ireland. at Stmtfurd-
place lintel.
A gentleman, lately arrived from Russia. gives a
most deplorable account of that country. The
people groan under the most abject slavery. There
is a most ;eir ire edict against any person men-
tioning the conduct of their govtrimient. • If two
j.:rrussis are seen 1;1 le:roma C Earcrsation. they
are suspected of talking- priFoics, and seldom
escape arrest. Ilya vv.v. it is generally under-
stoo:l. that the Itintworor Ai t ANOEK gate his
promise to UONAPAirS at Erclirill. GO watch
the motiona of Austria. while he we it into
and if he perceived any thing hostile to
france, to march n large enter into her territories.
The people are much dissatisde 1, dia..' in mercan-
tile aittiations particularly. noir waireheasi.a are
fill of p"operty. in a state of decay. parti,:ularly
tallow ; mid it is a cow 11111 l saying aniong4t the
lower order of the pi•ople. that it kill find its way
to Err4lniul, in spite of Govertionriit, it 4 it toms
into iiroz49ts, and shay arc thrown into the 'ca.
Idr. the Mestneitger, alio arrived on i'nes-
day, w^tl di.,uttehtes from Spain, is t.eriously
lined at his %els!, in Pimlico. trent the latigilt 1"1.1
diEirulti-s he had to encounter its hi* jourtwv. Ile
m narrow escape of bving taken at Madrid
he was assisted iu his escape by Mr. STSWAILT.

DRURY-LANE.
La,/ niAht the new Comedy of Mon and Wife,
or, Jlare Secrets then ohe, war performed for the
time, with istalianitiiled attractiois. The
matrimonial wittabbles between Sir Willonghby
IVorrit atel his fine-like Ludy, affonlerl the high-
est auturruu•ut ta audience. :11r. JOHN-
sTo E's O'Dedimas has increased each night its
riehnem and bunion•. Mrs. J0111)111, in the fair
sfleica, amply rewards the author for the pains he
has taken to display her inimitable talents. The
lionse was crowded, and the applause utsboismletl.
The Marchioness of klsAtiroaT, Earl of Bac-
Tim Lady M. TATLOII4 COUnteeis of GUILFORD,
and Sir Ea& hcss and Lady Iluanwrr were present.

NAYSIAMILLT.
Last sight was rendered remarkable by the per-
formance of Mrs. Stetsons end Mr. You so in the
Tragedy of Macbeth. The home was so crowded
as to be oppressive. They who had more patience,
or more economy thee others, were excluded at
hail price for want of Teens. lail..ed it would be
an impeachment of the taste of the Loon it it were
otherwise spin such en OCtaUjOn. Mrs. Sloooss.
IM *trial. did Snnsergant honour. She who
eashilmstas as psematiliy with our immoiral bard
to the display of the human N 1.110114. and the eii-
forcemeat Odle mer..l ditties. insist succeed in de-
lighting the wine, wh'ee te4e ciontainies to be it,
characteristic. If ever sI e play to thin boost', we
may pronouns* that 411* tout play ton inirjudging
pee e. Of Mr. YOVIVG.'t ;Si npossible to speak in
terms efts° high eelegium. This was the first time
he sestaiesd the arduous chat Arter of Macbeth here;
sad if any imperfections mit sted in his :rating, there
Vu ton bright a contrast to pet mit them to puts
*Mice& fierepresented it amid the unbounded
Optative* of a brilliant and crowded audience.—
Though net influenced by the opinion of a multi-
tude, merely because it is a multitude. we re-
late with satisfaction our acquiescence iu this
critique. and join our attestation to theirs osi
the merit of an excellent performer. If it were
necessary to point out instances of his tic-
setts we would recall to the recollection of
those who were present. and reconsinerid to
those who, being absent, would appeal to no-
judgment, the scene in which Lady :17setetk per-.
suedes him to the murder, the slag4e. the
feasting scene, and all the ii• 1:4 fat, the
farther the play advanced, the • ..he ner
appeared to advantage ; for in pr !JP:01,3114h
portions are displayed, the ere - . esbi-
Isited.--None retired fro,- • y!!!tho.tt
feeling the most sublime . t the dignity
of virtue, and the futihtr, •• . and the
anguish of enj dignity p !ts surrender.

. WHIP CLUB.
waderstanit, will hold their tint meeting
'- the kit Teem* ia April. TLe
i sastl, us Charles Buxton, Esq ;
i; Sr Mfrs Vane Tempest ; Lord
illstiee, Bal.; Massey Dowell, Em. ;
~ 1 Heavy Oeboldoseem, Esq. ; Wit--
'aishriag,emlisslog canddlored eamoisteurs
- its Whereat es some of these Gen.
Mk. allassey Dawson was the famine
, of the Nome of Massey, is Ire-
. Miss Lessard, at Idiot time maxi-
_ the meet— —beautiful woman in that covintry. This
Mendumme, at the age id twestpeoe, miss tato possossio•
of a Irpetteotote end a censiikrable son of ready ma-
ed daring his neimirity ; etch wit h Mauso-
lea desire hie notesteny, that he was sot cement with
More harm/ sad rums than any other private
in Imbed ; bet his hmerite ashler was that of
a postilion. The jacket of the finest cloth, the sews
sand with the richest sod broadest gelid Wee, gold Muds
ea the sleeves, sad
_epsnMfts as the shoaMers, Mock velvet
cap, bowed with goK gold band, aa hematite turd la the
emits, of the crows, sad a superb horsewhip, with which be
used very (newly to keep et the swinish multitude who fol-
lowed him wherever he appeared. Having run through his
ready money, a woadeefel change erased ; harms three
daughters, he became as anyhow to mate money, as he had
formedy been to spend it ; arid, by the time lie had saved fur
thee a considerable property, in hie old days, his
Lady restated hint wide • sem, the persist Mr.
Damson. For several years boles this Geutlemaa's
kali, he heed at Castle pawns, between Dahlia and
the Medi Rock, near that city, which he seldom lett, bat to
deft Me Basket, and deposit the sums he woe coadarally
anioning. The fortuse, after providing fur his daughters,
woe loft to the present Mr. Massey Downes who, on contioz
Mtn pmeemitta, behaved I. the met liberal, generous, and
bled sumer te every person cooareted with him, and shortly
silletwords teasTiod a young so I eery amiable lady, by
whom he hat a amosruias family, amid who less possessed a
considerable fortune.

Yesterday, the Hake of i'MULAND entertained
the Calanet Ministers with II sumptuous dinner, at
his house in Piccadilly.
The Hon. Mrs. WALPOLE had a curd party, last
evening, at her house in Dupl.-street. Lady
PERTH, and several tither Nubility, were present.
Lady JULIANA fIoWARD, Mr Mtimuni, and
Mrs. Joss.,, will leave town, next wtek, for
Brighton.
The Earl of Oltroan is ex/sear& this day, at
his house in Brinoii*treet, for the sPai.ta.
VircOulit. IlisTiou has been passing tile holidays
with his father. Earl haunt', at Hinton, So-
utersetthire. His Lordship is expected in town,
to-morrow.

Vie valiant be angry with BONA,. VVrk: for calling
the ships of the their %%garden horses. The
ship is certainly Juba hobby.
The Howager Lady GLvzit will have a card
party, this evening, at her house in Hill-street,
Berkeley-square.
Viacolint AMHERST will this day meet at dinner,
ut the. Freemasona' Tavern, in Great Queen-street,
Lincelies-liiii-tields, his most respectable corps,
the St. Jaines's :ulunteers, where his Lordship
will take his leave of them, and receive their ac-
knowledgments for the attention which he has
unit :wilily paid them.
Last night, the infant son of Lord and Lady
Foi.sr was baptised at their house, in Hill-street,
nerkeley-square, by the Rev. Hoposou.
The cl iid was named 'runless Haw ; the spon-
sors were Lord WILLIAM FITIGEIA Lae and Lady
41 ao, Uncle and And to the infant. The
ce wooer was performed in the grand drawing-
room, which was VII the occasion.

14 JAw. S.
have reason to be thankful to Providence
foa tvo of the greatest bksariags of life—a prodi-
gious appetite, and an ample fortune to indulge its
demands. But as no situation here below Can be
perfectly happy, so the pi osperity of your humble
servant it occasionally iuternapted by smart attacks
of the goat; as evil, I believe, pretty generally
;attendant upon the mismanages which I enjoy. 't he
inroads of this enemy to my pence. however, are
but transient-an few weeks use of Both water.
with ea little isfetinence, alwnys "heck them. and
restore me again to my cnjoymeists. A visitation
of this knot brought me hither about a fortnight
ago, where I have been lying ever since. in the pus-
ture best fitted, of nil others, for soaking antrum.
ailed obsercatioss--thut is to say, uptai my back.
By the aid, however, of your entertaining paper,
and the constant visits of little Alison,, any apo-
thecary, (who, to do him justice, though he crams
nay stomach with medicine, eseertains me, at the
same time, with all the news and scandal of the
place), I emotive to mss the time of nay confine-
ment in tolerable comfort. A few nictruiegs
as 1 was laughing over the letters from this place,
which have appeared in your paper. signed Eze-
kiel Ilarelwavar mad Courtly Nee:able, my little
dapper mos of drugs nude, as "usual, his mem-
final call. o Bravo ! Mr. Gorge." said he. °
right glad to see you so mere knew my draught
of last night would mend yourrits-sengaged.
'*
as tonal, I pernsienotith 71* well ;it
always contains • weld of news ! He, he. he !
What, you've got Vegetable*: letter, too ? I believe
1 must play the tailor and cabbage this paper.—
lie, he, lie ! An excellent apology for ostlanadoila
worship, it must be confessed ! But I'll tali you a
story on that subject. prewatly ; only let's say a
few words on business first. Be so kind, my dear
Sir, as put your tongue • yard or two out of your
mouth ; he, he, lie ! Fever not quite gone yet ! a
crust as thick as the rind of a civil orange to be
retained. Weil ! never fear--we'll soon peel it off :
He, he, he ! A few pillulm trust rarity, a paper of
powder of post, and an odorifte draught to open
your pews, will make your tongue as clean as soy
nail. But, to go on with my story : You must
know, Sir, a few years ago. the Rector of a parish
here, an honest worthy man, who thought that
or 3001. per annum giveu in alms, at the altar,
ill one of these fashionable preaching places, might
as well go to the parochial poor. as to the proprie-
tor of the shop, i wisted that all the offerings should
be received, et the time they were made, by the
churchwardens of the said parish. A sent was ac-
'Nardi-ie.:ly provided tor thrin there, in which they
snot their wives were accommodated, at every
in..titl.ly sacrament. It happened, however, Sir,
that a sponse of one of these church-officers, de-
si,ous of gratifying a neighbour with a sight so
much out of the common way, as a fashionable cha-
pel, invited her to go thither one Sunday. Her
friend, an indastlious tradesman's wife, accepted
the invitation glldly. curious to leans what sort of '
rites were performed in these magnificent pagodas.
Wonder at the man of silk and his show-hoz. and
surprise at the odd way in which the fine people
said their prayers, effectually prevented all devo-
tion is tile Sisitor. She sat, however, till the con-
gregation was dismissed with a benediction. a
gracefid bow, and a sweet wade; and then went
home, fully resolved serer .tia no to • faihtenable
chapel again. But she seeded not to have made
any aletertuimation no the *object. A prohibition
had been issued frunittnother quarter ; for, on the
following morning, the Chief Actor of the eliapel
farce, waited upon the church-wiinfora's wife. and
addressed bet in these wesds-es• Yon ow feasible.
Mrs. So-andem, that yos enjoy a seat in fey okapi,
in right of your husband, who is churcherra.
for the time being. of the parish of ; so far all
is well ; and I have no objection to pee presence
there, olive a month, without paying for year place
—but, I must insist upon it, that you do not in-
troduce any common people into the pew. Ido
not know that my nerves ever received so severe a
shock as yesterday morning, when I perceived your
friend, Airs. Toyman, as one of my hearers: and
beheld my congregation petrified with astonish-
ment and horror at wring a person in trade
amongst on audience that is never disgraced
by vulgar society.' So you see, Mr. Gorge,' con-
tinued Mixrim, 4, if you wish to say your prayers,
without being polluted by the kennel. (as we call
the common people), you have n shop for the pur-
pose, whenever you are inclined for half an hour's
amusement of that sort ; but, ailzooks, I have
something else to do than talk about prayers and
sermons, chapels said churches, and such things as
are quite out of my way—l've orerstaid my time,
;and Lady Nadel will be in the devil of a passion,
if I should not dress her blister before Canna/4
comes to give her a lesson." Thus saying, my little
friend rushed out of the room, with the same ra-
pidity as if he had taken one of his own drasties ;
raja.' • g me, at the saine time, to swallow, with-
out fail. the pills, powder, and draught, before I
composed myself for the night. I shall make no
continent, Mr. Editor, on the above 'anecdote, but
merely request you to subunit it to your readers, as
an additional argument to those advanced by
Courtly Vegetable, in favour of feashiosiable chapels.
Your obedient servant, Jaye' GORGE.
P.S. Will you be good enough to inform me,
whether it be the practice, at the places of public
worship, in London. (for I hay- not been there
these twenty yeare, sod know tint what improve-
ments modern refinement may have introduced in
the metropoli-) when Charity Sermons are preached
in them, for the Minister to withhold a third pert
of the collection, as a remuneration for the hire of
the ;place for the nn.; ig, and for the trouble of
preaching a sermon on the occasion ?

Statement of the Qeantity of Strong Beer brew-
ed by the dist twelve Houses in London, from the
sth July, MC to the gth January, 1809:—
Jima Bemis.
Briley... •_, ....... 44,5t1 CsaM. . 15.44
Bruin Ind Finy... • • 49,10 Wor
Illaubo ry MAIN
n'bitbived **mg J.Cdpert 14,577
feces. • 14,577
F. Calvin .. aT::. ... 14,eus
Last week. the Pisa & Coda at Illmillelal ,e.
mired the sum OtS•tra
_le bas=rmilibmillt,_
the pose there. AN imam awns
and Co.. of Hull.

COM' OF CRUMMY, Ltst ceen'a-Itie, JAN. !!.
la the wafter 1r BAMFORD, 4 Bankrupt.
Birsatevat. BOWSAW moved, on the part of tb.
Beak/apt, why thzzrdict of Jnry on an twist
from that Court d wet he set aside, and s ties
issue be directed ' Bankrupt brad
ever committed
Sr 110"
the wefts
asat
iellieralawred
at
ru==iimed
dm an so wed
Lanai esessel
doe 111141trapil,- •
to quit e
in Ow t
on an setnel
have given re
ed on, and
serving him w
tent as to render
A.setber ' reason
aside was,
Jury, the
uinnt hebte
the Jury. the
proved. Under
hie Lisetship would
Mr. Settled '-
Aare, on the Petitioning ,
contended, that the verdict was perfectly correct,
and they felt coulident that the Court would not
disturb it.
Sir SAMORL ROMILLY replied in a yak+ re-
plete with strong and ingenious argument.
The Lucas Cnsecati.ea observed, the reason
that influenced him in directing en issue in the
Ant instance was, that undue influence had befit
used with the servant of the Illsiekrupt, to prove
the act of bankruptcy. She ball been inveigled
oat of her mister's house, by a ritiliff'e follower,
who infornidd her that • legacy to a large extent
bad been left her by a distant relation, and it' she
went with hini,he would bring her where she would
receive full information; she accoMpanied him, and
he introduced her into the Ake if the Petitioning
(.;reettioi's Solicitor, where she waitineuced to make
to affidavit of the Bankrupt's insolvency ; on the
petition, praying that an isstor might be directed,
an affidavit wile made by her, that she was rat is a
fit state to give evidence when she swore to.the art
of bankruptcy of the Bankrupt ; the disappoiut-
went of the legacy, and the number of questions
put to her ty the persons in the Solicitor's
room, made her incapable and unfit to Rive
proper testinvony ; but the case was completely
alteted when she went before a (curt of Lao,
and confirmed the testimony she had before givisti
. and he 'had not Sr doubt ou his mind bet it
was an act of insolvency. Two Bailiffs came
the day before and searched the Bank napes brew:
for him, telliug his servants they had a writ against
him. On the next morning, before day-tight,
they knock at the street-door, and the Bankrupt
makes his escape nut of the back-door, and is not
seen again for three weeks. In his opinion, this was
a continued act of bankruptcy. If he was chnrg-
' ing a Jury on the question, he 'meld pnt to them
whether they did not believe that the bankrupt
knew there was a writ against him ? lied whether they
did not believe that he left the house ou purpose to
prevent as" arrest.'
If the Jury were of opinion that he was not ac-
tuated by those motives. he would certainly differ
from them. He was of opinion, that Ili-twentieths
of the notice was improper; hut there was ene-
twentieth of it, in which the Bankrupt could net
be taken by surprise, as the stuns testimony had
been before the Court before its direction of the
issue and be meat bare been fully acquainted
with it.—ender these considerations, he thought
the verdict of thi Jury a correct one, and of course
be dismissed the Motion for a new trial.

.LIII 11171

. simma auThe me am &mow :,..... * Tel
IterielPburer^ mph eteeleig •• hie litle.
Prigwiler4leaseel Sawehles, wipes hie imewiesw.
te /la CIO we wain;
ileigoilerliswatel liedoinele we= reedatia twedockiwo.aseet:irs
Caps. titer, R. W. Spew hie
Capt. Philliateee, IR. N. spew We preetwillinft, , iles. Ineetir lIMPie t I
The Esti all-weepewl. wpm atetwing he hie Illle. • -
ge....c .6
Sir Thews Tieettelip. qua trimied as his divot ' =
get I
Awe Tea led&
Colonel Donetreat4=Abg4-ftt:6% . Athtei
the Veigyarithil et . hi bons
assorr fii ili
Shay
Hit Meiners' laid it IN., Cam% mg pea hrefteti.Nebnite a
anthems is the OMR et Pont atm mod the ether Meal lb, mot beautifi.'

brected to My whether dm Illairkrept had
nitted an art of bowkruptcy or uot.
Mira. Komm.t.w grounded Jia motion on
t which, he said, was defective, ea belt%
al in its statement of dm pints at Mine.
f only six days beftwethe issue we. tried
ter; there were thirlpfdir sem of Beak-
motioned in the entice, and Abir tad real
o which evidence wet prodieeed. The
:ourtael contended it was implonii.hinfbr
upt to tiring evidence M ao shrift tedate,
re evidence on the part of thelitintiffs
r; if the ceruniisatots bad been takes out
tittl act of Bankruptcy, t►er to
rimier only of that alma* it was
f not to have misled the Bankrupt by
n with a notice of such a mitumirroos re-
render him unable to defend the whole,
mean why the verdict Ought to be art
that the case never wsiff property to the.
Levrneil Judge having glum bit-
re the Bankrupt'. Counsel had
that an act of bankruptcy
oder there coosideratietn6 he
ip WOllll4l direct a nee Mine.
Cocazt.t., Mr. Ibutaave, sad Mr.
the part of the Petitioning Credit*.
