JONES V. BIRD.

This was an action brought by the Plaintiff as
owner of a house in Clement's lan-passage, which
had faltro ;low o it, cute.tquence of sonic repairs to
the couonou aeaer, which had been done by the
Defeutiant under the directions of the Cottostis-
siotters of Sew, N. The excavation nicessary for
the repair W4* C ;tried under a house two 41; ors from
the Plaintiff's, and that house fulliug down crushed
the Piainttl's to its fall. The Defendant had no-
tice that the lotus( r would fall unless something were
done to prevent it. as the part of the COIIIIIIW
tinnier'. of Sewers (who defended this action), it was
urged that the fall of the houses ass the inevitable
result of time Utah accident, fur which 110 one could
bedeviled culpable, except it were the builder of the
house, who had originally built a stack of chimneys
upon the arch of the common sewer, so that it was itu•
possible that arch could be repaired ;without that inter •
'Jennie which had actually occurred, and it was pro-
vidential that the Comatissiaueis of &were had had
their attention called to it, or it was likely that the
house* would soot, have fallen from natural decal,
awl the ioliabitatits have been buried in the rents.

The LORD Cniu JUsTICS left it so the Joey to
say whether the accident was the constqueoce of
outland decay, or was caused by any orgtett on the
part of the Defendant.
The Jury fouud a verdict fur the Plaintiff—Da-
mages 1701.

Oa the niAlit of the lsl instant the tower of lelant
church was struck by lightning, which after forciog two
large pities of atone out of the middle of the tower,
entered the bell-chamber, broke out the four
and damaged the archer, ripping open the root and leads
in several places. It thru took the S.F.. pinnacle, throw.
jog the greatest past on the comet of the south aisle. A large
piece of stout-, about 641111. was carried over the whole length
of church, aud fell about 30 feet off the wall, Member half
of the same moue fell ou the leads of the N. aisle, and one fill
lobo the gallery. The electric fluid roared the belfry, de-
molished the window, and cracked the wall of she sower in
geveral places; it then went into the gallery, shatio riug the
partiltuu between that and the belfry, and brrakiiig the glma
in the gallery window ; shin shaking a huge pillar adjuiuiit
the gallery its a dreadful manner, from thence it made its
way to the communion, removing the waiusci.t out of i•s
place, and folcing two large loiter s stone from a pillar,
which were bruised to at ; the last al prat sore of its
effects MJS 6,14 s pew heluw, , one ni.!,• of whit h thatlere4
to picces.--; for .trt.:l

PLD BAILEY, ru• SDAY. DUMBER :O.

T. Pales Wit iodichtl for elesIME two t.ilter watches,
pry pie, sy 11. Hwy awl %Y. Perkior„
Ihe Priron. r rr c. iced she wrtchrt to '0144,1,41 paw* •1
them wiihmit the ksowitrfr,e or consent of she owNera.
This. the Comore, for she Pri•on.r rwholoird, Ira. ors ofrueo
pooirhAdr by the P:wolbokei's %cI, by rufous:ars" courieis..l
brfore • M•es-trri..

The rum Igor Stnj?AT 1,4 hi he h 441 no th)uht ~f is 1), in g
3 t luniow aprrups Winn the pope.:7 to Li...wn OM%
wiihnnll the fun.ent .if the IMO. 14. Ile weu d, how,,
trona', the pain, f.r the uponi• w ut the Ju.;g 3.
lie Jury rein. u.,1 a ver.bei, Thal :he Peiane,
pawned Ilba walglns from ohelresa, and oat Now any re h.
aiciis infest. . .

The enitittrir S said be reel./ n,.t rereive tl..it
',edict, ay. if elwy betieied that the Pri-oiser had so Si I. -
rinse iniewt, they most arquil bits. lii. easel's.' .0 oh be
rate could only be the of a civil action fur the 10[4.
V. ry aline property.
TI. Jay us this inelainly 'Opined the Ps isomer.
The Poisoner was •hi-n a_3;ll ii.J.eoid far s aimila, uffrmes,
snit was isstsatly f,uad Guilty Opus evuh.e•ee pre:ibel
sionlar), setiers to the opinion of
Altar, A.ne Anal 11134 Ilrlritinv weer indirlr•l
fir stealing to. oty yards of piipli:i, ;he piu; r►.y of E.
Clements. privately in hie situp.
Tee Pi Mollr.lll wrest is. the shop soul lookeel et some et iffii
o hum Davis held up a piece before Air -other Prssisser. Iwo/
shin she put it &au, the apieremsire, what tres altearitig oh. 41
the tousle, missed a pare of poplin from slat roast r, anal
swipes kid the Prier err Heslclutsa hail takes is. After look
at a great wally Illnte,at Oar el ich ssi:eh them, ol.ry
going away, but wire stoppeO, atiJ the poplin fousil i;1
Hutehins's side modern. soh Mee clolica. Skr .aid sic h.. I
no intention of t.king it whew she west into tLe
Verdict—lion Godly.
The Sessions ended this arty. she., sentence sal
prosiness' cc! on the several Pri+ussersovi under :
Death—en Henry Thompsee, for forging elle( lie an A
baiik int hotter; Thoussis Ikakiss, WiVissit Hal!, AVll:lai.e
Percent!, Chat Ire Yates, Hem y Turner, Unsaid jßzo. 'mg
Tholes' !brit, for Ism gins y ; John (li'-ter and "Ilmisaas
lkrtraad, for highway stibbcss ; Itolse,t Watts, (Or house-
breaking in the slay titer; Paar, stifle ‘Vii!iari
Warren, and William Coriell. (4,r h..ne •tea4ng; as.-1
Nowell Wilkins•nr sal Juicy!' Marsden, fur stvaling us. use
'UM Thins e.

Of Tronvortation
_Pr Life—rws John Duran, Thi.maa
Words s, As ham-, Janina Dawkins, Johu !Lipkin, Sa.
morel Chipp, John Cook, Julio Sullivan, Robert tVliell7,
James Collins, John Moore. Sarah Stearns, and Carisliva
limiterworib,
Fur Fourteen Timrs—rnn Jnbu John Rislouti,
Joseph Whams's, Tbusose Foy, and G.rerhas Reynold'.
Fur Saco rears—on Thomas Nichu:sun, Robert Wilmot*
Williams Bratty, John Lung,'lbunsas Mawr sr, lVillinws Hikers,
Williams Hisswell, James Josses, Joseph Dm is, Thomas Tsy.
toe, Witham, Mason, Hobert Clark, Michael Davis. Ruls et
Perry, Joseph Tubbs, NI khan, Busch, Galas iel Myr'', itiliert
Day. Robert Jorkino, James LubimSaintiel Schofield, *Visor,
Williams, John 14urb, Samuel Davis, George Warren, Win.
Welsh. Samuel Tarsier. Timms Scniur, Jobe, Cusgrave
ley, Thomas Fleleher, Richard Forrest, Charles Brown,
William Wooduem, Henry Tew, John Laue, James Bowler,
Thomas Wilson, John Limon, 1054 Th Williams, Timms,
Flood, Henry Bryant, ‘Villi•us Cullius, George Bormuch-,
Elsa drilla Clark, Sarah Slllllll, Alla Franks, El.zabe•li Kinsey,
Steams Mme, Auu Jenkins, Mary Quiniun, don Jacksuu,
Mary liadden.
tVilliain Junes was sentenced to be imprisoned and kr, t
In hod labour is. the House of Correclion fur two year, ;
etreu wire sentenced Ut like maims r fur uue ye... ; fade.,
for six months; seventeen fur three tawaihi; several toe
shorter periods, and to be some privately and some piddic.
whipped; (NO were fill d ant shilling earls and duch,rgrd ;
apd judgnseul ou Cbarlutie Daggett was respilcd until mat
&mums.

The Com t theu adjourned to Wednesday the gib Jauttar,.

F(ILI(.*E.

MANSION Housr.

DARING HIGHWAY ROBBERY.

Yesterday a lad named John Ruberis, apparently not mire
than 111 years of age, was brought before the Lord Mayor, ina
a charge of having robbed a Mr. Reid of a silver watch,
chain, swats, &c. ow the highway.
Ti.e Prot. tutor slated that he is the ,litiriman to Mr. mishit
Danvers, of Nu. 81, Aldergate str.ct, and was •lannin,t-
-within the threshold of the shop door at about siz o'clock 04
Monday evening, wk. u an over-driven ox went by, followed
by a grist rabble of the vilest characters. As be was match-
ing thesis passing, the Prisutier rushed in the dour titian hint
with his shoulder, and at that moment the l'roset utor fe t
his watch escape, which he endeavoured to preset'', ly seiz-
ing it. The Prisoner, however, gut it away by a desperate:
jerk, and made off illus. his tompatriins with the bullock.
The Prosecutor pursued him, aad was ow the point of seiz-
ing hien, when he received two blows from twined, one lie
which felled him to the ground, and he was glad to make list
. . .

Mr. Harrison, a tradesman residing in the neighbourhood,
and who witnessed the rubbery, stated that he pursued the
Prisoner, and secured him before his compiaions could d. t
his assiatauce. Immediately the Prisoner was sea 41 he
threw away the watch, winch re Wooded from the poise mesa
into the kennel. He was immediately hurried into a ring ,
sod kept he safely until so Ober, arrive.', into abuse e Lae pe
he was given.
Several other witnesses corroborated the statement. Throe
were • peg of desperate 'meioses chatiio, the an.• 441, al .s
committed de-medal ions all the way they went.
The Prisoner was fully committed In evoke his trial oot tai
charge of highway rubbery, mid the parties bound user
prosecute.
A fellow siamed Carts, was bra right rip on suapscion of
bowleg been s at meaty to the rubbery.
Vl'et are glad to learn that the parish of Whilecharl
availed themselves of vise soggestouts to station officers st
the mouthe of all the alleys, by-lanes, sad well-known rs-
crialaclea of thieved, where they seer in the habit of see kirg
shelter Gem pursuit, and lying is wait for passenger
Forrester, the officer, stated to the Lord Mayor, that dad.
ing the last month private patrols bad beet' ,ppotilteg',
who we.", sts4 ,ned at the autraisces of Obese sonar as
all, es a twee thieves were sea allomed to see k refuge Iron.
and 'odes* bail beta given them, that nitrite en.
they heat el the try of " Stop 14i. f!" 16.7 should ...cote say
suspicions rharaeters who attempted to en° dn's thee,
placed. A patrol, who had been stationed is the month of .n..:
uf these I rerplat Ir., hemd the cryuf " Slap hoef!" and vo .1:
the Prisoner as lie attenuated to make vas war d.tau it. lid
was well kuown to the office'', who stated that Le had sires- y
been at the Old II _Vey; but none of the Pl4o(l3lita I • could
identify huts, as they said the thieves were so al ry cunnesuus,
The Prisoner protested that be was Kiddie{ out of site ar•v
of the butlu,k, mud not *fatly porawers. He :1.6.1 worked
hard .reeesily, and was ready, he said, Is brute to,, swore,
with whom he hod lodged, to give him the best of C:.4, WIMP
Ile was remanded.

A autumn wt.° had folluirtd Hesketh :be oifiter oh.• is
had the Prisoner Kobe' is is custody, situsiog him eud tlic
desiao of turtling a mob •gii•.' bim, twos euui,u. titil
itrideart II fur one mouth. Abe was tier psimatior of ltjbe.t..

BOW•S'I,LE et.
Yesterday Mr. John %Tillan, well koosiu as a.. ,Atensite
prop. retro of wage coddles ■t the Butl-attd-Muu.ll 100, a •4
summoned 41 appear before Tlu•to.c Hell, Esq., 11. e ar. tin;
Magistsate, wpow all ihfuttnittou laid egairrat biro by
Martin, a eumouo informer, fur rturyiug right urstsnis p.,-
stows VII a CerialU stage-coach, dratettity three Irtosas, 0.1
Widuestlay last.
It appeared from the evidence of J4me• Iketrwrli (nisi)
eousami informer), that be resided is Ditity-laue, cod apt, t
bribe saked by the drib what prufessiou air business he w•.,
i.e replied " a gentleness," which coated a laugh; that lw
ass at Tyburn-turnpike un Wednesday evening last, sail br
saw the Dcfrodaut's coach; draws by there horses, goorg to
Hirmingbaus and thfurd, it had eight salstrje passengers
Uo.idei 11. e coachman. The ace the ease fur the pruss-crition.
M.. :1..; met att.ndci NI the U. ft:adept, Ow atietetl ellat

■

■

~;
!`

~.~

■

t,.1~

..•

he arknowledged 'lie Get as to trim( the witness had sworn
lint he wan instructed to Inv it arose from a (lit-urn-
s:mice unexpected to the ir.nprii tor or coachman sio the
oath lea virg the yard; he should therefore call the coach-
-1 tan. who aware that be was the driver IM the day in pees•
t ion, and that o hen be got to Oxford,rtreet he found one of
be (ore hnnws in is complete male of ealisosti ..... •ud ihn
p-rspiration pouriiii like water down its body, and he VIII
unable to proceed rut (her than the Gloucester warehouse, and
r herr fire was ofilrged to proceed with only three horses. At
el is period the informer took • formal objection that the
• • 'loess being the drover, he himarlf was culpable, and there•
tore relieved the Defeittlant from the liability of the penalty.
111 r. Flak the Magistrate, said. this lie was not such a
rind witness as he could have wished, and would postpone
the ex .minalion until the evening, when the guard should
in order to corroborate him; but just as the parties
•were leaving the office, the witness, on the part of the prose.
rution, said, that be had since made inquiry about the horse,
and found that it wan in • male of sickties.;.

The Magistrate then arid, siiiihrr the circumstances, he
not trouble thy parties to attend again, and therefore
ifnmissrJ the information.

QURF.N•SQUARE.
SACRILEGE IN WESTMINSTER ACREY.

Ye.teriley the Magistrates of this Office, T. Itaynesfurd
•sntl K. J. White, Ettqrs were employed for some time is in.
•.st mating • charge made against some of the workmen em-
ployed in repairing and snaking improvements in Westmia-
►ter Abbey, with kering sacrilegimaly stolen some valuable
move ornaments and candelabra from Edward the Con-
,fetwor's Chapel.
From the statement of a gentleman named Glanville, who
beloup to the office of the Dean and Chapter of Westmia.
r ter, it appeared that, in pursnanee of • resolution of the
Hese awl Chapter, about one hundred artisans of different
trade, were employed to elm, repair, rind beautify the
Ahhey. The cartons ornaments in the chapels containing
the tomba of England's ancient Kings, composed of silver
nod brass of excellent workmanship, were removed for the
purpose of elranitig and repairing, and un last Friday week
mane of the said ornaments were stolen. The dtacovery did
out take place till Wednesday last, and then about 20 or 20
mess who, had been employed 111 that part of the building
where the robbery was committed were discharged at a
moment's notice, by order of the ()teen. Some of them bad
wives and large families, and the event was the cause of
•etistaideralile disircas. Information wag given at Chleerh
Friare pollee-office of the robbery, and George Pople and
Handley, officers, wire employed to discover the robber..

Yodereboy 7'ltmaoe and Samuel Gregory (hrothers), and a
masa oilseed D►ummer, were brought up by the officers,
a 'WV.' with tlraling the property from St. Edward's Chapel.
The Prisoner Drummer, o• witnessing the discharge of
FOCI, a number of workmen, and the distress it occasioned,
• fell some compunctious visitation■ of conscience, and on
the following day went voluntarily forward mod admitted
•that be and the tither two Prison►rs who were empinyrd with
him, hail stolen the property. The parties were apprehended,
end the other workmen who had been discharged were taken
on again.
Mr. Glanville said, thml she chief object of the Dean and
Chapter was, so recover the property, as it was maisufse.
lured in the reign of Charles It. and it would be almost im-
possible to procure models like them, or to get articles ma-
of the Fame pattern._

The Prisoner Drummer, to farther the ends of justice,
NT as admitted by the Magistrates so approver.
Drummer stated that hums'', and the Prisoners were on
Friday week a 1 work in St. Edward the Coof,ssor's
and they agreed I. poirloin the property, to sell it, and divide
the money; they carritd it otr and conveyed it to the house
of a dealer su marine stores, arid be purchased it, ■ud they
divided she money amongst them.

The officers, Pople and Handley, staled, that on receiving
the above intone-melon from Drummer, they went to the
house of the receiver, near Orchard-street, Westminster,
who raid that he did nut recollect purchasing such properly,
but if he did, it was gone to the refiner's to be melted.

The Magistrates committed the Piistmers ►ur final exami-
nation on a ramie day, when the officers, said they should be
Alpe, thy 014,11.7.1 d, to bring forward more satisfactory and
culielu,,re rcidence.

IIiSGIZACEFUL OUTRAGE IN THE FIVE.FIELDS,
MIL7M CV•

Mr. Tartan, the Barrister, mienderl at this office, to give
iohnsnalion ur a riolinag assemblage of persons which col-
I, fled in she fields at the bark of Chester street, Grmverstsr-
pikce, cud to sear of hes Mouse, on Sunday morning. creat-
ing zre.t terror suit alas amougst the whole neighbour.
I 1.

The Complainant said that every Sunday moraing, for •
ronsid. table lime pro, a vast comber of persoos collected
in those fields, and generally commeaced iti the morning by
• fichtiog pitelic d battles, afterwards gambling, &c. till e►en-
•ug ; they were of course formed of thieves ■ad •agabonds
of .•re:y description, amid if a better conducted person or a
stranger happened to pass that way, he would be sure to be
i 4-treated, and robberies iansimerable were daily committed.
If the offenders acre drive•• away from one field they would
assertible in mmth••r, and set their opposers at defiance.
Al Airy-break be (Mr. T) was roused out of h!s slumber, and
PAM it wawa usual, a prize fight; lie observed several whom
be knew by sight, and discovered the names or malty of
them. He Aim sent for the officers, who attended home-
ehately, bat lie • would not have them to apprehend any of
ahem, because they promised to attend before the Maris-
trete* of their OWIII accord, but not having dune so, be wish-
ed warrants to be granted against them.
The Megishate asked if be ietilly intended to prosecute
tlirm, awl lie answered in the aflirmati►e, as it was a most
serious evil to the whole urighbourborid, and there was uo
other mesiis of suppressing it than by malting a public ez-
ample of those seliihre identity could be proved.
The .Magistisae applauded Mr. Tlifil,tl fur his 'plaited
rtaiduri, observing, that lie highly d • d the thaelts of
tire public. His information was then liken down by Mr.
Millar, the clesk, amid warrants granted against • lof the
offenders.

I.A►IBETH•STREET.
I•rrierdsy Richard Christopher Cato, alias Black link,
loving a insn of cooloor, was re exstuisied on a charge of ',ob-
lng else firm of Messrs. Horsfurd And Wlll s, stogrons, of
gattlifi•liigliway, of tea sovereigns, a five pound mire, and
oweniy.six shtlhuga iw Miser.
Tlw office was excessively crowded by several eminent
gentlemen in the medical profession, lk-mercers, weavers,
uo:d other ►espeetabte sndrsidoal•, who had been rubbed and
1311.011t.ti upon by the Prisoner mad others of his colleagues,
rot )es in curiously. They were rn alleiulauee to give
i %Ochre nesinel the Prisoner, if required.
Mr. Thomas Gibson Willis, surgeon, of the firm of Hors-
lad trod Willis, of Ralehif.highway, knew the Prisoner
from his being in the habit of being relieved by Dr. Elmsford,
as he thought, at the recommendation of Mrs. Fry, Dr. Noel,
mod other permits well known for their sets of benevolence.
Tile P. illOllll calved vie Friday eesinighl, and said he came
wish ■ message flora Dr. Noel, of the Mendierty Society,
P.rd Lion•square. lle requested Mr. Willis to take the mes-
sage to Dr. Hursfuid. who a 1 the time was confined to his
room, and Use would arm for so answer. He accordingly
4,rui up siaira, and during his absence the P. ironer opened
• to &some and souk out Ow casls•box, which witness hsd put
I::ere prim to bra going up stairs, containing the properly
•urut:u,,cd in the 'barge, and the Prisoner had absconded.
lie Info the srrvwl in the parlour cleaning ibe windows whew
I.e ascot up stairs, and she beard the drawer shut while the
Prisoner was there.

&Nit Wheeler, the servant. corroborated the above facts.

Shams. Stratton said Alfielil, sulsuiun, of 41, Slime.
made a chaise sgainst Hie Prisoner of ►tea6ai; some
►aver spoons, sod uthsr pinprrty, muster similar circuits-
starters.

Dr. Cairen, Physician to the Royal Navy, residing i•
Gloureater.terracr, Wifitrelsarl, slated, that the Prisuure
• Ono t time ago called at his house and inquired of
*is daughter whrtber Ire wa• at home. On seeing the
P.i.oner he informed him that he had called on the
;moonlit...dation of Messrs. I.vvern and Bing, sugar•rufiucrs,
raindni Gibson, and Mis. F.y, to know whether he (the
P.sriur) was in want of a tervaut. lie staled that he had
141 u redeemed by Mr.. Fry Goof a state's( slavery, and had
j r•t come to this country with Captain Davies; witness as-
him that I.e would ttee Lis (Innis to proctor him ■
an.l lie qultirtl Ilse Flare thanking him fur his
had tut been gone lung whin it ass dIICU.

•
ver►d that lie bad stolen * box of ennsarrable •alue
which tool heels mode a present to his daughter by a
rls.tingssialicd family when they were abroad. :He in
rompany with his daughter found out where the Prisoner
Dwelt, and they called on him, and promised not to interfere
in prosecuting hum if lie would return the box; to which he
fomented, if it could be procured from the po ion of
another person. lie ascertained that the Prisoner was con-
nected with a man named Sharp, of whom he received a de-
scription. On his return home with his (laughter, he had occa-
sion to go to the London Ducks ; he had not quitted the place
lung before a Mall, in every respect answering the descrip-
tion of Sharp, called to him house, and inquiring for Mrs.
Cairns, raid, that Dr. Cairen, who was at the Loudon Docks,
haJ sent him for his can sod umbrella, which were imme.
diately given to him, sail he quitted the place ; he had pot
long before paid ail guineas for the coat ; on his retorts
home, however, the imposition was discovered. The latter
past of the Doctor's statement caused much mirth.
Mr. Boman, a silk-mercer, made • similar charge, sod a
great namber of respectable individuals were aoxiuus to
give their depositions.
It was stated that the Prisoner alone was traced to have
practised the above mode of rubbing on no leas than 60 no-
dividuals. He generally represented that he came from
Mrs. Fry, Dr. Noel, and other reputable persons, and under
this rep r lesson was facilitated in his Mfamoses object.
The Magistrate remarked, that one case was sufficient to
commit the Prisoner upon, and Mr. Willis, &e. were bound
over to prosecute at the Old Bailey Sessions, when others
who hail charges to make were at liberty to attend and give
e►idence,

TOWN•HALL.

MELANCHOLY CASE.
A middle-aged female. dressed in ragged sable, and whose
haggard countetiance still exhibited t f former beauty,
yesterday applied for parochial relief for herself and two chil-
dren, who were exposed to the keenest distress.
It appeared (ruin her statement that she was born at St
John's, New Brunswick, in British Columbia, where she
married au eminent merchant, by whom she had Iwo chil-
dren. At his death, which happened about two years ago,
he left her considerable property, and also provided hand.
somely for the children. In an evil hour she was induced
to listen to the addresses a a person calling himself Cap-
tain M•Govrran, who represented himself as a man of for-
Now, and they were ultimately married. She niifortunately
intrusted him with the documents relative to her children's
fortune, and at his suggestion a vessel was purehased and
they came to England; but he had scarcely landed them in
[Antilop before he turned every thing be could into rub, and
abandoned them to their fate. After some mouths, during
which they were exposed to the severest privations, her has.
baud having dissipated all she brought Inhim, was arrested,
and now bra in the king's Bench prison; but nothing could
induce him to deliver up the papers, without which the
childieu would be deprived of their natural inheritance—
She had been many days exposed to the pangs of hunger
and thirst, when she unexpectedly found a friend in that
CV-PU.III institution the Mendicity Society; but not bring
such au objet an is contemplated by the rules and consti-
lotion nf that Society, she was discharged, and was now
again thrown upon the world without a hope.
The pariah officer admitted that he knew the material part
of her story was true; but be thought as she had been
already troubli sonic to him, she ought " to give some other
parish a turn."

Mr. Alderman Smith inmanily ordered her temporary re-
lief, and eloalaing for her children.

INQUESTS.

An Inquest was held at the Fortune of War, Portsmouth,
on Thursday last, before Mr. F. Howard, Coroner, on a view
of the body of Julio Tucker, • seaman, who was discovered
banging to a bed-post, at the Neptune and Mars, where be
hail taken lodgings for the night. It appeared in evidence,
that he went into that public-house on Tuesday evening,
being a strange►, and sitting himself down in the tap-room,
he called for a pint of beer, with which he was supplied;
that be placed :himself is the darkest part of the room,
•nd although several persons were drinking mud conversing
in the same room, he did not appear to take any notice of
them, but sat to a melancholy mood, with his elbow npo■
the table, and his brad resting upon his hand, for more than
an hour, when he went to bed, previously to which, however,
he had booked his name, and paid ten shillings and six-
pence to Mr. Parnell, the landlord (who is a partner of the
packet), for his passage to Plymouth. Oa the folluwiug
afternoon, the servant, on going into the bed room to make
the bed, found the deceased suspended by • black silk
handkerchief to the bed-post; she called MINIUM", and
the body was cot down, but it was quite cold ; Ise appeared as
if he had been dead some hours. Os searching the deceased's
pockets, there were found between six ■nd seven pounds in
money, two silver watches, • gold ring, • red morocco
pocket book, and several papers, one of which was a
certificate of the illicit:tee of John Tricker, from his Ma-
jetity'a ship Spencer, on the Ist iOllllllll, when that ship was
paid off, to which it appears he bad belonged upwards of
three years, as so able stamen. A smart ticket was also
found in his possession, by which it appeared be was a na-
tive of Ilfracombe, in the county of Devon, and was 30
years age. Verdiel--/nerutity.
On Monday evening William Robinson, about 18 years
of age, the uoder.waiter at the Black Lion Inn, Scantling
Moor, Noll., retired to his lodging.room, and is • short
time afterwards the report of a gun was beard; on proceed-
iug to the spot, he was found lying on the flour • lifeless
corpse. It apneas he had placed the muzzle of the gun in
his month, coasequently his bead was dreadfully shattered.
Nu cause east be assigned for Committing this rash act. He
was a young man of good appearance and much respected.
On Wednesday a Coroner's inquest was held on the body,
when a terdict was returned of Insanity.

DISTRENSING OCCURRENCE.

[From " The Lewiston (Niagara) Democrat," Nov. 1]

It becomes our duty this week, to record one of the most
horrid accidents which can possibly fall to the list of bumau
being . The facts, as near as we can gather them, are
these :—On Sunday last, some families, who had been living
on Navy Island, in the Niagara river, had made preparations
fur removing so die Canada shore, and hsd loaded a boat
with their household effects. The wind rising to a conga-
derahle height, it was thought imprudent, by some of the
party, to attempt crossing so near the falls with the wind
blowing down stream. Some of them, consequently, re-
fused to embark; but three men, more bold, ur leas con-
siderate than the ml, went aboard for the purpose of cross-
ing ; but thinking proper to wait • little fur she falling of
the wind, they all laid down to sleep. During this time,
the rising of :he water, or some other cause, loosened the
host from its moorings, and these unfortuuate mess soon
found themselves fast approaching the rapids, which kd to
the main falls. Nu lininun power could stow save them, and
they were precipitated into the 'geniil world by our of the
mesa awful deaths which it is possible to conceive. Mauy
of their goods were seen floating below the falls, muds
broke,. to pieces, except a dining table, which floated ashore
uninjured.

Os Tuesday night an Mr. Outlier, one of the Magiatrates
at Union Hall Police-office, was riding tu bin chaise, mecum.
fowled by his servant, iu Priticts-sireet, Sohn, he slopped
at a mustc•shup, and his servant went to the bead of the
buries, when an audacious thief look his cost out of the
chaise cud ran oft', but he was seen by too children, who
made en alarm, and he was followed and secured With the
coat. He was iusiausly taken before Mr. Conant, at Marl-
lwrough-street, %there lw gave his name Charlie Newman.
He was fully committed for trial.

On Tuesday night as the carriage of Mr. Si.*
mumps, of Russell-square, was golug empty from
the dour, two thieves came up and took out the
'Klass,' with which they rats otf, lout the coachman
°lwo risig them, made ass nnusedi ate pursuit mut took
cone of them, hut the other escApecl with the glows.
The glasses had been stolen to the tame manner
flout the carriage of Mr. Justice BURIIOUGH.

rtruss AND RENTS.
At a meeting of the Landholders of the Union of Thomas-
town and Colloovkill, ih this county, convened by sum-
mons, on Wednesday, the '2Bth day of November last, and
held in the Court•house of that town, fur the purpose of ea•
forcing the payment of tithes, Sir J. C. Coghill, Hart. as-
sisted by another Magistrate un the Bench, it is consoling to
find, that after a lung and impartial investigation, the op.
right and independent Magistrate alluded to, has sot only
reduced in amount the general rate of such valuations as to
his judgment appeared oppressive (and thus the frequent
and baneful source of rural discontent),—that is, from twelve
to eight shillings the acre for potatoes, wheat, &c. and so in
proportion for other grain ; hut also, taking a conscientious
view of the subject, and justly considering the present tow
and liuctaatiog price of all agricultural produce, has, in the
true spirit of conciliation and philanthropy, protracted the
usual time of payment to a period more favourable to the
means and expectations of the struggling husbandman.—
A decision such as this is, indeed, eminently due to the
industry and peaceful demeanour of the people here, and
their ready and implicit obedience to the laws.—(KilArrep
Moderator.)

CHICIIRSTRR CHRISTMAS CATTLE SHEW.

The prediction in respect to the index of company, on
Wednesday, at the Beast-market in Chichester, was ,reified;
the competition was great, and the unsuccessful candidates
were gratified with the approbation of, perhaps, some of the
first graziers and agriculturists of the kingdom. After the
spew, 150 persons partook of a dinner at the Swan Inn, and
well satisfied were they with the viand+ set before them. On
the declaration of the prizes, not a dissentient voice wy
heard.—Umpirts, Mr. Hope, of Epsom; Mr. Harmer, of
Brighton ; and Mr. Mailewell, of Dorking. The Right Hoc
William Huskisson presided, who addressed the company at
considerable length un the present state of agriculture, par-
ticularly in this county: the Right Hun. Gentleman recom-
mended patience, and hoped next year the company would
assemble with more smiling fates.
