ROUSE OF COMMONS, tuvuoir, Fga.l3.

• • MiStrLITANOXAgek-
Pk. Mitchinson. from the Book of liatikat. r,.satted an
account of the number of Promissory Notes in circulation under
of the flank of England.—Ordered to he printed.
Mr. Tierney, from the Tax-Office, presented an account of
the Salaries. Allowances, and other Emoluments of the Receive's.
General of Team—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. P. %lOORE brought up the Report on the Petition of the
.Egis and English and Cambrian Life Insurance Company, praying
for a Bill under the usual conditicns.—Leave given. Also the
Report on the Welsh Iron and Coal Mining Company to the same
effect.—Leave giver.
Mr. WHITBREAD brought up the Report en the Petition for
a Bill to regulate the Charity of the late Sir William Harper,
Knight, in the town of Bedford.—Leave given.
Mr. MANSFIELD brought uto the Report on a Petition for a
Bill for the bever regulation of the Melton Mowbray Charity
Lands.—Lenve given.
Sir E. KNA'i CHBULL brought up the Report on the Petition
for a Bill fur the better regulation of Rammpte Pier, and for
building and licensing a Play-house at Itatnagate, in the Isle of
Thanet.—Leave given.
NATIONAL HISTORICAL PAINTING.
Mr. COLBORNE presented a Petition from R. R. Haydrm,
praying that the House would extend its influence and protection
to Historical Painting in England when the regulation of the Na-
tional Gallery should come under their notice.—Ordered to be
printed.

GLOVE TRADE.
t.ord DEEIUIURS'I rose to present a petition from the ma-
nufacturers of gloves in the city of Worcester, praying that the
House would reconsider the regulation for ;dimming French
gloves from anti after the sth of July next. His Lordship nab!
that the petitioners, his constituents, were a most loyal set of
persona, and who had never brought forward any vecanous com-
plaints against his Majesty's Government. In coming forward
tile, did it only for the purpose of asking a boon aso heir hands.
that they might be allowed to work in order to maintain their
families. His Lordship said that if there was any hope of a reci-
procity of feeling on the part of France, it might be matter on
which to found a reason for going on with the measure, hut no
such circumstance was to be expected. He therefore called on
his Majesty's Ministers, In the name of 4e,0011 persons, vs pause
in the carryint the proposed measure into effect, or at least to
allow further time. 11'hat might have beat a very good object
two years ago was not a good one now. His Lordship con-
cluded by recommending the petition to the serious consideration
of the linos.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. T. H. DAVIS rose to present a petition similar vs that
which foul just been presented by his Noble Colleague. It was
front 900 operative glove-manufacturers of the city of Worcester.
He hoped that itihe question regarding the silk trade should go
to a Committee, these petitions would be referred there, in
order that the prayer of them might undergo the most serious at.
tendon. The Huh. Gentleman said that he did not consider it
necessary to go further into the subjectut that moment, se a pe-
tition was about to be presented on which much discussion would
arise, and upon which he should feel himself called on to deliver
his sentiments.
SILK TRADE,
Petitions against the proposed measure for the hitrodoetlon of
foreign silks were presented as follows:—From Braintree, Docking,
and Waltham Crow, by Sir E. Harvey ; from Leek, in Stafford-
shire by Mr. Littleton; from St. Matthew. Bethnal•green, by
Mr. ,F. Buxton; from Chipping. Compton by Sir W. Guise;
from certain individuals of the city of Leominster, by Sir T.
Acland ; from 20,000 operatives of Spitallielda, by Sir T. Leth-
bridge; front the manufacturent of Gillingham, in the county of
Dorset. by Mr. Bennet ; from Sherborne, in Dorset, by Mr. Port.
man ; from the riband-weavers. of Nuneaton, Warwick, by Mr.
Dugdale: from certain manufacturers in the county of Somerset,
by Mr. Calcraft ; repro Huntingdon, by Mr.. J. Calvert ; from
Robert Grove, silk-throwster of Okeham, in the county of Rut-
land : from certain manufacturers of the city of Coventry, by Mr.
J. Williams; also from T. Sawyer and others, of Voggieshall,
Essex, by the Slime ; front the various wards of the city of Co-
ventry, signed by 6,00 U persons, by Mr. P. Moore; and also horn
Robert Arnold, of besishaut, Kent, by Mr. Cueteis.
Ordered to be printed.
CORN I.A WS.

Lord STANLEY presented a petition few the Gentry. Manu-
facturers, and Trade men of the town of Btackburne, iu Lanca-
shire. praying tor the repeal of the Corn Infra.
Also from certain of the inhabitants of the city of Rochester, by
Mr. Bernal; and from Kirby Kendal, Westmorland, by Mr.
Hume.

ABOLITION nF SLAVERY.
Mr. CURWES ptetented petitions from Briggle and Cocker.
mouth, in the county of Cumberland, praying fur the abolition of
slavery.
Also from Westbury. Wilts; by Mr. Bench ; and from Marl. '1
borough, by Lord Btudenell.
NEGRO SLAVES.
Mr. BROUGHAM gare notice that on Wednesday nett he
should submit a notion to the House on the sukieet of the better
regulation of slaves. _
