ed. &c.
fidelity

'.

Frost As Charleston Courier, June 40.1
By the slotip James, Capt. Vincent, arrived yes-
terday from St. Mary'r, we learn that the ship Me-
',or, Capt. Glover, with troops, accompanied by the
United States schooner Porpoise, Lieut. Corn.
-mondani Rummage, had returned to Fernandina,
from 'off St. Augustine, the Governor of that port
flatlet being ready to transfer his command to the
Nororricau Officer.. It was understood that the kb.
1,6 asor mid the Porpoise would sail again to.morrow
for eit. Augustine, the Commandant having slot-
Srd his intention of surrendering the town ou the
• . tEXTRACT el A UV/P.—

_..... HATANWAII, DATED
JUNE 20.
era Crnz
place, with
inivieatious between
the 11181:11
,a Cruz was
place would
that he was
troops in the

sail i• the
left to get
at Port-
of " Le
_ Jane.
recently ad-

respect-

...eeurfente abolition of
slavery in the French Colonies. It is published at
root-au-Prince with muck approbation and eeems
to have excited some interest. It is a warts) pane-
gyric on the liberty. the virtues, and military skill
of the flay riot's, and their improvements in learn-
intr, awl the •Its : but it is written with more real
than disCrimination, and adds no interntiog facts
to our information of that country from other
sourceta. .TtiF writer manifests too much asperity
towards the French Court to have any favourable
inflatnce upuu (ippon affairs. at Paris.—(deco
Yerk Paper.)
~..1 p

FOREIGIV [ATE LUGHNCE.

PARIS PAPERS.

omits AUGUST 1.
Yesterday the King transacted business with the
Minister of Finance. to the evening his Majesty
gave au audience to the Chi!Weller.
PARIS, AUGUST 1.
Yesterday a Council of Ministers was held, at
which his Majesty presided. The Council con-
sisted of the Duke of Richelieu, the Ministers for
the several" depertinents. rind M. Leine. Hi. Ma-
jesty dud not take his usual airing.
The King 'frausacted business in the afternoon
of the preceding day, with the Dake of Richelieu.
Viscount Clistesubriand has tendered his resigna-
tion as Minister Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the
King Of kirussta.
A privete lever from Augsburg, dated the 26111
of Jalv, gives the following -particulars:
The kite's ITC received float Vienna see all of
a warlikcwature. They confirm the movements of
the Soasian troops (*atoned on the banks of the
The Commander in Chief, Count Witt-
genstein, has received private instructions, which
n is tituught relate to the approaching entry of a
carps n'armie into Moldavia.
" Now that matters have assumed a serious cha-
racter, awl that i war appear. imminent, the Porte,
101 we are striurd, has succeeded iu bringing Eng-
land to the • esulutioh of acting as a mediatrix.'"
This liittihgetit-e assumes a certain degree of
cletiit, sluice the British Minister, Lord Strotigford,
who not Only has not left Constantinople, but who
appears to p‘issess some influence over the Oman,
has sent a firteial order 10 all the Consuls of his

oistion empl-yrd in the Ottoman dominions, slot
to allow Turks, and particularly Greeks, to em-
bark on board English ships without special per-
mission. Tine ptoceeding is evidently directed
against Omar Greeks who would seek refuKe on
bosid English vessels. However. the best inform-
ed turn consider it only ire an act of complaisance
on the part of the English Ambassador to the
Porte, arid are convinced it will not be rigorously
rubric, d.

MARSEILLES, JULY 25.

Several correspondents worthy of credit, concur
jn giving the following intelligence, which may re-
Intsire the aitmrehensions of the families of those per-
sons daunted on account of ceutmercial affairs in
certain sea-ports of the Levant
" On the 16th of June last all the Frenchmen
in Smyrna embarked under the ptotection of the
King's ships 1 'Leh sod /a LioNne, to escape
the conftsgration which excited an apprehension
of the rage of the Turks being instantaneously
caned' to the iptitellt !lON% The two men
kd 24. •

A

T'

of the nutional ramie. Their lichee have melted
sway, and our consteuey will fail if we are shrine
dotted. We are, and we wish to be, Spaniards ;
but we are in need of succour, and we hope that
or:terries, which ascend to heaven, will not minim
unheard.
itanalD, JULY 20.
• The last accounts from Vera Cruz are of the 3d,
dal, and 7th of May. They contain various de-
tails of the movements of the Insurgents and of the
.Royal troops. On the 3d an account had beeu re-
ceived by a traveller arrived from Jaleps. that Cal.
Heel* Of the Royal troops) had beets wounded in
both legs, and bad retreated from Tepeace with the
loss of 300 men ; but other account. confirm the
advantages gained by Hevia at Tepeace, sddiug,
dist he wire in pursuit of Herrera in his retreat.—
The Instirgents hell Made an unsuccessful attack
on Jalapa on the 519th of April.
News from Mexico of the 49th bad been receiv-
ed. The Viceroy signified to the Municipality of
Vera Cruz, that he would send troops m soon as
the corps of Herrera. Bisect, end the other tnsur-
gents, were dispersed. The ?townie/el deputation
has inithorised the Municipality to make such die-
barsements as may be necessary in the defence of
the good cause. The private letters speuk of the
Corps of Insurgents and the troops sent to oppose
them. lterhide is said to be at Salvatierra with
4,000 men ; Quintana seems to he called to Mexico.
sth May.--A traveller states that Herrera was
the day before yesterday at Cordoba with Victories
Where he was 'fortifying himself, in expectation if
Nevis, oho was said to he at Si.. Andres.
On the of April Linen Gabriel Moran. and
-Other Acted, returned to Mexico. There had been
various disputes between them, as also with Luaces,
General Cruz, and other commanders. The same
day 139 men and two subalterns of the regiment of
La Corona, the remains of the division that was at '
Acapulco, arrived at Mexico. One thousand
piastres are distributed among them, and the dra-
goons of Sturbide, who came ove, to us.
Advice. from Toluca state that Sturbide was at
Launeles on the 10th, whence he proceeded on the
tint to Citscuaro. Colonel Hentiquez had taken
prisoners a Captain. a Lieutenant, sit Eusign, and
30 soldiers. The plisoners were seotenced to
death, but the Viceroy commuted their punishment
to right years confinement at Acapulco, for the
Coption, six for the officera. and four fur the soldiers.
The Junta of Ceilsorship at Mexico has con-
&milel tote number of the Abeja Poblona, be-
cause after inserting the proclamation of [tut bide,
it apostrophibed the Viceroy, exhorting hint to flee
great severity towards the insurgents. The Junta '
.deehire that this note bewailed them with horror,
we. conseery to the principles of humanity and Mild-
ness dictated by reaftris, by the laws, and by
justice.
A dispatch from Lieutenant-Colonel de
=ft stoups that be had ordered Captain
go to Lapule,-and take from the house or. is
Torres the colours of the regiment . of Santa Do.
mingo ; the 400 soldiers who compose it having
left the place three hours before. The Viceroy
has ordered the colours to he carried to Mexico, the
regiment of St. Domingo to he erased from the list
of the army, the officers to be declured rebels and
unworthy of the mimeo( Spaniart s
A letter of the 24th (rem Mexico mys, B. Bravo
had entered Flascela, where he caused the with to
indeperidetke to be taken. The Governor, Doti
A. Cainpello refusing, was sent to Mexico, where lie
remained. Itorbide was going towards
and in a letter from Quertaro, of the 11th April, it
is said that the whole regiment of Qnei taro, and all
the dragoons of San Luis, had gone over to his
party.
May f. Advices from Cordoba, of the 3d, rays,
that Heels, who was at San kiidres, had gone to-
wards Tepetitlan, and the division of Herrera
marched on the nth for La s Cuilihres ; Victoria
remaining at Cordoba. Since the action at 're-
price, Bravo was at Acjete iu communicutiou with •
II
Herrera.

LIMA, FEBRUARY 9.
After all the sacrifices we have made to repel the
invaders, San Martin mid Cochrane, with the Oak.
tering hope that *se should be ssinsted by the Mt.
ther Country (at least anti ships) we fear that our
Government is inattentive to our critical situatiov,
and that the contest will terminate in our rum. Ii
it has been thus neglectful, if it We reulailied deaf
to oar cries, end, thissily, if it has not sent a naval
force with able officers, it is ■ proof that it desires
we should sink, and be the victims of our enemies,
or that it does not care ■bout pre6eqing!.houiplii
,17111117

Ri
~~

•

,

'

The insertion of the above bulletins renders it
unnecessary to notice various reports which prevail-
ed on Saturday and in the forenoon of yesterday,
some of which 'tilted that her MaJarrt's demise
had actually taken place. 11'e have rearms to be-
lieve that on Saturday her MAJESTY was able to take
MADRID, JULY 22. a little nourishment, which lay on her stomach, and
A *time order has been published at Cadiz, for
that after some sleep she felt herself something bet-
the purpose of repressing the audacity of smugglers,
who catty on their inquisitions operations in the ter. The necessity of maintaining the most per-
most daring nianuer.—(Madrid Papers, July 23-) feet tranquillity having been felt by her 11,11,11 STY
the
that Physicians, eviicl li: tar
carriages
anbu
tth orderase wasbe_
The Court of A s iraisieri BRUSSELS,
the cause of 03f1.M M. aiuledenoar7 Saturday ur by
yay
Stevinette, Eilitorof LI ai Liberal, this morning. longing to her MAJESTY'S suite should pus
M. Beyrns justified clieut with respect to his
itir
the Lodge, and that all inquiries would be
intentions, winch neve were to excite troubles
answered there. This very proper precaution
in the kingdom, or to namit aa act contrary to
good ceder, in writing io the affairsof Naples. increased the fears of the politic, and produced
.M. Sterioette explained some points in les inter- the adverse reports that preveiled on Saturday.
roAutories, in which it was thought there were It was half-psst twelve o'clock last night when
bOtile coittradiciie ns.
the last bulletin was received at Cambridge House.
The Attorney. General replied, after which M.
There were at that time about one hundred per-
At eig,siii defended the interlines aof his client.
At hell-past eleven tl Court withdrew to deli- sour of the superior classes irs-Olitstreet, anxiously,
berate, and at two o'gliresk declared that the four awaiting its arrival. FindiWg that it did not
articles which form the subject of the accusation realise the adverse rumours of the day, they cheered
against M. Sterinetre are culpable.
and separated. 3 et._
South Audi, .-str r was crowded
Three of these articles relate to the policy of Eu-
rope at the time of the insurrection at Naples, and during the whole of the day with persons in-
to the invasion of that kingdonS by the Atisteiens ; quiring after the state of her MAJESTY. A little
after twelve lest night Lord ARCHIBALD HAMIL.•
the fourth is an Ode addressed to the Allied
Powers. He was accordingly condemned to pay
TON arrived in a coach and four. It was eagerly
a fine of 600 florists, in conformity of Ilie decree of
heart by the crowd, who torrent:lied that he was
she 20th April, Isls, and the costs. He was
ordered to be set at liberty. The persons present the bearer of the anxiously expected bulletin,
loudly applauded on hearing the latter part of the but his Lordship had not beers at Brandenburg's
..seetenee. House, and only castle to make inquiry. We
Last Saturday the Seals were removed for a non-
understand that much astonishment has been ex-
Meat from the Office of the Flambeau, to take
some papers from it. It was done by M. Van Cos. cited in the City by the Luau MAYOR not having
Idle. the Judge, and his clerk, in presence of M. received any telficial bulletins of the state of her
Vedeeke, who had been taken out of prison for NIAJESTY'S health. In consequence of ads deviation
4i, purpose. from the wand course of the Home Department,
AUGUST 1.
LORD 1100 D began yesterday to communicate to
-.• .itisitrarnal printed at Mons says, that " the Prince
1 his Lordship direct from Brundenburgh House
•Akentraider of Hobenlohe, wh4as been snuck spoken
of for some time pest, has been assassinated by a 1 the Reports of the Qusareh medical attendanta.—.
StU6nt, who immediately killedhimself." lu its Copies of theta were posted on the trout of the
i.


• -

The Nis°, in passing the Centel, in his yacht,
with that urbanity that ever marks his character.
sent Sir WILLIAM KEPPEL, and others of his suite,
on board. to inquire after the health of-Madame
BEMTRAMD,and family, an also the health of others,
the attendants of N•rot.SoN.

The Paris Papers of Wednesday and Thursday
have arrived at our office. The Session of the two

Chambers closed on the 31st la►t. Recent accounts
from Germany in those papers state, that the
Emperor of Rtrsst♦ had sent his sthimatam to
the Ottoman Porte, and that in the event of
an adverse answer, the Russian troops were
ready to commence hostilities. His Imperial
Majesty, it is said, approves the conduct
of his Ambassador, the Baron Sraonostor 11,
whose firm remonstrance against the cruelties exer-

cised upon the Greeks is the cause of the misun-
derstanding between the two Powers. The Porte,
it is presumed, relies chiefly upon the friendship of
England; as evidence of which, it is said, the
English Ambassador is more favoured then the re-
presentative of any other State. Mr. FRERE, late
Minister Plenipotentiary of England to the Otto.
man Porte, arrived lately at Milan, on his way
from Constantinople.

The French Funds have exp erienced a rise. The
Five per Cent. Consols ure 86 f. 60 c.—Bank
Actions 1,327 f. 30 c.
.4•1111111111 p.
We have received a series of New York Papers
from the 3d to the 10th of July. They confirm
the account of the recapture of La Gusyra and Ca-
meos by the Royalists, but the great strength of
the Patriots in that quarter inspired a confident ex-
pectation of the speedy re-capture of these placer.
Accounts from Curscoa of the 14th June, do not
notice the capture of Lima, which is announced in
the Curacoa Courant of the 10th of that month,
on the authority of the Orinooko Courier of the 14th
April. The New York Papers contain a letter
from Lima of the gili February, which expresses
an expectation that the new Viceroy of that city
would carry on the war with greater energy than
his predecessor.

A letter from Dantzic of the 12th July contains
the following particulars of the conspiracy recently
discovered in Prussia:—" In the middle of last
month • conspiracy was detected in Prussia,
which, though the Government very wisely affect
to treat as an affair of no importance, is said to
have very extensive ramifications. One M. HEDE-
MAItN, of Schoneck, has been arrested, in whose
possession an incendiary proclamation to the Prus-
sian nation was found, ezcit og to the murder of all
foreigners engaged in the military and civil service
of the country, as the most likely persons, having
no interest of their own in the cause, to be opposed
to the diffusion of constitutional sentiments; 17
other persons, among whom were two foresters, one
serjeant, and several farmers, were arrested along
with M. lIIMEMANN, who, without hesitation, con-
fessed himself to be the author of the proclamation.
It is reported that more than 600 persons are im-
plicated in a design to pnwlaint a new constitution,
and that their leaders flatter themselves with
being able to seduce the regiment of militia iii
garrison at Stutgard to j6in their cause. This
affair has produced a great sensation ; and Utr
public is still considerably agitated, from the belie:
that the provinces on the Rhine are also infected
with constitutional fever. The proclamation above
mentioned is couched in such strong terms, that
certainly no German newspaper will ri►k its pub-
lication.

An article from Naples, dated the )4'h ult. in a
French Journal, says--" Last Fi-iday Vesuvius was
covered during the whole day, not with volcanic
lava, bog with snow, winch fell in great abundance
Cud catered the whole su►uwit of the mountain.
This is a phenomenon rarely watuessed here, even to
nutter."

V 0ft....

some ray ana wneat n L./m om utts. Ihe rice
will fetch about 6 dollars per aerobe; the wheat Noe 111. vi t•mac °um, ma.,arlur...i wig WWII nwrg.. sus. Jnit
ructions are given him for the resalataam. of his both leis, and heel retreginifrom Tepiaca with the I. .n.r.4 ID niiirlia
i et trrea as Secretary, J. R. Gr.ovita, Esq, who accompanied
loss of 500 men; but other 'mount. confirm the
.90 to 21 dollars per fanega. Arnetican flour future conduct. There is talk of a oonamemeawat
ativantuges gained by Heals at Tepesca, adding,
... . would sell at about 40 dollars per barrel. At pre- .
sent no business can be transacted as far as regards
.
ships ent"
1 e C
have been ering.
Wane, 74, and Galatea, French ships '
en here, hot sailed three day. ego to the
earthward. The British ship iludromache is now
in the bay."
( From Ms Charleston Courier, June 20.1
. By The .irate James, Capt. Vincent, arrived yes-
terday from St. Mary's, we letup that the ship Me-
teor Capt. Glover, with troop., accompanied by the
.of hoetilities between Russia and
.the Porte. UP
to this moment we have certain information that
Baron S
is closelytr
To the
since the ot, eatioff remains at
watched.
misfortunes experienced Bujukdere, where he "I
rienced by Wallachia.
Jalapa on the hof April.
News from
month of February we must add a ter. d.
. t
rible storm which broke out there on the tithofJuly, that he Was its pu it of Herrera in his retreat.—
on e Instirgents hid niade an unsuccessful attack
'Vero Cruz,
The VimMreottiy99
accompanied by a shower of hail, at large as a got. 14 carps et .
In the course of half an hour. the buildings and fr
'burettes exposed to the wind had their roofs blown
off, and were partly thrown dawn; every window
weabroken to pieces. The singing school in front cotoignof the 211th bad been receiv-
• lied to the Municipality of
that he would semi troops m soon as
f Herrera. Bum, awl the other tnsur-
te, were dispersed. The orovinciel deputation
flee elaborate! the Municipality to make such cis-
LONDON,
MONDAY, AUGUST 6,
—.......—....
THE QUEEN.
1821.
, The following Bulleties have been issued glace
-- Idnar last publication :--. port to convey them to the George Inn •; but
it was previously drawn to the Custom-house, where
they were examined, and a description of their reef-
ral pessons and characters registeeed. It is under-
stood to be Count BERTRAND'S wish to take up hi.
future residence in England. Ills fidelity and con-
stancy of uttschtnent to hie late friend and fallen
master, reflect an honour upon him which gene.
horsemen!. as may be necessary in the defence of " Her Minty has passed as indifferent night; bat boo roes Englishmen admire, and know how to appre.
the good cause. The private letters speak of the hub wine, tranquil sleep this murrain. The general symp- cede. The Count and Countess, and Coosa Mow.
United States schooner Porpoise, Lieut. Com- corps of Insurgents and. the troop. sent to oppose toms remains nearly the same as yesterday.
of the metropolitan's gate was destroyed ; many THOLON, dined on Friday with Sir JAMES and
onaittlant Rummage, had returned to Fernandina. persons lon their lives in the rubbish of the Mien them. lterhide is said to be at Salvatierra with "H. AINSLIE,
Lady HAWIII2O, at the Admiralty Howse, and on
trots toff St. Augustine, the Governor of that port 4,000 men; Quintana seems to he called to Mesico. , tt W. G. MATON.
houses. . . flatlet being ready to transfer his command to the sth May.--A traveller states that Herrera was a PELHAM WARREN, Saturday with Sir GEORGE COOKE, at the Lleute- ''''•
(EXTRACT FROM •• PRIVATE LETTER.)
Norareicair Officer.. It was understood that the Ms- the day before yesterday at Cordoba with Victoria " HENRY HOLLAND. tient-Governor's house. Bort *PARTE, is said to hare
The Conner from Vienne., who ■ernved toeday,
1 .. .
Ilk -tear and sire Porpoise would sail again to-morrow Where he was fortifying himself, in expectation of " Draudenborgh Home, Aural 4, Nine o'Cioeh, a. wt. left a considerable share of his property to the
has brought the following intelligence of a very
for tor. Augustine, the Commandant having mei- Nevis, who was said to he at S. Andres. Count.
itzpiorLant nature, which hes excited a great sense- • Oil the Milt of April Linen atibriel Moran, and t• Her Majesty bar been in • sound sleep slate six o'clock
bird his intention of surrendering the town ou the
The Nieto. in passing the Camel, in his yacht,
ast ellol ulyo
'a . " Extraordinary movements have suddenly take! either Am's, returned to Mexico. There had been this morning, aa4l still remains so. All the symptoms are
(signed ,r before.) with that urbsuity that ever marks his character,
various disputes between them, as also with Luacer, as before."
. .. [EXTRACT IF A LETTER FROM HAVANNA% DATED place Nihon the Russian troops assembled on the
General Crux, and other commanders. The some " Drandenbalgrph Muse, Saturday August 4, 12 °Woe*" sent Sir WILLIAM KEPPEL, and others of his suite.
• JUNR 20. banks atilt. Pruth. Notting imams yet transpired oe
may 139 men and two subalterns of the reiment of on boon). to inquire after the health of -Madame
ft The. loot accoout we have from Vera Crux with regard to the object of these moventenjeofout
is, that 4 Insurgeets are in sight althea. place, With it is believed the itiotaiiin Government. conceiving La Corona, the remains of the division that was at "Her Majesty line had some garufortable sleep since the
ESERTRAMD,and family, as also the health of othsri,
Acapulco, arrived at Mexico. One thousand last seemed." (Sigurd as before)
" st•ntilt *PUY, sad that all anotounications bet/Sae., s just indignation on account of the ontrugesasero piastres are distributed among them, and the dra- a Bratudenburpk House, Saturday, Three o'Cloth.". the attendants of N•eotaox.
Vera Crygatof Mexico are cut off by the Tissue- pretested against Boron Strogoeoff, its Minister at
___.....—_
wits of Stutbide, who cause over to us.
,gents, Abe Coptiria General of Vera Cruz was Constantiuople, has .dispatclied to that capital Another bulletin was expected at four o'clock ; The Paris Papers of Wednesday and Thursday
niterehensive. the inhabitants of that place would a .courier extrmatchuary, who is the bearer of the g Advice. from Toluca state that Sturbide was at
Launeles on the 10th, whence he proceeded on the hut the physiciain, after some consultation, decided • have arrived at our office. The Session of the two
raioe in Livelgr pi the Insurgents, so that he was ultimatum, in which it requires from the Ottoman
11th to Citscuaro. Colonel Hentiquez had taken that, in consequence of the still tranquil state of Chambers closed on the 31st last. Recent accounts
) ehliged to here a trireme party of troops in the Porte the most ampule satisfaction; and as it is more prisoners a Curtain. a Lieutenant, an Eusign, and i AS
der ~.AJLIITY, they Id
"'nu not issue ally until 10 from Germany in those papers state, that the
street to keep, theta wader. than probable the Divan will not accede to the re- 30 solstices. The plieatiere were sentenced to
" A clones). of Spenish t. vessels will mil is the Munstrance of the Cabinet of S Petersburglo a °c lock, at which hour the following was issued : Emperor of Russt• had sent his sthimatam to
commuted their punisionent
I n rllio empires o o foe Tysehoti, the only Ivey left to get war between the two emp is considered toe*. 6- death, but the Viceroy cot s tahea place
in her Majesty's the Ottoman Porte, and that in the event of
. oe •la ears confinement at Acapulco, to AN" y for the "No material chaste ha.
Asnawlemplace m -Mexico." table. M. de Strognual ha• also received orders to .
FRO* Hoorvt.—f? a Correspondent at Port- gait the dominions of the Grand Sknior institute. Contain, six for theofficers, and four fur the soldiers. oginplonas sauce the atoruiug
ii H. AINSLIE, an adverse aitswer, the Russian troops were
' • TIM Junta of Censorship at Mexico has con. "P. WARREN, .au-Prince, we have received a number of "Le nenusly should the detnaud Icgoodisfaction uot Is!ready to commence hostilities. His Imperial
:i.i . ..
're • • .
legrophe, Gazette 1 ffficielle," of the 10th June. complied with." I damite.l utie ingather of the Abeja Pobluna, be- aW. G. MATON, Majesty, it is said, approves the conduct
cause after inserting the proclamation of Itui bide, " H. HOLLAND.*
of his Ambassador. the Baron Sr at:mentor 11,
Alonswer Cinque de Gastine has recently ad- AUGSBURG, JULY 28. l' it apostrophited the Viceroy, exhorting him to use ~_,
----
'decoct's long letter to the Kin({ of France, respect- By letters from the frontiers of Moldavia, it op- great severity towards the insurgents. The Junta Yesterday the state of her MAJESTY sou sec- whose firm remonstrance against the cruelties exer-
jag the independence of Hayti and the abolition of peors that in the engugeusents of the Greek army . okwoore thee this note helosiiro them with horror,
slavery in the Freuch Colonies. It M published at with the Turks, the Anmuts, cessively announced as follows : cited upon the Greeks is the cause of the ennui).
•IVallechialt" and i mu oonseury to the principles of humanity and Mild-
l'utt-uu-Prince with attach approbetion end eeems Moldavian., fled at the fiat onset of the Musultuans, n dictated by reaftris, by the laws, and by a Brandonfinrgi Mute, August 5 (Sunday demanding between the two Powers. The Porte,
to have excited some interest. It is a moon pane- but the Hetairistes fought with determined bray/ ' • Monthly), Nom &Ma. it is presumed, relies chiefly upon the friendship of mike.
, gyric on the liberty. the virtues, and military skill anti chair numbers were reduced to a mere haadfu . a Her Ma eat bas Pu'l 'lle last night be"' ll'aa the England; as evidence of which. it is said, the
'I, .4 i A dispatch from Lieutenant-Colonel F. de Sala.
of the Eli} tiros, and their improvements in learn- The Jews hare conducted themselves ill Mol. rats Male'', that be had ordered Captain Disi to ' .Preceding oust; hat no material important aaleadasaal has English Ambassador is more favoured than the re-
. •• ing,, and the ails :bus it is written with more seal dune with the same cruelty, cowardice, and esio mem plate. 4H. AINSLIE,
0 to Canals,- and take from the house oriPaliF
i , , than diserimination, egad adds no interening facts wilily. wffich they have manifested in the rest of "PELHAM WARREN, presentative of any other State. Mr. FREER, Isle
• Tor the colours of the regiment of Santa Do.
ft it so our information of that country from other l'urkey. At fierizeg, a village mottled by Jews, mingo ; the 400 soldiers who compose it having "W. G. AUTON, Minister Plenipotentiary of England to the Otto.
fili
A • • si•Uret/#. .111 F writer manifests too much asperity two alf tairistes cut off from their companions and
towards the French Court to have any favourable seeking their safety, sere seized, by the itihabitmlle left the place three hour. before. The Viceroy
has ordered the colours to be carried to Mexico, the
" HENRY HOLLAND." man Porte, arrived lately at Milan, on his way
from Constantinople.
.i • o inflaince upuu Haytien affairs at Paris.—(ftem for the purpose of bring Aii ,1 _roomer_ up to the regiment of St. Domingo to he erased from the list et liranetentaurgis House, Sunday Afternoon,
The French Funds have ex erienced a rise. The
I'vrk Paper.) Turks ; but a troop of twenty-four Bitairiates of the army, the officers to be declared rebels and Darn teeter*.
being advised of the circumstance, rushed into the " /ler Majesty's state has not undergone any alteration Five per Cent. Consols are 86 f. 60 c.—Bank
unworthy of the mimeo( Spaniarr s
FOREIGN IN TE LUG ENCEb • villerre and freed their comradeso after having slain
oIA letter of the 24th from Mexico mys, B. Bravo same the morning. Actions 1,527 f. 30 c.
twenty-two Jews and Jew eses (fur the linable had veered Flascels, where he caused the mob to aH. AINSLIE, —.....w5wi.......-
t. PARIS PAPERS. .women took a part in the alien). and emanated indapendenee to be taken. The Governor, Don "P. WARREN, We have received a series of New York Papers
.1 ' ' many other acts of vengeance. A. Catupello refusing, was sent to Mexico, where he i, W. G. MATON. from the 3d to the 10th of July. They confirm.
41 PARIS AUGUST 1. The 'folks have published at Jassy a incidents- remained. ltnrbide was going towards Valladolid, "H. HOLLAND."
i, Yesterday the King transacted business with the - t;on isi which they invite oil the friends aura and in a letter from Quertaro of she llth April. it .jjej • _ the account of the recapture of La Gutty's end Ca.
Munster of Firiance. In the evening his Majesty suoiotte pale, whether F.ranks or Moldais - •
s ■
card that the whole regiment of Qnet taro, mill not .
, all er . newly has passed a enure tranquil day, and is recces by the Royalists. but the great strength of
gave all audience to the Chohceller.worse this evening. (Signed as before.) the
boyards or merchants, &c. to return to that cape- Patriots in that quarter inspired a confident ex-
, the dragoons of San Luis, had gone over to iii.
I IPARIII, AUGUST S. • tal. But few individuals of smote, particularly
Yesterday a Council of Munsterr eras held, at among the burred*, place any reliance on this
which kis Majesty presided. The Council con- "boeyourdi (friendly older)the expression party.
May f. Advices from Cordoba, of the 3d, gays,
that Heel., who was at San kiidres, had gone to- " Braisdeneurph House, August 5, Ten o'Clock, p n•."
pectation of the speedy re-capture of these places.
The insertion of the shove bulletins renders it Accounts from Curacoa of the 14th June, do not
unnecessary to notice various reports which prevail- notice the capture of Ulna, which is announced in
tasted of the Duke of Richelieu, the Ministers for
.iviiends of the Porte," leaves a discretionsry wards Te
IF .petitlan, end the division of Herrera
tlo, several - depsninents, nod M. Leine. Mi. Ma- power of, punishing those who may not be costa' marched on the 4th for L: s Cuilihres ; Victoria
ed nit Saturday and in the foretioon of yesterday, the Carom' Courant of the 10th of that month,
jesty dud not take his usual airing. ,detedas its friends, and it is well knows, that the remaining at Cordoba. Since the action at Te- some of which stilted that her NlaJarrv's demise on the authority of the Orinooko Courier of the 14th
The Kiel;tinitaticted business in the afternoon Jew', with .the eminence, it is tiairl, of a foreign '
peace, Bravo was at Ac. jets its cummunicatiou wills lard actually taken place. We have reason to be- April. The New York Papers contain a letter
1 of the preceding day, with the Duke of Richelieu. consular ogee*, have furnished the Turks with lists
li . i Viscount Cledesubriand hoe tendered his retainer- of all those who have in any manner conducted y yp
nas Minister Pleuipoteutiary to his Majesty the ditonselves as partisans of the Greeks. Three Herrera.
A .erase order has been pubs shed at Cube, for lieve that on Saturda her MAJESTY was able to take from Lima of the gib Februar .which ex resses
MADRID, JOLT 22.
tio
a little nourishment" ' which lay on her stomach, and
an expectation that the new Viceroy of that city
Kim, of Prussia. boyards have elready lust their heads. that after some eh ep she felt herself something bet- would carry on the war with greater energy than
King• the purpose of repressing the audacity of smugglers,
A privete letter from Augsburg, dated the 26111
TRIESTE, JULY 19, who catty on their inquisitious operations in the his predecessor. ter. The necessity of meintantieg the most per- _
of Jelv, gives she following particelars:
/Extract from a Castmerei 1 .a. Letter.) most daring manner.—(Madrid Papers, Ja& 23.) feet tranquillity hewing been felt by her MAJESTY
" The Mottle we received boot Vienna ere all of
1 ' a warlikgoutiure. They confirm the movements of . Letters from the Levant state, that several islands
in the Archipelago liaise recently joined the general ERUSSELS, JULY 31. .11(1 enforred by the Phrticians, an order was A letter from D . • antzic of the 12th July contains
the following particulars of the conspiracy recently
1 the Aeolian troops cemented on the banks of the association of the islands, after having got rid of - . . . .. . .
The Court of di 5 itallikel the, cause of M. issued on Saturday that no. carriages but those be-
discovered in Prussia:—" In the middle of last
Pruitt. Tim Cominsoder in Chief, Coma Witt-n winette, Eilinirof tl az Ltberat, this morning. tinging to liar el
... Al KETT'S suite should
the Turks who were in them. Chios is one of the t' . . . . Pus month a conspiracy was detected in Prussia,
geosteie, has received private instructions, whirl) Beyens justified client with respect to hes
number. All attempt of the inhabitunts of Rhodes . the Lodge, and that all inquiries would be which, though the Government very wisely affect
whichato lie troubles
. err(
IA la 1,11u0,,ht relate to the approaching eutry of a
, e to accomplish the sante object has not succeeded. intentions,
answered there. This very proper precaution to treat as an affair of no importance, is said to
carps warm& into Moldavia. wit e kingdom, or to roma est act contrary to
There have bees, unite brisk engagements in the I
od• . . . Starve very extensive ramificiations. One M. [UDE-
' Now -that matters have assumed a serious elm- rustle QD the affairs of Naples. incrtased the fears of the politic, and produced
Wand of Clinch. betweeu_the Turks end Greeke. g..°.;
.'o et.' '" # ... . . .
of Schoneck has been arrested, in whose
view, sod that i war appears im 11l i l tent, the Pprte, • ntersoette expiaterd some points tir his inter- the advebse reports that preveiled on Saturday. Mama, '
The iiiiAt.energetic tneasures are to be put iu ex- possession en incendiary proclamatiou to the Prue-
,. . ries in which it was thought there were
.101 we are strived, has succeeded in bringing Eng_
cut' f I . fof Aal . the "a-at. ', , ~om . out se regal orcement our oli *lll It was half-past twelve o'clock last night when • - was found d• 't the of all
Pan nation oun , exci ng to murder
laud to the itsClUtil3l3 of acting as a mediatrix."' Adriatic. souse coritranictions.
the last bulletin was received at Cambridge House. foreigners engaged in die military and civil sentre
• This imeitigence assumes a certain degree of .... ROME, JULY 18. The Attorney. General replied, after which NI.
'there were at that time about one hundred per- of the country, as the most likely persons, haviito
credit, since the British Mini Lord Stroligforti,Beyens .Gain defended the intentior a of his client.
On AR 14th of this month the second battalion
I - who not only has not left Coster, ' atinople, but who of the Aostrion to
girneut of Lichiensteio arrived bAt hull-poet eleven the Court withdrew to deli- sous of the superior Classes itakestreet, anxiously Ito interest of their own in the caose, to be opposed
I Pt• d hassle. and at two exteetit . .
' declared that the four awsitieg its arrival. Findiel that it did not to the diffusion of coustoutiona
• 1 eentinietes; 17
appears to pinnies* some influence over the Divan,
liss sent it formal order PO all the Consuls .of his se
under the walls of this city, ois its march from
articles which form the subject of the accusation other stand amon whom were two foresters, ow peg .
realise the adverse rumours of the d I d-cheered
e I c tomer. These troops beteg desirous of obtain- . ay, t iej
1191.1011 eini•leyed in the Ottoman dominions, not • the MSt • lld • against . o mottle are datee L.serjeant, several farmers, were arrested along
mg le Apostolic imitedictime were permitted to and separated. South Audley-street was crowded with B. I 1
to allow Turks, and particularly Greeks, to em- - Three of these articles rto the policy of Eu- -.AWED! ANN , who, without hesitation, con-
-41 bark on board English ships without special per-
mon. Tins proceediug is evidently directed roar r the Court of the Quirinal Palace, where his
filloheess deigned to comply with their wishesl rope at time time of the insurrection at Naples, said
to the invasion of that kingdoni b./ the Austtions ; (tutting after the state of her MAJESTY. A little
clueing the whole of the day with ,arsons in. leased himself to be Ilse author of she proclamation.
It is reported that more titan 600 none are im-
Pe
..
against those Greeks who would seek refuge on After the cerernooy the battalion proceeded Oil
its way to Naples, to maitre.. the twiny of °cal_• the fourth is an Ode addressed to the Allied after twelve Tart 1t 1 1 A
Powers. He was accordingly condemned to pay mg i or( .... . nRCHIBAI.D 11.11111 - placated in a design to proclaim a new constitution,
and that their Made . leaders flatter themselves with
•', i bored Eriglish vessls. However, the best inform-
ed turn consider to only its an act of complaimoce
on the part of the English Ambassador to the .
pol Mai, under die etitumaiel of Baron Frimout.
—.Ea.—. a fine of 500 florins, in conformity of the decree of
die entli April, 1815, end the costs. He was Ton arrived its a coach and four. It was ea erl
g y being able to seduce the regiment of militia
was . . iii
beset by the crowd, who presumed that he garrison at Stutgard to pm their cause. Thie
Porte, and are convinced it will not be rigorously SPANISH PAPERS AND FLANDERS MAIL. slid the ordered to be set at liberty. The persons present the bearer of the anxiously expected bulletin, affair has produced a greet sensation ; . _
? refutes d. loudly applauded on hearing the latter part of the but his Lordship had not been at Bratidenburghl Iruhlse is still considerably agitated, front the belief
, MARSEILLES, JULY 25. LIMA, FEBRUARY 9. .sentence. llouse, and only came to make inquiry. We
that the provinces oil the Rhine are also itifeited
Several correspondents worthy of credit, concur After all the sacrifices we twee made to repel the Last Saturday the Seals were removed for a me-
.
•with constitutional fewer. The proclannoion above
.understand that much astonishment has been ex- me„o„„eo is
in giving the following aftelligence, which may re- invaders, San Martin stud Cochrane. with the flat- meut from the Office of the Flambeau, to takecouched in such strong terms, that
' . cited in the City by the 1 -
nrve the areireheinions of the families of those per- teritig hope that we shawl(' be unwed by the Mi.. seine papers from it. It was (toileby M. Van Los.certainly no German newspaper wi I ris i pub-
eon. eon. drum ted on accoula of cionmerced affairs in titer Country (at least wish ships) we fear that our telle. the Judge, stud his clerk, in presence of M. received ally official bulletins of the state of her Stratton.
certain sea-ports of the Levant : I Gower:laurel is inattentive to our critical situatioro V" drcke, who had beets taken out of prison for MAJESTY'S health. lit consequetice of this deviation An article from Naples, dated the 14111 ult. in a
.•
.4 Oft the t6tit of June last all the Frenchmen and that the contest will terminne in our rum. If the purpose.
in Smyrna embarked tinder the protection of the it has been thus neglectful, if it has reutoitied deaf AUGUST 1. from the timid course of the Home Department. Vesuvius was
French Journal, says--" Last Friday Ves.
• covered during the whole day, not
with volcanic
LORD HOOD began yesterday to communicate to
• the Prince Kitig's ships 1 ' &no and la Lioune, to escape to our cries, and, thirdly, if' it has not sent a nasal A journal printed at Mons says, that • 1 1 lava, bat with snow, which fell in great abundance
toe conflagration which excited ass apprehension , force with able officer.. it a o proef that it desires Alexander of Hohenlohe, wh4as b . ten much spoken es Lordship direct from Brutidenburgh House and cuvered the whole summit of the mountain.
the rage of the 'forks bent instanteneously we should emit, end be the victims of our enemies, of for some time past, lute been assassinated 'by a 1 the Reports of the Qv ' ERN A medical attendants.— This is a plimmisteuon rarely w aneenel here, even in
corned" to the greiktest cacao. The two men or that it does not care about preserOW.4KM
ta student, who immediately killedhimself," lu its Copies of them were posted ou the front of the muter."
tr
4. .
1 • , •. • .
1 : t ) I' .1
i I • ' . .
' . • . ..
... ,
• .... ... .......a.M. ... ...-. .4
. '
• - . ' . . , ' ,
,
I ,

f, The. last sccooot we have from Ver
is, that Übe Insurgents are in *iglif of that ph
a *footsie *pub and that all communications
Vera Cr anti' Mexico are cut off by thr
.gentr, sitWfbe Captain General of Vera C
"I'Vrehensiva. tilt inhabitants of thin Woo
rage in I.rvoar p 1 the Insurgents, so that
nbligrd to hove a strong party of troops
street to kerp, theta under.
" A csaysy of Spatulas vessels will sail
rnorniog, fisq :fsusharr, the only ail left
Asa 9ktisipplace tq -Mexico."
FRO* Ht►yyi.—Froru a Correspondent
.au-Prioce, we have received a number c
Yilitirophe, Gazette ylicielle," of the 10th
411nuainur Cn•'que de Gabtine has reed'
dresser's loug Letter to the King of France,
ine the independence of Hayti and the aba

--
The Duke of St. Albans has left town fur his seat, Getters,
Surrey.
The Earl andCOnatass.of Han/wit-1m sod Lady Elisabeth
Stewart will tense town this day fur his Lordship's seat, Wines
„pole, Cambridgeshire.
The Earl of Pembroke Ins left lowa for his mat, Witte%
House, Wilts. •
Lord and Lady Eastsor left tows on Saturday for Entire(
Castle, Herts.
Pascoe Greaten, Esq. M.P. sod family have left ibeir.borms,
is Charles.street, St.James's.square, for tlreiratatvToplowe,
Berks.
Owen Williams Esq. M.P. and family, Liam, itaAktir
house in Berkeii:l-square, for their seat, Tallt9l4lllinsws
Backs.
Arrivals at Braset's Hotel, Leicester.sqnsee t--Geistoral
and Madame Bertrand mud family, Gametal Mootholosisod
family, and Professor Autonsarebi, (rum St. Mob. is
Baron General Coliquet ; Captain Drumm, R.K. sad fa.
roily from a tow; Colonel Coast Lambert,. of the King of
Prance's guards,fromParis ; His Excellency Barest Maltsehn
and suite Ambassador from Russia to America; sod
Stn. Jamel and firmily from America.
Departures r—Coast De Loweolselar, Swedish Ministers
to attend Ids Majeary in trelsod ; and Monsieur and Ma-
dame Katleter for Ireland.
Lord and Lady Morpeih and family bare kft town for
Culls Howard, Yorkshire.
Prince Nicolas Eateries, sod suite left tows ma Saturday
for Ireland, also Prise, Paul Esterhany sad suite foe ditio.
Mr. and Mrs. Tempest, family, sad suite, have left Kirk-
ham's Hotel, foritgo.
Count sad Colliliflie Munster and family are ezpected to
leave town on Wednesday for Hanover.
Lord Beams and family have kft tows for their seat,
Radnor Lodge, Becks.
The Earl of Liverpool hag left town for his seat, Coombe
Howe, Kingston.
The Earl of Malosedrury has left town for his seat, Heron
Cowl Halals.
Earl and Omsk... of Mansfield sad family have left
sown for their seat, Caen Wood.
• -
Among the most distinguished persons who on
Saturday made anxious inquiries at Cambridge and
liradenburgh House., iii consequence of the
lamented illness of tier MAJESTY, were the fallow -
g :
The Duchess of Somerset, Countess of Jerzy, Lady Mary
Rentinek, Lady Cbadotte Lindsay, Lady Francis Laity
Kingston, Grosvenor, Lord Ossulston, Lon; Arch.
Hamilton, Sir Wm. and Lady Paxton, Sir Francis Bartlett,
Sir Henry Ingkdield, Sir Robert Dundee, Lietit-Col. Jose%
Lietit..Colonel Gould, the Dowager Lady Mormon and the
Misses Musses, Lady De Clifford, the Earl of Oxford,
Lady Vernon, the Hun. Alfred Harley, Clifton, Esq.
Mrs. Hearne, Mr. Blame., Mr. Campbell, Mr. S. Graham,
Sir B. Codrhapos, the Lord Mayor, Mr. Sheriff Waith.
man, &c. Ace.
Yesterday, about half-past two o'clock, the Duke
-of Yost: kit town for Brighton.
Yesterday the Princeso SOPHIA visited the Duke
and Duchess of CLARENCE.
Saturday morning the Duke and Duchess of
CL#timcg, accompanied by the Duke of Saig-
-MEININOEN, left town for Bushy Park. I'heir
Royal Highnesses and his Serene Highness return-
ed to town to dinner.
The Dicke and Duchess of CLARIKCIto mod the
Duke of SAIE-MEININGEN, attended divine ser-
vice yesterday at the Royal German Chapel, and
beard a sermon by the Rev. Dr. KUPAIL

Yesterday the f)sike and Duchess of CLARENCE,
and the Duke of SAIE-MEININGEN. visited the
Duchess of KENT, at her residence in Kensington
Palace.
Her Royal Highness the Princess AUGUSTA, rio-
ter to his lintanuse Majesty, arrived here yesterday
afternoon with her suite and Colonel Count Lia-
m/tam Her Royal !lighum; put up at the
Hotel de Belle Vile, where their Majesties paid
her a visit. The Princess continued her journey
to Spa.—A journal
,Itas announced the arrival
of the Duke of ‘‘.7ItLLINGTOK at Brussels; this
is premature ; but the conqueror of Waterloo is,
however, fzxpected every rnoment.—(Bratssels, Ar-
gun I.)
Seaeral Noblemen of his Mo.rESTT'S suite palmed
I.l'"rough Shrewsbury on their •way to Holyhead,
during last week, stopping at the Lion, Talbot,
and Raven lima. The Earl of LIVERPOOL and
Lord SIDMOUTII were exreted at Pitchford Park,
the seat of the Hots. C. L. JI3NRINSON. on Satut-
(Slay. on their way to Oswestry anti Holyhead.
families have lately arrived at Bognor, and
many more are doily expected. The Duchess of
KENT is expected this neck.
The Counters FITZWILLIAM. SOC are concerned
to learn, has been seriously indisposed at Milton.
Northamptonshire, but we are happy to hear her
Ladyship is recovering.—(Doncaster Gazette./
The Marquis and Marchioness of LONDON-
DERRY intend leaving town this day for Ireland.
Ou Thursday, the 26th ult. canbarked at Do-
naglistlee for Portpatrick, the Marchioness Dow-
seer of LONDONDERRY and suite, Lady ELIZA-.
NMI PRATT, Lady EMILY JAMES. JOHN Tugs-
LT. of Rockport, E.q. and Dr. NEILSON. The
It4rchiontsei seemed much agitated, and evident
eitriptons• of grief were discovered on her taking
her leave of Ireland.

Amoij the last arrivals at Bath are—
Earl and Countess of Cork, Earl and Countess of Wilde-
grave, Lord Mount Earl, Lord Elgin, Lady Elton, Lady
Numb, Sir W. Hotham, Sir C. Hippisley, Sir C. Makin.,
Sir N. Yietrt es, Ise.
Among the latest arrivals at Worthing are—
na Duke and Duette*. of Bedford, Lady Ellenborosagh,
the Dowapr Larty /Insert, the Speaker of the House of Cam-
'moos, Hrs. Suttuo, and Col. Grande.
A new suit of rooms is building in St. James's
Palace. the (spews, of which is estimated at
10,000/. The idea of pulling down that Palace
and building a new one is abandoned for the
pr eseni.
Countess BBIZTR AND has brought home someslips
of the willow ender which BONAPARTE was buried
.—they had taken root in some large pots of the
.earth that enveved his remains.

The 13edford (Penn.) Gazette, giving an account
of a hail storm which recently d.d much damage in
that town, mentions en aflecting circumstance. A
robin was found in its nest, dead ; the blood flow.
in from the mother upon her young, whom she
guarded with her protecting wing even to death.
A similar fact is stated to have taken place in Fair-
ill, Monigouiery Co. Md. Surely the constancy
and affection of these martyrs to maternal love de.
serve the tribute of an elegy from some of our
poets.—(Village Records.)

--

~b_t~

THE XING'S MIT TO IItELAIND.

, .
•• 'On Thursday, at half•past three,o,m . the royal
:yacht weighed at Cowes, and staintio.,thearest-
fward.
.with a light breeze. At holf•paat -six the
good tide began to make, and it falling calm. the
royal yacht anchored about two or three miler to
the eihtwardof Yarmouth, with 4 fear of, the private
'echo, but the squadron at a great distance. At
eleven the aictive and Ligiy litigates weighed, per
signal. and made mil to the eastward, in order to go
outside the island, to avoid working through the
Needles. At noon the Cowes steam packet,
crowded with Ladies and Gentlemen. came under
the stern of the royal yacht, their band playing
.44 sure the Kind, and repeatedly cheering his
Majesty, who returned it by graciously bowing to
the Ladies. At half-past twelve the royal yacht
tuid the remainder of thosquadron weighed.•attend.
ed by the private yachts, which were also joined by
others from ..Yarmouth and .Lyntington. A fine
breeze to the westward; tacked occalionally, Pass-
ing Yarmouth the fleet saluted, as did Hurst Castle.
In approaching the Needles, nothing could ex-
ceed the beauty of the scene—therm! yachts glid-
ing majestically along, and the number of private
yachts tacking iu quick sacceision, and keening
respectfully iu the rear of his Majesty, afforded a
most pleasing and gratifying sight. His Majesty
passed the Needles exactly at three o'clock, and
stood to the southward. At four tacked to the
westward, with a pleasant breeze from the S.W.
about tour or five miles S.W. of the Needles.
Two of his Majesty's carriages were shipped on
board the Active, that, should the weather become
determinedly umilemant on the passage, his Ma-
jesty might laud from the yacht, and proceed; but.
we are happy to state, the wind ha. been fair,
though rather light these two days, and the weather
the most pleasant that could hemished. His Ma.
jesty probably cleared the Britillt Channel on Sa-
turday evening.
His Majesty is expected at the Marquis of
Anglesey's seat on the Ash instant. as stated in our
last Chronicle. Sir Benjamin Blomefield and suite
left Moran's Hotel, Holyhead, on Monday, on
hoard She Lightening steam packet, for Dublin.
The Nobility and Gentry of Carnarvon and Angle-
sey will convey their sentiments of attachment to his
Majesty, during his stay at Plasnewydd; after
which. it is understood, his Majesty will enter the
harbour of Holyhead, and come to anchor at a short
distance from the shore, but will not land. His
Majesty's intention is to wait the return of Sir B.
Blomefield ; and as soon as all the arnuagemeuts for
his Majesty's reception in Ireland are completed,
his Majesty's yacht, followed by the Royal squa-
dron, will then sail for the Bay of Dublin.—
(Shrewsbury Chronicle.)
DUBLIN, •UUNIIT I.
It is understood that Alderman Cash has offered
the use of his very fine mansion in Rutland-square,
to the Earl of Liverpool, during the King's stay in
Ireland, sud that his Lordship has been pleased to
accept it. Mr. Ilawthorrie had requested Lord
Sidmouth to occupy his residence in the Custom
House, hut the Noble Home Secretary will be the
guest of Mr. Grant, at his Lodge in the Park,
while in this country.

Mr. BROUGHAM left Brandenburg,' House. at
four o'clock on Saturday for the York Assists, at
which he expected to be present this morning.
Mr. itOTHSCHILD, accompanied by Mr. A. MOM..
TEFIORE and some other gentlemen, left town oil
Satuiduy for Paris, to assist at the negociation for
the new French loan.
The Lieutenantcy of the county of Norfolk be-
comes vacant by the death of Lord SUFFIRLD, and
Lord Wooxiiouss is spokeu of as his Lordship's

""' . -: •
• t . ,
. -
„.',llO • '
FASYIONARLR MOVENRIVTS.
