and at the City of London Tavern, where the Committee meet
daily.
Clergymen, Disarming Minister•. and others, desiring informa-
tion relative to the distress existing in the Manufacturing districts,
may have a printed statement, on application to
W. H. HYETT, Sec.
Applications to the Committee must be addressed "'To Francis
Fretting, , London," and superscribed, " Manufacturers'
Helier Committee."

PA 111.1.4 NTAMLINTELLIGENCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS. WEDNESDAY, Ilex 24.

WEST INDIA PROPERTY.
The LOT!!) CH A NCEI.I.OII presented a petition from several
persons residing in Great Britain, who were owners of property in
tiv' islands of St. Vince:it and llmnitdca, praying their Lordships
Din to agree in any further measures tOr the abolition of alavery,
without a toll inquiry into the taste of slave property, and ow-
pcnswion tf, the proprietors of such property. Ilia Lordship said
that a most itnportant fact was vomit by the petitioners. which was.
that their estates had been purchased from the Government of Great
Britain. an! upon the ea pressed condiiion that the states should
be cultivated by negroes imported from Mika. That fact, con.
netted with the circumstance of this Government having interfered
to prevent the legislature of Jamaica from limiting the importa-
tion of amities, aliould weigh with their Lordships in deciding the
great question of slaverv.
The petition was lead by the clerk, and ordered to be laid on the
table.
The Marquis of LA NSDOWN presented petitiors in favour of
the gradual aboliti in of slavery, from parishes in Northampton,
Saaiugham. and shronsbire. from Teisterden in Kent, Lasalle in
Cornv'all. Whitby in Yorkshire. and from Eghom.
• Mr. Keating. from the Irish Cam of Chancery, presented cer-
tain papers relative to Foote law proceeilings netveen the Attorney-
General for Ireland and the Corporation of Dublin.
31 ETROPOLITAN TURNPIKE TRUST BILL.

. -
The Order lit the Day being read for going into ■ Committee for
the eon%itlerition of (hi% Bill.

A conversation tool; place between the Earl of Lauderdale, Lord
Dom, the illariptis of Camden, and the Lord Chancellor; when
Lord Dc Clifford moved that the Bill be read that day three
months; upon which their Lordships divided, when there ap-
peared—

Contents, 23 I Not-ontentr, Majority in favour of the Bill, 13

DIATRE?•zS OF THE MANUFAC'FFRERS._

Earl FITZ WILLI.% 31 rut a question to the Earl of Liver-
pool. which win not qiihe audible. We 1111dCIVIOnd his Lordship
to ask whether it was the intention of his Majesty's Government
to afford any perur iary relief to the distressed manufacturers?
The Earl of LIN Ell POOL said, that upon a Ginner occasion
he had given an answer to a similar question. Ilia opinion was,
that it most he a very special case which should induce Govern-
ment to adopt such a course. The law had provided what he con.
siOrred the most constitutional and the safest remedy for the dis.
tenses of the working classes, by the establishing of poor laws. At
the suite lime he would not cry that no passible case could arise in
which a pecuniary relief might not he aifbrded ; but no such in.
stance lia4 occurred in England ttnce the period when he had given
it as 164 opinion that Government ought not to interfere with any
pecuniary assistance for the relief of the distressed manufacturers.
The subject had been most fully investigated, and after much con-
siderstion, he was coniitmed in the opinion which he had at first
formed.
