'SC •

'errs- t

,h

OM him hr the object of your elsniee."--(
Is,. )—Whether this was • mistake of his or siot,
not deteinsirre. Rut Ile was smolt Clad to hid, that
such a sentiment, if adopted by the speaker, world not he
.opported by the Alert* —(110or, Asev.)—Sonse of the
tlentlowiett, who were Owed near him, did. when Mr. Muh-
-1 bowie was proposed, inquire whole was ? Mr. Hobbonse did
slot allaWev the, grottos—awl he (Mr. Haat) ineast, in too.
In 'pea*
erns:ehk:r hell 14444
i l.rloll, great sniiiieration,—
whew a reunite* nth a Mediae. he
wit .void esittias • few rikeetioas Ist Ilse friends of the
Osisillolitinfiniis flint liatileiarly Wet Vet to lii*,
which, if her had heard, be trashily had refused its
'—(1111.4 sPallpprodeliwo.)--It had been demanded,
4 es Mr. MoMisinie r• sad he world folk., ao IMO 411 e..
lige by ..other. Holdlowe had said,, wati rot coo.
meted with say of thereat families.—aor bad lie, itny raw-
nexioa whatever with avoy persons bluely la Moo 6,1° 164P0-
, Win, or to skim his prieriplro. Rol the same di.l +PIP*,
him peculiarly Nolostaliale—ominoos in the ethernet!
would wale his 'town ter thiakias to- He whited to
Mr. Hohlsonse was any relative of Sir lbaja
'?—(Cries of u Ik is the ens ,f Say Boils.
! a vow of shot iadevidool,who after a public
llreting in the room where they were wow assesaldril, was
os fillt 41 with enthusiasms in Ilse comae of liberty, that he
followed Lord Hullami), pall begird leave to kiss his hood.
Jit proof or his devotion to those principles which kis
Lordship hail io. powerfully supported? 1t bat! was he a oust
of that Sir Ileuj wain. who. six weeks after the day when is.
I this. turfed himself, forgot all his professions, hod
shit moiler lie !limners of a insist prodidale Athoilisars-
?—Vtrirrh dfieapprioltaliery Gentlemen, said Mr.
" if I speak at all, I most and will .6 my shay
hie it I. useless Alf re to appear sinocrmt you. I
Mr. Hohlisinor's friends, whether he is she 11111., ste
"Adios. of dint Sir Desijassia liohlimist. who wee. for
• a period, C.hairnolo of the Right liwi.
vonigtees ?. Is be connected. by blow', to that Mr
tria lfolilwase. who thserteil the cause 04 liberty, awl
taboo d soothe the banners of slavery ? I. he the sou of that
Sir Ws" llobhnuese, who. fur many years, received
UM/. per snails., of the poblie musty, as sae of the
Cooimis.iiiiiers for ioepiirinir into the deists of the Nabob of
Arcot !--(APProdeffroc)—ls4 these questions lie f.sirly sii-
overed, If Ihs y are not, it will be eserk.llo, since lb. Huss.
Gentleman himself esperised his willingness to wewer any
pio•tiolio that might he odolreswol In him. It loos been very
osoperly amid, that liscsose the father acted improrrly, it
ir3a out Ihreefilee to be supposed that the son would proceed
in the rime voters,. This was very properly put—mud I, fur
our, join so the opinion notwithstanding the contrary up
pears hi be ronatenrineed by the religion o-hieb I profess,
that the Pins Of the father ought net to be vi.iteil on his chit-
dreg. Oils let is know shit this Mr. Rohl W. 11011, berme
von, ha. been doing for she last les gars of his life ? Let us
km.* what he has been about while the Electors of West-
nii sister Is or been strioggling fur their liberties 't Ibis be at.
wooled soy of your 'Meetings until Ow last Election took
place ? 1 am sure lie has sot Theo I say, he taunt be
kisowu Io you—siiil, if hr is out, beware of him!-.(Cries of
'• Beware .f Hrrf !")—Ye., yes, you have all row eyes
- • impossible wry lb* I eta say no mis.
I am the meet likely to insist wit

_
deceive yew, if you are wet ow your
vitae I never yaw, before this
you that lVillialn Cubbelt lie
Meeting as • At wed proper person Is.
'estminster le Parlianiesel.--(Siimas
be question is, whether Willie*,
proper man In he Nominate.' as • Ra-
rity ?-(" U. be el--41," frees *we of
Chairman will tell yew, though you
re it, dist Ibis is the question, laineerl
previous question. William Cobbeit
gewavosity. He is an alien from hie na-
-1 enemy! lie deserted Ins poet!" frees
~ own now ewey--le em dikes away
airy man who is now opposed to
fine )-1 will endesvorte, Geratereven, to
Colsbett ii.-(0 We wielite Awns we-
lt. ").-Well, I have we besitatiusi in
'e him all the support in my powa,-.
iqoally , to assert, dial yota will lad, in Wm.
nohlrett, if yew are inclined to aid him, • ail faithful Re.
presentative.-(fireat eldinour.)-Gesitlemen (said Ni. II ,
looking of his watch), lime reins on very merrily, std I am
nut tired. 1 am sorry if you are The queeakaa is of •
serivas nature, and you will have to answer to yaw country,
air welt for the rote you will give tu.day, as fur that
abide you will determine on when the period of contest sr.
rises ibis being are ease, stn ouch( to bear what I have
I. foveae of Ilr Cobbett. I believe it is agreed on
all lintels, that he is a great character--11011 he is inferior to
sin mail as a political writer. If he be returned for West-
minster, as I confidently Itupe hr will-fur I think he will
meet wills your support-you will find him rodowed with
Abilities to seise the public tame, equal crew to douse by
whirb sour enlightened Chairman is distrogiaisbed--(alsop-
protorl:onl-Ayi, I say an-and on bail coniplilient paid to
the Chrinnan ratter -(Laaphrer)-Tuu will find fin an Eng.
11.111111111-aisA, I will say, 'marine in intellect 1,11 any 1111111
111 the country.. (" Peter P'oreepine is Air proper seer. lily
do rent "peek of Abe ? yon know he rye orrayi.")-1 may now
be permiaill tit slwak of n fart that took plate at the last
ruction. Vito will recollect, Geittlemen, all the various at-
tacks thst were road, on use, at that nal--wheilter pro.
p rly ur improperly I will not stop lu eamenine. Scarcely an
individual hears me, particidarly amongst those connertal
with Ilse public press, who dues nut remember • I.ller, par.
awl ing to come from Mr. Connell, having been exhibited oil
the hustings. In that letter toy character 1111Ssireiliew of in
arty disrespectful terms. Thai Idler was read on the host-
ingis in insidt sort-bit I I will pence to you that it was a
f Iry ry !-(Cries of 11tirleeml end great eintwerr.)-
Fkir play, tresittrineu (ant Ile. Hunt), and fur God's rake
kluge he beril his slur The litter in question was dotal
the 20th of April, 1400, mod was addirseal to file.
WI mid. list passage width alludes to air is as follows:-
It is*.itaptissible for both factions soiled to ealomniate
DNS mutes 'b 'pronto' as we lo•glit, and do loot
mix with 'men ''of bail diameter. 'There is one fiat?,
I`s Flrialnl man--beis are of him! He inns shout the
amide, with a w—. the wife of another man, having ik.
weird his Own. He Is a sari • ftllow ! Have nothing to do
,t)tb him ! Adieu!
.WM. CORBETT'
is This letter was' read on Ilse hosting. by a person of the
'lssue of Clenry--attil here is Mr. Cubbett's mortar to it.-
( Hot A clamour )--Surety, Cs nth men, w hen inch an titlark
liar Imes made rot an isailividual, you will nut be erne I
ruortgh l 0 per rent him from repelling id, when be has the
opporinitity. In • tier addressed by Cohbett tu the
of The New York .vent* Peet, h
alal which has since
bear pillitislird nt Tke Lererpool .11ereene, the •re-
asaelister üba.nations may be Gland
bow. rr.tliough you (meaning the Editor) Would ink
forge a titter for to lotto s'yoterovr, I declare Ina. yen here
rrarlatiolial a furgrey "-(Mr.Cohlwit, Lint Mr. Haw, litre
*Boded to Inc republication, in America, of the letter read
on Stir hustings by Mr. Ckary)-1 dicta,. (continuist Mr.
Caldera) the Wier to he a forgery 'I Peruse Mr. Cleney,
before II“ peOplr Of America (as I hfre dune 61 • 1.1,3151C5;
area bowie, lwfure the people of England), of having forged
that biter-or, the same, iu point of baseness, of
Isatriag oloained it from • noes who And (urged it-and which
aiia, he well knew tu bare bear guilty of forging my ranee
and sailing, for a fraudnlail purpose, stun) iinti.'-b( Very
frail elsslisrbeee:.)
sir F. Liu Rot h hetiottrA by being
t4l in Ilse situ .1.11111 of (*tiai reran-but the do-
ur that satiation I camel NMI. unless I am supported
this Meeting-and I C4ll receive 1111 rffictual support,
"%era by the silence of Gentlemen, anal any individual
sildriass dna. I implore them 111 rVr th.. 11 atrnliowto
rye', speaker, awl SW, hi 111111..131111.;•/n, to slirviroy the bar.
anisiy of (fie Meetie4. I should net • tiered:ugly ashamed if
I. W. fr I.lhhipoil to quit Ike thaw before any rewitutiou is
4110111V11; bat this I must do, riubsal rats p 1 seise silence.
Md.uer, it is rynlsul, I cannot prrse.vi, wuless 1 11111
aided LI every tothvOlvol lucre. his. Hones adders,' avoid
.10.•,.1...itiy nave Weir at an fool lung Itel6v this, if be 1:11.1

to without interruptios. It will
liesseitilde apparel. le the public
rye. ties proceed refill:My, them tithe Molise he broke
up, in emearquesce 4 poise and ronfeeirms. wittiest attais.
Ole one of the objects foe which we have bees rosiresed."--
(Greaf ISClPurse4
Mr. filrINT then raid. there man, in Mr. Cob-
hese. published letter, a mat drat more on the same sob-
Ject•—•be enema no the 'object touched upon in age epistle
/11114 up the heisting at the last election. He would not, how.
rep?. take up more of the time of the Ammesibly, but, once
for all, appeal to them, whether he had not repelled this
chyle. He had horse the wildest attacks made as him, if
twit pertly, at least very patisooly—lost be should he coo.
loitered void Of 1110.11.0111 C, if. having lire,, so-cased in this
way. sod bruise the merits* of rontrarlieting the assertion,
he had not robe fairly forward and defended hisnaelf....
lie MHO now In conclude. He looked upon Mr. Coblwit
ma a meat It hod proper person to represent Westminster in
Parlionetot.—(.lNreis disapprolontian.)—Owe sword more and
lie hot done. Re pledged himself to proveolat the items'
Mss had' Seen rmseeraval is the forgery which hr had emu-
Vioned, had twirately,endeavnured to take away his life.—
(rekes of .4 Xfall; stuff P' and meek disapprehotion.)
Mr. (71.E•itY mow rove. evidently 'infernal under
mover, iodispositiou. Ile said, after what had fallen from
Mr. Host, it was meet:art that he Phould, ill as he was, ad-
dress the electors.--(Jhrte disepposhatioa.)
Mr. IiONT —" 1 thick si nom. with such a charge
as tkis eastis back, ought to be heard "—(/Hear, hear.)
Mr. CLEARY...." I leave joist riven from • tick
hell, to arliteb I have been confined almost two months. The
letter that has been alluded to I have in by possession. If,
fleitlemen, yi, will mate room for me, I will go home and
'bribe that letter--ind, if it flows ant appear to be to letter
of you suppoie that he did not use the
words relative le Me. Hoot. I will suffer Myself to be socri•
fired nettlie spot. 1,1 the letter be laid before any seas se-
"misted with Mr. Cobtiet Vs handwriting, arid, if he /Nee not
'declare it to be written by Mao, let me endure your heaviest
rhsplr.isure.—("lherre, Cirsero!”)—Labowrieg as I am under
riekness,it I. not in my porter to address you looger."—
(dir. Cleary Ikea forted his Vey from thereon )
Mr. THELWaI.t. rose to explain. As they were
met for the investigation of tenth, every effort ought to be
made to prevent the diownsimation of falsehood. An above.
vat ion had bees made oil what he had stated, which was ex-
tremely erroneous. Every person arqsainted with the arts
of &Lite knew, that the beat way of telling a falsehood was
by lerestimg only a part of what had been said—and this
course hail been pursued with reference to him He staled,
and stated eery distinctly, that he had no-particular prefer-
ence fee 'klr. llobboose—but that, if Mr. Hobbouse con-
ceutrated, within himself, those qualities that were likely to
be serviceable to them, be ought to be the person elected,
If another course were taken, he feared It would lead
to disunion, siod disunion, in most eases, produced defeat.
—(//ear.)—He sow wished to speak • word relative to a
I:rosaceous (Mr. who had recently quitted hie
place —(k Ttierr's wore than his father will do from on
EferfOr.).—With that Gentleman he was unacquainted—he
could not 'therefore be his partisan. Some Krona in that
room bad •lilleded to his father. This he could say, that
whatever the political crimes of his purest might have bete,
the sun bad mottling to do with them. He was at present
estranged from his family, because be had abandoned those
'principles which his father professed.—(AppielsOr)
&le. 11' IsHalIT amid, after the very liono•rahle
and elOssent tribute that had bees paid by their illustrious
Chairman to their &enured Representative, it would ha
siolopteious in him to enlarge on that melancholy sir
e
Being are old Elector of Westminster, he hoped he would bet
permitted to speak his feelings is an open and candid maw
suer. He considered the Repos seutation of this greet City es
one of the highest honours to which a political character
could aspire. Having recently elect ld to that sitmation, two
of the greatest men of whom this country could boast, it was
now necessary that they should act cousisteutly, and, having
einfionosstely lost one of those individuals, that they should
orbit some one worthy of lilting the vacant seat. It was
necessary, for the good of the City, of Westminster, fee the
goal of surely in general, that they should pit& sm
some man. the to nor of whose public corded wee OA
bours. Of their raising Representative the combed INN
mot de d tabled; he hid done his duty to the Electors,
and the Electors lead dime their duty to him, nod in them-
selves, when they placed him in the proud situated d their
Representative The tomes of many persons had Mete MOW
tinned, who, duidoless, would be very estimable Repereettes-
lives. They might, sold he hoped they would, be all Mem
ed for different places, and he Wig cooddeut they would d.
their utmost to serve the criumery. He, however, wished
point the attention of the Meeting to an individual. whoop
peered eminently cale.e:sted to act as Member fur Westmlis.
her. But when he requested permission to name that Jodi-
'tidos!, he could assure the Meeting, that, on no account
whatever, would he, or his family, stand forward lo the pre-
judice of that umeniinity by +Wit their proceedings ought
to he marked When he mentioned the name of that Lord
Russell, who, in the profligate reign of Charles 11. acted as
the ardent supporter of popular rights. he hoped be would
he greeted with elvish* —e` it's a Whig Family, pots
r &now (Aar frail un Eleetar.)—That great man had not
spoken is behalf's( the people, but had nobly laid down his
life in theireause. To hiss was, in a great measure, wring the
glorious Revolution, the benefits of which they all enjoyed.
It was true he lived soot at the time of the Revolution,
hut he had an doubt that the 0' still small voice" which
hoard from his tomb, operated strongly against the
Stuart Family. Woe there amongst them a man of km
Stalishrig, who did out recollect the exertions of Francis
Doke of Redford, is. that loom and out of it, in defence of
;Homier rights? That great man had no ambition In en-
-1.11 yr his estate' or to procure a greater benelit of
the people was his object, tie reward was their good wi11....
("Ipidarse.)--The present Doke 'hewed an equal iuterest is
preserving the rights of the people. He was the individual
who first came forward whom an attack was made on the liberty
or the press, in the person at Mr. Hone. The tools of power
were alarmed They took from him the sliming' of Lord Lieu-
tenant of the cimoty, because lie would not wink at their
measures. lie had, on every ricrasi .... need all his iiiiliteuee
iii 'utmost of Hie election of their present How. Ilepreeesta-
t ire. It was low son of this bosom. able man whom be wish-
ed to propose. lint, if the services tif his family did not call
nu the Meows to place bin, is the proud honatium of their
representative, the mimeo( lord Joh.. Hassell would out be
suffered to impede 11w faint id' liberty at Westminster.—
Perhaps 11w Llertors knew Illttfe of this young Nobleness;
hut he would appeal to his speech Mt the Surpossitio of
the Ifoltrar Corp*. Act, as a proof of his abilities, sod a
fist of his principles. Ewell, Geidltitian would give him
credit for the purity of his tires. His first wish was to
ter p I.lli a filinisterial candidate, and he was very muck
afraid, if there were soy divi,ion amongst them, *that their
rursthrs *mild succeed. Lord John Russell was a were.
supporter 04 TriePrifial l'artiamealw—((Neltpprebatioa)—
lir wished fur no rxtcosiuo of the elective fraischise—aud
was dritirinis in bring the people forward, in the just scale is
'which they ought to stand, with refereare to the Goverosreeit
i.f the coauts y. Ile otl% a friend to retrenchment and eco-
nomy -awl • • tainich slipper, ter of that peinetple, which cirri-
denoted the interference of l;over 00000 rut Os their elections.
Sorb was the man he proposed fur their support. Ile would
rot stand forward, unless he was generally called ou--aud, in
Lis iNnivrienee he believed, that nu man was re likely to
dare ministerial trick and cunning, which was the great
objector the Electors.
Mr. STURCH rose and said, heat if the Meeting
acre sow to decide whether Mr. llubleouse was or was sal
10 be sheir member, the metier hook quite a different tarn
from that which he hail at first espectid, If • single iudi-
soloed were to be brought foetraid and put in iteidinatios,
lust tiro if with the ground peourcupird, *they were to be
told that they most decide os the merits of this single indi-
a 'Oust before they ethes-rd upon %Ise qiialificallious Outliers,
ho could only for tine say, that the course of proceeding was
rlifrereel from that labia., in his opinion, it ought to have
Lem
The (' flans* m explaineil how the question of
debate stood. The first motion was for the nominative of
Ilulihopow since Ibid., au aniewhnesit had been put fur
Mr. Cobh( tt ; and a4aiii, an amendineut upon Ike amend-
meat, to lord John Russll. Ihe course, as it appeared

. • •
. . . - .
• If NNa,Nar) lie world rervat the warts. They were besot astlferfat
.. ' t... 4 ha God% assans,. siweilVillairstilsolfriet siesT Sineliiiiii •
1
Inwelgo lel him hr the sil#ert of your elsoice."..-(lfark &gap rye. if Ire prat
peohotiait )-IVhether this was a mistake of his or sot. he op, is paw"
modal not deteimiae. Ant he was most glad to Sad, that it's any of ilir
, sorb s sentimmot, if adapted lay the speaker, world not he (Great/ Imago
' .vapported by the Meet* —(llsar, hear.)—kinsr of the my. 11w.
(:enthowers, who were pl teed near him, that, when Mr. Hub- bete. milajghs
hawse was propnsed, inquire whole was ? Mr. Habholow did ja,,...,„_ia mesonnot smarm the aeration—awl be I'M,. Haut) carat, in maw ra,sai at, the pa,
Segarine„ to epralaeirnio- Jam --. Jim-. libeilly„ ~,,,,,,, take p
vest freedom, sad. he jaispetk trip; peat smaterationo.-- raw all, appeal
(Lienokter ).-itsit, wlien •addrelliad mach a bleetine. he I chyle, He h
' rimer unt avoid ratio' g few figieggiwgg so liar friends a kbe ........klee al
iiew lloarliollivieslintis list liatariarly WO' pd. to to*,) ,--4,7,-i-,-,01,1„
sail which, if ha had lortwd, be cerlanoly had refined .116 I war. and hart
answer —(ifsei fen.)--11 had been demanded, b. had swat a
" Who n Mr. it ?" mad he would &Ikon on dial flee,- lie memo now
lion by aanthir. ' Me. Hol.howne had said,, he was not elm. a. „,,,,,, ii, .
• nested with any of ibeiveat familiem-aor bid hit lwrY elo- Parliannwl.—
: arum whatever with say persona likely to !ins Me ilinilo- I%r had door.
Whin, we to alter his prieriphs. Rol tlse Manor 414 01414"14. Ms% had been
* In biro rvoliollf onfortoosie—andomos in the esti raw ! vaara,,,l. ma V.
lie would state his reason tar thinking so. He whiled 10 (tiles of A art
1 a loom whether Ur. Hobbit..., vs. any relative of Sir Weis. '
, a eissosliehlanesse?—(Cena of "Ikis Ik ens ,f Sq le*. Itir: 4.7.1•1:
.• . aria.")—What! a sea of that iadevidoal, who after a padalic Pr'eer• laths
N %1...1ing in the 1011111 Where they IMP Paw amenaidni, was Jr• Howl. it .
Oa fillod with enthusimea in the came of liberty. that he (Inv* the eke"
• followed Lord litilloo4. anal begird leave to hill W, handl Mr. HON
•,• a proof ur hie devotion hi Hone principles whirls his .as skis mans
Lordship hint sin powerfolly supported? Hint! was he a son Mr. CLE,
, of that Sir Ileuj wain, whip. six weeks after the flay whew bit bed, to which:
heal Ilia. horded himself, forgot all his profession's, and km" That hos
colts:. .1 wider the banners of a most prollieale Athositstars- fiefitletwen, It
snot ?....prisrll elizapprioltalinn )--1, 6mill-own, said lir. 'built that iiro
Haat, "or I 'peek •at all, I most and will do nay daisy of Al..T.akhei
Otherwier it i. owlet's few NOP In appear astitteral Yu*. I words relation
' tab of Me. Hohlsonlee friends, whether he is the 111110, Of *god ntoig II
any relitioN. of That Sir thojassio Hohlamme. who was. fur unshaded wilt
os love a period, Chairman of the Night Hum. William 'declare it to Is
6 Putt's Committees ?. la be rotiviected, by blow!, to that Sir di.0p,,,0n.,
,„ B win 00000 i liololsoase. who deserted the rause 11( liberty, awl ~44,„,,,,,.,, is
rlllllll. al Said. r the banners of slavery ? I. he she moo of that (Sir. Cleary I
Sir Beni ' Ilialiliointe, who, fur minty years, received AI.. 'rut
i.f,o)t. par annum, of lb. public morwy, as .me Of the
mil fur
the i
l' Commia.iimen fir iiiiviiring into the alt os of the Nabob of
• - Arcot !-..(Approbaffon.)--I.et these questions he fairly sr-imilliwol:intohaldwevi;
.wered. If Ito y are slot, it will he esirnisi, since the Hue. t___..l..Y „al.
Uentlegian himself espermeil his willingness to ainwee any
07-'"drhme um
, ipo.llinii Vint might he .idilii.Wer., 111 MM. It loos limn very b...
if.....0.11_ ,
iiiisperly raid, that loran.? for faller acted improperly, it
c:in I had bra
was slot iherehire to he supposed that the MI would proceed
and
stated
re
ill 110. rase enters+. This was very properly put—sad I, for , ip.,l4e.
4 our, join its she opinion, notwithstanding the contrary ap
__..trar.i.
s.,
! pears hi be roitatenanced by the 'elitism which I probsia, ;7. '7 r,'
. . ... _,. __. ._ a._ ..:.,.-I—.. I.:. Aka_ 9e rrrscr,"_"

- •
open p, mr. It is isopossi
lead pm—and, therefore,
to you florae who soy demi
gaud. A Geistlemma w
flay, has . proposed to y
approved of by this Mortis
r'epro.erit the City of Weal
of disupprobeliwa.)--Tbe
cal•tt tar a it sod propel
oreseottsiive of this City
Ike Vectors)--Thy Cl,ai
*boil appear to believe it.
as an amendment to a pm
hos esinis as your drum
tore I.liod.—o-e, HI rim meg
stay, ergo.* )--He diJ as
by the fatio.r of dim very to
Aisapprehatime)—
oda you laths thin My. Cob
141111:1.11116 Mott
ITler
4i will `ive ii
and 1 am squally ready to
