w comperitiee ..... . . _
according to the- pertieube port where the whiposellereltar
'c=, your estimative most refer the Noose, uptit'lleis
0 their imptiry, so a table to the spoesidie cellials.
log ao mama, whirls they ore angered may be relied epee, -
of the pekes etiolate from each power illeileguishieg the
dot% freight; dotage., set rawest mid prig.. amt.
The system a duties which bee bare he Nee, skew the
year Ilib, sod farther acted spin is subneeeeft yeas, has
howeeti been the swim of ituleelog • wire gootwel use
(width so oilier eireutmetneee arid have oesensiefted) of
se:t
Grade timber for hesnedmildiag isthis coma portico-
lasiy is 'toddlers of me ialerior 'legations'', to all
the alieetioos which -are rioted to attest it. ship-
beadiest It has also brew are employe* them ibesseely •
mod ,the esaineistee have luserled an setiouot deliveveti
I. by ilk Hobert leppiar, of the emsperetlee 'toadies
of frigehre bulb of Comas liii,assf ft hob the
worth of Europe; bait the wee of timber Wilitht.
slated to be iliscootionret is his h daelt feadarlhe
enosequalee of the stativoiwoble Molt it periassof IWO lie ~
employmest. The deemed for wood lUmen She ealtelleiso lb I
the Nettle of Europe has been peogressierlyfiefoidilts so
as to welshes greet isterroptioss to the lade ft* den ,
countries, particularly with Fletraty, while 116111111110111.,
motwithstemilimg the prediteetiest• they how maillwmfrallemet t
for British manofeeteres, ere sot only lift with thlt
asides of atneuntiog them he of payietelhe theme "Atilt,
.here received ; sod 'foe which wady WA lOW th I
fiefthil Se be write ; so that the raped of rfteefthilfteebste i
11111101defterd es en Meat which await he elstismoleistalift,
S. the ditto exports a Mead rateneriesi tilt
ialinisizaleoussiderabie ratios of Otte mnisolhellate i
, ere iatembieed throw. doe dismal tit
Illit Creearsoillbles. A eettsideribie notseat if eigdiehied ;
• seehiorry yid le this covintry in sevriteresitprepigag.
441se the theiber inspoeted hoot the Illibieitlie
leen le • OM degree reodered settees and esspreftmetee.!
0, the ether hoed, • pest dad progseadve Weeds. if lie'
bode with (Used., end of the Swamis employedledeittelite
its wood lute this comedry, hos %ham pleas; tielemlit IBM
which is apparel the the last two year. may Itionitligme
depot seteented fee by she aprebeeeitto ell* hes peetedi.
id, 'slut sews sherelies in the delis' taboidner
Ara this time. -, i -, - . - •,4--. ' • -
There au be little dintittolleo of
the duties em foreign thise+ol4
.4
.sellemett teod
to am literalist demsnoti Midi fit 'of
builtiog, sot amble the. *NW ie, • het
INN! especielly fiettem sad Neterny, my I. imam
their esissumptiais of British psedece. istiftedirasitellistei;
httwever, could wet lake plea eitheet:diftifillet Hie
di mend for Casads timber, it must I. Slaps dimes effect
the profits of the capital mow warted in sir-ildli ',defter
warehinery hi Coaada, which has been stated be a gootlemais
interested intim emintry, to consist el troth MAN. to
150,01101. It costa mot be considered milir:city sleet-
ing she intense of the Camailian laniNteldqt as the value
of the limber sold at Quebec noes not exceed by much
the expellee sod !shone of peecurieg it for shipment, tied
the laiiilholdee himself mete little se morthiag fur she 'miser:
Some portion of the sharpie( mow engaged is transporting
the Comtism timber be ellia ealieseeTr might probably be
oftpelled to set k for efter ensployseitt: AMP although
then Is magus to 'overhaul the increased *poly front
tie MIMI of Swope sell be chiefly Wpm* ill Bei-
lib tames, this sestege dhows see is tie Isis* ed Ineyette
kedeftt seder ivesmelptiarosoikellieldephneamenneepj to
sesepeeelsis peefteftellondlber dinievilesilft Admit-
odishiftelateoftftlikftiftelitifteilftt. Ihelhellity elpeenrind
diehtelleheldesieneftemenftelselitan ether easise, se
He
Afteetiel Ie Ile inteuefte ef ettaissieee, eon ler Ilftied.selti-
..oftly elobilietstal en those of seitigatio• sed•ehipplag,
.11404 rest histrunient by which oeitosserce is seolgeomet;
especially at a time wises it ,oppeses brftertese.
rest Neiman, of the bast lehefted pereftert Oft
the ewe of Ibelobt nod other tire. ist se
British sidpftsgoeftis it to enter ingot eseipe-
pesitiee sigh thet slavery other cow • Alrhe
Commilitee at the some time is**,sdofii i.ps'tl.t
the 11111111aderal WA of the Sear telleame ether istanebee of
trade I. which they are alma 4,11 t lede will u_illimit the
lessee of giving additional empleyiesei to Ilse etelppieg of
ebb emssary. . .
The Ceettemittee would by so mesas, however, mimeo fur
the adoption of Parliament, easy evades' alteratille at the
a slating system by which wood, the growth of esomem, might
be eatirelyezeloded from the mesas of cum it. the
linsish market. And they therefore submit, thets ander
all the urcusestaaces in which this trade kw origin.
Wed sad been carried on, it may be still Impolbent to
erespeesate to the Canadian merchant ai54,160.05et; by
web limited dusty .ow, way be Accessary fee .04,1parposo,
the dilfrresee of freight and *rampart, err us ••te bring
their wood into the British market oaegual teems with wood
of tire same disseminate, the gruwth of oilier coentries. But
the Committee ere at 'minting, that if it 'humid be found
necessary (or ourpoors of nveeue, tit let the aisissoit of duty
on foreign timber exceed what is necessary for Ike oirrpose
they have dem:Abut, a daty corresponding with the differ.
nice should be imposed uu the impost of holier the gruwtb
of the Americas Colonies.
bidepatilestly of the above.general coasideraticise on the
regalattes of this trade, the C4,lllllllllleC feel it their duty to
notice Iwo points of a subordinate nature, io which it ap-
pears that some alteratiuto in the (satin regulation would
to soy ease be requisite.
It Drovers that from the same duly having beets Woofed
in Greet Britain us deals from eight to twenty 1 et' while
in !reload the deals were divided tots five claim% the lowest
of which was front eight to twelve feet, the Norway 'kola,
which are all of smell dimeasions, bavelaboared under an
morale disadvantage is the British market. The t:uninaitee
embark that it weishit by expedient shat all wood the growth
of &raise eotesteipetshorts/ be admitted into Ibis country,
Ilalliala la all eA • le rate of ditty, sail that for
We Seised a Male, accenting to the cattail
Irabsehi *OA ,
p•ibaz: Mist ogialasi to the prima wed., the
herd be of dents pay he. tbs. would be chewable
mpg, as equal quality of solid it limber; awed the GOOF
' Ware are satisfied that Parham/et willtiook it ex diet
'ms mislay this impedimeat foto the eiaployseems of Biitish
, marital is sew mills, by making the shay payable ea date
at least eysivaket I. that as timber is the log. •
The Committee hare sneezed a copy of se much of the
evideste as relates to the subject miller .f this Report.

winch.
they weir
averted, _ overseer, for the par/notes
which ueiginahy recootesendeil these, trod to easharram its
isperatioose, and impede its 'ninnies awl prosperity: Tarr
Committee are satisfied that the skill; enterpriseydnel eispii.il
of
"MA swerchsets and istastufsetureke MIRO,. only an
open sad quer Geld forentriloo; surf that ton most vol..
able boots Unarms be roofer-red en ale", is, as nos limited •fret-
doni from aft luterferrote, as may be Compatible with what
is due to private vested. laterests Ora have Vows; up seder
the cabling quote's, and those more import sot cmisidenationa
with which the safety end political power of the couple, tie
Veer Committee have therefore atinght that they sliuttitl
best consult Ike intentions of the Route by direclurt Hier.
immediate attention to those segulaticas whiebl under the
name either of Restriction's or Protections, operate is. r.. 0
troilism the commerce of the kingdom, in Orate to resins:tee
their nature and effects; sad to judge h in wit striper
may be prodeal to relate them, sod Ls what insisac.• (sats-
ject to the eeqpideratioiss refeircd to) their rennescl or
naodilicatiou may be recomslieoded-with safely Jed ad•.
vantage.
le eontemphitiog the range of the Only marigned to them,
mid the variety sod importsioce of the objects of insesitc.o.
Soo calibrated by it, year Committee were of opinios, dist .
the loom conveoinit course they could adopt, would be, r.
tabs the subjects up order 'healed heeds, earl et pum oppose
therm its seceemion ; by which rho House might be rumbled,
not only to form its jadginewt more frilly en oath subject.
as separately submitted to it, bet also awe regaily so giro
effect to its judgment, when formed, by such beitolotose
enactments as is the respective costs might wean rap,slicot.
Before, however, your Committee proceed to adroit to
the points which, have beta the pried pal objects of three
inquiry, they are seldom, to call the observation of the
House to the eXCIOIIee atentoulation 'sail compithoty of tbo •
laws under which the comedic* of the country is rvta..
hated ; with which they were foreiky leavened, in the wilt
~line stage of their hr begs. These law; pemwO es .
Afferent periods, asst loamy of she. *rising eat of tempo- •
ring cirmamalemem, amorist, as statedio a regent compihs-
thin of them, to upwards of tiro thousand; of *limb iw
less than eleven hundred were I. force in the year IS aortal*:
many addition loin been alike tirade. Atria sod h a slate-tr
meet, it will nut appear extraordinary that it should he it
matter of comptaiut to the British merchant, that so far
faun the coarse in which he is to guide his transactimis
being plain and simple; so far from lociii; able to wadi:stake
ifs operations, and to avail himself of favourable uprisings,
as they arise, with promptitude and confide:me; lit ia Ire-
. queerly reduced to the necessity of resorting to the stiviere
of prodessioatil adviser', to ascertain what lie may veuture
to du, and what be mutt avoid, before lie is able to
in his commercial adventures, with the assurance. of being
secure (runs the couseguenoes of an iorriugement of the law.
It this be the ease (as is stated to yens' Cusgilnillue) limit the
most experienced siteroogst she merchants, even in F...g:seed,
in bow wat.:ti. greeter a degree must the same perplexity and
apprehesision of dallier opt-rate so foreign countries and ora
foreign merrhauts, whose acquaintance +nib our Swots--
book must he supposed to be comparatively limited, and
vibes are destitute of the prof. 'atonal authorities vehicle the
metcbmit at hoine may at all limes annuli fur him dircrtios
When it is recollected, beside', that a trivial uninteeitional
deviation from the 'Wet letter of the Acts of Parlianseut,
may expose a ship sied cargo to the incosivenieuce of sea.
sure, which (whether sustained ur abandoned) is attended
always with delay and expense, and Cr.quently followed by
lifigatiois; it cutout be doubted that such a state of the law
most have the most prejudiai .1 lull tooth upon rum.
menial enterprise iu the country, sad upon our nielearitile
relations and iolercouise with foreign nations. And perbas s
OA service more valuable could be iradcred to the trade of
the empire, nor any measure more effeeilislly contribute to
promote the objects contemplated by the House, in she ap
poialatesse of this Committee, than an eceue,ate revisiou of
this vast and cusfesed mass of legislation; and the est/Aided*.
went of some certain, simple, and cousistent principles,
which all the regulations of commerre might he referred,
sad under which the transactions of mereliams, engaged in
the trade of the limited Kingdom, night be can listed with
facility, wills safety, sad with confiJewee.
The commercial restriction., to which the intercourse of
the United Kingdom with Foreign States issubje. kit, may
be classed under three heads; firer, those intended fur the
improvement of its navigation, sod ilia Rapport of its naval
power ; itecOudly, those which erne out of the necessity i.f
drawing from cuisinseice, in common with oilier resowiewl. a
'proportion of the public reveller ; ousel, lastly, those pews-
'my to the proiretioo afforded to visions branches of us.,
domestic industry, for the purpose of wearing to them iii..
internal supply of the country, sod the expose to Its several
colowies.
The head of restrictive proteetiorm, to which the stteation
and inquiry of your Committee has hien in the firel iiistaace
directed, is, that wh.eli comprehends lb. Acts intrusted fur
the support and extensiou of British shipping.
It moild be super/oop to pursue the history of our lases
for the promotion of Brit 'oat commerce and umigatime, from
site rashest period-at which the subject •prears to liar! Si .
copied the Alienation of she legishituie, to &Ise resge cf
Charles the Second, whets they were bronchi nearly to that
state isi which, with some subeeqesent.muditientrons, they
have times continwed. -
Whatever may leave been the principles which notated,
or the 'wittiest heueGts that have accrued to the. c 'merry
from the As Ails passed in the 12th, 13th, and 14th of. Chutes
theSretsuil, and know. be the mum" of "The Normstioa Law
nod Statute of Frauds it can seemly he denied, that they
have a tendency to Mop she operations of rissanserce, and
to impede Ilie growth of that opulence which may arise
from foreign trade.
The provisions of these Jaws apply, first, to.tlie regale.
Iwo of the trade with Asia, Arcata, and America; and the
tenitories sof thebleasid Seigoior sod the Doke of Muscovy
Seesailly, to {hate,( the trade with the other States of
Europe.
The leading; pried* refeeenee to the -former is, that
so goods the prostsee 044, Africa, or linierimi,•oonl the
territorteo specified, shad he iinpursed into thin Itiogslonn.
hot Airway boas the ploothiS. their growth, end feel it et I,
in Uskak ships, owns. by DM ia *objects, and isevigielest sot
e mimeo proportion bg ilestiab spaiises. To the liner, that
pads salwelerithtel, esteelog tame* different existattioe 01'
, - thiropt, shalt be impend either in skips built in the states
of .ohieli they "" produce, sod owned and saripleddiy

-.

t

I
I
