PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE.
HOUSE OF LORDS. TUESDAY, Juis 14.

• On the motion of the Earl e
grain and flour imported from
year 1820, wets moved for.
Mr. Brogden, Mr. Hart Davis, 111 r. Farquhar, and other Mem-
ber" of the Geese of Coninvons, bought op the blapritiue Ttade.
Bill, the Exebequee Bills (10,500.000 L) Bill, the Irish Church
Rates Bill, the Duke of Cumberland's Annuity B 11. the Scotch
Prisoners'. Aliment Bill, the Bristol Town Dues Bill, and the
Edinbugh and Glasgow Railroad Bill, the Scotch Lowland
Churches Bill, and several other private Bills, which were read a
best time.
EQUITABLE LOAN BILL.
The Earl of DARNLEY presented a petition from Stockdale
in favour of the Equitable• Loan Bill.—Laid on the table.
IRISH TIMBER TRADE.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN said that he had a petition to
Feint to their Lordships on a subject of very great importance to
the country to which it referred, for in that country it was of the
lemon consequence to encourage the art of building for the pur-
poses of navigation. The petition he now held in his hand pro-
ceeded front agrest number of ship-builders residing 'in and near
the city of Dublin, and it stated that the equalization of the duties
•on timbe• had raised the price in Ireland to 350/. on timber, and us
750 E on dealt. This naturally produced very injurious effects ea
their trade, and was certainly worthy their Lordships' consideration.
—Laid on the table.
. The Marquis of LANSDOWN then moved for accounts of thllt
quantity. and quality of American timber imported into Dub
during the last tire yeses. with the accounts of each year rape*,
tiveiy —Ordered.
IRISH JOINT-STOCK. COMPANIES' BILL.
The llaequis oILANSDOWN, in the absence of the Noble
President of the Council, in consequence, he observed. of a sorest
douteetic calamity, moved the suspension of the Standing Orders.
Nos. 211) and 211.
After .a few observations from the Earl of LAUDERDALE
and the Marquis of LANSDOWN in explanation, the standing
orders were suspended.
The Irish ,Joint-Stock Company Bill was then read a second
time, and ordered to be committed to-morrow.
COLONIAL INTERCOURSE BILL.
• Earl BATHURST moved the prder of the day for the second
reading of the Colonial Intercourse BIIL The Noble Lord stated
.that it referred to two Acts which had been pased in the third year
of his present Majesty's reign ; one of which permitted and regu.
limed the trade of our Colonies with Foreign America, and the other
with Foreign Europe. The first had allowed, in 10'3'3, American
produce to be imported into our West India Islands under certain
'regulations; but instead of considering this as a boon, the Acne-
.zicans had imposed a duty on our ships in their ports, thus re-
securing to themselves the whole trade with our Colonies.—
In order to restore the balance, we levied on the American
ships, coming to our Colonies, the same duties which they
had levied on ours. But this was considered as a meetly
temperer; expedient, and no doubt was entertained that• a pro-
per undersramling would at last be come to. and a satisfac
arrangement made. AU our efforts to accomplish this pas:
pose, however, had failed. Then what remained to be done 1 Vip
upwn our colonial ports to Europe. and to piece the European tills
on the same advantageous footing es the Americans. For *he
should we entertain more jealousy of thase.of Sweden and Denmark
than of those of the United States? This eat one of the objects of
the present Act ; but it went still fatthcr. It allowed all foreign
goods to be imported front foreign ports into our colonies, on the
payment of certainduties specified in the Schedule appended to
the Lill. Not only were these goods to be imported in British
bat in foreign ships, provided their cargo should be the produce of
the country to which they belonged. This formed the great points
isf difference between the present and the former measuro. In the
former prohibition was the rule, and importation the exception.
In the present, importation was the rule, and the exception was
prohibition. The other part of the Bill related to the teen-
sion of the Warehousing Act. It was intended to allow goods
to be warehoused in the colonies, either for importation or
exportation, and to permit them to be re-exporteil in British
or in foreign vessels, without being subject to any duty. The
Lenient duty. on re-exportation was therefore to be repealed,
tar to keen it would only be to deprive ourselves of an *deem.
rage which other countries enjoyed. Warehouses were to
be established on a more cetensive system, as they were
t o receive all kind, of produce, whether British or foreign.—
/le would not disguise from their Lordships that this was a cont.
piete abandonment of our ancient colonial system. Ulmer that
system there was no importation into our colonies except from Eng-
land, and no exportation from them but in British ships, and to
England. Now they might trade with foreign ports and in foreign
vessels. If asked what system it was that he pursued, he would
answer, a system of commercial union, in the place of one of cob..
nial restrictions. By it our colonies would enjoy the same traee
se the United States of America, and some advantages besides,
from which those States were excluded ; for, as all colonial ships
were de facto British ships, and British ships alone were allowed
to bring the produce of the colonies to this country, or to carry it
from one colonial port to another, they would have that branch of
trade exclusively to themselves. The time when Europe held the
%Vei.tern 'World:under the chains of the colonial system was gone by,
and the States that lived in the darkness of slavery bad emerged to
independence. Whether those of South America would Proceed
as nourishingly as those which had given them the example of
emancipation, was a question which it remained for their conduct
to solve. The United States of America owed much of their pros-
perity to the enjoyment of a neutral trade. But, whatever was the
progress or the fate of those States, it was impossible that we
nitould be indifferent spectators of what was passing before us.
We must watch the march of events, and not linger behind but
move on with the current. The Noble Earl then moved that the
Dili be read a second time.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN said that the Bill of which the
Noble Earl had moved the second reading, and on which he had
addressed the House, was of a nature the most important—import.
sate, because it was totally subversive of the old system. He did
not rise to oppose this Bill, but, on the contrary, to give it his
most cordial support; and he did it with the greater satisfaction,
because it was the very measure which shortly after his entrance
Into public life he had brought forward in the other House of I'm-
'Lament, and feebly and ineffectually recommended this very prin-
ciple—to introduce a more liberal and tree intercourse between our
Colonies and the Continent of America. Ile alluded to this cir-
cumstance to congratulate himself and the public that, after a
lapse of 111 years, so altered had been public opinion, and so new
wan the system of policy now pursued, that that very measure
which had been received in so stormy a manner, on which there
was repeated divisions in the other House, which was so severely
attacked within doors, and so greatly abused without, which was
condemned to so unqualified a degree by many friends of the
Nobie Earl himself, was now brought forward and received
with scarcely any dissent. It was, at the period to which he
(the Marquis of bansdown) alluded, denied on the ground that if •Ne
gave access to our colonies by means of American trade, it would
hereafter he made a pretence to admit the ships of every power in
Europe. He congratulated himself that the principle which WM
then looked upon with so much bonne was now introduced and de-
cided, not by him, but by the parricidal hand of the Noble Earl
himself ; for his proposition laid the very axe to the root, and des.
troyed one of the most impolitic and unjust acts that had ever
roused the jealousy of ono country and produced poverty in ^n-
eater. If this country wished to preserve her colonies, the surest
way of doing so was by opening to them freely every trade in which
they could engage, and by giving them, as far as pomlble, all
those blessings which as tree States they would enjoy. if the ob-
ject of this country were to delay a separation—and in the natural
tune of events, at some period, however distant, that separation
bust take place—this measure was calculated to make such an
event occur under circumstances which would be but comparatively
little injurious—which would !mike the contest less protracted, and
lime no very dangerous effects to either party behind. The expe-
rience of their Lordships would lead them to perceive how desir.
able was the system introduced by the Noble Earl--a system which
rinnoved colonial restrictions for the purpose of subatltuting a free
oommercial connection, and that was far more pol-tic and just,
sod more conducive to the interests of the mother country
and her colonies. He had understood that another measure'
connected with this would have been brought betire their
Lordships, mid if he had any complaint against this measure it
was, that it had been brought forward as detached and piecemeal,
and their Lordships bad not had an opportunity of judging of the•
system wilt reference to all its parts. He would briefly observe
rtiat a bill would be shorty before the Ham relative to West'
India Duties, which proposed to remove those duties front such ar-
ticles as were raved by the blacks, or by the small white propels.
tees and by this means to i•ncottrage free labour in those colones.
To this bill he would give his most cordialsupport, from a convice
den of the importance of the object it 'Caught to attain.. He not
only approved of the bill now before the House, but he looked with
anxiety to some future hill, which he was sure would he founded
es principles that. would guide their Lordships successfully thmugh
asp difficulties that might arise from any change in those relations
which subsisted between distant portions of the globe.
The Earl of I.IVERP()L naid that although he did not mean to
detain their Lordships for any length of tithe, he felt it necessary
re make a few observations on the bill now before the House. Pe
entirely concurred in the opinion expressed by the Noble 3larmtia,
that it would have been more advisable to have introduced another
lwhich was connected with this, as it would have given the
use an opportunity of at once perceiving the whole system to
which loth the Bills referred ; and the only reason he believed
lab, this was not done was, that business in the other House had so
multiplied, that it was found impossible to pass that Bill through
dtfterent sta. and really for want of tine. But though he
ou taght it would have been desirable to have viewed the whole
niseseee together, and though lut admitted that this Bill was con.
matted with the other, he contended thet there was no absolute ne-
•ty for considering them together, because if this latter Bill was
rejected by the Commons, or being accepted by them, did not meet
the views of their Lordships , still he should mainrain that the niem
• axle before the House ought to be taken into consideration, and ae-
zepten by their Lordships, although it had been proposed to the
House unconnected in any way with any other measure. He did •
not Wish, when hi embers wets agreed on the general subject, to re-
as to minor points on which throe might be some differences ; bat
i.e felt it necessary so notice the observations made by the Noble
Marquis in reference to the bill that had been introduced by him
imp the House of Comment nineteen years ago, when be filled the
ales of Chpnoellor of the Exchequer. What it was brought up to
int Lords, It certainly (lid meet with his( Lord Liverpool's) oPPo-
4ifen, because lie thought the Bill at mat time unwise mid urine-
allisary. But the Noble Marquis should recollect that a gust
at sots bat since Wien- placc--not only since the period at which

feu 18 ri (; the
