. nd discretion. apply themselves to the deliberate consideration of
I the communications made to them, with a view to corret what.
er may be amiss, and to supply what may be wanting tcwatits
ewe improving the condition and promoting the civilization of the
aloe, population.
•• 'That those independe^t Colonial Legislatures, upon which. for
a hog period, has practically rested issbjeet to the sanction of the
Cam la Council) the right of municipal and internal regulation,
wtll, however, claim that themselves, from the local experience and
ifnandiste knowledge of all that is passing around them. can belt
judge of the tittest time and manner of introditerng any chintzes in
thew law and practice, and will plead that while they feel the re.
spoasibillty of their situation, they cannot consistently be required
to do what they conscientnusiy consider as dangerous to the tran.
4 oinks and prosperity of the Colonies over which they preside.
'' That your petitioners have embarked their property in Colonial
reearitira. greatly induced thereto, by their confluence in the ex-
portent:la and practical knowledge of the Colonial Legislatures. and
in two advantage of having the laws and internal regulations of
tf‘e Celestes framed by those most competent to adapt them to
Mielimmediate character, habits, and intelligence. of the various
claws which compose their population ; that if the slaves be
fatnehl to look for their protection and government to any other
authority than that of the Kirg and the legislative or other local
power, which they have been long accustomed to respect and obey,
the tranquillity of the Colonies, and consequently the security of
ptoperty thereto, will be greatly endangered.
" That your petitioners would therefore regard an interference
by the Imperial Parliament with the established jurisdiction of
love Legislatures, as a removal of one of the securities of property
i tented in the Colonies, and they know that the bare stiggestinn
of such interference has contributed to the discredit which already
attaches to West India securities.

** That the conduct of the Colonial Legislatures respecting the
Registry Laws, together with their zealous reception and liberal
support of the echelons establishments with whlth they have been
favoured, prove the good-will of the Colonists, and theirinclina-
tion to arquiese in those views of the Patent Legislature, which
..re directed to objects of unquestionable utility, provided they be
secured against attacks upon their constitutional privileges. and
those rights of property which have been established under titles and
sat,ctiona as valid as the law could give them.
That your petitioners feel themselves authorised to declare that
tie opinions which, in 11123, were expressedlo his Mejesty'sMinis-
ten by several possessors of colonial property resident in this coun.
try, and which have often, in discussion upon this subject, been
referred to, were directed solely towards measures of amelioration,
and did neither contemplate any compulsory emancipation of the
slaves. nor any COMIIMIII spot, die independence of the Colonial
Lesishoures. . . . .

.7 That Great Britain, if she have the will, may doubtless im-
pose upon het Colonies a constraint which they cannot resist; and
it is equally true that precipitate acts of point might produce
ruinous extremities which the mother country did not contemplate,
arid which she might in vain attempt to remedy. But the atttibute
of the British Legislature is Justice, end to that your petitioners
will make their appeal. Confident in their undeviating attachment
in his Majesty's person and Government, and conscious of no crime
by which their title to protection is totfeit«l„ they do respectfully
Lit firmly prefer their claim to full indernnEication for all injury
which constraint and force may inflict upon that property, which,
whatever may have been the circuttistonccs of its original sequisi.
bon. is held, as it now stands, under the solemn guarantee of
llrnish laws.

That your petitioners cannot conclude without noticing that
tnany of the petitions to your Honourable House. which ask Its
inm-terence with the Colonial Legislatures, there is a prayer, that
Sri respect to the West India Colonies the mother country will de-
part from that established policy, by which the produce of capital
sad industry, which is purely and intimately British, and situated
in parts of the empire whose commerce the mother country strictly
(-Intro's, has a protection afforded to it in the home consumption
ever that which is foreign or brought from appendages of the em-
pire not so controlled, and less identified with the resources and in-
terests of the mother country.
" That this prayer, if traced to its source, would, as your ppd.
tioners believe, be found to originate in interests of commercial
Ilrelry, since it is at variance with a spirit of humanity towards the
alive, whose well-being cannot possibly be promoted by any pro-
ceeding
which tends to impoverish his master.
" Upon the grounds which your petitioners have now stated, they
humbly pray,
" That your Honourable House will, by a legislative declaration,
Of by such other means as to your wisdom shall appear mast cape.
• diem, restore to the property of your petitioners, and of other
British subjects connected with the West India Colonic*, that ere-
•dit and confidence which is ever due to property protected by Bri-
tish laws ; and also that your Honouralde House will forbear to
'adopt towards the local Legislatures in the West India Colonies,
*any reasurea which may be at variance with the rights of iutemal
legislation which they have so long exercised."
111 T. W. SMITH said that he agreed in every measure which
had been adopted by his Majesty's Uovernment. The Hon.
'Gentleman quoted a statement trom the planters of Antigua, which
- had been laid before the Privy Council ; which went to prose that
the slaves on that island were much improved by the system of
eieneliorw.ion which had been adopted ; that they went regularly on
'Sundays to Blethtdut Meetings ; and that they were much better
used than heretofore.

Mr. WAR RE said, that the enressonable language which had
been used by the abolitionists in this country had necessarily caused
Unreasonable conduct upon the pert of the 'oltmies. The course
pursued by the abolitionists tended to retard the atiainnient of their
ohject. What, he would ask the House, could the West India
planters think of the pamphlet of Mr. Stephen. who was a Muter
in C.hancery, lending his pen and the influence of his name to a
work which denounced any person connected with slaves—what
could they think, when they beheld him dragging into the argu-
ment matters which had nothing to do with it, for the sake of ex.
coing Feelings of indignation against the slave.owners ? v You
1.1,e." said Mr. Stephen, ‘• been Jealous in the cause of the
lireeite—you have been strenuous in the cause' of the Spaniards__
h..ve, then, can you be insentible to the sufferings of the unfortu.
rate African? Yet the Greeks were not driven with tan-whips.
sod in the Colonies there sere many petty tyrants whose yoke was
more intolerable than that of Ferditand." Was there any occasion
for 'tech a needless and uemovoked attack--an attack calculated to
retsed the emancipation of the slave, and uuwortity of the pen front
which it issued. (Hear, hear.) Again, he wished to repeat that'
lie was a friend to the melioration of the condition of the slave; he
approved of every step which had been adopted by 31inisters, and
would always vote for any practicable measure: but he felt bound
to deprecate such language. wherever it proceeded from, but more
partieularly when it proceeded from such high autheiriiy.
Mr. LUSHINGTON said he regretted having to address the
House upon a discussion accidentally arising out of the presenting
of a petition. but he could not bring himself to remain silent when
the great question of West India Slavery was the subject of debate.
'l'„0 lion. Member had stated that there were exaggerations on
both sides, and that persons at this side of the .ltiantic were in a
laver, owing to the representations evlindi hail been made to them
of vie exaggerated cruelties suffered by the slave population in the
West Indies. He (Mr. Lushingtoi.) was anxious to know what
thos• exaggerations were ? He wished to know to shunt those ex.
aggerations were to he attributed ? Rut the fact was, and he was
prepared to maintain it, thst there were no exaggerations on the
part or those who pleaded in behalf of the sieve. (Hear, hear.)
}.eery day's experience proved the tact, and the returns from the
Cidenial authorities themselves proved that those representations
11.1 not even come up to the bare truth. He would ask the lion.
Member for Rochester (Mr. lkrnal) to pernse those documents,
and he would sian be convinced, tor it was shown upon the very
Ise.: of those documents, that no exaggeration had taken place.
(hear, hear.) The Hon. Member for Taunton (Mr. Wane) had
Chosen to select from a pamphlet, containing IMO pages, a single
sentence to mark with reprobation, forgetting all the provocation
which the author had received ; forgetting all the libels in the Colo-
nies which held him op to the reprobation of all ado had an interest
in opposing the abolition of the slaves. (Hear, hear.) He would
have found. hail lie read the remainder of the pamphlet, the most
penouive arguments to the adoption of moderate memuses that
had ever hued from the press. (Hear, hear.) He was sorry to
have troubled the House with his observations, hut he could not
liatri to curb imputations without lifting his voice in rtfutation of
them. (Cheers.)
Mr. BERNAL contended that there were the most palpable
exaggentioos. It had been warned Mat there were no anieliera.
lion, in the condition of the slues, and in support of this u.
section the continuance of the practice of branding was alleged.
The fact was, however, that when slaves first were imported they
were Wended, but since the population had become "Creole." that
was to say, native* of the Island, the practice had been discon-
tinued. It was wholly abandoned, and yet the slave owners were
stigmatised because the practice was still ascribed to them. (Hear,
hear.) When such charges, as these were made he trusted that the
lion and Learned fhntlenrian would admit that they were exagge-
rattans and tuilostried accusations. (Hear) He would pledge
himself to meet the Hon. and Le:ailed Gentleman upon the subject
if he would bring it berme the House, and to prove to him teat there
were exaggerations in other shapes which u was difficult to defend,
because a tale was easily got up, but not so easily refuted when the
distance from which the refutation was to be procured was not less
than 4.000 miles.

A ►IE3IBER from under the gallery said that property in the
West lolies was dep►eciated, in consequenco of they exaggerations,
teen ettent which no person could conceive who Rad not been con-
nected with the Colonies.

Mr. MANNINO made some observations which were Inaudible
in th. gallery ; but we understood him to appeal to the Hon.
the Urder Secretary for the Colonial Department, whether there
bad not been the grossest exaggerations of the aullivings of the
slave population cf the Colonic..
Mr. SYKES said that the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Kerns!) was
himaclf an instance of how far a person may be carried in his seal,
rst.en he said that it was no longer the practice to brand the
Dreo:e shirrs. Ile happened to have in his pocket the Jamaica
Given", from which it appeared that the practice was just as
coop,' sn as it ever had been. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. (lende-
r.% I here r.n.l several advertisements fur Creole dives who had
descried, aid all of whom had brand marks on various parts of
titer bodies He thougst the lion. blember fur Taunton (Mr.
arre) hart not cued fairly in selectiog a solitary pi:awe frau a
pamphlet;wholr but ptill he felt glad that he had quoted it at all,
as it 4-itght be the means of introducing that little wink to the at-
tenunn of the Goose.

--- -
Mr. CA NSING rase for the purpose of requesting his Flan.
Friend behind him (Mr. W. Horton) not to answer the appeal
tibia had been made to him. ( Ilea, hear.) The practice would
be most ineonreniem if gentlemen in office were to be called
upon to row and bear testimony to any tower 'loch might ante
the course of a dismay°. (lieu, btu.) He thought be was

doing a service to the House when he requested that his lion.
Friend would not answer the appeal which had been made to tun.
Mr. T. WILSON called the attention of the House to the peti-
tion against slavery in the West India Colonies, which had been
got up in London, and which had been signed by nn leas titan 70,000
individuals. The means by which that petition had been got up
were disgraceful to the cause which it professed to . The town
was placarded with bills, at the head of which was the representation
of a negro in chains, and similar bills were repotted at every house
where the petition lay for aignature. This was a species of acting
upon the feelings, which was moat unjustifiable. The Antis Slavery
Society had taken the most unfair means to attain their object, but
of all others none was so culpable as that of insinuating that His
SliPesty'sGovernment required that support which they could only
have from theexpression of the feeling of the whole country as to
the necessity of abolishing slavery in the West Indies. Another
species of argument was also resorted to, which was that the pro-
tecting duties on West India sugar should be abolished ; but that
surety was a false principle, because it would be equalizing the en-
cnuragement which our own Colonies would receive with that of the
Spanish Colonies, whereas the former were ameliorating the con-
dition of their slaves, while the latter kept up the slave trade in its
fullest force. Such arguments were calculated to mislead. and
were extremely discreditable to the Anti. Slavery Society. With
respeet to what was contained in the body of those petitions, as to,
the granting indemnity and not interfering with private property,
he should say that investigation as to the value of property, and the
extent of indemnity ought to take place before the measures prayed
for were adopted. If left to a subsequent period, those matters
might not be so easily ore. satisfactorily ascertained. They should
also inquire what had been the consequence of slave emancipation
in St. Domingo. Could the population there he induced to cultivate
sugar ? No; and such also might be the result of inadvertent
measures with regard to the other islands.
Mr. EVANS was of opinion, that they ought not to place a
heavier duty on sugar which was the result of free labour, than on
that which was grown by the labour of the slave.
r. W. 5311T11 rose amid loud cries of '* Question." He was
anslous, he said, that the House should hear what he was then
about to say, as it might save much of their time afterwards. The
Honourable Gentleman near him (Mr. Bernal) had asserted that
the people on this side of the water were ignorant of what was go-
ing on at the other side of the Atlantic; and that the branding of
negroes was an old story, long since exploded. He held in his
hand, however, the supplement to the Royal Gazette of the Ifitii
February, 1826, in which was a list of apprehended deserters. The
Honourable Gentleman then read a list of Creole deserters who had
been taken, and all of whom were branded, although it wee no less
than nineteen years since any of them had been imported. If he
lived in Jamaica he would much rather risk the loss of his negro,
than shosit the feelings of people in this country by such advertise-
ments as those he had just read. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. BERNAL said, that his lion.'Friend (31r. Evans) had
takes up a Gazette which had the names of several slaves who were
branded. lie (Mr. Bernal) wished to repeat what he had formerly
stated. There were some few instances of slaves being treated in
tne manner alluded to, but those slaves who might be found
branded were of the worst description, and by their bad conduct had
become inmates of the workhouse ; in such places slaves might be
found with those marks. lie highly condemned such marks being
made on any slaves, and could assure the House the practice was
getting into disuse. When the negro population of Jamaica (which
consisted of 300,000 slaves) was considered, and the few instances
of slaves being branded was taken into account, it would be clear
that the practice was not carried to any extent, and wu not of' he-
quent occurrence.
Sir. R. ELLIS said, there were instances of several slaves being
branded. He would only instance the case of a master who was
prosecuted for having inflicted such a punishment on a slave.
After a few words from Mr. BUTTERWORTH the petition
was ordered to be printed.
ALIEN REGISTRATION ACT.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that when the Alien Act was passed,
in the year 11)24, a hope was expressed by the Secretary of State, in
which he himself concurred, that the Act might be dispensed with,
and that the power of cotnpelling foreigners to quit this country
might be removed front the laws of England. The period would
soon arrive at which the Alien Act which was now in force would
expire. That Act would cease to be in force in November next,
and he was now happy to say that it was in his power to fulfil the
expectations which were then entertained. (Cheers.) In proposing
the present measure, he would only require the registration of such
foreigners as visited this country ; but he would not subject them
to any other regulations for their removal from this country than
natural-born subjects were liable to. (('heers,) No one felt greater
satisfactionithan he did, in bringing forward a measure which would
procure such security for foreigners who might come into this
country. There were no instances of an abuse of the power which
Was vested in the Government by the Alien Act ; but he did not
consider the absence of abuse, under such circumstances, a reason
far continuing the Act. When his predecessor held the situation
I which he (Mr. Secretary Peel) then held, no abuse had been made
of the power given by the Alien Act. As for himself, he knew but
I of one instance of an individual being removed from this country
under the authority of that Act; and that instance had no connexion
I whatever with any political feeling. The person in question had
threatened to offer injury to the Ambassador of his country, and
his violent conduct gave reason to suppose that he would carry his
thre.as into execution ; he had, in consequence, ordered ~is removal
from this country, and his conduct had been approved of by the
Privy Council. He had used every exertion that foreigners should
not be incommoded by the operation of the Act. The Act which
he would now propose would not be of a temporary nature. It was
so framed as to compel foreigners to make a true and faithful decla.
ration of their names and professions, and to state where they should
reside, and also to give intimation of any change of residence they
might make, so that the Secretary of State might know their place
Indwelling, should any circumstance occur which might require
his knowledge of ti tat circumstance. There were now residing
in this country (said the Right lion. Gent.) 20,800 persons, who had
been compelled by intestinal war, and other misfortunes, to seek an
asylum in England. That asylum they had found ; and he be-
lieved there were none, whatever might be their party, who had not
felt for these individuals the greatest interest and sympathy. (Hear.
hear.) Were they to take any improper advantage of die confidence
row placed in them, it would be a bad return for the shelter which
had been altiaded them. He could not, however, think they writ Id
abuse this new power with which they were intrusted ; but Wet any
period they did, he should feel it his duty, without hesitation, to
come down to Parliament tor the purpose of asking it to restore the
system which had been in force for so many years. This was the
way in which he should act, if experience showed that it was neer,-
easy ; but he could not help trusting that no such necessity would
ever exist. The Right Ilun. Gentleman concluded by moving,
that leave be given to brio; in a Bill to provide for the registration
of aliens.

Lord ALT HORP seconded (as we understood) the motion ; but
the Noble Lord spoke in so low a tone of voice that scarcely a word
of what be uttered was audible in the gallery.
fur. HOBHOUSE was sure the measure of the Right Hon.
Gentleman would entail the lasting gratitude, not only of the indi-
viduals to be benefited, but of the whole of Knrope. He did not
wish to say so in an offensive sense. but though he gave them every
possible credit, it appeared to hint Government was hardly aware of
tile good it was now effecting. He could assure the House the
Alien Act was considered abroad as ore of those acts by which Great
Britain had connected herself with the Holy Alliance. Ile would
appeal to any one at ell acquainted with the feeling of foreigners
on this question, and ask them if what he had stated was not the
indisputable fart. He was highly gratified that they were to return
to that policy which had made this rstion for so many years the chief
protector of distress and the uphrlder of liberty all over the world.
The necessity to return to the objectionable measures which hail
been referred to he was sure would not occur: he was sure the
Right Hon. Gentleman would not find that lie had made his ap.
peal in vain. There was one observatien made by the Hight Hon.
Gentleman, to which, perhaps, some slight objection at-ached : he
had spoken of the privilege to be given to aliens as new ; but it
must be recollected that the reverse of this was the ease; that, in
fact, they were only new to those who were now to enjoy them. In
reference to the measure proposed by the Right lion. Gentleman,
he must say that he feared not in what terms he could record, or
how he could adequately express his gratitude to his Alajesty's
Government.

Air R. WILSON said the confidence placed in aliens by this
concession of privileges would doubtless he entertained as it de.
served. He thought there was nut the slightest reason for appre-
hending that It would be abused. The Right Hon. Secretory had
front his (Sir l(. Wilson's). personal knowledge always shown him-
self most anxious to do Justice to aliens: he had always evinced
the greatest respect fur the tights of individuals. There was one
point he wished to notice. In times of political trouble individuals
were often obliged to seek refuge in this country under false names.
Ha apprehend therefore. that there would be so me difficulty is
the arangetr.ent prupoad by the Right Hon. ficntlemma, and he
et,uld not cot:cur with it tattle 'this diffinalty were in some way or
other obviated.

Mr. Secretory PEEL spoke in so low a toned voice that be was
scarcely to be heard. We understood him to say that the names
would he received conSdentially, but it wu consistent with every
principle of policy that they should be required. There might be
times when they might wish to know the number of Aliens in thb
country, and the places of their sbode. Some reference had been
made to his calling these privileges new ones t but when it was
recollected that since the last war broke out in 1793, they had been
suspended, lie thought he might be excused having described them
as he had.

in answer to s question from Mr. R. SMITH,
Air. Secretary PEEL, as we understood him, replied that there
would be no public exposure of the names.
Mr. DENMAN said the aliens had never abused the power con-
fided to them; in support of this assertion them was the experience
of at least a eertury. When people were treated like British sub.
jeets they would deserve to betwite such (hear); hut until they
were, it could not be reasonably expected that they would feel
themselves bound by any or these obligations which would, under
different circumstances, iiithienee them. One of the great sylvan-
rages that would result trout tha Bill about to be introduced was,
that it would get rid of many absurdities now in existence, though
they had latterly bacorie little more than nominal. One of these
was, that an alien was tit be tried by • jury, consisting half of
British subjects and Italia his own countrymen. Now, he would
contend that there was limit all alien who would not prefer being tried
by • Jury entirely composed of British subjects. There might
have been some who insisted on being tried ili the manlier he re-
ferred to ; but he believed viich individuals were generally guilty
men, who hoped to derive advantage from the difficulty experienced
in procurii-q a jury an am,titutrd. lie highly epproved of the
present measure, and consaleirti it brought about by the improved
circumstances, the increased prosperity and intelligence of the
people.
Leave was then given to bring in the Bill.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

COLONIAL SLAVERY.
W. SMITH rose to move a Resolution regarding the slave
population in the colonies of Demerara and Berbice. This was a
subject most interesting, fertile, and important. Masters of negroes
seemed to imagine they had the same sort of property in these
human beings as they had in chattels ; but this he denied. It was
in fart a monstrous proposition. As a proof of the feeling exist.
log. he nerd only remind the House of a trial which took place in
Berbice, during which the Attorney-General of the island observed
he was shocked to hear language used on that occasion expressive
of an opinion, that there was no more harm in killing a negro than
a dog. This information was derived from despatches which had
been forwarded by Governor Edwards. They heard a great deal
about the sacrifices of property which would attend an alteration
of the existing system, but those who embark property in such
sorts of traffic had no right to a return. As a profit o( the refractory
spirit existing in the Dutch Colonies, it was known that in May,
1823. certain orders were sent out by Earl Bathurst. which were de.
laved being carried into effect, nearly three years, for they were
only now beginning to reap any advantage from them. These
kind of statements were sufficient evidences of the spirit which pee.
railed in thosequarters. The insurrection, at Demerara, had been
before discussed in that House, and in a manner that would not
soon lie forgotten. The trial of an individual there (Mr. Smith),
—perhaps it would be more faithfully designated it he called it
murder—and all the circumstances connected with that disgraceful

transaction. yet remained fresh in the memory of thousands in that
country. Ile hoped these facts would long continue unforgottel.
These insurrections hid been attributed to the influence of the Mae
sionaries; but when they considered the disposition before referrd
to. were they not more likely whim originated in another quarter)
As a proof of what had been the sufferings; of the negroes, he '
would refer the House to an insurrection which took place in De-
in the year 1709. He would not take up their time by en-
tering into a detail of the facts: in tact it was unnecessary; for I
it was well known that there were at that period cruelties and ex-
ecutions, such as were enough to make the blood of the English-
man run told, and the Wood of the negro boil. He had denied
that the missionaries in any way contributed to these insurrections;
hr would now go further than this: What did they? When the
insurrection took place at Demerara, to which he had just referred, I
the negroes were guilty of excessive cruelties ; they murdered
numbera of the whites, burnt houses, and committed every
other description of outrage. Now at that period there were
no Missionaries in Demerara. What occurred during the
recent insurrection at the same place, during a period when
these Missionaries. to whom wereattributed the disturbances which
had taken place, were there ? Why, on this occasion there was one
white man who lest his life. As a proof the manner in which
justice was distributed, he would refer the House to the
Report of Demerara and Berbice. They would there find that
only one planter was brought to justice, and he was fined
hot not giving a proper quantity of food to one of his slaves. The
number of suffering negroes, however, was sufficiently numerous.
He would ask what was the natural inference from this ? One of I
the great sources of the dissensions ofthe Colonies was derived from
the power the managers had over the women. There was a state-
ment in the same Report of a man named Felix, who complained
that the manager was continually taking away his wife. '1 he wo-
man hail a child by him ; after which the tyranny of the manager
became unbearable. The manager imposed some severe duty on
Felix, which he refused to perform. A representation was now
made to the Fiscal of the manager's conduct. The result of this
was, that Felix was punished for the non-performance of his duty,
while the manager (who was charged also with exercising his
authority over other women) was only " severely reprimanded,"
with flee addition of a recommendation being forwarded to
his employer, Dr. Brewer, recommending his discharge. He
contended. front the experience which was derived of the man-
ner in which the islands were managed whoa left to their own dis-
cretion, that nothing but the superintending eye of England would
provide an adequate improvement is the condition of the slaves
He thought that application might be made to the case under con-
sideration of the enmmon rule of ph.lonophy, which said that where
there was an adequate cause for an effect, it was futile to require
any additional reasons. The insurrection which had taken place
among the slaves in theta est Indies, was attributed to the proceed.
ingot which were instituted in that House for their relief; but the
proprietors in the islands had themselses given sufficient proem-
lion, and had no occasion to go beyond their own precincts fur suf-
ficient cause. lie believed that it was the intention of the Govern.
ment that the chief guardian of the slaves should not be an owner ;
and of that intention he approved. The only objection he enter-
tained on the subject was, that the provision of security did not
extend far enough. He knew very well that in the colony of Deme-
rara an esprit du corps prevailed among the presiding authorities,
which prevented the beneficial operation of laws intended for the
advantage of the Colony. They were afraid of deciding on the cases
which came before them with impartiality, lest they might them-
'wive be subject to a similar process, and in turn suffer the inflic-
tion of penalties tor misconduct. But the Burgher-Captains, to
whom complaints oldie improper treatment of slaves were retened,
besides the cause which be had just stated as a prevention of re-
dress, were also affected by an ignorance of the laws, which induced
them to be more cautious of committing themselves, were they so
disposed, in favour of the poor slaves, and thereby encountering the
hostility of their powerful masters. He did not, however, impute
the ignorance of the laws to the Burgher-Captains as a grievous
censure, for he was well aware that the Dutch code, on which those
laws were founded, was composed of most subtle principles and
nice distinctions. The Burgher-Captains, the.eore, might very
fairly be excused for not understanding the laws by which they
were compelled to decide on the complaints submitted to them.
They were not deemed fit for administering justice among the
whites, and, as that was the case, they se'- •oi to him to be still less
adapted to adjudicate in the complaints t f bl,,•lts, because the pre-
judices of the owners were to be regardet . therefore was fully
convinced that all the subordinate officers who were appointed for
the protection of slaves should, to secure impartiality, be placed
under the same restrictions as were to operate on the Chief Guar.
diens. The meaner the instruments. the greater was the danger of
their acting incorrectly. He accordingly found that numerous
complaints had been preferred without effect. lie would now ad-
vert to what he considered a singular fact, and which had been
mentioned to him since he entered the House. The singularity to
which he alluded was, that while the people of England were accus•
ing the Roman Catholics of principles and practices which did not
accord with enlarged and liberal ideas, yet it would be found that in
all the Spanish Colonies the conduct pursued towards the slaves was
much preferable to that which prevailed in the British West In-
dies. The acts which Mr. Smith had been so reprehended for st
Demerara, v-ere those which had been prescribed as the duty of the
priests in tne Spanish Colonies. They were particularly directed
to go and inquire of the slaves what was the nature of the treatment
which they experienced from their musters, in order that redress
might be given in necessary cases. Since the days of Columbus,
the conduct of the Spaniards had been considered in this country of
an obnoxious character, yet it would nos be found that they fur-
nished an example which was extremely laudable, and ought to be
followed. The last regulation which they had adopted in that re-
spect was dated so lately as the year 17119, when that duty of in-
specting the condition of the slaves was not merely recommended,
but rendered imperative. At that very period those persons who
endeavoured to recommend the abolition of slavery were looked at
as fanatics ; but since that time opinions were beginning to change,
and this country thought itself obliged to send over an Order in
Council for the alleviation of the state of the alum That Order
in Council. however, it may he said, was derived from the ex-
amples which the Spaniard* had given. An improvement was
daily gaining ground in public opinion in this respect ; and he
was confident that the time was not far distant whn great
sorrow would he expressed that similar measures to these
recommended by the advocates of the slaves, had not sooner been
adopted. It an- a!ieged that the slaves were not in a condition for
immediate emancipation. Ile agreed in ..he necessity fur proceed.
ing gradually with the measure. but it should not be altogether
abandoned, and every exertion should in the wan time be used to
prepare the slaves for the proper enjoyment of the change. But if
they were actually, as they were milled, the greatest brutes in ex-
istence, still they were not worse than what the conduct of their
meatus made them. He was speaking of the colonial proprietors,
of those who possessed the power of civilizing them. and ytt what,
he would ask, ditl they do to humanize them ? They had done
nothing to that purpose, but everything to reduce them to that de-
gree of lcwest degradation, which was uow objected as a reason for
refusing them the rights of humanity. He liked to refer to the
authority of Bryan Edwards. By him it was mentioned over and
over again, that" in his time the examples set by the Colonists
were sect', that St was no wonder that the slaves were what they
were." But the principle of preparing the dues fur the enjoy-
ment of a better condition was not novel, however obsolete
in practice. In the year Ililifi a law was passed in Jamaica for
building churches aid promoting the education of the slaves ; but
little regard was exhibited subsequently to the amelioration of their
physical or moral condititti. The feeling evinced towards the
slaves reminded hint of an anecdote related of Frederick King of
Prussia, who was more famous as a warrior thou as a moralist. A
aoldigr was brought before hint antler a charge of immorality ; the
Ring asked the accuser if thy man was a brave soldier, and the re-
ply being in the affirmative, his Majesty said, what have I to do
with his amours ? Such was the principle which dictated the prac-
tise of the Colonists. Provided the slaves worked well, they cared
for nothing else. As long as the work was satisfactorily executed,
no regard was paid to their morals. It was, however, unfair and
unjust to hlwne the wretched slaves for conducting themselves in a
manner which was the necessary result of the mode of treatment
exercised towards them. If a different course had been adopted. the
slave population of the West India Colonies would present at this
time a thirteens aupearance front that ascribed to diem. They would,
if properly treated, he cheerful, healthy, and moral. The heaviest
charge which he could lay against those who opposed the contem.
plated improvement Was, that they did not look to the signs of the
times. They were preserving an old and obsolete view of the ques.
don, and not allowing sufficiently for the progress of public opi-
nion. Forty years ago it was just as much a crime as at the pre-
sent period, to prat-dee what had been sluice proscribed by legisla-
tive enactments. Great and 1111111:1111C Cfrollt4 11{11.1 been made in the
interval to extinguish the traffic in Shiers, but the principle which
forbad that infamous trade was planted in the breast of man ante-
reelently to the existence of statutes in any land. Every man who
looked into a book of morality must know that he had only a qua-
lified right to the labour of slaves. Tnat was a sentiment planted
by nature in the mind of man, and nothing but the penalties de-
pended on the statute of the ItOth of Geo. iii. There wale only
one point more to which he would direct the attention of the
House. Ile and those gentlemen who were affected by similar
feelings on the subject, had *nil over and over again that the
preparation of sugar was the severest labour to which
slaves were subjected, and the assertion was easily proved
by the effects which were caused by that species of labour. A napes
had been laid on the table of that noose. which referred to the
island of Anguilla. That Report stated that tne pound of that

island was poor, that the management was bad, and that the slaves
who resided there received but little clothing and victuals t and to
sum op all, the•reporter added, that it was impossible to find a
system more ruinous to muter and slave than that which prevailed
there. Now if the font Colonies were tolbe considered, in which
the greatest quantities of sugar was produced, it would be found
that where the quantity was an average of eight hundred pounds
weight to a MIN there wan a proportionate decrease in the popu-
lation. In others, where the average was only five hundred and
(Our hundred, it Woutd be seen that there was a small increase.
But in the poor little island of Anguilla, which was in contrast to
the rich Colonies, the quantity of sugar for each man was small,
and not more then 21101 b. but there, under all the disadvantages to
Which he had alluded, the population was In a greater increase'
than in any other of the Colonies. Ile did not mean to throw
odium in what he had said on any persons, but he conceived it re-
quisite that the system acted on towards the slaves should be cor-
rected. He thanked the House for its patience, and proposed a re-
solution to the following effect r—That from official documents
before the House, and other authentic information, viz. gazettes.
it appeared that notwithstanding the protection given by the
Fiscal and Chief Justice at Demerara and Barbiee to the alaves,
yet that the slave did not derive the benefit intended ; and the
House therefore, however it feels gratified at the imperative Orders
in Council sent out to the Colonies, is of opinion that hower strict
the laws may be on the subject, yet that they cannot be productive
of good, unless the persons who are appointed as subordinate
officers to carry them into execution, shall be precluded from the
possession of slaves for public or domestic purposes. He was
aware that his Majesty's Ministers would answer that the Chief
Justice was circtintacribed in the manner be bad stated, but that
was not sufficient for the purpose.
The Resolution having been put,
.51r. W. MORTON said that as the greater part of the Hon.
Member's speech was so little in keeping with the tenor of the
resolution which he had submitted to the House, he (Alr. W. Hor-
ton) felt at a loss whether to address himself to the speech or
to the resolution. But when the Honourable Gentleman asserted
that the evils remained in the Colonies, he admitted that it was im. '
possible to procure a speedy reformation, for at the present time
in Demerara, the system for which the honourable Gentleman con-
tended was taking effect ; and in Berbice it was on the eve of being
introduced. It was perfectly true that the superintending eye of this !
country, which he &aired, was inspecting the interests of the I
slaves in those Colonies. A superintendent had been appointed for
the purpose, and he should read a copy of the instructions sent out
for his direction. The Honourable Gentleman then proceeded to
read from the document, which was of considerable length. It
imposed on him, as protector of the slaves, the necessity of wait-
ing on the slaves, and inquiring into any complaints winch they
had to prelet ; and that lie should of course apply to the local
government in cases which reTtired its interposition, and that he
should not fail to report any detect of difficulty which might occur
in his superintendence or survey ; but that in so doing he should
use great discretion, so as to impress on the slaves t• "'Mapco-
sible necessity of being subservient to the correct omits ids of
their masters, and that he was to explain to then) t it the t were
not to expect that he should prosecute every frivolous barg which
they might be inclined to prefer against the proprte...s. He
( Sir. W. Horton) said that he was justified in asserting, that the
protection claimed by the Honourable Gentleman (Mr. W. Smith)
was given to the slaves. The system which that Honourable
Gentleman desired to have exercised cur the benefit of the slaves
was then in actual operation at Den) and on the eve of being
introduced into Berbice. He thought it would be much better
that the system should be allowed to proceed until it had a fair
trial. The continual introduction of the subject to the notice of
I the House appeared to him to be imprudent. as it created a fer-
ment in those places where excitement should be allayed, and not
promoted. He deprecated the mode which had been adopted in
this respect, for if there was any cause of specific charge, it ought
to be made the subject of a distinct proceeding, and not to be
brought forward in such an incidental way as had been adopted
on the present anti other occasions, where the topic was altogether
foreign Ron) what could have been expected from the nature of
the notice. The Honourable Gentleman had insisted on the ne-
cessity which existed for preventing all the subordinate officers in
the Colonies from being in possession of slaves. He ( Mr. W.
Horton) saw no objection to the application of the principle to the
Chief Justice and theAttorney-General. Butwhen the system was re.
duced to the subordinate departnients,he thought it would be produc-
tive of injury to make the possessor of slaves appear a mark of degra.
dation. Ile was the last person that would interfere with the property
of individuals, and would be sorry that the mortgagees should be in.
jured by any proceedings adopted by the House. It was acknow.
lodged, by the enactments of the year l82:1, that the planters pos-
nested a property in the labour of the slaves, and that it should not
be trespassed on. But that was a point foreign from the present
question, and he should therefore quit it. The Hon. Gentleman
said that the Colonies of Demerara and Berbice had signalised
themselves by resistance to the Orders in Council. He could assert,
however, that the Orders in Council had been well received in those
islands, and that they had taken example by what had beer, prac-
tised in Trinidad. But (said the Honourable Gentleman) delay
was necessary in order to see the result of the experiment, and
how far the operation of the Dutch law in Trinidad would apply
beneficially to the French customs of the Island of St. Lucie. He
felt great difficulty in adverting to what had been advanced about
the origin of the insurrection at Demerara, which had been ascribed
to the conduct of the Colonists, while he recollected, in the discus-
sions which ensued on the subject at the time, it was attributed to
a different source. On that point he thought the authority of Sir
Benjamin Dunbar might be quoted. The Hon. Gentleman then
read a letter from Sir Benjamin, in which he ststs,l that the slaves
rose for the purpose of obtaining their rights. wf ich 'ley supposed
had been granted to them by the English Parl emen ; but at the
period of writing the letter they had been u.s...used of their
error and had returned to their -duty. That letter was a proof
that the insurrection was not provoked by these local causes
to which the Honourable Member imputed its existence.
! The House was rather unlucky in not having before it the explana.
tiun of the Fiscal of Berbice, which he (Mr. W. Morton) hoped :o
have an oppmtunity of laying on the table. The statements of the
Fiscal, as they now appeared, were disgraceful to that officer, and
most unaatisfactery to the House. He concurred with the lion.
Member in the propriety of not entering into the details of that
statement. There was one case on which the Hon. Gentleman
seemed today peculiar stress, but in that particular instance it ap-
peared that the slave, Felix, had neglected his work, and fearing
punishment tor this neglect, had gone the next day to the Fiscal.
On this case it clearly appeared that there was not sufficient expla-
nation before the House to bring lion. Members to the decision of
the question whether justice had been done to the parties. lion.
Members were aware, however, that the Government was pledged
that whatever misconduct had taken place it should not occur again.
All parties, he believed, were agreed that nothing was more likely
to produce good effects than that practical kind of legislation which
had been resorted to, The Hon. Member had stated that there
was a peculiar mortality amongst the slaves employed in the culti-
vation of sugar in the Island of Anguilla. This was no argument
against the employment of slaves, Tor every one was aware, that in
all countries there were some employnients more injurious than
others to the health of man. In this country, for instance, there
were the collieries, where those employed were subject to fire-
damp, and the mortality was infinitely greater than in other em-
ployments. This argument, he repeated, proved nothing against
slavery. The Hon. :Member had called upon him (Mr. W. Hor-
ton) in a manner which required a few observations in reply.
The Honourable Gentleman said, that petitions were laid upon the
table, tilled with accounts of the uniform ill.treatment of the slaves,
and the cruelty of their masters, and he called opal' him (31r. W.
Horton). to say whether ,he information which he derived from his
official 'situation confirmed or contradicted the 'statements made io
those petitions. In reply to this call lie (Mr. Horton) would say,
that he believed cruelty was perpetrated occasionally ; indeed there
was r o country free from occasional acts of oppression ; and it could
not be expected that the only exception should be found in coun-
tries where the relation of master and slave existed. (Hear.) lint
win's: lie stared his opinion on this point, he had no hesitation in
adding, that nutty of the an. .menus laid before the House on this
subject were greatly exaggv.ated, mind in some instances, altoge-
ther unfounded. But I ,iis did not bear in any degree on the ques-
tion of slavery, which must be considered on its own merits. It
was unfair, however, thus to press opinions which could not be
maintained, for the purpose of working upon Government to go
beyond the Resolutions of Parliants nt. By these tesolutionis (So.
vernment was bound ; and if anyttnng was done contrary to their
spirit, Gentleman had a right to come down to that House and
complain of the cooduct of Government ; but if the Resolutions
were carried into effect, there was no just ground for complaint.
(Hear. hear.) He was unwilling to oppose the Honourable
Member's motion, because he concurred in a part of the Re-
solution ; but he would submit to the Honourable Gentleman
the propriety of nut pressing his motion. Many of the proposi-
tions now recommended had been brought into effect, or were ac-
tually about to be brought into effect. lie could not go the whole
length of the lion. Gentleman's (Mr. Smith's) proposition, that
persona in authority should lie debarred from possessing any pro-
perty in dues; he thought there ought to be sonic limitation to
auch a proposition, and that subordinate persons should not be en-
tirely excluded from having any property in slaves. Not beir,g
able to give his assent to ail the lion. Gentleman's propositions,
for the reasons already stated, he should take the liberty of moving
the previous question.
Mr. C. If. ELLIS defended the conduct of the IVest India
planters, who were aware, lie said, that they were subject to the
control of •Parliament if they negl cted to treat their slaves with
lenity and Ihumanity. The possession of pitmen), in slaves, how.
ever, was sanctioned with every sanction the law could afihed. Par-
liament therefore had no right to destroy that property without
atihrtling the holders of it a fair and adequate compensation. Ile
(31r. R. Ellis) concurred with the Right Hon. Secretary for Fo-
reign Affairs (Mr. Canning) that the slave owners had no right to
demand compensation for any measures tnr the improvement of the
condition of their slaves, but that when the measures of Patfiament
injured their property, they had a eight to compensation. (Hear.)
The Colonist may perhaps entertain unreasonable apprehensions on
this point, but it was a matter (Whole surprise that they were anxious
for the assurance that if their apprehensions were well founded they
would Ito indemnified. There could be no harm in such an Assurance.
If the apprehensions of the Colonists were ill founded, nothing
would be lost, and if they were well founded, it would only be
granting to the Colonists that which was unqueistionahly their
right. His (Mr. Ellis) opinion was that the treatment of the
slaves in the Colonies was generally humane and kind. He did
not mean to say that there were not occasional instances of cruelty.
which scented inevitable in such a state of society. These occasional
Instances, however,• threw an odium over the whole body of the
Colonists. He believed that body was much calumniated. Whilst
be Rusted this opinion, he was as anxious as any Hon. Member
that every offence should meet with its due punislimert, and that
every caution should be taken to prevent the recurrence of atroci.

I ties. But it was impossible to read the complaint made bef
Fiscal of Berbice without disgust and horror. Before any
fers
wu drawn from the contents of the Fiscal's Report, it "was-
sary, however, to consider what proportion of the complant mecca,
well founded, and how the offenders 'were punished. lie woe
Ellis) had made an analysis of the Flours Report, d arl
that out of forty-three cases occurring in about thirteen 11,.
ofnd btehinegowthelerl
foeioodghodt 7mboptlsoiftit;nweerone
twenty-seven were judged altogether unfounded. ler fife months,
pewroarnang,cea
ing sixteen cases, in eight the parties were judged to
be all Ctst had
ibithe-dty"„
as-
certained that 200 were unfounded; and of the rtntaining 123, • ;,;
instances both parties were were wrong, and the reniaini :Ifi were well founded. This number had been mad.. to five yin
that it appeared About fourteen well-founded complaint. made
in a year. From thratatements made by Sir B. ditiurbanw:G,te
nor of Demerara,vit appeared that 18 complainta were mad mete
months, of which number 16 were unfounded, and :1 well founded -
Yet Sir 11. d'Urban was known to be well disposed to afford sub...
mini protection to the alive population under his Government.
information would enable the House to come to something
a just conclusion. In many instances the subject was
try like
roost unfairly. There was a pamphlet puhrehed composed of
tracts frontthe Report of the Fiscal of Beehive. and calculatednto.
convey an idea that the statements in that Report contained a no.
representation of the state of the slave population in the Colont;.'
Nothing could be more unjust than the inference drawn in that
pamphlet that redress was never given to the slaves when isey
complained against their masters or managers, but if that limn.
atinn was correct, the planter', ought not to be held responsible for
the mal.adminlatration of justice. (Hear hear.) lie Mr. Ellis)
did not himself' coincide with the justice of many duiefoo,
stated in the Fiscal's Report. lie thought Government shoakt
take care to provide persons to administer justice in the abaa:
who amid be depended upon. He was glad therefore to heas th: the gentlemen who went to act as protectors were to perform that
t duty without any other avocations. He was also pleased to
that those persons were to have no connexion with the Colonic,
and he hop d they would be equally unconrected with the Anti.
Slavery Society. He wished to see gentlemen of legal esperi
ente
and high character entrusted with the administration of justice la
the Colonies, because the judgments of stint permits would be re.
specter,, and wool) have the effect of silencing caviller.. He
theught there ought to be some reform in the Ctilonial Courts of
Chancery, in which the Governor*, who were often military non,
sat as Judges. Considering the importance of those Courts, he
thought it desirable that professional men should preside in them or at leaat that they should be present to assist the Judges, He
would be glad of any alteration which made it unnecessary for the planters to perform duties where their motives and conduct were
viewed with distrust. in conclusion, the Ilort. Gentleman ex.
pressed his dissent to the resolutions, and voted for the amendment.
Mr. R. MARTIN declared that no motive would induce him to
oppose the motion of his Hon. Friend (Mr. W. Smith), if se
could possibly persuade himself that it was calculated to effect any
Roo) ; but convinced as he was that the cause which his 31ajesty's
Government was now pursuing with respect to the Colonies was
the only one capable of producing any permanent benefit to the
slave population, he would recommend it to his Hon. Friend to
withdraw his Resolution, and leave the matter in the hands of his
Alajesty's Ministers. whose conduct had sufficiently evinced their
sincerity in the effort, they were making to ameliorate the condo.
two of the West India negro. If his Hon. Friend were even to
succeed In carrying the Resolution through the House, he (Mr. t;
R. 31.) did not think it would accomplish the pod intended by it;
on the contrary, he felt it would only be the protraction of those
evils which it was the object of every man to see removed. The
very agitation of the question, and the pressing the motion to a
division—let the result of that division be what it might would,
he in his conscience believed, tend more to encourage the refractory
Assemblages in the Colonies than any other step that could be
taken: he therefore again entreated his Hon. Friend not to parse.
vere in his motion.
Mr. DENMAN did not mean to occupy the House any length
of time; but he could not retrain, after the observations that had
been made on the other (fillitleterial) side of the House, declaring
his opinion that the motion of his Honourable Friend was one its
every way deserving of the immediate attention of Parliament. ore
did he think that the reason which had just been given by the Hon.
Gentleman who had last spoken would induce his )fun. Friend to
withdraw it. lie could not, conceiving that the carrying of this
questiosi would induce the Colonial Legislatures to evince a firmer
determination of resistance to the recommendations of. Government,
or that they could be in a better condition to do so than they were
at present. With regard to the terms of the motion he did cot
think there could be the least objection. Not one observation
had fallen from the Honourable Gentleman (Mr. It. Ellis)
which could be considered as a reason why this motion should
not be adopted. On the contrary, it was exactly in conformity
with the resolutions already putted by Parliament expressive el ;
the necessity of the amelioration of the condition of the slave,
and of the necessity of more decisive measures to be taken m I
the part of the Colonists than they had at present, and there'll '
question was, in what terms that could best be done, and in
what language conveyed, so as to make the colonial legislatures
feel that unless they proceeded to do something, tire Imperial
Parliament would not be deterred teem carrying the necessary
reformations into effect and that speedily, R ith respect to the
pamphlet on which the Hon. Member (Mr. R. Ellis) had corn-
' mended in no very favourable terms, he (Mr. Denman)
would say that there never was a document laid before the
public, more entitled to respect and confidence then that
pamphlet. There was no fact mated but what wu horns
out by authority, and for which that authority was vouched.
However strong, therefore, the observations might be that I
were made upon those facts, the source from whence they
were taken was mentioned, to which the reader might re-
ler, and form Iris own opinion. It was impossible for any style
of argument to be more fair and candid than was pursued in that
pamphlet, where the authority was always placed by the side of
the facts. It was therefore only justice to claim for it the fullest
degree of confidence, accompanied as it was with documents and
proofs, to substantiate all the statements it contained. With re-
gard to the animadversions which had been made as to the right
of one pet of individuals over the lives and liberties of another,
he would not now reply to. Whatever that right originally night
he, it was not meant to be contended that the Colonists ought to
he deprived of a property which had been sanctioned by the laws.
The resolution of this House passed in 1823 recognised the right
of the planters to compensation, in case their property in slaves
should be destroyed. But though that right was adnotted, yet it
was equally necessary that Parliament should ascertain eh.:
in truth was the situation of die Colonies ; and when they found
them in the most unsettled state, overwhelmed with diver.
tent, what cause was it possible to assign for all this, but that
right which was claimed and exercised there by one set of human
I beings over the per.ons and lives of thousands of others. The ad.
vocates of the abolition of slavery were constantly challenged to
produce facts to justify their denunciations of the system owned
towards the slaves ; but no sooner were facts produced than their
opponents turned round. and declared that they were immaterial to
the question, and that however such instances of cruelty might
have formally occurred, nothing of the kind existed now. The pre.
I sent tense scented to be entirely struck out of the verb in the gram-
; mar of planters.; and now the lion. Gentleman (Mr. R. Ellis)
' wished to strike out the future as well as the present, and only to
ler ve the so much forgotten past. The Honourable and beamed
llerttleman then proceeded to recount the various instances of recent
acts of arbitrary power exercised by the muter over the slaves, as
set forth in the different reports laid before Parliament, and
twrtt-
cularly dwelt upon the cruelty of branding with a red hot iron for
desertion, and other offences less critnival, which he designami as
acts of wanton cruelty, anti yet they were not made illegal.
Mr. C. R. ELLIS—Yes, yes. It falls under the Act against
cruelty.
Mr. DENMAN—But that a wanton infliction of cruelty might
take place through the medium of the branding mark could not be
denied. The Hon. and Learned Gentleman, in conclusion, Sakai
what possible objection could be made to the present motion ?
persona
; only stated that there had been at all times some official
death.
appointed for the protection of saves, and yet they were !*alEr_.
I quate to that purpose. Was that a fact or not ? Did not the pa
pers which had been laid beture the House disclose as moth? ‘ll.
it possible, then, that anymrgument could be more legitimate than
that adduced by his Bottourable Friend (Mr. J. Smith) namely,
that all persons appointed to such situations should bern,m,
capable of pt•ssessing any property in slavrs ? every mewl
capable of feeling or of thinking correctly, the instanwere
of cruelty recorded in the papers before the House
very
moderate to excite the most pintail emotions; and !le e
moderate tone in which the lion. Gentleman (Mr. L spoke •
of' those thit gs, was a striking instance of the effect which a tam.
_
liaritv with scenes to appalling produced on minds otheew.lge r_
ceptible of the best iinpreentons. The motion did nothing
than waist the House and country had been doing for several )'cats
"
past ; that it nought was to prevent those persons who were
er_
i
ap-
pointed to offices in the Colonies from being interested n.thon
thera
perty of slaves; and yet this was construed into an attack
Government.
Mr. W. HORTON wished to put the lion. and Learned
uniGen-
tleman right as to what he (Mr. Horton) had amid. The "4 tied
which he had urged went to his--that as all that was reromlneene,ote
by the motion bad been done by the Government, it was tb
unnecessary to enter into the discussion of the subject.
I Mr. DENMAN had certainly not understeet that so hare been
r into
the case. It' indeed it were 5.0, it was not necessary to enter
this discussion, and they had been occupied for two hours
hear, and a laugh) to no purpose. But if Government had.be:
fit to adopt this course, he thought there could be no if !en 10
its being made a resolution of this House. Ile there
ed
Ministers would not oppose the motion ; to vote for it could
which
any disgrace to them, as It only went to support that they
had already acted upon; whereas, if It were to be rejected,
would expose Parliament to much misconstruction.
Mn, C. R. ELLIS explained. The expression he harfuora when
remarking upon the cases reported in she papers before the
Roast
was, that he had not been able to read them without tee!
ngs of
horror and disgust. The expression that they were oot coesnt ;"0
whic
with his feeling, applied to the sentence of the officer,
and ,:h
he
the nature of the complaints. The case of Branding, to ,
had referred, was ohs where conviction and punishment
.hod
lowed, and not that to which the
lion, and Learned Member (car'
Denman) hail alluded.
where Mr. DEN)! A N said the case of branding was also one
followed con-
viction hind emoted. It was where that conviction had
ootire
accidental detection by means of a person looking t tins he
window, and witnessing the cruelty of the master upon "
male slave.

Mr. W. II()RTON explained.
Mr. A. BARIN(i said the simple question for the !louse to
consider was. whether the Executive 14overnment was the Von
department fur manogiog the Colonies or not. uctioubte(lly,

them was any thine wrong in the course prim proceedings, if it fell ,
tar short ot ohm it should do. it would then be the duty of this
}louse to interfere ; ut i thre ws none of thee things to con. j
plain of, then he thoubghtt it woulde a
not only be rimproper, buto ex.
tweet, dangerous, that this House should without any argu- ;
-,,tent interfere by the present resolution in opposition to
the Government. lie said in npnosition, because, inasmuch
at it did Pot originate with Government, it was an in.
which must tend to do harm ; as was shown by
the example of the great Colony of Demerara itself, where the
danger of intnelueine conflicting authorities had before been mani-
("me Nobody could doubt that the state hush of that Colony and
se Essequibo could not possibly be worse than it had been, is conse-
quence of each agitations. Ili. Honourable Friend (Mr. J. W.
Smith) admitted shot it would be most dangerous to call for imme-
diate emancipation. If this were so then, why was the prevent motion
7 ode it Del he wed' to go faster than the °overwrite t who were seek-
ing
the same object ? if not. then nothing C,ltild he mote injurious
that the present colirse: for the dissemination of Parliamentary n
i Re-
pints the Cohmitee which induced an opinion that Parliament
miss i
was in hooility with the Colonial Authorities, mum tend to do
chief. So sooner were the minds of the population of the Colonies
tnnquilmed by the communications of the (lovernors, than gentle-
their finding that such • state of improvement wan not suited to
the expectations and views, than they set about giving the
slam population a notion that there were a free people and •
Poliameat behind, who were desirous for their complete emanci-
pation. Glyn, hear, hear.) In the whole course of the pro.
ceedines of the .enti.Slavery Society, there was that which, if
he had not a knowledge o 5 the characters that belonged to it. and
for whom, individually. he entertained a high respect, to him it
wa totally ineomprehensible, and which appeared to him calculated
on y t produce the greatest agitation and mischief. ( Hear, hear.)
What did they see? Almost on the first day of the Session his
Honourable and learned Fliend near him (Mr. Brougham) had
entered into the book a notice of a motion respecting the condition
of the slaves which hail been from day to day put off; and then.
incidentally as it were, rime the notice of his Honourable Friend
Mr. W. Smith) about Demerara and Warier, while the Member
foe Weymouth had given another notice on the same subject.
All tit's was evidently for the purpose of keeping up a state of
feverish excitement in the public mind. To him this course
was totally unaccountable, and irreconcilable with any possible
Derive that he could suppose t because those lion. Gentlemen
admitted that they did not think immediate emancipation was pram
ticable. If they did not, what possible object could they have in
thus agitating both the Colonies and this country. lie could not
but approve of the course which had been taken by the Govern-
ment. and thought it perfectly consistent with the resolutions of
the house, and the explanations he had given showed that Govern.
mend had no desire of shunning the execution of them. The ague-
thon of this question had already been the occasion of much dig.
turbance both in the Colony of Demerara and th.o of Jamaica.
The evidence adduced before the House of the proceedings in
the latter Cohn', showed that man after man that was brought
up to the bar, had acted upon the conception Domed of the
diffoence that existed between the feeling of the Parliament of
England and the authorities in that Colony; and that there was
a telling in favour of the slaves, on the part of the Iregiela-
hee, opposed to that of the Colonial Authorities. He was quite
wire the mr-satires proposed to be adopted by Government. would
in tine bring about a state of freedom, when the minds of the
people, were in a capacity to receive it. It the House were to
soonet to co faster than this, they would only be bringing upon the
pose slaves every possible mischief. With regard to the teviniony
(tribe rue' condition rat the slaves in the Colonies, those gentle.
men who so warmly advocated their cause would not accept the
testimony of any except throe who were favourable to emancipation.
He admitted that the Methodist Missionaries were a body of men
in every respect deserving the highest respeet. Toey were the most
unexceptienible ii their conduct, and had done more towards the
rlvilizatiron of the negroes by the introduction of moral and Christian
feelings than all the other persons who had enlisted in the Colonies.
But what was the testimony of those missionaries with regard to sla-
very? In Jamaica the Missionaries, concurring in opinion, had
ton e to a resolution that there was nothing in the state of slavery.
as authorised in Jamaica. that was at all repugnant to Christianity.
This resolution was sent home. but the persons to whom it was
sent. affecting to know more of this matter than those who were on
the met, gave the missionaries a rap on the knuckles, and told
them that they knew nothing about the question, and that the state
of slavery. in Jamaica. was totally repugnant to Christianity. He
confessed he should prefer the testimony of the Olissionaries to that
of persona who lived in London. Upon the whole, he felt perfectly
convinced that, if the country had the good sense to be satisfied
with that steady course which the Government was pursuing, they
would arrive matey many years sooner to the end they all sought,
than if they trusted to the rash, hasty, and inconsiderate goading
which some near hint wished to pursue. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. BR(B.'011A:11 said he certainly could not sit silent after
the very gems misrepresentations that had been made by his lion.
Friend who had just addressed thent,—made undoubtedly through
the mast entire miaopreheirsion : a misapprehension greater than
ever yet he had hewed in the emus, of the discussion of this ques-
tion, both as ?eructed the conduct of the Members of that
iliMat, and also as regarded the conduct of persons who were not
of that House, but were members of the Society against ,Slavery.
He would at once address himself to the charge against the Anti.
Slavery Society, because his Honourable Friend (Mr. Barieg) had
chanted that Association with agitating this country upon the
question of Slavery. and with being the whole cause of that feeling
and excitement which he said, must, and which he (11r. Brougham)
✓ejoiced. did anti would exist in this country iron that subj. m,
(hear, hear). and exist it woold, undoubtedly, until it had produced
its ellict, not only upon that House. but upon the conduit of Go-
vernment; no misrepresentations had gone forth: no appeals had
been made; but facts had been stated, and those facts were only
what had been disclosed by the colonists themselves, and upon
which the feelings and reason of the people of this country had
been unanimously roused. He had never observed the anti-slavery
associations advocating immediate entancipatiuo ; nor did the
nest ardent friend of the Negroes, or the most vehement
eremy of slavery, recommend it in argument, suggest it by
way of advice, or olectahn upon it in the course of his speech.
111th respect to the charge that had been made upon him, of not
following up the motion of which he had given notice, the reason
was, that the Honourable Member had stated to the !loose whet
he believed to be true, what was generally believed to be
true. anti what indeed at the time had all the appeernnce of
tu h. He was bound to believe that ro teething had been Ilene
when in point of fact to-thing had been done. lie did not hesitate
to acknowledge that subsequent information proved that he was
*long in pmenoning his motion. The House and the country as
well as hin self, had been deceived, and he was fully prepared ta
say that such was the case. He had given notice of a motion for
that night respecting the Colman; bet he would bring it forward
on the 1 ith of 'May if the frail tenure of Parliament gave him the
opportunity; hut if he Amid receive any intimation that it could
not come on that day. he sould select a Wednesday when there
would be an opportunity of having a discussion upon it, and he
could see nothing to prevent his bringing it forward.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said that the view which he should
take of the subject was confined within such narrow grounds as
would not make it necessary for him to teepees at any length upon
the patience of the House. If it had been thought necessary to
arraign the conduct of the Government for unnecessary interference
tiptoe the one hind, or to stimulate them to greater efforts on the
other. his task would be entirely different, and he believed that
Government were not fairly liable to either imputation; but the
singularity of the proceedings of which the present motion
wed a part, rendered It reemeary for him to state shortly hie
euteion of those proceediegs, and of the principles which
they involved. It had been said that the motion was not brought
forward in accusation, but in support of the Governmezt. He
would teak Mom Gentlemen who made the assertion, whether the
motion weed answer the purpose for which it was avowedly in.
tended ? (Hear, hear.) No person could deny that the question
ot colonial slavery was one of considerable difficulty and embsr-
easement. It was not to be decided by individual opinion ; it was
to be decided by the solemn voice of Parliament, and it so happentel
that the Government. of which he wan the organ at the time,
did in the year 180 propose means for the amelioration tof the
olives, which met with the unanimous support of that blouse and
of the country, and it was by the judgment of the House and of
the country that he wished to have the conduct of Govern.
meat estimated, and ant in reference to individual opiMon.
It was by that standard that he wished to hare the question
derided, whether Government were endeavouring sincerely
to kite effect to the resolutions of Parliament. With respect
to the proposition before the House, he had no hesitation in
saying that it was not a fit one to be adopted. That which
was not fair anti judicious, and which only tended to Intercept the
course pointed out by experience. could not meet the approbation
of Parliament. When it was sold that the resolution before the
aTete. and that the public meetings on the subject of slavery, were
I intended to 'mown Government, he must be allowed to say
that Government dui not require their aid. ( Hear, hear.) It was
moat inconvenient. The obstacles which Government had to en-
counter were on the one band an enthusiasm, which, landed as it
might be, was most emba log: and on the other hand an ob-
stinate resistance on the part of the Colonial Legislature/1. The
tat
was that Government aimed at ton much in attempting to re.
coneile those whose interests were affected, and to gratify those
who were led oil by an enthusiastic desire to effect the abolition of
slet"' but it had been said by the latter that inetances of cruelty
could not be denied: these instances of cruelty might be fairly ad.
dump if there was any Intentfon of continuing the present system.but
why bring them forward, when they could have no effect but to
anomie the angry passions of those who considered themselves des-
tined
to be the victims of every
Government to control that
change p It was the business of
enthusiasm, which, if indulged.
must had to mischievous coesequesces. He coneideyed the present
motion only calculaterl to aggravate the evils which it was Intended
to remedy, and for that reason he would move the previous foes- I
t ion. He would state to the Houle what was the intention of Go.
'eminent, and be believed, in doing an, he would have to state
what would be unpalatable to both partici.
his opinion, thst, woiold state it, as
CT or later, the object of Parliament and of
the country would be carried into effect; and he had no doubt but
hat object would be attained without any danger to the interests of
the West India proprietors. He had therefore no hesitationin
'tying that the Order, in Couecil contained what Government
thought a fit system to be adopted with regard to Colonial Slavery.
(('heers.)
Mr. SMITH explained, and the motion was negatived without
a %height:l.

CRUELTY TO DOGS.
Mr. R. MARTIN moved for leave to bring in a Bill to prevent
*l4 cruet treorneilt of ,log..
fir MATTHEW W. RIDLEY thought that arc object of the

DRURY-LANE THEATRE.

This Evening, FRIDAY, April 21, will he performed the Historical Play of
WILLIAM TELL.
William Tall, Mr. Macready ; Albert, Miss Vincent; Michael, Mr.
Wallach. Emma, Mrs. Runty.
After which the new Grand Romantic Fairy Tale of
OBERON • or, THE CHARMED HORN.

The principal Chuscters by Mews. 0. Smith, Bennett, Browne. I'.
Blanchard, Pope, Howell, Mercer, Young', W. Bennett. and G. Smith;
Ml.s Smithson, Vincent, and Macdonald; and Mrs. Harlowe.

COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.
This Evening, FRIDAY, April 21, will be performed the Grand
Romantic and Fairy Opera of
OBERON • or, THE E LF-K IMPS OATH.

ne Overture and the whohjot t.ll flask composed by Carl Marla You

ll'eber.

Tha principal Characters by id;;r4. Brabant. Cooper, Dnruatt, C.
Bland, .1. Isaac*, and 'finney ; bligse‘ Pawn, Lacy, and H. Caws.;
iadriar Veatri., and Mn. l'arenport.
_ . _

which will Le iLided the Melo-Drama of
TUE MAGPIE, Olt THE MAIL)/

Gerald, Mr. F..rertola , Henry, 31r. Damsel ; Justice, Mr. Blanchard;
Benjamin, Mr. Kirk, . lii.l.lln. Mr. Keeley. Mr.. Gerald, Mr.. Daven-
port y Annette, Mrs. Chatterley.

SADLER'S WELLS.

Ilds Evening, FRIDAY, April 21, Fill be performed s Derr Local Sketch,
called
CHENEELAH ;
Or, THE DEATH OP THE ELEPHANT AT EXETER CHANGE.
. .

After which the Melo.llratnatlc Romance of
EMMILINE OP HUNGARY.
Emntiline, Mr.. Fitswidiam.
To which will be added the Comic Barletta of
ALL HER OWN WAY.

Henry, Dlr. Foster; Trot, Mr. William ; fanny, Mrs. Inlaid Wain.
To eonelnde with the Pantomime of
HOT AND CULL, $ or, HARLEQUIN SNOW-BALL.
Clown, hi r.. 1.

Tb. BRIT Int PlzeiiOagn—eiverd piiiiiehisg yesterday TOM-
log at fin o'clock.

LONDON, FRIDAY, Aran. el, 1821.

The discussion in the French Chamber of Deputies on
the law relative to the custurn-house regulations is now
approaching to a close. The principal subject of interest
in the sitting of the 17th April was the additional article
to the following effect: -" French vessels returnin; from
the ports of the United Kingdom of England and Ireland,
and its European possessions, shall continue to pay, on en-
tering ports in France, a duty, not exceeding that levied on
all foreign vessels, u fixed by the Ordonnance of the Bth
Feb. 1826, issued in order to carry into effect the conven-
tion signed and concluded on the 26th Jan. by the French
Govcrntne•nt and that of his Britannic Majesty."
The following are extracts from the French papers last
received.

[From the Erb;le, dated Wednesday, 19th Aprll.l

PARIS, APRIL 18.

Letters from Rome say that the English navel force is the Me.
dlterrtnean is considerably augmented, and that the greeter pot of
it is stationed near the Dardanelles.

Official despatches from (len. Yermaltiff, commanding the troops
in Cauca:dm, state that on 7th Feb. he issued from the fort of Grua-
noy to attack the insurgent tribes of the mountains. On the 10th
the enemy appeared in considerable numbers, and seemed ready to
make an obstinate resistance. He at length had a smart engage-
ment near the village of Tseltachkeri, with the Tschetschenses,
about 3,000 in number, who were entirely defeated, and had 200
killed and many wounded. (In the 211th General Yermaloff at-
tacked them vigorously in the wood of Hollinaki, routed them, and
pursued them ten wersts, with Mil cossacks. On the sth March
the General returned to the fortress of Grosnoy, whence the tires of
the Tachetschenses were aeon only on the remotest summits of
Caucasus. _ _

The news of the taking of 3lissulonghi was spread at Constan.
tinople on the 3001 or March.
The Ureek Coineuitte%: at Genera has published an account of

the application of the funds produced by the first aubstrip''..`o.
which amounted to 49,000 francs : 29,000 have itetm employed in
military equipments, and 15.009 for supplying 3lissulonghi.
FIitEXCH FITT4MI.-PARIS. APRIL IO —Five per Cents., We.
Three per Cents.. ti4l. VOc.; Fonr and a Half per I:ents,,
90c.; Bank Sick, 2.11:illf. 2.111501. ; Hemet de Nap' .11, 741. M.;
Spanish Loan, 44t. : Utopian Lean. 764 E—Exchange on London,
one month, 2M. frOc.; Three ditto, 201.30c.—Cuairs /lathenrignc.

By the T)utch Papers which we received last night, it Is
still more evident that the power of the King of the
NkTIIERLANDS is still farther shaken in Java, Cel •bes,
and Banes. His General and his troops seem to have ma le
no real progress in suppressing the rebellion in those
islands, which will doubtless spread to the Moluccas, and
indeed all the islands in the Indian seas where the Dutch
have settlements. History has not been silent as to the
conduct of the Dutch (since the commencement of their
foreign colonization) towards the unfortunate Aborigines
of the countries in which they have obtained settlements;
and we have reason to know that the inhabitants of Java,
Amboyna, and other spice islands, which fell into our power
during the late war, felt the difference between the mildness
of our paternal rule, and the harsh domination of the
Hollanders, so strongly, that they bitterly deplored their
restoration to the latter after the general pacification.

The petition presented last night from " The MER-
CHANTS TRADING from LONDON TO THE BRITISH WEST
INDIA COLONIES, AND OTHERS Folding mat tgages and
OTHER SECURITIES UPON slaves and lands in the said
LONIEE," is not only drawn up with great truth and teen-
per, but contains an appeal to the equity of Parliament
which the sturdiest abolitionist will fins it difficult to with-
stand. Those who take up the high ground of hUmanity
on any question, have always a great advantage over those
who argue from the maxims of general justice and the
principles of local expediency. The truth is, that real huma-
nity will never be found at variance with these maxims, or
with these principles. It is the "zeal without knowledge"—
the riftrit vanity of selfishness and secturianism—the mock-
heroic of benevolence—whieh chalks out a path•of its own
in the nailky-way of popularity; it is these that the sound
and cool-headed politician has to contend with; but it is
vain to place your trust in common sense, in a combat
with party spirit. The plantation Negroes have their
social comforts as much attended to, and their ani-
mal wants as amply supplied, as if they supported
themselves by the earnings of their free labour :
they are as well clothed, as well fed, and as well
lodged, as the majority of the hard-working classes, who
live by the earnings of their daily toil, whether in this er
in any other country. But their lot here and elsewhLre
takes the name of servitude ; in the West Indies it is
branded with the term slavery; and this without reference
to their actual condition, and the mild and meliorated
treatment which the progressive improvement of that con-
dition brings along with it. The following passage of the
Petition contains the best refutation of that sentimental
sophistry in which Mr. STEPHEN and his disciples wrap
up those lamentations over the suffering Negro, which
make our flesh creep:—
" That your petitioners, by means of their constant intercourse
with the Colonies, arc enabled confidently to assert, that there pre-
vails throughout the proprietors thereof a liberal and constant at-
tention to the wants and comforts of the slave population, which is
evinced by a plentiful supply (even in times when the returns may
be inadequate to the cost) of such articles as will contribute to
their well-being, and this resulting, as well from considerations of
humanity, as from the known and acknowledged fact, that upon
the effective strength, comfort, and contentment of the labouring
population attached to it, essentially depends the value of any
West India plantation."

But all this is kept out of view, and we, in this coun-
try, have been made to swallow so many provocatives to
our sympathy, that we never figure the sable labourers of
the West Indies to our imagination, but we behold them
writhing under the lash of their drivers, and cooling their
hot footsteps in the moisture of their own blood ! And
this we have been taught to consider as the usual economy
of every West India plantation! But these tales of fiction
are losing their influence : they give way by degrees to the
prevalence of fact.

Parliament has manifested the most anxious desire to
expedite to the black population of the Alrest Indies all
the tuleantages which can be obtained by their enfranchise-
ment. But as to the mode in which the final accomplish-
ment of this most desirable result is to be forwarded, it
must necessarily be left to the policy and wisdom of the
Colonial Legislatures. The danger to be apprehended
from insurrections can only be estimated on the spot. It
may be that a law, in itself extremely wise and well-
intended, may be found to hazard incalculable mischiefs in
its application. The temper of the times on all such oc-
casions must be watched, or we may sow the seeds of
emancipation in a spirit of mildness and conciliation, but
reap them in a harvest of blood.

CITY, TnUIIIDAT EVENING.

Another very uninteresting day has passed on the Stock
Exchanges. The business in the British Funds was very
limited, and the only feature in them was the amendment
of the new Scrip, which was to-day done at ;j. Consols
in the course of the morning reached 79ii, and closed at
6s. An eminent broker bought largely at Exchequer
Bills and India Bonds remained at yesterday's quotation.
There was some briskness in South American Stocks. Pe-
ruvian has gradually advanced since the explanations
respecting the non-payment of the dividend. It was 28
to 29. Colombian advanced to 434, and left off at 425.
Mexican 6 per Cents. were 64 36 ; Chilian Bonds were 4t;
and Brazil ditto 66. In Russian Stock we heard of no
transaction. Greek I4li ; and Spanish 91 9. Shallot
were unsaleable, except at ruinous prices ; even the most
favourite Mining Shares were at a great discount. The
Anglo Mexican, on which so/. per Share has been paid, is
at SOL discount. The United Mexican, on which 201. is
paid, is W. discount. The quotations of the others were
nearly all nominal, as few sales could be completed.

Letters from Madrid state, that the person appointed
to adjust the English claims with the Spanish Commis-
sioners, is about quitting Madrid for London, without any
arrangement as to the claims. Great fears appear to be
entertained in the Spanish capital as to Cuba; levies of
me►, continue to be ordered by the Governmet, but there is
no money to carry any expedition into effect. The Eng-
lish merchants, who have obtained the exclusive privilege
of introducing cotton goods into Spain, have paid for the
grant four millions of reels, which appears to have relieved
the immediate wants of the Court.

The latest letters from Lima state that the Mint had
been contracted for by a London Company. The terms
had not generally transpired. It was suppoaed it would be
constituted into a Stock Company. From the alte-
ration in commercial affairs here, the plan is not likely, we
presume, to be evried into effect. Bills have, however,
been drawn for the purchase.
Front the Agent to Lloyd's at Gibraltar, dated March
30 :—" It is reported that a large Colombian brig is cruis-
ing at the mouth of Cadiz Bay. A considerable force is
stated from the Flavannah to be fitting out at Carthagena,
to attack thatisland ; it consists of two line-of-hattle ships,
several frigates, besides other vessels ; and great apprehen-
sions were entertained in the island of its falling, from the
strong party in it favourable to independence."
