Inginii ledto Biolgaria, in consequence of the
lowers in•ruqed to huu, have nut been exc.
3" flow V• ni e. of Oc'ober G h, ;name. is
nusiorvms• co.p• of (irre.•, cioller"94 m 'die
1115 of `muesli'..), has 'wort rand,. into Thassaly,
'enacts Chnoti.t.,.od Rocha to Operate in hip
1 he again advani•e• towards I.lv *dip.
ot.TOBCR 14.
letter final or September 30, vo-
wels that the Ths.sioni Moui.ter is arrived in float
\nil that he lies mired the pothoce of C .4',
und it nut worthy alms Sovereign. All floe
Du enure is d•siineil for the suite of tloi4
.ch. The greater pert of the loeuse S.gra
iv destined for the Court of the Viceroy of
and for the Chancellors. The Polissatis Mon:.
irrived, and regard. Ike house Fricosioro as ton
for him. The llertil.tary Prince of A ipitria will
come to Verona, soil will occupy the !oblate
ti, which he loss hired for five thousand franc..
• Leopold of Naples, with his wife, are also
(here, as well as the Duke of Culabois. The
:r of Ambassadors Cardillo'
, and two Nuncios of the Pope, live at the Epia„,
Palace. The King of Prussia has two Princes
The Emperor of Austria has sent gold
I to Venice, to be coined too double *triton's.
canker Pospadolitaa rem rived from lain a-boll
!Image For Four asillirso,s franca. The horses .4
fig of Naples are arrived. They are very
itue.—f lumber g Gazette.)

BAYONNE PAPEItS.

BAYONNE, OCTODVIII 15.

'operation's of the Army of the Faith an the froottsr pen.
of SpaO have had 'hos far the reroli that might have
tpectsd from Ilse ill.eoneeited oseasons of use Com-
et Bayonne, and especially from the want of attention
as lest Fermis and Colossi Ahreu to the sitssatioss or the
who were at the head of the intorrectioa in Biscay
tonne, the inhabitants of which would certainly have
off the yoke if assitilsore had bete gives to 'the basil.
binder the excesses which they have mosamitted or
thitants and as travellers. Zabel.' tots repeatedly stied
ice, but every thing has been vs fused bids, and he was
his resources is the county to arm and support
Ironies, whose progress had so alormed their adire.-
that they had resolved to shot themselves •p in
'tunes. The Royalists were mattes, of ahnost Ile
if the interior, and of the coos% from St. S. has.
Bilboa. The B ways. youth, to avoid the con-
,a ordsred Its the Cortes, crowded to the banners
Faith, and ii lea than a fortaight Ztbala bad
bemired men, witch, greatly istreiwed his warts,
ge Barnum Coos oittee being deaf to his applt.
he was firma tole ,yconteibutions on the inbabits,ra,
ita) themselves deceived is their hopes, were ,glad
arrival of some reisfuresneents to the Constituelosal
to dente, tbala from the seoarge to which they were
I, mid it km lb to another &Haight the band of Zabel'
its dispersed, and the remains of it have suited is
had coodstion at Baywasse and Iraq, sod the C.oottiiii-
troops are now masters of the whole country, esperi-
the covet. The inhabitants are still averse to the

Akio.
°lame has happened is Navarre, where the Royalists
tutees before the depart*, of Qiiesaila. The success
bra apu,st Eapisusa WO the 3d is coalirmed, as well as
ihsequeat total defeat of the Royalists on die 4th, sth,
1111, sad Sth.
reral FAIIII• gave a dinner yesterday, in honour of the
lay of the Kiug of Spain, to 30. f his chief agents.
each Writer was present, as has been fishily asserted.
•cuweir from &reggae of the Sib show that theie is no
lin the report of a virtoey gained by Miss on the 3d
Bergs, and prove that he was out sit neat to Urge' as
uped.
TOMS certain that nothing derisive haa.happened Is ea-
, Lot that, however, lbw intateeclien is suppressed is
riaee of Darcettinia. Lodes, who has 7,000 Baird
ct Frensp, ha, tried every thing to induce Zaeco del
to ratan& himself in the latteeessible winontailms
Talirrenea was kilkd, but without success. Zarcu del
raw es the 3th at Illestania with 6,000 nen: Our (ibe
stiesal) dray cantata advance without reiefurcetnewis.
is have Wes received "to-day at Bayonne from St.
tad de Port, which say that neady aoldiers of the Artily
Faith have arrived at Iraty. Repents have since been
that the Army or the Fawn has been totally defeated,
it die fort was abandenaell yesterday nothing ; that
be guerilla eonesnaadets, Dalmatia, bad gone, with
v. to Guipusros, sod that the Army of the Faith in
• a quite broken up. Ii is certain that the Coosti•
I (loops in fume were, on the Itth, in the forest of
and dirt Berratiu has, in fact, passed 'tutu Goiporcos,
pone the cffaisive. • _ _ _

said doss au express front 114drid has brought news
test of Pawl)ley, Maniocs Jr la Husa, sod another

DUTCH MAIL.

HAGUE, OCTOart 23.
lionbargh Correspondent of the 18th Oc.
contains the following article, dated front
October 9 :
week Don Curneros, the Spanish Charge
ires at this Court, whose conduct has gained
tie approbation even of those members of die
somatic Body who etc otherwise not favourably
'wed towards the present system in Spain, re-
` dispatches by a courier from Madrid, after
he obtained a conference of Prince Metterr-
Afte► the arrival of the Duke of Welling-
lan Cartismo waited upon him also, and is
aticularly to hoe:: tirs.ken of the manner in
the present French Ministry- acts toward
To-morrow Don Carneros will digitate% a
r to Madrid.
Irving, the banker, and Mr. Ward, an officer
Govermleot, arrived here from London a
lye ago. They set out for Verona the day
to-morrow, for the purpose, it is said, of ob-

the repayment of the sums leot to Ausftia
years 1796 and 1797.
nee Alexander of flobenlohe is already ap-
d Dean of Presburg.
few days Lord Londonderry sets out for Ve-
and thence to England. Lord Strangfurd
Ise leaves us in a few days.

HEIDELBERG, OCIOBE 8.
cers from Prussia state that the new provie,
rganizations will be introduced into Prussia in
!course of the year 18.23. Their general ten.
• is to insure to the Nobility, who form in ge-
Ilie elm of great landowners, s preponderant
.nce, in order to cited' what are called the
Is of democracy.
FRANKFORT. GETOBRI 14.

learn that new instructions have beeu sent
London to the Government of the lonian

LONDON.

FRIDAY, OcToliss se, legs.

We last night received Germs. Papers to the
13th inst. They contain as *coma of the atroci-
ties committed by the Turks in Cyprus. It is
given as a letter from the English Consul to a
relative, resident fur some time at Trieste. The
cruelties which it relates lease those of Sri.
far behind—they "out-Herod Herod !" Sixty-two
towhs and villages burned tiiiieltes!—.acoollegcnition
embracing a trkct of thirty-11m lengua in extent,
and whiCh cOntinued YS days!—tiventy.five thousand
Christians massacred is mild blood. or sold to
slavery, and their infant Children-butchered before
their eyes, or thrown into the sea I Such is the
frightful picture--a picture full of horrors—pre-
sented in the alleged letter of as English Consul.
YSIUTI, OCTOBER It.

Since the dreadful messocres which took place
in the ?Maud of Cyprus the snaiser befo►e Inst. the
waist of 'news from that islood Sae Issistagilatirt
tranquillity hod saceeeded ties test excesses. We
indulged in this pkasing its with the sore eons-
- as there has never been the %stillest symptom
or indication of insurrection in the island of Cyprus.
A letter, witless by the tuglitsh Consul to one of
his relations, who his resided in ear city since the
triable* of the Ent, has dispelled the illusion.
This letter, which certainly cannot be supported, is
to the fullowing effect :

Ili Cyprus, August Is.
" Sixty-two towns and villages of this unhappy
island have entirely disappeared; only their ruins
remain to attest the barbarity of their destroyers !
sad yet the rage of tittle blood-stained monsters
is not yet appeased. A band tif wretches very lately
repaired to Murphon, where they destroyed every
thing with fire and sword. The women sod chil-
dren were for the most pert taken and confined fur
reversl drys in private houses, without food. Those
who were not destroyed by banger were burot, to-
gether with the hooves! Every boar is marked by
murders iu all parts of the island. The Christians
are hunted like wild beasts. It is chiefly upon the
churches. and the Ministers of the Christian 'reli-
gion, that these stupid Turks continue to exercise
their fury. At Saint Niopa, after kitbag or taking
prisoners the inhabitants in the midst'of pence, they
burnt the images of the rlinteh, and transformed
the edifice into a stable. At Chryso-Rojatissot the
church of Aspro Panagia was changed into a
mosque. Very lately the Zabit (Sub-Governor) of
Cyrinis, at the head of a band of furious wretches,
entered the convent of Pantelehrion, and after hos-
ing saddled find bridled the Monks like beasts of
'hoyden, they 'mooted on their beck., and so rode
about the country. The Governor of the Island,
a man equally ferocious sod stupid, lately sent his
'Coons (the performers of his orders) to the monas-
tery of Kicou, where some Culver. (or auchorets)
still remained. This officer, uo less cruel than his
'muter, made several of these poor solitaries expire
in torturer, among others father Sylvester, who was
known throughout the island; the rest dispersed.
leaving the monasteries deserted.
The Turks then set fire to the environs. The
ouflagration continued tweuty-three days. gradually
extending to the neighbolesing districts. Several
fine forests of trait-tree., vlisivrds, Sec. have
fallen a prey to the gimes: The damage done by
this fire is incalculable. A tract of c.ountry, thirty-
Ire leagues in extent. formerly so remarkable for
its high cultivation and fertility. is uow nothing
more than a heap of ashes.
" That part of the island which is occupied by the
troops of Ilithoted Alt Pitch* of Egypt aloue eta
jopi Selih Hey, who commands for
the Pacha, makes lys troops chime the Itrierst

. .
illidplhuk, if Niebried Ln dm* "Id"' h"
troops, i theft? is
.sewson els feeir; there "480 no
to 1r be shy saciatircveti
the Ititgrob Curial oars •Peelmi
lextmet of e let lF:m sl *asi' Jsti Sept
her I The derolatiin OfiScio, which'imes part
of its misfortunes to the imiirUilent'leiil •r D—,
who drew the Greeks iota the snares of the Turks,
by publish'itit 'deceitful amnesty, in which we
suppose he believed, cannot be compared with the
ravager exercised in Cyprus by the Mshometun.,
I We lung refused to 'ciedit the new crimes which
hove deluged with blood the territory of Paphos,
Amstliont, end Feiner), ate; bit the veil is torn,
and the enemy of the Ofiistiatt world no longer
conceits his monslrotti'll iedr.

" Since the month' of July, 23,000 elnistians °fall
Ger 'lnd both sexes have fallen Wider the hand. or
tie executioners, that is; the Thrkish soldiery'; for
the stake end the gibbet would not suffice for 114
impatient cruelty of the circumcised tig4s. Se-
venty-four villages, containing • population of
18,000 Christians, are no more ! The old men and
the married women have perished, the treat hale
been sold, to be conveyed into the interior of Asia
Minor, except the 'children under four years of eve,
Mar have been killed OA-brown into the sea! The
ainrChei, 'the inonisthies in a district of forty
square leagenee, has+ disappeared—the priests ana
monks witliertit'isceplitin have received the crown
of martyrdain, 'end perished in dreadful lorments.
Yet there hus been no insurrection in Cyllius ; but
the will of the Sultan has sworn the extirpation of
Christianity—he strikes, and the Egetin Sea end
theislands are dyed with blood !
'"
'Be not surprised if the miserable Journal here
does not disclose such crimes ; it would hinder the
cease it has embraced, and the wish of the Turks, of
whom he is the echo, is to see the Greeks anisibilit-
ed. I will point out another time the men who are
false enough to have speculated on the misfortunes
of the Christiana; the fortunes acquired by the sale
of an asylum and proieEtion to the wretched, and
the monopoly of blond exercised in these days of
csrnage and Mourning. It is not yet time to speak.
Above all I must not omit to mention, that the part
aCyprus occupied by one of the Commanders of
blahatuet Ali, Paeha of Egypt, is tranquil ; the
Christians are protected there. Accordingly, it is
publicly said at Constantinople and Isere, that the
Viceroy of Egypt is a reneged's, a traitor, and that
as soon as it can be done, he will have the therired
fate of Ali Pacha of Joannine."

LEIPZIG, OCTOBER 11.

The fair does not turn out so well as was ex-
pected. Ewen silk goods do not meet with great
demand ; nor is the busiaess done in leathers and
woollens so satisfactory. Articles of luxury have
had a pretty veld sale. Cultons are in general
cheap, and the English are said to throw them away
as usual.—( Newcombe g C ,rrespowdent, lkl. 16.)
Yuma, Orronca 9. Mrialliques, 94; Beak Shares, WM.
Ocroaas.lo —3lelallicpies, A 4/; Beak Sharer, 890 1•b.
°MINIM 1ir4944419414e4, 94j ; Beak Sham, 898 g.--
(.Isetrias °Mercer to October 13.)

[No further accounts in the Austrian Obse►rer
respecting Greece and Turkey.]

The Duke of WELLINGTON has arrived at Ve•
root. Dispatches from ht. Grace, dated from that
city, were yesterday received at the office of the
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.

A Dutch Mail arrived lest night with pape►s
to the Od instant. They contain an article which,
if founded in fact, mud inspire confidence in the
liberal policy of Mr. CANNING. it states, snider
the head of Frankfort, that new instructions have
been sent from London to the Government of the
lonian Islands requiring a great relaxation of the
rigorous measures adopted by Sir Tnomas MatT-
tAitD towards tire lonians who have uniformly
*hewn themselves the warmest partisans of the
Greeks.

The Pons Papers of Monday contain intelli-
gence from Urgel of the date of the 14th instant,
which states that no action had taken place since
the Bth. The force of MINA WAS estimated at
14,000, that of the Buron D'EaohLes frOm
16,000 to 18,000. Various rumours were afloat'in
Paris respecting these armies, but nothing certain
into known.
A long political disquisition upon the right of
foreign inteeferenco in the internal affairs of an
independent country has been pabliahed io the
Jointed des Debuts. The writer appears to io-
dide to the opinion, that if the King of Spain he
not a (tee agent, but kept in a state of coustruint
and bodily fear, it would justify the interference of
the Sovereigns in his ease. The Klan has sworn
to maintain the Constitution, he has pronounced
those of his subjects who are opposed to it rebels,
and has sanctioned the punishment which many of
them have suffered. flow is it to be ascertained
whether these acts were extorted from him by fear
or not ? Why, if his subjects will allow his
MAJESTY to go to Verona, as the Neopolitans per-
mitted their King to goto Laybach, he will proba-
bly, like his Royal Brother, bold a very drferent
language from what he did at home. But is there
no danger of his being under undue influence at
Verona as at Madrid ? If he should not yield to
the persuasion of his Royal and Imperial Brothers,
has he resolution to resist their command.? What-
ever rebtraint he may feel at filadri'l, we may rest

bilb►ad It **II greater than alit wisileta be Roliiii
felt st Vitae& He is as much r fie. hilidt% at the
«felt/lice se at the otbet.

Pipers of the 13th idilsoliiire
They state shift the lithyalists have Seen defeated
in a series of aiCtions, commencing oh the 4th and
Ending on the Bth, and that the Constitutionalists
are masters of the northern provinces of Spain.
The report of a victory gained by Mai on the 3dl
near Beta, is contradicted. He bed not reached
that position on that day..

A Flanders Mail, with Brussels Paper's of the
tt I Soot. has brought the Speech of the King of
the Nrritsais wDs on the opening of The Session
or the States General. It presents I favourable
'view of the state of the conittry nt house stud abroad.
octoisEit 21.

di)ENINt •OT THE sESSION OF THE STATES •

GENERAL FOR 1832.

His Majesty went to the House in the ussal state
st one o'clock; -mud having taken his seat no the
throne, with ,the Prince of Orange on his right
hand, sud Prince Frederick on his left, delivered
'the following speech :

" Utak AID Militant Lonws—lt is agreeable fur fne to
be able, at tie opeeiog of the tlessisse, to give you she re•
sewed easuraece that our Foreign Mations have been con-
stantly niaiatanted by amicable regemiationa. •We have Irk
sue to he grateful for the peerless* advantage of pewee which
we irodfinue to eklny, media, losfulge the hope of preserving
this bleuiag.
"The internal proeperily 'of the Kingifern has Increased;
the prOdactions of the mil ire in general abundant, avid their
low prices have been edvaelageoes to the lower classes
'Mese time loamy farmers tefFer by them; by my orders a
epreial inquiry La+ been made isle their interests, cuesklived
in relation to those of the consairaers, and the ace-oast which
hit been ghee ns^, it the object of my serious coosideration.
t. His liiikjesty proceeded to observe, that citnimcree and
navigation, thoegh not reatured to their former equilibrium',
offered the most favourable prospects; the arts and 'wieners
flourish; nue, leaportaut public works have been underlakee;
the system of reliant% adopted fur the prisons is is progress.
WitkVespect is the Coluaies theirprosperity is daily iecreasinir,
and the bappioess of tie people beeosianag mere secure, and
since the redaction of Palembang, there has not been the
slightest interruption of public tranquillity. His Majesty ex-
pects that the Assembly will complete the financial measures
constneareed is the last Semi... The Budget will be Nandi d
ou the sew system, *Mei ememences with the emiuisig year,
and measeres are taking that the transitive may be easy. His
Majesty is desirous tis lessee the burden of the sibject, sad the
estimate lobe presented will be below that of the present year.
His Majesty is convieced that the Assembly will pruned
cahnly in the great work of National Legislation, in which
such sistisfaetory pagers. was:made last Sessioa. The Code
of Commerce will shortly be Mid before the Chambers, on
whose compendium Is proinotbse the welfaie of his beloved
subjects, his Illsjesty relies with implicit confideoce."

I-lir Majesty after delivering this opesch left the
Assembly in the same state us he came. The
beauty and tlegance of the new Hall of Assembly
was Keine/ally admired.
The Argaborg Gu:etie slow tells us that Suli err-
t einly capitulated, and that Corinth was still m the
hinds of the Talks on the loth September. That
journal is doubtless ooe of those that hes most
credit, yet what shall we say of its eternal contra-
dictions ?—(Brassels Pipers, October 21.)

A Lisbon Mail has arrived with Papers to the
13th instant. lii the sitting of the Cortes on
roe win, accounts were communicated, brought by
the French galley Eliza, in 35 days from Pernam-
buco, and by the Portuguese brig Gloria, in 10 ds3s
from Fayal. Among the passengers dli board the
It lizo, was the Brigadier Jose Correa de Mello,
Military Governor of the Province of Perusinbueo,
who stated that on the 3d of August there lied
been • general rising of the people and troops of
Pernambuco, in which they procLirned Unrestricted
obedience to his Highness, as Prince Regent and
Perpetual Defender of Broad, and to the General
Constitutional Legislative Assembly of that King-
dom: that all Europeans suspected of adhering to
Portugal' were immediately arrested, and put into
the prisons of the fortress. in order, it was said, to
save them from the popular fury. The Governor,
therefore, judged it proper to give up his command,
which be resigned to the rarer of highest rank in
the province, Col. Jose Caniello Pests, who was
afterwards suspended by the Provisional Junta. On
the :VI) of the same month, when he was already
embarked. the expedition arrived, which was dis.
patched (son Rio de Janeiro against Bahia, cam-
posed of the frigate Union, and the icorrettes
el
Maria du Gloria, Carolina, and Liberal, tannind-
rd by the Chief of Division, Lemur. T is officer
having karat at sea the. expedition of the: Calypso
corvette, feared to enter Bahia in a hostile.rnasimr,
and proceeding immediately to the Alagoas, thkre
landed with some ammunition the commands-0 of
the troops of the expedition, Lrbatour, and the
next in command, and this was all he knew oss thi.
subject, having sailed on the 30th. He delivrted
two bags of dispatcher.

The Coptrial of the laoria said, there had been
a tumult at the beginning of last month in the
idsnd of Terceira, about 2,000 persons hewing as.
sembled to oppose the exportation of corn from that
island ; but the tumult was soon appeased by the
Governor and the Corregidor.
lii the sitting of the Cortes on the 10th, Vie
opinion of the Agricultural Committee on the ne-
cessity or importing 19,000 suoycot of foreign *hest
was read, but the decision was adjourned.

The Ryer' which arrived yesterday announce
tl:e devtruction of con•iderable prorrty,prineipally

ttkn, 610iteint to clergymen in the county nt
trotrick; which hu been maliciously set on tire komi
tongssosed.

1a the adjourned Quarter Assembly of the Cor:.
potation of Dublin ou the /tit, the Reollutioit
unanimously adopted requesting the City Riirt-
sentatives to support Mr. Copestrroa•s !anima
t.r ■ repeal of the tilion was brim:Ott f•rtvard,
This 11cm-dation was sent up to the Bimini of Ai.
derrneu for their tonctirrencej but aria
as a Board had not assembled. On the Regulation
being retu►nedt Mr. 1Vt1.1.115 moved that it should
stand as that of the Sheriffs and Conunsns of the
city of Dublin, and that Sir itOlkllV Stint' anal
Mr. ELLI§ Mould be respectfully made
with it.

The resolution ware twice read by the Cleo k, and
MORKIS,ON otsjectril to its !rill part, at there
were not a sufficient •timber of mt tither. preterit.
The motion was consequently lost fur the present.
In the course of the day it was stated by Mr.
FiTzstawas that the aged widows of the greet
I).,cto► LUCAS and their late It-corder Were C.file
s drrable sulb-rera, from the inability of the Cur.
',oration to pay the Gmne► her annuity. and the
latter the arrests of salary, 3001. due to her hat-
band at the time of his death.

The Tyne Merenry of Tuesday states. that 'he
krelmen of the Tyne continue refractory. Thry
rrfuse to work, not because their mestere hire
broken their engagement with them, but bet-wise
the coal owners refute to comply with their can.
ditioos. Their conduct appear, very censurable, as
those conditions apply to their employment next
year.

The effect of such a great body of men being
nut of employment has been severely felt is that
d strict by the trading part of the comniumit.
Ships belonging to the Tyne have been under the
orc.s•ity of going to Sunderland fur lading; :tail
shopkeepers from the highest to the lowest are seh.
'dile of a material defalcation in their butanes..

Lost night, at 10 o'clock, his MAJESTY arrit.(l
st his Palace iii Psll-moll, in his truselling-carmge
and four, from ‘Vindsor.

Oi► %Wiwi:tiny night dispatches were received
at the Foreign Office, in Downiine-strett. from the
Ilion. W. HILL, Iris MAJF.STY'S Envoy Extraordi.
nary sod Minister Plenipotentiary at Turin.
DOTER. OCTOIIER 23.—Arrived his Majesty's
strain packet ►he Dasher, bringing, amongst other
p►asseugers, Sir Itonma and Lady WILSON and
Lindy.
Mr. JAMES Manta, late of Coventry, plush.
manufacturer to his MAJESTY, having been some
time resident at Maranhao►, on the coast of Brazil,
has imported at Liverpool a quantity of Imo.
exquisitely delicious and hitherto unknown
land. Mr. HARRIS has sent lip a box full of thew
to his MAJESTY; and Mr. PETER OrlYrOltg, 'vier
hi corning attention and respect, conveyed them on
Tuesday last to Cashion Palace, to be %maids d
Windsor.

The Cork Adrertiser 'Wes, that the inquiry di.
meted Ly the Board of Excise, which has given
offence to the proprietors of three crest
iu that thy. relined to charges preferred spina
certain Excise Officers fur bribery stud cootntsuce
in the exercise of their erections.

The death of EDWAILIS MILLER MUNDT, 17.1.
having occs.ioned • racaucy 111 the frilfeSell/110ktel
of Derltyrleite, his highly respected kiwasan,
FRANCIS MUNDT. of Markeatoo, Erg. has heeiu
itirbiced to oiler himself us his successor. Ste GEo.
CREWE has also been solicited by his friends he
come forward on the occasion, but has declined the
iuvitation.
A grata moil has arrived with letters from Rio
de Janeiro to the 20.11 Auiorat. The Prince Re-
gent hod gone to the province of St. Pawl, shoot
400 miles in the interior, to q tell some disturbance.
that had broke n oot there, leaving the Prioress
at the basil of the G .vernnuent doting his &Abilene?.
The pocket left Rana on the 31st of August. and
Pernambuco on the 6th of September. The letters
from Pernambuco stole, that a number of black and
mulatto soldiers had volunteered there, to join the
Prnice's forces; and a notice had beets issued! by
the intendant, runouticing his readiness to treat wilt,
any persons to convey the troops, amounting to 9,000
MM. to Alagoas. A vecte•tl arrived on the sth front
&Ina, !rimier, sailed one day after the packet, the
Captain of which reported, that on the dry he soled
mai attack was made upon Madeira's outposts, Nloolit
a !tape out of the town, and *lieu his vessel g..t
under weigh, the place was in the utmost confusion.
A letter from Jacntel (11syti), dried the lit ult.
says—" The dry before yesterday some Mettibeve
of the Legislative Assembly, Imo in the tniekt of
its Session, weer arrerted h 1 order of the Presideni,
together with several °dirt. individuals, for what canoe
is not known; but it is supposed the arrest has rela-
tion to the late intrigues of Gen. RoM•INE.
number of persons dieaffected to the existing C..-
vernitieot is undoubtedly arty tumid, table, list
the lirMnesSof President Hot Ea, the devotion of Oer
s•eldeery to him, end theattsehment .Tilsr greet trease,
of the population, render it probable that noilintx
will distuili the terminality nut security of law
country. Genteel lioxtaiNE's executwit
sudden sod unexpected. A.I Ante-de-Camp 01 it.,
Pats' DENT was seen ritlokiK at full sp.rd ;1410 1.
gaol a few mornings since, who CAM, it the te. I
order, which was immediately executed. Re-
MAI Nlt was en impertaitt pereottage under C
TopitE, *limn he served as a General, and bore the
title of Duke of EmBE."

Tux FUNDS.—The market 3ettertlay, %vitt' the
exception of Culooibisu Bonds, was lokup,: %tit
weedily upwards : Consols I:,r Account. 041:
ditto fur Money, Reduced,
,2lj/; 3i 1.1
Grins.
; 4 per Cents. 99iii ; Nrw 4 Per
Cints. Long Ammon?... go 13.16 i; 1114113
8111/41*, 49 48; [link lot Account. 250; 41 t "
Ito Money. 249. Foreign Stocks: New
73111 i; Neemplitali, 81 f ituonen,•B9i;
C"lutitbiau, 94 93 93i 92.
