VIE (NIDE PAPERS:

The SECRETARY wits about to read the requisition for making
this Court Special for the purpose of considering the propriety of
recommending to the Directors a regulation relating to the educa-
tionpf Cadets, when

Husti said, before he entered upon that question, he
begged to ask whether the Honourable Chairmen had received a
letter from Sir John Doyle respecting his intended motion for tak-
ing into consideration the Dude Papers?
The CHAIRMAN said he received such a letter from the Gallant
General yesterday, which shculd be read.
The SECRETARY then read a letter from Sir John Doyle,
stating that he was too unwell to attend the Court to-day, and re-
questing that the consideration of the Oude papers might be post-
poned. The answer of the Court of Directors was also read,
stating that it was not competent for them to postpone the motion
on so short a notice, and that the better course would be for some
Gentleman to move that tl'e matter should be postponed either to
some given day or Awe die: he would suggest that as Parliament
was about to meet, it would be more convenient to postpone it to
the first General Court.

Mr. RANDLE JACKSON said that it was the opinion of the
friends of the Noble Marquis that the Gude Papers did most
materially comprehend the character of Lord Ilastings, and it was
for that reason that Sir Jon Doyle was anxious to bring it forward.
It would not, he though; be courteous. therefore, in the Noble
Marquis to postpone thequestion to a time when he would have
arrived at Aloha, or gone to his honourable exile, call it which-
ever they would.
gir JOHN SEWELL mid he had understood, from pretty good
authority. that the star of the Noble Marquis in this country had
already been of great inconvenience to the interests of his Govern-
ment at Malta, and was against his Lordship's own inclinations
and that of the Government at home. A frigate had been pre-
pared for his Lordship's departure some time ago; ands letter
was given to him (Sir J. Sewell), under the impression that the
Marquis of Hastings, now that the question of the Deccan
Prize Money had been derided, would have sailed from this
country within seven days fran hence; the reasoning, therefore,
of the Honourable Proprietor (Mr. R. Jackson) as to the post-
ponement in consequence of tie Marquis of Hastings's departure
did not apply.
After some few observations from Mr. lit DM and the CHAIR-
MAN, it was agreed that the notion should be adjourned to Wed.
neaday the kl:h of rsebruary next.
EDUCA'f /ON OF CADETS.

The CHAIRMAN proceeded to inform the Court that the same
was made special for the purpose of taking into consideration the
following proposition :—That this Court. considering the great im.
portance of a knowledge of the Ilindostannee language to Euro.
pearl officers destined to act with and to cmnmand the native
troops in India, recommend to the Court of Directors to take Into
their immediate consideration the propriety of making regulations,
in consistency with their own resolutions, that no cadet shall hence-
forth be permitted to prorzsd to India unless he shall, upon exami.
nation, be found sufficiency grounded in the rudiments of the Bin.
datum nee language.
Mr. Hume begged to state, in order that he might obtain a
favourable hearing for the motion which he was about to make,
that it involved a question of very great importance which had been
introduced to the attention of this Court on several different occa-
sions (luring the last few years. He also begged to observe, that
the subject of education, to which he was anxious to call their at.
tendon, was not one which could in any way personally affect him.
self, or in which lie could be actuated by any views of personal
convenience or personal interest. Ilia mouse for occupying their
time by bringing it forward was because he felt it to be a subject
of paramount importance to the Company and to the country, that
all who belonged to their service in India, whether civil or military.
should be qualified with a knowledge of the language of that
country in which they were destined to act, in order to do their
duty with the greatest benefit to the Company, and with honour to
themselves. The name of the Marquis of Hastings had already
been used ; he wished he could be permitted to read the minute
made by that Noble Lord in August, 11113, on the lamentable want
of knowledge of the native languages among the civil officers in
India, and suggesting measures for the remedying of such an evil.
That able minute was answered by the Court of Directors in a sa-
tisfactory manner, approving of the course of instruction pointed
out therein, but differing with the Noble Lord as to the mode of
carrying it into effect. If any one of the arguments used by the
Noble Marquis, and approved by the Court of Directors, were air.
plicable to the civil service, they were every one equally applicable
to the European officers employed in the military service. When
the subject was brought forward in 11105 it met the unanimous con-
currence of all persons, who were quite united in opinion as to the
great importance of that measure, and of the inca:culable benefits
that would be derived to their affairs in India by its adoption. It
was rather surprising,with that conviction so strong on their minds,
they. should have allowed so many years to have elapsed without
having placed their military officers in the same situation in which
they had placed their civil servants. He was however satisfied that
the approaching Session of Parliament would not pus over without
some means being taken to remedy the abuses that existed in the
system now pursued. Instances were constantly occurring of the
mischiefs that ensued from an ignorance of the native language on
the pact of European officers, and which tarnished the character of
many otherwise eminent persons who now held situations in their
service. When the extent to which this evil might go was fairly
considered, he thought it would appear to every reflecting mind
that the system which occasioned it ought not to exist another day.
He recollected that when such a motion as the one he was about to
make was made on a former occasion, the objection was, that they
had no means in this country of providing an education in the
language a knowledge of which was proposed. It was very true
that at that time the means were very few compared with what they
now possessed, and for which they had to thank his Honourable
Friend, Dr. Gilchrist, whose exertions on behalf of this Com-
pany were such as were beyond all praise. (Hear, hear, hear.)
The difficulty which was thus opposed to the adoption of his mo.
tion seven years ago. he was happy to say, no longer existed.
There was then no other establishment but that of Dr. Gilchrist
himself and the seminaries of the Company ; but now there were
nearly thirty seminaries, including Dr. (lilchrist's gratuitous ser-
vices, where young men might receive an oriental education, and
acquire a knowledge of the Ilindostannee, so that when they
arrived i 3 India it would give them but very little trouble to
learn all that might be requisite before their entering upon
their military duties. The Court might not have considered
what were the number of Individuals who commanded their
armies in India. Ile might perhaps in round numbers say
that they had 150,000 native troops, and there were 4000 Eu.
ropean officers to command them. It ought to be considered
that of that number a very large portion of them were not confined
to military duty. There was scarcely one part of so of cur's duty
in India that could be performed without a knowlttelge of the
Hindoetannee language. There who were not satisfied with his
reasonings and authority, he would refer them to a work lately pub.
fished by an officer, who had been in their own service for 17 years,
from whence he had made some extracts, with • view to gm the
Court an idea of the number of important duties persons who were
sent out from this countly ignorant of the language of India, had
to perform. Very few of those persons had perseverance or courage
enough to muter the language after they arrived in that country.
The best Asiatic scholars were those who had acquired the rudi-
ments of the Unsnap In England. In the year 1822, there were
In the engineers, the cavalry, the artillery, and the European
corps 1795 European lacers at the &nod Presidency, of which
number 1064 were proem, and no fewer than 836 of them bead

etafrappointments; that was to say, eitualions out of the line of
attny ditty. Military efficeis ecre selected to have charge of the
Conintinsariat, and were Hsu idly employed on diplomatic minions.
and with all due tit feretice to the tekiits 41 die tied weenie he
would venture to say that the services of ['nihilist men yn employed
would bear comparison with any of those persons. The lion.
Member, after again enforcing the necessity of eppointing persons.,
with a competent knowledge of the native language to
these 'everts] duties, adverted to a despatch of ;Lord sfintds in
100th. in which his Lordship said the ignorance of the leneoliee on
the part of the eivilaifficere itt India, untroatafily subjected them
to an almost unlimited dependence oil the natives, the consequence
of which were hiss of character, distress, and ratio to those who
were thus delivered up to the power of alien they ought to direct,
aid who by these means converted the servant into :he master. The
lion. Member then tented that from 11114 to lON, 2574 cadets had
gone out to India, and from that time to 1024, 47211 cadets had
sailed; therefore no less than 7,302 cadets had been sent out since
the date of their charter. If the plan which had been adopted
*lilt regard to their civil servants had been exterided to the
military European officers, they would scarcely have had any one'
now in the service who would not have understood the Hindoos-
tanee language. It was true, in 11114 the 31:trquis of Hastings
had appointed an interpreator to each battalion; but the very
appointment was a reflection upon the conduct of the East India
Company, as it made otikets who were placed in the most
perilous siteatione not aide to act for themselves, but to rely on
the foreign aid of a native. Rut although the Government of
India had appointed Interpreters for the native troops, yet, with
some inconsistency, they had withheld them front the King's
troops. The consequence Was, that every man, even the Colonel
and the Adjutant, 'Xing ignorant of the language„ if any acts of
oppression arose between them and the natives, no intormation
could be received of them, and consequently no redress obtained.
Ile Wes confident that if an ioquiry were .instituted, it would be
found that many unpleasant tneurrencee had arisen from an ig.
nnrance of the native language on the part of the European officers.
The Honourable Proprietor then enumerated the various
411.111 CS a military officer had to perform from his first arrival
in India, with a view to show Lind hi the management
of his housanold, in the command of his company, in the line of
march, in the field of battle, and at the Courts-minds!, the know.
ledge of the native language was so essentially requird, that it
was impossible he could perform his duty properly in either of
those situations without possessing it. Boys of sixteen years old
(an age much too young, anti it was only wonderful that they had
such able men out of such materials), just taken from school, were
sent out to India to take the command of • company of native
trooops. On landing he could not have a European servant, as in
the King's service, but he must have a native, veal whom, how-
ever, it was impossible he could communicate. lie might say,
give me water—give me bread—but if the servant should tell him
that something had gone wrong, he was utterly incapable of
understanding him. His next duty was to report to the Com-
manding Officer whet had taken place among his men in the course
of the twenty-four hours; but if a man had broken the lock of his
musket, the officer was no more capable of reporting it than one of t
the statues in the Court. Wax that the object for which they sent
out European Officers? Certainly not. They should have the
leuropean officers superior to the natives, which should he so great
and so obvious, as to compel the natives to feel and to admit their
superiority. As the officer proceeded there were duties ofa higher
kind for him to perform. The native troops were constantly mos.-
lug. It was very rarely that all the companies ofa native regiment '
were found together; they were out in two, three, or four companies
in various directions. in this situation the officer wax called upon to
be a'negotiator,and ought to he in that character more competent than
the generality of officers. lie (Mr. Hume) admitted he was as an
Englishman; but for want of understanding all his resources,
arising from an ignorance of the language, he was obliged to act
blindfolded, as it were. Ile soldier strayed, plundered a villager,
and a dispute took place, was it possible that justice could be
done by en officer who did not understand the language? It was
in fact inviting the repetition of these abuses, to have persons in
authority in India who could not take cognizance of them, owing
to their ignorance of the vernacular tongue. Officers and soldiers
in India were like soldiers and officers elsewhere; they were men,
and required checks to the natural impulse of self interest. If
they had the means to add to their property, it was then the
Court had a right to expect that they would forego them, unless
some restraint were put upon them. He, therefore, would say,
that instead of the Government being guardians of the people of
India, they by their remissness were the occasion of much unre-
quited injury being done to that people. It was giving a pre-
mium to crime to allow persons to hold authority who could
not administer justice. There was not a single court-martial
over which an European officer presided where native wit-
nesses were not generally examined. Now, when it was known
that the same letter in the Hindostannee language had four
different pronunciations, and of four different meanings, un-
less the person who presided could discriminate each pronun-
ciation, a contrary meaning might be given to the evidence,
from that which was intended by the witness. Such a proceeding
amounted neatly to a denial of justice. After stating other mit.
chiefs resulting from the present imperfect system of education, the
Hon. Proprietor said he had been informed that the present Bur.
mese war had arisen entirely out of a misunderstanding originating
front a want of a competent knowledge of the Hindostannee lan-
guage. The Governor of Arracan had some differences respecting
the small island of Shapooree, and had sent a messenger to 31r.
Warner who was the Company's Civil Resident in the Governor's
district, requesting an interview with him, in order that mutual ex.
planations might take place and a friendly arrangement be made;
but Mr. Warner not understanding the purport of the message,
would not condescend to meet the Governor, but referred hint three
several times to a Darogoa of Police (an inferior officer), and the
consequence was that hostilities were resorted to about that paltry
island, and the Government had been involved in a lamentable and
expensive war with the Burmese empire. ( Hear' hear.) The Hon.
Proprietor observed that he was glad to find the Court of Directors
were gang to abolish the necessity of young men going to the Ad-
discombe College. After badgering them upon that subject for six
or seven years, they were about to adopt it of their own accord at
last. Better late Wien never was his motto, anti he was therefore
glad of it. Ile regretted that the boys were taken from that College
so early. Scarcely one of them knew anything of the Hindostannee
language when they left it. instead of adoptitig the system of Dr.
Gilchrist, they had pursued another, of which nothing could be
made. The lion. Proprietor then said, that by the Parliamentary
returns it appeared that there were sent Out to India in 1021, 434
cadets, 55 of whom were educated at AOiscombe College. In
11122,362 were sent out, only 52 of whom wen: to the College. In
1823, 374 were sent out, and GO of them were educated at the ('ol.
lege. In 1824, 420 were sent out, and 79 of them were educated
at the College. So that out of 1,475 cadets, only 280 went to that
Seminary. Such was the disparity between those who went out with
any knowledgeat all of the native language, and theme knew not one
word of it. Since the establishment of the College in 1805, up to
11121, it had cost the East India Company 247,001.10 including the
92,01101. for its; erection. This expense was exclusive of the esta-
blishment in India. In England and in India together, expense for
education was 53,8001. a year. lie, however, did uot mean to
complain of the expense, provided the object of it were attained.
But the education of young men might be acquired for considerably
less a slim. He would contract to educate every cadet that went
out to India in the course of the year for 5001. lie did not mean
to say that he would himself instruct them, but his Honourable and
Learned friend Dr. Gilchrist would (a laugh)-5001. for 500 cadets !
If gentlemen wanted cheapness, he thought the offer he now made
would be such as must please them. In reference to the general
question, the Hon. Proprietor said that it' the Court of Directors
would be but consistent with their own resolutions on the subject,
he was sure there would not be any difference between them and
himself. If lie had made himself understood, the Court would
perceive that bis object was to convince them that it was the duty
of the Company, agreeably to their declaration, to obtain the best
qualified persons to perform the duties in India in the best manner.
He blamed not the young men; he blamed their parents, who
sent them out at a time when they were not able to do themselves
credit, act with satisfaction to their friends, or do the service
which the Company required of them. The Honourable Pro-
prietor concluded by musing a resolution in contonuity with the
terms of the requisiuon.
. .

Hr. GILCHRIST seconded the resolution. He could hardly
conceive that any individual would be found to object to the propo-
sition of his lion, Friend. He should, however, decline entering
into the subject further at present, but reserve himself to answer
any objection that might be brought forward against the 'Dolton.
The CHU:RNA:4 informed the Honourable Proprietor that it
would not be competent fur him to address the Court again us a
matter of right, though be might be permitted to dotal as a Mat-
ter of courtesy.

Sir Join( Svw ELL said there could be no question that per-
sons who knew the Hindostannee language would be capable to tie- I
spatch business better than those who were ignorant of it athe only
question was, which was the beat and fittest IllUde to be adopted for
the acquiring a knowledge of that language. It was his opinion
that it should be acquired in that country where it was familiarly
spoken. It appeared to him that the lion. Mover had over-argued
the question. It was not above eighty or ninety years since they
had had any authority whatever in India beyond a factory. Since
the black-hole business at Calcutta they had extended their do- I
minion in the east most rapidly • and who were the men who had
been fighting their battles in India since that time ? lie thought
qo person would hardly venture to .say, that among the number
there were not dime who were perfectly well qualified to discharge
their duty to this country. With regard to the story about Mr.
Warner, who had been described as the cause of the Burmese war,
there was no evidence taut this war arose out of an ignorance of the
language. It was a mater of mere etiquette between Mr. Warner
and the Governor of Armen. According to the representation of
the lion. Mover Mr. Warner thought himself rather too great a
man to ga to a conference with the Governor, nod he turned him
over to an inferior. The Governor, however, would not go, and
the consequence wan, that he proceeded to take that by force •viiich
he had endeavoured to obtain, but could not, by other means.
Nothing could be more clear than this, that it was no affair of lan-
guage, but entirely a matter of etiquette. and which had led to that
consequence which had involved the Government in a war with
the Burmese empire. Something had 'veil said about a march of
bullocks. [The Hon. and Learned Proprietor alluded to a story
of some baggage, which Mr. Hume stated to have been lost in
consequence of the messenger, who was directed to communicate
that the route was changed, not being understood by the officer who
gnarled it.] lie thought there rota something paradoxical about
the story. For supposing the officer not to understand the ban.
gunge of the messenger, still there was another language be-
sides the vernacular one, to which all might resort. How easy it
' would have been for the native messenger to have signified his
meaning by signs, or to have toned the heads of the bullocks (a
laugh;) or even by gesturesand motions of his body or hands to hav
intimated to the officer dist he was togs another way. But sow:

part of the blame, if there were any, would attach to the officer who
sent him, for lie might have communicated the change of route by
writing. Abiliough the argument had been anticipated, he would
venture to say something about the expense of educating voting
men in this country. It should seem that all the establishments
where the Ilindostannee language was taught werc in London.
Cadets were composed of the sons of clergymen, and of gentlemen
burdened with numerous families, and he thought that the Direc-
tors could hardly use their patronage better than in taking such
young men. The Iwo expense of sending out a young man to
India was from 10111. to I 5( I. flu cost cf keeping them in London
to learn the Hisoloata• nee language would be 100/. more. Now
every thing has a reputed value. A cadetship was valued no
higher than WO. : if then the parent were required to ex-
pend lON. additional in the educatbn of his son, it seemed to
him that it would be bringing a cadetship down to nothing. The
Hon. Mover had asserted over and over again the utter impossibi-
lity nits person learning the liintinstannee language in llinttostan.
Such a proposition was completely at variance with all experience.
It resembled the MC of a man who being musicals to learn to swim
was advised to unwise on a table first. (Laughter.) His own ex-
perienee went directly the other way. lie did not know that he
was duller than other men, tut after being at school ten years. and
at the university seven, studying one language, yet he could not
converse in it. But Olen he went to France to learn the French
language, of which, on his arrival there, he was so ignorant, that
he could not ask for a rate/ our dinner; yet In foot months he was
competent to converse with fluency in that language. He was fur
these reasons of opinion that the proposition of the Hon. Mover
was founded upon erroneous grounds, and should therefore oppose
the motion.

Colonel Lutist inn^rim concurred fully in the motion, as far u
the principle went, that great importance must he attached to the
knowledge of the language by these who were engaged in the Com•
party's service; but it wax a very different question which was the
best mode of speaking that language? The Ilindostanee wits' lan-
guage almost exclusively for colloquial purposes. Having him-
self commanded a regiment in India, lie could state that the local
authorities there always evinced the greatest anxiety for teaching
the language to military officers. Fur several years past, by order
of the Commander-in-Chief, half yearly reports, specifying the
progress and proficiency of every officer in the army, were sent in ;
and he could assure the Court, that those reports were not merely
matters of form. In one of them it became his duty to bring to
the notice of the Commander-in-Chief a young officer under his
command, who paid little or no Attention to the language. An itn.
mediate reply was received, saying, that if in his next report he
was not able to give a more favourable account of the young man's
progress, it would be considered how far it would be expedient
to intrust him with a command. This answer had the best effect.
Examinations were constantly conducted in India by three officers,
who had great knowledge of the Eastern languages. There was a
measure connected with this question, which, if acted upon, would
be in his judgment very beneficial, and would be only a renewal of
a former regulation. It was that of encouraging young men to
apply themselves to study, by bestowing on such as passed a ate
cessful examination a pecuniary reward. The revival of such u
measure would, he thought. be attended with ntost beneficial effects.
lk could not however help remarking, in justice to the officers in
India, that there never was a time when the knowledge of the in-
dostannee language was so extensively known in the army as at
present. However be might approve of die principle of the pro.
' position, yet he was decitledly adverse to shut out the cadets from
going to India, and should therefore oppose the moduli.
Col. L. STANHOPE thought the whole of the observations of
the Hon. and gallant Colonel who had just addressed the Court
went in support of the motion of his Hon. Friend. With regard
to the remarks that had been made by the Learned Judge on the
floor (Sir J. Sewell) as to the propriety of communicating by signs,
he (Col. Stanhope) did not think them worthy of notice. Unless
the Court were dispensed to govern the people in India by panto-
mime,, it was necessary the European Officers should learn the
Hindostannee language. All die writers and philosophers who had
written on education, bock, Rousseau and others, had said that
the knowledge of languages should be given in youth. The pro-
position of his Hon. Friend did not say that the young men should
be made perfect in the language while in England ; but should
acquire the rudiments of it, and not be suffered to waste their
time like the Hon. Proprietor, who had been seventeen years
learning Latin, and then knew nothing of it at last.—(Laughing.)
Sir Joust SEWELL said he did not say he knew nothing of the
language, but that he could not speak it fluently.
Mr. riANDLE JACKSON thought the arguments of the Hon.
Proprietor (Colonel Lushington) had proved the necessity of the
proposition of his lion. Friend (Mr. flume). If the necessity was
the same the obligation ought to be the same, and ought to be
general both in the military and in the civil service. Why did
they appoint an interpreter to preside in the Courts-martial if every
ofiker of the army understood the language ? The motion, how.
ever, as it now stood, did not leave the Court of Directors any
discretion if they should he of opinion that the language might be
as well or better acquired in India. His anxiety was, that the
whole consideration of the question should be left to the Court of
Directors, and should suggest that the motion be amended
in that respect ; so that the Court might make it obligatory in the
cadets to acquire a knowledge of the language, either in England or
in In ,is, before they joined their regiments; or he would go far-
ther, and leave the whole matter to the consideration of the Di-
rectors, requesting them to fasotir the Court of Proprietors with
their opinion when they had duly considered the subject.
Colonel Iit;SHINGTON explained, and said that there was no
regiment without sepoys, who were competent to teach the young
officers. He knew a sepoy who had five young men under hint at
a time.

Mr. SAatvEr. Dixote opposed the motion.
Mr. DEwar also opposed the motion, and thought the Hon.
Mover had taken up the subject without due consideration, and it
seemed really to him that it was taken up solely with a view to re-
flect on the Court of Directors.
Captain MAXWELL spoke in favour of the motion, and aiid that
the late Surveyor-General in India was totally ignorant of any one
of the Eastern languages, and he had known a Persian interpreter
who was not acquainted with one syllable of the language.
Sir C. Forums also supported the motion. Ile hoped that a
regulation would before long be made that no man should be per-
mitted to go out to India as a barrister or an attorney to practise
there unless lie knew the Ilindostanee language. Ile had se:n men
while sitting on the bench, and others acting as barristers and at-
torneys, who were obliged to examine witnesses through native
interpreters, make the most gross and abominable micakts.
Sir P. LArair. hoped Mr. Hume would withdraw hip motion,
and leave the subject entirely to the consideration of the Court of
Directors.

The Deputy CHAIRMAN (Sir G. ROBINSON) thought that the
evils of the measure proposed would counterbalance any advantages
that the young men could derive front an education in England.
It had been said that the Marquis of Hastings was the person who
had appointed interpreters. He begged to state that the appoint.
ment of interpreters was an set of the Court of Directors before
Lord Hastings arrived in India. It would, in his opinion, be
most expedient for the Court of Proprietors to leave unshackled
in the hands of the Court of Directors any further measure that
might be thought necessary to be adopted.
Mr. WErmwd opposed the motion.
Mr. Pot( tstma observed to the Honourable Chairman the Ir-
regularity there would be of Dr. Gilchrist being permitted, even
as a matter of courtesy, to address the Court in reply, he being only
the seconder of the motion.

Mr. 11U3IE said that his lion. Friend (Dr. Gilchrist) did rot
intend to ask to have the courtesy conceded to him. l'he Don.
Gentleman then shortly replied to the arguments that bad been
advanced against the proposition.
The CHAIRMAN then put the question, which was negatived
without a division.

Mr. H rst E afterwards moved for the production of some papers
connected with the same subject ; but which was also negatived.
The Court adjourned at h.ilf-past tire o'clock.

MEETING of the ROM.-IN rATIroLic PRELATES.

The Catholic Prelates, assembled from all parts of Ireland,
have met in Dublin, and continued their sittings for several days
during the past week. One of the topics which chiefly engrossed
their attention was the important subject of education.
A deputation from the Catholic Association had an interview
with the Prelates on Saturday. The object of the Deputation was
to invite the Prelates to attend a meeting of the Association on
Monday, to confer upon the plan of education proposed by the
Commissioners. This proposel of an interview the prelates de-
dined. They had, however, taken the subject into mature con-
sideration, without reference to what may be the opinion of the
Catholic Association, and the following is, in substance, what they
have resolved upon :
They declare that a system of education which includes Protest-
ant and Catholic children is admissible, where the religion of the
Catholic children is sutliciently protected.
That the masters should be of the religion of the majority of
the pupils : and in schools where the minority only are Catholic,
there should he a permanent Catholic assistant.
That books of religious instruction for the Catholic children
be approved by the Catholic Prelates ; and that books for common
literary instructions should not be oiled, if excepted to by them.
That the property in schools should not be transferred.
That there should be a model school in each province ; the
masters nut to be trained in the schools of the Kildare-place'
Socie'y.
That the Catholic Prelates feel it their duty to withhold their
concurrence or support from any system of education not in
complete accordance with the principles expressed in these reso-
lutions.
We are aware that a distinguished Parliamentary friend of the
Catholics had, to a certain extent, pledged the Catholic Bishops to
agree to a system of mixed education, which was not exactly that
one which they would have chosen. It will be seen by the fore-
going resolutions, that they have redeemed that pledge in a man-
ner which, as it is impartial, and places both sides on a footing of
perfect equality, should be, and we hope will be, acceptable to all.
Dublin Morning Post.

An anti-slavery meGing of the County of Pembroke was
held on the 12th Mat., in the Guildhall, Haverfordivest,
the Right Honourable Lord Candor in the chair, when
petitions to both Houses of Parliament were prepared and
signed, praying Government to carry into effect their ho-
nourable resolutions of May, 1523, and pledging the pe-
titioners' best aid in support of them and any other bene-
volent measures his Majesty's Ministers might be pleased
to adopt in the accomplishment of those just and neceS-
' sary iniprovemmts in the condition of so large and wretch-
ed a portion of the luunan
