GREECE.

EXTRACT PROW A PRIVATE LETTER, DATED
TANTE, JULY 14.
" By the Hermes 1 gave you ao account of Mr.
Green, the English Consul, having been to Paints,
the end of June, with a fleet of men of war, con-
sisting of the Revoletionaire. 44 guns; Cumbrian,
50 : Spey. 20 ; Scout, IS, and eAnntielier, 16.
This Neutron .was sent op from Corfu, in con-
srquence of representations respecting. ouiralszla
committed by the r-Trial•iind !online in Limon
hosts tif ',Usage ; fog( it had also another oh-
3ect—tbat of convincing the Greeks that their
proceedings were taken notice of. The Paella
hall left Pates, with troops for Lulls; hut
Ma Stet get permission, which was never before
granted, to past the Dardanells off Lepanto,
and sailed op to the Greek ',elate!. at Galuxidi,
where they fouildilliaout eighty ships in all,
but only three oftiiiM were armed. The Ely-
eiriotee. Sperziotes, and liisariots had abandon-
ed their attack on Petro* and Lepanto three
ilays he fore, and hod sailed for Hydra, after 27
data spent in doing making. They had two of
their vessels diamasted by the Turkish corvette find
three brigs under Lepanto. After delivering the
ilispatches to tlfe person in command, to he sent to
'Hydro, the Beet returned to Patine and,Zaiitr, oiler
an abeence of sic days. Cam. Pellew fired a salute
at istrai, at the request of the Commandoot,which
ass retained from the citadel. There is no (larger
of 'the Greeks attacking limos for some time, as
Lt-of P..clot, who hail gone on an vxvedition to
Latla, hid returned with all the Lalliuts anti
t:,eir Kremlin's. The Lilliots had been besieged
• Very • elorlely by abOnt 4 000 Moriou, and 2,000
mutt from Cephalonia and Zinti, with six pieces of
env 11l The billioto sent to Patras for autotimer,
lictming permission to come and settle there, and
Lolls, as was done in 1771. The Picha
skein to them in person, with 1,200 nun, riot' upon
h;s arrival • great battle was fought, the
attacked on one aide, and the troops of Paths on
ihe other. 'nue lonians dill sorer execution with
their goner as tit* Pocha advanced, but be charged
them at the head of hie moo, and the Lalliots sts
tacking the Mounts ut the same time these last
tied when ihry had tired their mareltOc,:and left the
lonians to light. The consequence was a total
overthrow of the Greeks and lonians, and MO
put to the sword, and 40 lonions taken pn-
were impaled

being )1.
t.oints, who lh , - or hanged on the field of
batik. The rest fled, and arrited at Zairte in
Most distressing Condinmt. The Talks returned to
l'at:u.. By the lust accounts they had a
.btrut 6,000
men there. "I'lley were distressed for corn, but had
sent off a third of the troops to attack the Bishop.
The Pretia is .• man of undaunted •courttge, as well
es his officers.
" The Turks lost about 80 men at Lslla, chiefly
killed by the Jovial's. Not our fort or castle iu the
Mores has hitherto been taken by the Greeks, but
it is probable that the Turks luny be starved out at
Coons, Napoli de blalvoisin, and Navarin, as they
were at the last esirernity. I think, however, that
they will blow up the eastlev, and attempt to cut
their way to Pori.% or TriOolissa, rather than capi-
tulate, is they well know the fate that would await
them in so doing. At Hydra the Greeks actually
..
roasted the Turks alive by a slow fire, first caeting
off their ears sod times. This you may rely on as
an truiloubied fact, as well as all I have related.
The Tatrkieh fleet that was at Patras came to Z rote
fur provipiorss, and was supplied. The Cataluna
Bey was oft Corfu, ill want of men and provisions.
•If could IKtve attacked the Hydriotes at Lepanto
I think her would have taken Shelia."

YPSILANTI.
• TIM PAREMELL ADDRESS TO HIS TROOPS
" Soldiers! No! I shall sully that honourable and ta-
rred name by applying it to being* like you. Ye herd of
eltstardly sail cruel lees, yaw treachery, your perjury,
(sire me to *hamlet' yon. lu future every tie is broken
-between us; bet I shall always deeply feel the shame of
"beibeg been your chief. Y• 111 have trampled under foot
•osths; you have betrayed God sod your country.
'You betrayed nee at a time when I hoped to crammer or to
• air gloriously at your bead. We are POW separated for •
ever. Go soil joist the Torkv, who are slow worthy of
your friendship. Steal out of the woods where you bare
connoted youreelves--cleacend from the mountains which
von have atoms as the retreat of your cowardice. Hasten to
Ijoin site *forks: kiss those heads which still reek with the
• blood of the bends of your church, your patriarchs, your
arch-priests, anti your innocent brethren whom they have so
.ialitimanly butchered. Yes; run to purchase slavery with
the price of your blood—with the sacrifice of the honour of
your wives and Tinian's. But you, images attic true Greeks,
'of the sacred battalion, who have been betrayed awd aseri.
„greitfur the deliverance of your country, receive from me
the Moult/14f your people. Monuments will soon render
your mimes immortal. The names of those Mends who
have retnaiued faithful ever to nie arc engraved on my heart
'in rhametra• of Ore. Their memory shall he the only
eirevoist ion of sty soul. I abandon to the contempt of men,
the jostler of Pruvidence, aud•the wialedietiou of their
rousit,,nieu,,tnrse perju edtraiors. Kamitiari Sabas, Disks',
Bassilens palls., &orgies Manor, who have
deserted t-,.,t0 the army awd who have been the first authors
of its dtssulutipu ; the Plionariote Gregurius Sotto,
the Plostisreote awl reseal 'bicolour& Sheri. I also erase
flolfi the list of my CJlllpilliOUS Ile arias Ratifies-Karel/les,
tau ut cou.st of ha isolsoripluie •u.I improper essiedtu4.
"ALEXANDER YPSILANTI."
" Rintuirk, June Vt."

fOIaIGIV lATELANKATE.

PARIS PAPERS.

HERNAISTA DT, JULY 2s.
(Palma from, u private letter./

If we no.y judge Gum the extraordinary move-
, sumits of troops, and the unimitel ruined (insolence
a Man id of all kind., ilme commencement of hos-
Wilier cannon he very remote.. My next letters will
probably announce to you the ar.ival of the EIH.
peroi Alexander, ut the head-quarters of the army
fete Path. Sr are moseured he is exi-ecied every
day, mind that after a review the tinny will move
f4mair.i. After having reviewed the army of the
.ifframi. awl:011rd in the environs of Wilua, the
AMiteror will repair to the ariuies of Generals
,Yeraitmluff aisol Count Wittgenstein. ',hove effec-
tivelswer is estimated at 190,000 men, with a large
loom of artillery. Time number of the datmporenbi
It mossian ertoniam eanapletely equipped I. cafeiatatrA
.O,AMNRot? pesetoi test ol4vantie-gWitrd alone li 89.44,0
. .
