Ills4tßte AL PRALA.

An incident of a mein-dramatic comic descrip-
tion) occurred lately •during the rewrrseinstion of a
vaudeville, entitled Le iliariage de Starr:at, at the
theatre des Celestine, in Lyons. Made moikelle
Marigny, who appeared in the character of Alava,
was received on her entrance with murmurs and
prolonged shouts of laughter, the pit tlto►►ght the
tigureof the actress, which is rather clumsy, and
her indistioct declamation, too strongly contrasted
,with the portrait which history has drawn of the
charming Almon, who inspired passion at the age of
•eighty. Mademoiselle Maniple who doubtless
did not participate in the senttinents of ti►e pit on
the point in question, came forward and said in an
.emphatic tone, winch was rather ludicrous, "Gen-
tlemen, I see I have not the good fortune to please
you ; I am sot smite:owed to this uproar; t shell
.retire." At these words the modern Itinon with-
.eitew with gestures expressive of 'ogee and indig-
nation. One might have said it was Corialanas pro-
nouncing the celebrated, " Farewell, Rome, I de-
port." The audience did not approve the little pee-
pshows of the great actress; Inert& were heard from
all sides of the theatre, and it was loudly demanded
that Mademoiselle Marigny should come forward
and make her excuses on her knee.. Bernard Leon,
the hero of the evening, represented to that powers of
the pit th.t Mademoiselle Marigny deserved some
indulgence as a woman ;some replied, no regard was
due except to the fair sex. The tumult was in-
creasing, when Bernard Leon thought of commenc-
ing his part ; and as the audience were very well
pleased in listening to him, Le Manage de Starron
was quietly celebrated, and the elation of the
contract were heard in sileoce. But when the piece
was concluded, Mademoiselle Marigny was again
called for amidst loud uproar. The Sub-Manager
stated that the actress had escaped, that the 1.111110.
cities were in pursuit, and that she should be
punished. The public were not satiofied with this
explanation, some persons affirmed that Mademoi-
selle Marigny had not left the theatre, and that the
Manager had said what was not the fact. During
this conference between the pit and the actors, the
stage was taken possession of by a great number of
person., and the theatre was not evacuated at one
o'clock in the morning. However, the most ardent
at length became tired of waiting for the fugitive or
concealed actress, and every body departed. Made-
moiselle Marigny was arrested the next day at her
own house, by the authorities and conveyed to
prison. We know not whether she intends to make
her appearance again at the theatre des Celestine,
and whether, in that can, the public would cm.sent
to pardon her fault without the most humble
apology,—(French Paper.)

Letters, it is said, have been received from Alex.
am:his, in Egypt, and which have been communi.
cated to Government, that the Grand Seignior has
gives t • the Pachs of Egypt the Island o Cyprus,
Irons winch the most beneficial effects are slow ex-
pected to arise. About two-thirds of this fine
island, which lies at present waste, is to be brought
into cultivation.
New York papers have arrived to the 4rl of June.
They state that the leading points of the Treaty with
France had been settled, and that its duration would
probably be for eighteen month., on terms of re.
mprocal equality. These papers contain accounts
from Buenos Ayres to the end of March. The po-
litical state of affairs was becoming more stable, and
commerce was resuming a more safe and permanent
state. The last 'deices from Chili and Lima, re.
ceived at Buenos Ayres, represented their markets
bad, and money scarce.
• We understand that a subsCription is likely to
be set on foot in behalf of those Greek families ren-
dered destitute or sold to slavery in consequence of
the Turkish atrocities at Scio. It will sorpeise no
one to hear that the lewd is to be taken by a sect
which has ever been es ranch distinguished by acts
of charity as by exertions is favonr of human liberty
and happiness—we mean the Society of Friends.
But the warmest sympathy for the unfortunate suf-
ferers is rapidly spreading in every part of the com-
munity, cannot fail, when the path is pointed
out, of belt% awakened into active benevolence.—
f Su-ochry Peper.l
At the latter end of this reek there will be an
iDffes of money into the nanrket much larger than
has ocemired for a long period, since, inderendeutly
of the dividends, there will be the whole claim of
the dissentients to the plan foe reducing the Navy
S per Cents.
' The reports which hate alternately prevailed in
'Westminster nail of Mr. ALMANDER, Mr. MN..
'TON, Mi. WAnnew, and Mr. Serjeant Hum.ocx.
•being appointed to a judicial seat in the Court
of Exchequer, are all premature. Mr. Baron
WOOO Its. soot resigned, and it is now determined
doe• not resign for the present. On the contrary,
he goes the ensuing Northern Circuit, nod Mr. Jas.
nee BATLEY, who had rhosei, that Circuit, takes
the vacant place on the Oxford, which had been re-
served fur the intended new Baron.

' thrulediately on the termitiotion of the preseut
'sifting@ irithe Courts at Westminster, the erecti in
'et the intended new Courts will comuseace. In
•
consequence of alterations Fruitemolated iu the
Court of Exchequer, the hulloes@ of that Court will
be transacted elsewhere. and for that purpose a
short Act of Psrltrutent will be iuttoduced during
the present Session.

The church at Hungetford wits !strip broken
into, ■nd the pews robbed of a number of l'ra)er-
boti,
The 1;1. - bholted

-AUX SWSPAPERII.
_morns. put,.
at Humes ',Euler the title of IVolizie del Giorno,
his in one of its last numbers an article which fur-
nishes some curious details relati►•e to public jour
mils or gazettes. It is coniesded that daily papers
are not no ioventiou of modern times, but that
papers similar to ours existed daring the time of
the Roman Republic, under the titles of Acia
Diarna, Ada Urtir Populique, Tabula Dealbeita.
In support of tins assertion the writer of the article
quotes souse fisgmeirts of one of the latter, in
witch it is stated, among other things, that on the
thisd-of the calends of April, during the conrulship
of Ellll.lus, a shower of stones (serclitts) had Pallet
in the neighbourhood of Veii. He otoerves also,
that CicKito, in his letters to his Mends, maker,
freqtieut mention of this hied of publication.

_ ___-.

_~-~~,
