I
;

as she was by dangers. He was old enough to recol-
lect that disesteem period of our history, the cod of the
American war ; sad be remembered that Lord North talked
a great deal about his anasess. When be was taunted by the
able statesarew whir were apposed to his, he said, " 1 took
the beta is a slows, and I will trot quit the vessel while she
_

which distioggiebed Ware said, and, be might add, +lib that
hitter shades, which wima entirely his own, replied. " Tree
it we a eNegsj spaa ghee, rPiles awl' a 14'6,4 ale "Me;
oak to the gyred • sod them seams the little paltry Wit.
low that testsbuties:aldertelle WIMP Odds ewe, Masi. of wadi
sod calls its pliability Grilliellill." `M• Vitt SSW Iffirdios
of the pelmet day—they shifted- edlli Mon oneyfigig. sigdt
and deomiiested • their pliability lberosessi-41Lort mid
?spooled! chastity )—Tbsws • Ilholetere would, adorer
to rapport thrisalval la rower 'by the oildresorni ; be
lithew not how to teem .themi‘ • they salted thesoneare
She toys I nom .—( Loorkkr.).—Try &dared these ernes
Mils exclusively loyal. He hear oat whether there wait
o• or Oiliest in the room • if there were. be wash particularly
adder, biased to therm.—(Apphisere.)—What did their
loyally erre in ? Why Ili rowing op Addressee is "holm
nod • earsers."—(Lemrktdri--Thase • Ittiaresore served IS
owed the cetera of file Oildirt Gaisettb; sod. he giourely
radon Madmen erosions conmesither as .spentlog the
arse of the entialry. iiM• into/ ray.—(Latrider Jo-Of whet
description weratllkat eseretly Loyal Geittlemele? They were
very well deacribed by soabbratedirielibwrieter. as "eon
who Made is loyalty. abilillestrat the Mae-4 Zelleghter)
—They newer lam their Orb in 'trade'; they carded It to
o good market. If year •adliell AIM atria 0 her yew a
Aral Ilene r he wriaM IsPitsgArly driallis, w'l yes a loyal
rah, tleiroltd to M Mlociiiirsiddanmebefir lan you gar
ties jar Seinflrod rawaisil-MON/faby, OM said ." As?:
you loyal Illwitaidoer Tbe smodatordblebbet'm Oh, me
—A
• kerell# lb. meebesulirsorSOMNl.%-(Mash'ilsorfebr.)
.—Aied ail woo, MEW ollabiltbayal mss essid Mk mire
laseeediblarrefaoral SAM Illelheiiisti Mil oftheir barley, be
wisola gillituf op lir --ftidly allopilir, sad lip out—
" Illsordloo isoglareereN b ail saybspilliy"—(Loorkter.)--
Metrild mot, hoiburght, sew, Me ollerma baser, onto by
merwerig his oredilentots id theleiesiloo or Parliaseentery
Meters. Mom his last arsine ism. mobile Nov. be Oh the
rarity of a reheat is der Causenons House of Parliament.
sad every year vire .Mill orloisni had beam, mare Amity
rooted is his ailudootarif EASME-11 was a grataw
which hod romplu‘the iselemilow of wry arrest stateb
meth dringirilater reign eferorge 1111. A- writer, speak.
Mg of thiooMbiskoser mom ago, .b..... 4, that m Partit-
ions/try Malhose tooirtho *dog tarry of tord'Obethani, and
the eolith eilintotinr..Pitt." .He word ally ray, that the
lamirof Load Chatham had newer been paid, and the virgin
ahollmfbittoorine• maw ablation, bevies behead it no
InosodirOMMlllty....(tiorsglibr.)--Hie Liweleldp coastguard
bfr orrice of andirinim,.ewArtairig the diffe-
ed
sowamised is his Spoillicsail so Adams to his
M diem .11derforaideg the Address, hie
ilmillimendrigerateloi Ibileine's name from
,•. the 1, . d alremormiteorailideba aniessAveried with
Mb !ALM. Warriiiamm;oll air ereeth, seconded Ms
Waistline said Address. • • •- - •
Lord Hot:4WD thee eartibrerard, and addressed the ea.
tenthly in a sporeb equall Vilbertable for eloquence, argu.
omit, sod feeling; hat. we regret to say, the extreme
lateens ofehe hes r Me from giving even in outline.
His Lordship compliambied the High Sherpa on his public.
spirited eosiduct,•residered peculiarly remarkable as it was by
the very illissiesda calm which more pliant ludividuals
is other counties had. thought- proper to pursue. He
hod, hr observed, signed the requisition, became he
conceived that the croft could alone be saved by a
hold - exprossiou of the voice of the people ciamiling
from great public meetings. The proceedings against the
Queen had been for a long period the great bar to the con.
wieteration de abject. Intimately corected with the drat
interests of tbe country. In order that those interests should
be considered, It was istetesery, is the Grit instance to pa
'se: an extinguisher eltogetbrr en those odious proceeding..
Hew was that to be done? By the voice of the people. It
was for them to crapaand it. He always thought that the
promodiags nolo& the Queen were or oply sooreessary.
bet -would prove useless and iojieriows to the beats interests
of the country. He thought eu once; sow he boar it.—
(Greed appionse)—By those proceeding. the Crows had
suffered ; by theis the people had suffered —(A
litieriug many weeks previously to th•ir cam
discusdon of the subject had ocespied the ottadiesi iif Par.
fitment, cad rose if Ole earnings of the could ob.
Sala the least aioasen ~t's eensideret .)--The
bairns of the country had been NM
was &Headed to bet this hnsioaso—anddirerMierse which
he had always thought unnecessary; he if ail fie charges
had bees true, there could have ben se drew tare ern try
from the passing of them by noproeeeseed; mmlimelar was
the progenitive from saving the hamar of the Crotirsktiot
the charges, if true' applied only to a period there years be.
fore the illustrious Lady came- to the theme. He begged
new to call their *Minion to lie resswas fur which &toss
well as many others, bad gained the variation. They
were, is the Rest place, to declare their upisisa as to
the country being in • distressed mate. They were
to esaider, in order .to Lino a Tara* opinion,
the doinntie and foreign prospects of the coostry. Time
was too much remiss to believe, that while we were nerved
in inquiring juts, the conduct of a lady lad years okl, oad
lie years since, the homier of the cosamy aimed bird bees
committed, he could almost any, le a cabal or conspiracy of
Monarchs who interfered with the rights and wishes of in-
dependent isations.—(Grad applaver).l..His noble relation
bad said of the Italians, that there were among them met
of aa high honour as in any adios in the wuthl. This be
believed. hi Naples Ic knew there were men of the highest
honour. There he hail seen men aseert their rights, gad eli-
de to improve their goverainer...-(Sheide elf oriploore.)
Could they fail to feel the gamest iediguation-if else shilling
were taken out of their packets to briog back this outuete-
ease people to slavery ?.—(4lreat appraise )—He would my,
that he believed Ministers, dad not wish kw such an attempt.
He believed they world rather eadeagoor to peewee* it. But
they had delegated their powers to a cabal, when, es the '
Address well repeated, the will of the tyrant wax reel
thing, mod the will of the people nothing. It was therefore
es
atm) that they should agree is an Address which dere-
cased a bloody war minims' the liberty of any other pekoe.
Another topic nieutimed is the Regulative, was a lure of
Me mach importance that he could -not be expected to go
late mach detail respecting it. In the few ohseremioas he
should make epos it, if say unguarded word should fall
from Moms, he hoped ey and the loyal people of Hoagland
would sot Calawirs• it Situ any tiring more thaw he really
esurea. The .object he •Ilmind to was Reforms in Perlis.
ours.—(ApphtradaY--Tu the priecipte et Parliaiscidasy Re-
fers, he had always been a feared, tbough its mare eager
firmed' might perhaps call him a lukewarm (dead
Hat he was sot likely to be lukewarm on city subject
that interested the people.—(timense opplars.)—He could
use say dist he was an auqualified (stied of Etruria till be
keret what drat reform really was. In saying that he was
out an isequalified (tired 44 reform, he mama to say that
be bad sell seen a Culaprtlicaaire eclair of reform, that
would, is his opinion, promote the liberty of the waste,
which would always he his (Dialect...4n the preheat taper-
minuted Aide of-rnot • this ralaa/COS of libiaCistiatil-11.4
the wealth or castrated( the people--rot coy thing which
Okay fiee.h to ilioiders—but, to the present Nate of know.
ledge. be did sot say that an additional weiglettif popular
infiltrator in the Commove' Hawse of Barlausend was not
desirable.—(Apptglarg)—Frons the conduct of that House,
and from the holmium which its conduct had iireseiting the
dieters. and digruatest of all clarets of the people, ha would
now say that Refuges was micel4ll/).—(Grfat appisom.)—
As he always thueglit it desirable, he eon thought it re.
cessary.—(.4pplaum.) —He had never einisiefeeed al what was
called a panache. He now did 'husk it becevary, in order
to ribtain sad recur. a fair administration of the Gusien-
meet —(Loud gad coal jaw( cheers )—He trusted, i keret...re,
he should be eimai.tere it a (dna, sad on lukewarm-freed, to
such a Reform as be thought beneficial. He had now only
In thank 11. ti for the attention they bad strewn. he Ilse
(loam of his politic life he had seldwsu are.. a public day that
had given Ilisla more satisfaction. If say" thing could have
added to the pleasure he derived from the appearance and
coaduct Or that meeting, it was the manner in which they
had tic-need his Noble Friend and 'native. Dios -he had
heave, and that great good mau—(C/mers)--Itie brother,
