OF LONDON OE SZ*4L -PI.IOION SOC /ET Y .
This Society was established is the year 1818, whets an address
leas ult.& to the public, who wen entreated to set all inatitu-
• WO which bad for its object the relief of the aged and distressed
• or his widow, who did not receive parochial
The wale pensioner' were to receive five shillingsand
the Itinalts three.
the subscription is twelve shillings per annum, and five guineas
• il.Lattori constitutes • Governor for life. Thus, though the allow.
at.t.e was scanty, the subscription was small compared with other
. atarinible institutions. The 2Zith Rule of the Society then and
noe eublished, with the address and list of subscribers, says,
'' That all offices (the Collector's excepted) be discharged gra.
e. 'y.
Vila is one of the most material Rules of the Institution,--one
.on which it was goundwl, and which, no doubt, is &principal reason
ohy 'his charity has increased so much in public eatimanon ; but
. this Rule is now to be abrogated to make way foe a grant of two
:.Ideed guineas a-year to the "!Honorary Seetetary.
v. " Now, bow
re the Directbes of this Charity agree to such a misapplication of '
ti.itutAlt, after baying entered into a solemn contract with the
. ikiliseribers that " all the offsets should bedittharged gratuitously?"l
In the Address to the Public, the Directors say, " In the ma.
vagernent of this institution the mot rigid economy is observed,
t.cnt theconviction that the less which is expended, the more will
be given to the poor. With the exception of the Collector's,
every office is discharged gratuitously, and the unwearied at.
tuition of the Directors is constantly applied to the distribution
of the Society's bounty and the advancement of the Society's
fords; its plans preclude the possibility of the funds being Damp-
roptiared.. '
Can this salary of 200 guirete a-year, which it is intended shall
take place from ,Midsummer, 1821, be considered rigid economy,
a-d advancing the:Society's funds ?on the contrary, will it not
evince tie public that its plans have not precluded the possibility
of tLet,tml:. b, in g misappropriated ?
But now a word as to the ain't to be produced on the funds :
'ft it 200 guinea.: a-year is equal to the increased pension now al.
ed. it five shillings a week to sixteen poor women, and will
tberefire annually prevent sixteen poor women from receiving the
benefits of *his charity : there were no less than ninety-one candi-
d&tes, mole and female, at the last election is April, and only fit:
TaCalicics.
How can this " Honornry Secretary," whatever his situation In
I.te may be, consent to take from the funds of the Institution the
Arm et 20 &hens a year? is it in accordance with the prin.
%irks with width he commenced the office, or with his annual pro-
ertatieos This salitry-wouhl have been agreed to last Amil but
Ste the opposition liven td It by a very worthy individual, who in.
ratted that the whole body of the subscribers should he made
acquainted with it, so that it now stands over until the first illonday,
In Oftetwr tt!ie 4th), when the job Is to be completed if possiblei
tut it is earnestly hoped that the attempt will be counteracted by a
full etteridance of the subscribers to proceed to a ballot, if neces-
sary. 'file following is the statement of the expenditure:—
FROM JULY, 1823, TO JULY, 1821.
s. d.
Stationary, fix. . DV 6 6
rusteges, Messengers' Ss-
- . 141 17 7
e: ore' Poundage -

433 4 I

A

.v aid the propot.ed viary to the liororiTy
S. CT( I y. . 210
t. I:teteaatll expene.,ture for printing, &r. .
I S. c. for oilier of business - 100

eta 4 1
F future the annual expetilliture will be upwards of
VERITAS.

CATHOLIC MEETING AT CORK.

( Entin the 7, 7 7,71 7i• • Journal.]
This .I.tv (August 34.), a meeting of the Catholics of Cork was
held at (.lay's-lane Chapel. A more crowded or respectable meet-
i. g tom took place within the walls of that sacred edifice. The
troot E.. iikiics were filled with ladies of the tint respectability ; the
bed) of the chapel was thronged long before the appointed hour of
the:hng. Mr. Shed, who paid his first visit to this city, was ex-,
peo: at the meeting; great anxiety was manifested to hear, tor,
Li:: Mat time, a gentleman, whose brilliant eloquence has raised his
tame so high in the opinion of his country.
About two o'clock Mr. O'Connell entered the Chapel, and was
it es.ved will the leudent expression of applause. Mr. Shell shortly
alter arrived ; his person was unknown almost to all present, but
when his name was announced, he was greeted in a manner which
Lunt have been very battering to his feelings.
C:IANLEII Soriano, Esq. was called to the Chain In the
cerertie of a sensible and animated speech, this gentleman called the
attention of the meeting to the object for which it was assembled
the principal object, he said, was to promote the collection of the
Gattiolic Rent.
FTErIIEN COMPINGER, Esq. Barrister at Law, Secretary to
the Catholics of Cork, read a list of the various sums collected in
the evuety and city of Cork, in the shape of Catholic Rent. The
Lamed tientlemth then proceeded at some length to dwell on the
ehjects of the Rent. It inspired confidence in the breasts of the
Irish peasantry—it gave them the certain hope of protection—its
practice.] utility was demonstrated on more than one occasion, at
the investigation at Enniskillen, and at the memorable proceedinp,
at New Rms. (Applause.) Thei Learned Gentlemen said that be
werall not long detain the meeting with observations of his own, as
there were present somediatingukhed gentlemen, who, no doubt,
would give the benefit of their observations to the meeting Pas
Leotlemen attended there for the first time. His Learned.Frlead
soeuld, he knew, scarcely forgive him, but he could not forbaw
beeeing his attestation to the high qualitirt of his mind and heart—
t.: his oznerous and devoted patriotism—to his powerful eloquent*
—the sot eintoar of his genius—and the admirable purposes to which
..t. th.• : cptaiities were devote!.
Air. O'Cois NELL., cf Bantry, said, that in his part of the coun.
tie the people raid most cheerfully the Catholic Rent; there never
war any measure proposed which the country so cordially embraced.
'Joe individual, indeed, threatened his tenantry ; he told them that
Or etcry penny they contributed to the Catholic Rent, he would
make them pay a guinea. (Cries of name, name.) Mr. O'Connell
R,:1.1 he heal no objection whatever to name the individual, if the
tucenng litigated on it; far the presents however, he would rather
decks to do so. He bad to doubt of the fact; he was glad that
that paltry threat was held out, because it gave a fine opportunity
to the potpie to evince a manly spirit. Of all peeple in the neigh.
bantioo I of Bantry, the tenants of the individual in question were
most active, and most liberal in their contributions to the Catholic
hand. (Applause.) When Ale. O'Connell sat down,
Mr.bust in was loudly called for. Mr. Shell obeyed the call s
Cite Learned Gentleman rose and said, that he tilt himself greatly
eaepreesel by the toy high, unqualified, and undeserved praise,
e : n'e his friend Mr. Coppingcr had poured upon hits. His friend
la d gene to a very extrungant length in his eulogium—aod had
comedy given a better proof of his good nature than of his judg-
ment. Ale, Shed said he had visited for the first time this tuagni•
ticent city—he beheld with admiration its noble river—ba spacious
l.srbotn—the lofty hills that rose around it, in which the beauties
i of entire were enriched and adorned by the art and industro of
than. As he passed through their streets, he heard with delight
:h 3 1:1V1: 11:1111 of as active and laboutious. people; but no spectacle
t .n. I. 'had seen inspired hint with so much pleasure. or raised his
mind aoel I cart so much as the meeting before him. That meeting,
a SLUM( TAMS mid so respectable, continued all that he had heard a
t::.: ritthe spirit of the people of Cork. He net see how it was
ih.salble ion any 90,4SOINCIN much longer to resist the just claims
of a p.mple so united sod so ardent in the cause of their country.
Of all the measures which had been proposed or adapted, the mea.
bum of the Catholic Rent was the most beneficial ; the people was
indebted for that measure to one, whose whole lite had been a ski.
trans, ce....• elms struggle for the happiness and liberty of his coon.
try— (meat applause)--cue whom-fie should always feel pleasure,
daid Wire than it:mount. a condoles and sincere pride, le calling
ins fri. nel—of course lw meant Mr. O'Connell. (Veheireet cep.
pcause.) To him tae country was indebted for the 11/C4SIITC of the
Citho'ie Rent —and it the services of twenty-five years mull be
th.gea en—if the honotweble and persevering exertions, winch dur-
ing that long period of life he bad mule, were to be erased from the
memory of his ementryutea, still would this sine measure justly
entitle lihn to the lasing gratitude of Ireland. lb: Catholic Rene
iron in various ways, eminently beneficial, but in nothirg so
n,urh as in the very Mat of its oollectioc—it called forth the
vey.•ton, the opinion of what was called the lower sale: of the
free-
dot gate their: the opportuoity of refuting the h 1194.: ate.
• ideas' calumny, that they were indle'event about the free-
dot of their country. Toe Learned Gentkrian, in a strain of in.
4401 ' • g cloqtteace, exnmed this Omni'. charge; he said that the
roil meanest mechanic in Er1e...041 regarded with the fondest 1
re the ovetnotion of his country. What, t. hat, though he w
9. t# of rroperty —though he had not the length of hhniself at'
fttound to repose to. in life, en to cover him in death—yet he bore
steno him the most ineeluable el all posseseiors—he was tenant.in
errs:l,lcm with ha proutlest Lords, to the liberties of England..
d- et loose.) Was it to be said that the sensitive and intelligent
prisitat of Ireland was deed to those rights which his English
oeinhbones so ardent!, and so justly prised, or that the degrada.
rem of thin: country was no sourced regret to them? The Learned
t. eel .inen, in cm:minion, took occasion to say, that he beheld with
mach satiefaction so many Catholic women attending that weedier.
'free attended, tie hoped, from Man., much more respectable l'
tom these of mere curiosity : their pow.= to do good was almost
beeond belief. They could form same idea of what they could 1
ett-NA when they looked to what had hem already done by Preter-
ite'. women. Those ladies, full of the enthusiasm and energy of
the r sex, had collected in penny subscriptions three hundred thou.
%sal pounds. If those ladies, in the cause of modern—and he
w e..io any fantsstic religion—could effect so much, what might
r. n be expected hove the women of Ireland, in a cause where the
ineenots of their country was so deeply eoncerned—the cense of
their lathers, their brothers, their. husbands—the cause of them-
eche*. Fur, though women cannot hold places of honour and I
criolurnect in the seats, yet the lame which station gives is not
'esslino- o- - to because it is reflected upon het through''
:a connexions of life. Ile did not know
could be emancipated or not—lie did n.,t
tined Friend next him 01r. ()'('onnell)
iberty for which he had so long struggled,'
there were .people to live after them, and
.gull to go down to their graves with nothing'
epitaphs, yet :hey would give to their children
eaersiens, rend leave to them the light of their
' fivadeuan sat down amid the enthusiastic

.ext addreakd the asKmbir.. and at great
the Tar.lllll 0.je..-t• of the Rent.
Mr. ()'Connell and Mr.
. a rot? of !livaii t? /EC laick W. Conway,
in Asseciati9n.

!Ip. toe lass dazzling. apast
tu die ne..diu of: the deam
• 4 whrther the Catholics we
know whether his Lain
would ever enjoy that It
but be that as it migbt, i
1: they should be obliged
Inv slavery for their epha
the b.nicfit of their taertil
example. The Leunsell
ay cruse of the rowan.
Mr. O'Coturitt.i. or:
laigth be dwelt upon the
Thanks were toted to :
Mr. Boleti propoed
Stn. on his suture to di:
