that a poet of the public Idea, A. :the insitakits
II"lit rem, had thrown some ilrierhts 'respecting
this lay's Meeting, mid had 'sent forth a litoteeitent
that it had been, postponed saes die. Re also la.
seese.led, that one of their friends in the press had
neatritilianOekthe Mega liitionded rumour,* fOr he
eshaervell the 'NUMB* kende in Mr. Woofer's
Slick Ostelrf of.-thieA9j:- ought i .
' ?COLIC MBRitINGS. fi. That say roared loss Dodo she people's chiles of Ropeee'
ta Ores ore grow violatiorel iff their rights. . .- . •
Theisohlie Neill ithitionloCell•ltm IL•Soltlerts ifttlalrilkl 1e"..;.. -I,,Niiiiihe view ip ,s,,crwv,ye to the Rl)riylbeart of n
ft"'
liuditil." ......ithel`na-71W71.....t edisk...i.4°-14c:--"L. foll mid fasolikotitrefreisvehisei ttf *oohed Patelieuramsblwt
cots,. ant at.e........ ra.-mr.. r ---- -•- .Hall,
__,. -- v_._ ~..Asaii_..• mg 5t,,,,4,,,dmit0i,,,,,,A, sod .001.1111107 40
only mai, perhs'iw, "An *mild "Mae with effect et 118.elo a ""t 7er.
_. "crier .:....ts,
awl iii„jes
of
.406
0.0444„.
Meetiog. But tie Meat
le that mother Meeting.bal Itreset_YeSoe ,Iw •I t
hems convened for Ms &Y in Bmillffeld, al *hie,. tic. Wat.
eda.all Th.kweialtarilmitipersotiitsirwhoveisipppr these claims nitilld to be
anvils
to.neettde'telheliallitece9lltit Clart***W.l6.l". cars.
.9. That Oda iMeetiog'fterateim daft vesamite the Otlariple
'ia."ll')lnwe he"
ine".4' Iles
**if he11."4.6.41 h"Pr.*' laid alownhydeolge ilimhateme, 14•Phatimaistanee tooppees,
risk on the occasion. It is doe eo Mr. llionil, thatittieldoet.
Mos iiro,a,Zurestiiwittnaaseieverl rigovhtywaldcreohiritsheo peeplete,rmseossueos 2.eiwolled
hie sistiald he deferred, mild it* is enabled In pemideollist
ch:=l.lltibeiListhisirhitei..n.dol;kiemeeZiesms at' hi, remtepimi.,hetifirs.gtilitee Ill.ililEdidbert. tee and happiness are impudently and indecently
she law sin sinsihse way. "I"ei"ls"histstlYsisie tats
' sO. That the petiple are themost proper judges *km their
situation in which Mr. Hoot his been piked i alld'Or.
are inovan.denektowryshimiatheysymeareeiaidirunimortssim.to extremity, and.
Wilson, is justice, might to rearrve for MA. is mower gr.: rwieate
the insult e offered tuition, dee pride and satisfaction nf meet. Ma they got
9 That Ms Meeting held tiered the carer` piedoloa
Mc the ainiembled Mystifier*, of the metropolis ; *bile the
ad' wisdom of their forefsdoers, in foreseeing Niive was.
formally constituted hair+, st present, dU their duty It eon-°farces nerds Masi comatt," slid as that tyrnots•wese IV I.
demising the wardurt IstedeitiOs commits/eel at Manchester,
*fleet nobly emu:med.
_by Ti. Bill of Rights the right the
and endeavouring to obtain fir them legal redress. West-
in their pommaion.
osinster will take the lead. Sir P. Burdett has appealed to people phlltaiene an
cenrdanee with this right, so seeorod by the •
them ii, language which mast produce an electric elEret upon
Bill of Rights, it is • hoonilen duty which avers, nomowee
every unvitiated heart. Major Cartwright folly agrees with
to his own libeety, to that of his children, and to posterity,
us
in the "en." of postponing this herein[
eniii
114
to rovide himself with such arms as he mats nil
best
"oat
ran
attarna'
to
take
the Chile. Ilte fu"°°itig "le
adEP ed to the security of his own person, sad die lives and
was written by the Major, in answer to a request fur his
li
b
.piiies
of
hi.
teushirmn.
opinion oil the eubjeci a.... It. That the popsession of arms by the people would
" DeVa dace-I'f it be true that any steps have hewn Oren tend is preserve pvblic peace, as hinter.' from the history of
towards the bolding of amidst+. Maciag in Smithfield, on former times, 'atm all Englishmen were armed, and when
Weilumday neat, as from ydur mite of this afternoon you the
people respected order and the property of their oriels•
aresn to undenitand is intended, I can have so hesitation in hours as inviolate as at this day, when they have criminally
seyine, that, under the circumstances which now exist, it I neglected to avail themselves of this right, secured tether's
were very desirable that such Meeting should nut at present • I by one of the great charters of the land.
be Mildest; and Ism streagihened la this iapioion from the It Tim this Meeting, with 'arrow and indignation, con-
cA"'""s """" lb"' as matte" sow staid, the entillie. °I. demo the coadtact of the Magistrates and, yeomanry cavalry
Parliamentary Rers4llll have given the friends of that mew. of Masseliester. for. the unprovoked atlaCk apes the peace-
ewe so great an advantage over theist, that it would be ex- able people, legally awletritiled on *OM instant, as ems!,
tirmely unwise to call the Meeting yen understand to be in barbarous, and vindictive , • sad miaulsienive of the people's
. .
contemplation, least mischievous persona should contrive to rights and liberties.
produce a tumult, or any confission *filch could possibly be I 13. That this Meeting, in behalf of the people of the
raid at the door of the Frieodsof Reform. whole empire, solemnly calls upon the Prince Regent, and
" tours' Ike' ° JOHN CARTH.HIGHT• the proper authorities of Govetuntent, to take immediate
" 37, Burton Crescent, August 2'!,1818." measures to try the *mistral«, sad yeomanry for their lives;
. and Ort ateeediet of guilty, to consigns them to condign
Sorely the people had sense, and could judge for
theumelves upon such subjetts. They had judg. "1"41.2 finheant .we commiserate, with the most acute feelings,
meat enough, he was persuaded, to regulate and with the honest suffering people; and condole, in sorrow,
!overt) their own proceedings, and they did slot with the survivors of our """" • and mangled country-
wunt
.gratuitous *monitors. It was • little singithir , folks.
that the venerable Major should have written Ibis 15. That the people of the United Kingdom of Great
note. alien they would recollect that he (the Chair-
wEirtitiadilousami:dfulrrell.asnol are invited to commence immediate sub.
e relief of the sufferers, and to provide le.
tossed attended at the Crown and Anchor Meeting gal aid fur the incarcerated friends of Reform.
last Saturday, and read as audibly as lie now 18. That Mr. Birt, No. 8, Little Ruseelhstreet, Covent.
spoke, the placard of the requisition, convening garden, linen-draper; Mr. West, opposite Somereetairise,
the present Meeting. The venerable Major made fitjaend,ewit.ikren-owwornkirear:ribultrs.r?files,ndoWyncha-ratereet, baker;
so nwsittoh
no objection whatever to it, and therefore hi. ob. I
proper psi
o leilirewrittelcrint' , conjointly with Major Cartwright, al.
aervations upon it now must appear very sitioularl reedy appointed Treasurer.
he was, however, a man very far advanced in i 17. That the Thanks of this Meeting are dee to Henry
Beare, and his memory 'must 'of course he con- i Bunt, Esq. for his manly, prudent, and heroic conduct,
eitierrd trescherous; but Mr. Woofer's could i upon llllrneruus trying occasittna,ili it hisfr endeavour acvositr
firm,
()Wane:
not lie considered so, for he was • person in the ;temtzle:,:d:r;,;,.vaiiiiidusestoPenemisadoyn the dayl :f°the brain
prime of life and manhood, and must have heard of Reformers, held sit Manchester on the 16th instant.
the notification of this Meeting hailed with card i 18. That the Isocline rep tried to have been need by one
by the large assembly at the Crown and Anchor.- of the Judges of the land, nu a late occasion, in his charge
Mr. Woofer had as it were slightingly alluded to to the Gaud Jury, was ilisgracefid to him as ausau and an
the le'ller of Mr. Woodford 1 but that loom man,
Engliehman-aa polluting the seat of Justice with prejudice
and partial (relines-as inciting one part-of the people in
who was now in custody, was as honest and honour- I array themselves in arms egainst another part, intruding
able a nom as Mr. Wooler himself. -(Applause.) peaceably to assemble fur a feral purpose.
He (the Chairman) would be as tender as posasible i 19. That time ',write echo of she Grand Jury was an mi.
with Mr. Wooler-but Mill he must say, that this deuce, with various other documents which have lately up-
tebaerretrilebes
ofurriehteheiambrbien,glantdainc
industries people.
cuss against the
oas not the first time that Gentleman had discoati- :
trounced the public meetings of the people.- 20. That we hail, with the most lively feeling's the spirit
(Cries if “ We don't mind, we shall mtet.")- i of liberality which pervade. our Catholic brethren of Great
They were right iii persevering to meet, for this i Britain and Ireland, and all other desiontinatious of religi-
wils tio time for ally honest man to temporise—
f °l.eni:CiPlea7ple: ourselves, :at' ffiallCil 11°ii"'
niiPariterrealaltnaJ aeries
It. beer.-They must unite for the recovery o.
abilitieseare about to leave religiose
for ever British dominioss.
t ieir rights, or else prepare to lose them for ever.- I •ti. That we will never cease, but with oar lives, from
#.• in this dangerous crisis the people did not rally, demanding iii a tirim manly, and constitutional tone, from
their liberties were gone for ever--they must nip. the authorities in power, • Reform of the Commons House
port each other, and ataud or full together. If ofi.Parilir7t, Ustiversal Suffrage, Vote by Ballot, and
itieetinga of this kind were not supported, he fears. "
22. That lweenierielgier.et the Prince had been advised by his
ed that they and their clause must fall to the Ministers to lame his late Proclamation, when but a short
ground. He was happy that the people thought period previously lie might have bad the advice of the
lii this eemrect with him, or he ahould mint have the Parliament.
0,23. Thaet an
dispaniralths eun made
i too the Prince Resteistewanudtto
setisfaction of seeing such an immense and orderly nerd
11,/ assemblage now before him, calmly and legally
ite:irli**.seili'L cordially
yof the Hui e:osioghopPrPle;eirlomilu, and to slayhe
discos:4i% their rights. He would now take tear* the hlood.stained hand of wittiest., and passion, and save
to refer to a paragraph in Dr. Slop's Paper of I the country from massacre and murder.
"4,sterdsy, which went to sow disunion among 24. That every possible means be used to get the appeal
their body. He would read the extract ;it was as Into the hands of the Prince Regent, and to obtain a counter
appeal from his Royal Highness.
followe : - 211. That uwe deprecate the attempt of the Magisterial
"IsMl ri epea impossible that any of yon (meaning the o.nto ~rwi ,
tie• to prevent the assembling of the people to con.
people) who profess the Roman Catholic religion, stud live suit upon the removal of their grievance., upon their right•
on to your religion, should be among those who are alluded and liberties, as an infringerneut upon the freedom enjoyed
to by Mr. Harris; bat should any of yogi be to imprudent, by their forefathers.
!M ale requested to listen to the etch°. tat Inas of him vim= I 28. That we consider popular Meetings fur such imposes
yolk know to have been so sincerely desirous of your tem- i the best
tne means to keep up the ancient spirit of the people,
j.ur.i: rid eternal welfare, rather titan to the interested ad- without which they would sink into that slavery designed by
vice of there who impose upon your credulity for their own their enteli....
selfialt purposes, and sire fairs friends and nu Irishmen" ?I. That a Reformed Parliament would be the means of
Ile was sure of one thing, that the writer of this i breaking up ;.ast divisions--of lessening taestionL-of
paragraph was neither an Irishman nor a Catholic ; giving the people a confidence in 4/merriment-of increasing
if lie were either, lie would not desire to sow do-
itrfadesbAanatild.c """"" usercei,d.sestoring prosiperfity auddirptfunreest-he
et WOll ii 11111 l )1C those who ought to he united ; and I breve amid Ilillaelfi.i:d PHolltlimierraalr're*vriardoforP"h7: si
elrgvices, and
he mould quote against Dr. Slop another Pare- ' the meaner of comfortable insbaiatence-of preserving the
graph its the tame Paper, and inserted there for a rights amt liberties of the people, and the independence and
0,..1 y different purpose than that for Willa he would the glory of the British Empire.
fm." Quote it. It was au extract r au address of 2b That it is the opinion of this Meeting, that all limite
speak. re for Reform at tavern /deceit's, who refuse to attend
the late Father O'Leary to Lis countrymen, end soy orris-air Memoir, when solicited by the suffering pen.
was me follows:- I pie, aie uuty the pretended, tad nut the real trienda of
" Sly Brethren. I earnestly entreat you to follow the ad. 1id„,..„,.
Vico cif those aim wish VIII sell, who have your iiiteeest at .
besot, who forest c the rinager that threatens yogi, and td. Mt. Totset.r.woon came forward to second the
which yoo are ssel suitieieutor aware."
' motion fur the adoption of the Resoluti 111 l s. and was
lo these expressive words would he (the Chairman) received with cosisiderable applause. He regretted,
eddies+ this Sleeting, and entreated them to follow ' he said, the insidious memo' which hod been takes'
the solvice of those who really hurl their iiitere.t at ill tl'eulewie t", be pomponed. The insidious at-
them. mot of which perhaps they were not aufh. I the public mind a belief that this
heart, and alto foresaw the danger that threatened : meeting woour
tempt was, however, defeated by the vigilance amid
eiently aware.-(Applause.) I constancy of the people, who now 'hewed a deter.
ruination to porarvere in the tints of their rights,
it,lll,iletiCtiolitai':rwmilaitithcolitaidctdesdi
pbsyrpestartei,utt,olulrsitls)eevselori_il i by pursuing which conduct he had tin doubt they
would ultimately succeed. A nation's will could
souiuitteol to the Meeting, sold also 811 Appeal,w
! not be disobeyed ; they fool °illy to will, and then
shunt was .Yawn up for presentotiou to the Prince 1 to have those rights which had been an long unjust.
Rs oeiit.-( Applanee.l ly withheld from them.-tChrers.)-The shocking
Mr. Plit L tar. then proposed die fallowing no. scene at Manchester was (reels before their ere',
solutions, which were hied seriatim. mid hided with they could never forget it.-(Cries of " A ever,
J..arl cheer'', particularly those winch 4A...reed Its I never!")-fie hoped the people would never re-
the late proceeding. at (Manchester. and to •Mr. 1 lux in their efforts until they obtained their tan.
Hunt's conduct. These were seemed wish loud I doubted privileges. He cordially approved of all
nod con tttttt ril chipping of booths which lasted for 1 the Resolutions) and ercouttril their adoption by the
+weevil rummer. 1 Meetirig with all his lieftrt.-( Loud cheering.)
At aim *raid ',kis of public a/flirt, elte.peopie kretnisaMob 1 ThE 4.!111411111.1 If-56 Gentlemen, you have heard
ii.i. 11eei:02, consider thk ruselvericailed upon peaceably, as 1 the Remilutious read, do you wish them to bed put
bee.leo II Nllll/11*, 14 declare tlwir rights, and to appeal us I separately, or all at mire P--(Cries V. Unite, as
the Prince and to the People tit the WON' .Conpir.-, to i we we. lef thesis he pet altogether.' )-Gentleinea,
I. nile ilk• sr efforts by s yes y11011.11,11.11i011.81 Ille•Ng, is. atop lile
pruc„.. of iri",,, mu 1,1„,„ she ress,eees.n eus,sishs„ed „si, ; al it is clearly your wild' Mist they should he put
to altivilli a detethee oe.preseutation of the people, to stay I collet:110AI 1 shall proceed to do so. Those who

•
•iielolembotaisell bogie et feetibb, sod le lbw.* terietey
frees ralibteate atetris—qteurst 111011
hit-the Welt . 'Olllllllll4l
Pow? 41111.1"" lei!"
Shrikes.** owl se- he Nbertigeoo,l ibbelpreptilh
!Mese Asir peer' Ails iderseseiseg, sod
weight to be moored to at people.
L 'het all poser ens sitrivrel hefts she ten sea free vele*
• warmirr.dr..yrysr,s Wart hirgitrery aareptioal, '
grabs tote lesseraistrly rertstieetl.
