the debete, Ina said 1135 k was not a layout
merely jeatit. Thus the Government
'.'spoof of the motives t 'ant this, the
-, repeated and amp,sdied. The Law
a tight to the emigrants ; it would
Co entry for the worth ef their sold
in the accoraut at potent ewes with
dly reimbursed to them. It :a ouly a
man can demand from them a reeelm
demand the sacrifice of ao 'anew.;
•• cannot always be enforced, will, at
d the snore so trim tot medians are
or they hold. (Yes prestioc sof appro.
where is the national security for the
in. themselves, whim are the peernanti
wouldask what proprietor would s
el such mort,gagea cl onposcl sue
ty servitude and disquiet I, Thus, at the
ied the State with monstrous bunts a,
weiald
ap:cotteroilwee any of the behtfits
vq from Si. hie-therefore voted
, that the Charter sod teptesentation
the boundary wtthtn etpeclien-
oblige the pretensions of private indi.•
achobeledged as invieLble the pm-
' so that all eforleavours to oppose
,use who would make ore of it to
, themselves bOare both Chatob.os,
royal authority. The emigration had
• not justified by facts and canon.
befforre of us if one Princes had
would have hew the term of these
ambition of one man had, in latter
Without the emigration of our
.4 in 11114 to oppose to the armies ci
? The !thermion of our tecitory, the
liberties, the return of geoend peace, the
frith wt n,12 joy , are aft swing to the emi.
oz Nine*. Let nottheo a crime be
fioelity toithose elto have lust their all
reasooaMe or just thus to judge of the
, mtral interest td repair the Injuries they
to t those particular evils ;whose uecessary
we general and public evil' 31in isters wouh.i join with the
Ukraine in the discossion of the articles to tuneral the projector(
law ; but of their decision ou the fundamental principle o: project
ti a had no doubt it would be fur the project.
Dtretrssa-tiestrittiow then spoke, but on account of the
lowness of his voice we were not able to catch much, but we on.
*mood him to sty that it was ten years since the usurpation, and
in the reign of the third successor of Louis XVI., wheu they were
reduord to statnioe this question, the sovereignty of the tiara{ is
re-esmilistied, and the authors f the confiscations themselves
have only raised their power on the will of the peoples they had
serer beeu invested with legal powers; their acts then were null
to their outset ; their contracts were no more contracts than their
iodgments were judgments. The present, past, and future were not
to be confounded. '1 he Chana in the Dth Amicle says, that property
ire inviolable, not :kali be inviolably. It was not a new regalia-
UM: established for the future; it was an eternal principle of all
ages, and the first consequence of that principle Is, that the pro-
perty of the emigrants could not have been c.onfi,cated. The
rooore of public interest' which would seem to bear is such manner
as rot to lead to the acknowledgment of the validity of the sales of
=Whetted property, tends to quite • different tonclusion. In
1814, self named senators pretended to treat with their Sovereign,
instmd of receiving him as subjects. They maintained that the
revo!ution was not tennioated, but was to begin again, if their pro.
party was cot assured to them and theirs. They wan behaved,
every thing was ranted them, yet the It:volution new
meneed a year af.er. Every body knew how easy it was at
times to tenons property to its proper owners. (Agitation.)
The detainers of it prepared to deli,er it up, not thinking that
aught else could be done order the legitimate government. They
wore about themselves to meet the transaction. Alm ! nothing
was then more easy than to succeed; there was nothing more to be
done than to let things work for themselves: the business would
ban proceeded on all sides, anti the traces eveo of that evil which
they were now called upon to heal would have been effaced. We
should not have had to combat that pretended impossibility of
which the Government speaker talks. Impossibility is always en
0i1... ens itsie,,,ow Nothing so possible to weakness I every thing
is to the Oovernmer.t which teems its strength, and which oepends
epos justice. Who were in fact these acquirers, whose revolt was
apprehended? They are scattered, and without influsece ; they
could not sell, at the price of the patrimonial property, those estates
of which they are the detainers, and on the greater part of which
?night be inscribsd, as on the patter's field, the ward 'Amide:no,"
the price of blood. M. Duplessis-Grenadan coos:bided by merely
voting for the ameodmcnteof M. do Lesardieres.
31. de SALASV.RRY spoke in favour of the project of law.
N. DuroxT (de l'Eure) called the attention of the Chamber to
tilt celebrated address against the emigrants, which was voted by
the Legislative Assembly, and carried to Louis XVI. the trainer
him .aff.—(Noise.)—They all knew what 31. de Vaublane said at
that period, when the Constitution was accepted by the !Log. The
^migrants dad not veil their culpable project. Who did sot know
Mat the army of Conde was paid for ten years by the inimical
powers? The speaker concluded by voting against the project of
law.
111. de VAUSLAKc then rose, and defended his conduct, and said
that Marra and other pamphleteers of the day, anathematised him,
and the terriOle words—" We want the head of Vett:dace, with-
out write, all is lost," was uttered near the Legislative Body.
Several Members here called for the debate to be odjourued for
the morrow. It therefore broke up at half-past five.

DUTCH PAPERS.
BEEsetes, FEB. 19.
file eowtrlbutione which flow in from all quarters, for the relief
AL the victims to the late floods are very numerous. AU the letters
froth the northern provinces contain the most afflicting details.
'Fns itrendation of four Pi.lders on the Waterlend covers nearly
WOO acne of land. The dan.age done to the dike from Volle.n.
la.:oren to Buinre stereo. is est..nsted at 400.000 florins. That sue.
mood by the Isle Skokland is said to amount to an equal sum.
The subscriptions at Amsterdam exceed two 'millions of florins.
fleece are several gifts of two hundred thousand, one hundred
-thoassail, and fifty thousand Harju.
The following is f:is Majesty's Message to the Suomi Chamber
of the $ tam Oneral respectiN.rc, the inundations :
" Thienernputs which bare diarkal the bminning of Ma preset
month, and the high tides which have succeeded them, have spread
their ravages over most of the provinces of the kingdom ; every
day fredt acconnss prove that the losses and damage caused by the
olive or the dikes and the inundations are immense.
" Indust deploreble circumstances it is our duty, while we sub-
ipit with resignation to the decrees of Providence and implore its
aidt4o4dikt all possible niesns to relieve so many evils, and to re-
pair the disasters in the I romptest manner.
"The mains which he disposed for this purpose, hitherto hue
)opin immediately employed ; but to re establish sod to repair im-
portant works destined to Iteep',off the sea and the rivers, maintained
et toe expense of the kingdom, and to facilitate the re-construction
of thaw which concern the Farad prov'.nces or communes, by sub.
astljee and advances, great sacrifices will be necesesry. Undoubt-
edly it will not be in vain that we have appealed to the llerslity of
'lie Belgians to assist In re:ieving the wants of their needy country.
pp. The nntste character of the nation gives es diet pledge; bet
the immense extent of the looses will require also the grief the Go.
*moment to enable everrone to resume lets useful labours.
„t• i'lst project of law ewe/0 to the melee Alemegt, mods to
tles dlffimmt ends, and we prawn it with emirs ocrildence to your
111111 hliglishonese,. " WILLIA3I.
q.r attipsels, Felt. U. lelf." •
ebsplFieel of taw propane te gusto his Me/mg a vote of credr
tag eight theillions of florins.-waraillif Papier,- Pei. 23.
ere
GERMAN PAPERS.
• —wien-----
' . Scent)! , 12 ha. S.
abtrit.+rise. .
supposed. from the irse:nnisg of we Omsk Revolution
;0.711r a, tempts in Sarnia were apprehended, but ics Prices Milesett
*merslify upheld the interests of the Porte, tranquillity was pre.
• . Though de ere not acquainted with the pardoners of the
to now prevailing, the reports agree that the oppression
.41yaim which the people outlier has been increased by the late
1p the value of the current coif], and has rendered Prince
plic always coo sidered as covetou3' dal more bated.
' ~, 'a
....0 ..
rmni tau It seems to have been on the *ld of January, near
•Itionandris, where the people threw a Commandant into prison, a,:d
update fined his property. filloacb re reported to hart gone to Se.
illetfidrie to restore order, with.3,lloo men.
_ t,jilizr letters from Nesse say, the &voilas bad seat • deputation
MlCo..stentinottle, protesting their Oddity to the Porte, but soli t-
tj napes of their grievapcte.
,: . •
New and alarming reports from amellevoiefei/loselhern re.
td et Belgrade, es travellers whit lave come hither say that the
. ks are in at. consternation. At resent. it is said, the in.
ii:reciSonary movement is directed against Md.:welt and some
' ' rs. The Soden demand from Ili/ruck an acoeunt of bin
Eef
tw,,i re year,' administrate e.
I ,
Eotract of otecter from bilbok.dotsikeirto. is :.—Tarers
wieltl shortly Ise:* meeting of IlleOloheepodife, onelifrettok
011111rere et thieCeetrt, ootwilooeilertiseie*soohod 'elbow-
AWinuelt of, the indivadeassailsoili 4 smirk end eves
loitii4ltatale, On the part •atilagieent.. sit mill, .00. dotabq
be I,c3olpitte str tgilt. and we ore *Oaken* Wallin 060

The Princess Sophia paid a visit to bar Royal Brother
the Duke of York v,timenlay.
Mr. Secretary Canning has been confined for some days,
owing to a sore tl roat and cold. The Right lion. Gentle-
man has been attended by Dr. Holland. The state of Mr.
Canning's health was much improved yesterday.
Letters from Bilboa to the 12th instant, give a maim.
choly account of the state of trade in Spain, and the con-
dition of the people generally. Merchant" of the highest
respectability are obliged to surpend their payments, and
the peasantry everywhere are starving.
Letters from Odessa to the 31st January, state that
there is a demand for sort wheat, in the expectation that
the English (Arm Laws wlll be repealed, and that in con.
sequence the price had advanced.
A letter from Liege of the 18th sass—" General Con-
grave arrived here yesterday front Brussels, with a pretty
numerous suite. As it is known that he belongs to a So-
ciety which desires to contract for lighting the principal
cities of Europe with gas, it is presumed, from his having
visited our Municipal Autl.orities, that the object of this
visit was to make proposals for lighting the city of Liege."
—Several places are soon to be lighted by the British Gas-
light Company.
Accounts Item St. Peteraburgh, dated the gd instant,
state, that no traces were then to be seen of the ravages of
the inundation of loth November. The streets were
cleared, the shops and warehouses again open—in a word,
all was in its former state, and business went on as usual.
Ample provision had been made for the poor who were the
greatest sufferers, and provisions were as cheap as ever.
Extract of a letter from Buenos Ayres :—" General
aanitta, the Royalist General who has seceded from that
cause, has formed a junction of his forces with those of
the Buenos-Ayrean General Arenales, the Governor of
Salts, and with their united forces they were about to
commence operations in the rear of the Spanish army."
We understand that a company of merchants, in whose
favour an extensive grant of hind has been made by the
Colombian Government, are about to form an association
for the purpose of promoting the colonisation of British
subiects in that country.
On Sunday night a number of engineers, who have had
long experience in using the diving bells at the Breakwater,
Plymouth, sailed front of the South Foreland, on board
the Colombia, Captain Thomas, belonging to the Colom-
bian Pearl Fishery Company, to proceed on their voyage
to the Colombian Seas. The ptincipal man, who is to su-
perintend the diving bell, is named Robinson Crusoe.
Most of our Lading nobility hate already received invi-
tations from Prince Talleyrand, to attend the Coronation
of the King cf France.
Madame Catalani's farewell concert in Bath, took place
on Tuesday last, when she was received with the greatest
enthusiasm. The rooms were crowded to suffocation, there
being In them upwards of 1,500 persons, and many were
obliged to return without obtaining admission. -
We are requested to state, that during the time—which
will probably be about a fortnight—that some repairs are
going on at the King's Theatre, the performances of the
Italian Opera will take place at the Haymarket Theatre,
which will open on Saturday next with 11 Don Giovanni,
and the ballet of L'Offrande au* Graces.
It is stated to us, in a communication from Waterford,
that Lord George Beresford has signified his determina-
tion to vote for Catholic Emancipation—Dub/in Register.
Mr. Cobbett has addressed a letter to a Morning Paper,
to contradict the assertion made by the Courier, and copied
into the Times, that, in the purchase lie lately completed
of a house, he paid the required premium of 500/. by a
check on the Catholic Association. He adds, that " as a
mark of the great aspect which he thinks due to the
Catholic Association, be has directed actions to be brought
against the proprietors of these two Papers."
The rectory of Bray, worth 1,090 f. per annum, was lately
Riven to Mr. Plunkett's son. An Irish paper of Monday
says—" Dr. Magee has disputed the nght of the Crown to
nominate ; and has gone the length in asserting his supposed
prerogatives of dividing the palish, and making the two
cnratts incumbents."
Mies. Easaieoet FIt•NKLIN.—We feel much regret in
announcing the death of this Lady, the wife of Captain
John Franklin, R. N. Mrs. Franklin was one, of the
daughtersof the late Mr. Porden, the architect. She was
in the prime of life. The separation which took place on
the 14th instant, when the Captain left town on the
Northern Expedition, was of so affecting a nature as to
threaten the melancholy event which has unfortunately
occurred. Mrs. Franklin died on Tuesday night, at her
house in Devonsbi-e-street, Portland-place;
The annual sale of a great variety of cheap clothing for
the poor of both sexes, manufactured by the females in
Newgate and other prisons, under the direction of Mra.
Fry, commenced yesterday,at Mr. Squibb's Room, Saville-
tow. We earnestly recommend this sale to the attention
of the benevolent, whose support will materially assist the
charitable intentions of the Committee.
Pessaries or Mtso.—lionsalvo, the Great Captain,
as he is called, was a man of great presence of mind.
When is some meeting amongst his troops, a mutinous
soldier presented his-halbert to his breast, he gently turned
it aside with his hand:—" Cvntrade," said be, "take care
Mai in ployisig with that weapon you do not wound year
General."
By an Order in Council, inserted in the Gazette of Sa-
turday last, the import duties on coffee, cocoa, tobacco,
and snuff, pepper, spirits, wine, and all other foreign
goods, now subject. upon importatioo, to duties collected
by the Excise, except tea, are to be placed wholly tinder
the mansesement of the Commissioners of the Customs
from the Sth of April newt.
CANADA AOlllrA.--C9y of a WWI' addressed to the
Mayor of Liverpool, dated Somerset-place, February 17,
1824
fitn—t base the honour to acquaint you, for die infonnatias
of the inereliame ar.d others, of baverecol, interested in the trade
with Canada, that Lord Limped and the Chancellor or the Es.
r thew/ brwring again had ender mealtime** *e subject d Canada
Ashes, have getortidose to impose to Parliament to take off the
. duty on Ashes from our own colonies or plaseasions, and to lower
the ditty on shire ion read from foreign parts, and to remitl this
duty" 51tesa Mho from forsiga Nona. sad to repeal dm allow.

I' -- - - -
SOCIETY Jbr the RELIEF' of DISTRESSED WIDOWS 11
IW TUE
FIRST /MONTH Of THEIR WIDOWHOOD.
A say numerous and highly respectable assemblage of Ladies
and Gentlemen, Interested in the formation of this S sciety, took
place yesterday, at Willis's Rooms , St. Jammis-sqoare.
J•IITS S , Esq. in the Chair.
The Cm•tieet•en observed, that he was instructed to state
briefly the object fee which that Meeting had been convened. It
was teestabeish pennonently a Society which had already been in
active existence for more than a year. Its intentions, which he
thought noticed only to be mentioned to receive their commemln-
don, were to relieve the pew and destitute widows, at that awful
moment when they were bereft of all earthly dependence—when
the, were deprived of that helpmate to whom they hail looked up
foe consolation and support. The very character of a widow—the
very name excited emotion, and came hone to every bosom. In
other cases their sympathies were excited through the means of
their imagination :—those who were called upon to relieve
the distresses of the poor, had co-: probably experienced the
meshed fate of;were i poverty those who mplored to have
demmuision for the dare, had not dratit the bitter draught of
slavery. But who in it who had not in their own families suffered
the privation of the husband or the wife, or seen the lamentable
effects attendant upon the loss of the mother of a family, or the
' protector and support of its existence's No degree of virtuous
principle, no degree of virtunes conduct, or provident foresight,
mild guard against the consequences of this melarchely bereave-
ment, which he thought above all others pre-eminently entitled to
,the compassign of the charitable and humane. No character in
that sacred volume, which contains all that we see bound-to reve-
rence or obey, is so much hell up to our imitation as the protestor
of the wi.low and the ratite-elms. No species of goad work, no acts
of frith or of love, are so much rewarded in promise by the Omar
Dispenser of Justice and Mercy; while. on the contrary, no crime is
denounced with such fearful threat* of vengeance, as the oppression
of those whom it has pleased the Almighty to ebamen by this de-
privation. St. James the Aposele, too, had summed on the whole
dpty of is Christian in these few emphieic words—" To visit the
fatherless and the widows in their aflliclon, and keep yourselves
unspotted from the world"—ineluding, in one comprehen+ive in-
junction, all the duties to Dori aid to our neighbour, in visiting
the orphan and the afflicted. It is not the sending, but that purer
and rarer instance of .elf-denial—the netual visiting in person the
abodes of the wretched and bereaved, that the Apostle inculcates
upon this occasion ; and he thought if any thing more than another
excited his admiration in the proomed intentions of this Society. it
was this going personally—thin practice' exemelitication of the
inspired precept. It was the plan of this Society to employ. in
these visits, that sex whose cloqueoce was above all others the most
tender and impressive—to impart the consolation of the sympathetic
brew, of the melting eye. of the tenderly compassionate hand, at that
very moment when theafflimedaremosom want of theirsupport, when
the wonted is still bleeding—at the very moment when the being—
" Close twisted with the fibres of the heart,"
has been snatched from them for ever. It may be said, why should
society be instituted for this purpose? Can they not go to the
workhouse? What is the use of this temporary assistance? Ile
would answer, why do you inflate the longs of a man in a state of
drowning? Not to supply the vital sir, but to restore the animal
functions—to enable him hereafter to use them himself. So it is
with this Society, not alone to afford a temporary relief, but so to
cherish and invigorate the distressed, as to errahle them to bear up
against their misfortunes, and make use of the means the Almighty
has put in their power for the future support of themselves and
their families. It :mist be obvious to every feeling mind, that at
the period he epoke of, the emailest relief was of the greatest ins.
portance ; for it was not alone the death—dreadful as that may
stem—there was generally a long sickness, tne savings of for-
mer industry spent, their all sold of pledged, in debt to tile landlord,
a something due to the tradesmen who might he evolently give them
credit, and et last the dearly beloved object cut off, leavings widow,
perhaps with five children, perhaps. soon again to become a mother.
burdened with all the consequences end misfortunes of a tedious ill-
ness. !The eloquent speaket here related en affecting tale of re-
cent end sudden distress, which had that day came to his know-
ledge, but which our limits prevent us front detailirg. It related
to the family of a OICTitOT:0101 Artist, who had by his death been
left in a state of melancholy distress. ] Here, he said, was a ease in
point; but how many such cases would never be heard of at all,
unless there wet some extablistimeat to bring them to light 1 The
Speaker then -aided to the aOhorrence with which minds imbued
with moral and religious sentiment. recoiled from the vice and in-
dolence of a parish workhouse, and drew an affecting picture of the
sufferings of a mother when deprived by its regulatiolls of the
beloved pledges of her affection. If it he asked, how can the
Society do good to such a condition, he would answer, the report
tiotild show many such eases effectuillr relieved ; for it was not
alone the actual toying of alms, which in such cases benefited the
suffirer •' it was the sympathy, the support given to the mind—thee
courage derived from feeling they-were not wholly forsaken—the
feinting nut the means of future support—the tecommendation to
service—the giving a character--all theme. peculiarly the objects of
this Society,enabled them to render much noire effectual aid than any
that could possibly be afforded from any temporary relief. however
ample. Thu+ they would be able to make the widow oncemere a use-
ful member of seetety--once more make her bestir herself, and per.
severe In honest industry, while the noble and patriotic exertions of
Mr. Brougham, and his !knowable Friend near him (Sir James
hi achintcohn would relieve her from all fears upon the subject of
her thildren's education : she would see stem enlightened in mind,
and improved in morals and in manners—she would meet them to
cheer her at night for tie toils and too hies of the day, to reward
her exert im.e, to console her uoder her eftlictions ; and though
"Na more for him the cheerful hearth shall burn,
Or busy housewife ply her evening care—
No children run to lop their sire's return,
Or climb his knee, the envied kiss to share:"
still she would derive the sacred satisfaction of having earned, by
the perfonitance on her duty, a title to unite with her lost compa-
nion in the abodes of peace lied blies. It tees by the subdivision
of mind and labour, he cbeetver, that all greet works hod been
brought to perfection. In clecke and watcees, one made spring+,
another the wheels—so it was with thorny ; the more you sub-
divided the exercise of its benevolence—the more numerous the
handmaids., be would call it, of British bemevolence, the more per-
feet would be the work He concluded by exhorting the ladies who
had in such a praiseworthy manner lent their assistance to this
Society, to continue their good offices. They would learn, that
blessed is she who giveth as well as she who received] ; and
though they might have to enceunter painful objects, a. d be plated
in affecting situations, he trusted they would still remember, that it
was more grateful in the eyes of OW, to go to t‘ the house of mourn-
ing than the house of joy"--to visit tee retreats of the wretched
than the bowers of pleasure—and they would learn to be satisfied
with their own lot—learn to mutilate the blessings of their condi-
tion, arid to deserve them.
The Rev. J. MORRISON then read the Report. It stated
that thirty-vie widows and their families had been relieved
by the Society during the last yeer, and that eight families were
now mainly eupportrel by meene which the Committee had devised.
The expenditure had been 11151. ; the donative, and subscriptions
1291.; leaving a trilling baherce clue te the freasurer.
Sir C.'llosTEll, in moving that the Report be adopted, said,
that it gave hint great satisfaction to be present at the forniation of
a Society which promised to do so much good among that truly
helpless class of the community, the destitute widows; and he was
sure it had only to be known to gain the approbation and amietaree
of the British public. ff e had bets one of the Committee for the Relief
of the Destitute and Houselese; and he had then experienced with
what readiness the whole town came forward, when it was known that
distress really existed ; indeed so ample had been the subscription,
that he believed there were yet many thousands of it unexpended.
In the Illendicity Society, is.d some others, they were liable to
suffer ft -mi deceit ; but hote there could be noon—there was no de-
ceit in death. A Society so noble in its ends could not tail to be
supported. They stiould not be dieheartened because they were
not able to do all the good they wiehed at once. They should re.
collect that the Christian religion itself, though row overepreading
the whole earth, was first promoted by A few, in an upper room in
Jerusalem.
The Rev. J. FLET cut's, of Stepney, seconded the Resolution.
He said it was e.xtraordlnary, that among the ten thousand in-
stances of benevolence is this metropolis, Pilch a plan as the pre.
sent hod not been thought of before. He reminded the fleeting of
the exprenioo of the Rieman orator—" Bit dot pa cite dui," and
showed that it would he both prudent and economical. After some
eloquent scriptural alluelons to the charitable visits of our Re-
deemer to the beds of elelmem and affliction, the Rev. Gentlerhan
said be hoped to see this,Sochity send forth its branches to every
part of the metropolie. .He lived io the east, where the sun was
said to rise; but be tru*ed the sus of their benevolence, though
rising in the west, wuM-Bhinsioate their eastern world with its
light and splendour. h •
Su J. MACKIMTOS in peoposlog the thanks of the Meeting
to Lady flernarlothe rents of the Society, said, lie was pre-
pared to think well of y Ir:citation which had the countenance
of his worthy frlet4 Chairman, thirty years of experience
having coleinced him *at he was the supporter of every thing
which tended to benefit $ll3 fellow-creatures. His support was only
valuable front his cenvithen, after due deliberation, that this So-
ciety was bn h useful Mid necessary. Dr. Chalmers, in one of his
ten:ions, had o'usernith that " too much relief cooed t.ot be af-
forded if it did not erase more suffering than it proposed to re-
lieve." elk cordially Agreed with that sentiment. A relief which
encouraged prodigality, which impaired industry, mad which de.
streyed habits of frotality, upon which Providence had wisely
ordered it that our tkappiness should depend, never could be ad-'
vontageous, and always proved mere perhicious to the object of its
bawdy than If he bail beet! lett to struggle through his difficulties,
dependent uonn his own resources. It was from a conviction that
;he objects of the Socdety were exempt from this evil, that he now
came forward conscletitiouly to give him his support. Their elm
quemut Chairman had, flowever, stated its advantages in language
hi affecting, so well dlcul.sttd to eecite feeling, sad in,pire ben,.
valence, that little rethiained to be advanced by those who followed
him. He had truly ;a d justly) characterised the state cf the
widow as one of the most enmplicatri calamity—involsing eyrie,
physical and mom! WI —severing individual strectioc—brieging in
its train pot-arty atterflespeir—fear for their own wants —horror at
the idea of the priratioes which may be suffered by their children.
It was a calamity Iran which no human being was exempt, and
the relief of which tb: Almighty had plead by riligto.,, in the
first of human dutles--1 representation of all dm net. No better
eulogium could be r.,nnunced upon this Society than the plain
and simple stuternest of its success. They had bear,' of the
widows and Adders relieved, not by dispensing with industry,
but by enabling them to remote it, by giving encouragement to
Prthirenne, in the mbereise of right priories—the tom toundations
of all pettenesd becorolv!oe. He valued this relief /emus, i: wan

DIVIDENDS.
Berry, T. Bond-court. Wa!brook, sin: and porter merchant 12
Chapman, S. Greenwich, linen-draper - - 12
-
Dampier, E. Primrose-street, Bi4topsgatc Without, reed.
crusher . - . - P 2
Dewy, W. Albion Coal-wharf,• Surrey, coal.tnachant . 1
Hilda, W. New 11 indoor. Derka. saddler - 11
-
Hooper, C. Manton-Iltgott. Somersetahire, edgmnol-maker 12
Hunt, 0. Leirester-aqusre, linen-draper . - 11
Jeekson, W.-81db Holborn, victualler . 12
711111eprgr, W. towel Fore-street, Lainhcb, b7ewer - 12
Mackenzie, P. and W. Sheffield - - . lo
Nnr tat, R. jun. Charlotte-street. Fit:my-square, paper-hanger 12
Paternoster, W. Rochester. iht.holder - . 12
Pearson, C. Ornivennr-place, Southwark, grocer - - 12
Pugh, 0. Sbeerr,ns, linen-draper . - 12
Stiis. J. Stafford. wine and spirit merchant
'l4a Li. Horton Kirby; Knit, fanner
Tho s. J. Leicester, linen-draper -
Whitbread, %V. Southend, Essex, linen-draper
Willinms. E. Fenchurch-street, wine-merchant • • It
%Veal, W. Smith, T. and R. and Stein, J. Workington,
banker - - 12
-

- 1i
- - Ps

The old houses in a line with the Treasury, in Parlia-
ment-street, and extending up one aide of Downing-stroet,
are now pulling down, for the purpose of continuing upon
the site the beautiful range of building which begins with
the new Treasury. The plan, when completed, will open
a display of architecture not disgraceful to that contiguous
and magnificent structure, the Bitiqueting House.
All idea of a Quay, to resemble the Boulevards of Paris,
on the north bank of the Thames, is abandoned. The.
Benchers of the Temple having united with the Dike of
Northumberland, the obstacles became insurmountable. A
meeting took place early in the present week, when it was
finally resolved on that the line should take the opposite
side of the River, to which there will be no impediment.
Colonel Trench will carry his plan at last.—ilfGrniag-
Paner.
We regret to state that Earl Somers, whilst riding from
Eastnor Castle on Wednesday last, was, in consequence of
his horse falling, thrown with great violence ; one of his
ribs was broken, and he was much bruised ; but we are
happy to add his Lordship is fast recovering from the effects
of the accident, and his speedy restoration to perfcet health
is confidently expected.
A subscription has been commenced for building a free
church at Derby.
THE Annv.—The three months half-pay to the I.i-dun:a
Officers of his Majesty's land forces, due the 24th of De-
cember last, including those heretofore borne on the Irish
Establishment, still, afar the 16th instant, be payable
only on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, in each week.

BIRTHS.
On the 18th inst. at East Catalan), Hants, the residence of her
father, M. Ortetham, Esq. the Lad) of Sir Lucius Curtis, Bart. cf
Rat-midge House, of a daughter.
On Monday, the 21st inst. at Burton, Hants, the lady of Thos.
Deana Shute, Esq. of a son.

MARRIED.
On the 24th inst. at „Battersea. by the Rey. J. Allen, Our Rev.
E. Bellony, of the Priory, Dotenham, to Mary, the eldest
.daughter of George Soholey, Esq. of Clapham Commer..
On the 14th inst. at Limerick Cathedral, David, eldest son of
David Roche, Esq. of Carless, county of limerick, to Frances,
daughter of the late Colonel John Ormsby Vantleleur, sth Driven
Guards, of Ballilamona.
On Tuesday last, at St. Msry.la-borne Chord', Lieut.-Colonel
Robbins, late of Inc 7th Hussars, to Fanny Sophia, eldest daughter
of the late Admire' Sir Hyde Parker.
On Thursday Lat. at Llar.yre Church, Radnorshire, Charles
Powell, k;el, of Aslitield. near Rhayader, to Mary, daughter of the
late John Williams, Esq. of Cam Llanyre.
On Thursday sennight, at Christ's Church, Setilcostes, Thomas
Ratites, Esq. of Welton. eldest son of Robert Rallies, Esq. of
Welton Ho.rsc, to Elizabeth Frames, eldest daughter of Charles
Lutwidge. Esq. Collector of hies Majesty's Costume at Hull.
On the 16th instant, at St. James's (butch, Bristol. the Rev
Charles \Vansbrough Henning, of Queen's College, Cambridge,
to Rachel Lydia, eldest daughter of the Rey. Thos. T. Bittrlnlo,
[ Minister of St. James's, Brute'.
