their pleasure by denting themselves and their children in their
heat clothes, which was always a proof of their good humour."
to laugh.) It seemed then these negroes were admirers of dress as
well as ceremonies ; lawn sleeves, wigs, and no doubt, powder.
Plat in regard to their own dress he believed It was generally light,
and that the less clothes they had the better they were dressed.
to Laugh.) " Farther," says the Bishop, "they have a great
prodeliction for a powerful sonorous voice." Doubtless, the Bishop
had a powerful sonorous voice. He then expressed his determin-
ation to send further information as soon as he should have ridden
through the several parishes ; but he had made his report before he
took the trouble to see or examine. The Bishop flint states, •• that a
general wish to ameliorate the condition of the slaves and forward
their luetructioa, through the means of the Established Church,
pervades the proprietors of slaves in the colony." And this was
Hie way the Methodists were treated with abhorrence while all was
to beeline by the exertions of the church. He (Mr. Brougham)
would twist say how much. or rather how little, he thought the
regrets would profit by the labours of their instructors of the Esta-
blished Church ; but he was free to state he !Mould richer have
arch instructors as Mr. Shrewsbury, or Mr. Sm th, now unfortu-
nately no more; and was convinced they would benefit the negroes
TOM in on. year than the whale hierarchy, with Bishop Lipscomb
at their heed, in half a century, if their lives and labours so long
continued. (Hear.) Ile repeated, he could not but feel the greatest
indignation at the gross and scandalous outrage against law, de.
eency, religion, and good policy, committed on tht occasion that had
been referred to. They hail been told Mr. Shrewsbury should not
bate lightly talked of certain important persons, or published a
letter OD the subject. Now he (Mr. Brougham) remembered an in-
stencil when the correspondence of a Governor of the colonies had
beets intuited out of a box on that table, and In it much freer and
stronger expressions had been used than any in Mr. Shrewsbury'',
letter • and yet the Governor had never been attacked that
/Jena:man had. There at present existed cruel and unjust laws.
There was no want of law against the negro--for if he only held
out Ma hand against his master or mistress (for that was an ass ul
in law) it was felony by the law, and the punishment death, without
benefit of clergy. (Hear.) If the negro were to strike any one,
not being his master or mistress—if he held up his hand in a
thresteaing attitude against a white child—he Was subject to s'x
YDO3thi imprisonment for the first offence. a, d for the second to
transportation for life. This was the law of the colonies, and it
was not an old law, but • fresh law to amend the old one in favour
of the negro, aid it had been pasted in 1824. This law had beet
passed six, seven, or eight weeks after the debate on the subject of
the Missionary Smith ; and it was the law for the improvement of
the condition of the slave which it svgs promised would be passed,
and io this manner had the colony redeemed their pledge. After his
(Mr. B.'s) notice had arrived in the West Indies, this was .11: way in
which it had been met. The Magistrates, it appeared, were hot to
riredeissla-ed because it might he difficult to procure others; and lie
with the Right Hon. Secretary that it might. God turbid
he should say a word against the conduct of the non-resident pro-
rietors; it was their managers, agents, factors—et id genus onine
bse oompla:ned of. Such had been the proceedings at Barbadoes; and
what had been done at Jamaica? A Bill was brought in to render
negro testimony, not credible—nobody ever dreamed of that—but
simply admissible and the Dolma Manchester wrote to this coun-
try expressing his satisfaction at the measure, and Isis confident be.
lid that the Bill would pass. But what had been the result of the
second rending? Why, tire Bill was rejected by a majority of 3d to 1.
That was what was to be expected from the Colonial Legislature
rut they had passed two laws for the partial advantage of the
s'aves; but still more so for their masters. With this trifling ex-
ception noting had been dune that savoured of amendment to the
Colonies.. They had been warned, but the warning was neglected ;
they had broken their words; their pledges were unredeemed the
voice of the Mother Country, of this House, and the Upper House
of Parliament. had been all despised. The Executive Government
lad called au 'o[ll to work Wore the night came, while it was yet
called to-dry; but all these warnings had been thrown away. lie
(Mr. B.) would take an opportunity in the earliest part of the next
Session, except some substantial relief should be afforded before that
time, to move for leave to bring in a Bill to remedy some of the
evils complained of in the Colonies. The Bill would be an exten-
sive one, and the first point it should embrace was the admission of
negro evidence; the abolition of the punishment of women in the
field (henr); the restraining the use of the whip in the field
(hest); the removal of the adstriction of the slave to the eclat or
soil he cultivates; the prevention of persons holding mortgages on
property in the West Indies holding offices under the Crown; and
Isply, the course which ft was fit to take towards master and slave,
for the purpose of repressing outrage on all hands, and leading to
the final emanctpation of the slave population in the West Indies.
(Loud Cheers.) To the accomplishment of these six objects would
the Bill be directed; it was a large and extensive field ; but unless
steps were taken to render it unnecessary he would certainly persist
in Ifs intention. And even if lie should not be able to do it, it would
be but a change of the individual, for the Bill would be brought
forward by some one—if not by him by another. Whoever brought
it forward be was satisfied he would so with the voice of the coun-
try on his aide, with justice anti every principle of right to support
him, and he might add, with the co-operation of his Hon. Friends
at that side of the House. (Hear).
Mr. BERNAL. observed, that after a display of the utmost de-
MA of temper on the part of those lion. Members whose interests
were involved in the ‘Vest India question, he was certainly much
surprised that the Hon. and Learned alembee for %V inclielsea
should have chosen to have discussed into so wide and spacious a
field as he had done, and in a manner evidently most hostile to the
colossi... It retold not be expected that those who word in the
situation of %Vest India Colonists could remain silent, after the at.
tempt which had been made by the Hon. and Learned Gentleman
to place them as it were upon their trial, both at the bar of this
House and before their country, without giving them the least
possible warning. He did not pretend to the extensive knowledge
which the Hon. and Learned Gentleman possessed on Colonial
affairs, or the peculiar qualifications of Episcopal Bishops; he
only knew what he had heard from persons wry well informed upon
the subject; and upon the assurance of the fidelity of that informa-
tion he would take upon himself to declare, that the lion. and
Learned Gentleman was not warranted in his assertions and attacks
which he had thrown out against the Members of the house of As-
sembly at Jamaica. When the proposition was made in that
Assembly for appointing Sunday for tho negroes to be at liberty to
go to market for themselves, it was objected to that Sunday was
not a proper day foe that purpose, and it was immediately proposed
t at Saturday should be set aside for the purpose. lie denied
that the benefit of this arrangement was exclusively on the part of
the masters. Though it might happto that there might he some few
small proprietors engaged in trafficking on a Sunday, yet it was rot
cottiaed to the whites. He was warranted in asserting that that law
was passed for the amelioration of the condition of the negro slave in
Jamaica, and that the Assembly was not actuated by the petty pur-
peas of serving the slave owner. Pe had not intended to have said
a single word upon the subject of the missionaries, but as he was
now before the House, he would take the opportunity of expressing
Lis at respect for the labours of the Pr est Indian missionary.
lie knew their efforts had always been directed towards the preset.-
vat,on of peace, and tire inculcating moral principles into the minds
of the negroes. But he must at the same time own, that the white
population were very severely reflected upon by the letter of Mr.
Shrewsbury, and the whole of the assertions it contained were de-
nit d by them. Ile was not the person to justify the enormous
at uses which they had committed, anti the power which they had
taken upon themselves; but he most seriously believed that a great
s a! of the subsequent mischief arose in the unhappy contest which
ti Mt place between the M'esleyan missionaries of Jamaica and the
ether deootninationt of Christians there, and that the conduct of
the latter subsequently excited the white population in Ilarbadon.
The manner in which the Hon. and Learned Gentleman (Mr.
Brougham) had spoken on the subject, was not calculated. he
feared, to allay that excitation. lie was sorry that he never beard
that Hon. and Learned Gentleman speak on West Indian effigies
wi bout using a language of menace, which would be considered
by the colonists as a hostile threat, instead of being the language
of counsel and conciliation. But if the Hon. and Learned Gentle-
man thought it would intimidate the Colonial Assemblies, he
would be greatly mistaken. (Hear, hear) He (Mr. Bernal)
begged leave to tell the HOD. and Learned (}cattleman, that he
knew of no step which was more likely to disappoint the feelings of
the negroes throughout the colonies, or tend to promote between
them and the white population a greater degree of irritation and in-
fecting than had ever before existed.
Mr. MANNING rose, and spoke so indistinctly, that but few of
his observations reached the gallery. We understood him to say,
that he perfectly agreed with the Secretary of State for Foreign
Affairs, that the circumstance which produced the riot in Barbadoes
seas the publication of the letter written by Mr. Shrewsbury lie
thought however that the amendment of the Right Hon. Gentle-
man was soniewhat too severe upon the population of that colony.
He was ski enough to remember the riots which took place in this
metropolis between the members of the Church of England and the
ROlllllO Catholics, when many of the Roman Catholics were put to
death, and the authority of Government was defied for several
days. If this House, at that period, had pronounced a censure on
all the inhabitants of London on account of this, would it have
been just ? With regard to the Wesleyan Missionary Society and
their operations in the West Indies, he wished to say, that he be-
lieved they had done their duty, and that great good had resulted
from their labours ; but at the same time he much approved of the
measure taken to preserve the religion of the Established Church
In the Colonies, and he begged to congratulate the House upon the
,appointment by his Majesty of the two Bishops to preside over
those Colonies.
Mr. CANNING rose to explain. It seemed that the Hon.
*rifleman who had just addressed the House apprehended the
sendment to comprehend the whole of the population of Barba-
and to cast a censure upon them all—this was not so. The
Ti".- Member had alluded to the riot which occurred in this me-
troop t_ 176 e ; but there was this distinction between that and
itrhleP °"L
tat case—for there ultimately all the perpetrators were de-
brought to justice—every thing was passed away, and
tcctrd err,, individual remained to be corrected, or any of the ill
nut a single of the riot remained. But such was not the case at
COOSOltlellUal •
marbadoes. L ie did not, by moving this amendment, therefore,
*bade*, was censured by it ; but as that society
infer that all Bt.
could not be in a s, Mind and healthy state where such things could
1,, Toed, and ,10t only so but threatened to be repeated, he
cousidered an e epees, ion of the sense of this House was required.
Noshing in the Amend. vent was alluded to or intended to be depre-
cated b it, exery a the s, :01.committed.
y
Dv. LUSH IN& ITON ,lid not consider that any thing had been
said which could it,' all extenuate the conduct on the part of the
Itleineng of the la. ouse of .Assembly at Barbadoes. There was
this one remarkable a ircumsta on throughout the case, that no one
step was taken by the authoriiies at Barbadoes to discover the au-
thor' of this riot and te' bring them to punishment. He must say
that such a remissness, and indeed the whole of their conduct, was
lode less than what would make them accessories after the facts.
Titer, were two Magittnuesi according to thur own confessing,

concealing these acts of riot Irons the knowledge of the Govern-
ment of Jamaica. In what way had die House of Assembly
at Barbatines demonstrated their disapprobatie." of this con.
duet ? They had not expressed themselves at all npon
the subject. There had certainly been • guilty acquiescence
in, if not a copuisance at, those outrages. Until the House
of Assembly at Barbadoes did some act to evince their abhorrence
of those proceed:fly, and evinced by their conduct that they ear-
nestly opposed the spirit which prompted such hod'', he for one
would never consent to release them from the blame which nt pre-
sent attached to them t and he should most earnestly support the
measure of his Honourable and Learned Friend (Mr. Brougham)
in order to compel them to do that which was their duty, and which
the interesui of humanity and of religion called upon them to do.—
He considered slavery and Christianity to be directly opposed to
eaelt other. Would any. Irian seriously contend that slavery was
not contrary to Christianity ? It was a great calamity that it should
continue to last for another hour ; and the perusal of all the papers '
now before the Howie had satisfied his mind that all that this
House could do was to adopt such measures as wodld lead to its
final extinction. He would add one word more, and one word only,
and that was, with respect to the approbation which had• been ex-
Fanged of the appointment of the Bishops at the Colonies. He
had no hesitation in giving his entire 'probation to that measure,
though he certainly could not but remark that the appointment of
the Rev. Mr. Bridges to one of those Bishops as his Chaplain,
had considerably shaken his faith in that Right Bev. Father, for
this Mr. Bridges was a gentleman who was only known as the
notorious libeller of Mr. Wilberforce, whose services were above
estimation in the cause of humanity. Such a procedure had ter.
tainly excited a degree of doubt in his mind as to the disposition
of that Re. Iliahno.
Mr. F. BUXTON rose to reply. The argument by which the
Right Bon. Gentleman (Mr. Canning) had met his complaints
against the official persons at Barbadoes was this:_" True." said
he, " those persons were guilty of much misconduct, and ought to
be dismissed, bpi if they should be so, who ckn be appointed in
their stead ?" So clot it appeared by the statement of the Right
Hon. Gentleman, that there was not a species of person in all liar-
badoes that could be appointed to hold their place. Why, this was
a greater reflection on the people of Barbadoes than any thing lie
had himself said. This discussion had been most beneficial, anti
he hoped what had passed would be taken as a warning by the co.
lonists. He was sure that if they went on in the course they had
hitherto taken, but • very few months would pass before every man
In England would rise up and express his abhorrence of' the system.
If the West India proprietots hoped to continue their present
system they must not add persecution to slavery.
The amendment was then put and carried without a division.
CRUELTY TO ANIMALS RILL.
Mr. MARTIN (of Galway) said, it was not his intention to
persevere in bringing forward the Bill of which he had given notice
for to=night. The only reasons which induced him to take this
coarse was the lateness of the Session, and the implied pledge
which had been given by the Secretary of the Horne Department
to promote the object which he (Mr. Martin) .conternplated. For
when he brought in the Bill last Session, that 'Bight lion. Gentle-
man opposed it upon this argument, that whilst hunting and
fishing, and various other sports were permitted to the higher
orders, they ought not to deprive the lower orders of their amuse.
menus. Although he did not agree in such a mode of reasoning,
yet he au now willing to take the Right Hon. Gentleman upon
his own terms ; for he should npw be able to show that bull-baiting
was not confined to the lower Orden, but was resorted to by gentle.
men of rank and fortune. Aftei the last review at Mons-
low several officers in their regimentals attended a &ill fight,
and subscribed towards the apence incurred, moth to the an-
noyance of the inhabitants of the town. He had also the
authority of the Attorney-General, (a laugh,) to say that
bull fighting was contrary to law. Ile ought perhaps to say
the opinion, Instead of the authority of that Honourable and
Learned entltinan, and if he should now deny his opi-
nion. he (Mr. Manin) would promise him that his very words
should be published in all the Newspapers to morrow morn.
!ng. (A laugh.) Such was the opinion of the Attorney-General;
and he need not be ashamed of it, for he had now got his (Mr.
AL's) two guineas in his pocket for giving it (much laughter), and
his two guineas were as good as another man's, although, by-the-
bye, be could not say whether they were good or nat. Loughter.)
The bull deserved to be protected as well as the bullock or the
sheep. lie gave up his motion upon what he should consider an
implied undertaking of the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Peel) to
introduce it next Session. Ile therefore begged to withdraw the
notice he had given.
The SPEA KEit observed, that the Hon. Gentleman had been
itrtgular in the course he pursued. He was sure the Him. Gentle-
man would see the difficulty in which he placed him, when he (ire
Speaker) would have been compelled, had the Attorney-General or
any other person risen to reply, to tell that lion. Gentleman that
he was out of order; because there was no question before the
House.

31r. Secretary PEEL begged, as he had been alluded to, nbt to
be misunderstood by the lion. Gentleman. He had given no
pledge to bring any measure forward next Session. Ile had only
said that if the Hon. Gentleman brought it forward, he would give
his arguments his best attention.
ARMY PROMOTIONS.
Mr. 111131 E moved for a Return of the number of officers on
half-pay in the army from the 25th March, 1822, to the 25th March,
11125, inclusive, distinguishing the ranks and classes in the old and
new rates of half-pay.—A Return also of the number of officers on
full pay in the army during the same period ; and also a Returb of
the number of vacancies created by death and resignation during
the same period ; and also the number of officers in the guards and
regiments of the line promoted from half-pay to the vacant commis.
:dons during the same period, to show the number of commissions
actually filled up from the half.pay list.—Ordered.
REGISTRY OF SHIPS BILL.
Mr. HUSKISSON, in rising to propose that a clause be added
to this Bill, said, the House was no doubt aware that by the law as
it now stood, no British ship could be reitaired in a foreign port,
unless the captain or owner was able to ptove the absolute necessity
of so doing, and produce a certificate to that purpose; and that by
another law, no British-built vessel could be navigated by any less
proportion than three-fourths of British seamen. The House
might remember that it was miblushingly inserted by those who
, advocated the cause of the workmen employed in revering or con.
strutting easels in the River, that the disputes between the masters
and the workmen was not so much with regard to the wages re-
ceived by the workmen, as to the amount of capital employed by
the masters. To such an extent, he could assure them, hail these
combinations proceeded, that no repairs could now be ac.uaily
done in the River Thames, and vessels were lying there I
months, getting into a worse state than when they came home for
those repairs they required. The consequence of this was an
extreme hardship upon those merchants whose affairs required that
their vessels should be put into an immediate state of sea-service ;
and a very great injury, by the failure in that respect to all the
maritime and commercial interests of the country. (Hear, heir.)
He would be one of the very last men to propose any alt
tion in our Navigation Laws, or those maritime regulations which
had been considered necessary for the preservation of our na-
tional superiority ; but he was sure that if any person would con-
sider
that it was acknowledged the objects of diffierence be ween
the masters and the workmen was not with reference to the state
of wages, but to the quanUty of capital employed by the masters,
and to the mode in which that capital was employed ; and that
a great majority of the workmen were ready to work, if they were
not deterred from doing no by the threats and intimidation of the
other patties, who had formed themselves in.o Committees, for
the purpose of controlling the movements of the workmen in
general, lie was sure, he repeated, that it must be acknowledged
it was hie!' time that House should show they had the power to
relieve the masters, the merchants, and the trading interests, from
such dictation ; and that they would exercise that power (hear), to
re,cue :he ship-builders from a state of dictation which was actually
driving all the demands for building or repairs from the port of
London. (Hear.) The House, or at least those Gentlemen who had
read it,would see, from the Report of the Combination Committee,
which hail been put into their hands in the course of the morning,
that so little was the combination at present existing among the
shipwrights considered a question of wages, that they had been
plainly told in that Committee that it was a contest between capital
and physical strength. (Hear, hear.) Under such circumstances
he thought the House bound to protect the masters and the public
from the consequences al such determinations—injurious as well to
the public as to individuals. (Hear.) It was his intention to pro-
pose that this measure should only be for a limited period, because
although the House must see that although nothing will be more
likely to tend to derive those combiners of that usurped authority
and that unlawful power which they at present exercise over the
trade, than by giving the shipowners an option of taking their
vessels elsewhere ; yet as it was to be hoped that these deluded
men would see the consequences of their conduct, and return to the
performance of their duties, he would wish that no permanent in-
jury might ensue. (Hear. hear.) He would propose that a clause
for the limited period of two years be introduced into the present
Bill, enaliling the King in Council, upon good cause shown, if
they think fit, to allow vessels to be repaired in foreign parts, so as
to be able to prosecute their voitage--a measure from which he
anticipated the most beneficial effects, because it would, as he said
before, show these deluded men that they could and would protect
the just claims of the capital and industry of the country. With
retard to the second point of the employment of British seamen, it
was known to all the House that great disturbances and combina-
tions had taken place in various places of the North, particularly at
Shields and Newcastle, among the seamen, and that great difficulties
had been found in manning vessels in consequence of those combi-
nations. To obviate that evil, lie proposed in the same manner a
clause for the same period, leaving it in the power of the Privy
Council to grant permission for British-built vessels to bo navi-
gated by foreign seamen. No man (observed the Right Honour.
able Gent.) wished less than he did to make alterations in the Navi-
gation Laws, or was leas desirous to suspend the execution of those
measures which had been considered advantageous to our seamen or
our commerce ; but he really thought the present state of our mari-
time interests in that particular required most imperioisly the
alterations he proposed. (The Honourable Gentleman was loudly
cheered during his speech, and at its termination.)
Mr. ELLICE concurred in all that had fallen from the Right
Honourable Gentleman, as to the evils and their remedies. lie
would just observe, however, that the shipowners might at any rime
send to Norway for a supply of shipwrights to supply the place of
those who refused to work here. He understood, too, that the
vessels in the North of England, where the Right Honourable
Oendeman complained of combination, had been frequently navi-
gated by a muter-carpenter and mate, with a crew of apprentices.
Such a course would soon put the country in possession of a supply
of hardy seamen, and do more than any thing else to destroy corn.
binations. The Right Honoureble Gentleman's measures were,
however, now, as always, intended to produce the beet effests, and
they would always hays his support.

; • 141:44

DRURY-LANE THEATRE.

FOR THE. BENEFIT OF MRS. W. WEST AND MISS SMITHSON.
This Evening, FRIDAY. June 24, will be pertornisd
HENRI QUATRF..
Henri Quatz., Mr. Wallach ; Moustache, Mr. Tony ; Loalson, M!u
Stephens.
After which THE WEDDING DAY.

Sir Adam
In the course or the evening Songs by Meters. Horn and Harley, and
Mias Posey.
T. conclude with
THERESC t or, THE ORPHAN OF GENEVA.
Marlette. Miss Smithson.

..
