CHESHIRE • WHIG' CLUB.

[From the " Chester Grardinn."l
FIRST GENERAL MEETING. I.
The first general meeting of ibis Club'pas Ilea at the
Royal Hotel. In Chester. on Tuesday last,' and moat truly
am we easy. that sae more respeciable for;swak and Weal"
we never whammed. Ninety five Grutlemesi sat dawn to an
excellent dinner a little before six o'cleek;mish drat rearm
bit. Nobleman Lord Greve, 111 the Chair; ad George Wilbra-
ham, Esq Itire.l'araideat.
A inxiang use previuusly ludil for the dispatch of bog-
ems, alien letters were read frown • number of Gentlemeo,
expressing. great regret at bring prevented from attrad4s
this firm meeting, and their hearty good wistteAltuearmilrat.
ems. At the suggestions of several members fromitibe ad.
joint's:. dttllctet, the title of the Chili nal changed frail the
" Cheshire Whig Clots," to ,he " Wing CLUB or Cmtvermur
AND 'nig NNIDDIMURING COVW1111:11." II Wall 111110Teillobred,
That use swat annual naretime he held on the Vth October,
Mt, Earl G r our Presitleat, sad- Admiral Tolkmache
Vice. Preartrot.
We observed present. Lards Crewe, Gepevesor, Anson,
Sir H. E. Itunlinry, Sir J. Stanley. the liqnriererblir t
Grnmemor, Mr. Caitiff Mi
mAI ~ Mr. tch, Llanbedm• ; Mr. 4. t .
Airkina, serlvester; Mr. Rail, ; Rev. W. Vier, W .'.
iinliain; Mr. W. Cr.,'.; Mr. T. Cininsh ; Mr,;*,. Comsat,
Neat. ich ; Dr. Cummins, M.D. Dullbyfrosil ; klit Collin
-
ham, Barrister; Mr. E. I). Davenport, Calveley- all; Mr.
W. Dsyriiport ; Mr. T. Diem ; Mr. J. Erkersley •Sasibitin ;
Mr. John Edwards, IVliiirlinrclo; Mr. Pinchett • 'Mi. Frost;
Slr. Aylmer Float; Mr. J. CI. Frost, Mnuelsea.ter; Major-
Grams) Were; Mr. primly Greviile, Crewe Hall ; Mr. Grate,
Quarry Rank; Jr. R. H. (:reg, riittu; Mr. Geo. Griffins%
Pentrefelyn House; Lira—Cul James Hughes; Mr. H. K.
Hughey,
.11%rlar. • Mr. Isaac Norma. Aliringbsra; Mr, .
Castles Hoerr, 'Ellesmere; Mr Aline, JohnOINI; Mr. Kos- I
rick. IV)iineValr; tlr. James lienrick, Wrexham; Rev. J. i
R. Lyon. Pnlfuril; Rev. James Lyons; Mr. Juba lame;
Mr. It. W. Lloyd; Mr. Prier Long; C. R. Lawton, Esq. ;
IA ',ton Hall; Rev. C Mv ttttt i; Mr. J. Maddock*, Vroo lie;
Mr %V. Murray; Mr. J. Maddock ; Mr. T. Mellor; Mr..I.W.
Mellor; Mr. J. Nicholls; -- Phillips, F.sq M.P. Seder";
C. Phillips; jun. •EN. M P.; Mr. S. Pa,kes, Liverpool;
Mr. U.S.' Prey, Plassiirwyd; Mr. J. Philips, Heath House;
Mr. B. Philips, dub. ; Mr. S. Pliilipl, Abridge; Mr. J. S.
Roberts; Mr. %V. Richards; Pry. E. Stmlry ; Mr. Sad-
w..rolt ; Mr. W. Sauderson, Manchester ; Mr. W. Smith,
%Varringiun ; Mr. It. Sheariug ; Mr. J. Swanwick ; Rev.
J. Tomkiu u,, Reese Heath; Mr. 'Pullet, Briley ; Mr. E.
Titsion ; Mr. J. E. Taylor, Manchester ; Mr. Wilbraham,
Delamere Home ; Mr. C. Wicksieal, Begley ; Mr. Wil.
hams, Linrolii'm lou ; Mr. Wilmot; Mr. Worthington,
latoliemy Cottage ; C. %%bind', M.D. ; Mr. T. Hilitlell i
Jr. Brown.
The Huth being rrmnred, "Non noble Donuts" was sung

three Gentlemen Com lives pssnl.

The firm toasts given from the Chair wore—.
" The King"—(Applause.)
"The Royal Fkmily ■ud the principles that placed them
on the Thrune."—(Applistae)
" Civil mid Religious Liberty all over the world."—
(Greiff en. linage.)
he Whigs uf the Empire."--App/aare.)
" Trial by Jory."—(Applents.)
" The Freedom of the Press."—Tbis toast was received
with load and cuuttemed applause.
" The immortal Memory uf Charles James Fox."—(The
manner in which ibis toast was received showed that the
meeting fully appreciated the talents and pot ilea! priuctples
of this great matt.)
Lord CREWE then rose and said, that he had to propose
the health of his Noble Friend on his right hand, and he
had not the least doubt but that when it wa■ announced it
would be received with that enthusiasm it so greatly descry-
ed, be meant " Tbe Health of Lord Grosvenor."
On the announcement of Lord Grosveitor's Dame, the ap-
plause from all parts attic room exceeded all that had pie-
ceded it, and continued for Naval minutes.

Lord Cause Versa then rose and amid, be retnimed them Lim
most sincere thanks fur the hills Inieusir they bad just NW.
terse(' on him by drinking his h.stUu, especially ts lieu aecum•
partied in such a ',Altering manner. He would just make a
few observations upon the importniire of the 'lay and the oc-
CilliOU on which they were met, au occasiiois ns honourable
to the Whig Club as it was to the county and country in ge.
nerd. They were met to celebrate and to keep alter in their
Minds the general reeling, of the Constitution as establnhed
by their ancestors in the year 1058, and alien be tit... Slimed
that glorious struggle between libel ty and slavery, between
passive obedience and non-resistance and the assertion of our
right. as became British Freemen, he begged their court...)
(.r a few momenta, while he made a few observations on the
principles of the Littlish Constitaition, which this Club au
established to preserve ; mid he hail no doubt that he should
rerelV. the sanction of those nround him whim hr said that
those principles animated the great boils of the people gene.
rallYi"-(Appiaase )—lt could not he said that they did not
art up in the principles they profewaesl when he *boomed the
enthusiasm with which the fernier toasts given by the Chair.
man had been received; lie meant —" 'frhe Trial by Juiry."—
" Lilserty, civil and ',attains's, all Over the at...l,C—** The
Freedom of the Prefer'—and the" Memory of a iltallnestished
sad immortal Patriot."— (A pp/osem.)—Froart the low tune
of voice in which the Noble Lord @puke. we acre no.
able to easels Ilse next sentence, but sinderet I los tunic
of di course to be a Reform isi the Cern House
of Parliament. One thing, in particular, to whirl, he ham!.
ed, and whirls he would press TOO arrwOulli upon their at-
tention, was the reduction of sinecure piaci Wit by !hunt
who hail seats in the Com Howie of Pail 04 MOO It
seldom fell to his lid to encounter personally the aitviientea
Or this system ; but, unhappily, the efforts of hints. If and his
friends had hithetto been unavailing iu their endeavour to
auppeem such an oilioun and aboatinable spat. o. Ile Sniped
the day was not fir distant when the Nlitiiiiters violate' he
übligtil to feel that they were revtionvihke for their deed. ;
sail uhungb they ought not il) be tint sanguine in their hdpen,
yet still roe lung the *dieter' ni.ght he made fns steal, and
own a power superior to their eau ; soil material of aeon'
in fustian...l an i uirect oppessittem to the wishes of the pro.
phi, be fii red to act iii arcorilance with their +Mare, soul for
the igt tai lel rod, rather th•lu fist their lowa i.l44riiiiiat sea ga.

twisty yews they , _ lad that tioligyeat pdsolpfee of the
Cosslibido* as established by the alsoolutio• oftdea, by the
vintage( ore anireintwo, bad been dsortisitally isfriaged apos
with ileeesse. • 'He erialied the reiteration of the Podia.
mast tor a shorter duration, so deed et that Rem'olio',
frost septennial to trieusial periods. He knew it was
thrown ie the teeth of die Whigs whenever they silver
cased. this messwre, that it was Wiry who parsed the Sep.
teseiall As., and who changed the doratio• of Parham's'
from three to 'eves years., Bat they would remember
this was dome at a time when party radios ram high, when
the State mid Goedranteat were threat/lied +wish ilisoullitims
from the attevapts that were mode to restore the civil and
religions bigotry of the House of Stuart. If it was viewed
as me arbitrary' act, they_ ought to review the cireemstauces
which ereastemed It, set those who sow ailierated it *tight
to nemenskor thahilkoas dose out of affection Sc the
Hesse of Beosisdrigh, „whin* existence we. there stakes;
• Hogg It irae-help a• • temporary measure to meet
igye the eillar ealwee , of the tows; and that that Le.
:wor
gleistate which . •oever for • amensetit contemplated
the posaihility slf.',•lits eximemoie one hundred yews
after,* eceetinszielOcii bad giver it its esigie, It had
hisiti nostiiined latfoyee by all thew* who have eines se-
iditiesdpovve. -ffeltirtgl not hut regard these as Wrings.
ritikelp woos the Cossiitution of Brigisnd—'Appbaues,)..-sod
as • roof of Ibis. if soy proof were wanting, Ire would ask
if among the great body of Whigs there could be found ewe
who would object he its ',epee I.—(dpptente).--Ask the Torte*
if they wank! consent Inks repeal, and tide answer world
be, filio.—(Appfitege).-There was eet awe Whtg throughout'
the country of Bisetaisit.whe world egittesed for its slimmer.
Oa the Tories the, should fall all the idiot, of the mammon,_
as they were now the only permits who advocated it, who
perpetuated it long after the occasion which gave it birth
had goo. by, sad who still pertianeiesely adhered to it.
If this hail been restored, would they have witnemed those
sets of the Administrative that had disgraced she toesitry
withiu the late years % ifusiki (hsy hove 'Whinged the so.
memos inroads epos the lilteeilitirolf•time people? Wadi
they have Well the suspension 'll4 Oho Habeas Camps" Act?
lad it woo sanely week's+, -tar Imi lb sok, •eotsier
have sees those Acts pawed, tisedinagt hesitancy of two of
which was to cripple the Free*, le the Press? Would
they love willteesed ths late ellemdalees and infamous trans-
actions against oar lamented odd injured Queen ? No. Nor
lkiog but • dereliction from those principles could have pro.
dured coserquesces so disgraceful to the country at loop.
But for the Minister. they would an. have witnessed Allie
scenes of 'military interference which hail so lately *Me.
place withis the metropolis, wises homen blood we, gh fii6N
the soldiers. It was not the frost fatal of the effesto of this
abandonment of all principle, that It traded ti, lkedliteee•
tion and dissolution of all maim idol good gioreresoloteolar
the event to which he alluded weighossaidered as a Misimpls-
o• the part of the people, 'tad whit smikil answer for the dliksh
trout conserpseore• of this ptarpmembeee ion the part of the
people ? The Noble Lord go•flgid a speech of some
length by giving a little edema to the younger part
of the Members who wia depollso themselves under
the harmers of the Club, tett seataunts desirous of 'wain.
'Moine ifs principles and skim or abs Coedited:ow. He
thought himself warranted is AR Moist, became he had
bad tome experience in the palideel world, his 'prise and
summer were gnat, the leaves of autnatu were shedding
around him, winter was fasi approechiag, and Time was
berrying him un to eternity. Ma gem, Sitieadsice, although
he hoped that the principles they sow professed they
would always retain, suit that wet, that if they did change
their political opinion and iadnence to the side of their per.
seal adversaries, tel it not be dime fres the seductions of
power, or the blandishment, of • Court, but front honest,
upright, tied tUallfiellii4MlS motives sad convictions. If
they did so, the world would sons de them jostle; would
soon appreciate and respect their worth; bet if they acted
otherwise, the world would sot • be deceived, they
would be tiomasbeit end their pretensions itiqmsent. Ismint.
aisle indeed suit to consider the nomber of individuals of
talents' dirtinctiou, amt reeppecialitity, who bad unfurls.
safely fallen into the snare power had laid fur them. He
trusted it would nut occur again, and his Lonlrhip eon.
chided by returning the gentlemen thanks for the honour
they had ilone him.— (Great apploust.)
Mr. WILBRAHAM rose, nod said letakeeld take the liberty
of proposing to the gentlemen, as • waft, the health of the
worthy PrelsArsil.—(Applause)-0e henry occasion, from
his eaeliest infancy, he load been lag.* to look to the exam.
pie of Lord Crewe, as a model for imitation. We *SW re-
gard his Lordship in no other light age Mss Resta MINN
and as an accomplished gentleman. 11a hoped that Co
Lordship's life, which had always bees devgio.l to the ser-
vice of his country might he nag spared; that the present
age meet imitate his conduct, and dm soot ism, Wiest
from hie assertion of their rights. It he Illbieek sot, his
Lordship was In l'afilalEeni at the time of the Americas
war, still was OW of those who voted agai NM *at abismittable, '
rollout, sod unnatural wee. From that aseetest his Lordship
bad uniformly motioned his opposition he every system of
taxation that had its ewe from that event. awl were there ao
other chum to their ailiniration, this wet .111114.4. that he
was the friend, pee-sosi•l and political, of that illuovious pe•
triot, whore name had here drank with moth &pithiest', he
meant Charles James Fox. lie disdained to flatter, bet
troth cylerte.l starve praises from him.
Lord Catwe reinrurd his most sincere awake for the
tumour they bail done him in drudging his health, Oa the
occasion of the Americas. war, he was so • minority of urea
against that sennattii•l war; but he soon afterward* had the
pleasure of seeing himself in a majority of 'fires by which
that abominable war was slopped. tie (sold only say this,
that what might he Oar burdens which the people of Lug.
hail had to bear, be could lay hi, head npon Isis pillow sod
say he hail nut cootsibitted to the lightest puitivil of them.
(Appinared
1
e Admiral Tollrousche." Song—.t' Rule Brilassia.,,
The Gunnar*, litra pl'Opillard the health of • friend
of the proplr—he meant %Ir. Home. ilia Eterilahip trusted
that the people of Cogisiiii wool.' not disgrace theusatlve•
by sending to P., hutment •delt member' as voted' spun the
gee.'" of the repeal of the Melt Tax. He amid only
say, that he thought if the people of lionised were only
I" he r'Preseelvd by mien nice, repmeNiation was bat a
helsalvei For whets al Ilse dm readmit of the Bill there
sppeareof a urvjority for itie repeal in the liodse, • Notate
Lard twill to • friend of hie, Or. W'esiern, " Do out halloo
mil you me net of the wood ;" meet to make good his prop
"u•Phuhe 6'14 MA* Lard muttered He forces, tad ado.
ally dereaMed the gagasitgg, muds as it was cakalsted to

Mr.ll4l.witawats limn Katmai luart—" The Cheshire this
deb, sod POOCO.III to si."—(Applarree.)--111 giving tins loser
he weald be **peeled, am be had been particularly active
and pram.s in its lonoodion. to ray sometime( shout its
origin sad nhjett. It seas 001 10 $$ nv local Oolltie.l
peeping.; as, if that had been the obj et, bolder thec-
ae/ft thee these Would have been warranted by She rune
doge of their adversaries. It was to collect the scattered
rays of pwichwiww., which they knew iudovida.lly did ex-
ist. ilia a News, to embody the shadow into a substance,
tad to hem s rallyinK point ihnorghoot the country. They
erslslel tint WS view with regret and alarm, the barrio, nil.
conelitatioaal, and pernicious tendency of die acts of Go•
?enamel within the last few years; eepreitilly the ries-
resales of OM Maltese Corpus Act, and the ill.. rope.
toed wailer it—he hirdly knew how to term it:•-at tie
unfortawate affair at bleaches er. The °swaged that hid
bee* turreted ibroithuut a certain class of the cummonity
Anal lbw event bad tires some colour to the tyrtanous
Atte of Ministers, sad d as as excuse fur theii peeve..
twalliver. It was wad bog since the military were called out
epee the people, and that too when a coinplianee with the
wish of the pmsYle seemed to Ire dictated by the roundest
polity, es well as the cumulus dictates of humanity. TMs
basis upon which our forefathers built our rights remaisted
wewassitable. To COONICrIiCi, if possible, this system of
misrule, sad to age every vitistuus and patriotic
froths*, were the objects of thus society. Gentlemeu
wild recollect the contrast to the present Government, ex-
baited by the pore cuuueils of our ancestors in Parliament.
They advised with wisitomi and acted with eneigy in the
Owners* Remilatioss. Could they th• sr suppose that the lie
beetles of the people were nut their chief aim and object, tend
ilmt they drove out tyraway by the expulsion of the dynasty
Of threatuaits! Thry dud out discard the principles with
the dreamy. Whets the Legialature ertahlisbed the Corrsti•
twasn of 111$, they declared it in be on the principles of
Pediments fresisrat,aad election. free —(.4 pptouse )—They
tool/ set hope to obtain the respect and withal( obedience of
abs pimp* without 'smarting to those principles. There
wM e• sairet they could propose to themselves kb* wild

. . -
as by persevering is their demand far Pa.liantentary Reform.
—{Lewd oppferee.).......The Constitution ought to be the ral-
lying papist, and they might still to ventilate and protect it;
and Irbil* they adhered to these found principles with tote•
they would obtain the confidence of the people. The
Whip yielded to wise is loyalty; he did not mean that fol.
some adulation of which they had heard such a deal lately,
but that true British loyalty, which, agile it respected the
just prerogatives or Ibe Crowa, while ii upheld the privileges
otthe Peers. was set forgetful of the liberties ref the people.
'no freedom nod lawless." of the people were the only uh•
jai, of all good Governments. He should conclude with
drisictits, The Cheshire Whig Chili, and success to it.
s• Mr. Philips, Lord Alulyneux, Mr. Birch and the Whip
of Lmicashire."
PIIIIIIIPI returned thinks on behalf of the Whigs of
Lancashire. The Whip of Lancashire felt greatly obliged to
thins of Cheshire for establishing a Club upon such liberal
principles. He bad reason to belie►e that the alarm" which
the Minister pretended to have respecting Ilse existence of
revolatiosary designs werecompletely unfounded. (Applause.)
The animosities that bad been in exi 0000 lee amuttg I lie lows,
classes Mid, he believed, subsided, tool they would now look
op to their aster/II leaders, time country gentlem.en, for aid
and support. He considered that great ben. hit must accrue
from this meeting, sot wily to the county but to the c..untry
is general, and that its example would he followed animals.
out England. He guncl oded by bupiag that the good it
might do world speedily take plsre.
Lord Caries thew gave—" Lord Anson, Mr. Toilet, and
the Whigs of atafrordshire."

Lord inset, returned thanks for the honour they had done
him ►y drinking his health, and coupling it with the Whigs
of titafurdsh►rr, though be could not Hatter himself that
he deserved .11. It gave him pest salisfactiou to see PP
•umeroua, important, and re►pectable a meeting as she per.
seat. It was a glorious day for the county of Chester—it was
an example for all Enchood, and he trusted it would not
slop till l%hig Clothe were established all over England.—
(Applause)—fr bad bees weed that ;los Club was not for
the purpose of serving • political party purpose ; but if a
general feeling like this were omitifested, there must snout
he a change of Adroinistratiou; a change which would bring
is some of the best men in the country, end who wig toed
the evollidenre of Me people. At least if a change wire
net imeserlistely pa►dwnd, the Ministers would feel a check
spin them which they would bud too powerful to oppme.
The onion of the Whip and the people would be kir.
.hiibk for the Ministers. They must succeed if they would
hot persevere steadfastly in upholding the principles they
were now met to celebrate.—(.4pplausa.)—His Lordship
concloderl by giving—" All the Whigs of Cheshire."
The CMAIIIINAII thee gave—" Colonel Hughes, Mr. Mail.
duck. sad Mr. Williams, and all our ii.deprodetit Brethren
is Wales."
[A leiter from Col Hughes, was here 'esti, expressing his
regret at brio% unable to attend the meeting.l
Lieut. Cul. Hvellell is retuning thanks, said he admired
the plan of the Club ; be was a friend to its principles and
them of Whiggimi, which were in direct oppi ss i s ion sad aa.
Meal enemies to the Tory doctrine of impose obedience and
noeseesietance. He had head some peiiple say, What bad
he lo duo ■s a soldrer, with soy thing like the diseussiou of
political topics, he had only to übry the coutrasuds of hi•
officer. But be would retort "tiara these good-natured people,
*ad say that however much hr felt the necessity of pasture
obedience, iu its fullest extent. whilst fulfilling his duties as
&soldier. au much the more did he feel is proportion on the
necessaily in his civil capacity, to abhor sod Murat those due.
Imes which went to p their rights. It had been said
that a soldier had no rights, but if MO why was be tried by
his Peers, amid by • British Jury, before he could be cuudeinned
to death!—(Applause.)
" May the Curoutom Howse of Pa:liament be the REAL
Representatives of the People of Eugland."—(Appkare)
0 The Memory of Lords Sooners and Delaware, who sup.
pored the Revolution of lfiell." Sung—Libeuly Hall.
The Cll4lll/411t then begged to propose as a toast, "The
health of bar John Thomas Stauley, Bart. lbe Chairman of
she Quarter Sessions."
Sir J. T.../WMILCY reunited thanks for the kiwi notice
lbgi had bees pleased to taken( hint; it was an honer which
Mond every man of indepeudeare would prise, and which
he felt more then he cosh! express at prese•l. He ►ad lately
kept aloof from politic•, but from his youth spw•rds ►e hail
always Ohne.' to Ike Whig principles, sad • prettier name

place they —. . to . lesdeed,
therefor., and advisers of their Sovereign, and the friends if
the people. lie Mt a pleasure in witnereing sit. Is a !M-
lenema afarisehlage, and it gave hies the niost bearer. It wee-
, farts to think of thr meta lull/ *sante Slat would accrue
to the county from ii.--(„elppfonee.)
Sir Joirn STASI-eV gave" The Commillre "
Mr. Finsvaan Wives punt .aid, that onto( in the derseate
attention at his f. wail Mr. WI hrehume who Lad eh ennead a
task to whielt lie was an much inure cninprteut than linen-li,
it fell to its lot to return thanks or the past of the Commit-
he fer the high heroine. done then,. It thigh( a 1... iisnreettit
Imo he ol.t.itld say rometbiog cusiceriting shove Imbues* his h
been au handsomely acknowleritterl. to them rta,ya itkels
self-iutesest was geute ally f Ito tee theta, to a men's p.-
lilies, and in this particular district, wn.,e pobi.o on etinCel
were, unfortunately, more rentarkatele for adulation than li-
beral opinions, in such time. nod so afteh a pluer, in h -
hold su impositig an array of the rank, p.operty, talent.,
arid respectability of the country, met " 11l foster end uni..•
tries the principles of the gloriosa. Revololiou," was indeed
mailer ut, pride sod .xtiliattme: And lee trusted that the
Noble Lords who lord this dity !fomented there min their
e..mpany, and who had last tear Nimbi their hanks and
countered to these taupe the tousle...re of ulster opposenti,
were by this time courier ced slue, *brit he nimbi venture 1..
cell, their martyrdom, bad bees, attended with its least rows
hem-Vial co...eminence/1. But they &boo Id berandi.l,an.tiie
the ill orks where then were mini due; it was to the Tories
that they were indebted for the pleasure, and the equal far
the &moue, of this day,--(relopkier )—lle intoied them,
therefore, to let oily feelings of stedieommis excited by the
outrages of the famous N. stunstu nirh meetiog to sultsiik in
the pleasing and valets! recollrctioo of Shia one solitary,
aerviee, this insulated benefit, which they, in their pre-
destination to *loader, had involsoil oily roamed open.
their country —Cleinglifer and applause the same
cause might be a...allied in..r hairier= at last troimplwel over
two gam oboist' i to the boomtown of any efficient political
mauls. In the first place, be a Ilitad-- to that aupsessitimis pre-
'udirc ',thigh 'aimed against the idea of hiehaledillat • Pori!.
4.11 pee ty inns be ertsuier•l, w as eg men rumbled'.', us.
they were, for a great, useful, sod landalde puepow„
soloed ntly (and with the sole object -sof Mende, OWe
country) placoug themselves out .1 the pate of it,
tumours, the profits, and patronage of the Slate. Weer
less respectable cr Iran entitled to the lure of U.r r coun-
trymen, than those who had during the last buoy yeas"
bees united fur the cnub are purpoire, simnel!, in order Is
munopelise all those g I and comfort:llde thioga fur
wives. No theme was snort fruit fttl its sophist. y, hypo. nay,
sad notwnse, than this psejoilice against party ; whore
brought to mind a saying of a great nail MI VP no wire. ales,
flourished lope upon thy ;mune purse, he enema Janet/rot
Wart, who, wines 1w wan going to be lauded, .Ird...ed. with
all the dignity of consents. innocence, that be Ind fallen
victim to a party of twelve men, whose reidiet had doom-
ed him to elestructtou'.—(App/auss)—The ulher otisiame,
upon haring sternnouisted wbirii, he Plated, he ,night is Ike
manner congratulate then., was tire great difficulty at at
times experienced in getting any number of men in sg.ee its
she same political psinciple. To this ca•se may be attribut-
ed slur failure of almost every attempt to •rneltuente use de.
(relive aystem. Plans have unit teal equent ly beets initsmitted
fur the app obation of mess whose amens had Otter beets
previously obtained to slit' elementary pi lucipies upon whit,.
!bey were grounded, Wheuever Monsters were threateord
with the dreaded subject of Reform, they brought forested
their heavy artillery in the shape of the Right Huu. Member
for Liverpool, who in re,rly to all the orstinsearable •rgss-
mean ill its favour, was certain so diecbarge thi• his Utast
subterfuge:4 tieutlemeu, as you cannot agree entirely among
yourself es upon the poetise (pantie, of the article you sass
fur, not au ounce shell you have from our ;" be was
like a Ma asked fair clarity, sLo should put his basil its
his pocket piriencliog to Init., to us, asking some far more,
ushers fur lea, and then suddeuly turning 'timid and saying,
will not give you a farthing, lweanat you bare ssedleciod
to come so a previous agreement upon the precise tnirefeknet
of quantity necessary, to save you front sterrotton. tit
frosted that this ohjectuin could mei attach to the Cheshire
Whig Club, for they Ind distinctly stated what Mg
weeded. Whilst they were rest to receive whatever wan
coincided in remedying the esti* of which they emoulaised,
yet if the remedy granted peobed insufficient fur the com-
plaint, they averted their lights to revert to history and first
principles, and so examine the origisial contact which cod-
elected them wish the reigning family. Now that cootrect, -
or n Giro Conatitutiou as estahltslied at the Revolution,"
as the Turns shenscelvea stornetineee called it (when it nutted
their purpose), was as different trona tire present eurrupt sys-
tem, as a new and sound thing teas from one grown old as
waling**. le proof of ibis, he world Pimply r. ter thins to it-e
els. weir arid •erar. tamely, the Artie of the bib, rich. sin, 18th
of William, and tire bth ut Anne. By thefiest of tinge it woeivi
be seen that our aiseestura had laid a down that " fr.qatot
Parliameuts feuded greatly to promote the welt-tre•iig i f
king and people." And that they had +tatty foreseen, and
provided spinal that unsfurtioue which we bane swam- .
ed, and whin ...mg lamented, siasuely, that the honesty of a
Parhatneut b-aa au inverse radar with its duration; on, la
other word. that an sierras. d infusion of couscieoce in•.,
the voles oeuver Represeist•toes may be regarded (okr sine-
Lag to swans) as au unerring criterion of a speedy
By the latter Ams, it would he ohm reed that the trainers bad
is like laillalirt anticipated those disgractful strata whirr.
we have so often seen of placcineu stgisg a /I touts[ OWL
•ffe cling their owls seals and salaries ; they hest
Lately voted avast • motion of Mr. Bennett's, so aftouve
many of them from Parliament, which, but fur thew votes,
would have been earned. Now though he dad not by any
memos contend that these aria might not release some MO..
dalmatian, yet was it not evident that the Septfinsial Act
as his hohie Friend had well explained, fnr
rprecefic object, and convirsued one bemired yeses altar
the itecessity has ceased) could be 114 pert of slash .• 410644 a
Constitu-Suu" as. often appealed tu, and so lung antecedent
to it ? And was it not equally monstrous that, whores*
our tolerators had excluded all pfacemen, we eimwtil
silo,/ no lea thole sinewy to sit is Parlientesit i It might
perhaps trot he nem-miry to exclude more than sixty ur mo-
tive, and to some modificetwo be had no objections, bush
welt the peiumples which the Cheshire Wtsig Clots bed
" resolved to foster and mamain ." principles which, 4
they meant why striag, were a virtual secogoitinu tit! keine
sad among teletoekol refers's-. And wb,4l did that lei et *miry
bet 'mode% grbbt ova amiss? Why Yoe abottio we be
LibaseJ of {Mt is,., whew tit ides aid les Arabia, Were

I

t'
~.

• 11

t-41
