• -
*Ma eintoiltion, or Indffetivatr, vim den yolk es mili-
tate the eau:wail principal of the Monarchy, which it URNS ;
fc •ben the Hydra of Federalism, su happily silenced the pre-
ceding year, by the creation of the. Central wove., dares
again to raise Its poisonous head, and endeavours to percipi-
ents. lee 'into the dissolution of Anarkby 1, when the relit thy
of cos mammies to watching the moment, when oar divisions
dessiuste us, to destroy the State, and to erect thole throneMlr
are ruiu, rivet, our distractions afford them. This ts the
tiwe, this, to collect In tine pond, the national dignity sad
poster, and ,‘ hen the Spaniel. people may will sad decree
the extraorilinvey supplies which a powerfol nation ever Lae
*thin it fur its salvation. It alone can encounter and put
theta to motion ; it slime no encourage the timidity of
*owl, sail restrain the ambition of others ; it alone, our •
wen importunate vanity, puerile pretensions, end tufo•
ratted mievious, which, unless prevented, go to tear en nicer.
alte.Govi route:it. It .01, in hue, give to Europe a flesh Ct•
eaarple tette religion, its circeinspection, a•-.d its Ovrrei ion,
to the Met end su,ilerate use whirls it is about to make, of
the glorious liberty it, *high it. to constituted 'thus it O,
*lint the Slipcase 'seta which itani...liat ley recognised thin
UM WWI tepteeeutataon as n right, and proelenne,, a as a re-
ward, now invoke* and implore+ It as the most necess►ry and
a:heartens remedy; and be lias beerfore resolviA, •t at the ge•
sera, Cortes of the monarchy, announced in the dyer: time
gad of May shell be convoked no the first day of J.mu it in
the nem sear, is order !neuter nu thaw aucest functions, the
fist day of >farrh folios .og. When that happy Jay lite
arrivr4, the .1 antis say to the Represeatativea of the
Maine,

--

--


" Te are met together, 0 fatbers of your reentry, stud re.
established in all the plenitude of ywur rights, after 4 1.100e14
tkrer Celltnri(l4 whet deepotuon, and arbitrary power
ea 7,141,1.1 oriel to sabyeet this nation to all the eras of por..
sited, The aggressiuo which we have suffered, and the war
whirls we tnaiutain, are the frerts of the most shantefal op.
111rwrilolt, and the most unjwit tyranny. The provincial J *n.
. who were able to resist said repul.e the ~newsy, in the Ent
frapetw of be inemitm, invested the Supreme Junta with the
Sovereign authority, which they riteetised fur atone, to gave
batty to the Stet:, stud concentrate ate power.
" Celled to the exercise of this authority, not by soglai.
floe or tutrive, Let by the unanitooda voice of the pro-

_
wh,ree of the kingdom, the indirideals Of the Supreme
Junta sLewrd themselves worthy of thr high elnedence re-
posed in thew, Ly employing all their eiligantc and ewer-
_

!tons fur the p ion and prosperity of the state. The
magnitude of our efforts .0l o app from the roust-
41eration of the enormity of the reit% which preceded them.
When the power was placed in our hands, our armies, half
formed, were onprorided, and destitute of every thing, our
treasury roe suspir, and mu filleiirtell uncertain aud dis-
tant. The despot oftranee, arai::itg himself of the itatt-
quiliity in whirb the Nnith then was, poured upon the to,
uiusule, the military pone% unw r hie tomtriaLvt, the most
foiniidah!e that Its, been in the world. ills 11,0111 warlais
liscit.et, better provided, and above al!, more numerous than
others, rushed on every side, tltinue,li much to their east,
monist nor armies, tiestituie of the tisane envenoms and
entrideree.

" A orw ivandm ion of barbarians, who carried desolation
through all tlir prowl neis of which they took r. on, was
the eorreetluenee of these reverses an.: the ill-closed ,rouads
' et one nufortonate country began painfully to open, and
pour fortis blood in torrents 'T 'ye state thns lost the half
of its streugth ; and when the loots, Aorind to tare the ho-
nour, tilt ndenee, and the sully of the nation, front
laspeta"ua iurwion of the tyrant, took refuge in dude-
/lies ; a division of 30,000 me• repaired to the walls of Za-
ttt~~ri,
bury thasrseives in its ruins. The alloy of the
e,OO t being thus deprived 4,f a gi vat part of its atresetb„

di.: n, t r;ve to tte operations that activity 1.4 *Dew vlsiell
Ipso ba,e lead .nry leielte from ?bore of the bottle
of reles Tb. .:resmet of the Sierra norms, gala the
bolt, of the Telma, were only defended by Ilherate4 bend.

calls of nseo, to whole couid erareely he given the name of ar-
mies. The )rata, boUes er, by mean, of activity and es-
Orifices, ront.d and dispessed,thcm in the two battles of ciu•
dad Real sod Metellin. Instead of despairing of the count. y,
they redouble d their efforts, and in a few days eollected, sad
opposed to the enemy, 70,000 infantry sod ta,nori eststry
These forret, Lai e sines fought, it is ti or, with ill sumitas, but
always with esllaatry sad glory. The creetion, the repine-
sloe, mid the sulciistenee of these • armies, Vane more
than ahem bed the considerable surplice which hare been
sent us by eur brethren in .hmeries. We bare maintained
la the Cre psorioers, union, order, sad justice; end in
thous orrupirsl Uy the moony we Lay, exerted our endea-
vours to pro... Tee. though 14,11.11 y, the Ore of patriotism, and
the bolds of loyalty W have vindicated national honour
sad indepeudt ore in the must complieated and difficult di-
plomatic negoci:stione ; and we Imre made bead &sanest oul-
virility, without suffering ourselves to ever trusting that we
should overcome at our constancy. We have, without doubt,
elissinsiti,d errors, and we would willingly, were It poesible,
i.devm them with our Ishiud . but in the confusiois visceral*,
moose the mountains of diffienltiee which peri.uandeil us,
whir would be certain sabring always in the right t
" Could we he responsible, %steatitic as. body of troops
warted valour, and another confolenee; because one Gene-
ral Lost lees pradenee, mud another less pod fortune
Meth, Spaniards, is to he attribute.' to our ineaperienee
marl. to en etionstancese—but anthisog to oar intention. That
*vet low been to deliver OUT unfortunate king from slavery,
end to preserve to Lim a throne Ci which tie Spanish
people has made such aacr.fices, and to maintain
ft free, iodepeudent, and happy. Mk have, from the
tone of suer institution, prowileed tom a emintry ; we lave
decried the aboittlon of arbitrary power, from the time
v.• unnoticed the re.establislament of oar Cartes Such is.
..spar lards, the nee we Love wide of the national power and
outbsody &misled tow; and when ions- wisdom shall ham
rataidolosi the bases and Sum of Girremmeut nowt proper
1. sr the independenee tool rood of the State, we will resign
the authority into the hinds you -hall runt nut, contented
with the glory of hiving given to the Spaniards thus dignity
of • net snit legit •oristely coustitated
•• May this solemn and rnagtoficent Assembly he produc-
tive of efficacious mous, ens rgy, and foetsine. may it be an
immerse isiesitiof,nishahle volcano, from whirls irony doer tor_
trots of patriot sue to revivify every past of ton vast mo-
narchy, to sedan), all maids with that mildimr enthusiasm
which producer the safstr sod ;dory of mations, and the de-
spair of tyrants. Rose yourselves, noble tatiscps of the
renown-, to.the clever:on of your high dat.es and SPaila;
witis yea to as cquay bo dliont destiny, 13:1 bee re-
trieved auto her helium for her herniates, Fe..4l..siaad TH.
and II • aufortsnate gamily; shah 3." bet sons cot.- on the
pulls sit proop.rst, and ;tory, wheels they ought henceforth
to parolee, and re cove the crown of the ?kibitme and
e•tisch the are leak :.etc.
ItAlt:irtS ASTOINGA, President.
PEDRO DE ItiliEttro,
Rola! Alcove of Serslie, Oct. as, to"),
. .

0

.7 1

r .., r
