--
-forced, their money carried off. 11111irgiirietien
pillaged, and those who offered any te.istsoce
mere roost cruelly ill-trotted. AU the window'
of the synagogue have beep, broken, the Loirka
torn to pieces, aNC.. ipe:r be: robbied.l.-
Four Jews have died of the ill-treatment they un-.
derwent, and a still greater Bomber have been
mortally injured. The women and children have
not been spared;
,the eyes of one child have been
forced gut, and an aged Jew has had his beard forci-
pity torn up by the roots. After mach exertion the.
police has at length succeeded in restoring ruder,
end several Greeks have been arrested...
" The Turkish Government contioues to perchase
gall the cargoes of drain that arrive at Constantioojde,
for which it pays an exceediug good price."
• FRASKFORT, JULY 25.
When intelligence of the death of Bupaparte
reached Baden, Prince Eugene and the Duchess
Dowager Stephanie of Baden caused the invitations
which they had issued for that day to be counter-
manded, and immediately put on mourning. The
kiog of Bavari r, who was at Baden at the time,
observed the most profound silence on the subject.
We are anxious for dispatches from Vienna, to
know what the Court of Austria has done under
this circumstance.—(Courier Frcuteais.)
MADRID. JULY 19.
The intelligence of Bonsparte's death has reach-
ed this capital ; it caused no sensation.
sr. PETBROSURGII, JULY 4.
The jonrnal published in this capital, entitled
The !eyelid, has just announced that the retreat of
the Greeks, who occupied Bucharest, appeared to
be in accordance with their plan ; and that, pre-
vioualy to judging of this operation, the public
ought to writ its results.
ILIUBUROU, JULY 21.
The following article appears in the impartial
Correspondent, under date of Corfu, 26. h June. ,
" In the night between the 12th and 13th Miey
the Turks carried by 'storm the fort of which Ali,
Pachai of Janina, was in possession, opposite the
island,
and put the whole of the garrison to the
sword.
" By an order of the 2d May, Ali Bey, who
commands the Turkish squadron in the straits of
Albania, declared the peninsula of the Mores in a
btate of ulocnaura

" The English Ambassador, at Constantinople,
hmgiven orders to all the Consols of his nation in
teiant, not to allow. any Turkish subject to
enebmk on board any Enttish vessel, until he shall
nave obtained permission from the authorities to
which he may•be subject."
Tulip, JUNE 24.

(EXTRACT FROM A 1001014011816, .a.)
The Der is causing sev.4il of his ships of war to
be armed in all haste. They are thought to be
destined to act in concert with the Turk• against
the Greeks of the Archipelago. We had flattered
ourselves here that we should not have experienced
the efrects of the terrible conflict now raging in
Turkey, because at Tunis the number of the
Greeks is very small. They do not exceed 400,
and in this number tray be included those who do
not usually reside in this country, but are only
occasional visitors, many of whom are also pro-
tected by the European Consulates. But as
the news arrived here Irma different parts of
Turkey where the imurrecti of the Greeks had
broken out, the local Government began to ma-
infest a hostile disposition against the unhappy
Greeks, and the populace, who are always ready
to proceed to the greatest excesses by the hope
of the slightest plunder, already utter the most
ut►ecious menaces against all Christians in ge-
neral. Several Greeks have been already ill-
treated and imprisoned by order of the Dey ;
some of these were under the protection of the
Conan!. of England and France, who lost no time
in demanding their liberation and in interceding for
the other victims. Their conduct in this par-
ticular is governed not wily by humanity, but by a
hope of preventing a catastrophe which would be
equally fatal to all Christians alike. Their exertions
hitherto have been crowned with success.

SMYRNA. JUNE 16.
'The three Officers of the Turkish Manor whom
the Porte had seta to the three B:11 bary Regencies
to mimmon them to unite their maritime forces
with the Ottoman fleet, embarked here iu the early
part of this month.

THE BRIT' S Ft PRE ,S S.

LONDON,

7

FRIDAY. A UGVIT 3, MI.

Paris Papers Papers of Monday last have arrived at our
Office. We learn on the authority of a private Istf
ter from Vienna, that the Emperor Ait.alt•troaa
has returned an answer to the Remonstrance which
the Porte had transmitted to him complaining ot;
the conduct or Baron STROGONOFF, but not in a
tone likely to appeaser the resentment of the pogry
SULTAN. The whole coutepts of ihe answer hive net
transpired, hut it is understood that the Emperor
41.RIAVOCIL ha. required a complete satisfaction
for the insults offered twins Ambassador, Me that
Daly oight days kayo -beget -allowed to the Potte to
•: . ,

.1.• the Vienna letter IS -
suggested
over whether the SOLT4III possess sufficient
power
his fanatical soldiery and people as
would enable him to acquiesce in the demands of
Rued*. A despotic government is powerful only
• s
over individuals ; it can oppress its subjects singly
and legitimately to the utmost height of its caprice ;
but it must ever truckle to the mob, be the mob
military or otherwise, and so must it prove with the
imbecile Government of Turkey, should the appre-
hensions or the policy of the SULTAN and his Divan
lead them to embrace a hoe of conduct which it
might not please the rabble to pursue. The wishes
of the troops and of the people of Turkey have,
under similar circumstances, been liquidly expressed
in a !mintier equally rapid and explicit. The Sur.-
TAN and his Vizier are knocked on the head, and
after the ordinary course of murder and pillage, the
reins of government are committed .to some new
poppets upon whom the conduct of their prede-
cessors with respect to the particular measure in
contemplation is expected to operate as a negative
exainple.
It seems that the insurgent Greeks of Wallachia
continue to harass the Turkish troops, although
their main force has been dispersed and their Chief
reduced to the condition either of a fugitive or a
captive. Oue FOIIDAKI is said to have collected
a body of no less than 5,000 nien, with whom he
attacked various scattered parties of the Turks
' with advantage ; but the force of his party is cer-
tainly exaggerated. The Mitsui, and Vi'allochians
who formed YPSILANTi's army are ticciwed of hav-
ing betrayed him, and murdered some others of their
Chiefs; we should expect little better from the
character which travellers have uniformly given to
these people. Indeed it most he admitted by the
warmest friends to the cause of Greece, among
whom we have always classed ourselves, that the
Christian subjects of the Turkish Empire can boust
or but few qualities which can excite the admira-
tion mid esteem of any people in fileisopc. But not
ott them let this reflrction- fall as iiiiiiatter of cen-
sure.; the reproach ingot light epos their brutal
oppreivors—upon the unmitigated slavery which
Ilse for centuries blighted every principle of moral
or intellectual excellence in the Greek character
which has made the Greeks treacherous that the;
might• retaliate upon cruelty, and cruel, because
they had never witnessed acts of generosity or
mercy. They have been kept in ignorance, and
the caprices of their tyrants (for every Turk was a
sovereign among the Greeks) conspired with the
dreary darkness of their minds to foster the worst
passions of which the heart is capable. Their
vices are the vices of slavery, and every crime they
commit adds but another reason to those which are

derived from other and better sources in favour of
their claim to liberty.
The Greeks of Constantinople have accused the
Jewi of that capital of having betrayed them to the
Turks, and of having accelerated by various means
the destruction of their lives and property. Some
Greeks who had escaped from Constantinople tb
Odessa, smarting still under a keen sense of the
sufferings of their nation, much of *lnch they attri-
buted, whether falsely or otherwise, to the Jews,
no sooner found themselves in a state of security at
Odessa, than they began to perpetrate upon the
Jews at Odessa the same cruelties which they had
themselves experienced from the Turks in Constan-
tinople ! Such is the nature of man! The only
difference between the Greeks and the Turks was
the casual possession or absence of power ! Circum-
staocca make theta alternately oppressors and op-
pressed, and they prove the same constitution of
mind, by pursuing the same purpose by means pre-
cisely inflator. The Greeks claimed our sympathy
in Constantinople, because we there sew the inno-
cent suffering for the crimes which others had com-
mitted ; in Odessa they excite our abhorrence, when
we see them just escaped from destruction, bath-
ing their bands in the blood of men who to them
' were individually strangers, end guiltless of any
°truce. We find them too staining the purity of
their sanctuary by the barbarous massacre of others,
who, like'lliemselves, were without a country, and
partook at the moment of the same hospitality.
The energy of the Russian Government soon check-
ed this ebullition of national vengeance, and some
of the principal offenders were to answer for their
infraction of the law..
A private letter from Tunis, of the 24th of June,
states, that the greatest activity prevails there in
equipping ;ships of war, which are supposed to be
intended to co-operate with the Turks against the
Greeks of the Archipelago. Previous accounts had
taught us to believe that the Barbary Regencies
had refused to obey the summons of the Porte; but
the rapid equipment of ships of war in the harbour
of Tunis raises a ready apprehension that such
accounts were incorrect. The Tunisian Govern-
ment has manifested.a very hostile feeling against
the Greeks residing within its territories, and the
populace sheered a, disposition to imitate the con-
duct of the people of Constantinople, but the
Christian inhabitants of Tullis have hitherto been
••

from pillage and murder by the energy
British and French Consols;
.AVe Itiveeceived Madrid Repent 'to the 41st
' hey give • favourable impression of the
tranquillity of the Peninsula, which must be
' to the energy of the Government. There
or Anarchists, who hold their sittings at

the coffee-house Fontana del ore, iii Madrid, who
indulge in the most revolting languor, tending, as
it would seem, to absolve the people from all alk-
giauce, and to arm them against rich other.
The Political Chief of Madrid has addressed to
them a very energetic remonstrance, and swimmers
that in future an Officer of Police will attend their
sittings, for the purpose of preventing ►he use of
such improper language.

An account of the departure of the KING from
Portsmouth for the Isle of Wight, on his way to
Ireland, is given in another part of our Paper.
Ili* MAJESTY is expected to land et Holyhead,
and pay a visit to the Marquis of ArraLuau, at
Plasnewyd. The band' of the 7th hussars have
been brought from Dublin to meet his MAJRITT
■t that place. They arrived at Holyhead ou Sun-
day, and proceeded immediately to Plasnewyd.

The Camel storeship arrived on Wednesday morn-
ing at Portsmouth from St. Helena, which she left
on the 47th May. She has brought to England the
suite of the late NAPOLEON, composed of Count
and Countess BERTRAND, and four children, Count
MONTHOLON, I'rofe►sor A !STU N IMA ItClll, surgeon;
Signor VIGNot.i, priest; MARCMAND, valet; No-
♦.rasa, and wife; ST. DENTS, and wife; A RCHASI-
-13 4 VET, groom; PI ERRoN, Ist Maitre d'Hotel ;
COURCEAU, 2d ditto; ETIENNE BRONGE, servant
to Count BERTRAND; CHANDELIER, a cook, and
two Chinese cooks. Colonel NICHOL, who set
off to town with dispatches, and part of the 66th
regiment, also came in the Camel. The remainder
of the regiment is on its return to England in the
Abundance storeship, which was to sai► from St.
Helena a fortnight after the Camel. None of NA-
POLEON'S suite are permitted to laud.

The following is an extract of a letter received
yesterday by an eminent mercantile house in the
city Odessa, July G.—The reports of the day are
now strongly in favour of a continued amity with
Turkey. and we confidently look forward to our
navigation receiving no further interruption than
what arises from the immediate wants of the Turkish
Government. The Greek cause in Moldavia and
these part., is, we understand, annihilated, and
.:Y.PBILANTI himself runs every risk of being
taken. patient:lily as it is said that the neighbour-
ing European States have refused to• afford him
protection.'
• General.krir THOMAS MAITLAND arrived at Ports-
mouth on Wednesday morning : he goes out in the
hiemen, Captain SIBLEY, who has orders to get
ready for sea with all poasible dispatch.

The people of Huddersfield, it is said, are sub-
acribiog to present Mr. HUME with a piece of
superfine broad cloth as a mark of their gratitude
for his Parliamentary exertions.
Invalids from the 2d, or Queen's, and 2lst Fu-
aileers, arrived in the Medusa transport, at Cork,
f• Barbadoes, on Saturday last.
The Doris frigate, for Rio Janeiro, is at Saint
'flee Pake of rn.Bedford, HALLIDAY, from Ja-
maica to London, was totally wrecked three leagues
east of Cape Antonio; crew saved.
A petition has been presented to the Chamber
of Deputies, praying, that the remains of Bonaparte
might be conveyed to France. The following is a
translation
" TO MRISIZURS THE MEMIWILS or Tat CSIAMBER OP
DEPUTIES.
Messlnione—Napoleon is no more! we claim his

remains. The honour. of France requires this restitution;
said what the honour of France requires will be amain.
'slushed. She cannot endure that he who was her Chief—that
he whom .he saluted with the designation vf Greet, and the
title of Emperor, should remain as a trophy in the hands of
foreigners; and that every Eriglislimnn may say, on showing
au insolent monument,' Here is the Emperor of the French !'
" We bare the honour to be, with the most profound
respect, Messieurs,
" Your verb humble and very obedient &mime,
" The Baron GOURGAUD, Ex..Aitle-de-Camp
of Napoleon.
" The Colonel FABYIER.
" The Count ARMAND de BRIQUEVILLE.
" FKANCOIS CASSIN (de Nantes).
" HENRY HARTMAN, Manufacturer.
" Paris, July 14, 1821."

The Roman bridge which was discovered in
Holland in 1818, is now wholly cleared from the
turf with which it was surrounded. It is three
miles long, and IS feet broad. It was laid by the
fifteenth cohort of Germanicus, over the marshes,
which deep beds of tort have since been formed,
and, in all probability, gradually sunk into the
marsh by its own weight. The resinous particles
which ate in the marshy soil have probably contri-
buted to preserve the bridge, which is entirely of
tvood. Every six feet there were posts to support
the railing, as may be judged by the holes in which
they were fixed. This great work, which consists
of • judicious number of beams, appears to have
been wrought with very large axes ; the workman-
ship is admirable.
In consequence of the unsettled weather, and the
late hay-harvest, it is probable the crops will be ma.
terially injured. We strongly recomme►d our agri-
cultural friends to strew a few handsful of common
' salt, if dirty it does not matter, between each layer
of hay in making the rick, which► will render the
worst hay palatable to cattle and horses, and ma-
terially improve the best.--The quantity of salt re-
quired will not exceed five or six pounds to a ton, if
so much, and the expense will be most amply re-
paid by the good effects it will have on the hay. It
will also prevent its beco►ning mow-burned. We
shall be glad at some future time to hear the re-
sult of the experiment, if some of our friends will
try it,—( fieteferd Journal.)

morning of the day before yesterday the Greeks consider of its sinner. The Ambassador. in the pretested I
who took refuge here from Constantinople,ekad w. ‘tisean time, has received instructions to leave the of .be Brit
were so Wittdly received, commit the dominions of Tuileejif.-tbe satisfaction required ' •'''.:' • -
Alp. ta,,,
excesses. foie men Who
~.... not grantrit_inkri thitinnistildereof tapc hue- Jul ---
ed thetswgies‘ be eaetiSeed like - , sisa army tat 'now seats upon the• frontier! a Jy: 111
displayed Thai' bravery by ill
4gesgtr
As. . lOW Moldavia havi received sealed orders, which they general Ire
cruel and most unworthrrassm-Is.eusp-pmforitt tr. not to open before a certain day. We are not . attributed
•is a Club
Jews in the streets,• in theirisessii, and eves hal& • apprised iir the nature of the satisfaction required.
synagogue. The bankers hove had their desks but in the Vienna letter a doubt iti vary properly the !ult.". -
