WecterY FOR TIIR ABOLITION OF SLIDER}'.

The Annual Meeting of the Society for the Abolition of Slavery,
pursuant to adjournment, took place yesterday at the Fteemaaon a
Tavern. The Duke of °Lout:errs a in the Chair.
The large hall of the Freemason's Tavern was occupied from an
early hour with an eleglant assemblage of Ladies and Dentlemen.
Every suitable accommodation had been previously provided;
seats raised one above the other were erxted on the platform, and
on either side of the ball. Before the Chair was taken every seat was
oceapled. The galleries were engaged for ladies (who composed
the majority of the meeting), and altogether the comp d'tri( presented
a most pleasing and imposing spectacle. Amongst many distin-
guished persons present we observed Lord Calthorpe, Mr. Wilber-
force (the former sat on the right and the latter ou tbe left of his Royal
Highness), Mr. Money, M.P. Mr. W. Smith, 'M.P., Mr. But-
terworth, 'M.P., 311. Stephen. 'M.P. and Master in Chancery, the
Hon. A. Ellis, 31. P., the lion. S. Rice, M.P., the Hon. B
Noel, he. t
The Secretary then proceeded to read the report, which, among%
other interesting details, recited an account of the proceedings in the
case of Missionary Smith. It also suggested a subscription for the
widow of the late Missionary Smith. which was hailed with accla-
mation, and a similar expression of feeling was manifested at
the tribute of respect paid by the Report to the exentplary and
humane conduct of the Reverend Mr. Austin. The Report
also alluded to the treatment of the slaves in other Cola
nies ; and in a peculiar manner to the execution of eight ne-
groes in the island of Jamaica, without an overt act of treason
having been proved against them. The Report, the reading of
which occupied an hour and a quarter, took an able and compre-
hensive review of the various topics connected with the objects of
the Society t The transactions in the Colonies, and the proceed.
ings in and out of Parliament, bearing upon the subject, which
had taken place since the last general meeting of the Society the
recommendation of the Committee to renounce the use of West
India produce, should all other means of procuring the abolition
of slaver fail, was also enthusiastically applauded. The Report
en•• the exertions in the great cause, of Mr. Wilberforce. Mr.
ti:l
St , 1)r. Lushington, and other individuals. The number of
associations throughout the kingdom in aid of the general Society
was no less than 220. In the last Session of Parliament (that of
I 823), the number of . petitions presented to Parliament for the
sacred object of procuring the abolition of slavery, was 22:i ; those
presented on the same subject during the present Session ea.
seeded GOO.

The Report was frequently Interrupted by expressions of Inuit&
ed satisfamson and approval by the meeting.
The Hon. A. EI.1.1:1 rose to submit the first resolution. The
Report that hod just been read gave him, as he was sure it must
the meeting, Infinite pleasure. It contained every thing the meet-
ing could wish it to contain on the subject. lie hoped the cause
of religion, of humanity, and of justice, would triumph over
every obstacle thrown in its way, and that all the exertions of the
Society would be crowned with the most complete success. He
begged leave to conclude, by moving the thanks of the meeting to
the President and Vice-President, the Treasurer and Committee of,
the Society. for the very able and elaborated Report which had just
been read, and that they be requested to take into consideration the
propriety of printing and publishing that Report; and further,
that they be requested to continue to the Society their valuable
services.

31r. STEPHEN, in seconding the resolution, felt that the first
sentiment they ought to express was a sentiment of gratitude to
Divine Providence for the improvement that had already been
effected in the condition of the slaves, and the still greater prospect
of amelioration that the Report just read opened before them.
(Applause.) The fair expectation of increased blessings to the
slaves to which this Society was in no small degree instrumental,
was a source of proud congratulation. It should be borne in mind,
the first efforts of the Society were made at a period more than
unusually dark and unpromising; then, there seemed to be an air
of apathy and of insensibility. among the public respecting the
situation of the slaves. The friends of the slaves and of humanity
waited for a short term witlonit being gratified by the appearance
of any of those beneficial effects which they had calculated. But in
I the trifling period that had elapsed since the fomiation of that
Society much had been done. Let us therefore join the Com-
mittee in expressing our gratitude to Divine Providence, for
having proceeded thus far in the great work. The Society had
many difficulties to encounter t they were assailed by every arti-
fice, and had to struggle against misrepresentation of their prin-
ciples. At his outset he wished to express his gratitude to his
Majesty's Government for what they had already done. (Hear.)
If he looked back to the time at which the Society commenced its
labours' he might truly say that up to that period nothing had been
done. But in the short time that had since elapsed mark what had
taken place. In the first instance, he would call the attention of the
assembly to the introduction of the Law (the Slave Trade Consolida-
Son Bill) which prohibited after three ears should elapse from its
enactment, that !raffle which was not less appaling, not less offen-
sive, not less inhuman than the African Slave Trade—he meant the
Slave Trade which was carried on between the Colonies, and for

which wise and humane law society were indebted to his.liouour-
able and Learned Friend Dr. Lushington. (Applause.) He had
great reason to hope the effect of that law would be equal to the
expectations founded upon it, for he was convinced that his
Majesty's Ministers, and particularly the venerable Nobleman at
the head of the Colonial Department (Earl Bathurst), rook, take
care that no such unholy traffic should be permitted. If the Society
had done no niore than that, they had achieved an object of the
highest imporumee; for it will not in future depend upon the will
of tne l'olonial Slave Proprietors, whether the Negroes who have
succeeded in forntin6 a little establishment in any of the Colonies,
should be tnnakered thence at the will of such master to a distant
settlement, and that he (Mr. Stephen) felt justified in calling a
moot important object amelioration in the condition of the slaves
which had already taken place, and the prospect of still further im-
provement, as proved by the Report. He congratulated the meeting
upon the rational expectation which might be indulged of the ad-
ditional blessings which he trusted would result to the unfor-
tunate slaves, sod to which, without presumption, the Society
might claim to have in some degree contributed. It was a
most valuable enactment that these poor people should not be
torn from their little comparative comforts, from their wives
and children, and friends, merely because their masters could
procure for them in another island or colony a higher price than
waa their value in their own settlement. (Applause). But this
was not all. His Majesty's Government had done now what they
ought to have dune before: they had declared that the Govern-
ment of the Colonies rested exclusively with the Crown--a most
important advantage. The praise of his Majesty's present Mini.
stern led certainly to the conclusion that there must have been
previous neglect. But that which had been done bound Parlia-
ment to proceed in the course which they had begun, and would
teach the Colonial Legislature that we had not yet done
all in our power. But while he thought it wise to give to
his Majesty's present Ministers the rimed of praise for what
they had already effected, he must remark, that in those
Colonies under the immediate influence of the Crown there
had been hitherto no effert made to render the system of
amelioration universal ; and he thought it would not he press-
ing Ministers too far, to request that the sante measures of in.
dulgence should be extended to the slave population of the cld
colonies, which they (the .Ministers) had introdoced into the new.
(Applause.) He was aware that the friends of the amelioration ofl
the condition of the slaves had great difficulties to contend with, to
struggle against prejudice, to grapple with powerful interests, and'
to induce a more equitable line of conduct for the future. If it
were a new thing that it should be recommended to the Colonial
Governments by Parliament to reform the ttlave Laws—if it had
never been attempted before, it might be objected to them that •
reasonable time ought to be suffered to elapse before his Majesty's
Government or Parliament should be pressed to adopt ruch ulterior
measures. But in considering that part of the subject, it would be
necessary to recollect what had occurred at a former period,
and what had been the results. It was of the utmost im-
portance to ascertain the effects of precedents, and he had
for that purpose brought with hint some documents, from
which, with the leave of his Royal Highness and the meet-
ing, he would read a few extracts, in order to chew how the
hopes formed upon the promises now held out could he
checked in the least by the example of former disappointments.
Towards the close of the year 1796 the West India Committee—a
body formed of the most influential roprietors of Colonial pro-
perty resident in this country, most of them Members of Pasha-
ment--came to a resolution to recommend to the Colonial Assent.

blies a reform of that moat iniquitous and cruel system by which
' the slave population was govevned. On the 14th of 14ecember,
1794i,that Committee entered into the following Revolution.—( Here
the Learned (lantleman read the Resolution, which recommended
that Mr. Charles Ellis be requested to make a motion on the sub.
ject in his place in l'arhament, and to give notice of it at an early
day, for the appointment of • Commitee on the subject ; and that
it be an instruction to the Committee not to desist from their la-
bours until something shin have been effected ; and further, it was
. .

essaeatial that the i'onimittee should give directions that his Ma-
jesty's Government should be requested to give such orders to the
Governors of the Colonies as should produce the moral and Tell-
glows improvement of the Negroes, and thus secure a lasting im-
provement in their state.) They were but too well aware that no
disposition had been displayed by the assemblies to co-operate ice
the education or moral instruction of the slaves. No ; far from it :
the Visionaries experienced from them nothing but opposition,
calumny, persecution. confiscation of their little property, destruc-
tion of their meeting-house, and condemnation of themselves to the
gallows. (Cheers.) These were the only encouragements they
had received in the prosecution of their arduous labours. (Loud
applauees.) A recommendation ;had also been made from this
country to enforce the impartial administration of justice in those
Colonies. On that subject they had the confession of Sir Wil-
liam, who had previously been made Governor, that in 1011,
which was fifteen years after the recommendation of Parliament
to that effect, who states, that he is sorry to say that this, from
circumstances, was next toimpossible, for what protection would
they expect to receive when, whatever were the goodness of the
laws themselves, it sax certain that owing to the situation of the'
colonies, and the condition and state of its population, those,
laws were made a dead letter in consequence of the rule.
adopted relative to the admission of evidence.? These rules oc-
casioned the rejection in nine tames out of ten of the only wit-
nesses who would or could speak to the offences committed by
Whites against the NNroes. In pursuing the subject, Lord
Bathurst in his speech hxl said, that this was the recommendation
which they had found most difficult in obtaining any attention
to prove the Colonial Legislations of the alleged ilsnger that might
arise from the admission of negro evidence in affecting the case of
accused white people; yet, after such an admission by these l.egis.
latures, it was found that a Court had proceeded to take such evi-
dence on the last trial of Mr. Smith ; and it was on this, and this
evidence only, that a Missionary had been found guilty, and sen-
tenced to lose his life; and that, too, on the evidence principally
of one who was giving such evidence in the hope of saving his own
forfeited life. (Loud cheers.) Was it on the evidence of such a
man as this that a Court Martial should have assume,' the guilt
of a Minister of the Gospel. shwa they scateneed to death, though

' labouring under a puliannary ennaumption which had reduced
him to that condition that he hid probably but a few weeks more
to live, in this world, whilst the evidence beeped on him',
that most absurd charge of endeavouring to make himself
Emperor of a few negroes in the wilds and wallops: of Gums.
It had been argued out of door* and in the Colombo, that by
debating the subject too ate', we west risking too much—risking
in fact the property, the lives of the whites, and the safety of the
Colony. To that argument he felt himself, were be even now in the
period of life which be might consider his best days. incapable of
of in addition any answer stronger than that which might be
extracted from the report 'filch they had just heard read, and which ;
had been drawn up with so much force and ehility. He would how-
ever suppose a care by way of elucidation, of a person who haul pr 0...!
claimed himself aloud the enemy of that neat and useful improve. I
ment, namely, the light procured front gas; and, who, whilst he
was denouncing the introduction of gas in lighting up the public
streets as dangerous and injudicious in any well regulated society,
was detected introducing gas into his own warehouses, wherein I
were contained a variety of combustible materials. Now, certainly'
whatever persons generally might think of the noxious or dangerous
qualities of gas, all would have but one opinion of hint who re-
flected on this extraordinary conduct, and exclaim that he must be
an impostor. The discussions on the subject of the gradual
provement and amelioration of the condition of the slaves was con-
fined to newspapers and pamphlets, which rarely could ever come
into the hands of the Negro population, but which had a very general
circulation amongst the planters, whom all admitted to be capable of ,
extreme agitation on this topic, as might be collected from the very
Inflammatory resolutions entered into already on a late occasion con. I
fleeted with the alleged frequency of such discussions in Eitgliutd.
The charge levelled against the endeavours of this Society, of
being resolved on obtaining nothing short of immediate enianclpui
tion of the slaves, though untrue, had, as his Royal Highness I
would perceive, a direct tendency to alarm and exupernte the feel. I
ings of plain men so circumstanced, who supposed their interests
identified with the present system of IVeet India slavery. Nothing I
amid be more unfair than the reiterations of such charges.
They were perfectly unfounded, and were as great an °fence
against reason as the system of slaver, was in itself a sin
against justice. (Cheers.) He feared he had too long trespassed
on their valuable time. (Loud cheers.) With a view to laird
others an opportunity of addressing the Meeting, he should Weap
here, convinced that he could not more essentially serve the geese
cause so dear to all, than by falling in with the recommendation
of the report. namely, to exhort them to endeavour by addreame
and publications from time to time, to call forth the expression wt
the public voice and public sense spinet the continuance of this
enormous and crying evil. (Much :heeling.) The lion. Gentles
man concluded by seconding the motion.
The Hon. BAPTIST Noer. said, that if asudden communication
had reached the colonial proprietors that his Majesty's Government
had emeheipated the whole /due population of the West Indies,
it could not come upon them with more eurprise—indre like a
thunder-clap, than did the announcement of his name to propose ;
the next resolution.
.(Ilear, hear). He felt a want of collected.
nee* and self-possession to enable him to state his sentiments as he
would wish ; one sentiment, however, had taken strong • I
of his mind, that was the persevering zeal of such a ' ety as the
present, and with the blessing of God they would be enabled to I
achieve the great work of mercy in which they embarked. That 1
slavery was repugnant to the principles of Christianity, was a pro,
position which did not need the aid of argument to sustain. It ;
was not with slavery in the abstract they had to deal, but with the !
slavery that prevailed in our West India Colonies ; and a system I
could not possibly exist more inconsistent with good government,
and more at variance with the dictates of true religion. It could
not be denied but that the condition of the slaves in our
West Indio Islands relieved the negroes from that degree of moral
responsibility to which we were subject. It was impossible to ,
suppose that human beings who were placed under the despotic
control of their masters,—liable to be torn front their relations and
friends,—their feelings outraged,--every cruelty and insult heaped
upon them without the power almost of murmur or complaint : it
could not be thst persons so situated were responsible for their ac.
tions, In the same degree that they were who lived under the pro.
tection of a happier Government. The improved condition of the
slave population had been spokes of, but that he was not prepared
to admit. He had the influential authority of the petit Gentlemen
who spoke last for saying, that the
i negroes now were in as advanced
en a state of improvement as they were n 1797, and in no better.
(Hear, hear.) The spirit and practice of the colonial system of
slavery were fully manifested in the late proceedings which wok
place at Demerara, at the Court-Martial by which Mr. Smith was
tried. At that ('curt-Martial doctrines were advanced which sans-
tied him that thesystem was altogether at variance with Christianity.
Amongst the charges preferred against Mr. Smith, he was se.
Bused of having inculcated on the minds of his tempera—
tion the very first duties of a Christian—the observance
of the Sabbath. (Applause.). Thus, the inculcation of the first
and bounden duty of a ('hristian was made mutter of charge,
against this Christian Minister ; and this too was complained of at'
a time that his congregation exceeded in amount even nine-tenths
of the whole population of the Island. We who enjoyed the at-,
mosphere of liberty could not fairly appreciate all the enormities
of this system ; hut we should feel for those who did, and who
groaned under a slavery which annihilated the best feelings of the
human heart, and which spread contagion wherever it extended;
cursing every thing connected with it ; blighting the prosperity of
the land, and withering the fertility of the soil. (Apilause.) It
became us to make the utmost effort to wipe off the stigma of the
disgrace of such proceedings--to persevere with a steadiness that no
calumny could not overcome, no Interests repel, no object divert
us, in order to procure the speediest termination to this atrocious'
system of oppression and irreligion, (Cheers.) Let us gather all
the resources we can to aid ps in this goodly undertaking ; let us
not cease to denounce the abuses to which outraged humanity is
subjected in our present mode of Government. We have before
us many bright examples--who have laboured, and who have la-
boured successfully in the pious endeavour of ameliorming the
condition of the slave imputation. It remains only for us to iin-
bihe their feelings, and tread in their steps. (Applause.) He
would conclude by proposing the wood resolution, which he
would leave to be supported by the eloquence of the gentleman
who would second it ; a gentleman more competent in every re-
spect than lie was to do it justice.
That in the opinion of this Meeting, the bondage in which
1100.000 of their fellow-subjects are held, is repugnant to the
spirit of Christianity, contrary to the soundest maxims of. policy,
and a gross violation of the principles of humanity and justice ;
and that animated with the hope of being instrumental in putting
a period to this state of oppression and suffering, and wiping out this
foul reproach to the British name and character, the Meeting now
pledge themselves to prosecute the sacred cause they have under-
taken, with zeal, activity and perseverance, until, by the blessing of
(lad on their united cabins. they are enabled to rejoice together in
the final accomplishment of their great work of mercy."
Mr. J. al eceuxey then rose, and addressed the meeting
in • strain of animated eloquence, which was received with
frequent expressions of applause. He spoke nearly to the
following effect :—llad I been requested, Sir, to lend my support
to any other motion than that which your Royal Highness has just
heard, I should not have offered myself to your notice without
great reluctance. I should have felt that our cause, though it can
never have a more zealous friend, might easily have found an able
and more experienced advocate. I should have thought it deli.
table that you should be addressed by some gentleman who had
distinguished himself in this, or in a former great contest for the
tights of human nature, rather than by one whose only claim on
your attention in derived from services not his own. (Hear.) From
these feelings I am relieved by. the nature of the present motion.
It is a motion which, as I conceive, I can second, not only without
presumption, but whit peculiar propriety. It is a motion which
seems especially to belong to those who are entering upon life ; to
those who, though they have not contributed to yonr past successes,
are ambitious to participate in your future labours. It pledges us
to continued exertion. It announces that even if those in whose
guidance we have hitherto confided be destined to leave unfinished
the werk which they have so gloriously begun, the good cause
shall not therefore want fresh champions ; nor, if it be must be so,
fresh martyrs. (('heers.) As a friend to humanity, Sir, I cannot
look without delight on such a meeting assembled for such an ob-
ject. We hest much indeed of the danger of these discussions.
We are told that they inflame the passions of the slave, and en.
danger the person and property of the master. We arc abjured to
takc warning by the commotion* of liarbadoes and Demerara ; and
I fear that these admonitions have pnelueed an effect on many
honourable and tenevolent minds. Fully as those representctions
have been this day refuted, cannot refrain from adverting to the
contradiction which they have received from our culversarics them-
selves. It is certainly strange that these forebedings should in
general proceed from the same prisons who have assured us that
the system of colonial slavery is the glory of the English name,
and the envy of the English peasant, that its evils exist only
in theory, and that in its practical operations it is the
greatest of blessings. No assertions, however hold and per-
tinacious, can possibly obtain ceedit when they so directly
contradict each other. Never was any government at once so
benignant and so insecure : never were any subjects at once so hap-
py and so turbulent. Abuses merely speculative never yet roused
to revolt the great body of any people. An educated man of en.
lamed views and enthusiastic temper, a Thrums or a Sidney, may
indeed convince himself that one form of government has a greater
tendency than another to promote :he happiness of mankind, and
by such considerations he may be induced to engage in hazardous
enterprise. But it is not thus that the multitude is influenced. If
they are excited to rebellion, it is by evils which address themselves
to their senses• and perceptibly diminish their personal enjoyments,
by the violation of the sacred ties of nature, by the spoliation of the,
honest fruits of industry, by unmeasured exaction, by stripes, by
insulta, by the strong necessity of famine. These things sting
them to madness ; these things turn ploughshares into swords and
pruning.huuka into spears. (Applause.) We hear that this sys-
tem, in theory confessedly odious, is, in practice, lenient and
beral; and abundance of local testimony is adduced to this effect.'
Local testimony is indeed invaluable when it can be obtained un-
' adulterated by local interest and local prejudice. But that It is
adulterated I always will believe, when I sec that it contradicts
great general principles. Is it possible that the power with which
time slave codes invest the master an be possessed without being
perpetually abused ? if so, then is then. no tnmth in experience,
then is there no consistency in human nature ; then is history a fa-
ble, and political science a juggle, and the wisdom of our
ancestors madness, and the British Constitution a name. Let
ws breuk up the benches of the House of Commons for fire-
wood, unit cut Magna Charts into battledores. (A laugh.)
When this country has bun endangered, either by arbitrary o pwer
or by popular delusion, truth has still powierwed one irrisistible
organ, and justice one inviolable tribunal—that organ has been an
English Pfau, and that tribunal an English Jury. But in those
wretched islands we see a Prey more hostile to truth than any can.
we. and Juries mote insensible to justice than any Star-chamber.
In those islands alone is exemplified the full meaning of the most
tremendous of the curses denounced against the apostate Hebrews,
•-• I will curse your blessings." (Loud cheers.) I said that we
could prove this out of the :uoutha of our opponents. There are

few here, I presume, Who have not bestowed some aitentios on the
trial of the late His Smith. We remember, and e3od Almighty
forbid that eeee we should forget, how, on that Wag= hatted,
deep cunning, tremorous hatred, regulated every proceedhseteill
substituted for every law—allowed its victims no sanctuary the
house of mourning, no refuge in the very grave. Trek k HAW
the members of that Court-martial have narrowly escaped the stlar.
ma of a Parliunentery censure—true it is that those *lttihad not
the hardihood to acquit, had not the virtue to condenen them I but
no leas true is it that the country has pronounced against them its
damnatory verdict—has passed its sentence, and will assuredly ex-
ecute it : no less true is it that they return to England disgraced
men, and that history will rank their names with these ot the mur-
derous Judges of le/timer and Sidney. (Much epplause.). By
the veiny confessions of our adversaries I am warranted In saying,
that this system ought not to stand ; and, thank Q6d, by the the.
racier of the British people, I am warranted in seeing that it can-
not stand. England' cannot tolerate it trithont renouncing her,
claim to het proudest and rarest distineticins. She has, indeed,
much in which to glory. She may boast of her encient laws,
her magnificent literature, her vast empire, her long lilt of military
and trutritime triumphs. But she has still a higher praise. It is
her peculiar glory—not that die has ruled so Widely— not that site
has conquered so splendidly, but that she hes ruled only to bless,
and conquered only to spare. (Much cheering.) Her mightiest
empire is that of her manners, her language, and her laws; her
proudest victories those which she has achieved over ignorance said
ferocity i her moo durable tiophies, those which she hat erected in
the butte of civilized and liberated nations. The strong moral
feeling of the English people, their hatred of Injustice—their die.
position to make every sacrifice, rather then participate in Riffle-_
these have long been their glory, their strength, and their safety.
I trust that they long will be W. I trust that they will feel on this,
err they have felt on so many othUr occasions, that the policy which
justice and mercy recommend, is that which can alone secure flee
happiness of nations and the stability of thrones. It is delightful,
Sir, to look forward to the time when a series of wise and libmQ
measures shall have released islands en highly favoured by the
bounty of Providence, from the carne inflicted en them by the
frantic rapacity of men. Then the peasant of the Antilles will tee
longer crawl in listless and trembling dejection round a pkatatiso,
from whose fruits he must derive no advantage, and a hut, whose
door fields him op protection ; but when his cheerful and velum.
eery khaur is performed, he will return, with the firm step and
meet brow of a British citizen, from the field which is his freehold,
Is the house which is his castle. Then those regions, where civi-
lised= hoe hitherto displayed only its strength, shall exhibit also
the dints of fie simian and its mar/. Arts, aciencee, letters,
owl laws, benevolent Institutions, the temples of a pure religion.
dm assets of a legitimate commerce, tribunals where equal justice
may be expected, even by a negro or osniasionmy—Senatot, where
liberal sentiments and decorous phraseology will have succeeded to
the doctrines and the language of Buccaneers, (Hew hear. bear.)
Look at the maritime empire of Britain, at its commode' opelence,
at its martial glory, at the proud list of its great men, and then re-
! fleet from what we were relied and by what means. These things
• should inspire us with hope, and not with hope alone. Do we owe
so many blessings to the generosity ef an ignorant priest, in a dark
age and • distant country ? And shall we, who live in the full
I blaze of moral and intellectual light, exert ourselves for the welfare
of those over whose fate we possess an irresistible control, and in
whose wrongs we have most deeply participated ? Again, there-
fore, and again, we pledge ourselves to this good cause. Danger,
1 difficulty, opposition, shall only animate us to the work. We will
consider every success as a presage of final triumph, every failure
as a call for redoubled exertion. Slander, enmity, derision, we
expect and we despise. When the crusader in Talmo lifts hie sword
to undo the enchantment of the haunted forest, gigantic forme sur-
round him, terrible voices menace him, the sky is derkened, the
wind rises, the earth shakes beneath his fret; but the blow is
'thick, and immediately the sun thine' forth, the storm subsides,
and the demons fly howling from the spot which they can pollute
no longer. We are bound on at higher adventure; we are sworn to
undo the spell of a fouler witchcraft, and it is not by any tempest
which the infernal arts of our opponents can con:furs up against us,
that we will be turned back from the high enterprise. Never, never
shall this contest be terminated, but by a decisive victory of those
principles of honour, benevolence, and freedom, from which alone
states can derive a substantial prosperity, and statesmen an Immor-
tal renown. (I mud and immense cheering.) The Hon. Gentlemee
sat down amidst the repeated plaudits of the meeting. This Tory
eloquent address, of which our limits permit us to give but en ab-
stract, evidently produced a very strung impression on the meeting.
teed CALTHORPL felt the first sentiment he was called omen to
express, was one expressive of regret that the measures of Patna.
meat. during the Session that had just concluded, tended rather te
favour and countenance the delusion of our Colonial policy, than
so correct its abase,. Ile did not blame Ministers, but feared that
from • desire to mark out an impartial course between the aboll.
tionists and the planters, they had been led astray and diverted
from the adoption of any decisive available plan nf amelioration.
At the same time he was convinced of their sincere disposition to
improve their condition. However, it appeared to him, that the
measures proposed were at variance with the language formerly
used; he expected more would be done, and it was a ground et
particular complaint, that Government did not use that influence
and authority with foreign nations, which it might have exercised
to induce them to co-operate in their designs and disposition fee
' the abolition of slavery. (Bar, hear.) Much light had been
thrown on the system of Colonial Government by the case of Mr.
Smith, to which frequent reference had been made in the course of
the discussion.

IDoctor Lushington at this moment entered the MOM, and en
the announcement of hi; name, was welcomed by the atelainatimia
of the meeting.]
Lord CALTIIOIPE resumed. He was glad to en his Hon. and
Learned Friend amongst them. His arrival was so satisfactory
that he could not regard the acclamation that greeted his entrance
as an interruption. Ile waist that moment referring to the case
of Mr. Smith, one in which his llaw. and Lamed Friend was in.
timately conversant. The decision of the House of Commons in
that case—or rather the vote of the majority—evinced • desire to
rescue from censure the mode of trial by which that estimable and
pious Missionary was sentenced to a punishment, than which a
greater could not be awarded to the most atrocious offender, for the
most heinous of crimes. However, the leading Minister of the
Crown did not pronounce a harsher sentence on his conduct than
that he entertained " a too favourable indulgence to the acts of his
congregation." A part of the resolution which he was about to
submit called on the meeting for their sympathy towards the
widow of this unfortunate gentleman. (Hear, hear.) That
sympathy he would not endeavour to excite ; it was unneees.
sary ; there was not a man in that meeting, or in the
country, who did not cherish the most lively sympathy for
her situation. Her husband had faithfully executed his trust ;
he was transported to that place of high glory in which she may
hope hereafter to be united with him. Amongst the consolations
which should now surround her, it was not the least that the Minister
admitted, that if he could not prevent the insurrection at Demerara,
lie at least prevented that insurrection from being sanguinary.
(Applause.) Through theinfluence, then, of this Missionary, it
was admitted that this insurrection, amongst uncivilised people,
too, which made it the more remarkable, had this distinguished
characteristic, that through him blond was spared. (Cheers.)
This should sink deep into the mind of his surviving companion,
and give her an assurance of that bright re.union where.
in another world, they may enjoy that happiness and peace
which was denied to them in this. (Cries of " Hear, hear, hear.")
The resolution contained the expression of another sentiment—a sen.
iment of gratitude to the distinguished individual who brought
forward this great question, and to the Famed associates who
supported him on that occasion. This meeting, lie was sure,
deeply felt what they owed that lion. Gentleman and his friends.
Their feeling was echoed by the general voice of toe country, and,
high as that approbation was, they had a still higher retompence
foe the services they had rendered to the cause of justice, in the
consciousness they themselves must feel in having discharged a ;
most important and most useful public duty. Every ntan who at.
tended to the administration of justice, must feel a great satisfac-
tion in seeing men of their unrivalled talents vindicate British law, !
ani rescue the fair form of justice from the stigma and disgrace
which the proceedings et Demerara had affixed to them. (Cheer's) .
They had done a great service_-and indeed the minister to whom
he had before alluded, stated that the thanks of the country ;
were due to them fur having this great question brought forward in ,
the manner that it had been. By bringing it forward, a great be.
; nefit had been rendered to the cause of humanity, and a serviceable
I exposure of the %Vest Indian mode of Government and law had ;
been developed. lie (Lord C.) was at a loss to know what answer
those 31emben who voted in the majority on that question would
be ready to give their constituents when they would be called upon
to justify it. (Hear, hear.) That there were many Honourable
min in that majority he would not deny; but yet he was at aloss to
conjecture what defence they would be able to set up in vindi-
cation of such a vote, so directly at variance and in opposition to the
evidence, and to the amplest principles of justice. (Hear, hear.)
Ile cared not whether the trial was according to Dutch or English
law ; it was sufficient for him to know that st was oppressive and
unjust 4 and he was satisfied that this court-martial by which Mr.
Smith was tried, was as unlike a tribunal of the same kind in this ;
country, as a trial before a court of judicature in that island would
he unlike a trial in a court of judicature in this. Many who set in
that tribunal were, whilst in this country, of pure and unimpeached
character ; and here was a melancholy proof of what had been al.
leged of this system, fur it not only enslaved the negro population,
but even enslaved the :minds of men who were before honourable
and estimable, and degraded them to sanction proceedings from
which they would before have shrunk in abhorrence. (Hear, hear.)
That such a system would soon have an end he anxiously and sin-
cerely hoped. Confidence should be placed in the measures of
Parliament. But if these were found insufficient, there was a still
higher appeal--to the sense of tee people—by which he did not
mean a refer !nee to the prejudices or passions of the vulgar and
uneducated, but to the opulence, the intell,gence,the virtue, private
and public, that lay in what was usually termed "the middling:
classes of society." They would not sanction the appropriation of
that vast suns which they supplied annually for the public expendi-
ture, to be wasted in the support and maintenance of such • system'
of misgovernment and oppression. In time exercise of that equity !
with which the public mind always observes and superintends
the movenients of Governments' they would refuse to counre.
'lance such proceedings—they would call for inquiry, and de.;
island the substitution of a corrective system. Th
einsults and
abuses with which the newness were treated were aggravated'
by the cutting invective, that the adoption of humane measures, i
and of a milder policy, was not resolved upon out of comniisse- I
ration and regard to the Colonies themselves, as if the exercise of
humanity was to be regarded as an evil, and the extension of
justice an undoubted mischief. He hoped, however, that, by real
and perseverance, they would accomplish the glorious object they
had in view, and that they would experience the consummation of
their wishes in the admission of all the subjects of the British do.:
minions into a participation of the blessings of the Constitution.
(Much applause.) The Noble Lord then moved—" That this
meeting, in comnton with the nation at large. view with sorrow
and indignation the gross violatien of law and justice exhibited

at tlemerera in the trial and tenvictism of Mr. &Ai 6141011116..
Say ; and while they express their detestation of the esßini eel
on to which he fell a victim, they are sexiest atehonsese
me to their cordial sympathy with hie afflicted widow, ea
account of the irre ble sufferings she has experiential while
sharing her hue 's imprisonment, and the irreparable lose ire
has sustained by his untimely death. Nor do they feel it a duty
less incumbent on them to pay their heartfelt tribute of applause
and acknowledgment to Henry lhoughani end his amociasn Ia
Parliament. who have so nobly and effectually vir.dicated tbe eba-
Teeter of this traduced and persecuted missionary, and whose splen-
did and successful efforts in exposing oppression, and asserting the
cause of truth, innocence, and justice, entitle them to the grinned*
of their country and mankind.
Mr. Teceon MONEY seeondedeleit Resolution. lle yea de-
Sghted with the sentiments he had that day heard from those gentle-
men who had addressed the meeting, and with the sentiineets gnome
more than the sou of one (Mr. Macauley) whose *mien were well
known and appreciated, end who deserved to be named with& Wil.
begone and 4 iidephens. (Applause.) He fully conclave in the
sentiments of the Resolution moved by the Noble L
as rd. li ' looked
if
as he did—and the country diti—veith dissatisfaction at Hl'
e decia
non of the House of Commons, or rather at their evesien of a deci-
sion. (Hear, hear.l Ile was at a loss to know on what ground
the motion, which the Hon. and Learned Gentleman who brought
it forward so able sustained, was rejected ; and it was with no
small surprise and regret that be Aland that those who took charge
of the votp.list on that pccawon did him the honour to place his
name in the majority. No motion ever had his more cnrnest and
cordial support. These was an affecting part of the iteselution to
which the Noble Lprd had done justice—that which reI.C.NI to bm
widow of the martyred miar.ienara, who, in the discharge of kis
sacred trust, and because he would not sometime a riolation of the
precepts of the Gospel he had gone 'Meth to preach, utelerwent se
ono and lingering trial, and suffered imprisonment even unto'
death. He would not call for sympathy for the widow of such a
man. He was satisfied that the just and generous s) itapathy of
the country accompanied her in her affliction; and be would add
further, that they were called upon to sabitainer to her necessities.
(Hear, hear, hear.) It was a dutytezehoited mein them by that
Providence which delhteth In ex " sultrier to the widow
and the fatherless." (Cheers.) To the otiouralik and [warped
Gentleman who brought forward this 010dt/A the ottani praise and
gratitude was due. for that service he and they Merited and
received the approbation and blaming, of their country. They had
the self-approbation toe of haed rightly ; and a higher
reward yet awaited them. (Heat)
Doctor LeettinGTol.l rose to propene the next Resolution, and
was received with the warm ablaniatioos of the meeting. lie
regretted the absence of hie Learned leiend (Mr. Brougham). who ,
would have been is attendance. bat was prevented by circus.
stances which be could not 4:entrant. On his part, and on I • halt
of those who cooperated with that distinguished individual, he
begged to return their sincere acknowledgments. The gratitude
of such a meeting must be exceedingly acceptable and pleasing
to them. He was thankful far the manner in which the Noble
Lord expressed that sentiment of gratitude, which he (Doctor
Lushington) was happy to perceive was in unison with the
sentiments of the meeting, mid, be was proud to know, was ie
accordance with the voice and sense of the country. (Aplause.)
For his own part, the recollection of the part he took on that occa-
sion would be a consolation to him to his dying day, and lie was
happy to be able to say that he took some small share in vindicat-
ing the law from the abuses to which it had been subjected, and of
defending the memory of the dead from the smenions, from the
calumnies with which it had been &smiled. (Hear, hear.) It eras
not with a view of signalizing himself in a memorable debate tha
he took the pan he aid ; but because he had studied the whole c,
the proceedings of the trial. He had anxiously and deliberately
weighed the evidence on both sides, and he was conteiced, in his
own mind, of the innocence of him who was accused. (Applause.,
A mocksy of justice had been dealt out to him. Such was the
conclusion to which he are, and such was the conviction to whitte
every men would arrive who would undertake—the time would not
be ens-spent—the perusal of these proceeding,.. So far from
meriting censure, or the slightest diseppenbation. Mr. Smith die.
charged his sacred duties with seal, yet with circumspection—
with energy, yet with temperance. He was not perhaps, and he
(Dr. In) honoured him that he was not, insensible to the oppressions
and cruelties which he saw daily practised on the unfortunate
negrom i his heart was not callous to the feelings of humanity.
Ile might, as a Christian Minister, not have wished to see toe
Sabbath violated, and religious worship denied to the unfortunate
negro whose forlorn situation wide the consolations of !elision
doubly sweet and acceptable to him ; for as he was shut out trots
all hope of comfort " on this side of the grave," it was natural for
him to rack consolation from hope hereafter. (Applause.) For
his own part, if lie (Mr. L.) were to witness such insults and op.
pressione as Mr. Smith was obliged to see inflicted daily on his fel.
low.creatures, he wpgld not undertake to say that hls indignation
would net even exceed that which Mr. Smith must have felt at •iae
nesting them. (Hear, hear.) In his opinion the leading pried-
ple of this Soceety should be to aim at the total abolition of
slavery. Anything short of that was fruidesa and unavailing.
The means might and must be gradual, but the ultimate end should
be total, utter, and absolute abolition. (Hear, heat.) After
enxious deliberation on the subject, tills was his conviction, far he
could not recognise a right vested by lidence in any man or set
of men, to form a code of slavery far their fellow creatures.
(Cheers.) There was no system of slavery, however modified, into
which abuses would not creep • and though salutary restrictions
may be imposed—though modifications may be made to render
that slavery Nadu, the restraint would be but nominal,—the violas
tion daily. (Hear, hear.) It was impossible that affections of him
man nature could be properly cherished and entertained, whilst a
state of society existed, in which the child was permitted to be torn
from its parents, husbands and wives separated, and where man was
at the mercy, and subject to the tyranny and caprice his fellow.
man. Let it not be said, that when they were fed and clothed,
every thing emissary was done I this was to cast sitesof the same
&cultic*, of the same pet*, of the ammo intellect and immortal
souls as we had, but as though thee were of the brew
Tendon. Again it should be obeerved, that both before and
after Christianity, wherever slavery prevailed crime., and
miseries, and vices, prevailed also. Nor were the crimes con.
tined to the slaves—they were divided almost equally between
them and their masters. The hearts of the masters became cal.
tom from the repetition of the cruelties of which they were elsaly
eyewitnesses; and however they may have been early educated,
after a period they
.became forgetful 07 insensible of those kindly
feelings and principles which they had imbibed in • happier soil
and in better times. (Hear, hear.) Such was the effect pruduzed
by habit, that it reconciled the mind almost teeny thing. He re.
membered a passage in a speech of Lord Grenville, in reply to an
advocate of these barbarities, when it was said that such cruelties
could not be practised where an Englishman was present. Lord
Grenville's answer to that argument was—" I would nut trait
myself under such circumstances—for 1 know the human
mind is so framed, that by the continued repetition of agility.,
in its presence, the feelings become hardened, and the erase
of Abhorrence daily diminished." (('heers.) Such was theopinion
of Lord Grenville—an opinion, sanctioned by the experience ct
slavery all over the world, and no where more than in our West
India Colonies. Ile would not prupooe a sudden abolition, neither
would he deny fair compensation to them who, by purchase or itt_
heritance, may have properties which might be affected ey the
emancipation. But at the same time rash haste should be shunned,
so also every reasonable expedition should be encouraged, and the
principle of ultimate abolition never lost sight of. The a eselution
he was about to propose was one in which be heartily concurred.
It was a resolution ot' thanks to the Rev. Mr. Austin, Chaplain ue
the Colony of Demerara. (Applause.) His conduct was most
meritorious and eeemplary. Connected as he was with the Cm.
vernor, himself a planter—his interests bound up with the planters,
I and the preservation of their friendship—differing too as he did Irons
31r. Smith, and liable to entertain those little bitterneseee that
prevail amongst persons of different religious modes at' worship,
yet was he not discouraged from giving his testintony in the fullest
and most honourable way. So far from disheartened ee induced to
I shrink from truth in consideration of these circumstances, he was
only the more emboldened and encouraged to do an act of justice—
.be dared persecution in its height. At the rick of loss of property,
the cesessiun of friends, the injury of hie dearest interests, he
, scorned to participate in an art of oppression and injustice, and
, boldly and fearlessly tendered evidence which confounded the op.
; preesors of Mr. Smith and vindicated his innocence. His coutlect
throughout exhibited acts s.f heroic virtue not to he exceeded in the
conduct of any othar man in the annals of any history. (Cheer..)
He was proud he was a member and anitainer of the church of Erie.
land, well did he become his ministry. Ile bad been persecuted ter
his noble conduct, and it probably might hanpen that lie would
have to seek an asylum in this country : it' so, he was sure he would
be welcomed with acclamation. Here he would be protected, mater.
mined, and sustained—here it would not be made a charge of crime
against him, nor would he be left destitute, because he lad not lent
himself to oppression and shrunk (coin a participation in a legalised
murder. (hoed applause.) What must be the feelings cif those
who prevented the wife of that unfortunate gentleman from wend-
ing the funeral of her husband, and who had even the baseness and
want of common decency to prostrate the little memorial eluelt tee
pious gratitude of his congregation had raised over him. The Hue.
and Learned Gentleman then adverted to the manner in which the
casco( nth Smith had been disposed of in Parliament, which would
operate as a most injurious example in the colonies; for the rejtc.
tion of his Hon. Friend's motion amounted to an encouragement of
the system. He concluded by beseeching them always to bear in
mind the principles with which he had set out—teat their sale aim
and object should be •• the abolition of slavery in every part of the
British dominions and all over the world." (Much cheering.)
Mr. W. SMITH, M.P. wax unwilling to trespass at any length
en the attention of the meeting at that advanced hour et the even-
ing. He was desirous of making two observations. The first was,
that the people of this country must have no very favourable opi.
uion of the sate of Society at Demerara, when ibe Governor him.
self declared that a Court Martial was preferable to a Jury of
planters. This was not a little strange. and the more so when he
recollected the Governor was hirewlf a Winter. The mine
observation he was desirous of offering laid, that althouelt he
admitted religious instruction to be the best mode art pre.
paring the slaves for the reception of freedom, yet lie
would not make their freedom conditional on their conversion to
Christianity, hut would extend to them the blessings of liberty,
although they remained heathens all their lives. The lime Gentle-
man concluded by secoeding the resolution of his Hoc. kneed,
which was to the following t.•ftict :
•• That this Meeting are desirous of expressing their unfeigned
esteem and admiration of the Rev. W. S. Austin, Chaldean of the
l'olony of DettlfrAta, whose conduct in the Call: of the missionary.
Ale Smith, has exhibited a signal display of active benevolence.
of inflexible adherence to the cause of truth and justice, and of
unshaken intrepidity in the defence of innocence calumniated by
prejudice, and oppressed by power,"
Mr. NV it. nett rune e, in rising to propose the next and last re.
solution, al:0100nd by the unintended and unavoidable absence
of his lion. Friend (Mr. Buxton). Ile would be reeteeed foe
tieing thus late. as leng habit and experience in this self:eve if

.1

I!

tot other and better considerations, made bim deeply interested in
.tbe 'object that called them together. it was to ham a source of
,sincei wheasure to see so brilliant itn MMiliblage brought together
fur such a purpose, and it gave him assurance of deal success to
find the rising genevation take rich an interest in this question,
and to observe so merry young and ardent minds bringing,
as t:tey hr curt that day. greet zeal and ability in furtherance
sod support of this benevolent Mellettre. it was gratifyinfooz him
to observe, that now whoa be and other veterans were t, in
the ordioary outran of nature, to retire from the hell, there
.ate others, many mom, able and willing to mimed them. Since
he bed that esipired in this reuse, a desire for the amelioration of
Inc sine moieties had greatly increased in the public mind. It
min net isentomery now to rely on the exertions of indivliluals, a
*misty was formed, and had grown in a short time to power and
Freett'its persevering exertion,' he had the strongest
.bepue meetem, The distance df the sufferers should not &M-
-aisie mar Wrest in their destiny. We may not hear their cries,
net me their bleeding bodies, but though oar offended eyes may
not witness migh spit:odes, yet should we extend stir syte(atiiy
meet the Adam*, and wading to the principle ot his
Lelleol4 Fiend, Wt. Lialhillrall), whom love of liberty Wm
well known to him, we 'humid endeavour to banish
imed slavery
from ',toy M is the British dominions. Vbe llonobrable
and Learned Oondoman then pronounced • warm eulogy en the
td.oquent addmemier Jir. .3liesuley, both for what it protrilsed,
and what it perfaessei and bore testimony to thc merits and ser-
vices of his father, who, although like himself, had been subject to
calumny and revilement, yet had survived those calumnies, and
men the minted of enduring them it the amelioration of the eon,
blide if thousands of his fellow.creatmes to which his ellhrta hid
tau mainly instrumental. The resolution he had to prdpriee was
see tameseve of gratitude to hie Royal Highness. vie (Mr. W.)
stag known and somired the attachment of his Royal Highness
. t liberty, and had witnessed the active and seder. assistance he
had given to the deep interest he had always taken in the ameliora.
moo tithe condition of the slaye piston. He was raised above
the level of other men, motto loot down on them, but the better to
see amend bim when, sod how he might best relieve their wants,
and place a limitation to their diettemes. (Applause.) 'De con-
e: t:ee by proposing—
• rh,u tho meek cordial aeknerflrisrments Of this Seieha hi
icapectfully prsiosted to the President of this Society, his Royal
Highness /be iteke of Obsicesler, for the sallow' and undewiiting
support he ham uniformly given to those principles on which the
Society is [minded t foe the gratifying promptitude with whieb
Mhos &Riedel to its objects the honour and benefit of his die n.
guished pitrooage, for his kindoms in accepting the Chair this day,
end* his able wader: in the Chair."
The Duke of OLoncerre a thanked the meeting for the kind
espreeeleas of gratitude with which they had honoured hint. Ile
was also thankful to hie Hon. Friend for the flattering limns in
able., be conveyed the sentiments of the meeting. His lion.
Friend was the veteran champion in this cause. and as'" land
wire kiwis& cat Was vern." he felt peculiar satisfaction and pride
ip his mearneedation of him. He was most anginal' for the eman.
apeekszt of the slave population--indeed it would 11l become a
member of the House of Srunswielt, who hod been placed on
die twine of these realms by the free 'nice of the people, not to be
authMed tethe of freedom. (Applause.) Ile sktred with
his Hun. and beamed Friend that total abolition should be their
arm—they should calculate with certainty the freedom of the nest
mostation—but not desithir 'of freetian for the present. (('heers.)
The abolition should be gradual, but it should finally be absolute
end complete. (Applause.)
His Royal Highness ohms withdrew amid the cheers of the meet.
'3g, which broke up at bult.pitst fire o'clock.
Ifirm..l-••-""oiftemol'-"
TILE BAP IST SOCIETY FOR PROMOTING
THE GOSPEL IN IRELAND.

. thise Society held its tenth in7r47.—ersnry yesterday at tit City of
load* Tavern, Dishopsgate.strect ; Illill although the Chair was
takes so owl as seven o'clock in the morning, there was a very
tarp c of respectable persons, the majority of whom
i=crig
owe A and soon after the business had commenced the
cal=irrerassed to several hundreds.
illi. Intivid having for mine time pant engaged A con.
obisaillio phains of the public tutention, every, thing tat is eon.
Midi yids alb 411 that has refertnee to its mural condition, come.
gee * 681101111111 a matter of interest. This Society states its tib-
iae embeds" pomootion of the Gospel in Ireland, hut it distinctly
diatiinatillaelantrits at sectarian proselytism. Its aim is to rune.
beesntaltillesiltion of the lower Irish, iluungh the medium of re-
adies 111111110 ho, uooonfined to any particular catechism or creed.
At the ram Warmer, it% friends openly avow their fnm W-
hereas. In. dna iniseli 'a of the Reformation, and so far so their
oposannim aoltaltladv in accordance wi,h them, they may bo lat.
rayed andlial a bat In every other respect they leave the ado& of
stoma the Imanitet free to adopt whatever aced conviction may
=ar maatienea may approve. We should think tb• moot
dreamt of religious freedom could not object to this ; and
itr=although the Society is called the Baptist Society, yet ins
are not directol4o propagate ^any of the opinions pecolitt
to that son, it appears. to us tat every sincere Mend to Debited,
stegin medially to put se posmeting its success.
JOildlod BUTTgaWOIOIIII, EAS, toot therhair, and after a
prays had been allbsudhe by a Kairtvend Gentleman (we believe
Mr. James). he (Oh. Jar* Butterworth) opened the !rumi-
nates of the day. tat inaing„ Out since the Idst anniversary,
be had vitiate Was* and had its an upportnniry of judging of
the omential importanee of this Society to that unhappy. country.
The scones of depravity, and mental anti moral dr-mutation which
ho lad witnessed there, were of. the most deptri;ble descrip.
tion.
•,- the • - . ....

Illoomace, .. -*valid wretchedneis, the ilth, arid the
one of all that earitributed to the domestic Kin/forts of
i•illtlsagosimear:iled anions the lower chimes of the leieh,' we
ft wweirepuaterelt to exaggerate the picture, tot,,
leafion of expressing the disgust 1* experienced in en.
thole miserable people. Ragslindlethorante, end
sithltion, and idleness, presented themselves every.
whinerbeileSeet of the province ut•Connaught which he had visited
—Roeconarson. And all these things seemed to be an natural to the
• peephs, ilist theyapneared not to have the least consciousness of their
meson. ('he fkra the most alesehl %opera! ition pretailine among
t wm eoukreet be denied. -*A reeky • Many inhere of a smack nd,
vine was me which he would mention. At cettain times in the,
year the lowest grade of the native Ilia' assembled in great num.
Lars (sometime,' Ilefee se 20.0110). at a well, which was coml.
dared holy ; these pore dreatutet would go round this well on their
Late knees several timos, and then a person would Mkt a little of
the waist in the palm of his hand, and pour it dyer therm; audtbis
they considered had the efficacy to cleanse tl.em from their sine.
ease sad other ceremonies they continued to pi:4mm for two days
rr• sad scenes of riot and depravity always terminated these
'
eolellee. He mentioned these things to shew to what a dis-
trait's; state the lower order' of the people were bmught ; and to,
press how ameds it became those who felt for the honour and glcry '
°idled, to asm every means in theirpower to rescue these unhappy
beings from so deplorable& condition. lye would not oteeipy more
of their time, as he dared to say, there were many gertlemen pre-
sent who would be able to give them a more ?Meet description of
tee:amend degradation of Inland, titan hie beeriisit had qualified
Lunt to do. He should, therefore, call upon their wrkthy Secretary
to reed the Report of the proceedings of the Committee-diming the
Feet yew.
;The Reir. 1. IVIXEIi then read the Report. It stated, that
during the pate year the Society, thentig'n their agents, had gra-
tuitously supplied the trial' with 500 Bible& and 2,4000 Testaments
in the Irish and English languages. 'list member of the dry schools
was Si, siteate, with a trw exceptions, in the provinces of Con.
neught and 3lunster : 15 of these were exclitaively for females.
There were also 14 livening Schools, principally fey adults, besides
some Sunday Schools. The number of' child:as amounted to up.
worth of RAMO; theme chiefly belonged to Roman Catholic parents.
It had required 3,0111 copies of the first Spelling Book, and 2,:,0
teethe second, to otippirthe wenn of these itelenls. They were
printed for the Society in Ireland, and gratuitously distributed.
The estimation be which the Schools were held by the resident'
emir! eight be *Aged of from the circumstance that during the
Loot yew, in flommught alone. upwards of Ilefe. had been contd.
bused stemsills the funds of the Institution; and the pecuniary &a-
ssesses Abided by persons in Ireland had increased every year.
The Report concluded by saying, that it was surely not too much
to expect, out of the' 410,0.1 chiWireri. betides adults, who bad been
might to read the Scripture'', many had become honest arid got d
tehrbitians ; and the Committee felt confident that, so far as the
labour', of the Society had been mended. the temporal and spin.
sued a Ware of the peasantry of Ireland had been the gratifying
resole
The Ter:emir n then easel the accounts, by which it appeared
a debt ut hffile had been discharged since the last year, and that
ilm fund, were in &Nattering sate.
The flee. Ille. Rea arsow, of the Established Church, felt
pettily Itoround in havindbeea called upon to take a part in the
ewe..hoes of the day, and combined himself very festinate at
having the resolution he was about to move placed in his hands.'
.I'4a native of that country to which the efforta of the Society were',
exehetivrly dirreted, he had an additional satientetion In aidreseing
that assembly. It hod been said that, in reference to shoeless-eel
behind, little Ow but calumny had been armed; but shill he dg.
preened any overcharged descriptinn If the imolai and mold
depravity of his country, yet he ahould equally deprecate that;
WAIT kind of sentiment that amid keep back Iran view the true
pietare of the depravity that ?tally rid exist. lie stated this with
every kind feeling towards his ranee land. There may be then ,
p,• ueent some of lea ceumrynien„ and if there were, he would say '
to them, in the tone 'pinto( patriotism, do net attempt to disguise
the truth ; de) net aim at CaVerinV neer Ilit!elleef theecilate in your
country; but conte forward aids me, and acknowledge the lobe.
'ably of Engbinil towards her, and thank Britons for the',
grist and genenets brunt/ they have bestowed upon you. It
was inn to be dented that there woes much distress in Iteland, and
he Gould bear teetimony after e. nine years' reeiderce in that country
teat there wee not a word in the report that hail jnst been read, a(.
'hough to similar teems:mations he had heard unary ohjernonte
made yet he could testify that there was not a %lawmen' contained
to it ;bet what lie had isiteessed with his own eyes. lie had seen
that gem, seperitition Sew I a Ili steak out and give thing* their
proper twain, for what was it hut superstition) which had been de.
acriaLd by their honourable Chairman. he had seen those cere-
monies performed which served only to ;dung* his nittetremen into
the very worst irate of human wretchednere For could the
must determined ail-Neste of die Runtish (hutch state that
:my of these things could have the least moral tendency,
would they say that the result was beneficial to the people ; fie
could rot believe that any man would come forward to justify
aunt things, and the sooner they were got rid of the better. It was
griodying to know that the exertions of the Society were directed'
tu those two parts of Ireland which were in the extreniest degree
intaisthle. The one 'sight be described as in a state of crewman
darkieaa, and the other was ever called the but-bed of sedition.,
It was wall-known these in Connaught ignorance prevailed to the
greatest extent; it was the seat of night, darkness covered it ; '
and iu 31unster the must Nl:alit:us pastions were nursed aid'

cherished. It might be said that he came forward as a caleirK
niator, and he knew it had been stated, that taking Eng.
laidand Ireland, and comparing the number of the people
'of both countries, it would be found that education was as:
extensive in the lauer as in the former. But lie would refer to
their opponents fur an argument, and would go to the Memoir of
Captain Rock itself, and quote that writer as an authority for the
truth of what he then asserted ; the very words of that writer were,
" that it is not so much the quantity of education we want, as the
quality." This author then proceeded to state, that as their priests
denied the people the use of the bible. they were driven to other
books of a very different kind. The friends of the society did not
say the Irish were In want of the knowledge of mechanics, or of
the arts, nay rather, he would sty that they knew too much of these ,
things, for they served to aid them in their dangerous and despe.l
rate earns, end it wu like putting the dagger into the hand of the
assassin to suffer this knowledge to go unaccomnied b the prin-
ciples of morality and religion. The Reverend Gentle y man then
.poke of the great benefits that were likely to result from teaching
the Irish in their own native language. and contended that it was
impossible to destroy that language otherwise than by gaining over
the affectionsof the people through Its red rani. Their prejudices
leer, to be subdued not by force, but by the gentle means of per.
million, and coodlistory acts of kindness. The Reverend Gentle-
man concluded an eloquent speech by moving, that the Report be
adopted and circulated at the discretion of the Committee.
The Rev. Mr. 1110aoest seconded the resolution, which war
enanimously adopted.
The Rev. Mr. Awrixason moved that the meeting wu con-
vlhced by the experience of every year, that no mean was so well
calculated to benefit the popnlation of Ireland, especially those
adults who were able to read, and who mold speak only the Irish
I an the employment of 'lrish Scripture readers, and
whi t'vejolced that the Divine Blessing hail already attended the
isbeetrs et threw who was thus engaged. recommended that that
mode of disseminating religious knowledge should be still more
exeseeinny employed, not doubting but the liberality of the
,Choiallas public would readily meet any Increased expenditore.
The Paw. tiestlemsn said it had occurred to him that they deceived
Itheissives, as to the militate of the Whole wand—idolay he
bend 'tined much More Alan they wore diepoeed to think: not
may In remote parts of the Globe. but in Bsirope, and even
is their own county. While,
li hornet he strenuously opposed '
the neftg system of Rome Cattillieisen, he feint afar different
Ming 'when le spoke of the Roman eitholle himself. He said It
with thedeepcst earnestnees—" Woe to me it I hate ndt Popery
but wee to me if I love not Papists." This *as a distinction'
which it behoved every one teslear in mind—a witledifferetwo of
feeling ought to exist towards the men and the systetn. The Rev.
ileer then took a copious slew of the principle tenets of the
Catholin, and tanned very forcibly in refutation of them. He also
spoke of the great utility of taking advantage of the Irish language
as a means of instructing those people; and observed that no
language could be forcibly destroyed. The Isle of Man was • cor.
neseative proof of this. In the year'lNC the Bishop announced
to the Wish Authorities, that he was happy teriety the English
language was become universal, and that the Marks ins almost
lost among the people. But whet was the fact ! When the Bible
Society, in 1896, inquired into the circumstances, they Thund that
there was not a stank parish in which the Minks languge"naa
not spoken, and they had since actually translated the Satinets
into that monde.
J. 8. TAYLOR. Esq. of the Middle Temple. rose 19 second
the Resolution. He observed, that when that Society was firm
established upon those prhiciples by which its success bad been
secured, there were two objections raised against it. The one was,
that the teachingof the Irish petiole in their vernacular tongue was
visionary and impracticable, and if practicable, then it would only
produce ill will, and a wider "Unction between Ireland and this
country, But they had had experience to oppose to these critical and
unpropitious prophesies. They had tried that principle in Wales,
and had been euccessful ; they had tried it inlndia, and had there
accomplished as great a work as wee ever offered to the contempla-
tion of the human mind. The Learned Gentleman proceeded for
some ihne in a mostenimated manner, to argue ia support of the
measures pursued by the Society, but our limits will not permit us
to follow him.
Thee Resohttion was put me carried trianimously.
J. E. BICHINO, Eau. moved the thanks of the meeting to the
Treasurer and Secretaries. He observed, that they had that day
had ample evidence of the capabilities of the Irish character, in tie
two Gentlemen who bad so eloquently and impassionedly addressed
them, and he insisted on it that the elements of the people of Ire-
hold were capable of being formed into the most perfect character
the world, were they but moderated and directed by the cool
dictates of a sound judgment. The Learned Gentleman then spoke
of the object of the Society, and thought that a spirit of opposition
to the Catholics had beer. sh •wn by some of the speakers, which
was contrary to the original purposes for which the Society was
established. He regretted this, because he considered its objects
were to better tit, condition of the Irish people, to improve their
morals, and to leave them to the choice of their own religion.
These were, he insisted, the things fur which the Sudety has ori-
ginally fanned.
The Rev. Mr. Funnel seconded the motion.
Mr. Be eine the Treasurer. returned thanks.
The Rev. J. let as r:r, one of the Secretaries, also returned thailts,
and said, he apprehended that they did not deviate from the objects
originally proposed by the Society. by. avowing their attachment to
the principles of Proteatentivien. Their aim was to promote reli-
gious instruction, and of course that instruction must be in unison
with those great principle% that were established, and niumphant
at the Reformation, and which they professed, in opposition to the
dogmas of Popery. He made these observations in consequence of
what had fallen from a very respectable gentlman, who seemed to
think they had deserted the principles with whidh they had started.
The Rev. Mr. *arrant. inoveti the thanks of the Meeting to
the Committee.
The Rev. Mr. Jetzt Wonted t'. • motion.
The Rev. Mr. Knew moved the thanks of the Meeting to those
whose exertions had enabled the Society to effect the poleaxing
change in the state of their finances, which had been that day
announced.
The Rev. Mr. Bier seconded the motion.
The Rev. F. A. Cox moved the thanks of the Meeting to the
Chairman, which was seconded by Mr. W. Buses.
The CHAIRUAN made his acknowledgemesite, and the Meeting
broke up.
The collections made at the doors were, we are glad to say, very
considerable.
