~ • .
or Germany, it it finds in. eh. e prams. and firmness
of its Prince~, or the inviolate asaintessace of its
el'utting constitutions; in the faithful sentiments of its
People, and in the powerful auaranteg of its union;
.he saran' and the energy which it nei,ly to maintain,
pa_gliis threatening time. Ida lutenist pt, j 44-.
fmeltistione, Its indepeisilence, its dignity, :..nd its
arrient character. Ilia Majesty is convinced thnt none of
ilia treble Genitals Allies w,ll be insensible to such glory;
sing is Anil warms himself happy to les able one dog rei
thins a share in it, iu the consciousney of,liseing yea fall
an 'trillions, nu sacrifice*, to promote re great and glorious
ti sad."
The Prince of Cimit:ilebas set out to return to
Naples.. on receiving front Warsow the declaration
to the Emperor of Rtiwia, that he would be re-
ceived.—(Aligenreine Zeiiueg, geptestler 22.)

TRIUMPH OF rivlL vitt/at
art BUROPIC

. .
Yesterday a National Dinner was given at the
Crown and Anchor Tavern, to celebrate the tri.
.mph of Civil Liberty iu Spain, Portugal, Naples,

end ;
.jor.C.lieral Sir ROBERT WILSON, M.P. in tl!e Chsir.
The attendmce was highly respectable and 11$1*
the company assembled consisting, as
84 we could form an opinion, of nearly five
t.oodred persons. and including many individuals
•Nt.II known and justly eitteinctl in the political

world.
A considerable portion of time was eortanmed in
serving up dinner, which was most abundant and
very excellent, and reflected great credit on the
Pr. prletor of the tavern.
Ass xcellent band was stationed in the gallery,
oil up the Marserillois Hyena and some
other celebrated and popular airs before the appear-
s ice of dinner—end by its performances atter the
ilia was removed, contributed very much to the
I,llar.rty and rationabenjoyment of the seeming.
About twenty minutes past six o'clock Sir Robert
Wilton. accompanied by J. C. Habbowee, Eig.
M.P. Major Cartwright. J. Hume. E-q. M.P. she
/inn. 11. G. Bennett. M.P. Sir G. Noel, M.P.
and Xarioss other distiegUiabed characters, entered
iha room, admerahril. by amend of . the Steward.,.
we of whom bore standards, decorated et the top
w•tls laurels, an'd 'armrest/tett by busts of the
Patriots, Quitutga and Mega. The pro-
ce-sion woes received with loud and rapturous ex-

prrasiona of applause.
The Chairman was supported by J. C. Hob-
hoose.Esq. on his right. and Major Cartwright

on his lea.
Shaltly afterwards Mr. Alderams Wood pre.
akiited himself, and was greeted with universal se-
clamatioss siid waving of handkerchiefs. &r. The
Worthy Alderman took his place at the left of she
Vhsirnsion. Naito Cartwri‘ht giving up that which

he had serulns4.
When the cloth twos removed, the Chairman
Kane-
" The 'King, nail pay he agree forget the priorities
which placed hie rimily ens Hee throne of these COIIIII.IIICI.
Tbr if/il9l was drunk with three times three and
great applause. lint we were sincerely sorry to ob-
serve that some individashi disgraced themselves
by hunitter as well at it, as the air which followed-
Ait-tt call save the King.-
The Uttaiastso itext leave-
" The itnetn; salsoersee fur bee spear, truth for her
'hark", ami the otresonea of the people for her guard."-
thank with three limes three, anal such intense applause,
as re scarcely ever witnessed on any other occasion.
Air-" Hearts of Oak."
The third toast was-" The People, the source of all
authority, whose selfare is the end and object of all Go-
als:olmm." Dratak in the same manner as the Iwo pre-
ceding, sad with euhosiaaic plaudits.
Airl-" Britons, alike twine."
The CHAIRMAN then rose on the table. and ad-
dressed the assembly. It was his duty, he said, to
call the attention of the, assembly whom he had the
honour to address to the Unused ate objects of their
Meeting. The events which they were esseisiblyd to
commetuorat e, all hough they had ocen red in di ff rent
countries., at. different times, and been attended
oath ilifrerent circuinstsoces, were yetoso amalga.
meted in their nature anti character, amid so blend.
ed in their streets, as'to become a proper subject
oh' celebration at a conlinott fcfli4-1:-/4PPIa!".4
-It would base been most ennutural if their
sympathies, ns Englishmen. hod gut been excited
to the highest dt.gtee duttng. the interesting pis,.
.germs of these events, and their deepest iptetrst
weakened by their cuoutunistion..-(Applgarte.l7.-
, 'l'hey would have been deslititte of tall elevated
titling--of all general benevolence of mind, if
tt.Sy Could hare looked tvithrt interest on the
(tarlatan, whether so many millions of I'olow-oleo
obookl .still remain unblessed With freedom, sunk
tw slavery and OPPICIPHSV. or sbuuld,be suceros(pi
in their efforts to receiver a bletniug essential is
the dignity Lindh..pintoes, of itutintu nature. They
must, morenser. have been 'Wind to their own in.
teirettli if they did met view with partiality
toe attempt, made in oilier eattutries fur die
attainment of a free and .eaostientionol tysom err
ouegrologni, which would he to sul.sertient
dirusion-of Mien! princyles all over the .world,
sod which would ilteretyce stilted sei
owns' and security far their own litieriie.a. Tint
that day, or retiser night, woe gone, by, When the
novertinient had been Ale to persuade the people
. • .
.af this country tliat'tkeir prosjietity and hapeiness
gLepeuded on the wretchedness, time iind
degradation of foreign initiiinti.-(Applause.)-
TI:, pt(.l,le el England now saw that Ate nail in.
terr,.is required them to assist and to :note the tit—
co!Ation of Wygi kooodoie, ifiritit; Trke the light of
the run. it was thedesiips of Maio earould be
universal. He kturw. that anent edil. mime sures who
were enemies so the Allusion or light, su l the ad.
venue of liberal institutions; but these were men.
.hilie*rj that Goverinneitt had twee tostitnted
(or flu/Rte ssad mot for the niaing.who thoeigljt that
sive iremealety were nothing, protided that Om isste-
rests of tiwniselves :mei Mere thermals were weaved.
It eottld um, therefore, be surprising that they
should bz 'tract with alarm if they taw natio*.
.I.oyanag 4be fetters. its 'stitch they lead been there.
totem Imuird, and the
,gs.; of titedum {lying on,
Aloe ivies of desposie sway.-s(Grear applause.)
Lit he•eunqced 'God, the netenlitr of these men was,
tlitylkuisliing, while the termite of Europe
isalssid be alle to polgt from the anotha r! and te-
.spactalailley of thosoreting over which be had the
tioir.our to resithr, what an interest these glentous
event.; excited here; and tine the people of Emig.
Taut! *tie ready to embrace the free tat tvery kind,
