JUNIUS'S LETTERS

CIO W N

•
Jest reblialici, in two ►plumes, ivy. price owe Guinta,
in Ibuards,

THE LETTERS td*JU E N 111 S, *prowl li ion ;
witit N.•tes and iliestratiatae; also a derided ("Mem of
"Amur the Author by ROBERT HEW IN,
This Wort is eleiantly printed nu 6 u wsie paper, and
hot preload, awl say he had in twenty aanilirrs, n,„re
at a time ; price our Shilling each N00n..., coistaming forty-

eight rice' of Letter. press.
Published for the Proprietor, by Sherwood, Neely, and
Jones, No. on, Paternoster-row --(if ah may had,
loud,
H R ISON'a NATURALIST'S P;)('K Er MAGAZINE.
This beautiful tittle Work is not to he ego died for price, every
milijrct is accurately coloured from ware ; and many he had
in Number., price Sixpence each; emit number contains
three Plates, and Letter-press deseripti.m. Priute.l on fine
writing paper, andliot.pressed ; cud every Nonilier in thin
Work is romplet!. in iterif ; hat the Sidocrito as are t .
confined to proceed any further firm the execution met...
their ,tioport ; I apt Niiinbcrs wry already published, coutaising
neAr hive hundred different Subjects.

TO 14 EMBERS OF PARLI 4 !WENT, POLITICIANS,Ite.
I'lX.1; VALE, Jun. No. 41, Poll. Mall, rernmct-
folly informs shoos Gentlemen, desirous of information int
the most inspartetrt politwal and cuounert.l3l fact+ relative to
this Connery, that be shall, is a few days, puhltsh a new Eds.
tinn of Mr CHALMERS'S ESTIM ATE of the COM l'A•
IIATIVE STRENGTH of GREAT BRITAIN, (unhea-
led' to the pretest yeas, in one large volume, SOO.
• The HISTORY' ofthe INIIUI4ITION will be ready
fin delivery in cis course of Iketelexe week.

SPYRINC4 and AIARSDEN'S Inure LESION
ACID, for Pelvis, Lemonade, Sbrob, Ne gas, Solaces,
Jolliet, and every parpose in Conlirry.
Families, Tsv...rim, and Inas, will find it extremelv con-
venient to keep by Skein it puniest* all Ike grateful ilevour
of the Lennie saver trouble, and in always cbr. ap,.r.
Offerers saffesilemen travelline, Captains of Sln;ni and
others guilt( lung Verifts, will lind it partireilarly
as it is perfectly dry said puparable, and trill keep us every
climairo.—lt nerds only • trial to be aprew.ed.
Prepared only at Skew authorise, ib7, H.rovals, Lasalle"'
6d. also three qa.sotitier to one, 7s
and *Omit LAOIS at is. 61. by moat Oilmen, Druggists
Grocers, sad Libissics, hi Town, nod Canonry
LAST LOTTERY,

tads Febraut), Irlo.
.. Prize uf Littooo
. .
7
3

LATE LOTTEIIt,
Stud+ th.b.ber, isv9.

. PI i2es of L. 20,009
So.*
iinuo
Sue

le Capitals. I a Capitals.
EN1..014 the dmv.. TWENTY CAPITA!.
I I
PRiZrs, to the tr. o last Lotteries, in Shares, al 4,
Cos OHO, and .t, C10v.0tve,..16 ; *here Tirkets amid ShArr-
are *Oho( hi. lb. Theo Litters. to be drawn the ads of
Jane The Scheme is the 'woe as the ;114, but the Con
tractor matt" a Free Girt of FOCtri IIUS IMF.° tVIIOLE
tit•I‘T.CS to the holder of the first .Ir tart Prier shove Ist
by !limb a ai riche* may gam the totosettae awn a;
to.nowtorl and a' area! h (..,00. I.
salt gr•til, and the 1...f...we
hullers of oily Share* of the above C.loo aa . rat..
in iv ceerlire the In navy 0., &mind, or t -hs .le the:. Priv •
•o r •eketo sod (h wee la tits New L 'Req., at 4, Co 16.1i,atil
9, Chat.og Cu.,.0

ertll4

VRICE SIXPENCE-HALFPENNY.

This day see publisise* pries iii.
OBSERV A PIONS ou the CRIMINAL I.A W
sof F.NGLANb. as it relates to CAPITAL rt%
hisumENTs; sod co the Mode 'is skids it Is solso.aze
trred. By liar SAMUEL ROM ILLY.
Printed fur T.. Caen end W. Dimes, Sirai4
--..-....

This day ts published, price 2s A new Editium;lseing the
third, of
rinSiERV ATIONS rrapecting *l,O PUBLIC
IL .1 EXPENDITURE, and the INFLUENCE of the

By the Right Hon. GEORGE ROAP..
Priiited for T. Cada mud W. Device, ti,reltl.

FLOWERS OF LITERATUKL. •
Vol. VII . for taint-9.
Thin day are published, price lie. extra board*, realmettisbed
with Porto:ill/ of the Kee. Dr Dawn., sir It K. PolrilS.
Alias Temple, Mr. Diatuad, jou. aud Mr. liaphiastotie,
IN VIE FLOWERS of LITER ; or,
111 Cbaraet•-risfic Sketches of Modem Manners; contain-
ing so talettratiait fidorsdir of die Lives siod. Ww*ug. 01 the
shove popular Authors. Also, uuincroloi Nal ra-
tire., gum", lie esk-eisted to .+I.IIIIP aod the Ito i-
sitsaaos. Ifyr vibilh Is i 4 id, ,Viet/ of Literature, for
t
Lemke: %rioted the' V; 616,1 and Co Xi itmers.e‘ort,
*item the ((near Vanillin" Italy he had-

PIAIW EIS. Of .1./Y.OtATtlitit,'
CROSKY eu l C 4).. :Lie4 ,0 inf:rtn the
ALP* Sohierib,re to the slttivr jdrCy.stlissirit Work, that
a hew aid Eatrrtainiair for 1 1141*—',1, 1.1 1144 d,y
publimbed, which comets of liiti rary of 'be re-
arid day. Mau, Itumarapliieul Sketch. lourtiaila u 1 tie
Kau. Ur Mayor, Miss l'elaple. Sir K K. Moat., 31r. 131,
mood, just. and Mr. Elphiaatiine
Wardiaarre-ruurt, Ludgate-t.ll, April 14, 1419.
••• A few Sets iu ti tub and same uf the latter velem*
play lowitad.

Books is Theoloity, jest published by J. MA It MAN
No. 10,, Nsßey:
I.rpHE TE‘IPLE et' TRUTH ; ar, he ;wit
LL System of Reason, Philoaopy, Virtue, and M....ivy,
analytically arranged. Second Edition. lu Due lar;;, i yo.
Tame, ate. es. board'.
By the value Author,
2. STUDir..O ; Sacred and Philasuphte adapted to the
Trample of Tenth. Handsomely priated, in One large VIP'
lame, eve. ga. boards.
3. A BODY ..ITHCOLOGY, principally peat treat. le
• Series eif Lectures, with a copiJus Index. By Robert

Felluwes, A.M. thus.
These Le/quits enibraee the wrist 111417Ittitallf Qursti'ins
is Tlecoliiiry, and the mind important antics in 3lerall, s
est spy mixture of sectarian distils:Mutt, or polemical as.
perity. They are a's in windier ; and Mile i. is hupril that
they sill pry% e interestine rind instructive to the general
n6;41..0141 silt furnish 'wire) midi a COlirte uf&rm.ns
tar the Yesi. to 'ran Vilititlit, 410. i s. in buurds.

.
By the same Author,
4.. A BRIEF TR LAIISE uu
suct Practically considered. Footers', boo. 3s. tufa.

- -
S. A NIANV AI. of PIETY, adapted to the wows and
rolcolated fur the Improvement of all Sect, of CUnctiour ;
extracted from 81. c Holy Urinated It)ine "(Jeremy
edit a Pr.facr, Life of Author, and Additions. fly Rub..tt
t theme., A. 11.1 Kan. aro. 7s. 'weeds.
6. ft EKNIt)NS VARIOUS SUBJECTS By the Rey.
Joseph Torrosentl, Mortar of Prasey, Wilt., and Author of
' A Journey thronli Spats; tic. aro.
7. Au ESSAY es the NATIDINE end IM AUTANILITT
of opposition to S. OPHISTRY and Act:TT',
cism. By James Beattie, LE D. Professor of Mural Phi.
losophy mid in tire 31.oliclial College and University
Aber.l.ea. S. venlig Edition, aro ga. Ismrk
s. SERtIONS nu a FUTURE sTATc, ana ATUTUAL
R EII/GNITION of each other, and us other s•o•jects- By
the Rev. ft. Shepherd, Arelidemon of Bcdf.rd Ss Mi.
9. fly the some Acker. NOTES CHII ..' 11.
DISSERTATOR 1 on the GOSPEL aryl 61418.1
St. JOHN. In one volume tin. U r,s.
10. SELECTIONS from tire ..f TAYLOR,
HOOKER, MILTON, HALL PA it.:oll', act •..)r.l
BACON ; wilt an Aoalysis of the Adenii-eme. t of LeArn...
iag. By Basil 31lootagyt Es... A 11. ',two, two
,s
vols. foolscap aro. oa ouerhise ivorn paper, ito. tit. board.
11. CIASEPSATIONS spoil root, PASsAGI scit ft-
TU RE, whirl, the enemies to R. II tim% Lave tithilikt
Obsuutuur, aUeuded with diticolties ts.t to he ovi.)Jinunt.
ed. B J4eolo Bryant. la oar it.. his. boards.
ISt SERSIO3iS oa intriuts Sabjerts. By Samuel' Stan.
hope Smith, I) D. Prevideht of the College of New Je • z
America, yen 74.6 d. hoards.
13. DISCOURSES, tli.etly on Devotional Snhjeets. v •
the late Rev. Neweouta Cnppe. whirh pro pr. fiord,
Memoir. of his Life, by Callao& inr Cootie. ago. Igo. tll. bds.
14. SERMONS on Tarioug tiohjerts. By the Rev. JAE
Hewlett. 3 Vol.. aro. tl 3s. boards.
IS. A SERMON I.r. sched on the late Fast Day, We4lnes-
day, (hiuhcr tg, tw4.l, at the Parish Chnecit of Shelton,
Nara t. kahirc. ay :Minuet Parr, Ll.. D. SCCA•I4I
ties, with Curreetwaa 4w. 0.6,/, weed,
By the saute Author,
I. A SPITAL SERMON, presieh.-.1 at Christ Chu. eh,
upon Easter Tuesday' April 13, 1100; to which are lid led
Notes. 4to.ys itoordo.
11. A LETIk. front IRENOPOLIS to the INBAR'.
TANTS of EI.EUTHCROPt)LIS; or, A se. ions Addres, to*
the INosentero of B.rmiugham. By a
.Meciiher of the Esta-
blished Chore% The beemel Faidum, price is. MI. waved.
3. A DInCOUSSE on EDUCATION, and or the Plan.
pursued is Chord, Schools. Ito. on. sewed.
t 6. A SERMON on Ike TRANSLATION of the SCRIP-
TURES into ORIENTAL LANGUAGES, preachedtarture
the University of Cumbridee, May to, 11..7.. By the Raw.
Francis %Tram/hem, NI A F.R.S. of Trisilly College, Calm
Waage. Ito. sesta.
re the same Author, _ .

I. A DMERTA floN on the hoet mem', of eivilizions
the Sobjects of the Bcitish Empire in (id ate.
relied.

gibe RESTORATION of LEARNING is the FAST;
■ Poem.- M. AND. sewed.
3. Thine's PRACTICAL %ER mnNs, fonnk•ntrw
Doditridge's Rise and Progroofof RLii4ion in the s.•ut l o
orlon lo err asscsed, Rosie is Miss, &c. Second halit.,in,

4.0. hioirste.
4. The- HOLY LAND; • Seines Prize Poem, e
es 601 110. newest.
5. PtiESIS, cumitaisiwg the 'trituration of Ike .t. •
Seldom Prise Poem, 0794.), nod masa, Translation.. 4e.
gyn. tousras.
6. LESLIE'S SNORT sod EASY IIIETHOD l'pe-
nEmrs, with his Supplementary Tract on the Truth of
Cbriutinoity. comprised. Is. lid. crows aro. se,-ed
7 The ADY APIT AGES of FECSED KNOWLEDGE ;
a Charity School SMIIIOII. t• 6,1. 41.0. AlVted.
9. Tin RAISING of JAlRts.' DAC( tH UER ; • Poem.
r.. which t. unnamed, a Short Strome, Sus of the lute Caro-
hot Symilloss. 4a. 6.4 efo•ne a.u. ward
9. 1117 MAN LAWS best perreft..l by the Gospel Se.-
nwo preached iu the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, 'twit,
'zefure the Hon Sir sonttlec Loworwte, Kal, err of the Jur
lice. of the Coast of King's Math, Much 6, 1140.1. 410
!Or (Id sen rd.
The ViOSPEI. hest promulgated by National Sehtio's
Sermon preached iw the Cathedral Chnerit .if Si I. t.
hifore the Ham. Sir Aran Clvultee, Kit. rote of • •
totittevi of the- Court of Kings iieu. h; a*, the Id • :
..torge Wood, lint. vie of the Barium of the Lselit • .
J4l, 91, taus. 44*. as. 6d. sewed.

.
\c:,...) '. 4 4 •
eo • . . i,"
/
IS3iirefl•ll ,41.941, •-• • .
' .. .
•
_ . •
,XPENCE-HALFPIINN V. •
- ,
. ,
y sit published, price tab. • i 1
INNS on the IfililM IN AI. I.A W , )
lb, as it relates to CAPITAL Pt'.
se the Mode its which it La elles'Atao .
SAMUEL ROM ILLY%
l': Caen and W. Deems, Strand l
_ - —.....-.....-.....
rd, price 2s. A new Edition, lacing the , ,
third, of
(DNS respecting the PuBLIC ; ,11
'LIRE, and the INFLUENCE of the I ?ii
eht Hon. czoßnr. RoAr.. ill'
r. Casten mud W. Davies, h,rmol. 'k
--...
EMS OF LITERATURE.
iiil. VII. fur istm—g. I ..
sad, price lie. extra boards, rrohallisked
r the lira. /31 Mayo., So It K. Porter,
~ Dheusd, jou. and Mr li.lpisiastoue, -
. i
' EHS 01 LI 'MR 4•11..1 ut E ; or,
.!
r. Sketches of Modern Manners; contain. •
Isom* of the Lives siod tVAtougs ut the sil
WS. Alla), UU:lll'aitlisl Assimilates, Nal ra-
tek-elsted to iilikallf akkd tIIIIVCO the In. 1- t '
Oh is shirt, .. „Vice of Literature, for .
Re; ili:l6;e6Sy and t• ifitaitatees.e‘ort,
atilliklk, rimy he, had.
Eitti Of 14)**K AT CR E.
' awl CtL* Lire...! •o i.of ,rtn the
I to the abuse jiistly.adoeired Work, that
sitting Vohime, for itnia--'4, is 'hi. dray
wants of I,iir cart Novefteli of the pre- .
hographieel Sketi.te's and Portraits oT tie
alias Temple, Sir It. K. Poe(ei, 31r. Di-
r. Elphimitone . .
t, Ludgate•ll.ll, April 14, 11119. '
in 6 eds. and Solna ur tli.: lam ter Valente*
--...... .
ogy, just published by .1. MAIVMAN
No. n-2, Poultry:
11 l' I, E of TRUTH ; or, 1 he 1)elt
of Reason, Philosopy, Virtue, and Mori..., . .
Iced. &mood 'Edition. lu Our lark i ti.
cards.
By the name Author,.l
Sacred and Philosophic : adapted to the
~ Handsomely printed, in Our large Yu-
ards.
if THcol.oGY, principally prat heal In
urea, with a copious Index. By Robert
hon. i
es embrace the most momentous Qurstims I
i
I the most importmot antis. •u 3lcrals, a lths . i •
of sectarian disrussint, or i•i4emical as. ..
e 5s in number ; and while i.. is hopril that •
iinteresting and Instructive Ili the general
furnish ti-i. f 'Meg) with a Mirka of Serrano*
5 r.O 1a...., VUIVIIIII,, Art). Its. in boards. i
By the same Author, i
TREAITSF. uu DE.ATll‘Pliilimiphically,
•actically considered. Footer's', sou. as. lids.
tI. of PIETY, adapted to the winds and 111
ie Improvement of all Sect, of Christieur ; ii
lie Holy Living sad D)ing "(Antony Tay!, i
Life of Author, sad Additions. fly Rub,.rt
throe. sons Ts. huger's.
Smo VARIOUS SUBJECTS Ily floe Rev.
til, Rueter of Wormy, Wilts, sod Amino of {
rough Spate; kc..kc. S.C. as. holrik. . {
f an the HATUIR E end IM *UT ABILITY
'
i opposition to Pt IPHISTRY and Act:TT',
.... Brame, LI.. D. Profeasor of Mural Phi. ,
'fie in tire Starlet-hal College and University
s, %volt tAiti.on, aro ge. h.or.ls
04 nu a FUTURE S'L'ATE, siol ATUTUAL
ON of each other, and us other s•o•jects. By 1
eplirrd, Areloleacio. of Pk.* ird ....i. fir Mr.
same Amber. ?SITES CREI ..' iI. ~.i1
'RI on the GOSPEL ant F. 1418.1 ..,..S of
n one volume 1t... II rAt."l.•rem.
PIONS frets the tl'oP.Ks ~f TA V1..0R, • '
lILTONi, HALL ItAitiloW, art Lord
h an Analysis of the Adrati-ever t of Learn..
I Mentage. lily. A M. Seelo.; t. tttiga, two
I.e. on kuperrihse acre paper, ism. tel. board*
VATIONS spina cam, PAS.AGS: in scut rs..
the emetics to R. Intim% Lave .insight ,unit N
I atteeded with ditirultoes tint to he a0,,,,,,,,at.
Itryase. la nags ut. Ito. itts. board..
1:1i8 ea Intrials Ssbjerts. By Samuel' Stan
) D. Prettitleht of the College of New h,•• . ,
7..6d. hoards.
ULISES, cli.edy on Devieineil Snhjeets. Le • 1
Newrozna Cappe. 1.., which ere pritiote.i,
s Life, by Catharine Cappe. MVO. no. dI. Ws.
)NS on Various thilijerte. By the Rev. Jobe • I,:
do. aro. il ss. boards.
$l4/N pro ached on the late rag Day, Wettoes-
-19, ; w... 1, at the Parish Church of liroten,
. ay:Wound Parr, LI..D. Vas SiCk•lill Ego- • I
reetious mid Additions eta. e 5.6.1. searel.
By the saute Author,
AL SERMON, prestah:d at Christ Chuteli, I
rucaday' April 13, law; to *latch are adds.%
Is i,,1. looards. ,
•... r_..— iftol/Analt in I. ill. laiii•iii.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH AND DUTCH PAPERS.

■0"11CH, MARCH 30.

The Commissioners appointed to take vos,ession
of the newly-acquired Provinces, have set out for
their respective destinations. The Provisional Go-
veroinie.iit of the Invertel, sitting lit Rod, has de-
manded of the Authorities, by a circular letter of
the 4th February. as exact account of the capitals
and quit rents belonging to the ceded countries.—
(Moteirear, April 10.)

AUGSBURG, APRIL. I.

The Tyrolean hostages and premiers, who, flow-
ing the insurrection, were arrested and confined in
the Itavarian fortresses of Itombeini, Rosinberg,
ao.I I ogoldst adt, are returning to their home., alter
having taken the oath oftidelity to their legitimate
Sovereign.—(Saute Paper.)

■EIM, WILICH 31.

Our Government has comiuunicated to all the
cantons the names of the thirteen inhabitants of
the CA4111012 of Zurich who were guilty of the crime
of desertion. in clandestinely quitting the Swiss
rewinent in the service of France, in which they
were employed. Agreeably to the decision of the
List Diet, they have lost their rights, as cit'acns,
until they rrjuin their colours.—The institution of
these measures against deserters, has produced• a
very salutary effect, as it is impossible for them to
return to their tenuiliev.—(.donee Paper.)

MM UMW. /bI 11C11 23.

The aiinitt•rsary of the birthed lii• Caiholic Ma-•
je.ty ha, Inca celebrated in th:a town with gnat
1)01111).

Nunierone discharges or artillery were heard
during the uhule day. Te Dews. at whit•h all the
authorities and principal persons in Madrid am.i.t-
ed. was sang iu the inetropoliou church. There
was a grand entertainment at the linvernor's, and
afterwards a concert and ba!l. The three Theatres
were open gratis; and. in the evening, the town
wits brilliantly illuinivated.—(Save Pieper.)

WARSAW, MAUR 25.

By a Decree of the t nth January, His Ma-
jabty has ordered to be ope ned. in ad the Con:-
mottoes and dostriw. or the Gi.and Duchy, registers
far the popuhnion and conacriptiou.—(Same
?Ver.)

VIENNA, ISARCIi 27.

The gram! Hungarian Deputation has Irft Vi.
mina, in order to return t• theugary. The most
d:stiuguished persons of the court and city employed
every pos.itile means to render their stay in the ca-
pitol as agreeable as posable.—(Same Paper.)

•IIGIOURCI, 30.

M. I; tsarists Government, in resuming the ad-
miw•tryuun of the two circles of the bin and ►he
has g yen new orders rektive to the military
couscripurns. This measure has bren attended with
the most loam effect. The yoatis; conscripts every
where present themselves without resistance; all up-
Pear animated by the blot silent. A considerable
number of conscript+, trusts the circle of the lust, ar-
rived.' on the Intth, at Munich.—i'Momitear,
April.)

. • -
LIMBURG. APRIL 4.
It is wit Prince Bagration. but the Russian
• Lieutenant-General Doctorot►, who is approinte I
Plenipotentiary fit the adjustment of the bound-
aries between Austria and Russia. This General
arrived here on the Ist of this Isaiah, mid alighted
at the palace of Count Theodore Potocki. A guard
of honour, consisting of a company of grenadiers,
had liven appoiuted kir him before his arrival.
',MICR?. APRIL 13.
On the I lth instant. at five &clock in the morn-
ing, Ma Majesty arrived in Amsterdam, in good
health. This joyful event was announced to the in-
habitants of the capital by the filing of guns.

CONerlSmurt.E. ran. 16.
The English Ambassador. whose health has been
much impaired since his restdeoce here. is making
preparations for his olerrture. One of his Secre-
t as thafge d 4faires until

to the Court of Socdeu, was presented bf 011
Pliace of Neufchatel.

If/11. 19.

The English have published at Jaitena, sod all
the poets in Turkey, advice to Merchants, by
which they announce that the Ottuanist flag may
freely navigate and go to the ports of France, Italy,
Naples, or lllyria, oil paying to the. Agents of
Greet Britain, a tax of c 2.0 per cent. The mere
quittance of eo per cent. will be their passport (or
going and returning. In consequence of this de-
cision of the Adtui►alty at London, many Ottoman
ship* are preparing t t sail for Leghorn, Naples,
Barlette, Aticoca, Venice, Trieste, and Fiume.—
(.Iluailieur, April 9.)

FURTHER EXTRACTS FROM THE CADIZ PAPERS.

CADIZ, MAIN) il'3.

There is not a day when the government does not
receive contu. * t new proof. of the
progress of the limited flame of insurrection. l'he
inhabitants of Anneal' and its viriseity having learn-
ed that the French were conducting, by Carill to
St. Olalltt, a number of carriages, with ammuni•
tion and oilier effects, which they nail brought from
Seville, collected begether, with some inuelteteLts,
and dispersed soldiers, to the amount of bolt well, in
order to isitereept the convoy. In this, however,
they did mint succeed; the convoy haying already
passed the ;dare where they proposed to attack it ;
but, learning that a party of French were expected
to fnllow, they resoltrd to wait for and attack them.
In this they were Do succeeful, that, out of seventy.
Pix. a Inch was the number of the enemy, only four-
teen remained alive, who acre made prisoners. A
Colonel of dragoon., No. 22, was among the killed,
and the Spaniards took it great quantity of arms,
mmunnition, as also the military chest, with very
interesting paiwro.

The enemy, desiring to revenge their driest, mid
having been repulsed by the inlishitants of Z ileums
mid its sir inity, they renewed their attack on
them; when the latter, haring hero joined by those
of Canary., Santo Bartolomi, Ayarniontr„ Huelva,
Trigurros, Valverde, and other places, the enemy
were completly routed, with grrut loss, which, us-
cording to some accounts, exceed, al ooe hundred
men ; and a her of uns.kets, knapsack., and
other u rid effects.

13y the 1411 accounts from Gibraltar, we learn,
that though. of ilarbrlla, the people were st 6,14
irres•tlute whether they should oppose the enemy,
the arrival of the mould; • •r, of the Sierm, oho
nailed Ito the cannot, of the cantle, and Kok out
the silver which had been already Int•ketl up. to
carry it to 1141.iga, ■n encouraged theist. Ot :a t.a•y
taok up trine, and joined the iustirrectimr of the
Sierra. Frmu the ratite plaice, we learn, that the
pretended J Aleph left Halm OR the 13th of
the prerent mouth, and that o.suna i 1 entirely free.
—(C'mlis Ga:cite of Cuasuarce, Eztraordsaary. of
March t.t ) •

Eoery day our o:icier increaser. that the e:n ..iy
should dare to propose to thean•ch:es the conquest
of Andaln.kia with to small a force. It can only be
accounted for by the ►urprise which their stod,lk
entrance loud hare caused to a priTle is ho r,.,.ed
iu full coolidetice in the force h covered the
Sierra, and the fortifications 'l.y which it was de-
fended.

Insurrection has succeeded to the careless tranquil.
lity with said' the enemy were receiv►d in some
town•, which have alt early ex pee kneed a repetition of
thesaine secure winch were exhibited iu Gallicia and
Catalonia. Woe to those people, who, disregard-
tog their sairrtl ditties, will slot take example by
theist who saci &et them•rltrs for their king, their
country, their lileertiew, and their religion. They
deserve nit the name of Spaniards, and shall, hence.
forth, be treated with the contempt they went, for
their inaction and their cowardice. •

The city of Seville may serve theta for an exam•
pie; the enemy there entered without 'insistence:
they there found spurious Spaniards, sold to their
desolating system. The unhappy populate risw it
with grief, mud oily visited the moment when their
brethren should assist theta, Is give proofs of their

patriotism.
The first benevolent acts of the enemy were to
impose contributions, to overturn all ord. r and fro-
ternment, to seize as plunder whatever raver in
their way, and treat as slaves thaw whom treachery
alone conkd have induced to remain is an actiiity
of which they became the victi.lis. Seville and
Spain In‘t a port of their Tidies by the carrying
away of those valuable pictures winch have long
been the stihniration of foreigners ; and hundreds
of carliagi a, laden with rich ■riclrs, were sent
away to mti•fy the taint of gold of the opprecmr
of Europe.
Fitly French, who, with their Commander, en-
deavoured to ri.t..r At:MU/4 ha., pelished by I IV!'
hands of the prawsitiy, esurpt 14, who were made
prisoners.

There is a .iron= it port that • putty of French,
of :About 7ute nevus, who en& levourrel to enter 01-
vera„ have falls° victims to their rassliness. 11 hot
apishly rah she great towns mule for remaining
in a cnipoble insertion, whet thore tsf the third order
thins hravely tlef-nd iheneseltes against, and repel,
tyranny and slavery ? Cadiz Gazette uf Commerce,
V.)

CxDit, MARCH 29.

The Connril of Rerrney. -ontsoced of the d s-
tingutated tiowlnics, bl.Ol, end atiltary know ledge

of Dun William Stewart, Commands r-Geueral of
the troops of His Britannic Nioje-ty.,iii the Isle of
Leon, and the zeal which he has amides eil in fa-
vour of the most just cease which Spain, sided
by the geivrouti English nation, defends with
SO mach glory, has been pleased to confer on
him, in the manse of our beloved King and
Lord, Don Ferdinand VII., whom (od pre-
serve, the post of (.icutenunt•Geueral of the !tops!
Armies ; and has likewise granted the rank of Co-
lonels of Infantry to the Lieutenant-Colonels of
/Winery and Engineers of the -sure nation,• Dou
Owen Dumplirey and Don George Lin.ltain.—
(Gazelle die Regenry,,)larch 30.)

taries of Legating will art as thafge if t(tfaires twill
the arrival of his successor.
Some privileged reTtsels hire been allowed to go
up the Slat k Sea. upon the condition of brie-log
return cargoes of grain. Petini,sion has alto been
• given to all importers acorn. without distiot t on,
to dispose of it at the market price. We flatter onr.
selves that this measure Mill have the rffrct of .411,-
. plying this capital with a sufficient stock of that
article. ,
TRIM. INARLR 22.
• It is understood that the whole of Istria, formerly
• department of the kingdom of Vali, will he in-
corporated with 111yria, and that Trieste will be the
capital ited seat of government. The king Into of
ltalj will, as au indemnification, receive the Italian
T) rod.
111AWBURON, smut. 7.
• Pr a Itoeol polish patent of the 28th of Frtiru-
' arr, the free exportation of colonial produce from
Alton.' to pl..crs in tile Danish dominions rad
countries, is permitted ; hut the exportation of
milt pm Ince ftiitu Altona to Hoinburgls, or to
iii.tirr foreign Maces, i 4 strictly forbidden. under
ti..•.evere.t penalties.- (Amsterdam Royal (,ommit,
.-April 14.)
courctunt, APRIL Q.
•• Yrocr•Ni, itt mut. His Majesty the Emperor,
wore Use sh.:t. - o.is of the order of St. Etienne,
of Hkowrr•-- ' • mass, M. Alquier, appointel•
• .li:',istet Plealeateatiary.and Envoy Eatraordinary-
.
•
.._
