NEXT SATURDAY

Will be the Last Day you can obtain Tickets and Shares at the
present Price, as they will certainly rise at least Twenty-four
Shillings a Ticket on 31unday morning next.
CARROLL, Contractor, assures the Public this is the
Last Drawing—This is the Last Lottery—This is the Last
Chant*, that will ever be presented to gain a fortune by risking a
mere tritle. The demand is great and general throughout the
Kingdom : CARROLL therefore advises all who intend to have a
Farewell Venture for Thirty Thousand Pounds, to make their our-
chases immediately, as the price of Tickets and Shares will cer-
tainly be much higher; and ehould the demand continue, it may
be impossible to obtain them, at the approach of the drawing, at
any price.
The Scheme contains, for the First, Last, and Only Time in
the annals of Lotteries.

SIX PRIZES of THIRTY THOUSAND POUNDS, &c. &c.
With Every Ticket a Prise !
Forming an Aggregate exceeding .099,000 !
ALL IN ONI, DAY. 18th JULY. when
LOTTERIES END FOR EVER.
Tickets and Shares are now on Sale by CARROLL (Con-
tractor), at his fortunate Offices, No. 19, Cornhill; 7, Char-
ing-cross t and 26, Ozford.street, London; where be sold, within
short period,
4 Prizes or - £30,000 ! I 4 Prizes of .020,000!
And other Capitals in former Lotteries exceeding
A MILLION STERLINU!

lIR. S(./I..INDF.R'S ENGLISH TEA, recommended
.1 by the late Sir Richard Jebb (Physician to the King), and
other eminent Physicians, in preference to Foreign Tea (more par-
ticularly during the Spring and Summer months), as the most
pleasant and powerful restorative hitherto discovered, in all nervous.
bilious and consumptive disorders, and in every other debility of
the nervous system. This Tea is pleasant to the taste, is an ef-
fectual purifier of the blood, and by promoting gentle perspiration,
powerfully assuage, those excruciating pains derived from the gout
and rheumatism ; and is of sovereign efficacy in removing com-
plaints of the head, invigorating the mind from those self-created
alarms, which too frequently render the existence of nervous people
intolerable. Drank warm at night it promwes refreshing rest, and
is a restorative 'medial to the constitution of such as keep late
nouns, or live too freely.
Sold by Sanger, 160, Oxford-street; Hawkins, Bond-street ;
Harris, Ludgate-street; Tait, Cornhill ; Nix and Strandling,
Royal Exchange; and throughout the Kingdom, in packets, 2s. 91;
sad canisters, 10s. 6d. each.

From the kind reception of me upon my canvass, I hare the
fullest confidence that von will rctnrn me as one of your Represen-
tatives in the emuing Parliament. in which event I again renew tup
pledge of devoting my best services and Exertions to the interest of
every elan of my Fellow-Citizens.
I have the honour to be,
Gentlemen,
Your devoted and obliged humble servant.
11-11,1.1.131 VESABLES.

Manaion•lfouse. June 14. 1826,
STATE OF THE POLL.
Thompaon 421.1 I Ward
Waichman :I_Bo The Lord Mayor
Wood 3 LA
The roll will close finally

- 3123
- 2931

in Friday at three o'clock.

I,TR. A LDERNTAN WOOD.—The Committee for
conducting the Election of this worthy Candidate can no
longer delay an appeal to their numerous. cmitid, and enlightened
fellow-citizens. who remain unpolled. They arc strangers to dia.
mar. but they feel solicitu4e and regret.

Well knowin t that the Livery of London are true in attachment,
sound in principle. and kind in heart, they expected that all the
urgency of new Candidates. and of their individual and active
friends. would not have removed their old and only remaining Re-
presentative from the pinnacle on which, by their patronage and
favour. he had been honourably placed. Indeed, they thought that
additional and enthusiastic attachment would have been excited by
a further experietme, during six important years, of independence
that was never shaken, of vigilance that never slumbered, of atten-
tion to all duties, and all interests, and all constituents, that was
never weary, and of an ardent love to liberty that has never grown
cold. Some disappointment they acknowledge to have felt, and
they are pained to observe a Gentleman struggling to maintain the
situation of third Candidate on the poll, whom every one esteems,
and against whom even calumny dares not to whisper a complaint.
They now perceive that a too rigid attention to Parliamentary
duty, which prevented a universal canvass by the Alderman, that
the eager and reiterated solicitations of the supporters of the other
candidates, and that a general opinion of the undoubted security of
Alderman Wood, have produced an injurious operation, and lulled
many well-intentioned and friendly Liverymen into an apathy, from
which the Committee entreat them to awake.

To every class of the Livery the Committee appeal. Respect-
fully they ask of the Aldermen and Corporation, whether as a
Sheriff, Ale•rman, or Lord Mayor, he has ever been surpassed ? Of
his late colleagues and the City Remembrance?. whether greater
Parliamentary attention to the interests of the City was ever dis-
played? Of the patrons of local improvements, whether he has not
originated or mainly sustained all the great and noble improve.
ments of which the City and the country are proud ? Of the advo-
cates for the alteration of the Corn haws, for Retrenchment and
Reform, whether he has not ever constitutionally maintained those
principles, or has ever given • vote which added unnecessarily
to the burdens of the State ? Of the friends to humanity and
religion, whether he hu not been indefatigable in his patron.
age of the education of the poor, in the improvement of the
prisons, in the elevation of the moral character of the people, in
the abrogation of slavery, in the support of Bible societies and all
institutions that would extend the Protestant faith and Christian
doctrine in the British empire, and throughout the world ? Of all
the trading, commercial, shipping, and manufacturing interests,
whether he has not been ever attentive to their wishes, and labo-
rious to obviate any evils for which they sought redress ? And of
every man,whether he has not been ever affable, accessible, prompt,
and devoted to public service ?
It is for this candidate that the Committee feel an interest they
are not ashamed to avow for him ; they intreat all the friends to
independence and worth in this vast metropolis to exert themselves
without delay ; and whose success they firmly believe that all the
Livery, who remain unpolled, will be induced to-morrow by their
influence, as well as by their votes, kindly and with zeal to promote.
JOHN PULLEN, Chairman.
' Committee-room, Cateaton-street.
Wednesday evening. June 14. 182 G.

AT a numerous and respectable MEETING of the
Friends of El/WARD POLHILL, Esq., held at the
Three Tuna Tavern, St. Margaret's-hill, Southwark, on TUES-
DAY, the 13th inst , 182 ti,

STEPHEN 'HOI;LOWAY, Esq. in the Chair;
It appearing to this Meeting that great inconvenience would arise
to the inhabiutets of Southwark by further protracting the Election,
although many Electors remain yet unpulled,
Resolved—fhat the Committees of the different Parishes within
the Borough do respectfully advise and request Edward Polhill,
Esq., their Candidate, to withdraw from the contest.
Resolved—That the grateful thanks of this Meeting be pre-
sented to Edward Polhill, Esq. for the manly and spirited exertions
made by him in support of the glorious cause in which we hare
been engaged, to hand down to posterity unimpaired our venerable
Constitution in Church and State; for the gentlemanly and prompt
attention he has paid to the wishes of many of the respectable
Electors of this Borough, by coming forward on the present occa-
sion, and for his general urbanity throughout the contest ; and
that we pledge ourstlves to support him on any future occasion
with our united and determined efforts, to secure his return to Par-
liament ; and that our worthy Chairman be requested to sign the
same on behalf of this Meeting.
Resolved—That the respectful thanks of this Meeting be given
to John Holmes, Esq. the Iligh Bailiff, for the strictly impartial
and honourable manner in which he has conducted himself during
the present Election, for the ready access at all times afforded to
the Electors, and for his general attention and politeness through-
out the_contest.

Resolved—That the grateful thanks of this Meeting be tendered
to Stephen Holloway, Esry. the proposer, and to James Bishop,
Esq. the seconder, at the nomination of Edward Polhill, EN.,
for their firm, determined, and unwearied exertions during this
Election.

Resolved--That the thanks of this Meeting be presented to the
several Committees, for their great and strenuous support and ex-
ertions throughout this Election, and tOr their ready and prompt
attention to the interest of our worthy Candidate.
Resolved—That the thanks of this Meeting be presented to.
3lessrs. Clutton and Carter, for their kind attention, urbanity of
manners, and unwearied assistance in furthering the objects of our
worthy Candidate during this Election, and fur their able advice
and co-operation.

STEPHEN HOLLOWAY.

The Chairman having left the Chair,
lesolved unanimously—That the united and cordial thanks
of this Meeting be offered to Stephen Holloway, Esq. for the inde-
fatigable, zealous, and continued exertion+ made by him in sup-
port of the cans( in which we have been engaged, and for the great
attention he has bestowed on the business of the Election.
Resolved—That the foregoing resolutions be inserted in several
of the Morning and Evening Newspapers.

SOUTHWARK ELECTION.—The PART IC ULA RS
of all DEMANDS upon Mr. POLHILL, relative to this
ELECTION, an to be forwarded to Messrs. Cluitoo and Caner,
No. 43, High.street, Southwark. in order that the same may be
forthwith adjusted and discharged.

will
M CONCERT
EVENING,
placei
FRIDAY, the Ifith, in the Great Room, Horns' Tavern, Ken-
nington.
Principal Vocal Performers—Madame Caradori Allam, Miss
Love. Miss Curse. Miss H. Cawse, Sig. Curioni. Sig. Pellegrini,
Mr. C. Bland, and Mr. Phillips. Fantasia, Violin, Mr. Mori t
Military Concerto, Mr. Chrotenton (of the Royal Academy of
Music); Concerto Violoncello, Mr. Lindley; and Grand Piano-
forte, Maier Castel', who will perform Illoscheles' celebrated
Fantasia, on the " Fall of Paris," accompanied by a Double
Orchestra. Leader, Mr. Mori ; Conductor, Pio Cianchettini. To
commence at Eight o'clock precisely.
Tickets to be had of Master Castell, 19, Stangate-street, Lam-
beth, and all the principal music shops. For particulars, see banal'
bills.

CIOSNIORA M A.—PA NORA MIC EXHIBITION,
209, Regent-street. The Public are respectfully informed,
that a TOTAL CHANGE having taken plaice in the VIEWS,
they are now as follow :
Aregentx and Lake of Constance. Hospital of St. Bernard, In-
terior of St. Peter's Church and Place Narona at Rome. Berne,
Londm Docks, Arsenal at Lisbon, Mont Blanc, Mount Vesuvius
during an Eruption; Jerusalem, three views of the Chateau and
Park of Versailles, and the Interior of Canterbury Cathedral, which
was exhibited at the opening of the Diorama, and which attracted
so much public attention.
Open from ten in the morning till dusk.—Admittance Is.

APO LLON ICON—A GRAND MUSICAL INSTRU-
MENT, under the immediate patronage of his Majesty,
invented and construcied by FLIGHT and ROBSON, Organ
builders, is now OPEN TO EXHIBITION DAILY, from
One to Four; performing, by its mechanical powers, Mozart's
Overture to Figaro, and Weber's celebrated ()Tenure to Der
Freischutz, which it executes with a grandeur and brilliancy of
effect superior to another Instrument in Europe.
On SATURDAY NEXT, at Two o'clock, Mr. PURKIS,
Professor of Music, will perform on the Apollonicon a SELEC-
TION of favourite MUSIC, in which will be introduced :
Overture, " Don Giovanni," Mosart—Quartet, " Benedictus
Requiem," Ditto—Chorus, " Achieved is the glorious work,"
Haydn—Grand Chorus, " Hidlelujah !" Beethoven—Overture,
" Lodoiska," Cherubini—Song, " Through the forests," Weber
" The Curfew," Attwood—Song. " Are you angry, Mo.
thee r Bishop—Chorus, " Figaro," Alozart—dtc. &c. At the
Rooms, 101, St. Martin's-lane. Admittance ls.

OBERON, the lest Work of the late CARL MARIA
VON WEBER. Just published at the Royal Harmonic
Institution, Argyll Rooms, 216, Regent-street.—The music le the
above celebrated Opera is now published in three acts. The Me.
Indies in the above admired Opera, arranged for the pianoforte
with flute, ad lib., in hooks by J. F. Burrows, la. each. Prince's
Quadrilles, the subjects taken from the above Opera, Is now in the
press. Hummers new Pianoforte Concerto, with Quartet Ac-
companiment,l2s. ; the same, with full Orchestra Accompaniments,
18s.; Hummers Amusement for Pianoforte and Violin, Op. 108
41. Bochsa's Selection of Scottish Melodies for the harp, arranged
in a familiar style. in two books, each SP. Bd. •t " I've roam-
ing," a celebrated Carting sang by Madame Verb* Miss Love,
and Miss Stephens, composed by C. E. Hawn, price 2a. Paine's
Quadrilles, in which is Introduced the celebrated song" I've been
roaming," and other popular melodies, 31.

CONSOLATION to the TREMULOUS WRITER,—
11..} The Public may look to this most singular and unique in-
vention with confidence, as an inestimable source of comfort to
those who experience any difficulties in the command of die Pen,
occasioned by tremor, in nervous affection, heat of climate, agita•
tion of spirits, excessor over exertion. weakness from age or other.
wise, injury of the thumb or fingers by sprain or otherwise, even '
to the loss of part.
This happy relief exists in a little INSTRUMENT, the ap-
pearance of which, when in use. escapes observation, is capable or
giving firmness, confidence, and freedom, and cannot fail to assist
the declining powers of a gocial Penman, and would materially im-
prove the performance of a bid one. It is honoured by the pa-
tronage and recommendation of Sir Astley Cooper, and other
highly respectable professional gentlemen. A few minutes' prac-
tice will prove its efficacy, and it has this advantage over all me-
dicines its power increases by use, and one prescription will last
for life.

blade in elastic gold, price 25'. each.
Sold for the Patentee, by 'f. Pelore and Co. 268, West side
of St. Clement's Church-yard, second door from the corner of the
Strand.

Letters from any part of the Country, post paid, will be promptly
attended to.

RE-ANIMATION.

HE Medicinal effects ofSteel, as a strengthener and
deobstruent, have been acknowledged, for many years, to
excel those of all other articles of the Materia Medics- To con.
atringe and corroborate the solids, appears to be its primary opt.
ration. It raises the pulse, and renders the blood more pure;
strengthens the stomach and digestive organs, and is preferable to
all other remedies in cold, weak, lax, and humid habits; and in
nervous disorders it has the most powerful and beneficial effecw.
SEDDON'S AROMATIC lA/RENDES of STEEL are al-
lowed to be the best preparation of this invaluable Medicine, and
are a discovery of the first importance to the present and succeeding
ages, their happy alias being equally certain and permanent ; so
diffusely salutary, that while they restore tone to the nerves, and
health and vigour to the entire frame, they impart a genial warmth
through every fibre, and exhilarate the animal spirits in such a
manner, that they may fair!, be said to re-animate Nature. In all
cases of nervous debility, relaxation, and weakness of the system in
either sex, whether proceeding from juvenile indiscretion, hot or
unhealthy climates, dissipation, excess, or any other cause what.
ever, they are the best, if not the only remedy. They act not as a
temporary stimulus or irritation, but by gradually strengthening
and renovating the constitution, exciting the healthy action of, and
imparting increased energy and vigour to, every part of the human
frame. . _ _

Prepared by J. P. Seddon, and sold wholesale and retail by his I
agent, Mr. Oufford, 104, Strand, bondon, m boxes, at 7s, and 211 a.
each ; retail also by most venders of medicines in the kingdom.
Caution--Ask for Seddon's Genuine Aromatic Loungeo of Steal,
soil observe his signature on each box.

PECULIARLY SELECT RESIDENCE, SOUTHGATE-

ROAD.
fly Mr. SHUTTLEWORTIL

At the Mart, THIS DAY, at 12, by order of the Executors.
unless acceptable proposals are previously !Slade by Ptivate
Contract,

AN elegant COUNTRY RESIDENCE, with suitable
offices, lawn, pleasure grounds, garden. and meadow land,
comprising together about 3,1, acres, very desirably situate nearly
opposite the 4-mile stone in the Southgate-road. the late residence
of Henry Field, Esq. deceased. The premises have been arranged
with great taste and attention to domestic comfort, and contain six
bed chambers, three dressing rooms, two water-closets, an elegant
bow-windowed drawing room, capital dining room, breakfast par-
lour, store room, handsome entrance hall, principal and sccond
staircases, numerous domestic offices, excellent wine vault and
calving, with a chaise-house. 3-stall stable, lofts, and man-
servant's room, paved yard, and convenient out-buildings. The
garden is walled and abundantly stocked with fruit trees, the
pleasure grounds disposed with great taste, the paddock ornament.
ally situated and belted with a handsome shrubbery walk the
whole securely fenced and in perfect order. The estate is leasehold,
held for a term of 93 years unexpired, at a ground rent.

May be •iewed with tickets only, which. sub particulars. may
be had previous to the sale of Mr. Widdow•s, Church-street, Stoke
Newington; at the Mart; and of Mr. Shuttlew•orth, 213, Poultry.

EXCELLENT LIQUOR-SHOP AND WINE-VAULTS,
LITTLE EARL-STREET, 50110.
By Mr. BELL.
At Garrawav's, on TUESDAY NEXT, at 12, without reserve,
THE valuable LEASE for a term of 36 years, with im-
mediate possession. of that well-arranged Liquor-shop and
Premises, known as the Duke's Head, commandingly situate in
Little Earl-street, Soho, a thoroughfare of considerable impot tance ;
held at a low rent.
To be viewed ; particulars on the premises ; the place of sale ;
and of the Auctioneer, 10, Oaford-street.

REVERSIONARY INTEREST 1N TWO FREEHOLD
HOUSES—GRAFTON-STREET, SOHO.
By Mr. BELL,
At Oarraway's Coffee-house, 'Change-alley. Comhill, on TUES.
DAY NEXT, at 12, by direction of the Auigneea of John
Francis Fairbairn,
THE valuable REVERSIONARY INTEREST of
the BANKRUPT in an old-established PUBLIC-HOUSE
and HOUSE adjoining, in Grafton-street, Soho, Nos. 3 and 4.
Particulars to be had at °Amway's; of Mr. Cotterell, Hart-
street, Bloomsbury ; and of the Auctioneer, 10, Oxford-street.

NET IMPROVED RENTS OF SIXTY POUNDS PER
ANNUM,
__

Well secured on the Queen's Heed, Billingsgate, and !louses ad-
joining, with the valuable Reversions.

By Mr. BELL,
At Garraware, on TUESDAY NEXT, the 20th inst. at 12,
in Two Lout,

THE NET IMPROVED RENT of 171. per Annum,
arising from the Queen's Head Public-house, Darkhouse-
lane, Billingsgate. with the valuable Reversion.
Lot 2.—A NET IMPROVED RENT of 421. les., arising
from Nos. 7,8, and 9. Darkhouse-lane, adjoining ; the whole on
leases to responsible tenants, for which considerable premiums
were given.
Particulars at the Queen's Head, as above ; Hamway's; and of
the Auctioneer, 10, Oxford-street.

OLD-ESTABLISHED AND HIGHLY RESPECTABLE
TAVERN, Wll'll TAP, STABLING, &c. WOOL-
WICH, KENT.
By Mr. BELL,
At °Amway's, on TUESDAY NEN r. at 12, by direction of
the Proprietor, who is succesfully retiring front business. unless
an acceptable offer be previously made by Private Contract,
11HE very valuable LEASE, at a trifling ground-rent,
of that old-established Tavern, the ROYAL MORTAR.
with excellent tap and premises, in the possession of the present
occupier upwards of 30 years, who has and still continues to carry
on a most extensive wine and spirit trade, in addition to the tavern
and tap business. The premises are placed in 3 cominanding
situation, fronting the entrance to the Arsenal, and at the point of
several roads leading to Plumstead.
To be viewed. Particulars on the premises; at the Mitre, Green-
wich ; Bricklayers' Arms, Kent-road; at Garraway's; and of the
Auctioneer, 10, Oxford-street.

RESPECTABLE FREEHOLD RESIDENCE,
Meadow Land, Building-ground, and Cottages, Maidenhead,
Berkshire.

By Mr. BELL,
At Darraway'a, Change-alley, Cornhill, on TUESDAY NEXT,
at 12, in Three hots, unless an acceptable offer be previously
made by Private Contract, of which due notice will be given.
ACompact and delightfully-placed detached RESI-
DENCE, surrounded by its own grounds, a pleasing dis-
tance from the high road, approached by carriage drive and lawn,
enclosed by neat railing and gates, situate in the centre of the town
of Blaidenhead, fitted up in the most complete manner, and fit for
the immediate reception of a family of respectability, containing
excellent dining, drawing, and breakfast rooms, good bed-cham-
ben, and numerous domestic offices; detached are good stabling,
double coach-house, and harness-room, granary, man servant's
room, piggeries, and dog-kennel, cart-house, brewhouse, cow.
house, and outbuildings. The grounds are tastefully arranged in
lawn and gardens, with a great variety of fruit and ornamental
trees, neat summer-house, and two closes of meadow land ; in
the whole nearly six acres, bounded on the east by a clear
stream. The whole of the premises are well supplied with spring
and soft water.
Lot 2.—A very desirable Plot of FREEHOLD BUILDING.
GROUND, having a frontage to the high road of 79 feet, on which
a large barn is now standing.
Lot 3.—Four new and substantially-built brick five-roomed
DWELLING-HOUSES, with garden and out-buildings to each.
well tenanted, and situate fronting the road leading from the town
to Windsor.
To be viewed till the sale. Particulars on the premises; Crown,
larding I King's Head, Longford ; White Horse, Uxbridge ;
Toy, Hampuos Court ; Star and Garter, Richmond ; Star and
[ Garter , Kew Bridge ; at tiannway's ; and of the Auctioneer, 10,
Oxisod.stroet.

Port and Madeira Wine., about 1:11 I)nzen.
By WINSTANLEY and SONS
On the Premises, 11, Milk-street, on WEDNESDAY, the 2&th

inst.. at IL
TH E remaining HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and.
t: 1.• ra; Ts, belonging to Charles Deacan. Esq. who is
retiring to his residence at Reigate, consisting of 4.poi,t cud other
bedsteads and bedding. mahogany wardrobe chests ut drawers,
pedestal sideboards, small set of dining tables. card. sofa. :did
penthroke ditto, capital library table, sofas, cotcites, ci•intnity et d
dressing glasses, Brussels and other carpets, and numerous otter
articles ; elegant cut glass in rich des.ert set. derawem,
wine glasses, &..; beautiful china, tea, and dessert services. Ti
Port Wine is of the celebrated vintaps of 1190. 1802, 1312, sr W
1820 and has been in bottles from 14 to 0 vests, camprisMg alicrat
11.41 dozens ; and about 50 (keens of choice West Italia Madeira.

The
heFurniture and Effects may be viewed on Tuesday preitedirl•
and morning of sale, when catalogues will be ready for delivery en
the premise', and at 10. Paterno.ter-row.
N.I. Sample bottles of the Wine may be had four days prev't u /
to the sale.

VALUABLE LEASEIIi HA) EsTAT Es.
COLD HARBOUR-I. NE. CA 31 BERAVELL.
By W I NSTANLEV and SONS,
At the Mart, on TUESDAY, July 4, at P., in Eight Lots. by direc-
tion of tht Mortgagee. and with ronsent of the gnets,
ir ERY valuable LEASEHOLD ESTATES, held on
lesses for near 75 years. consisting of 1.01;R neat
BUILT and SLATED D‘VELLING-HOUSES, with la'
gardens and fore-court, pleasantly situate Nos. 1.,. 14. 13. :Intl 1....
in Brunswick-crescent. Cold Harbour-lane ; let to respectable
tenants, at rents amounting to 200/. per annum.
FOUR WHITE FRONTED DITTO, being Nos. 11. 9, 19,
and 7, in Brunswick-crescent, one of which is let at 15.01., the others
unoccupied.
TEN MESSI ROES and PRE3IISES. Nos.l. 2.3. 4, 5. 6. 7.
8, 9. and 10, is Denmarkestrect, Cold Barbour-lane, tt:.
which are let at rents amounting to 70/. per annum; the ren'si-i-g
seven are unoccupied, and immediate possession may he had.
To be viewed by applying to Mr. Alderton, at No. 8, Dentratks
street, and by permission of the tenants. Printed particulars
be had at the Prince of {{'ales, Brixton ; the Golden Lion, Cam-
berwell; the New Green Man, in Cold Harbour-lane: at the
Mart ; of Messrs. Teaadale and Symes, Solicitors, letichurchs
street t and of ‘Vinstanley and Sons, Paternoster-row.
