EW CATIIOLIC AS.VOCIArroif.

I Prom the Dublin Planing Post bf Saturday.l
To-day a numerous meeting of this btaly was held at the Corn.
Exchange ROONOI, pursuant to n reqfiisition published in the morn-
ing papers. Before the Chair wee taken. •
Air. O'Cosmar.l., rose and mid, that befote proceeding to
business in the new association be would call the attention on the
tweeting to several subjects whir+ it was competent to discues while
no chairmen was appointed: Though they would obey the late
law, they had a •imramoutit duty to iserforni ; and.that was the duty
which they owed to their country. They were to look for safely in
their own etc' tions. The act of the last session was moodily the
most causeless stem:, ever passed, and lure, or any where else, he
would assort, that no ratan could be an utoputLfieti friend to Ireland
who gave it his support. It'llat enure. were they to took to foray.
lief 7 Were they to go to the fout,of the throne and petition for
equal benefits in return for their blood spent in the service of the
country ? Mr. O'Connell said, that the deductions drawn by
Mr. Moore, in his Life of Sheridan. were not such as could'aion•
t=ree him that the King was averse to tic freedom of his Catholic
',objects. lie alluded to the promise made by his $511157 to herd
Kenmore, on the subject of the Roniaty Catholic claims in 186.
But if they descended a step lower,to the Duke of Yore, there they
had no hope, As in his opinion that or his Royal Highness
was rendered impenetrable to reason. There was • cruel coldness'
about hie Royal highness's conduct in hallooing on the remnant of
the Ascendance in this country, which shut up limey avenue to
hope, as far as fie was concerned. Oh, may Dad of Heaven forbid
they should ever Bee hie Royal Highness on the rinse ! (Cheers.)
May the length of his Majesty's life preclude his ever coming so
it. (Cheers.) The tutor° historian would be very well able to
trace when Lord Liverpdbl put aside hir nentrality on the Catholic
question t it was at the period when the Duke of York threw
himself between an act of justice anti the people of this country
He (.11r. O'Connell) was himself a living instance of Lord Liver-
pool's almost kindness to the Catholics, as he never put o question
to him during his examination before the Commkteeof Irish In.:
quire, which did not tend to the proniutlon of their cause. In the
bottle they had very little to hope for. while Lord Eldon waled it.
Their only hopes, then, were in the House of Commons, abd this
brought hint to a question, regarding which he had heard much.
That woe, the propriety of agitating tick question in the next Se -
*ton. Their only mode of proceeding, in his opinion, was to send
forward petition after petii ion, and not to submit for a moment to
slavery or degradation. If sot able to Achim 'beam:mates of in-
tolerance, let them exhibit him In all his native deformity. It was I
his duty to lay before them his sentiments, and if they were wrong,
let the Catholics of Ireland decide so. and he would at once ac-
qiiiesce, but otherwise he would continually give them to the
Catholic Body. The Learned Gehtleman next adverted to the
facility afforded by the late Catholic Association to fotward peti-
tions from all parts of the country but the difficulties thrown in
their way by the late Act, were easily surmounted, for nett county
could hold an Aggregate Meeting Inc fourteen days. By making
an admission ticket fur n small mum, they could continue (ado their
busittera in spite of the Statute. Thus would they tuitse the country
again, and they would bare with them more Protestant fiends than
ever. The good feeling of liberality was gaining ground in the
errantry. It was impossible to go on without pecuniary resources.
lie hod the pleasure to say, that notwithstanding that statute, the
Catholic Rent could go on as well as ever. (Loud cheers.) He
believed that the momentary dissentious which might hate existed
"girding details, had all vanished. (Hear) They had one great
source of arousing their couutrymen—the Catholic Clergymen had
avowed their determination of coming forward from Cacao to
Limerick to resist injustice, and promote charity amongst all men.
(Loud cli errs.) They (the Catholics) could hold small tee
(''relect ones," said a gentleman in the room); yes, se set ones,
if so they please to call them, without at all infringing the clauses
of die prohibitory statute.
011 the motion of Mr. O'CONNELL.
Sir Tnostes fisweesrnr, Ban, took the Chair,
Sir Thomas Essiorcnt returned thanks. lie said that thoggh
the duties of die new Association tvere circumscribed, he bolicti
they would perform what they were permitted to do with the spirit
of Irishmen, anti with a tempetance suitable to 'objects who are
inclined to submit to the laws. The principal subject within their
province was the promotion of education. That they would, he
hoped, proceed eagerly with, as, in his opinion, it would sow the
seeds of liberty and freedom in the country. (Hear.)
On the saute gentleman's motion, qtr. CONWAY was requested
to act as Secretary.
hlr. CONWAY read the minutes of the last day's proceedings.
soil said, in reference to a resolution that had been passed at the
last meeting of the Association regarding the opening of a corre-
spondenee on the subject of education with the Catholic Clergy-
men, that lie had been unwilling to enter on so important a pro-
ceeding without the sanction of the other Members of the Com-
mittee. To that alone was it to be attributed that the correspond-
ence had run commenced.
Mr. O'CoxievLt. moved that the Rev. Mr. 111`Sweeney and
John and Daniel Claneey, Esqrs. of Charleville, be admitted Mem.
bers.—Carried.
Ile also gave notice of two motions for next Saturday, one for
the Committee to proceed at once to report the best method of -enu-
merating the people of Ireland, and the other, for the publication,
throughout England, of refutations of the false doctrines recently
attributed to the Catholics.
The Meeting then adjourned.
LIVERPOOI., MONDAY, Ocr. Si.

(TROM OVIL COURCSPONDEWT.)
The steam-vessel Lee, Captain Colevell, his again made
the astonishing passage, from Cotk to Liverpool in thirty
hours ; and, but for the heavy gale she experienced on
Sunday, would have made it in less time. She left Cork
on Saturday evening about seven o'clock, and was in Liver-
pool about two o'clock this morning.

I Extract from a New York Paper of act. 8 1
SfICHIOAN.—On the western shore of Lake. Huron, slate coal
has been found, which burns easily, and produces • great degree of
heat. The shore fur many miles is from twelve to fifteen feet high,
and composed of this material. It is expected that this discovery
will lead to the establishment of factories in Detroit and its 'vi-
cinity. The exports of this territory for the hut year wee—
Furs . - - 700 000 l'ot and Pearl Ashes 8,000
Fish - - - 20.000 ...--
Lumber - - - 7.500 Dollars - 138,500
Indian Sugar - - 3.000
FLORIDA.—The following Return of the exports from the port'
of Pensacola, from the Ist July, 1824, to the Ist July, 1825, shows I
an increase on the preceding year : 1
Bricks - - 209.000 Cotton, bales - . 2,418
I Sawed timber, feet - 264.000 Cedar, logs - - 2,423
Planters are turning their attention to the cultivation of cotton'
more than formerly, and the cropssre said to be very promising.

THE ARMY.
The' 4 and 3d Divisions of the 109th Regiment of Infantry em.
barked yesterday, on board the Layton and Southworth transports,
at Portsmouth, for the Afauritius.
Detachments belonging to the 6.111 t and 71st Regiments of Foot
marched yesterday morning, from Westminster, for Chichester.
The 17th Regiment of -Light Dragoons (Gainers) has not left
Brighton. as stated in a Morning Piver.
The t*, ourt.martial on the two (Men of the 53d will take place
this week, at Portsmouth. Major-General Sir E. Blakeney, Pre-
sident.

TILE SWINDLERS IN GLOLTESTER.PLACE.
Yesterday Mr. Martin, of Galway, sent his valet to Marylebone
Office, to vindicate his character from the imputations cast upon it,
in consequence of his supposed connection with the swindlers,
Ireland and Ponsonby. Ile said he had been a long time in Mr.
Martin's service, and knew nothing of Ireland beyond the fact that
one of his relatives was concerned in a marble quarry.
Mr. Rawlinson said he could not have the time of the office
wsiated in listening to long speeches. Ile was quite satisfied as to
the valet's innocence. _ _

Mr. Marsh (Captain Burton's agent), complained to the Magis-
trate of a statement, purporting to be an account of what toot
place at the office on Monday, which appeared in the Times of
yesterday, and which he had ascertained was very incorrect, and
cast upon him reflections which were not made at the office, anti
which were calculated to do hint s vast deal of injury. He begged
advice as to how he was to act.
Mr. Hawlinson said he had no control over the reporters, or the
public press, and if any newspaper published that which was In-
correct it was certainly amenable.
Mr. Marsh said he could not account for the incorrectness of the
Times report, as the reports in the British Press and other news-
papers were perfectly accurate.
The Magistrates declined interference, and Mr. Marsh withdrew

Lea•t. COSTUK e.—ln 4th and Sth of Philip and Mary
it was ordered by the Benchers of the Middle Temple,
that none of this "Society shall wear any great bryehes in
their hoses, made after the Dutch, Spanish, or Almon
(German) fashion, or !amide upon their caps, or cut dublets,
upon pain of 3e. 4d. forfeiture for the first default, and the
second time to be expelled in the house." In the 26th
Eliz. it was ordered that no great ruff be worn, nor any
white colour in dublets or hosen, nor any facing of velvet
in gowns, but by such as wer of the Bench. That no hat,
or curled hair be worn, nor any gowns, but such as are of a
earl colour. In the year 1635 the Benchers enjoined the
Students to keep the case, to perform their exercises, to
order their habits and hair to decency and formality, and
to yield due respect and observance to the &mhos.—
Pa) thenon. _ _ _

EAderrtimement.i—Mcrehant,e C'apitalista, dm are re-
spectfully informed, Sat person of ihe utmost respeetabiliry. who
has been twenty-four years wholly engaged in general mercantile
transactions, particularly at manager of wholesale concerns in the
Manchester. Scotch, Irish, woollen, and silk trades, and who pos-
sesses the great advantage of commanding an extensive first rate
connexion in town and country (with the leap possible risk), offers
himself either on an active Partner or Superintendant of any whole-
sale house or mngroilide, and ra•neetability although he would
prefer establishing a concern in I.ondon, in conjunction with some
gentleman of weal h, who might be either an acting or sleeping
partner. The most urquestionable references will be given. Ad-
dress (post paid) 1). 5, Bucklersbvry, Chrapaide.

LAW NOTICES.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS.

LONDON SPECIAL JURY CAUSE TO DE TRIED Tai/3 DAY.
Shaw And others v. Jut. OIA

LAW INTELLIOENCK.

COURT OF CHANCERY, TUESDAY, Nov. 1.
To.day WWI the first seal, and the first d:ty of the Lord Chan.
cellor's resuming his public avocations after the bag vaeatian.
At half-past Otto o'clock his Lordship came into Court, and met
a tolerably full bar, alt in apparent excellent health.

SOOTH V. JACKSON.
Mr. Harr said, this was a case which was mentioned a short
time before the rising of the Court, and in which, during the va.
cation, his Lordship had seat his opinion. Other aMlaf its than
hail yet been before his Igndship *ere Bled, shich lie (Mr. IL)
bad sot yet had thee to remit what he had, therefore. at, present
to ask, war, that he might have leave to read those affidavit* be-
tween this and the next seal, and that the case might then be
allowed to be again mentioned, if he should consider, from such a
perusal, bis. Lordship's order might in any way be retied.
Alt. Hotta ¢ had nothing to say, but that it would be rather a
singular'wey of going to work, if the order which his clients were
in possession of was to be disturbed by any affidavits Mr. Hart's
clients thought proper to make, provided their Counsel should
think those affidavits could have such an efteet.
The Loan CHANCELLOR said, this WaN one of the many briefs
Ire had read while in the country, and upon which he had sent be
opinion to one of the solicitors in the cause. It was his Lordship's
opinion that that judgment, however imperfectly it might be ex.
pressed Was dui judgment wkich, upon the state of the record as
e:alb:afore him, it was uttetly impossible to avoid giving. Nl,' he-
thee any further affidavits should be looked at would depend upon
what passed when the motion was again mentioned ; and for this
purpose it was ordered to come on again et the next seal.

DE BratiVOlß V. itironEs.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, Shia was a [Dist (though the
cue was In a very 'hinder state to hura that nppellation) which
appeared to him to benne of the most important causes he had ever
had to deal with. He mentioned it at present with a view to amens
lain whether he correctly understood it; and, as he understood is.
It stood thus :—A. motion was made Wore Iris Honour the Vice.
Chancellor to vagrant the digging of brick-earth ; it was such an
order as. in effect, if granted, necessarily disposed of the whole
case. The motion was made under these circumstances • a hill
had been filed by Mr. De Beauvoir I it had been twice amended:
three answers had been put in to it by Mr. Tibbott the elder, and
two answers by the two younger 'l' abbot's: there were besides.
when the motion came into the Court below, affidavits of thWerenc
architects artth respect to the value of the property ; and so it then
rested. His ilatour seemed to think, if those aflidavi!e were to be
taken into consideration, the ease would, therefore, probably have
been put into some course of inquiry before disposing of it ; but has
judgment, in granting the injunction, proceeded entirely upon the
construction of letters written between the 19th day of December.
1821, and the period that had since elapsed. In drat judgment not
• singleallusion was made to anything but that correspondence.
But, When a motion was made for an injunction, his Lordship had
always considered the answers of defendants entitled to some cons'.
deration from the Court; ifr however, the observations that arose
upon those letters were observations that were capable of replana.
lion, and such as coul4 not be disturbed by any reasoning that
could arise on the answer., then the case would have to icanaln as
it was. The only additional evidence that was before this branch
of the Court was affidavits on each side relating to the money agreed
to be advanced by Mr. Rhodes. If his Lordship was right in
these observations, and as to the papers that were before him, hi
would be prepared tti give judgment this *Mc.

NU NN I'. ACITTTER.
The L.3nl, CHANCELLOR stated that this matter, of very eonli•
derable imporance, he had, during his absenee from town, by
occasional application and diligence. endeareured to dispose ot,
but he had failed. All were agreed that, ih the :tate of the mat-
ter, as it came before his Lordship, it was absolutely necessary
that some alteration in the order should be made. Some few days
before the rising- of the COO ti the matter was discussed at coml.
derable length by Messrs. Shadwell, Sugden, and some other
gentlemen : upon which occasion his Lordship thought all eon.
cerned had come to an understanding as to what the decree should
be, but after that, Mr. Hart, who had not been in Court during
the discussion, stated his dissatisfaction as to what had been done
open that discussion, and produced minutes of what his clients
thought the older ought to be.. His Lordship had looked most at-
tentively at those minutes, to know whether the Court could adopt
them as its order, but it seemed impossible to adopt them until the
other side had seen them ; because when that was done, it was pro-
bable that as much dissatisfaction would be expressed to them
as Mr. Hart had expressed. What the Court could only now.
therefore, do was, to desire the party aho had Instructed Mr.
Hart to propose those minutes, to furnish a copy of them to the
whet side ; and then, that the case should cOme on again, m be
spoken ro by ohe Counsel en a side.

ROSE D. MANNINO. •
In this er.se it appeared. from Mr. Haar's statement, that before
the vacation a motion had been made, on witieh an order was ob-
tained. calling upon Messes. Manning to pay into Court a sum
of 4,0001., of which the Registrar took a note. Upon a subseqtier t
occasion Mr. Horne, appearing for Messrs. Manning, just before
the close of the sittings, stated that lie had something to state no
their behalf; and the Court then said the money need not be
paid until the first day of next Term. Mr. !fart now moved that
the Registrar should be directed to draw tip the order fur the pay-
ment of the money into Court on the first day of Term.
Mr. llowee declared that no such order had erer been pro.
nounced. . .
The Lotto CITAIFtELLOR said, this also was one of the cases
the papers in which he had taken with him into the country.
He had read them most eareftilly, and would, on the first day
of Term. state what occurred to hint upon the whole of the case.
Mr. Kos: wished to know whether his Lordship would inti.
mate, in the mein time, that nothing had passed which ought to
impede the regular effect of the order.
Mr. HORNE again objected to its being said that any order had
been pronounced.
His Lortusiftr refused to say any thing more than he had now
stated.

A motion or two more were made, and the Court rose at bee
minutes past one.

VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT, TVESDAY, Nov. 1.

His Honour the VICE-CHANCELLOR took his seat on the
Bench this morning, but the Court rose early, without transacting
any business of public interest.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, WESTMINSTER,
TUESDAY, Nov. 1.
