STATE OF THE COUNTRY.

Th• mur4le,rrik of the I •v. Al r. Cre•gh's servant,
near Cork, hove not yet been epprehended. Some
soldiers are in cii.tosly for the offence. A large re-
ward is offered for the prrporstrirsocati a euteicrip-
bon entered into fur the family of the murdered
servant.

[Frora the Limerick Chronicle of Saturday.]
On Saturday night last, between the hours of ten
and twelve o'clock, two excellent farm houses and
barns. containing r quantity of wheat, straw, flax,
and fueniture. were maliciously art oil fire, rod
consumed to saber, on the lands of West Creases,
in this county. The only reason that can he as-
signed for such an outrage was, the removal of the
late occupiers, who owed u large srrrar of rent,
together with Captain Johnson's direct refusal to
give a character to the net of one of them, who
had been some time lance transported under the
Insurrection Act.'

A few night' ego a former near Newborough, in
this county, woo flogged, for not receding to Cap-
tain Rock's legislation.
A most active county Magistrate yesterday ►e-
ceived a letter from Cowan' Rock, intimating that
a handsome sum will he created for him, if he
ceases to pursue the E.:optative!' associates.
Thursday a decent looking young men received
a severe flogging from a messenger on one oE the
mail cars; the cause assigned was, that he pre.

mimed In prosecute at the last Asaiies the pert ins
concerned in the murder at Buckley.
We have received the.followiog from our New.
castle Correspondent, dated October 3 :—" On
Tuesday night last a quantity of hay, which 1141/
hero sold by traction for rent, was set on fire and
consumed on the lands of Balliolthane, near New-
castle. An outrage of a similar nature was at-
tempted on Saturday evening : —As • farmer, who
had purchased some stock at en auction, was con-
veying them home, lie was attacked by to few men,
who beat ham umnerciffilly ; hut fortunately mote
friends who were returaing from the market arrived•
to his assistance in 'Aorta time to prevent any
further harm to the loan, and saved the mottle front
being carried off."
We understand that fosetain.Dronght is to suc-
ceed to- the eommenellff 'lie enmity police, which
are to be united with the city Limerick establish-
ment.
• [From the Clouse! Adrerilser of Saturday.]
About eleven o'clock on Sunday night the house
of James Manly, a poor farmer on the lands of
Killeenleigh, about three miles from Thurles, was
forcibly entered by three men, who heat him in a
most inhuman manner, and inflicted 'ewers, severe
and dangerous wounds on his head with stoner, at
the same time telling him, if lie had complied with
the notice they had given him last spring, they
would not have had occasion to be troubled with
coming to him again. There is no doubt hot their
intention was to kill him, as they left hint to all
appearance lifeless. We are 'Hippy, however, to
Irarn that some hopes may be elitertained of his re-
covery. A dwelling-house. the property of Michael
Morrissy, a farmer, who lives on the lands of Ros-
sualty, in the barony of Kilnersansgh, was malici-
ously set on fire and neatly consumed; Morrissy's
child had it narrow escape of being burned, for, on
the fire bring discovered, in their fright the child
was forgotten in the bed, and had been there some
time before the parents recollected where it had
been left, when they rescued it from the devooring
element, happily without having sustained the
slightest injury.
On Wednesday night, a short time after Thomas
Brennen and his family (who reside on the lands of
Coolkip, near the Horse and Jockey) had retired to
rest after the fatigues of the day, their house was at.
tacked by an armed banditti. who demanded en-
trance, which demand was refused for some time,
when three gun-shots were fired through the door;
on which Brennan, being apprehensive from their
threats that they would burn the house, opened the
door, and oil doing so, he, with his onto Michael,
were dragged outside, placed on their knees, and
compelled to swear, " they would quit their farm
in six days time," and threatened. if they did not
Auply, that they should meet the death of Ed.
wand Shea. Brennan was Witched in the same
way a short dine ago; he has been living on these
lands for three years beck, and until hotly was not
molested. The hinds on which he resides are part
of the estate of Miss Stnnwick.
A very daring outrage took place neer Caher nn
the night of Friday, the 97th nit., at • piece called
Gorranaclough. About one o'clock fifteen armed
•men gained an entratice into the house of the widow
Bryan, for the purpose, it is thought, of murdering
her nephew, at whom one of the party made • cut
with a scythe, and shattered his arm dreadfully.
His sent hastened to his assistance, and was treated
in the same sanguinary manner by the banditti, her
arm having been broken, and otherwise maltreated.
Hearing some noise the party decamped. The
same night they attacked the house. of four respect.
able farmers to the same neighbourhood.
FEVER.
[From the Galway Adrertiser of Saturday.]
The number of alarming reports that have het.
spread respecting the extent of fever in this town,
induced us to seek for that official information
which we felt it our duty to lay before our readers;
and to learn also what steps were taking (tinder the
present orders of Government) to suppress contagi-
ous disease. The arrangement is as follows :—The
town is divided into four distticts, namely, Reboot',
Bohermore, Market-street. with Sitkeen and the
Claddagh, and to each of these is attached an at-
tending physician, who visits the sick daily, pre-
scribes and administers to them the necessary me-
dicines. and gives wine when necessary, while the
clergyman. who is provided weekly by Dr. Whist-
ler with money. distributes among them the means
of sustenance said of comfort. Nurse-tender. are
also employed, who attend the sick. and as far as
possible introduce cleatilmeas and order into their
habitation, and whitewashing is going on in all the
bowies of the poor ; and for the purpotie of separat-
ing the diseased persons from their (*.mulles, a large
piece of ground has been taken near Fair Hill, upon
which Mr. Clarke has obtained a contract for erect-
Pig two large wooden hooves for their reception,
which he has engaged to have ready if, a few days ;
and when ground furs similar purpose can be lisfl
at the east end of the town, the sick in that quarter
will derive a like accommodation.
That cleanliness will do a great deal we have
practical proof in the etteltiaus of Mr. Reilly, at
the West, where. we believe, since his system of
cleaning and w barer:lslam,/ has been put into opera-
tion, tint One new case of fever has nectured.
Our Sean iiii s are to be held in Tuam, in conse-
quence of the fever.
The following is • copy of the Report which the.
Medical Gentlemen have made to, Dr. IVisistirr,
from the lit to the 3,1 instant inclusive, to which we
subjoin a statement of the Fever Hospital lute the
same periods:—
Report of Fever in Galway audits vicinity, from Ist October
to ita ischisive.
Parish of itshooo—la Oyer last report, 38; sew cases 38 ;
died, 1; total ouw in (ever, 73.
Boherinerre—ln fever last report, 56; new cases, 20; con•
ell...cent since last report, 5; total mow in fever, 71. Twu
children died iu this one of Pertusems the other of
Variols.
Mai ketsireet Suttees-10 fever last report, 13 ; otw

We understand that Lord Granville, late Lord
leveson Gower, is to he First Lord of the Admiralty.
It will he recollected that this Nobleman has been
already in office along with mood of the present
Ministers, sod that he and Mr. Canning have always
been on such intimate terms of frieliolithip, as to
occasion a very general belief that his Lordship was
partly raised to the Peetage through the influence
of the Right Honourable Gentleman. By the in-
troduction of Lord Granville into the Cabinet,
it is supposed that Mr. Canning will gain the rape-
clod support of his Lordship's brother, the Mar-
quis of • Stafford, and of such members of the
extensive connexions of that Nettle House as
ore not pledged to an essentially opposite po-
licy to that of the toew Minister. With some
of those Mr. Canning already stands out rather a
favourable footing for his general advocacy of the
Catholic Claims. It is also said, as the Mar-
chioness of Stafford is in her own right the head of
a noble Scotch family, to which her Ladyship's se-
cond son succeeds, through this young Nobleman
Lord Granville will be a rort of Cabinet represen-
tative for Scotland in the room of Lord Melville.
This important object, however, is, we under-
stand, to he much more effeetually attained by the
appointment of Lord Bionios.„ Mr. Capoing's par-
ticular friend, to succeed Mr. Crofter as Secretary to
the Admiralty. Lord Binning, it is well known,
is at present the organ of the Scotch Tory interest
in the House of Commons, and it is of course Mr.
Cunning's wish to secure the support of that party,
which, although in Scotland comparatively weak, •
is, from the moral strength of all descriptions pf
persons in that part of the United Kingdom, In
essential aid to any Minister. By this means Mr.
Caocsa will be permitted to ruminate in Kensing-
too Palace on a handsome pension. nod have leiause
to meditate on thE mutability of human affairs, and
to communicate the result of hi* experience to the
Quarterly and other publications, to which he has
often contributed so liberally.—( Orening Paper.,
We believe there is no truth whatever in doe re-
port that Mr. Planta is to continue Under Secre-
tary of State in the Foreign Office. We can t
with confidence, that Mr. Canning offered the
situation to his friend Lord Binning, who declined
it ; and that, subsequently, mother Geuilman was
applied to by the Right Hon. Secretary, tile result
of which application we have not Beard.—(/bid.)

COMBINATION AMONG TUB TYNE BE BLMEN.

NRWCASTLII. OCTOBER A.

We regret to state that the kerlmeii employed on
the river Tyne have within the last few dap refused
to work as usual, until certain alleged grievances
are removed. We regret it for their own sakes, for
the sake of all the parties concerned, and for tlie in-
jury our trade must inevitably sustain, without pre-
suming to decide on the merits of the question at
issue between the coal owners and their sersunts. In
the ab;ence of precise information es to all the points
in dispute nn both sides, and without knowing the
nature of the engagements between the parties, it is ,
impossible to form an impartial judgmeni. We
have been given to understand that their object is
to restrict the loading of ships at the maths to eight
keels, in order that their labour may he in greater
requisition. Rumour further states, that they
claim an allowance of It per ammo) in lieu of
house rent—to be freed from responsibility fur any
damage they may do in tacking their keel* up the
river—to have the steam boats disused for towing
vessels down the river—and to have all the keelmeit
employed, which has not been the case recently.
Warrants, we hear, have been issued for the apprr-
hension of some of the principals, on the ground, we
suppose, of a breach of their engagements, as they sue
bound to their present employers till Christens".
They have, probably from this cause, suddenly
taken their departure from their hom es. and are not
to be seen in the neighbourhood. What direction
they have token we have no memos of ascertaining,
hut an opinion seems very prevalent that they have,
dispersed in different parts of the adjoining country.
It will be readily conceived that considerable ap-
prehension is excited from so numerous • body of
men being scattered op and down in a state of Mir-
an*, sod with no apparent means of bulmistroice.
A petition setting forth their grievances has been
ple.ented to the coal-owners, hut the result has only
Leen a refusal to accede to their &mend.. As we
have already said, we are incompetent from our im-
perfect itil'ormatioo to give soy decided opinion on
the points in dispute, bat we heartily wish their
differences were amicably arranged, for it is int•
possible to calculate the inconveniences austaiesed
by this unfortunate misunderstandnig. Apprebeno
mons, it seems, have beet) entertained that the keel-
men would endeavour to destroy the loathe by
which coals are conveyed into the vessels, and in
cousequesice small parties of the military have
been stationed at the different parts of the neer
where such attempts were most likely to be made.
We are happy to state, however, that these prso
icautions appear hitherto to have been uunecessarys
We think it proper to mention that several keelmen
are averse from these dissentions, and would wil-

The Petersburg!' letters of the 10th of Septem-
ber contain the copy of an Ukase, dated the MI of
August. for fixing the Custom-house duties on the
frontiers of Russia and Poland, and adjusting the
commercial regulations of the two countries. lite
regulations do not take effect until the Ist of Janu-
ary next.

FUNDS AT PARII4. OCTOlint 7.—rove pet Cent•. opened
at 93 f. and e10a..1 at 93 f. In e.; Hank Shang, 1,851 f. yo r.
—Neapolitan Stork, 78 f 794%—E:eh:once on Lostlun : one
month, 251. 50r.; three months, 25 f. 35r.

FROM TRH FRONTIER! OF SPAIN.
No couriers from Madrid ; but it is certain that
sonic will arrive ro-morrow.

The news of the brilliant victory gained by Ba..
eon d'Erolles over the revolutionary bind of Mine,
at Bensvorri, is confirmed by private sccouuta
which we hove received from Catalonis. The int..'
portant result of this affair is not yet koown; but it
appears certain, list by one or those marches of
three days. so familiar to the good Generals of ono
time, the Baron cat off the division of Tidierica,
shut him up in a gorge without an outlet, stud kill-
ed all his troops. The Colonel was made prisoner.
sod should hove !wen instantly shot. While one
part of the Ar my of the Faith.executed this fine
turner uvre, the tr.t, sword In hand, forced Mina
and Torrijos uudrr the walls of Lerida, where i hey
are at this moment blocked up by superior forces.—
(Journal des Urban./

BAYOII.4R, OCTOBER I.

No mail from Spain. The Larireito4 on roue
frontiers have been suddenly suppressed yesierdly
evening, by virtue of • Royal Ordinance. Tin-
French troops which were on the extreme frontier
are going Hits cantonments wear the villages be-
tween Bayonne, St. Jean de Los, Unitise, Uite-
rits, and Sare, n. order to be at hand to protect this
country from being trespassed epeo by the Sp.-
isierds. Neither travellers nor merchsitsdise will bo
any more subjected to goarautitie; however, the ac-
cleat precool 44444 I will be taken 1011 with resTiret
to foreign vessels, especially if they come from the
Colonies; but Spanish vessels will not perform qua-
rantine, as hitherto.

(ETOLIa), AUGUST 24.
Notwithstanding the superior her sod mums
of our enemies, and the persecutions of those who
ought to antis us, our cause triumph% ! The zeol
and bravery of our troops have made up for every
thing. • Three victories which they has. successively
gained have overturued the general plats of att.( k
of the Turks, awl destroyed their army.
This plan, drown tip by st ski Via head, Wlll COM-
muffle/Pt.(' to the Porte by ocirions friends who we
not difficult to be goencii. The Sereskier I.f
liumelos, who was charged with sts exprution, was
to attack the Greeks at she head of a roussdrrable
army, sin three different paints, whilst the fleet
should stssi,t the operation. ou land. To strike the
Greeks with terror by a strong and general Mow,
and by several simultaneous and well-cumbined at-
tacks, to proffer au amnesty before the.atuper of the
moment was removed, stud to quell the insurrec-
tion iu a short time with the aid of en astuctons po-
licy, seconded by the power of the sword—such
were the ends proposed.
The Greeks, who were apprised of ell those
plans, took their maussres iu consequence. Vru-
chin, the capital of Etolia, pfitscipelly attracted
their attention. This town nearly steeds on the
rite of Thermos, the ancient capital of that pro-
vince, where the Etoliass in all cam or foreign in-
trasion their forces to repair their losses

9

t

at leisure. to observe the movements of the enemy,
and to execute sudden anti successful excursions.
The Roman bridge of 366 arches, that stretches
amidst the lakes which line Vruchori on the
west and on Ore south, was put in a state of de-
ftrice .as well as the citadel of Angelocastion.
—A Guerilla corps of sufficient force was Erortipily
Petit to the insecesible barrier of• Mount 'Farmer?.
licon, whilst the main body of the army was posted
in the pass of Straws, .betueen,Machalas and Le-
venom. After havinemitle those dispositions, which
r-iidered Heolia impenetrable, Preaident Mauro-
cordato transmitted to General Nicetas, who com-
mended at the Thermopylie, the necessary instruc-
tions, arid then marched in the direction of Stratos.
The Acanianians, on their part. being deter-
mined to conquer or to die, hurried severs! of their
villages and towns, the access to which was easy,
in order to leave no place of refuge for the enemy
in case of invasion, and posted themselves at Ma-
erynoros to defend their frontiers.
On the 10th of July, Chourschid Packs, con.
formaldy to the preconcerted plan, emitted his force
at Canon into two unequal parts. One column, of
about 10,000, men was intrusted toilassan Pacha.
This audacirms Commander had pledged his head
that he worild force his way tremor the Mountains of
Agrapha into Acarnania, to fat-dime the entrance
of the Pacha of Arta into that country. The latter
was to tarry the pass of Macrynoro., to effect his
j.inction with Hassan Poch', and then to penetrate
into Etolis and to reduce it to submission.
Chunrschid Parka himself, at the head of the
main hudy of his army, arrived on the 16th of July
nn Zeitonni. On the 20th he attacked the Thermo-
pose, and the battle took place in the defile of
Ptionturia. This Generalissimo the Porte, fer-
tile in wiles and deceptions, took no part in the'con-
flirt, but observed it from some distance. Hits
army was charged in front kod on its riiheflank, and
broken on more points than one. Ihe most ire.
inetidous slaughter preceded the total rout of the
Turk.. Odysseus and Contoyanne distinguished
themselves particularly on that day ; end the for-
tiler repaired by 11 thousand acts of bravery the
wrongs which his fiery temper had previously led
him to commit. Chourscbid Poch*, lifter his de-
feat, was pursued as far as the opposite extremity of
Trachys, where a great number of his soldiers also
fell. Night alone put an end to the pursuit.
About the same time Hassan Pacha had pene-
trated to Agrapha. The two Grecian Chiefs who
occupied that country having perceived the blind
confidence which he displayed, fell back as far as
the bridge of Korikoo, commonly called Tataraina,
for the purpose of more effectually surrounding
him. This bridge, the work of the Romans, forms
the only point of communication between Theasaly,
Etolia, and Acarnenia. Markos Boxzaris reached
it one day before Hasson Pacha, at the head of a
division of the army from Acaroania. At the sight
of the bridge of K Of. km, a sentiment of horror served
upon the Suliote Commander. It was at that bridge
that in 1802 his father, Christ** &marls, relying
on the faith of treaties, was attacked on his passage
with his potty by thirteen thousand Mussulruen.—
A fter the most heroic resistance, three hundred Sa-
bots, had perished there sword in hand, and two
hundred makers pressing their children to theio
breasts hat' precipitated themselves from the summit
of the rocks into the *eaten of Achelous, to escape
from the most horrid slavery.*
Deeply impressed with this melancholy rement-
*mice, Markos displayed to his troop., ins pathetic
recituf..all the horrors of the scene, and called
open them to take the most exemplary and legiti-
mate vengeance. .‘ The spirits of those three
hundred heroes," he exclaimed, ." the manes of
those unfortunate mothers still wander upon these
rocks. The expiatory sacrifice of the approaching
b:irbarians can alone appease them. Soldiers, we
owe it to those martyrs of freedom, and to-morrow
we shall offer it." A general and enthusiastic shout
was die reply of his troops, and every pos.ible mea-
sure was adopted to leave nu opening for flight to
the enemy.
The next day, when on the arrival of Haman
Paella the first firiug from the barricades on the
bridge was heard, the ambushed troops rushed down
from every point. After several direharies of mus-
ketry, they fell sword in hand upon the 1 arks, who,
surrounded on all sides, sought in vain the means
of flight. With the exception of about five hun-
dred men, the whole column of Hassan Pacha pe-
rished before the bridge. That small number sur-
rendered at discretion.

Such was the fate of that Great Ottnnum Army
(the name bestowed upon it by the Turks and their
partisans). Its advanced guard alone hail passed,
Col the 4th of July, into Livnlia, whilst Chonrschid
Paella was still at Larissa. It had reached Zritouni
as early as the mouth of June, and had profited by
a moment of confusion, occasioned by the private
quarrels of o.ly 9SHUS, to penetrate through an un-
frequented road; but having entered the Mores, it
was Immediately destroyed, and thus completed the
total ruin of the army of Chourschid Packs, which
was effected na these three points: the Thermo-
'kyle-, the bridge of Korakes, and the Isthmus of
Corinth. Of all this army, which amounted to 45
or 50,000 men, the Seraskier, now retired to La-
only retains 6,000.
The Pacha of Arta, disappointed in his expec-
tation of assistance from Hassan Paella, resolved to
attack Acaruania by sea. On the 9th of August,
he effected a landing in the Ambraciati Gulf, at
I.outraki, but wirs driven out of it the ante day by
the Chiliarch Zotigns, end many of his soldiers were
drowned whilst re-embarking fur Arta. A division
of the Turkish fleet landed et the same time
second corps at the port of -Candils, opposite the
Island of Santa Mount. This corps was to have
wade its junction with that of the Pachs of Arts,
and bad advanced se far as the valley of Varnacs,
when John Varnskoste attacked it, overthrew it
entirely, and pursued it to the port, where it hastily
re-einbaaked after losing one-third of its number.

Civil war has broken out in Albania. Omer
wishes to establish his nephew at Berat, sa Pacha of
Middle Albania ; but a great majority of the in-
habitants hate him, and call for the son of Ibrahim
Dacha. Both panics have already come to blows."
66 Kum E, SEPTEMIIIIR 47.
[EXTRACT FROM A PRIVATE LETTEII.I
"7 I e 'hmage of Austrian troops continues. It
is observed that the number going to, is much

• This fact is recorded i• De. Holland's highly ioterestlng
Tour tbcougb Albiuia and Greece.

Kreider limn that coming from Naples, from which
it is concluded that it is not merely a change or gar-
risons dirt is going on. It is besides remarked, that
lisimeroin: corps remain in places very near to our
frontiers."
