MINORITY

lo &Ivor of a Grant of 40,000!. of Public Money to General
Dearouruesuo—June 28.

Atwood, tI. Munch, J. B: Vaosittart, Rt. Ho.N.
Bathurst, Rt. Hit. B. Phipps. How. E. Wilson, T.
Tst.t.ras—lrving, I.—Doeglas, W. R. K.

It is now rumoured. that, from the present state
of public busineps before both Houses of Parka-
meut, the Commons will adjourn ou Tuesday next,
fur a few days, to afford the Lords time to proceed
with the Bills that may have passed the Lower
House ; that the C 0411110116 will re-assemble on the
succeeding Friday, to receive Messages from the
PIOUSe of Peers as to the tile of the several Bills
sent up to them ; and that both Houses will be pro-
rogued about the 9th or 10th of next month. The
prorogation will he by Constuisaion. The state of
Palace-yard, and the neighbourhood of both Houses,
iti consequence of the extensive preparation making
for the Coronation. will prevent his MAJESTY front
exercising this prerogative Ur person.
STSW•Irt MWORIBANILS. Esq. one of the Bl-
roil Parlimnetit for Hythe. and WILLIAM
DIISDR, E.q. are elected Barons from that port to
support time soya' canopy at the ensuing Coronation.
—(Kentish Gazette./

SLAVE.

The following is a copy of the Address moved
on Thursday night by Mr. Wilberforce. in the
House of Commons, and adonted hy the House :
Resolved, " That an humble Address be presented to his
Majesty, repreaenting that treat numbers of Africans, rescued
from sl by seizure and condemnation of the ships and
vessels in which they were italawfully carried is slaves, have
keen apprenticed, tinder his Majesty's authority, pursuant to
She Arts matte for abolishing the Slave Trade, is many dif-
ferent ialsods and colonies in the West ladies, for 'terms of
apprenticeship which have in a treat number of cases ex.
pired, or are near expiring; and many other African 'cap-
tives, so enfranch4ed, have been enlisted into his Majesty's
military and naval services, mid have been afterwards dis-
tharged therefrom, in the said Wands and colonies."
"Thai, from the prevalence of negro slavery in the said
islands and colonies, anal from other local circumstances, as
well as from 11w ignorance of the said eufreachiaed African
captives. for whose education means have not hitherto been
provided, they are esposed to various danger* anti sufferings,
being also, tut some eases, removed froth one British island or
colony to-another, and ate themfurt no longer within the ob.
Pervasion, ur the official authority of the proteetimg officer of
the colony in which they are apprenticed, nor does the pea-
lecting authority of such officers over the said apprentices
extend beyond the terms of apprenticeship."
"That under these circumstances it appears to this Howse
to he expedient and necessary, that proper measures should
be taken by his Majesty's Government for ascertaining in all
the said islands and colonies the present mumhers, names,
situations. and eirenmstanees of all Africans liberated from
slavery by force of the Acts of Parliament fur abolishing the
Slave Trade, and which have at any time been apprenticed,
or entered or enlisted into his Majesty's sea or land service,
anal afterwards discharged is the West ladies, or which
have been liberated there, without barium bees so appro.
tired, entered, or enlisted; and fur imparting to all sit •la of
the said apprentices, whose terms of apprenticeship have ex-
pired, and all Africans an discharged from his Mairsik.a
service, such protection, and inch remedies and relief, as
their situation may require: and that his Majesty will be
graciously pleased to take such measures as shall appear
adviseablc fur the future disposal and settlement of tie said
Africans."
