lo 6
16__6

FASMONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

PRICES OF BRITISH
Bank stock 244.
3pm Cent Reduced, 9511
S per Cent. Cons. 961 k
/Seer 31 per Cent. 1921102
4 pet Cent. 1021 101 •
Nair 4 per Cent. 100,1 SI
Long Annuities, 23 Me 23
Imperial 3 per Cents.
Ronk for Account 245
Coos. for Act. 94 4
India Stock, 9994

PRICES OF FOREIGN
Austrian Scrip, 174 pr.
Ditto for Account
Ditto paid in full, 991 1
Chilimn Ms. ON 1
1 I 1
Ditto for Acct. 85
Colonib. lids. 94 I
Do. Act. 91
Do. Scrip 41 j 4 1 I.
Ditto for Ace. 44 pr.
Danish Bonds 1011 2 11
Do. Marks Banco 109 4
Greek Scrip. 2 i dia.
Ditto for Acct.
Maaican Bonds, 694
Ditto Scrip, 10j 11 10j pr.
Do. Ace. 10j 11 pr.
Neapolitan lids. 971
Ditto for Acct.
Portuguese Bonds,
Ditto Scrip 81 pr.
Ditto for Aect.

ITOCKb YD:TE RDA Y.
India Bonds, 82 pr.
India for Account,
South Sea Stock.
South Sea Old Annuities 961
South Sea New Annuities
' Ez.Bills, 1,0961.63 62 56 11 pr.
Ditto, 5001. 63 64 61 pr.
Ditio, Small, 66 62 pr.
Indorsed ditto
Lottery Tickets, 261.195.

STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Peruvian Bonds
Do. Scrip
Ditto for Acet.
Ditto for Acet. 681
Prussian Bonds 961
Ditto (1822) 991
Russian Bds. 671 1 1
Russian for Acct. 117 i
Span. Cons. 171 1 18 lt 1 1
Ditto for Acct.
Ditto 170 & 255 Bds.
Ditto 86 Bonds
Do. 5 per Cents. 0823) 151 16
Ditto 1061. Ss. Bonds
Anflo Me:. Mines
Alliance 161 17
Fr. Rentes.lo4f. 103 f. 75c.
Do. Es. 25f. 41k. 35c.
Do. Scrip; 171 f 1 pr.
Ditto for Acct. 174 18 pr.
Russian Inscription

COURSR UY ZXCHI
Amsterdam C. F. 11 19
Ditto, at sight - 11 1$
Rotterdam . 12 0
Antwerp - . 12 4
Damborgh 37
Altana - 37 6
Parts, 3 days sight 23 35
Ditto - 25 65
Bourdeaux . 25 65

Berlin. 7 10
nanknni-011-flic.lllmin 150
Pensburgh
Vienna
Trieste

Madrid
Cadre .
Bilboa
Barcelona
yeriva
tlibealtar -

36
351
3i
35.
35„
304

iNtit: YtSTENLAI.
Leghorn . 47
Genoa . 43i
Venice - - 27
Mahe - 43
Naples . . 384
Palermolls
Lisbon -
SOI
4o - -
ittg. tl
eiro - 11)
Bahia - 61
Dublin
Cork

•ucuox.
s. d.
Portugal Gold in coin 5 17
Foreign (*old in bars 3 17 6
New Doubloons 0 0 0
New 1)ollan 0 4 9/
Silver in bars 0 5 0

iirittOtt Pregg..

NEW 7'HEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.
This Erinlng. WEDNESDAY. April 2A, will be performed
THE HYPOCRITE.
Doctor Cantwell. Mr. Dowtus 8 Maw-worm. Mr. Liston Charlotte,
Mrs. W. Neat.
After whkh. MY GRANDMOTHER.
Dicky Go/alp, Mr. Harley; )I°Tel:it. Madame liestrla.
To conclude u itk
ZOROA,TER ; or, THE SPIRIT OF THE STAR.
To-morrow, The Lord of the Manor.

THEATRE AWYAL, COVENT-GARDEN.
"'his Evening, WEDNESDAY, April 21i, will be performed
CLARI.
The Duke Vivaldi, Mr. Abbott ROl4llllO Mr. Fawcett ; CIMI, Miss
M.yawns. sass Love.
After which, THE HUNTER OF THE ALPS.
Felix. Mr. Joins ; Rosalvi. Mr. T. P. Cooke; Jeronymo, Mr. Meadows
Helena di Rosalvl, Mrs. Emelt.
To conclude with
THE .IPIRITM OF THE MOON:
Or, THE INUNDATION OF THE NILE.
TeMaorrow, Ivide shall have a Fall.

The Barrisn Purse commenced publishing yesterday morning
at half-past fire o'clock.

LONDON, WEDNESDAY, Arott. 28, 1824.
His Majesty, who otherwise enjoys good health, expe-
rienced, we regret to state, before his return to Carlton
Palace yesterday, a casual return of his too constant enemy,
the gout. The attack, we rejoice to know, however, is not
at present severe, or cxnected to be of any long continuance.
The King's physicians, under such circumstances, how-
ever, have of course dissuaded his Majesty from at present
attempting the overwhelming fatigue of a crowded drawing- 11
roiri, at which the presentations were expected to be more
numerous than any that have occurred for years. The
drawing-room is of necessity postponed to the 13th of May,
when his Majesty's health, we trust, will be fully re-esta-
blished, and equal to the fatigue of that splendid ceremony.
The Court will be held at St. James's Palace, which is now
magnificently fitted up, and the state rooms more brilliant
than any other in Europe. His Majesty's birth-day will
be celebrated on Thursday by the dinners of the Ministers
and Great Officers of State, originally announced for that
day. The most anxious inquiries and visits ware made
through the whole of yesterday at Carlton Palace, by the
molt distinzuished of our nobility, after his Majesty's
arrival. A few days, we trust, will restore his Majesty to
perfect health again.

Frankfort Papers, to the 21st of this month, reached our
iosce yesterday. From accounts they contain from Switzer-
land to the 17th, it appears that some popular discontents
have broken out, which will probably soon become general
throughout that country. The disturbances took place in
that part of the Canton of Appenzell, called the Rhodes
Interior. On the let of April, while the Great Council
was assembled, it appears that a considerable number of
country people proceeded to the town with a petition, de-
manding admittance. They were received, to the number
of forty-one, and their petition was read. It required, in
the name of the people, that the two Councils should
carefully examine the new Decrees issued by the Govern-
ment—the rights of the people, the rights of the magis-
trates, and, in short, whatever might seem advantageous to
the general prosperity,—and that the result of their labours
should be laid before the sovereign people. The peti-
tioners added, that if, contrary to all expectation, this
desire were refused, the Landegemend (a general assem-
bly of the people), should be immediately convoked.
',;:he Council, after a long debate, required that all the
articles which the petitioners had in view should be
distinctly specified ; but the petitioners, referring to
their application, complained of the innovations which
had taken place in the Administration, desiring that
the various Ordinances relative to them should be ex-
tracted from the protocol. The Council then appointed
the zth of April for the petitioners to appear before a Spe-
cial Committee, and declare their grievances—the Com-
mittee to consist of impartial men, chosen from each distriCt
of the Canton. On the 6th, it seems, the omplainants
appeared, and pointed out the innovations introdaced since
1614. The Committee, adjourning its decision, ordered, at
the same time, that the new institutions should be printed
and distributed among the people. It is yet to be seen
whether these disturbances sprang from real untutored dis-
content satong the people, or were fomented by Austrian
agents as a pretext for the armed interposition cf the latter
Power. Switzerland, within the last ten years, has lost
almost every trace of its former independence. Menaced
by the residents of the Confederated Powers, and by
Austria in particular, foreigners who had found re-
fuge for years within its territory, were suddenly exiled,
and new restrictive measures of police adopted, totally
inconsistent with all past principles that influenced the
policy of the Cantons. We shall soon bear of some
remonstrance by Austria on the subject of these disturb-
ances: she only wants a pretext to march her forces within
the Republic. Though centuries have primed since the
Swiss shook off the Austrian yoke, former domination has
rot been forgotten by this Power ; and Switzerland has
been stripped of all independence, and politically degraded,
only as the prelude to her subjugation by military force, if
France and Great Britain do not decisively interfere, to
prevent this unprincipled outrage on the liberties of the
Swim nation.

The latest letters from Leghorn and Genoa state, that
our shipping in the Mediterranean had proceeded to

their destination in safety, without meeting a single Alge-
rine vessel, from oar strict blockade of that port. The
commerce of other powers, Spanish and Italian, will ex-
perience the full benefit of our protection. We shall thus,
without the loss of a single man, annihilate the pursuits of
these barbarians; not a ship can quit or enter Algiers but
with a certainty of capture, and the Pirate of that Regency
must of necessity submit to any measures we dictate.
Whether any new outrages may oblige us to attack and
bombard the place, and again lay the defences of Algiers
in ashes, we cannot now anticipate; but such an attempt
cannot be made but by a powerful fleet, and at great loss,
and every purpose is accomplished by the blockade. The
Corsair can now despatch no aid against the Greeks,
and the Egyptian Pacha will pause before he forms an
expedition. No half measures with these barbarians
would accomplish anything; they must be taught to feel
the consequences of their outrages before they will re-
linquish the perpetration ; and our blockade, at present, is
annihilation to them. The entire Mediterranean at pre-
sent appears free from them : and if any of their cruisers
are abroad, they must ultimately fall into our hands.
This nest of pirates has for ages been the curse of those
seas, and the terror of the neighbouring coasts of Spain
and Italy. The Powers of Europe ought to unite, and by
a decided expedition render them utterly incapable of any
further outrage. Sir Sydney Smith, gime years since, with
the chivalry that marks his character, attempted to form
such a union, but failed. But for toe interposition of this
country the Mediterranean would be impassable; these
pirates would swarm in every part of it, and make descents
on the unprotected coasts of Spain and Italy, carrying
away whole villages into slavery, as they did in past times,
and inflicting incalculable miseries on the wretched inha-
bitants; but this horrible traffic is now annihilated by our
blockade.

We are afraid that the West Indians, while they arc
complaining of the crusade raised against them by the
abolitionists in this country, are themselves, with fevered'
minds, far outatepping the bounds of prudence and rea-
son. Lord Bathurst's communications with Mr. Hibbert
never should have been published, or the admirable letter
from Mr. Huskiason to Mr. Gladstone of Liverpool put
in print. Both formed an outrageous breach of all confi-
dence. The agent for Jamaica and the other representa-
tives of West India interests in England, have thus cut
themselves off from all further confidential communication
with Ministers, who cannot subject themselves, in every
casual conversation, or unstudied private letter, to the or-
deal to which both have been lately and improperly ex-
posed. We will do both Mr. Hibbert and Mr. Gladstone
the justice, however, to express our conviction, that when
the one communicated the substance of his conversations
with Lord Bathurst to his constituents in Jamaica, and
the latter gave Mr. Huskisson's letter to his " principal
attorney," or correspondents in Demerara, neither in-
tended that what they thus communicated should be made
public. The fiery zeal, however, of the Jamaica and Deme-
rara planters, led to a different result—with what benefit to
themselves or the cause they advocate is now but too plainly
seen. Lord Bathurst, in common prudence, has been obliged
to restrict all further communications with Mr. Hibbert to
such as cannot he misrepresented, by limiting them to writ-
ing; and though Mr. Huskisson's letter is one that does
equal honour to his talents and his feelings, yet, as a Mi-
nister of the country, it cannot be grateful to him to see
unreserved communications of this sort appearing glaringly
in print. While Mr. Huskiason, in this excellent letter,
was regretting the unhappy effects of the unreflecting zeal
of Mr. Wilberforce, and his pupil (Mr. Buxton), on this
question, it ought to have been an impressive lesson to the
West Indians themselves to avoid such an example, to
limit their feelings within the bounds of prudence, and not,
by violence and the most incautious conduct, defeat all the
objects they had in view. " I am sure I need not tell
you," Mr. Huskiason says, in his letter to Mr. Gladstone,
" that the Government did every thing in its power to pre-
vent Buxton's motion altogether, and that Mr. Canning In
particular exerted all hit personal influence with Mr.lVil-
berforce and others for that purpose." Though so much
was stated to Mr. Gladstone, it was not intended for the
general eye. It was impossible that Ministers, in the last
Session, could have favoured Mr. Buxton's motion ; they
must have in a great degree anticipated the melancholy re-
sults to which it led. A discussion so brought on and con-
ducted could have produced nothing but agitating hopes
and fears among the save population and the West
India residents throughout those Islands, and the cos-
sequences have unfortunately more than justified all
the apprehensions of Ministers. Nothing can be more
just than Mr. Huskisson's sentiments on this im-
portant question, as conveyed in his letter thus unad-
visedly made public. " I perfectly agree with you (Mr.
Iluskisson says to Mr. Gladstone), that, in a matter of
this portentous difficulty, it is only by gradual ameliora-
tion—by moral and religious improvement—by humanity
and kindness—by imperceptibly creating better domestic
habits and feelings amongst the slaves—by countenancing
and encouraging all that can have that tendency in the
conduct of the owners and white people—by repressing
with the strong arm of the law, and stigmatising with the
moral power of opprobrium and disgrace, whatever leads
to an opposite result—that we have a chance of ultimately,
and even then remotely, providing for the termination of
so great an evil, moral and political, as the existence of
a large population in a state of chattel possession and
personal slavery." These are axioms of truth and po-
litical wisdom applicable to this question, that cannot be
controverted: they are the principles on which we have
argued the subject all through ; nothing could be thought
of as regards the African population in the West Indies in
any other way. Sudden emancipation would be destruction
both to the negroes themselves and to the white inhabitants,
and entire property committed in tilos., islands. One thing
is now plain, from this letter, that Ministers have all along
entertained the best and most humane feelings on this
question : and it will now, we trust, be prudently left in
their bands, and be no further agitated for some time to
come, by the injudicious zeal of either party, West Indians
Or abolitionists.

Du liE OF Yoas's LE VE E.—Yesterday afternoon, 500 D
after four o'clock, the Duke of York, as Commander-in-
Chief, held a Levee at his Office in the Horse Guards, and
it being a fortnight since his Royal Hjghness held a Levee,
it was very numerouly attended, thete being between fifty
and sixty officers present. Among the principal Officers
were--

The Marquis of Carmarthen, Marquis of Londonderry, General
Drummond, General Loftus. Lieut.-General Sir Robert Holton,
Lieut.-Gen. Sir William Cockburn, Lieut.-lien. Sir R. 11.Shia9'e,
Lieut.-Gen. Lord Blarney, Lieut.-Gen. Stevenson,
Sir John Oswald, Lieut.-Gen. Pye, Major-Gen. Sir William
Hutchinson, Major-Gen. Sir George Airey. Alsjor-Gen. Stuart,
Major-Gen. Peachey, Major-Gen. Patteniion, Majoe.Gen. Mac.
quArrie. Major-lien. Hill„ and Major-Gen. Vincent.
MARQUIS IVELLISLEY.—A respectable Cork paper has
published, on what it deems authority, that his Excellency,
after a short tour to the South, proposes embarking from
Cork in the vice-regal yacht, for England, on private busi-
ness, but to us it appears not probable that there can exist
any such intention. At the present moment his Excel-
lency's presence is of high importance to the country.—
Dub/i.l I'utt.:44.

eurT.

KING'S BIRTH-DAY.

--••••••••--
[FROM A CORDE3rONDEXT•i

The Drawing Room, which was to have been held at
St. James's Palace to-morrow, is to be postponed. This
will, no doubt, occasion disappointment to many, and
inconvenience to more. We have heard various surmises
as to the occasion of this postponement, and different
causes were rumoured yestatiav, none of which have any
foundation. The real and only cause is, that it was found
impossible, notwithstanding the strenuous exertions that !
have been made, to get the new apartments properly pre-
pared
and in readiness for the purpose. It was the carrot
wish of his Majesty that it should be held on the `29th,
and the fullest expectation was entertained that, by the /
increased exertions of the workmen, and of the different
artists and tradesmen employed, the whole might have
been finished and prepared for the occasion by to-morrow ;
but it was yesterday reported to his Majesty that it was
found impossible to accomplish it, and the Drawing Room
will therefore, of necessity, be deferred.

His Majesty, it is understood, intends honouring the 1
Royal Theatres and the Opera with his presence this week.l
The Princess Augusta honoured the Italian Opera-
house with her presence last night.
Yesterday, the Duke of York, the Duchess of Gloucester,
and the Princess Sophia, visited the Princess Augusta.
The Princess Augusta honoured the Viscountess Cre-
morne with a visit yesterday, at her residence in Stanhope-
street.
Mr. Canning transacted business at the Foreign Office
yesterday.
We have authority to state, that the Dinners of the
Ministers and Great Officers of State, in celebration of his
Majesty's Birth-Day, will take place to-morrow.
The late Bishop of Bath and Wells educated the pre-
sent Duke of Gloucester, anffesid that attention to his
distinguished pupil which secured him the patronage of
the Royal Family. His first dignity was that of Arch-
deacon of London : he was,' in 1789, installed in the See
of Gloucester; and in 1804 translated to the Bishopric of
Bath and Wells.
It appears that Mr. Stafford Cooke is not the only person
in pursuit of ancient title and large possessions; we un-
derstand that Mr. R. 11. Kelham, of Chelmsford, has laid
siege to the title of Courtenay, and the more valuable ap-
pendage of one of the finest estates is Great Britain.—
Essex Mercury.
We have heard, with considerable regret, that the black
f.'ver, which was brought with a cargo of rice from Sierra
Leone, has made dreadful ravages at Antigua. We are,
however, happy to find, that Sir Benjamin D'Urban, whose
hospitality is as proverbial millis bravery, together with his
amiable Lady, have escaped the dreadful contagion. Sir
Benjamin has proceeded to the government of Demerara,
' and is succeeded in the command of Antigua by Sir Hud-
son Lowe, whose meritorious services have been thus strik-
ingly acknowledged by his country. Lady Lowe has not
accompanied Sir Hudson, but remains in the neighbour-
hood of Windsor, where she is esteemed not less for her
personal attractions than for her liberality to the poor. We
hope her fair and accomplished protege is likely, at no dis-
i. tant period, to quit her prestnt retirement, and give the
world, the benefit of her cultivated taste and many acquire-
ments. Of this young lady we may say, in the words of the
, I Poet— . .

" That delicate rose, hsa you shaken it len,
N i blight have bloomed with ts owner a while ;
As the tear that is wiped with a little address
May be followed again by a smile."

DINNER AT THE CASTl.E.—Yesterday the annual
dinner to the Lord Mayor and Corporation of Dublin took
place at the Castle. A numerous concourse of the nobility
and gentry attended. The dinner was given in the grand
presence chamber, with a royal inag,nificence and hospi-
tality ; and nothing could he more striking or imposing
than the spectacle altogether. But the important, chief
distinguishing fixture of the entertainment, in our view, is
to see men of hitherto discordant principle and politics,
sitting down at the same festive board together, in homage
to the genius that presides over the destinies of Ireland,
and who governs for the public good only, without regard-
ing the views of individuals, of sects, or of parties, unless
when they accord with the general interest of Ireland.
This appears to be the first instance of an entertainment so
attended at the Castle, in our history—tray we not, then,
augur that times of unanimity—happier times—are ap-
proaching? The band of the 10th hussars attended, and
added much to the pleasure and festivity of the scene.—
Dublin Patriot.

On Monday, the 12th inst. the Earl of Roches returned
to Scotland from his studies at Eton College, when a num-
ber !I
of the servants immediately connected with the estate,'
were assembled at Leslie House to welcome the young
nobleman to the ancient seat of his illustrious forefathers.
Upon this happy occasion mirth and joy abounded, and the
meeting was farther enlivened by the presence of the Bal-
1, birnie band, who played some beautiful slow airs and reels.
The dance was kept up with great spirit till a late hour,
and the bumpers were respectively drained to the health of
Mr. Leslie (to whose cheerful disposition the meeting owed
much of its hilarity) and to the young Earl, mixed with
many good wishes for prosperity to the house of Leslie.—
Edinburgh Paper.
The conversion of the late Rev. Dr. O'Meara to the
Catholic faith was denied in the Limerick Chronicle of
IVednestlay last. In allusion to this denial, the Rev. T.
Therry, R. C. Curate of Nenagh, published a letter in the
Dublin Patriot of Saturday last, in which he says—" On
the day previous to Dr. O'Aleara's dissolution, I was sent
for, with his consent, and by his directions; I attended
him; and he made a profession of faith, and received the
Sacraments according to the rites of the Roman Catholic
Church. Ile was then perfectly collected, and his intel-
lects were quite unimpaired. I feel that I owe it to myself
to publish these facts.
It has been stated that Government has resolved to change
the station for the departure and arrival of the foreign
packets from Falmouth to Crookbaven, on the southern
extremity of the county of Cork. The objection to Fal-
mouth as a station is, that the packets are frequently pre-
vented from sailing, for several weeks, by contrary winds.
But, were they despatched from the south-west point of
Cork, they would immediately get into a clear sea m anv
wind. It is further silt], that a survey of a road to Crook.-
haven has been ordered, and a spacious hotel will be built
for the accommodation of passengers; the plan will also
require the erection of a convenient harbour.—lrish
Observer. _

The most pleasing subject, for our readers as well as for
ourselves, are the projects for improving the town and the
river. We have given a sketch of the new street from the
Cross to the Calton-green. This magnificent undertaking
will be by far the greatest improvement ever made in
Glasgow, or probably in any town except London.—Glas-
Arnw Chronicle.
Their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of York and Glou-
cester, the Duchess of Kent, Prince Leiningen, and Prin-
cess Feodor, were among the many hundred visitors last
week, to see the Swiwi Giantess. _ .

The Presbytery of Forfar, at their meeting on Wednes-
day week, unanimously resolved to petition Parliament,
that in the ecclesiastical establishment to be given to the
colonies in the West Indies, provision should be made for
ministers of the Church of Scotland.—Caledonian filer-

_
'Phe valet who assisted in the elopement from Brussels
had 1001. a-year promised him by the adventurer if he
succeeded, which has since been settled upon him for life.
The lady wa.g so strictly watched, that she could only com-
municate with her Adonis through the medium of her pa-
per curls, pen and ink being denied her. ller apparel was
taken from her when she retired to rest at night, and the
valet received her in her only clothing (her chemise), and
speedily transported her to the arms of her anxious lover,
who impatiently awaited her arrival.—Carlisk Journal.
The Hopctown prize was shot for yesterday (Friday) in
Hope Park, by the King's Body Guard, the Royal (.7om-
pany of Archers, and won by James Tod, Esq. IV.S. The
day was fine, and a number of genteel spectators were on
the ground.—Edinbargh Paper.
EDI N )(IRON, APRIL 24.—Yesterday morning two com-
panies of the 94th regiment marched for Greenock to em-
bark for Gibraltar. The men have not yet received their full
clothing and accoutrements, but the drills have been very
strict, which have greatly improved their appearance.
They were accompanied a short way by Sir Thomas Brad-
ford, Lord Robert Kerr, and several other military oticcrs
of distinction.

The Countess of Essex's ball on Monday evening, In Hill-street,
Berkeley-square, was attended by about ISO distinguished fashion. ,
abler, including the Dowager Duchess of Richmond, the Ladies
Lennox, the Ladles Paget, Lord and Lady 3lorpeth, &e. The
spacious suite of drawing-robin' were elegantly fitted up for the oc-
casion. Dancing commenced about ten o'clock, and finished past I
four yesterday morning.
H. Peters. Esq. entertained a large party at dinner yesterday, at
his house in Park-street. Grosvenor-square.
John Weyland, Eq. had a dinner-party yesterday, at his house
in Clifford-street, Bond-street.
Lord Sherborne I a select party at dinner yesterday, at his
house in Lower Grosvenor-street.
Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell will have a dinner-party to-morrow, at
their house in Charles-street, Berkeley-square.
The Duke and Duchess of Bedford are expected in town this day,
from their seat, IVoburn
His Grace the Duke of Wellington left Cheltenham on Monday,
for Windsor, mutt", improved both in health and appearance.
The Marquis anti Marchioness of Salisbury.arrived in town yes-
terday, from their scat. Hatfield.
The Marquis of Chandoe is expected in town this day from his
seat, Wotton, Bucks.
The Marchioness of Lansdown is expected in town this day, from .1
Hastin, Sussex.
gs
The Bishop of Ossory and the Hon. Mrs. Fowler arrived in town ,
yesterday, from a visit to Mr. and Mrs. George Byng, at their seat,
Wrotham Park.
The Earl and Countess Cowper arrived in town yesterday, from
Brighton.
lard and Lady King arrived in town yesterday, from their seat,
Ockham, Surrey.
Honourable Mr. and Mrs. Agar Ellis arrived in town yes-
terday, front Lord Robert Spencer's scat in Sussex.
Lord Dynevor arrived in town yesterday, from his seat, South
Wales.
Lord Boyne left town yesterday, for his seat in Shropshire.
Lady Caroline Waldegrave has arrived at her new residence in
Curzon-street, .Mayfair.
Arrivals at Jordan's Hotel, St. James's-street :--Sir Thomas
Winnington' Bart. yesterday, from his seat, Stamford Court, Wor-
cestershire; Mr. and Mrs. Hall, from Scotland.
Arrivals at Gould's Hotel, Jermyn-street r--Smyth Wyndham,
Esq. from the Continent ; two Messrs. Micklevaite, from Bath.
Sir George Warrender, Bart. arrived in town yesterday, from
Paris.
Arrivals at the Waterloo Hotel, Jermyn-street r—Colonel Clif.
den, from Yorkshire; John Doherty, Esq. H.P.; John Caroll,
Eek.—Captain Markham has left ditto, fir his seat in Yorkshire.
1 The Earl of Arran left town yestertliy, for his seat in Sussex,
for a few days.
Arrivals at FLulong'a Hotel, Oxford-street :—Mr. and Mrs.
Shute, from Ilaileyhury, Heats; John Hodgson Esq. from Chig-
well-place ; P. N. Roberts, Esq. from Esher. Departures:—Lady
and the Misses Fremantle, on a tour; Mr. and Mrs. Tatnall. for
Cheltenham ; William Higgins, Esq. on a tour ; Sir Charlie Blair,
Bart. for Cochtield-hall, Suffolk.
Arrivals at the Bath Hotel, Arlingtciatreet :—lllra. Blunt and
Miss Harrison, from Brighton; 31r.11IInt. and Miss Eagleton, from
Bath ; Sir Walter and Lady Robert and family, from their seat.
Devonshire. Departures :—Mr. and Mrs. Caley, for Bees ; Col.
on Winslow a tour.
CHELTENHAM, APllll.24.—List of arrivals to this date r—
' Duke and Duchess of Beautirrt, Earl and Countess of Darlington,
lard Fitzroy Sontereet, Lord Apsley, lady Hereford, the ladies
Sinner/ie., the Ladies Vane, the Ladle§ Turnout, lard Chief Jus-
, rice and Lad! Best, Mr. and Lady Louisa Lambton, Sir F. Bur.
. deft, M.P. Sir IL Donkin.—Rev. Messrs. ilinekes, Stratton
Captains Blair. Dalrymple, Sely ; Captain and Mrs. Lcwis—Mr.
t and M. Forbes, Gillet, 31• Neil, Phillips, Wallace and family,
&c. &e. /cc.

I ()REIGN I NTE L LIG E ATE.

FRANKFORT PAPERS.

We received Frankfort Papers yesterday to the 21st inst.
and extract from them the following account of a miniature
insurrection in Switzerland :
SWITZERLAND. APRIL 17.

... ..
There have been some disturbances iu that part of the Canton of
Appenzell, called the Rhode's Interior.
(In the Ist of this month, while the tirrat Council was assembled
at Appetaell, a pret'y considerable number of country people_pro-
ceetled to the town with a petition, demanding admittance. They
were received to the number of 4!, and their petition read. It re-
quired, in the name of the people, that the two Councils should
carefully examine the new decrees issued by the Government, the,
rights of the people, the rights of the magistrates, and, in short,
whatever might seem advantageous to the general prosperity, and
that the result of their labour should be laid before the sovereign
people. The petitioners added, that if, contrary to all expectation,
this desire were refused, the Landegemeind (a general assembly of
the people) should he immediately convoked.
The Council, after a long d,bate, required that all the articles
which the petitioners had an view shook' be distinctly specified ;
but the latter, referring to their application, confined themselves to
complaining in general of the innovations which had taken plate in
the a4ministratlon ; desiring, that the various ordinances relative
to them should be extracted from the protocol.
The Council then appointed the sth of April for the complain-
ants to appear before a Special Committee, and declare their
grievant-ex This Onninlttee was to consist of impartial men,
chosen trum each district of the Canton.
On the 6th the complainants appeared, and pointed out verbally
the innovations that had begun to he introduced in 1814. The
Committee adjourning its decision, ordered, at the same time, that
the new institutions should be printed and distributed among the
people. So stands the affair at present.

HANRURGII, APRIL E.
The Number (for March and Apvii) of the magazine of Foreign
Liferatn,c, just published here, contaitis the lint official
account of the appcalance of the cholera morbus, last autumn, at
Astrachan, and of the atop put to its progress by the judicious
and vigorous measures of the Russian Government. The most
sanguine expectations are encouraged by the success of these
measures against a disease, which, since the year 1817, has been
incessantly advancing from East to West, and, in the apace of
three years, has carried off throe minims and a half of people in
India alone.

Letters by the French Mail, yesterday, state the arrival
of San Martin. from Buenos Ayres, at Havre.
Letters from Paris, received yesterday, state that Sir H.
B. Neale had arrived, in the Revenge man of war, at Mar-
seilles. All negociations with the Ley of Algiers had
failed: the port was strictly blockaded.
Extract from the Demerara Gazettt of the 27th of
February :—" Dominica is in confusion and uproar. The
Earl of Huntingdon, who dissolved the House of Assem-
bly a short time ago, has refused to issue any new writs
for the re-election of Members until his Majesty's pleasure
be known regarding the issue between them. '
Letters have been received from Leghorn and Genoa in
twelve days. They state that our shipping proceed to
their des:inations without meeting any of the Algerine
cruisers, as the coast was strictly blockaded by the Englitli
squadron. There is no political information from the above
p:aces.
A private letter from Nuremberg, dated April 20. states
that the Porte had received an intimation through a foreign
personage (probably the French Charge d'Afiains), of the
instructions given by the British Government to the new
Governor of the lonian Islands, and that the Turkish
Minister had signified to Lord Strangford that the Sultan
felt great dissatisfaction at finding them so favourable to
the Greeks.

Letters have been received from Lord Byron, dated
Miasolonghi, March 16. At that period his Lordship ha I
perfectly recovered from his severe indisposition, and was
taking an active part in the affairs of Greece. We are
happy to state that his Lordship writesin the most glowing
terms of the fair prospects of the Greek cause, and cautions
his friends against attaching any credit to the disagreeable
accounts which have been published in the English papers.
At the date of these papers no intelligence had been re-
ceived of the fall of L:•panto or Patras; but, from the
extent of the preparations made for the storming of those
fortresses, little doubt was entertained of the result.

A letter from Odessa, dated March 31, states that ad-
vices had been received there front Constantinople of the
sailing of the Turkish fleet from the 1/ardaneUes, having
under its protection two Algerine vessels. According to
this. account, the fleet was met by two English ships of
war, and the Turkish admiral required to deliver up the
Algerine vessels ; this being refused, the English Captains
commenced a regular attack, and took possession of the
objects of dispute. The writer of the letter coannuni-
eatinr, this intelligence is an English gentleman at Con-
startmople, too respectable to repeat the mere silly rumours
prevalent in the Turkish capital. This news, therefore,
was probably well credited there; but there are many
reasons for disbelieving it; one of the strongest of
which is, that if such a circumstance had occurred,
we should have heard of it by some other channel than
'Odi sea.

The Camden Halifax packet, respecting whose safety
much doubt existed both here and in America, has at
length arrived. The cause of her delay originated from the
state of the weather on her passage out with the Decem-
ber mail, having been 92 days, during which time she ex-
perienced most bois'erous weather. On her return she
completed the same passage in 21 days.
LIVERPOOL, APRII. 25.—The Laurel, Barber, arrived
here this day from l'ara with her outward cargo. She was
obliged to leave the port in consequence of the disturbed
state of the country. Ile British Consul had embarked and
oiled for Barbadece, with a number of Ea:epees*, on
board the Mary Eller..
