PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE.
HOUSE OP I+ol-127WIDAY, DI Ay It

SLAVERY.
Lad ITORRINOTON presented a petition from Faversham, in
sent. praying for the abolition of slavery.
The Duke of )lONTROSE presented a petition from traders,
manufacturers, and other inhabitants of the city of Glasgow de-
precating any Interference with West India property. His I:ord-
sbip wished the petition to be reed ; but did not pledge himself to
support the prayer of it to the full extent of the petitioners' wishes,
unless any measures should be brought torwatd injurious to their
Interests.—The petition was then read.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said he had a similar petition to
present from the city of Edinburgh, and although every man wished
to see a termination put to slavery, he was one of those that thought
such an event could only he brought about by a course of gradual
and temperate measures; and he also thought that the desired end
was delayed by the intemperance of some of those who advocated
the abolition of slavery. If any interference with the property
of the petitioners should take place, he did not think it consistent
with British justice to overlook their claims, which merely asked
tot a compensation for any losses which they might sustain.
The petition was then laid on the table.
Lord It EDESDA LE supported the prayer of the petition.
Lord I kLTIIORPE vindicated the conduct of the abolitionists
from the charge of intemperance, and concluded by ppresenting pe-
titions against slavery, trom Nantwich, Northallertoo, West
Auckland, and Hastings.
CORN LAWS.

The Marquis CAMDEN presented a petition from owners
and occupiers of land in the neighbourhood of Kent, against any
alteration in the Corn Laws; and a similar petition 419113 certain
inhabitants of the eastern part of Kent,
METROPOLITAN TURNPIKE TRUST BILL.
The Marquis CAMDEN also prevented petitions against the
Metropolitan Turnpike Trust Bill, from Islington, Kentish Town,
Cierkeowell, and one from the trustees of the Hackney turnpike
trait.
The Duke of NEWCASTLE presented a similar petition front
tote trustees of 3larylebone-road.

The Earl of SHAFTF.SIWRY presented petitions to the same
*feet from the polishes of St. John, Hackney. and of Illoylebone
Lord DACRE moved the Order of the Day for going into a
Committee on the Metropolitan Turnpike Trost Bill. His Lord.
ship's object was to discharge the order, fur the purpose of having
the Bill referred tea Select Committee.
The Marquis CAMDEN made some objections to the Bill.
After a long conversation, In which the Lord Chancellor, the
Marquis Camden, Lords Redesdele, Ellenborough, Rosalyn. and
Rodney, took a part, the Order of the Day fur going into a Cow•
mittee of the whole House was discharged, and the Bill wu re.
/erred to a Select Committee.
WOODS AND FORESTS.
Mr. Waller presented the lith Report of the Consuissiosere of
Woods and Forests.
CHURCHES IN SCOTLALD.
Mr. Spiller presented the second Report of the Commissiuten
for building Chorches in the Highlands of Scotland.
Their Lordships adjourned at half-past bill fill Wednesday nut.
