LIVERPOOL ELECTION.

I 11.1

.v
A.

lil

latll

- -
MR. 1117SRISSON.S VISIT TO THE CANNING CLUB
In the evening the Right Honourable Gentleman visited the Csn.
nina Club, which was arsembled to receive bim in the large room
of the York it tel. fie arrived at about nitte o'elack..and wee re-
ceived with loud and long-continued sheeting.
Mr. JOHN Ecccrs, the Vice-President of the Club, roseto
propose at a tout, " Our Patron Saint, the Right Honourahla G,
Canning.;
The tout was received with thunders of applause, and dunk
with thegreatcst enthusiasm. _

Mr. ilitsa minx then env!, sled spoke to the follatein, ,f 144
ll r. Presideut and Gentlemen : No genikinan in ehia me can
possibly wish more sincerely than I do that my Right Hon. Frieed
was present, to return to you, in person, his thanks fir the levee;
which you have just conferred on him, instead of that duty
tie.waiving on myseit because, I
em sure. if he were present at this
moment, that he would be here in that character in whitsrat
have so often received him with delight and eeteey, a eandidite far
your suffrages and the eloquent advocate of those principle which
form the bond of union of this Society, When I left my Right
Hon. Friend late on Thurday night, it was his pailieular request.
anpnti
dr teunnt i tyymonf
kindnessm ee ting
would afford
d(ais
me
snout after
opportunity
niwrthylicabirr'adilva) waillasthclat I should express to you the unalterable Jethro or
affection and regard which he enterttilas titwarde a Society which
has so strenuously supported. not himself only, but the principles
for which he and you had to amend, at every successive eleetine,
from the hour of his being Inviied to represent c!. tal community. Per.
haps I may be permitted to state what was the occasion on which
my Right lion. Friend charged me with the commission which y
have now so imperfectly executed. On the evening to which
have alluded, he received a f.ccon 1 deputation (for one had med.
ed him on tiro day preceding) from the electors of Worn:intr.,
strongly urging him tn becomes candidate for the honour of tepee.
senting that city in Parliament. This honour was offered to hies
on terms the most Bettering to a putilic man : but it was one which
he did not hesitate one moment to decline. The same reeeons which
had induced him, however reluctantly, to solicit your acquiescence
to hit retiring from the representation of Liverpool, wood nee
permit him to form a connexion with any other plate, which, from
its importance and population, might devolve upon him an extent
of local duties, to which it would be impossible for him satisfactorily
to attend, consistently with those higher and more general dudes
which belong to his situation In the Government of the country, f
my Right Hon. Friend, by an effort of diligence and exertion, could
have continued a connexion of that sort, holding at the Beale
time his present office, the wish nearest kis heart would have been
to have remained in a situation endeared to him be a recullectio•
of the circumstances under which he was first invited to Liverpool,
and by all the struggles in which he had been, in your hands, the
instrument of asserting those principles, by a steady adherence to
which this country 9/14.4 preserved from revolution, and the ssr
brought to an honourable and successful termination. Having ie.
linquisited the representation of Liverpool, my Right Hun. Friend
could not ricknowledge In any other place, however important, of
however distinguished by the great men li whom it hut been re.
presented, an equal right to that which the freemen of this twee
had to his service. As a public man, he owes his time and his te.
lents to his Sovereign and hie country, but, next to that paramount
claim, he acbnowledgee none which could have come in comptiti.
titan with the claim which you had to the continuance of his service
as one of your Representatives. For myself, I ant sure it is unne-
cessary for me, on this occasion, to repeat that which I had the
honour to state to you when your kindness first invited me to come
among you—that no person can feel the privation which you have
sustained in losing the services of my Right Hononrable Friend
more than tht individual of whom you made choice to succeed him.
The CHAIRMAN, after pronouncing an eloquent eulogium on
the character and services of Mr. Huskisson, and alluding to the
clamour which had been ignorantly raised against the Right Ho-
nourable Gentleman on the subject of the Combination Laws, pro.
posed the health of Mr. fluskisson.

The tout was received with acclamation, the applause cont P-u.
jog for several minutes. As anon as silence was obtained, Mr.
uskis.on rose and spoke as follows :
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen :—Notwithstanding some degree
of fatigue under which I now labour, after a rapid journey in this
sultry weather, I feel that I should not only be greatly wanting in
my sense of duty to this Society, but doing great violence tom,
own inclination, if I could have been in Liverpool many hours,
without seeking an opportunity of making to you my aeknowlede.
inents for the kind reception which I had the honour to teems:
from you in 1823, when I first became a candidate for the reoresen.
nation of this town. There is no impulse of a well-constituted
mind which it obeys with more promptitude and alacrity, titan the
desire to return thanks for kindnesses for which it is not in nu:
power to render arty other requital. But, certainly, the manner,
the most distinguished manner in which you have received me tls
evening, will add greatly to the obligations which I had already in.
cured to the Canning Club. lam fully sensible that I can have
no title to the partiality which I have experienced from you, except
a steady adherence on my part, under all circumstances, and in all
vicissitudes of the country, to those principles, for the main.
tenanee of which this Club was first united and fornitid. It inion
possible to recall to our recollection the distinguished name under
which this Club was first embodied, without also bearing in mind
the principles which led to its formation. Those principles, Gen-
tlemen, whether they have reference to the foreign policy of the
country, or to our internal situation. are not likely, perhaps, to be
called into active and vigorous display at an early period. Abroad
there is nothing which seems to threaten a renewal of the evils and
hazards of war; and at home there exists no spirit of combinstian
against the laws which is likely to disturb those institutions which
form the strength and the pride of this country. But, however much
we may feel ourselves relieved from the necessity of now con
tending against those who opposed your principle., either at the.
hustings or any other place still our principles remain the sante.
It is our duty to avow and cherish them at all times, and to he
ready again to calf them into action whenever the occasion shah'
render it necessary. This Club was formed, I believe, at the most
awful crisis of the late protracted and then apparently desperate
war. It was then that you manifested an unshaken confidence in
the resources of the country; it was then that you declared yot.r
conviction, that with those resources properly called forth, and pro:
perly directed by steadiness, perseverance, and energy in the Cain-
ells of the State, we should not only vindicate our own honour and'
maintain our own just rights, but should finally rescue the other
countries of Europe from the state of slavery and degradation in
which they were then held by France. The first principle of your
club, therefore, was a fixed determination to meet boltily the diffi-
culties of the war. By adhering to that principle we became the
liberators of the Continent ; and the name of England was placed
nn the pinnacle of glory. IWhen peace was restored, difficulties in-
cidental to the sudden return to a state of peace, after such a long
period of exertion, came upon the country. If, at the onset of your
career, it became necessary to rouse and direct all the energies
of the country against the pretensions of the foreign foe, at a
later period (in the year 1819.) efforts of a different kind were ne-
cessary to uphold the institutions of this country, to protect indus-
try, property, and liberty itself, against the misguided doctrines of
some, and the daring machinations of others, who would have de.
strayed all those blessings. Then you were as true to sour prin.
ciplea, with reference to internal danger, as you were magnanimoer
and firm when you had to oppose the less disguised pretensions of a
foreign enemy. And with what success ? Thank God the laws
are now respected and obeyed. The measures of temporary legisla-
tion to which it was necessary to resort to secure the peaceable en-
joyment of the Constitution, have ceased to be requisite. and they
nolonger form part of the Statute Book ; but they remain a beacon
for our future guidance under similar dangers, and a warning to
those who may, at any time hereafter, attempt to substitute violence.
and faction, and revolution, for the well-regulated and temperate
exercise of the rights which the law has secured to British sub.
jecte. The policy of these measures became the subject of
great contest both with parties out of doors, and between the
greatest statesmen of our time in Parliament. Far different is cur
employment now. We are frequently discussing subjects of less
vital importance, and certainly of less excitement, though of great
moment to the general improvement of the interests of the country.
In the discussion of those subjects it was toy lot, as it was my duty,
in the responsible situation in which the Conan:audit of my Sort.
realm had placed me, to bring forward several measures connected
with the commerce and induatry of the country. Of the policy of
some of those measures individuals may form different opinions.
All that I shall now say is, that I hare bretught them forward
with the best intentions to promote the welfare of .he country, with
the moat entire conviction of their utility, and with the full concur-
rence of all my colleagues. I should detain you tun lung (and ibis
is not a tit occasion), were I to refer more particularly to those mea-
sures: but there is one to which our worthy Chairman has adverted,
and which 1 understand has caused a considerable degree of excite-
ment : and somewhat of an angry feeling, among is part of the free.
men of this town. Gentlemen, 1 allude to the Combination Laws:
but I trust that I shall find, even in those who arc now the most
irritated on this subject—an irritation which I nmat attribute
principally to insidious mimenreseniations, that feeling of justice
which is natural to ovary Englishman, and that 1 shall be Nerd
before lam condemned. This is not too much to ask from thou
who had confided to me the exercise of • most important trust, of
which it is now my duty to render an account. In tendering that
account to the freemen, I hope to be able to convince even the mos
prejudiced, that I could have no object in view, the attainment o
which could neither injure their cause, or prejcdice their interests
Grntlernen, on the subject of the Combination Laws, and of Weibearing on the comforts and happiness of the labouring classes,
own that I have a feeline of anxiety to set myself right in the eye
of the public, not of Liverpool only, but generally of the who!,
country. (Loud cheering.) Nothing would give me greater pait
than to be supposed to be the persecutor and the oppressor of-'
who are most entitled to the protection of the Legislature. At
time of the first discussion in Parliament on the subject of the
laws, in 1824, I did not hesitate to declare, that my objection
these laws was, that, in their operation, they were unequal, and tie.
they could not be impartially administered. In principle. chi
unfairness ;did not appear ; because the laws meted out tl
same punishment to the musters as to the workmen, in
event of their being convicted of engaging in illegal combinati,
But in practice they could not be equal; and for this remain.-
it was very possible tor two or three toasters, without the
bility of being detected, to combine Mr the vurpose of
conditions on a thousand workmen, attd to refuse theno ern,
if they did nix acquiesce in their coalitions; but that

pain
thoae

..,e
IMpOsing
employment
- • tin ono

i.
icyy
t

.
moment-to the general =prevenient of the interval of the country.
me praises iavisnett on min sty omen, Out Ms conscience meeting was in a state more dieposed to hear itim, he would enter
l'll -fi • 0 sew and ability which wa..never cur assert, and that if I a
r.neirec. returned. he woultl direharge his parliamentary dunce as he wife. When- this was the effect 0-f it;;-Wc-es,----1-1; e.o-di.d.Wo'i . °li' ed him to say, that he lied no pretensions to those praises, fully into the question of the Corn haws. At present lie could only
help reprobating the idiotism (so he 'met call it) of those
tolls Again, lie repeated, he only MOO forward In obedience to a public express his decided satisfaction at the state of the poll. The cla- In the discussion of. those su.bjects.it seas my lot, as it sou my duty,
in the responsible situation in which the commands of my Sore-
l" '• • Ira had lutheeto done, to the satisfaction of ell parties. Ile was not refused to be guided by experience. The country had risen
state of unexampled prioperity under the old system, and yet ing his privete comfort", when celled upon to perform a public tried in vain to quell, readered it impossible for us to hear distinctly with the commerce and industry of the country. Of the policy ei
accustomed to public speaking, wet Amulet therefore. without
moiler observation, preemic 31r. Denison as ahi and proper Per- theorists and philosophers etraceeded in persuading many that
Hewe service. This sentiment he had kept in his breast, and had what fell from the speaker.
sem to sieve in Parliament. were. going wrong, and ought to commence a new system. never before uttered. Had he emeilicly apootinced this opinion, Mr. DENtsort said hi felt some reason to congratulate his friends some of those measures individuals may form different opinions.
All that I shall now say is, that I have breught diem forward
Mt. dolor Istecie said that Me. Denison was well known to hope, however, that the country would not be led away by such it would be s solicited solicitation, a call fora call. He was as wile also on the state of the poll. In fact, he had been taken by surprise, with the best intentions to promote the welfare of .he country, welt
s •11; , •
to
couaty, and a more honourable anO independent man that idle theories, but this it would long continue to enjoy the prospe- nog as any other Gentleman to bear testimony to the conduct ofthe and intimated to his friends that he should not sent them until the moat entire conviction of their utility, and with the full concur-
.. crestoy id not produce. (Applause.) He had always supported city it had attained under the old system. As to Negro Slavery, late Members. But if those Genttlernen's conduct was SO Merely Wednesday. However, as they had placed him in such* situation, rence of all my colleagues. 1 should detain you too long (at d dos
, ' • draws preporials for the reduction of taxes which pressed so heavily he :bought it was an indelible disgrace list such a system should approved ofas they scented to imagine, he must consider that though he hoped they would persevere in their efforts in his favour, and lie is not a tit occesiono were Ito refer more perticularly to those nice-
. U-at the Admiuistration bond it Impossible to carry fully into • 'tie reefed in this country. However, that was the fault of lie had given them some trouble lie had done them good services. felt confident that lie 'mild ultimately be successful. (Applause.) surest but there is one to which one worthy Cheirtnau has adverted.
i deea those measures which were necessary for the advancement of I
1 the Lelaturee whicn had encouraged the investment of capi- They would return in greater triumph to resume theirthan Mr. Pe ee • saidthat when
t, e country. Such were the me cures of from trade, which every , teal toga prndigious amount and it wan not justice to destroy if no. places, to .t. n the Hon. Gent. (31e. Sumner)
ppesition had taken place, and they had been permitted to menti•ined the pride and pleasure he felt at his situation stn thegr
and which 1 understand has caused a considerable de ee of excite-
' 1
' lo.reral nem mint approve, but which the Ministry could not carry that mow,
fully into erect hecause we were shackled by taxer,. As to Mr.
:smarter, be believed him to be perfectly 1 which wan inves4,l by individuals on the faith of Go. walk over the course witheitt opposition. (Applause.) It had poll, after being known to the freeholders for 20 years, he Mr P.
verumene Hut much ae he regretted the existence of this system, been Insinuated that the reeeleition presented to him hail been got {had some cause to feel pride and pleasure, when he reflected on ,tiro
e leant ;end somewhat of an angry feeling, :tieing a part of the free-
men of this town. Gentlemen, 1 allude to the Combination Lsws:
but I auto that I shall find, even in those who arc now the most
Armen and independent. brighter dams he befitted had dawned, and that the ultimate eaten- up hy hie Kingston Committee. It wee true, thut requisition wee number of votes given for him, although he uses known in the coml. irritated on this !interact—an irritation which I must attribute
Mr. Sumner. The 187 freeholders PrinciPallY
urn he differed from him on many Important question*. lie ciliation of the negroes was 01),IITIleted by the anxious solicitude of signed by many persona wile lived in that neighbourhood, and ty so much a shorter time than to ineitheue ne.renresientations, that feeling of justice
tecught be was deeming of Bunke for his conduct on the (arm the aholitionists. lie saw his Hon. Friend the High Sheriff shook could any thin be more natural than that a men should be called who polled for him that day proved to his Own satisfaction that his which is natural to every Engiielinian, and that 1 shall be heard
his head at this, but it was nevertheless the face Precipitate men. upon by those wee were around him? If die roquimition bad only situation on the poll would soon equal his warmest expectations. before I sin condemned. This Is not too much to ask from those
lease. He Admitted the general principle that the trade in torsi
sure, for the abolition of slavery, lie thought, must be attended with 'mistimed from Kingston, the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Sumner) (Applause.) who had confided to me the exercise of a most important trust, of
smget to he free like all other trades, but limners ought to have
reorie profit, and poor noel and tithes pressed eepecially on them. the loss of life to all time whit, in the ee'est !mom and then what is ould have two sources of sr istactloh. In the first place, he would The Court was then adjourned to nine o'clock on Wedeteday(thie) • which it is now my duty to render an account. In tendering that
ler• would ask the °moil rs of land whether, with the present high would be the smite of the negroes ? One ballot' the slaves would rise obtain his seat ; and, secondly, he would have the satisfactiun morning. account to the freemen, I hope to be able to convince even the most
and destroy the other half, and then whet a state would the sue- of knowing that his conduct was disapprovei Monty in one portion prejudiced, that I could have no object in view, the attainment of
pricey as they were collet, their pockets were overflouing 1 Ile
____, .._ .
views be left in. without clethee or maintenance, or the protection of the county. But lie ( Mr. Pallmer) visited all parts of the which could neither injure their cause, or prejedice their interests.
meshed to see corn low, but before it fell he wished to see the taxes
steel, pressed on the agriculturist reduced. ►(Applaurien In con- of a master. His opinion was, that time negroes should be prepared county, and he cautioned the lion. Gent. " not to lay that QUEENBOIIOUGH, JUNE li. Gentlemen, on the subject of the Combinatien Laws.. and of their
effusion, he believed in hie enoscience that Mr. Ihnison was a man for emancipation by the acquirement of iodine of industry, and by flattering unction to his Roue" that the disapprobation which ---onee—
bearing on,
the comforts and happiness of the labouring daises. I.
the effecteuf motel culture. This opinion he held upon perfectly existed was confined to any one pert of Om county, Ile The contest for this borough terminated on Saturday, in the re. own that I have a feeline of anxiety to set myself right in the eyes
moan nothing could induce to do wrorg, or to vote fur what
ee conceived would he dieadvantagenue. On this Pr'"riPle he 'UP- independent grounds. lie had no connexion whatever with the respected the Hon. Gentleman's manly forwardness on ninny turn of Mtn Capel, Esq. and Lord Dowues ; Lord Frederick C. of the public, not of Liverpool oilly, but generally of the whole
Bentitick being the unsucceeslul Candidate. from what transpired
West Indies, and his sentiments on this suliject were only thirsted subjects of local policy on which it was his misfortune to differ from , . . . . . . „ , .
ed him, and lie hoped his friends who were. present would give
1 . , hy Om grneral views. On all °condone of his public life, whether film. He did tint say whether the 800. Gentleman was right or noting the election, the oleleetion to Durd kF. llentinek appeared to than to be supposed to be the persecutor and the oppressor of those
country. (Loud cheering.) Nothing would give me greater pain
h•m the appearance of what they meant to do reality,
in the relation of a Magistrate or a Member of Parliament, he de. wrorg ; he only knew that lie could not eympathize with him. be, that ile hed not attended to the application made to him by a who are most entitled to the protection of the Legislature. At the
me sip their hands for him when invited to do so by the High
Bailie. (Applause.) bed any one tosay that he ever allowed anything to stand In the However, if the Hon. Gentlemen wax returned, he was the first who large hotly of the electors, respecting adult they deemed an infringe. time of the first diecusaion in Parliament on the subject of these
I !
Mr. Barscor. then rose to prinitera Mr. Pailmer, and in doing way of his public duty. As a public servant, therefore, bethought would shake bands with him, anti wish him the long enjoyment of merit of Meir rights by the Corporation ; and hence it washtat the hoe, in Nee, I did not hesitate to declare, that my objection to
what every lust man exercised in hill 0.1) faitiji7 was clue wilily', his honours. lie wished every candidate to be cetechlsed as ti his elector,' were determined to return a •gentleman of the lame politi. these laws WAS, that, in their operation, they were unequal, end that
so earnestly dieclaimed all private motives in the part lie had
.No man turned off a groom boy without having some charge public Principle*, but, after the investigation which had cal principle* as Lord Frederick. in order to ishew the Government they could net be impartially administered. In principle. this
takers. Cne lion. Gentlemen here stretched out his hands both
to Mr. Sumner and Mr. Denieon, and shook thena most heartily.) minima Mtn; slid it an old and tried servant waatlischaried without alrendi taken piece on all great questions of denraistic policy. he that it was not dime in host:lily to them, but in order that the differ. unfairness :did not appear ; because the laws meted out tee
•
•
(Much laughter.) As private motives were alluded to, he thought reasonable cause, the disgrace of such an act recoiled from the ser- shout touch but slightly on politics. He was said b one gentle- trice* between them and Ore Corporation, as to right of fishery and same Foolohroror to the musters as to the workmen, in the
' k
it accessary thus Nem his heart to disclaim them. Rut it had been
be vent ansetell upon his master. Now, he cleinied the same measure Mall to be a Government man, and by another to be figainet the Other grievances, should, if possible, be arranged. Lord Downes, event of their being convicted of engaging in illegal combinations.
i
' said that the two Members who were before returrenl should of junrice fur the MOAT steward which evert, man dealt out in pri. Catholics. Now the fart was, he had never Protesseol himself a inc short speech, assured the electors that he would gladly lend his But in practice they could not bee qual; and for this remene--that
vats life. If his conduct rendered him unworthy of confidence he Govnnment men, nor did he tow give an opinion for or spinet aesistance to mediate between them and the Corporation. The it was very possible tor two or three 'fluters, without the poa,i-
again returned. Now ho did not Roe the principle of such a doe.
vier.. His Hon. Friend (Mr. Pallmeo did not stand forth in op- deserved to be turned A and he should submit to the censure of the Catholics. Goon the Catholic Question he should take time Noble Lords took their departure at five o'clock yesterday morning, bility of being detected, to combine for the leurpose of imposing
his erinstituente • but if lie did not deserve ensure, let him not be to deliberate. The electors would not be 10 inconelett nt as to "end and Mr•Celsel takes him to-morrow ;on which occasion great ;mita. conditions on a thousand workmen, und to refuse them employment
I $ ' possums to either of she lion. Gentlemen, but the course was clear,
turned away. The Mon. Gent. concluded his speech amidst min led ; him to a deliberative body, and tell him not to deliberate. They *lions arc making by the freemen, ill order W escort him, with all lif they did not acquiesce in their coalitions ; but that BM one
• . .) .- 1 gee all amod on equal grounds. Surely it would not be said than
Dawn- a Ocotlemao was returned once. he should be returned to
I
• i 1 ''
Ei• I .'
-
111111111111111111111111111111111111111.111111111111111.111111.1111111.11111111.11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111M1EM. I
