education. The framers of it had been careful tn dispeee
to exclude the multitude from any share in the nnent ; en.d
a qualification for electors in the return of Reptesentatires was este-
btieheet. A system of European education had been adopted, and
was now in progrese through the emintrr. There had not been a
single soldier employed in the interior 'or the country in aid of the
police, for the Iwo two years, since the Spsnish IT,IVS were lei :heirs ern
and no instances of outrage bad taken place. The governmei t of
Colombia manifested to the world, not only its power, lett its wilt
to be in amity with all nations, and he thought that Gnvemmeto
had done every thing tedevervi, that amity. It had pursued s course
of policy with regard to the abolition of slavery which mined it to
the thanks of this country and all civilized nations. He would
appeal to the Noble Earl opposite, who Riled the office of Coln-
oral Secretary, and ask him if the efforts of that goverrtment
had not done much to effect that moor desirable object ? They
had set about the work in Bond 'unmet: for in Colombia they
had established a society, the express object of which was the
abolition of *laver'', end a tax was eel apart to deOey the
expenses of emancipation. The consequence of this excellent
institution was, that all children would in future be barn free.
This object had been effected in a most satisfactory manner to the
mestere, among whom no murmurs were hefted, by rename ef the
amelioration of their slaves. because it was commenced cm sound
principles. He had adverted to this topic because it was liiglity ho-
nourable to the Mange of that Government, end rate: be earth_
factory to their Lordships to contemplate the advances thaf'lnt
lombians had made in faroor of abolition. a measure which wel.td
eel to place that Government high in the scale of the define*
world. It had bees said ha some persons. that it was impomente Eat
think of any unqualified recegnition of the Sonth American (titans
Of those who thee argue, he would ask if rublie wes rot a
pretty safe and motet" barometer Of the stab trey etf• goretetrent--
a barometer that was Inked to by Statesmen as wet, as•inoteled
men, we a very safe ooe to act by ? There was now Fere* • :ntai!;
siftinsla the (Icy a compere of gentlemen whe-hini het this
is the most impartial manner—who bed no pretliinreen
far Moth y, Aristocracy, oe Demoreracr ; but trio took tie
oast philosophical view of the gut stion rithreferetire le the nt ;net
they had in new. They did not suffer their !nit der to be disnelied
by any form of government ; they looked to the point of seethite
0n1y.., and their conduct sheeted whet theleopinion secs a,. to the
stability of this government. The rice Millie week of +I. is new
government was $7 to 811 (hear), whilst that 8t the old government
was from 18 to 22 per cent /ewer. He had been obliged to tenet()
the market at Amsterdam to get it quoted at all, set bole ste Obi
Spain's stock in repute, and there he found that oily the were
before last, with ail its legitimacy attached to it. Spanish stock
was at 51 and s*, whilst (.11di stock was 82 in any market. ;that
this statement, he would oak if these evitneries were rot in a rhea-
don to justify the old cotmtriesin recopieing them ? It' they mild
not be recognised bemuse of their present horn, bat meet be
invited to beam& monarchical or aritcurratieni, lie loitered
it would be the Rest tittle that melt a emene I:2d beet,
aiopted towards any State. lie Me:thinly lived in c coin-
try where the three united were the hs-ftt to:ortett to the
habits and wishes of the people, bat yet it elei not follow ott dud
account that pure monarchy, arietnerecy, or Oemocrate, might tot
invite respect helm all. If this or other coontriss could ma roer,F_
nese the South Arnoffeim proviners, a greet seed mighty Star-. (nc
alluded to the United States of Amerint). might taring tittn; Sleek
to democracy, and eery naturally tiled great reentry tnio-ht do so.
It was her own form of Government; else eyelid rot orly tiold eta'
advantages, but hold up an tierce:4e to theme. The ("noel Smen
would feel themselves called upon to street the hdeeenecree of
that great continent, pressed as they might find it by the Let-le:rot
Powers. It might be asked, was *this the ermine of a right ;le,
ought to involve this eountry in a cer.test, since the present Sta:en
Europe refused to acknowledge the country banner ot her I :oven -
meet? The conduct pursued by the country towni de the Ur i re.,
winces said the House of Bragenes *ere nom in poirtt. Fur fit yeere
this Government acknowledged the thyinet Previntes, aod ro * sr
was produced by such recognition. The Howse of Itrasgsr -3. in
1641, was declared by the Carta of Ihertneal a fee sneer-i!e•te:
and indepeedent of npein. The head of that 11.1 tee en:A wed::
Duke of Magenta, and iu 1842 this country uckeeeeleciged tlin
deper.dence of the Braganca', withoet producieg a war. He ...Ned
admit that in the recognition of an indejenelent el:l:dein it terk
essential that she ahould have the power rf maintaittic an.ite st.ei
commerce with other States, and he threteht that he. had preen'
that South America wee capable of that. lie-now carnet° the goes_
thin of the expediency of the measure; and here he begged to re-
mind their Lordships that they were not to suppose, that at e..• the
French Revolution this country was placed in the tame sior•tio
as she had previously been In, as to rower, with Tee-n-ler
to the other powers of Europe. Had not alwnse bee-. :le
policy of England to connect herself with Sellte greitt Pi rt7.7,'
power on whom she could depend, and who heel en Met:tits in
cereals in dome degree with her, by which the ineependcncr rente
matte was preserved, and the of whirs
which course she preserved the bis, of newer in Eur-e
need not remind their Lordships, berates he could appe:sc In e., •:,
fur she last three (effete years, to prove . hat ell the mit.: 0, p:: ee s
F were Munifedemicg foe a principle that this cmmtry never 1011, tee I.
be thanked God, never could concur in. England collie meow r
longer look to Russia to check the neittie int. of Austrhs--slin
no longer. apply to Austria to assist her in potting &ore elte , :nor. -
dieing epirit of Russia; these powers were icdesrolubly neiten. rr
they thought the principle that they e.. 4 e•te/ red was rf eara- •
importance, and must be maintaieed ; anti for that purl -o 7+,1( tee
bayonets were kept np in time of refilled peter, tb.vebp roe, •t_
rally controlling the minotipowers, and which rendered it intro,: -I
for this country to interfere. They verve not to look to *pee ot, i..• •
or hypotheses, but see the practnet conseleenets of this
policy on the pan of the continental inoters' for many parts of i;
rope 'tete overrun by them. Italy luni beenen overrun be Aunt
Spain by France; and in all the conntv:es where these pow
comma their Governments were habit. not only to be mottiti- el b. t
overturned. If there were no ether ct,r.m,.lttuve to he gained he
the course he had so strongly receerrrnen.led, this far: cod n
ing the continental powers, was riffitient se induce then Lett tlii;e.
to concur in the nicaeure. He thought it was ;.achy heel •:ry r
him to abew the increase of the potter of these net./ II -
ever, in 1822 there was an increase of exp....; ~, too
840,(10111. The aceount for 1823 me net matte op, and he (I'd ri,
like to argue before their leordships on uncre Su da.s; I it. 1.,
every reason to believe that there would be rill; a ;•Notter
that year than the preceding one. How nivel, more they ...i.21-;
creme when they became more settled ire would not ,
Lordships by considering; but in pas. ing N. amthl •re. •
within a year after the South Allot:teat: • lt,t II ll,' d „.1*

allegiance to the mother country, iarge ,:cp..rts of en r-
place from the dense population of 11),: pi ;m4fand
tercd population of South Aineirea. i..d.ocotiettier of N,
Amen:„ which had kern so much theadeil :.fry yews
become a source of wealth to this country. The exports C
revolution, by papers which he held th,b in his i,a d, week, tw.,
thirds less them at preen. From the year 1744 to I'a3 1$
exports, aided by ail the prohthe'iocs anti resoictior, :hat :4
monopolizing policy could insert in statute ;look. a .onntetl.
on an average to 2,441,01 W. ithi3 the L.st tour yrat.
they were 6,1166,0001. The vipers were three tii..es as .I.tach
North America in a state of ird,pcmdence. as they w^re h.
fore; and e there was between this country and tho.e
h-
ang Sista acommunity of law, a c ontalmiti, of langueg .
community of interest. he trurttd that the two rll,l,rs Ort.c d b
knit together in eternal friends* p. pnpula.ls !ht. it. •
States, 'since their independence, heel i crcastd tenni *eta, ,
and three millions to nine tnillien • 31elieo.whieli urn. now 1.Wc11•..
one millions, it was fair to infer would increr..,: to ta/ 1.1 .!:.
same spec* of time. There were some thi:ip that snide tne sou,-
don of South and North America differ( 'r; and a tuition rat •t 1...
were as favourable to the former as the other part wort to ti.- lat•L
Amongst the rirCIIIIISMOCCII in favour n 7 Sarah Arnow.* .
moat important, viz.—there were few.e7 'Aires there than t'..
Northern Continent. Having thus poi,. tcd not the v.trinns eireo-

stances connected with this important eor•il...a•,on, he •••.:..1'
if any sound reason for hesitation in r•et...--ii:!ng thrs St•t, • cc
exist? He might be told 01;4 if the Hotise ra• wi•titii •PR

language of 00;ernment, and acquiseNl in he lime of pa,-
adopteo, why not let the question be still k? t 01,141, :rid nt ..•
!retie longer To this he would answer, t hat it a lemur t •
pedieney Gained foram aekr.nwieelgnient ,`T $.1.. h .1.,
give the full benefit of that acknowledeurnr to tileiit v • •
needed it. and when it weuld he of the ..z-rt-mtrst cerg-iviL 11
If their Lordships were sttictied on the gu.sr.ds „,
pediency, they must, he he Ni grim dof the ..•

peter, y of the Mother ('minty), to regain her • a
as well attempt to drive hark the ntigh.y stia.3.l,‘ t!•.tt •r . •
ir.g w the sea in those regions, as make an rt to,.:t-!;n • r.r.

.. . _ . ..
her sway. Ile was aware that the final pecontrit.'lttic,i• .it ,I
great object aas not without I o:rter-nilent itiriger. It ti-, •1.,,
tries to which he had alluded, .I.(ntlil u.: u&v.i- it ...i.

even Rhould they not attack then) openly.. he tti.l rot
that we in.ipentlenot might nut be rarr.t.F.A. and :to. cot,.
. .

tion of thLi; riNheb retaided.

tle ¶v:.s cent i le. t !!.At

he propostit was the taireat and irt.t c, t • )u-reie, even ••
uclo,,s of the l nr.tinent ; b.•caus: i!,^y e ei roc. t• „
fercnt course it was open to :hem to 4'.0 ; J Jot cl.e) -,,;,
that COUNC, should their bords!i;ta agr.'e tou. , .

country had promulgated v;ews Et.r.ote. The \•..t
guts coociudeci by ntovii,g, •• 'that t!liN U r.t.c do pet-e• .r i..
Lie at:drew, to Ilia Majet.ty, thar kirg him t'or e.+
ou,ly pleased to order the rei,ers refer:re to t•-rrittit .\n r t 1,.. t..
Lid on cite tattle. and exprcroint: a hate that tit, ,Itrri
able, v i.hoat delay, to r....rogrt,e the tr.dr pr•niteree o; :'•
tries that itre 3he toy tree, arid :o e‘tabliri:t w,th them .rt. tit
tanity aarl diplomatic intaeourse."

The Far) of LIVER M 11. cheerer() t'u.t the Not:,
had laid down gcnerrl :n :he trul, wl.ti !I i.e a ..e. •
to aetpirse,!,; nut when he care to Areir 'Pt ipll:.t• •
hail not a distinct notion :heat, or he n.i,tridied tl
wothed in the tirq illfltAtiet` to dear away the ground bet,e...en .• •
Noble .Itastmia and hoim.lf ; but he a field not follow
to eriort• and import. of :vanish .lmerica, hocatio.. tie
ready to Vont that there WAN in a commercial pi....t /I • ••.
nothing more important or more coon, cell with .he lho r
of tire:it Britain than acute trade wnh f,•••her ta •
Northern or Southern Stan.. The NO1)1., Alarm, .et •ei ni
anti-it-it:n:ly to ronaiderthe difference between diet:min., ;tot. Ado; t
in trading to America and ti.at fori.ierly puri.inal. ii.t• cow
rzct t it mita to by a circititim. rout a grit prr oh
note W.ie never entered in the l'ustom.tiou-e book. r
