TRADE OF CHILI.

The direction and development which the Chilien
rommerce will assome, should free institutions meet with
lull success in the country, and its population increase in
proportion to their natund effect, can be but in a slight de-
cree estimated from it; condition under the Spanish Go-
vernment. Ity a refinement on the villainous policy of
their colonial sye.::2m, rill direct communication between
Offhand the mother country itself was prohibited, till the
year 1718. The vice-revalty of Peru was made an inter-
mediate mother country between the Chilians and the Spa-
niards; and nothing cattlil be imported or exported be-
tween them, but by the way of Callao. It will hardly be
believed, even of Spanish navigators, that the voyage Rum
Callao toConeepcion was, for a century, comities...it as a
year's work ; till a pilot, who had obstriall the 6,e:cession
tithe winds, performed it in a month. The Inquisition,
that venerable institution of the Spanish monarchy, as th;
official Russian Gazette rroni.unced it last sunniser, caused
this bold wight to be arrested, and it was only by exhibit-
ing his log-book that he caul(' convince them be had made
the voyage by no worse art than that of navigation. In
177+4 >Fll the ports of Spain were opened to a direct trade
u ith Chili, and an e etinty before unknown was introduced
into commerce. At the period of this improvement, the
Citilians exported to Peru, hides, dried fruit, copper, salt
'limit. horses, hemp, and wheat ; and received in exchange
tobacco, sugar, c woe. earthenware, some roanufletures of
Quito, and articles o European luxury. To Paraguay and
But nos Ayres, 081 exported, landscise wines (a very
valuable article of Chilian produce), brandy, oil, and gold ;
and received in return, mules, wax, cotton, the herb of
Paraguay (matte). and TIMMY, of whom a few only are
held in slavery in Chili. A considerable part of the Euro-
pean trade with Chili also came overland from the River la
Plata, till the merchants of Lima bribed the Spanish Ge-
verntnent, and pictured an order:that it should take the
route of the Isthmus of Darien and Peru.
