:%lAIIGATE

The Margate Hariroar Joint Stock Company Bill was read a
third time And passed.
BA ItTIIOLOMEW-LASE ARCADE.

Mr. DICKENSON pre‘ented a petition from certain individuals
against the Bill for erecting an arcade from Bartholomew-lane to
London-Sall.—Referred to the Committee on the said Bill.
ABOLITION (1F SLAVERY.

Mr. 31. A. TAYLOR said that in consequence of the absence of
ore or the Members for Durham, he held in his hands a petition
from Sunderland and Bishop's Wearmouth, signed by several
hundred persons, praying the House to give every facility to the
amendment of the present system of slavery which prevailed in the
West India colonies. The petitioners regretted the conduct pin-
sued by the Colonists in opposing every measure of Government
for the amelioration of the slave population of those island's. He
was sorry the absence of the Hon. Member for Durham (which was
occasioned by unavoidable circumstances) prevented him from
stating in person to the House the object and nature of the petition
to which he had drawn their attention, and which he hoped would
receive the consideration of the House.

Similar petitions were presented by Mr. Tierney. from Roams.
borough; by Mr. Lyndtay, from Cupar ; by Mr. Bell, from
NVooller ; by Mr. Asburst, from a town in Oxtbrdshire; by Lord
Milton, from Peterborough; by lllr.Robert Gordon, from 31almes-
bury, in Wiltshire ; by Mr. Dowdeswell, from Tewkesbury.
Mr. DUMP: presented a petition from the ministers and elders
of the l'nited Secession Church of Hiricaltiy, praying fors she sboli.
tion of the present system of slavery.
CrItRf:NCY OF SCOTLAND. _

Mr. W. presented) a petition from the dimity if
Dalkeith, preying that no alteration may take place in the currency
of Scotland.
Similar petitions were presented by Captain Gordon. front t 1
county of Elgin ; by Sir A. Campbell. front the County or Dant.
barton ; by Sir R. Ferguson. from Clydesdale.
The LORD ADVOCATE of SCOTLAND presented a peti-
tion from the burgh of Anstrutber, against any alteration is the
currency of Seotland ; and a similar petit!on from the Sudety of
Yartleitore (estabtished by Royd charter) el theirmwe place.
Captain WADE presented s petition from the county. of Fife,
against any alteration in the banking system of Scodand.—Re-
ferred to the Select Committee upon Scotch and Irish bank notes.
