naturally flowed from that source. The Greeks lave aerb't
taiuly been pacalyscsl wlh intestiue.dissentions, but it Is at'
the mine time true that they haveevery year advanced upon
the Turks; and rescued a larger portion of their country. The 1
year before last the Turkish army penetrated into the Mores,
as far as Argos. The following campaign they did not attempt'
to pan the isthmus of Corinth, and there is every reason I
to believe that they have this year been repulsed from
passing the straits of Thermo!): he. Indeed, the Gallant I
Colonel seems to consider the Ottoman empire as rapidly
approaching its close: he says—
" Turkey is evidently on the eve of its fall. The reigning family
is nearly endive ; its provinces arc disunited ; Egypt and Tripoli
are gown too wise for its government. A portion of Greece is
severed from it fur ever, and the Hellenists, who bow to the power
of Turkey, hate it in their hearts, and pant far revengeand freedom'
Even Albania detests and threatens to throw off its hateful yoke.
The Ottoman armies arc insubordinate; and the fleets, having lost
their Greek &alien, are become impotent."

The Greek,Government los varied greatly in its character
according to eircumstanc:A andthe habits of those who have
presided over it. It has chi.•fly bean and still continues
decidedly democratic. But the Gallant Colonel states—
" the principles of civil liberty arc beginning to be duly
appreciated." Justice, it appears, is badly administered,
and the want of educated men felt "in every department of
the state." Agriculture is languishing, so much of the txrun try
having been yearly overrun during the war; and commerce is
stagnant: yet the Gallant Colonel despairs not of the success
of the Greeks. " The struggle, •he says, "however protract-
ed, must succeed, and must lead to an improvement in the
condition not only of Greece, but of Asia." We cordially
concur in this opinion, and as the purest of causes has too
often been stained by the crimes and follies of its supporters,
we must not suffer our indignation, at the conduct of some of
the Greeks, to induce us to forget, that they are struggling
to save themselves not only from the most revolting and
horrible slavery, but from indiscriminate slaughter. Every
good man gives them his good wishes, and we say de-
voutly, Amen.

The appointment of Mr. FAIMELI., a most respectable
Irish Catholic, to"the office of Assistant Barrister in the
county of Clare, will give pleasure to all who look forward
to the re!gn of comfort and confidence in Ireland. It re-
quired all the Loan LIEUTENANT's firmness to encounter
the active hostility and restless opposition which arrayed
itself against his liberality from the outset. But that de-
termined confidence in the rectitude of his intentions, and
that stedfast reliance on the result, which kept him inflex-
ible in the line of policy he had marked out for himself,
has not only justified that policy, but has made converts to
its wisdom among many even of its once most avowed ene-
mies. Candid minds always, sooner or later, free them-
selves from the shackles of prejudice; but bigotry, selfish-
, rues, intolerance—these are vices which cling too closely to
the nature they infect to be speedily got rid of. They
rarely yield to reason, and the higher feelings of the mind
arc not pres•snt to triumph over them. But as the great
body of the people become enlightened, the maxims of
moral truth make their way into all minds, and the maxims
of poliliraf,jerilee, which, by degrees, grow out of them,
acquire an impressive and abiding influence. It is under
this influence that his Excellency's government is
making its way in Ireland. The above appointment is
a measure not more important in itself than as it is
connected with that spirit •of fair and liberal conces-
sion which, under his administration, had been made to
supersede that opposite system, which for centuries has been
tried and found wanting. And it ever will be so; it is not
in human nature that it should be otherwise. Ask those
who have hitherto reigned supreme in the councils of Ire-
land,
what has reduced it to that condition which, in many
of its finest districts, has made Insurrection Acts and
nightly visits necessary ? and they will reply to you,
promptly, the turbulence of the peasantry, and the spirit
of Catholic disaffection. But we would ask, in reply,
have you been as careful to preserve the public peace of
Ireland, as to preserve your own places and your own
power? You exasperate the peasantry by your injustice,
and then punish their resentment as rebellion ! Reflec-
tive men hare long ago seen, and have long ago said, that
if you Iseult! save Ireland to this country, this system
must be exploded in principle and abandoned in practice.
It is upon this conviction that Lord iVellesley has had the
manliness to act; and the improving condition of Ireland
bears 'daily' testimony to the soundness of this course of
policy, and to its foresight. The nomination of Mr. FAR-
REII. to an office he is so well qualified to fill, we consider
chiefly valuable as a practical reenguition of those great
leading truths which ought never to be absent from the
mind of those who arc called to rule, whether it be in
Ireland or elsewhere, namely, that government is Intended
for the good of the whole, not for the security and emolu-
ment of a few ; and that diversity of religious opinions is
no just ground of difference in civil privileges.

The directions given by the Grand Orange Lodge of
Ireland to discontinue the insulting and exasperating cele-
bratien of the.i2th of July, have been disregarded in se-
veral parts of that unfortunate and distracted country.
Considering the determination lately manifested, in so many
shapes, by the Irish Govemmest, to discountenance the
Orange Association, and especially to put an end to its ilk-
gal and mischievous pretensions, we can hardly suspect
the sincerity of the Grand Lodge in issuing the orders'
which have been trampled upon thus contemptuously.
There can be no doubt that the Orange leaders expected
obedience. All their hopes and interests must have in-
clined them to wish fur it, because, after they had resolved
to require it, the mutinous insubordination of their fcl-
lowers would evidently contitute the best argument for
the suppression of their belly. It was, besides, an object
with them to shew by deeds—and the las thoseelteds were
known to be in accordance with their private judgments the
stronger the demonstration—that their professed loyalty was
not wholly a pretence. The termination of their proces-
sions would have keen cited as an irres!stable proof, not
only of their readiness to submit to the injunctions of their
own functionaries, hut of their willingness to acquiesce in
the wish, aof authority. The Orangemen, however, have
now deprived their apologists of every shadow of excuse
for any longer tolerating the existence of this most perni-
cious association. It must be utterly prohibited Ly law,
I and the use of its symbols, and all conference and commo-

nication between its members for the purixises of the
Orange system, or of any oth...r association for exclusive
objt eta, religious cr political, not authorised by the,
laws, must be subjected to the heaviest penalties. Ile!
name too, as a party badge, trust be proscribed. With-
out an enactment to this effect, we apprehend the tran-
quillity of Ireland can never be insured. It is not
in human nature that the immense majority of a people'
should tamely endure the anniversary celebration of the I
most provoking outrages on their ftell:ll.7s. Irritation is!
perpetuated, and not tinfrequently great crimes committed. i
Mr. Brovinlovv, the Orange Member for Armagh, admitted
that while these festivals of party triumph were continued,!
" no man's property would be worth a year's purchase—no
cnat:'s life could be valued at a pin's fe.e." In the accounts
