PURL A' 0 LOG Y.

Laid evening Pr. Fteurzheiat coninwineed his mime of Lectures
no Phrenology, r t the Crown cod Ancivir rivern. Ile began by
explaining the lire( k etyma
,;:y of the ae.; l'hrent 'DRY. which
signified the doctrine of d : hut whatever the title of his

et•icnce might peeto to it ply, the Pi rerfologiNt did not undertake
to explain the wore ef the we:oal Vacuity. There wait ntehing in

, - -
the utiiverseiit which we littcw the intimate rormitutio3 ; we were

ignorant of the eleinent4ry nature of imtlies which were present to

our senses ; Ow) how count it he expected (het we should be ac-
quainted with the mut ine ms.t. Itiit in the absence oral! po•
mitre kitowledge with re +lice: to ita iodine. we col.dobrierve the

nperatiocs of n,T.0.(1, and trace drir connexion with cerebral organi-

vitinn. All mnn•festutinn„ of mind were made br the intervention

of thr brain ; without the brain there was nn iniiiration of iner.tal

power ; w ;h-a it intist he considered as the orgao of the intellect.
This point was easily and universally admitted ; but lithe brain
were defined the eroti of intellect, that di oition would cuntoact
within too narrow limits the extent of its functions snd the range of
its proper action t in truth, mind was not confided to intellect ; it
had other and alinnthint snorers of activity ; sentiments, feelings,
and passions—wlnaever, in short, could actuate a sentient being,
were considered by the Phrenologist an the result of cerebral or.
ganizstion : the word 31inti bring taken with this latitude of inter-
pretation. Phrenology 011411 t be defined " the docirioe Of the ma-
nifeatatiors of mind, of the cantlitons under which they are de-
veloped, and of the measures of their energy." SiAS not this, he
asked, an tntereating study ? If it Wai gratifying to observe how
the vital huictions were carried on, or to anatomise the organs of
sense. how much more interesting ought to be the examination of
thebraimilteorganizs•ion of which was so delicate. Theie were mane

ardente invented to exit! tin the %ciente of mind, but tin satisfaction
could attend on moral M mentriteeleal rise 'retie., amidst so ninny
and Ste con:limit:7 opinions. l'heenoloey, heivever, ermine' fair
to bilk) up the science of Mind on the solid beets of experience.
Phrenology deserved also the particular attention of the medical
profession. It was incessery that a medial man should be well
acquainted with the oilcans and functi, is of ,the !lumen system,
before he could pretend to understand its derangements ; hence he
mild not understand the nature of insanity without a competent
knowledge of Phrenology. Thus it appeered that this science
was one of pmetieal utility, anti likely to beeneneehe tbundation of
a branch of medicine. But Phrenology was likeleeto be of use not
only in teaching us how to remedy the detangemee tact* the ntind,
but alete he shoeing us how to rear and strengthen its natural
powers. It wits a general compleiet that educate)), wits very inet-
relive. Wont teie it VMS to he concluded either ilea the human
mind could not be improved by ineruction. or else that the proper
syStem tuttl net been avec!. This last was the truth, and a
more appropriate mode of instruction. founded no a knowledge of
the organs, witeld he the neelt of Phreuelegy. Ile then pro-
ceeded to stale the elm pi iticeee of the science. A deft ctive brain
indatated a deli rise mine ; tide hr eeemplified by two casts of the
heath of idiots, both of which were remarkably deficient in the
forehead. '!'hire was no exafnplee he bald. of a defective been
connected with any tenniteetntion or talent. As the brain decreased
the nemileetatiee of mine became propertimably feeble. It was said
by sonic that calcine. wen- the resens of enternal circumstances, but
thee he denied ; external ciretitestences might develops. exercise,
and strengthen telctoe, but they credit not give birth to them. is
the brain diminished, !he mitel f. dial away. although the other
functiors reittained (new perfect. In op; neition to the heads of the
idiot., he instanced, in the hit:' of o•:1 Ilecon, the great develope-
ment of brain, as shown by the size of tee forehead. Ile believed,
however, that that feature in the bust of cur great philosopher WV.
exaggerated ; it wee tort natural. but w might safely conclude that
the head ef lent:Naa: was rentatkehly large. and hie forehead
re-achieve The eame pecuiittri•y eharecterietd all who had ever
detingelehei themeelyee. either as conquerors or philoenehers ;
who had ever exernel a p %newton influrece on human affairs. or
had enlarged the bouneariee of human knowledge. Those first
principles of Pereenlogy were known to the ancients, nod ob-
served by them ti, their stamery. Their genlptors never gave
similarly formed heads to 14%0i:tiles and to philosophers. Among
their divinities, they °beet-yeti the same discrimination. and gave to
Jupiter the greatest developement of forehead. Those opinions
were also favoured by ordinary language. It was usual in common
conversation to make a reference to cerebral organization—in such
Expressions as a narrow mind, a low mind, and an elevated mind. The
preference given by the ancients, and by poets, to high and ample
foreheads, had in those phrases been sanctioned by the restyle. It
was, however, to be understood, that the form of the head and
brain varied in the same individual front infancy to age. It also
differed in the two seats ; so that all the principles laid down were
subject to modifications, arising from age, sex. or nation. He.
next proceeded to distinguish between the result of cerebral orgerti-
radon and temperament ; the latter was for a long time believed to
be a main source of character ; thus it wed to be said that a
man of lymphatic or bilious temperament might have solid
Judgment, but no memory: or that one of the sanguiecous
temperament was live:ye and had a good memory, but no judgment.
But the Phrenologists rejected these opinions. At the same time that
they acknowledged the Mflitetice of temperament; they denied
that temperament f'01:::1 be the sourer of any of the mental
power,. while they admitted that it might modify the health and
activity of those towers, just as any modification of one of the vital
function* will ai'ect the health and vigour of the whole conediu-
tMn. If he were asked iiheiher the me of the brain could he
'esteemed as a lIMISTATC of Went, be would ertswe so; the totality
was to be regarded as well its the quantity ; just as the muscular
strength of a man could not he accurately. estimated from hiseize,
without taking into account his nervous irritability, so the come.
tutinn of the brain wits as mach to be considered as its magnitude.
Physlologiets were ready to admit that the brain was essentially
necessary to intellectual operations, but they denied that it was tie-
ceseary to feeling or sentiment. If any one, however, would en-
deavour to satisfy hinteeif on this point by observation, lie would
sooner be conduced of the latter preposition than of the former,
for he would find that a larger portion Of the bride was destined
to sentiment and feeling Than to the purely ineellectual operations.
Superficial observers were fed to suppose that certain viscera, as the
heirt, the spleen. or the liver, were the 'teats of certain feelings.
from the pain elect) some ern-tines minted in those plies; but
these might he 'tener explained by the derangements of circulation
or nervome affectioes neiniereirg in the brain. It is a rule of pity-
etiology that all enennima. functions hence mutual influence; as, for
instance, anger and other emotions wilt cause a change of colour in
the skin ; an net-Mewled stomach will cause a head-twee, and re-
ciprocally mental labuar or anxiety will impede the digestive pro-
cess; sonic aflbciiene id the mind will, produce disarrai:gements of
the senses. such as smells or even blindness. This general ey-apathy
would sufficiently explain tee effects of certain emotion.' on the
viscera, without suepteing that dune viscera were the seats of the
feelings. A confirmation of this principle may be found in idiots,
who have seldom any feelings, though all their physical functions
are perfect, and their viscera unimpaired. But returning to the
original propoeition, he paid we could not matinee talents by the
flee of the brain either in animals of difeerent species, or in difft refit
individuals of the same specie,' : the dog had less brain, in mass.
than the ox. and men less titan the elephant, but in these instances
the smaller brains of the dog anti oh man have greater clergy. Any
small Insects have fretmently great muscular force : the meek had a
entailer optic nerve titan man, yet saw much better, and the game
might be raid of the turkey. So that tee size of organs was not
the only thing to be censidered, and what was bete said of animals
of different species might be equally applied to individuals. It
had been objected to Plirenrlogists that the brain might receive in-
juries, and yet the maeifestations of mind continue. The answer
to this was, that the celebrsl organs were all double, a fact which
was known to Hippocrates, so that if one side were taken away the
other might still continue to auppert the same mental action. In
like manner it had been said that in cases of hydrocephalus the
brain had been wholly absorbed in water, and yet the indications of
mind remained, but Ire denied the destruction of the brain so long
as there remained a vestige of mind. In the cage of James Cur.
dinal, a putieet of its. Bartholomew's.. whose head he had seen
opened on his !'rat visit to this country, the cranium was ?molten to
an immense size, bet the brain, instead of being absotbNl, suck
to the bottom. Experience had convinced him dint altera.
tiers in the convolutions of the brain might take place with.:
out any destruction of their substance. The proportion
which the heed bore to the body was by some considered
of great importance; it certainly deserved the attention of
the artist, but yielded no certain indication to the Phre-
nologist. There was no constant proportion found in the *pecks
the beads of reiddle.eized men were usually larger In proportion to
their bodies than those of larger men. He then adverted to the
head of the Venus di Maids, which was too email. The face
wits extremely beautiful, but could hardly be called expressive,
while so totally deprived of brain. Talent, therefore, it was eve.
dent, could Lot be measured by the proportion of the brain and
body. The brain of the elephant bore a small proportion to his
size, yet this animal was thought remarkably sagacious ; on the
other hand, many small birds, which evinced no peculiar ac-
tivity of mind. had comparatively large brains. The Doc-
tor then teroteeded to describe the facial angle of Kemper.
If a line be drawn from the middle of the orifice of the ex-
ternal ear to the tipper lip, and another from that last point
to the external protuberance of the forehead, the obtuseness of the
angle contained by Move two lines would Lea measure, it was
said, of intellectual eminence, but he denied thnt assertion; the
advocates of lint facial angle overlooked all the modifications which
theteeientific Phrennlogiet weighed carefully. lie made no distinc-
tion between the European idiot and the intellectual negro; for
the facial angle would be acute from the mojection of the jaw as
as well as from the retreat of the forehead. The Doctor then briefly
recapitulated the substance of his lecture, concludibg with the
simple truth that the brain is the organ of the mind.

WICKED DESTRUCTION or PROPERTY.-4n a Pilot or
two ainct, we gave an account of the robbery of the count-
ing-house of Mr. Smith, coal-merchant, near the canal. It is
supposed the plunderers were disappointed in the booty they
expected to obtain on that occasion, for on Tuesday morn-
ing
last, at an earl) hoar, the ',remises were again entered
by some villains, who, on finding nothing of sufficient
value to carry off, except a few halfpence, cruelly, wan-
tonly, and roost wickedly collected the whole of the
books and papers of the establishment on the stone floor of
the lower apartment, set them on fire, and burnt the whole
to ashes. An individual who was taken up on suspicion
has since been discharged for the want of evidence. We
understand, however, there are strong reasons for believing
that the real offenders will not much longer elude the
punishment they, so richly deserve.—Preston Pilot.

THE BRITISH rR ESS.

SOCIETY FOR TRH CURE OP SCROFULA AND
GLANDULAS DISEAsES.

—.---
Yestettlay the sublnriliers Rod friends to the above Institution,
held their Anitivcriery ;boner 1,1 the CI: v nt. Landon Tavern,
Sri Jostrit Vattxx. M.P., in the Chair.
_ _

As soon se the cloth was remred, the Outman ptoptieed the
King, in a funnier, iteprecatuts, however, the noisy eseociation of
of three times three. which some flee or six yeas since was eo pre-
valent an ecconmattiment to any favoutite toast, but which good
taste was now altogether. banishihg, as it by Ito means added to the
conviviality of the evetting, or to the enthusiasm which the toast
itself might he calculated to excite. (Cheers.) The toast was
then drank, as were also thews of the Puke of York, and the
Duke of Clarence, and the rest of the !loyal Family.
The Cum RMAN next propOseds !" Pro-petity to the Asylum at
Illyewater, tbr time care of Scrofula end Gland,'ler Instance." In
drinking prosperity toshe Inetitution it ?should be recoilected that
its prs,reperity depended upon the state of its funds, and it was,
therefore, the duty 'of ;hose who felt convinced of the benefits
likely to result from it, not mils to subscribe themselves, but to in-
duce such elf' their friends to in tribe as coelti he prevailed upon
to investigate tae merit*. When he had litaiself been first made
acquainted with the efEcacious nature of the remedies resorted to
by Mr. Willilaw, ht imniediately subscrihel.„ and agreed to take
the Chair at the annual Metter of the Institution ; but dissatiefied
with time idea of 'supporting any Institution without investigating
into its possible !emits, he had examined thecaeta of cure at the
Asylum, and telt convinced that the course pursued was calculated
to remove that dangeroue and horrible cotaint, than which the
plague itseV was a lesser evil. ((Vert...) Their exertions would
be rewarded by time aoneeiettenten of having 'supported an lostitu.
I lion as valuable, perhaps, as moil of those numerous ones which
were deservedly :he ornament of the country.
Mr. %rust LA W'S WOWS being proposed, thq,e pothers» rose to
return thanks. Lie said, that as a lecturer on battle, he hid re-
sided in America and had a lo
large number of pupils. In the course
of his studies he became eantinced dint the doctrines of Limnos
as to time effect produced-Pr herbs, awl the humsp hone were cor-
rect, and that much depended upon diedoeality of the place where
they were planted. Dr. Callen, in his system of pathology di.
reedy contradicted tbst of !Amino& and the medical men of 'Eu-
rope, following the opinions of Cullen, trusted to d.'lloorlaialki
ignorant Indians to, ale orkiper collection of those plaVe skids
were afterwards to be used as medicines, without at allzegnrding
the change produced upon timose herbs by the effect of light and
air. One instance he would particularise, in which Dunce had
made a gross mieteke. Ile described ipecacuanha as a plant with-
out taste or smell. This }roved that he had not taken the same
prior as Liontaims herd ; tar the fact was, that ipeescuanha. while
growing, has so powerful a smell that no person could smell to it
lot 15 minutes without experiencing the moat serious consequences.
The worthy gentleman next adverted to the opposition he had met
wimh from the medical men be England, which was of the most
illiberal description, and stated the circumstance which he said lied
occurred in 31arylefione workhouse, where some children had been
labouring under scrofula, and had been placed under his care for
the sole purpose, as he alleged, of entrapping him. He effected the
cure, but just as it was (acted the nurse applied to the wounds
corrosive st.blimaie and reel precipitate. The medicines which he
had previously given were powerful absorbentS, and the absorbing
vessels being in preternatural activity, occasioned a large quantity
of these mercurial preparations to be taken into the system. The
consequence was that the children, besides having their flesh cors
• weed even to time hone were pear losiog their hers ulso, and indeed
would have lost t!!elli but lot iris interference. The worthy gentle-
' men next expatiated upon the variety of tiitficulties he had had to
t contend with solely for the benefit of the human race ; for if he
was to study his own emolierrent he could not have done so with
.r greater effect than by co:itinuing to lecture in America. (Cheers).
Mr. elounaEe said that being a Vice-President of the Institu-
tion. and having also acted in the vestry of the pariah of laryle-
hone. he should- take especial care that justice should be dare to
Mr. iViiiilaw, and that an inquiry should be made into the cir.
einnstanees of the case to which he alluded as having happened at
the workhouse.
Mr. WIIITI. AV said that inquiry had already been refused.
Mr. J01)11 Al: L said that he should investigate time transaction of
the case, and in order to do so he hoped that Mr. Mildew would
Ball upon hint at his house. Portland-place, and snake him more
particularly acquainted with the circumstances of the case, in order
that he might be enabled to do so with effect.
Mr. Win T LAW amid that he should feel happy to do so.
The SEcnurna V announced a list of isplascaptions, at the head
of which was that of Sir Joseph Yorke. br .
Several other toasts were proposed, and the conviviality of the
evening was kept up to a late hour.

STATE OF TRADE.

[ From the Manchester Mercury.]

BANK PAHA: ue.—We regret to state that the bank of
Messrs. Johnsln and Son, of Congleton, stopped payment
yesterday. It is stated by the firm, that when their affairs
are arranged, they hope to meet every demand upon them.
—Afaccleffirld Courier.
COMM EIZCIA L EMDAIIIAIIIII EN T.—During the week
four-ever* silk bows* losets,failed in this town, none oC
_ .

whom, however, were doing business to any considerable
extent. A number of Irish have been passed to their
homes in consequence.—ltid.
The banking-house of Clark and Phillips, of Leicester,
resumed payment on the ed inst.
Messrs. ilromage and Snead, of the Monmouth and
Brecon banks, resumed their payments a few days ago.
Cong.—The bank of Mtssrs. Leslie stopped payment
on Wednesday last. The house have issued a circular, in
which they say that they rely with confidence upon their
means of di.charging all their engagements in full. There
have been runs on the banks in Cock: Pike's bank in that
city has temporarily suspended payment, in, consequence
of the sudden death of Mr. Pike. _ _

We are sorry to announce the suspension of payments
of the firm of Messrs. Sparrow and Co. bankers, at Chelms-
ford and Braintree, in Essex. These houses have not for
some time been connected with those banks iu Suffolk with
which they were formerly engaged.
Itocnoet.E.—The present situation of the woollen wea-
vers. &a., in Rochdale and its neighbourhood, is extremely
trying; the distress, oning to the number of hands out of
work, exceeding anything which has ever been remem-
bered. Hundreds of poor people ate said to be literally
starving. A public meeting, however, has been held, at
which the late II igh Sheriff, John Entwistle, Esq., of Fox-
holes, presided, and a subscription was entered into, by
means of which supplies of oatmeal and potatoes have
been purchased, which are distributed to the poor three
days a-week. The utmost exertions of the benevolent
wi,ll, however, be necessary, in order to make the fund at
all adequate to the demands upon it.
Asti TONI:NDER•LYNE.-..-We understand that at Ash-
ton-under-Lyne a number of the journeymen spinners
have turned out, on account of an attempt by their masters
to reduce their wages, and that many mills are quite
standing. The men were willing, it is said, to work as
short a time as the masters might think necessary, but
they objected to a reduction in the rate at which:they are
paid. On general principles we should be rather inclined
to agree with them. It is not desirable that wages should
be depressed in this as they are in some other trades, to the
lowest point at which existence can be sustained ; but if it
be true that the masters only seek to reduce the rate of
payment to the point which prevails in others parts of
the district, we do not well see the ground of the op-
position.

We understand that the sum required for Liverpool,
from the amount to be advanced by the Bank of England,
will be 300.0001. The deputation from Manchester have
named 500,0001., and that from Glasgow 300,0001. The
gentlemen from some other places not being prepared with
any estimate, declined axing a precise amount.—Liverpool
Adret tiser.•
We have great reason to believe that the Norwich manu-
factory is likely to revive in a very short time. A consi-
derable quantity of goods have this week been scot to
London, and some buyers have arrived here within the last
few days.—Bary Gazcite.
AN OBEDIENT SOLDIER.—A General Officer command-
ing at Plymouth some few years since, once gave strict or-
ders to the sentry at the citadel, that no one except the
General's cow should pass over the grass. While this or-
der was in force, Lady D. called to visit the General's
lady, and on entering the citadel was as usual about to
take the short cut across the grass, when to her great sur-
prise she was ordered off by the sentry, who said, " You
can't pass there." " Not pass here," said her ladyship,
" perhaps you don't know who I am." " I neither know
nor care who you are," said the soldier, " but I know you
are not the General's cow, and no one else can pass there."
An alarming accident happened on 'Tuesday last, to Mr.,
Standish, formerly of this city, plumber and glazier, who
is now in business at Leeds, and who was employed on the
roof of the Baptist chapel, erecting in South Parade, at
that town. In consequence of missing a blow lie was
aiming at sonic pert of his work, the stone of the cornice
upon which his foot was resting coped over, and precipi-
tated him to the ground amongst a heap of bricks, &c.
descent of twelve yards. One of his ribs was broken by
the fall, and 'lie was otherwise severely bruised, but we
are happy to say, that he now is m..eli better, and there is
every prospect of his speedy recovery.—York Courant.

PETITIO.V OF VIE COLONIAI. AGENTS TO THE

HOUSE OF LORDS.

TO THE RIGHT HON. TUt: LORDS SPIRITUAL, AND TEMPO-
RAL, IN PARLIAMENT ASSEMBLED.
The Petition of the undersigned Agents of stems' of the British
Italia Colonies,
Humbly sheweth.
That your petitioners hare been appointed by Acts of the seve.
sal Vt India Colonies to which the r aignaturea are annexed,
their Agents fu Great Britain and Ireland, in which character it
is especially their- duty to solicit from the Legislature of Great
Britain the same meted regard to the rights, privileges, and pro.
perty of their constituents in the Colonies. as is shown to the
rights, privilege* and property of those who are immediately re-
presented in the British Parliament.
That when grants were originally made to the ancestors of the
constituents of year petitioners of lands in the Colonies, an ex-
press condition taus appended that these lands should be culti-
vated,and the meansof cultivation were promoted by the importation
of negroes from Atilt'. obtained by a traffic which had long pre-
viously been established, sauctionod and encouraged by British
Laws.
That the Government of the Mother Country even repelled anti
reproved occasional efforts made by the Colonial Legislatures to
liutit and control this Importation. Relying, therefore, upon the'
faith of laws, which thus formally recognised the existence of
slaves as property in the West India Colonies. the ancestors of
the constituents of your petitioners with unhesitating confidence
embarked their capitals, aril exerted their industry, in the cultiva-
tion of those Colonies by the labour of negro ,laces. Acts of
Parliament were paned, entuuraging loans to them from British
subject, and foreigners, from which have arisen morizages tm
their property, belonging to persons in this country. Thus feat-
ured and protected by Great Britain, the cultivation of the
West India Colonies made rapid progress. Large capitals were
embarked and accumulated in this branch of commerce. Crinsia
&table wealth was in return remitted home. and applied in rations
other sources and channel'', of notional industry ; while kmat-
MCSOCIS body of able seamemmarsd and exercised in this hef owe
domestic trade, gasi to &Mehl, s l is naval
strength. '
British That when, at a subsequent period, thepa a
after snitch hesitation, was pleased altogether to abolish her tuid;
with Africa in slaves. and to render its CODDIDHIMPee AritsiaAl, Stidt
West India Colonies were obedient to a change in legielazion,
future effects of which upon their means of cultivation, and of coma
petition with their rivals in the markets of Europe, it was not easy
to estimate, nor to foresee the extent and duration of the wee of
foreign nations in the slave trade.
Alihough no proof was of of the necessity of such precast.
tioniteorn the existence of any illegal milk in slave., yet at the
auggeation of the :Mother Country, ilegiatry Bills were mused by
the Legislatures, involving the inhabitants in a considerable es-
peyote, but which have been carried into practical exectuion, and
have furnished additional evidence of the sincerity of time Colonists,
so at to silence all charges against them as to these laws being
evaded.
At that period, however, the views of the British Legislature,
and the object of those w ho were most forward in urging the flea-
sure, were avowedly limited to ,lie abolition of the slave trade. No
intimation was given of any projected litterfereace with property
acquired and established under the sotema sanction of law. The
British Parliament would. as your petitioners are persuaded, have
revolted at the bete suggestion of wresting inns the hands or Bri-
tish subjects, without ample conmenaation, valuable possessions
which they had purchased and paid for under her special authority.
Nay, assurances were assiduously held out that a compulsory
emancipation of the slave, which forms the basis of Colonial pro-
perty, was not even distantly contemplated.
It was always understood that the Resolutions passed by time
Commons' House of Parliament, in May M. and to which the
concurrence of your Lordships is now asked, contained a distinct
pledge to give effect to measures of melioration ; but it was soon
after maintained that they also contained a pledge on the part of
that llouse of emancipation, unaccompanied by any definite pledge
of compensation fix injury which property might sustain in the
course of the experiment ; this has naturally produced great alarm
in the Colonies. to which may be attributed time disinclination
shown by several of the Legislatures formally to adopt the recom-
mendations made to them by his 31ejeaty'a Government.
Far beyond regulations of melioration in its effects upon the Co-
lonial interests is the object at present produced by those who are
ass'eluously employed in agitating the public aphid in this country.
The abolition of the slave male having been accomplished, it is
now no longer melioration of the condition of the slaves, but the
extinction of slavery itself, a hich he the avowed aim, coupled, it is
true, in many instances, with an udinission gf the right of' the
planters to be conipenaated by the Legislature Me any imi:nry which
may arise from this measure to their property. Your petitioners
apprehend that it is intended to follow am the Resolutions tierore
mentioned by measures for enforcing the Compulsory manumission
of the slaves, thus immediately invading the rights; of property,
affording serious anxiety for time independence of the Colonial Le.
gislatures and the safety of their fel:ow-subjects in theme Colonies,
over whose interests it is their ditty to watch.
Your petitioneri are fully convinced that notwithatanaing It may
happen hereafter, as it has happened before, that a difference in
opinion shall prevail here and in the Colonies as to time nature of
the measures to be adopted, anti as to the moment for adopting
r them, there is nevertheless ifihreatifinably marneardlaposittOM
on the part of the Colonists to meliorate the condition of their slave
population, to odd to their' terttporal coMforta, and to pursue such
gradual measures cs shall, by raising their moral enaracter. encou-
rage iodastrious habits, and by quickening their religious feelings,
{ fit them for the enjoyment of more extensive civil rights ; and
your petitioners would humbly appeal on this part of the subject
to the zealous and liberal co-operation which the religious esta-
bliehment. provided by the benevolent protection of his Majesty,
has received id' the Colonies, since unqueatffinably on this basis
may most securely be founded the hopes of further improvement.
Your petitioners conceiving that the degree to which the public
feeling has been excited on the subject of slavers, and the call for
its early extinction, arises mainly from a misconception is to the
actual condition of the slaves in the 11;itish Colonies, humbly pray
that your Lordships will take into your consideration such inform-
ation as your Lordships may command from authentic and impar-
tial maces on this important "object.
And, finally, your petitioners pray that in the exereire of the wise
and cautious deliberation whicli your Lordships always apply to
every cpiestion affecting the rights of property, provision may he
trade that, neither directly nor indirectly, the property which the
Colonist:, hold onder the sanction of law, may be invaded without
full conipentiation.
GEORGE lIIIMERT, Agent for Jamaica.
UFORGF. CARRINGTON, Agent for Barhadoes.
JAMES COI HEHOUN, Agent for St. Vincent, Do-
minica, Nevis, and the Vircin Island*.
ANTHONY BROwNE, Agent for Antigua.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE murzsir PRESS.

sub.i,ii

Stn,—Among the many depredations constantly com-
mitted on the unwary in this great Metropolis, the follow-
ing system of plunder is now carried on, with a degree of
barefaced impudence, which has no parallel in the annals
of fraud. On Saturday night list, between the hours of
ten and eleven o'clock, a fellow, having all the appearance
of a butcher's man, knocked at my door in the Strand,
calling out, at the same time, with a Stentorian voice,
" Butcher ;" and requested a leg of mutton which had just
been delivered might be returned to him, as
,the boy who N
had brought it had left the wrong one. o suspicions
being entertained of any.imposition, the leg of mutton was
given to hint with which be immediately dt.camped. As
this mode of robbery is chiefly practised on Saturday even-
inp, your readers will, no doubt, I'M obliged for this in-
formation, as by it many may he saved the mortification of
being duped, and of having to provide a second joint for
their Sunday's dinner.

I am, Sir, yours, &c.
W. P. C.

March 8, 1828.

Mr. Smirke, the celebrated architect. who has been so
mach concerned in the superb improvements at the west
end of London, and has displayed his taste in the erection
of many elegant mansions for the Nobility, has arrived in
Liverpool, in order to inspect the site designed for a new
custom.bouse, Ikc.-I.iver pool Advertiser.
STORMY WEATHER ON THE CI.YDE,--The weather
has been so extremely boisterous during the month of Fe-
bruary , that no fewer than eighty outward-bound ships are
detained in Lamlash Bay, island of Arran, alone, besides
those in the other havens of the Firth of Clyde. On the
afternoon of the 27th a heavy squall passed over the island
of Pladda from the westward, accoutpanied with thunder,
vivid flashes of lightning, and hail. During the squall the
barometer fell from 29. 78. to 29.90, the thermometer re-
maining stationary.—Culedonion Mercury.
The influence of any awful or affecting spectacle, on the
minds of some people, is sadly illustrated by the fent:wring
fatal occurrences :—A young man who witnessed the exe-
cution of Allan, in this place, was so shocked by it, that
he went home, took instantly to his bed, and died in a few
hours; and a woman, in Cilcnmstott, who went out to see
from her own doer the late fire in Union-street, was so
•frightened that her " heart flitted" (as she said) and she
also died in a like short period.—Aberdeen Journal.
On Thursday morning, about five o'clock, Robert
Brown, a blacksmith at the Croescausewav, was found
dead at Cousland, about four miles beyond Dalkeith. Al-
though a sober man, on the previous evening he had tasted
a little, wandered out, not knowing whither, and laid him-
self down oh the step of an out-house at the above place,
and had fallen a victim to the inclemency of the weather.
It is rather a curious circumstance, that he died within
fifty yards of the place at which he was born, and had not
visited it since childhood. He has left a widow and seven
or e;ght

ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE.

OXFORD ClR,CVlT.—VVoacsmie, MAncs 7.

SEDUCTION.
KNOTT V. CHIRP.

- - -
This was en action against the defendant for the seduetiod Of tbd
plaintiff's daughter.
As atom WI the cue was called on, Mr. lISTO/1 GARROW. leek%
towards the throng of ladies who attended the Coort, ;Rid, "I
not (*sire the ladies to wait in Court to hear STly thing dummy
shock their modesty, unless they like it."
One nr two lathe% then retired. but the remainder were sow.
induced to keep their seats. by Mr. C4MPIELL saying that he woo
not aware of any thing particularly indelicate that would some mu
in the course of the ELM

Mr. ALEXANDER opened the Tleadlibio-•
Mr. CAatriyLL then stated the plaintiff's case—" Gentimaan
of the Jury, you have heard from my friend Mr. Alexander the
nature of this cue. The plaintiff seeks at your hands a outtalk,'
satisfaction—if money can satisfy at all for an injury of thiabind.
think I shall best discharge my duty by a simple narration of
the recta of the ease; and if they do net affect you it is Dot
possible that any language I could uee teould have that efface.
The plaintiff is now about the age of wren'? years ; his wife It
about the mime are: They had, se the coroforts of their old.sge.,
two smut and two daughters; and by thg seduction of one of that
latter, the peaceful evening of toe,! dim has been disturbed
by the defendant. The plaintiff, gentlemen. hae been in tlar
same respectable rank of life in ,whiels I believe many of
are. He was a farmer at Hallow, not very far from this
wed most respectable city, and.has passed dtreash life re*otaidy.
His strength haying failed him se his age increased, he retired fruit
husinees with his family to enjoy the results of his honest induce.
The defendant is also in the mme oink 0 life. Ile is a farmer.
and in opulent circumstances. His father, who *as rich, died
some years ago, and left him a farm of very considerable vans.
besides which he has had several pecuniary legacies from female
relations. Since the death of his rather he has been living witi gig
mother and stew in theueighbourhood of the plaintiff and from
the malignity of their resideneev is acquaintance was vetiracara?
--usesicrestdorted between the two farogien..., A great int
esattolfalt aid the *MOE 's Mns, *hid% bed
.

to the introduction of the former into ltlr, Knott's family. He wee
-there introdneed to the daughter of the pleitteiff, untie.? Geese
formed, or pretended to form, en etteehment fee end during,
two or three years he paid her honourable midterm,. Tboo,
was not, of course, any objection to this, on the pen of
the Plaintiff: because, as far .as he knew, the defendant wee if
irreproachable character, and his circumstances were good nil
slain; when once admitted were frequently repeated, and thus he
had an opportunity of winning those affections Chich he treble:
quently betntyed... Gentlemen, his addresses were not only eneoti.:
raced by Ilia% Knott, but also by his own mother and sitter t and
all parties were pleased with the idea of the approaching nuptials
that were proposed by the defe4dant ; the defendant's mother ra.
' ceived Miss Knott as the holy who was to be her future daughter.
In-law, and Miss Crisp, his sister. associated and familiarized with,
her in all the tenderness and attachment which the prospect of south;
a wart of family connexion was likely to create. Thus you see the
plaintif was led into a confidence that the defendant *fluid short*
Pad his daughter to the attar, and make her his lawful wife.. The
return the defendant made, however, wan to betray that confidence,
to alms. the ingennoun omit reposed in him, to ruin tile character of
on untifitarling girl, and to blwit the peace of an aged couple, sink.
lag into the graze. I must do him the justice, however, to alkali
that at one time he had some of the feeling% of a man. Ho
' did once feel remorse, and compunction for, the miters
and woe which inn had inflic;c3 on a defence!lesa Woman. I
shall show you that he 011.111 C to her at one time after her
ruin, and acknowledged that ';'d% conscience in gnawed hien
I with the reflection of his basencas that he could get no peace
by night or by day. It would have her) well for hint if he had
I sufrered his mind to be guided by those better feelings ere he had
attempted to sap the inundation of virtue in an unpollated
Those feelings, however, were but transitory. He returned to hie
former hardhearted frame of mind—he abandoned the unfOrtunate
girl when her comfert, her credit, and her character were destroyed;
and elle is now thrown back upon her family, where, instead of be.
ing an ornament and a solace. she ammonia contaminatingdisgrace.
Under these circumstances, Gentlemen, what is to be the defence?
Defence! There can he none. The grr.sl sense of my friend, bar.
Jervis, would ha unseated from in. throne if be attempted any ;
but no doubt he will attempt many eloquent palliatives for the tie.
linqueney of his client. Will he at,eek the character of the nuke:
tunath girl whose seduction is the foundation of thienedon. I defy.
him to do so. 1 can prove that her character, up to the titne other
seduction, was

—" Pure as the icicle
That hangs on Dian's Temple.'''.
can call the slater of the defendant himself, who was her associate
and her friend, and she will state that she was virtuois--she was
pod. Then what will my Learned Friend say ? Poverty he can
not plead on the part of his client ; and if he could. Gentlemen. it
would be no eacuse, because if a man chooses to inflict an injury
on another, and cannot compensate for it In his purse, he must is
his person. fly the common maxim of our law. What then will he
•ay ? He will perhaps urge that this is not an action for the bream
of a promise of marriage ; and therefote he will say that the woes
of the suliesiniumernan ought to form no inceettlaa us run climb

in giving dnmagea.~I
alitTw that jou must not takiTher sorrelles
into consideration upon the present occasion. You are only to
give such damages as you think can operate in some measure so
heal the wounded feelings of an aged patent. But consider,
Gentlemen, What he has suffered, when, instead of seeing his child
creditable and honourable. he sees her become a reproach sod
shame to hien, front the treachery o' the man in whom he placed.
hu contidende: God forbid that you should ever have inflicted
upon you so great a misery as my client now labours under, but on
the present occasion you must consider with yourselves what
amount of detrages you would expect from your fellow-country-
men when so great an injury was inflicted upon you. I know I
shall have no Opportunity of addressing you again. I know my
Learned Friend will call no witnesses. but he will trust to his
genuity and his eloquence. You will listen to them, and I cart
never object to she weight they deserve; but then the facts of the
ease are the rule% by which you must be guided upon the prevent
occasion. and when yo': see that the defendant has inflicted blast-
ing ruin on my client, I am sure you will agree with me that the
person inflicting that injury ought to pay for IL
Samuel Bourne called, and etamined by Mr. A LIEXANDT n.—l
reside at Orimley„ in this county. I know the plaintiff' and his
family. The plaintiff' is turneu of seventy, years of age, and his
wife is about the same. They have tour children ; two sons and
two daughters. The defendant is in respectable circumstances. and
lives on a farm which r sod to his father for 5.01101. The daughter
of the plaintiff. whose seduction Is the foundation of the mint
action. is about six or seven and twenty, and was a good an.
virtuous girl, as far as I know.
Cross-examined by Mr. ARYlll.—The 4efendant lives on a farm
which his father bought of me fur 5.01111/.; but there were life-
charges payable nut of it to the amount of COOL Whether the farm
is his or his mother's I don't know.

France' nnott, the lady who had been seduced. was next tilled,
and examined by Mr. CAMPBELL.—I am daughter of the plain.
tilt: lam seven-and-twenty years of age. My father is more than
seventy, and my mother is sixty.four. I live at home with my
lather, who was a farmer in the parish df Hallow, in this county.
Ile retired from his farm shoat two years ago. I used to assist hint
in his family business. I hare two brothers. who continue to live
with my father. The defendant lives itt the same parish. His
father has been dead about three or rind, years. He occupies and
cultivates the farm his father had. lie was very intimate with my
elder brother, whose name is Richard, and was frequently brought
by hint to our house. About tWo years ago he paid his addresses
to me. as I thought upon honourable terms.
Mr. Jwavts here objected to the evidence of the witness respect.
ing any matter which ruiglit be the ground of an action for abreact
of promise of marriage.
Mr. Baron GAaIIOW over.med the objection.
Witness, in continuation.—There was another young man woo
had paid his addresses to me, and the defendant particularly wish-
ed me to give him up. as he said he would marry me. It was
known to my father and mother that he .was courting me for his
wife. They armored of his addresses. His own mother and sister
knew it. They approved of it. I was very frequently invited to
their house by them. I became very intimate with his sister. The
defendant wa. frequently at our house, and had many opportunities
of being alone with me. I became pregnant by him, and was con.
fined on the 12th of June last. After 1 became pregnant there was
a manifest difference in the. defendant's conduct towards Inc. Ho
called upon me a short time before I was brought to bed. He Watt
he had received a letter front our attorney. He said he knew he had
been a damnation villain to me, ane be could get no rest day or
night on account of hi. conduct. Ile has not visited me since.
still live at home with my father and mother in the cottage to which
they have retired.

Cron-examined by Mr. ..florin—The defendant is font years
older than I amt his sister is 21. I have knnwn the defendant six
yearn. It was four years ago since 1w cointe&me. There was the)c
another young man courting me. who bad paid his addresses to
me for many years. He was butler to Colonel Hall, in the same
parish. He had not been constant in his attentions. I can't say
he was inconstant. The defendant was received as my lover.
1 don't m4n td swear he was my lover, but he wished to come
upon those intentions. The butler visited me once every two OT
three months. The defendant used to come two or three times a
week; he sometimes remained until a hue hour—as late as 11 or
12 o'clock. hly mother used to go to bed about 8. My father
used too to bed at the saute time, leaving us two sitting up. sonic.
times with the tervant.maid and my two brothers. The defendant
smut() not go until they were gone to bed, and when they were
tired they went to bed. My brothers used to tell him to go to bed
in our house with them, but he would not. Ile would sit up with
me. I did not wish him to stay, but lie would not go. Ile never
visited me during the nine months I was pregnant. 1 had been
familiar with lion about two months betel.e I breams pregnant, on
conditions that he meant to net honourably. He never went to bed
with me in ray father's house. His own house is about two bun..

dred yards from our house; but he has slepti; our house. %chew
my pregnancy berme apparent, the defendant's sister was .he of
me. dlr. NVilmore, a surgeon in this place. attended me in labour,
and the defendant paid him. The child ia living, and was tient out
of the house the day it was born. The defendant pays fur its mail.
tenance, and always has done so. 1 know Mrs. Itydee, a lady who
i. now in Court, and I never told her that the defendant had never
promised to marry mc. I never informed the defendant that I was
pregnant until about two months before I was deibre-etl.
Me-eftarulned by Mr. CamrnE L ontited to Marry as
