ROYAL GARDENS, VAUXHALL.

~•~
,;.

This PruptieHire reepeetfully announee, that the Eittertainntents,
which received such unhounded applauee on Monday, Welaisday.
11 and FrMAE SVC:11110, nal be REPEATED THIS EVENING, MON-
DAY she ,th uf June, and WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY EVENINGS
. _ .

..A.atit;lssiOn Cards for the season, for one or more persons, may be
hod et the Royal Gardens, and of Fenton and Cu. Nude Vilarehonee,
Wend Cleasenti and Co. 14wdc Warehouse. Cheapsidet at the
Mu* daloon. 136, Regentstreet t of the London Genuine Tea Com-
pany. 23. Ludgate-41R. A, Chiding-eras. and 1 td, Gsford-street anti
ut the LJndon Wine Comma,. 441. Fiest-street.
Supper Boxes may be engaged.
Dueys Osseo at Sceen.--eoncert commences at Eight o'Cloek.
Admission Ss. 611.

The Pali ISA Plan costnaienced pukthhlngon Nlittlidlly ntorati
at bait-past live o'clock.

LONDON, MONDAY, JuwE 7, 1844.

We have received a private letter from the French capi-
tal, dated the rd instant, which contains the following
notice 4the health of Louis XVIII.:—
•' It is repotted this morning that the Sing is better; but he
it Let OA to leave the I' thee."
Dutch, Hamburgh, end Flandets Mail., brought ns last

rAtht Papers from Berlin, Copenhagen, Hamburgh, BrusT

ails, and other places, from which extracts of any political
, intetvit will be found in our columns. At Berlin, it ap-
pears, the proceedings against all secret associations of every
sort were carried on with undiminished rigour. Twostu-
• dent-. of medicine, of the names of Kohler and Sachuse,
had ju•,e been condemned, for no other crime, to six years'
incar,tration within the walls of a fortress, and were imme-
diately sent offto their melancholy destination. Frederick
Nt"il!istn had also issued& proclamation, prohibiting all his

subjects from studying, in the Universities of either Basle
cr TuLingcn, in Switserlaud, frost what he ails the perni-
cious tendency of doctrines taught in the Univerity of Basle,
And prohibited associations and dangerous intrigues that
suit at Tubingen. It'hat must that govern'. ent be, which
eso cnly be maintained by such decrees u these?—From the
Hague, under date of the Yd of this month, it is stated,
that the Second Chamber of the States-General bad re-

4.-rived a message from the First Chamber, stating that it
had approved of the Treaty with this country on the affairs
of India.—Frankfort Papers, to the Soth of May, detail
strong sensation through-

'out Germany, particularly among the Catholics of that ex-
tended empire. The Government of Wirtetnbcrg, it was
affirmed, had suddenly caused the arrest of the Baron
de Keller, Bishop of Evar, and his imprisonment in
the fortress of Hohenasperg, for having corresponded
with the Pope. Nothing relative to the nature of this cor-
respondence was known, and it was most probably occupied
solely with ecclesiastical affairs. This prelate's character is
said to be must respectable, and his arrest at present ap-
pears to be a most arbitrary act.—The Frankfort Papers
state, that letters from Smyrna, to the 12th of April, say,
that the plague was raging furiously at Cairo, and swecpipg
off in its fell progress, more than a hundred persons daily.
—Under the head of Brussels, to the 21 of June, the
speech of a M. Beclaerts, (luring the debate in the Cham-
ber on the late Treaty between the Netherlands and this
country, rclativlt to India, is given at some length. From
its marked allusions to the Cape of Good Hope, the Dutch
have strong hankerings after this valuable colony ; but it
is indisaolubl: united to Great Britain.

BERLIN. MAY 25.
The Committee of Inquiry yesterday publicity t the following
monitory notice f--
"In the inquiry instituted against the student of medicine Kohler,
and the Prirate Secretary Sachuse, it has been judicially decided
according to law, that each of them is to be punished by six years
imprisonment in a fortress, for being concerned in secret forbidden
associations. This sentence, pronounced by two supreme tribu-
nals, is hereby published by command, as a warning, and the per-
sons are already sent to their punishment."
MAY 29.
The State Gazette and our other journals of yesterday contain a
Royal Proclamation to the following effect :
Considering the pernicious tendency of various doctrines
taught in the University of Basle ; and considering it is proved by
authentic documents that prohibited assueiattuns and other
dangerous intrigues still continue in the University of Tubingen,
his Majesty has been pleased to prohibit all his subjects from
studying at these Universities, on pain of being declared incapable
of lillmg any office, and of subjecting their parents or guardians to
being fined."
CHRISTIANA. MAY 19.

Berawral wasp of learning hive formed a society, under the name
tithe Physiographic Society, the object of which is to extend the
knowledge of the natural history of Norway.
COPENHAGEN, MAY 25.
Their Majesties and the two Princesses will go on Saturday from
this city to Eikeinfordc, anal thence to Louisen Land, where they
will stop a few days. All North Jutland, even the most northerly
and eastern parts, will be honoured by their Majesty's presence.
A French frigate and two corvettes have anchored in the roads.
They are going to Russia to fetch timber 'for the navy.
HAGUE, JUNE 2.
The Second Chamber of the States-General has received to-day
a message from the First Chamber, giving notice that it had ap-
proved of the Treaty with Great Britain on the affairs of India.
JUNE 3.
The Second Chamber has discuweed to-day the project of law re-
lative to the regulation of several financial affairs of the kingt!om,
which gave rise to considerable debates, and great difference, of opi-
nion, so that the law was only passed by a majority of 47 to 42.
It is expected that the present Session of the States-Uencral will
'n Saturday •

close on

17 or Toe;day next.
EXCHANGES

.......
MANISUROTI, JUNE L—London, 36 8q ; 2 months, 36 si.
Sr. FETERSIII:ROM, MAT 18.—London, V 27-84; Paris, 100.
LZIPSIC, 31ar 28.—London, 96 171.
Benzix, 51ar 29.—London, three months, 622.
FRANKFORT, MAT 30.
A singular event is talked of here, which will affect all the
Catholics in Germany, at least if the facts are such as they are re-
lated. It is affirmed that the government of Wirtemberg has
caused the Baron de Keller, Bishop of Evora, to be arrested, and
conducted to the fortress of Holiensaperg.
He is accused, it is said, of having corresponded with a foreign
Sovereign, that is to say, with the Pope of Rome, but hitherto
nothing has come to the knowledge of the public relative to the
nature of this donee. The Bishop of Evora is in all
respects a man of highly respectable character.
Letters from Smyrna of the 12th of April say, that the plague
which had broken out at Cairo since the late terrible Le, carries
off above 100 persons daily.
STUTOARD, MAT 29.
The Chamber of Deputies, in its sitting of yesterday, resolved
unanimously, on.the moron of M. Cotta (first modems the 24th),
that the interest of the public debt shall be reduced from ft to 4i per
tient. It deckled, by a majority of 84 to 46, that to effect this re-
duction, a general invitation shall be addressed to the public cre-
ditors <except those with whom there are special conventions,
fixing the period of re-payment) calling on them to declare
whether they will be content with 4i per cent. or whether they
4oprefer being repaid. The Chamber afterwards rejected, by a ma-
ity of 61 to `.91, the proposal to authorize the administration to
none notes payable to the beanr, in order to preserve the sums ne-
cessary to pay the dissenting creditors.
Setuiveleausurt, 114 T 19.
The Duke of Calvello, Envoy Extraordinary from the King of
Naples, has sent official letters to each of the Canonical Govern-
tnenta,to inform them that he is furnished with full powers to enter
immediately into negotiations on the conditions of the military Ca-
pitulations; he again makes offers in the nameof his Court to all the
Cantons, both to those which have already declared in favour of the
capitulations, and to these which have rejected them. At the same'
titae he declares, that the commercial advantages which the Neapoli- '
tan Government proposed to grant to Switzerland, and in favour of
the productions and manufactures of that country, will be conceded
to these Cantons only which shall take part in these capitulations.
Baussitzs, JUNE 2.
We have said, that in the debate on the late treaty of London,
M. &leers wished the Cape of Good Hope bad been restored
to us. The following is an analysis of that part of his speech :
This calory was founded 150 years ago, by the enterprising spirit of
the Dutch ; it was at first a mere station to afford refreshments to
our ships, and being afterwards augmented by the industry and
hospitality of the Belgians, became in the 17th century an asylum 1
for numerous French, driven from their country by religious per.
aecution, who brought with them, and communicated their agricul-
tural knowledge, particularly relative to the culture of the vine-
es well as arts and trades, in the Southern promontory of Africa,
This colony more resembled a province of the Netherlands,
than any other of our foreign possessions, RI its population ,1
language, laws, manners, and customs. It is more attached
to the Netherlands than to any other power. I witnessed this:
during my residence at the Cape. I witnessed it In 1811, when 1
the incorporation of the Netherland with the French empire
was known there--when a remonstrance to the English Govern-
ment was signed. I was commissioned, in the name of the chief
inhabitants of the Cape to present this memorial, the object of
which was to desire that the Colony might be assigned as a
krefuge for those Belgians who should wish to quit their country now
that it was unhappily effaced front the list of nations. I saw
the same thing in 1814, when the news of the deliverance of the
Netherlands was received with transport by the Africans, who con-
sidered this event as the forerunner of their re-union with the
Mother Country ; and 'lastly I witnessed it in 1815, when the news
of the victory of Waterloo, and of the convention concluded at
London was renewed; hut these transports were soon moderated by 1
the 'cession to Great Britain. Had it been passible to include in
the exchange this Belgic colony, which is but little known, and
neglected and disregarded by others, we should not only
have re-united with us a country which every way resembles
ear provinces, but have afforded great satisfaction to a po-
pulation of 100,000 souls, most of them descendants of this
kingdom—we should have given new life to our commerce and
our marine, and found ample compensation for all the expenses of
a garrison, he. In conclusion, 111 r. B. expressed his desire that
circumstances or events may one day restore this colony to us.—
Brussels Papers, Jame 5.

Nuremberg and Vienna Papers to the 48th May reached
our office last night. The former are almost wholly occu-
pied, in the article from Greece, with.unmingled regrets for
the irreparable loss of Lord Byron. His death appears to
have produced the most heartfelt sorrow throughort
Greece ; his memory is now dwelt on with the most af-
fectionate and devoted attachment. " The Senate of
Missolonghi (this article says) will preserve, as a sacred
treasure, Lord Byron's heart, whose last pulsation was for
us." The great poet's life was devoted to the cause of
liberty, and he perished in the glorious effort.
NUREMBERG. MAT !M.

The:Gazette of this city has the following article frOm Greece:—
" There is no doubt that if the life ofLord Byron had bees
moliingeil, he would have doise incalculable service to the Greeks, by
his enthusiastic zeal and his extensive connections. Not only his
own countrymen in unexpectedly large number, but other foreiFn-
ers from all parts of Europe, were called together under the iLgis
of his much-respected name. The differences which were likely to
arise between the Porte and Great Britain, from the connection of
a man of so much importance with the Greeks, allowed us to hope
for events, in the course of which Greece might perhaps all at once
have &Nuked a tranquil existence, have completely organised its
internal constitution, and her fields, drenched with the Wood oilier
children, would have rewarded the peaceful labours of the hus-
bandman. The loss of this magnanimous Nobleman is most deep-
ly felt. At Missokinghi, the inhabitants of which had the best
opportunity of seeing and admiring the extent of his activity, every-
body is plunged in the most proloend afiktion. if we had lost a
great battle the grief at such a misfortune would not have been so
general : our country has still sons enough to repel the invading
enemy ; a defeat would sully animate them to new victories; but
this loss is irreparable, and the animating spirit of a man like
Lard Byron, whom fortune, and perhaps his own previous mode
of life, had placed in a state of mind, in which lire hod no charms
for him, unless enhanced by something estraordinary—such
spirit dwells in very few men, and in them perhaps not to their own
good.
The Senate of Missolonghi wiU reserve as a sacred treasure
Lord Byron's heart, •hose last pulsations were for us. The body
will be sent to England. However we have no reason to despair
of the success of our cause. We hay, lately received by

N. E. Bisquiere, the mitt of fifty thousand pounds sterling, as
the first part of the loan negotiated by the house of lanughnan and
Son in London. The report of Colocatroni's sentence was false;
he lives retired at Al issolonglil. The filmier Bey of the Maetinotel,
Peter 31auromichaelis, was tried by a Court 3lartial, but acquittep.
Niketos. Colocotroni's nephew, amen of honour ar.d a brave soldier,
went to Thertnorybe In the beginning of April, to cover the
siege of Negropont, which Odysseus has undertaken. The Turkish
garrison of that place is reduced to the most • dreadful distress by
1 famine and the plague, so that we may hope soon to be in posses-
sion of that fortress, ;bleb will ensure us a firm footing in Attica.
VIENNA, ?lAA- 23.

Ilia Highness Prince Metternich set out yesterday—afternoon for
Tyerntee, where he will make only a short stay, and then go to
his estate of Johannisberg. We understand that his Highness is
expected here in Frankfort by :he 6th June.—Fraakfort Paper:,
Mee!: SO.

The last accounts front Ptinama, of the 24d of March,
contain intelligence, which, if true, as we trust it is, would
be decisive of the independence of Peru, without any fur-
' ther contest. Canterac, who commanded the Spanish
troops opposed to Bolivar, is known to be a decided Con-
stitutionalist. Ile had asseinbli. d his officers, it is stated,
and held a council of war on the state of affairs in Upper
Peru. The result was an unanimous resolution, not to
acknowledge the absolute Government across the Atlantic,
should the Constitution be overthrown. The fate of
Spain was not then known in Peru. They had sent a
message to the Congress of Peru, the purport of which
was then no: made public, to which an answer was given,
that no decision could be come to by the C'ongress, until
the proposition was submitted to General Bolivar. The
message was generally supposed to contain overtures to-
wards a negociation between Cauterise and his Officers and
the Peruvian Government. The British Consul had ar-
rive4l at Lima, and was received with every possible mark
of respect. Every thing at, the date of the last accounts
was perfectly tranquil in the Peruvian capital. The
greater part of the troops were stationed at Pativilia.

The financial " projet" for the reduction of the
French funds received its death-blow at the meeting of
the Upper Chamber on Thursday. M. de Villele's plan,
so long depending, and which attracted such general
attention throughout Europe, was rejected by a majority
of 120 to 105. The scrutiny took place on the first
paragraph of the project of the law, and it was deci-
sive of all the remaining propositions which were minor
and dependent. The other para,graphs were for-
mally put to the vote also, and as successively rejected.
the Peers, for the purpose of conforming to the scantling
orders of the Chamber, then proceeded to vote on the final
scrutiny, as to the entire project, which was also nega-
tived. The Upper Chamber, after this important decision,
adjourned, without appointing any day for a subsequent
meeting. Before the first anti most decisive scrutiny took
place, the Minister of Finance (the Count de Villele) ad-
dressed the Chamber, to explain the intentions of the Go-
vernment with respect to stockholders of less than 1,000
francs (or 401. British) animal dividend, whose situation,
under the proposed reduction, appeared to be a leading
motive for the opposition to the law. The Minister of
Finance declared, that the intention of the French Minis-
try was, without admitting any present exception to the
law, to propose hereafter the creation of an establishment,
in which limited annuitants, of this description, might find
a certain investment, at a competent rate of interest. M.
de Villele mentioned the " Caisse des Consignations,"
as an institution applicable to such a purpose, and stated
that the associated bankers would be easily induced fo
renounce their commission on this portion of the " Rentes."
Such an arrange:nein, while it secured to the reduced an-
nuitants the power of receiving undiminished dividends, to
the Ist of January, 1626, would also enable them to
await, without loss, the. moment when an establishment
might be created to receive their funds. This proposition,
however, of the French Minima, formed, as he conceived,
to disarm the powerful opposition arrayed against the mea-
sure, was without effect ; and the law so long agitated in
every possible shape, is now no more. The rentes, in con-
sequence of this unexpected decision, at once fell more than
;two per cent : they opened is the morning at 104 franc, 25
cents. and as soon as the decision of the Upper Chamber was
known, fell to 102 f. 10e. Paris on Thursday and Friday was
inundated with rumours the most contradictory : it was con-
fidently asserted at one time, that the Count d'Villele, the
author of the defeated "projet" would quit the Ministry
altogether; another report was prevalent, that he would
merely resign his Wee of Minister, retaining that of
President of the Council of Ministers ; while a third re-
port was as confident that the defeated Minister was still
determined to bold his place, and that his failure in the
lUpper Chamber was a species of coinprimise between him
and his opponents, by which he secured his permanence in
the Cabinet, and preserved his lead in the Finance
Department. The public feeling was that of high
exultation at the rejection of the measure ; and lavish
praises were showered on thtinajority who defeated the
measure, in the different "Ca " where stock-joebing is 1
I carried on. It is clear that the composition and proceed-
ings of the two Chambers have completely disappointed
the expectations of the French Ministry. The prorosed
law only passed the Chamber of Deputies after violent
opposition and protracted debates, and it has been extin-
guished by a majority of the Peens. Whether this deci-
sion has originated in personal feelings, from many of the
latter being large ft:nal:alders themselves, we cannot now
pronounce. The measure we alga thought a just and
wise one, and perfectly warranted by existing circum-
stances. In fact it took its rivalrous the great financial
reductions effectei in our own funds. If the decision of
the Chamber of l'eers wax caused by their reluctance to
interfere with the public creditor, sod from a knewlcilge of
the heavy presser.: the proposed law would bring with it to
the humbler orders of annuitanp, who are numerous
I throughout France, the rejection *vends highly to their
Ilionour, and must raise the publ. reedit of France in
the eyes of foreign nations. It i trange that the reetes,
which fell which fell when first important reduction
was proposed, should fall again on its final rejection ; but
such are the mysteries and inconsistency of the Steck Ex-
; change, whether in Paris or this great capital, where these
vacillating transactions are so much mom extended.

Mr. Brougham, after almost a total silence during the
previous part of the Session, brought forward, oil last
Tuesday night, his agitating ration rcsrcting the unfor-
tunate Mr. Smith, the Dei,ana Missionary, the ad-
journed discussion on which stands for next Friday. The
Hon. and Learned Gentleman, with the discrimination
that masks his character, thus seized on a subject that has
aroused strong feelings out of doors, to make one striking
effort before Parliament was prorogued, and close his
career with distinction. The Dissenters are a powerful
and a zealous body; they unite large property to great in-
telligence, 'and a ceaseless perseverance to both. They
come forward on every question that deeply interests them
with almost decisive effeet, from .their union. On this
memorable occasion they wanted an impression to be
made, and selected Mr. 'knight= to had their battle, in
preference to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Buxton, or Mr. Bankes
The Dissenters In the northern alunties, composing Mr:
Brougham's circuit, are numerous and active; their in-
fluence in Westmorland, which the lion. and Learned

Gentleman means to dispute on a new election, is also
considerable. Mr. Brougham, by his eloquent and im-
passioned appeal on Tuesday night, has now conciliated
the entire body. They are attached and energetic friends,
and will swell the ranks of his supporters when he can-
vasses Westmorland again. However peaceful their
pursuits, they arc of necessity often obliged to come into
our Law Courts, and their friendship will not diminish
their great advocate's professional income, either in his
circuit tour or in his increasing practice in IVestininster
hall. Mr. Brougham lost nothing of his high reputation
by his address on Tuesday night. he arrayed his charges
with consummate art ; he left no topic untouched that
could inflame the passions of his auditory; and during a
speech of four hours, omitted nothing that could control
or agitate a mind of any doubt. In the fervour of his in-
dignation he described the proceedings under which the
Missionary sunk to his grave as " a violent breach of legal
protection, a daring violation of justice, and a gross out-
: rage on all those ordinary forma of justice by which law
and justice are wont to be administered." This was s
!sweeping denunciation against the whole board of Officers
who formed the Court Martial. It imputed to them, and
to his Majesty's Representative in Demerara, who assem-
bled them by his authority. motives the most prejudiced,
and conduct as flagrant as unjust. But if the previous
thigh character of Governor Murray, or that of President
Wray, and the King's officers, who sate on Mr. Smith,
Icould fairly subject them to such an imputation, what
possible interest could they have in dooming the hapless
' Missionary to death ? They were neither planters tor slave
owners—the revolt had brought with it no pecuniary losses
to them—they were not enemies to the amelioration of the
condition of the negroes, or opposed to the ultimate ex-
tinction of slavery•, from long connection with the Colonies,
or large property committed in the result. It is true that
military law was proclaimed, and in place of a Civil Court,
formed of incensed slave owners, the Missionary had to
frolic the proceedings of a Court Martial. But such con-
sequences always follow in the train of insurrection. The
unfortunate man had sown a fearful harvest, and he had
! subsequently to reap a portion of the dreadful consequences.
We do not ourselves wish to sanction such tribunals in any
dependency where British law prevails or British protection
is extended: but the terrible precedent was far from being
unknown. Does Mr. Brougham forget how many suffered,
under the decrees of these Courts, at no distant day, in Ire-
land? Mr. Smith might have been brought before a
Civil Tribunal in George Town, and have lingered for
months in his prison, while its slow proceedings went on ;
the evidence against him would have been the same, and
his conviction have probably been as certain. Would this
have been mercy to the unfortunate man, or is this the
lingering torture Mr. Brougham dignifies with all the
attributes of unspotted justice? The fact is, the Mis-
sionary was a heated enthusiast; his private journal, and
all his conduct during six years that his ministry lasted
among the negroes, clearly shewa this ; it was his tem-
perament; he soma to have inherited all the feelings of
the Fifth Monarchy Men, who brought the First Charles
to the block. The Missionary Society, whose disinterested
labours have been so useful, cannot be involved in any
criminality that rests on the memory of Mr. Smith. Had
he followed the prudent instructions of those who lent
him to Demerara, the evils that attended his ministry
would have been avoided; but Ile had formed opinions of
his own, and pursued them, reckless of all consequences.
Ills Scriptural t •xts and allusions were unsuited to his
sable auditory ; those passages from the Old Testament,
which describe the bondage of the Children of Israel, and
their deliverance from the land of Egypt, were applied by
the negrocs to their own situation and sunk deeply in their
minds. We admit that some of the precepts of the mis-
taken Missionary were beneficial; they stayed the scenes
of blood that must otherwise have marked the first burst
of the insurrection; few murders, happily, were com-
mitted by the negroes ; they remembered the admonitions of
their pastor, and life in general was safe. The spirit of
Christianity was so far triumphant.

§lhlilllihra
an oagurreoce which had created a
