FA RRINGHON WITHOUT.

iT a WAR 1)110TE held at St. Anrirew•t
Church. Holborn, by the IVorehipCit Rog FAT
%I Al Eli MAN, Esq. Aldernia• and Shrrtff, at the float filler
Or 1111. 1.4.11, S Iturday, ik•eemher 13, 1810, Ilse numbers
w err as follow :

51r. W. J. Reeve., (Dr.
l'ul
JAnors
Esq SIMI-Id 507
James Cruuk 488
Wm. Vale
W. Gritfishs
John 1814cket
C. A. Sasnze 479
It chard
Those macktd • thus were new Candidates.

Mr. A Beckwith ...% 469
•I'ineeut Figgins 467
George 114.hrrle 454
J. Southgate 441
•Grurge Turner 438
Wsillaui Pollen 419
• I'. C. H Henan' 4110
•4. Galloway 404
•I'. Harper l7l

Whereoroothe Aitken'.,' fierlorrti the Electios to hive

fallen un the first Stxtten Gentlemen.

Resolved, 'llll ist the opinion of this Wardmote the
measures pursued of late years by his Majesty's SI ter.,
with regard to the people at large, and especially their recent
eondrict in relation to her Slajesty the Queets, have been
greatly derogatialy to the sliguity of the Ci uses., and sulissr.
sive of the Comortutosti. That, conformably wi h this
Opinion, Ihntlntuit. appetites. of Ilte loyal and dutiful
Address which has bees. pitseuted by the Corporation or
this City, praying his NI sjesty Isis preseilt Minis-
ters; and also jobs sinesas ly is. the litse that hit Majesty
will comply with the wishes of itta faithful subjecia, by
dis-
missing those Ministers, and appoiistrteg tittsi rs who will
pledge themselves to adroit soil act actors ding to the ancient
principles of the Censiosusi oo and seat ore to Ilte people
their just shore in the Legislature of their country.
Resolved, That Ilse impota t ions and calumnies against the
inhabitants of this Ward, seal the people in general, contain-
ed in some Itrroluiious obtruded violin the public by certain
persons. stylieg themselves, " lahyal Inhabitants of the
IVaid," and stetted " Jilin Jr lierom," have reetived us
ample cond. moat iou is. the irinmphant result of the present
Election, by which have been decidedly nvanarested the
genuine swot sinesits of • very large and impormni district of
the Capital, 414 well as the character of those impostures,
misralled, "Loyal Aildreassa," by which the factious and
sessile aillseeents of the present weak and vs irks d Ministers
are attempting lu misrepreseut the people, mid to mislead
the King.
Resolved, That the thanks of this Wardinole lie given to
noir eirellestt nod patiisitic Alderman, Hubert Wasitunnot,
Stwrill of Lou ton awl Middlesex, who, by Id, ardent
nod persevering furriers in the ewew of constitutional free•
shim; by Ike ability, jisitantent, RII4I intrepidity with whirls
he has through a lung series of years dr resided the cause or
his c 00000 itry and of mankind; by Ilia easolossr, moderation,
disinterestedness, And lite social siol domestic eirlUtt *ldyls
have adorutil 104 private Id, bus well de:sewed she esteem
mid gratitude, not otitis Waid alone, but of tits ceautry,
and of mankind.

Resolved, That awfully impressed by the affecting event
which ban Ihis day occurred in the decease of our I.te worthy
Representative, Robe, t Herring, Esq. Deputy, before este
thanks for km toug sud faithful fIei•ICTP could be offered to
him, it only retuaitis for this Wardiume to testify to his
family, aud to the pular, a grateful and affectionate sea,
of his eminent p.ivAlt worth, and his conscientious and dtli-
g.
ul discharge of the various trusts emanated to
Resolved, That the reaper Out thanks of this Wardsnote are
due to Mr. A. Wittig. Mr. M. Motif, z, and Ur. T.O :smith,
who have retired from the representation of this Ward, for
their long and faithful services, mid for she honourable mud
cosiscientimas discharge of the trust reposed in them.
Resolved, That She political 'principles maintained by the
✓emaining Twelve Represents' ives, namely—Messrs Reeve.,
Griffith*. Quoit. Vale, Savage, Patten, Sheila %Va-
liant., Beckwith, Taylor, &mitigate, mid Robeals, have the
full conemarsce and tuanctiou of their Constituents, mad the
thanks of this Wardninte are cordially tendered to them fur
their diligent alteistion to the duties of their office.
Resolved, That this Wardmom, deeply impress...l with the
importance of a constitution's!, enlightened, suit fearless
Public Pies*, is anxious to testify its admiration of the ta-
lents, principles, sod intrepidity domlayed ies the conduct of
the ladepetialent Journals of Ike country; anal it bails with
esultatorti that social progress which imhories that the era
Is fast appruachicg whim knowledge shall cover the earth as
the waters cover the sea.

negatived, That the eminent talents, independence, sod

•
public spirit evinced daring this Election, •nil no every
similar ocessi .... , for many years past. by Mr. N. Thou:limns
and Mr. Was. Coates, au.: the seal fur the interest* of the
People which they have repeatedly manifested elsewhere,
entitle Shute Gentlemen to the apptoltatioa sad gratitude of
this Ward, said of their Fellow Cilium..
Resolved, That the thanks of this Wardmote be given to
Mr. W. Boyer, Chnrehwardeis of SI. Andrew's, Holborn, fur
his obliging curnplimsee with the wishes of the Inhabitants,
in remitting the wee of the Church.
(Signed by Order) A. BRADLEY,
Ward Clerk.

AMEhledl.

NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 27.
EVACUATION OF NEW YORK.

On Soiloolity the A imieersory of the Evacuation
of this city by the Min.!, troops, in 1783. was
celebrated witl► the 'towel ilemonoratiosis of jay.
The thy VI db cloudy Nod heavy, which did not p►y.
vents 14rge concourse of proslo,fruin enjoy►ng the
celebration. At 10 o'cluik the troops formed in
and were reviewed by Gri.eral
StrVtns—they looked and tivirched uncommonly
well; and utter ;minding through the principal
street., they painbeil the City-li4ll, and were al.o re-
viewed by the Mayor slid municipal authorities.

PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS.
SENATE, Nortusza 23.
Mr. SANFORD et 111111 l 1111100 rd to the Senate cer-
tain Resolutions of the Legislature of New York,
in opposition to the admission of the State of
Missouri into the Union, without the prohibition
of slavery therein ; which were read.
Ater the presentation and reference of one or
two 'invade Petitions the Senate udjourried.
