heard among the inhabitants of hamlets, burghs, and villages ; and
that this would soon be the e.ote in chive, if the Government did
not i ft:mullet-1y take beneficial and energetic measures.
His Excellency aidtd, that the obstinate refusal of all Govern-
ments and capitalists to make a loan to Spain, on any ground
whatever, slid not leave any respect of such measures being piac-
i tieanle; that it would therefore be out of the question to think of
sending to Portugal either an active army or one of observation,
berm,.. th Government could not dlspo.e of a ireravedi, and
that already he saw the thiticit of this year will be almost double
that of last year.
The %Var. Minister then got up and made a most deplorable de-
scription of the condition of the army. Ile showed that the nuns-
Lir of troops was far less considerable than had been believed,
because most part of the regiments of the hoe were merely framed.
and remained incomplete, owing to the penury of the State. That
it was Impossible to rely on the fidelity of the existintlir.s,
because to expect it from naked and starving men, w
ve
gradually become completely discontented, could be to expect

miracles. 41a
M. de Zsmbrano added that there were a great :lure/bet of
sotlices whose term of service bed expired, and who loudly mur-
mured for not being sent to their home,. lie spoke of the Royal
()nerds as the only troops well armed and equipped, but that they
only amounted to 12,000 men, infantry, cavalry, and artillery; and
that besides these triops not be n disposable, owing to their doing
service for the Royal Family and the capital, it would be im-
?ossible to employ them to any thing at this moment, sheuld they
even be disposable, because their officers were mere boys, the oldest
of whom waist school three years ago, with the exception of about
twenty of ly. Ile then slid that the soldiers of the Guards were
divided in (Onions. the old and ,pay entertaining very oppo,ite
ones; and that the se-geants and corporals, although exercised
:very day, were yet, generally, far flout knowiog their business.
The Miri,ter .ein.clutled by saying, that to send an army to the
•ronti:ne of Yettugal, it would be necessary to direct thereon the
net mud troops, and expose the coasts, fortresses, and capitals, to the
•nerey of the Colombittrue, or a coup-dr-maim on the part of any
other enemies of Spain ; and that in the event even of France con-
senting to furnish new auxiliary troops, they eon!! not be accepted.
because they would overcharge the kingdom and the nation, con-
sidering that means were wanting in Spain to maintain them, still
less to pay them ; and that if the inhabitants were to be forced to
lodge them, they would revolt, be rug in the extremity of wretched-
ness, and would turn their arms against the troops who came as
allies of their country.
. . _

The Illinister of 3latine spoke next, and said that threaourths
of the ships constructed at l'afthagena and Ferrol were going to
ruin in the potts, for want of rigging and sails; because the
lriilders, despairing of being paid by Governntent the stipulated
sans, refused since six months to continue the 'yolk, and to mnke
new advances; so that all ships begun would end with the will of
Qod, and would no doubt be rotten before they could be put in a fit
state for service. The 31inist,r also made knows that the vessels

Colombia and Buenos Ayres, and some En;41;s1) 'motels, their
Allies, did not lose sight or our coasts, and gAte to the Government
•rue causes of uneasioe•e„

After die Minster of the Marine, M. de Caomarde said acme
words, n spoke generally of the hopes which the Government
'Light to entertain, from the me isures which would be adopted to
remedy so many evils, and of the reimurces which the State might
draw from itself after the reformations which should be made. The
%lister of Grace and Justice drew afterwards a more encouraging
'Acton of the state of things ; but he spoke only of the future and

his colleagues bad spoken of the present. Last of all, the Duke
let Infantedo rose to support the discourse of M. de Calomarde.
He drew his prircipal rgumeat from the goodness and wisdom of
,he King; hut notwithstanding this, he could hilt:avoid giving to
understand that the relsdans of Spain with foreigraPUircrsare not all
ailtully satisfactory. However that may be, ILA that the
treater pert of the Members of this great Council had entered It
with the deign of advising the Government to declare war against
Portugal g and that all of theta were much disconcerted without
.larirg to give any formal counszl. It is affirmed that the King
iiini‘elt declared that he dal rot think of making war on Portugal,

end that his intention was to wait to sec what attitude he ought to
take towards that Government, and towards these of its allies. In
-ons- quence of the orders' given by his Majesty to the Captains
i.eneral of the provinces on the Conners of Portugal, the greater
part of the Portuguese Royalists, who had taken refuge in Spain,
have alscady returned to Portugal, and those who have not yet been
ihle to return to their country will depart from our territory in a'
tr w days.
1 From the CoNstitittionuel of Tuesday.l
The following is an extract of a letter Which we have received
from Marseilles, dated Aug. 22:
• Ile who S.IWS the wind will reap the whirlwind,' says an old
proverb; but unfortunately it will not strike those who raise it.
Three years ago three skips of war were constructed for t'.e Dey of
A'giers ; some have been built since, and some are now being
built, fur the philanthropic Packs of Egypt; but all these fine
speculations seriously injure our commerce. Fur more than twenty
years past our marine relations with Spain, Naples, Leghorn, aid
other places, were continued without obstacle, but tow it has
pleased time Dry of Algiers to decide otherwise. At the period of
the fair of Beaucaire, information was given that the prates of
Barbary had appeared in the waters of the Gulf of Lyons. Our
Turkophilists denied the accuracy of the rumour, which, however,
now admits of no doubt. Several merchant tassels, coming from
Italy. have been searched by Algerine Corsairs, who have treated
the captains like infidel dogs and have only released them upon an
assurance that they had on board neither subjects of the Pope nor
Greek's, whom they would have carried away china to slavery or to
dead). These moo ls, on their arrival in Provence, are forced to
submit to a quarantine of twenty.five days, that is to say, to an
overcharge of double and treble the value of the wages and main-
tenance of their crews; to a delay from the wind, and to an enor-
mous Loss front perishable articles, because it is the good pleasure
of the Dey of Algiers. We ask if it can be suffered, without a
violation of the dignity of the French flag, that our vessels should
Ina visited by barbarians who can only communicate the plague,
aim away our goods, and insult our sailors ?
It is said that one of our ships, bound from Marseilles to the
31so ea, has been taken, and that the passenger as well as the
ere have been destroyed. If this should prove true, and ample
vengeance be not immediately taken, the evil consequences will be
inc. killable. The fact once ascertained, an inquiry should in-
staidly be made into the circumstances at Marseilles, in order to
ilweover the individuals who have made known the destine ion of
ale vessels to the barbarians, and then our cruisers in the Levant
would be better employed upon our coasts than in the position they
now occupy.
Pause A Vew 4.
M. de Ma ternie% is al fond of Congresses as Prince Holienluhe
is of miracles, and he is much distressed at, seeing the albaes of the
other European Cabinets gradually taken out of his hands. In
vain slid he wish to have a Congress for the affairs of Russia, for
the affairs of Brazil, for the affairs of Batumi ; as Eugland, who
is deterinined to have an opinion of her own, entirely disregarded
the diplomatic notes and inaimistions of M. de bletteroich, and dal
not give them a moment's attention. At the present niuruent, when
the Austrian Prince is surrounded, at his palace at Johannisberg,
with all the puny diplomatist. in his suite, he would fain have it
believed that the flake of Wellington will be added to the number.
But whilst the journals in his pay make the Duke travel about, lie
is quietly. enjoying the sports sit the field at Stratlitieldsay, receiv-
ing the 'nits of his friends, and seems more disposed that the Di-
pluniatie Congress at Johannisberg should visit him at Strathfield-
*ay, than to pew the Rhine fur the purpose of seeing it. Doubtless
Prince 3letternich will comfort himself for that disdain by prepar-
ing a little vexation for some petty German potentate, until the
princip!e that every one has a right to be h ii own master becomes
universally recognized.
The Etuik announces that 31. de Chamound, Archbishop of St.
Claude, passed through Lyons on the 19.11 August, on his way to
Carcasaomie, where he intends to sa:p some time. Wont has in-
duce,' this Prelate to go and reside tau leagues train his diocese ?
The brig l'Eniile, Captain Laurence, sailed from 3larseilles the
210 August for Greece. 31elin, Voutier, and liolknel, authors of
several works relating to that country, and 31eler, Touret, Gravel,
and Bruno, ex-officers, arc on board.
