PIIP,^w7 - - _

lefwm

pral/4'.lif,e3 by the varions erns eir managers et
e.,tates, and an hrteresting trie in .altunration.
Letter XX. gives a statement .el opinions tespea-
;lig the stare trade, with an account of a species c
internal leg station, 'est:Misted by custom and rea-
son in the hands aftheoolnnists,the present state.of
slavery in Jamaica. the elefeas of the colonial sys-
tem, and remu ks on the negled of iticultsting reli-
gion among the negroes.
Letter XXI. an ltst ceetinuee the same sabjea,
and offers a plan for missionaries. The :maim then
gives his reason for apprehending little danger to
.larnaica from St. Demingo, :wrd for thinking any
general insurreaion in Jamaica improbable, con-
.cludes this intertang work, which will form a vat?,
litahle addition to <very West-India Plsinor's
brary, with suggesting flans for the farther seco-
rl•). of the

P4XLI.IMEICT.

HOUSE OF LORDS.
sarmenav, JCNE ;4..
The Bonse met x three o'clock, =4l a Message
was sent to the 'loose :of Commons, requesting their
;Attendance in the house of Beers.
The Commons acconringly attended —and in their
presence the Moral Assent was givetto -several Bins.
(For astirb su the Commons.) • •
The Lord► Connnis.siOnscrs were--;lAvrd Chancel-
lor, Lord Walsinghans, and Lord AncllancL
Adinsrned to AloiaLq.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

SATURDAY, .It7NE

The Usher of the Black Rod desired the imme-
diate attendance of the House in The House of Peers,
to hear the Royal Assent given by commission to se-
veral public andprivate
The Speaker, attended by several of the Members,
gecordiogly proceeded ,t,) the. Upper House. The
riblic Ails which received the floral Assent were—
Abe National Defence Bill—the Irish Courts of Law
Rill—the Militia Completion Bill—and the Scotch
Schoohnasters' Bill. Among the private Bills ws
Markham's Divorce Bill.

A Message from the Lords inf. .rmed the I louse
their Lordships had agreed to the Bill tirr protaling
the Trade of the United Kingdom durin,, the War
with France ; and the Scotch Emigrant
Mr. VANS! ITART gave notice, that on Mon-
day his Right Hon. Friend, the Chancellor of the
:Exchequer, would, in the Committee of Supply,
bring forward a Plan fur Consolidating the Duties of
Excise--and at the same time it was his intention to
move for leave to bring in a Bill for et couragiug
Foreign Seamen to enter into the Naval Service of
this country.
The House resolved itself into a Committee on
that part of His Majesty's Speech of the 2.341 No.
venther, which related to the accommodation and
facilities to be afforded trade.

Mr. VAISIITART observed, that the Commit-
tee must be aware that there were certain articles
which could be regulated by the Committee on the
Lill, without a previous Committee. At present, he
had only two articles with which he should trouble
the Committee—they related to imports from the
.Last Indies—the one was China-ware, and the other
.oipium. It was proposed to augment the daties
upon •tkose articles. With regard to Opium, it was
suspected that it began to be used for the purpose of
adulterating beer. It seas even said, that in conse-
quence of the prohibition of Opium in China, it was
likely to become an article of speculation in this
country. lie proposed an additional duty of 801. on
every 4001. real value of China-ware imported into
this icountry by the East-India Company—and on
every pound of Opium imported, an additional duty
at Ss. with a draw oack of 6s. on exportation ; and a
duty of 12s. 6d. on every pound of Opium imported
from the I.evant, not the place of its natural growth,
with a drawback of 7is. on exportation. He
added, that in the Bill which had passed last year,
relative to Brewers, every possible care had been
taken to peewit the adulteration of that necessary
trticle. It vvis provided, That every Brewer, in
whose possession any OPiurn should be found, should
ply a penalty of 501.
Mr. PATTISON observed, that the Right H.
Gentleman had brought c,re.-ard a charge of a very
serious nature against the Brewers. He was con-
meted with persons of great respectability in that
line, and he never had heard of such a practice.—
Ile wished the Right Hon. Gentleman would state
some fact—the characters of the Ilrew•ers were at
stake, if such an assertion was suffered to pass cur-
rew.

Mr. VANSITTART said, Le was far from
bringing a general charge.—He did not wish to irn-
flicare those who were of the description the Hon.
Plember had alluded to—but certainly. it was
stmroly suspected that the practice of using Opiuni
.had commenced. It was highly necessary to check
and prevunt
Mr. PATTISON said, he wished it was in
power to give any intim:ration on the subject. He
reared it would be very ArtiliCUlt to obtain any.—
Opium was a drug so easily secreted, that nothing
was inure easy than to escape detedion. He felt
much for those Gentlemen who carried on business
fairly and honourably. Sure he was, there was no
necessity for using destructive drugs—on the contra.
ry, it was more particularly unpardonable at the
present moment—tor the ingredients used is brew-
ing were at a price which enabled the Brewerisiot
only to make a good and wholesome commodit),
Lat to d,oao at a fair profit. He wished the penalty
tOr using Opium, or Oeulus Indium, which was
equally pernicious. was extended.
Mr. VANSITTAR'I' said, the penalty was 5001.
for any drug whatever.
Mr. PATTISON wished the penalty wa 5,0001.
The resolutions were agreed to, and the report
'WE ordered to be received 4an Monday.
The Report of the Assessed Tar Bill was brought
tip, ordered to be taken into further consideration on
Monday and in the mean time printed.
The Report of the Assessed Tax Consolidation
Bill was /brought up, ordered to be taken into fur-
ther consideration on Monday se:might, and in the
mean tame printed.
Mr. ALEXANDER bronht up the Report of
the Committee of Supply, and the resolution for
granting an additional Number of Seamen was
*greed to.
Fil.roTT wiled to know whether we had
aftually 70,000 se:unen.
Sir P. STEPHEN said, we bad not quite on ma-
/lb some detachaicats of marines raisin be on illore.

••• - -
