FASHIONABLR INTIithICBNCR.

Among other distinguished fashionftbles at the TloAager Mar.
cliioneas of Salisbury'a card party on Weilneadav evening, in Ar-
lington-street. were the Marquis of Hertford, F,mily Marchioness;
of Londonderry. the Countess of Antrim, the Country' ot Charle-
villelaciounteria Hampden, Lord mid Lsdy Tnitamore. the Earl
Westmorland,W of Lori St. lielen the Vice-Chancellor, Lady
MooneEdgecunine., Sir Timms+ an:l Lady Farquhar. Si Charles
and Lady Ogle, Sir Henry Willoughby, Judy 'farmed, Sir Geo.
Warreilder, the Attnrney.General and Lady Copley, Sir Charlet.
and Mks Fldwer, Mr. and Jln. Arbuthnot, Mr. Drutnrnond, Mr.
&c.

The Countess of Essex entertained a party of the hart ton yeat.
terday evening, at her house, in Ilili-street, Berkeley-square.
Lady Owydyr entertained a select party of the haat ton on Wed-
nesday evening. at her house in Piccadilly.
Sir George Warretider, Bart. entertained a distinguished party
at dinner yesterday. at his house, Whitehall.place.

The Duke of Norfolk left town yesterday morning fur his seat,
Fornham,
The Illarquis and Marchioness of Hastings and the four Duties
Hastings and suite left the Burlington Hotel, ()Id Burlington-
street, yesterday morning, for Portsmouth, where they are ex-
pected to embark immediately for Malt*. Lord Roden left ditto
for Lincolnshire.

'1 he Earl and Countess of Hardwick and family have arrived at
their house in St. James's-square. from Brighton.
The Counties of Carbon-, pton has arrive] at her house in Bruton-
street, Berkeley-square, front her seat in hent.
Dowager Viscountess Hampden has arrived at her house in
Green-street, f Irosvenor-square.
Lord Robert Spencer has arrived at his house in Arlington-street,
from his seat, 1,1 oodbettlng, Sussex.
The Hon. Henry Arundel left town yesterday for Wardour
Cast„le.
T. W. Beaumont, Esq. 111. P. has arrived In town from a tour.
George Si:vertop Esq. has arrived at the Clarendon Hotel,
Bond-street, from Brighton.
Ale. and Mrs. Dashwood have arrived at Lord Yarborough'e, in
Arlington-street, front their seat in Lincolnshire.

On iVednesday evening, abods Ail*. his Grace
the Duke of Wellington left hie residence in Piccadilly,
to proceed on his embassy to St. Petcrahurgh, on his spe-
cial mission to the Emperor, to congratulate his Imperial
Majesty on his accession to the Throne. His Grace's car-
riage was followed by two others, in which were his Grace's
suite, consisting of Lord Fitzroy Somerset, the Honour-
able Captain Cathcart, the Duke's Aid-de-Camp, Lord
Dunglass, and Mr. Jerningham.; We understand that
Lord Francis Gower, although not in his Grace's suite,
Dr. Home, Mr. Haviland, the King's messenger, and a
German eouri• r, also accompanied him. His Grace was
to proceed to Dover, and to embark on board a steam-
packet commanded by Captain Hamilton.
Yesterday afternoon, at two o'clock, a Cabinet Council
was held at the Foreign Office, in Downing-street, which
was attended by all the Cabinet Ministers, with the ex-
ception of the Lord Chancellor and the Duke of Wel-
lington. The Council sat in close deliberation till past
four o'clock.
Yesterday afternoon the Governor and Deputy-Governor
of the Bank of England, after attending a meeting of the
Bank Directors at the Bank of England, proceeded to the
Earl of Liverpool's house in, Whitehall, where they had
an interview with the Earl of Liverpool and the Chancel-
lor of the Exchequer, after the Noble Earl and Right
Honourable Gentleman had retutued from attending the
Cabinet Council. •
Mr. Secretary Canning was prevented from attending
the cabinet dinner at the Earl 'of Westmorland's on
Wednesday. being affected by a slight cold.
The Lord Mayor entertained a large party of friends at
dinner yesterday.
The Diorama is about to re-open with two new pictures
of great variety and interest. One of there represents the
interior of Rosalyn Abbey, the other a View of the town
and environs of Rouen. The latter will give, among other
effects of light and shade, a perfect representation of the
appearance and disappearance of a rainbow, with its re-
flection in the sky and on the river.
We regret to state that the valuable salt-works of
Messrs. Croabie - -
by fire on Monda:
SPANISH •NT
to state that so
come before the
their duty to reqt
dual applications
committee, Of
notice of the commit
undeserving individL
individual subscriptions,
bare been wholly insufficien)
unobtrusive to the --
their necessities.
against deceit and _
ference to the commit
desirous of receiving
those whose attention
distress among the
twelve o'clock every
NEGRO SLAV' -
Meeting of the
was held in the k
into consideration
of Parliament earl:
to adopt prompt ar
Lion of the condit
slavery in our Wo
effect was carried
cure at various pl
THE FRENCH
a curious instance
Police of Paris. '
highest classes
meet in a hotel
This society, known
de Grammont,
sort of umbrage u.
ing had no connex,
heard that it spoke
however, a Comp-
announcd from .
and that everybod,
against a measure
and obtained a delay
and Deputies who
succeed in making
that his orders would
