*bare

I I have received Dutch Papers to the kid in-
trust The sew King of HOLLAND has already
premed himself faithful to the promise which he
gave AI arotson, to rule his kingdom in the spirit
of a French Prefest, and in obedience to the
will and pleasure of the Emperor of FRANCS.—
By a decree dated Mentz, oth instant, His MA-
OMIT has suppressed the daily Paper called The
.ietst.rd.,es Evening Jarred, and ordered that the
Editor shall newer be employed in any periodical
work —" the said Editor having spoken, its his pub.
Kudos of July 24th, in a light and unjustifiable
meaner of Governments with whom we are at
peace, and it being unlawful for any private person
to censure the Aas of different Governments other-
wise than in speech, and this entirely within his own
domestic circle."—.Here then we have the law that
is to regulate the Dutch Press clearly laid down,
as the Decree adds, that every Conductor of a
Public Print who shall violate it, shall share the
finite the Editor of The Amsterdam Earning
Jaii4 There can be no doubt, that the principles
here avowed are stridly in unison with Bon a*
e Aar a's ideas of the Liberty of the Press, and com-
prise the rim& state of slavery to which be wishes
to reduce it. It must be equally obvious, that Na.
TOLSON and brother Lours *rya that the Press of
other countries shall observe the same line of coa•
dud towards them which they have marked out for
their own Printers ; and, when we recollect the pre-
sumptuous corre.pondence of Or ro and Antraa.
our, on this subjeft, we are disposed to believe,
with almost equal confidence, that some measure.
hostile to the Liberties of the Press, is ens of the
demands of the French Government, in the pee.
scat negotiation. This we saspeaed, from the reen.
meat we read the paragraph in the foreirrpapers
of the affeded complaisance shewn to the Earl of
L A UPERDA La, in the sentence of deportation, pro-
nouiced upon ail caricatures in ridicule of Jeha
which si.ould dare to make their appearance in the
print-shops, or upon the dead walls in the City of
Paris. A mr.re ahjea state of slavery than that
ordained for the Press of Holland, never entered
into the m'nd of a D.spot to conceive. We are

1

eeneineed that if Bow LlPArri hag dared to prOpole
to bur Governtnent a single principle avowed In it,
the proposition has received a decided negativi.—
But, *e may ask, of what can goo +PART. com-
plain in the condua of the British Press ? It may
be said, without Tacky or selfishness, that there
never was a time when it was concluded with more
delicacy. moderation, and propriety. The Amc•
titan Press, in its abase of this country, has known
Ito bounds but the limits of the writer's fancy. Ever
since the death of the American seaman, by an :mei-
dental shot from the Louder, in the fair exercise Of
our maritime rights, the American Press has over-
flowed with the bitterest rancour against England.
And what tat been the conduß of the Press of this
country! It has not been provoked by these trans-At-
lactic libels into ads of retaliation-4i harsh expres.
sion against America. is scarcely to be found in the
columns of an English newspaper. As to the con-
tinent of Europe, every man must acknowledge,
that the conduct of Prussia has afforded a wide
and ample field for political observatiun and pub-
lic censure; and yet. except at the moment of Mr.
Fox's spirited answer, the cold, narrow, and per-
fidious policy of Prussia, has almost passed in the
public prints withiu. animadversion. It has been
confused, as is ng Louts would limit the Li-
berty of the Press. to speech, in our domestic eir-
cl7i, to the couversati In of the fire-side.—lndeed,
the tyranny exercised by France upon the other
Continental States, has disarmed that resentment
which the errors of some. and the pusillinamity of
others, were calculated to provoke.—They have
been more pitied than condemned by the News-
papers. If ever, then, the Press was entitled to
praise for moderation and propriety, it is at the
present moment.—Considering Hoo•ta era a de-
termined and inveterate enemy of the Liberty of
the Press. we are inclined to think that he is
disappointed and vexed at its coned contlud.
He would be pleased to see it indulge in every kind
of Licentiousness. as he might hope to find a pre-
tence for his interference. It is only in the case of
souse outrageous abuse of it that he could exited
any proposition upon the suhjed could be listened
to for a moment by our Government. With this
view of the Cast, we cannot avoid looking with
doubt and suspicion upon some articles which
ocamicinally appear in some of the Papers. reAeding
personally upon BON AAAAAA . We lately noticed
two of this description r a letter from Admiral
Vtttoonotra. and as accosot of the tortures in-
SAM epos Captain .V,sear, in the Temple. The
writers of there articles are French Emigrants, who
contrive to ohtain credit for the sincerity of their
batted of Bonxe airs, by a lamentable detail of
the looses which they have sustained by the
revolution. They may be in their hearts good
haters of Be a, but they do not shew it in
the most judicious and efficient way. by these literary
effusions. To be constantly upbraiding Bow A-
with the means by which he rose to his pre-
sent elevation. is. in the eye of the enlightened and
philosophic, praise, and not reproach. The more
humble his origin, and the narrower his means,
the mere merit may he claim in raising himself to
his present elevation. To represent his relatives, and
nearest and dearest conneftions, as the most vicious
of mankind, if the charge were founded in
fad, might answer a legitimate purpose. If
the characters were fairly drawn, the people of
France must despise their Ruler, and he must lose
all the strength to be derived from their affection
and esteem ; but in these stories of Bow AP•RTN, the
people of France recognize only monstrous carica-
tures. lastead of exc;ting hatred against Bow
A ,they make the Writer an (died of disgust.
Besides, al we demonstrated upon several occasions,
these emigrant tales carry about them evidence
of falsehood. These monstrous and extravagant
stories, can impose upon stone but the most ig-
norant and stupid part of the society. Every dis-
cerning mind sees them as they really are, impudent
and barefaced fabrications. Such writings may
bring scandal upon the British Press. but they can-
sot take a single acre from the dominions of Bow a.
'AIM or alienate the affection of a single soldier.
They may,on the coat ram furnish a pretence for com-
plaint against the liberty of the British Press, and aid
that disposition which he has more than once evinced
to interfere with it. Far be it from us to assert
that they are actually written for this purpose.—
Some loyal emigrants. stung by adversity, may
feel consolation in every thing that may irritate
and degrade a man whose success is the consum-
mation of their misfortunes; but, on the other hand,
a secret Agent. in the confidence of 800 •PAltri,
could not promote his designs against the Linny of
the Press, more effectually, than by affording ground
to complain of its extravagance and licentious-
ness.

The confused accounts from the Neapolitan ter-
ritories do not enable us to ascertain the extent of
the disasters suffered by the enemy in that quarter•
It is evident, that the whole of the country is in a

state of insuireaiud, ilnd that the 11ra:eh ate ea•
tremely perplexed b' the frequency and diversity
of the attacks which are made upon them. The
sanguinary MkSOLNA is now larancitsg against the
Calabrians with the whole of the French force, and
we anticipate from him much horrible and wide-
spread military eiecutioa.
We have received New York papers to the '2oth
of July 1 but they do not inriiisls a single artii;i:: of
news. The trial of the persons implicated with
Idia•No• comrneisced at New York, before the
Circuit Court of the United Slow, on the 15th of
July. Several of the principal Officers of the
American Government had been subpasnad as wit-
nesses on behalf of the Defendants, Messrs. OOCLN
and Sastre ; but had refused to attend the Court.
The trial excited much interest, and was expeded
to last several weeks.
—...---.

Mr. Lt Louse s, the messenger, set of last night
from the Admirdlcy, r►ith (I:Snatches for Plymouth.
They are supposed to relate to the return of
Jammu Son•raaTis squadron from the West
Indies.

No Messenger had arrived, at a
niglst, from France.

The expedition still remains at Plymouth, detain-

winds.

The Funds rose yesterday. but we believe the
improvement was the result of the orslinary opera-
tions of the market.
eater---mwrt-wo

Yesterday, a Court of Diredors was held at the
East India House, when Captain ROGCRS was
sworn into the command of the ship General Stuart,
consigned to Madras and Bengal. The Court ad-
journed at six o'clock till Wednesday next.
The Eaterpri:e, Nawett, from the River Plata,
for London, put into Bermuda on the 28th June.
leaky.
The Venitse,ELDlUDet, from New York, for Mar-
tinique ; and the Harriett, —, from St. Martin%;,
for Newhaven, are detained and sent into Bermuda.
The Tourlerelle frigate arrived off Bermuda, on
the 27th June. with five sail of transports, under
convoy, from Bermuda.
The Drit Irieireders, Vocietts, from London,
for }lambed, •put into Harlingen, leaky, and is
seized there.
Mr. NALDIII, the City Marshal, is roe to Ire-
land. in pursuit of Daniel:, the lam deck, that lately
fled from the Stock Exchange.
A letter from Trinidad, dated Jane 15, says :
a By an arrival from Barbadoes, I am informed,
though not officially, that a treaty has been entered
into by Admiral Cocoa aaa with General Mt Raw o•.
And that one article of it specifies, that British ves-
sels and goods shall be admitted into all the ports
of South America, they paying ten per cent. less
duty than the vessels or goods of any other nation,
which amounts almost to a total prohibition. On
this account. they agree to supply him with every
thing neaessary, to almost ensure the success of the
expedition."
The Marquis of HARTINGTOW, eldest son of his
Grace the Duke of DavoissnißE, paid iiis first visit
to the family estate, at Londesbro', in the vicinity
of Market-Weighton, Yorkshire, on Thursday last,
and, we understand, exp d himself highly gra-
tified by its situation; and his intention to make it
a permanent residence, as soon as he comes of age.
The Marquis is now in his 17th year. On Saturday
forenoon he *et off again for York, and afterwards
dined at Castle Howard. the seat of the Earl of
C•ILLISLI.
A circumstance has occurred within these few
days, which has caused much conversation in the
City. A geatleman in a public office wrote a letter
to Lord --, in which he accused a Noble
Earl conne&ed with the administration of spe-
culating is the Funds. As his signature and place
of addles' were affixed to the letter, Lord —.-
desired an interview with the gentleman, which
was readily complied with. His Lordship re-
minded the writer of the seriousness of the
charge, and said it could not possibly be true, that
the Noble Earl would be guilty of the fag al-
leged against him, and requested to know if the
gentleman would avow what he had stated in the
presence of the Noble Earl. The writer replied he
certainly would; upon which the door at an adjoin-
ing room was thrown open, and the Noble Earl
entered. the gentleman persisted in his done.
and mentioned the names of his Lordship's Brokers.
The Noble Earl was very much incensed, and told
the gentleman that he would write to the DireZtion
in which he was employed, to have him dismissed,
and that he would also give orders to the ArTo R-
at v-Geseaat to commence a prosecution against
him.
On Saturday se'nnighr, nineteen Irish emigrants
arrived in Exeter from Plymouth, who were con-
veyed gratis in Mr. Bosom's waggon, and were
totally destitute of food or the means to procure it ;
they were brought a few days before to Plymouth
from Brest, having been prisoners thew about a
month, where they met with good treatment; they
consisted of two men, seventeen women, and seven
children, and were sailing in a vessel bound for
Newfoundland, and captured by a French frigate.
Mr. Pramual., the superintendant cf the Bristol
warehouses, observing their deplorable condition,
humanely interested himself for them, made a col.
leSion. and received a sufficient donation from the
Chamber of Exeter and several charitable persons, to
afford them comfortable temporal y reiief ; and on
Monday, they were forwarded, gratis, by Mr.
Hawes waggon for Bristol, with a visor of sending
them back to Ireland, their native counti y.
We are sorry to state that Sir JACOB AlITLev. in
company with his brother-in-law, Mr. PRATT, re.
awing. on Saturday last from Norwich w Roy-
ston-hal, had the misfortune to be thrown from ors
corricle, by which accident he broke our of Lis
tt.ighs. Mr. Parr escaped unhurt.
