TN[ LION.

A Forentine Nobleman had a mule so exceeding-
ly vicious, as to be altogether ungovernable, from its
kicking and biting every person that approached it.
He ordered it to be turned into the court of his
menagerie, and a lion to be let loose upon it. The
lion roared aloud where he first observed the animal,
but the mule, without seeming at all alarmed, ran
into a corner of the coon, and so placed herself, that
she could only be attackrd is the rear. In this situ-
ation she waited the onset, at the same time watch-
ing with the greatest attention all the motions of
her adversary. The lion, aware of the difficulty.
used all his an. but to no purpose, to throw her off
her guard. At last, the mule, seizing a favourable
opportunity, gave him such a salute, in the face,
with her bind feet, as to beat out eight or ten of his
teeth; and to compel the animal to retire to his
Lodge, without making any further attempts to seize
upon her, and thus leaving her in quiet possession of
the field.--Vesege d usa l'Afelits Occidentals, for La-
has, vol. u. p.
It is a vulgar error, that the lion is alarmed at the
crowing of a cock. He is, however, said to be
frightened at the aplearancc of serpents near him.
Srnne of the Moors, induced by this notion, when
they are pursued by a lion, are said occasionally to
loose their turban entirely cut, and wave about the
twisted linen, so as to make it appear like a serpent.
The Sieur Frejus, in his Trarelb in 11Iauritamn,
in-
forms us, that this will always have the desired
die& of driving the animals away.
The natural- disposition of the lion is universally
allowed to have more of magnaaimity and contempt
far imerior enemies, than that cf most other large
and prcearory animals. 111:s has induced many
persons to relate wonderful, and, in some ir.stances,
altogether incredible stories rc.7;seeling this royal
beast. A Jacobin Monk of Versai.l:l„ says the Pere
Isi.h.g in slavery at hlequirrea, resolved,
with a tomianion. to attempt his escape. They
g.st out of their prison, and t-zsi during the
night only, to a coasiderable distance, resting
in the woods by city, ani hidin' themselves
amongst the Lushes. At the end of the second
night they :a ;I- to a pond. This was the first
water they l.ad seen since their escape, and of

r: MORI :4 • "4"4/r.r.•

course they appre idled it Kit!' great eagerness ;
but. when they were at a little distance from the
bank, they observed a lion. After some consulta-
tion, they agreed to go up to the animal, and sob-
m;ssively to implore his pity : accordingly, they
kneeled before the beast, and, in a mournful tone
related their misfortunes aad miseries. The lion,
as they told the story, seemed affeard at the rela-
tion, and withdrew to some distance from the water.
This gave the boldest of the men an opportunity of
going down to the pond, and filling his vessels,
whilst the other continued his lamentable oration.
They afterwards both passed on their way before
the lion, which made no attempt whatever either to
injure or molest thou. The story, as thus related
by two superstitious old monks, is too ridiculous to
obtain any credit, as to the motives which induced
the animal to such a mode of conduit. It, how-
ever, may be considered to rest on a better founda-
tion, when it is observed, that the lion might have
had his appetite fully satisfied previously to their
appearance, and, at that moment, have been tco in-
dolent to attempt to injure them. His retiring at
the relation of their story, was, no doubt, to suit his
own convenience only, thus interrupted as he was
by the wanderers.
The Moors use the skin of the lion as quilts for
their beds. It is said to have the remarkable pro.
perry of keeping rats or mice out of any room where
it is deposited, for a considerable length of time after
it is taken from the animal.

REVIEW
OF THE ARTILLERY COMPANY AND RWER

FENCI FILES.

The Hon. Artillery Company paraded early on
Wednesday morning, the Yagers and the Artillery
Gunners and field-pieces attached, and proceeded to
the 'Power.
The River Fencibles, under the command of
Commodore Lucas, had been previously mustered,
and wet e, with all their gun and troop-boats ready
to embark therein, which they did in very quick
time, and good order; and, at eight o'clock, the
flotilla being teady, dropped down the River to-
wards Greenwich, saluting the King's ships as they
passed. They landed, as intended, to be formed in
two divisions, and passed through Greenwich Park
to that part of Blackheath near the Huntsman and
Hounds, where they halted. One field-piece and a
party of Yagers were attached to each division.
Colonel Le Mesua ICI{ had just put them through
the first motions, when the Earls of Hasa stroxos
and PE r es!. All, and a numerous Staff, came on the
ground under a grand salute and discharge of the
great guns; and taking their stations in front, the
divisions were exercised as opposing columns, and
went through evety manoeuvre with quickness and
precision. The ease with which the great guns
were wheeled to the different flanks, as the mantru-
vres required, and the alertness of the Yagers, was
the mist conspicuous. The whole proved them-
selves a fine body of min, and deserving the en-
comiums so liberall:, bestowed on them by all pre-
sent. A handsome collation was provided for them
before they re-embarked, which they did between
three and four, and disembarked at the Tower, a
little after six o'clock, under a discharge of fourteen
gums. The time of the afternoon, and the tremen-
dous report of the guns, excited the curiosity of many
persons, who, thinking wine important news had
arrived, flocked to the Coffee-houses to gain intelli-
gence, and returned as they came.
