70 rim EDITOR OF TIM lIIIITINIT PRESS.

. . _
.._
SIR, —When the passion of men are ao, Rated.' whatever ve,Vne
cause of their exciteuteitt, it hof reef eras seed to appeal int"liir
reason. llowevm misled or deceived they ince be, you outlet wait
ti:l their heath are cool, before you can hope to addisms yourself to
them with ant sheers.. Now th it the onfortianam rage for Nikk-
i/ g of power-looms has subsided, those who were profememily if,
'worn enemies of mach:otos!, from the mistaken persuasion that it
threw them oto of emp'ovnient, and was the emote of ill their die-
treat. are at leisure 'o toren to the better-informed among that order
of the community to which they bitiong, tool luberomeconvissadt-
' na on mature retleetioo they must be,—that all the niechanicat ini-
; provenients and inventions for the saving of labour, ate eVentaidlly
as beneficial toi the working elm... x ea to the capitilials, and that
' they never niece such etflictual war upon themselves as when tbey
rim against their employers.
A retrospective stew is taken. in the New Amoral Roglistar
( IRIB), of some of the must important opplicatiotis of Nutted
l'ltilneophy and Chynnstry to all the comforts, accommodations,
nod luxuries of life, within the laid half lento/7, It being ivi:birr
i that period that the productive power, of labour have been no
astonishingly multiplied by the discoveries of science. It is trolly
effirnied, that among the mast efficient causes of the wealritof this
country is the imme.taa saying of labour in its manurfachires, pro.
doted by the introdur ion sad improvement of the &cam Engine.
against the agency of which so mooch destructive enmity bas re-
cently been let loose. This mighty instrument of power, by which
one of the most extraordinary and tremendous agents of Nature is
made subservient to the will, and conducive to the benefit, of moo.
was indeed known tn. and suggested towards the oho of the seven-
teenth century by, the Alarquis of tl'orcester, in his " Century of
Inventions=" but it is to the ened.cation of delimits! knohledite
principally that the• atram er.gine of our day is indebted foy lea.
oontlerfol powers. lie. Bleak justly characterizes thin enginotaa
the master-piece of human akdl, and no less justly observes that
it has not been " the production of a chance observation, hot she
result of deep thought and reflection, aed really a present by 4410-
lasophy to the Arts., ' , e.
It is not aloes the cotton manufacture in all its branches, whetter
of spinning or weaving. that its. been brought to its present auttletlf
eeheit and improvement by the application of steam : More*
scarcely one of the various manufactures tor which this emeneryita
so distinguished, a^d by which it has been so enriched' that time
tun reaped inealeulable advantages from this wonderful e
la atenther respect it hex contributed to tie advancement of
manufactures, by rendering the attainmen( of that arfiele aiii
more easy and cafe. without winch the steam engine itself would
be thelesit;—l allude to its application to the keeping of coal
oil
mines free from water. ..:
Contemplate the advantages that most be derived is tornneerth
from eitearn Navigation ! Do we find sailors complair lag that adds
and oars are superseded? No tomb thing, for they benefit eery
way by the improvement. Did we ever find plGkehmrn objectipit
to the introduction of horse labour ? No ; for their situation is. its
all respects, bettered, and the demand for thcir labour has increased
with the profits of stock, while they share, equally with the rest of
the community, in the benefit of inereaited protlitee.
To forbid, by force, the employment of machinery. Is in fatt ieit
redid the progress of science, to oppose the advancement of di.
fume% mind, and to reduce men by degrees to the otiteesitylif
becoming beanie of burden—to force them to be "hewers of-wood
and drawers of water." But there is too ranch good sense in The
labouring classes of this kingdom to permit thtir being long tided
as to their true interests, and there is good reason to hope from 'ap-
pearances that every de? is bringing them nearer to a true mode of
thinking, and that those who have exerted themselves.lo diosemi-
nate sounder opinions upon this important subject have not laboured
in yaiu. dl E RCA TOIL

TO THE EDITOR OF TNEBRITISH PRISS

MAY 24, 182 -
Ma. EDITOR—AI the public mind has been long engaged en
the subject of Negro Entaocipation, and the' difficulties attached
to tt, I am induced to submit to your consideration a few observa-
tions upon the subject, as the Abolitionists have lately published
their Annual Report, by which It appears that the Slave Trade by
Increased under the measures hitherto pursued. The Abolitionists
of Great Britain appear determined on carrying forward the rent
moral feeling of justice and humanity, for which purpose they
may be said to have canvassed the country, from the numerous pe-
titions to Parliament on the subject, to which his Majesty's
nisters have ever shown the respect due to public opinion, but feet
embarrassed how to obtain the object without cointnitting great hi-
justice to another description of persois, as not only the abet-
lition of the slave trade, but slavery itself in required. It
'multi have been wise to have obtained the first before the
seeord was brought forward, as it would have removed Many
difficulties that attend it : by confOunding the two, we nak Mi.
Matins to do an act of moral justice, but commit, at the same time,
a flagrant political injustice, in the depredation (I may say, anni-
hilation) of personal tamper y. I am led to this obserntion Irene the
in•camerate measures of my. friends in Parliament, who tailt*.af
coercion—a measure of great danger in these times, arid would
create a feeling of disloyalty in tne sufferers, who eve snerounded
by nation( who would know how to profit by it. Thispatidn May
not be. so unanimous, as it is said to be, in the mean. preposed7to
abolish Slavery, try submitting to a specific tax, for the peteposhet
indemnifying the planter tor, his loss, mil the mortgagees in•Engs
land for theirs, as most of the estates in the West Indies are deeply
iodebted to merchants here. It would be much better If the Bouts
of Commons did not receive any petitions on this subject, extent
the subscribers affixed to their names a sum subscribed for tha pm.
pose, to form a fund for indemnity to the planters and °theme. this
walla likewise do away with the imputation that the petitions are
cb /titled by influence or threats, and that the signatures, nine out
of ten, are these of painters, school-boys, orinfleenced persons.—
thus their petitions would verify their assertions of the respectabia
lity of the subscribers. I have. annually subscribed my mite for
many years, with the hope that something rational might be adopt.
ed ; but I cannot consent to plunder one desc iption of persons to
forward the views of another. If half the number said• td have
signed these petitions had attached to their nam a a small Minn sad
the amount been paid into the Bank, it would have formed s runt!
equal to the [remand immure. This ism very equitablemode, wbidh
would move the 'inebriety of the petitioners In their novitiate of
the public interest in their measures. Petitions without tuttetnip-
(ions are Mere verbiage, and would throw the whole °nue upon
Minaters, who have never urged the question, and do not feet
justified i.t taxing the country for such purpose. They have'bean
g.nerously-liberui already to abolish the Slave Trade, and man
regret to find it worse than ever, and that the memtres pursued for
twenty years have not only proved feeble and anemia' to the at-
tempt. but have entailed another unforeseen expense. that of trlair_
brining the car tired negroes, to the amount of 18,000, who are at
Sierra Leone, idle. The Government must be sick of this, -when so
many at home are in want of the necessaries of life. Surely some
means of employment may be found for them, to render them use•
fut. Cannot the Commercial Marine employ them o—the India
Company, instead of those miserable Lonnie who disgrace our
streets. The late Lord St. Vincent always said they were good
salon!: the navy c told take many, and the army the rest. See
what mortality there is in our regiments in hot countries, which the
employment of negroes would save ; or as piotsee e, working bab-
talions, or any thing to repay the country its expense. It waif said
In Parliament. by Ministers, that Sierra Leone was kept as an ex-
periment of the pr posed advantages to be derived from the aboli-
tion of the Slave Trade. Surely twenty-five years' great expendi-
tura of life and money must make the Govertunent sick nf coon-
ruing the experiment, and &shims of finding them employment
elsewhere in healthier situations. It would appear as if some denim
presided over Africa, that paralyzes all our efforts to render it use-
tul, either to the ncgroea we have protected or to Great Ilititaia.
May our Ministers possess wisdom and energy enough to civilize
Africa, for its happiness and England's prosperity !—its commerce
will amply repay eteni all their expense and trouble, and the alit—
litionist hod in civilization his object effectually obtained and
secured. alay the British Government have that honour ! is the
wish of HUU ANITAB.

An excellent field of coal has been discovered on the
lands of Chartershall, in the immediate vicinity of Stirling,
after a long and expensive search on the part of Sir Arch.
bald Etln.onrtone, superior and proprietor of the minerals
on the above lands. The coal is said to be,of the very best
quality.—Colamian Mereotrp.
On Tuesday, Samuel Fletcher, a sailcloth weaver, at
present in the employment of Messrs. Ntaberly and Co..
leaped over the old bridge of Dan, into the river, a height
of about AO feet. Within two seeonds aft( r his fall he
rose to the surfic.i of the water, anti swam ashore amid the
acclamations of all present.—.-lbeellee.s Journul.
A meeting of the creditors of Marsh, Stracey, and Co.,
took plows on Monday, at the Court of Comasessiouere of Bank-
ruptcy,, fur the purpose of obtaining the assent of the creditors to
&deed of settlemeot tratielty H. Fauntleroy, inidarch ltin,.and foe
other purposes. The meeting was very thinly attended. Mr. Gordon.
solicitor to the assignees, stated that the object of this deed et settle-
ment was to invest, in the funds, for the benefit of Anna M. Forbes, a
sutu of 2,0801. ; the dividend,. to be paid to her during Monte, and
after her decease, in trust for the two daughters of Anna Maria
Forbes, in such meaner as she should direct. This Nom, in ton.
sequence of accuottdation, at present amounted to 2.03601. Mee.
Forbes having lately applied fur a part of the d:sidends, and the
assignees cot feeling themselves warranted in acting- without the,
consent of the creslitots. they had celled the present meeting. itt
order that the coeditors might consent .to are application to the
Chancellor for the purpose. Mr. Fauntleroy war perteetly aware,
some time before his trial took place, that this deed mold be an.
milled. The assignees applied to him jai order to lave some
assignments, which, if not (flirted, would. uu his conviction, he
forfeited to the Crown. To this he assented, on conetaiontare the
.
assignees • ' deed forfeited foe
promised
intonate of
amount of
.tie et die
konour
