IMPERIAL PARLIeIMEIVT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Wswjrso.►Y, JUNE 27.

Their Lordships at at tea o'clock to hear Appeals.
Appellunt ; Haaa, Respondent.
This was an appeal from the Court of Statiuu, Scotland.
Judgment of the Court below reversed.

H [Dal N OTOIII, Appellant; WOGAN, Respondent.
This was au Appeal Guar the decision of the Exchequer
Chamber (Irelaud.) It appeared that the late Master of the
Rolls fur Ireland, Juba Fltilpot Curran, Esq. appointed the
Appellant as Deputy Master of the Rolls, and the Re.
spondent was appointed to the same situation by the resew
Master of the Rolls, Sir W. 111•Mahoto. Kart. uu his cumin
into office. The Court below decided iu favour of the latter
appuiatimeut.
Mt. Wetherell was beard as Counsel fur the Appellant.
Further arguaneut puel whet,.
Earl TA LBO r took the oaths and his seat.

Sir George Clerk sad other Members of the Howie of
Commons brought ap •be Nary Property Boll; the Slieerursis
Lando Bill ; the Prisoners Rescue Bill; the Revenue (Ire.
land) [aqui' y Bill ; and the Jersey and Guerusey Trade BO: ;
which were severally read a first time.
Sir W. Lemon iud ii her Members of the House of
Commons brought up the Dartmoor Railway Bill, with a
ultimate that that House hail agreed to the Ameudateuts of
their Lordships.
The Charitable Land. Ex:hinge Rill was reported from
the Committee, will Amendments, which were agreed 10.
The Gaol Fees Orel/milt Bill was read a second time.
Ou the Woollen Cloth Stamping Bill betas proposed to be
read a al CIOIId

The Eol of MA BEWOOD said, he rose to oppom it, as
be cuesidered the Bill would act injuriou.l% to the stoogeu
trade in poem', and also Ott the agricultural illirfellid of
the muinstry. He was of opinion that it had nut received
that comnderaituu iu the tattier Hittite of Parliament which
it was entitled ;he tbesefore gave Ounce, that he would
oppose the 801 l to ore of its lather maces, lie would uut
now oppose the word reading, ass its passing through that
stage did nut pledge their Lordships to Carry It tutu a law.
The Bill was this read a secoud time.
The Malt Doges (Scotland) Ball, the Distilleries (Scotland)
Rego!allots Ball, the Stork Transfer (Ireland) Ball, arid lIIC
Coads.ms Dunes Bill went through a 0.14111111113., and were
reported wi.huut soy amendment.

EMPLOYM ENT OF THE POOR.
The Willing of LA NSDOWN presented • Petition from
an indirtito.sl of the online of Janos Gurney, • resident of I
the Kilter County. in Ireland, praying that the plan he had
proposed tutilit be adopted for the employment of the p.ior.--
Laid on the table.
Ou the minims of the Earl of LIMERICK, the London
Wharves Bill W4O committed •od reported WllllOlll a•y
ame•dtreat, WWI ordered to be read the third time u• Friday I
neat.

kir. °shortie, lawn the Commiasiotters of Marvite liar.
hoer, preaeated the *usual report of the COMM liolaVLlCf
Laid ou the table....Arljeurued.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, WIUNCIDAY, Jog, 27.
The Coasting Trade Bill was read the third time, and
pmaid.
irbit Warehousing of Goods Bill was reported, and ordered
:Sake read the third time to•morrow.
' The Collectors of Customs (Ireland) Bill went through the
Committee, and was ordered to be reported to mono..
The Sheentees Lauds Bill, and the Navy Property Bill
were read the third time, and petard.
The Acetone Acid mid braining Tiles Bill went 'brooch
the Committee, end was ordered to be reported to-irii.rn•w.
The Report of the Mohair Bounties Bill was hioughi sir
and agreed to, and the Bill ordered to be read the thud time
to-morrow.
lard MILTON rave notice, that on the third reading of
the Husbandry Hone Duties Repeal Bill he should move a
;Haulm to prevent the surcharging of persons who occasion-
ally let nut horses which they kept for husbandry on bile fur
• the purpose of thawing cools.
Tar Report of (be Logan Spirits Duties BM was brevet
Agitad agreed woad (he Bill ordered to be read (Le third
time to•murrow.
The Isle of Man Act Amendments Bill went 'breath the
Committer, and was ordered to be reported to mutny,.
~..The Hops Exportaticn Dna/back sod the Dry..paid'
Elospital Bill weal through the Committee. and Mr tumor
was ordered to be reported trnmorrnw ; the latter was slier.
wards reported, and ordered to be read the third time to-
morrow.
The Report of the Select Committee on the Prison Laws
Consolidation Bill was bruin:hi up and ordered to lie mitr-
ed, and to be taken into further consideration this day t'.ree
months
Mr. HUM E presented a Petition from several Mar ket Gar-
deners of the Parishes of Kensington and Fulham, prasie‘
that horses employed by them may be included in the Hus.
baud', Horse Duties Repeal Bill.—Lard on the table.
Mr. H. G. BENNETT presented a Petition from t'e
Protestant Disseuters of lb. Presbytenin Coineregana-,
prayiag that marriages by their owe Ministers may be leg..
!eased in the same stammer as those of Jews, Quakers, and
Roman Catholics.
Dr. PHILLIMORE rose to notice m. insceurary on the
part of the Pet:nouns. The Ht/Mlllll Catholics enjoyed
such privilege ns was stated; but, on the culinary, we.e
uhligr it to he remarried built according to the forms of their
own Church,, mad also by a Minister of the Established
Church, whets was often productive of go eat hardship.
Me. H. G. BENNETT said, certainly the Petitioners hal
bent led into air error by supposing a greater degree of tole-
ration toeingt than, to the disgrace of the couotry, ass ac-
tually the case.
The Ppluiou win ordered to he printed.
Mr. C. CALVERT pre:sewed a Petition from • person
named George White, who had been for several yeami a eon-
fidesiti•l messenger to the late Mr. Pitt; seveutems years
Sus veyur of Taxes at Uxbridge, aid three years in a ,terirlar
situation at Kensington, consplainisig that for having meeii
laureation in urger to Kenai mal-practices in she
of the revenue, be had beru looked nposi as an rata", and
meddling person, and discharged from his situ/Alio.. its the
year 181 g; since which period he Lad been in vain ?min-
'oaring to get his front the Tax Office, fur want
which lie 'show in the Ktug's Beach Prison in a state ni
aggravated misery. He prayed that his ease earth, h.,
inquired into, mid that the House would take measures far
the nobelium of those abirees, which he Lad po d out nn
the Owiteetiow of the revenue.—Ordered to he ms the tab:a.
The Prisoners Rename Bill was read the third lime a1..1
pollard.
Mr. S. RICC mond for copies of all lettere addressed tan
the Irish Governirient bye the Barons of the Courts of Ex.
chequer in Ireland, relative to the Report of She C 0,,.,,,,..
sinners of luquiry tutu the Courts of J amine ILI Inland
Ordeied.
The Stock Cancelling Bill west through the Committee,
and was ordered to be reported to-morrow.
The East India Private Trade Bill went through the Corn.
mince.
. A short conversation ensued is the Committee sin the ge-
neral principles of free trade, and on the competitioir b.-
tweet, the East mid West India Sneers, in which Mr. Hume,
Mr. H. G Bennett, the Chancellor of the Exclieliser, Mr.
Baring, Mr. Hensel, Mr. Bright, bird Biuning,
Smith, and (Ir. Canning, took a part.
After which the House gemmed.
The Report was ordered to be received to-morrow.
AGRICULTURAL COMMITTEE.
A Message was delivered from the Lord., reqnesting a
upy of the Report of the Committee on Agriculture.
Ou the motion of Mr. ROBINSON, the Messengers wen.
Wormed that the House should scud the Report by taste
own Messengers.
Lord A. HAMILTON rave notice that he should monn
to-morrow for the lopes' of certain obouxiousclareses to tile
Bill fur regulating Blewestes, passed ma the 19.11 Apr.l.
EDINBURGH STAMP OFFICE.
Mr. iiUMfi rose, tit putsuitnee of notice, to Itrieg
this question under the nittsition of ihe hoot,
From some papers which land Levi lately laid upo I
the sable, Gentlemen would be better enithled to
understand the transaction. This was a case whiel
would skew the dispo.itioi. of Almisters iu ansall is
well as great Matter*, to extend their influence,
rather than attend to the substuntial itthentages
the public. lie held um his hand a paper (octant.
dug furly folio leiges, being a corresponds:awe to-
tween the Treao.ury and other Departments or ti
Governmeotr on a transvetion iu ahich the Trea-
sury had little or nothing to du. It &pillared that,
for the better accommodation of the Stamp Office,
tt became necessary that they should look out f
a large building, and accordingly chreelintie were
Riven to that effect by the Treasury to Mr. Led-
wych, Clivirman of the Board. He presented a
letter upon the 25 li Apiil, orating that he cot.ld
plot:etre a roper building (Dombreck's H tel) rat
St. Andrew's-square, fur the sum of 7,400/. and
with the advantage of immediate occupation.
However, the Treasisty permitted private it.-
fluetice to iiiterfere, and they gave their sans-thus
to the building of a new Swop-office, at a pl.re
called Regerit's Bridge. This appeared to him to
be one of the Kiri/seat jobs that ever *NS practiesd.
anti attUrded a striktog proof %hit there was no
pulsdc tut asure whatsoever In which plicate man..
nice did oast interfere. According to the usual
cu•tuin, Mr. Reed, the public architect, should
have been employed in the building, but instead of
that, the Honourable Baronet (Sir J. Marjuri-
batiks) had got his own architect, Mr. Lorin.
UlOre, appointed. held in his hand a very
able letter born Mr. Reed, pointing out the
defects of the building. The rooms were quite
dark, u large space was left behind. ogaiimt which
a house might have been built, and the windows
Clot up, which had since hero purchased at a Con-
Selotrills :eel, et Xsp,tct.tisist7.oi,,i
uasttis
clan built ui a must iii-
ofiisle for the tu:iverrience of the inhabitants of
LA,6.4d0il urge built at Ll'inteeliapel. Tire HOu.
.thelltlessmil twat adverted, as another inststice of
private influence. to the ulnae of trinientitthig the
set-emir tiom Scutlaud. His Hoa. Fritud, tit.

..

:7

I

fiTe&ier for Ahing•lon (11r. Moberly) bed offered
It) tru,,nroll in twenty ditys what before took forty.
tett, the Cii incellor of the Exchequer, being a good.
entered kutd of mot, as he always was, consented
to &vide the doff-rence with the man who held the
ri u vten, and rug aged he should transmit it in 90
clays ; and the coi.sequence was, that the loss to the
public of the interest of the money, occasioned by
t'oin delay, aaa no less a sum than 18,0001. a-year.
—(Fleoi, hear.)—lt appeared that the building of
the new Stamp Office, including the various ex.
Lenses, would amount to .14,00014 whereas tlient
could have had one ready built, with much greater
a Isaioages, for the sum of 7.400/. Fle knew that
it was an invidious task to bring fnrward charge.
aeaing an individual, hut if the facts of the case
o tech he stated were true, his vise was mode out,
sect he rested open thee, careless of what might be
fud, slid he called upon the House boldly to ex-
press a condemnatory opinion of the whole trans-
action and the prrso a concerned in it. 'Flue lion.
Gentleman concluded by moving the following Re-
• :
Thai it appears In this House, from certain papers re.
IV.IIVC ill the bitilding of a new Stamp Office in Edinburgh,
shun mitrh irregularity had taken place iu the transaction,
pall tirolarly in the selection of the &Risottos, sad the ap.
r.inteneni the Surveyor and in proceeding with the huild.
ing without contract, mill also in releasing Sir J. Wrier'.
levik• from his engagement about the piece of ground
b hind the builditsg, thereby incerriug an expense, and
s‘itetioning a principle Itigh4 injurious to the public."
Sir J. MARJOKIBA NES said he hoped the House
hail entertained a higher opinion of him than to
. gise credit to all the charges brought against him,
tlio, perhaps tl;e praise which the Hon. Gentleman
(11r. llome) had lately received fur his attention
I!. the public accounts had induced him to bring
forward charges against private individuals. The'
Mrs. Ba•011et then proceeded to explain the trams-
str.'tlon. lie had the right of appointing an indisia '
dual, and having known the Gentleman alluded
t•'. moll considering, him a very proper per.on for
the situatien, ited hawing a desire to serve him. he
desired the budder to send in his estimate for build-
lug the Stamp Office, and he should forward it to
Beard. Ile did so accordingly, and he luaus.
fettled it to the Treasury. Ile stated a number of
local circumstances to justify the choice made fint
the situation of the new Stamp Office. It was'
hew the Play-house and the Register Office, two.
places of much resort among the Inhabitants
of Edinburgh. He contended that the new build-
tug would cost less by 300/. than the expense which
would nave been incurred by purchasitig Dern-
breekts hotel, which had been offered fur the pure
pose. lie would be less surpoived if on his way
belie he were to be taken into custody by a watch.
teen, than at having this matter brought forward
*A a charge against him. it happened to him once
(;hough it was scarcely to be expected of a mao of
11:0 figure) to be pressed at Dover. Perhaps they
' tiosin.,lit to have got money from him, but they
should have known that Scotchinen did not sw
rosily part with their money. The accident was
n it snore surprising to loin than the charge against
lb.iu on the present motion. He argued against
the pertinacity of the Edinburgh Stamp Commis.
stoners in preferring Duruhreek's hotel. He con-
tended, in reply to other observations of the Hon.
Centletiorn, that the Scottish Bankers derived
ir pecuniary profit from remitting the revenue of
Scotland. He concluded by lamenting the Ire-
fluency of attacks in that House of late on private
ieiaracter. He instanced a lamentable case its
%tech a gallant officer, who had been wounded iu
tile service, was charged with making a false re.
Dart, by which imputation his fortune, his fame,
Lied hi- life were put in jeopardy.—(•t Name,mome!"
from the Oppositiou Benches.)
Lord A. HAIIIIILTOU was sorry that the Hon.
Baronet hail mixed I self up with the subject at
a!l. He denied the peculiar convenience of the site
.elected fur the new office. He wished to know of
the Chancellor of the Exchequer why there had
been no contract, no estimate, and no surveyor on
the ccession. The job had gone on under the
protecting influence of Sir J. Mariorihankb, Lord
Melville, the Lord Advocate, and Sir Geo. Clerk.
Cousidering the opposition made to it by the Edin-
burgh Stamp Commissioner., he thought that there
was cause of stepicion that great neglect had taken
piece at the Treasury. He disowned any intention
of personal soma ; he objected to the interfereuce
o!' the Hoe. Baroilet, those' he did not question
11.1 motives. lie admitted the integrity of the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, but the Right Hon.
Gentleman must have been deceived. He would
support the motion.
The CH iNCEI.I.Oa of the EXCHEQUER main.
trilled that the Treasury had a right to judge of
the subject under consideration independently of
the Board of Stamps, and justified the choice of
bituatiort which had been made out grounds of 100-
cality, interior accommodation, and economy.
Mr. MABERLY said, that when lie made the offer
of remitting the Scotch revenue at half the usu.:l
par, he intended to benefit himself as much as the
public. lie asked tio favour, but only a fair com-
petition. He offered to remit it in twenty days,
. tied the Right Hon. Gentleman had concluded urn
improved bargain on the old rate for remitting it
in thirty-eight days; making a loss of fifteen days'
interest in the three millions. He attributed this
to the weighing down of the strong Scotch infl
epee. Had the offers We') equal he would not
have expected the preference. Had he succeeded
et his tender, hts plan would have been to have
made the Scotch Bankers pay their own notes,
which they resorted to every shift and trick to
avoid. 'rite Hon. Gentleman was proceeding to
explain the loss incurred by the public in the re-
mittance of Scotch revenue. when
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY spoke to order.
He apprehended that the remittance of Scotch re-
venter had nothing to do with the question.
Mr. M•agaLy put it to the House if the situ-
silsts made to him haul not mode his explasunion
tieeestrary. Ile did not wish to detain the House,
a'.d wroth' not add another w.:rd on the topic,
though he considered himself hardly used.
Mr. HUME replied. lie thought that the Hon.
Baronet had completed his (Mr. Home's) case, and
continued all that he said on the subject. He was
very far (ruin wishing the Treasury to have nu Cull.
teal Over the expenses of public buildings, but hr
dented that they had any right to meddle with the
particular functions of other Boards.
Sir J. MALIONIIIANES explained.
Sir U. Cuss said a few words in justification

L

of the arrangements for building the new Stamp
Office.
Mr. Hums objected to the manner in which
character was attempted to be brongtit forward in
reply to facts.
TheAuestioo was then put, and negatived with.
out a division.
Mr. Hulli then moved for n copy of thaeor-
respondence which had taken place between the
Commissioners of Stamps and the Treasury, re-
specting the suspension and re-appointment of
Mr. Bremner, the Solicitor of Stamps in Sent.
land. which was ordered accordingly.
HUSBANDRY HORSE TAX.
Oa the motion of Lord Mturow the third rem .
ing of the Husbandry Ilona Tim was postrieswol
till to-morrow, when he gave notice he should pea.
pose a clause relative to ag►icultural horses let to
hire occasionally.

MR. THEODORE HOOK.
Mr. BENNETT, in rising to make the motion
which he held in his hand, said, he should hardly
have been induced to bring forward a subject af-
fecting so nearly the character of so individual
had it not been for information which be bad re-
ceived, and which be had every reason to believe
was strictly correct, as it came from the best au-
thority. It had been stated to him dist 'on the 15th
January, 1818, the acting Governor of the Mau-
,iticia received a letter from one of the Clerks in the
Treasury there (named Allen), stating that the Tres-
sorer (41r. Theodore Hook) had appropriated to his
own n•e r part of the public money of that depart-
ment ; lie also reported is misapplication of 1,150
dollars, and referred the Governor to the Treasury
accounts fur a verification of the statements. The
Governor replied on the 25th January; 1818, and
told Lim that, notwithstanding his desire that his
communication should be considered confidential,
it was impossible that mutters of so serious a cha-
racter should be so considered, and he lied there-
fore referred his letter to Mr. Hook. At the Woe
time that Mr. Allen received the Governor's an-
swer, lie had a letter from Mr. Hook dismissing him
from his office, and telling him tint he was ruined
for ever. Afterwards Allen received a letter from
'mother clerk in the Treasury named 614Manus,
which informed him that the Governor hid had •
conference with Mr. Hook, and had ordered that he
should be sent from the Colony, but that Mr.
Hook interceded for Itim on account of his wife and
children, and he wit in consequence to be allowed
so remain at a salary of 45 dollars a month ; but on
Mr. Allen applying to the Governor, be found that
no such conference bad taken place, and that he
(the Goers-ow) had never given any such orders.
Mr. Allen then wrote a letter to the Governor in
such terms as clearly .hewed that his intellects were
a little shaken with the anxiety be had sustained.
—The Governor then appointed a Committee,
which assembled on the 9th February. 1818,
consisting of the Chief Secretary, the Auditor, the
Payinaster.General, and other officers, who, after ex-
amusing witnesses on oath, found a deficiency of 601.
and • non-entry in the accounts; iu fact, they found
that the whole ofA informatiou was substantially
correct. Allen, he believed, died before the Report
was made. It appeared afterwards that there were
two sorts of note% in circulation, to which the sig-
n:stare or the Treasurer was al% and a greater
number of those notes were out:sliding th■n ap-
peared by the accounts. Under there circumstances
the Governor suspended Mr. Hook, and as there
was no tribunal io the Colony competent to try him,
he wad sent home as a prisoner, but on his arrival
here he was released, a proceeding which he had ne
doubt was proper on the part of the Government,
as he believed they had no right to detain his per-
son ; but the question was, what steps had liis
Majesty'. Government taken to obtain the money
They might have a care completely to answer the
matters which he had stated, but certainly it was
a very proper case for inquiry. lie meant now to
move for a copy of the accuunt current between
Theodore Hook and the Mauritius Treasury, • re.
gular document signed on the Bth December,
1818, from which it would appear that the debtor's
stile of the account amounted to 63,863 dol.
Imre, and the creditor's side of the account
amounted to 24.130 dollars, leaving a balance
due from Mr. Hook of 39,733 dollars. He
also intended to move fur a copy of the dispatch
which Governor flail had writieu on the subjects
He trusted there would be no objection to the pro-
duction of that letter, and he was sure there could
be none to the production of the account. He
thought that if there were a deficiency. the sureties
were the persons whom the Government had a
right to call upon. He thought he had not over.
stated any thing, and he was sure the public had a
right to know the amount deficient. if Mr. Hook
were a defaulter, us also what steps the Government
had taken to recover the money. He concluded by
moving for the account current, and copy of the
dispatch of Governor Hall which he had mentioned,

Mr. GoyLavas was ready to acknowledge that
it would be proper the dispatch of Governor Hall
should be before the HOuse, but that the case of
Mr. T. Houk involved arquestion requiring more
information thin that dispatch would afford. The
whole case had been referred to the Colonial Audit,
as being the most proper persons to investigate it,
and in order to prevent the recurrence of a similar
irregularity to that complained of. Shortly alter
the receipt of Governor Hall's dispatch, Mr.
Hook areived in this country as a prisoner, toge-
ther with some other persons, fur trial, for other
offences rod • rase ma. prepared and laid before
the Law Officers of the Crown, to know how far
the Government would be juraitled iu detaining or
proceeding criminally opium% Mr. Hook, mid their
opinion was, that Mr. Hook could uut be detained;
and that on the evideuce then produced, it was not
sufficient to warrant a criinitial proceeding. The
Government had then nu other step to take but to
refer the charge to the }Laid of Audit. The in-
quiry had gone on slowly, nit @consul of the dis-
tance of the colony; but Mr. Hook had been ex-
omitted before the Commissioners of Audit, and had
giveu answers and explain/nous which, whether
satisfactory or not it was not fur hits then to state,
hut he (mold inform the House Unit Mr. Hook was
at present Willer taerlilloallOo by the Board of Audit,
and a short time since auotlier Krpcat had been
submitted to the Law OfficLra to kitow if the evi-
dence would now *detain any proceeding. Should
the Law Officers decide that a criminal pro.
ceediil should take klate, lie was mute the Hoeft

would decide that no step could with propriety
be taken in that House; if, on the contrary, the
Low Officers decided that no criminal proceeding
could take place, he should then have no objection
to laying a copy of the dispatch of Governor Hall
on the table. In justice to the Governor, he should
state that, as soon as the deficiency was discovered,
every thing belonging to Mr. Hook in the colony
was seised.

Mr. BENNarr was willing, after what he had
heard, to withdraw his mown. He observed the
Hon. Gentleman had given no answer respecting
the steps (if any) which had been taken against the
sureties.
Mr. GOULBURN said, as we understood, that
there were no sureties; but from arrangements made,
the like circumstance would never occur again.
Mr. BENNETT then withdrew his motion.
EXPENDITURE OF THE COUNTRY.
Mr. Hums then rose to make his promised mo-
tion. He said thnt all who had attended to the
proceedings of the House must know that from
both sides of the House statements had been
made of the distress under which all classes of
the commuility laboured, particularly the agricul-
turalist. He, for one, thought that no relief
could be obtained but by reducing the expendi-
ture of the country, and the consequent reduction
of taxation. That he considered as the only menus
of relief. The Repoit of the Committee which
had sat on the agricilltural distress would have,
he thought, • most beneficial effect; it would re-
move the erroneous opinions which some of that
class of persons entertained as to relief to be ob-
tained by raising the price of the produce of the soil.
The object which he had in submitting the mo-
tion which he held in his hand, was to shew
that, however strong the calls were which had been
niade in the House to lessen the expenditure of the
country, the House of Commons--the Rep►esenta-
tives of the people—had not &wavered to those
calls. He for one was disappointed, and out of
doors there was but one opinion on the subject
(except by those who received allowances from the
Government), and that was this, that the expendie
tare of the country was on much too large a *cute.
He did not look at the situation of the country with
gloom, h►e considered that we were still equal to
every demand, if we only mode the proper use of
our resources. In 1792 the revenue was considered
large when it amounted to sixteen millions, and
the interest of our debt, exclusive of the Sinking
Fund, was then 9,594.000/. whilst this year it
amounted to 32,600,000/. on the funded and un-
funded debt. The public accounts were in that
condition that no person, be he ever so industrious
or able, could nuke up any accounts but what
soother person might bring forward a different
result. He hail, in conjunction with his Honour.
able Friend the Member for Portarlington, en-
deavoured to compare the accounts, to see whether
any progress hart been made in the last five or six
years, or whether we were not actually in the same
state as in 1815. The House would scarcely cre-
dit the confusion and contradiction which they
found in one account—the stefiviency of the Con-
solidated Fund. He held in his hand three
statements, all different, yet all signed by the
same person. There was also • difference between
the Budget account ongt the one ou the table, of the
funded and unfunded debt, afoot millions. The
Chancellor of the Exchequer stated, last year, that
there was • reduction in the funded and unfunded
debt of 29 millions: but that Right Honourable
Gentleman had not repeated that statement this
year, and he (Mr. Hume) was perfectly convinced
it could not be correct. He found the charge this
year amounted to 31,262,0001. and he had hiker) an
average of the years 1814, IS, and 16, and also of
the years 1817, 18, and 19, and lie found that the
last year's charge actually exceeded the average of
the la.t three years; so that we were actually paying
more (exclusive of the Sinking Fund, which ought
not to be brought into the comparison) in the last
year than we paid on the average of three years
ending 1819. The conclusion►, he believed,
was quite correct, as he had arrived at it by
two different methods of computation. As the first
years of peace contained many charges relative to
the war, lie would confine his view to the last four
years, and within that period, so far from any re-
duction having taken place, we had actually in-
creased the charge 180,000/. He thought that,
notwithstanding the declarations made that the
estimates were brought toes low • scale as possible,
they were still extravagantly high, and that the
House ought to take immediate measures for re-
ducing it—not a few pounds, but four millions
sterling ; and he should endeavour to point out
how that might be done, but in the tirst to-
stance, he should wish to shew the House that
our difficulties were increasing. It had indeed
been tented by the Noble Lord, in reply to
the Honourable Member for Abitigdon (Mr. Ma.
berly), that a reduction of a million and u half
bad taken place in the establishisieuts; but this
was a prospective statement, and was such as the
House ought not to go by. What had been
dot*, what head .brew required, and what had
actually been voted ? lit 1817, 13,951.0004
Was Voted ; in 1018, 14,310,000/. ; 1819,
14,322,000/. ; tie 1820, 14,878,0001.; and in 1821,
14,352,0001. The sums were for our whole mili-
tary and naval establi.l►ruents, and it would be
seeu that they cost inure in 1821 by 401,8941. than
they did in 1817, but less by 525,000/. as corn•
pared with 1820; and was that a situation, he
would ask the House, in which we might to re-
main ? The Honourable Member proceeded to
contrast the expenses of the country in 1792 and
the present time, the result of which was, that the
charge fur the army and navy in 1791 amounted
to 4,760,00 W. whilst this year the charge was
16.715,0001. being an increase. •s eonyared with
179 t, of upwanla of 11,000,000/. When the enor-
mous increase of our national debt was considered.
it would, he thought, be one of the strongest
reasons for the reduction of our immense este.
blishments. He was aware of the difficult situation
in which we stood. The Hon. Member fur York-
shire had declared 'that lie could not support
his motaniv, because they were mere matters of
opinion, •ud he weal disposed to rely on the opi-
-010111 oh the other side of the Hosse ; but an Rom
Member on his (Mr. Hush's) side of the House
declared he could not support him because they
were iiwre matters of fact ; so that between the two
he could hardly expect to find unanimity. But he

• .

would trust to figures, which a Noble Lord bad
declared were invincible If the finance accounts
were looked to, it would be found that the expense
of the country had gone on iiicresoing :
Is 1817 it was. ...... 68,710,01k1
la IBIS 88,821,000

la 1819
And in 1890
He confessed that he had, in the course . of this
Session. occupied • considerable portion of the
time of the Horse—(Hear, hear)—lout be remem-
bered some years ago the Noble Marquis taunted
a Right lion. Gentleman with being too general,
and had called out to him to name his items, amd
it was therefore with • view of accommodating the
Noble Marquis that he had gone so much into detail.
He then went into an examination of the miscella-
neous4ervices, oat of which he contended the Right
Hon. Gent. (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) had
made his boasted savings, and that he had done by
means of petting off to another year such items es
100,0001 for the Clergy, 250,0001. for harrarks,
and 0,0001. for the Caledonian Canal; and lie
again complained that the accounts were so per-
plexed that it was impossible for any one to coin-
pare them. Of the 1,232000/. for miscellaneous
service., bethought the greater part might be saved
without any damage in the country. In 1792 the
regular army was 48,000 men, the artillery and
marines were 8,100, the militia and ye-outstay
2.5,810, making a total of force of 91,000 men,
whilst this year the total amounted to 249,999,
being an increase of regulars and irregulars of
156,999 more in 1921 than in 1792. Certainly it
reduction might be made in the house-had troops
and guards, particularly when the great expense
of the cavalry were considered. The Honour-
able Member proceeded to comment on the
manner in which commissions in the army were
filled sip. There was no less than 133 persons who
had been put on the half-pay the day they had
received their commissions, and something he
thought ought to he done to remedy this perversion
of the original principle in which hell-pay was
originally granted. He contrasted this with the
conduct of the Admiralty, who in the la,t
four years had not given one new commission. In
the army there had been in that period promotions
from one rank to another of 1,448 persons, and
1,105 first commissions. making 2,563 steps;
and whilst there were 9,037 officers on the half-
pay. at an expense of 812,5771. a year, only
317 officers had been promoted from that list.
By the embodying of the eleven battalions of
veterans, 247 officers had been transferred from the
half-pay of the line to full pay at an expense of
13,0001. The next department to which the Hon.
Member adverted was the Commissariat, in which
he particularly remedied upon the es.iirinte for the
maintenance of 2,400 horse., which, if they hod
beets placed at livery, would not have amounted to
the sum charged. He then enumerated the
sums which he had proposed to reduce from
the several branches of the Army Estimates,
which, had his motions been agreed to, would have
effected a saving of 1,663,127/. in the espetiditure
for the army. With regard to the navy, the Hon.
Member recapitulated the sums voted for Ins Wing
ships during the last seven years, sheering by com-
parison thut the amount paid fur superintendence
exceeded that expended fur labour, the estahlials-
meats in the several dock-yards, and the charges for
the works at 'Sheerness, contending that 1,180,000/.
might have been saved by a judicious curtailment of
the navy estimates foe the current year. Ile then
noticed the reductions which he had proposed on
the ordnance estimatet, which would have present.
ed a saving of 2,988,0001. The Him. Member then
proceeded to review the financial system of the coun-
try. In June 1819, the Right Hon. the Chancellor
of the Exchequer, he said, asked for 3,000,000/,
of additional taxes, to enable him to establish a
Sinking Fund of 5,000,000!. At that time lie was
told that if he took 10,000,000/. he would nut hive
• Slaking Fund of one farthing ; and aceurdingly
it appeared from his own showing by papers on the
table, that the surplus revenue of the country
amounted only to 950,0001. the debt due to the
East India Company which he would have to pay
being considerably more than that sum ; f() that in
fact Isis Sinking Fund was less than uothing, for
instead of a surplus, his accounts would present a
deficiency of revenue. He next proceeded to observe
upon the charges for the collection of the revenue.
The Receiver. -General received 44,0001. a ;sound.
age, and the addition of ten month's interest on
the amount of the permanent and current balances
in their hands, made their gain from the public
amount to 117,000/. The adoption of the course
recommended by the Committee on the Office of
Receiver-General. by limiting their charge to
42,0001. would effect a saving of 76,6501. He had
heard. however, with the greatest regret, that not-
withstanding the unanimous reconsourtidation of
the Committee, Ministers had no intention of air-
✓ring that recommendation into eliect.—(Hear,
hear./-111 could not he done, lie understood,
out an Act of Parliament, and there was no intro-
tiun to bring in any Bill for the purpose. He did
say that the House bad a right to expect that such.
a Bill should be brought in furiliwith.—elfierar,.
keur.j—He would appeal to any klenther who had
been on the Committee, to say, whether, if an idea
had been entertained that Ministers would not
bring in • Bill, the Committee would not have
instructed the Chairmen to do it.—/Cheers./
If it was not done, it would only afford or.e more
instance of the unwillingness of Ministers to adopt
any thing in the shape of reform or retrenchment
instil they were compelled.—/Hear, hear./—ln
the department of stamps, 88,000/. a veer was
paid as poundage on the distribution of stamps,
which individual, might he found to undertake on
terms which would yield a saving to the public of
from 40 to 50,0001. a year. In Scotland 6 per cent.
was allowed, where q per cent. would be quite
enough. By a revision of the collection of the rove=
wue a saving of at least 1,050,000/. or 50 per cent.
might be effected, which, added to the sums he
had already ahewo might be saved front the expen-
diture of the army, navy, and ordnance, would pro-
duce a total raving of 4,289,0001. In order to en.
force at least some puthou of those reductions,
he should propose to take off from the taxes on
candles, soap, leather, and salt, 3,300,000/. ; an
amount which might well be spared from the re-
venue if the expenditure were reduced in the
proportion above stated. This was yet in the
power of the House to effect; fur although
the Estimates had been voted, the Appropriation

Act was not yet pnwed—fliear., Am, 1 —tied •,.
fixed for Friday, and he wished Gentlemen to ob.
serve that they would then have an opportunity of
checking the extravagance of the Estimates, by
striking off that amount from the items proposed
to be appropriated to tweet them. The Civil List
also would afford a very proper owl ample field for
enforcing economy. If the House were sincere it:
its desire of placing the IiIV4tICCS and the expendi-,
Lure of the coontry on its proper footing, they
would look to the rest and the west, and imitate
the examples which might there he found. If
they looked at France they would ►ee that the w
King and the Government hail refused to scre:.6
the full amount of their appointments, until
fiu■nces Should he in • state better able to aff.ii/
them ; and in America they would find that every
individual in office had given up half his sdnrs.
until the moony should be clear of its diffiepi.,
ties. Was Britain alone to exhibit is patfrrib of
differeliee to the public burdens, on the part of t.c.
public officer.? Britain bring placed in • si
non of greater difficulty und emburrassmetit
any etl►er country, ought more than any other f,r
pursue the pith of economy, retrenchment, mid
sacrifice. Private fortunes were only prererred
from embarrassment by individuals living within,
their meals.; so in I ke manner was public pros.
perity to be secured by ►educing the establish.
mental of the country, so as to confine its ex-
penditure within it. Moos.. He would not de.s
tam the (louse with any loather observati , but
would proceed to move a resolution to which her
thought no man could object, not even the Minis.,
tees themselves, if they were sincere in the proles.
roils of economy which they had both publicly
and privately made.—/Lead ehetring.)—He then.
concluded by moving am humble Address to his
iltrjesty, praying, that with a view of agirding re•
lief to the country at large, he worth' be graciously
pleased to direct a strict examination lotto every
haunch of the public expenditure, a careful reci►ion
of all places and allowances, and u reduction of the
tit:tither of the army, and other establishments of
the country.

The Nlarquis or Trots Toot having been absent
during most of the discussions on the Estimates,
was happy to hike the opportunity of seconding this-
motion, to do the Hon. Gentleman who herd just
sat dots.' an act of justice, by acknowledging the
value and importance of the services which he had
rendered the country by his zealous exertions, which
had placer! liiin high in the estimation and coo&
&nee of the people of England. —(Cheers.)--
While, however, he did justice to the zeal, activity.
mid perseverance of the Ha►. Member, he must be-
allowed to ray that be could not but lament to see
that any necessity should have existed for dragging
before their view the minute details of of ciel ar-
rangements through which they had toiled. He.
was sorry to see the House deputing from its
ancient and constitutional practice, and taking m►
itself any part of the functiota► of the Executive-
Govenuent.— ( Cries of hear, hear, hear. )
U oder ranting circumitiances, however, with.
a Ministry obstinately persevering in profit-
gate expenditute and waste of public money, stud-
determioedly opposed to the adoption of any plan
of economy, he was ready to admit that perhaps the
ouly way or enforcing retrenchment was by adopt-
ing the course which load been taken by the Hon.
Member for Aberdeen, and which he had followed
with so much► ability ; rod, at least this good
effect would be derived from his Lebow', that
they would shew the country how vain..atimo the
attempts in that Mouse to reduce any esittlates
which the Ministers choose to lay hef6Ve'..ll.
After time experience which he had had, h. hoped
the Hon. Gentleman would feel that it was useless
and uoirecessary to persevere in that course which
lie had been following. Fur the immense patron-
age possessed by Miniatera in the enormous stand
list army kept up iii a time of peace, with the avow-
ed object of keeping the people down—the immen.e
patronage which they also derived front the places,
offices, penitents, amid honours at their disposal,
secured them such an influence in Parliament
that it must appear in vain to expect any thing but
a majority iu favour of whatever they might pro-
pose. The ties of gratitude, sander such circum-
stances, were alone sufficiesit to insure it, without
the slightest reference to any corrupt nature or in-
terested expectations. The Noble Lord then ad-
verted to the late vote fur the repeal of the Hus-
booby Horse Duties, which, he said, reflected
link credit ou those who, having voted for the
Estimates, then turned round on the Noble Lord,
1111 d cut off the means of paying those establish-
ments which they hod voted lot keeping up.—.
Before he eat down, there was one subject on which
he trusted he might be allowed to offer • few ob..
serrationv. There was nothing which appeared to
his mind more repugnant to the Bntish character
than the arming of one part of the community
against the other. It was not without regret,
therefore. that lie heard of the advice which had
been given to his Majesty to assemble • large mili-
tary force around the nietrupolie previous to the.
approaching coronation. Was that the wry in which
the people of Eugland right les be treated ? Why
should they always be treated as foes to the Kiog and
his Government ? Why were they always treated
on every public occasion, as if it were necessan•
keep them down by force ? He objected to:ening
the military force employed as a body of police on
all occasions of public ceremony. This was le
the way iii which Kings of England in former .ta• w
were accustomed to be attended she, ref-.
this was not the way in which King. of Eslr I
were accustomed to hold their coronatitms. Nns
could lie for a smarm assent to its Deers-11y
or its expediency iu this instance; for outwitt.
staiiilitig the representations of Ministers, and their
coostent deuut►eiattons of discontent and disaffec.
tom, notwithstanding the hostile feelings called up
by the late proceedings against the Queen, he was
convinced it was only necessary for the Kite; to
shew !himself in public, to meet with the good'
will and affection of the people. He thought
therefore that those who had given such advice; to
his Majesty were unworthy of his conlidetice.
Mr. BANIIKS, in reply to the concluding remarks
of the Noble Lord who had just sat down, could
not refrain from stating that as far as his memory
served, it ways usual on all occasions of public ce-
remony to have a large body of troops in attend-
ance as a matter of parade. He could not hell,
observing also that the Noble Lord had assumed •
tone of despondency with regard to that Houses

which did not become • yams Member almost in
the dorsi of life. The Honourable Member would
allow lino to remind Irian that as to the amount
of the savings which he propmbed. the House had
already decided against him— ( Hear, hear f—
ond of those who sat round about him and uow
dieered, nut one in ten had taken the pains to
make himself master of the subject—(Heite, hear)
...and of those who had, not one in ten thought
lob views practierble. He begged to remind the
}lnn. Member that he (Mr. Minket) had voted for
the reduction of the may; he thought it might
mod must be reduced. The Hon. Member pro-
posed to reduce it 20,000 tarn, but in order to get
illembers to vote with him, he was obliged to con-
sent to divide on • small part of that number.
On the whole, his views and proposals seemed little
better than visionary. The Hun. Gentleman then
proceeded to notice the savings which had been
fleeted by Ministers in the course of last year, and
their promises of future reductions. He could wish
their rifest ts for reduction were more rapid, but they
were sufficient to prove that there was no dirinclioni•
titm lean the pert of Government to accede to such
photos. of redectioa us might appear practicable.
'fire (louse, however, ought not to rely implicitly
oar the promises of any man or set of men, end it
would be very proper to approach his Majesty with
au Adtkrem on the sohjert. But in such Address
too expoession should appear which might im-
ply • doubt of the disposition to meet the wishes.
of Parliament cud the country. Tile Honourable
Gentleman concluded by saying. that he thought
the motion of the Honourable Member for Aber-
dents implied a censure upon Ministers, who, in his
opinion, bad dine every thing in their power with a view to
tramway. H. should, therefore, move aan ameodment
" That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty,
slating that the House had viewed with satisfactiou the
soiramtres earned into effect raider his Majesty': 11,rectiows,
fur the purpose of effeetirg a gettersl rednctioe in the Cus-
toms; that it would be most important that similar inquiries
shield be iumituted in the other breaches of revenue ; that
inquiries should alms be mode into the civil deportment, with
a view to reduce both the additives'', numbers mod salaries •
sad that it Woold he must desirable the same psinciple
should be applied to the more extended departments, and
particularly the army."
Mr. GOOCH said, that In opposing the motion of the
Hon. Member fur Aberdeen, he dad mot mean to retract
UDC syllable lie had uttered ow a former occasion in praise of
his luminous; but be (bought bin resolution carried a
erasure upon his Majesty's Ministers, who, he was cow-
lideut, were desirous of effecting ecooonty, althatogh be mast
say they bed begun rather too late—(ekters from She Op-
posilion)—But they had row began in eases., and as be
did nut think the couotry could be besefited by any change
Ministry, be wished the House to go heart sad hand
with the Ministry in effecting the great object of impeach-
ment. He should therefore s.cond the amendment.
The Matelots of LONDONDERRY said, that, in throw.
tug himself upon the indulgence of the House, be had little
to hope from the kindness of Geotlenseu uu the opposite
Beeches. There was something is the spirit of party that
made Gentlemen take a jaundiced view of all the proceed-
imp of Ministers. A Noble Lord opposite lal talked of
his (the Marquis of Londonderry s) power is that Haw;
but he could assure that Noble Lord whatever power
he possessed be owed to him and the facade that
surrounded him.—(Cheers, sad hear, Aar.)--Thrre was
another party, another class of ?egresses, who went hoped
every practical exertion, and always proposed sea.
votes that never could be realised, amid were always
sure to have a point of attack opus Ministers. If the Hoe.
Gentleman opposite (Mr. Home) had been a deity instead of
what he really was, a very laborious individual, it would
be impossible to cosaprebesid the was. of details he had
brought forward.. He win moat happy to say the mnde?
slid sot participate is the siounsy fears of the Noble Lord,
for there now was a period what there was more Inequality,
or whose (s public mead enjoyed mace repose • and not
withsestafilltif Obit some Gentlemen might think, tere
was a poolod when the people were more attached to their
The manner Ise was received wbeu he west
soionlElstbent was a sufficient proof, and lie had so doubt
suns..mal day whys he entered ions that solemn covenant
of(2 bid people, he should be surrounded by their affections.
—(Clieerl.)—The Noble Lord then defended the conduct of
the Government, mid said they felt the greatest disposition to
retrench; and if the Hun. Gent (Mr. Hume) bail attend, d their
Committees, be would soon becomes most useful political
arithmetician,instead of indulging in visionary speculations.
But lie was a perfect harlequin, he took such leaps uo man
could follow him. He doubted whether the celebrated Mr.
Grimaldi could keep pace with him. There were ma meet in
the community mere anxious than the Ministers to meet
the wishes of the people and effect a geseral retreochmeot,
as far as could be done consistent with the safety of the
State. And be could assure the Howie that for himself, and
be believed, to speak the semiotics's of those with whom it,
was his pride and honour to conduct the affairs of govern-
ment, that he wished to retain power no longer than be
could benefit his country.-(Cheers.)
Lord MILTON observed, teat the Noble Marquis had
concluded a speech not very remarkable for prudence with a
hlgh.soundir.g encomium as she dispositions of the Ministry
to economise ; bat as it was fn their act., suit not their pro-
mises he looked, he Asada withhold his conlishroce to the
next Session, until he saw whether these promises were car-
ried into execution.
The Marquis of TITCHFIEI.D next addressed the House
at great length, but owing to the bateau of the boor we
And It impossible to give even a sketch of his eloqueot speech.
lie complimented the Hon. Gest. (Mr. Home) on his linters-
s ird "steel ious iu the cause of hiacountry. Tie o seances of the
country, like private property, e old only be retrieved by nti-
ceasing retrenchment. It must appear quite impossible the
country could remain longer in its present condition, and if
we were ever to be better, when were we to berm! Tsars
should be levied tom the supersbunilsoce, out from the
many soloist/wee of doe people. He was not actuated by
a spirit of polity, but he ski old vote for the Address of the
Member for Alieidero, iu preferetice io the ainewilue. no, be-
cause be confessed be thought the latter cause iu rather a
auspicious shaper-(Cheers.)—bat he must say the late con.

.
duct of Ministers ran nut well calculated to attach fol.
Powers. He was sorry they should earn the favour of the
Crown by ao attack upon one individual, whose previous per.
striations svuoid have operated in every generous meld its her
414ener- Monsters bad disgraced both themselves arid
one country fo- ever by spending she wool of this moral
patios, in posting up perjrny to auction in clue marks( of
P.lltil.-(Load and repealed cheers.)
Mr. 1111. mar wished to regal she atleetion of the Howe
0 the real yeestiur before the House; and he thought
.he Nubk Lord •lw had just sat down, had abstained from
cotroAucieg sender/nut topics, his upinious would have had
"'use weigh,. le every principle of economy be fully con-
curred, mid in COSIIII.WS with ushers 1w paid Lis tribute of
thanks to the Ilins. Member for Abesilece.—(Mroge, hear.)
111 the too Addresses before the House, be foetid this dis.
'Wet difference, that one implied • re upon Ministers,
and he should therefore support she rithrr
Alr. CIVEEVEY biped that the House would prefer the
reform of the Hon. Member far Aberdeen to that of the
Hot, Member for Gore Castle, %hide was intresterl
en-
sire:y to ive Geellemen who held places and pension.,
apporirterl to inquire Wen she Customs.
Mr HUSK ISnON said, that the Hon. !timber fur Appleby
should have 'here that the five Commissioners appointed
to severe into the Customs bad not dune any public good,
nether than have *berm that the-y were persons in ufbee.
Ile thought that she view talteu by the Noble Lord of the
cute of the country was far Lou gloomy. There were still
means enough ieft to preserve die rights and defend the
humour of the satires. He prat. sled evilest the assumptions
of the Hum. Member for Corfu Castle that the estimates were
stated at the lowest possible stem, and nociistained that the
supplies were less by 1,770.11100 f than they were in lest year.
qtr, ABERCHUMBY felt • pleasing surprise 01 Ibr leas

THE BRITI S IT PRESS.

I.ON DON,
THURSDAY, Juits 28, 1821.

The matter of the informations laid before the
LORD Mayo` against M►. MURRAY and Mr.
Stumps, the Attorney and the Secretary of the
Bridge-street Association. was argued ut great
length yesterday at the Mansion-linuae.. The LORD
MAYOR having heard evidence moil the arguments
of Counsel, filially dismissed the informstions, upon
the ground that the evidence did snit appear to hint
to he sufficient to sustain them. This decision of
the LORD MAYOR does not imply any opinion upon
the lea of his Lordship respecting die legality or
illegality of the Association. but is limited strictly
to the exteut and sufficiency of the evidence sub.
witted to his judgment with reference to the degree
of criminality impaled to the defendants under ape.

eial clauses of a particular Act of•• Parliament. Still
less, however, could the Loin NATI:Hes decision
upon these informations be supposed to imply any
approbation ou the part of his Lordship of the ex-
pediency or policy of this Association. The quits.
Lion, indeed, of the strict legality of the Society,
or, to speak more cor►ectly, the difficulty of prov-
ing such • Society to be opposed to the enactments
of any particular law, is essentially distinct from
the consideration of its wisdom or its utility. A
measure or act may not be strictly and technically
illegal, and yet may be grossly inconsistent with
the spirit of onr laws and the general principles of
our Constitution. Such, in fact, seems to be the
character of this Bridge-street Association, which is
established for destroying the liberty of the press,
uoder the specious pretence of correcting its been-
tiourness. We would suggest to the indepen-
dent Members of the House of Commons that on
time ought to be lost in collecting the sense of Par•
liument upon the propriety of putting down so dash.
gerous a Society, which has scrupled a discretion-
ary power vested hitherto exclusively in the imme-
diate Ministers and Law Officers\uf the Cross% and
exercises it at the instiestion of a few individuals,
who have no claims 19 public.confidence.

Mr. SCARLITT will this evening explain in de.
tail the system which he proposes for the regula-
tion and government of the poor in England, but
it is not his intention to pursue the measure any
further in the present Ses►iott of PerMimeo. His
explanation will be offered to the attention of the
country, sad its character and probable effects will
be sufficiently appreciated and understood by every
one interested in the subject previous to the next
Session, in the early part of which it is Mr. Scut.
Lorr's intention again to offer it to the notice ofthe
Legislature. Those who think sanguinely of the
condition of the country, and promise a speedy
amelioration in the state of the labouring classes,
are of opinion that the rates levied for the support
of the poor will have so much diminished during
the ensuing.prorogation, that no necessity will exist
at the next meeting of Parliament for legislative in-
terference. Should so great an improvement, how-
ever, be accomplished as is by some fondly aritici•
paled, the wisdom of the Legislature can then be
more safely and dispassionately employed, with less
also of that improvident haste which want and ne-
cessity create in providing remedies against the re.
lapse of an evil which lately threatened the empire
with a species of moral dissolution. But there is a
present evil always operating, and always oppres-
sive to individual iudystry and to the general in-
terest of the country, intimately interwoven in the
system of our Poor Laws. which it would well he-
come the wisdom and patriotism of Parliament to
remove as speedily as possible—we allude to the
obstruction given by the Poor Laws to the free cir•
culation of labour in England. By the laws of
settlement, a man, no matter what may be his in•
dostry or his des .e to support his family by his
labour, is confiued, as it were, to a single potash,
and prevented from following the course of
trade, and removing from one place, where employ-
ment had failed, to soother, where it might be
with less &Scully obtained. Individuals thus
suffer extreme hardships, and the poor experience
a degree of rigorous severity by compulsory trans-
fers to their native or other parishes, where they
may have a legal settlement, which is decidedly
repugnant to our ordinary emulous of political li-
berty. The public interests likewise sustain a cer-
tain injury by the sudden variations in the prices
of labour, and in the rates occasionally levied for
the poor. It would, however, we feel, be extremely
difficult for the Legislature to remove this part of
the system of the Poor Laws, if the poor, selecting
parishes for their residence at their own discretion,
continue to possess a compulsory right to obtain
support front the selected parish : for in such a
case some parishes may be overwhelmed with
paupers, while others, offering less attractions as
places of ith9de, may be wholly free front such
burden. Nothing, therefore, remains fur Parlia-
ment in removing this disgraceful badge of slavery
from the labouring poor, but to enact tome limita-
tion in the quantity of money to be distributed
among the paupers, similar in principle to that
which is suggested by Mr. SCARLET/ iu his Bill.
Wit are glad that Mr. SCARLITT does not await to
preys this treasure during the present Session, for it
certainly involves a very extensive and important
change in our domestic system, and therefore
ought, previous to any fival judgment. to receive
the most anxious deliberative and dispassionate in-
quiry upon time part of the Members of Pathan:nut
and of the country iu general.

The Paris Papers of Sunday lest have arrived.
The Chamber of Deputies wits occupied oil
Saturday with the discussion of the chapter of the
Budget respecting the Army Estimates. which
having beet' adopted, the discussion of the Navy
Estimates was fixed for Monday.

A Humburgh Mail has arri►ed, with Papers from
Ow city. The following is an extract :

NAMBUIGH. JUNI 29.

The news front Turkey is not There
is etnitirmution of the defeat of Theodore, or
the Hight ..f Ptiocr Ypsilanti, the account of which
seems to be wholly unfoutitird.—(Thowborgh Pa-
pas, June %I.)

Yesterday the Duke of YORK transacted military
business with the KING, at his Palsy, in P.II-mrh.
Viscount Sit:mount had uu audience of his MA-.
J 'STY yesterday.
Yeste►day a Court of Directors was held at the
Bast India House, when the undermentioned Com.
wanders took lease of the Court previous to de-
parting for their respective destinations, •is.—
Captatu T. 114`TAGO•RT, Rose, and Captain C.
Smut, Princess Charlotte of Wales, for Bengal
direct.

‘-v---• il., W:Tiii.lAl*-.14..
THE KING'S VISIT TO lIANOVCR.

HANOVER, JUNE 19.
The preparations for the reception of his Ma-
jesty are going on with the greatest activity both in
the capital and other parts of the country. If
the time of his Majesty's arrival here cannot be
exactly fixed, it suffices ever• Hanoverian to
know for certain that his Majesty, whenever
occasion offers, most decidedly expresses his
inteation to fulfil the wishes of his siikjects.
111 a rescript lately addressed by Isis Majesty
to the old tows, are the words, "We look
forward with the greatest pleasure to the approach-
ing moment when we shall receive in person the
proofs of the so-often-tried attachment of insr be-
loved Haritivarians to this and our Royal House.
and be witness of their love and of their happiness."
—( Ilaraburgh Paper.)

FASHIONABLE MOVEAfENTS.

The Doke of Devonshire leaves town to-morrow fur his
seat Chatsworth, Derbyshire. •
The Marquis and Marchioness of Laosdown and family
leave lows Ibis day fur their scat Llowood Park, Wilts, fur
the season.

The Marquis sad Marchioness of Chnlmondley, and Hon.
Colonel and Lady Charlotte Seymour, left town yesterday for
the Noble Marquis's seat • Houghton Hall, Norfolk.
Lord and Lady Barghtrsh sad family are expected to ar-
rive in town this day from Vienna.
The Earl of Courtown and his daughter, Lady Mary
Siupfurcl, are arrived at Montagu-huuse Privy Gerdes.,
from his Lordship's seat in Irelaud.
Mrs. K. Milues is arrived at her house in Dover-street,
from her twat is Yorkshire.
Lord Eaußey left town yesterday for his seal, Belvidere,
Kest.

Sir John Sebrin►t, Bart. left town yesterday for ►w seat i•
Herts.

Arrival. at the Pmßeery Hotel, Piccadilly :—Lord Deer.
horst from his seat, Severs Bank, Worcestershire; sod
Robert French, Esq. from a tour.
Arrivals at Thomas'. Hotel, Piccadilly :—The Earl Bari
Countess of Dartmouth from a tour; Sir William aid Lady
Oglauder ■ad family from the Isle of Wight ; Lord George
Fitzroy from ►is seat iii Suffolk; and Mr. and Mrs. Smith
frost the Isle of Wight.
