FIRE BRICKS

OONTRACT FOR STOVIIDRI
AND CLAY.
NAVY OFFICE, Jane 2, IBM.
E Principal Officers and Commissioners of his M 11••
IL jetty's Nary do &r 1 ; give Notice, that on THURSDA V,
the 22.1 Instant, at One o'cktek, they will be ready to treat with
each persons as may be willing to Contract for supplying Ms
Majesty's several Dock Yards with
STOURDIODOY FIRE BRICKS AND STOURBRIDGE
CLAY. _ _

anin!es of the articles and a form of the Tender may be seen at
dirt Office. No Tender will be received after One o'clock, on the-
day of treaty, nor any noticed, unless the party of an ugent for
hint attends.
Every Tender most be accompanied by a letter addressed to the
Navy B-rd, and signed by a responsible person, engaging to be-
come bound with the person tendering, in the sum of 2001. for the
-hie performance of the Contract.

Will Sail in a few days,
TOR MADRAS end BENGAL. the fine River-built
Ship ATLAS, T. HUNT, Commander, A 1, Coppered.
Burthen 450 tons. Has very excellent Accommodations in the
Poop and below Deck for Passengers, sod will carry an experienced
Surgeon.
rue Passage only. apply to the Commander; to slessrs. Chal-
mers and Guthrie. Idol-lane; or to
BUCKLES, BAOSTER, and BUCHANAN,
No. 33, Mark-lane.

rfiNE CREDITORS of GEORGE CLERKE, of
1 Cherry Tree-roam A Idersgate.street, Watch-manufacturer
against whom a Commission of Bankrupt hath issued, are re-
quested to send the partieulsn of their several Debts and Claims,
to Messrs. Brentridge and Cleoburey, 41, Chancery-lane, on or be-
tare the 17th June !natant.

I) URSU ANT to a Decree of the Iligh Court of Chan-
cery, mule in a Cause. Eaton against Scott, the CREDI-
TORS of LEONARD HA MPSON, late of Luton, in the county
of Bedford. hanker, deceased (who died in or about the month of
March, 1824), are by their Solicitors to come in before William
iVingSeld, Esq., one of the Masters of the said Court, et his
Chambers, in Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane, London, on
o► before the 10th day of July, 1826, and prove their Debut; or,
in default flavor, they will be peremptorily excluded the benefit
of the said Decree.
0. T. and R. TAYLOR,
Feethersmne-buildings, Holborn.

BRITISH ROCK and PATENT SALT COM-
PANY.—The •Directots inform the Public, that the Corn.
pany's %Yorks being in full operation, their Agents are constantly
supplied with Salt of every description. and the prices at which
they an deliver it at their warehouse. No. 59, Lower Thames.
street, London. are, under 5 tons, manure. 345. ' • common fishery,
4as. ; butter. 465. ; finest quality stored, sfis. ; British bay, 65a.;
and rock in lumps, 425. per ton.
A considerable reduction will be made to persona who take more
than 5 toes, and the several descriptions specified will be charged
by the cargo in the Pool, London, 285.. 355.. 364., 404., 555., and
Vs. 64. per ton ; and at Liverpool 11 s. 6d., 14s. 64., 17s. 6d., and
21s. od., per ton, free on beard ; the dunnage, if required, to be
paid for extra.
The low price at which Salt may now roe purchased renders it
worthy the attention of talenere, peelers. haymnkers, gardeners.,
and of ethers who hive not yes et perteneed its %drainages.
Orders for Salt are likewise received at the Company's Works,
Anderson, near Nonhwich, Lawton, Roughwood, and Wheelock,
Cheshire; Shlrleywieh. Staffordshire; and by their Agents, Mr.
Alszander Reid, Liverpool; Messrs. Joseph Young and Son,
Bristol ; Mews. °airliner, Glasgow ; and Mr. Robt. Miln, Ar.
breath ; where samples of the Salt may be sew and information
given.
No. 3, Great Whieheater.street, London, 36&b May, 1826.

CONTRACT for 23,000 TONS of COALS.—The
DIRECTORS of the BRITISH ROCK and PATENT
SA LT COMPANY hereby give Notice, that on Thursday. the
15th day of June inst. instead of Thursday the lst of June, pre-
viously ads ertised, they will he prepared to RECEIVE SEALED
TENDERS at their office in London, and to CONTRACT for
the SUPPLY of the Company's Works, at Antlerton, near North-
with, Cheshire. with COALS for one year, from the 30th of the
said Month. The payments will be made monthly, by Bankers'
acceptances at three months' date.
Every particular may be known by applying personally or by
letter, post paid, to the Managing Director, at the Company's
Office No. 3, Great AVlnchriter-street, London.

FrIlE ATLAS Neesspaper.—Every Sunday Morning
JL is published the Atlas, on the largest sheet ever printed,
being nearly double the size of " The Times."
The Allis combines three great features peculiar to itself: it
forms a complete Weekly Newspaper, an original Newspaper of
the seventh Day, and an ample Journal of Literature, both Eng.
loth and Foreign.
The Proprietors of the Atlas have much pleasure in stating
that the Country circulation of their Paper has already become
exceedingly extensive ; and any persons resident in the Country,
who wish to make it a channel for Advertisements, may have them
transmitted to London through the Agents of the Paper—one, at
least, of whom is appointed In every City and Town throughout the
Kingdom.
As soon as the period arrives for publishing the London Gazette
on Friday, instead of Saturday as heretofore, the Country Sub.
scribers to The Atlas will be supplied by Saturday night's post;
by which arrangement all who rcside within 1110 miles of the Me-
tropolis will get their Papers on Sunday.
Printed and Published by and for James Whiling, at the Office
of Whiting and Bransion, Engravers and Printers to his Majesty
for the Prevention of Forgery, Beaufort-house, Beaufort.buildings,
strand.—Price Is.

A T CREASE and BON's Old-established CHEAP
.1 PAINT and VARNISH MANUFACTORY, 63, West
Smithfield, London, the Public continue to be supplied with every
description of Oils, Colours, and Varnishes, on the lowest, terms
for Read/ 3loney. Co'ours of all kinds prepared for painting.
WHITk. PAINT, 60. per lb. ; superior quality. Rd. GREEN
PAINTS, viz. Japan, or Varnish Greens, for Venetian Blinds,
&c. in Bottles, at le. 3d., 2s. 6d., and be. each. Rich Olive
and Brunswick Greens. in Powder or in Oil, la. to 2s. per lb. In.
visible Greens, No. I, 305., No. 2.40 x. per ewe. Invisible Olive,
A superior article, 565. per cwt. RUSTIC BROWN OIL
PAINT, ready for use, at 4d. per lb. TAR PAINT. a Chocolate
colour, ii,. per cwt., or casks of 3 cwt. for 213. WHITE LEAD,
31s. per cwt.; Ditto, warranted genuine, 405.; bead Colour, Chn.
colate Colour, Scone Colour, &c. &c. ANTICORROSION
PAINT, in Powder, 425. per cwt. LITH IC PAINT, 325.
AROMATIC PAINT, in Jars, at Is. and 2s. 6d. each, Or M-
yer lb. VARNISH ES—Crease's Fl.irit Copal Varnish, for Prints,
Drawings, Maps, Fancy-works, &c., in Bottles, at Is. each ; Pints
ss. ; Half Pints, 35.. with printed directions. Quick-drying Copal
Oak and Mahogany Varnishes, Japan Gold Size, Mastic Varnish,
Gold Lacquer, French Polish, &c.

RE-ANIMATION.
Fr HE Medicinal effects of Steel, as a strengthener end
deobstruent, have been acknowledged, for many years, to
excel those of all other articles of the Materia Medics. To con.
cringe and corroborate the solids, appears to be its primary ope-
ration. It raises the pulse, and renders the blood more pure:
strengthens the stomach and digestive organs, and is preferable to
all other remedies In cold, weak, lax, and humid habits; and in
nervous disorders it has the most powerful and beneficial effects.
SEDDON'S AROMATIC LOZENGES of STEEL are al-
lowed to be the best preparation of this invaluable Medicine, and
are a discovery of the first importance to the present and succeeding
ages, their happy ttfects being equally certain and permanent ; so
diffusely salutary, that while they restore tone to the nerves, and
health and vigour to the entire frame, they impart a genial warnith
through every fibre, and exhilarate the animal spirits in such a
manner, that they may fad/ be said to re-animate Nature. In all
cases of nervous debility, relaxation, and weakness of the system in
either sex, whether proceeding from juvenile indiscretions, hot or
Unhealthy climates, dissipation, excess, or any other cause what.
ever, they are the best, if not the only remedy. They set not as •
temporary stimulus or irritation, but by gradually strengthening
and renovating the eonetitution, exciting the healthy action of, and
imparting increased energy and vigour to, every part of the human
frame.

Prepared by J. P. Seddon, and sold wholesale and retail by his
agent, Mr. Gifford, 104, Strand, London, in boxes, at 7s, and 225.
each ; retail also by most venders of medicines in the kingdom.
Caution—Ask for Seddon's Genuine .tromatic Lozenges at Steel,
aid observe his signature on each boa.

TO THE ELECTORS AND PEOPLE OF THE UNITED

KINGDOM.
MY FELLOW-COUNTILYMEN
.. -

PARLIAMENT has been dissolved. You are there-
fore now employed, or about to be employed, in electing
your Representatives in the House of Commons. Let your first
question to every Candidate be—are you a proprietor of slaves, or
a West India merchant? If the answer is in the affirmative, I
would recommend to you a positive refusal, unless he be one of the
very few who have already proved themselves true friends to our
cause; or who, being known to you as a man of probity snd ho-
nour, will give you the security of his promise henceforth to sup-
port it in the !louse. But whoever the Candidate may be, demand
of him, as the condition of your support, that he will solemnly
pledge himself to attend in his place whenever any measure is
brought forward for the mitigation and progressive termina-
tion of Slavery by Parliamentary enactments ; and that he
will give his vote for every measure of that kind not inconsistent
with the spirit of the Resolutions of 3lay 1823, and the recom-
mendationa of his Majesty's Government founded on those Resolu-
tions. Unless such a pledge is given in these, or equivalent terms,
and more especially so as to exclude the subterfuge of still cont.
miffing the work to the Assemblies, the engagement will be of
little value, or rather, of none at all. Add to this right use of your
own vote, the widest and most active influence you can employ
with your Brother Electors to engage them to follow your example.
I cannot promise, my countrymen, that by such means your ge-
nerous wishes will be fully and certainly accomplished ; but one
end at least, and an inestimable one, you will be sure to obtain.
You will deliver your own consciences from any participation in the
guilt which you have used your best entleai arts to restrain.
I call upon you then solemnly, as fellow-countrymen and fel-
low-Christians, to exert yourselves to the utmost on this great and
interesting occasion. If you would prevent further sacrifices of
your manufficturing, commercial, and maritime interests, of your
revenues and military means, and of the security even of your
Colonies themselves ; if you would maintain the independence and
dignity of your Parliament, and its consttiutional supremacy over
the distant dependencies of the empire, without which they are a
degrading incumbrance and a nuisance ; if you would redeem the
sacred pledges you have given to the unfortunate slaves, and pre-
vent the perpetuation on them and their innocent offspring of a
bondage disgraceful to the British and the Christian name ; and
if you would rescue yourselves from the abhorred necessity of
imbruing your hands in their blood, when and as often as in-
tolerable oppression urges them to a hopeless resistance,—now, now
is your time to be active. Your constitutional and effectual path
is plain before you.
Let not any man who fears God, or laves his country and his fel-
low-creatures, think that this is a case in which he can warrantably
be neutral or passive. It might be sounder an arbitrary form of Go-
vernment; tut every man in this free country who has a vote, or a
voice that can influence the electors or elected, has in cues like the
presem a conscientious duty to perform, for the neglect of which
he will be justly and seriously responsible. Every degree of such
influence that we possess is not merely a privilege, but a trust ; and
the laws made or maintained by the representatives of a free people
are virtually of their own enactment.
Dismiss the idle hope that slavery will ever be abolished, or ma-
terially alleviated, by the will of the masters, or by 'the laws of
West Indian Legislators. It must be done, it dune at all, by Par-
liamentary authority.
Come forward then with your exertions on this occasion ; instruct
your Representatives ; give or withhold your suffrages for the next
Parliament, and use your personal influence throughout the coon.
try, all in such a manner as may beat promote the success of this
great and sacred cause.
If you succeed, you will give a new triumph to the British
Constitution, you will exalt the glory of your country in that
best point, her moral elevation, and recommend her to the favour
of Heaven.
If you fail, you will at least have the inestimable consolation that
you have done what you could" to undo the heavy barthen, and to
let the oppressed go free," and that the sins and calamitiu of your
county however pernicious in their consequences to yourselves or
your children, were evils which you could not avert.

HALL'S DIGESTIVE or DINNER PILLS.—In
consequence of the death of the Inventor, R. Hall, these
Pills are now prepared, genuine, by W. Griffith, Chemist, &c.
91, Hatton-garden, who invariably compounded them during his
re.idence with It. Hall, from August, 1824, to the time of his de-
cease, and subsequently for Mrs. Hall until Aprillast.
These Pitts have long been so well known, that little need
be said of their peculiar properties. Their efficacy is universally at-
tested for affording relief in all derangements of the stomach, whe-
ther Heartburn, Flatulence, Acidity, Head-ache, Giddiness, or any
other disorder arising from the various causes which produce Indi.
gestion, such as habitual costiveness, too free indulgence in the lux.
(tries of the table, obstruction in the biller! ducts, &c. &c. Acting
on the system generally,they do not impairany one organ,and thereby
differ from all violent medicines. They assist the liver in the per.
formancc of its important functions, and occasion a regular mild
action on the bowels. It is worthy of notice, that u these pills
contain neither antimony, calomel, nor any other preparation of
mercury, they do not require continement or alteration of diet.
gold in Boxes, at 2a. gd., 44. 6d., and Ela. 6d. each, by Singer,
150, and Chandler and Co.. 76, Oxford-street ; J. C. Hose (late
Kinnard), 309, High Holborn ; Johnson, 66, Cornhlll 4 Stradling.
Royal Exchange late; Hancock and Cheese,- 23, Shoreditrb
Rumball, Upper Marylcbone.strect ; Morgan, 11, Jamea.street,
Long-sere • Icinner, Totiii:l-street, Westminster ; Brunton, Bri-
tannia-place, Limeisouse ; F. N. Tenth, College-row, Ilomertnn;
Brown, Bevenden-street, New Homo*. *es- dr.c.
••• Observe Griffith" written on the Stamp affixed to
each bon containing the genuine pills.

BRIGHTON.
FREEHOLD AND LEASEHOLD ESTATES,

In Regency-square, ictiford-square, Brestonsstrect, Marine-
parade, &e.
By WINSTA NI.EY and SONS.
At the Auction Mart, on TUESDAY, the 27th inst. at 12, in
Twenty Lots,
VERY valuable anti desirable FREEHOLD and
LEASEHOLD ESTATES, and RU (LEUNG GROUND;
consisting of six Freehold If ouaes, in Bedford.aquare; a cottage,
and two plots of building ground in ditto ; two houses and a piece
of building-ground in Preston.' - • -
Ing-ground in an intended -
capital '
square
parade
To'
road

terrace; ,
particulars
in Brit,
Arthur
Collier.
Lincoln'

BAJ.EB BY AUCTION.

WA LT HA SI STOW.
COMMODIOUS FREEHOLD RESIDENCE,
With Offices, Gardens Pleasure-Grounds. and Twenty-one Acres
of Meadow Land, Gardens,
and Land-tax redeemed, and Ten
Acres of Copyhold Land adjoining
By WINSTANLEY and SONS,
In a short time,
A Valuable and most desirable FREEHOLD PRO-
PERTY, called the RECTORY MANOR ESTATfi,
tithe-free and land-tax redeemed $ consisting of a very memo..
dious and substantial residence, pleasantly situate at Church-hill.
Walthamstow, only six miles from London, containing accommo-
dations for a family of the first respectability, In noble specious
drawing-rooms, dining parlour, morniog-roorn, numerous clim-
bers, and dressing-rooms, with suitable offices of every descrip-
tion; coach-houses, stabling, yards, capital walled garden, 4aot-
house, billiard-room, farm-yard, cottage, and paddocks •f rick
meadow land ; the whole comprising about 21 acres.
Also, the RECTORY MANOR, witty its rights, privileges.
and appurtenances, court fines, at the will of the Lord, quit rents.
&c.; and a pew in the middle aisle of Walthamstow Chordi $
likewise a field of Copyhold Laud aujoining, end containing about
ten acres.

•
_.
The day of sale, with further particulars. will be duly notified in
this and other Papers. and In the interim the Ii ouse may be viewed
by tickets only, which can be obtained of Winstanley and Sons,
Paternoster row.

•
ABSOLUTE REVERSION OF ONE THOUSAND FIVE
HUNDRED AND THIRTY-ONE POUNDS EIGHT
SHILLINGS, THREE AND A HALF PER CENIS.
B 7 Mr. ROBINS,
(Of Warwick !louse, Regetu-stree.),
Peremptorily, at CI-arras/Ws Coffee-house, Tbringe-alley, Cam.
hill, THIS DAY, at 12,
THE ABSOLUTE REVERSION or £1,531 As.
. THREE AND A HALF PER CENTS., on the De-
mist of a Lady, in the 76th year of her age, standing in the Naines
of two respectable Trustees.

TA VLSTOCK-SQLT A It E.
Desirable Residence, with a capital Billiard-room, detached dotift!'s
Coach-house, antl excellent Stabling for SiX Horses,. Harness-
rooms, Men's Rooms, and Loft over.
By Mr. ROBINS,
(Of Warwick House. Regent-street),
On the Premises, No. 32, on the South side of Taristoek-square,
on WEDNESDAY N ::XT. at I, in Two Lots,
t Valuable LEASEHO ESTATE, comprising a
capital and substantial ESIDENCE, commodiously
planned, elegantly fitted up, anflAdapted fur the actommedstion
of a gentleman's family ; mote**, on the upper floor, five good
bed-toonis ; on the second floor, two capital bed-chambers, dress-
ing.rootn., water-closet, &e. ; prOlglbal floor, two elegant draw-
ing.runms, communicating by folding doors, and verandah in front ;
ground floor, entrance hall and vestibule, an excellent dining par-
lour, library, housekeeper's room, and water-closet, with steps
leading to a capital spacious billiard-room. In the bas meet are
all requisite offices, with excellent cellars for wine, beer, Ugh!, &c.
In Woburn Mews, at the back, an excellent do able coach-house
and stabling for six horses ; with harness.rooms, loft, and men's
rooms over, fitted up in the best manner. The premises are de-
sirably situate for any professional gentleman, or those whose avo-
cations may require their attendance in the City.
Tu be viewed by tickets, end particular, may he had on tha
premises; of Messrs. Perkins and Frampton, Solicitors, Ne. I,
gray's lon-square ; at Odrraway's ; and of Mr. Robins, 170, R!-
gent-street.

TAVIS'FOrR-IiQUARE,
SPLENDID AND FASHRENABLD FURNITURE.
Nol.le brilliant plate chimney-glasses, elegant rich chased ormolu
and bronze Grecian chandeliers and girsndJles, beautiful Paritain
clocks, costly ornamental china, &c., an elegant brilliant-toned
grand pianoforte, by bloc ; carved and gilt. thine ;),attle tier
tables, and glasses in antique frames; a rapital futi.sit..tri
table, complete ; a rich cut glAss dessert service, and supaib
china; about

150 OUNCES OF HANDSOME PLATE ;
A cellar of choice Old Nines; and other effects, the property
of a Gentlemasi.
By Mr. ROBINS.
(Of Warwick House. Regent-street),
On the Premises, No. 52, Tarb.tock-square, on ‘VEDNEEDAY
NEXT, and following lay, at 11,
THE Superb FURNITUftF, comprising "nits of
costly blue tlama,k thawing-room window curtains; rose.
wood frame inlaid sofa, couches, Ottomans,' chairs, &c. en 'mire :
handsome crimson cloth dining room and library curtaits; elegant
carved mahogany four-post. couch, and other bedsteads, who
handsome chintz furniture end window moraine en suite ;' race/fent
down and feather beds and bedding; Parisian wing wardrobes ;
chests of drawers; cheval and other dressing glasses ; handsome
dressing-stands, bed-steps, &c. ; noble chinney-glasses of large
dimensions; carved and gilt frame marble pier-tables, and glasses
in antique frames ; costly rosewood inlaid pier-cabinets; orna-
mental china; beautiful Parisian clocks; elegant rich chased in.
molts and bronze Grecian chandeliers for twelve anti eight lights
each, and girandoles en suite, on brackets; aCostly brilliast.toned
grand pianoforte, with cylinder front, by Mott ; -capit,d
billiarti-
table, by Chisholme, with brass branches, &c. for lights, complete;
excellent well-made cabinet ar:ieles, in rosewood and mahogany,
inlaid with brass, and French polished ; boo, Sofa, occasional back'.
gammon, card, and other tables - a set of patent dining do. ;
splendid pedestal, sideboard, and compo. figures, with lamps;
oval marble fount; eating-room and library chairs, and sofas. in
morocco and hair cloth; capital Turkey and Brussels carpets and
hearth-rugs; polished steel tenders and tire-irons ; handsome
bronzed frame Gothic hall lamp, chairs, and numerous other
articles; a rich cut-glass dessert service, and superb china; about
150 ounces of handsome plate; and cellar of peculiarly choice Old
Vines, about ILO dozen of port, claret, &c.
May be viewed Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday, preceding the
sale, by catalogues at 2s. each, to be had on the premises; of
Messrs. Perkins and Frampton, Solicitors, No. I, Gray's ntt_
square; at Garraway's Coffee-house; and of Mr. Robins, 17e,
Regent.street.
BOOKS OF PRINTS, BOOKS. DRAWINGS, PRINTS,

CARVINGS; ENAMELS, its.
By Mr. CHRISTIE,
At his Great Room, King. treat, St. James's-square, TO-MOH-
R° W. precisely at 1,
AVALUABLE Assemblage of BOOKS of PRINTS,
consisting of the Liber Veritatis, • fine old copy ; Hearne
and Byme's Views; Britton's Cathedral Antignittes ; Smith's
Views in Italy ; Large Antes to Shakspeare ; sum: Books
on English Literature, in elegant bindings; Drawings by Hearne,
Sandby, POCOCK &c. and Engravings. Also a few Miniatures,
Carvings in Wocid and Ivory, Enamels, &c.
May be viewed this day.

CELLAR OF FRENCH AND FOREIGN WINES,
LIQUEURS, AND OLIVES. •
1111)-A7.1uL„Le Two,res
saamebs; that THIS
TION,
at his Rooms, New Bond-street, a CELLAR of TWO HUN-
DRED DOZENS of excellent WINES, of high flavour. sad
approved vintages, including old crusted and newly bottled Parr,
pale and brown Sherries, East India and 31ainisey and &rev
Madeira, Hermitage Burgundy, Clarets. Coti Roti, two cases of
sparkling Champagne, and an assortment of choice LiqWeors, in
Curley-rat, Maraschino, Noyeau ; French Olives, &c. The whole
warranted to accord with the samples which maybe tasted at tte
time of sale; and catalogues had at 54.

LIBRARY OF BOOKIS,
Pictures, Fowling-pieces, Bronzes, Jewels, and Valuables ofJ.
Watson, Esq.
R ;1114 Id
FRIDAY,rete fualtl yTwanonohuen,eehaaii thatlß ;WT.
AN
by AUCTION, at his Great Rooms, New Bond-street, • Man
LIBRA RV of BOOKS, and Books of Prints, in excellent eon.
dition and bindings, including the Florence, Hongtiton, Staftosd.
Derby, and other galleries ; l'yne's Royal Residences, Baillies'
Engravings and Nl'orks on History, Divinity, &c. illustrated Sri la
plates; trio fowling-pieces by Mortimer and Clarke, in eases seve-
ral sets of carved chessmen, a gold musical enufr-box and tine:.
watches, silver tankard and bronses, a cabinet pianoforte, and Mil..
cellaneous valuables, the property of J. Watson, Esq.
Slay be viewed, and catalogues hod at Mr. Pbilllpa's.
SPLENDID CARPETS of the TOURNAY FACTORY.
I 11:U1R) 11)/LYLIVaTre,813teTwfuo,"FLUsAanlrifinM1 SUBMIT yonAtlt
TION, at his Great Rooms, New Bond-street, a cosstaar.
!RENT of THIRTY SPLENDID TOURNAY CARPET* of
superior manufacture, adapted for the saloon, boudoir, drawitigusel
dining rooms. The patterns are principally selected from clie4Ve-
tican, and '

~
I

building-ground in Preston. street ; a piece of freehold build-
;.ground in an intended road leading to Shepherd's Acre; four
pital leasehold houses in Regency-square; one ditto in Redford-
uare ; three capital freehold houses, Eastern-terrace, Marine-
rade ; estimated to be of the annual value of near 2.0001.
To be viewed by application to Mrs. Michell, No. 56, King's-
td Mrs. --, 14. Bedford-square; Mr. Pottioger, 7, Eastern.
race; of whom, and of Mr. Attree, Solicitor, Brighton, printed
rticulars may be had. Parllculars also at the Luxuries sad Ines,
Brighton, Worthing, and Hastings at the Mart; of Mr.
,thur Clark, Solicitor, Bishopsgate F.:numb-put of Messrs.
Mier. Birch, and Merchant, soficttors, No. 9 Caret- street,
no:do's-inn ;at the Mart; and of Winsteeley and Oita, rates-

titan, and exhibited' in the most ;lent 'ant brilliant colours, toes
gether with a variety of well-fancied patterns. composed of, gam
lands, bouquets, fruits, flowery, and allegorical designs, tumid
equal to the most finished paintings ,• the texture pmsemes gr*it
durability, while their elegant appearance gives to the op:violets
a superior beauty and dress beyond any other carpets.
May be viewed at Mr. Phillips's, 73, New Bend-street.
IMPORTATION FROM PARIS.
ELEGANT FRENCH FURNITURE, BLIOUTERIE.
BALL DRESSES, FLOWERS, pia.
31
MR.
(1;111111LT' ptel: ;il:awtilregq:
MIT by AUCTION, at his Rooms, New Rend-steeel. a •
sliroment of splendid PARISIAN FURNITURE., or the own
recent and fashionable designs, inchitnnir..lloolo, doicsine. Mos
earl, toilette, work and other tablet; hoolleiera* eallineta.*o4l •
nisi end seer, tattoo, and library tables. embed peploses. &C.
priately mounted sad enriched withartaidu i la's; eh
"ormolu cloaks. bijmorric. womb*, riworloP4 • •
flowers, &C. ; the whole of which mra
witl4ll_•,ivon_ll), atit,ff• •
May be viewed 'at Mi. /Mauve
catalogues may be had.
