%sordid laws, wli:elt It was established to preserve
sod derend ? Is it because it afforded every facility
so the enemy to usetrp the ssvereilkiity of Sprits, to,
destroy the liercditary succession of the Crown and
the Dymakity posse.,iou, and rocuguited
and seated on tite-throae a foreigner, destitute rico
. . _ _

(if the shadow of a title to it ; foe it is iucontro-
von i tily iiiainkat, that the renunciation of Charm.
IV:•-ift its favour gavetirm no such claim? What
coatidenee amnia the Spanish 'tattoo plare in a Go-
+trimmest created by en ombority invalid cud ii-
legel, sod whirl, hid aleovendereal itself thispeeteal,
b 7 the previons commission of acts of so horrible a
dascripteeo. Ilea. the.,, may be justly ntuked with
the most atrovious crimes against the country ? . -
"'Me Cou.wit of Castile being thus exciudel
from ell cosisideration—who should eoheoke the
Cortes Ttic authority to convoke them is a part of
the itatettrier not eitelasetve pterogative of the King.
The provinces would oat salmon to any other nu-
thastity ; they avoi.l,l not unite ; there wou!d be no
Curtest turd" eheeld a few delegates assemble, that
sere einanustalice would elyose the kingdom to di-
eieion—tlie evil which all wish to avoid.
•.. ekvides the cities who have votes in the Cortes
Mee not undertaken the defence of the kingdom,
isor of themselves nor in their eorporete capacity,
have they wide say effort to defend it. We enter-
tain the most proftenta respect both for thew and
their ..ielits i hot truth compels us to speak out.
• .. Mo.t nodotslitedly, however, the cities who have
votes in the Cortes. in than conducting themselves,
meted with consummate prudence, and with a, glue
olvervaisee of liw. The kingdom found iteelf sud-
denly withnutli King, and without a. iiovernment
—► isteatioe indeed Unknown in our bisloty, stud
to our laws. The people legally resumed the power
of avatiointing a Government; and this ttuth has
been openlly avowed by various Supierne Juntito:—
The people created these motes withott payieg
woe regard to the cities who have votes is the
senors. The legitimate posses is therefore depo-
sited with the Supreme Juntas, and, in virtue of
that ;sower, they have governed and do govern with
vied andineitv. and have been and still are aclinoiv-
le:l4fel and obeyed by all ranks of subjects, and by
all e.ttes is their respectiee districts having votes in
the Cortes. Their situation has not changed ; the
danger mill exists; no new tinhorn/ has super-
vened; the lawful authority therefore realties entire
in the Juntas which the people created, and to
which thec confided it.
" It re therefore, itteontestible that the Supreme*
Jnotas have the sole and excluere right of elacting
tlivme who are to compo.e the Supreme sloverit-
meet. as the only mew:* of proteetiug and preserv-
ioe Cie kiii4drun, wnose defence the people hay:
*entrusted to them, sod which mainot he accom-
plished but by the ettabliatunent of a Supreme
Goverument. Nothing is more evidedit than this
-truth.
" And whom shall the Supreme Junta elect
Most certainly individuals of their owu body; for
they alone derive their power from the people, and
it is its their constituent Members that the people
have reposed their entire confidence. Should any
other penmns be chosen, they wonld possess neither
the cousideuce nor the a aosent of the people, and
ail their acts would be null and void ; and front
thus want of confidence, the nation would be ex-
posed to intestine dieisious, the last and greatest
of all our calamities.
.. Hence, it there be any province in which the
railitery power has alone beet' retained, results the,
absolunt necessity of constituting Supreme Juntas,
in which the power of the people shall reside, and by.
which they may act. Whether they shell be con-
stituted by the petty Cortes or any other bodies,
their appointment, in some form or other, is iodise
petenitec, in order to the concentration of the legiti-
mate power of the pecyle, and the establishment
of a Civil Goverument, which shall inspire mati-
drnee into the people, and proceed to the choice of
rooms who shall compose the Supreme Govern-
• snout. which, under the present circumstances, can-
not be legitimate, antes it has its origin iii the free
coaemit of the people.
.. It seems thea to be indispensably necessary,
. that all the Supreme Juntas, meeting on the some
.day, should each elect, front among their own mem-
. -bees, two Deputies to form the Supreme Govern-
•satent, mei the persona au elected should, from that
.moment, he reputed, tied actually be the Geyer-
more-tleneral of the kingdom; and that as such
°they" should be universally acknowledged and
ishetel. .
" Tlieir authority is well known, and cannot be
.eithject to ens alouie. The Stusretne Junta of Vs-
leach( has most judiciously marked its extent and
knits, in the paper which theypublisbed on this
question, ou die 16th of July. We shall, therefore,
te• ei:stsoil from going more at large into the coil-

olersiion of it.
'44 We will only add. that the Supreme Juntas
ouxiit to he continued with all their aopoustraeots
aiia ca.ignis, and be invested with the internal Go-
scrams-ids of their respective provinces, until the
emiciavion of the present start. of things, but at
the same time under due subordivatiou to the Su-
preme Government. In these Supreme Juntas
rens:its the legitimate power of those portions of the
',torte who have rrspectivily created them. It is
their duty to take measures for insuring the hap-
. pine,* of their constituents, through the medium
.of a jest Ovierrniumst. and viinlatitly to protect and
defend eve rights slavery individual among their.
For this purse they ought to give their 'Lonnie..-
ties:li to their respective Deputies. eonstitutiog the
. Suisreme Genera:neat ; non it will be the duty of
• the late.-r to observe tha.ii„ and to represent and
..suppArt the claims of thei:- provinces. as far as may
be c • .si.tent with the general prosperity.
e• If there e‘isited among us a Royal Personage,
capa-rie of prewinina in this Supreme Government,
reason nod justice :ire.scnbe that he, and lie other,
sionu'rt itimoiutril to thst office. Bat if there
Itoyal Personage, the:Supreme Govern-
snout 4iiust elect a President from its own hotly.—
: To oireiote every danger. hos ever, the Presidency
Would be tem;•orary, and continue only for a fort-
ni*lsr, a month, or any other term, agreeable to
die Astprimie (...;overnment, upon the lapse of which
•ven...l it ithoul,l ineusntieut on them to choose a

datt'r•ot 1.11...f,11!1 •
4. AV nave a:r•arty reniark•d, and it is unneces-
-rif-e to it, tirtt the Sttpretn..
.rlect, as I.),pitir% to foe Supreme (;overunn
ut th,ir as ar.: 1113bt

for their tel.* ts, their genortil kuewhige ofleigisla-
titin, nod all the bratief public welfare Dud ,
lecollectiug that they an to be the
depostiorics of the hope* of the kingtbin. This
Skpreme Jutita,in full reliance upon the 'onerous
character of Spaniards, middle-1r ardent atinelimeut
to the good of their country, mares ittieif that in-
trigue, pa.ity., Itr personal iuterest of prestilectioas,
will 'wive i'h no olm:aye upon tins sec:coon.
" The Svpreine Snots. will, iti the first instance,
appoint the place witivii shall be the seat of the
SatttatAe Covefilistrat, who shall afterwards
ad-
here to or alter lilac ativointitient, as they think tit,
abcortlin4 to a plurality •of votes. The seat of
Grovertune.ii; as has been most wisely observed by ,
ghe Supreme Junta of Valeucci, ought to be at a
distance f:cia all the deniers of war, cud should,
as a elaint larefervime, possess other advantages
of a local nature. Seville couceives herself to pos-
seiesall tl.e.e'talvaiiniges, but liar no anxiety to' I.e
selected ; tar she will Swett Corvlailly saeritice ail
her claims to what the other Supreine Juntas shall
decidde to- be for Oa general prosperity of the
kingdom. The Suprezie Juntas will, therefore,
make known their pleasure ow to this point, when
they notify the election of their Deputies. In the
mean time we sill frankly state, that La Illauelia
appears to no watt convenient for the seat of Go-
veramcut, and there we would particularly Dame
its. lava cities . Citadel Real or Aliutigna. But
on this subject we are no wi* anxious ; we leave
it entirely. to the free choice of the Supreme
Junta.. _ _ _

" It rentaiiiconly that we speak of this Supreme
Yenta ofeisivilte, upon which point wit shalt not say
con ieh. Certiitt peesousiiither ignorant or malevo-
lent, have‘iideavoured to spread the persaamion
that we atieeted a eisperiotity Over the other pro-
vinces. Au: such thougin has
sheep wirijrn, us,
although 'We general good of the nation baa Lieu
our guide, and, ts rj; were, the soul of ull our deter-
minations. ' We possessed the only fcrundery for
cannon latlielcioAileai, and eines. and aminuuitioa
in a mimeos/ignite:of antudanee. ilarinhs Cap-
tains-General ackuoirledgede livid' the commence-
ment:and veteran trope were more 131313Wry314. josses
province than in eat.:aer parts; aid thus wi formed
au arms to *slimier time, rod heeedsimased the
enemy, who have surrendered prisoners attar; with
their General Oupout, intl. have capitulated for the
divisite.s of Generals Vedel sad Gobert, who are to
be conducted to France, aniehottoK &gorilla to
17,000, men, so that there does not remairi a oiligle
French eoltbei in arm. in the Andalusias; a victory
most gloriat.s ai.d simutar, which has been etfectod
without the e.fiwtou of much Spanish blood, in
which it a.,peare we stand alone.
" Chit 1..crl situation of the Aodalusias presents
also a .e pedsable mode of defence against the
arms of Napoteon, if he means to uttack us ; and,
with this vies, we have ouited with us the Portu-
guese provitiees of Agerva and Aleutego, aho
have placed theinseltaa udder our protection ; and
the Canary Isles have seat ism deputy for the same
purpose.
" The greater opalatimesilrer other peculiar cis-.
consstances of these provitites offeri resources
which the re,t want; and we have thus been en-
abled to wake provision for intrisesae espease, with-
loat having received any moues- from any other
part, or imposed any contributions.
'Fbe marine arsenal of the Ide of Leon, per-
haps the most considerable of all, obeyed MO from
the beginning, and with it the SponiSh *quadri:in off
Cadiz, whose force is the greatest, and has been
since augmented by that of the French moored in
that harbour, and suirendered to us at discretion.
" Gibraltar, the famous English -fortress, is in
our territory, and one of the most environs squa-
drons of. that nation kept our coast in a suite of
blockade. We immediately, therefere, opened a
communication mile Gibraltar, and with the Eng-
lish squadron, has given us all the n..sistaiice
that watt in its power, sent as a resident Minister at
the -very-first, and conveyed our Deputies to Lou-
don, to request subsidies, and settie a peace advan-
tageous to the whole station.
AshislA so many serious cares, we hat.' trans-
mitted ail the arms which it was possible to trans-
mit to Grenada. Evtreinadnia has received a still
greater number, met ties expetisioced our protection,
and so has Cordova and Jan.. We have offered
arms to IA Mancha, to Murcia, to Tarragon, to
Gerona, who requested them of us, and we exerted
ourselves to the unmet to fulfil the promises which
we had made.
a We have not forgotten the rest of the European
provinces and kingdemis, end we hope in time that
the effects of our zeal and vigilante will be made
clear and public.
" The Americas claimed at the first a great
share of our attention, in ordef to preserve that so
principal a part of the Spanish Monarchy. We
have sent Envoys. and Commissaries thither anal to
Asia, in order that thug may unite themselves to
us, which we could not do without qualrfying our-
selves as the Stipreme Junta for the Government
of Spain and the Indies. and we trust t'.; it this
title and opr cares will not be found ageless. So
many labours, surrounded by so many dismser„
will, we trust, deserve some consideration of our
country, for the love and defence of which only at
have done and suffered so much.
414 With all this, a e repeat, that we neither affect
nor desire any superiority. il'hatever we have done,
we owed to our country : it was an indispensable
obligation upon us. Our only object is, that Spain
may preserve its integrity and independence, for
our Lord amid King, ferdinand Vii. and for that
object we joyfully roeritiee Our lives. May God,
who has so clearly and inarec!lonsly shean his pro-
, tectinn of Spain, grant a safe return ,to its King
Ferdinand VII. aiiil then, with the Solite:ea Co.
vernruent, he will determine whit may be his Eclat
ail!, either commanding an union of the Cortes, or
by •tich other nurser as his prudence soar suggest,
and will facilitate the reform of abuses and the ge-
neral happiness of the kiagdom. tecuring it upon
such foundations as are firm, and subject to no
change.
a If these hopes are vain, in which the cleincncy
. of God leads is. to indulge ; then the eel-tint( Su-
preme Covenimeat will
itself dettftilifte what is
most conducive to the interest of the kingiloni,
enufonning itself to the fundamental laws thereof,
it against the fury mod malice of our
cucrnirs, and preservitie this Moinirchr, in which
itself, VI, Liberty of Nations, and the Catholic

Church, the Leloved grouse 'of out Lord Jesus
Christ; is so deeply iutertsted.
',Given N the` kyal Palace of Seville, this ad
day of August, tons;
" FIRANCIS sa4ve.npA, Arel;:tiaLop of taatiiees
the Matto( the Chapter of the Holy Church, FRAN .
CIS RACIER CIF-SrvE:;os, VINCENT Hoar:
• FRANCIS 1•I9I. BERMUL:t); MANUEL (111;
• Father 0)1E1'H ..117.tN FEB-
14AN'DO Atilll.fte; Coact TILLY ; Marquii de
la GRAr4ImA; Marquis de 'FORBES, sad eLvea
Inhere.
"By cyanamid of hb Serene Highacaa."

IV REIGN LVOLLIGENCE..

UANIBOitai PAYERS.

MADRID, JULY eR.

The ceremony of the proclamation of
which took phice kere oa the tilt. had t.oute-
thin; in it very impo:ting. 'lke tine old costutne
gore •u the occasion bud an avo:i Oen:
also the asiociet4 tune Of proclamation, mach wnate
follows : chlebtAing at Arms procluth.ed—
.• Silriseio ! °id. Wel, Uiel
Castalla, Castilla! Par of rry 'resit° Soler, cut

..... , _
Dior giiiirda, Dom.&kph 11uptdc.,ni I."—(tittrisce,
Silence, Silence! Dior, Hear, Hear ! for the Kilig
our Lord, *bout God preserve, Doti Joseph Na-
poeon I.)—This was the %bilk jirriirolo,
was repeated its all the usual public places; und
atter which money was thrown among the people.
. _ •

.
Vesttedtty the Lull-fights began in- the Amphi-
theatre, Leture the gate of Alcals, They begun
at ten o'clock iu the Morning, and lasted till one ;
and again a second time at five, and continued till
14 bulls were killed. The concourse of people
was pro:'igions, as no ektertainment of the Lind
bad been knoan for several years; and the fondness
of the Spaniards for these fights approaches &hams:
to madness. Next Saturday these bull-fights alit
be repeated.

RASTADT, AVG. 22,

A corps of troops is forming at Rastath, which
was intended at first fu. consist of Ippon men, but
in consequence of later orders,' will now be made
4,460. Coithitl Porheek is appointed Commander.
It is tolt,e heady to march on the 14th of August.
We are insured that this carps will go to Mentz,
and, in conjunction with other troops of the Confe-
deration of the Rhine, will occupy a camp near
Motithurg„ ou the *ft hank of the Rhine; it will
therefore belong to the army of reserve under Mar-
abal

ROW THE 311AINF4 AVG. 424.
•
AccorJeng to thee public journals, the Frt ncb
army, collected on the left bank of the Rhine. from
Strasbnrgh to Wesel, is to bear the name of the
Army of Reserve of the Rhine.

MAPLES. AUG. 31.

Manilla' Perigee, arcerentor of Naples, and
LieutenanteGeneral of the Kingdom, arrived here
yesterday.
Expensive entertainMents are preparing in the
city of Naples to celebrate the arrival of our new
Sovereign. illarshal Perigon, who arrived here,
yesterday, is to take the pLacecf Marshal !suntan,
who is gone to Spain.
A French and Austrian cabinet courier lately ar-
vired here from Paris, and %arra immediately fol-
lowed by Gary Nish:lined, a coulier from the Tusk-
ish eteliassy, who continued his jouruey for Con-
stantinople.
The Austrian army will. it is said, be divided
iuto eight gram' divisions, esw4) of 40,00 n men,
poder the command-of the Archduke, and other
Generals.

WARSAW, '*VG. 15.

This day being the birth day of the Emperor,
Napo.eou the Great, was celebrated hers by the
firing of artillery, sod the drawing out on the
parade of all the French. Pplislia and Saxon troops.
About noon alt the civil and military authorities, as
also the faergy, spii&ACifiti the Duke, Marshal Da-
voinit, to complOryst tint on the occasion, and to
express the gratitude due from the Polish cation
to the Great Monarch. At night there nes a go.
neral illuminaticn: The Palate of the Marshal
was embellished with 6,000 14111 P-9, aild a variety
of trausparencies and devices. So splendid or ge-
neral an illumination was utter kilos a 4 here.

It hikintended to t•rrct a statue of the Emperor
Napoleon, as large as life. iu tte Place tie le Re-
publique, in the name of tbe*galef!al
na-
tion.

AMERICA.

FROa TaENEW:TORE PAPER& •

WIEW-VORK, JULY 9.;,,

The Government schooner Hope, Cupti.in 11. uoil-
ward (sacs The Satiogia trot Friday last)
sailed yesterday. She viirries not two 111essirusers,
Capt. holey to France, h•lct- 'Sir. Atwater to Eng.
land. Captain Raley iv ill lie trials& at Ilavre-de-
Grace, while Mr. Monter will repair to England.
On the return of Ciipt. Miley from Paris, the IJ.pe
will sail for Englaiiil, whence she will return to this
place with Capt. !later And Mr. Itteater.
The Neii-Orkwas t;ezcite of June Igi says—
" Wc learn Now Raton Rouge. that serious sp-
pretiensinsts have been enteitsiii.d by Governor
Grand Pre, of a rebellion ii„-uinst the Government
of Ills Catholic Majeste, unit that llijor Ellis, for-
.nterly of this city, has been aurebtv..l, uud is in
close custoey."

The President of the Uniti.ri Sates lert Wask-
ingtnn, on Wednesday 'Art, for
Eetraet of a letter from a rev':v.-table mercentil:
house in Tridideri, dated July 1 :—" With re-
gard to our marlets hero fur Armoricrin produce,
you are egre-;;.on-ly uu,taken when cnu suppo,,
them high. We hate just received 13,01-0 barrels
of fresh flour from Possn'aquodd ; imt a wet k
passes but some vessels are dropping in Phi-
ladelphia, Norfolk, .ke. with that article. from
the arrangement' now made with Ilalifax and Ca-
nada. we have no doubt but we oii I he s.vilarly
supplied with that articir. of
barrels would lint jret now coin:p.n..: snore than
twelve dolt:tr.. I,sist Sipteniber. to, vino+ to the
embargo, it teas soli at ciAhteen milled do!.
lera. From the MJ:ts ne get fir-h beef.
ee,endiles, &e. We fiti.l by vie ran li. e
iirlefsendeut oriefferslii au,l his e11i1.W.%;0 LIIV."
. . _

A letter from Halifax, dated 3ni. 7, mention.,
thnt dour 1,113 7rt1;114 rather seiee; but that
eualrist perk had tava suld fcr 15 dullars

lori•1 ;—lkyr•wof. I-2 pet pound; yea' Ic
cob t. cents."

The l:oetritor of Nora Scotia hat rub •sh,l
•,
only Irztry, pitch, tar, tlirvetitilse, ",
are admi:isible t..t.v.Al ato:es. TNr p •,„
neutral t nide to Nova have 1,. „.„
o Ne...--nruos%Cv. k. 1:1 the New-Brit•!,‘,i,

artie:r4, are he;nd,

r, L•,

pitch, tit..., turltrutiu••, cutt4,ll, u„t ut
provi.iious

At a Calii t !outwit, head some Ottyt...i!„
.the of iii. N;.ije.ty I(il,g 't
first, it Witi rI.....AVVA (-I i
ketors to pay on re art! to the of t
if South Cairoi”iit, bit 411.pect ettr:
titer t!.ere true sositictotis (.4c:otos:a:to, et e.
_No ti.•..sel van ito.% ClL:Area OWL %41,111. vcri
%too f..ont Hi. ajesty., or twine of ho,
6,i;e111,1 deei....oas of oar Ce 11...
arlsitt,itify set tit tiougist, e.e i!t
substititt.J for taw. if thi.
eott,litute ( :o,l's mune

IVe have %nat.., lltltil oils i'tipu r to,v

itt the 4.xpect.itio:: of ;ct•eavi::4 A CI.
Cireithar of the Trea.ury
have not been fortunate eno.t4ls
believe we way pru:daie it is oar tiev.--f
Fed.) AL... o.
CUrruX

OUST d, lOUS .
NOTICE.
Ne vessel having. rtee'vtJ pereiiiwioti for was fet.''.ell
ceu Le ele.tr..l ur peruoitieil to depart f.we tkei
Enda!, the 13th inst.
throcrs of resactr. to ebom permission had lurami'y
Smote!, either for Eitrupe, Asa, ur Africa, Anti Mb,/ Dell
not a' ailed thenisels es of the same, eautat, after this nary
be permitted to die Patch their vessels.

Al:Cti

A report it in circulation,. that in lie

of the iliopute which brought on the affair &
Chesapeake last yea:. it was a que.tion a4:ta,
a Council. held at Vt-aaliiiiqtogi. in April,

- .
they the deloerter, front Lora Townshend's si:
Nor&lk, eitonbi be rweived nn board t 11.!

peake, and protected by the Notional Fia4 ?'•
It is whispered, that on this question :iir.
LATIN 01)1,1i0114 that to ro,,r.
by the do; of one autism, deserters from the 0,,v,
of n.tother, was ju >tido:de cause of war; and
Ibis caNc, wheii the two ships lay alongside el'
other, the publicity of the act rendered the
sion the mare iotolerslile." It is :ikeui...e

that the majority of the inviihrrs of aultui.list.r
over-ruled this wise and temperate opiniu,
them arcattrititited the consequence..

THE BRITISH PPI:.,-)S.I

LON D')N,
FRIDAY. SErriaissa 16.

SURRENDER OF JUNOT, AND THE arsa
FLEET IN THE TAGUS.

Yesterday was a day Qt great anxiety ail ri
pectation, sad the taws was anc seared t: I
au early hour.—At four o'c'.: ek ma. Cap aii
Ev arta arrivea at a-. aa.i......-a..., -is& .X.,-.....hy
from Admiral Sir JAYS, SAUSAIREL A re;,t
immediately prevailed that they brouet an .-
count that the Russian and Eioglial fleets an
left in sight of each other in the Baltic, and t'a
an action was unavoidable when Captain Ern;
• came away.—About half past four p.a. two on.
cers arrived express at the Admiralty, Eli t
was generally behesed that they were coat
with an account of the action. This was a
error.—The officer; arrived came from the T.
gus with an account of the surreuder of J:-
not and the Russian fleet. Lord Mu tot ter. i•s;
mediately went with tile dispatches to the Fe:. :a
Office, and a Council was held upon them, a •
sat for it considerable time. About five o'rlo, a. -
followiug Bulletin was distribated iu the-Mini:4:Al
Circles :

The Captain of the Gut is arrival from fir C Co'*
at tine Ada/rally, Siir flew Idat.swn cur.'s ros
Secretary of 9:ate's OtZre. The substance of foe
pence *loch they bring is, that we have enteral int
'motion with the flinch and Jt; a *ho are to he
venal to Prawn lo British vessels, but rut as pr
WIZ. The surrender of thc Russian tket is itichleci •
Conveftt:ata, bet to lie restwral al the cigiciiisiAs of st.i

'Ube public having been long encou7
Mini,ter, through their fAvotirite Jour: 111:

forwani to the up surrenlor JL
and the Rutrian fleet, anti consegnettkl..• t'.
pate t:te tothit. gintions moult from PortA,
come very iartp:tih,nt, but nothing officill
to grata: their eager curiosity. Orders, '!

. _
sa.4l, were given fur the Park anti Tower ir
tire, Lut no in:meth:de firing took ;'lac .. I
alb° snows:et!, that, as in all other

an.l tars, a communication V.
made to the cly. It is trio.• that a mall. !IC
to be a Messenger Bunt the Ailtniral, •

sippearaece, but he did r.Gt rroii•
crcttcutials, and hi, urkuunee e:ily c

to increase the itit7.atietwe l 0 ki ree

the wean timr, Tttv
1.'4.1 spread the itat.lll4Loc.: hro C.“
the 31(.401w:i5. mod thAi L.: to
The 111ausoi.-lluti.ie
blockade. A Breit
to ?see au

.rnwri stirri

.d it,
