- -
iieiseNAL
Afire trileb
PEDRO LOBO.
Dna Garman de Prichneo,„ Mr. H. Baker; Don Carlos de
Gumwas, Mr. Healey; DWI Rarnirez.de Fonseca, Mr Baker;
Dor Alamo, Mr. Howard; enchain, Mr. Strickland;
Diego, Mr. Osberry ; Bertram, Mr.G. &MI6. Dona. Clara,
Woo E Scott; Durum Lairs, Miss Smith; Flora, Mrs.
; Idargarrtia, Miss Hopkias. •
To eiroelade with a Graud Tragic Barletta, curled
INCIFUSKIN, KING OF BYTHUYPHORBIA.
lasafteskin, Mr. H. Baker; Sesteatious, Mr. Valera;
Cosispiratom Meows. ()sherry and Tar/Imre ; Jureies Floo-
rs, Mr. G. Smith. Griakintla, Miss Healey; Scrubiada,
Mrs. retiree.
To-morrow will be presented a Bwrletta, In three Acts,
railed Zorayela; or, Scenes is Fashionable Life.
Dozes 45.--Pit Is.—Half Price at Half Past
Eight.

On the VOA lost: will be published (with the Almanacks),
price its. boards, with as elegantly coloured Frontispiece
of Shell.,
TIME'S TELESCOPE for 1822 ; or, a com-
plete Guide to the Almansek, and the Astronomer's,
Botanist's, Naturalist's, and Hist°. Companion throusgh-
out abe Year; die whole intelipersed with a variety of
amusing Anecdotes and appropriate Illustrations from our
hest living Port.: to which is prefixed, an Introduction,
curtaining the Outlines of Conehology.
Ile trim wishes to turn his Telescope-on human events, or
on the Heavens—to be directed agreeably to the women on
his observation, of nature—to know why cow day is more
remarkable than anotber—why we must est mince-pies at
Christina', or Pancakes on Shrove Tuesday—why we must
eat goose at Michaelmas, or be made a goose of on All Fool's
Day—or who, in short, wishes to know what time was or will
he—emel fisd eonoiderable gratification in referring to the
present Volume, where the most is made of the past and the
future, and almost every day in the year is proved to be good
fur soinef /dug.
%It The Nubile are respectfully informed, sock of the
former Volume, as were out of print have been reprinted;
complete Sets, therefore, from 1814 to the present time, may
now be had.
London ; Printed for Sherwood, Neely, and Junes, Pater-
nosuee.rors,

CODli OF FAMILY INFORMATION.
Jest completed, io 13 Paris (which may be had b 1 one or
mow at a time), price 1.. dil. each, finiwiiing Two large
Fulame■ in Alto. price 11. 14s. in boatds, an Original
Work, entitled
rrilli FAMILY CYCLOPEDIA; cornpris-

inz all the recent laveatiunr, Discoveries, and Im-
provements in Domestic Economy, Agriculture, and are-
athlrY ; she most approved methods of curing all Diseases
incident In the Human Frame, with the Made of Treatment
in Cases of Dousiting, or usher Accidents, and Poisons;
Observations tin Diet and Hetitacill; a comprehensive Ac.
errant of the t striking Objects in \at oral History, ani-
mate and inanimate ; and a Detail of various Processes to
tie Arts sell Mainifacturer.

By JAMES J 'MN MGR.
use This Origitisl Rod valuable Work is printed is dou-
ble Columus,un good Psper, sod coutains upwards of fifteen
hundred Pages of Information, immediately cousecied with
the pursuits of Domestic Life. By means of close priotiug
and a large page, it comprehends as much matter as
usually comprehended in six volume, of as ordinary size;
sad cannot, it is presumed, fail of being considered it must
desirable appendage to the Library of every family.
" Almost every topic of general interest will be fused in
this comprehensive sad judicious Compilation, treated in a
clear and familiar manner. As • Book of daily reference is
the common concerns of life, it will be found to afford im-
portant assistance; and its great practical utility will, no
doubt, ensure it a ready introduction, and a favourable re-
ception, in every intelligent family."—Monthly Magazine.
Lutstkr• Printed for Sherwood, Neely, and Jones, Paler.
nosier-row.


ft=ml

COURT OF CinuMoN COUNCIL.
A Special Conn was held yesterday for the per-
pose of addressing his Majesty ou Isis return from
his travels.
The LORD MAYOR, according to custom, ad-
dressed the Court on his accession to the office of
Chief Magistrate of the City, in the following
terms:
He said, on appearing before there, for the first
time, in the distinguished situation in which he
had been placed by his fellow-citizens, he should
be wanting in justice to his own feelings if lie did
not address the Court iu terms of the highest re.
spect. He had to request their candid interpreta-
tion of his conduct : it was his ardent wish in all
discussions that the utmost liberty of sentiment
should be exercised, consistent with the dignity of
the Court and the importance of its proceedings; in
Isis humble endeavours to perpetuate its character
as the first in the kingdom, and the leader and
example of all others, lie should despair of suc-
cess if he could not rely on the assistance of many
Gentlemen who have attained a knowledge of the
laws and constitution of this great metropolis. He,
therefore, looked forward to their advice and assist.
once, as well us the candour of the Court at' large,
and trusted he should not look in vain. His Lord-
ship then stated that he had convened them thus
early to cot tenter the propriety of presenting an Ad-
dress of Coogratulat to his Majesty on his Pufe
arrival into these realms after his blajesty's visit to
the Continent.
ADDRESS TO TILE KING.
Mr. OLDHAM snot, thlt if lie could anticipate
that there would 1w any tifing offered in the shape'
of objection to the Resolution he was about to
propose, the 'responsibility of his task would make
him deeply regret that the duty had not fallen to '
abler hands than his own ; but when he considered
that the Court was only to be called upon by the
Resolution to express the respect which the Corpo-
ration bore to the person of t heir Sovereign. lie took
it for granted that those who were in most syste-
matic and determined opposition to the general
conduct of the Government, would take the oppor-
tunity of proving that they were first in their re.
spect and veneration for the kingly office, and in
affection for its immediate occupaut. He for one
would he among the last to surrender that proud
right of Britons of scrutinizing the conduct of
Government. and, if need were, of opposing it ;
but he would rever be found deficient in personal
respect to his Monarch. In saying this, he was
quite sure of the reciprocity of feeling among the
members of the Court. They were quite ready to
admit the maxim that die King can do no wrong,
in the constitutional sense; and they were equally
ready to admit, that the moment the personal cha-
racter and feelings of the Sovereign were become
mixed with the policy of the conduct of Govern-
ment, the constitutional compact was so far yin.
listed. But, independent of all such considerations,
he felt certain that no member of that Court
would be backward in going up with an Address
of Congratulation to the King after the long,
' arduous, and perilonu journey, from which he had

.

R.. • •

applaL - King
limmr reeeived, not ossly in the sister king.
dii, but in the late journey to Hanover, prov-
ed how deep was the veneration entertained to.
wards him, he (Mr. Williams) was quite sore
that the City of London would not be behind as,
in the expression of their respect and attachment
to the person of their King. He was proud of
shut right of Britons, which be hoped never to see
forfeited or shaken, of scrutinising and opposing
; the conduct of Government, if the latter were
deemed necessary—which feeling he deemed to be
perfectly consistent with the most devoted attach-
ment to the person of the Monarch. As the head
of the Executive, it was an honour for the Corpo-
rstion to assist in the support of his authority; and
he hoped that they would always have u King like
the present to support. On the other hand, the
hest support of the Monarch of a free State was in
the affections of a people governed by a free Con-
stitution. He concluded by seconding the motion.
Mr. FAVELL said, that as fares his feelings were
concerned, there "as noobjection to the motion titers-
wary. The Court would yield to no body of his
Majesty's subjects in pure and earnest feelings of
loyalty and personal respect to the Sovereign; at the
same time it would be the last to surrender that
proudest birthright and bulwark of Britons, the
exercise of that constitutional jealousy as to the con-
duct of Government which was inseparable from the
condition of a free people. He hoped that the Court
would remain always as they were at present, feel-
ingly alive to this their proudest prerogative. With
this feeling, he felt it necessary to state, that if in
the Address to he offered to the Committee, there
should be any thing tending to the approval of the
conduct of Minister., he would feel it necessary to
oppose it, and some further observations from him
would be necessary. He was far from charging
Ministers with the design of a slight towards
them ; but something very much resembling a
slight, if not of II studied insult, seemed to have
been offered to that great Corporation of late. Ile
declined any further discussion of particulars at
present, hoping that the Court would institute en
inquiry into them forthwith, and rescue, if pos-
sible, even Ministers themselves, from so degradiog
a responsibility and suspicion. If any thing par-
tial was to be inferred from the worthy Member
in his allusion to the attendance on the late feisti•
vities, he protested against any such conclusion in
Solo. He believed, he maintained, that the Cor-
poration was as loyal when the Lord Mayor's feast
was attended by Earl Grey, us whets attended by
the Marquis of Londonderry, though lie (Mr.
Fseell) happened to be himself a citizen of Lon-
donderry. Ile cordially supported the motion.
Mr. lissrles hoped that the feelings of loyalty
entertained by the Corporation, to be embodied in
the Address, would be carried unanimously.
Mr. PATTEN said that it was not his intention
to offer ally objection to the motion or the address
which was to succeed. There was one observation
which he felt it his duty to submit. He thought
that an Address of Condolence on certain recent
calamitous events, ought to accompany the Ad-
dress of Congratulation.—(Match opposition.)—
He hoped that these was freedom enough left
in the practice of the Court to enable him to express

r •

-

worthy
They were, as he believed, wholly uncalled • for.
As far as the magisterial Conduct of the late Lord
Mayor went, he believed it was such as would secure
him not only the luting respect of the Court, but
an unanimous concurrence to the vote under deli-
beret ion.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. T. N. WILLIAMS bore testimony to the able
winner in which Alderman Thorp had fulfilled
the duties of his station, to his dignified hospi-
tality, to hip persevering attention to public busi-
ness, and to the wonderful good temper with which
Ile encountered all kinds of events in his public
station.
The Resolution of Thanks to Alderman Thorp,
together with some others depending ou it, was then
carried with entire unanimity.
SPECIAL JURIES.
Alderman WA ITHMAN rose to make a com-
plaint to the Court. It would be remembered
that a few years ago, in consequence of some par-
ticular events, an attempt had been made
.to re-
form the Jury lists within the City of London. They
had succeeded so far as to close a resolution to be
carried in that Court, requiring each ward to send
in a list of all the persons qualified to serve as
special jurors. He did not know that the order
bad yet been complied with by all the wards. He
feared that it had not; and if so, the lists, by be-
coming older, must have grown worse, and the spi-
rit of the resolution must have been so much fur-
ther departed from. He hoped that all those wards
which had net yet complied with the resolution of •
the Court, would lose no time in tilling up the
lists, and forwarding them to the office of the She-
riff. He wished to express his notion of the quali-
fications necessary as a special juror. Independ-
ence and intelligence were indispensable. The
Law not being able to select the peculiar instances
of those requisites, was obliged to refer generally
' to that class of persons who might most reasonably
be supposed to enjoy them. The merchants, as
they were called, were, very properly, the class
chosen—and, provided their concerns were 011 an
extensive scale, he conceived that it would make
little differencewhether they were of a wholesale
!description or not. He appeared to object to the
.admission of petty traders to the exercise of this
function.
Mr. Gatrerrus said, that he had long ago seen
to it—that the lists sought by the resolution or the
Court should be furnished from his ward.
Mr. TAYLOR said, that, according to the best
definition of the term merchant, by legal autho-
rities, all who were concerned in legally buying
and selling commodities were eligible to serve as
special jurors.
There being no specific motion on this subject,
`the discussion dropped.
The Court was occupier, at some length in the
consideration of a Report from the Committee for
General Purposes, recommending the appropriation
of premises in Atdermanbury as a temporary Court
of ltequests, which was agreed to.—The Court then
adjourned.
The cause of the Greeks excites much interest
at tlie west end of the town : it is the topic every
where, and a subscription is raising at the Club
Houses.

-

`~ ''

milt ___2lllllw

may well
reasoner before the Were Caesarean, the pay, grunts, end
assigeatioes, belonging es hint by the laws.
" And which 1 have the humour to transmit to your Lord.
ship.
" God preserve you Lordship many years.
" FRANCISCO SOTO, Secretary"
Died, at Curaces, about wise o'clock in the erenieg of
Thersday the 27th uli. Admiral P. L. Brion, Cuseseaudeg-in-
Chief of the Columbian naval force., in the 39th year of his
rage, much regretted by his flintily couuesions, and all who
had the pleasure of his acquaisitasiee. His remains' were
• inferred pasierday antismog at the plants:ilea Roseatack, the
hosity.berial place, attended by a unapt rows and respectable
wanoottens of the inhabitants of this island.
nostorr, OCTOMER 15.
PROCLAMATION OF THR M ESSEN' A N SENATE.
The lel/owing Pruclametion, addressed by the Mereenian
Senate at Kalamai', to the Ciliates of the United Stales,
has been sent in the osigisal modern Gre..k, and in a French
translation to a Geutlesnau in this town, with a request to
have it published and circulated is this country. The
letter is which the Proclantatiusi was forwarded coutaiiis
the following remarks:—
" Humanity is expecting its reeivel from the New World.
But however your esample may suffice to others, we, in our
present straits, need also. your aid. flow gleristas wilt it
be to your country to cooperate in the work of liberation
of the Greeks, its which the other Powers have rtessined
sensibleto the vote* of justice, piety, and bun:amity !
glory alone of such a deed would be an ample rewind. 800.
the Greeks have hews themselves ungralefel, or
wanting in the duty of acknowledgment. And as they
formerly crowned the friendly cities with crowns of (obi,
and honoured them with precedence at she alremblics 6\11.1
games, su they will again honour aunt crows their friends
and allies."
This letter is suleirribed by P. Epites, " Depot), of the
Grecian Generals," and by A. Korey, A. Bugurides, aunt
N. Pikkolu. The letter is in the hand-witting of Kerry and
Is written from Paris. The Proclamation is as
Citizens of the United Stales of Americo!
111 taking the resolution to live and die bar liberty we
• Isaillineeelves drawn towards yen by a natural,nyinpathic. It
ie !aim yes that liberty has found bee strode, mut 'he is
woralippel bp ear fathers. In invoking her emote w.• ".rote
yawn; feeling that in imitating you we imitate our wen
Newton, and that we shall skew ourselves nurthy of them
is refergeoa as we resemble you.
Though separated front yea, Americana, by mighty
steestelvise, we are drawn near to you by your tirtuis. Ple
feel yea ie be nearer to us than the nations ea use frontiers,
sad we regard you ai friends, fellow•citizens, runt brethiee,
beam* yea are just, benevolent, and generous ;—just, for
pea are free ; benevolent and generous, fur your laws are
the laws of the Gospel. Tour freedom sloes nut test us. the
slavery...father mittens, noryour happiness on their uppi e isnot
and woes. On the contrary, free and prosperous yoeir‘elves„
you wish that all turn should partake there hiesieurs, and 1
enjoy the rights which nature intended for all. It is you
who first asserted these rightr, and you who have first &gam
recognised them, in restoring to the oppressed African, the
character of men. It is your example which has led Europe
to abolish the shameful and cruel traffic is benne flesh;
from you that rbe learns the lessons of jollier and the duty
of reforming her absurd sod sangoinary custom.. This
glory, Americana, i• exclusively yours, and exalts yaw
above all the sat en, renowned fur good gurixiiipent awl
freedom.
" It is now for you to perfect your glory, aiding es to
purge Greece from the barbarians, who fur four centuries
bow polluted it. Surely it is worthy of you to diachorge
lb. duty of all civilized nations, in expelling ignorance soil
Isilpiter from the native soil of the arts and fr.extutit. Yew
VIS imitate the culpable indifference, or rather the hose.
gestlueed ingratitude., of some European nations N., il.e
Itstantry of Peon, of Franklin, and of Washington, caguitt
refuse her aid to the descendants of Phut-hie, Thracybutiss.
AMINO,' and Philopuemea. Yen have already evinced your
confidence in them, by sending your children to their
schools. YVII Meow with what joy they have beat ricrised
•

,

T.

......1•••

. . .
• .r. . -
... .
•", , '
)
_i- C. Ar . •
e .....
. .
_ .
.
.
• .
p.er crr
. r.-,,
. . I i. ~ •
lIN' . . - • ..
i . - - . "
‘,.. ".. . '
/
Int •
' fil.
111-
rilitilo
i ..#
. , r".^. •%. t.i
~4.....,... ,
.. . • 4,,,,... 40 . _.6. ' i
•... ~ ms's r .19ii. yrr,
.04
• .
--
1
, ',..
,-; r •a-. * kr* . ...d
t • : ~.. -.
.-- -' ''. ' • • • '....-44...0 . :
. _.... ..-......-.-- - -...-- .. -.......-. . ..
_ _____
-............7.... __---.......-- --7-=.--
...
. r.• - '
-. , . • ...
.. a; R'
...!. -
N USIMER 5913. its. s,'• -..-
:......Nr.44.tY.mah. ' • 'i'?' ','• - LONDON, FRIDAY NOVEMBER 16, 1821. • '''' ''' ;:' ' '''' •' '
a . . :t i•-••••', .'s fr..eieri-.i Me .
• - 'x. . . - .z*C-114,-. 1 , ,-. I-:- •
—........
---
THRATRE.ROYAL, DRURY-LANS. IYAGNAY, Mivoa. I returned' in perfect liesiltli and peace of mind. He his (reborn and to point out the mode, whether 411101.1.edifir: PAPERS... .
• r •
THIS EVENING, FRIDAY, November 16, A COMMON COUNCIL, Wiles in the CHAMNIM of was perfectly prepared with arguments of precr- adopted or not, of aheiviag those feeliogs and twine. • -......400,-- -- •' t
.-...t:' .4048 6
his Mejesty'efiorysets will perform Shakepearea Tee. the GUILDHALL of the CITY of LONDON, ea dent to chew that 164 iiistiou was consistent with ing his loyalty to the Sovereign with a Mut 'Merv' vat CARACOLE.'
THDRaDaY, dos pith bay et Ne her, I sti, .
....... , ,qval - Asall
pay of the practice of thee**. He referred to instal:en once of the interests of his auhlects) by finagling
animas* vuaorstocime,
KING RICHARD THE THIRD.
THAT this COURT do lingua a Dutiful sad lin the reigns of George-E. and 11. especially in the with their congratulations an Address of Condo- "vs .- ....._ __."atoi•
eassves.....siak awn WillWrill 1
Mime Henry. Me. Pope ; Duke of Gle'esivr, Mr. Bran;
par
of Rockingham, Mr. Nolo"; Earl ax,e.i„„„d, Mr.
theseLepel Addeo, to his Majesty, on his safe Arrival into Address voted to the latter on his return from letice.-(" No, ale;' enel Older sympfteu Vows' easvespoodleat. ery As eiffiseiret• Illeniossaillik" '''' ' '
a are-
Cooper. Elisabeth, Howes ef Er/war:gibe north, Mrs. Eget-Rom, 11;40 his Ilhdelitri'a Vied le the Coolineat. Hanover. fled there, however, been no precedent, Meets anion, the sistnsbers of the Court.) Chummier Shia ISA SeptestMer. lt• *Wasik dist - ~
.4••• e
fur i Lilly Ana, Mesa Smithson. . WOODTH/HLPE• the Court could not hive hesitated to establish one The first Resolution wale then pat and earned or Ireotolig no the lipmebk Wise as esi Oh •
r
To semolosie wish (7sh time) a mew Munieal Comedy, in two - kIAGNaY, MATOIt. OU so joyous and interesting an occasion. He ex. unanimously. • 1., • Inn, A 1110tanior4 of ehe Immo ef Morals
-- r' -
sets, called •. • COMMON COUNCIL, holden is the CHAMBER .f pressed his regret that the Court of Aldermen had A Committee was apissibent, consisting of one l'siftinr ''s C'''"" with "id' be e"ltht4* , ..-4.sec .
MAID OR WIFE? She GOILDHALL of the CITY of LONDON, as not been joined with 'of the Common Cooncil Member from each Wmateiled all the Aldermen "bwitalinwita.l.l4ll"tvir:b"l"lBlknen tripinnismintelird"ellidter rite".
• Or, THE DECEIVER DECEIVED. THURSDAY, the 15th day of November, Nil, in an Address to the ng. He *ea afraid that present, to which Committee an Address ens sub.. meeesseeore toast by the aeleirek, e4tahhi elm*, • &air ,
The pvisselpil Ciminero by Mr. Effigies, Mr. Harley, rims veammosiwur.
.like at fear of eith.concur. matted. They retired. and after being absent for tMs flosboeler is Me fretless promedlage. -, Am- ~
MisiSmithemi, gad Miss Copeland. NAT the Thanks of this Court he gi to - there be "'Deihl
The Doors to be opened at Six **auk, sod the 'Per- oho Right Honourable JOHN THOMAS THORP, reoce among the Aid ,as to the Gnomon tome time, returned to make their report. Strap. The tillbiallard dgegiseata eve highly iltalivaraida't• MP
patriotism sal diastevested toadees of Genevst tiella
foto Lord ihr,,. for the iew„,44„l i„,1,4"„d todorayo. Council, inhered froor•their disjunction. There gets were excluded.
forseesnes to begin den Seems. , la He haws% of seek a was, the affairs of Colowebletase
•-•--,.- go.; &coed Prier, 3s. 6J.-Pit, 3s. ad-t Sound hhe seal with which he hes *stetted the Rights, end protect.. were cases its which he Cffigeeived it to be better for The Court adopted the Address, which will be fait la . Great I. the Cabinet uin the
um"72l4....oesuery; Ts.; stood Pries. I,....upish. Gat. ed the Prieftes sad Franchises of his Fellow-Cinema; the Courts to set impart; sod these were cases seen in the front of our Paper. -
I
',mem have been raised up to cossotidate the deed % 4
• For the 1/4Willeill with which he has Cod Coeds of of questionalite policy, rein the ►opinion of the the Republic, asd, by hie -ssoderstion tad jedicious 11:141,44.; sees Price, lisl. THANKS TO THE LATE LORD MAYOR.
Pleffin tube taws of Mr. li°dgells i• the Rm."' 4 She CA"'"'"" CU..* cud C"." Hulls, whenever "ei°l- Aldermen bilis Court of 'slimes would be best •On our re-admission ' Mr. Deputy WEDOIILL less to Meet the *OM of ooltettletPteli and 1$111"°1I, ` "'-
thorns were preseened to him fur those purposes ; sal fir the The General Cougress
.of Columbia appear to lieu ..
SMswte be
obtolood foe tu. us„isg iig digaity affi) lospastiality with which he has uniformly presid- repressed when standi But in • can like engaged is moving the costoffilary vote of throb
~ appreciated the sends(' Weals sad get:nous
ed ewer their tiellianstions : shot waste coasitkratio • Eh* (*Ma not to rite lute Lord Milatirs trrolllinded tl= tens , . ,:. r ..ii,
Mr.Rodwell, at tie Boa-Dice. put eau.
[PROW tine Coale° 11AC10314A ill*ollo3llolias.
tvltittifitiagallt ha as .61. Ily 0 views!, tlept di •• walinsti-vair taro,. of •Ow, wiodom, aid •• milk "
41411/411"i"111. CallimidellweasiMaill fhltittbdi 8 1i i "t , " 11141111 W ill. ►
canny, bat isioriou• a. „Ida it was, aPS would • only Mr. Thorp had fit Hided his arthrotes duties. He
we...Vrith. •• 4idenliaf the ffigkestraak and eseelderation in the cove. ~ OF THU 2111 T JULY, 11521..-11fH.
say that had ,it beenezeesury for the Common praised the integrity of his msgisterial career, uud
try; aid for the splendutu with which be has maietaised" Head Quarters, Gusnare, May 2!,, 11321.
• ,WFBATRR-ROYAL, COVRNT-GASDSN. the merest state of the City throughout the whole of his Council to mike prof one of loyalty, they would • the splendid hospitality with which he had upheld SC Simms galintri L!beirater.President of the Republic Geo.
'ISIS EVENING,.FRIDAY, November 16, Ilsyeratty : not be found hindermost in their zeal, either to the dignity of the first civic office, and finiehed by in meta' 'bearable@ of Columbia* eze, to H. E. the Wlee.:
will berated the Opera of For his strict &Mathis to the allealniatentlella or his dot, shew Weir respect, or loom his Majesty. Hid any proposing • resolution of dislike-aim which see President of the Republic Uri. int.
THE EXI LE. as a Magistrate; and kr the arm and yet tempendearranser such expression, however, been necessary. enough advertisement). " Moved by the clamours of my den family sad of arms
..
- 'ith w_.,lsich. he. bus. conducted himself towards the MONO' was evinced to the Members of his Mojesty'e Govern- Mr. FAVILL ably seconded the inotiou, and ex- of some friends and coormious in arms, groaning under she
.•.
Count Ukick (the Exile), Mr. Egerton; Gwent:or of Si-Simiserable situatioe wherein they found themselves I - '
bona, 31r.W. F s-aseetsMlSSotiog.3lll. Meade"; Coast "1" """r":"."" have sought hi' Pft'lletieut or "'Pima inert end the illustrious persons who accompanied patinted happily on the dignity and high Credit with the liberty, in She year 1619., to draw as order on OW'
Calmar, Mr. tweed; Dart*, Mr. Toone; Wellies, Mr. the exese tee fkm amithurity :
them of late, to satisfy them that the citizens of which Mr. Thorp had progressed the manifold treasury of Begets. I herewith melees so Y. B. midge •ly
coimer; so. i, ph: Norm. The Norm •gfizabatii, • F4O that happy union of sound discretion, with mealy for-
um. Faecal; ksitharrae, Mn. Tomo; Amass" Miss fed', which enabled his most effeetvally to preserve the I London were at least on as equal footing with any duties of his situation, in a period of eatraordisiary the copy of the answer which I received from the Statter-
peter of the City, and the lives mod properly of his Fells,- other subjects of -the empire, i.• feelings of de- emergency and difficulty. Whatever differences Geoeral, anus:untie( the receipt of my draft, sod affirielog
flu,,,s puhaq Beery she Ei„„„iss.massisail/2 sea Citizens, in times of great peril and alarm, by relying or the noted loyalty and attaebainit to the King. He of opinion the Court might have on political sub- me that the same was ordered to be paid. The thaeleree
rh:Tur-""rrier
of oh; Cathedral of
iii;-; ho wasek, she aid of the Civil Power, as the constitutional exams of 'afore. had prepared an Address which it was his intention jecto, he was convinced that they most all feel No.S, cosines it. payment. The laws respecting 44 par
COROHAIPSON of ELIMADWIIIb in psidismed by the .tog obediesee to the Laws : .. Won of the Ratios.' properties, cantle me to twestriliss
to have submitted to a Committee, in which he had, equal respect for a Magistrate who, like the late tbssessa &mars, ss GeocreLlo.cidef Odle army, eagge.ege
Grand Patriot* and his sedeiing Eligulitaries. For that patronage which he hag invariably *forded to•
massy of -these excellent Institutions, which are the glory of with greet care, stataissed from all topic. of policy excellent Alderman Combe, had *hewn his anxiety right of expecting bounties sad exteseedisiary tronltta lead
After which 'IA alfildniflParee ofl
Beglasd, and the admiration of miersiondiog nations; and which bad any likelihood of causing division of to govern the City by the most lawful means-who the law which regulates the pity of all the officers,
THE Foos SOLDIER. Ily fur that urbanity of manrser-for that integrity ad opinion President of the Republic, fifty thousand in the Court. He concluded by proposing had proved, in fact, that the constable's staff was in
Pattlek Miss BessuillMafuther Luke, Mr. Coster; generally
, Sir. Py.e; Derby, Mr. peseroce-fur that kind sod cosseiliato7 deportment7sor to 'melt"( m the r 1819. Ide f thismoment; re
Capt. Fitzroy, Mr. Creeds;that sadism support to the tnie principles of the British ' a Resolution, that the Court should present en Ad- his hands not only a more coustitutiostal. but • 8.8414 f• from . Pea I .
senses all these rightssed wages which I have not weaned;
Limos. Norsk, Miss lave; Realise, Mrs. Lisle's. dress of Cougratulation to his Majesty on his re- more efficacious weapon for preserving the peace sa
tisfied with the foortees thousand dollars paid at Bogota.
Constitution, which have characterised the discharge of the
Places for die Boxes to be taker of Mr. Beasdos, at the foodiono of him exalted
stifles ;
whereby he has
justly en- turn to England. than the broad sword-one who, in fine, had proved The object for which I took that sum, and she sacred duties
BOaaallice, Hart.wreet. from Tea till Four. dieted kismet? to all classes of his Fellow.Citizeas, sad Mr. WILLIAMs (late Sheriff) seconded the mo- on every trying occasion that he possessed wisdom which I have withal fulfilled, have fatly requited me fee the
A Private Box may he had fee the messes, or sightly, of
raved himself 10 have bent worthy of link Predilection spa Lisa. Lie was not in the habit of making long without vanity, and resolution without obstinacy.- rights which I now forego in behalf of the Treasury.
.I ro-
e-llbo at the Bos..olSee. confidence. WOODTHORPE. quest year Excellency will be pleased, in my name, to lay
The pours will be tweed at Half-pest Six o'Cloek, andspeeches, which he considered to be • very material (Hear, hear.) this ensiled expositios of my will before the General &In-
the Play heals at loom. 130,000 NEXT TUESDAY!
evil-tendiug rather to bewilder than eulighten Mr. OLDHAM, in supporting the motion, cont. pees; if accepted, 1 will look upon it as a peculiar mug.
8.4% .16.• gee•ml Prier, 36.61•-Pit, 38' 61' ; 38"641 CARROLL, the CONTRACTOR, begs leave those to whom they were addressed. He felt great plained of the silence of the Members opposite, rem, which I will, valise as the purest testimony of the re-
re*, 3L-Gallery, Is.; tend Price, le.-Upper Gal.
to state, that although 6,500 Tickets were drawn the pleasure in having served a civic office with some notwithstanding the manifest merits of the late gar" with which the phliaaal RePeeoell4ltkeeo ditit to
lacy, IL; weed Price, 6d. First Day,..the following Rich Wheel reseals* for the Second vatisfaetion to the citizens of London. if he had Lord Mayor. He contrasted this conduct with Isoso.r '`e• " BOLI4 ."
To-morrow, Rob-Roy Macgregor, end The Citizen. Day, 20th NOVEMBER, when the First-drawn Prize will received any approbation and honour from the that of the Members betiching by his own side Answer from Illie Cowen to the Liberator's letter tfirovigh
Oa Moodily, The Exile, Rad Tiseßlind Boy, receive 30,000/.
proposed
ou behalf
of the filluister of Fiume, respectisg pay assigoedtnlarn,
Sovereign fur the perfurmance of that service, he when • similar vote was
2 .. of
OLYMPIC THEATRE, 3
NRWCASTLE.STREET, STRAND. 2 . - cheerfully voted the thanks to him, though they 26th June MI.
•/11RIS EVENING, FRIDAY, November 16, It - il To the Minister of Finances-The Congress being in.
4 - 'duct and contented themselves with believing that formed of the resignation made by his Excellency the Ltlie-
4111.„Mik he resealed a new Extravagasza of Fes, called
Besides ethers of 300/. 2001. Re. Re. mid sot two Blanks nary advantage, or of politico! honour, would ever ijm;st have been occasioned by the worthy Alder. .10, Preeident, of the pay, •grants, sad assignments which
.
c-a va.a. LIFE IN LONDON. to a Prize.belong to him is virtue of the Isom made in the entruarrit-
Timoillbaanter ; Jerry Hawthorn, Mr. Oxbrrry ; Old Tickets slid Sham, wanauied sedi,"„, ~,„ is Sala at induce him to barter his principle,. He thought man being more learned than the Court in political wary Session of last evesieg; but taking into considesatioa
Hateffisers, N.. Tiller.; Nickem, Mr. Hologood; Simile, CARROLL'S truly Fortuaste °ewe, No. 19, Corabiii,oost that it would be an honour to the Court to be first matters.- ( Logglifer.) . his love for liberty, his indefatigable coustancy to defend it,
Mr. Poser; Floss, Mr. Elliott; Ileags, Mr. Tel:lessee; 2s, thford.street. in addressing his Majesty ou Isis return from a Mr. S. DIXON was sorry that the remarks just his integrity and disinteresteditess, he can renounce the
Goldlaeli, Mr. Stristland; Paddy Syne', Mr. G. Smith. sae The Deswitig will begin at NINE O'CLOCK ea gratitude of Columbia, which is his best ',striating!
hazardous and fatiguing journey; and aa the sects- I uttered should have fallen from the worthy Member.
Sne, Miss Walpole; Msg. Nab, Mn. Pearce; Betty, Mrs. TUESDAY MORNING. k ived-Tbat she Liberator Simon Bolivar may well
, mations and applause with which the King had f They were, as he believed, wholly uncalled • for. .." -;,"°. 1.. s .... /....... r .... ..7 ....
MmywAL
