•
t•
.1. N.,
• t\N\
1

phinder individuals of a right previously acquired.
under its solemn sanction. It is very possible that,
in the year 1693. it w. 44 found expedient to
'Whet wealthy lineignera to settle in Scotland,
511(1. invest their money in the Bank then just
established, but the circumstances of the United
Kingdom have since that inriod altered,
and in no part of it more than in the northern divi-
sion. A certain advantage was then in view which
is now obtained ; a risk was then to be encoun-
tered where perfect iecurity is now enjoyed ;
consequently, as the same reasons do not con-
tinue to operate, we can see no goo(' pretence
for extending to foreigners so great an 'Armitage,
where none CAI be expected from them in return.
But while we make these observations on the expe-
diency of repealing the law, we cannot avoid ex-
pressing our regret that this object was not sought
to be obtained without uniting it with the grossest
injustice. If the Legirlatnre has committed all
oversight, it should no doubt hasten to correct it ;
but there is a principle of public right, a regard
for moral justice, and a sense of what is due to the
public faith of nations, paramount to every other
consideration, which should deter the rulers of
mankind from violating the property of individuals
previously consecrated by the most solemn act of
the State.
The measure about to he introduced this even-
ing into the House of Commons being prospective,
implies on the part of Ministers a direct acknow.
Irdgment of the propriety of these considerations,
and consequently a censure upon the clause which
they had already endeavoured to force upon Parlia-
ment. It isstrange how they could have overlooked the
difference, even with regard to their own characters,
between sue h a measure and one of retrospv live
operation ; but it is still more unaccountable how
they can plead ignorance of this law of naturali-
zation, in every respect so important, which was
originally passed in the year 16435, by the Partin.
silent of Scotland, which mutt have been content.
plated by those who framed the Act of Union,
which was directly noticed and confirmed by the
14th and 34th of the present King, and which
must, from its nature, have been well known to
every proprietor of Bank Stock in Scotland. It is,
indeed, a new doctrine that has been now prwnulged
by Lords LIVERPOOL and CASTLEREAGH, that
ignorance of a law (viz. theirown ignorance) should
neutralize its provisions. We should like to see
how Lord ELLLtittottoucti, presiding at the Old
Bailey, would receive such a doctrine.

Paris Papers of Wednesday and Thursday have
arrived at our Office. The intelligence they con-
tain, immediately connected with France, is by no
means interesting. The KING will set •ut for St.
Cloud on the 18th. It is also added, with an ap-
pearance of certuitity,that some of the convicted as-
sassins of the Strur FUALDES, namely, Bastirle,
Jarsion, and (Ward, will immediately undergo
their sentence; that the woman Booed has ob-
tained a respite until the determination of the new
proceedings ; and that the capital punishment has,
with respect to Bar, been commuted to twenty
years' imprisoniuent. But the waist of ititerest, as
far as France is immediately concerned, is compen-
sated by the articles in these Papers under the head
of Germany. One of them contains the preamble
to the Constitutional Charter of Bavaria, which has
been lately published under the authority of the
KING. This very important paper is remarkable for
its extreme liberality, grouting to a people, hitherto
oppressed by the grossest intolerance and slavery, a
" liberty of conscience, with a scrupulous distinction
between what belongs to the Stutr, and what to
the Church ; liberty of opinion, with restrictions by
law against abuse ; an equal right to all natire sub-
jtcts to every rank is the pnblic service, *nil to all
the distinctim.s doe to merit ; equality of laws, and
of citizens before the law ; impartiality and promp-
titude in the administrotiou ..f jt:!.tiee ; equality in
the distribution mod payment of Mine:lots ;" and, as
A security to the whole, "States•Geurral formed
from all ellififel of domiciled citizens." The gift
of such a Constitution to Bavaria, we look upon as
one of the greatest civil resolutions recorded in
history. It imptli Bavaria, quasi per sultans,
from the degradation of slavery, to the utmost point
to which liberty call lie carried, consistent a ith the
safety of a State. What has now been presented to
ns is, however, evidently but the outline of a form
of goveroment which the iniouter details may
very materially moilifi . But such an outline
conveys so intinrssrortr of it prevailing spirit
a loiclo, though riot operative to the extent pro-
pooard, must be attentl,tl with excelletot results,
atilt puts to shame certain other States, which, in
the breast of almost exclu►ive hinny. disg,ritce their
professions, by upholding di-inactions among their
subjects incotaiistent with justice and c mote sense.
It is distressing to see bigoted Reverie giving a
lesson iii toleiation to enlightened Protestant &g-
-land in the iiineteetith ceiitury.
The Austrian army, with the exception of that
part now forming u coups of the Army of Occupa-
non in Fiance, hub been put on the peace este-
We believe that the distressed shoe of
the bounces of Austria was the principal cause of
ibis measure; but it is a footsitiate circumstance
for Europe, us it may Mollies. the other great
Powers to lay aside their attitude of mutual deli-
since, stud sourilice the f pleud ti f of military paratfe

- 41k‘.

to the comforts and welfare of the exhausted people.
—The French fowls are rising very considerably,
in COIIIW4UNICe of the i►nproved credit of the Go-
vernment, as evinced by the circumstances attend.
iug the contract fur the loan. The Five per Cents.
are, we believe, higher now than they were known
since the return of peace, beim!, it fr. 40 c. 60c.
50 c.--Bank Actions are 1.600 fr.

A Flanders Mail his arrived, with Parsers from
Bniss,•ls to the Ith instant. It is understood iia
the cif), th.t the army or occupation will esacitate
the French territoiy in the beginning of September,
staid that the English Ironies, whose eliective strength
is between 44 awl 25.000 meql, will embark sue.
eessively in the ports of Calais and Boulogne, with
their artillery, equipage., &e.

A flsinburgh Mini arrived lost night, with
Posprrs to thr 3d instant. The following are ex-
tracts :

coPrwpAavir, WAY 46.

We expert shorily In one rnark a immi mug Beet, fitted
nut at Cromitaill and RI V. I, a hielt, in 1'3%1` that the army of
tort ',pillion should he withdrawn from ruiner, will go to
thtesid and Calais, to take on hoard the Rosman troomt. The
fh el of Spanish transports, which convey home the cream of
the RU6IIIIII Alit,. lately FOld to Spin ha. now passed
through tin ; the Horton,' Admiral, Modler, and the
Spanish Command. r, Captain Toledo Icloin, were on board
the San Feinaudu fiigate, which eonvila the transport*.

RANO,Vet, MAY 26.

His Royal Highness the Doke of ((*trice it exoecied
here in the mouth of Angust, and it hi soyipoi.eil Ibit his
stay its this city will he of cunßlds table taratiou.

New York Paper* to the Blh, and 13.himnre to
the 6th ult. have arrived. The 11.110,,1ng are ex_

*row ioltc Play 5.
rFrom lbt Curers Centrettd, April IN

By arrivals Atom La Guira and Puerto Cabello, whence
we expect important swiss, are liAvr 111,1 ererived any polities'
intelligence of inidest 11w basic of I.:s Puerto. No
further operations had Nigen place, hot the Srosish hoops
Were periviting Ise attack Ihr P./Idols, who 'erre sitll in pin.
session of the town of Calabors. Gen. lloTillo hod irony re.
coserrtl from his *wind, and W3l *VIM expected to II an ins
the command. The Sl. ~I, troops were supplied wish
every thing except shoes, whir h article was tro.nrcionnily
expected from Grenala, lii!r, it is said, the Intl( prod. nos
ate in :yet of ii'musi rv,,y iroitisite for card isK oui lw cur
About $OO in noose's, inn-tly Blacks and tr.nmhoes, had 3,0
Tired al Citrate*, and La Gusea, and Set 600 more were ea.
peeled.

MAY 7.
A letter received by a res;seetalle merrantile hunt..• u, this
city, front P.nt-sii-P.lllCe, dab,' April 13, nay._•« We have
just receit•rd uothentir it( trs of t 1..• death of Chr:stoplie."--.
It is Pitigulsor that both the rstral S •verettos of St D. ming*
should have died within a few d tyx of ach other. Will tort
Flames essutually obtain possession of that island?

The extra ship Ittiddart,Coptnin Wat.t.ert, front
Bombay, has arrived eff the I,le of Wight, in want
of provkiuris, which sere immediately sent utf
by Messrs,. Li N DEGREN, Agent's to the EaPt
India Company: She smiled from Bombay nit
the 19ili Oetoher, in company with the Carmar-
then, and parted from her about right days
since. There ass no news f the °unit v when
the Iladdort 'wiled. The private ships I.l.yperioa
and Cornwall arrived at Portimiuntli nu Fii lay, to
take on board passengers ; the former un Sa-
turday, and the latter will sail this clay.
The Bridgewater, Lowther Ca‘tle, Pri.,rest
Charlotte, Vansittart, Sir S. Lushingtuu, !liter-
nia, amid Carmarthen, from China and
the East Indies, passed up Channel last weeks
fur the Itiver.

The possengers who went no shore at Ct, lidera
with in exprciation of seeing BON APAUTF., state,
that lie still coolioues sulky. and will not allow
himself to be /Well by any se-etoes. !Iv
flees, set this seAboes of the yew., shout three te'l lock
iu tile morning. soil ofeer wMlkiuig in his girdrii for
Mn hour, retires to his boobs., win re let etausiu., the
whole of the day.

A Supplement to Seth, tl.t's Gazette, it is ex.
p.cted. will be published this day. It relates, its
we utidetstuntl, to the late aftliirs io f be Eist

- - -
The squadron of guard...hips. nudrr Itelir-Ad-
nrral S:r BENJAMIN A I.LOW EI. 1., oat led oil Fri-
-41.1y from on a cruise of exercise for
two mouths, v z.—
The Tosunnt (11ounInp). Captain Tnilunr;
Captain Bu3rs, Spencer, ('apL.i.o W It ;
Sir Arch. Dickseni Vengettr. Captnln Al. vtinkr;
Snierta, Cant/sin 11:kins, and Noribmnbestand, eliotain
walker; the Ixr, Prnmethent, and Grecosis.--
The Iteiwitik could Hui juin Hn rout of 111111.

The truterluu, CO t. E, 44)111 St. Salvador, in 77
days, with a cargo of i.ttgut, bound to flumbuigh.
anchored at Si. fieleo's nn Friday looming, and
landed Captain BROWN, site of the Star 81.11.),,iier,
whose lewd was plundered snine time since ou
the coast of A Inc., by a S,oinish privateer, and
her cargo of gold dust, ivory, &c. Inkru out. flis
Majesty's ship Cherub, Cuomo Wit.t.ts, shortly
afterward captured the privateer. The Watetha
proceeded on Friday.
The Semiramis frigate, Commodore Sir J. L.
74.0, and the Cherub, Captain ‘Vit.Ltis, were off
Cape Coast Castle on the g3d of Feliruury. They
could do nothing against the vessels dealing in
slaves, as the Spatiisli Hag efEcc!ually protected the
inhuman traffic, 0101'0 carried on sithin eight
miles of where our sliTs were Icing, and to au ex-
trot far exceeding slim has been done for many
Yriir. past. The Semiramis was mboat to run
(howl, the Coast, and then go to J:1131:1101, 1111 d would
he in Etight..il ht ti.e void of July. The Cheri'',
bias to return to Sierra Leme, aid' two Spanish
(.earls m hitch silt had tokrll, they flaying committed
most daring acts of piracy by pillaging some Italo.ll/
wader Euglisol 6oluure.
