IMPOSTURE UNMASKED.

TILE Progress of Merit, ;142o;:zitfrequendy &beaded,
it not impeded by Envy and Iktnetion. The aip4ressios
of ambuscade terminates in defeat; and conscious Iffetilllde
mately triumphs in the attainment of the grand object--publ”3
approbation. The test of experience is the_ guarantor of Lis.ne-,
and hat established WARREN'S IILACKINIR in general esti-
mation ; of which there exists not a swoons proof, than the tae
acknowledgment nf a host of servile initiators, who surreptitiously
obtrude on the unwary a spurious preparation as the genttine ar-
ticle, to the great disappoint tent of the unguarded ptachioer, apt
manifest injury of ll'arreii, whose &newer aid interoat, by this
iniquitous system, are equally subject to detriment It beciene:,
tht.refore, iod:spensable duty, to caution the public sinst :he
mancruerts of unprincipled vendeis, who bavirg no ASP Win is
late, aid stimulatal by amebic in their firfati9l.4 pursuits. aim a:
the acquisition of Loney through any medium but that to honour.
The original and matchless Blacking bears on each bot•l- a shore
direction, with the signature 5' ROBERT WARREN ;“
others are counterfeits; ;old in many instances the imposition
are artfully interlined with a different address, in very t nrli cha-
nciest, between the more conspicuous onus of " No. 31)," asd
" S'rILAND." It is earnestly recommendell to idwmke-pers and
others, who are deceived by base fabrications of Warne:.'. Blue-
ing, to return the detected math to the source from w!tenee came
and expose the machinations of rascality to merited oblocuy.
al'arien's lilacking is surpassiagly ; it excluift.a damp.
gives pliancy to the leather, retains its pristine virtue in all el;
mares, and, combining elegiv.ce with cainfort, is an article equal:,
of indiepeutable fashion and utility.
Sold by every respectable Vender in town and country, in hat.
lbA, At 14, lull., 124., and lUd. tact.

ft

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.

P.IRLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE.
HOUSE OF LORDS, WEDNESDAY, MARC!' 17.

ESSAtIE FROM THE COMMONS.
Mr. Brogden. and several ether Members from the examen',
heought up the Irish Court of Exchequer Regulation Bill, the Sugar
Mamie" 11, and several Bills, which were read a first time.
_ _

-....everal private
MALE ORPHAN ASYLUM BILL, &c.
The Male Orphan Asylum Bill, the Four per Cents. Bill, the
County (lan! Bill, the Army Mutiny Bill, and the Marine Mu-
nM ny B, were read a second time—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF C0313111.5b, 0 EDNESDAY, MARCH 17.

A new writ was erlered to he issued for a new Member for the
county of Perth, in the room of Wm. Drummond, Esq., who has
c:cepted the titewsrdship of the East Hundreds.
HIDES REGULATION

air. 0. BENN ET p►essmted a petition from Ellesmere, against
the Hides Regulat.ion.Blll.—lnid on the table.

Mr. /SUNDAY presented a petition from Chesterton, praying
for the abolition of negro slavery.
Similar p.nitions were presented by Lord Lowther from Ken-
dal; by Mr. Pare, from two places in Leicestershire: by 3lr.
Anbhurat, from a place in Ilerkshire; by Mr. Legit Keck, from
l;uenceste►; by Mr. Wilberforce. from the associated congre-
illtion of John's Church ; one from the ion of Mont.
rose, and another trorn the inhabitants St. George, Ha-
norer-square; bir Sir Wm. Ingilby, from Oainsborough ; and by
Mr. Pelham, from a town in Huntingdonshire.
The Petitions were ordered to be laid on the table and printed.
