COMBINATION IN SCOTL.IND.

. On Wednesday week, the 16th instant, came on before
Mr. Macdonald, the Sheriff-Depute of Stirlingshire, the
Dial of Archibald Webster, Wm. Bennie, and Hugh C'mvars,
colliers at the Redding and Brighton collieries, belonging
to his Grace the Duke of Hamilton and Brandon. The
prisoners stood libelled with attacking and assaulting,
as the 29th and 71st of January last,.eertain labourers
who had been employed by the managers at the above works
at the time when the regular colliers had struck work—ag-
gravated by the offenders having, at the time of the as.
emit, keen parties concerned, with a number of other
colliers combined, for raising their wages, and coercing the
masters, so as to control them in the choice of their
workmen, and the terms which they should pay for
labour, and of using such means as tended to deter
ether operative colliers or labourers from entering into
the employment of any other proprietor whatever ;
as well as of compelling those who had to desert their
work. William Bennie pleaded guilty of the
crimes laid to his charge, while the other two prisoners
pleaded not guilty. The Jury returned a verdict, finding
the prisoner, William Iletufie, guilty of the crimes charged
in the libel, in teens of his own confession ; finding
unanimously, the foresail Archibald Webster guilty of
having stones in his hand among the crowd (who were
throwing stones,) with the intent of intimidating the la-
bourers from working at the coal pits of Redding and
Brighton, belonging to his Grace the Unite of Hamilton
and Brandon ; and finding the foresaid Hugh Cowan, by a
majority of voices, guilty of striking with a stick or shinty,
and throwing of stones, with au intent to intimidate the
labourers from working at the coal pits of Redding and
Brighton, &c. On the following day the Sheriff ordained
Webster and Bennie to find caution for their good bells.
viour for three years ; and Cowan to be imprisoned for
three months, and afterwards find security for good beha-
viour far three years.—Caledonian 4(erFary.
Ali •
Oltenia), SUNDAY EYENlNG.—tx.tract of a print,
letter:—" The Election of Town Clerk, which has excited
so winch interest here, and amongst all Oxford men else-
where, has ended. The state of the third day's (Satur-
day's) poll was as follows:
For Mr. Roberson
For Mr. Taunton

- - 71;4
. . 352

Majority in favour of Mr. Roberson - 212
It was then asserted, by the friends of Mr. Taunton, that
they would keep the poll open until Thursday ; but, this
mot rang, Mr. Roberson received a letter from Mr. Taunton,
stating that he declined further contest. Mr. Roberson
will be chaired to-morrow morning, at t.n. More freemen
voted at this election than at the strongly-contested one for
Members of Parliament in 1820."

Harvest is now general in the Vale of Clyde, and the
maim justify the hopes that were entertained of them.
Wheat, in all situa:ions, is extraordinarily good. Pease
and barley are also very productive. Oats will yield well
in grain, but on clay or sandy ground the straw is very
shod. We question if ever, on any occasion within the
remembrance of the present generation, the fields were
seen so generally yellow at Lammas.—Caleioniati Mer-
cum
Wont..—The growers and staplers, who, at our late
wool fair, observed a respectful distance in the way
business, are now beginning to approximate. Within the
last fortnight, several sales have been efficted at from 425.
to 4.15. 6d. per tod of 321bs. Messrs. Comper and Sons,
of Chichester, purchased at those prices about thirteen bun
Bred toils. Mr. Whittle, we believe, met with a lot or two
at the lower price, Vs. The wool trade, though rather
flat at present, it is expected, will be brisk before the end of
October.—Sesser Aduertiser.

EueNctrazion.—A gentleman in Virginia recently libe-
rated 88 slaves, and paid their passage to Liberia. This mu-
nificent
example of benevolence, which puts to shame the I
wordy zeal of a thousand theorists in piety and philan-
thropy, has been followed by a Reverend gentleman in
North Carolina, who has just liberated 11 of his slaves for 'I
the same purpose. This voluntary mode of putting an end
to slavery will, we hope, find increasing proselytes. It
violates no rights, real or imaginary ; it inflicts injury on
no interests nor feelings ; it displays a spirit worthy of the
freest people in the world ; and it proves to demonstration',
that, while we are tenacious on the subject of our own
freedom, we are desirous of extending its blessings to all
classes of the human race, even at die sacrlige of some of
our own personal interests.— Washingfon Paper.
DIRECTIONS TO HARE AN ECONOMICAL FAMELYI
NlEDictro: CHI:BT.—Get a strong box made, so as to hold
the following medicines and materials ; One pound of
Epsom salts ; dose, one ounce. One pound of good lard ;
this will serve every purpose of salve or ointment. One
ounce of rhubatb ; dose, from 10 to SO grains. One ounce
of jalap ; dose, from IS to 30 grains. Two drachms of
calomel ; dose, from Ito 5 grains. Half an ounce of ipe-
cacuanha ; dose, for an emetic, 25,grains. One ounce of
sulphate of sine; 8 grains to an ounce of water makes a I
healing wash for sores. Four ounces of blistering mass;
one bottle of caster oil ; dose, half an ounce. Half a pound
of senna leaves; dose, one cup of the tea. Some sticking
plaster, some tow, some lint, a skin of leather, and a syringe
of clysters. These can be all purchased for less titan a
pound, and no house ought to be without them, particu-
' larly in the country.—Mrdleal Adoiser.
SAGACITY OF THE LION NERo.—Wedgebury, the pro-
prietor of the dogs Turk, Captain, Billy, and Sweep, who
fought with the lions, Nero and Wallace, at Warwick,
was at Oxford Races on Wednesday last, and standing
within a quarter of a yard of the den in which Nero was
confined. The above noble animal, on hearing Wedge-
, bury's voice, immediately made a dreatifill plunge at him,
and, protruding one of his paws through the iron rails,
'seized bold of the back part of his coat. Werigebury,
however, got away without any danger to his person, but
was compelled to have the assistance of a tailor to repair
his coat and waistcoat, and quite glad he escaped m a
whole skin, and without requiring the asaistnnee of a stir-
geon. It is impossible to describe the rage exhibited by'
Nero. The dog Turk is dead, but his skin has been
staffed ; Captain, Billy, and Sweep are all alive and well,
but they required a great deal of nursing to preserve their
lives.

NORTH(: RN CIRCUIT.
---•••••--.
VAN CASTES. ASSIZES.—Lurcorr
CROWN SIDI:.
. Before Mr. Justice Bair LIT.
. . MANSLAUGHTER.
i7eorge ikOnint, aged 42 years, was capitally indicted fo! hat-
*lC/wickedly and feloniously killed and slain William /I udson, at
firieltdale, in this counts, on the 7th of June last.
,-
eactl.- IiTARZIE stated the case. The parties engaged m this
tanuaction were both prisoners, confined for differ:a of-
*ma babe House 9f Correction at Kirkdalle, and the principal
she Joey would find, came from the same habitation.--
semeltiinlit be Trittirtieted to say, was a man of quarrel-
dispoel;fien add dieted to scribbling, and sometimes osten-
eillimaly dislieened # few sbillinga amongst his fellow-prisoners,
in the shape if esioan, and, other such anielitt. It also ap-
peneed, that tho
were
under • notion that some
of blot fellow- ids enemieo, and that he had ex.
"Mid liiitilillt the. a most decided ksatility. Ewen in a mi.
see k *sold anger that ntehey hreeils,filteentions, and it so
that viabar the prisoner waS or fiumled himself to be the
etra ea attack ate' sometil ul
ese itntbotivionnspeuriol.theTehveenoitfing-
of the 11 ay, when sink Mention was attracted by the situation
in whim* the deceased Mahn was lying at the period when the
were ping to take the pliseseen from the day-roan or yard to their
cells lhe hit night. Hawn appeared to have revived a severe
- the left side of the belly from a sharp inserumeht, such
M *bleb the prisoner kept concealed In his possession. It .
NNW of the prhoners had been playing some games
/ass we at thehap.hahat they wished to take some of what
healed his pews" tics Alit, but that without any such attempt 1
M
hs
be made on their pegrea.ad alter being merely handled by the
dectened, that the Omit sashed upon him with an open knife and '
Iliellinted that wound, which in a few days caused the death of
asen.
emend of the confined In Kirkdalc Rouse of Coffee-
taw were them support of the opening statement of the
' liesdnei - pardaelarle a man of the name of Jackson,
Kt.
em#:
Magee to indulge in the most rancorous
,- • 111111111 that on the evening in 9uestion several of the
were having their joke after their day's labour t
the prisoner at the bar, seemed in an exceedingly bad
Zinc- particularly with Hudson, the deceased. Methaen
they were going to " ramp" or rifle Lim of his money,
elsit 41Ine he would not stand it, but defend himself to the last.
illethenapst his back to the wall and placed himself is attitude for
=eft defame, as it might be. The deceased made over
Illitheni ; they pulled one another for some time, and at
Inet Mateo struck him with • knife in the belly.
sere put several questions to the witness, and had
. innehred half an answer to any one of them, when lie ac.
a' of perjury and false swearing. This scene continued for
aseend minutes, nor could the well-intentioned and humane efforts
sfireta
of ilf. Justice Bayley prevent it. (Methane would proceed until,
et law. the witness negativing every question put to hint, Mention
eeluissuily gave up the contest.
The "shover, being called upon for his defence, said that he was
Ilan to understand that where • prisoner had no Counsel that the
e4We would plead for him.
111 i. Justice BarLEY told him lie had been misinformed.
The prisoner then drew from his pocket a long written statement,
which treated of wrongs and provocations he had received, but little
to the charge of which he was accused. Ile added, may I enter
into my defence, my Lord.
Mr.-Justice BAYLEY—Von may, if you think proper, but take
care you do not do yourself mischief. If you think the case can
stand better go on ; but at present there are legal objections in your
favour.
Here the prisoner entered into a long, wild, and rambling de-
fence, alleging, as the cause of his using the knife, that he only
did so to save himself from being " ramped" by the other pri-
soners. He expected a whole gang of men to come upon him, or
be never would have used a knife to one man.
George Graham examined—l was in the day-room on the 16th
of May. The prisoner was standing near the wall. The next man
to me had a towel in his hand. 'l'he towel was to cover the pri-
soner's eyes when someone else had got him down. A. man named
Richardson laid hold of the prisoner with both hands. Ile pulled
him from the wall, and kicked his feet front under him. The
prisoner then struck Hudson, who fell. I know that the " ramp.
mg was to take place : that is, to take from him all the money he
had.

rxit, Auo. 20.

John Murray, also a prisoner, corroborated the former witness'
Mr. Justice Bar, aEr, in recapitulating the evidence to the Jury'
ohserved, that for a considerable portion of the time occupied
during the trial, he had no doubt the case was manslaughter ; but
as it proceeded, something occurred which it would be for the Jury
to say whether it made out this case—.a case of murder. IF the pri-
soner had the knife by mere accident, it would be one thing; but
if he bad it by design, expecting an attack, which he himself pro-
yokes, then that would be a circumstance calling for the particular
attention of the Jury. And if they believed the prisoner had the
weapon with a design to inflict the deadly wound, and that death
ensued from such wound, then It would be their duty to find the
prisoner guilty of wilful murder, leaving the Court to do with the
prisoner as the best consideration of the subject would enable him
to do. Reasonable resistance would be allowed to a man attacking
another; but a deadly weapon should not be allowed to be used
where there was no adequate provocation. The reason why pro-
vocation reduces the crania to manslaughter, is because of the
sudden transport of passion ; but where • person is deliberately
armed makes all the difference. This, however, is a point of such
nicety, that it will require further consideration.
The Jury retired at twenty minutes past eleven o'clock, and
returned at one o'clock with a verdict Guilty of Manslanglotrs.
The foreman of the Jury then said, that the Jury wished to
state it as their opinion, that it was a case of the most aggravated
nature.

MATRICIDE.
Chnrles Ifeywood Green. aged 22 years, wag Capitally indicted
for killing and slaying Margaret Green, his mother, at Marichkater,
in the month of July last.
Mr. ASHWORTH stated the case.
Martha Read examined-1 was at the house of Mr. Green on
Saturday the 25th of June last. The house is in Mangles-street.
I went in about eleven o'clock. Mr. Green was in. I went there
a second time on being sent for, and saw the prisoner come in a
quarter before twelve o'clock. His mother opened the door; he
went up to his father and said to him, " you. I'll have your
life 4" his fisther then went out. The prisoner was forward in
liquor, be had had a great deal. After the father went out, the
mother said " Charles, my love, sit down and compose yourself;"
vud he said " B—t you, I have not done with you," and he up
with his hand and knocked her down. I do not know whether
his hand was open or shut. She tell upon the flagged floor.
when he kicked her, I believe on the left side. She
said " Charles, you have done enough ;" and he said " It he had
not, be would do more." Nothing more was done to her. I ass
leaving the house, when lie said " he had not done with me," and
he kicked me into the Street; I was thrown on my back into the
channel ; the door was left open. My son, John Read, came home
at one o'clock, and I and Mrs. Green were sitting on my steps;
she was very weak when she came to my step ; she complaintal a
good deal. My son then went to Mr. Green's house for my key.
Mrs. Green could not then walk by herself ; me son and I helped
her up stairs, and we placed her on the bed. She remained in my
house till the Sunday evening, when she went to her own house
assisted by AIL Green. While at my house she was in great pain.
I taw her on the Monday morning after, as she was coining down
stairs to have a bed made up below for her. She was then also in
great pain. I saw her six times that day—the last time was be.
tween six and seven o'clock. Somebody wu then attending her
with leeches.

Cross.examiued by Mr. D. F. Jowrs.—When the prisoner
kicked his mother, there was only myself, the deceased, and the
prisoner. My husband does not live with me. I have gone by the
name of Read for thirty years, and also by the name of Davis for a
year and a half. My husband was absent for eighteen years,
and then 1 thought I was at liberty, and I married Davis. My
husband then came back, but he afterwards left me. People
have called me by other names, but I never went by the name of
Reny. I was called :Harelee for about three months. I and
the prisoner were always on good terms before that night. I had
no quarrel with him on that night ebout money. He went
collecting money, but he did not receive it. He merely went
with a letter to threaten the party. I gave no reason for his at-
tack upon me. I believe I said before the Coroner, that the
Prisoner kicked me out of doors. I was quite sober that night.
Mrs. Green and I had some wine at the house where he bought
bread ; and a gill of beer at my dinner. I had also a taste of beer
with Green. I know a man of the name of Mason, and had some I
drink with him, which I forgot just now. 1 received 21. in the
day, and laid out some money, for I owed a good deal. I was sober
on that night, and also on Sunday morning, I did not tumble
down stairs 1 alertly dipped a few steps. know Mrs. Ilampson,
she lives close by me. I was kicked upon my leg and my ann by
the prisoner. I had a mark on the asele of my face, by the fall
down. The prisoner tore my cap. 1 got the mark on Saturday
night, which was made worse by my falling on Sunday down the
'steps. I know Clicabeth Bottomly. She is a witness ter the prose-
cution. 1 told her I had rather say less of myself, if I could do so.
[This witness underwent a very long and very minute cross-eza-
mination,with a view to show, from her general habits and character,
that her evidence ought not to be believed.]
Witness saw the deceased interred. I showed my firm where it
was kicked in the church-yard, to my daughter-in-law and others. I
had no liquor at the funeral. I never called the prisoner a rood in I
my lite, and never that " I would now do for him. I odd Iseetdd
do all I could to favour him. I never said to CsrtArigk. Oft 1118
hearing the words which I have just now denied. No one IMillillll4l
me in the churchyard, se far as I can recollect. I have Itadateilka
toner from an infant. When he was not In liquor, he wail esti
donate to his rumba, and she to him. Tholirimoner was the suit'or's
favourite. She was very fond of him. He mainly supported 1116
father and mother. He was in the sea of Mr.
solicitor, as n writer. He was a great sM to Ins Me
used to receive his wages at die silos .ea.. Thesapeseried do se
she pleased with it. Tlio phew lid ID wort slat Au, halan,
and on Sundays too, that his amber adight lowa the wet of k.
He seemed very sorry sa Maiday. sod Mod a paw Aral. the
deceased was healthy, Atli whelps Miran OD mil 7. foul- She
was low and slender.
John Read, the son of the last witness, corroborsited his maser,
as to the condition in which Mrs. Greta was discovered as the step
and in bed.

Etirabeth Bottomly saw the deceased one Monday morning. She
was poorly but did seem to surer much pato. I pat het after in
her coffin.
Cross examined—l know Me,. Read wbo was examined here to-
day. I said to her yesterday morning before we es op.
poor lad's time is very short. and she said " Yea. it does, and if
I pad Gs. N. to 'Wean suorney, I scald molts something out that

aid." I said she should Intr• oselekleved this before she went so
far : I added, " you base children of your own, sad yen Asa%
and
nnoddt.thewhaereparit wnisiascuistYabnelyceionie modooffotr them."hheart..iM;,nahli
hat!
nh Wallait3erwTartgase get
ekledwoUpleht Oferhiwcilitecoe:
several years.
111 r. Htenear Oilier, a surgeon at Manchester, Opened the body,
and states it as, his opinion. that the death of the was
caused by 'riblente—a fracture of two al 6hellibillh=alWl
top.
lure of the ipleina. from which there flowed ishatea ism pansed•oi
blood anionet. the bowels. The primary cause if duds srea the
rupture of the spleen. If there had been no fasomase of the tillis,
death would have been caused by the ruining. II fell upon a
plain floor could not, in my rategment, Lave elated Ades". The
ribs were snapped across, rattier than broken.
Cross.exanitned—The mere breaking of the ribs *malt tot
Occasion death, The vern is very soft, With vela' sod as artery. I mean by the Allstate . it—that :t was.torn and dirtied. What-
ever broke the ribs ?Mg t br:ak the spleen, which Is very dal ity
cultured.
~ .
file prisoner tieing
.kalled In five his defense, bail bet utter •
syi.ahla for a few minutes, nisi nttertin seeneed Asset cheated
'by his tears. Haring recovered a little. ' doe so the fatal
night he had a scuffle with the *ittttis Iran had much
annoyee him : that in the course of that scuffle Isis fend neither ' had unfortunately met the find arbident ; but this he had no more intention of doing her any injury than he had or injuring the Judge on the Binch at the Present moment. He, solornoly pee-
eehict
tested liis innocence, and expressed a hope that the gory would be.
riin,LlVilliarns deposed, that as he was taking trit the dreeiscd
tolielivbeereinibed on the Saturday nigM, she Said the injury was the cc-
' suit of accident. She said there was A sen4let that Charter had
a little liquor: tha,t it mutt be accident, for Charles had never laid
hands upon her before. I said he was always honest and indtintioes,
and would idd do It wilfully; and she said, *, No," wad added, it
had been done by some accident.
Thomas Cartwright was called to contindlet the Miami Read,
as to the expressions site used in the Church-yard, solh- IhreilatimlY
contradicted her testimony on *at point.
Mrs. Jane Stubbs lira opite Aretlt's honse. She seer Revd
lon the evening of the misfortune,; he was very tipsy, and mold
, not get Op the prisoner of door without holding by something. If I have known th for years, and he was aiways fond blend
good to this mother.
Mrs. Hammon bore tetimon7 to the affection always esibilbeisg
bet weer the prisoner and hi tt mother.
'l'. Mather, a Sheriff's officer, envoys cdhaidered the prisober so
be a mild and humane M yobng mem
r. John Thompson employed the ptieoner I. hit office for
seven years, ind always found him to be a young men of moderato
temper and mild disposition. He was particuivrly kind to hie
mother; he many times expressed himself so. He received tei
gular wages at a guinea a week, and, In • general way his mother
was paid his wages. He worked over-hours often, sad on assay •
Sabbath day, to earn something extra for his mother. I hate serf
defended him because of my regard tr his charsetet.
Mr. Justice Bsort.ty recapitplatfkl the evidence to the Jury,
who, withoot leaving the box, febnd hint ratty of Montfoughtet,
and recoulniended him to nit;44 in consequence of his previous
good character.,
Thomas Merriam was then called to the bar, and afro a suitable
admonition. was sentenc4 to be traniported to such place as his
Slajeuy might Ala fit for the term of his natural life.
The prisoner asked for the money whlch was .taken from him its
the prition; but he pins informed that it wits forfeited by law, stud
he could not therefore have i•

it.,
• • tIVIL BIDP..
(Beforb Mr. Baron II Ut.t.ocx.)
!outs t. Tuna Ea.
Mr. IVtra.tast9 stated that this wan an action broug.
plaintiff; who exercises the trade of a wall-painter, at Lives
against the defendant, who is a well-known blacking-manufam
in London, to recover the amount of 61. 3a. for work and labou.
done in painting on the walls in about Liverpool the words, " Use
Terrier's Blacking, 114, London-road Soptherark."
It appeared in evidence that the plaintiff received directions to
write up " Use Turner's Blacking," OR all the dead *ails and
houses In and aboUt the town of Liverpbol, and for which the des
fendant promised to pay a liberal sum of mdney. The letters were
painted in what could lie caileo a noble character—that *as to say
nine inches long and two broad. The plaintiff prepared *bat
painters call a sixpenny tool to execute this order, together with •
due quantity of size, and whiting attd bullock's gall, and in every
other respect fulfilled the order of the defendant. For all this
trouble the defendant promised to repay the plaintiff through the
means of his travelling agent, but up to this hour the demand had
not been liquidated.
The son of the plaintiff, a very spruce-looking gentlentin for $
wall-painter's son, proved the industry of his father in complying
with the orders of the defendant ; and in Ns cross-ekatnination he
amid not say whether. this trial was intended as a puff for Turner's
blacking. nr his father's penmanship, or to diem the different news,.
papers of the advertisements at the usual time oldie Summer As-
aims. The work *as *ell dome, and amounted to 61. !U., out of
which my father only received 10s.
Mr. BROUGHAM stibmitted thst this action cittld not be Main-
tained, inasmuch as it appeared from the testimony adduced, that
these parties entered into ri, contract to commit nuisance! by
wholesale.
Mr. Baron ritatoCE--Wlly don't you pay the people for tbeit
whiting and stuff?
Mr. BnoOGIIA,t—We do not deal in whiting. my Lord, eremite
deal in Marking, and we are not always paid for that. We really..
my Lord, think this to be an illegal eentract.
Mr. Baron H rt,Locx— Perhaps so, but you must pay the plaina
tiff: You blacking people spoil all the walls in the county; . and
yet you refuse to pay for it. Gentlemen of the Jury, you will had
for the plaintiff:
Verdict for the plaintiff—Damages. Gl. 35.
LIVERPOOL 011, GAS SHARES,
SHERLOCK v. SCOTT.
uirsmwaasdvaanncedactiboyn bihroeugphiati,:toift7coforvethretlipeusrtrbmizoofflOa73lh.
abrtein!
fendant, which it appeared the defendant was not in a aitvation to
tthheeTll:‘-iverpool Oil Gas Company, and purchased from the de:,
deliver.

by the

geARLETT stated the case to the Jury. The plaintiff had
applied to a broker, named Cogtm, in Liverpool, to purchase
for him a share in the Liverpool Oil Gas Company, and, about.
the acme time, the defendant Scott applied to the broker to pa
with all the shard in the same Company for him. The
broker stated to the plaintiff the terms of the defendant. An
agreement was entered into and the money was paid to the de-
fendant. A cestificate was received in return for the money, but
it was written, not in the name of Thotnas Scott, the defendant.
but of IValter Stint, his son, and a minor, of the age of ten years.
Thomas Scott applied to the Secretary of the Company to make
the transfer, but the Secretary refused, alleging, as the ground
of such refusal, the 13th section of the Act by which the Company
was incorporated, and by which thsy were entitled to refuse alt
transfers, except by brute fide holders. Now he (Mr. Scarlett) had no
doubt that the share purchased in the name o( the minor was put..
chased with the money of the plaintiff, and all he asked was that.
as the share could not be legally transferred to him, that he should
receive back his money ; but this the defendant refused to do, and
the plaintiff' therefore found it necessary to bring the present action.
Mr. Baron Iltri.cocx.—lf you cannot vary these facts, Sir.
Brougham, I certainly have an opinion which I should have no
hesitation in now giving, subject to a cast.
MT. BROUGHAM made no reply, and the case proceeded.
Thomas t'oglan, the broker, proved the sale of the share and the
terms of sale, and the payment of the purchase-money to Mr.
Scott. Both buyer and seller signed the transfer. 'the witness.
remonstrated with the plaintiff for the manner in which he had
acted, but he ridiculed the idea, and said, though lie bought in
his son's name, the money wail his own, and he could dispose of it
as he thought proper. The father and son signed the transfer ;
it was delivered to Mr. Sherlock, who paid the witness the mo-
ney. Witness told Scott that the transfer could not be signed as
his son was a minor, and that he was bound in honour to return
the money. Mr. Scott had not since been able to get the trans-
fer registered. The witness paid the money to Mr. Scott upon
the faith that the sale was a good one, and that the transfer would
be made complete.
Mr. BROUGHAM here contended, that according to the 43d
sect. of the Act, • general power of voting was given to a minor
(by his guardian.) Now if he had a right to vote he had a right
to transfer, and the Gas Company were decidedly wrong in re.
fusing to register the transfer. But lie ( Mr. Brougham) did nor
mean to teiy merely upon that. Coglan had been the agent of both
parties; he knew the manner in which all the shares were held.
These facts he communicated to the plaintiff, who with his ryes
opew
Mr. BATOR /I tr tLoci—Bought something which turned out to
be worth nothing.
Mr. BROUGIIAM—PethAp2 So. But here there has been re
concealment.
Mr. Heron Hut.toc t—l shall certainly direct a verdict for tics
I Plaintiff, subject to a case, if either of the parties think proper.
And here the case ended.
USS OF Sr CAR AS AN ANTIDOTE TO LEAD IN OAS!!
or POISONING.—'I'he following fact has been stated by
M. Reynard to the Societe des Sciences of Lisle. I)ttring
the campaign of Russia, several loaves ot' sugar had been
encloses' in a chest containing some flasks of extract of lead.
One of these flasks having been broken, the liquid escapes!,
and the sugar became impregnated with it. During the
diseresses of the campaign, it was necessary to have re-
MOM to this sugar ; but far from producing the fatal re-
sults which were expected, the sugar formed a salutary
article
It
paMilt s nckir a
degreei
service in enabling them ro support the fatigues ot
ilwattobing. Hence M. Reynard thinks that sugar might be
which
nee , it,
ofan thed
pashnleonf t
vigourto those
and who
activity made
Ist always at hand.
s
f
GREAT INCRSASr.—On the gth July ;sat,
steadailliPtegiof for
ePresulypelllitesng otfilesoddraecaingdo of f UT
I lbaage tnleas ti
o l
h eiac al; are
sowed a little mint seed in the neighbourhood ot
Charing-cross, which produced in seven days twenty thou-
sand guineas, by the mere turn of a wheel, and this is new
so much improved by Mr. Carroll, that whoever veribires
a small sum at either of his offices, 1.9, Cornhill, 7, Char-
ing-cross, or 96, Oxford-street, may receive 43,0001. on
'Wednesday, Slat this month, when the lottery scheme,
exceeding 218,000/. with four grand prises of 115,0001. &e.
&c. must he all decided, and the money may be received
the next day.
