LONDON,

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1819.

We have received Paris Papers of %Vetlnesilay
alai Thursday last. We awaited their uirival re.
osactierly with considerable anxiety, in eiise-
iluelice of a fk111)01111 winch hail prevailed in town
un Satuiday, that private litters had been re.
eeived, statiog that apprehensions were entertained
11 the Ph)sicians of the King of riteNcz, that
1111 NI AJESTY Was thiridened with a mortification in
the leg., and that los Isle was considered in im-
mediate danger. The Papers of Vi'ednrhd.iy are
Silvia on the subject of the KING'S health; but
ilie Animal des DeGuis of Thursday, trot has.
ing I WVVi4/11111y given any intimation of his illness,
informs us " That bia MAJESTY'S health is daily
improving," and that loupes are entertained of
his being in a short time enabled to resume his -
usual airings." It would be a serious blow to the I-
tranquillity and prosperity of France, were she,
tinder existing ciremustances, W lose her present
King.

Tile Munitear of Thursday contains an article,
written defence of the KIN ti's Government,
from a charge brought agai►st it by the. Ultra-
Royalists end forgoer Emigrants. His ►M*jt:i I T
is accused—not, as the Monitrur okiserves, of iii-
fringiog the laws, of devising arisitrary measures,
or of oppressing ally individuals—but of c{rq►ency,
hi permitting the exiles Under the
the I,ttli of July, to revisit their native country.
How happy must the ►Monarch be whose apologists
have to defend only his excess of virtue ! We can,
however, at the same tune, excuse the feverish
amnety with which those who suffered front the
horrors of the Revolution watch their stew, iu whose
if.euroce Or souivity their suffering, urigionteol.
11111 if the remembrance uf their own exile cam
excite uu leeling of sytupat it), fur the late of others,
who, rn beim; banished from their country, lose
tither the means of existence or the power of
enjoying it, let it be some consolation for thew
rr irtlect, that these few individuals uotv returned,
trill were they able or willing to disturb the Go-
verunieht, are under the constant surveillance of an
active police, sod are thereby rendered less ennoble
ut f,tiplopiig their talents and power to the injury
of their country, than if suffered to carry on thri r

the Chamber of D, retitle,. lull', 1.11wIt) of tbe
Peru.; one esc,thonileg the power or Joeirs, another
repreil*iug the criincg of the Press getierelly, and
the third confined more particularly to the Journal►.
The project for libeling the mri:cenieiit of the
linalic,al year wa• OD Tuesday adopted by u majority
of 131 to 100.

In the proceedings of the Chamber of Deputies
on IVednesday, mention is made of a Petition from
an individual complaining of a ftliiiisterial Ordi-
nance in the year 11, prohibiting intermarriages
between white mid black persons., A Member,
M. 'AISNE LIE VI I.I.EVEQUE, in Pl;llking on the
Petition, adverted to the desire stilt felt in France
of i erovering St. Domingo ; but he disclaimed
all idea of re-establishing slavery within the island,
and seemed to contemplate it as a free wormer
of the Empire. Its liberty woo to be guaranteed,
the present rights of property confirmed, a Consti-
tutional Charter granted to it, with a right of de-
fending itself independent of an European gar-
rison. Ills observation•, however, could nut induce
any other Member to deliver his ►entiments on the
►ante subject.

A Petition wis presented from a person named
MARTIN, praying that the importation of corn might
be prohibited, and the exportation of it permitted.
Such a Petition is excusable in a country which is
.entially agricultural; au that if the Petitioner,
who, be it remarked, is not supported by others,
took the idea of his demand from recent proceed-
ings in this country, his conduct is not guile so im-
politic and cruel as that which we have here wit-
nessed. 'rite stores of Marseilles are over-burdened
with foreign corn, sent immense quantities from
the ports in the Black Sea, on speculation founded
on the demand of preceding years, The poor of
France, and other countries of the Continent, will
have the advantage of this superfluity; hut it has
pleased our legislators, in their wisdom, to debar
Gorr the saute eicjoyinent the working classes of
tins country, which is essentially manufacturing,
and of which even the agricultural labourers
depend ou the markets fur their provisions. Who
caw wonder that a large proportion of our working
classes is reduced to the hard•necessity of eating
the bread of public charity, and of having their
finer principles of proud independence beaten
down and obliteratetl, when by a public art of the
Legislature their provisions- are kept up in years
of plenty at a famine price, while their wages,
isistcad of keeping pace with their artificial
wants, are reduced
even below their former
nominal amount ? We fear it will at length be
hound that the agriculturist* and lauded proprie-
tor* have deceived themselves in promoting this
state of things ; for the poor's rates, which in 1799
excited general astonishment, by having reached
two mill* a year, are now very little short of
eight millions. They have increased considerably
since the enactment of the Corn Laws, and are
still hicrevaing.

A Flanders Mail has arrived, with Brussels
Papers to the I.9th instant. It if stated under the
head of ilanihurgh, that among the negro slaver;
brought from the interior of Africa to Tripoli, theme
were several belonging to Christi+u► tribes in that
count ry.

A number of outward-hound merchantmen have
put into Portsmouth during the week with foul
aliok A :47 thew are—the Waterloo, Attar.
11.milney, General KO, Herefordshire, and Atreus-
ham. fur the East Indies and China. The Mar-
ch' 1111 l sii of IiASTINGS is a pit&striger for Calcutta.
atthe Waterloo. The number of vessels detained
Portsmouth, waiting liir u fur wind, amounts to
ut 80 sail, rhclusive of the trauspoits with the
5111 and 9111 regiments on board.
The Carron, 36,Captain FUILNEAUX, with specie
for Calcutta, strived at St. Helena en the Bth of
December. The Hyena and Hardy arrived at the
Cape on the 7th December to take on hoard live
stock for St. Detroit. The Casar. TAYLOR, is
arrived in the Downs; left St. !Helena on the 23d
December.

The Queensbury pecker, from Jemoies, brought
frright of i7o,onot dollars for werehuotit.

The Be (nevi), will be Winched frotn
Pembroke 3•aril in April ; and the firgurd (new),
fruit tlie same yaid in May. The Melia', 18, and
ijritoinuri, 14, have been sold out of the service.

The I find, lAistle, and Snapper, it Portsmouth,
are marred to he fitted for eommisston.

Detachments nt. t he 58th and Gist regiments em-
barked on Saturday moiling, in the Serapis, for
Janialca.

By a letter dated Carlisle Bay (Barbadoet.),
littuary 15, 1819, we learn that the London. of
London, %nil part or the Yd, or Queen's regiment.
on Iward, which wiled Iron. Spithead on the 9th
December, arrived there ins tl4e 12th Jatinary, all
%%ed. The Euryalets, Captain IlusvassoN ;
Captain Tomititisuds ; and Raleigh. Capt. HAum-
G itwr, had joined the Anfelupe, Admiral HARVEY,
on that station. The squadron was particularly
healthy. Admiral CAMPBELL, in the Solittury,
was daily expected to arrive, to relieve Admiral
HARVEY.

' • Tote last instalment on tile Loan was paid on
' Frisky, *lure *lnch Exchequer Hills, bribk no
Imigrr aektihade rur the intvittesit to Guyer 1111 l ent,
Dave declined its value. They vat!" its price from
64. to ins. premium. The preseut isccuutit
Conant% closes on Wednesday next.
Sown' 11'aLia Mistrons. —Great disorder again
prevails anumg the miners in the iron-works at
Dusslats, near Merthyr Tytivil, who, to the num-
her tot' several hundreds, have leers' out of work
fur alonte pato, tat ID oet'&01011 the stoppage
sit the. Woeka Ito some haunches, allot to threaten reels

PA I: LIAI.II S TA:: Y P F

No I.

f o an account laid befoie the Lionel. of C. rninnes
the 11111 how the 'tut+ of
and of 9.50.0001. granted in the la,t Session of Pa.
liantent, to elialtle Ilio Majesty to provide for tut
expentire as do not form le part of the oialinary
charge* of the Civil we find the following
item*. winch are particularly &tie& ring of the atten-
tion of the public, at a time when the deficiency f
nor public socome unwind* to nu leis a bum than
13.tmo,uoul.:—

1. Co'diligent anytime' and Messengers Inns iii
the departments of 'she Treasury and three Secre.
Wire or Side; and larted.Chemberiain, 64.1471.
As no particitl•n' are gibes of this charge, it is
not easy to say bow fir it is& is not en extraragent
one; but when it is reinembered that this charge
in over and Amite ell the salaries mid incidental
eltyestnes of an iminemer attiouot, which are paid
to ihie itinnerosis linliaidisolo who I►ekus to these
departments. it Would appear to hr its r;peudstuse
skids Iseuld bear considerable retrenchment. TLr
Charge fur the Foreign Deperiniesst slow.. is 12,000/.
though ins subsegdent part of the palter there A
Charge of 36,011/. for extraortlinar) Ili horsemen, 'A
to Mini-air. at Foreign Courts abide iocludei
1.119 f. for Lord Castlereagh'. mi.sioii to Aix-la-
Chapelle. To these charge., and behoigiog to the
same department, is to be athird a charge 1.1
1t),3(.1. for presents of gold sotiff.hoxes .Ic,c. to
5111'141er. of Foreign ahogether 4
charge of V4.453i. for coutingent expenses belong-
ing tO the Foreign Departinelit, over and mhos.,
the regular eipetutiture for t:tsid.ip4 to ircretar roe;
and desks, to Ambassador+, Envoys, and a eel
lung list of established incidental expense,.
ifseliairs of public hiuldiors, 111111iOsiting to
21,4704 In which is isicludril 6.121/. for the Mira
building► *lnch. at Our tune or other, in the
course of the hit fifteen years, has cult the public
Something not far short of a million of tummy.
3. it appea:s the intik of ihr Grand Duke
Nicholes cost the country 11,000/. Cos it Impose.
slide that there was no waste or improper apillien.
tioti of no pert of this most extravagant expen-
diture ?

4. Thrre is a charge of 12,636/. for the Com-
missioners employed io investigating the Fee. of
Courts in England sod S :Alum'. A standar stn.*
will soon be called fur the Irish Co ml em-
ployed ou the same duty. This is the third or
fourth year they halve ouar rd to spread their
labours over, a ithout being at all sear a close of
them.

5 She' Conviction:and overimy tnesits,24,soo:.
What is the nature of this, charge ?
6. Priming public records 14001. Ought not
the stile of throe interesting works to provide tits
means of s.tvi;ig the public front Ibis espenite?

7. 1,059/. to the Society caile.l " Flo Itpruge
for the Destuute." Why wive out 11114 grata
brought before Parliament, awl voierl ow estimate ?
It is obviotufly a very great defect itt the finnan e
system of the country, to have so large • HUT MS
370,0001. a year to pay for contingeffeies, alter all
that is laid out wider the head of incidental ex.
penes and miscellaneous services. The practice
opens a door to great extravagance.., and admits of ate
opportunity of *mew hog much expense, wbtt:i,
would rie%er .be attempted, if the finestioa of
io-
eurring it was itt the first instance brought berme
the (louse of CWIIIIIOIII6 What 'louse of CUT..
mous would ever venture to vote tor gold
soa-boxes, or 1,000/. fur the honour of a vigil
from a Russian Grand Duke t !!
The next Paper that comes from the !louse Ll
Coininuns is on account of the sum that will be
wanted to make good Ike deficieacy ttf tke pipit Ir.
Site gforesaid J 70,0001. hot civil contingencies, MO
which deficiency we bud amounts to 79,1541.
here we hove.' our Foreign Office again upon us:
Plate for Foreign 11Iiiiiders and Governors, 7,6791.
—further extraosiliiiary disbursements by Foreign
Ministers, 35,1181. including 4,9071, fur more
GOLD SNUFF BOXLS s. For the Royal yatch there
is a e!Hilge of:11,195/. for funtilui c way, to illesars.
Tatham and 520. From the two accounts it up,
peare, that the total contingent mares for the Fu•
reign Department, for lBll,h is 117401., and fat
gold 11114. (luxes 32,349/. ! ! !

Tll6 FUENCIf AGC....01101.0 who have not
bail the advantage or residing iii Prance fur the ac-
quirement of the language, will derive moth benefit from
little work that has just **peered, cutitlrd " 11.• Art of
Preask Conversation." It is constructed on so hew nnil
relieut o Ono will, no do6lo, h•obo it, to sup( tAttle tto
net of all %sucks of a siwillir mauve 1114 have. 11itteerto av
rarest.

A Sectlntl Edition of the admirable Letters r!'
ihruce ll'oliede to George Montagu has appeared. ,
which the ice{ smiles of ♦ll the diqinasitelted persons 014444
to are restored. Caoll.tir MONTAGU taw the sun of Reis/ado,
General Faissatsts alowracu, and nephew to the eccuo
Earl of Ilatmelt. Jle was Member u( PatiiiMeal 5.4
Northampton, Usher of the "Stark Rod in Ireland dam. !
the lututeneney of the Earl of Hahires, Private Secrete,:
to laird NORTH, when Chancellor of the Exchequer, any
*bemuse isitiasste friend of Hoases W*Lpnit.

A beautiful blar.k Tiger and ati tairligrial Sr..
pent, originally Intruded for the King of Ow
PlFTNiaLArips, has fait beta peraesered by a gitliaewass t .
Mt. Cial/Si, Cruprielor *), the Royal Menagerie. at piste,
Change, al a prat mark of renewals fur leap siurslassimir. ts.
eatouna in pr n.S (isg.srdlcsa of rpossease) s eery
sirodurriun of tocrier. cliole.. Sucb r rournr:so n:44v
tnriruciloo to the reshot gtherattiust. se well as tu
Is afforded by this truly grarld &wt. far uctris..it t rm?
stmalillidrinrist of the kind mum eitstli, tud joatly d.-....•.
pattimagr t:mt maws 1,11 carklit 4
