MINERVA OFFICE.

This Day i 9 publislttri, in Three VoWale, 12mo. pri,:e IC.. Gd.
sewed,
11 By
and. M.AUD: A Novel.
By NIARI oeN :MORE.
Printed for Lane and Newman, Lt.-ado:Mall-street.
Where may be had, just publi.cued,
Nobleman and Steward; or, Memoir. of the Ali may Family,
three volumes, IHIO. 12s. sewed.
Castle of Caituneas; a Scottish itCaliiinCe, two volumes, 7s.
sewed.
Accusing Spirit; or, De Courcy and Eglehtiae, four volumes,
is.. sewed.
Swedish MysterirA ; or, the I-lero of the Mines three volurees,
13s. Gi.
Ruthisiglenne ; or, the C. &cal !foment, by Mrs. Redly,
three volumes, 13s. Gd. ,ewed.
Midnight Wetillalgs, by Mrs. Meeke, three volumes,,V.s. 6d.
sewed.
Lusiguan ; or, Abbaye La Trappe, four volumes, 14s. seted.

This Day is puLlished, in Four Volumes, 12mo. price les. in '
boatiL,
ROMANCE of the PYRENEES : a Novel.
Printed fur G. and J. Robinson, Paternoster-row.
Of whom may be had, lately published,
1. Theodosius de ZulvuiLthe Monk of Madrid: a Spanish
Tale : Delurcatitij L.Tious Traits ahinnan Mind. Ity Geier
Moore In 4 vols. 12inu. pike 14s. boards.
Y. Atilt, froni the French of M. De Chateaubrian". With
Notie by the Translator; and Engravings by Heath, from the
Deintrts of the Iten. Countc-ai D'Altotr and J. H. 1311, it A.
In one small inx...lts.t volume, elegmtly priiittd on superfine
wove paper, price si. howds.
3. Monekton ; or, The Fate of Eleanor : a Novel. To which
prefixed, a G•mcral Defence of Mudem Novels. Pi the
Author of Count dr Noviiii. In 3 vols. 12rno. price 10:. fid sewed.
4. The Algurine Captive; or, The Life and Adventures of
Doctor Updike Underhill, Six perms Prisoner tinlong the Alge-
ria's. In 2 volumes,
.12sao. puke 6a Seed.
5 Helen of Glenro : a Novel. the Anther of Historic
Tales. 1.1t4. tat. ans.'iiiice 'l6l. la Wins.

This Div is publighed, the Second Editing, in One large Vo'
buote:iiii% pried:, in tioaxte, 4t. and a smail Edition,
on 9r. w.ote !at Pa izy, nr cynt h ital., 63.
TH E 111EDITATIONS of a REcLust:
cbierof on RAU; itui titinicct4.
KTITL.VSTE;t, M .
Vicar of Sto:ktmt-...m.i.Te grid Gr.sathara, in the County
[J of t:l:tam.
iirinte-1 f>r F. A 714 C. Rtvi7igton, X.. 12, St. Plitri Church-
Irani; a.id W. Clarke, Nevi 8.,.,d-itrJet. au.' also 'by J.
ttntebtioli No 190, Piccadilly.
U. wn on m ty i e n.td, lately im:ilisht.:4l, by the :arm Author,
ASe til.tr Esktiy : co,uaining a il•••11%.14 )I:ttaVO Voelf EVea!;!. •
tu,! Ei4uatildwitig the
Eileiteetith Century. With Re I..etio.t. ri.t Li:: State of Prat:,
in that Palud. In Oile vo!uine ii..14Y0, price, in
boards, 7s.

. ,
Tiii4 day is painstied. a Nikw Editions handsomer), primed ill
riree Volume, 0...tav0, urn ini:lited with Seventern clega,4
LAgraviatcs, front pests g; by Wheatley; R. A. &c. Trace
_ .

11...5. bi;ar;l4'
, . . .
HR
riIWORKS of EDWARD YOUNG, Au-
-1 fiat of tad Nigat T.to.lnt•l tertled and cart.:4:ti tsy
him-cif. •

Printed for J. Sewell, Otridgt and Snn; J. Nizo!s, 3.. Wal-
ker, •F. and C. kismet...l, J. Scatetterl, Ver:tor and Hood,
Long.u•u and Z•e t, C.12;1 and Jaci., CO.tte:l and 'shank,
()v.v.. aa.l S )n, G. and J. Rusiasan, J. MawmaO, T. Huts:,
and Carp: liter ant' Cu.
N. B. T.O stole Work, Threr. Vnlorne.";, Rvval Ago. 11.165..

Thi4 Day a published, in One large Volume, Gene()) priOe
bound 74. a new F 4 ition. being the Twenty-eighth, nil
COMPANION for the FESTIVALS and -
FASTS of the Cif URCII of ENGLAND; with Gui-
le-3s and Parieri for each Solemnity.
R, Kt./UR f
Printed fir F. a:id C. Itlyinqthi, G...nd J. liohintan, R.
13.0tivoiri' W. 3 arid J Richad.on, It. Fauld.,t, H. Gardner,
J Wulier, J. Nunn, W. Lewader, G. Wiikie, J. Lic.itchnnii,
E. J4l nybe7y,-1,41,11.4.11 and Rce:, and T. Hum.
N. X. A few c0,n,,, at,: printed thA a supelliue waeeri paper,
price booed gs.
01 she strove-mentioned Eook4ellers alai be had, by the sum

Author,
The Pra:tice of True Devotion, in relation to the En 3 aA
well a. the Meant of Religion ; with an Otsze far tha 11
ContniuniOn. The Nineteenth Editioa. .Ta.traieh it pre-
fixed, the Clauao,:r of the Author, is due vol. lAtina, ptice
bound, ai. t; d.

This Day was publithed, Pficc..box,d, Ys. or 225. a dozen to
those who buy them to give away, a New Edition, belug
the Twenty-fifth., of
r nHE PIOUS COUNTRY PARISHIONER
I instructed how to siiend every day thiough the whole
ctoirse of his life, in a religious and acoeptable.
site how to kee, the Lowl's Day coarse of reading
the !Lily Scripture., wherein is sliewn how much they mit do
is cluiluence, all the rules of human art.+4. right method of
edticatioo.—The consequences of withholding instruction
from children; how to ,:übdoit their paAsio:lt, tund rnalte
a comfort to their frieods, and a bie.tiag Lf3 the worlcl....ne
Feasts and Fasts to wfilch are added, -Collects on seve,ral.oca
caions: Also; a D;scohrse coocinning th 6 indispensibtt,
though, in country parishes; much neglected duty, of receiv.,
ing the blesd Sacrament of the IsoscriSunicer ; wherein the
nature oi it is desctibed ; the ueligations Of frelireating 4 en-
forced; all the excuses usually broughtior the tiregie.A of it an;
swered.—The ignorant person taught what he must do in or-
der to be a worthy Cortununicaot.--,Ai.d, because all mut!
die, Rules arc givon fur a devout behavniiii in the time of sick-
ness ; and Directiubs lald da•wr. how to ire?are for i ha/4;1
change at death.
Proitcd for F. and C. Rivington, NO. 62, St. Pa'il's Church-
yard ; R. Baldwin ;G. ani J. Robinson G. Wilkie ; and
C. Law.
P. S Ting book is hi the list of books recommen 'd and
dispersed by Use Sias;ety fur yrwaetii4 Cadlitakicriawiedgs.

I

0

1

1, 71
.
0
• ' ,
1
.
1., 1
i
. .
.. i
1
: 1
*
i
. t
.1
.., '
Y
,
,
1
4
• ...•
. eta
,u
.7-4•
,
4
:
'
,
, 1
J
1
1
• •.;
• . !
'1
. ..
~,
.4
. )
' 1
• r
i .
I 4
,
' I
• A
. ... .
:
I

.~

1.17 I:R.ITTIRE.

rit .tenit pretium milowre.

it.

V.

1 0

As (.ne eh3ect of our work is to supply the reader '
with that entertainment Which results from variety,
no Apology will be nec.sssary when we pass front
the works of nature to those of erSe--fenin the wilds
of Britaia to those efforts of human labour which,
from the rocks of Malta,. look defiance tear the sea,
and ',sidle the thunders of war. Mr. AENEA, AN-
oratioe, who formerly visited China in Lord si ,
cartney'a train, and who published a narrative
that niemoratle Embassy, has lately given to the
public, " A Journal of the Secret Expedition," (as
it was called) from the period of its. sailing from
the I)owns in April 1800, to the surrender of Alex-
andria on the 80th of August 1801. From this vo-
lume, which, with all the official papers respecting
the Expedition,consists .532 quarto pages, we shall,
borrow the fellowieg account of some of the prin-
cipal fortifications of Malta. Mr. Anderson was
engaged in the Expeditinn,, pessol some time
on the Island, which he describes.
64 ritta Vecchia, or the old city, whose scite is on
the highest ground in the island, and near the cen-
c-e of it, was the ancient capital ; hut the city of La
Valetta, where the government resides„ is the actual
metropolis of the island. Its dependencies, which
are encicOed within stupendous fortifications, are
considered as so many distinct towns. Besides the
canals, there are small• groups of hooves scattered
about the country. 'the coast is defended. by en-
trenchments, batteries; and towers, tidal whence the
inhabitants give advice, by signal or f=ret, of any
Suspected vessels that may be seen at sea. These
towers, built at a small distance • from each other,
and forming a curve, the extremities of which reach
to the two castles' placed at the entrance of the km.
boUr, eepeat the. signals with such rapidity as en-
sum the prompt defence'of the whole coast.
" Besides the two chief harbours between which
the city of La Valetta is situated, there are s'veral
bays, where vessels may tide with safety. Two of
the meat considerable are, St. Paul's Bay, and that
of Marto Seism°, where the Turks landed. in the

year 1,136.
" Ific'aitale of the coast affordt opportunities for
landing, except the southern part, which is bold,
rocky, and of a great height.
" The island of Gaza has no harbour, hat several
bays. Its coasts are also furnished with towers,
whose signals, repeated by the fort at Comina, very
rapidly communicate the alarm to Malta. It con-
tains one castle, one town, and sircazals.
" The city of La Valetta was Uuiit, or at leant its
foundations were laid, in the year 1586. The ele-
vation of the spot, and its position, between the two
great harbouis of the island, determined the choice
of its simation. it derives its name from the Grand
Master, La Valette, who, after having sustained a
siege against the Turks, with very unequal num-
bers; and almost incredible efforts of courage, and
tearing another and more powerful descent from the
Ouoman troops, obtained supplies from the court of
Spain, and cauralthe walls of the new city to be
traced according to a plan conceived and laid down
by himself. Tae inhabitants of either sex and of
every age made a voluntary offer of their labours
towards building the city, which would not only
prove their defence, but serve to increase their com-
merce and secure their wealth ; as well as increase
the importance of the island, by the additional pro-
tection it w..uld give to the trade of Europe in the
Mediterranean sea.
" La Valette dying in 1588, it was reserved for
his successor, De' Mont, to finish the work, and the
'whole was campletc -1 on the 18th of May 1371.
" The principal attention in building this city
was paid to the construction of fortifications tor its
defence ; and the chapel, called La Vittoria, built
by La Valette, in commemoratien of raising the
siege, was at that time the cnly place of worship
belonging to ea.e Order.
" The knights (leach nation were allotted a par.
ticular spot for their hotels ; and that of the English
Rnights, which has since been replaced by the An-
gla-Httearian, was fixed in the quarter of La Po-
lorista.
" It may also gratify curiosity to be informed,that
the knights of r4ch nation were separately attached
to the defence o: a-particular post, and that the a;-
signments of them were according to the following
arrangement :
The kuights of
Provence, the llntion of St. Phil, &c.
Auvergne Unto St. !k1,,11..ie1.
1 mice Dino St .lams.
rta;, St. Peter and St. Paul.
A,rwic Data St.
Englaild Platform of St. Lazarus.
Germany Bastion of St. Sebastian.
Castile Ditto St. Barbara.
es La Valetta has already been mentioned as seated
an a lofty part of the island ; and it must now he
added, that it projects boldly towards the sea for
ahout a mile, is washed on either side hy. two
branches or inlets of it, and presents, at the same
time, a stupendous mass of fortifications.
"'ltt principal batteries are those of the fort and
castle of St. lalmo. This fort stretches,asit were, into
the sea, it defended by three tier of cannon, chiefly
brass, and tas an handsome signal tower rising
from the crown of it. The castle, at the same time,
is surrounded with a ditch fifty feet in depth, and
is-alsa encirried- by the battery of St. John, which
is mounted With a numerous and an heavy artillery,
chiefly brass four-and-twenty pounders, and brass
mortars. This castle and battery tompletely over-
look the harbour, and command its entrance, pre-
senting to the sea an almost impregnable aspect.
Opposite to it, on the right, is Fort iticasoli, and on
the lett Fort Tigne, which commands the Alarsa
Muschctta harbOur, allotted for vessels performing

c-narantine. •
" The castic-andbatteries of Ricasoi are situate
at the entrance of the grand harbour, which they
likewise corninand from a variety of points. It is a
place of great strength, as it stands upon a rock,
:old its batteries arc mounted with heavy cannon
from twenty-four tb forty-tv:o pounders. Its bar-
racks, which are very extensive, and spacious gal-
eries, are all botab.prortf. In one of the latter, on
the' eastern point, there are a considerable num-
ber of twenty-four pounders, pointed towards the
sc. Which completely defend the approach of the
t'' nor harbour from the east, and must inevitably
destroy any ships which should be so idly daring as
I:.+ xarl the conflict.

to _
" The dittrAnce to it is by a flight of sixty or
eighty steps from the sr,:ter, at the top of which is
4 ditch, with a draw-bridge leading to a strong
gate-way, wise* preb supports*the house otficiiilly
•

occupied by the commandant' of the garrison:. 'From
. the*st story of this commodious mansion there is a
noble view, comprehending St. Elmo, the entrance
of the liarbour, the city of 'La Valetta, and other
connected circumstances. There is also a grand plat-
form, on which guns may he mounted, that ex-
tends several hundred feet over a range of buildings
occupied as barracks, and boinh•proof. There is a
very noble parade for the troops immediately front-
ing the commandant's house, which the zeal and
attention of General Pigot, that were constantly ap-
plied to every object of public utility, had formed
a plan to improve, and which was nearly completed
when that excellent officer returned to England."

TIM LID 14 NI E.
7'./EATRE-ROYAL, DRLIRT-LANE.
THIS EVENING will' be prelSited a New Comet.* called
HEAR BOTH SIDF.S.
The Character* by Mr. Dowtnn, Mr. Blitni4ter, Jun. Mr.
C. Ke.nble, Mr. kaymnint; Mr. Snett, Mr. Wrooglitun,
Mr. Chary, Mr. Wewitaer, Mr. Collins. Mni Mine, :old
Mrs. nasal. Th... Prolnktieto`be spoken by Mr. Bmili.ster,
Jan. and thz Epilogue by MN.Aran.
To which will be added,
_ _

LOVE AND MAGIC.
The New Comedy will be performed every Evenidg ftir-
ther nntre.
1:11,1 Oentleinan who made his Third Appearance in gishiard
the Third, on Fridav night, was mph; received with tiniverNal
applause. Due will be giveir of his next Perfutinaric...

TPEATRE-ROI"AL, COVENT-GARDEN.
Tins EV ENING will be perbrincil the Comic Opera of
FAMILY QUARRELS. • •
The rrincipal Character+ by
Mr Ilra7i.no, Mr. %Wolen, Mr. Blanchard, M. Ertery,
Jlr I:cyerly, Mr. Sisnimon-, awl Mr.
Mr. Mattucks, Mr.. St. lacgcr, Ctrs. 1./ibilin, Mho Waddy,
Awl Signora Srorace.
To which will 1w atilt:Al, a new •lalo.nr.tine, ea:led
A TALE 01.* MYSTF.RY.•
Ti.-mniinir, a Yining Gentle than will perform the Character
of 1 lasulet, ftor. the hr-t

Er.R:au N.l-1 n our Paper of Yearrerdiy, in the Advertise-
nieut Corruros InAsitsesa,• fur! mac of the pLinti, read we of
the plater, &c.

Yellidgd&y...KlNo MARTIRDON--iiiktiay at
' the rubtic Utticcs•

THE B 1 PRESS.

LONDON,
TUESDAY, FEII. 1.

/to new or i:nportant business is expected-to be
brought forward in either House ofParliament dur-
ing the present week.—The New Opposition, how-
ever, will take an early opportunity to renew their
attacks upon the Treasury Bench.. We understand
they mean to chuse new ground, and turning their
attention from Foreign Politics, to attempt a refu-
tation of the flourishing statement of our Finances
made by the Minister in the beginning of the Ses-
sion._%Ve have not yet heard of any :additional
support acquired by them during the Recess, but
report speaks loudly of the powerful force that Go-
vernment will muster.

Foreign Intelligence is still in arrear.

The Lord' Lieutenant of Ireland held- n Privy
Council at the Castle of Dublin, on Tuesday last,
at which Proclamation was ordered to be issued, to
take IF the restriction of quarantine from vessels
corning from the provinces of Pennsylvania and
Maryland, tl.e epidemic fever having there totally
•
cmed.
Levers from Naples, of the 29th of Dec. state
that the Neapolitan truops arc in possession of the
town, and the English of the tin trees.
Monday senuight the Right lion. Lord Srne-
r•oeu was unanimously cho,en Member of Parlia-
ment for the Dumfries district of boroughs, at
Annan.
'The accounts yesterday received, by the Dublin
Mail, prove that the outrages in the south of Ire-
land are merely the result of misery, want of civi-
lization, and of an efficient police, and not of a
treasonable spirit. It has, therefore, been thought
adviseable by Government to decline any extraor-
dinary interference, under the conviction, that the
ord:nary ciurse of the law is sufficient for the re-
storation of tranquillity. The report that the In-
surrection- Act was to be extended to that country
is therefore unfounded.

Mr. Lirrensol says, in his address to the Senate
arJ House of Representatives, that " the cession
of the Spanish province of Louisiana to France,
will, if carried into effect, make a change in the
aspect of the forei,Ti.relations of the United States."
It most certainly wilt. Instead of a sluggish and
inert neighbour, it will give them one full of ac-
tivity, enterprise, and design.
Many complaints having been made of the num-
ber of beggars 41 different descriptions,. that have
lately infested the streets at the West 'l7'n,/ of the
Town, whose insolent mode of supplicating charity,
in some instances, amounted almost to thieats; Sir
liltuAun Fogo ordered upwards of thirty of the
most notorious to he apprehended, on Sunday last,
in the principal streets near St. James's. These
were yesterday examined at Bow-street, before it
Rtcu.sttu Fonu and TuostAs notuNsor,, Esq. and
by them committed to pri:oi, as rogues and vaga-
bonds.

Letters from Havre, Jan. 23, state—We arc here
very busy is seeding out more victims to the West
Indies; 2000 sail to-morrow, and a larger force is
preparing ; it is said 66,000. If they should send
100,000, the yellow fever will provide for them all.
'7,000 men have fallen under this dis Order. An
other who left St. Domingo otte month ago :braved
me the actual returns—not a'house remains standing
in the country—every thir.g is levelled to the ground-,
or burnt. A White person dare not move half a
mile from the centinels, without the certainty of
being murdered. No quarter is given. The Blacks,
in dying, will not take quarter.- He assured me that,
under the stroke of the bayonet, they declare death
to be preferable to slavery. The cruelties on both
sides are dreadful, and are even incredible. Fre-
quently fifty or one hundred of these unfortunate
wretches are conveyed ten or twelve leagues to sea,
and thrown ovetboardi, tied back to back, though
they are generally first suffocated in the hold. Ido
not doubt the veracity of dn., officer. Indies his
acoitUnt has been continued to me by others.

LONDON •FASHIONS,
•
101 1111Sku A k ti'.
Tot:watt DRESSES.--Short robe of plain rlltent netta
crape, embroidered with silver plate in a manner which pro-
duces the sanie effect on both sides. The sleeves short and
plain, are male of white lace and finished with a bracelet. The
train is of white satiii„.embroidered. round tile hottvtn with sil-
ver. White shoes. Tiara °nutrient in the hair, and brace-
lets on the anus.
Dies,: of pink crape or patent net, erribroid-red with gold
plate in the same manner as bt the preceding. The drapery
finished in a point on the left skit!, and fastened to the dress
with gold cord and tassels. Very full sleeve++ of pink crape the
same as the dress. The front made plain and very low, with a
lace tucker drawn full round the bosom. A white satin pet-
ticoat, embroidered round the bottom with gold'.
DRASS.—A small routurturban of white crape, trim-
med routulthe front w ith gold. A white Ostrich feather placed
behind; so as to'fall twee the left sidi•.
For these elegant and superb Dresses we are obliged to Mrs.
Lelwiin Boileau.
PfitAirtrADF.DRESSES.—:-Round dress of eimbrirk nil's-
lin Spencer cloak of black velvet, trimmed all roilod with
hroad lace. Black velvet bonnet, omansented•with black lea-
thern. Bear mutf.
Round dress of white muslin, trimmed round the bottom
with a coloured border. Long' sleeves made across anti con-
fiiied with two bracelets. Lung veil of lace or patent net
tMist•:d round the hest, the ends falling on each Aide. • A gild
comb on the top of the head. Bear muff:
GENERAL OBSERVATIONS.—'rhe prevaiting'cotOurs are
puce, coquelient, go-mia, and amber. "'dices of velvet, or ker-
reymvrc, are univ,rsel. Dresses are made very low in.the back,
and the lee which trims the bosom, insteaceof forming a frill,
is drawn up amis. as a tucker. The sleeves are made quate
rlain, or very full; the plain. owl consist of alternate stripes
of lace and mv.slut. Feathers are gs.m.:rally worn, chiefly 0.-
triclt• Beaver hats and bonnets have, fat the ptesent„ super-
, seded those of velvet.
