BULLION.

.L. s. d.
Pn-tulµl Gold in coin 0 0 0
Foreign Goid in bars 17 6
N.w Doubloons 0 0 0
New Dollars U 4 9.1
Silver in bars 0 4 114

MAII.B.
Anatezp—l French, 1 Flanders, and 1 Holland.
DUE-1 Malta, 1 Gottenhurah, I Lisbon, 1 11r..zils, and
1 Hamburg*.

Mhe Zritigh Wog.

The CsITISH Peens commenced publishing yucterilay mamba
at live o'clock.

LONDON, SATURDAY, JANUARY SR, 1924.

Wednesday's Paris Papers reached us last night. The
wretched Ferdinand (with insurrection, foreign bayonet",
and destitution all around him) is manifesting the fullness
of his power by issuing successive decrees, like one after a
long fast who thinks he can never give sufficient indulgence
to his appetite. The needy despot is crowding mandate
on mandate, and sent forth, on the 10th, another decree.''
This document gravely commences, by stating that the'
happiness of his people, to which the gift y of his crown
is inseparably united, has always been the object of
desires ; and he has now adopted the firm resolution to
etnploy the most efficacious means to ensure it, and remedy
the heavy evils, sprung from many different causes, which
oppress Spain ; and secure, for the future, those great re-
sults, that can be only acquired by a constant and enlight-
ened zeal. While the power and glory (he adds) of other
Monarchs are secured by the wealth derived from com-
merce, arts, and manufactures, Spain, naturally fertile
:Ind happily situate for ccmmerce with all nations, ought
to be more independent and more thickly inhabited, if the
happy dispositions and fertile imaginations of its inhabi-
tants did not meet obstacles which paralyze its activity,
and render all their efforts useless. After this great 4-
covert Perdiatactdasiares, that, to remedy 411 these mis-

fertanes, be dedicates his solicitudes to so desirable an
end, and is determined to I catore Spain to prosperity. He has
resolved not to restore its Constitution or liberties, or to heal
isi domestic wounds by an amnesty and measure, of concili-
ation; but to create an all-wise junta, composed of Spanish
sages, distinguished for their knowledge and acquirements.
This Junta, over which D. Juan Perez Villamil is to
preside, is to restore by its magic influence all the departed
prosperity of Spain ; to search all the laws and institu-
tions of the kingdom, and to report to Ferdinand, the
Solomon of Castile, those means which can restore to
prosperity the manufactures and produce of pain, and
bring back its trade and navigation. This Junta is to
examine, also, whether it will be useful to re-establish the
general Junta of commerce, halloo?, and the mines; that
is, to establish supervisors for what bare long ceased to
exist, Spain having lost her liberties, her colonies, her
mines, and her commerce almost altogether. 'l'hia is the
legislation of the wretched tyrant, now at the head of the
Spanish Government, whose perfidy and imbecility have de-
stroyed that hapless country, and who imagines he can re-
store either, by measures of this description. While we stern
Europe is clouded by a tyranny of this sort, light is break-
ing forth in the East, and each day growingalcarer and
stronger. The destir.iee of Greece, and her liberties, will
soon be beyond the fell barbarian's power. Accounts frem
Preveu to the 23d of December state, that Moustai
obliged to raise the siege of Missolonghi, was in full retreat
on Janina, having completely failed in all Madness during
the past campaign. Omer Brione, it appears, aware of the
intention of the Pacha to decapitate him, as the reward of
his campaign in Etolia last year, and the defection of his
Paiikars in May last. and finding himself closely beset in
Acarnania, when taking up his winter quarters, saw
ro hopes of safety but in treating with the Greeks ; ac-
cordingly, after securing from them the strongest personal
guarantees, the Mussulman joined Maurocordato, at Mimeo-
longbi, with his followers and treasures, declaring that his
family having been originally Christian, be was determin-
ed t 6 Survive or perish in the vadat of the Greeks: nut
the last descendant of Paleologus (this account adds), Omer
Hrione, who had acted so distinguished a part during the
commotion. in Egypt, in Epirus, Thessaly, Attica, and Eto-
lia, has at length become a suppliant at the hearths of the
Greeks. On the intelligence of the Paeha's defection, what
remained of his followers in Epirus, fled instantly to the
mountain-, of Nlusachi, and a general revolt of the Albanians
was looked for. Moustai Paella was expected to pay, with
his head, for the disasters of the campaign. The dynasty
and cmp ire if Othman is now trembling to its foundations,
and will experience the same fate as the Roman Empire
its followers overturned. Four centuries since, M ahomet 11.
,entered Constantinople, at the head of his Janissaries,
in triumph, and turned the Great Church of St. Sophia
into a whitened mosque. Yet a few years, and the
lemon will no longer call to prayer from its minarets.
Greece, once free, its people will press the Ottoman to the
very gates of his capital, and carry terror to the recesses of
the crowded Seraglio.

Hamhurgh papers to the 17th contain the new pro-
scriptive tariff of the Russian Autocrat. esidently levelled
at our commerce. Tbis is the grateful return made to this
country for all its monstrous subsidies, and its late loans.
This Decree raises the duties on some article* near fifty,
and on others more than twenty-live per cent.; the in-
crease in some instances amounts, in fart, to a prohibition.
The duty on porter by the hogshead is increased ten si!ver
than twenty shillings) ; the duty ou our

West Indian produce, Rom, is raised twenty-fire per cent.
Raw Sugars are to pay a silver ruble per pood in addition ;
Coffee, two rubles. A number of other articles in the
same proportion, as follows
Cocoa, one ruble, :50 copecs ; Pepper, one ruble, 50 copees; Pi-
mento, (linger, Cassia, one ruble; Sago, two rubles; Rice, 25
eopecs Leaf Tobacco, three rubles; Cloves and Nutmegs, five
rubles; Olive I 111, 50 copecs ; Twist, one ruble; Porter, 10 rubles
per lingshead ; Rum, 25 per cent. ; Wines (except Austrian and
Greek), five rubles per hogshead; and Almonds, 110 corm per
1,00 d•
Any joss our commerce may sustain by this new proscrip-
tion of the gratefill Alexander, will be more than compen-
sated by our intercourse with Greece, should its people
(as there can now be little doubt) establish their liberties.
Russia will soffit infinitely more than our merchants by
this oppressive system ; it will reduce the demand for her
produce, and lessen considerably the revenues of her
nobles, who derive their resources from such a commerce.
In proportion as Russia diminishes her demand for our
produce and merchandise, her own exportation will be
lessened, and her revenue curtailed : she is yet, with her
vast dominions, semi-barbarous, and incapable of supply-
ing, from domestic sources, those articles of luxury and
manufacture proscribed by the Autocrat's tariff. The
preamble to the I)ecree states its purpose to be, " to di-
" minish the importation and consumption of certain
" foreign articles, tending principally to the encourage-
" meat of luxury and the prejediee of Russian industry."
But where wealth eidsts, luxury will follow. The Rus-
sian Court was long the most luxurious sod depraved in
Europe ; and this Decree, therefore, will not exclude these
aftieles ; they will be smuggled into the Autoneat's domi-
nions, and the trade in them be contraband. We know
the dissimulatiadenid falsehood of the Russian character—
how prompt it is at invention, and how prone to shifts and
falsehood ; and this Decree will only be a new incentive to
the exertions of the Russian dealers and merchants : but
it unmasks more strongly the amicable feelings of Alex-
antler towards this country, and is impotent in its effects
to any amount against our commerce, new outlets to
which, in the east and west, are now each day rising up,
Ind presenting unbounded sources of speculation and in-
dustry to our manufacturets and merchants.

Jamaica Papers to the 23d of November, which we re-
c^ived yesterday, bring the proceedings of the House of
Assembly down to that period. Violent alarm was still
exhibited on the subject of the measures recommended
from this country, to ameliorate the condition of the slave
population.
A memorial to the King was prepares!, and
while read by the Clerk in the House of Assembly, the
deepest attention prevailed, and there was general silence
both in and outside the bar. The Consolidated Slave
Bill was read a second time in the House of Assembly
on the 21st, and ordered to be committed. Little amelio-
ration would be given by its enactments to the slave popu-
lation. One clause in it protects the slaves, on Alondays,.
from being levied on by the Marshal; and directs all shops
to be shut, and prohibits the erection of booths, on Sundays,
under a penalty of fifty pounds for the first offence, and
inTrisoninent for the second ; supervisors of workhoules
are restricted from'giving more than ten lashes to negrsos,
except with the authority of a Magistrate; and penalties
arc inflicted on persons purchasing clothing from negroes.
It does not appeat that any clause was introduced in ac-
cordance with Lord flathurst's letter of the 24th of May,
recommending " an absolute prohibition to inflict the
6 punishment of flogging, under any circumstances, upait'
" female slares"—a regulation, we conceive; equally neeelh
sery and hseann► ilia letter also recommended the maim'.
tion of the barbarous practice " of driving slaves to the
" work by the sound of the whip, and of the arbitrary in-
" diction of it by the driver, as a stimulus to labour."
We certainly do think these regulations ought to have been
adopted, and the present condition of the negro ameliorated
fairly, in every possible way. There is a wide difference be-
tween humane and even politic regulations such as these, and
the rash and dangerous measures of some of the abolitionists.
The negro must feel the debasement of belt% driven like a
beast of burden to labour ; and the punishment of female
slaves is a gross and cruel outrage on decency. If the
slaves determine on resistance, the cart-whip can avail
little against them ; it may torture and rouse the feelings
tato action, but it will not subsequently put down incur-
, rection ; the negroes will not, like the Roman slaves, fly
from the sound of their fetters ; impolitic cruelty must in-
fl sine, and cannot afterwanla controul them. We regret
to see a different feeling prevailing in the House of Assem-
bly, and little disposition, apparently, in its members, to
lend themselves to any real measures of amelioration. The
suggestions of the Colonial Minister, and the proceed-
ings in Parliament, appear to roduce no correspond..
ing feeling in the island Legislatures ; but to have
been received, on the contrary, with marked hostility and
alarm. A resolution, on the motion of Mr. Grigncn, was
carried in the House of Assembly, " that a Committee be
" appointed to inquire into and report to the House
" what, steps are necessary to be taken in consequence of
" information received from the agent of this Island of the
" proceedings adopted by the House of Commons and his
" Majesty's 111 Misters, in respect to slavery in the British
" Colonies ;" and the appeal to the King followed. We
, do not think that any of the proceedings, either in Perlis-
trent or from Government, have been of a nature to rouse
this alarm and appeal. The wild and fanatic plans of the
wesleyan Missionaries and the .nost ignorant of the
heated Abolitionists were of a different deieription, and
well calculated to alarm the worst fears of the ‘Vest In-
dians. A Petition was presented, on the 18th of Novcm-,
the House of Asoesnlay, which, from its character
and language, was infinitely more calculated to create
alarm : it came from the free people of colour in the Islands
and was couched in the very strongest language. It states,
" They groan under deprivations of a nature the most dis-
, " couraging." The Petition contains a lengthened array
of the disabilities and restraints now imposed upon them ;
it closes by strongly praying relief, and that they may be
permitted to sit as jurors on negroes, and have power
to vote on the election of members to the Assembly.
This petition was read and laid on the table. It is
Clear the *Motion of the negroes throughout the sugar
Wan& cannot remain what it now is: there must be
some change ; the more calmly and moderately that is
made, the better for negro and proprietor too. We attach
the idea of little good to Lord Ilathuret's Episcopal
Church establishment in the West Indies, except to im-
pose new burdens on the islands. Such an importation
would have little effect ; a few simile and practical benefits
worjd be far better. The question cannot be set at rest
by any intemperate hostility of the island legislators; it
would be infinitely more prudent in them to try and
moderate any measures proposed, than to hasten a crisis,
by opposing .any amelioration altogether, and denouncing
these humane and necessary measures as ruinous to their
interests asad thole of the Colonies in general.

The Mexican Loan is M be issued on Monday. Sales
were made• yesterday morning at 1 ^ per cent. premium.
The N.. w Mexican NI ine Shares hare been in demand at
from 10 to 10 p.:l cent. proniutn.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

The lion. and Rev. Mr. Rice has arrived at itirkham's Hotel,
Lower Brook-street, from Gloucestershire.
The lion. Mr. and Mrs. Agar Ellis have arrived at their house
in Spring-gardens, from the Earl of Essex's seat, Caahiobury Park,
Herts.

The Marquis and Marchioness of Chohnondeley are expected in
town this day, from Hastings, Sussex.
The Marquis and Marchioness of banulown and family'are ex-
pected in town, on Friday next, from their seat, Buwood Park,
The Earl, Countess, and Lady Jane Coventry have arrived at
their residence, Piccadilly, from their scat, Crane, Worcestershire.
The Earl of Besborough left town yesterday, foe Brighton.
fieneral Powlett has left town, for his seat near Reading.
Mr. and Mn. George Acker" left Warren's Hotel, Regent-
street, yesterday, for Bnghton.
Hon. W. Vane Powlett has left town, foe his seat, Somerby, near
Mellon Mowbray, Leicestershire.
Lord Henry Bentinck left town yesterday, for Oxford.
Lord Folkston left town on Thursday, for Hastings, Sussex;
her Ladyship is exported to follow on Monday next.
The Rev. A. Orey has arrived at his house in Charles-street,
Berkeley-square, from Lord Forester's seat, Willie Park, Salop.
l'iscountess and the Hon. Miss Allen have arrived at Aileen's
Hotel, Lower Brook-street, from Tunbridge Wells.
Arrivals at Read's Hotel, bower Grosvenor-street :—W. H.
Cnwin, Esq. from his scat, Asington Hall, Suffolk ; Captain
('live, from a tour ; and John Maddock', Esq. from his seat in
Wales.

PARIS.

EFROK ♦ CORRLSPONDENT.J
PARIR, J♦N. 20.

The weather here has been intensely cold, but the ther-
mometer is now rising, and the frost has disappeared.
There is very little news stirring at present. Bankruptcies,
however, tare sadly prevalent, and in every street there are
sales of insolvents effects by auction, and notices of asks
under prime cost. This is a melancholy state of things.
In affairs of politics the Court observe great secresy " Ott
se parlejanwia re: nw Rni." And his Majesty,
- in balk as hufe
As whom ate fastsoossrue. i monstrous sire,"
ores not to have his benw wrinkled, or his diges-
dip disturbed by any etails of the present position of the
luropean Powers, or by any discussions which lead to
serious and unggefactory predictions. The best Cabinet
Council is that which regulates the important arrangements
of the saile-a-manger.

PAAIS, JAN. 19.

A case of great injustice has been lately felt in a family
eif my acquaintance in Paris. A young man of respectable
family was on the point of marrying a lady to whom he
had long paid his attentions. l'rior to establishing him-
self he engaged as first clerk in a mercantile house here, 1
which lately failed, and the merchant absconded; the first I
clerk was denounced to the Procurcur de Hoi as being a
partner, though he bad been but three months in the house.
He was arrested, and has been nearly three months con-
tined in La Force among the condemned criminals; and, I
though his innocence has been ascertained more than a
month since, he is still kept a prisoner, till, as a matter of
form, some letters from correspondents at Marseilles, Am-
demo, and other distant places are received, certifying that
they never considered him as one of the principals in the,
house that failed. Thus, in France, if a man's politics are
obnoxious, he may be criminated in his mercantile con-
oerns, denounced by an unknown accuser, imprisoned for
months among felons in the most horrid prison in Europe ; I
and when his honour and integrity hWe stood the test of
'the severest scrutiny, he is enlarged without any redress,
because the injustice has originated in the absolute power
of I public officer. Had he been arrested by a private in-
dividual, the heaviest damages would have been awarded
to hirn'in an action at law.

What the Perna call true fence pluisroite, took place the
other ilay in Paris. It is the case here, that all kinds of
meta, poultry, &c. pay a duty (ociro4) on passing the
barriers into town. A tradesman having taken his " better
half" into the country, to spend the Sunday, bought a pig
of a fanner of his acquaintance, and then proposed a wager
with his friend, to the amount of the purchase, that he
would pass his pig into Paris without paying the duty.
Knowing the strictness with which the officers search every
cabriolet arriving from the country, his friend readily sc.-
eepted the bet. The pig being killed and wrapped up in a
Idtuet, a white handkerchief round its head, and over the

latole. thrown a large mantle, the driver of the cabriolet
`porirrized of the joke, the 'husband, wife, and pig,
fitelliwriees atirdherr mounts the step, and
'ff Mete is any tb to !leave subject to a duty.
"Afafirli, nes ! " replies the wife, who pointing to the pig,
which lay across her husband's knees, lamented the con-
dition other child, ill of a fever, nose n'aroas rien avec nous
' que notre malheuresse elfunt, qui a lafierre chuude." At
the terns furore chaude, the officer sprung from the cabri-
olet, and wishing the speedy cure of la paurre petite, bid
the driver pass on ; which he did not fail to do, at a brisk
trot, joining heartily in the laugh of his passengers, at the
success of their deceiving a custom-house officer.
A Frenchmen of the name of Laniard, is at this mo-
ment busily engaged, in conjunction with the best geo-
graphers in Paris, in completing his iovention of a Geora-
ma, which he is erecting at an immense expense, on the
Boulevards ftalien, in a garden, at the back of the Caffe de
la Paix. The Georama is to consist of a globe of forty
feet diameter, in the Mei& of which will be represented a
complete map of the world, describing, on an exact scale,
the extent of every country, sea, river, and mountain in
the atlas' as well as the site of all the high roads, capitals,
principal towns, and remarkable villages in the known
world, giving at one view the ainuosities of the routes of
armies, public vehicles from one town to another, through-
out Europe, &c. The poles will serve as a point dappesi
for circular stairs in the centre, from which the spectators
will have the facility of making their observations ; in a
room adjoining, will be established a cabinet de lecture for
French and foreign journals, and in another apartment
will be given lectures on geography. topography, &c.
i Should the undertaking succeed at Paris, Monsieur L.
tells me, he shall endeavour to establish a similar exhibi-
tion in London. lie expects to open his exhibition to the
public on the first of April next.
A Major C—, in the British service, was lately ar-
rested in Paris, on an unpaid bill of exchange, and incar-
cerated in M. Pelagic: his extreme chagrin was observed
from the moment of his entry ; in a few days he died. On
opening the batty, his heart was found covered with cx-
travasated blood ; he was declared to have died of a broken-
heart : this circumstance is rendered the more remarkable,
from a person some months ago, who occupied the same
corner of the room, and the came bed, being found dead
I from a similar cause.

With regard to politics, there is much of irritable feeling.
The antipathy against tbg English is strong and undis-
guised. Our Government is considered as having com-
promised the liberties of guropc, and connived at the pro-
jects adopted by the Allied Sovereigns to hold the people in
the bonds of slavery and superstition. I woad to Heaven
the accusation were false; but I fear there is too much
truth in it. The Parisians speak, not "tout bus," but
with unrestrained indignation, of our having done every
thing short of making an absolute military alliance with
the members of the Holy League, whom, they say, we
shall shortly turn round upon, if it suits our purpose, and
denounce as the common enemies of Europe I For my
part I pretend to no philosophic information upon these
matters. There is more truth, however, in their observa-
tions than I have the means of refuting ; and I therefore
retire from these political discussions, to relax my chagrin
in the gaieties of the Comic Optra.

Mr. Secretary Canning will entertain a distinguished
party at dinner to-morrow, at Gloucester lAxig,e, Old
Brompton,
C. Greenwood, Esq. will have a grand dinner party on
Thursday next, at his house in Audley-square.
Viscount Granville, we are wiry to bear, is confined
with a tit of the gout.
The I hike of Athol is now residing at Castle Mona.
The I hike of Buckingham and Chandos is about to dis-
pose of his estates called I)oddington, Liistock, ike. in this
county. 'rids property consists of several very fine farms,
is of between two and three thousand a year rental, ■nd
stretches along a considerable part of the British Channel.
The whole will be sold, we believe, in lots. The copper
mine at Stowev, upon which so much has been expended,
but which has been recently abandoned in hopelessness by
the adventurers, has been let by his Grace to Messrs.
Cairsie and Co. of Cornwall, for a term of 23 years, with a
reservation of one-tenth, as dues or rent.-7'aunfim
The tragedy of Coins Gracchus was produced on Monday
last at the Dublin Theatre, and well received. Mr.
Macready played the part of Cu/«a.

FOREIGN• INTELLIGENCE.
FRENCH PAPERS.

IVe received last night, by express, the French Papers
of Wednesday, from which the following are extracts :
(From the Matelot.. of Wednesday, Jan. 21.1
Manful), J•rr. ii.
The Restourador of the 7th contains an article, dated Corunna,
December 31, which 'tar—
" We think we have at length a remedy for all our evils in the
new Captain-General, whom his Majesty has been pleased to send
us. Ile made his entry the day before yesterday, and was received
with the military honours due to him. He arrived in his carriage,
accompanied only by the French General, who went to meet him,
followed by the carriages of the municipality, &c. The French
troops lined the way as he passed, and their General gave a splen-
did dinner, at which the Captain-General, Conterus, and the other
authorities, were present.
" Nothing has yet transpired respecting the measures which his
Excellency will take ; but we do not doubt that they will be very
energetic, and such as the state of the province imperiously re.
quires. We are certain that lie knows very well how to separate
the tares from the wheat."

BARCELONA, J. 7.
The Mnnicipality has published a long decree for the preserra.
tiou of the public tranquillity, in consequence of an attempt to
create a disturbance, on the 4th, by insulting an officer of his Ma.
jesty's armies.
[From the Constitntionmck)
MADRID, JAN. 8.

...........,
ft has been said that the superindant of police, M. Arjona, had
taken measures to prevent the assemblages at the Convent of St.
Francis; but it now appears that he has done nothing, and the
Apostolic Committee nolds its sittings there usual. The Father
('stile, 1). Victor, the Old Eguya, Metallorida. and Calderon, are
the most constant in their attendance : it is even said that King
Ferdinand is sometimes there ineog. They pride themselves
much with the amnesty, and it is there they have planned the delay
iof its promulgation. More than once, the King has taken his pen
in the Councilor Ministers to sign it ; but the influence of the Privy
Council, and of the I:ommitte of St. Francis, has hitherto paralysed
this good intention. The uneasiness is general, as there are few fa-
milies who have not an interest more or km in having decided the fate
of so many individuals proscribed who languish in prison, or on
foreign shore. There are, however, some individuals less inlistu-
&tett, who endeavour to disabuse the King ; they represent that
the anarchy which desolates Spain cannot last long without pro-
ducing a new catastrophe, and they wish to perstnule him to esta-
blish a form of Government which may conciliate all interests; but
it is then that all the irresolution appears. How, in fact, can the
interests of the secular clergy and the monks be rendered com-
patible whit those of commerce and agriculture? We may fur a
moment renounce the establishment of the Inquisition, which is
but a spiritual interest ; but temporal interests cannot be sacrificed
with such facility ; and it is only by those sacrifices that results can
be come at. The propositions for the guarantee of a loan have been'
received with coolness, it is said, by the Committee of St. Francis.'
They speak of what happened in the war of independence, and
since ; they show how the revenues have been diminiCied these
last fifteen years. However, all hope is not lost; and guarantees
for a loan of fifty millions are sken of : but what can be done
with so inconsiderable a sum, in midst of the wants which sur-
round us upon all sides. It is circulated abroad, that everything is
settled • that the amnesty will shortly appear, with a plan of gr.
neral reform ; and tint our treasury will be filled, thanks to the ef-
forts of the clergy, and to the gold of Peru. Upon this latter point,
a specious objection is started against those who pretend that
France will not assist us in causing the submission of the colonies,
in consequence of the übstaeles which England will interpose.
" See (exclaim our politicians) what the English have done to pre.
vent the last invasion by the French." There has been certainly
much noise in the journals styling themselves ministerial ; some
phrases extremely sonorous in Parliament--and that is all.
And what is England doing now? Nothing; unless we are
to speak of the raising of • few regiments, rendered ne.
cessary by the movements in her Colonies. As to France, if she'
do not oa-operate directly with us, she has given to the corn.
manners of her stations instructions which authorise them to favour,
by every means in their power. the Spanish Royalists. Her vessels
have three months since carried to America the despatches andl
new agents of our government. Reflecting persons do not suffer
themselves to be led away by fine words. They would perhaps ad-
mit the possibility of recovering a kind of patronage of 31 exico and
Peru, by means of wise concessions, supported by the develope.
ment of imposing forces ; but in the present state of things they
consider this measure to be mast impolitic, and one which would
destroy all hope. As to Columbia, we must speak no more of it;
' whatever happens, this rich territory is lost to us for ever. If we
cast our eyes upon the situation of the entire Peninsula, nothing
can be more deplorable. The prisons are crowded, the treasury is
empty, and the highways infested with robbers.
A letter from Ceuta, of December 30, contains as follows :
" The same spirit which existed in this city before the return of
the King is still in being; the triune assemblages take place. The
Governor says he can do nothing without superior meters. Mee_
logs of the Freemasons and Clubs are held; individuals have even
the effrontery to appear clothed in the uniform of the militia ; this
we consider as a direct insult to the cause of the King.
PERPIGNAN' JAN. 13.
The second Council of War has condemned to death two soldiers
for having carried arms against France.
The different bands of royalists which proceeded to Abisbal to
disarm the royalist militia returned upon the Ist of January. The
doors * all the houses were closetrand Wen 'the Magistrates had
concealed themselves. However, the distribution of a little money
had the effect of making them leave Abisbal. The same bands re.
paired to Vergcsle upon the holiday of the patron saint of the com-
mune, and set fire to the house in which some persons were danc-
ing; the tire was not extinguished on the next day. Whilat in the
country monks and priests inflame the population to the commission
of excesses, condemned alike by reason, by true religion, and sound
policy. The inhabitants of Barcelona pursue a different course ;
upon the tumultuous day of the 4th, the population of this great
city opposed the departure of the procession. All these events
prove that the most complete anarchy reigns in this province, and
that those to whom the King has entrusted the reins of Government
are not decided upon the system which this east monarchy ought to
adopt. Whatever the Government of the country may be, it should
be always committed to strong, just, and dexterous hands; it
would then be easy to unite all the citizens, whatever were their
opinions—for they would all have a moral guarantee, and they would
know that their lives and properties would be respected.
I From the Joni nu( der Debar.)
PREVESA, Ore. 23.

The destinies of Turkey are fulfilling themselves, and the cam-
paign which was to exterminate the Greeks has once more termi-
nated to their advantage.
Moustai Pacha, compelled to raise the siege of 3lissolongbi, is in
full retreat upon Janina, after having failed in the last attempt
which had been entrusted to him. It is known that the Turkish
Government had intended fur a long time to behead Omer Brionis
tor the bad success of his campaign an Etolia in the preceding year,
as well as for the revolt of the Schypetars, which took place in the
month of May last, and of which he is accused of being the
author. Omer Brionis, aware of these designs, escaped them by
keeping himself constantly in the midst of has Fortiticuiotn. He
never approached :Houma' Pacha nor his head-quarters except
in a respectable state of defence; but at length finding himself
almost cut ofr in Acarnania, where he was taking up his winter
quarters, he had no mode of safety except by treating with
the Greeks. After receiving from thou the strongest guarantees,
he repaired with his luggage and treasures to Alauroconlato, as
Atissolonghi, declaring that his ancestors had sprung from a
Christian family, and he wished to live and die in the midst of
the Greeks. Thus, the last descendant of the Palenlogists Omer
Brionis, who has played so important a part in the disturbance of
Egypt, in Epirus, in Theasaly, .Ittica, and Etolia, places himself
now a suppliant on the hearths of the Greeks. Upon this news.
the Turk*, who still remained in Epirus, betook themselves with
precipitation to the snountaits of filusache, and it is probable that
the Albanians will speedily detach themselves from the yoke of the
Sultan. It is even thought that 3loustai Pacha will atone with his
head for the miafortues of the campaign, which have been as
unjustly ascribed to him, as to all his predecessors who hare come in
contact with the Hellenists. The 1 arks are now but an interior
race in Greece and in Europe ; they will struggle, but they will
share the fate of the Roman lower Empire.
MADRID, JAN. 10.
ROYAL DECREE.
. . . .

" The prosperity of my people, to whose happiness the glory of
my crown is united, has ever been the object of my wishes ; and I
ardefeinfied to employ all the means in my power to obtain it, for
the purpose of remedying those serious evils which have aprunte
from different causes, and of. procuring, in future, there "rear ad-
vantages which can be acquired by a constant and an enlightened
zeal alone. At the present period, when the power and the glory
of Sovereigns partly depend upon the abundance which peace
brings with it, by means of commerce, of arts, and of manufac-
tures, Spain, naturally fertile, happily situated fur the purposes of
trade with all nations, would be most wealthy—would possess the
greatest advantages, ar.d a most numerous population. it the disr.
anion and temperament of her inhabitants did not interpose oh.
stacles which check her activity, and render useless her efforts.
Anxious to remove these obstacles, and to open every path
to public wealth, by applying all my thoughts to an oh.l
j.n-t so desirable and so important, I have resolved to create a
junta composed of persons zealous for the welfare of the
kingdom, and distinguished for their wisdom and intelligence.
This Junta, over which Juan Perez I'illamel shall preside, will
apply its attention to all the brar.clies of public wealth, to those
which furnish the aliment and shat material, to the arts which !_ ive
them employment, to the trade which will facilitate their peace.
lion, and will support anti increase their produce. This Junta will
examine all the ?listing laws and regulations, and will propose to
roe the most efficient means by which the produce of our territories
and our industry may be amplified and brought to perfection, by
which the progress of the arts, of navii,ation, and commerce, may
be accelerated. The Junta will also consider if it be necessary to
establish a General Jutaa of Trade, of Coin, and Alines. For the
purpose of aiding the judgment of the Junta which I have created,
1 authorise it to seek and obtain the uecessarz documents from all
Councils, authorities, At. . _

.4 caled by the royal band,
Palace, Jan. S.

ISALLASTLROS.

PARIS, JAN. 20.
ANNIVERSARY OF TILE 2IsT JANUARY.

The crime, to the fatal memory of which this day is consecrated,
affords a frightful lesson, whicli has not been lost upon the people.
They are now convinced to what an excess delirium and fury arc
capashle of leading men who become possessed of power, by to nut.
tuare elections, end under the influence of passio:is purely demo-
cratic. We are fond of cherishing the hope that up to the very
moment of the election", but a small number of Conventionalist"
had conceived that ,rtccrable tote which they gave three months

fafter, and which doomed to death a just and benevolent Monarch,
each successive year of whose reign was marked by benefits eon.
reefed upon his people. No; such a horrible delinquency could
not possibly he the result of premeditation. The majority of those
' who were guilty became so by their indolence and sloth ; by fol.
1 lowing the popithr movement to which they had allied themveiree;
and hurried to lengths which they could not foresee. Children of
a distracting faction, they were faithful to their -latent. Far, far
be the intennon of peeking an excuse for an act which can admit of
, none ; but we trace the bloodstained path which the guilt of a seal.
I bens origin condemned them to traverse. Escaped fmm the tem.
pest of the 10th of August, they yielded to the impulse which gave.
' them birth. They commenced their career with the frenzy of a
republic; they entk•ii by parricide—by the murder of all that was
virtuous and great—by the destruenim of every mono:pent of
France—by the ruin of religion—by the overwhelming of society_
and finally, they leagued themselves with a feeble Power, ohligni
in turn to submit to a military despotism, and to the ambition of
an usurper.
}:lectors of France! it is to your French hearts that these manner.
lions are addressed. let your royalist elections give some come.
lotion to the brothers to the august dsughter oldie martyr king,
to the Prince Victor and Pacificator, to the desolate widow, in
whose mind the memory of so many public afflict ions has only ag.
gravated the recollection of one wore recant &lid more persunil,
and who appears before vow, Isear'mg in her arms that child, the
depository of the hopes of the country, and the happiness of your
posterity.
Electors ! assemble to fulfil the most important of year civic du.
tics; he mindfol of Eon is XVI. • but be Arm mindful of the notice
intentions of his crown ; be mindful of yourselves.
AVe hear from Apt of the 16th January, as foFloers :
We arrive at the moment when these naval stations are to ha
relieved, and the vessels which were cruising along the coasts. of
Spain are to return ; by these means these stations will bestrengrh—
coed. We have had here in the early pert of the month, four fri—
gates, six corvette*. and two brig.. Scene of the frigates go is
Cadiz, and will bring back those efficere and soldiers whose time is.
expired. The others sail for Rio de Janeiro, to the Antilles, acdF
Cayenne.

khim
1 rubles (more
