GERMAN PAPERS.

VIENNA, DEC. 24.

The appointment of Count SuurnU to he Nigh

Chancellor and Minister of the Interior in the Em-
pire, being now announced in the Court Gazette,
all doubts are at an end, and the nation will pro-
bably soon see reason to be convinced that this
statement is highly worthy of the confidence of his
Majesty. His Majesty's choice seems to have been
dete►mined by the activity ;nnl energy which the
Count displayed in the discharge of his arduous
duties in the Adinioistration of the Kingdom of
Lombardy and Venice, by which he succeeded in
a short time in accustoming those provinces to the
Austrian system of Administration, without need-
ing any considerable alterations. It is said that
Count Bellegurde, hitherto Master of time [base-
hold to the Imperial Prince Ferdinand, will ac-
company the new Viceroy, Archduke Iluiaer, to

Letters from Trieste, of the Ifltit, state, that
great apprehensions were entertained reipeciing the
fate of two Danish vessels, the Si. Paul, Captain
Andreas Johansen, and the Nord /arum, Captain
Nicholas Hope, which sailed from Lisbon three
the ago, bound to Trieste, wish Colonial goods.
It was believed that these vessels had shared the
fate of the Danish brig the Menus ; and that they
have been plundered by the Birbary pirates, awl
the crews either carried into slavery, or murdered.
The Danish flag is treated in a perfectly hostile
Manlier by the Pirates in the Meditel tomcat'.

VIENNA, DEC. (29.

In consequence of the great changes in the in-
ternal Administration which hove Leon announced
by the Decree of the Emperor, published last
Wednesday, many others 1.1 equal importance are
spoken of in the Administration of the several
Provisoes. Coma Socassuldo, hitherto Governor
at Laibach, and in the kingdom of Illyria, is ap-
pointed President of the Government of Lombardy,
in the room of Count Suurau. The office of Gott
sensor of Laibach and Illyria is intended for Count
Issaghi (hitherto Master of the Household to the
Archduke Ruiner).
News was yesterday received from Trieste, that to
vessel sent by Mainlined Aly Paella, Governor of
Egypt, which was to convey to Alexandria various
articles of European luxury, particularly from the
Austrian States, has foundered in the Adriatic,
near Primo, on its voyage. (According to letters
from Italy, only two passengers, out of thirty-five
who, were. on hoard, perished in the waves.)—A mis-
fortune of another kind happened here last night,
to a vessel in the Dattufw, which was burnt, owing
to the carelessness of the eel w, as is supposed, by
smoking tobacco. It was laden with sugar, coffee,
rum, ice.

Las Cases and some other French exiles, among
whom is Felix lltsportes, have received permission
to come to the Austrian States, where they ore
however to remain under the strictest surveillance,
Koenigsgratz, in Bohemia, is stated to be assigned
to Las Cases for his residence.

M. %Verner, the celebrated author of the drama
of Luther," and many other work', who has been
dangerously ill, i. now recovering, and it is believed
he will be able to resume Ins functions and preach
during Lent. Our Prince Archbishop paid him
many visit* during his illness.

PROM TUE RHINE, DEC. 23.

There is very little doing this winter in the inn-
nufacturing towns on boils sides of the Itlaue.
Complaints are made of the situoll demand, and it
is certain no considerable orders are received any
where. Many families suffer by the dearness of
provisions and want oft niployment. A large num-
ber of workmen is without subsisteuce. The prices
of corn, which had fallen s:nee the end of Ottc-
ber, begin to rise again. They cannot indeorl, he
forced up nearly so high as last winter, hut, yet a
rise is expected to take place ou the Rhine in the
second half of the winter, and the speculators are
making large purchases. Alttch, hoar, ver, is hoped
from the free trade, unless the prolitbitnins should
be renewed which caused so much mischief in the
first six months of this year. It is certain that large
quantities of corn have Iwcii purchased in llullarid,
and much larger pinchusts proprweil.

It is said that Vaunt Berkhetm, the Baden Am-
bossador to the Diet, will Soon return to Ludt., in
order to conclude definitively the negounitioim that
have been currying on respecting the dem:m:4lon

of the frontiers between fisden ind 1: knife, as tlie
preliminary operations respecting the Rhine ■nd
the Islands in that river hare been terminated to
the satisfaction of Inith parties, and all the opera-
tions winch were to be performed, according to the
tenour of the provisional arrangements, ore now
ended.

FRANKFORT, JAN . 3.

Mr. Senator Smith, Minister from the Free
Cities, has laid before the Dirt several papers, by
which it appears, 'hat the toil levied ut Elsfletly
ought to hove been suppressed on the ht of Janu-
ary, 1813, but that, notwithstanding all the remon-
strances of the city of firemen, this toll has
continued to he levied fur these lint years, to
the prOfit of the Duke of Oldenburgh. Upon
his propood, which the Olde',burgh Alist4ter said
he should nut oppose, the Diet named a Commit-
tee of three Members to endeavour to make no
amicable arrangement between the city of Bremen
and the Duke of Oldenburgh, relative to the sup-
pression of the toil of Elsfleth, on the river Weser,
conformably to the l ills Article of the Federal
Act. Baron Arelin, Count Eyben, and Baron
Plessen, were the persons named for this purpose.
WEIMAR, DEC. '29.

The Conytoir d'lnelastrie has given i:otice to-
day, that the Opposition Paper will appear again
on the 2d of January.—(Journal de Frankfort,
Janua►y 5.)

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,

TUESDAY, JANUARY 13. ISIS.

The Paris Papers of the 9th instant arrived last
night. The age of State plots and conspiracies, it
seems, is not yet gone. A conspirscy has been re-
cently discovered in the Roman States, but has
been happily defeated. The malconteuts have been
dispersed, mod several of their chiefs have been put
to death. The following are extract':—

PARIS. JAN. D. _

The King has experienced a slight attack of
gout in his left hand, but it has not ioreveNted
from receiviug und transacting business kith
Ministers.

The projet of the law upon the Liherty of the
Press war yesterday referred in the Ch-milier of
Peers to a Select Committee of five Munrihrro.

A letter from Vienna, dated the with December,
say. The four commercial hou.•es of Frier,
Arnhein, Orymuller, and Steiner, who are charged
w►th remitting the money which we have received
from foreigner•, have announced to the Aulic
Chamber, that from the sth of next January they
will pay into the state coffers the . of fonr mil-
lions, there to remain at the disposal of the Muir-
ter of Flower."

The German Gazettes have revived the report,
that a kingdom of Armenia will he created, t‘ith
the consent of Russia, Turkey, and Per,in.
Five per Cent. Consols yesterday, al!: I.—nailk
Actions, 1,497.

ROME, DEC. 20.

The State Prisoners brought hither from Ro-
magna and the Marches a few weeks no, are still
in the Castle of St. Ange. Their plans have been
most revolutionary, bat they are men without im-
portance, and reduced to despair by their own dis-
order. Some sicked plans had been formed so far
back as the summer. It was intended to round
the tocsin, to take Macerate by force, and to as.
sessinate the friends of Government ; but these
plans were discovered early enough to enable the
Governor, M. Nembrisi, and the Commandant
of the Gensdarmerie, to obtain a reinforcement

of troops, to disperse the malcontents, and arrest
from forty to fifty of them. So►ne escaped,
and two of the Chiefs embarked ut Leghorn for
America. The conspiracy recently discovered is a
ramification of the (ember. It had its original
source in the Society of the Carton/rani, who are
spread through the Unman provinces. We hope
here that the persons arrested will be tried ac-
cording to the forms of regular justice, and not
by the inquisition, which claims the cognizance
of secret associations. The brigands leive been
defeated near Frosinone. Several of their Chiefs,
with the famous Calabresetto, have been killed,
and their heads publicly exposed.

I)ntch and Flanders Mails have arrived, with
Papers to the 9th instant.

We have received New York Pspers ta the 17th
of December, but there is very little interest in
them, the Boston Papers received on Saturday
having communicated the most interesting, points
in Congress to the gth, and there is nothing of a
later (lute relative to their proceedings.

Canada Popera to the ylt nit. mention that
public 'netting had been held at Quebec, to take
into consideration the proposed t:uty uu flintier
'inputted from North Aiuerica into England. A
Counnittte of tight (:entlemen had been appointed,
to ditto up a miniorial to t ii:%ernment against the

414

--faie...,,-

-

IMMOIOWNI

knPactiv., th•.t it %you'd be the mil) of the
British Colotihs of North Arnr.►ica.

We have revived a series of Calcutta If:a:dies.
down to the Huh of July inclusive. 'Duey contain
no additional intelligence with respect to the ape-
rations canna oil iu Ilie province of Cut tack.

A Boston Paper of the t2th December, notices a
nintotir the the Nliiiidter, Doti ONIS. had
,received • iiistructions from hi. Cool t to tender the
Florida. to the United States for 3iix millions of
and that Spain hail agree,l out of thid sum
to deduct the amount of spoliations made by her
on the property of American citizens. Such woo
the confidence placed iii this report, that the stocks
of the different Insurance Offiero, that loot Alrerrd
by the depredation of Spain, ro-e in one 04,23 pct.
iii value.

The unwillingness tnanifested by Spirit' to enter
into any explanation with the United States on the
rtibje Li of the outrages offirred to their commerce,
formed. -a piorninetit cause of complaint in the
PRESIDENV4 Message to Congretis ; but in the
mean time it hail been generally understood that
the ::€14111181611 31iniste1 ia lits possession certatn
sealed instructions from 'Madrid, which he was
not empitweted to Open mail after the Meeting *of
("ongress. These instructions were probably c•oudi-
tioual on the charaeter of the I'l:i:sines; r's Mooteige,
turd the reference it contained to the elisingenuons
delays of the Court of Spain, together atilt the re-
ettuiary embarrassments of that Power, might pos-
sibly have justified Don Os is in offering; the
Floridan for sale to the United States. The
Flo hide., from their situation, ate an acquisition of
the utmost importance to complete the Northern
Vtlion. In the hands of an enemy or a rival poWer
`they must detract cousiderably from the security.
and strength of the United Slates, must fetter
their commerce, and control their operations; but
even these disadvantages, fr,rtnirlabfe as they op-
pear, sink into- insignir unee when contrasted with
the itumense benefits w• eh the 'United States must
derive from the possessi fi. By continuing
their empire to the Cul
.of Mexico, the Florida.
secure to tl•em the absolute simuntuill of that sea,
and place Mexico and its commerce ander their di-
rect control ; they give increase of territory
where it is most useful for jeolitical and commercial
purposes; and, above ell, they free the Union from
all tag:prehension. of an enemy on their southern
frontier.
These consblerat ions must exonerate the Govern-
ment of the {Motel States, in their anxiety to ob-
tain the Florida., from the charge of a low and 4)-
4.'4ll:late attithoion ; hut as Spain could not be in-
sensible ut Ilie iiIIIIWIISY valve of the Florida. to the
Thited States, we* should be snrpristd were she to
sell them for the trilling stint of six millions of dot
Cara. Itidependent of the• political cosoltleratiung
that render the Floridas MI valuable, even their ex-
tent, population, and capacity for improvement,
would justify a higher prier. They extend about
six hundred tulle-s in length awl four Initiated in
breadth, awl are supposed to contain 38 nit:lions
of acres ; so that their political &mint ))))) and the
reversionary property of the soil, will be sold for
something inure than six dollars an acre. The
United States are particularly lottimate ih their
made of acquiring. and extending their territories, one
much less difficult, less expensive, and less revolting
to humanity, than that ideich has heretofore been
practised in the world. Conaaricial in their
they prosecute even their ambitious projects with
reference to the rules of arit'atietic ; they barter the
honour and glory of military acitievetnents for the
solid cert.:nay of territorial acquiiition, and suffer
the sword to rest in its scabbard, while gold accom-
plishes its purpose in silence, with greater ease,
ere tuinty, and celerity. By the Treaty of April 30,
1803, the United States purchased Louisiana from
the French Government for fifteen millions of dui-
-1.1r14, payable in fifteen years, at one million an-
nually, which, by estitnatieg the territory so ac-
quired at something more than 630 millions of
acres, was at the rate of about three-hallitettre
sit acre! This is the Louisiana debt mentioned by
tne PRFSIDFNT in his Alessage, which will be
wholly paid ill in the present year.

It has been rumoured, but we Liints not on what
authority, that the Court of 31arlird is under on►e
eiigngerhent to the British Caliiiiet to make the
first tender of sale to Great Britain, in case Spent
should find it convenient or necessary to dispose•of
the Flo, 'MA6 fora irteumar) consideration. From
the unfiatimato ottempt made the late war
ugaitist New °Orate.. ter prc.trine that a settlement
on the. Cull' of Mt xico wuulrl he extremely 4k—
enable to our Coveiriontio. and none could be
more favourable than the Flouting; it is, therefore,
probable, that the Cabinet would glatl:y embrace
the oppottruirty of uniting them to the British
Crown, notaiihrtatitliog the certainty that such a
pos.eission moist lie the fruitful tenure of future
with the United Strider.

The price of XV hest fell yeinestloy from 3.. to
per glom tf. Motley, on the contruty, 11.1% itt;vont:cti
from '2.. to 3,4

Ail 11. i Riper of Ihv j,t I)tcettibtr, ,titts
1111 i ++ 11+11,1 ily of aicricti 1 xtraor 1.1 Huffy Gazette,
of the- 14 e.l the I receding month, tiiiiet Oil the •27411
Ornelwr. ttl sere,' o'clock, a. to. CAI Don I's *
EISCO ORRANTI prisoner the Jebel A!I:4A,
with SS of his loiloweis, i:voe the final

........t.
.4.,..,..ik,v
rgitts *ttL ^...r,.,i(7:-'rM;; 1/ ,
--:".:Ii
-afrr:----'' ( Apfil-__...---f‘-.-.7..-1,..r1
01A I-) .' T.,- 1.,:n.• • • - . "i• ,;., a
