LIOUSE OF COMMONS, WEDXZSDAY, IlLtacit 10.

The Speaker took the Chair at four o'clock.
SALMON FISHERIES.
Mr. W. DUNDAS presented ayetition from the town of Edin.'
burgh respecting the salmon fisheries.—Laid on the table.
SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. W. presented two petitions from Norfolk against
the slave mte—Laid on the table.
Lewd J. RUSSELL presented petitions on the same subject
hem Gedmanchester, in the county of Somerset, and from Tanis.
tuck, in the county oeDevon.—Laul on the table.
. Mr. L. KECK presented a petition front Hinckley, in the
county of Leicester, against negro slavery.—Laid on the table.
Mr. BY N 0 presented a petition from Staines against the slave
soda—Laid on the table.
Mr. SYKES presented a petition from Beverley, in the county
of York, against the slave trade.—Laid on the table.
COAL DUTY.
Lend J. RU :SELL presented a petition from Tavistock against
the duties on coals.—Laid on the table.
EXCISE LICENCES.
Lord J. RUSSELL presented a petition from Tavistock against
Excise licences.—laid on the table.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from the innholdcrs
of the Isle of Ely against the Excise licences. He stated, that
these petitions were generally presented at so early a period of the
evening, that their importance was lest, as none of the Ministers
were hardly ever present. He said that he had live more petitions
on the same subject to present from parishes in the city of London,
but he should reserve them until a finer opportunity offered itself
2 4' their consideration.
The petition was then laid on the table.
BURNING OF WIDOWS IN THE EAST INDIES.
Lord J. ItI7SSEL I. presented a petition from Tavistock against
burring widows in the Este Indies—Laid on the table.
WINDOW TAX.
Me. HART DAVIS presented two petitions from Bristol
against the window tax.—Laid on the table.
COURT OF EXCHEQUER IN IRELAND.
Mr. 001.1.111 iliN brought in a Bill, amending a former Bill
regarding the equity side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.—
/Gut a lust tone.
ANNUAL. DUTIES BILL.
Mr. HERRIES nie4.ll the tint reading of the Annual Duties
Bill.
Col. DAVIES stated his intention of opposing this Bill on its
second reading.
The Bill was then rend a first time.
RIBBON WEAVERS.
Mr. ELLICE stated, that he had a petition to present from the
Ribbon Weavers of Coventry, relative to the importation of French
silks. He said that he had had this petition in his possession fue
some time pact, and his motive for presenting it now was to express'
his satisfaction at the liberal arrangements entered into by (Jo.
ems:sent with the dellettes from Coventry, all of whom had left
tow. that morning perfectly satisfied with the measures that were
proposed by Government, and they had gone off with the intention,
of setting to work immediately those artisans whom they had just,
discharged.—The petition was laid on the table.
FOUR PElt CENT. BILL.
The House resolved itself into a Committee on the Four per Cent.
Bill. The House resumed, and the Report was ordered to be re.
cement ott Friday.
INSURANCE OFFICES.
Mr. S. %WORTLEY moved for leave to bring in a Bill to en-
able Insurance Offees to maintain actions in the name of their
secretary.—Leave given.
POSTAGE RATES.
The House resolved itself into a Committee on the Postage Rates
Bill.
sir T. LET BR 1 DOE wished that some inquiry should be in-
sutured on a point which he considered of some importance. He
alluded to the practice of charging invoices as a double letter, if any
title besides the actual invoice was written in them. Ile could not
t.ndastand on what principle that was done, but he hoped the lion.
:were:eery (31r. 'ferries) would inquire into it.
Sit J. NEWPORT said thee another very serious evil existed in
levying the branch of the revenue : if a single sheet of paper bore
the handwriting of two different parties, it was liable to pay a

double peebio ; this, he was convinced, besides being I peat
hardship, in lieu of lea -using the postage rates, tended to injure'
them. This imposition operated with particular severity In Ire-
land, sod numerous complaints had been made on the subject, but
they had all been unattended to.
lift. (lOULBURN declared that this was the first time he had
heard of it; but we understood him to promise that an inquiry
should take place.
Mr. S. RICE thought the present a fit opportunity of complain-
ing of what every body must allow to be • great Injustice, viz, the
placing such very heavy rates of postage on letters going to Iteland.
They had to pay 50 per cent. more than letters going to Scotland,
even allowing for their transfer across the water, and he thought
this ought to be amended.
Mr. GOULBURN stated, that he believed the subject was then
under consideration. -

-.—. —.—......--
A conversation then took place between Sir J. NEWPORT, Mr.
HUTCHINSON, Mr. BERNAL, Mr. JOHN BMITH, Mr. HUME,
and Mr. 6 ._ . . . . .

--- ..... ---..—...
After which the House rammed, aria the report was ordered to
be received to-morrow.
