PRISONERS OF W,IR.

--ate -
The following is & true of au interesting
meansuni. Mimu transmitted the Transport
toWSiat, in reply to all applications now made by
If moult ttliceno, prisoners of war in Britain, for
ppospotia!lit Mak them to return to France, viz.*
.. Trweepart Office.
Ail—'lee Camnimieiriess -far His tif Mesa'', T
fterviee, and for the cal oat.treeted) of Primmer:47C,
lima received your lipre attic , , and is alum I
&tartest to enjeateh y oe,' thee it is the letenautelitte of
Si.N(a)ellys gagreranarut ai,! to aimw say mere Fee
te...
to dd. coontrite France, said the rowels
• shell webs sows ratan foe darner, pest wear
• bar, of ireado Mims .beady soot, is Moll epee Wei
cartel of esobram apse dis Ale principle. of was fur was,
and rack the task, orearillm to tic usual pion id aniseed
amain, mot as repeatedly pommel by Use Commieliai.
as whim* teliert.• I ems bases,, In acmcint yea,
that if tat ?Mach lietteesemal will mod Gime to dip Oilliall
• &Mat rat air id mod nook toile yew es' i, ; w
'a . y weedy to Me Campewieessa, lbw mew paw
arrival In beware, rich British peruser dell be reisssol, er-
iiserwillel),,tma recsnrt et sad. altars, be peso
tar wow
l ssib. so ' aileist tbira-eireimissees cleady paresim tbsit
year dtheeititre hest in amorely (min to your wit 44mvr
mom, ho olditit any apphotaelf re mg Wok prayer to
lathe se the suejvct, all at,...eanclot duly terwanied.
i . di it is probate that ciaes mhe y oul la salkiently so.
tiobot alit the Eighth _..does lathe.
this letter,- a trweisoin, it Me fremb, a gime so
. Wow Me hereof. I am, he.
(6040 Sy tbs Secretary.
____.....- ..t-__.,-____.,-,
The Landau mail coach, owing to the ',verity
of the weather, did not roach Bristol Osi Thursday
until revea o'clock in the ewning ; the bags, with
the letter*, were dispatched in a post-chaise, and
arrived shout four o'tdock.
As the toad coach from London to &teter was
going down Marl horoulh Hill, on 'Thursday eight.
the horses sunk in the sower, sod %Sore they could
be eetricateil, two of them pett.hed.
. Thursday night then. was one of the most tot-
oaetidout storms ever remembered at Beth, and we
'Tear that we shall hear of most disastrotis circum-
stance& The mail-coach could not priceed on its
iourney froin the force of the wind, the dating of
the show. and from trees blown down across the
road*. The mail, many hours after its usual time,
was brought re a thane.. We learn, that in the vil-
lage of Bath-Easton. ten large trees were rooted up
by the violence of the tempest. Several hinnies
were damaged, and a gentleman's house in the
neighliourhond was completely unroofed, a sheet of
Iciet, of full toOlb. weight, being carried to a
distant delis.
Them a now living at Beckley, in Stuart, a mai
called Wosur. otherwise Wtit.tast Beows, who
has rung the old year out and the new year in, for
filly-sir successive years. at Berkley Church. lie
' is not only a great lover of the above species of
iburch melody, but also a strict disciple of the roily
Irti 1
Saturday oe'nnight the bodies of two French
sailors were picked up on the beach near IVinchel-
se*, Su,sex, on a terribly mangled state, one of
them without a head. A few laaist•rs. aal ml'
watch. and a dagger, were found concealed in their
clothe,
On Wednesday last, Borderer Malcolm, for the
' murder of her natural child, was executed at the
West End of die Tolbooth, Edinhoogh, and her
hair given to the Professor of Anatomy, for dia-
rcuoil. pursuant to her sentence. She was to-
iisted in her devotions by the Bev. DAVID Dick-
ens, sm. one of the Miinster% of the city, and the
Bev...JAME% l'oareo t; a, Chaplain to the Teal Loath,
and appeared very penitent and resigned. So
feeble was she, that two men were obliira to sup-
port her at the place of niecution.
Oil 'KO' Asti a very melancholy acc.dent hap-
pened at Watictlelil —Too,youne .ne:s. Clerks to
:NI:. Lot.taato, of that* tl. re, were *rising out OA
bit.:::19%,.. lirnd as one of them u'ios de:io...ti.,g a loud.
ed :0.,:.ii in Co:. other's ess•ket, et uninttuustely
Wait on. and Ine i:O.itrut. ot;:e i al!ed in the fait
i•!. toe e'..;er. a 'u'. i, • 1i.% an. I.IP •Vtiicii h. •se
•es Limit ter:talc •.ilt* 4 :'..d. at) d bi. "%Int a.. . aal
f.,: en IA Irittilr'• at./ it,

..4

,/it ADDRESS
ADDRESS
To the 411141 liad rook qp et!wr in general,
•Ztseieet votowilt; of their brethren, of Zoar
reh, /Wig in ate City of Philadelphia, OX the
I.3t4.tity f Deatiitber, 1807.
J)e+at.r BaLovais--Aniong the many and great
blessings bestowed upon us as a people, who for
years haq groaned, even in the land of liberty,
under the galling yoke of bondage, we, with hula-
ble gratitude, consider the Iroduras and loving
kindness of our heavenly father, in having
lined his ear to ear fervent petitions, and oft'-re-
peated breathings for a tenainatioa of our nit,eries.
Long have we looked and earnestly expected when
the Providence of God should cause this grievous
evil to cease ; we rejoice that we have ant suited
in vain, for the Lord has espoused our cause, and
his put it into the hearts of our Lewidature to
regard our cries and to unite their gracious minds
in the exercise of their powers, to abolish the
wretched, inhuman practice of the importation of
slaves into the United States. •We therefore view
it as our indispensable duty to unite with our
African brethren, and humbly request them univer-
*ally to join to celebrate the first day of January
neg., ass the day of our Political Jubilee ; stud
appoiored Cmumittee of twelve men, who have
resolved that the day *hall be celebrated io
Ttwulis-
ti;iviug and Prayer ; that Divine Service shell cum-
, metier at half past ten o'clock in thedforenotvis, at
soar Church. and that the }ter. ,iefferilkula be
requested to deliver a sermon cintlie.eccasiost.
We be leave tb present our (Quilted brethren
with an extnict front a prayer that was penned in
the year 1790, by a black man, a art 'u the lower
p arts of Virginia ; it breathes the spirit citSisiterirsig
resignation, and seems prophetic of oar happy new
year's day.
When will Yehrorali hear our cries?
Vflum *Ma Mows for us stand,
And frre us al front Pharaoh's hand?
What tho our "Liu lie black as jet,
Our hair be eterd, oar noses flat,
Must we fortkijs no freeilenn have.
I ntil we find Mist the grave
V.l while I thus ray fate condole,
Jesus, toy Lord, roam my foal,
That when my slavery here shah end,
I way ascend to thee, my Friend !
Titoi here is none to plead my
Ilk Soul appeals to thy just Inns,
ho wilt lying all things to the Light,
I know thy Jottitmeata, Lord, am right
For all the comfort that I have
Whilst I am here contin'd a slave
Is that stave brie that I'm mar Free
By thy risk Moab sore abed fey me.
My sour is, free, it camel be sold,
For all the gold that can he told,
And when my body drops in dust,
My spirit is thy hand I trust
Awl tho' no cairn I may bare,
Dior vet be laid in any grave,
The lord shall watch it front the skies.
lilt the Great Trumpet bid it rise,
Contentment, Lord, as me bestow,
While 1 moans a alive below,
And o bile I sager Ostend wren,
May thy ealyeliee be way seri."
[Here follow the names of the Committee.]

M a neaterona wed reipeetable wagging ef the Afeiteleewser
their detwendants, ot the city ief New Yueb, leildthe eJ
day of Dee. tne7, at the African laud- Qii-streel,
for the purport, of taking into weesiderattoo, tksterefellty
or onliftrating the day on which the act perinert by tite?
Caw= ut the United MON fee tie *Wide' elf
Slave Mid* takes effect ; •
The following Resolutionu were adopted -
Resolved U ; naa.otously, That bating been the
unhappy victims of a trade which has deprived us
of our best and most valued enjoymeuts, and cos -
winced, as we are, of the uudeuiable priuciple, that
all men are bons free. we view the Abolition of this
traffic-m."O so abhorrent in its nature to every jug
and tender seutioicut"—witli inexprevniLdif
wtA-
faction.
Resolved Unanimously, That the day which ter-
minates the Slave Trade in this country ought to
be celebrated by us, in particular, with demonstra-
tions of gratitude awl thanksgiving.
Resolved Unanimously, That the tribute of our
earnest. gratitude is due to those Inca& of hu-
inanity who have interested themseb es in our fa-
vour, whose exertions. through Divine AseivitettCw,
have contributed, in uo small degree, so bring
about this happy event: and also to that Govern-
ment which Ins so Cordially and so honourably co-
operated with them in this cease, and .‘ availed it-
self of the fist practicable moment for attesting the
progress of this great moral acid political evil.'
Resolved Unanimously, That a Committee of
twelve persons be appointed for the purpose of
making suitable arrangements for carrying the
furegosng Resolutions into effect.
Resolved Unanimously, That this Committee
consist of the following persons, viz.—
Peter IS Miaow, Thomas Sipktert,
lease Fortune, Jobs Tatman.
Thomas Miller, Wilhite Hamilton,
Robert V Sltlbry, William Draws,
Prielewlaa Smith, Abrahams Denim.
JOHN TEASMAN, Chairmen. •
PETER WILLIAMS Jas. Secretary.

On 'Elaturrl.iy se'imight, Mr. fitineensits, a
Quarter-Master in the second Regiment of Dra-
goons, at Chichester barracks, in a fit of insanity,
cut his throat, and stabbed liirristlf in divers parts
of his bale. Surgical aid was immediate& pro-
ctored, and hopes were entertained of his recovery;
but he languished till Tuesday last, and then ex-
pired.
In 1800 a woman was living at licrthyr-Tydvill.
iu Wales, aged 94, who remembered when tnere
t.ere only 25 inhabitants iu the parish. la the
above year, a very intelligent Gentle:fiats took the
pains to arkertain the population of that place, and
found it to be 13,0ir0. This astonishing increase is
attributed to the extensive iron works established
there; an& an crowded was the place, that twelve
men and one woman 'titled in one apartment, of
twelve square feet, which served them
• " Fey psitsar, for 14kbas..Laciel a/1."

ar
The men worked in die mines. six by day, and six
by night--tbree beds served them all ; thus tho
room was constantly "wearied by ',even person.
Dr. Wst. Purr Morro.. surgeon of the Royal
South Lincoln Militia, has been reunited from that
regiment, by order of Kos Royal Highness the
('omusnota-ix-Coitr, in consequence of hi..
having 8(1dr-cored an anonymous letter to lls
Rot sr. Morass's, on the honourable acquittal of
Lieut.-Colonel 1111.01111 RAD, of that regiment, by
Court-MR*4, hist holden at Hrttie Barracks,

NA ni L

PORTsMOUTH, PPE. LG.
Arrived the fallowing outward-boatl ve,selg
Goat the Downs, viz. the Harriott, .
Champion, Mackie; Antelope, —;
Litsoa ; Kingston, Atkitmou ; Cyjriu.t, Smith ;
Doke of York, —1 iluthern, ; fired,
Pariah ; David Shaw, Burnett ; Trafalgar, Lowey;
and the Harmony, 11.ilaon ; the three tatter with
the to.o of tuichoss and cables.—W tad W.N.W.

FALMOUTH, FIX. 14.
his Majesty's ship .4 rophiuu, with the ficet for the
Milliterriiiieau, passed this port this day.-:.
Wind N.W.

ToIISAY, TM 15.
Arrived the Dispatch and Pettis brigs.. with #
Beet guider onivoy tbr Falmouth.—Wind*V.
PLYMOUTH, rig. • 15.

The Mediternmean convoy got out on tkitiurday
evening with a fair wind, protected by thitintphion,
36, Btoss,ea, 18, and lassdina brig, 16 guns.
Sailed Its Majesty's ship Snciets, 32 guns, Capt.
Apscutigh, and Daring gun-btig, Lieut. Hayti,
to the Laityard,

Arrii ed the Ilumber hired armed ship, with far
viirat °fliers and traders. In the oSng they parted
with a nett, bound west. Came in aho the Vito -9
it-ilti6.—Wind IV.W.
_ _

boar., ry.a. 16.

ArriveAl Illy Majesty's brigs Aliaz
fe,aa a cruise, iiklbst Dawns with toe
*bilis as Ix•r lust.—M. Ind N.. •

FftONI LLOYD'S LIST.

Ga If Fsr N Feta. tii.—Palaed by the Mar a, RI oar •ft out
Memel; Medway, Putts, Ghat Makin ; Igeisanto, turn.
bull, and the Mein), Butcher, (iota Copeohagesi. Swu.t nit
Adriatic, Graadiasa, fur the Brasil', sad the Sabato; hill-
teridge, for the Cape of Cued Hope. •

We are desired to contradict the report of the
death of 'the lion. Mrs. licwirr, St. James's-
square, which appeared iu the last Bath Pap.r.
It originated in the death of.a person of the swat
name, who resided in Marlborough-street, St.
iaou luare, in that city.
% edneaday sennight, as 3onN Svot now, Est..
of Colytoak Devon, was &icing from Seaton, the
horse took fright, and the carriage was overact; Iry
which accident Mrs. SAbIPSOK had her leg brcken
near the knee,which occasioned her death on Wed-
nesday ►ast.
Sir Josses Blanca, from various experiments,
• and the experience of many years, recommeutis a
general revival of the now almost obsolete pravt r
of laying straw sender strawberry plants, when
fruit begins to swell, by which seals the roots at=
shaded trom the sun, the waste of moisture hn eta.
pomtion prevented_ the leaning fruit kept fi.na
damage by rareisig on the ground, particularly la
wet weather, and much labour in catering sai eA.
Twenty ',cusses of long straw are sualeient for low
feet of plants.

At eight o'clock, on the night of Thurslay the
eth inst. Samos: t. Caavroh, from WoodhsuM in
the county of Northumberland, was attacked'
t*o footpads, about half a mile to the South
111iswelhet,4h, on the road leading from Kelso to
P/iodine and 111 °oder, and sobbed of an old bled
leather pocket-book, esahsioieg istik es Wilt
.csote4 among which were 15 notes of oh estelsi,
.meshy of the Plewanctle tanks; the rest *ere IL
Notes. The robbers were of.the middle size; one
of them wore a dart-eolopred long coat, the other
a dark-coloured jacket and trousers.

Yeibleedest--Gessaaa. fiert..e-Nethisy ai the Public

011 lac

P
AnvizTlit2l.l!E... 03f
7E1C41.
Ditto at S;gbt,. '4 I I

DM!, tteittiar 16

Rotterdisaie•E si II f IT.
II ,4.1.erg6.... 34 4 fr.
Attomi lllll
=ll, •••/.‘,•• •a 6 Lmr.
• 04 t• 43 10

weo. lllO
Opos tu be
Diabhu
Oak'

Arupdenum •2l re
Cadsz
14aArid 4l etective
Itabee ..... el

horn
Grows i 4511.k.F.C.
VelAiCt n. C s Da. Incr.

nG 1.1301.
Parini's% Gold in
(juin awl Basil 1. s.
per OA .
Dumblikens
NewVara
'Save? in Men
New Luna (week) • • •
.1;113 en the Bank of WAWA.
51 per Cent.

"JP;
1&n
BI
lApoja

iito
Dig
fedi 1
Weir

'the
V

Licrel

tall'

xtri
;am
I tati
LSce

"aerJ

....
. . . .
•
eata•ttrho,lllll)::sivl'Et''s,.:::l:
. cLoucE.srzn._ Fig. 13. • OXFORtne Flstel3. i 1 at OriDRESS NAVAL INTELLICEXCE.
........membr..... • ! I . --.....a... timalinsowls-
.7!!"-*th'ith".'""*.. t
About thee. o'clock on Solidity miming, :vat Oh,
,i, it everre reintiiii!fratilieY, A. Reece of et. Pptees, To the 461r4s *ld people tr. ro,•lar in general,
fiutrrtihveeduothwens,fevlilio.wtihmegimio:uarriaTtZrtdi:-,TbuoLuiFEw.vdeltiG•iii.,..la
puienced a dreadful temple/ of orgelleiapte*ipee, • w 41146461111.dnrkitt by tbe(4Fll6lllt the ft a seieet inswing of their brethren, of boar
' ennerim .
reh, /wild in lite City of Philadelphia, ors the
med lay a very heavy WI AP iiwitr, I drifted; .. idle iter . Fasten Ledo, et. A. sad Stalest in ..„, ji.....„kbeeinierr, 1807.
oOh such fitter, as to retake it eettetwore,. &ogees,. popopaity.ereeeehen (;‘,11,v, ail, g4,„11,,.,) itacheat. sad , zieusmiy. v
.. Champion, Mackie; Antelope, ; Doet,,,,eaa• •
olis for those totreliewl wirolmetl, • etioti.oil to its sis.„., Ductal' ia•Llivinity. The Rey. \Villain Jenkitia, of Oriel Littion ; Kiarton, Atkinson ; Cygne, Smith ;
lance. Tire road,' were ite iatinyettucer retrieved college ; the Hon. *diem Batechouro I.) gun, of Christ Ife "RIM Beeovao—Among the 'many and great Duke of York, —1 Anthem, —; inta4 -
almost juilmagaue ; wed thi:oimifio, tail &Limit eltureii% Kea. Hilliard Griffith, of Jesus College; Re'. blessings bestowed upon us as a people, who for Parish; Arvid Shaw, Burnett ; Trafalgar, Lewes,
X 6.
reach this city till two beam affer the Teruel liiiiro.---, STtnoel.l4l
clA4lo7liigaitaannailitlae7..c.los,egh
viß•atiiwli:aftetactirsorlum: *for ' years harp groaned, ever in the laud of :arty' and the Harmony, IVilliOn ; the three latter with
under the gallisig yoke of bondage, we, with nen-
-4..hi Saturday moneiag there was tualther•'fall of Loarem Culless, B. A. mere adoeitted Manors of Arts. tlx lose of authors and Gabler —W W.N.w.
ble gratitude, consider the ermines and loving
snow ; atisl the roads ewe in coesetinerice so i nee- Hewes. Iletuy woultereame•
•William Holes, and 'llioraes FALMOUTH, FS& 14
pletelyblocked up, that the med of tier day flit! Brien Pea Alb, :Ildf Oriel College ; lobo
dWAyiva Eytott and kindttena of our heavenly k ether, in havin in- ins Majesty's ship
.4,,,phi0,,, a... . •
ood Chooloo t hued hit ear to ear fervent petitions, and oft'-re- en theneet for the
0o; nowt:till a querter past woe reelnck m the Liue:t;7l9,liciiwete' i, 4hetit thearett" I. dw a' • •
" "Urgc ; and "`"" Sa'Ari" prated breathings for a terrainatioa of our nitscries. Mediterranean, parsed this port this dee.-e o'
creature eight hours he:
the customary thine.— f at, J•illi'd 4.. . etre adulated Haeltetute of Arts. Wind N.W. el
The eritattet impetinneat to the wail coach. that Yiaterday, "hi ev. Gweory Haywood, li. A. of Babel Long have we looked and earnestly expected when
the Providence of God should cause this grievous TORBAY, IfSS. 15. - eit
slamming, was between Nettictied avid Benson, it here. Colter, woo admit offl Mtialt4 of Arty, Woad CelOrWarbill •
, ~....11 asisprosatau• Laura pasterid the Great Seal to oak& ea , evil to cease ;we rejoice that we have not 'A uited Arrived the Dispatch and ?eller brigs.. with # iie e
they were five hours in trivelli* al not SS manyat 61
neette s kleseDee, Faeroe•chard, to Loki the Ilteetore orfleet wider eonvoy tbr Falutouth.—Wind W.
in vain, for the Lord has espoused our cause, and
toile,„ froiu the isatuanse drifts of allow they had to ,14.1„,„ee, iewbeeeee„ . - .port
hes pat it into the hearts of our Legislature to PLYMOUTH, tea. • 15. • Mat
Ilicon.iter. 'lite ea.:se:tee- ilent every avast twice ... , . mimisUere.•--
is eetricating the coach hook its frequent stop- .. .BLifEP. regard our cries and to unite their gracious inhale 1 The Mediterranean convoy got out Woo :Patina:ly if°
1 in the exercise of their powers, to abolish the evening vi;th afair wind, protected by thielbriphion, Dig
pima ; bat it was at one time en completely me wretehetl, inhuman practice of the importation of 36, Blirsem, 18, and Yealina brig, 16 sons. arth I
. gulphed, that they ores eldiged to erste the aid some veers ago, a learned Preterite In the Col-
slaves into the United States. •We therefore view Sailed his Majesty's ship Success, Si guns, Capt. artist
unin farmer's team to Arne it wit. lir pone rennet, lege of dlasgow made the following ex peri inenta on
it as our indispensable duty to unite with our Aysetnigh, and Daring giro-brig, Lieut. fitiyeg;
thovraverethey ournolettet their iverney, and mesh- lutwolf, with a view to ascertain how long it was ••:k ..
arc this cite at th, a'.‘‘.. hour, uolevat any serious powsible for the human frame to endure vigilance, African brethren, and humbly request them intiver- to the Lamour'. Aga
accident. Yesterday the I.ointun mail arrived or, in other words, how long be could exist midi- stilly to join to celebrate the first day of January , , Arritiel the flambee hired armed ship, with we
next, as the day of our Political Jubilee ; and 'wee .1 veral . olliers and traders. in the offing they parted thin
&bent half past four. out sleep. .•,.1 V
—. .- u.. --.0 The first nigl'.t, be walking in his room, turd by sippoioied a Committee of twelve mete who have with a Meet, bound west. Came in also the. Vita •• ,st
cALL Lt-0 NI IN tru.WF the assistance of Scottish Cephalic, he kept his eyes resolved dint the day *hall be celebrated ill Thaules- , graieltri...—Wind N.W. ee 'ow
-.elm—. The second giviug and Prayer; that Divine Service shell min- - boat., Fete 16. toe
opew without mach inconvenient:v.
metier at hell' past ten o'clock in thelbeenoivii, at Arrived Ilia Nlajesty's brigs Ali* moth Curd
At a with:a of th•• ( .orilorLet Hunt, held at Fortusee, night, be ordered his servant to *be particularlyer, alb'
11. iz., Eilitaboica, um Tuesday she gib cart. careful not to allow him to fall asleep, either in lits ?mar Church. and that the Rev. ,feffery'iteula be (emu a cruse, and teruaiti ie 40 Donna with tug
Premat,
Sic WILLIAM A t•l'S N INGHAM, in the Chair; armed chair re on the sopha sin either of which requested to deliver a sermon we chem.:m.loo. ships as per lust.—Nl Ind N.
• :.Ft
The Mamas •4 111110,,y COMMA Jew..., Blair „tom the stows tot had orders to awaken the expert- AVe beg leave tb present one Quited. brethren
The Earl of Dalhousie uteri Hayi FAR. 0f,.._
_BW" mentalist, by the operettens of shaking unit pulling with an extract from a prayee that was penned in FRO!! LLOYD'S LIST.
leere Belharto William weenie, nee- of him. • the year lee% ley a black man, a dime irethe lower Gass l''''t N", Veil' W.—Palled by the Maria, Slone,fi*,4
-Len. e whivettite Cuttlettill • Memel; Metta t'
~4y
Adriatic, Grandlen' I,utiefo:tfiliiewßruilid.lll7aritla "itbee:hei'sLi,'Gu:ll;l. tr• di
Vir.
• Ric J. Heron antel! George Ramsay, Emi of On the third night, he placed himself on a bottle, P arts of ..Virgilmia ;it brutal,' dw:lint cit Ailitetiall, . buil and the Henry, Butcher, from Copenhagen ‘• ii. t t
i: t hula Dough& Ilar.to.t which was laid sideways ou the tloor, with a Lriiiirli resignation, and seems prophetic oar happy new
tee Joee Hope M. Steil*" Nkboh•oo• Esq. a fune on each aide ;to the latent, that if he lost, year's day. teriege, ere the Cape of Cued Hope. • , t
Nr James Iliad of Certtork under the irresistible form of lorplietiti. his ba- tt When will Yeherralt hear nor cries? • f '.....:
e'er.
iteemis ciatemosii, En of Alexander. Renton. Esq. of When *Ala Mows for us stand,
lance, the prickles would rouse him up.We are desired to contradict the report of the .; th
Garthlaad M waitron Atid fire us all from Pharaoh's head?
decieuataltre,Ofirriceh
latipolpti%al%reldr‘inill'thweirrlaLt le
Alecando Holston, Eng. of : James hurling, Esq. of This experiment proving too weak against the , What this' our sikiss lie black as jet,
. ' La..kingtort Kele encroachments of the *tiding euemy, the I/hilt:no- Our hair be coda, oar anon Gat,
jam A. Thotwarth 145. of H. Haase, &S. Seeretre7; pher bade on the fourth oight, recourse to this !X- Must we for this no freedom have, It originated in the (fetal' of.a persist of the stoat ism
.. 0
Charkton prilient :—he Oared Itihntelf, as before, en the Ul3- refit we had ilk the grave '
l'et while I it
ray fate condole, Joa.:7,„c,:id::,,:teid.::::,,Derrese,,elid..unouendt.hig:hitusitic,itYlara,:s-r.i3roll7:7fro:Aanm"sersonton et
Lewd Maithisil and the Hon. Charles Elphiastottertendeg, tteich. bottle, and cause** tubs full of hot water Jesus, my Lurk pewees ray mai. air•
. ea
• metre sAmateel Menthe" °I. the Filet' in the "N"n " dm' to he pieced on each side. so that if he vibrated to That when my slavery here shalt end,
Earl siCtruwfaril awl Capts.ia Alemiadtr Grab, direasod.xtri
either side, one of hir anus, ,which he had previously 1 rue suseend to thee, my Pews) !
• - ---,---.--- Tito here is ROBS to plead my clone,ewer
horse toot fright, and the carriu-ge was overset• ; I, Pie
Teesdav night last, :es Mr. l'eattatra, of Ayls- bared, might fall into he hot water, the painful et, %out Reeves to thy Just La..., Y
i ham, a:itl Mr. COWMAN, of Yarmouth, were deny sensatieu of whiche he. expected, would resist the ei Iwo wih !env all things to the Light, which accident Mrs. SAI,IPSOtt had her leg breken eta
e.,
te
Mg towards ithatield. In re
igig, the horse ran away Pinrer alike"... •• • ' I kw* thy Joditmeete, Lord, are right near the knee,wkich occasioned her death on Wed-
ulmdSirilYJosiaten BANKS, from various experiment., ••es
. wee, them awn tieepieg • and att. rtnmETER This experiment failed, for it was found, that he For all the comfort that I have
fell fast asleep with one of his arms in the hot wa- Mast lam here co"itin'd a Stave • Ift
1. perasettiag
_great clanger, got out of the carriageis that strong bops that I'm made Free MI
betalld ; Mr. Collin is . entiotioned Iris scat, and ter, and the skin completely excoriated. Front By thy rieh Blood saes shed fee one. • and the experience of many years, recolunieu a
Illu.etjug a Mali au litieseback, near Blofield. which hence he concluded thatelie human body cannot me sour u free, 0 carnet be sold, general revival of the now almost obsolete practi, r
be must itievitablet hat e destroyed; -if,he had 'tot exist witheat sleep fear successive days and nights. For all the gold that tan he tact, of layiug. straw tinder strawberry plants, when tl.e.
i ceerted his enitearoum to save them. by... great row. And when nay body drops in Just, fruit begins to swell, by which mesas the mots ac ~ .tV
effort. he meted his horse suddenly, by Abell Mr. and Mrs. Wilton tit gave an elegant ball My spirit in the hand I trust ;
Gad tho' no entree I may have, shaded trim the suit, the waste of moisture te eta- ''''''.
i ''s
meals" flit aig WILY thrown be*, mud himorif one- 4e.d sapper, on Monday night last, at pllortlyett• Nor vet be kid in say crave, pemtion prevented, tlx leaning fruit kept " fief' i eta
damage try rtig on the ground, particularly is
siderahly Witt. but not deiteronsly. .a' to Imemeeroas circle of friends. The pleasure of The had shall ankle it freak doe skies,
TTewtewate;ithicuersses, "dot' mlouticglistiamber arreiasiella leiteernittlgtorialtemi°3. W. ,
'I ill the Greet Tempel bid it row,
At the ateetiug of the teefordsithe Aigricaltu thweerley, She variety and excellence of the repeat, okairS
eel triOnety. on) ends! 'last, it yes
.wwastipseals4 ' and the polite attention of the worthy host and his.
4 Contentment, Lord,. se me bestow,
While I remota a slave Delos, feet of plauts. . - • I
steered to publish a striae of memoir .of t amiable lady, detested the brilliant amemblage And elide I snake grief aid wrong,
°wee atiae alojt sal twig. frttita tie that ,eoenee, until the following inornimg was far adeaswed. May thy Salvalima his my *wig." At eight o'clock, on the night of Thursday the
which are now becoosiege extremely scarce, steel Monday last. being the birth day of Joni Alt- [Here follow the Dames of the Committee.] elle inst. Semen. CARL-eon, from Woodhull'', in
'driereptioas, by a Member of kie Society. ulna LLOYD, Esq. of Creeamere* [sett:mil son of the --.10.—_
the
county of Northumberland, was attacked' bY•
PlTAtte vinteuee of the wind, on last friday morn- late Vaasa" Lun% Evq. formerly M.P. for At s onnoseroes sad „sag
of the Afetemmeatt tito footpad* about half a wile Co the South ci, II
ing. "a seeiatitcy of the ltunuineollioreet. public- Montgomeryshire), when he attained the age of 21 (Yet* deteelidalas,resiir. 11, „ii, ...•
......, tie tie Miswelbeteth, on the road' lead:ng from Kelm to 1
ilos of Dee. 'see at the Afriesa school.
home. at Cie tap of St. Ailli's parish, in Lewes, years. the event was celebrated by his tenants and a • ' . ' einhast's°ll, lildlndsrin and Vk voter, and robbed of as old mad
or the purple. of taking tato adalitterotton, peopelat,-
was brown down, and fell, with an alarming crude a nueeerous company of friends o the tinnily, with of ealliftrating the day on add& tba eft rowed by tit heath pocket-book. centliionne• 1461. is bank
through the roof into the bar, but happily wawa ;• lam& joy and festivity. A numerous peptide:, were coignes of the United owes be tin &side' at ' 'sae% $1110,4; whirli .wera 15 bates 'of eL saelie, ,th
eer.onut injury to any one. The cluninies of two Unwise plentifully regaled on the happy occasion. sieve tails takes effect ; ~ . meetly of the Newcastle Ranks; the twit *ere IL
cottae•s contiguous, inhabited by sold:eta. shared Betreen tea audeleveu o'clockoos Saturday night The following Resolutions were adopted c— - Notes. The robbers were of,the middle ere; one
the same tete, by whisk 110111 e of the et-repents last, as Mr. RICIIAIII) GOSSitAtelt, jobber, of So- Resolved Unaaiatously, That hating been the of them wore a dark-eoloered long coat, the other Id-
were slightly hurt ; and two or there hares :e. mertnti, was returning from Sudbury market, he unhappy victims of a trade which has deprived us a desk-coloured jacket and tree vers.
thighbOurhood were levelled with the g...• .-:... was stopped by two footpads, within a mile of the of our best and most valued enjoyments, and col - -1---- -- -lee: ' . ...---___ • .
The :mow tlett accompanied the wind -to • parish of Boated, one of whom seised his pout" winced, as we are, of the undeniable principle, that Yalitsaday--41assitat, reremefigiesy at the Public HI
6„„,e,„„ya,„,,e to tea ;in peyeaueleedamee y the bridle, and eeinamtee his money, seying all men are bons free, we view the Abolition of this . Whom . •
Dittui,cicit,list:olSlStE..... OPj.
17fillacv*HATftlusbonli, Ptaiiviav 16. AL
gm" is was eo powernaheetret neither Nee net, they knew he bad Miley atettit him; on his resist- traffic-ota so abhorrent an its nature to every just
Is
horse could reehe it. GM! bn he Brighton coaches ing the other villain restantly snapped& pistol at and tender smitimeut"--with inexpressible. vatile A . et
free' tette+, *Mena* 016 alt eight o'clock, a!ltar him, which ftsit°l4telY dashed in the Pin= faction. .
Reedved Uatminiously, That the day which ter- itotteedisa e. t s 4. •• • V. n"Biablltuu ••• • .•
bell .
.
petoytedin; a retort dieuree on the mad, was cten. then dragged hint from O his horse into a 4P.
pellet' to return. the casette:ea &Attiring able, by threw him down, and, to preveut his giving alai's', mutates the Slave Trade in this coulee; ought to
All onliergli,.,.. 34
.4 211.1. Cork'
the applieation of his whip, to make tbe leading ?stuffed a handkerchief rate his mouth. and rifled ehrl ht us, in Particidwri with demoustra- •ss e. as - s nv. Nu T.Licil. rH
heft:, Lice the weather. Tlw berg-ant* Mr. Bee, his pockets of notes:and craft to the mowed 4.0( up- bons of gratitude awl thanksgiving. Mil •••,,ic,• ea 6 Low. Portugal Gold is
• •2 t • 23 lo Coif' and Hart F. s. il. oil
or She' instil *lt.") ,1 o coming to Lewes, with his wards of 691.—Tw0 of the notes were 101. Bank a Revolved Lianniaioualy, That the tribqte of our assenteent .... •43 re
per or .. 4, 0 .•
ilaetees teem, on tee Dose% between the Booth England; three 51. note of' the Clare Bank; two earnest gratitude is due to those friends of hu- -Cadet
of Ditehliag and NV. estattoton, being unable to 5L of the Braintree Bank; and about tol. in twin nemity alto bate intereated thentreltes in our f di. 'NWT' id 4l effective Nee Dol!ors .... 0 ..; 3
*ell ititt feet, was carried imitie disc
by the noble—One of the villains appeared to be in the your. whose exertiowe through Divine Assistance litithr, ..... ••• St , .glen in Men .... u 5 6
wool, stint had hi. feceelsockinely lacerated by the habit of a epithet, and they are both suspected to have contributed, in no small degree, se bring !ikeatker".
.. 4,l* Neer Lumis (tech) oo • au
A - lo on the Beak of Bawd,
fell he receiied. Oit his reitial a ith a load of have seen Mr. fitywllMdfffa take money at theabove- about this happy event: and also to that Govern- Gees, , „„:::: 45-iteepe. I. pet tee. t.
corn the same (ley, he was unable to proceed any 'Mentioned market. mete which hag so cordially and so honourably co- Venire 'LC.— sell* hut •it
farther than Lewes raciegenittei, where he took elf re A mammoth, in a state of perfect preservation, operated with them in this cause, and '' availed it- s., __ • --.L...—:...-.---.-1. e
?
his horses, acid left the engem' until the fullowinit was lately found near Yakoeitska, oil the borders self of the first practicable moment for anestial the . lleantAGEV.
...warLudor"tj7:s.il:tes::::taiges.r; edissinlstianeberts.l.:4,•:etwhialfunaiteltillieyll'uo.WßyievAnalts:tivveybYsift,.Ellii:es,.
tolfreriMmArcarag* r:th.,t-:
wonting. The Lotidoit coadm. both to mod Irma ilf the Frozen Os-ran. Van of the death the tusks, Progress of this great nwrid acid political evil*
Lewis, In the skill mod titre at their drivers. par- earl. and tail, had been cut off by the natives ; but Resolved Unauimously, That a Committee of
feruted their respective journey.., and without rape- the skeleton has been carried to Petersburg'', a twelve persona be appoiutecl for the purpose of wee
rienciag the least meekest. Permeably we hart distance of hive's miles. The head weighs *Mlle, making suitable arrangements for carrying the deacon or Irdy,
heard of no maritime diameters of consequence the hens are Wee Auld a hall' feet long, and weigh foregoing Resolutions into effect. On aattartlay tint, at st. George the Marty!,
_Queen's-
along the Sussex s etre. eiwehe; the !eight of the back is ten see s heir Resolved Unanimously, That this Committee "ram J•sel'll Lint, a, Eq. of the hula 0 BErbeike,t
to Mew Catharine amok Rashlricb, youngest daughter of
A rubbery. mated on in an exteneee manner. by feet. and the length sixteen and a half feet; the consist of the following persons, viz.— •
Thomas Raoliteials, Elm of HlacLiiesth I
tweenee in the eilny of Me. Bin a rmay, ship. bristles of the beck were of a reddish colour, and Peter IS dimes, Thomas Sipkise, Last weets„ Mr. William Brunie* iiiireeon of Nor" id's
Isaac Fortune, Jobs Twomaa„ le
Wilder. of Frieridgiary, Kent. ins hewn latelv ilts- many of them tar:mural two feet finir inches. to masc. Touthaeurs, daughter of M i Torallusim, Outer,
Thomas Mille. William Hamilton,
cot erect, and some oft he perpetnitors are now likely The drapers of Trove were thrown into a sad Robert A s,J,,:rt William Brows, Newark
to gaffer for their crimiushey. The cireisinsrance parker a few days ago, by the sudden appearance notate. Smith,' Abraham Gordon. On Tees :fey the gth Latent, at Haekford, near apeeser. ti
• Haggle Willtnabani, Esq. of Rode hall, is Cheshire to
JOHN TEASMAN. Chairman. • ~o
sawn._ ...anei.t &insister of the Low Philip Evertor'. 'Eau.
