controversy

reca-
'i ill-

that
reasoning
interests

able
con-

log
they

prevent
itinuance
ily
good

is-
du-
the
I in-
teue,

.r. est
particular
Ct

464i-
'
sad
:11X
bat
out.
of

A pods.
oomph-
of such
000vic-

4 splen-
their en-

them
stZuer

the
poem-
foram,
sad

sums'
Com Pan/.
on a fat
exiatense

afterwards destined

for equalP rights and equal duties with the indifferent it,
deserves • a
The West Indians, Indeed, are in some degree Ales& of
commiseration, because they have but little, and ale:1111
the point of losing even the &de that •they have : unlike
the East Indians, who, to verify the contrast, seem to
think that because they have Much, still mote should be
given to them. The claims of the West Indians are, how-
' ever, also grounded in error. They lioness immense
Llestates of landed property. which are chiefly valuable for
the sugars they produce. Cruelty end oppression first
established, and custom and Injustice still sanction, the
,cultivation of these estates by slaves. The unwilling and
constrained task-work of the degraded negro is so inferior
in its effects to the cheerful operation, of the free and
happy labourer, that in consequence of the sugar of the
'West Indies being raised by slaves, its test of production
is much greater than it would be if raised by free men.
The produce of these estates is brought to the English
'market, where it is met by the sugar from the East; and
notwithstanding the greater distance of the voyage, with
all its concomitant expenses, this Eastern sugar, (Wen the
superior fertility of the Indian soil, end the cheapness of
labour in that country, though the labourers are deprived
of all the advantage of British akin and machinery In the
preparation, is so much cheaper than the other, that the
West Indians claim and procure a duty to be laid on the
cheaper commodity, to make it equally dear with their
own.
The loos which the West Indian planter would sustain,
if he came into the English musket on equal terms with
the East Indian grower, would be certain; but the true
remedy for this would be, not the *Mug a duty on his
rivers produce, to incense its price, by w the West
Indian will be encouraged still to continue cultivation by
slaves ; but by abstaining from all interference in a matt&
of commercial competition, and making the slave culti-
vator feel that his system is unprofitable, thus obliging
him, by the most useful of all teachers, self-interest and
self-preservation, to become an advocate for the tholes
don of a system which has been the source of more
misery and suffering than any other single scourge that
has hitherto afflicted the world. T pretences set up
by the West Indians, that their Ire of spore
lauds
value to Englaiul than the East In 'es--thar they V.
ford a wider market for British industry, Ind constitute
a better nursery for British semen, are the most ground-
less than can be imagined. Even under our present rela-
tions with India, beneqth the paralyzing influence of the
Company's monopoly, there is a greater amount of British
manufactures consumed in the East than in the West, and
an equal number of seamen employed in voyages to and
fns that country, as well as in the country itself. But
if the unjuat restrictions which still Letter British inter-
course with that rich and fertile quarter of the globe were
removed, we should see the consumption of British manu-
factures invested tenfold ; and ligi number lof ships and
seamen so Augmented as to funded,* navy, when required,
without any material detriment to the continued activity of
an increased mercantile marine.
But there is a third party, of Wl!' worth and importance
than either, though apparently entirely forgotten by theme
contending factions. This is the greet body of the People
of England, to whom the East and West Indies are but
as nothing. It is they who want a voice to represent their
Rue interests in the British Pain/men% It is they who
Amid petition the Legislature of their country far a real
and gine& equalization of duties, which should at once
by the humiation of a gradual abolition of the monopolies
of the East and the West, and an their evils of arbitrary
ruls over white men, and misery and slavery of black men
logistloor, by opening the fail Held of competition to all
atbrent'dis to eater it, making India aid the Cola.
tit parts of the Eiridali dominions, anivkLer:log
...isqual laws This would be doing eqpa lance to
It would be nun intent With the oik
wha:Z.East Indians clahe the ibelibion dile duty!!
' their sugar; it would accord with the • • on
'' 2 the West Indians seek to petlbemealfelle_pe,
on a footing with others in poititoTeettud'ad i alk
' the above all, ft would be of inealenbilile heweillialculteril
tit mesa of the commercial and •matinfaetu yet
the England, and to society at lire,, whom an 4 ist-
, gotten amid the clamours of .it contendintaig
inkeests' the ground of general interest, and as a q .
"let the rblic weal, it is dew:rein the sedan or
o w
at Engle;td as of well el the rovorowoot "Yob re'
freely
gm7to have the ipnipool etellbee of theepogin ea ha"
strongest .
- Nl-
.oe and to rule only ten the wanton .4
_—.., . t
Oise injustice of confining it to a mere handful of men, and memumereimimmme
r too possessing no one distinguishing feature of merit STATUE TO LOAD..orp—. ERSKINE.
entitle them to such a privilege before other men ; while TO THE BDITOA OF THE iIIitITIBM PRESS.
adloqfpantsss of British wealth, skilk, enterprise, and hi.
is exciuded from this rich anteample field, which Si a,—l find that the Mende of „lir. scarlet, are isle
ray neither cultivate to the extent it would ad- ,offering, as an excuse for his very oeuraordinary in
nor permit others to sow or reap in. If this compote the chair (at the meeting in Uncials Inn Han, to vh
of so mime, as they sometimes pretend, it is the strongest some mode of doing honour to the memory af therlete
swop that could be oft'ered for the folly of their retaining Lord Erskine) the assertion that helms engaged en that
kin eppseitio' n to the wishes of those who would gladly evening to dine with a Noble Duke; and that it was on
rid thus 4 their unprofitable embarrassment. that account necessary that he should hurry over the busi-
The is Welly the cue of the East Indiana, considering ness of the M
rather in the short space of a few minutes.
eetheogy
dist news le designate the body of those who, as Proprie- But surely this a is an aggravation than an
ten and Directors, constitute the East India Company. extenuation of a haviour which is reprobated in all so-
The, are already in possession of an exclusive trade with cieties, and which seems to have excited one general send-
China, one of the most populous countries under the sun ; mon of disgust. Surely, Sir, Mr. Scarlet?, if be did not
they already possess power over million of men in India, feel the honour of presiding over the deliberatioss of each
for whom they make what laws they please, without
_ the an assembly to be a sufficient recompense for the being de-
people having a voice to complain ; they already concen- prived of his ducal dinner, should have declined the chats
taste within their own grasp advantages of the most vs- when it was offered to hint: he should have made his
luable kind, which ought to be equally open to the enjoy- election between two incompatible situations • and at all
mentof all their fellow-subjects ; they are. a. th themselves events he should not have conducted the procenlings of the
often boast, in entire possession of the most endid jewel Meeting in so cold and hasty a manner, that a chilling
of the British crown ; and yet, after all this, they are not damp has been thereby cast upon the subscription which it
satisfied, but entreat the British Legislature, by prayer was his professed object to further and promote.
and petition, to equalize the duties on East and West I am, Sir, &c.
hells Sugar, and put them, the rulers of an extensive em- A. B.
pire, on the same footing with the planters of a few scat- Il_we
_.,..!............m.• ,
tered islands. if the Legislature were to do their duty, Great festivities are preparing to celebrate his Grace tta
when so petitioned, they might reply to the prayer of them Duke of Itutland's birth-day, at Belvoir Castle. is
petitioners, " First cast the beam out of thine own eye, Royal Highness the Duke of York and Prince Leopold are
arts
and then shalt thou see clearly to pull out the mote that is to be Present; shy their Graces the Duke and
in thy brother's eye:" but, unfortunately in this case the °E. Somerset- These noble persons leave town for the 4111116.
blind literally lead the blind, and no wonder that the pm- akin, some to-morrow, and sortie next day. All the her*
dieted consequence ensues. The Legislature might answer on the road are bespoke. Every thing round Bele*
a deputation from Leadenhall-street by saying, " Gentle- Castle wean an aspect of hilarity as well as raligniatienen
men of the India Boise, you who are so desirous of equa- Lady M. Beauderk, daughter df the Duke of' 1111:
lization, and who are so horror-struck at the bare ides of a Albans, who has been much indisposed, we are happy
monopoly of sugar, and an encouragement of slavery in the hear is much better.
West, will you have the magnanimity to give a proof of Accounts from Camel, of the tad December, state, that
your sincerity in desiring the equalization you advocate, by M. de Scbrierfeld, the Minister of the Interior, died as
abandoning your own monopoly of tea, and your encou- the preceding day, at the age of 65.
ragement of slavery in the East?" The West Indians, it On Saturday last, Madame Catalani arrived at the
to cost more queen's Head Inn, in this town, and at an early hour cm
sugar
is true, occasion some evil to the community, in causing
the following morning pursued her journey southward.—
by slave cultivajon than it would if
need by five labour; but the Eat Indians cause much She appeared in good health and limits, and wore tartan,
greater evil to the community, not simply by the ty perhaps in compliment to the Land o' Cakes, from which
of tea, which is at least as great an evil m the mol:Zof she has just returned, After having experienced a reception
sugar, but by a fat more important hindrance to the corn- there worthy of her talents.—Newcaelte roper.
menial and manufacturing interests of Great Britain, by Mr. Alacready is now performing at • Ewer. He made
acting literally the part of the dog in the fable, being de- his first appearance
. on Friday last, in the character of Vit.-
terrnined neither to improve the resources subject to their exists. the Alfred Exeter Journal speaks of the Terre-
saltation as producing the finest said most enthusiastic
will themselves, nor to suffer any other persons to settle
that effect upon a numerous and fashionable audience.
upon their soil to do it for them! There is nothing
the West Indians do, which is to be conspired with this Iteroar en LOU or Tilt Aaaa.—We have the melan-
incholy task to notice a report which reached this city es
the injurious nature of its effects. The West Indians
keep some thousands of negroes in a slavery that is a re- Friday, of the loss of his Majesty's brig Arab, on the
north-west coast of' Ireland. Our information is derived
preach to them and to the age in which we live; and which
indeed, were half of those who profess to be Christiana froina letter from Cove, toes relation of the Captain's clerk
re ,
Mr. Harris, a native of this city. It states that Admiral
ally on, would have been long since swept from the
earth. But the East Indians keep in a subjection still Lord Colville had received an account of the kiss of the
more humiliating, millions of human beings of a higher Arab, on the loth or 11th, on the coast of the
- Mayo, and that all on board perished; It was
character, a nobler intellect, men whose country the fa
then of these East Indians took from them by force; men she was in chase of a smuggler.—Cork Cuastitutioa.
accustomed not long since to reign in splendor, and to enjoy Upwards of thirty half-pay officers died within the bet
all the advantages belonging to the comparative state of In°„Tun•
civilization to which they bad wing men from whom i' ilk Ft; cane Lowe, in his work on " The Stein
these East Indians draw immense wealth in tribute and
of Trade and Finances," draws a short parallel betimes
taxes ; men to whose fathers theirs paid homage, when the eight years that have passed since the late peace, and
they first entered their territories on sufferance, but pro- the same period subsequently to the peace of 1783. On
gremlin:ly wrested from them every inch of their extensive comparing the price of the three per Cent. Consols for the
dominions ! Who, then, can give a moment's ear to the respective years, we find the result as follows:
complaints of the East Indians, when they affect to regard Period subsequently to 1783. Period subsequently to 1814.
earas an set of injustice the protecting monopoly granted to 171,4' Price of Stocks. Year. Price of Stacks
their rivals in the West? Who can for a moment believe 17ne - - 55 IRIS . . as
- - $2 IRIS. . 82
them sincere, when they pretend to feel horror at the state 1788 - - 72 1817 - - 7,1,
of slavery, which, bad as it is, is not so humiliating as that 1787 - . 72 nu - - 77
in which they keep their own subjects of the highest rank 1788 - - 73 1819 - . 72
and character, including kings and princes, in the East? 174 - - 78 1820 - . es
thelnavterheagsuecceetpricelinogf ythel4rth(rtee79gpeirrthceentsriiebrwingas -avboelte7raw9p.id,
Who does not see, indeed, that such advocates of free coin- 1791 : ' 77 18111 . • 74
, pearetittniionlyinutrptet,edansdepuifreechreetstjp—mfaidt ofresperseard ethaleilribi!.:urtitceery,

POETRY. ON THE CONFLICTING CLAIMS OF THE
--..0...-- EAST AND NEST INDIANS.
le way ge THE HOUR Of LOVE. --......
(Fran the Olinda! Herald sad Colonist Bevirml
Dee. 17. "11. sweet to wan 'mid twilight grey.
in the dna And watch the &walling amass of day t
We do not intend to trace the history of the controvert]
e_eiTY sad. Ad seer ha ayes, u they undone,
11. Pons sDeu dewy teen upon the rose t between these two powerful bodies, from its origin up to tin
iasaadees ilk Anti hear the early yaws of Love, present time. It would not only he a " weary," but al
4, is .till a From Wry copse, and bow's, and grove. " unprofitable" occupation ; for nothing could be gainet
1 But more 1 love the tender power
to the cause of conviction on either side, by merely reca
n ZPreeteicat' Of faUing Evening's welcome hour ;
'ffti,_ fo this When her light veil of milt is amid, • pitulating what those on both have already written with
eispensesis And day's last crimson line is fled ; out producing the effect desired. It appears to us tha
I other; ar. While the first star's uncataio light if the same writers had been exerting their reasonim
to theses. Just trembles on the brow of night. powers on any other subject, in which neither the interest
t.te,Unises, gin the soft breezes die away,
ore
mu senisco And yon sweet moon's delicious ray of the one nor the other were concerned, they would l
miles, wig Eat. on my soul from hearten above, ere this have arrived at some conclusion in which bon
ections rag Like glow Gam that dear eye I love.- could concur. But the strong influence of party seems t.
Lone Iwo This bkb hear-1 watch, and start, have so clouded the understandings of men otherwise abt
neeesase Eyli at the beatings of my heart, and intelligent, as to make even those who wish to be eon
ivy
severe peennni In aWith eery sound his step 'ry breath bis voice I hear,
sidered the real friends of freedom, plead the cause of in
PIN. 12,14
oe ~
Oh haste thes-'tis a desert spot wear.
justice and oppression : anal this, too, without appearini
many Mufti la life, my love, where thou art not ; to be conscious of the striking delusion under which the;
g kit l'agie Attd dewy morn, and noomday sun, labour.
tin is toW And eening's milder charms are one.
For many of the East Indians as individuals (by whoa
aspens; 0 Nosght but thy form dies; eyes tan we-
H. W. we mean the Proprietors of East India Stock), we enter
eur had,
~..*
e out bis is, Helen nothing livaa-but thee.
stotitsst
PASEHONABLE INTELLIGENCE.
...........-- fain the highest respect. This does not, however, prevail
.our seeing that, as a party eentending for the continuane
Lad of a joint-stock trade and monopoly, they are commercial:
rollillieg till • Sag el fisnlegte° aterisanwa at dinner. Yesrerd'il ri7id and politically wrong. We have, on the other hand, goo
Me of thno , Laid W. beaux, Mr sad
_Mrs. Trevor., Hat. r:,
Sc
reason to be diesatisfied with the East India Company as
a . Finney Stanhope, ace. at his in teamo.peu
count Lad we an elegant emir of governing body ; but this does not prevent our seeing that it
been thaw; . ..
'ja ess=fes includingisk* dm Dowager Duchess of claiming to be put on the same footing with the West In
Mir was and dm Ladles Lennox. diens, as it regards the importation of sugar on equal du
floral teas. • et
almel bee a lard party " WidassdaY "ID" ties, they are commercially and politically right. la lb
ielt *was aell , aha Billeessav lialuderopars.
turn which is ~ morourszrud us Laws . maw arrived yesterday same spirit of impartial observation, uninfluenced by in
eh the we's mass wig% is se. Ansa is.anuare, free
,the Dow- terest on either side, we discover some things that are true
sine* their Useeldpasas of Loodeederry's son, Nona Cray, Kest- aed others that are false, in the reasonings of the Wes
see very lei 1. ti hooka rworrlbr has "we' (the Mullah ed. St a' Indians, as to the pretended importance of their particula
any more, u 'r sung et for her Nu as am. claims ; and though we respect them as highly as their op
so to eau be. kr' - 'id"' °lb"' has left
Will
parents in this contest, we than state our opinion of th
I Nal Nd Omar of Darlington salved yesterday evening pretensions of each, without-regard to the favour or dis
ble to ente 's Mess;, lihrbeleraquen, from their seat, Newts pleasure of either.
the people h Weigh's.; sad Mr. and Alm. Hodgson have left ditto for
The East Indiana at present enjoy, to the great detri
c..ii regimeets
there. Ms - &afoul left sewn paternity fee his father's (the Duke of tnent of the millions over whom theft rule in extended, d
exclusive monopoly of the government in Hindman ; an
Alban. and wai.,Llythatials'veru, wwww•l•aansl. left town yesterday for Wooburs
• tiltegomwa.sulsobeinerce oectsifoyethatoitnabtlioTat injury of the mass of thel
lioa. Timm (bailie arrived in town yesterday from the Mar.
awnhiexchdrill Bveritimnitteets4: be
s yrsterdsy. .1 Stalawd's seat, Richmond.
ig the trade- Sir Charles Samoa, Bart. has left town for his scab, Abagdent, such as they think proper to license, are entirely shut out
fonder& t . There might have been a period, in the earliest stage c
aline; so Sir Themes ad Lady Farquhar bays left town for this mat at their history, when a trade to the more distant countries c
r, Rec. IL mired yesterday at Femmes Houk ik. the East, from its requiring armed ships and fortified pose
War' Sabre*amid not have been carried on but by joint-stock mum
`areas lose - 'sanest, from his aro in I.iurrey.
th. fattastic Detains. foot the British Hotel, Jermymatreet :--Sir hush nit,: but the very practice of limiting the charters of sue
:Abed needy nosh Ben fite Wilton House, Wilts, on a visit to the had companies to a moderate period, is grounded on the coovie
Ty lane at. Comes of Pembroke; sad Alas. tavills and fatally. ties that such a necessity must be of short duration ; an
r,al NW is. • iBIiEIMeWPEr. that when the time limited by the charter has expired,
aninjos Abe BRIGHTON FESTIVITIES. is just that exclusive privilege should be at an end, I
ne,fere whisk
Is Fur= Ni. --rids.-- that all the subjects of the country might equally panic
Smateree, New risa'S Dar. pate in the advantages of such a commerce, each to U
• a lam is The gay appearance of "Sham al somewhat dim,- extent of his means. The first adventurers in these spier
Se Ordst. The this day by a drier ray which fell lads sight, did speculations are sufficiently remunerated foe their et
1i of WWI a Barra% de • by a high wind which still s.JI aS re to 'sank the turtle, by the brilliant fortunes which are made by the
but appeai :larat...l;n the varintltplar_.° hal'ltridahla__2lwara'__._._ln who are foremost to brave the danger and win the prim
it, Is begat* Y "'"' letter, I mentioned '"''' a wari..”••••• I'l'l°6' It is well that it is so ; for without this stimulating hope i
ed and sassy -I pas given m. 3 the Pavilion: al ems aniselidemema a reward, the worm of discovery and Improvement, wow
- • ce occurred, which above thet eipaiser he more teeth in its march. That this was the case wil
Widen any
year are lbes always *warded ..011111 arbo____ •Iv • adisidetth who embarked in the earliest speculations of tl
it benison**
es was w se. rbroiLike corlimbY were dig roolorr__,-Por 'L•we: East India Company, and who went out to their posse
in this esei4 Sie eltalaaa.,aPosobil briblbri „ _,_ m eats as merchants, factors, &0., the enormous forms
ma h.,/ sees • mai is shady WOW =SO l lad) is a brought home from thence by their civil, military, at
i Miasmas al natal woman; pother, , the easel se of the commercial agents, sufficiently prove. That such stave
eget oiet sad
' '7 beautiful warren waa_s___Ware LoweCompare When •••••‘,,______,ll° grand, a a trading body, is satisfactorily accounted for from a h
ill main eat -- 'lion-room at the Pollak the killferamathe.ross• is be which forms the strongest argument against their exist=
ladepadasia, • °untied by a gay peep of titled His at all, namely, that no joint-stock company can, either
that IM via asesty received Sir Hudson with inwhall favor and die- economy; despatch, or vigilance, compete with Nivea ti
iety, soma* . lion, and sakl emphatically, that he might be the tiet-
greet sepiadividuah let the nature of the commerce In which th
beard by thee around him, " I Bra flail to see here are opposed' to each other he what it may. Notwitbstan
of the gleans
s, bet Asa b of the best officers in my service. " Lpon this eemPli- ing their perpetual failures, however, as a body, and t)
a, bilk sa ta •t, and upon Ka manifest allusiee, I am unwilling to
Ayr Don Pled ~.. •,1. its effect, however, here has been, that Sir entire creation of the cause to which they owed their trig
i
a esewartia sr falcon, who war) not much mere popular in the higher -the incapacity of individual private traders to carry on
expensive and distant a trade-they have contrived, by tl e Soma le '- - here, Simi. I believe, he is oolong the subordinate
a pens et a.
widi • almainfluence of wealth' and subserviency to ministerial interest
of wage ji =bled a degree or owe in the external to procure from time to time a renewal of the charter at
we she Massa . Pall ilr Mat by the fraqamiliaa of the Pavilion. ing to them the exclusive possession of a dominate to whit
our and skill s •, - has be: spill: acematt far the introduction every Britiah suitiect ought, yews ago, to have been flee
te that arias , ffildbillos 011 orek or mworMil„ ;,_ brd I admitted. If the commerce with India and China be p
' ' m ireoll b• orrid•err•Y ibribolid• mar for gala ex Inabk, it is the strongest reason that could be offered 1
wilkabrh: 4 •of royal favour. The effect bore, however, has the injustice of confining it to a mere handful of men, al
dwdrusouubeillaus, . fa......"1rrabv_,..t0 iht,.....E31.;?1"...,..,ernar. Whether it will tat!' these too possessing no one distinguishing feature of me
• ' " '"-"` ""`" ""' Its 7. is the r""e alt" to entitle them to such a privilege before other men ; whi
lid.....l4Zaini:•' lam is another question. Bttlrbye, Mr. B. Oldest* the great mass of Bride% wealth, skills enterprise, and I'
nay ..
hirsilibiltongeetioe shifte:wt huarfivirsa,iss'n thiaeir ICI tine
he will Pm' desire is excluded from this rich auttample field, whit
promenade on the &eine. the Company neither ctdtivate to the extent it would a
~.ii mdm,s2.trsiard'us „....;4mani,..l.,the.,..mielaaaa composer, bees .
__very favourably mit, nor permit others to sow or reap in. If this comma
- --- - ---., received at Pavilion. 'm insane' "11 been stated in mate be of 110 sia/ste, as they sometimes pretend, it is the strop
Sim the elee.,- of the papers to be petulant and obtrusive. I have
sorwr rd been given to understand that the contzary. is the fact. reason that could be offered for the folly of their retaini
it in opposition to the wishes of those who would glad
He does not speak English, but his singing is so delight- rid them of their unprofitable embarrassment.
mil erawdese (ally expressive, that they who do not understand Italian
le aura
kl •vs scarcely reason to regret their ignorance. He has This is briefly the cue of the East Indiana, coosideri
le aura so . . twice at the Pavilion. On the first night be that name to designate the body of those who, as Propel
and played ; on the list evening he played only, as the tors and Directors, constitute the Eat India Compar
eirsecistaaitheza
twits three,
was very
ret,
and his Majesty kindly abstained
C'Fbh.ey are already in possession of an exclusive trade wi
e purism et sto than distressing him by any vosal exertion. Several very ma, one of the most populous countries under the su
Id • mastedlsi splendid entertainments took plate last evening. That of they already possess power over millions of men in Ind
xin Lemke), 1 Mrs. puha, on the marine parade, wu my fully and for whom they make what laws they please, without t
ig it to be at tla fashionably attended. A concert of very diveed musical people having a voice to complain ; they already comae
w the time be*
end bud sip; entertainment was followed by quadrilles, which were trite within their own grasp advantages of the most i
kept up with great spirit until dirty o'clock this morning. 1 ble kind, whichought be 11to thte enj
uato wawa y open
it.
uweee, Ae. OM Mrs. } itzherbert was present for a short period of the eves- mentor all their fellow-subjects ; they are. as thq
_thetuu 1
to give Teatime ing. She is still a fine woman, but we know what be- often boast, in entire possession of the most Wendidjev
the erwrir°, comes of "all that beauty, all that wealth e'er gave ." sad of the British crown ; and yet, after all this, they are r
asPerotkoriosdae ''''igi the artificial glow that now illumines her countenance,git
ia satisfied, but entreat the British Legislature, by pre,
nee and •t a poor substitute for that glow which was once " erica- and petition, to equalize the duties on East and W,
the 1 .on her lips and on her cheeks." The moor of the hall. hula Sugar, and put them, the rulers of an extensive a
to send this ~ was very tastefully „Imo'. In gold letten at the pire, on the same footing with the planters of a few se
they, and 'dos had of the room was the inscription (surrounded with tend islands. If the Legislature were to do their dui
lo se whan tt when so petitioned, they might reply to the prayer of the
of its elettem flowers) in red and white chalk, Vise la dame I and at the
iy his jibiomy.) bottom a similar tleviee, with the inscription Tosyjoure gai. petitioners, " First cast the beam out of thine own et
e•nd then shalt thou see clearly to pull out the mote thai
The priucipal entertainment of the season takes place at the -
Pavilion this evening in thy brother's eye:" but, unfortunately in this awe t
Three o'clock..--The day has somewhat cleared up. It blind- literally lead the blind, and no wonder that the pi
sichealeest• still bknes fresh, and the promenade does not promise so dieted consequence ensues. The Legislature might alias
r nada, so lwight an assemblage of beauty and fashion as crowded a deputation from Leadenhall-street by saying, " Gent
terme '
the wimp, there in the afternoon of yesterday. men of the India Hoar, you who are so desirous of equ
!lotion, and who are so horror-struck at the bare idea o
ing Walton.
N. M. Retbstia, DRURT-LANE THEATRE. monopoly of sugar, and an encouragement of slavery in I
and she Ode. West, will you have the magnanimity to give a proof
miss for sillo, 21 --.11.--
a what remains ofdie Bergwv. opera,
idler
all the
ett. your sincerity in desiring the equalization you advocate,
sat first asses' . , inflow which
mock ;Pita abandoning have taste have
wade abandoning your own monopoly of tea, and your eater
,A, shun iti fe' n it, Was played last night, for the purpose of introducing tagement of slavery in the East?" The West Indians,
c Daring 18_ ~rsila Mule atria for the lint ti this season. This is true, occasion some evil to the community, in caust
r, is do NW" . tag actress appeared with all her sugar to cost more by slave cultivajon than it would
rimed by free labour; but the But Indians cause inn
e 12th Jeauso. " Noe, and baba, nod wreathed smiles," greater evil to the community, not simply by, the
tot Fetus* more delightful than ever, notwithstanding an envious of tea, which is et least as great an evil u the nio=y
I let Man* ..ugh, which, in its ethos to stifle her sweet notes, only sager, but by a far more important hindrance to the co
tyro! ItiwiL,
sr.. f drew down upon:her more applause than she would have modal and manufacturing interests of Great Britain,
ry, and not es received without the interruption. Though we always acting literally the part of the dog in the fable, being t
vu every lOW view with some share of disapprobation these sexual meta- terrnined neither to improve the resources subject to th
i
.1" 8 4 morphoses, we are ready to admit in candour, that if we are will themselves, nor to suffer any other persons to set
20 10 in any. instance inclined to depart from the severity of our upon their soil to do it for them! There s nothing tl
12 6 . rule, it would be in favour of a performer, who, like Ma- the West Indians do, which is to be compared with tl
24 12 dame Vestris, can aspire to the glories of her profestion, as in the injurious nature of its effects. The West India
16 git were, in every department, and win them all. She then keep some thousands of negroes in a slavery that is a
may stand as an exception, but let no one less gifted presume preach to them and to the age in which we live; and whi
.t 82 0 to follow where she leads. Her performance last night, in indeed, were half of those who profess to be Christie
'..moPermosmarkr7'egi spite of the drawback we have already noticed, was " full really as, would have been long since swept from 1
will be auswis of life, and splendor, and joy." She was the prince of earth. But the East Indians keep in a subjection a
it the tettPeetirt bitaymen. It is a thousand pities she is not somewhat more huheiliating, millions of human beings of a higl
~, _ mote II but we believe small men have generally been the character, a nobler intellect, men whose country the :
s.onwti! °lest dm, most eminent for spirit and vivacity. Her reception was then of these East Indians took from them by force • m
0nge0.7.„, „001 mei as she was entitled to expect from the theatrical accustomed not long since to reign in splendor, and tee'enj
r receive the h
~,, world, to whose enjoyment she coutributes so largely. The all the advantages belonging to the comparative slate
house or .11,. '`..., tad) melancholy refiection we ever suffer after seeing her is, civilization to which they had arrived' men from wlu
the poued ste2, that she should ever grow old while we remain young these But Indians draw immense wealth in tribute a
r !dent to 1001. ""ti (tough to be • •
e bonds until il . :. intoxicated with her fascinations, and revel taxes ; men to whose fathers theirs paid homage, wb
treat 2900 two .. the pleasures which she spreads round the magic circle they first entered their territories on sufferance, but p
of her channs. :Thsti Stephens's P. was in her usual style gresovely wrested from them every. inch of their extent
to be issue" b' . of excellence ; indeed we snapected that she sung fuller dominions ! Who, then, can give a moinent's ear to 1
swot ketal_ rieuher than we recollect hearing her. On the whole the complaints of the East Indians, when they affect to rem
Ch.""V-'''
titif I music of this opera was given last night with a as an act of injustice the protecting monopoly granted
%lee cage. and skill rarely witne•ssed- l)owton played I.ovhit, their 'nets in the West? "%Vito can for a moment beli,
LOW end Terry Pearhant, and the pair of rogues hail never more them sincere, when they pretend to feel horror at the at
bOto talent bestowed upon them to raise them to the true tin- of slavery. which, bad as it is, is not so humiliating as tl
300 • uric pitch of disgust. The presence of a very good house in which they k their own subjects of the highest ri
200 ~,. ~ ov,,f that
t ums.- ~ !o even at this stage of the 'lesson such pieces, so anti character, including kings and princes, in the Est
eostresbeul pool ~.:!twill atone even fur the tedious pantomime which the Who does not see, indeed, that such advocates of free at
vanities. 'filesg ' 'leer if they chine to remain, are afterwards destined , petition in trade, and free enjoyment of personal libert
slnestLiy, a •l'" , ectitire. are truly " painted sepulchres,' -and regard their out
' Asi
