PETITION FROM JUDGE FOX.

Lord CARLETON said, he held a Petition in
bis hand from the Hon. Lnke Fox, one of the
Judges of the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland.
The matter of the Petition itself was such, as would
sufficiently recommend it to their Lordships' atten-
tion. It stated,that Judge Fox, while in the discharge
of his judicial fundiors in Dublin, had heard erx
rumour of a Petition presented against him in that
House, from John Hart, Esq. for gross misconduCt
in the discharge of his Judicial FunCtions, in Au-
gust last. at Lifford, in the County of Donnegal ;
that the Honourable Judge applied for leave to re-
pair to England, and was come to London ; that he
had not been able to learn from the Newspapers
what were precisely the charges alleged against
him ; that their Lordships' proceedings not being
officially printed, he bad still been unable to col-
left the precise charges; that he had, notwithstand-
ing, collefled sufficient information to be persuaded
that they were of a most important nature; that he
was most anxiously solicitous to vindicate his Judi-
cial Conchs& ; and ventured to say, that it would
appear, on enquiry, to be not only innocent, but
meritorious ; he therefore prayed their Lordships to
grant him a copy of the Petition presented against
him, and to order st:ch proceedings as might seem
tit in their Lordsh:ps' wisdom, to enable him to vin-
• slicate his charaCter.

The Petition being read, his Lordship said, Le
would not attempt to take the House by surprise ; he
would, therefore, now give notice, that, on Mon-
day, he should submit a Motion to the House on
this subjea, as, for that day, their Lordships were
already summoned. He then moved, " That the
Petition be ordered to lie on the Table." Ordered.

The Earl of LIMERICK stated, in a very
pointed manner, the hardships of the Honourable
Judge's situation ; such weighty charges being
brought against him on ez parts evidence. Their
Lordships would entertain his Petition, and give him
the opportunity he so justly prayed for, to vindicate
his Judicial Charatter. Ile would only say, if the
lion. Judge was guilty of any one of the ails
ascribed to him, he would concur in his punishment;
bet if he were innocent, he would give his hearty as-
sistance to every means of his vindicating his cha-
racter.

Lord M U LG RAVEsaid,as very importantbusiness
stood CA. 'ay, and as a copy of the Petition
against the Hnn. Judge, ought, in faet, to have
been sent to him, he saw no impropriety in now
granting the prayer of his Petition. His Lordship
then moved, " That a copy of the former Petition
be win to Judge Fox ;" which was agreed to.
Adjourned to to-morrow at two o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
At four o'clock, there appearing only 38 Mem-
bu s, the House adjoin ned to to-morrow.

known in Egypt ; and 28 represent oikas of
Natural History. Besides these engravings, which
art entirely finished, 160 others are begun. The
Drawing, of the Temples, of the Palace., Anil of the
Graves, are rat the only curious th,coveries con-
cerning the Egyptian antiquit;es. A number of
statues, idols, ant amulets, are besides engraving.
Different masters are now busy engraving the Paw -
rus found in graves, tinder the cover of Mum-
mies. (joarnal Jr Park).
The hereditary Princess of Tour and Taxis is ar-
rived at Stutgard on a visit to Her Ro:al I hghncss
the Elettress of Wirternberg, where she intends
pass some few weeks.

The order of tile Grand Judge, not to rittasit any
French citizen to enter France without a pass signed
by him, has caused a great deal of incoovenieuce
and ezpence to our merchants and niantafaaurers,
who have frequented the late fairs of Frankf.rt and
Leipzig. Near three thousand of them are waiting

on our different frontiers ta obtain thou passe*, from;
which their comm••rcial affairs suffer as much as
their purses. Among others. nine hundred Lyonete
manutitatzers are detained at FrAnkfint. Manheirri,

Offenheim, Rule, Lausanne, and other I-Lices.—

(Ge:eite dr France.)
The tronbl. to procure passes, and ;he inconveni-
ence of shewing them every league, have one adv an-
tage, that of bringing large sums of money into or ,
treasury fur the stamps upon which the
written. We have heard from good authority, t
according to the registers kept by the G:a:sd Ja..
six millions three hundred and niact y.: nrie
have been delivered all over France to individia..!
both sezes,- since tiledidlenirry a the Late 4,:crnst,:lAzy
only : a clear proof that the prc entirestraicts and chi-.
ficulties in travelling do rot hinder ow countrymen
from moving about (se monrair) either fur their
pleasure or for their affairs.—(journal de Pari4.)

For the first time since the Christian RtiHeap was
introduced into France,two Protesta'it Minister's have
been installed at Marseilles, in the preset-e rt the
Prefeia and the Constituted Au:hrnitic.s, tot;e:lier
with all the Pro:estants of that town. "fix Precetft
pronounced an appropriate speech.

_ .
According to the last letters from Americi, Des-
salines has declared to a kind of English agent, ac-
credited by him, that he is greatly inclined to give
the preference to the Protestant rather than to the.
Roman Catholic Religion.—(G7ze.?e do France.)
Letters from Constantinople of a recent Sate,
mention, that Citizen Joubert, swigs ah,.yntr••nied Ba-
naptrie, as interpreter, to Egypt, is arrived in the
Turkish capital with a letter from th,.. Emperor f
the Sultan, which he is ordered to &live' into
Sovereign's own hands, and will, therefore,
have a private audience. AsJoubert siseaks ..,ii
as well as French, it is to be hoped that b- .11 be,
able to enlighten the mind of the Grand S;,,not,
with regard to the interests of Turkey, in its prcsenk
circumstances, and, by it, prevent dangerous.
plots of England against the safety the Turkish
empire.—( Le Journal de Paris.)
The Mareshal of the Empire, Murat, Governor of
Paris, gave lately, at his country house at Villiers, a
splendid enter.ainment, which was altcn 3ed by the
Presidents of the Senate, of the Legislative Body
and of the Tribunate, all the Mare:laic ut the Etn-
pire, with the Generals, Colonels, a'd superlur
Officers of the Staff and Garrison of Paris ; the Pre..
feet of the Department of the Sei!,e, and the twelve ,
Mayors of this City. The first to st was given by
the President of the Senate—" T /Li Majesty Em-
peror NJpoleon;" which was received by all rt-ssoma
present with the greatest enthusiasm. 'lle second
toast, given by Marshal Moncey, was—" /!-, bre-
per!siMejeity Josephine." Which was drank in the
same manner as the first. All the succeedir!: toasts
being in the same spirit, formed a onion of wis:un
fur the glory, prosperity, and hal•piness, of the illus.
triotu Chief of the French Empire and his august
tamily. This feast, during which Maresaal Marat
did honours with that dignity and those noble m.c -
ners which distinguish all his adions,• was very bed.
liant--Vosirnalde PaKs.) •

Plr

Kam 110NAPARTE.

A gentleman, +Who arrived in town last Saurday,

and who left Paris on the 4th inst. says, that the
French emissaries every where upon the Continent
Salk of peace, and insinuate that a Congress for a
general pacification will in a short time be convoked,
wire the reciprocal claims or complaints of Eng-
hod, Russia, France, and all other States, will be
adjusted to the satisfAion of all parties. The ob-
lel of 80-sat/stirs, by such language, cannot be
mistaken. At a moment when a new league is form-
lag against his tyrannical usurpatioa,and outrageous
ambition, deception is necessary to the establish-
ment of a temporising system, which may dissolve,
embroil, or at least suspend these negotiations,
nearly drawing to a conclusion, and the era:to of
*bids he desires rather to parry by the Untrigues
of his political, than by the_ swords of his military
slaves.

Russia and England are the only States that have
escaped the embraces of Sonar A are and his revolu-
tionary slaves. The former of these powers, not
being open to attack, is by turns cajoled, threaten-
ed, or complimented, in the mean time that the
Cor►ean's agents excite against it the jealousy of
the other Northern States ; insinuate libels and
whimsies into that vast empire, and searches in its
neighbourhood for a spot where they may open a
seenktionary volcano. Towards England he has
displayed his exterminating hatred in so honest a
manner, that not a soul can mistake his designs.
His condle towards us, either in peace or in war,
viMl remain as unalterable as his passions. The
prosperity and glory of this country are the vul-
tures that are gnawing BONA PART!. TA t. LET R •ND.
and other PROMITH tang of the Revolution. This
inextinguishable rage is compounded of several
elements. Formerly the long habit of national ti-
t alry was tempered by polished manners, private
fiiendships, the decorum of Monarchical forms,
civil coanc.iions, and reason. At present it is
mixed with a brutal and vulgar hatred, congenial
to as Usurper, and a government of men without
education. without moderation, and, for fifteen
years pies% under the dominion of savage inclina-
tions, and become audacious from the impunity and
successes of their crimes.
It is not mixed with jealousy, but a fierce and inor.

dine* desire for those advantages, with which Eng.
land shines amidst the desolation, into which the
lovers (*tench liberty have plunged most total-
,
/ vestal Winos. It is mixed with the exasperation, of
pride, of the pride of an upstart, angry, at not being
surrounded by beggars, slaves, tributaries, and va-
lets from England, as well as from Spain, Italy, Por-
tugal, Switzerland, Holland, and Germany. It is
• seized with despair, at seeing that admirable union of
i*payfirefil tad venerated King, a free and high-
apiriiili Nation, and a Parliament entrusted with
the national interests, that can proted its indepen-
-0 deuce without passing the bounds of its authority,
standing still unshaken at the side of six republican
codes, that have successively metamorphosed the per
litical state of France. The moment the French

reformers thought that they had attained this sum-
mit of philosophy and perfeetion, by transforming a
monarchy of ages into a club of garrulous and sa-
e ienous democrats, without equipoise, and without
firis► their next thought was to overturn that =-
tightest of legislation, which in England contrasted
their ignorance and want of skill. At first, all that
mob of Republican patriots, that, by the flames of
the Revolution, were heated into existence out of
museums, libraries, law-Shops, work-shops, con-
vents, prisons, and galleys, admiied the English
constitution beyond measure. But no sooner had
they scraped out of the dust of RousssAu's Sail
Cent?4a. and the pamphlets of the level/en, the doc-
trineof the sovereignty of the people, and equality
of rights, than they pronounced the English to be
in a state of complete slavery. Although the fright-
ful evidence of their absurdities has undeceived
their fanaticism, it has failed against a vanity,
which confesses no repentancw'against the impe-
rious insolence which chareeterises dogmatists, and
against the necessity of destroying what disquiets
powerful criminals, who, are inventing theories for
their crimes; crimes for the support of their theo-
ries ; and who are wretched that they are not able

to ettinguith conscience in the human breast.
Whoever has not mated this confederacy of chap-
*tie demagogues and madmen, can but ip*Ct.
ikdiy conceive the virulence of their antipathy, and
the influence which 'die torture of envy has Upon
their *mum *gable Eagiand. The systematic Re-
publicans detest the British ccinsatution, as erected
upon the triple awhority of King, Lords, and
Commons; and Bona: oats, and his pack of Se-
nators, "dinisters. Councillors. and Criminals, detest
it as the model of limits to the executive power ;
and of a lqral. monarchical, executive power. He
mid they detest it as standing in the way of popular
Rnvolutions. dim* of dynasties. and the tyranny
. f upstarts; as a source cif patriotism. of strength,
and of stability. Such are the origin and causes o f

THE B4ITIS.;1 'PRESS.

LONDON,
FRIDAY. Julcs t 2.

Yesterday we gave, exciasirety, the Treaties of
Peace, which terminated the Late glorious war in
India. They were copied into all the Evening Papers
of yesterday,and will he this day published as origi-
nal intelligence by all our contemporaries. If their
readers prefer news at second hanJ,we have no right
to complain; but certainly we cannot admire their
taste. By these treaties, the East India Company
have gained an immense accession of territory, in-
cluding the province of Cuttack, with the port and
distrkt of Balasore, the territories which the Best Alt
RAJ AS held conjointly with the Sot sass of the De-
It an, alai several others to the west of the river Wur-
dah. The acquisitions from SCISDI • are still more
considerable. Theyembraceall histerritoriesbetween
the Jumma and the C.:ngec, and northward of the
Rajahs of Jeypoor and Goodepoor ; the forts and
territories of Broach, and Ahusednugger, and
all the territories which belonged to him southward
of the Adjuntee Hills. But the extent of these con-
quests would afford a very inadequate measure of the
advantages resulting from the late war. The rapid
series of brilliant viaories of which it was compos-
ed; vi Tories uniformly obtained over an enemy su-
perior in number, and considered the most warlike
people in India, has placed our possessions in that
quarter in a state of perfect security ; has extin-
guished French influence and intrigue, and gained
for our arms the chanater of invincible. When we
consider the dangers that have been thus averted, the
obstacles that have been overcome, the glory that
has been acquired, and the territories that have been
obtained, we fear that the gallant troops that at-
chieved so much will be surprised to find that the
result of their viEtories has not produced a greater
sensation. The time has been when viElories like
theirs would have been followed up with every pub-
lic demonstration of joy, when they would have
been the :Mika of conversation in every company.,
and have completelV lilted the pablic mind. If they
sow fall short of this efEeCt, the deficiency is perhaps
to be chit iy attribirtzd to the peculiar circumstances
of the times. We are new become familiar with
great political changes aad•military atchievements,
and contemplate them as belonginz to the regular
order of things.

Ile second reading of the Defence Bill is fired
Air Monday in the I-Itiuse of I.Ords ; when a very
interesting debate will probably tile place. It is
calculated, that the oPpos* itlon v:lllrdivide about 74
agiinit t 1). ‘Ve bellieVe that the Most sanguine
among Members of the opPosltion Ju not reckon
their force /Ogler ; but still sack a Minority niust
destroy all confidence its the permanence of
the present Administration, and be peculiarly
mortifying to a Minister Who used to have in, all
cases a most decided majority. The event of Mon-
day is consequently looked fOrward to with Fearful
anxiety ; for, though the Bill has esciPed safe
through the Commons, the Minister caamt forget

.-_.. - r

that it was in the Lotds the power of his predecessor
was overthrown. It was the iomManding weight
of talent, property, and influence of the opposition
in the Lords, that frightened Mr. AnntsoroN from
his seat. Independent of superior talent, energy,
and address, Mr. PITT, however, possesses one
great advantage over his predecessor in the ad-
vanced state of the Session. Ile will be able to
prorogue the Parliament in a fel weeks, without
any detriMent to public business. He has then
only to maintain his ground let that time, and
he will have in the vacation means, which the coali-
tion have not, to strengthen his position and in-
crease his forces. It is expe.led that the Earl of
Melina will take an aelive part in the debate on
Monday, and his opinion upon such a subjeCt must
have great weight.

The Report of the Committee of the House of
Commons upon the Irish Currency and the Ex-
change with England, so far as respeccis the reme-
dies to remove or alleviate the inconvenience, will
be found in the last page,

On Wednesday evening, the RoY&c FAMILY
walked in Kew Gardens. .

Yesterday morning His MAJESTY, accompanied
by the Dukes of CusisEez. awn and CAMBRIDGE,
the Pzincesses Sopn,A and AMELIA, attended by
Lady J. THYNNE, General GAR ra and Mr. GRE-.
VIL LE, took an airing on horseback in the neighbour-
hood of Great Ealing.
Her MAJESTY and the Princess ELiza ems fol-
lowed in a sociable.
The Roy AL Parry called at the Earl of GA
Lowav's, and viewed the garden and pleasure
grounds.
-Yesterday morning, at eleven o'clock, Sir EVAN
NEPRAN had an audience of Lord lii.neoweV at
his Office; and, in a short time after, had an audi-
ence of Mr. PITT, at his house in Downing-street.
Yesterday, at one o'clock, a Cabinet Council was
held at Mr. PITT'S house.

Sir SICON6Y Sorra arrived yesterday evening, be.
tweet; five and six n'clrsck, at THOMAS'S Hotel,
Berkley.squate, from Dover.
Le:teas from Dover confirm the accounts of
the enemy's preparations on the opposite coast being
in a state of completion ; but it does not appear that.
any particular movement has taken place among the
menacing flotillas since Saturday last.
Yesterday morning arrived a mail from Jamaira,
brought to Falmouth by the (bittN Chari44k, in
seven weeks.

Dispatches were on Wednesday received from
Rear-Admiral COCURAHE, off Ferrol, which were
f irwarded by a messenger to Lord MELYILLU, at
Wimbledon.

The Portuguese Minister, Chevalier Altana°,
lately returned to Spain from St. Petersburgh. At
the distance of one day's journey from Madrid, he
was attacked and sobbed BUN►AAITE seems de-
termined to know every circumstance he can learn
that is conneaed with Russia.
A new ship, of 98 guns, to be called the Bombay
Castle, is ordered to be built in the King's dock-
yard at Deptford.
The Belles', of 74 guns, is undergoing a corn-
-10.:e repair at Portsmouth, preparatory to being
put in commission at that port.
Not a single proof has been adduced against any
of the alleged conspirators at Paris that can justify
their conviaion ; except against those who were
found in France without being erased from the list
of em' rants. The words uttered by Moat au,
even if founded upon fair testimony, which they are
oat, and which he denies, might be uttered without
the least appearance of a treasonable design ; nor is
one evert as even charged against him.
A Private Letter from the Have, of June 14, says:
—4, Forgeries are now the order of the day with the
French Emperor, and his Imperial Counsellors.
Forged English passes, and counterfeited Bank dol-
lars, have succeeded forged Bank Notes, forged
correspondence, and guineas of base metal. One
of our exclusive patriots was, last week, taken up at
Amsterdam for offering bad dollars. Upon him
was found a pass of Lord I lawkesbury, which, upon
examination, he acknowledged to have received at
Talleyrand's office, from one of Talleyrand's seem.
cries, and that he intended to go over to England
with the bad dollars, which he had bets permlttrd to
buy of a person of the mint at Brussels. Having
spent there more. money than he expeaed, he was
under the necessity of offering in Holland some
dollars, destined otherwise ere/alive& for England.
Claiming the acquaintance of the French Imperial
Ambassador here, the municitmlity at Amsterdam
informed his Excellency of the situation of his pr delft,
who ordered him to be released, that be may con-
tinue his journey to Embden, or Hambutgh.'

The Committee of the House of Commons, in
their Report upon the current coin, and the ex-
change of Ireland, say; that the copper coinage it
so defeetive in Ireland, th..t it appears there is nos
4 mint half-penny in circulation. The Committee,
therefore, if it shall be thcatgtit expedient to equa-
lise the currency, by making the shillings con•
tain only twelve pence, submit the advantage
of doing so, if it could be accomplished with
due regard to other circumstances, before a new
copper cainage shall take place; and the mak-
ing the copper penny, halfpenny, and farthing of
England, equally current in Ireland, as the silver
shining or golden guinea ; and to abstain from coin-
ing any copper with any separate device, or under
any separate weight or description for Ireland.

The Bth Battal'on of Reserve, now in Ireland,
having had an opportunity of volunteering for ge-
neral service; the n:en came forward with that ar-
dour and seal which so eminently charaCterise the
British charafter. The major part inlisted into the
23d regiment of f,ot ; but it is unfortunate, that the
greatest part of those who came forward were re-
jetied, as being under tae standard appointed f r
regiments of the Inc 1 ! Surely, at a moment like
the present, the foolery of stature ought to b. di -
regarded. In filet, for many purposes, litee men
are preferable to tall ones.

LOYAL NORTH BitlioNS. jj •

On Wednesday last the LoYir North Briton{
were inspeded in Hyde Park by Lieutenant Colonel
Jenkinson, who was pleased to express in strong
terms his high ,approhattion of the discipline and Itli,
litary appearance of the corps. Hu .had oily to
regret that they were so few in nurnher, but It g;ive
him great satisfaction to find them so wird anst ex-
pert in their military manoeuvres. Yesterday UN_
tenant Thomas Hamilton, of the first Wet:di:in
company, gave an elegant breakfast at the Crown
and Anchor Tavern ;n the Strand, t!., all the !vire l.
b;?rs of his Company, and several officers and pri-
vates belonging to other Companies, previous to his
leaving the Loyal North Britons, in order to :h—
-eist of a Commission in the Regular army. On
that occasion, a valuable and handsome sword, with
a suitable ioscription,was presented to him, as a stm,•;
mark of the estegn and regard which all the indi-
viduals of the Celnpany bore towardi him for the
great attention he had paid them, and the concern
he had taken in the geheral welfare of the Corps;
The d,•liv,:rr of this sword be a Private of his Com-
pany* t.lt:puted so to dolly others) was accni-
panied with a suitable address; in answer to whiclis
Lieut. Hamilton made a short, hot appropriate
speech, expresSive of the gratitude he felt for the
favour they had thus conferred upon him, the ple:ts-
ing remembrance of which, he hoped, would operate
as an encouragement to bins in the hour of danger to
employ it effedually in the defence of his Kini;
Country.

ORIGINAL POETRY.

IMPROMPTU.
Tilt PAIWTER'S INSTRUCTIOKS.

Pint of all, Mr. Painter, draw her beautiful time;
And then mark the lustre that beams from her eye ;
Ne.xt those cheeks which resemble the btooas of the rose;
And that Tweet little mouth, which coo eannut watwis.

Then with faithfulness paint her lemons of snow,
And those ringlets of hair which carelessly tiuw
And, lastly, Ih4 ferns which e'en Envy oust say,
So etiti,ely carries the laurel away.

Lasts. lime, 11104.

ROBERTUS.

The Earl of Moms, with his suite, set off on
Monday morning from Edinburgh for Lomunt.
The Rev. Dr. HAY Dauumosn, uncle to the
present Earl of KINWOUL, is appointed Ciai lain in
Ordinary to His MAJESTY.
WALTER Wu. Fat. 1.. Esq. has been called to
the bar by the Hon. Society of the Middle Temple.
Earl Firzwut.t.i A M yesterday gave a splendid
dinner to a 'cleft party of politica! friends. including
Earl S2ENCER, the Etrl of CARSAR VO,l the ERII of
CA R VSSORT, Lord GaEsviLLE, Lord R. SPSNCgt,
General FITZPATRICIC, Mr. Fos, Mr. T. Ga
vi LI. E. Mr. WINDHAM, Mr. GREY, Mr. EL LlO To &et

The D tarn of MA lit boitotsatt will give a graqd
breatfast this day at Sionhill. Above three hun-
dred persons of the first distinCtion are invited, in-
cluding the Prince of WA Les, the Duke of Kest, &c.
Lady Vit.t.tras has exaetly the start of her fair
sister, Lady Boatsonoo, by the length of the
Honey Moon.

In the list of the recent arrivils at Bath are,

Lady Fenn, Lad. Huntin dfield, Hon. Miss Hamilton, Hon.
Captain King, Sir G. J.ne.g, Sir 1•1114 *ad Ltd] Ad.
niiral and Mrs WDonald, Liespenant Culane! Ruasley, Rev.
Dr. and Mrs. gran, Dr. Halifax, Dr. and Mrs Bad lona, De.
Moore, Rev. Mr. Od!ander, Rev. Mr. Parrott ties. Mr. and
Mna O'Dannoghue, Rev. d Bowles, Rey. J. I lill, Ca .t. and
Oinuace, Capt. Clark, Capt. Rurally, Capt. aiil Mrs E.
Buller, aid Capt. Junes.

Bridgeuorth Races commenced yesterlay. A.
numerous company and much sport were expedied.

Mr. and Mrs. Fox were at Vauxhall on Wednes-
day night.
Mr. PITT stands in great need of a posse of Doc-
tors to cure his r0,,11.05u lye majority.
It must be admitted, by even the m )st outrage•
ously virtuous and demure, that Mr. PITT'S De-
fence Bill is the first brat of his own begetting that
he ever lest upon th-pru•i4A.
_ _

. - -
Mr. PIT T;s majority. like the combination of
boot-closers, is a mixture of odds and crag, tops and
totfomA.

lderman CURTIS is preparing to leave town.
whEth, he says, is now as hot as an oven, and would
clan leave hint as dry as a biscuit after an East India
voyage.
Mr. PITT has, no doubt, arrived at majority, but
it is of rather a dwaris4 size.
To add to the interest and variety of Mrs. CRICI•
PIONV*S public breakfast to-morrow, she has inti-
mated a wish that the Ladies shall come in groupesi
each groupe to be dressed in a particular co:twat..
The watering places begin to fill, not a pace, but
at a full canter, gallop, or seven knots an hour, :A
wind, weather, hoys, and hackneyc oaches, will pr.-
mit them.—Margate is all alive, and already teem-
ing with company.
'The ladies are all expeeted at the Duchess of Di,
TORSHIRL% breakfast next week, at Chiswick, is
onf and bine.
We arc sorry to find the charming Duchess Lt
VA LLIRRI in so many hands. Her Grace is Li:cc..:a:
quite t:annon u; nn the town.
As I, CUPID has turned nfinstrer,' he must b.t
great enemy to breed marches.
Parties never ran en high among the lalleit at.
present, since the mentorabk eleetion for West-
minster in 1787.

There bring no I.4Cfpenctor rifer in Dublin, CI
poor tabbies are obliged to play cards for karts.
The Duke of Cuss aSR L A NO'S Sharp Shooters
received orders to march out of town upon perm,
nent duty : they will start on Sunday morning, ah.-1
proceed to Epping Forest.

A Correspondent, who remembers the buldiag tf
Prior-Park house, near Bath, and the pkantaziens r :
the numerous firs around, laments the injudicious rt •
moval of them. Mr. ALLEN'S enlarged mind and :.••
tentions were to plant for posterity, and posterity 6.
a right to remove them when in a state of perfeai
Yet in the disposal of them, it is a pity but a reserv.:
part of them WASS( i ptilated fvr, to rr main incareless
scattered clumps of various size:. and the betsvern
only taken away. This would not only he a.pleasn'g
and sweet variety to town and country, but would it
the same time point out a part vi the land beloN;x4
to the es. Ate.

JACQUES ALVCIS TiiSTRIOT,
Joke of eh: Carui Al and Spkial Tribunal of the Eti.pa tment
elate before whom 04gteau, Piz.ltrg 4. Gzarvs, Se.
were privArly examined.

Most of the men employed by Bonaparte as in-
strums:Ws to entrap and condemn the pretended
conspirators, whom he regards as personal rivals, or
as enemies to his usurpation, are the very same Irani
n•:10 plotted the destrudion of monarchy in 179 t ;
C Ml 3 terrorist, in the name of liberty,
;,ad who plundered, while they extolled equality,
daring the years 179% 1793, and 1794 and whose
crimes were so notorious, that, since the death of
Robespierre, none of his successors, except Bona-
parte, has stooped to associate with charaaers, cor-
rupted as well as atrocious. The Judke Thurior, and
Cut Police Direaor Real, are both of this description.
loth were, in 1789, advocates of the Parliament ;

both were disgraced by nefarious aetions ; both were
despised by their superiors and shunned by their
equals; and both, therefore, became flaming pa-

tre.ta, and as such joined in rebellion.
Theriot was, on the 14th ofJuly, 1789, one of the
Eleams of Paris ; and, on the 10th of September,
1791, chosen a deputy to the Legislative Body for
the department of Marn, in which place he chewed
himself one of the most violent and bitter enemies
of his King, and of Monarchy. He was, at the same
time, one of La Fayette's persecutors, whose imbe-
cile and lukewarm patriotism displeased him. In
March, 1792, he provoked measures of rigour to-
wards the emigrants, and threatened, in case el
an opposition, an insurreßion of the people at
Paris. On the 25th of May, he declaimed
against religion, and against the clergy, " whom
b: desired, for the relfare of manliad, at the 4et-
-I,ni of the sea." In July he ascended every day
the tribune to calumniate his King and to blaspheme
his God. On the 2Gth he proposed to declare the
cJuntry in danger, and the permanency of the Pa-
risian sections. After the 10th of August he be-
came the interpreter of the insurreflion munici-
pality, caused domiciliary visits, and a revolutionary
tribunal to be decreed, and defended the massacres
t,f prisoners in September, because this sumniniln
of the 4overript trope was necesrary for the Inlay
of the country, as the Pie of liberty could ne-...er flag/WA
• hein; continually inundated with the blood of
Ari,:ocrote, and ober enemi, of the rerolutian. Eleaed
a Member of the National Convention, he continued
faithful to his former ferocious principles ; and,
during the trial of the virtuous and unfortunate
Louis XVI. he daily called for the destruetion of
this good prince. On the 12th of December he
demanded that the typoot Cepa should le judged,
and mesa the watfold erithie three
the same day he was appointed one of the Con.
vcntional Commissaries, sent to the Temple, to
ask Linis XVI. the names of those counseP.ors
whom he chose for defenders. On the 18th l'huriot
announced in the Jacobin Club, That if the Nations!
Convention ecuwed any signs of clemency, he would go
blew out4_ll .1t
hisudf to the Temple, and
Cog, for whose death he, of course, voted in Ja-
nuary 1797. Always a partisan of violent and
oppressive measures ; this friend of liberty caused, in
March, a law concerning passes to be decreed,to which
free Frenchmen are still so subjea, that they dare
not walk in the Erects without a pass in their pocket.
In May, he denounced all bankers and merchants as
incorribl,: aristocrats; and, as a punishment, moved,
that they should immediately be obliged to pay a
forced loan of one million. In June, he was made
a Member of the Committee of Public Safety,
" where" (according to La &vomit d'elnredote,,
page 345), "having appropriated to himself 500,000
hares in assignats, deposited there, and belonging to
arrested persons, he was turned out by Roberspierre,
and escaped the guillotine, only by assisting this re-
publican tyrant in sending his revolutionary antago-
nists, the Rrissotines, to prison and to death. During
the remaining part of Roberspierre's reign, Thurio:
was his assiduous valet, but remained silent in the
National Convention, from fear of exposing himself
to the opposing &Elio's. After Roberspierries exe-
cution, he became the official defender of Barrere,
d'Herbois, and their Republican accomplices,
who. doting eighteen months, had condemned more
innocent persons to be guillotined, shot, and drown-
ed, than had perished, during the monarchy, for
the fourteen preceding centuries.
In February 179.5, Le Gendre accused him in the
National Convention of being chief of the terrorists,
aster whose defeat by Pichegru, in the insurreaion
Cu the I st of the following April, he was ordered first
to be arrested, and afterwards to be outlawed, as,
on that day, one of the principal plotters for restor-
ing the reign of terror. He remained concealed
urtil the amnesty of this Assembly it Wilber per-
t-a:led him agaio to fraternise with his former as-
sociates. The revolution effefted by Bonaparte in
1799, found him without bread as well as without a
conscience, steady to perpetrate the same enormities
annulling • throne for an usurper as he bad already
committed for anr.ihiLeting that of bis lawful love-
teifiu.
