*Melt cast imputations on iodiinlualrr wildismt si-
multaneously laying before the House whatever
they might have originally urged iu their defence.
If there were any particular document which be
was desirous of inspecting. it would be better to
make a *per ific motion for it. than. by a general
nrutiori, to call for a variety of papers.
Alter a few words from Mr. lltoww and Mr.
Witazaroace, the mutiou was agreed to.

be attended with rhingerods consequences." That
this was the almost univeteal opinion in Doiiii-
nice, the stetruiesit he bid merle placedheyotid a
doubt. There existed In Votninice, as well as in
*pule other of the West India Islands, abet was
called • pa Me chair—rastrowd to which Alyea were
obliged to perform the hardest labour'. It was
supposed that by law a master hiel I right
if he pleased to send his slave to this public chain,
to be employed. as a convict, if his conduct Were
displeissiag, in the most severe and laborious dudes.
lie understood that the coinlition of some of those
usilitippy creatures, gills, fur iiistailee, of tender
years, was so deplorable, that the Colouial Govern-
ment weer diapo4ed to extend to them the Hopi-
mercy. This difficulty, however, was opposed to the
fislfilsueut of that intention. It was said, that
though the Governor, as representative of the
Crown, might pardon person condemned to punish-
meet For their crime,, yet he had no right to inter-
fere where the toaster, for an offence, of which
he alone was the judge, Chore to consign his
slave to the public chain. On this subject,.
the Governor required Lila opinion of the At-
torney-General of the island—and he, in his
written opinion, stated, that the Governor had
110 authority in such cameo. Thus persons con-
demned by this domestic tribUnal, without judicial
inquiry, might remain subject to this horrible op.
premium all their lives, unless their masters thought
proper to pardon them. While St. Uoniiiigo was
under the old French Goverument, the same system
prevailed, and the greatest abuses were practised
under it. lii 1780, the French Governor pub-
lished a specific reguletion on the subject. That
regulation set forth—" That the Governor bring
iuforined that several farmers, to avoid paying the
expense of curing their iiegroes of diseases, sent
them to the public gaols, amid hail them affixed
to the public chain, be forbad the gaolers of
the prisons to admit any slave, until he had bete
examiued by the King's surgeon." The author of
a well-known work on the West Indies hes given a
most correct and a most afflicting account of the
sufferings of those poor wretches who are attached
to the public chain. " The origin." said he, "of
the chain is this : —Run.aways, and negroes fJund
wandering, who canuot give an account of them-
selves, sometimes from their inability to weak Eng-
lish, are taken up and placed in the workhouse,
where the treatment is so bad, that slaver are often
sent theme, by their masters and mistresses, as a place
of punishment. 1 have seen nearly 100 of them fisted
to the same chaiu, employed iu the removal of rub-
bish, and other revere labour. The chain is fined
round the leader, and is carried round the bodies of
those who follow him. Between each individual
a sufficient space is left to enable him to walk
without treading on the heels of the person who
precedes him. As soon as the chain is fixed, the
workhouse doors are thrown open, and those
poor creatures are driven out, by a negro, and
sometimes by a white driver. They set out at a
brisk walk, nearly • trot. For some time, the
dread of the whip makes them keep the chain strait,
and free from curve—but
‘• Nahum expellee farce tames =gee reeerret t`
they begin, at length, to lag—the weaker is
thrown down by the stronger—and the driver Ands
it frequently impossible to preserve any thing like
regularity amongst them." The Learned Gentle-
mall was anxious that the facts he bad stated should
be brought decidedly before the House—for
what purpose, it was not for him, at the present
moment, to say. He knew not what remedy could
be applied to such evils—but he felt that some re-
medy, and a speedy one, ought to be devised. De
could not couceive any arrangement that would be
effectual which depended on persons whole property
was intimately connected with the islands. The
only remedy likely to produce the desired effect
was that suggested by Mr. Burke, its the plait
published in his poeiliumous works. He re-
commended, that the Attorney-General in each of
the islands, should be obliged to inspect the con-
dition of slaves—that it should be made an men-
tial part of his duty to iuterpose in their behalf.
Such a plan as this, by which it would become the
duty of the Attorney-General to exit aaa it ie .into the
situation of slaves, would take away from his in-
terference that odioas character which was slow
ascribed to it. It was objected, against any inter-
ference with the internal situation or the colonies,
that the British Legislature bad no power, accord-
ing to the spirit of the Constitution, to make laws
for their regulation. Bat it had already been
dune. In messy instances, the British Legislature
had framed laws for the West Indies. But, lie
conceived, it was a perfect mockery to advert
to the British Constitution, when arguing on such
a subject. To talk of persona not being bound
by laws, which were not framed by themselves or
their representatives--to introduce such pinciples
for the purpose of applying these to the state of
society ist the West Indies—was completely falla-
cious. If they did speak of the British Constitu-
tion, they must take the whole of it—they must
admit, that, under it, all men stood alike in the eye
of the law. The moment a slave put his foot so
the English shore, he became free. Could there
then be a snore unfortunate topic, for those who,
speaking of the Constitution of this country, knew
it was opposed to slavery of every kind ? If
they possessed the British Constitution in the
West Indies, it would have the effect of destroy-
ing the whole frame of society there—fur slavery
was incompatible with it. The laws passed in Do-
minica, nu long time since, for the purpose of en-
cuuragiug the suanutnisaiou of slaves, had not been
attended to. A slave bore Oil the INIUIIII was obliged
to pay IW. 10s. for his manumission—and those
not born on it were obliged to pay 354 A titan of
colour, though a freeman of another Wage!, be-
came, law, a slave, if lie did not pay a tax im-
mediately (inlaid arrival at Dominica. The law by
winch thus was enacted was passed in Jane, 1810.
It stated, thud " No person of colour, cusuitig
from another island or colony, is entitled to Isis
freedom, unless be produce a certificate and
Pay a certain tax." This was the enactment
of those whu talked of the British Consti-
tution. A slave once landed on the British
coast became a freeman—but a free man of colour,
it appeared. the instant he touched the soil of DO.
unitive, became a slave. By another law, any slave
who came to the island, if not claimed by pia
master, within • certaiu time, was "Old for the be-
('edit of the public. The whole of there laws were
foundcd on a principle 4/metrically opposite to

OF SLAVES.

Sir S. Rostist.v said, he rose to make the mo-
tion of which, • few evenings since, lie had given
notice, in order that the House might authentically
be put in possession of certain information that had
come to leis knowledge, with respect to the condi.
lion of slaves in the West Indies. They had often
been told of efforts made by persons in the Colo-
toes. for the purpose of ameliorating the condition
of the slave population. But of what avail were
Taws, if they were not carried into effect ? He be-
lieved, his statement would clearly prove. that the
laws which had been made in the Colonial Assets-
blies, for the relief of the slaves, had not been act-
ed on. It was very possible, that, in the course of
the facts he should detail to the House, some
in-
accuracy might be pointed out; but lie hoped be
would not, therefore, fall wider the censure of the
Gentlemen. opposite, since he had takes, the utmost
pains to make himself acquainted with the truth.
If, therefore, any iutorrectuels were observable, lie
could conscientiously my, that he was perfectly
innocent of willingly promulgating it. He would
not, on this or any other occasion, advance what
the Honourable Gentleman (Mr. Goulburn), de-
nominated iuflameamory statements. He should
rather under-rate, instead of exaggerating the in-
formation which he bail received. There were
already some papers before the House. con-
nected with this subject—but he was anxious that
all the evidence which could be obtained should
be submitted so Parliament. The documents to
which he alluded he had moved for late in the lust
Session. They were important, hut they did not
embrace the whole question. He had so worded
his motion, for the production of the other papers,
as. iu his opinion, to leave no ground fur objecting
to it. His motion would be " for copies and ex-
tracts of certain papers in the office of the Secre-
tary of State for the Colonial Department,"
leaving it, of course, to the proper officer to select
such documents, or parts of documents, the pro-
duction of which would not injure the public ser-
vice. He should now proceed to a detail of the
facts which induced him to submit this proposition
to the House. In the spring of the year 1817,
several cases came before the Grand Jury of Demi.
nice, in which it appeared that great cruelty had
been exercised on the persons of slaves, by their
masters. One of the individuals iudicted had, it
appeared, brought some of his slaves to trial, for
au offence, of which, if they were convicted, they
would have been subjected to • punishment of
39 lashes. The slaves were, however, acquitted—
but, notwithstanding this, their master took them to
the public market-place. and there caused to be
inflicted on them, by his uwu will and pleasure, that
punishment, which, if they had been found guilty,
they would have suffered, under the law. The
Attorney-General of the island preferred an indict-
ment against the individual for this arbitrary mud
tyrannical act. It was supported by witnesses, and
the Grand Jury were almost equally divided on the
subject of finding the bill-10 being for it. and It
against it. A second case, where a master had been
guilty of cruelty to his female slave, the Attorney-
General thought it necessary to bring before a Grand
Jury. In this case the arm of the slave was broken.
Here also the bill was thrown out. A third case
of cruelty was also sent before them—but with uo
better success than the two former. the Grand
Jury were not, however, content with merely igitoring
those bills--they presented, as a nuisance, generally,
their preferring bills aguiust masters for ill-treat-
ment of their slaves. they did so iu these words
" The Grand Jury have further to present the
dangerous consequences which are now threatening
to arise. from the number of indictments preferred
against masters, for the unmerited punishment of
their slaver, without eery evidence whatever." Now
the fact was, the indictments were supported by
evidence—sod, in one instance. that iu which au
individual was indicted for pureirrhiog uegroes who
had been legally acquitted of the offence alleged
against them, the evidence was so strong, that the
Grand Jury were divided in their opinion. The
Attorney-General then had recourse to the power
which, by law, he possessed, of Ming criminal
informations--conceiving it not right to trust a
(;rand Jury with accusations of this nature.
The whole of the offences for which he had filed his
informations were within the legal enact nieuts agreed
to by the Legislature of Dominica. On that point
no doubt could be entertained. Contrary to express
enactments, the masters sgainst whom informations
were tiled, had placed iron collars and chains on
their slaves, sod had compelled them to work
with those manacles on their bodies. The cases
were all clearly proved—but the Defendants
were, tuitwithstanding.acquitted. What, he would
ask, . must the state of that country be, where, for
the security of the population, it war found sever.
airy to give up that which was here looked upon as
the great safeguard of the people, and to have re-
course to criminal informations, which were always
viewed with the utmost jealousy ? The Guild
Jury, after these acquittals. thought proper to
make Is second presentment, un the danger.
sus consequences of prosecuting masters for
the conduct they made use of towards their
sluves—but the Court would not receive it. In
thut document, the Grand Jury said, " There was
ass improper interference. on the part of the Execu-
tive, betweeu masters and their slavcs,wl.ich crested
discontent amongst the uegroes—and, if persevered
in, was likely to lead to the worst consequences."
Under such circumstances, to whom was it, but
to the Government itself, that the slave could
look for support ? 11'llo else could perform that
sacred duty, when his master, who ought to
protect, oppressed him ? %Vito else could be
called un to assist him, when the public sym-
pathy was poured forth, not for him. however cruel
his treatment, but for Isis master, wino inflicted on
him that cruelty ? There was a general concurrence
of opinion in the Yet India Islands, that nothing
was snore improper than to interfere between toaster
and slave. It was considered highly improper
su itself, and, es the Grand Jury said, " likely to

fled sefti.:tiforMeil the b.. 1, of the H.itish eongitu- bileh conduct es hod been imputed to the pnrif a
Jibe Abolition Act had pasted, every accused. hail await beer, opopios., Ow the
temptutiou alieuld be given to mititustemi ~,,, iittiesitl best terrier we could 'ruder the i•istintly was to
of obstacles' being thrown in its way. Fur tl gls sliew a fixed and tooted uSertion to the species of
no wont could eutertitist the idea freeing all the misconduct alleged ',gaunt the mot-% now tic-
slaves in the West Indies, yet the time might come, eased.--(Hour.)—He id Id, tllt'trlUlt'i abiSClll to
however distant, wise,' there would he nu Slavery the Motion before the House.
there.—(//cur./—That event woad newt safely Mr. SMITH hoped touch good might he eH'eted
be produced by gradual inonsuni.tims, by educe. , by the conception ou the pat of the Hight Ilon.
lion, by impr• i
wane the eoltatton of the slaves, and 'Gentleman opposite, this evenissg. Ile was Maly
encouragnio marrolget ionoepg them. The whole I to bear it admitted front 3411141 14010 Ilathatity, that
spirit of the laws lie had quoted was completely the state of society as. eo nwrh 14,111. e its the lesser
toutiary to this—they went to render the I then io the I"I'"-111"1 "'elrl India I-14"115. It amts
state of slavery perpettiel. With respect to those 1 • ~,,, e sstisfatlime however, to hear that suanumiss 111 l
laws, which looked so well on ;paper—which ap- bud !wets frollitated, nod a qualiff•mion Introduced
peered "tire well calculated to benefit the tlave Ito- limier which the Oridesire of the thive ?might Ire
pulation:-they not only Were tint executed, but rendered admissible in Cornet* of Law. Still it was
were never intended to be cannel intl. effect. On a subjer•t wherein there existed use sienegemt
this point, the okeervation contented in a dispatch say for the vigilant interproition of the !louse from
from Governor Prevmt in Marquis Cutetilent writ- time to lime. a view to introdui e u stem of
ten ht January, 1805, affinded very anew evi- Iteetualient
deuce. Governor Prevost there says—" The Act I Mr, Al. GRANT objetted to the inetences
for ,encouraging the better goie 11111 l eist of tlavet. which had bees, %sleeted to eseiliplity the teite of
lately passed in Domitsica, apiwors to have been I society in the %Vett Indira, or all 11,111.11M0111111 Olt
considered, from the day it was passed, till this the part of the ciamensts to relieve tie grirs,atires
hour, us a political ineesure, to prevent the inter- i the slave poptilution:‘ He demeemed tektite; this
ference of the mother country in the maintaessient ease of these little i-land*, one of which did not pro-
of deem" facts which he had slated were, he duce inure that 1,000, the other LIAM liegslieseis
an extremely clear illustration of this of sugar, as illustrative of the thee of all tin). e
statement. lint it should be recollected, thaf,though I islands ; whilst Jeanine', Movie rredneim:, 0p.% sr,ls
those unfortunate beings were the slaves of their of 230.060 liogvheads, hall not been introduced
neuters. they were also the subjects of the King. as furnishing any g rd of etithplaiiit.
They woad be imuished, noire severely than could never be contetoled' to lire it lair statement
others, if they violated the limit—and by those of things as they existed) nor could totes a de.
laws they ought to be protected, as the oilier sub- fictive investigation of the subject justify such out
jscts of the King were. The cusses he had mem. interference between master and &errant. In fact.
Dotted were introduced not to thew the listings of from his own persona knowledge, he could deny
individuals, but to poster what eat the getieral test- the accuracy of the statement of the alleged emu.
timent of the entire y. House would linty of punishment. It was the practice w cases
recollect that the case of Me. Iluggius had been of delinquency. and adjudged punishment, to wink
noticed on • former occasion. That individual still at the escape of the uhi tincture% share, for the pur-
continued to he a person of great opulence. in- pose of atm-ding bins ass opportunity of repairing
flitence, and consideration in the island of Nevis. to some well-known person is, the sertglibuoiliorel,
He was formerly brought to trial for cruelty to his to obtain a ticket us to character, or on the score
own slaves—•,,d lie was lately indicted for cruelty of humane interference) width if he obtuilied from
to the slaves of 'mother. A gentleman of the name the clergyman, or a sintgistrate of the district,
of Cottle, on his departure front Nevis, appointed found it earl to eremite the imPeadlag
Mr. Huegine to act as his ;mortify. He went one The advasitages of this practice, in atl Wand of
day to the estate of Isis principal, and ordered two 130 miles its length, was obVioulo whet, it was nut
young lads, who were accused ,if having received so very remittable to obtain an interview with the
a pair of stockings that were stolen--and who lout Attorney-General, who might he distant from the
never hem, punitshell before—to be visited with 100 particular plucr one hundred miles or more. The
lasheseach—although where any law existed on the I Hon. Gentleman opposite lied considered the ease
subject in the islands, 39 Woe was the utmost of these islands as applicable to all the %Vest
extent of punishment that was permitted. This he India blonds, and as it was is case in %Melt not
did, of his own will, without the interposition of only the colonies but this country wait much inlets
any Magistrate. Two female sleeve were present— rested, it would, no doubt, be given at considerable
one the sister, the other a more diploma relation of length, and with peculiar enspbutis and einbelltsite
one of the lads. They could not suppress their meat, by the reporters in the Gallery,tz-(Criei efts
feelings.-and, for sin other offence, but because " tlrder ! order!")—lt was true the slave was lie-
they shed tears. Mr. Huggins ordered thrum to be ble to a punishment by lathes, but why iiisist upon
laid down, mid on one of them were ii.flicted the term curt-whip so emphatically ? 'Slaves were
twenty, All the ether thirty lashes, by his coin- liable to be trausporteil,c•infieed its the Work-house.
mend. Ile was brought to trial by the senior atifl when employed in the public wttrka chained
Kiag's Cillitaft•l for these acts—and he was acquit- together. He had teen them thus employed repair.
ted. Such a state of thisigv ought nut to be suf- tug the roads, which was but light work, mid he had
feral to exist—and he hoped the Legislature would u imugitied they had been chained together rather fur
exert themeelver seriously to remedy it. The the purpose of giving them air—(A laugh )—vvitti.
Learned Gentleman then read the opinion of the out danger of ruffling; away, rather thau its a mode
Attorney-Genera of the ;sista of Monaca, in au- of puttishuseitt. mod what was mere tensarkable,
• ewer to the query of the Governor, " Whether he he had frequently known them to entreat they
had it right to emancipate slaves sent to the public might receive the punishment of thirty-nine tribe.,
chum by their foamier* ?" 'flue answer was, " Thut rather than be exposed to cotilinerueist duping one
slaves condemned by their masters to work its chains night in the stocks.
oil the public works, could not be set free by the Mr. A. BROWN was surprised to find the great
Executive Power." lu conclusion the Learned talents of Hon. and Leurned Gentlemun should
Gentleman moved— have been employed to give a colour to those pro.
That an humble Address he presented to the Prince eeedings in these colonies, which they in their um.
Regent, praying that he will he pleased to give direction* ture did not possess, tied which had unfairly heels
that there he kid hrfore this Hnutte, Copies or Extracts of stated to be a wimple or the administration of
all Dispatches, Letter% and Puller% in the Office of the justice throughout all the West bolts colonies.
Secretary of State fur die Hume Department, relative to the
came of Jean' Baptiste Louis Blilincait, Alexander Betty, Ise case alluded to had been one of theft, cons-
anti John Curry, against whoa Bills of Intlietn3ent were pre- mined by one slave, and secreting of the goods
feared by the Asturney-General of Dominica—together with stolen by two others. The Indictment, had been
the presentment of the Grand Jary of the said Wand, of found by the Grand Jury, and filially they were
4th of rebruary,lBl7, and Hoy subsequeut preseutment, re- sentenced to et ceive a hundred lashes, in come,-
sperting any es itchy exercised au Slaves in the said Island
metier of the cntifesaiun of the flair, and finding
in the month of February, 1817. Also any Document re-
time property on his accomplices. So lightly had
seeding the right of Masters in the said Maud to consign
their Slaves to bard labour in chains—and she power the these uegrees estimated the punishment, that two
Governor may have, by virtue Of Me Royal Prerogative, to of them went, a couple of nights after, to :a negro
rescue them from such situation." masquerade, where they figured in the clieracteis of
Mr. GOULOURN said, it could ndb be expected Bonaparte and the Duke of Wellingtose The
by Gentlemen • ected with the West India conviction did not, or could not, subject Alr, Hug-
island*, that lie stood there to defend any cases gins, the agent its the afar, to a charge oh severity.
which, Hon. slentbers might advance against The *wort', too, who had been punished, were pu-
tlsern—but he hoped Gentlemen would lie particu- wished not for uttering cries or tears of broom, but
Why careful to guard their minds from the nu- cries or tears of obstinacy---(Hour, mad a latigh,)—
pressiun which statements of this nature were cal- wills a view to prevent the execution of Ilse ten-
carted to snake, before they were thoroughly ex- truce on the offenders. It *humid also be recollect-
minified and examined. Ile would appeal to all ell, Mr. Huggins had been tried, end the esti:ounce
those acquainted with the West Indiev, whether of the Attorney-Geueral of Dominica vait•ited to
there was 'tot, in the larger islands, a mauifest conduc't the prostentiots, notwithslatiding which he
(hill...mice, not with reference to legal enactments bad been sequined.
relative to slaves, but with respect to the general Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH—After the notoriety
feeling towards the slave populetion, from that which this Huggins laud obtained in ihnt
which prevailed in those of a soimaller compass. Its fur barbarity and maltreatment of slaves, it Was idle
the liege Wands, the itnprovetneuts in agriculture to say that Mr. Cottle, the proprietor of the estate,
had rendered the labour of Aire slaves much had not been excessively to blame its amen% ouch
lighter than it formerly was. In the island of a supervisor over his slaves. A t _esitionisiel all to
Jamaica, it was well known, that slaves ac- Iluggins's character, from inch a proprietor, coned
quirefl considerable property. Nally cases had only terve to prove they were both retaken alike in
occurred, where slaves, having ainitssed money by the common guilt. If the lion. Member had to
their industry, purchased their freedom. An Hon. little sympathy for the feeling.* of the womeit also
Member (Mr.. Barham) stated that
.lie b.-d himself witnessed the barbarous punishment of those youths,
purchased property from an individual, who had ac- as to denominate their tears, not tears of sorrow host
quired it in a state of elaverj—aisd uo man, he be- tear. of obst. •y, hr would refuted hint, ha.l they
hewed, was better acquainted with the %Vest Indies been even yells of horror at the atrocity of the
thou lie was. The Hun. 'Wernher then proceeded to transaction of the melancholy sentiment of the
advert to the Grand Jury pr, sentmetits, winds the illustrious 'Roman historian), who lied, uu a similar
Learned Mover hod noticed. He stated that, its fact, occasion, been quoted by Mr. Pitt-.
but one presentment bad litre made. The beyond was Gemitus guidon popish
rejected by the Beech, mid never became • record " Ronwitii fit clasiso. pwim&'
of the Court. The manner in which the latter at- Unhappy, indeed, must be the situation of a colony
tempt was received by the Court, proved that those where such conduct could lie tolerated as might
who presided there (funny of them Members of the resider the quotation a fit comment mi their con.
House of .Assembly), felt au anxiety' to thew, that dition; but when the defepce of such atioeitets
characters outlined the natbre tied fsettstes of a
they were by no means fovourarle to the former
Prevellttocul. As to the smitten itself, lie begged to pailegvric• in a British House of C 1111 l mon*. thee,
observe, that. when cases of this kind were tratiatuit- indeed, he mast say it asoreit rue the
ted from the colonies, nothing but the todictruesits state of public feeling in this country. But
against the parties, she evidence given in support no man could hear of the conduct of the
of thesis. and the result. way petit home. No re-
cord of the evidence for the accused was forwarded Grand Jary of the island, in pretenting as It am..
sauce the indictments of the Attorney-Generul
to this country. Aud it was quite clear that they sgainst masters who had ill-treated their slaves,
could nut coma to any correct deoi
sP" on such owls without reflecting how little such seen knew of the
unless they had the whole of the facts before them. best principles of the Beitith Constitution-.
11' itle respect to the remainder of the Hon. Gristle- Nulti negabimme, multi veinleettus vet differeasus,
trustee remarks, he could assure him lie lead as little a Justioarn aut retrain."
ditposition as ally war in that Haute to vitidiate in roaming such an ins aestl the Jury had violated
