TI-l.

ployments there; which alone would have mighty influence urn 1
many of the nobility and principal gentry." • • • •
I have often imagined that something parallel to the office ci
Cersors anciently in Rome. would be of m glity use among us,
and could be easiiy limited froto running into any esorbitanees.
The Hoinans urderatood liberty at least as well aa we, were as
jealous of it, 'and upon every occasion as bold assertors. Yet I
do out remember to have read ary great complaints of the abuses
in that office among them ; hut many admirable effects of it are
I left upon record. There arc several pernicious vices frequent
at:d notorious among us, that escape or elude the punishment of
any law we have yet invented, or have had no law at all against
them: such as Atheism, drunkenness, fraud, avarice, and save-
ral others ; which by this institution, wisely regulated, might be
much reformed. Suppose, fur instance, that itinerary Commis.
sioners were appointed to inspect everywhere throughout the king-
dom ii:to the cohduct (at least) of men in office, with respect to
their morals and religion, as well as their abilities, to receive the
complaints and informations that should be offered against them,
and make their report here upon oath, to the Court or the Ali_
ninety, who should reward or punish accordingly. I avoid en-
tering into the particulars of this or any other scheme, which,
coming trout a private hand, might he liable to litany defects.
but would soon bra digested by the wisdom of the nation. And
surely ai= thousand pounds a year would rot be ill laid out
among a many Commiasloners, duly qualified, who. in three
divisions, shotikl be personally obliged to take their yearly circuits
for that purpose."

After stating in further detail the arrangements he pro-
poses for carrying his Project into execution, the Dean dis-
covers the real purpose of his essay, by making the follow-
ing observations, with which we bliall conclude, recom-
mending our readers to turn the whole piece over again at
their leisure:—

•• The proposals I hare hitherto made for the advancement of
religion and morality, are such at come within reach of the Ad-
ministration ; such as a pious active Prince, with a steady resolu-
tion, might soon bring to effect. Neither am I aware of any ob-
jections to be raised against what I hare advanced, unless it *tumid I
be thought that the making religion a necessary step to interest
and favour might increase hypocrisy amongst us ; and I readily be-
here it would. But V one in twenty should be brought over to.,
true piety, by this or the like methods, and the other nineteen be
only hypocrite., the advantage would still be great." • •
All other projects to this great end hare proved hitherto in-
effectual. Laws against immorality have not been executed, and
proclamations occasionally issued out to enforce them, are wholly
unregarded as things of torm. Religious societies, though begun
with excellent intention, and by persons of true piety, are said, I
know not whether truly or not, to have dwindled into factious clubs,
and grown a trade, to enrich little knavish informers of the meanest
rank, such as common constables, and broken shopkeepers."

The Money Market was somewhat depressed during the
whole of yesterday morning. Consols for Money opened
at 93i. and closed at 4, and the sales at that price were far
from brisk. The Account Bargains were proportionably
dull ; at the opening they were done at 934 ; they after-
wards rose to j, but very soon declined to looking heavy
at the close. An absurd idea has got credit, that the Holy
Alliance must go to war with England, in consequence of
her recognition of the South American States. Idle as this
rumour must appear to every one who reflects upon it
coolly, no other cause was assigned for yesterday's heavy
markets. With the exception of the New Brazilian Scrip,
which was done at 4j, all Foreign Securities were rather
on the decline ; Greek Bonds were done at 37 ; Spanish
lilt; Brazilian Bands, 6821 ; Old Braziliak Scrip, l G ;
Buenos Ayres Bonds, 914 ; Colombian ditto, 1821, 9044;
Mexican, ; Portuguese, 891; Prusaials 100 i ;
French Bente', 10341.
The letters received from New York, dated Bth ult. state,
that no recent accounts had been received from Mexico.
The bills for the Mexican Loan were offered in the money
markets of the Union at God. per dollar, a high rate of
exchange, as the dollar is only worth 4s. 311., and by this
negociation ss. was obtained, taking the bills of the Lon-
don Contractors.
We saw letters from Pernambuco yesterday, that had
just arrived, but they brought nothing new, as communi-
cations. dated the 18th December, had been in town se-
veral days. These last letters were dated the 11th De-
eeinher.

The letters by the Martha, from Buenos Ayrea, arc not
of so recut a date by one day, as those that were brought
by the Flora. The former were dated the 12th. the latter
the 13th November. They all speak of that State being
in a most satisfactory condition, and her internal regula-
tions going on in a manlier that must gratify the most san-
guine expectation of the friends of South American inde-
pendence._

A smileless attempt seems to be making to produce a
belief that the Panama letter in the Bosiun Centime! an-
nouncing the defeat of Bolivar at Truxillo on the 17th of
September, may turn out to be correct. It would be de-
grading to waste another word in refutation of so monstrous
a story.
Accounts from Washington say, that the opinion that
General Jackson would be elected President of the United
States, on the first ballot, was daily gaining strength.
A Bill has passed the Kentucky Legislature, declaring
it felony to take a dead body from the grave without the
consent of friends.

The territorial disputes between the two branches of the
Ilouse of Brunswick, which have been pending in the
German Chancery for centuries, have been brought to a de-
finitive arrangenzei2t.
- - -

TRINITY COLLEUE.--The Dublin Patriot of Saturday
has the following paragraph :—" We are authorised to
state, that the Provost and Fellows of Trinity College,
Dublin, entirely disclaim the petition which appeared in the
Antidote of this morning, purporting to be the petition of
the Graduates and Under-Graduates of Trinity College,
Dublin. The first intimation which they received of it
was the notice which appeared in the Irish Timm of yes-
terday ; and they are satisfied it has rot beensigncd by all
large proportion of the students. They have unift rmly
prohibited, under the heaviest penalties, all political in-
terference on the part of the gownsmen, and ere determin-
ed to proceed with the severity which the case requires
against all students who may sign or countenance the pre
sent petition, or any other, which shall not have duly
originated with the co-operation of the Provost, Fellows,
and Scholars."
Amongst the speculations of the day, Is ono for making
an open street from Southwark-bridge to the Mansion-
house. It is proposed to let all the houses in chambers,
and it is calculated that the bridge, which is now most de-
plorably unprofitable, will be much benefited by the im-
provement.

It is now expected that the banking-house, whose con-
cerns were to hare been wound up under a letter of license,
will, from subsequent circumstances, end, after all, in a
commission of bankruptcy.-3forning• Paper.
On Friday last a Sheriff's Jury was held before the
Mayor, and henry Lawrence, Esq. Assessor, for the pur-
pose of awarding the sum to be paid to the Corporation by
the 'Trustees of the Dock* for the Graving Docks Not. 4
and .5. Mr. Rainoock opened the case for the Corporation,
and stated that his clients expected 36,0481. Is. 011. fur this
property. After hearing evidence in support of this valua-
tion, and a reply from Mr. Venables anti Nlr. Richard
Earle, Counsel for the Trustees, who called no witnesses.
the Jury assessed the amount to be paid at the sum of
i9,5001.-I.it•erpool Paper (f. Tuesdas.
The first cargo of the new crop of New Orleans cotton
arrived at this port on Saturday, in the American, Captain
Chew. The arriyals of the new crops were much earlier
last season.—Biiliuge's Liverpool ildvertiscr of Tuesday.
800 it s.--So very valuable were books, a few centuries
ago, that in the year 1471, when Lewis Xl. of France
wanted to berlow the works of the Arabian Physician,
Rhasia, from the Faculty of Medicine at Paris, he was
comp:lled to deposit, by way of pledge, a large quantity
of valuable plate, and was also obliged to procure a Noble-
man to join with him as security in a deed, by wh'c.i he
was bound to return it, under a very considerable penalty.
About the commencement of the fourteenth century, there
were only four classics in the Royal Library at Pais ; theta
were one copy of Cicero, Ovid, Lucas, and Boeihius. So
late as the reign of Henry VI. it is ordered, by one of the
statutes of St. Mary's, Oxford, " That no scholars shall
occupy a book in that library above one lion: at n oe• ; ye
that others may not be hindered teem the use of the
satne."—lly the Act Bth of Aim, c. 19, relative to copy-
r.ght, the Archbishop of Canterbury. the Lord Chan-
cellor, the Judges, &c. were empowered to fix a mash/ism
up to books, and had power to punish booksellers selling
them at an exorbitant pricz,;" but this clause was rcj'ealed
by a subsequent Act.

The borough of Okehampton was on Monday cunvaaed
b• the friends of Albany Saville, Esq.

F.-LVIIIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

The Countess of Sandwich entertained a distinguished party at
dinner on Tuesday, at her house in Dover-street. amongst whom
sere—the Portuguese Ambassador, the Earl and Countess of Tan-
kerville, Lord and Lady Gwyd.tr, Sir Charles and Lady Stuart,
.Mr. and Mrs Thomas Hoyt:, Mr. 314cdonald. &c.
Dowager Lady Scare had a sehret party yesterday evening, at
her house in Albemarle-street.

....
Lord Melbourne had a select party at dinner yesterday, at his
how, ‘Vhiteliall.
The Archbishop of Canterbury and family have arrived at Lam-
beth Palace, from Addingtou Park.
Viscount Althorp, M.P. has arrived in town from Northarnp-
ton.hire.
Keane Fitrgerald, Esq. left town yesterday for his seat, Under-
Hill. Herts.
The Earl and Counteu of Jersey and family a rived yesterday
at their house in Berkeley.sqtaare, from their seat, Middleton Park,
Oxfordshire. _ .

Earl and Countess Cowper arrived in town yesterday, from their
seat. Pansanger, Hens.
C. IC Tyre, Esq. has arrived in Penman-square, from Wey-
mouth. _

The Hon. Mr. and Mrs. Sturges Bourne and family have arrived
at their !tense in South Audley-street, from their seat, Testwood
House. Southampton.
John Calvert, Esq. M.P. has arrived at his house in Upper
Wimpole-etttet. from his seat, Albin., Hall. Harts.
I'. Hodgson, Esq. 31. P. has arrived at his house in St. James's.
place, from his seat in Kent.
Sir Francis Burdett, Bart. arrived in town vesterday.
Lord Melbourne and the Hon. Frederick Lamb arrived in town
yesterday, from Earl Cowper's seat, Pansatger.
S. Rogers, Esq. has aretved at his house in St. James's-ilace.
Arrivals at Fenton's Hotel, S.. James's-place :—Sir John
Watts, Bart., from his seat in Susses : General Coglin and Son,
from Brighton ; Hyde Parker, Esq., front Becks ; and J. Hunt,
Esq . from a tour.
Colonel Leslie, 31. P., arrived yesterday at the Waterloo Hotel,
Jennyn-street. front a tour.
John Markham, Esq.. has arrived at the British Hotel, Jermyn-
street. from his seat in Yorkshire.
Arrivals at the London Hotel, Allaemarle-street :—The Rev.
Henry Paln:er, Mrs. Palmer, and family, from Ramsgate;
and Drake, Esq., from a tour. Departure :—General Conran,
for Suffolk.
Arrivals at the Clarendon Hotel, Bond-street :—Sir William and
Lady /ngilby, frost Harrogate ; Mr. and 31rs. Napier, from
their seat in W'sxwickshire ; haloner Bias. Esq., front Suffolk ;
and Charles Brownlow, Esq., 31. P., from Ireland.
Sir Charles bong, Bart., has arrived in town, front his seat,
Bromley Hill, Kent.

THE KI,VG'S COURT.

Yesterday, his Majesty held a Court at his Palace in
Pall-mall, which was attended by the Archbishop of Can-
terburv, the Lord Chancellor, the Lord President of the
Connell, the Lord Privy Seal, the First Lord of the Trea-
sury, the Secretaries of State for the Home, Foreign, and
Colonial Departments, the Chancellor of the Exchequer,
the Muter-General of the Ordnance, the President of the
Board of Control, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lan-
caster, the Preadent of the Board of Trade, the Master
of the Horse, the Treasurer of the Household, Earl Cath-
cart (Gold Stick in waiting.)
The King held a Privy Council, at which his Majesty's
Speech to be delivered this day by Commission at the open-
ing of the Session of Parliament, was finally arranged and
agreed upon.
His Majesty proceeded to prick the nominated list of
Sheriffs for the different Counties. for the peseta year,
which will appear in the Gazette.
The King gave audiences to the Lord Chancellor, the
Earl. of Liverpool, and the Earl of Harrowbv.
Mr. Buller attended as Clerk of the Council.
The Court broke up soon after six o'clock.

The Duke of Ybrk visited the King yesterday.
Yesterday the Duke of York went to view the state
carriage built fur the King of Portugal, at the manufac-
tory of Messrs. Bushnell, Honeywill, and Wool, in Ber-
ner s-strcet, previous to its being packed up to be sent to
Portugal.
Yesterda morning, at ten o'clock, the Lords of 'his
Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council held a meet-
ing at Whitehall-place, to hear and determine Plantation
Appeals. Lord Gifford presided ; Lord Stowell and Sir
John Nichol' were also in attendance. The meeting
broke up soon after three o'clock.
Yesterday, at one o'clock, a Cabinet. Council was bell at
the Foreign Office, at which molt of the Minis:t'rs at-
tenth•d in their Court dresses, to be in readiness to attend
hie Majesty in l'rivy Council at four o'clock. The Cabinet
conth:ticil ir close &lib:ration till past three.
Yesterday, the Earl of Liverpool, as l'Ame Minister,
cave a giLnd Parliamentary dinner at his house in White-
hall, to tnenty-four Peers; who all impend in full Court
dresses, as is customary, the same as at the King's Levee.
Upon this occasion, the Earl of Liverpool matte known to
his itob!e guests the contents of the Kings Speech.
Mr. Secretary Canning also gave a grand Parliamentary
dimitr, at his 'house at Brompton, to about forty Mem-
bers of the House of Commons, at which also the distin-
guished guests w.re informed of the contents of the King's
Speech.
The Lord Lieutenant of Ireland entertained the follow-
ing distinguished personages on Friiay at the Viceregal
Labe :—Lord Castlemaine' the Chia Justice, Chief
Baron, Judge Moore, Judge Torrent, Judge JAI), the So-
licitor-General, Mr. Gregory, Mr. North, Mr. Make, Mr.
Vesey Fimgerakl, Mr. Trefusis. Mr. Richmond, Mr. Con-
sidine, Mr. Daxon, Bir W. P. Carroll, Colonel Shawe, Sir
Colin Campbell. Sit Stewart Bruce, Dr. Bunter, M.D ,
Mr. Sterling, Captain Vignobks, Captain Ricketts, Aid-
de-Camp in Waiting.
Earl Grosvenor and Viscount Beigrave left Eaton-hall,
on Saturday last, for Grosvenor-hous.., London. On
Thursday, tieing the anniversary of the birth of Lord Bel-
grave, the Noble Earl gave a magnificent ball to his tenan-
try in the true old English style of hospitality. About 430
were present ; and in the course of the evening Lord and
Lady Belgrave went down several-dances with the admir-
ing company, among whom were some beautiful country
girls. Dancing commenced at five o'clock in the xvening,
and terminated about aix o'clock the next morning.
A London Correspondent informs us that a report pre-
vailed in the West-end of town, of the approaclunf mar-
riage of the rich widow of a London hanker, with the
jounger brother of a Noble Lord. The gentleman has
ust attained his majority. The lady proposes to settle
100,0001. I.pon him, and to present his sisters with Moon!.
The Irish were formerly celebrated for picking up these
sort of things.—DeNift Merning
A superb model of the Holy Temple at Jerusalem, with
the tomb of our Saviour, is now exhibiting in Norwich,
where it excites great interest. 'the model is nearly of the
same dimensions as the original, and the workmanship is of
the most elaborate description.
On Thursday week a meeting.of the Catholics of New-
castle and the adjoining comatel was held at Fletcher's
Long Room, in Newcastle, when it was determined to form
a society, under the tide of " The Catholic Association of
the Countits of Northumberland, Durham, and Newcastle-
on-Tyne," for the purpose of obtaining, by all legal means,
the restoration of equal rights.
Scorns tie Amtitica.—Judge Duncan, of Pennsylvania,
has " reversed the sentence of the emit of Common Pleas
in the case of ' Commonwealth r. Nancy James,'
which doomed her, as a common void, to the ducking or
cucking stool. The Judge took the ground that the com-
mon law punishment did not apply here, and observed,
that in cases of such barbarous retribution, he ' was
not disposed to attach his chain to the dung-can of
the Common Law.' " The decision is just ; hut we don't
relish the language of the Learned Judge. Ducking wo-
men may be ranked among the barbarities and follies of the
olden Crie. • . . .
Banns of marriage between James Douglas, who was
lately thrummed through the town of Dundee, for resetting
stolen goods, and a woman of considerable property,
were proclaimed in the churches there on Sunday.—Cale.
clunian Mercury.
Tuesday's Gazette offers a free pardon to any accomplice
who will discover the actual murderer of one Esther Carter,
of Kiplin, in the North Riding of York, found strangled
In a field in the occupation of her father, John Trver, at
Kiplin aforesaid, on the sth ult.; and the Scorton Associa-
tion offers a reward of Inn guineas for a discovery.
On Monday week, George Leaper, of Wevbread, Suf-
folk, was convicted before the Rev. Mr. Manning and
George Lee, Esq. in a penalty of 51. for using four dogs to
kill and destroy game, not being legally qualified, and in
default rev oleo, vies committed for three ronhttis to the
tread-mill in the House of corrcctiga at Ipswich.

MR. KEAN.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.

Ste—You have advocated most warmly—and, to do you
justice, I must say, very effectually—the cause of Me
KEAN ; but still, Sir, you and I differ very Widely about
the morality of the matter. You will tell me, I know,
that you do not defend the conduct of Mr. KEAN, but
that you merely deny the justice of punishing him over
again for that conduct at the theatrical tribunal, after he
has been punished by the proper tribunal of his country.
This may be good logic ; but when I take up an argument
I have 110 time to attend to distinetious ; besides I always
consider that if my adversary makes a distinction there is
the less necessity that I should do it. My opinion is, that
punishment was intended for the prevention of crimes, and
that therefore the more you punish an offender the more
you incrcaso the example, which is the great chject of
punishment ; and by the same rule I bokl, that if you
make an example of him t trice, the benefit produced by it is
just double. In this I ant quite sure that you, and.every
friend to justice, will agree with me. For my part, I was
a lover of unsparing discipline from my youth up. I re-
member an old poem ness—she wee a woman after my own
heart—that always whipt the children when they were
naughty to make them good, and vhipt- them when they
were good to keep thou so .Now
. ow this is as it ought to be";
tins system presents to my mind the perfect model of a
preet suit e puiee. Its tendency to produce a perfectly
,'vier people is manifest at first sight. I think I
hear some one ask, " but where is the quite of
this ?" My answer is, I am protecting lobby neee„
don't talk to me, therefore, about equity. 31y-object is to
put down offence,: ; and to do so, I must, in every instaen,
hunt down the offender, for 'while he exists morality/ is not
safe. Besides, of what use is equity? Look at the Court
of Chancery; see the evils of a Court of Equity, and then
ask yourself candidly. would you introduce this principle
into the theatre? 'Would you think of at all resorting
to it in passing judgment on AN ACTOR? Surely not.
Besides, to talk about equity where a man is a pig/.
lic character, is quite preposterous. If a man conse-
crates his talents, whatever they may be, to the itblic
serr;ce, whether in the senate, at the bar, or on the stage,
it is monstrous for such a man, if he offends, to ask for
the same measure of justice that is dealt out to private
persrns. Public and private justice arc two very different
things. If a man is either perfectly useless to the public,
or dedicates himself in no way to its service, that man's
vices ought to go free. It is enough that he is unservice-
able to the cnnimunity ; it is enough that it receives to
benefit at his hands; this is, and ought to be, SllffiCi:Ll to
exempt hint, however profligate he may be, from all open
reproach; MO I•LITY can dispense with his services, on
the score of his inutility ; she is content to leave him tattle
administration of ordinary justice. But if the delinquent
happens to be one of that class who devote the whole cf
their qualiflcatiors—whether for benefiting or amusing the
public—to its service; in this case, I hold, that we se
acquire a right to take his bread out of his mouth at our
pleasure. Fair dealing here is out of the question. A juts
of his country may decide on the degree of his guilt, at:a
may punish him according to what they conceive to be his
deserts. He is here, however, made only to suffer like any
other private individual who has offended against the law:
but his having spent the best years of his liTe in minister-
ing to our amusement, and ha.ving expended the whole of
his days in diversifying the enjoyment of ours—if Ai: does
not give us a right, not only to inflict a double punish-
ment ,upon him, but to pursue him to his utter ruin,
I should be glad to know what does? I hope no one will
infer that I would judge, unrighteous judgment. I hope I
shall rot be accused of any thing like a wish to violate the
sacredness of equal eights, as belonging to every British sub-
ject. I know there are some who really feel no compunc-
tion in this respect. But I beg leave to lodge my caved
against any such an imputation. It is because I adore the
sovereignty ri the people, that I would hand over very
public character to their jurisdiction. I comic!, r that WE,
the people, or, as we are sometimes called, the public--
have a right to make all who serve us in any way, and ei
whatever stage—whether on the floor of the House cts
Commons as our Representatives--or of the Court of King's
Bench as Advocates—or of Drury-lane as Actors,—we have
a right, I say, to make them bow to the resistle c.. imps
tutslty of our offended mote/ feelings. " Well, but"--says
acme captious objector—" is it rot enough diet any offence
which they, may have committed should he punished by the
laws of the land?" I answer " No ; for the mass of the
community this way do; but not for any verde. character;
if any one of this class is caught tripping, far be it from us to
have an idea of moderation. For my part no one venerates
the precepts of Christian eatuktur and Christian charity
more than myself. If I have any failing, it is that I have
rather tco strong a leaning that way towanls all mankind.
But still I cannot help agreeing completely in feeling and
sentiment with that poet, whoever he is, who says that
Every Actor is a thing,
A Merry Andrew, paper kiNg,
A puppet mule of rags and wood.
The !,rest son licarrh, mere mud
Mere public game. where'er you meet him ;
And cohlers, as they please. may treat hint :
Shall one of this cLisii e'er offend
'tiainst rsblic Fr:gals—there's sin end
Of all that's dear to this our age,
If we t!on't drive him from site staL.r.
No punishment can betuo cruel.
I vote tot—crsenie is his genet."
As we have 1101 N, I hope, the power of exereisinc our
sahitary stns delectable censorship upon Mr. KEAN. I hope
the party Aimed against him—which, in my opinion, has
in it all the genuine and legitimate character of a " hole al-
wilibe supported by all the true friends to jlat-
rlan FIEEDOI. if we would have the drams perfectly
pure, which ought to be the wish of us all, we must begin
the conflict with making a clear stage.
I am, Sir, yours, Ste.
A TRUE PEMTAN•

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.
Eta—lt must be a subject of surprise and regret to every Briton,
that although a liberal reward is offered for the best painting. de-
scriptive of the two principal victories achieved by the immortal
Nelson, there is scarcely atingle production 'in the ninth Gallery.
wl:ich is correct either in position, proportion, or perspective. 1
beg to subjoin a few remarks; which, as they arc iaipardally
made, you will, perhaps. deem worthy of notice.
No. :74. The Santissinia had her masts standing when the
Victory broke the line. The perspective, panicularly of the
rlsuitissinut, is very bad.
287. The Zealous is under sail, and on the starboard bow of the
thterricr. when the foremast of the latter is shot away ; she was
ar.chored at that period on her larboanl side. The other ships ate
too far to leeward to weather the Enemy's line ; whereas the Arion
'and Theseus actually did so.—Thts is more a morning than an
evening piece.
216. Perspec!ire and arrangement of the ships Incorrect.
244. The Hellish lines too near each other, and the ships badly
arranged. The frigates, and even the stualler vessels, are bearing
down to engage the enemy !
143. This is the only representation of a sea. The ships are chit-
tacterestic, and the position is in conformity with the official
snout. _ _ _

IBS. Ships badly proportioned, and out of character. Achille is
blowing up at noon ; it took riare between Live and sis ! •
lin. Good dikes. Culloden is represented as being within shot
•otthe enemy ; she IV:Z8 hull down. The:i'wiftsure and Alexander
ere coming down with studding sails ; they were close hauled wail
they grounded the shoed.
There ato many other attempts. but so contemptible that I do
not notice them; Wet. are better calculated for tea trays, and
public-lions,: signs. Notwithstanding that the number of paintings
trom• each artist was limited to two, some hate three in the es!,l-
- ; and it is manifest that the arrangement is done in a partial
why. The paintings should be placed oa the same line, and then
works of merit would roc be in an unfavourable light, while con-
temptible productions are intruded on your notice.
I am Sir, your obedient servant.
AN OFFICER.'

The subscriptions for the wives and families of the sae.
ferers at Middleton are still rapidly increasing: they already
approach 1,10d1., and many collections are Net to he
added from di:ferent places or public worship.—York
Courant.

Da. fawn.—Extract of a letter ftom Shrewsbury, dated.
Jan. 29 :—" I found my poor frienti, Dr. Parr, in the ex-
treme of danger, from mortification. It has been stoppA
by the skill of his physician, 1)r. J. Johnstone; and by a
letter which I have just received from the Decter, I learn
he is going on as well as can be expected at his age—not
free from danger, but with a tolerably fair hope of reco-
very."
The Upper Pool of the River Thames was news known
to be so full of shipping as at the present time, since the
(Tering of :1:c Lm:lon Deals.

,
. . .
TRH BRITISH PRESS.
.., . . . . . _ _ • . . • I •
FRENCH I'APE• RS. things, is war probable -is it possible: Without doubt England MEXICO. C. MOREAU'S STATE OF ?'CIE BRITISH
---- will be cursed—will be bated—will, in an under tone, be threat- —.........--
(From the Etoi/e, dated Tuesday.] vned, but will not be attacked. It is affirmed that the instructions New York Advocate. TRADI:.
NAPLES. JAN. 11. of Prince Wolkonski are not at all hostile ; thet Russia does not [From the ]
--www•--
:4 Conformably to the programme of the obsequies of King Verdi. wish for war, and that she feels all the advantages of immobility,
Address of his Excellency, Guadalupe Victoria, President A View of the Official Value of the Imports and Exports to and
.r. yid, his mortal remains were yesterday conveyed to the church of of the European awe yaw, by uteri" of wIt:ell so many ancient from Great Britain during 'l'w* Periods of Three Years e.O It
of the rotted States of Mexien, to the Sovereign Constan-
tin ,s, Claire. Not ouly are the theatres shut, but there is to be no abuses hare been so conveniently 'revived. and have destroyed so (11118 to 1820, and 1821 to 1823), compared to shoo. ;he Incre.se
nr, seeing in public whatever tiering the Carnival. The King con. many new ameliorations. Without doubt, honomr of principle, ent Congtess-Gentrul, upon taking the oath required by pr Decrease of the British Trade with each Kingdom, State, or
mu retell w icside at Capo de 310tite. His 31ajeety, like his augnst and severity of tenets, would call for a wile; but, principles and the ltilst article of the Federal Constitution : Colony, extracted front M. 3foreau's curious and interesting
beet; preaides in pawn in the Council of State. tenets are rigorously invoked and followed by Cebineis, when they " Sin-1 this day appreach the sanctuary of the laws, guided Statistical Chen of the past and pn.sent State of the Trade carried
Fer
on by Great Britain with all parts of the et'orld.
Virxwa„ JAN. 22. I agree with their interest and safety ;as .'on ax that agreement by a holy and religious respect for the will of my fellow-citizens ;• be The eluserian Observer has the following article.— ceases, interest and safety take the upper hard. .I am irresolute, tearing tiir the interests of my country, and int. •
7. '• Constantinople, Jan. 4.
__________—_____ __ pressed with the mat.y obligations which I owe her; considering IMPORTS into DREAT BRITAIN FROH ALL PARTS
111 "On the sth December the Egyptian fleet, with its transports, that the least deserving 31exican is called to the first and most OF THE WORLD.
REVENUE OF THE (TA /TED STATES.
ya Vattd the Bay of 31armarissa, ant: sailed to Cantle*. According
--venw--
important public charge of a great, illustrious, and generous
Is odic most recent information, it is at anchor in the Bay of Suds.
EXTRACT FROM THE TREASURY REPIWT, people. Division of earl: 1818 to 1821 to
Decrease. Increase. test seems not to have given up the plan of a landing in the 31orea. 1323.
st
Astor the Greek ',flue-drop, they have returned to their ports. DrcEsesrn Sl. ~. 1 had the happiness of seeing liberty established--of seeing the Trade. lB2O.
ultimate success and redemption of my country. Long since have - .
---...
Id •• The Pcloponn6us is the theatre of the most violent disorder. . I had in view the illustrious patriots; who, with their blood, their runorr. k.
i• k. .
By the exhiletion of the fiscal o tions of .•.
the year, it will. loe
pole S North - 17.491:585 14,4,3,1931 3,0(7,370
re De number of men who perished in the battle in which young . - pm talents, and their sufferings, broke the chain of three centuries,
of
t,:ocomnii
was killed is
stated at 00. The Chief, Stakes, has perceived that, if the expectations formed respecting the to•urth 11,088,096 11,200,185 I 1111.0119
quarter should be realized, the receipts will have exceeded the erei- thereby bringing into existence an heroic nation, and leaving to 1 South .
,el conducted to Napoli eli Romania, with Go other prisoners ;23,353
Xi -• ' ed at the last teeasion of Con CIA by about 600 000
Tate Presented . •posterity their glory, their name, and their example. These men Brit 5 (Jibe. ate. 4111.741 109,294 •
e • the war has only atisamel a more inveterate character. The 3,634,816
ollays. The only failure has been in ther peoWeetls of the public ever followed the path of virtue—they-were ever the objects of my •-1 IreL 8t 16.0,3,768 18.708,304 •
—I
I* reeTheane of Cola ::troth besiege Tripolitza. The Government has a
lamb,. and tha• has been the result of a disappointment in regard to veneration and regard—and I considered them entitled, by justice
ry sett fcr Miura, Cointitandsnt at Athens, and who is more dreaded— ,
761,068
the relinquished'
lands. Not only has the quantity sold been less and gratitude, to preside over the Republic. Far from depreciating Europe . . 4-74,11-1-9, 70 44,899.238 !
as thin a Pacha would be. Ile was on the point of attacking
,thanNegro-
was an_ucipated, but owing, it is believed, in a great measure, the character- of these herozo, whose great services secured them the Asl• - e 22,414,9411 10,3.50,1106 1 1,10014
e. pot. and has order* to repair to Corinth; to keep the discontented ty combinations of capitalists, by which actual settlers were deterred love of their country:l did justice to their merit, and admired their Africa - I 713.476 913,137 i 199.661
fer. The blockade of Patens is raised, both by sea and land. ' talents, so well calculated ten administration. America - : 42,068,678 16.333,116'41 3,383,919
rn scli • . from competition. the price has not, with few exceptions, exceeded .. -The President Coaduriottis has retired to Hydra wits his
the minimum price eyed by law. The actual receipts from that Obeying, as 1 always have until now, the voice of the law,
Le imily; he has Ulm addressed a pathetic proclamation to the
the Chris- t0..v..c.e of revenue during the present year will exceed% those of winch conies from the Representatives of a free nation, I was ready Grand Total - 1110,276,236 110,510,8.50 --• 242,594
cy Greeks. to exhort them to unite against the enemies ofto suffer even death in defence of the virtuous Mexican elected by ----•----"'
141 tith name. Another member ii the Executive Council, Assimaki Iti„, our votes and lento. If the remembrance of the unalterable con. Foreign Trade e 45.021,381 45.906.396 — 885,015
amount of duties on imports are tonnage which se
61,612,444 641,421 Pite faiths. has suddenly disappeared. Proceedings are going to be
etueelefrgeoiresthe.at or Janusry to the 30:11 of .f.;•eptembe•-; last them-. stance with which I always maintained our rational dignity, is British Trade a 1 63.234,873
' ituted against him, because his absence renders the acts signed picture:: ; also, of the sacrifices (small indeed) which I made in
and that. of the whole year the
sire, is estimated at 19,000.000 dollars,- '.
1 s3sA
Dr is two other eelleagues null and void. We hear that he has
at ....300,000 dollars. Of this sum, that portion which accrued in h , .
beet of caries ; 1 wiU say throaty most ardent wish always has Ituseia - . 7,836.710 7.07,7,998 1 757.712
returned to Napoli.
the first half of year exceeds, by shout 630.0110 dollars,
.and been .o mark my character and political faith, with submission to Sweden . - 430,941 :813.0116 . 85.10.19
of - Tac Gazettes of Hydra of the 3.1. and oth December exhort
'Ets Caloeotroni to prevent his certain destruction by a tweedy submis-that •the h.• • the
• by about' 1'"
Idollars,
wicin t ..e quarters . —49 ,000 the portions the supreme authority, firm adherence to just principles, and defer. Denmark - 876.874 30.142 , 651.732
ence to the public voice. Prussia - . 2.091.041 1,324.'2114 1,3E16,637
Thei h neeped an th. e cortex_ pondnig quarte:_s of 1823.
to son. It seems from these papers, that the malcontents 'have on. •• A strict obedience. proceeding from my sense of duty, makes Germany . 2,482.339 2.3fee.120 • 173.213
r, debentures issued during the three first quarters of the pre-
in fomenting civil war, the sums that had been remitted to 4 1 l - • me accept an office, which the laws forbid me to rEfuse. This sat red Belgium - . 3,153,636 3,073,669 ; 81,917
playa!, . . — year amounted to 2.45.,000 t o We, which is less b4OOOO
—....e_e.
them for the siege or energetic t tie egos ernnient, Mleever. 4at inv iture of power should have been to sonic more expeeieneed
otof dollars than the amount issued durina the corresponding period of elt
present taking the most measures to stifle all the seeds
France . -2.3211.30 i ...-.L., r 297,416
rt rebellion*. • the preceding Tear; arid the amount or debentures outstanding on a sour lemon) •
the 30th of se ember last, and char •reable upon the revenue . ' ~ Portugal - 1.363,821 LSO, .2111 ' 50,697
ta - " Theodore Negri died at Argos on the lth December.. Me was
of 1843, was 1.1004 tithe dulla. which isb
leas by 401 000 dollars " I cannot express m• gruinfile toward the United States of Sven . - 2,936,233 20177.715 4. , , 540
le 'remarkable man in many respects. At the biOnnitig. of the re.
than was on the same.
day in 1823 chargeable atom the revenue of 3 4 Mexico ; I have been unditating it ever since the bout in which I Italy • - ' .031.-91 3,178,11:9 , 147,694
baton the Porte desired to send him to Parts on a diplomaticl67,2o6
ig VO lBl4. was informed that, by the spontaneous suffrage of my fellow-eiti. Turkey - - 1,037.416 1,204,622 '
wtss,on, but he gimped la the Murex to join the Creeks.' lens, the great weight of public administration rested upon my astratea.
t.The amerunt of bonds in suit on the 3001 or September last, was 3,3,0,423 Tuvls, Drc. 19.
F.:- 2,969,000 dollars, which is 92,000 nidre than was in suit on the' weak elioulders. Thus situated 1 have invoked the protection of United Stetter - 9.7116.230 13,122.675
1t17,41.16
One of those horrible scenes and acts of cruelty sanctioned by sante day of the preceding year. Deductitig from the whole the Eternal ard Sovereign Dispeneer of all tecesil that lie might It N. Colonies 2,182.706 2,490,192
r • - B W 11- °4 ° '
•"38 23 6 301 60
r- tto Supreme Authority, which have not been seen in Turkey fur i arnourt of duties outstanding on bonds and otherwise on the 30th heap his blessings upon the great nation that itie honoured me with B. Rest re tes - ..41,... , 40.• 5,877
427.1391
ie a ;ong time. has just peasedheye. .
.. ... • of September last. the debenture, actually° chart...able ut.on 1 limn . . confidence,
its that he might lead me towards its aggrandizement F. West Indies 6.1174.471 7302.361

Tuvis. Dic. 19.
One of those horrible scenes and acts of cruelty sanctioned by
the Supreme Authority, which have not been seen in Turkey for
a tong time. has just pas.sed here.
A young Jew merchant, inflamed by liquor. met in a public
walk a eery aged Moorish woman, who was in ri state like his
non.lie "ad,yrc,sed a few WOWS to her, which at the most called
for &reprimand. The MOOTS who perceived it arrested both hint
and the women.
The &Tait was brought bettc: the Bey, who, disregarding the
die:Greece of rote, the place—which did not even allow the posai-
Wit of the crime charged iu the accusation—and with the convic-
tion of the innocence id the two prisoners, pronounced the sen-
trice of death on them both. The Jew, according to the
barbarous usage of the country, 10 being of the most despised
egion, was to be burnt alive, aid his ashes to be cast in the "lake,
and the woman to be drowned.
The Jew thought to obtain his• pardon by professing the Mus-
rulman faith, but he only hail a commutation of the capital
I:entailment. He was cut to pieces by the ferocious populace, to
doom he was given .41), and hisproperty confiscated, though he Las
kit a wite and children.
Lately there wire some fears of the return of the plague,
which was happily not coviinred.
Th: American frigate Constitution, and the Ontario brig, east
anchor here a few days ago. They brought Mr. Cice, the new
American Consul-64.cent, who tilled that office 15 years ago.
The Bey has just resolved to diminish the value of the current
min, to prevent the exportation of is. Lt is said that the value will
be roluecti one-eighth.

[Front the Journal des Debate of Monday.]
3lAPafn. JAN. MI.
The tote in which the .Englisla diplomatic -agent an,
nounces to our Olivemnient that England acknowledges the lode.
pendence of the three American Mates. was communicated the
day bete yeiterclar, to the Extraordinary Conner.' of Ministers,
to the Chargé d'Affaires of France, and to the Minister% of the
Nor:bora Powers. This note has spread alarm in the minds of all.
Ewen the most prejudiced now look upon the loss of Anetica as
certain, arid as more than probable a rupture between some of
the Holy Alliance. At must, this declaration of England is
nothing more than the natural consequence of the faults com-
mitted by our M., aster and Government for the last eighteen
mostlx. What still more augments oor incrnietuda is, that not-
withstanding what has beco said of thoarrival in Peru of the ship
St. Francois cl' Assiscs, and of the brig Achille, which cleared
Cadiz on are 13.h•January last year, the Et rrrnmert has not yet
received the official news of their arrival in the Ptwific
The provinces of Litrenradura and Gastonia, which were the loot
IVIICIVIteti by the conetitutional army. And IlhiCil, by way of indent-
. city, Mr tile longer stay which the revolutionary troops had made
time, had been remitted only half the tithes for the year 1323, now
r4itse to liar the other hall which is denranded of them. Tnis fault
of the G„ivernment is the mote renucksble, as it ;1111 precisely on
dune two provuices of the kingdom where the revolutionary spirit
hatimade most pregress.

[Froth the Cop. fitution lel of Monihiy.l
CALM, JAN. It
. . . .

The difficulty which has been raised between General Latour
Mi.'sc and the Commissary sent by General Campatia, concern.
invite deliver, of three deputies of the. Cortes, has tcken a more
rerio,:s chatactcr. but likewise in re encouraging for the
tarts of the town. _ _ _

The French Genteel has not only refused to obey the new dis-
paithes sent to him bj General tatupana, desiring the three De-
puties in question to be delivered to the Officer commanding
the detachment destined to conduct sheen, but he has even obliged
thorn to leave Cadiz with the troops, who proposed to wait the
definitive iseut of tliic Maputes.
The French tidnerr.lcommandtng •t Cadiz hastens the ratifies-
tiara of that place and its avenues with so great rapidity, that in
tour months it will he as impregnable's Gibraltar. A great nom.
her of pieces of artillery from our new foundry at Seville are on
Vie road to Cadiz; soaie to augment the strength of the places
altea4 fortified, but the greater number Mr the new fortified
frats that have been established.
Our commerce is in so distressed a state that for the last eight
els nothing has been seen to enter out ports except small coasting
re.scis. Such a thing has not, pet haps, been seen for the last forty
yiars.
[From the Courricr Francais of Monday.]
- MADRID.. JAY. O.

The public attention, as well as that of ti;"llloWrit ;I; t,
ils quite absorbed by the news of the declaration of Eng.
hod vial regent to South America. It is curious to hear
the fse.atica east fire and fiance against powerful Albion. and
loudly cal for defenders from the womb of the Hyperborean
regions. They even quarrel with the Continental Powns, and
say that they will themselves have to regret not having
caused Spain to proceed in a manner more conformable with its
true interests. On the pan of the Government, there is a Council
of Ministers held every day, and of Councils of State. Several
couriers have also been expedited for different Governments. Uut
what is the use of all this bustle ? Is not Spain reduced to the re.
amity of seeing all, aed keeping silence ?
A great deal of ncbe has been made about the maritime expettli.
bon that sailed from the port of Corogne, but this expediti in only
atIDOUCUI 0 seven or tiglit Manche t 133C:1, badly enough equipped :
you may jlidge of it by the means employed to conduct those on
board the ships that hid been assembled.
The troops embarked are those known by the name of Provincial
Militia; they are nes ly urganired, and are drawn from the recruits
.11324. The first timil dune was to iMut then up for two months
In their respective quarters : afterwards, whin it was resolved that
they should go. the soldiers were mar iced, two and two, without
alms, to the different shit s, without letting them know the nroti vs
which drew tl:is treatnic,t on them. The inhabitants.were better
informed ; and v these militiamen were 41-awn from the province,
the tell:jolts of the iinfurtuir.ate soldiers were. and still are in 'Mit.
bon, caused by this ii:,Hen departure ; they know that, to this day,
not we of those who have set out for the same destination his ever
been so fortunate as to see his native country again. It is bower',
with such men as these that the Spanish Government thiiks to
cause its rights in Ante:its to be acknowledged.
PARIS JAW. Sp.
. -

The English Journals announce that the British army is going
to be amprented, anal the Ministerial Journal, the Co•rritr, ex-
press heel( with regard to the Cabinets of the Continent, in a
'arm and resedute tune, which 'Mows that the English Government
t.:s not much fear their discontent, and that it is quite ready to
raid the consequences. On our side our Aristocratic. Monastic,
rind Ministerial Journals, do rot show less warlike inclinations.
Q rr,!:Jicieue ilr.o :es the canon of Pomenoy ; the Erode an.
r..atr.c.li that tho northern Governments agree vial the French, and
are resolved not to acknowledge the new States of America. AU
Viis appears but little favourable to the peace of Europe,and it is not
astonisiting that repor ri of war abould hare reached the Exchange.
Is ibis war in fact impending ? It the indignation of the suburb of
St. Germain, and the rage of the Jesuits, were offensive arms, of
which England could feel the Wows, the question would be no
linger doubtful; but Mr. t'anning no more liars the con-
,trerins of the genion which inhabits the new Palace of the
Rue de Ritoli, than the reproof of the saloons of the suburb
1 S. Germain, the -nathemas of St. Sulspice and of Mount
Ueoge,.and the canon of the Qrsofidierene. 1% hat could the Holy
Alliance do against England, and what good would It get by •
wsr? On what point is there preparation to attack England ? en
what point i$ not 1:,.g1 Ind ready to rebut every attack, and to act
with advantage? Sch has squadrons in all seas, and at the end of
'bre months' war. tot one of the Powers who should tight her,
would bare a single ship floating on the via. The English Go-
vernment would be upheld in such • war by the opinion of the
whole nation would the Governments of the Holy Alliance find
the same support in the people of the Continent, whose intei este.
whose wishes, would b. bound for the cause which England would
maintain? Russia herself, with her million of men, her military
vdoeica, her sunken Rest, and her flooded capital. can she under.
take hnything spotlit England, that long-lived Power, which is
proof against a hurricane as well as a coalition ? In this state of

By the exhihition of the fiscal operations of the year, it ailll be
perceived that, if the expectations formed respecting the fourth
quarter should be realized, the receipts rip have exceeded the e.ti-
mate presented at the last Session of Congress by alxtut 890,000
dollars. The only (*gore has heen in the proceeds of the public
land's, and that has been the result of a disappointment in regard to
the relinquished lands. Not only has the quantity sold been less
than was anticipated, but owing, it is believed, in a great measure.
to combinations of capitalists, by which actual settlers were deterred
from competition. the price has not, with feet exceptions, exceeded
the minimum price fixed by law. The actual receipts from that
source of revenue during the present year will exceed those of
1923. s
The gross amount of duties on imports ard tonnage, which ac-
crued from the Ist of January to the 30:11 of September last ir.clu-
sive, is estimated at 19,000.000 dollars, and that of the whole year
at 22.300,000 dollars. Of this sum, that portion which accrued in
the first half of the year exceeds, by about 6311.0410 dollars, and
that in the three quarters by about 1.200,000 dollars, the portions
which accrued in the corresponding q aerie: s of 1823.
The debentures issued during the three first quarters of the pre-
sent year amounted to 2452,000 dollen. which is btss by 460,000
dollars than the amount issued during the corresponding period of
the preceding Tear; and the amount of deber.tures outstanding on
the 30th of september lase, and chargeable upon the revenue
of 1823, was 1,1004.090 dollars. which is leas by 401.000 dollars
than was on the same day in 1923 chargeable uptin the revenue of
1824.
The amount of bonds in suit on the 30th or September last, was
3,909,000 dollen, which is 92,000 more than was in suit on the
same day of the preceding year. Deducting from the whole
amourt of duties outstanding on bonds and otherwise on the 30th
of September last, the debentures actually' chargeable Munn them
and the bonds in suit, it is estimated that the sum payable after the
expiration of the present year, will be about 12.200,000 dollars.
This amount, however, is subject to debentures, which may still be
issued ; but as no allowance has already been made for throe which
are now chargeable upon it, no considerable deduction on that ac-
count is to he expected. A portion of the amount also is not pay-
able until 1926; but the residue, together with so much of the
duties accruing in the fourth quarter of the present, and in the
whole of the next year, as may be received during that year, will,
after deducting the expenses of collection, constitute the receipts
from the customs during the year 1823.
The productiveness of the customs, however, depends upon the
state of the foreign commerce of the nation. It is estimated that,
in the year ending on the 30th of September last, the value of do.
mettle articles exported was 4!h.1114,710 dollars, which exceeded by
2.529,302 the tunou:'t exported in the preceding year; and that the
value of foreign articles exported was 25,348.792 dollars. which
' was less by 2,294.1140 titan the amount exported in the preceding
Tear. The value of imports (luting the same period is estimated at
:8.519,183 dollars, which exceeds the imports of the preceding year
by 939911,
For three years past the average annual value of imports has
been 79.778,997 dollars; that of foreign articles exported 25,029,201
dollars; and that of domestic articles exported 48.904.732. The
little fluctuation that has taken place in these years. and the int-
prosement in the last year. may be regarded as indications that
the commerce of the country is tending to a regular and sound
state. If no extraordinary events should occur to interrupt it, it
is reasonable to infer that there will be no material or unfavour-
able change in the ensuing year.
For the two years ending on the 31st December, the average
annual gross amount of duties on imports was 23,227.C33 dollars.
This aunt, upon the annual ave:ege value of the whole imparts.
tions fur the three years ending on the 30th September, 1924. was
21!2 per cent.; and, upon the average amount of importations,
after per
the exports of foreign articles, it was 42.42 dollars
per cent.
The operation of the new tariff upon the revenue cannot, now,
he correctly estimated. (in one important branch of imports
those frost': beyond the Cape of Good Hope, its provisions will not
take effect until the Ist of January next. As it is only singe the
Ist of July last that it has been in operation in regard to other
i 1 portations, and as the collectors arc allowed, by law, three
months for rendering their account., the addition caused by the
rew tariff cannot, even for that portion of the imports and for one
quarter of the year, be stated with perfect accuracy. It is beheyed
however, that the investigation which has been made with a view
to that object,, alliods data for cerium lug its effects with sufficient.
exactness for the present purpose. It has been found, diet, upon
the whole importations (estimating their value at the rates adopted
I:1 forming the statistical report.) in the three quarters ef the year
ending on the 30th of Jttne. 11124. the gross amount of ditties was
27 dollars 43 per cent. and that, if the rates of the present tariff had
been ciplied to the same importations, the duties would lieve
amounted to 30 dollars, 30 per cent.; which is equal to an increase
upon the amount of duties, of 10 dollara, 39 per cent. It also nn-
' pears. that, in eight tithe principal ports of the United States, die
rate of duties upon the whole amount of importations during the
third glitter el the year 1823. was 28.311 dollars; and, during the
earreapo ding quarter of the year 1824, it was 30 911 dollars per cent.
But, it is to be observed that in the third quarter of 11124, the im-
porteCons front beyond the L'ape of Good Hope were not subjected
to the increased rates of the new tariff These, it is estituated,
would have made the rate of duties in that quarter 31.40 dollars per
cent. ; w rich is equal to an increase, upon the amount of duties,
of 7.5; dollars per cent. ('pun the whole, therefore, it is believed,
that the revenue derived from imports will be Increased by the
operation of the new tariff in a ratio nearly equal to that in which
it is estimated to have been increased during the third quarter
of the present year in the ports above mentioned—or, about 7?,
per cent. This increase, however, will produce less augmentatiott
in the actual receipts into the Treasury during the year 1925 than
in subsequent years.
With these views, the receipts into the Treasury, during the
year 1:125. arc estimated a. follows :
Columns, 20.000,000 dollars; lands, 1,000.000 dollars; bank
dividends, 330,1100 dollars; miscellaneous and incidental. 150,000
dollars—making 21.300,000 dollen; and the residue of the loan
authorized by the act of 26th of Slay Last, 2,450,000 dollars, form-
ing an aggregate of 23.950,000 dollars.
The expenditures of the year are estimated as follows: '
Civil, diplomatic, and miscellaneous. 1.t.C3.020 dollars; military
service. 5,013,2113 dollar.; eaval service, inclutling the gradual
increase of the navy. 3,044,789. I'ublic debt. including a pay-
ment of 7.834,370 dollars of principal, 11,902,083 dollars—making
together.2l,7os,lfZ dollars.
Which will leave in the Treasury, on the Ist of January. 192.5.
after satisfying all the demands of the year 1825, a surplus estimated
at 2,244,839 dollars.

CORNW A I. L Nli N E S.—Quantity of Copper Ctrs sold at
Truro on Thurfday, 071 tons.—Average Produce, 7,!—
Quantity of tine Copper, 179 tons, 6 cwt.—Aincrunt of
sale, 16,781/. 2s. 61—Avvrige standard 1291. Ws.

At kirkdale warket on Monday there was a pretty good
supply of etude and sheep, and the trade rather brisk at
the following prices :—Beef 6:0. to 6itl. and mutton 6d.
to 7tl. per lb. sinking the otild.
A duel was fought yesterday morning on Acton Com-
mcn, between Hugh Blenkensop, Esq. and a gentleman of
fortune of the name of Fordyce. The meeting arose from
a simple disputed bet of a rump and dosen, revecting a
leap in following the Farley-hill hounds. The first tire
missed, and in the second Mr. Bletikensop was wounded
the side, but not dangerously, and he was able to return
home to his residence in Seymour-street.
A few weeks since, a labourer employed in digging flints,
near Hollingbury Castle (the ancient earthworb or camp
on the summit of the hill between Brighton and Summer),
discovered an interesting group of antiquities, placed very
superficially in a slight excavation co the chalk rock. It
coliAved 01 a brass instrument called a cdt, a nearly cir.
cular ornament spirally fluted, and having two rings placed
loosely on the extremities, and four armillcr or bracelets for
the wrist, of a very peculiar shape. All these ornaments
are composed of a metallic substance which, from, dr.! al,.
peatanee of those par:s where the green patina with which
they are encrusted has been removed, must have originally
possessed a lustre but little inferior to burnished gold.
They arc clearly either of Roman or Anglo-Roman origin,
and probably were buried on or near the site of interment
of the individual to whom they belonged.
- -

Another death, occasioned by an accidental pugilistic
combat, occurred on Saturday, at Pinner-green, in Buck-
inghamshire. Winter and nolines, labouring men, went
out to fight, after a drunken squabble, apulled each
other about for more than two hours, when Winter was
thrown heavily. lie never spoke after, and was taken
senseless to the Ilape and Anchor, where he expired in
three hours after.

" Obeying. as I always have until now, the voice of the law,
which conies from the Representatives of a free nation, I was ready
to suffer even death in defence of the virtuous Mexican elected by
our %%I:eland hearts. If the remembrance VI the unalterable con-
stancy with which I always maintained our rational dignity, is
pletstetg ; also, of the sacrifices (small indeed) which I made in
the beet of ceases ; I wiU say that my most ardent wish always has
been !o-ntark niy character aril political faith, with submission to
the supreme authority, firm adherence to just principles, and defer-
ence to the public voice.
" A strict obedience, proceeding front my sense of duty, makes
me accept an office, which the laws forbid me to refuse. This sacred
investiture of power should hare been to some more experienced
subject, who would have consummated the great and immortal work
of rout 'Mon).
" cannot express m• gratinble toward the (lotted States of
Mexico ; I have been meditating it ever since the hour in which I
was informed that, by the Spain:lllMM suffrage of my fellow-citi-
zens, the greit weight of public administration rested upon my
weak shoulders. Thus situated I have invoked the protection of
the Eternal and Sovereign Dispenser of all good, that he might
heap his blessings upon the great nation that has honoured me with
its confidence, that he might lead me towards its aggrandizement
through the paths of justice.
" Fathers of our country ! depositaries of the public favor !
such are my sentiments in your august presence. The oath which
I shall this day pronounce, will ever be renewed before God, before
man and posterity.
" However, I will reprevnt to all my fellow.citizens, that the
hark of our State has to encounter a heavy and tempestuous sea—
that the vigilance and strength of the pilot cannot overcome the fury
of the winds--that her hull is not sound, andlarkness not yet entire-
ly removed from our northern star. Dangers are numerous, our
circumstances precarious; and nothing but the wisdom and pru-
dence of the representatives of the nation, aided by the Ruler of
our destinies, can pilot ear bark to the port of happiness.
•• The peat constitutional chart, the anchor of our hopes, de-
fends the powers and guides the aexiliaries of Government. The
effects of the administration which this day begins, will be attri-
buted to the wisdomot the Sovereign Constituint Congress at Mexi-
co—to the politiesuoG the future Chamber of Representatives—
to the skill and prartertet of the honourable Members of Congress;
tinally, to the enlixittenett Government and Authorities.
•• For my part, I will always respect right, and see duty fulfilled.
Our holy religion will neither wear the mournful garb of supersti-
lion, nor shall she be exposed to licentiousness. Independenze
shall be waled with n:y blood, and Liberty lost but with my life.
The union between all the Inhabit:tuts of the Republic, will be
firm and unalterable—persons and property shall be sacred—and
thus will puldie confidence be established. The form of Federal
Government adopted by the nation, must be maintained with all the
vigour of the laws. the nation shall be enlightened, and sound
morals diffused throughout our territory; its strongest support
shall be the liberty of the press.
" My care and vigilance will be directed towards the organization
and discipline of the army, and due regard for the soldiers of the
State—objects which are as interesting as independence itself. The
Mexican Bag shall Peat on the ocean, and over our shores. Friendly
relations with Foreign Powers will be cultivated, with the attention
required by our political existence, and by the good name of the
Mexican States. Nor shall any means of prosperity and greatness
be neglected.

" Ss your representative, my inexperience will probably be the
comic of many errors; but never, never shall they be intentional ;
therefore beg your indulge:lee.
`• Such ars the dictates of nil heart--such my principles. Mar
perish a thica3and tortes over St ever I deviate from filial, or blast
the hopes of my country."

BRISTOL SHIP CANAL.
Mr. InglfsAtail thought proper to calla meeting of the
public, and of the subscribers to this grrat national unikr-
biking, by an anonymous wirer' tisement, which was further
and duty posted by placards at the door of the London Ta-
vern, inviting all who passed to enter, as the chair would be
taken at one precisely. Passing at the time, and feeling
highly interested in every thing relative to this impm tan(
public work, an ascent of two pair of stairs landed us in
a room of large dimensions, occupied only with empty
benches, on which it did not appear that any sub.
scribers would be likely to seat themselves. However, at
a quarter past one, Mr. Ing'is appeared, and stated that a
Mr. Johnstone would take the chair, if any one would se-
cond the motion for his so doing, which was dune in due
form.

- • A:1 th-t can bi inferred from the account of the intestine
roubb s tirecce is, that the Turks, perceiving, after four dis.
grlc:ft.: carpi-signs, their inability ►o subdue the CIA by
c•rp:oy t;Truptlon to thi.!,l: :hexr.—N::: 0:- the Editor.

The fears expressed in our last, that a vessel bad been
lost in Carmarthen Bay, have unfortunately proved to be
too true. On the morning of Tuesday se'nnight the sloop
Menai, of Newport, Pembrokeshire, foundered off Rossilly,
and all hands on board perished. Although she was seen
going down, not the least assistance conkl be afforded her
or her ill-fated crew. A great part of her ricgin,c, has been
since washed ashore, and secured for ill,: bencit of the
owners.—Giunce!:,- ry•

Several Gentlemen talked together, but no one could ap-
Patently discover what the object of the meeting was, unfit
Mr. Inglis became a little warm, not withstamlin4 the cool-
ness of the apartment, and told them that he had paid, or
would pay, for the room, and that he wished to be heard ;
when silence was obtained, he informed them that he had
been black-balled by some one or other of the Committee, and
ateurie of the list, and applied such epithets to the respect-
able individuals constituting the present Committee, as we
would not willingly, for his make and for the sake of de-
Comm, put upon record : however, the worthy gentleman
seems to find comfort and 'airport in his pod friend, Mr.
Fortur.e, a person unknown to us, but who de-
scribed himself as of the city of London, who was d_•ter-
mined to hear the whole complaint of his oppressed friend ;
but as it appeared to the company present that Mr. Inglis
had nothing to complain of respecting the projected Canal,
but, on the contrary, was exceedingly favourable to the
success of it, a wish in which the r,st of the company
concurred, it was moved that the meeting should
adjourn, which was strongly opposed by Mr. Inglis
and his friend Fortune; however, the Chair be-
ing appealed to, in time the worthy Gentleman was
aroused to the duties of his important station, which,
by the bye, he had apparently forgotten, his atten-
tion having been occupied with a black sniff-box, which
we cannot say that " ever and anon he gave his nose," but
which was, nevertheless, not without its attractions. How-
ever, by the kind assistance of one of the company, he was
furnished, in pencil, -with the needful, to prevent mistake,
to wit—" It is moved Mat this ifeetingda adjourn," which
being read, was carried unanimously, excepting friend For-
tune. who informed that Mere Chairman that be was wrong
and foolish in putting !he adjournment. The question of
adjournment was put to the vote, but not one Hand was
held up, Mr. Fortune frowning in displeasure upon the
Chairman, and shrugging up his shoulders at his sim-
plicity.
The Meeting was dissolved, earl the whole company de-
parted, except about half a dozen, including Mr. john-
stone, Mr. Inglis, and Mr. Fortune, with whom Mr.
Inglis obtained a hearing, in the midst of which a few of
the departed returned ; still the principal auditor was Mr.
Fortune, and when Mr. Inglia had any heavy document to
refer to. Mr. Fortune advised him to pass that, as he (Mr.
F.) had an appointment to which he must attend ; and at
a quarter past two, having ourselves also mare important
engagements, which this punctuality reminded us of, we
abandoned the meeting, as others had done before us, in
disgust; we afterwards heard it had been finally adjourned.

D.v:r's Sow—Oatotx or me PitnAsE.—A few years
ago, one David Llovd, a Welshman, who kept an Inn at
Hereford, had a living sow with six legs; and the circum-
stance being publicly known, great numbers of all descrip-
tions resorted to the house. It happened that David had a
wife, who was much addicted to drunkenness, and for
which be used frequently to bestow on her a very severe
drubbing. One day in particular, having taken a second
extra cup, which operated in a very powerful manner, and
dreading the usual consequences, she went into the yard,
opened the stye-door, let out the ►ow, and lay down in its
place, hoping that a short unmolested nap would sufficiently
dispel the fumes of the liquor. In the mean time, how.
ever, a company arrived to see the so-much-talked-of
; and Daxy, proud of his office, ushered them to the
stye, exclaiming, " Did any of you ever see so uncommon
a creature before?"—" Indeed, Davy," said one of the
farmers. " I never before observed a sow so very drunk
in ell at: term Dr.::!!: us D.::.21J

EXPORTS TROY GRE•T IIRIT•IN TO ALL PARTS
OF THE WORLD.
EUROPE. .1. 1 £.- L. .C.
( North - 51,183,289 , 46,1841.436 4,1190,659
For' South . 24,695,0 i 1 28,447,176 3.752.164
Brit. i Gibr.ste. 6,679,082 ; 0.024,063 !
." 2,444.101
1 Irel. arc. 13,412,582 1 14,04,0.809 668,287
Europe - - 94,870.864 '96 658,163 ...:. 1.767.699
Asia . .I 9 008.437 , 13.964,176 4,063,691
Africa . . 1,488.066 2.142,699 674,583
America - 39,178.726 58,413.970 6,237,231
Grand Total . 156,626,145 103,281,319 12,755,174
---
Foreign Trade 105.957.4611 112,313.961 6,566,493
British Trade - 49,568,677 55,767,366 6,196,081
Russia - - 8,525.187 , 6,150.4ei 3,366.906
Sweden - . 422.710 ' 517,390 94.680
Denmark - 1,M.10,362 I 1.283,778 . 3,416
Prussia - . 3,350 012 2,297,188 1,062,624
Germany . 26.987.311 23,135,314 1,651,927
Belgium . 10,617,797 i 11.794,286 I 1,176,573',
France . . 3.339.349 3,6115,734 246,386
Portugal . 4.767.667 7,432,973 2,605,306
Spain . . 1.234.136 1.388.812 545,338
I I lily . . 11.862.823 13.2119.936 —. 1,347.133
Turkey . . 2,791,022 2,829.700 ~.. 30,678
•WERICA.
United States - 16,605,393 I 20,116.615 3,611,422
B. N. Colonies 5.47'2.478: 4.696.9119 775,462
B. West Imlies 14,627.073 ! 13.836.639 788,436
F. West Indies 13,473.775 . 17.763.535 — 4,231,703

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.
St a,—With referenceTolrtTvo articles which have ap-
peared in yuur Papers of the 28th ult. and 4d inst., on the
comparative condition of the labouring classes in this Coun-
try and in the West Indies, I beg to Melo* you a third.
in which the asurtions of the gmancipalists arc contrasted
with the official declarations-4f three of His Alajesty's
R.presentatives in the Colonies.' ,1 leave it to your readers
to pronounce to whom the greater credit should he given,
not doubting that they will perceive the utter falsehood of
the charges which have beta brought against the Colonists,
and form a due estimate of the men who have had reeuu►sc
to such an unjustigible system of hostility.
I am, Er,
Your very obedient Servant,
WEST

Extract from the Message of Sir Extract from the last Number
Charles Brisbane, Governor of of the Edinburgh Oc-
St. Vincent's, to the Speaker tuber 11124 (No. 80, p.
of the /louse of Assembly, " years have
with Lord Bathurst's •• Cir. elapsed aince the right of the
culir."--Sept. 1, 11123. staves have occupied Inc anxious
" From a residence of nearly attentioo of the people in this
fifteen yetis in this Colony, I country, twenty years since the
am happy to bear testimony to Legislature distinctly warned the
the kind and careful treatment of slave owners that it was resolved
the Slaves by every proprietor to better their condition: seven.
het c; and lum highly gratified teen since the law lifted its voice
by being able to state, that many to command that right and jus-
of the improvements suggested tics be done them ; sot ON, step,
by the Government et home have Ittasever, has yet been takta to-
been already anticipated by the words a cam:pliant' with Pave
humanity and wisdom of those warnings. er an obedience to Ale
who have legislated for this command."
Colony during my residence in Again, at page 223, it is reite-
it. more particularly that part rated in Italics, after stating that
where religious instruction is it is seven-and-twenty years since
mentioned; and it will, I am the Assetnblies were specially
sure, afford great satisfaction to urged to promote the instruction
his Ma;esty's Governmi nt, that of the slaves by 3lissioneries—.
this has been must assiduously "It is admitted on all hand,.
attended to by every proprietor." that *atilt': whatever has &es
Extract from the Spi.ich of Go- thine."
vernar Nicolay, of Dominica, Extract from a pamphlet by Jas.
to the House of Assembly.— Stephen. Esq. Master in Chan-
Sep_t. 7, 1821 car, entitled, Ilcosims foe Ile-
" The Governor sends here- gistry, p. 37:
with a copy of the Order in •• The same is the opprobrious
Council for Ameliorating the truth as to every other legal re-
Condition of the Staves in Tri- formation, that it is necessary to
nidad:— promote the native increase of
". Nis Majestp's Government the shires, and meliorate their
have observed with great setts- condition. Nuthhig. fa short.
faction, that in late years the has ever been ostensUy attempt-
Leztislatures of several Colonies ed, but that which the Astern-
have, with much advantage. el- blies have admitted to be hn.
(retell the consignation of their practicable."
Slave Laws; and that the Go- Page 38.—" The Assemblies
rernment of Dominica, it; the have not only continued, but in
year 1821, passed an Act, not some Colonies have very recently
strictly en Act of Consolidat'on, originated, laws calculated to
but containing many enammints perpetuate slavery, by obstruct-
highly creditable to t 5 elves ing manumission. •In what
and bemfivial to the Sor.e pupa. country accursed with slavery is
" this stinking fund of mercy, this
Extract from the 3lessage of his favour of the laws to human re.
Grace the Duke of Man- demption, taken away fflusese
cheater, Governor of Jamaica, and horror must ant deter as
to the Ifouee of Assembly.— front ?tweeting the truth ;itis in
Nov. I I, 11124. the dominions of Great Britain.
_ _

" llif Grace the Governcr has Thiu And and cruel abuse of k_
teen instructed by Earl Bathurst gis/4iire powrr has been reserv.
to bring under :be consideration eil tit Assemblies boastful of an
of the House of Assembly, the English constitution, and eon.
whdle of the measures which his veiled by the British (Town."
Majesty's Government have in
contemplation for the meliati-
tion rat the state of the Slav:

popitiatton. Tht Legis:atare rf
JiMid ica shourtd so mach aßtio

for tlbc improvraseat of the coo.
.diliats of Ms Slaves, by many of
the provisions of the Cor.sult,
dated slave Act of Iltls. that it
is impossible to believe they will
now refuse to go farther. On at.
tentively considering the provi.
clone of the Ortler in Council,

they will not fail to perceive
much which praeticr has already
rstablishird la Jairlatmandrehic4

require& little more than iticjhr.
mil sanction of a law to corn.

plete.

(advertisement.)—.Mess Foorr:.—The interest that ill:3
lady's re-appearance on the stage is likely to excite, has
been considerably, heightened by an eloquent champion,
the author of the favourite Gijos, " Smiles and Tears,"
a delightful volume of Sketches and Tales, which has
attracted so much notice in the literary world. The in-
justice of hhtltting a female out of society in consoquencc
of her firs: error is most feelingly and forcibly painted.
We know not which to admire mast, the elegant manner in
which the author has treat: LI his subject, or th• spirts by
which it is dictated.


LAW LIFE ASSE'RANCE CoMP.I.N'T.
The .dainivereary Dinr.er of the law Life Assurance Co.Lt..t.ty
was held yesterday, ai the Preemasons"Pavern, Queemstte,:t,
AVii.trasiv, Esq. M.P. hi the Cliefr- • There Were
present about '2OO gentlemen ; the dinnersias supplied in excelleqt
style, by the proprietor of the tavern ; ais4l the evening passed a: it
the utmost conviviality mut good feeling.
The professional singers in attendance were Mr. Taylor, 31r.
Jolley. 31r. Phillips, and Master Smith.
Inimedixtrly after the removal of the cloth. the Wykarnists'
Glace, .• Benedirters sit Deus," was sung with eonattlerable elFe:t.
• The CHAII MAX then gave " The King." Thd toast web
drunk with :hree times three, arid the greatest enthusiasm. Anthem
--•• God save the King."
Tile toasts next given were—" The Duke of York, and the
Royal Family," and " the Army and Navy." Tunc—" Rule Bria
tannic"

The CHAIRMAN then rose to congratulate the Society on the
Report that had been read and mceirCo at a meeting in the morn-
ing, by which it appeared that the Society ryas prospering greatly
that ira business had materially increased the •Ir.st twelve
months, and especially diaitig the latter four months ; and that he
prospects of success were such as to answer the most sanguine
of i:s admirers. lie congratulated the Society on having that
morning come to the determination of admittingitheir lartthrtn
r. cotland to a participation in the c fidoantage; to b derived from OA
Institution. This he was convinced would have a 'good edict, as
the more that gentlemen of the profession of the law were drawn
together, the greater would be the benrit to society at large. He
would, therefore, cheerfully give—" Prosperity to the Lev Lite
Insurance Company," aLd, what was most material to that Cow•
pany-:- ).one Lift to the Insurer."
Song—'" Faithies Comm" • •
The toasts then given were—" The Lord rlifttellor." " The
Lord Chief Justice of the CtArct of King's 13'me , and the otler
Judges of the land."

4rMg--111. Taylor.
Mr. Sergeant Pia is: rose to premose the 'waft!l of a Learned
Gentleman, who had long been a member of the profession, whorl
he remembered to have been once actively and successfully engaged
in the Courts at Wertniinster Hall—and who, although he had
quitted the, profession, had not deserted it—diut *hp, by beim...
then present at the meeting, ',toyed both his reeollettiun of it and
his respect for it— • •
" The Chairman—lVltliam Williams, F.sq."
The CHAIR XA s, in returning thanks.. observed that he ahotl
always remain attached to the ptofcasion in which lit had spent E:s
earlier clays—rin which- indeed, he had teinained till the meridian
of his life. Ile had left it with regret, and his !rating it was twirl!
to circtimatinees over which he had no 'Control t but he should
continue to esteem and respect it as long es he liyeA. Ile thanked
the Meeting most cordially for the honour they had done him.
Oles--" 31yrikeer l'andunk.".
The " Tcustee% of the Society" tray then Oven.
Arcutiox, Esq. for himself and ilia biother Trustees;
rethrned thabks.

song. Mr. The Earth is a Toper." .
The Citainsraw then observed, that the prosperity of the Sc.'
eiely, in a great degree, depended on its Uireerors., ll' hen lie ir-
formed the meeting that 700 policies had herb issued, and that licit
three deaths had occurred, he ntal not offer any other proof that all
Managers had done their duty. /le would, therefore. propose their
healthy.
- COI'AtINAY, Esq., for himself 'end his brother Directors,
returned thanks. The sphere; In which they had to act, he observed,
was limited..and the success of 'Society nreirdy depended on the
exertions of the Propri,tom, at least a gret deal more thfri it did 03
the Direates. Some person' had fhoufrlit that the Society hrsd
been tooiewhat Quixotic in giving a protii of 4s. 51. to the insurer;
but he thought this obbuld endure the l'roprietors to recommend
their clients top) to an office *here they might iastire under such
advantageous circumstances. lie hoped that each Protirietor would
aet as if the success of the !nittitutlren dettinded on himself, and
then its success must be ensured.
" The Auditors" were then given. -
Mr. CAM/Ml:l.c returned thanks. Be said that the services of
the Auditors, if jealous, had been agreeable, for they had had no.
thing to do but to notice the rising progress of di.. Society. Ole of
its advantages, and not the least, was, that the meinhers of it were
enabled to meet together ;a they then met, that, while they endear
soured to provide for their posterity after death, they might make
their own lives more agreeable and happy.
Sang, 4Taster Smith,—" sweet Mote."
'l'ne nett toast wu—`• The etewards."
Mr. ALDlnsoir returned thanks.
The Ciraitstsit then said, he wou7sl 'propose as a toast the pro.
ftsfion that was equally dear to them as lawyers and as English.
men—" The Bar."

P Esrox, Esq. said, that the proudest der of his life wat
the day on which he entered the profession. While they were clan
plimenting the barristers, the'y should not forget that perhaps
greater degree of merit is as due 'o the attorneys ; they were the pea
soni who sought for and discos:tired talent, and recommended to
their clients those persons who, no matter how low might be their
stations. were the best calculated to defend the properues and thi
righta of their cAinntrymen. Those men might therefore be thanked
for the present high situation in which the liar stnod ; for never it
the Bar W 11.3 there a remote assemblage of talent, of knowledge, and
of learning, than at the present day. It had risen, and lie was (NW:
vinced wouhl rise. So tonoklable did the spirit and the resolutki
of the English advocates appear to a despot—the Czar Peter—tha;
when he heard one of them argue in the cause of freedom in ore or
our Courts, he said, •• I have but one %tch in my country, aril.
when I return I will cut off his head."

Glee—•• the pleasant spring."
The etraik ast said, that he felt the*eiklit of the last speaker's
remarks, and knew how much the Bar was Indebted to the att.,r-
neys for the talent by which It wai graced. lle would thereforf
propose," The Attorneys and Solicitors."
Gkrysr, Esq. returned thanks.
S.ing-31r. Phillips.
The health of Dr. Latham, Phyilcian to the inatitutlon, waS
then drurk.

Mr. OL.nvism proposed the health of Mr. Preston, and slid
that when the Institution las In its infancy, and had many diflicul-
ties to ettottnter„ that Gentleman was its firmeitt friend, and whim,
in a great measure, its II tirten was owing.
Mr. Pittsyme returned thanks. He said that from the moment
he became acquainted with the views of the Society, and the prtn.4
pect it hail of being so universally beneficial, he became warmly
interested for its success.
Mr. %'tzanD apologized for the absence of Mr. Ilroughtni,
who, he said; was, with many other valuable tnetnbers of the Insti-
tution, attending • dinner usually given nt the Members of the
Opposition en the evening previous to the ortnieg Af Parliament.
Ile proposed the health of dlr. I;roughain, which was drank with
enthusiasm.

The Chairman left the Meeting abobt ten &clock, but the con-
viviality of the evening was continued to a much later hour.

LIVERPOOL, TUESDAY EVENItYG. .
Wind W. to S.W. by %T.-71177{h Water la minutes pan 9.

Arrived the Crown, from St. Andrews, N.B. ; Claude,
Scott, from Demerara, sailed Dec. 11 ; Joseph and Farm),
from Newport ; Isabella, from Pernambuco : IVoodinan,
from New Brunswick ; Union, from Waterford ; Thomas
and Ann, from Dublin ; Preston, from ditto; Hereford.
shire, from Waterford ; Lady Elizaheth, from Isle of
Mann; Liverpool, from Glasgow ; Swan, from ditto ;
City of Dublin, from Dublin ; Edward, from Belfast ;
Albion, from Leghorn ; Mersey, from Dublin ; Vint,
from ditto ; Morganstein, from Antwerp.
One trig ofd; at five o'clock.
By private letters received here from Demerara. dated
Dec. 6, we learn that Storey, who was to have suffered *
severe corporal punishment for forgery, has receiv4
permission from the Governor to appeal to the King iu
Council, which ha availed himself of. 'this permiszieti
was received the (lay before the punishment was to bar.,
been inflicted. The Governor has this authority by the
Dutch Law.

The sale by auction, fills day, of Gnatitnala indigo, went
cif at very high prices ; the best EJld at 13s. Id. per lb.
the ordinary at los. a los. Gd.

The Indian, from Hutu°. Ayres for Liverpool, pluz.il
Holyhead yesterday.

CORN MARKET, TUESDAY. Frk. t.
The Market this day very dull indeed. and Wheat Yd. a 31. per
70 lb. lower ; Oats about id. lower than ThOrsday last ; Barley
end Flour dull also. and looking down ; Bonded Grain and Flour
remain without alteration.
