.T.~ _.. _ .. ~_

• •

• these inaMiameiectured In Tlpperaressaam list had long siuce
t
and thenteePfd hid also recently MIN& on the Roman Ca.
Clergymen liewming acquainted with the real principles of
institution. (Ilear,'heara He (Mr. 8.) PM hales, further
Mate
that throughout the 'Stole district of Tipperary, theatuund-
lathe principles of the Society were admitted,eind there trete
nee or three instance* of pentevering oppositipn. Thh was
as satisfactory as opposition had formerly been most violent
there. (Hear, hear). The Hon. Gentleman concluded by moving
the following Resolution :
" That the grateful acknowledgements of this meeting be re-
turned to the Most Noble the President, to the Right Reverend,
Right Honourable, and others the Vice-Presidents, for their con-
tinued sanction : to the Treasurer, Secretaries, and Committee, for
their exertions."
Archdeacon Tnexest seconded the resolution. He was "bred
and born" in Ireland, and he was even a Connaught man; (a
laugh ;) and connected as he was by the Ministy with that part of
Ireland which, in the hour of need, had most wanted, and whose
wants and weaknesses were relieved by this country, he could not
consent to give a silent suffrage on this occasion. (Hese, hear.)
The ignorance of the people had been a principal cause of their
misery, and this Society had greatly contnbuted to diminish that
misery by dispelling ignorance, and, by the best mode, the light
' of the Gospel. It was with pleasure he would assure them that This
countrymen heaped benedictions on their heads for the advantages
they derived front them, and of which they were fully sensible and
deeply grateful. He was desirous of saying a ward upon the sub-
ject Of education ; he understood there was a Commission ap-
pointed to inquire into the state of education in Ireland, and that
they were shortly about to make a report to Government. He had
strong reason to apprehend that in that report it was recommended
that the Scriptures should be excluded from the schools, and that
by some wretched and contracted compromise it was proposed
to substitute some other book in its stead. (Hear, hear, hear.)
Ile stated this to induce them not to relax one iota in their Aims,
but to continue them with increased earnestness. Their effort was
a noble one ; it was the emancipation of the human mind from
ignorance, (Hear, hear.) No political right, no political advan-
tage was of equal importune with this ; and as he was upon the
subject of right., he would admit that every member of a governs
ment had a right to enjoy all the blessings and advantages of its
constitution; but he might forfeit that right, and the question
would then arise, when would be the proper time to restore it to
him. He (Archdeacon Trench) would say that time would be
when he was emancipated from ignorance ; then and not until then
would he be qualified to receive the benefit of political emancipa-
tion. (Hear. i lie was glad to see so large an assembly as the
present supposing this excellent Institution, and he could assure
them that there was many a g,nreful heart that day offering up a
prayer to Heaven for ahesuccess of their exertions that day. (Hear,
ear.)
The Treasurer here read the accounts of last year. The follow.
lowing is a list of the subscriptions :
Z. s. d.
The Subscriptions and Contributions of the last year
amount to - - . 1099 4 2
Auxiliary Contributions - - . 44112 16 4
Ditto in Ireland - - • 2252 2 6
Legacies . -
Collecting Boxes . . 22 13 II
Collection Sermon . - - 30 4 10
He also stated that the Society last year had expended 1.5001.
more than received, and that their receipts this year presented an '
increase of 6001. upon the receipts of last year. The annual expen-
diturew.us 111,3461. 3..
The Earl if lioeesevaiar, in proposing the next Resolution,
had only to congratulate the Society upon the progress they lisd
made, and to express his entire approbation of their principles.
As to the charge of proselytism that had been made against this
Soeie y—if it was a proselytism from error to truth, it was a de-
sirable change, and one that ought, in his opinion, to be one that
did not furnish a ground of reasonable complaint, His Lordship
concluded by moving—
" That this Meeting gratefully acknowledges the goodness of
Almighty God in overruling the recent opposition in Ireland, so as
to excite a more general and earnest desire for the perusal of the
Sacred Scriptures, and feel indispensably bound, by every con.
sideration, to return their most respectful thanks to the Committee
of the British and Foreign Bible Society, fur their kind and muni-
ficent donation of 30,000 Testaments and 3,000 Bibles during the
past year."
The lion. BAPTIST Note. seconded the Resolution. In speak.
ing of the experience he had of the progress of the Society in Ire-
land,
he would as much as possible restrain leis feelings, and
refrain from any expression of harshness, of the opposition which he
had there encountered, and found to prevail to the principles of this
, Society. He would, however, speak as he felt, for en honest mind
was a fearless one. (Hear, hear.) It was a matter of regret and
surprise to him to find, notwithstanding the great advantages de.
rived from this Society in Ireland, that there were not 900 sub-
scribers to it in that country. In furthering the interests of the In-
stitution in Ireland, he had to complain of the interference of men
not connected with time Societe, of great political sagacity and acu-
men certainly, but whose interference appeared to Mini to be for the
promotion of political schemes. Until lately, the only sort of ir.
sutution known in Ireland was what was known by the name of
" I I edgc-schoolt" They were formed under no regular system;
the master could not be said to have any control in them; and
he had the authority of Mr. S. Rice and Mr. O'Driacoll, for
saying, that books of the most pernicious moral tendency was to be
found in them. The Roman Catholics complained of the Lela!
laws, and said that they prevented the progress of education. He
co adenined those laws as much as any person ; but the laws affect-
ing education bad been repealed fur the last thirty years. Besides,
it app -Reed in the evidence before the Committee of the House of
Common. (and this was an answer to the complaint of poverty
made b) tie Roman Catholics), that the principal part of the pro-
p sty in toe counties of Kilkenny and Waterford was in the hand.
of Raman Cathofies, and where their Bishops had the power of se-
curing the funds of a v want living, as appeared also in the evi-
dence before the Committee; and when the clergy and people of
Ireland could find it convenient to subscribe 1,4001. to a society
torroed for a political purpose, the plea of poverty foe not educat-
ing the people, came with a very bad grace front them. Many of
the Roman Catholic clergy discharged their duties, be believed.
with exemplary propriety ; but their opposition to the circulation of
the Scriptures was to hint unaccountable on any reasonable ground.
lie knew that there was dew upon the most marshy ground--
that rain fell upon the water—that anow-cled Alps were tinged with
snow—but such a waste of nature was not so great as would
be the waste of grace, if the reading of the Scriptures was to be con-
fined to a privileged few, and under the superintendenceof a priest.
He appealed to those who knew what are called stations in Ire-
land. at which the congregation were to be seen laughing and in-
dulging in various sports, both before and after Divine Service.
Those who knew Ireland must be aware that adequate religious
instruction could not ante through such means. Those who know
the cold-heartedness which enlightened Christians have felt on
son.e occasions, when attending divine service. may imagine the
degree of devotion which a poor Irish peasant feels, upon hearing
the prayers of his Church repeated in the Latin language. (Hear,
hear.) It was said there was sometimes an exposition of the
Epistle and Gospel, and also an exposition of the Church
Catechism. This practice, he understood, only prevailed in town
and not in the country. He did not know in what proportion the
exposition of the Gospel, and the exposition of the Catechiam was
made, but ire thought it was not too much to say that in mine cases '
out of ten it was the Catechism was expounded, and in one case
out of ten the Goipel. Ile would ask, was this a state of things
which the Christian principles and sympathies of England could
allow to go on ? The Society acted on facts--facts which could not
be controverted, and which the Meeting was bound to hear, be-
cause those whom he addressed could not admit circumstances to
exist, which they could not bear to hear. Ile now came to the op-
position which attended the efforts of the Society. The opposition
did not arise from the suspicion of proselytism, but because the
Bible w is the basis of the Society's operations. At a meeting,iii
Waterford, they were told that the Bible led to anarchy and crime,
and that it ought to be protested against. Tne opposition to the
London Hibernian Society was the result of combination and
system, and he should not withhold front the Meeting that it re-
quired all the efforts of the friends of the Society in this country to
put down the bad spirit which prevailed. If it was not met by
energy and determination in this country, the opposition would go
to a greater extent and daily become more powerful. At the same
time, he should inform the fleeting, that though they were not
aided by this country, there were in England good men who were
determined to go forward, even though they sealed the testimony
with their blood. Aided by this country, these good men could
effect wuch, and he had no doubt, that even the liberal Roman
Catholics, disgusted by the vehement opposition which had been
offered, would at length concur in the system pursued by the ',na-
tion Hibernian Society, and assist to promote a system of educa-
tion, at once 'alighted, Christian, innocent, and harmless.
The Rev. Mr. Pore, of Cork, was called upon by the Chairman
to move the Fifth Resolution. As he came forward towards the
front of the platform, Mr. LawLESS rose at a distant end of the
Hall, and attempted to address the Chair.
Amidst cries of " Order," the CHAISM•fr rose and said, we
cannot hear any person from that quarter of the Hall, and we can
only hear those Gentlemen who are connected with the Societe.
Mr. Law LESS stood for wine minutes upon one of the benches,
apparently resolved to obtain a hearing ; but after two or three in.
effectual efforts sat down.
The Rev. Mr. Port then came forward, and spoke as follows :
Though I might, my Cord, perhaps with some degree of justice,
plead indisposition and my youth as an excuse for not presenting
myself to your Lordship's notice, and to that of such an assembly
as now tit:ermine! me; yet, being an Irishman, I feel that I should
be shrinking front the discharge of re duty, did I refuse to lend my
humble assistance on an occasion like the prevent. Before I read
the resolution which I hold in my hand, your Lordship will permit
me to say, that while I trust I may 'peat with the fearlessness of
a man, I hope that I may be enabled at the seme time to deliver
my sennments with the meekness of a Christian. (Mr. Pope here
read the resolution.) The object of this resolution evidently is to
eta sin pecuniary assistance fur the Society. I stand then, me Lord,
at your bar to when Mel to the funds of the London Hibernian
School Society, and as every pleader should have grounds upon
which he rests his case, I lung permission to trespass for a short
time upon your Lordship's attention, and that of this preseneassem-
bly, by adducing a few reasons why I conceive the present appeal
to ho well founded. In the first place, we beg to observe, that a
judicious system of education is fitted to improve the temporal
condition. While on the one hand, we do not assert that all the
evils which desolate Ireland, are attributable to ignorance, nor on
the ocher, that the communication of this Institution will prove a
panacea to all her woes; yet we are soberly convinced that a wail.
organised plan of education should occupy a very praininent station
in any system of moral machinery devised for national ameliora-
tion, It is superlium fin we if) equark, that ceweativa cspee:de

the mind, anti impacts an idea of comfortoond # spirit of honours
able self-support and independence, that will nrd, stiffer the man
who possess" them to lie degraded in a elate of abjeet,PauPeriam.
Some of the erihatlffeli afflict Ireland arise Cram disunion : asso.
Nations and prejudices calculated to break the bonda,of amity
and iixid'afellolshilk are cherished,. The education for early life
of the rising generation of different desoisinatioos and parties,
under the same roof, in the same elementary books; MM., aboie
all, in the knowledge of the same Sacred'Volutue. Is surely cal-
culated to soften thom prejudices, andat tfie same time to deMerit
those bonds whit* ought so unite man to man. Rut it is not milady
on the ground of, an `Education Society being fitted to ainelimate
the temporal circumstances of those who participate in its bentdits,
that we solicit asaistante. Alan is not to be viewed solely Man
Inhabitants etc thematent world—be is but • pilgrim here,jeunity-
ing is eternity. - We ask, is lie by nature qualified for an entrance
upon the world of spirits Scripture informs us, and observation
corroborates tbetestnoby, that by nature 'PP is a _Mensprolort
being ' Veneta the curse of God's violated lap, that hfs
affections are estranged from their • rightful Soverein—bie
moral denitititioa diseised and ritieted. We claim their so-
operation* in circulating a volume atriong the adult and youthful
portion of the cummunity, which announces peace and
,pitrdon,,
rich, free, and complete, through the atoning blood of Catiary,
which proclaims reconciliation throligh the mediatorial sacrifice of
the great Redeemer ; that contains truths,: which, when believed
under the agency of the Divine 'Spirit, renovates Man, and restores
him, in some little measum; to* that mate of moral resemblance to
his Creator in which he vas-originally formed. The next ground
upon which 1 would rest my solicitation is, the adapation,of'the
London Hibernian Society's system so the circumstances of Ireland.
I will not dwell upon this particular ;• the Society's sever"! Reports
contain, in detail, the principles upon, which the Institution acts,
I will merely observe, that the plan cloptcdiby the Society is opt
mere theory ; it is the fruit of practical experiment, and years of
trial have denionstramd its efficacy. The rest reason why 'I would
crave assistance is, the increasing demand fur Schools and Scripture
readers ; to this particular the Resolution adverts. I can bear
testimony to the readiness with which instruction fur their chihlrep
is embraced by the peasantry. And, allow me to remark, that
that readiness continues notwithstanding the opposition. Might I
here be permitted to state a fact or two, in order to show that the
diacussiuns which recently took place in Ireland were attended with
beneficial results. In the first plum, there was au increase, I be-
lieve, of over 6,000 copies of the Scriptures in the issue from the
Hibernian Bible Society's repository for the lad year. There was
an increase of 6,000 for the whole year, while for the last quarter,
ending December, there was an increase of 3,000 above the pre-
ceding quarter. The discussion commenced, I think, in Septem-
ber, and continued, with some intervals, till about the 18th of No-
vember. From die coincidence or the discussions, the increase in
the issues of the Sacred Scriptures, and the demand for the inspired
volume in the towns in which the discussions took place, may we
not fairly infer that that issue was mainly owing to the spirit of in-
quiry which the discussions excited. Another fact which I beg to
mention is, that subsequently to a discussion twenty poor
Roman Catholics met together, to debate whether they ought
to read the Scriptures. They decided the question in the
affirmative. After another discussion, nearly, if no: fully two
hundred Roman Catholics attended a lecture on the Scriptures,
and conducted themselves with the utmost decorum and propriety,
and evinced the greatest attention. But in special reference to the
anxiety of the pearantry to obtain instruction for their children, I
beg to state two anecdotes. lam aware that these anecdotes will
tell against the Roman Catholic priesthood; at the same time,
though I differ lulu cal,' from them, I .in willing to bear my tes-
timony to the zeal and unwearied exertion which they display in
the prosecution of their professional labours. A poor woman who
had been in the habit of sending her children to a school in which
the Scriptures were read, was vatted by her Priest. Ile laid her
under a solemn obligation to discontinue sending her children. The
poor woman was much distressed, and she actually sent a message
to a lady connected with the school, stating that though she herself
could not send her children, she entreated the lady to said and
insist upon their going. The children of another woman were
observed to absent themselves from the school which they had been
in the habit of attending ; the mother was visited ; she stated that
she had been deprived of the rites of her church.
Lord GOSPOND here rose. He did not conceive that it would be
advantageous to the interests of the Society to prolong the line of
discussion adopted by the Rev. Gentleman. arhatever difference
there may be on particular subjects, he thought the Society should
soar above them, and only think of the principles upon which they
acted. He (Lord Gafford) did not admire the system of making
statements which the individuals concerned in were not present to
reply to. He did not think the line of artminent pursued by the
Rev. Gentleman was cilculated to promote the objects of the So-
dety.
Mr. Pore resumed, and raid: Bowing to the suggestion of the
Noble Lord, I shall not proceed exactly in the same strain. I beg
leave briefly to notice a point or two more—the advanced period of
the day, and a knowledge of the gentlemen who are to follow me
require brevity. I would ground our claims upon the necessity
which exists for such a Society, as that whose cause we are advocat-
ing. I say that it is impossible that the Roman Catholic Priest-
hood, from their numerous avocations, and from the extent of their
pOsheg, could supply instruction to all the youth of their respective
tiweka. I rest not this remark neon mere observation, but upon a letter
adilsessed by the Rev. Mr. Doyle, Parish Priest of Bray, county
Wlthiew, to the Roman Catholic Associa,ion, requesting a supply
iftass:s and books, and founding his application upon his own
ability, arising from his professional engagements, to Supply in.
struction to all his charge. I may add, that were the Roman Ca.
tholic Priesthood able to communicate instruction to any individual
member of the flocks—viewing the instruction in the light of the
Reve!ation with which we have been blessed, I cannot avoid consi-
derirg it as opposed to Scriptural truth. And therefore I would
crave Scriptural education for my countrymen. Lastly, my Lord,
I would remind the present assembly of the debt which this country
owes to Ireland. Six centuries have the two countries been united.
I will connect but one remark with this statement: look at the
state in which Ireland is. But I forget that I plead in the presence
of Britons. Whence the need of fervour and warmth in the pre.
thence of those who, when Ireland's temporal necessities demanded
relief, generously and munificently came forward, and drove famine
from her shores ? I will merely say, that bounty, splendid and
well-titued and necessary as it was, has passed away like the niorn.
ing cloud or the early dew. The effects of the London Hibernian
Society and of similar institutions are not limited by time. When
this world shall have passed away, the glorious results of the labours
of this Institution will, we trust, under the Divine blessing, be dis-
played in many a glorified spirit encircling the everlasting throne,
anti singing Hallelujahs to God and to the Lamb tar ever and ever.
The Reverend Gentleman concluded amidst repeated cheers.
The Rev. Mr. HOWICS, seconded the fifth Resolution. lie de.
fended the Society against the charge of proselytism. The only
instrument now was the Bible, and if this be proselytism, he
hoped all men would be proselytes. lie hoped that doleful day
would never come when scriptural education should be withheld
from Ireland. (Hear.)
W. C. WILSON, Esq. M.P. proposed the sixth Resolution. It
was to the following effect:—
,e That the warmest thanksof this Meeting be presented to those
Clergymen and other Ministers, who have, during the past year,
preached on behalf of this Society ; to the various congregations
who have contributed to its funds, and to the several Auxiliary and
other Institutions in Scotland, England, and Ireland, by whose
exertions its objects have been so essentially promoted.
The Rev. E. lavisto, in seconding this Resolution, could not
express the agony he felt at the interruption of his Reverend
Waller, who had been detailing the interesting facts to the Society
which fell within the scope of his observation in Ireland. He had
been waging a spiritual warfare there, and he came to give an ac-
caunt of what be had witnessed, when he was put down and inter-
rupted by those rules and regulations which prevail in political
assemblies, but which ought not to have been introduced there. If
such regulations were to prevail he, far one, would retire in silence,
and preach the word of God, and opholdlithe glory of the Gospel of
God in that place in which lie would not fear interruption—in
which the King upon the throne dare not interrupt him. ( Muek
applause.l This Society rests upon a rock—that rock was the':
Scriptures: and if they changed or teeandoled the sound tbuodi.
tion on which they stood they would not fix unon o le so secure and
certain. The Roman Catholics had been sp kain of; but they had
to fear not so much from the Ru.nan Catholics as they had front
their own indifference arid apathy, and hesitation to execute the
sacred commission of Christ, which has been entrusted to
them. They should uphold the Church, maintain the prin-
ciples they professed, and in which they believed, and not
permit the melees upon any occasion to abstain maintaining
its doctrines. The dissemination of the Gospel was the moat
effectual way of bringing about the moral regeneration of
a people. To it Caledonia, bleak Caledonia, owed the morality of
its people, and their dependence upon their own industry, and their
independence of others; and she was now anxious to extend the
blessings which she enjoyed to the sister island, and greatly would
she rejoice to see " Green Erin" enjoy the same spiritual efflorence
that she possessed, and was proud in the poseeesion of. He was
desirous of making these few observations in seconding this Reso.
lotion ; he did not know what risk he ran in making them, but he
knew what risk he should encounter if lie did not make them.
(Applause. )
A complimentary vote of thanks to the Chairman (Lord Gann.
bier) was then nioved by Lard BAH/lASI, seconded by Sir T.
Banta',

His Lordship briefly returned thanks; after which the meeting
broke up at nearly tire o'clock.
Mr. O'Gorman, Secretary to the Roman Catholics of Ireland,
Mr. Kirwan, and several Roman Catholic gentlemen, were present,
bet were prevented by the rule of the Society from speaking. Mr.
O'Gorman, in the course of the business of the meeting, emphati-
cally protested against " the unfairness of aspersing the religion of
the people of Ireland, without affording them an opportunity of
vindication."

COMDIN•TION—OUTRAGE--There have been, parti-
cularly in Dublin, several outrages committed by the dif-
ferent classes of artizans. Late as the Session is, we ap-
prehend that Parliament will be induced, before its close,
to pass some very vigorous measure to put down this dread-
ful evil—an evil as demoralizing to the workmen themselves,
as it is injurious to the employers. As to the acts of ruffian
outrage which have recently been committed in Dublin,
there is no excuse for them. We are only surprised that
the Police have not adopted means to bring the perpetrators
to justice. There is none that will pity them ; but, what
is worse, they will be the means of inflicting a most severe
penal law upon the sober and industrious pan of their own
4otly.ft—Dubliti Erenirty Port.


-TO THE EDITOR OF TILE BRITISH PRP-SW.
Sta,—Having read with considerable interest the ex-
tracts glee's In the British Press from the Austrian•Citte-
chess:, and utiabk to procure it from the want of
knowing by whit Proper title to inquire for it, if you could
infohn•ane where a copy of it is to be obtained, you would
really oblige, sir, Yours, &c. • •
Chapter ogee House, 7th May. - •
The pemAlet to which our correspondent alludes is entitled,
" Doveri del Suthliti verso it lore alonarca per istruzlone ed eser-
ehio di lettujia polls eieconda Claaw Belle Scuole elernentari." It
was printed by adihority ,at Milan, at the Imperial and Royal
Press. The copy in our possession was brought from Italy by a
friend, and there is perhaps not another in this country. • Out cot.
respondent, however, is welcdme to inspect the original for his sa-
tisfaction at our office.—En. Bina% Pa. .
•
WEST INDIA CD.VPAA'I".
.•
No. 111. r.• . .
,TO THE ,EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.
.SlisWe now arrive at that part of this subject 'Which excites
the deepest solicitude, pot only in the leSialeture but in the com-
muhity at large. It iv that of the welfare of the negroes, which
universally clams paramount consideration. This is therefom the
theme uniformly employed by the Anti-Slavery Society, to praetlae
on the credulity of the public, well'finowing that to enlist the feel-
ings 'ln controversial warfare, is to secure victory. Even on the
present occasion, where the hostility of its leade' to the proposed
company springs purely out of their fears, lest it should inter-
fere-with a scheme of their own, they know well that the much
*Mlee! -raise of benevolence will be the surest deltaic for their de-
sign. Consistently with this object, they have setabout illustrating
. the'novel arguerfeqt, that theprosperity of the master is injurious to
his slave. His valiti belt* enhanced, they say, the obstasies to his
obtaining his manumission are increased. One cannot but be
struck with the wonderful discrepancy between these arguments and
those in the former employ of the same party. Let us turn to the
writinsptand the speeches of the Abolitionists, and what topic shall
wt there find most strenuously enfofced ? Why, it is the aggrava-
tinn of the lot of the slate, from his liability to belong to sonic dis-
tressed• planter, without the power nommen, by 'abeam io this
country similarly circumstanced, otchanging his eitiroyer ; and
thus his destiny being inseparable from that of his muster, no ills-
tress can reach the one which does not involve the other. Sush
have been the arguments unsmilingly reiterated by the opponents
of the colonial systern. Mr. ATllberforce, in his speech In 1708, ie
particularly emphatic .epon tb:s point. The Edinburgh /leviers,.
Mr. Stephen, Mr. Macauley, Indeed all the writes of the Anti-
Slavery Sxiety, dwell oh it aethe strain best calculated to mese
the public sympathy. Mr. Brodghain, too, ever since fur political
convenience Ise stooped to become an apostate frdm his former
principles, has steadily relied on it as his surest bait for parliamen-
tary applause. Now, in proportion to our belief in the sincerity of
these individuals, must be our expectation that they would be the
readiest supporters of a measure directly calculated to remedy the
evil they have so zealously condemned. But no—this line of con-
duct does not suit their purpose—it is one thing to declaim about
benevolence, sod quite another to promote the real welfare of the
colonies. It was plausible enough to depict in moving language, i
the miseries which befel the negro from his master's pecuniary
wants, when the object was merely that of declamatory effect; but
in the name of common consistency, if not of candour, let not those
who thus agreed wheel round the moment a remedy is offered, and
exclaim " Oh ! we conjure you, pay no regard to our former wets.
meet: I Do not believe the tales of woe we told you. We wandered
then in the regions of romance, and exercised our powers of fancy
to excite your sympathy. But all that was delusion ; we are now
in tamest." They continue; " You are quite mistaken if you
credulously suppose, that when a planter is able to provide his
negroes with comforts, the latter cares fdr such enjoyment. The
interests of the masters is directly opposite to that of the slave.
This is the true and most approved theory. Once more we assure
' you we are now in earnest ; and as a conclusive proof of our sin-
cerity, we have to state. that this new Company will provide
for the temporary embarrassments of the colonists; it will thus
remove the existing distress, and fully answer the purpose for
which it was intended. By this measure prosperity may again shed
its blessings over the hated West Indies. Sugar will continue to
arrive front thence to this country, and then farewell fur ever to the
brilliant prospects we cherished of ruining our fellow-subjects in the
West, and of enriching ourselves at their expense, by our importas
Lions of East India sugar." There is some lute in this, I acknow-
ledge; and it is a pity such amiable motives should clash with
principles formerly avowed. I feel that I have little chance of mak-
ing converts of opponents, the governing motive of whose conduct
is so much more cogent than any argument I can offer. But as it
is believed that the great majority of the nation are unbiased, and
as in the contradictory publications of the Anti-Colonial party it is
impossible to discriminate between truth and error, I shall give
sonic illustration of the manner in whicn the negro is affected by
his master's prosperity.
It has been shown in a former letter, that a considerable portion
of the capital required to carry on sugar cultivation is sunk in the
work and plantation buildings. There is no species of agri-
cultural employment in' this country where the amount of
fixed capital is at all to be compared to that in a West India
plantation. The erection of the boiling and curing houses,
the steam.engine, with all the various mechanical contrivances to
abridge or facilitate the labour of the negro, absorb a vast sum of
money, owing to which. as has been before stated, a planter may
really possess considerable property, may have the means of giving
satisfactory security, and yet find great difficulty in meeting the
running expenses of the estate.
In this predicament the negroes must unavoidably suffer mrny
privations. The expense of feeding and clothing them is the prin-
cipal object for which circulating capital, or what is equivalent,
good credit, is required. A deficiency in this particular must ob-
viously greatly affect the supplies allowed to the negroes; and I
can front experience affirm, that there is no circumstance which so
much grieves the planter, or which tends so strongly to exasperate
hint against the inveterate hostility of a party in this country, as
the melancholy reflection, that though he possesses the means of
giving ample security, he cannot command the temporary means of
indulging his negroes with the comforts he would wish, but must
consent to their participation in his own distresses. A mere state-
ment of the large amount sunk in fixed capital will sufficiently
prove the advantage, or rather the necessity, of having approved
credit to provide for these contingencies. l'roni this vital aid to
il'est India planting none of the parties concerned derive more ad-
vantage than the negroes; and claiming as they do a conspicuous
share in the question, on the grounds of humanity, this most ope-
rate powerfully in favour of the project I am contending for.
It is unaccountably conceived by some, that when accumulated
distress presses on a planter, finally overwhelming him with ruin,
and occasioning the breaking up of the estate, then the irksome
and laborious cultivation of sugar will be diminished and the negro
greatly benefited. Nothing can poisibly be more erroneous. It is
generally the small proprietors who are most embarrassed, and
though it is perfectly true that if they can get no relief from their
difficulties, their estates must eventually be sold ; yet, wheti that
event happens, the condition of the negroes is very possibly deterio-
rated. What becomes of these when the estate of a mined proprietor
is broken tip? Are they not not necessarily sold to same other, proprie-
tor, and do we not in this event witness that evils:which forms, beyond
all comparison, the most touching feature of West India slavery ?
%%lien these sales occur, then indeed may be beheld the affecting
scene of the negroes forced from their homes, and torn front every
tie endeared to them by long association. 'Whatever may be said
by the pseudo-philanthropists of this country to the contrary, the
pain they feel at this separation from their old master forms no
inconsiderable portion of their regret, and is an unanswerable refu-
tation to the charge of cruelty, so extensively imputed to the
Colonies, as well as a proof cf the advantage to spring front raising
in this country a credit which shall avert such an evil for the
future. It is further to be observed, that theosh an estate be
broken up, and the negroes brought to sale, it by no means follows
that they will thenceforward he employed in is different species of
cultivation. As has been stated, they will be purchased by sonic
large proprietor; and the cultivation is univessally. regulated by
the same impulse as iu England—that is to say, it will be that
which is most profitable. Nothing can be more preposterous than
the continued admonitions from this country as to what ought, and
what ought not, to be cultivated in the West Indies. A Norfolk
farmer would smile should some theorist inform him that he ought
to grow barley in place of wheat, or vice versa. Where is the the
difference as affects the colonists ? Whatever ignorant men may
, fancy, our fellow-subjews abroad are fully competent to judge of
their own business ; and so long as sugar is the general staple of
the West Indies, the public may rely that no natter what number
of estates are brought to sale, sugar planting will rill form the
principle employment of the negroes.
Having thus shown that, so far as concerns the immediate wel-
fare of the negro, his interest its fully identified with that of the
proprietor, I shall now proceed to reply to the argument, that re.
motely the contrary is the case, as it MUM be more difficult for him
to obtain his manumission. At first view the position has consi-
derable plausibility. As we scarcely ever sufficiently keep in mind
that the word value is but a relative term, we are liable to many
mistakes, unless we clearly understand the principles ow which die
estimate is made. The same distinction between nominal std real
value applies to slavery we to other branches of political economy.
This part of time subject, front which the most important conclu-
sion may be drawn, has perhaps never yet been sufficiently laid
before the public. When even a colonist hears of a slave selling
one day fur ISW., and shortly after for 1001., he concludes there is
great fluctuation in the value of labour, and that as 11001. is aloft
sum than 'SOL, the slave would be less time in accumulating funds
to purchase his mantnuitoion. This is not only •superflcial, but
it is a very erroneous view of the case. It is only the nominal, the
exchangeable value, as regards the relations with extraneous
countries, that has varied—the real difficulty to the slave to
procure nfrenchisement continues in both eaves precisely the same.
To illustrate this point more particularly, let it be supposed that a
slave is worth 150/., and that after the labour of the day for his
insister is over lie enjoys one hour to work for his own private
emolument; any then, that luring abundance of land, and work-
ing site hour per day, be can raise such articles as in the lapse of
five years will sell fur latit. and procure his freedom. Now the
proposition which I maintain is simply, that if the value' the
slave be reduced to 100 f., the causes which led to thee/eduction will
so affect the price of any commodities I. may raise, as to still
require his labour of one hoar per dew for five years to procure
1001., his estimated value. If this can be clearly established, it is
apparent that it annihilates, at one blow, the views of the Anti.
Slavery Society regarding manumission. It is first necessary to
consider that the cost of a slave in the British colonies is naturally
determined by the returns of his labour having an exchangeable
raise is foreign MantriCll. The Prim of tae date:tat articles of

2s.
2s. W.
3s. .
4t. -
Ss.
Is. -

71.
81. .


- .
colonial produce must in genera be so regatare4 m to add re -
's pec ti eelr corresponding profile of deck. This is Ma* its per-
manent effect. Occasionally many menstlette will mats. At presses,
tcli xample, coffee is relatively alfieding er Ohm
cultivation, but It is plain this dose ke 101 dest es=
Rill be a regular tendency to lie IMO Polhallytallegs* tibn, the thing must' nhfinelefj remedy Reda 'ls 41 Ibis' OW
Wished, that the prices of all exportable eeireeeditisa meet Mee
a certain relevancy to each other; and as lurk ir lII* swim Mope
of the colonies, it exerciseirnuch the greatest it Ueleses le dam-
mining theextent of the culture of the Other ailblise of edesiel
produce. Independent, however, of this circa we hem le
titheopcloartieyttnmietcyeneidritstnoh.tedhienleitierosuarmeffp,iii;trdinympootttrhh.tesapnocost point ionft as regards the the
ibatti also determines th. co'e o(evesy other sin d(
pro.
lstrifY;
dection. Every proprietor of negroes oseddell Wlet set-
Tlgtrhy"ot rietlime,egetaLbles in kith:bra:, it
.
mai..
may be induced to embark in that business. But a little reflection
must show that he could not permanently obtain melt priest foe
these articles of local consumption as would give him greater Profit
front hit negroes than if emPloyed in raising sugar. There are
abundance of ether proprietors on the alert, who would eagelij seize
i n any opportunity that offend to obtain larger profits; conalseti.
lion would thus be created ; and if a half or two-thirds of a dollar
were the fair daily hire of a labourer on i sugar estate, "at a similar
tate must be regulated the returns of a negro employed in raising
vegetables. With regard to the hbolir of the free-man,' the rends
is still the same. They are in such small numbers, ithd subsistence
is so easily procured, that competition does not Obit at in this
country. They therefoh uniformly obtain the curtedt rate foe any
article they raise, totally independent Of the cost of rib pmdudion.
Similarly affected are the slaved generally who labour for them.
selves by the indtilgence of their nuestens They must raise ar.
tides of mere local consumption, and it 'is from the sale of these
that they enjoy the opportunity of accurhulating property. The
prices then of the you try and vegetables' raised by these slaves in
after houts is thus determined by the cost of raising these same
articles, as if' a proprietor were to follow that cultivation as his
,IS !sines'. They cannot at all events be higher, which is all that is
n e ?sway to he countered. Now, returns of labour employed In
its sing articles of local consumption are regulated by that employed
in cultivating articles of exchangeable value. On the high or law
rate of these articles of exchangeable value depends the cost of the
' slave. It it therefore abundantly clear that if Le dolt price of
sugar depresses the:cost of the slave frem VW to 106:, in all equal
ratio must be the fall of poultry and vegetables ; and the slave has
therefore precisely as much ditfctilty in earning the latter Sum •as
in more prosperous times it would have cost him to realise the
former.
It should moreover be carefully recollected how many more are
the aPpormnies which present themselves to make 'money, when
every thing is in a noun/thing state, compared to a period of general
distress. The West Indies differ not in this respect from this
country ; and as no person would maintain that the difficulties of
employers of workmen at home would benefit the latter, how the
negroes are to derive advantage front the embarrassments of the
latter, it is difficult to discover. I have examined he poiot as to their
immediate comforts as well as their future prospects.• 'I have some
expectations that the disinterested inquirer will admit, that their
welfare is at all times indissolubly connected with that of the
planters, and that en the grounds of humanity the establishment of
the West India Company is in a striking degree useful, expedient,
and commertlable.
May 4. . INDEX.
- • , - • ,
THE PAWNEROKICR3 AND THE EQUITAIBLE
LOAN BANK.
TO THE EDITORTHtTE BRITISH PRESS.
•
Sta.—ln a very milk and triter kind of work,.apst liefore the
public a short time ago by the Pawnbrokers, ita a " Reply" to
some statements made by the Equitable Loan Company, I find
the following very humble apology fpr their silence theretofore.
" Conscious." say they, " that the Mutation of a counter is a
poor preparation for literary controversy, they have shrunk from
the perpetual attacks of their opponents, not so much from the
effect of any strength in their arguments, as horn the apprehension
that mean expressions and ungrammatical phrases might afford to
wit,their adversaries a battery of in addition no those of calumny
and detraction which they have already set up.' Notwithetending
this anticipation of immediate battle from their opponents, their
" little book" would have been suffered to share the fate of all
such productions, had not the authors, despairing of their powers
of impressing the public against the Equitable Loan Company,
called to their aid the talents of a certain Sunday Editor, not re-
meltable for any very delicate reserve in his mode of attacking all
whom choice or " necessity" teethe him to oppose. This gentle-
man has brought his " battery of wit (to use the words of his
employers the eawnbrokers), in addition to those of Calumny and
detraction," to bear upon the Company, in the belief, that if the
former failed, he had every chance a succeeding by means cf the
latter In both he has been disappointed.
In a little work just published, entitled, " Allqratii as of the
necessity of an Equitable Loan Bank, &c., with root thereof
se acted from Evidence taken before a C ni nittee of the House of
Lords," the article in support of the Pawnbrokers, *high appeared
in the John lull, has been most minutely examined; the solitary
" extract" of evidence which it gives moved to be a direct mien_
presentation of facts; and the conclusion drawfi by the writer from
that extract most completely refuted.
As the calumny has had a very extensive circulation, through
the active exertions of the Pawnbrokers; and as it might produce
a very unfair impression if left uncontratlictad„ I beg, through the
medium of your excellent Journal, to submit the following extract*
from the work in question to the publtc.
After pointing out the absurdity of mime of the Jahn Bull', ob-
jections, the author of the "'Allegations" inserts at length the
extract from the evidence,, as introduced by the Editor.
" As we prefer facts to arguments, we will take the evidence of
one of the witnesses before the Committee of the (louse of Corn.
mons, which we think explains pretty Clearly the truth of the
statements made in those letters which appear in the papers in
support of the projected Company, touching the immense and un-
just profits of Pawnbrokers:—
" ' James Basset, a Pawnbroker, examined.
" ' You were desired to produce here to-day some statements ?
Yes.

" ` Re so good as to state, or read from the paper the statement
yon have collected ?—I have taken from our day-book one month,
and I have averliged that by the year.
" • Read the statement ?
Pledges under Is. - 20161
I a. - 3744
Is. 6d. - 3744
- 6760

THE BRITISH PRESS.
