;",

i

kind expressions of regret at my approaching departure, and
begged me not to forget them. This speech, which lasted nearly
hair an hour, was delivered without any hesitation, and wit
marked by all the emphasis, action, feeling. and propriety, for
which the Madagaraes have been distinguished on all such oc-
casions.
" In my reply, I endeavoured to impress upon them how much
More valuable to me the presents they offered were, than any which
the countries they mentioned could produce ; that gold and silver
cmltt% not fail to flow into Madagascar, in proportion to the advance-
ment of agriculture in so fruitful a soil, and to the industry of the
people, in increasing the numerous native commoditiele and manu-
factures for exportation, with which their vast island every where
abounded. the improvement of which, together will the introduc-
tion of others, through the means of their friends, the English,
would rapidly tend to promote an honourable and flourishing trade
with foreigners, in lieu of the Slave Trade. which had for centuries
covered their beautiful country with carnage and desolation, but
which had been ea happily abolished, for the peace and welfare of
Aladagasear. by their own enlightened Sovereign. 1 congratulated
them on Ratiania'e late alliance, by marriage, with the daughter of
the chief of the Secalaves ' by which his paramount authority over
the whole people was freed Irom all doubt, hesitation, or dan-
ger. Their advances to civilizstion, therefore, could not fail of
proceeding with art accelerated march. I urged them to be care-
ful to multiply their flocks and herds, and the necessaries and
A:weenier-4-es of life, not only for their own increased ease and
comfort, but few the regular supply of the l‘lauritiue, where they
would always find every encouragement and kind feeling towards
them. !direr forcibly impressed on their minds the disinterested
exertions of the British nation in their regard, which, unlike all
other nations, built its highest glory in introducing them to the
knowledge of European arts and manners. I was fortunate enough
to be able at once to enforce the truth of these observations, by the
practical results and facts before their eyes, as well as by many
others, in the knowledge of every inhabitant of that country, since
the conquest of the Isle of France by the English. I explained to
them, at the same time, how indispensable it was that they should
be equally distinguished for their patience and perseverance, as for
their industry ; for their advances, even under their present en-
lightened system, and admitting that no new projects could be sue
cessfully undertaken by France to depopulate their country, would
still feel, for a long time, the baneful effects of the repeated efforts
of the French,', during the last century, to put them back in igno-
rance and slavery. These observations were listened to with great
attention, and appeared to produce a deep sense of the conduct each
vel, called upon to pursue, and the part he ought to act for the
honour and welfare of the country. The Colin was concluded
by acclamations, and shouts of ' the King of England and Re-
i'ama for ever ! and may their lasting friendship continue to en-
cure security, tranquillity, and happiness to ourselves, and our
latest posterity.' Several bullocks were, as usual on such occa-
sions, slain, and the whole assembly retired to partake of the feast,
'ilia was celc heated, as is also the custom, by repeated discharges
of musketry. We returned with the Chiefs to the house of Jean
In Rene, who entertained us quite in the European style ; and on
my part, according to invariable usage, I made suitable presents to
the chiefs, the head men, and the people.
•• •

" I spared no pains to convince Radama and his chiefs that the
only desire of the King of England was to promote the real inte.
rosy; and happiness of Mader:a:scar.
" I sincerely hope Radama 's abilities and valour will prove fully
equal to thegoodnesa and justice of his rause, being well assured
sit what Importance it is for the interests of Madagascar, as well as
...tr own, that he should be the independent Sovereign of the
whole country. The only chief who seemed to offer any signs of
resistance to Radama's sole and entire sway over Madagascar was
i'e chief of the tecalave district, situate in the north-west coast of
the island, of which Bombetock is the capitaL bast year, disputes
had arises between them, to settle which recourse was had to arms.
liadama, after a very successful campaign, has restored and settled
race in every part of the island, and by way of cementing the
Mance and friendship which he has since formed with the chi.t
of Bombetock, he has, at the universal wish of his own, as well
41 the Seealave peonle, taken in marriage the only daughter of
that chief; and thus, in the most satisfactory manner, he has
effectually removed any impedimenta or pretexts which might have
been put in the way of his being acknowledged the sovereign of
the whole country.
• • •
•

" After a few days stay at Tsmatave, we sailed to Foule Point,
is order to make a visit to Rsfarla, with which we found it imps*.
to dispense. His entreaties to this effect, and my unwilling.
rest to disappoint a man so sincerely attached to us, determined
me to postpone. for this
for,
our final departure. This visit ap.
eared the more called for, from the circumstance of Radama not
being present himself, he being detained at his capital of Tanani-
nye, making preparations for the entry of his Queen, and for the
celebration of an annual national fete, in comniemoration of his
tietovies, which was to take place ou the 2.ith of June. These
...uses, together with other regulations of his covernment, pre-
siously to his descent to the coast, to meet Commodore Nourse,
agreeable to appointment in July, rendered his presence in his
ea-
pi•al indispensably necessary until that period, and I could not
tl'ink of proposing any further delay to Captain Moresby in the ex-
:cation of his orders. The full and confidential communications I
'ad had with Commodore Nourse at the Mauritius, ?defier v 5 the
Niadagasear service, and the great part he takes in all that regards
-is interesting subject, will render this interview with Radama
:.-eductive, no doubt, of very beneficial effects in strengthening and
. .-isolidating the measures pursued for the tranquillity, happiness,
,nd civilization of that vast country.
" There is a considerable colony, from the interior of the island,
Settled at lonic Point; they have already in:roduced the use of
the plough, and have succeeded in disciplining their oxen to
.!ranght work and carrying, for which purposes I had sent them
-..tructors, and models of agricultural iiir•ruments, from the Mau-
r-taus; and I have the satisfaccon of being able to state, that their
tseids are now well cultivated, and promising a rapid increase, to
...zward their efforts, and that spirit of industry, for which the inha-
bitants of Ovah are, in the actual state of the civilization of the
::and, the most remarkable among the numerous districts of Ala-
dagascar. We were very much gratified by the general appear.
4-me of every thing at Foule Point, regarding their neatness, clean.
i.‘cess, and comfort, and the excellence of their roads ; nor can too
•—loch be 'aid in favour of the hospitality and kindness of the chief
Astl of the people. The climate is, however, prejudicial to Euro-
inane, as well as to those who come from other parts of the island,
during the rainy season, which generally lasts from the middle of
November to the end of March.

. " Before I conclude this letter, I may be permitted to remark,
generally, that after I had laid before Earl Bathurst the treaty
t•rst made in 1817, for the extinction of the Slave Trade in Mada-
gascar, which was approved by his Majesty, I submitted to hit
Lordship, in the fallowing year, an original plan (subsequently
bagnmed by the African Institution, in their letter to the East
India Company' but not until its end had been obtained under
e direction of Earl Bathurst, through the Government of Mau-
ritius) for extending the same measures, which had led to sue-
.rrss at Madagascar, to the chief establishments on the east coast of
. . . . . .

. " These measures having been invariably pursued since my re.
torn to the Mauritius, the whole of that coast, which had been a
mart for the slave traffic from time immemorial, before the date of
Listoty, may now be considered to he, through British influence,
free from this scourge. The letters of Commodore Nurse and
Captain Moresby bear ample testimony to the strict execution of
.) a treaties to this effect, and it now requires only the occasional
salts of his Majesty's naval officers (who might be at the same
time bearers of trifling presents from the Government of Mauri.
to the native Chiefs of Muscat, Zanzibar, &c.) to keep all firm,
dto enable us to reap all the fruia of their enforcement. The
!";.eht that has been lately thrown on the advantages of the port of
„,angibor, and many other ports on the east coast of Africa. has al-
ready begun to induce enterprising British merchants, and will no
•mbt lead many more to visit those places in that honourable ann-
oyance, which, while it will afford an additional market for our ma-
w:factures, will give to the industry and activity of the natives a
y:rmanently wholesome direction, to replace that vicious and cruel
t•:,4fic, which had, for so many age., kept them in a state of bar-
-4.-tun. I think it quite refreshing to read the Commodore's ac.
. mint of. Zanzibar ; and I am inclined here to throw out the idea that
might, perhaps, be more successfully penetrated and ca-
plets/11r1M that part than from any other in which the attempt has
