k
• :as

PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, 111oxtuT, MAT 1.

CURRENCY OF SCOTLAND.
The Duke of ATHOL pvesented a petition from a pariah in '
Perthshire, spinal any alteration in the present system of banking
In Scotland.
The Marquis of HUNTLY presented 'limiter petitions from
several parishes in Aberdeenshire, and elm petitions to the urns
offset from parishes in the counties of Ross and RIME
The Earl of LAUDERDALE presented a similar petition from
Inverness.
The Earl of ROSSLYN presented a elicitor petition from a
pariah in Perthshire.
SLAVERY.
,The Marquis of HUNTIN presented a petition from Stratford-
tspon.Avoo, waving for the abolition of slavery.
The Duke of !WIRT HU 11 BE RLA ND presented a similar pe-
tition from Trig nmouth and North Shields.
The Bishop of FERNS presented a similar petition from a
parish in Ireland.
RESTORATION OF HONCICRS BILLS.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL moved the third reading of the
Bine to restore the titles of Duffus, Ogilvie, Csrnwath, Webs, and
Fingask.
BRITISH SHIPPING,
The Duke of NORTHUMBERLAND presented • petition
from the inhabitants of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, praying for the in.
terferenee of their Lordships against the competition of foreign
shipping.
CORPORATION OF DUBLIN.
lord KING presented a petition from IVllliam Kirkland, com-
plaining of being refused his right of admission into the oorpoeation
of Dublin. Ills Lordship stated, that the petitioner was not •
Catholic, but a liberal Protestant, and for that liberality he was re-
fused by the Corporation to be admitted into their body.
CORN LAWS. •
Lord KING presented a petition from the weavers and other in.
habitants of Manchester, praying for an alteration in the Corn
Laws. His Lordship observed, that, under the peculiar thrum-
stances of the time, the petition was entitled to the best considers.
tion of their Lordships, particularly as it was marked with good
sense and moderation. The petitioner stated, that they en-
tirely disapproved of the outrages which were committed in the
manufacturing districts, and that they considered the burning of
machinery as most impolitic as well as mischievous. It was not to '
the Improvement in machinery that the present suffering of the
country was owing. The petitioners stated, and his Lordship
agreed with them, that the present distress of the manufacturers
was to be traced to the Corn Laws, and to the consequent high price
-of food. The tendency of the Corn 1414414411 twofold. In the first
place. in directly preventing the importation of foreign corn, and
consequently the supply of food • and in the next place, the Corn
lows prevented the exportation of our manufactures, as foreigners
could not purchase them unless corn was received in return. His
Lordship gave tenth to the Noble Earl at the head of the Treasury
for his declaration of last year, when he said chat a revision of those
laws was necessary, in which opinion he was sure the Noble Earl •
was quite sincere.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN did not wish to make any ob.
nervation that would lead to any difference of opinion, nor would
lie touch upon controversial ground; but he wished to advert to
circumstances which were known to their Lordships • he meant the
',resent distress and disturbances which prevailed in the country.
It was generally understood that a dissolution of Parliament would
shortly take place, and he hoped they would not separate without
taking some step to relieve the distress which existed in the manu-
facturing districts. He was anxious not to let that opportunity
pass without urging upon their Lordships the neceoity of adopt.
big some measure, not only to relieve the distress, but to allay the
alarm which prevailed. His lordship would acknowledge that the
subject was one of considerable diglewief ; but he also thought
that the circumstances of the present case took it out of the range
of common accidents; it was iropoisible for Parliament to elle.
elate all the difficulties that occur in a commercial community, or
to control the vicissitudes of supply, and demand to which this
country must be always subject. During the last year an artificial
stimulus was given to trade, which led to speculations beyond the
knowledge as well as the control of the unfortunate individuals
.who were now suffering from a stagnation of that trade, and
elthough much had been done to restrain those irregularities.,
and his Lordship had approved of those measures, stilt he
trust say. that by them a temporary check was given to corn.
melee, which tended to impose an additional check upon colo-
n erce. llnder all the circumstances of the case. he thought sease '
was made out to call for the etiectual interference of the Govern-
toent ; but he also thought there was a necessity for vigorous and I
'vigilant, if not severe, measures, for the protection of property, as
will for the sake of the unfortunate individuals who were commit.
tang the outrages as on account of the persons whose property was
exposed to danger. At the same time he could not forget a send-
flint of alr.Buekes, that when • man was starving, he eas taken
oat of the ordinary rules of commerce as well as of justice, but be
then came within the jurisdiction of mercy. His Lordship was of
expellers that Parliament must have recourse to • temporary remedy to
n eat the present distress;. this might be done, either by placing
fund, at the disposal of the Government, or by an eddies* to the
Crown, pledging Parliament to make good any advances which it
might be thought necessary to make, for the purpose of relieving
the wants of the sufferers. Although a public subscription might
lie sufficient to alleviate ordinary distress, anti although it was in
moat iestanees an adequate as well as the safest mode of adminis-
tering relief, yet he thought that in the present instance it would be
insufficient. His Lordship did not forget that when distress pre-
vailed in Spitalfields, It was alleviated by a public subscription, and
'by the benevolence of individuals ; but when he reed the various
•occounts, and heard the reports front different parts of the country,
the was anxious to avoid the great expense which must be incurred
by any mode of quelling the disturbances in any other way than by
relieving the sufferers. It had been said that relief might be de-
rived frbm a reduction of taxation. He had often urged a diminu.
Lion of taxation ; he must acknowledge that much good had been
done in that way, and he hoped that much more would he done; but
that species of relief was slow in its operation. It was from those
orniderations that he thought sonic temporary expedient most be
assorted to, such as appropriating • fund, to be placed at the dis-
petal of the Government, to be applied as they thought necessary ;
pc by an address, assuring
.the Crown that Parliament would
supply any funds which it would be thought necessary to
advance for the relief of the distressed. Such a course was not
withoet precedent. The present was a state of things that did not
arise from want of food, but from want of employment ; anti he
lisped such relief would be afforded the people as would enable
them to weather a storm such as never was experienced in this
country. Whatever difference of opinion might exist amongst
their Lordships as to the extent of the distress, or the nature of the
Jiainthies with which the subject was surrounded, he was sure
Ott such difference did not arise from any want of feeling.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL tent himself called upon, not only
by the speech of the Noble Marquis, but by the nature of the im.
portant subject which called it forth, to address a few words to their
'lordships. He was sure the House would give him credit for
feeling. In common with their Lordships, the greatest anxiety to
relieve the Offerings of the distressed portion of the people. No
matt could heat or read the accounts which were received from aon.e
04 4/14 manufacturing districts without feeling the deepest regret at
the miseries of the rinfottunatesufferent. At the same time, in in.
tp..,itirg into those miseries, it would be necessary to examine the
soarer from whence throe distresses arose. In attempting to legis-
lets for those uniortunate sufferers, various consideratiout must
obtrude themselves before Parliament could conic to a decision. If
Pazhament were to interfere with any pecuniary assistance, it
would be the dart instance, except in the case of Ireland, that any
',reit relief was afforded by a vote of public money. It OM the
-great merit of the poor laws that they established a system by which
public distress ass relined without having recourse to the public
purse. If assistance were affordeal from the public fund in one in-
stance. how could it be refused in another ? He would conjure '
their Lnedships to rearm before they established n precedent which
would lead to the moss serious consequences. On a former occa.
stun, when distress prevailed amongst the agriculturists, an attempt
oad been ms,de to relieve it by Parliamentary aid ; but the idea
was abandimed from the difficulties which presented themselves.
1 • was true that an exception was made in favour of Ireland, but
tee circumstances of that. country were entirely (14 rent from those
Or England. In that country there was no system of poor laws,
and there was also an opportunity there of employing the money
advanced in constructing roads or other public works. Before Par.
lianient had recourse to the public purse, every other expedient
'Mould be tried. His Lordship said that he had great confidence
if the extent of voluntary subscription. When he recollected the
period of distress in Ireland. and that a aunt considerably exceed-
mg eflo,oool. had been ranted by subscription on that occasion, he
could not but indulge a hope that the sante source, which was-far
more desirable in principle and easier in execution than any public
grant, would alleviate the distress of the present sufferers. His
Lordship knew of no body in which the power of administering to
the wants of the people could be pieced, without considerable M-
C:ally and objection. When he objected to Parliamentary inter.
Terence in the Otiose of pecuniary advances, he wished at the same
time to say, that late events rendered it necessary that there should
be some revision of the Corn Laws. He had stated the same opt-
nl3ll last year, and also in the early part of the present session of
Parliament. Hie Lordship was then of opinion that it was not the
peeper time; and he would now add, that. independently of the
objections which then existed to tie discussion of that important
stoooct, the very circumstances of the present times prevented
Parliament from entering into an examinatio- of so important a
'object. But he must also say, that, in his opinion, Parliament
oval,' not to separate without releasing the bonded corn which was
DOW in the country, and without investing in the Crown a power to
'airy
foreign corn into the country, if it should be thought necea.
to do so during the recess. Such corn might be admitted at a
certain duty, supposing ten shillings the quarter, or at whatever
duty would be thought advisable. If it should be thought neees.
any, • notice of six weeks or some such period, might be given
whenever such admission might be determined upon. His Lordship
did not thick it doily able that the power should be treated in the execu-
tive, because he thought that all measures concerning trade, more
especially those relating to public food, should be placed upon
• fitted basis. But he thought the present case of diorese an excre-
tion, and it 1444 on that account that he thought it the duty of Go-
•ernment to call upon Parliament, and that it was the duty of Par-
liament to grant such powers.
The Earl of MA LM ESBO R Y said that having nn more occasions
than one addressed their Lordships upon the subj-ct of the Corn
Laws, he frlt himself called upon to make a few observations upon
Vint had f lien from the Noble Earl. Upon • former occasion he
had-suioseribtxt to the admission of foreign corn under certain rep-
looms, but he telt it necessary to say that he had not had sufficient

•
$6
$
