',
~''t V—C
-C--'- /I—X- I.l' Ce,./-* ' . c' /?? - .
/i 1/1 ..: _%k-.-- tr.'' '
.1.72/17()24::,--1 -_
s ::::".„__;,...:,...i:004, •,°. i
1 . _.«,,,....m.0.,--;.:.:r • ..,1 t
Mile 1 \
• ~. !
i i 101
. t(........7.5)1ft. + ,„,.:. ris .%
.zo.akW'.477 ;!,..`.,• V, _
~ •71,: 11.:%...'1".
..-------,
No. 7,234 LONDON, FiI.WAY, PEPOIUARY 17.. 18426.
' Price 7
--. • IFIY AUCTION,

CONTRACT FOR TALLOW CANDLES.
NAVY-OFFICE, Fcb. 16. 1826.
THE principal fl! and Commiuioners of his Ma-
jesty's Nary do -hereby give Notice,
That on THURSDAY, the 2d of March nett, st One o'clock,
toy la be ready to treat with such Perms as may be willing to
contract for supplying his 'Majesty's several Dock Yards with
TALLOW CANDLES. _

TO THE PROPRIETORS OF EAST INDIA STOCK.
farms Awn OtYrrt.t...serte, • •
lITIIEN I hail last the honour of addressing you on
V V the Ist of March, 1824, it was my full intention to have'
proceeded to the Ballot on the next opening in the Direction of
your affairs. The strength of the ground, however, already ecru.
Pied by one of the other Candidates, and my amtiety to spare my
friends the trouble and fatigues of a contest, have determined nit to
forego that resolution ; and I now take the earliest opportunity of
acquainting you, that It is no: my purpose to offer myself on the
present vacancy, occasioned by the retirement of your highly re-
spected Director, William Taylor Money, Esq.; but, that it is my
fixed determination to proceed to the Ballot on the next vacancy
which may occur, when I confidently trust, from the kind enrou-
lragement with which you have already favoured toe, that my efforts
will be crowned with success.
I have the honour to be. Ladies and Gentlemen,
Your very faithful and obedient servant,
HENRY ALEXANDER.
37, Upper Harley-street, Feb. 16.1826.

PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCee

VALUABLE...,
C(
Piccad
13eanttful Porcelaii

HOUSE OF LORDS, TUURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16.

81T1.1.10N.
Mr. Hutchinson. from the Bank of England. presented an
account of the market price of gold in the years 1822, 1823, 1824,
and L 825, in obedience to the order of the House,

A san,ple of the Uantll4;:. andafomi of the Tender, may be
maa at this Office. No Tender will be received after One o'clock,
en the day of treaty, nor any noticed, unless the Party or an
Agent from him attends.
Every Tender must be accompanied by a Letter addressed to the
rimy, Baird, and signed by a responsible Person, engaging to be-
come bound, with the Person tendering, in the Sum of VOL for the
doe performance of the Contract.

On the Premises,
Days
TILE select al _ _ --------
Wise, No. 161, Piccadilly, Picture-dealer and Importer of
Foreign Porcelain, a Bankrupt; comprising nunierons unustially
fine specimens of RON AL sEvE and choice old DRESDEN
PORCELAIN, embellished by the most eminen• artists, and
sumptuously mounted in nr-molu Italian and other Bronzes and
Sculptures, in large groups and single figure', of the finest execu-
tion ; beautiful carvings, chasing., and enamels ; superb French
tables, cabinets, and commodes; Pictures by the first masters ot the
Spanish, Italian, Flemish, and English school% ; Illustrated books,
prints, and numerous other objects of interest and value, judiciously
selected, at the most liberal prices,from the best sources on the Con-
tinent, during the past and former years.
On the first day will be sold dip valuable Leasehold Premises,
withfine commanding Shop and private entrance, admirably suited
to any business of int portance requiring display, in the first situation
in the metropolia,, held ihr nearly twenty years, at a moderate re-
served rent.

following

BANK NOTES.
MT. Hutchinson alsn presented an acenunt of the number
of bark notes in circulation in the last week* of Februnry, March,
April. and June, of each year, from the yerr 1790 to 1819; and a
return of the number of fieveses granted by the Commissioners of
stamps, for the issuing of stamps for promissory notes, from the
year 1790 to the year 171#8.
/ SLAVERY.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented n petition from certain
inhabitants of Chichester, praying their Lordships to take into
their considerrigion the abolition of slavery.
Lord KENYON presenred a petition from the inhabitants of
Falmouth, praying the abolition of slavery.
Lord BEXLEY presented a petition from Maidenhead to the
same effect.
CORN LAWS.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition from a respect-
able body of the Inhabitants of Statism consisting of one hundred
and ninety.seven persona, occupying 81,000 acres of land, and own-
ing 22,000 acres, praying their Lordships not to admit the impor-
tation of foreign corn. His Grace observed that the petitioners
possessed great capital, which they had embarked in agricultural
pursuits. and that they conceived the admission st foreign corn
"scald be highly prejudielial to their intarstde ; bee lb* taltlar 2te
their petition deserved their Lordships' connideretion.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE regretted that, the intention of
his Majesty's Minirters being well known on that subject, the peti-
tioners did not refrain from provoking any diseession upon this
most important subject. The agitation of it at this period could
answer no useful purpose, and there was little fear of any interfer-
ence with the agricultural interest in the present Session.
The Duke of RICHMOND could not avoid remarking that the i
petitioners had ground for entertaining an apprehension that some
alteration in the Corn Laws might be attempted in the present
Session. It was well known that some intimation of the kind had
been thrown out in another House of Parliament. That alone,
would, in his Grace's opinion, be sufficient excuse for the petition-
ers' expressing this opinion to their Lordships. Ile could see no
impropriety in their proceeding, as he conceived that any portion of
his Majesty's subjects whose interests were likely to be interfered
with. had an undoubted right respectfully to lay their opinions be-
fore Parliament.

OFFICE,
NA
LONDON,
Jemmy
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
Br OAT of the lionourabk the Comilissimer, ~,f his
abjuty's I'xcisc Revenue, in a spsdota Room, at the
Offire. Old Brood-street, on TUESDAY 21st, WED-
NESDAY ad. THURSDAY 23i, and FRIDAY 24th of Fe-
* weary, lAN, at one o'clock each day, the following Goods in Luca,
lipid to various purchasers ;
Paper
(dee
Tea
Cocos
reiTee
do,"
Candles
Owe
Printed Colic*
Ilsnd kerchiefs
r.breign Brandy
Rem
neural
Likewise a quantity of Leaf
facterd Tobacco. Setters, and Sr
Semple of the Spirits, Tea,
Advil. to he seen at the Wm
Webenar7 14th, to the 20th, fir
reemtog• of Sale, from IV till 12
Lad at ed. each.

TO THE PROPRIETORS OF EAST INDIA STUCK.
LADIES AND UENTI.NNEN,
N conseQuence of the resignation of your highly re-
• speetableii rector. Mr. Money (the cause of whose retirement
f sincerely regret), I take the earliest opportunity of acquainting
you. that it is my determination to offer myself as a Candidate to
supply the vacancy in the Direction of your Obits.
I have already submitted to you the grounds on which I have
sent,tred to solicit the honour of your suffrages: and I take the
liberty of adding, that if any doubts were entertained respecting
my legal capacity of being chosen a Director, those doubts must
oar be entirely obviated by my having resided more than two years
in England since my return from the Mauritius.
Permit me again to entire you, that should your suffrages place
me in the highly responsible and honourable post of one of your
Directors, the whole of my time and my best exertions will be di-
ligently employed in the maintenance of the rights and interests of
the Elst India Company ; and that by the constancy of my services
I ahall hope to deserve and secure the continuance of your appro-
bation.

Witte
Raw Spirits
Vinegar
Manton

To be viewed three days preceding the gale, when Catalogues
may be had on the Premises ; and of 111 r. Donew, Auctioneer,
Charles-street, Berkeley-squire.

Iloipars
Stills
liesil
Pewtir

rpo be SOLD, a P.d3/41NTIN, ayl okidnt. i -
of LEVINA RD DE VINO • ripretenting the Virgin
Mary with Christ in Iter arms. The she is 43/4 feet high and 3. feet
wide.
Apply to Messrs E. Desmares and Co. rue Hauteville, No. 22,
Paris.

Iron

I Casks, and various Utao-
ails.
hf, and British and Foreign Shinn-
'nod:

, Coffee, and Tobacco, and the
'rehouse, Old Broad-Street, from
am 10 till 2 o'clock, and on the
!o'clock, where Catalogues may be

I have the honour m be, with great respect,
Ladies and Gentlemen,
Your most obedient humble savant
R. T. FARQUHAR.
Riclmsond.terram, Whitehall, Feb. lg, 1826.

EAST INDIA HOUSE, Feb. 10, 1826.
Directors of the United Company of
THNE.C6Itri C'
efulataoff Earisnd trading to the East Indies ao
Assay glw Notice,
That the Court will be fcsdy to receive Proposals in writing, on
Oft bore VZDNIIIDAY, the 16th of Mareb next, from the Owners
of good sound and substantial SHIPS, of the burden of from Four
Hundred to Eight Hundred Tons registered Measurement, speci-
fyiug the Rate of Freight at which they may be willing to let such
Ships for One Voyage to and from Bengal.
That the Court will also heftily to receive Proposals in writing,
saes before the said WEDNESDAY, the 16th of :March next, from
the Owner or Owners of good sound and substantial Ct)PPER-
BOTTOMED SHIPS. of the burden of from Five Hundred to
tale Honored Tons registered Measurement. specifying the Rate of
Freght at which they may be willing to let such Ships for One
Voyage to China, and from China to Quebec, in North America,
at Whitt' Port they are to be discharged from the Company's
service.

The Earl of LAUDERDALE assured the Noble Duke that
he had entirely misunderstood him. It was not his Lordship's in.
tention to question the right o.'any of his Majesty's subject to pe-
tition or express their opinions upon any subjects touchi their
interests. But his Lordship had such coiditlence in his sty's
Ministers, and so great a reliance upon their influence isrboth
Houses of Parliament, that he thought the interests of the peti.
tioners perfectly secure from encroachment this Scssion. His Lord-
ship was quite sure that the country gentlemen would be unanimous
in their support of Ministers upon this subject; but his Lordship
was also quite certain that there was another respectable class of
persons, who, when the question should be introduced into Parlia-
mem; would be equally unanimous in supporting the repeal of the
Corn Laws.

That the Court will also be ready to receive Proposals in writing,
at or before the said WEDNESDAY, the lath of 31arch next, from
the Owner or Owners of good sound substantial COPPER.
160TTO3IED SHIPS, of the bnnien of from Five Hundred to
Six Hundred Tons registered Measurement, specifying the Rate of
Freight at which they may be willing to let such Ships, for One
Voyage to China, and from China ro Halifax, in Nova Scotia, at
winch Port they will be discharged from the Company's service.
The Tenders, with the words, " Ship Tender," on the cover, to
be severally sealed up, and left with the Secretary, at this House,
at or before Twelve o'clock at Noon, on the said WEDNESDAY.
the lath of Much, beyond which hour the Court will not receive
any Tender.

BANK CHARTER.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE wished to allude to a measure
which was to occupy their Lordships' attention .so-morrow. He
had 'question to ask upon this moat important subject. It was a
general complaint that sufficient information was not before their
Lordships, although they were on the eve of getting through the
second reacking of the Rill. It would afford great satisfaction to the
House and the country, if every information was before their
Lordships. Rut how did the House stand ? They were called upon
to legislate in the dark. It was impossible their Lordships could
proceed without at least having before them the returns which
were ordered. With regard to himself, his Lordship always de.
matted too early a discussion, but had taken every opportunity of
calling for information. The papers ordered could not now be in
sufficient- time to give their Lordships an opportunity to consider
and digest them. The House had certainly called for information,
and lic requested the Noble Earl opposite ( Lord Liverpool) not to
push on this measure to a premature decision. There was unea.
siness enough nut of doors, and his Lordship telt assured that any
hasty proceedings would tend very much to create dissatisfaction
and disturbance.

JOSEPH DART Sec.
The particulars of the terms, and conditions upon which the
Milos ell be respectively employed, may be had upon application
et the Office of the Clerk to the Committee of Shipping, at this
Honor, on or after Wednesday next, the nth instant.

rrillE MEMBERS of CONVOCATION of the UNI-
VERSITY of OXFORD are respectfully informed, that
the SOLICITOR.OENERAL will NOT be PROPOSED as
CANDIDATE at the eippeesebing ELECTION.
Committee-roots, 211, Pall-mall.

The Earl of LIVERPOOL could not avoid saying that he en.
tirely differed with the Noble Earl. It was true that some of the
returns ordered were only laid on the table this day, and that a
part could net be had before to-winnow ; and be assured the Noble
Earl that the delay which took place in making out those returns
was unavoidable. All possible despatch had been used. As far as
his Lordship was concerned, every facility was given to expedite
the returns to the House; but, independently of those documents,
there was abundant information before the public, and of course
accessible to their Lordships. The statements contained in those
papers were already a matter of notoriety there were many publi-
cations, particularly upon exchanges. which left little to he sup.
plied by official returns. When the subject was so frequently
discussed and so generally understood, his Lordship saw no sufli.
cient ground for deferring the discussion longer than the time fixed
upon. and therefore he could not consent to any postponement of
the debate. If there were any objections to be made, they might
be brought forward at subsequent stages of the Bill, when there
would be abundant oppertunmes. It was not his Lordship's wish
to throw any impediment in the way of a free and perfect discussion
of the proposed measures, but lie would again remind the Noble
Earl of the opportunities which he would have at the future stages
of the Bill of making his objections, or proposing any amendment.
It was not his Lordship's wish to press the measure with peculiar
rapidity. but to afford as much time for consideration as the inte-
rest of the country would allow.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE was surprised at what had fallen
from the Noble Lori at the head of the Treasury. During forty
years' attendance upon Parliament, he had always understood that
the second reading of a Bill vim the *stage at which all discussion
upon the principle of it woe to take place; and he was confirmed
in this opinion by frequently hearing that doctrine laid down by
the Noble Earl opposite, from whom he hail just heard so contrary
a statement ; but the Noble Earl had changed his opinions, and the
last stages of a Bill were to be the proper occasions for discussion,
and the pe.ond reading was not to be postponed beyond tomorrow.
But he would ask what bad consequences acre to result from allow.
ing a little more time to inquire into the subject? The difference
between to.morrow and Slonday would be hut little inconvenience,
compared to the benefit which would be derived from public infor-
mation. There would he no time to digest whatever information
might be placed upon their Lordships' table to-morrow. The Noble
Lord said it was not his fault if this information had not been pro.
cured, as he had moved for almost all the papers which had been
produced; nor could he believe that a short postponement of the Ms-
eussion could lead to any agitation or uneasiness out of doors. For
these remits he would again press upon the Noble Earl the neces-
sity of allowing more time for the mature consideration of this im.
portant subject.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN did not feel a desire to see any
further postponement of the subject. The public mind was in a
state of considerable anxiety, and the sooner all uncertainty was
put an end to the better. The Noble Marquis hoped the time al.
lowed "multi be sufficient for discussion, but at all events it was
betterto decide than leave the public in suspense. The Noble Mar-
quis was anxious to ascertain from the Noble Earl at the head of
the Treasury, whether any arrangement had been entered upon be.
t nein the Government and the Bank of England for the purpose of
restoring public credit. A report was abroad that the Bank had
been prevailed upon by the Government to increase their issues by
buying up Exchesuer bills, and if there Mil any such understand-
ing, the Noble Marquis wished to know the nature and extent of
that engagement. The Noble Marquis would leave it to the dia.
discretion of the Noble Earl a bother he would supply the informs.'
lion then or to-morrow, when the discussion of the Bank charter'
would be before their Lordships. lie wished to know what secu-
rities the Government offered the Bank, and in what way it was
proposed the Bank should proceed towards the restoration of pub.
lic credit.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL had no objection to state generally
what had been thought or as advisable by his Majesty's Minietera
to restore confidence in the commercial community. Various pro.
jects of relief had been submitted to them, but many of those had
been considered as ill suited to the purpose. It was deemed advisa-
ble to state to the Directors of the Bank of England, that if they
went into the market and purchased a quantity of Exchequer bills,
his Majesty's Ministers would recommend to Parliament to make
•an early arrangement for the purpose of relieving the Bank from
any pressure which such purchases might bring upon it.
The Marquis of I.ANSDOWN wished to know whether the
Bark was to be limitted to any particular amount in their pur4taaes
of Exchequer bills.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL paid that in the communications
'with the Bank of England 2,000,0001. 'was the amount spoken IC
but if the Bank thought it prudent to make any father purchases,
it would he entirely at their own risk.
Mr. Spring Rice, Mr. R. Martin, and other Members from the
House of Commons appeared at the bar, to rewire a airy of the
report of the Committee of their Lordships upon the state of Ire-
land, particularly that part which referred to the late disturbances.
The LORD CH ANCEI.I.OR put the question to their Lord-
ships, whether their Lordships would grant the venom applied for,
which was decided in the affirmative. and his Lordship then handed
the report to Mr. Spring Rice. Adjourned.

BRITISH IRON COMPANY
3. NEM RaO*D•ST\ELT, FE8.14,11326.

The ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of the PrOprietors
or shareholders in the BRITISH IRON COMPANY will be
held. in conformity with the Deed of Settlement, at the City of
I.ondon Tavern, Bedromorate.street, London, on THURSDAY,
the 24 of March next, at Twelve o'clock, when the Directors will
lay before the Meeting a Report on the 'drain of the Company.
H. SC R I ENOR, Jun. Sectetary,
The Chair will be taken at One o'Cloek precisely.

CROWN LIFE-ASSURANCE COMPANY, 33,
BRIDGE-STREET, BLACIMPIARI, LONDON.

DINECI ORS.
WM. PEATT LITT. Esq. Chairman.
•
JOHN IVELIA, Esq. M.P. Deputy-Chairman.
Wm. Richard Camay, Esq. Major Moody, Royal Engineers
James Colquhoon, Esq. Sir F. Ommanney, M.P.
JllO/111 Colvin, Esq. Thomas Solly, Esq.
Cspt. J. WD. Dundas, R.N. A Stewart, Log.
Ames Farquhar, E•q. M.P. John IVil.on, Esq.
Thomas Pardons), Esq. William Whitmore, jun. Esq.
George Henry Hooper, Esq. William Wilson, Esq.
John Kirkland, Esq.
flor.tcyroit—T. Haddan.
AcTr.saY-7.1. 11. Rainbow, }Ai+

The advantages of this Office, among others, are.-
1. A participation in two-thirds of the profits.
2. Permission to pass to continental ports between Brest and the
Elbe inclusive.

L Parties (including Officers of the Army, Nary, East India
Company and Jlerch►ut Service) may be assured to reside in, or
plowed to, all parts of the world, on premiums calculated on real
data.

4. Claims to be paid within three month.. and the Directors are
empowered to settle diferences by arbitration.
I. The Assured may dispere of their Policies to the Company.
6. No charge but for Policy Stamps.
The Prospectus, Tables of Rate•, &e. to be had at the Office.
T. G. CONYERS. Secretary.

SCOTCH WHISKY.—WILLIAM PITMAN, Agent
to the Proprietors of the LILLYBURN DISTILLERY,
has received for SALE some very superior MALT AQUA,
samples of svhkh may be bad at his Warehouse, 8, WelLcourt,
Qvcsin.otreet, Cheapside.

CARROLL begs to remind the Public that NEXT
WEDNESDAY WEEK a QUARTER of • MIL.
LION sterling will be decided. There will be no wore Lotseries
"'Atter the rest Two Drawing.... The present Scheme contains,
X PRIZES OF TWENTY THOUSAND POUNDS!

Besides other Capitala. -----
ALL TO BE DECIDED IN ONE DAY. NEXT WED-

NESDAY WEEK. let of MARCH.
Tick ri and Shares are now on* at CARROLL% fortunate
Office*. N. Cornhill ;7, *ng-eross; and 26. Oxford-
street, London ; where he sold, wI in a short period,
4 . . Prises or . . £30,000
4 - Prises of . £20,01.10 !
And other Capitah in former Lotteries exceeding
A MILLION STERLING !

St'NDAY TIM Eft.
THE Proprietor of this Paper solicits the attention of
the Adverosing Public to the following Affidavit as the
most conclusive ev4lence of its unrivalled circulation; and any
inquiry may be n.tde i roniimEstion of this statement at jr.A
Baldatres, Bridge-street, IThicitfriars.

PFI DAVIT.
John Chapman, of Nu. 72, Fleet-street., in the City of London,
tnakerh oath and with, that he is the Printer and Publisher of the
weekly Paper called "The Sunday Times" and that the Mi.
lowing statement contains the actual number of copies printed at
31r. Baldwin'a Steam-press each week, from the 22d January to
i2th February. 1026. inclusive:—
January 22
Do. 211
February 6
Do. 12
Swan before me, tide
14th day of February. 1026. JOHN CHAPMAN.
VI'ILLIA 31 VENA BLES, Mayor.
"The Sunday Tirr.rs" (price 7d.) is published every Sunday
anorniag ir, Lordon, and may also be received by Saturday night's
post, ou Sunday morning, at any distance within 170 tildes, and
aim on Monday morning within 400 miles.
Orders for this Paper may be given to any Newsman or Fost-
mast.r in Great Britain, by whom it will be delivered free of
postage.
Advertisenisom and Communications are To:posted to be sent to
72, Flert.street, London.

- 7,280
7,3;7

-

HOUSE OF COMMONS, THURSDAY, FED. 16.

TO DVERTISE
Th.e Proprietor wtshes t, call attenßon to the fact, that Aden-
Commits sent to " The Sunday Times" are invited in the whole of theft Impression, which a not the cane with most other Sunday
Papers, whose sale consists of two distinct impressions (one prit.ted
on Sunday and the other on Monday), in hod) of which Adver-
tisements are not inserted unless paid far is for two separate
payers: so that " The Sunday Times" will prove the hest channel
foe Advertisements, as it Oars by far the greatot oak of any weekly
twPw now published.

NEW LONDON BRIDOE.
Mr. Sheriff Crowder brought ups petition from the Lord Mayor,
Aldermen, and Common Council of the city of London; few leave
to enlarge the carriage and path ways over the New London Bridge,
and to draw 42,000/. from the Consolidated Fund, to defray the
expenses; and also to raise whatever other sums might be Imes-
sary to carry the seine into effect.
Ir. Sheriff (Nvwder presented another petition Bons the Mor
and Corporation of the city of London, for -lam to met it bags
over a erram creek which is to be eonatructed. • •• • •
Upon the motion that the Bill be read,

' Mr. Alderman WOOD rose. He said that he hoped On pro,
posing that the Bill be read a fire, time be might be allowed to
say a few words. The Honourable Member for Midhurat (Mr. 3.•
Smith) had infoimed him that ha (Mr. Alderman Wood) was to.
ported to have said last night, in the Rouse, that seversl bankeu
had lost 811,00 W. by discounting ncehequer bills. Upoorefareate
to the papers of this day, he found—
The SPEAKER said, that he hoped the Honourable Al-
derman would excuse the interruption, u he was sure the
Honourable Alderman could show the connexion between his
present observations and the petition before the considetatioe
of the Howie. Ile always felt it his duty to object td any Ho-
.nourable Member taking notice of any thing which occurred obt
of doors, unless. he was determined to prosecute the matter farther.
If an (Immutable Metnber intimated such intention, he had no
other discretion than to enforce the orders of the House.
Mr. Alderman WOOD not persevering in his observations, the
petition was read a first time.
RAMSGATE THEATRE.
Sir E. KNATCH BULL presented a petition from certain rode.
viduals for leave to bring in a Bill to erect a theatre at Ramsgate.
—Leave granted.
HIBERNIAN jOINT.STOCR COMPANY.
Mr. V. FITZGERAIXf presented a petition for leave to amend
nn Act for incorporating the Hibernian Joint-rock Company.—
, Referred to a Committee.

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Sir C MORGAN presented a petition from Caerleon, praying
fur the abolition of slavery in the West India colonies. •
Similar petitions were presented from Brintree, Thaxsteu,
Burking, and Wethersfield.
lic GURTEIS protected a petition from Athlete*: In &saet .
against slavery in the tole:lies.
Similar petitions were presented by Mr. Cy awn& hem Cocker.
month; by Sir T. BARING, front Chipping Wycombe; by LordAL-rattan, from Middleton Cheney, Northamptonshire; by
Lord G. SostEn SET, from Alversten and Chepstow in Essex.
Lord G. SOMERSET presented a petition from the clergy and
inhabitants of Chichester, praying for the abolition of slavery.
111 r. I'OYNTZ said that the petition presented by the Noble
Lord was most respectably signed. Public opinion was decidedly
hostile to those laws which kept the West Indian negro in a state
of bondage. He hopedlthe general expression of that feeling would
indece Ministers to bring forward some measure which would effect
immediate amelioration in the condition of the slaves, and the
abolition of that horrible system which oppressed and degraded
the onto/innate slave population of the West India islands.
CORN LAWS.
Mr. DUGDA r.r. presented a petition from the inhabitants of
A therstone in Warwickshire, praying a revision of the Com Lss.
Lord G. LENNOX presented a petition from certain land
owners in the western district of the county of Sussex, against any
alteration in the Corn Laws.

SILK TRADE.
Mr. DUG DA LE presented a petition from the rihand weavers
of Atherston in IVarivickAire, against the importation of nen=

Mr. LAWLEY presented a petition from the inhabitants of
Bam►cl• in Northamptonshire, to the URIC effect.
GLOVE TRADE.
Mr. BROGDEN' presented a petition from certain heather
dressers and glovers, against the importation of French gloves.

BRIDGE OVER THE 51ENAL
Sir 11. PARNELL moved tor a return of all monies paid by the
Post Office into the Court of lischequer for building a bridge over
the channel of Menai, between the island of Anginas and the
county of Carnareon.—Ordersd.
IRISH EXPORTS,
Mr. CURIVEN moved fora return of the quantity of meal,
homes, and cattle exported from Ireland for the last twenty ytars.
—Ordered.
INLAND BILLS OF EXCHANGE.

.......
Lord FOLKSTONE moved for a return of all statnps issued
froth the Stamp Office on inland bills of exchange, from the year
18#8 to 41825, inclusise.—Ordered.
PAPER CURRENCY.

CALCRAFT ;;;;;Flo7:c7pyOrthe order sent to the
Stapp Office for a return of the number of stamps isstied prohi-
biting the circulation of country bank notes under the value of five
pounds._

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that be
feared there would be some difficulty in procuring the copy mooed
for. He wished, however, to be be understood not to make any
objection to the production of the document, provided it could be
obtained.

Mr. CALCRAFT agreed to make the motion under this en.
deretanding.
CHURCH RATES IN IRELANI).
Sir J. NEWPORT assured the House that he would he very
brief in the observations he had to offer. He, last year, called the
attention of the, House to the abuses which existed in the
collection of rates in Ireland. On that occasion he detailed to tilt
House some of the numerous abuses which then prevailed. lie suc-
ceeded in getting a Bill through the House to remedy those abuses.
He hoped to leave seen that Bill come into operation ; hut after it
had passed that House, and when it was about to pass into a lew,
it met with opposition in another and a higher quarter. In the
House of Lords clauses were thrown out of the Bill which were of
the utmost importance, and most calculated to remedy the ev-.la
which grew out of the system of those rates. The rejection of those
clauses was injurious to that country. By the present system a
great portion of the people were excluded from any interference in
the imposition of those rates. Roman Catholics were obliged to
contribute to them though they were excluded from all per.
ticipation in deliberating or voting on the propriety or jostle* of
imposing such rates upon the people. He weed whew that great
abuses existed relative to rates, and that they were' levied tee-
properly, and contrary to law. By the clause which was throw
out of the Bill, it was provided,that if any parishioner felt aggrieved
by the inequality of church rates, or by their misapplication, I ecouii
give notice to the churchwardens, that he would appeal against
them, and seek redress. That was a very simple remedy for the
abuses complained of, and one which he wcs astonished should hate
been struck out of the Bill. It had been. however, excluded front
the Bill, and that exclusion rendered it a complete nonentiet.
The levying of church rates was oppressive, and diverted froitt
their proper and legitimate channels. By law a parish clerk was
allowed a salary of only five pounds a year; whereas at present.
under the system of abuse which prevailed In the management Of
those rates, a salary of 201. a year was often given to a parish clerk,
and there were instances where he received as much as XL In the re-
turns 3401. was allowed for building houses for parish and ve•tey
clerks. I n this country,wher.- the populetion and contributors to th
rates were Protestants, such ..lowsnces would not be tolerated. and
certainly it was not less oppressive in Ireland, where the majority
of those who paid church rates were Roman Catholics. (Hen, hen )
Salaries were allowed to organ-builders, and all such persons. At
some parishes they thought fit to patronise Bible Societies. end
made the Catholic peasantry subscribe to a fund. the objszt Of
which was to proselytize from the religion of those persons. There
was a charge made in the returns of lOU guineas for a piece of plate
to the curate, and SOL to the pariah clerk, and the None 'turn to the
vestry clerk. There was a sum of 8001. allowed to the cornets
for the period which the return embraced. There were allowances
for the Bishop's throne, who might be expected to defray str:h rot
char,ec from the revenues of hie see. There were allowances ro
bellows.blowere, to 'miter-maids, charges for clothes-horses. and
various other things; but the most extraordinary part of the
entire, and whit he would particularly call their attention.
to was, the simple fact, that there was no approach to the church
in question, except by clambering over ditches and walls.
He asked the House whether it would allow such a power to pro.
teed uncontrolled, when it was manifest that it was egregioushr
I perverted and abused 7 Will the House continue or prevent suds
a system of abuse? in another case there was an item fora lady's
pen, of 14 guineas, and a second one, of the Name nature. for 't6
' goineas. At this rate of proceeding, there was nothing which
would be eventually exempted from the operation of this 'lrbil's:v.
power. lie had already stated that in the Bill which he introduced
on this subject in the last Session, there wee aprovision introduced,
by which an appeal was left to the unfortunate peasant against sustt
exactions to the Quarter Sessions. That stipulation was removed,
and he now despaired of carrying another of the kind. If
meat would bring Ma Bill comprieing the objects of the resolutiOas
that he meant to propose, he would not have any objection to tot -
render the matter into their hands. The Right Hon. Baronet theta
proceeded to read his yesolution, which comprised the topics eits
which he had previously animadverted. Before he sat down, he
Wigan:ions to state that in two or three parishes the Protestant
inhabitants had expressed their sense of the impropriety ottite
system by undertaking the burden themselves. In some other
Places the Rectors had paid for the sacramental wine out of Mile
own pockets.
Lord A, TIIORP wished to ask his Right Hon. Frimd) Mr.
Goulhorn)"one question. It had been said in the King's Spepett
that measures were to be introduced into that House in remits
to Ireland s it was desirable that the country should know atAs
early a period as possible what the proposed remedies were. Bo
had therefore appealed to the Right Hon. Seere.ary for irelaml.
Mr. (JOULBURN said that it would sot, perhaps, he incerAtet,
before he made any tobletvations on the motion of the Right Hbh.
Baronet (Sir J. Newport). to reply to the question just asked by die
Noble fined (Althinpi. It was the intention of Government, and
it would be his own care, to adopt the measures on die subject
which had been recommended by the Committee which serburs
Session. The system of collecting tithes by composition had been
so practically diffitsed through helm(' that it had been deemed
advisable by the Lord Lieutenant of that eountry to allow It.
principle to work sometime longer, -before any alteration eisoblel
be made. The number of compositions on she last return wasille.
and there...ere now orb,—thtis making oh nosats of mere than •
fourth of all the pariabes in that •cesotty • the entopseithea
system had ham adopted. But this mods , not only dhallity
ileum but it hatesassibated toliatooduarattakable.ootn peottibilebr
I similar description... De bre bwr iriatioll by the A reliant
Barrister of the emit, of edit that tbobloshesos. of the (NAV
Sessions wheelie lassided bathe.* illadnlshs• inowthaloonti.
her; be *Nita aoseatiootof ribrayontan: That ibtrpt).
inetobtriailla psetIllote4:1111 eildrit,ef htesedtag tithes
had Iteothalkedataaraisk t in foram 4f !die
beneflit.dieluabirikom dist ' ThelenattlMAll
and Stow. Goa* the abrader ore*
lid te (Kr. Gralbers) Would shortly bob
• /•••tii....*
