EXTRAORDINARY INQUEST.

Saturday an inquest was held at the Poor-house, Graeowieb, be-
fore Mr. Cartier, Coroner foe Kent, On the body of Frames Cl..
ments, when the following singular evidence was adduced ;
John Farmer sworn—l am constable of Greenwich ;on Man.
day night I was at the 3litre public-house, about nine o'clock, in
consequence
of a riot, and went into the street, where I found de.
had had a light with a young woman, named Mary Anne
Hosbin ; neat day a warrant for the assault was taken out against
deceased, who was appiehended, and taken before a Magistrate
(Colonel Foreman), on Wednesday morning, before whom she
conducted herself whit such violence that she was committed to the
watch-house, to be -brought up again next day ; another woman,
named Margaret Hodge, was coniniitted to the same place, for •
similar offence, and they were both locked up together ; about two
o'clock on Wednesday information was brought me that one of the
women was hanging herself ; I went immediately to the cage,
ifikete I found Margaret Hodge lying on the floor on her back,itle
a black silk handkerchief tied tight r mad her neck, apparent,/
causing strangulation ; deceased was at that time crying ; after is
considerable time Ilodge was restored t animation, and then I had
her removed to the workhouse, that the necessary attention might
be paid her ; the other prisoner (the deceased) was again locked up.
The following morning deceased was had up before the Magistrate,
when the pri.sectitor, glary Anne Hoskin, offered to forgive her if
she would pay the expenses incurred. Deceased refuted, although
she had plenty of money in her punk ssion, sad in consequence was
committed toe tral at Maidstone, preparatory to which she wu
conveyed to the watch-house, where I found her the same morning
suspended by a blue shawl to the bars of the ventilator. I itumedi.
ately cut her down, and sent tut a surgeon, but life was quite
extinct.

Mary Bowie, of hamh.lane, Greenwich, deposed that she had
known the deceased for four years. She went to her on Thursday
morning, about eight o'clock, and asked her how she had slept ?
Deceased answered, that she had been too cold to sleep at all, and
dist the treatment she had received was enough to make her de.
*troy herself ; she saw her again at half-past one, when she ap.
pointed her to stse licr at three, but that if she called on her at that
time, and she (deceased) did not 1/1151, Cr. she should be asleep;
witness went at three, as agreed on, but at that time she was tm

Thomas Larking, constable, proved her apprehension, ant the
she was sober at the time trite committed the horrid deed: he bad
known her upwards of seven years ; her age did not exceed twenty.
Margaret Hodge, the companion of the deceased, who had en-
deavoured to strangle herself, was brought before the Jury ; she
was a fine-looking young woman, and excited considerable in-
tont. The Coroner and Jury entered into a desultory con.
venation with her, with the very proper view of aecertainis;
the state of her mind, before she gave her testimony ; bet fin&
ihg her calm, she win swont, an deposed as follows :—I haver
known deceased five years; we have always participated in each
other's fortunes, and on all oecastonr acted as like each othir as
possible; we had made no agreement about self-murder; on
the contrary, when I raid I should strangle myself. deceased re-
monstrated with me on the fully and impropriety of the act ; these
remonstrance* had no effect on me, as I soon after made the attempt
on myself, by fling the handkerchief sound ray neck, whilst de-
ceased was looking out through the window ; I soon lost my senses
and never saw her more; deceased was often in much trouble, and
sometimes behaved with great •ii,lence and d.speration. 'Wham
expressed little contrition fin her own conduct, and as little pity foe
her departed friend.
Several witnesses spoke to the distressed state of the dee.ssed's
mind, which proceeded from ha having been seduced and deserted
by a man who had since married another woman.
The Conos En summed up the evidence with great care, and
detailed with cor.siderable talent the doubtful parts of the witnesses'
testimony as to the state of the dcos‘ell's mind.
The Jury returned a verdict. 'lint the deoessed died from
having hung herself, in a tit of temporary insanity."

COTTII7S".„-sthlrt-le°l;a‘tieNcol2.iwnuPedith.reatCapetlenrirnlseofaFesteb.a2°.ly.ldesnatie
for Vinton during the week, and the Wiliness dune in India
descriptions alone will exceed 2,11.10 bales; were' of the e,
houses are buyers, and speculators have again been in the ma
id. per lb. has been paid on Sura:a of the last sale, and
holders will not sell at that advance: 200 Bowed. have
disposed olio ;id. middling (air.
SI ri 7A It—There has been very little business doing in
vadt•s this week, and gencr..ly the market may be mated I
the previous currr•ry : the pan Sugars still continue scant
TALLOW —The Tallow inarl.et ten been in a very de
state ; the extensive *peculators have b.sais selling old parcels
very reduced rates, which has occasioned a great heaviness in
dew t the prices ot• yellow candle Tallow have declined to 3Ss.,
on Fri lav there is again sale rental in the trade, and 31a. 9'
the tentest price.

~i

in InJia .1
he export
c market ;
sod many
also been
111 user. 0
heavy at
depressed
parcels at
ess in th4i
315., but
34a.dd.

FROM SATURDAY NIGHTS GAZETTE.

Admiralty (kJlee, Feb. 21.
palmate)" dated the 31st of- last month and let instant, have i Nothing of public interest occurred to-day ; except that the
th 44 morning been received at this (Mice from the Honourable Cap.. • Loan CHANCELLOR, on Mr. Pastan praying that a prisoner,
tam Spencer, of his Majesty's ship Naiad (who had been directed • who had been brought up by Habeas Corpits,And was in Court,'
to prated to Algiers, to make, in conjunction with his Majesty's should be heard, made the following feeling renTarks on the pressure
Umlaut at that Regency, a remonstrance against same late proceed.. of his ill-paid labours :—" But is it not a very hard thing ? Till
errs of the De)), stating that his negociatlon had ended unaritis- .
!within three or four years ago,. I never knew of a prisoner being
fe onrily. and that the Consul was obliged to strike the British flag, : brought into this Court by a writ of liattns Corpus. and the
a:4l embark on board his Majesty's ship. ! mittee of the House of Lords thought proper, for the purpose of bct-
Camsin Spencer further reports, that having met an Algerine , ter enabling the Chancellor to get through ether business, to give i
.orvette„ he felt it, under his instructions, his duty to attack her, i him the power of referring any such case that came before him to
:.••ol 'hat she was laid on board, and captured lo the most handsome : Kale other Judge; and although there are no less than 12 Judge.. in
•:‘ettner, by his Majesty's brig Camelion, when Captain Spencer i town at present, yet I am day after day to he occupied in hearing
bad the satisfaction to find that he had rescued seventeen Six:Mardi,' these cases, merely because parties don t think proper to go before
whom the Algerine was carrying into slavery. 'them. antrin consequence, lamto he loaded with obloquy through-
- '
• out the whole of the town for delaying other cases! I think, if
Admiralty Office, Feb. 21. I reple out of ('oral were only to ruler late how snarls time I have
This is to give notice, that the Lords Commissioners of the Ad.! been oect.poll in hearing writs of IlabeJs Corpus !ably, they wont,'
be a little more sparing is their relkctions thou they ecally are."
miralty will immediately appoint convoys, to afford protection to :
the trade through the Straits of Gibraltar, and within the 3lediter. ' _...—....„--.
arrangrapnitu. until the differences with the Regency of Algiers shall be
J. W. CROKE&
Crows (*ice, Feb. 21.
IMBUE/ RETURNED TO SERVE 1N TiltS PRESENT
PARLIAMENT.
Boman sf Wenbly—The lion. Henry Frederick Thynne, corn.
mumly calkd Lord Henry Frederick Thynne, in the room of Turd
rrcderick Cavendish Bentinek, who has accepted the Chiltern
I.L.r.;:.:vs.

MILITARY7'IMHOTIONS.

hr Nary 20.1821.
tthh r.,,immt of Foot—MajorAieneral Sir John Teunbert,
K.(' I. us be C.clonel, trier Sir Thomas Maitland, deceased.

BREVET.

-- 1-ncral Sir Frederick Mans, F.C.B. to have the lend
rar k of I.ninenant-Oeneral in the lonian Islands.

STAFF.

0.......
n M .set ajor William George Moore. of the lit or Grenadier
Foot G..ards, to be Deputy Quartermaster-General to the Forces
scr,rl^,c in the Windward and Leeward Islands (with the rank of
Lic...teaant-Colonel in the Army), vim Popham, dectused.

Octef of Ordnanee. Feb. 20.
Royal R* meet of Artillery—Major-General Sir Benjamin
Bloomfiekl, BIM. to be a Colonel Commandant, vice Farrington,
deceased.

BANKRUPTCIES SUPERSEDED.
W. M'Admm. I ,fieeater, draper.
Jefrrey'o-square.. merchant.
.1. 'OWN Harerfordovst. Pembroke, draper.
BANKRUPTS.

........
W. Pafrim, Rendirg, lterks, roach-master, to surrender. Feb.
1-mioy 2a, March 6, and April 3, at eleven, at the Itanknou?
t Solkiiors, Messrs. Cook and Hunter, Clement's-Inn New
Limbers, St and.
J. Milne, Liverpool, plumber and gluier, March 8, it. and
• 3, at one, at the Neptune Hotel. Liverpool. Solicitors,
11 ilk, Watson, Bower, and 111114, Tokenhouse-yard ;
t!••• Mr. Minim. Tyrcr-street, Liverpool.
I.nclierby. Southampton, miller, February 28, March
ar,; t. at twelve, at the Angel Inn. Romsey. Solicitors,
e. t. Comner, Rooney; and Mr. T. Roe, 'Priapic l'ham-
1-et.street.
J. :infirm, Chatham, Kent, victualler, March 1,3, and April
leo, at the Chalmers Inn, Gondhurst. Solicitors, slesars.
and Miller. Gondhurat ; and Mr. Allen, Clifford's-Irm.
• T. PickhurstA Iran, Kent, cattle-dealer, February 28,
• r.:. 2. and April 3, at ten, at the Bankrupts' Court. Solicitor,
`. 7. NAIIIIOO. Croydon.
P. A. I 'omptoo, Beckenham and Lee, Kent, farmer, February
March 6, and April 3, at ten, at the Bankrupts' Court. Sub-
. e!.or. Mr. E. IlriMth. lligh.street, Mary-le-bone.
W. Walker, Charks-street, 3liddlesex Hospital, haberdasher,
February Int. March 6. and April 3, at twelve, at the Bankrupt?
Court. -Solicitor, Mr. F. Smith, Charles-street, Middlesex Hos-
Pita.
Southworth, Sharpies, Lancaster, whitster, March 5,6, and
.Awell 3, at eleven. at the Bridge Inn, Bolton-le-Moors. Solicitors,
Mr. J. Knowles, Bohon-le-floors; and Messrs. Milne and Parry,
Tem
T. Psteeken, 615-street, Limehouse, baker, February VI, March
5. and April 3, at ten, at the Bankrupts' Court. Solicitor, Mr. G.
Woirship-atreet.coad.
R. Pritchard, Regent-Cirrus, Oxford-street, dressing-case-ma.
r.ufat tom, February 24, March 13, and April 3, at eleven, at the
Barl:Ti, ins' Court. Solicitor, Mr. B. Lawrence, Dean's-court,
Derm-s. Commons.
- - - _

U. I.7vy, otkerwlve H. Levett, and L. Levy. Basing-lane and
IVlllingtoe.place, Poplar, warehousemen, February March 0,
'sad April 3, at twelve, at the Bankrupts' Court. Solicitor, Mr.
Andrews', Great IVinchester-street. _

J. (711sdwirk, Holborn-hill, watchmaker, February 28, March
.6, aid April 3. at twelve, at the Bankrupts' Court. Solicitor, Mr.
Ni'dett, Cushion-court, ()Id Broad-street.
11. Conner, Commercial-place, City-road, carpenter, February
.34, March 6, and April 3, at ten, at the Bankrupts' Court. Soli-
ci•ars, Messrs. Oriel and header, IVormwood-street, Bishopagate.
01. wester, horse-dealer, February 8.11, March 6. and
April 3, at trelce, at the Bankrupts' Court. Solicitor, Mr. 3lor-
am, Ely-plwre, Holborn.
DIVIDENDS.

S. Salmon, Regent-street, sistisaar, at tea, at the
Reekrupte Court.
_ _ _ _ . . . . .

3: arch 13. J. Telford and W. Atundtll, Limped, habodasbent,
a• ate cam. at the Bankrupts' Court.
March 16. J. Farrell, Prospect-place, Newington Causeway, at
cl zrcn, at the Bankrupts' Court.
klar....h 13. J. Boyd' and Berard John De Witte, Commerad-
cl.2:rbers, Mincing-lane, merchants, at one, at the Bankrupts'
I ...lon.

Marelt 20. G. MeT(l7. Basinghell.atreet, woollen-draper, at ale-
at the Bankrispts' Court.
7.1 arch 23. I'. Greetharn, Liverpool, ship-chandler, at 1111 e, at the
George 11:3, Liverpool.
" Aterch I. It. and T. Barrow, Liverpool, cornmserebants, at one,
at the Inn' Liverpool.
March 11. R. Shirley, Bucklenbury, carpetmtanufactura, at
eicreo.st the Bankrupts Coat.
March 17. It. Isbell, C. Cbapple, and R. D. Isbell, Milbay,
S'.34;ehol,r, Loon, builder, at twelve, at Wheatley's Hatel,Devan
prt.
March 13. T. Benbow, Bromyard, Herefordshire, draper, at
twelve, at the White BMW Inn, Sibree.stroet, Ware/atm
March 22. J. T. Grocott, Maachester, wine-merebant, at ten, at
the Star Inn, Manchester.

,ilszeb 13.•
C. Harrison. Aldgate High-street, eheesemonger, at
twelve, at the Bar.krupts' Court.
.March l& W. Miuldr, Leeds, Yorkshire, linen-draper, at (1,-
rent al the Court-house, Leeds.
lihirch IS. D. E. Colston, Islington-road, otherwise S John's-
street-road, upholsterer... eleven. at the Bankrupts' Court. t.
. PA RT 24; LitS H IPS DISSOLV ED.
_ _ _ _ _ _

B. J. Wake and T. J. Parker, Sheffield, attorneya-atdaw—
J. Lliapman, Newark-upoo-Trent, and W. Sadler, North Musk-
!. Arn. lottir.ehamshire, mal [stem —W. Sy me* and W. G. IV icker,
Peri.sham H.,rsetshire, nialtsters—S. Edenbormigh and H. Eden-
I orough, 111 ilk-street, so far as rrijards H. Edenborisugh.—W.
Alexander, Famhanis-Mean, and 1% . Alexander, Crandall, malt.
stun.—(i. A. and G. Young, Leadenhall-street, inerchants--W.
Wartnabv, arn. 11. Shuttlewarth, and T. Ingram, Market-flar-
borasigh.leicestersitire, solicitors.—T. and J. Langton, H. May-
(hell, and J. Butcher, Liverpool.—W. Tate and J. B. Gamier,
London.--U. !derrick, J. }Tutor, and J. Bright, Crankeyshaw
and Ralccwontl, near Rochdale., and at Manchester. cotton-spin-
ness.—J. S. and J. Booth, tiildersoine, cloth-marufactarrrs.__J.
Granger, Market-Ilarborough, and T. Barker, 3ledbourne, Leiees-
terAure, corn-dealers.—J. Plower, and J. F. Seaton, London,
merchants.—J. Adams. J. Pares, and J. Heygate, Ilnmsgrovc,
Worcestershire.—E. and T. Yates, Bolton-le.Moors and Manches-
ter, nmshn and bed-quilt-maaufacturerw—C. Nicholls and T.
!;rags, Aldenhani, St. Alban's, Hertfordshire, buildcrs.—W. Nor-
ris and E. Ablitt, Ipswich, coppersmiths.—D. Sharp and W. C.
Keele, Southampton. and Itutnsev, Hants, attorneys-at-law.—C.
Webster, and T. Limed. Cranhnurne-street, Leicester-square,
linen-drapers—lt. Veryard and T. Smyth. Bristol, (lax and hemp.
dressers.—lt. Charles and J. Steele, Calvert-street, Old Gravel-
lace, coopers.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY, SATURDAY, FED. 21.

Tlic average price of Drown or Muscovado Sugar„cornputed from
the Reruns made in the Week ending the lath of February, 1924,
is 345. pvr Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties of Cus-
toms palti or payable thereon on the importation thereof into Great
Primo.
Average pike of Corn from the Returns received in the Week
ending Feb.l4, 11024.
11""it::t. I Racier. I Oats. I Rye. I Beans. I Peas.
s. s. d. a. d. a. d. a. d. s. 4.
7 7 7 1; 2s 9 42 0 42 4 41 3

MEETING.% OF CREDITORS,
AT THE IiAKENUPTS. ( UPRT, BASINGIIALL-STREET,

TI)• MORROW.

TIIIKI)
upyr. 17. !lolSnm, conch-master
! merritata
II ;I ttsl4.;,. .; I:ol.trodc-street, coat-mere
( /As Os, H. (IKinisford, lined-draper

SECOND MEETINGS.
11,1dtl, W. Livvrpool, par Lr-hanging manufacturer
11 ohluy, St. James's-street. Cment-gartlen, boot-maker
Leader. 1:. the younger, %V Haan-Jinn:et, l'insbury.aquare,
oplIl..?: • •
•sh.. I'. ( Itticn-row, Southwark, merchant
J. t roc'. Thamea-street, stationer
Vl' 1,.:.rt0a, T. litibury-placc South, tailor -

EIRCT DIIKETINGS.
Cfloper, II U.)mmercial-place. City-mad, carpenter
Crania', .1. :',lo.l'ie-atreet. Knighmbridge, merchant -
Cmwther, W. V:ll's Buildings, Islington, apothecary
Limb, S. Cheapside. hatter - - -
l'riLzhard, It. Regent-circus. dreasinp-ease maker -
I/IVO/ENDS.
Arnold, .1. Lothbury, merchant - - -
V.ollina, It. Regent-street, Oxford-street, carpet.dtakr -
IHYIIIIO. J. ( orentry-street, Haymarket, jeweller -
Miller, J. Burlington Arcade, Piccadilly, bookseller
-.1, J. sett. and J. jun. Ziewgate-market, cheese-

H. Ji

PRIV.ITi; St/AP MANUFACTORY.
THE 1:114;(; r. lIENJA MIN 'MING.
This was an Infonnation tiled at the instance of the Attorney-
General against the defendant. a respectable wax and tallow-
chandler. residing at No. 3dl, ( kford-street, for secreting a quan-
tity of 'imp, wher.:by lie was liable to a penalty ; the information
also contained a variety of clunts, charging the defendant with
committing the same offence on various occasions; other counts
12 also charged him with concealing materials for meting soap.
131 William Iletheriniton swum, examined by Mr. Clnrke--1 am

COURT OF KIND'S BENCH, SATVIDAY, FEL 21.

:4 st. James's, chemist

7.1 PITA e. BAILEY.
This was an actin upon the use by the proprietor of the Isle-
worth coach, against the proprietor of the Brentfortl coach, for an
injury done to • mare of the piaintiff 's, b the negligent driving
of the defendant's
cident that gave rise to the action happened. The !Acworth each
was stopping, on its way to Landon, at the comer of Drum-
Line, in Brentford, for the purpose of taking up a passeeger, and
the Brentford coach coming by at that moment, the leader of the
former coach received a severe injury in the haunch, by coming in
contact with the spindle bar of the latter.
On the part of the plaintiff, four passengers, two by-standers and
the eoarliman, swore positively that the mischief was occasioned
entirely by the negligence of the defendant's coachman; which,
on the defendant's side, three passengers, one bystander, and the
coachman, swore as positively, that the driver of the platßtilf
coach was to blame. . • •
Upon this condieting evidence the ease went to the Jury, who,
with very little hesitation, found a verdict for the plitiatill—lle-
muses 101. a sum previously agreed upon by the parties.

COURT OF COMMON, LEAI3. SAT V aDAY, Fss.4l.

r.....,

The Jury returned • verdict for the plaintit—Datnages 381. in.
elusive of intere‘t.

Sever.] other eases were tried during the day, but they possessed
little interest.

COURT OF EXCHEQUER, FEBRUARY 21.

[ Odor Mr. Berms iiot.LoCX.l

TILE K WILLI 1M JAPE S GAXDT.

Mr. WALTON open.sl the pleadings.
The Soi.iciwon-GE xs: um. limed the case to the Jury. It
was, he said, an information which had been filed against the above
defendant, an attorney, residing at Everton, in Liverpool, for
having received a quantity of liritish spirits, wef knowing the
sante had never paid duty, and ',hereby he had forfeited the sum
of 1001. ; them were also other events fur a similar offence, in re.
ceiving aorne without a permit, and eh:lining another similar
penalty.
James Cross sworn: I reside in Liverpool, and am acquainted
with the house of Mr. Gandy, which is situated at the earner of
Virgil and Great Homer-street, in Everton ; the defendant's name
is on the door. on a brass plate.
Cross-examined by 51r. Jenets—The defendant is a very ?e-
-rectable man.
And not likely to break the laws, said Mr. JEne,rs.
But likely to drink whiskey, said Mr. Baron II v:Loc
Richard Sullivan sworn—l kept a public-house, No. 54, Old
Dock, Liverpool ; and shortly after agreed to act up a private still,
in company with Joseph Mundell, John solly, and Thomas Mea-
dows. We commenced working it on the 7th of December, Ift2,'
and the first delivery took place two days afterwards. On the 18th
December fou: gallons were delivered to the house of 3lr. Gandy,
in tin OWL. _ _

Cross-examined by Mr. Jenvts—Xarn now a hatter, and bate
employed the defendant as an attorney; but I do not owe him any
thing. When we entered into the partnership we used fictitious
names; Meadows was " Tom." Sony was Jerry," Mundell
was Charley," and I was • Bob Logic." An oath of seamy
was taken by 'Tom, Jerry, and Charley; but I did rot take the
oath, and therefore was at liberty to give information, which I did
on the 2th of February. I was led into the concern by Mundell;
Dandy bad nothing whatever to do with it. I have since bees
sorry that I had any concern in it ; and was advised by my friends
to give information.
J welly sworn, and examined by the Sorrierroa-Ganzaax..--
, On Nth of December, I tilled up two gallon cans of whiskey, and
they were taken to the house of Air. Gandy by Thomas Meadows,
and the cans were afterward,' brought back by him. On the
9th of January I tilled two more cans of two gallons each, and
they were taken to the house of Mr. Dandy, which was charged
at I.ls. per gallon. 1 went to the office in April, and demanded
payment of M. 12s. for the whole; he hesitated a little time, aad
then said he had never received any. I said he had, and requested
to hare the sooner ; he said, had it been left at his house his wife
must have received it, and that he would inquire about h. About
four days afterwards I again saw him, when he said he had never
received it and that he would never pay for it, adding that 3lun-
dull owed him a great deal of money, and offered to produce his
hooks.

Craw-examined by Mr. Jeans—An oath of secrecy was an.
ministered by Mundell or Sullivan to me, that I would not reveal
40y thing against them ; it was administered on the New Testa.
nient. i came from Liverpool. I have no house or shop there,
but when I left I came from the Howie of Correction. I have been
in Ilritlewell also, and may have been there a dozen times within
the last two years. NVhen I called nn the defendant for the money
he saiu he bad not received it, his atie might have received it, anti
he was nct liable for Lee transactions.

SOLICITOH-GENERAI..—Every man has his infirmities, you
know, Jerry and are you not a little quarrelsome when you get
a little whiske) ?
J erry.-- Every man is tipsy sometimes.
Sot it: it 011-li CNEKAI..—And that is your case, and by that
means you got into the house of Correction and Bridewell ?
Jerry--11 is so.
Mciitows proved having delivered the two parcels, con-
taining tour gallons of whiskey. to the house of Mr. tiancly. On
arriving there he pulled the bell, and a servant canic to the door.
(to another occasion he also said he delivered four more gallons,
and alter each time fetched away the cans.
On his eross.casiiiination he stated the concern to have begun in
December, when he constituted one of the partners. An oath of
vemecy was taken by some of them, but he did not know by whom,
anal he was rot sworn.

William Newby Plant, an officer of excise, proved having made
tli scitorc of the .till is ()Id Dock.

Mr. JEN c In then addicssed the Jury on behalf of the defendant.
Ile was co:fluxed the Jury would say his client was not guilty of
the offence imputed to him, either on one or both the transactions.
It was sufficient for hint to suy there was no evidence which could
found a conviction, net. could he consider the Jury would credit the
ce:dence of four prodigate, abandoned characters, who entered
into a partnershin for a private still, and, not having sufficient
confidence in one ;mother, they tate an oath of teeny, which
I was and assumed the fictitious natives of Toni, Jerry,
Charley. atAl Hob Logic. Thi y were nil very anxieus alto gave
flair evideoce, to make i: appear that they did rot take the oath.
Ile would h.:,ve it to the .1 are to sty, whether, having taken an
.fin o fut. th.y and not drat:red themselves perjured.
Ile considered it possible net the woman who took in the whiskey
might been there by the man liiiiaralf-; or, no doubt.
the conk-maid. the housc-t•Li.l,the kitchen-maid, or even the mu-
:wry-v.1,6d. took whiskey ; be was convii.ced they had all had a
smack of it, end there might have teem nre among the L:eily who
had tame the other side of the Liffey, and consid,rins.: she
I comet get i Ire whisker from this man at a cheap rate. she plight
!hr.ve said 13 him, ‘•
,lost bri,g it round to the garden door, and I
will take i. from vou," while the ;limn itii;;111 have intended it for
her n..zNtcr ; tl./ fore. lilt the ease to the Jury, being l:ee.
suaded tin! case As sufra.iently proved; and in conclusion the
Learned 'oton.e! said. uul.:ss any of y air coot-maids, house-maids,
or any other omits (f. a I dare say thy are all maids in your ha-
mily don't drink wl.!stey, then you will have to puy a penalty for
every drop you receive.
The SOLI s' ITOIt -( !CERA,. replied.
'lr. Baron flu t.i.ot summa) up the case to the .Inry, and
after a half an hour's consultation, they returned a verdict liar
the frown on the first teld third aunts of the information,
which subjects the defendant to the penalty of Two Hundred

n
n
10
10

a survevrw of excise ; on the 25th April, lan, I went to a farm-'
house shoat four or live miles on the Edgeware.road ; it was called
Hodge's Farm on arriving a: the house I inquired who wait ac.
cursing it, when a person named James Pittle came to the door.
11 told hint I cone to search the house, when be inquired if we could
prove ourselves officers; on proving ourselves to be such, he said,
" You have come at a lucky time, for we have just cleansed ;"
we then entered the premises and found 25110 pounds weight of '
wan in the frames, which ass seized.
I:t idence was then given to show that Thing was connected with
I the illicit manufactory, and that several quantities of soap had
been secretly conveyed to his stables in Marlborough Mews. It
was proved, likewise, that the defendant provided the vats and
other things necessary for conducting the manufactory.
Mr. Jeeets addressed the Court on behalf of the defendant.
The find sixteen counts. he observed, were disposed of in a word,
jots it sifted thnt Benjamin Ming was a maker of soap, which had
been negatived by the evidence, so that the Crown, like every other
iplaintiff, must stand or fall by its own witnesses. The seventeenth
, and eighteenth counts he should also contend were bad in point of
law; they were framed upon the Act of Parliament 59th Geo. 111.
c. 90, sec. 8, which rendered them fatal, not having the allegation
that he was in point of fad a maker of war, and his argument
was, that they were distinctly negatived by the evidence.
The COURT mid, at the present time the construction of the
Act of Parliament could not be decided upon ; it would be the
better plan to let the case go to the Jury upon the two last counts
mentioned, viz. seventeenth and eighteenth, when they could decide
whether the defendant had any hand in the conveyance of the snap ;
, and the objection urged could be the subject of another application,
either by arrest of judgment cr writ of error.
Mr. 3ritvls then proceeded in bis address. The question was,
was Mr. Thing, the respectable wax and tallow-chandlerof Oxford.
street, the person guilty of making this soap? If he was, he had
incurred penalties to God knows what amount; but at present, by
the evidence, it appeared that this person Pittle was the maker.
[At this moment several interesting females entered the Court, a-d
took their station in the gallery, over the Itaron ; the eyes of cite
Jury, and in fact every other person in the Court, were turned to-
wards the display.)
Jlir.-Jonv is observed, that he was conscious of what the Jury
wag then admit fat he could not cast his eyes that way, being
fearful ha should Fed so much attraction that it would; repress the
cod of his obtenuions.
Jurt obeeryed they bad ears as well wt eyes ; avid the Learn-
than pretended to argue, that the evidence was not suffi-
cient ng to manse the cm.
r 0.14 CITQR-Ugx BRAL replied, and
NARY rvAms tr. BURTON AND °THUS. . Baron flowing summed upthe case to the Jury, reeapitu.
This was an action brought to reenter the sum of IFIL due on a Nethe evideete which had been adduced, and left it to the Jury
promissory note which had been indorsed to the plaintiff The to say t.lt ther lining was actually a soap-maker. The other ques.
fentiants were the proprietors of the Shrewsbury Bank, and. As that men s tA, whether he conveyed the soup, or was concerned in
plaintiff called evidence to show that she had rceetted the ads fit I.the removal? t %sped to the 19th and 20th counts, viz. that
question limn her uncle, Edwanl Evans, in payment of Come ma he bad received the wisp without • permit, there could be no
ney she had advanced him. On the part of the effeminate, proof doubt,
was adduced that Edward Eeaut, was a cleat to Mr. Ltota. we; The Jury retired to consider of their verdict, and their being ab-
Shrewsbury, an attorney, and a member of the Chrewsbury Bank sent about half an hour. returned with a verdict for the King on
that Mr. Lloyd was also the agent to Lord Tankerville, and was , ell the counts, which she Fortna.n observed, they were very sorry
employed by that nobleman to collect his rents in that part of the fie; and that they were el opinion the defendant was a soap-Ina.
country. Mr. Lloyd had been engaged In recovering some rent ker, but had been drawn into it by a bad man.
from Larne. one of his Lordship's tenants, and Edward Evans The ADVOCATE, on the part of the Crown, intimated that they
would take the veedict as given, but would only press the penalties
haring received the money on account of Mr. Lloyd, paid it into
the Shrewsbury Bank, from which be obtained the note in ques- oft the two first counts for 100111
tion, which wan made parable to order, and bore interest from its ---
date. This note appeared to have been indorsed to the plaintiff by
Evans, in breach of his trust, he having Ito wrsonal interest what.
ever in it. The widow of Evans was called to prove that she did
not know of any money hasieg been advanced by the plaintiff to
her husband, and the defendant's case closed.
The Loan CIIIEr JUST ICE told the .) my, that if they believed
the plaintiff had really advafteed the money, and had Im.na fiik taken
the note in payment, they must find a verdict in her favour, as the
fraud of the uncle could not affect her. If, an the contrary, they
thought that the whole was a conspiracy between the uncle and the
plaintiff to defraud the Bank, they must give a verdict for the de-
fendants.

SECONDARY 'S OFFICE, COLEMAN-STREET,
SATURDAY.

ABBOTT T. T,'RNER.

This was an action brought to recover one per cent. upon a con•
siderahle sum of moner—about 12.0001.. the loan of which had
been procured by the plaintitlfor the defendant.
l'he Jury were summoned to assess damages, judgment having
been suffered to go by default.
Mr. ll'it.nr. stated that the defendant, being in temporary want
of • considerable sum of money, advertised for a loan, and after-
wards had an interview with the plaintiff upon the subject. It was
then agreed that five pounds per cent. should be paid fur the term,
and that the plaintiff should have one per cent. for procuring the
loan. The money was forthcoming at the appointed time. but the,
defendant having disposed of some property in the city, had no oc-
mien foe the loan, and refused to pay the plaintiff the one per
cent. for negotiating it. This action had been brought in conse.
quence of the refusal, and the Jury would not hesitate to reniu-
nerate the plaintiff for the trouble he had in raising the money, as,
whether the sum had been actually lent or not, he was precisely in
the same situation as negotiator. The charge would be ad.
mitred to be most moderate, and it was the practice in the com-
mercial, world to give a higher lee fur negoclaung than had been
demanded by the plaintiff.
The Clerk of the plaintiff stated, that he was present when the
plaif 4ff, arid defendant bad convention respecting the loan. The
terms proposed by the plaintiff' was, that 6 per cent. should be
paid upon the motley, and that be should have 1 per cent. for ne.
goiSating. Those terms Fere, without hesitation, acceded to, and
the money was got in readiness. The plaintiff had said to the de.
fondant that, on such occasions., it was usual to allow 2i pa cent.
' to the negotiator, but be put it to the defendant, whetherl per cent.
' would be too much, and was told at once that he should have it.
By the sale of some property in the city, the necessity of borrowing
the money was dune away, and the defendant would not defray the
expenses of the tieLociation.
Mr. Po LI. ocxThr the defendant, addressed the Jury at some
length. Ile submitted that his client, having derived no advantage
from the negociation, it was unfair to claim so large an amount
for merely having procured the promise of a loan of money. It
was far from his client's intention to refuse a reasonable com-
pensation for the trouble at which the plaintiff had been to pro-
cure the loan, but the percentage demanded could not, under such
circumstances, be for a Moment expected. Had the plaintiff re-
quired 6L or 101.-eadii.fas • recorupenoes Shore would. not have
been any objnaien ;Witte demand; but he was determined to
leave it to a jury to decide, whether lie was to pay exorbitant.
ly for the promise of a loan which he had not found it neces-
sary to accept.
The Jury, after a few minutes' consideration, assessed the du-
maga at Seventy Pounds.

WESTERN CIRCUIT.
(The days have been erroneously stated in the Papers.]
Soothamptoo,3lar.ll,Winchester Devon - Mar. 22, Exeter
Wilts - -.-- 12, Nes/Sarum Cornwall 29, Launceston
Dorset . - 17, Dorchester Somerset - Apr. 3, Taunton

Miller, J.
Strickland,
ITlONgerll
Tadter, J.
..1.4e
• +l..
\.;
