THE NbRTIT AMERICAN

A good deal has been said and written as
stability of the union between the North /
During the late yrar with this country it
great
danger. Public opinion was beginning
Titled, that if the Contest had been much -
Eastern States would, it is likely, have
withdraw from a compact which bound them
war in every respect inimical to their feelings
The Hartford Convention was the first step
*ration. Bbt it appears now that another ca
permanent nature is silently sowing the seeds
this cause is the existence of slavery, which,
ern States, is forbidden, but prevails general!'
Southern States. The Presidential election
all the violence of feeling with which it was
to the secret struggle between the Northern
States. Adams was the Candidate of the fore
die favourite of the latter. The Southern
Lave succeeded, but they unwisely divided
amongst three candidates, Jackson, Crawfi
They bad *to man who individually '
ter equal to that of Mr. Adams. Havi,
poiuting a President of their own, the
have become exceedingly jealous of their
reignty, and because some adjudications I,
against them in the Supreme Court of t 1
and some measures contemplated by the
ment with respect to the Indians, a Comm
Legislature of Georgia have presented a Report,
they talk of appealing to arms in defence -
If this feeling were- extensively shared by t
the Union would evidently be drawinglrapidl
hut we believe it is at present confied to the
Members of the Legislature of Georgia, and
the malcontents are said to be considerablv
The fact however remains that the feeling e.
a Committee of the Legislature of Georgia
mended the Southern States to withdraw from
Von, and if necessary, tb carry this determi
effect by an appeal to arms. The following
from the 4\-eu: York Daily Arlorrti,er of Jo--
STATE LEGISLATURE.
In the House of Representatives, on the Rth
kin, from the Select Committee, to whom was
the communication of the Governor, as relates to
terference of the United States Government with
fairs, presented the following Report and Itesolut
" The Committee to whom was referred so
vernor's message as relates to the disposition ,
latterly unhappily evinced itself in the different
General Government to control the domestic affair
meddle with and'to endanger the peace, the repose
Southern States, after deliberating on this subjr.e
feelings of sorrow and regret, have to proclait
come, or is rapidly approaching, when the States
Georgia, from Missouri to Louisiana, must cool
one man say to the Unioa—t We will no longer
' ed rights to the snivelling insinuations of bad
Congress—our constitutional rights to the dark
structions of designing men upon judicial branches
test the doctrine and disclaim the principle of unlimited
to the General Government.'

" The greatest objects of the American Ul
lo practice as beautiful in thecry ; they were es
IS they were important ; the relations with foreign
confided to the United Government. The powers r
protection of the confederated states front emir
from enemies within, alone were given. All otl
to the several states as separate and and sovereign,
usurped by construction—legislative, executive, t
•' When from 1770 to 1776 the Government of ,
ing a war of restriction upon Boston and the t
feeling, re unworthy suspicions, no sectional jesh
bowed in the bosoms of the men of the south, be
and with simultaneous impulse, from Virginia t
united their fate with their colonial brethren.
to 1811, the mighty Pow cr.% of France and England.
else hostile to each other, combined to drive from •
world the ships and the commute of the northern '
of the south did not meanly stoop to calculate t.
solving that the wrongs of a part were the wrongs
American family, proclaimed defiance to both, and
won on the mountain wave, and in the marshes
freedom cf the trade of the world.
" These are the feelings we brought into the .
these we shall leave it, if unprincipled men prosper
work of demolishing the noble, the august, the • -
our Union.

" The States of the south will convey the prods
soil and genial climes to the markets of the
will open wide its arms to receive them.
brethren then, if there is no peace in Union,
become too heavy to be longer born*, in the name ,
find peace among themselves. Let them continue tt
self-righteousnesi ' • let them bask in their own elysiL
depict all south of the Potomac, as lsieous rererke.
as Sparta, as Rome was, we will he, they held sa
them. Let the North then form national roads
them guard with Torii% their own interest, let th,
public debt until an high minded aristrocacy shall
We want none of these blessings. Rut in the sim,
patriarchal government, we would still remain matter
under our own vine and our cwn fig tree, and
upon Him, who of old time, looked down upon
without wrath."

•' Rs it therefore resolved by the Senate and IL
tires of the Stute of Georgia in General Asseta
concur most heartily in the sentiments on this t
rated by his Exrellene), the Governor, that, 6
the argument, we will stand by our 5M..," and
of this dee:titillation we mutually pledge to each
our fortunes, and our sacred honour.'
" Be it further resolved—That his Excellency
requested to forward a copy of these Resolutions
of each State in the Union respectively, with
lay the same before the several Legislatures, i
lency do also forward a like copy to each of out
preventatives in Cougress, instructing the forint
the latter to co.operatc in all national measures,
to thwart the object herein deprecated."
The above Report and Re4olations -were rev
table. It was understo.6d that when they were
stitute would be offered for them.

THE CREEK INDIAN'

The .111!ledge:ilk Recorder of the 7th instant I.
lowing communication from the Governor of Georgia,

I communicate for the further information of I
letters this moment received from our frontiers
urgency of interposing a sutricient ,force for the
inhabitants.
