COMBINATION LAWS.

Mr. HUME presented a petition from certain artisans and
mechanics of Dudley, praying for the repeal of the Combination
Laws. They also prayed for leave to emigrate, and said that their
condition in this country was notch worse than it had been SOllle
time, owing principally to the effect and operation of those laws.
The right which these laws gave masters to consult together, and
adix their wages, was what constitute d their chief ground of com-
plaint. He presented similar petitions from certain journeymen
boot and, shoe milkers in Aberdeen; from certain artisans and
me:daisies of King's Lynn, Norfolk ; from Bury, in Lancashire;
and also one from Westminster, signed by between two or three
thousand artisans.—keferred to the Committee of Artisans.

Mr. hINDSA V presented • petition from Perth, praying for the
inspection of linen yarn.
Mr. MA BE L Y thought there was something more in the object
of this petition than was stated in the prayer of it. That object was
the continuance of a cacimission appointed for the encouragement
of trade in Scotland. The commission appeared to him to be
hob, and he hoped that the Chancellor of the Exchequer would direct 1
is attention to the correction of it. Although the salaries of per-
sons in this commission were not regularly brought up in the ac-
counts of the House, yet they were paid out of the gross amount of
Use saystme. Besides, they had between 40 and 50,0001. in their hands,
and it was now time that an account of that sum should be rendered
by them.
SLAVE TRADE PIRACY BILL.

Mr. NNINti begged to call the attention Oft); House to the
Wave Trade Piracy Bi which was amongst the dropped manse
yesterday. As the success of this measure would, in a great de.
gram, depend upon the despatch with which it was to be carried hrto
saecution, be could not postpone it beyond to-morrow evening.
when he would move the third reading of it.

..isrU reeding to ._
SOUTH AMERICA.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH wished to avail himself of the present
opportunity to offer a few words to the House relative toe motion of
which be had previously given notice. In doing so he would con-
Ora, hiniself (011117 t statement. Since the tinie at which he first
gave notice of a motion with respect to South America, two Minis-
guts of the Crown, in another place, had suede what he (Sir J. Mack.:
smash) undemood to amount to a most explicit declaration, that in
the event of the departure of an armament from the Spaniel porta,
during the occupation of Spain by the French army, this country
would not regard such an armament necessarily at a Spanish three.
Thisdetlaration had made a strong impression on his mind, and
tied in a great measure supplied what he intended to effect by his
motion, and explained what was before ambiguous. It gave rea-
son to expect some immediate and practical measure towards the
recognition of South America, and under such circumstances he
teat It would be unwise to persevere in a motion which might lead
the people of Europe and the people of America to think, that the
intentions of his Majesty's Government were mistrusted in this
uountry. lie was also in no small degree induced not to press this
motion, from a fact that he had heard on Friday last, namely,
that a great power of the Continent had declared its determination
pot to become a party to any European Congress on the subject of
South America. As to any ambiguous expressions on this subject
whiih the Ministers of France might put into the Speech of the
sing of that country, he did not attach much faith cc importance;
and though they were explicit, yet would he be mistrustful of them,
when he recollected how widely at variance hail been their prates-
lions with their conduct in 1812 and 11123. Under these circum-
stances, which had all arisen since he first gave notice of this mo-
tion, he would now withdraw it. He might reserve it, he was
aware, for another night, but be thought the more fair and manly
warmer would be altogether to withdraw it. At the same time he
reserve to himself the right of again bringing it forward,
should a change of measures, front those he expected would be'
adoptitd,rende: it necessary. Government should meanwhile feel,
that they were answerable for every moment of delay by which they
aznecessarily postponed the recognition of the independence of
South America.
, Mr, CANNING replied, that his lion. and Learned Friend was
et liberty to withdraw or to renew it as he might think proper. lie
cm ..Canning) would nut be led, by any irregular inducement that
mk;ht be thrown out, te enter upon the discussion of this question,
although there might Ira found sonic ground fur discussion in the
absehations that had been just offered to the House. lie would
altogether abstain from remark at present. In regular debate upon
tins,subject, his sentiments had been expressed ; hr them would he
'be *plod but any consauction of them by his Hon. and Learned
Alden he was not now disposed either to affirm or deny. (Hear.)
LINEN N 'l'l ES.

• Mr HUME reminded the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that, In
grailsewilitiie:hnlatedUl.. z die linen
ewlanan htungte:,,
aanpd witheitarahaeseat telt
sesekse the shipping interest, which had been affected by that
'Sty' CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that the
relief' then promised was under the consideration of Ooranment,
and ttrey were most anxious to afford it.
W. Bettina'. Mr. Htlbra, and Mr. C. GRANT offered a few
welds on the proiity of relief to the slipping interest, in co
t,
of the Bill of last year.
Alderrnan HEYOATL presented a petition from the licensed
iictuipers and innkeepers of Sudbury, against the Exciee licence
dudes.
Sr.BCTTERWORTH presented a petition front Hammer-
dnfth against slavery. -
