
Illesolstiosa,, was afteetrarda moved and carried ; to be pre-
sented by the Martmtwalisefford sad Lord Viteonst Anse.,
The meetisg was composed &hugest reclusively of respecta-
ble huesebtailere ; sad the COINIMOS j•hes at Ibe elsoi were,
w No Passers f TAM se peon"—" No 'Presliem"—w
lagrekers• Clever"—" N. sursorp Logstiells," ice.
• Sr S. Wrottesiey sad lbelyesbe, live,. were cheered by
eke bmase of flos people, die Meeks; the Public Other ;
sod arested with aselseealient• throttle' the streets, ou tbeie

.

. .14414 T 414.91- .h-airr.
144
Mem Ibs 1116ippiel ihrsewr]
Ae very readily giro hosorthin to the followiag extract of a
letter from a Preach Gentleman to his friend in this
tonstry, which bu tors to us front a respectable quarter
in ibis torn. It heeds out • very disheartening prospect
Indeed to theft-hada of Africa, provided our own Govern-
ment sod um other gem( Powers of Europe, who stand
pledged to render the abolition of the Slave Trade
eireedisal, shall pot intepor Op* gootleAces with France
in f f that oppressed-Cullman. We sioeorely
Dupe they spay be indiviskg 144 PR
Extract of • Niter to • PARtittlean in this country
from hi. friend m Fromm dotted Rourdeanx, the
loth Dumattoer, 1840 •
" Sinai I last wrote so you, the information
which bat raxclud tag aitt the auhiect of the Slave
Trade continua, to be extremely discouraging. By
a letter from theHatattash, I learn that ibis trade
is carried on as actively as ever. sod of late I ton

truly mortified to find, chiefly under the flag
.of. Femme, that being, it rros, the only flag
_which can now protect this infamous traffic from
4-4ritieh seizure. The difficulties in the way of the
abolition of this trade have always been very for-
midable, even with you, but with us they are
'greatly increased; I fear, by our not being able to
'reckon on the sincere and active co-operation of all
the members of our Government. Indeed some well-
informed people of this place scruple not to assert,
that Use Minister of the Marine himself, M. Por-

tal. still has considerable property engaged in the
old commercial hawse which himself formerly
conducted in this city, and which his nephew con-
tinues to conduct under the firm of Portal and Co.
house which, from Us colonial connexions, must
be closely linked with the Slave Trade, if it dues
not partake directly of its gains. Here also they
speak, without reserve, of the particular interest
which two persons. filling very high offices in the
department of dm Marine and Colonies, have, in

obstructing the ezectttiot► of our laws for abolish-
ing the Slave Trade: their blames are M. Mauduit
and-M. Foreatie►. If all this be true, and it is
very confidently asserted, it will at once ezplam why
the wishes any countrymen in general, as well as
of most of the present Ministers, on this point,
should leave been eluded. I hive you to judge how
painful it must be to me to give you this informa-
tion. I wish I as. any thing in the state of our po-
litical Weirs which afforded a better prospect for the
fuuue; but circumstances lead me to fear that the

warmest partisans of the Slave Trade are about to
come into power. Our last elections hove greatly
increased the 'lumber of Ultra Royalist Deputies.
They have already had meetings at Paris, at the
Lowe alone of their chiefs, the Count de Veuhlonc,
who we. Minister or thi Interior in 1815; and it is
calculated that their party will include no less than
990 Deputies. With such an array, they flatter
themselves that they shall be ebk to force the Mi-
enters to act agreeably to their views and princi-
ples. This M. de Vaublanc, one of the old colonists,
and the Count de Bruges, aide-de-comp of Mon-
sienr, are stated to me to be the two most ac-
tive partisaus of slavery slid the Slave Trade ; cad
as they possess great influence among the Ultras, it is
much to he feared that they will successfully oppose
any repressive measures which the friends of huma-
nity and our Liberals might wi.li to adopt, whose
efforts will probably prove fruitkin, if the Ultras
should either become the Ministers themselves, or
should even be the influential allies of the present
Ministess."

IL E BRITISH PRESS.

- • LON DON.
TUESDAY. JiroaaT 2, 1821.

,klllovskoseb 'Aids we gave yesterday of the
oc c ettre9PA jflita shotioffished the last year, we con-
fined °AMNON 10 it review of the domestic circuit).
moons of this empire, but there were events in
other parts of Europe which will fix the attention
of the historian, the statesman, and the philosopher,
throughout ail ages, with a sentiment of deep and
solemn interest. There is no subject of contempla-
tion more calculated to " dilate the strong concep.
lions" of the human mind, to enlarge the priuciple
of active benevolence, by exciting feelings of re-
spect and admiration for large masses of our ape-
ter, then that which is presented by tie sight of
people long oppressed by slavery asserting at
length their native rights, and by one mighty exer-
tion flinging off the prejudices end the uppressiuns
u many years " like dew-drops front the lion's
inane." The last year saw three nations, in rapid
succession said by similar means, rising like one
mall to resume their rank and station in the scale
of existence. Spain led the march in this glorious
achievement, and so readily was her example fol-
lowed, lust by Portugal and then by Naples, that
to the mind of suspicious tyranny their ready con-
carmine suggested the idea of some arrangement

1 _ .

previously concerted between the principal actors
in each of the three centuries. But who that
can appresisate the entimusialta which the pro-
mise of liberty inspires, or can estimate the
force with which • generous sympathy in Savour
of the claims of patriotism can operate tapes
the mina of a sensitive nation, will look • fur
any other motive to the conduct of Portugal and
Naples respectively, than the exhilarating influence
91 the exam* set by Spain, and the surprising
success which crowned the enterprise of her gallant
people. en Spain the revolution is happily. com-
plete, in Portugal au equal success may be cons-
dently anticipated ; but Naples is less fortunate in
being less powerful than Spain, and less secure iu
her geographical position than Portugal. But
.what intorrupts the progress of the national pod
in Naples, or the fulfilment of the happy destiny
to which the virtue of her people scented resolved
to lead their country ? What prevents the esta-
blittlnuant of the institutions which are to guarantee
the security of itidividuals, and the general tran-
quillity of the State? Not the unwillingness of
She Monarch to concur in the wishes of his subjects;
not the hostility of a standing army exercising their

collective strength to gratify the caprices of a
despot ; hot the opposition of any considerable por-
tion of the people displeased at the projects of " as
active minority ;" not the vices of the people, the
thirst of dominion, or the restless energy of in-
dividual ambition. Naples has evinced no desire
to disturb the governments of other countries, aud•
in the instances of refusing to interfere in the af-
fairs of Brueveuto and l'onte Corvo, when the
inhabitants of each place petitioned to be em-
braced within the system of her Constitution as
they were geogmplittailly included within the ex-
tent of her territories, Naples has evinced a
striking and novel proof of the ►trict delicacy
with, which she was disposed to respect the
rights of foreign Stotts. No imputation of
criminality could therefore be urged against
the Neapolitan Government or people ; yet the
wishes of the nation have been counteracted, the
independence and dignity of her King have been
outraged, the sense of security has been destroyed,
the stability of her institutions has been suspended,
and her progress in the march of political science
and the advancement of social happiness has been
wantonly interrupted by the rude interference of
foreign States. Europe saw with astonishment an
immense army collected, for the entire.* purpose of
punishing an independent King and people for hav-
ing presumed to wake such changes in their internal
mode of administering ther own domestic concerns
as to them seemed proper, and is at this instant out-
raged by witnessing a college of assembled Despots
and their Ministers insult a Sovereign Prince,
'Oldie age tad sorrows demanded their pity, by
requiring him, at u rigorous season of the year, to
leave his own kingdom, encounter the dangers and
inconveniences of a voyage by sea in the depth of
winter, to appear before them and answer for his
own and his people's coudoct. These ire events
which, while in their collective state they shed a
glorious light over the records of the last year,
will, in some of their iniuuter details. excite feel-
ings of a less gratifying nature. The people of
three notions have established the principle, that
governinews are but emanations of the general
will, to be exercised in trust for the public into.
rests; while on the other hand this maxim is
sought to be counteracted by some of the most
powerful Sovereigns of the ',nth, who have con-
spired against the liberty of sminkirid, and hays
formed a scheme of monarchical government, to
which they propose to harmonize the respective sys-
tems of every lesser State, and control by the ap-
plication of their own arbitrary rule the wants and
wishes of every people.

The Meeting of the West Riding of Yorkshire.
held at Northallerton, for an Address to the KING.
praying that her MAJESTY lee restored to her rights.
and for the d smimal of Ministers, was attended with
sonic curious circumstances. Mr. I.II.ANSUARD,
one of the Justices, had called a meeting on that
day for the purpose of passing some Resolutions in
favour of Ministers, under the name of a Loyal
Address. Mr. Wvvtut., one of the Representatives
of York, having drawn the ettention of the public
to this aUewpt, Mr. I.4•lssmiau abandoned lus
plan, and gave notice that the meeting would not
be held. A most respectable body of the gentry
of the Riding, however, insisted that the notice
could nut he withdrawn. The meeting was accord?
ingly held on the day appointed, when the tables
were coinpletely turned against Mr. IlLansitaio,
and instead of an Address in favour of Ministers,
an Address was carried unanimously fur their die.
missal. The meeting was numerously attended by
gelitimen of the first rack mat respectability, in-
cluding Messrs. Wevit.t.,•CuaLosma, WHARTON,
I)UNDAS, RAVISOKN, and CROMPTON, all Members
of Pailmitent. Mr. It. W. C. Micelle was in the
Chair, Lind the Address wit. moved by Mr. CIIA-
LONER. An Mares, to the QUEEN, cougratu-
biting her on the doer sif the Rill of Pains
and Primitive, aneris Petition to the house of
Cu iiiiii one, proyiiig its influence to obtain the
restoration of her MaiElTY'a name to the -Li-
turgy—the settlement of a provision suitable to
her rank and station—an immediate inquiry into
the conduct of the Ministers of the Crown, awl
into the origin of the appointment of the Milan

•
&MN
-

.AIL-
