STATE

l'his Day was putaiNhad, iot
.4t.) I Witte i the. Second

_Edotson

CAPTAIN PERCIVAII;; ACCOUNT of the
ISLAND of CEYLON.
•.• Reidiles very considerable Additions in the Body of the
Wo•lc, a copious lisslex' and an Appeiatix containing'sonie
Particular. of the Candian Was, wilt be fu in this Edition.
It is if., further enibelieih,d by lizaiitifol Views of the Ele•
lihant Hunting, near !Altura ; the Cilinnlllol. 131ttleill. it .3r
Culumbo ; the Fort of Satacolo, and surrounding Country ;
and other Plates.

N. B. A feW Copies are printed on Royal Paper, with P-nof
itoprerilons of the Plates, price 21. 124. Gd.
Loodon Printed fin C. and R. Baldwin, New Bridgeonteet.
Of whom may be had, by the ti:e• Aaiun, in 4t., IV board.;
An ICCOUNT of the CAPE or GOOD HOPE; containing
an tliwntical View of Its original r...ttlement by the Mitch, ill
CtOure by the Britt,h in 17eb, oid the dill'; rent Policy et.r.tiol
ihrrc by the Dutch and Britiaii Governments. Aj.o a Sketch
of it+ 4engraphy, Productions, the Ma•liv,rs and -Curtains of
the inhalmaitth, &c. etc. With a 11111 W of the Political and
Advantage• which niight be &Vitt I front its p
,eon by Groat

Ij -RF.F.S's
On the Ist,e( Irving • cy V4i Ira
rut V (P,rt IX. will
at )
THE NEW CYCI
SAL
formal alas a more Pole!
Dictionare of hf.. Charnl
A rtlele, of that Work, w
toeother with the new Sut
Hlct,,rv; :dapteil to
S.•.ettce.

Br ARRAITA.
EJitoe of the last Edition of
the knict.tiice of mint
Illustrated with new Plater,
the Work by sane of tbe me'
Printei f Longman,
rnw ; an 4 the prineilotftnok

9.. SCVeil Parts of th. 4
the w1.,-h Inva ~',l
the Propriiino, may he all
recommend the U,,,1 rtaki.
render it wor,hy of their Put,
1. The Plata of thi. W 4,4
upon
of a Dictinhartr aunt that
the Advantages of each.
Science are givin under
INvss,•ns which Call be ntore."taihasetoedy explained is se.
parate than iu t',e incle 44 Tome*, ate laiesdeeed
miler their retn"ct,...'rernis. This it ind,,rl th^ only proper
Plan of a Dicuettarr intended for Ile:pole,' whnr 10&,,,,,gri0m
it required, which is expected to 1,, hoopd under its most ready
and familiar Teren in the Aiphairet.

Y. The &Liar is of acknOwledg. el Learning and In Innis,
and of miqueetinnable Experience in this Depart .•.1.1. of late-
rary labour; the greater part et his life h ',nog hero esta•
played in editing and iurpru.ing the last I.:ninon of Mr.
Chsenheres Dictionary, and an cullectin: Mattria's for the pre-
sent Week. •
3. Among the Gentlemen, who hay. ei•geged hi corit-..aute
their Assistance to this Work, are many of
notice, as will appear Gera the following Li* t I •
J. Abernethy, Esq. F.R.S.; plc. Armor Arikie ; C. R. Ai-
kin, Esq.; Mr. F. Alight; R. bland, M.D. AS S. ; C Bur.
'ley, Mus. D. FR. S.; William A.M ; _
Wmnyta.de ; Astley Cn.iper, Raq. Mr. Bracy Clark, FAL. S.
Veterinary Surgeon ; Mr. E. DOrIO•l11, F.L.S.t R. W. Dick-
son, M.D.; Humphrey Davy, V.sq ; M. bleary Via ; Jelin
Penman, Eq. R A.; Rev Mr. Hiiicks, of Cork ; Mr. p.
Kelly ; Wm Morgan, kaq. F.A.S. James Maeanney, E.q. ;
A. Maelllit D FRS Ed ; or.:- Na, ler, Ism, 4F 14,
York Herald; Mr. Musbett, Calder 1:,,•t Works : Mr. truer
Nicholson ; John Opis, Esq. R.A. ; Richard Amnon, M.D.
F.S.A. ; Mr. W. Syrians.; Rev. Win. Tooke, F.i1.8 ;
Sharers Tanwr, F.S 4.; Mr. Chaf.e. 'Caviar, laciciy
Arts; Mr. J. Thomson.; and the Rev. W. *rood, I, L S
and the List is continualiy augmenting, no opportun4 h S.
neglectml to engage the come.rition of any Gentlemart,
services can he of real unity
4. The Work is handsomely printed by Andrew Straiten,
F,q. Printer to llis Majertr, upon a 6:1.• plow Wovea Paper.
'The EntA:tshnt mts arc of a reny superior Description,
and will tone, when enniiileted, an incom:nrably more e.e-
gent and correct Set (..1 scientific and other Plates than his
ever been produced. The .cielitivie <uhimts are ertgr ived by
Mr. Lowry, whew accurate Knowledge and improved Me.
th,el of Execution, in tali.; branch or art, bare not beta
equalled: The Subjects of Natural Histeri. lc are alsietiv en-
graved by Mr. Milton, with corresponding Taste and Seaway.
6. The Drawings are &tweet wholly new ; Una.* sly
elated are from Deying,' 1n M -4rs Fla% man, linw int,
Duppa, Stabbe, Lowry, Echaard,, ltanaun, Sueserby, Snort,
Mushett, E. Atkin, P. Nichol-m/1, Done!, N Ayler
kiAtcroan, Ste.

•
7. The Mal•, will be &KAU- the Sae equally Risen in anvil.
lar Pithhentotet, and Erse drawn anal A:nitrated nutlet tis Duze-
bon ni Mr. Annwtmith.
S. A Parts or llalf Volume. prim ISt etch. hat hitherto,
bewn publ•:hed once ta about F•mr Mnnthr ; in conse-
quence nt some 4rranieusensi lately adren.tl, the Public may
tr:rit rsnh.d-r ce rely upon a inore frequent Pub ...Anton
0. A kw t.:4pies Cr,, pr.otcCl off on Kmal Pap-. crab Proof
:Aniaresnous of the Rat., pr Cc 11. 16e each Pa t

P9111191‘.
1. • Wilk -7
"..-..."
f7' te• • • .
.. .
~ • ' tw .., 1 y •
\ '.
• - ...4,..1 • C.,/
•,,,,.. • ,
. .
~43.0
• .
S. :.7.. LFE i*J.1..,.•
•
• l
• .
. . ,
(P.RICE SIXPENCIL.
~. .
=re- - --d-lele-i—.... --
Thiellety was pub:kb/A. neatly ;limed in Demi), 18ino. price
Is 6J. bound,
I. ' A N ENGLISH SPELLING-BOOK, with •
1% READING LESSONS adapted to the Caracitiell
k ,
of CHILDREN : in Three Pads mkt:fated to advance the
Learners by natural and easy Gradations; and to teach (litho.
guppy and Proniinciation together.
By LINDLEY MURRAY,
Author of if Eng: isli Grammar adapted to the different Classes
of Learners."
9 Also, price Gd. covered with Marble raper, mvitßAn . I
FIRST ROOK FOR CHILDREN.
Printed for Longman, hunt, Rees, and Once, Ma, Mi Pd.
woodier row ; Ddrioli and Harvey, No. OS, Graces:emir-
street, Loudon ; Wilain and Spence, York; anti C.oftetvole a id
Co. Filinborgli. ar
" An English Speiring-Book, front the kitten of the • F.
.:,
IA Grammar,' %rill, undeubsed.y, excite ovididerablit Ai. a.,4-
tam from those oho have been in the habit of rake( the latt.s t
and we doubt not, that, in process of time, the Spelio.g lerolt
will nave as many admirers, as the Grammar has alis'..ry ob-
tained. We are glad to see that Mr. Mortar haihrers Linens!
in the right dive:nab of the syllable, We kir apethlig ; and ewe •
h.! has sea followed theganmple Matteis, try isitnetheistainse -
kina 7a ..1` irreteeant matter." -
imperial Review, October, 1804.
" We hive before had ascension to commend the useful la-
boors of Mr. Nlorray a and this little stork (th. S eliiiig•
book:, is an adlitton,,,to them, whirls, foci. ito Case, twat.
neds, and reCisiiiii, will peuvs greatly serviceable. to this tender
age fur wt. it!' it is de agned."
Monthly I.lirror, (Molter, 18(4.
~ Mr, Mortay's soceentul exertions &Ai the serviee is, yi..u!h
have been so nit.:ll twiore us, with applau-e, that we thialc
it sufficient, on the present occ anion, to announee '7.. above
publication ; anal to add, that it will imt, to airy mantio,
derma front the well-earned flynt.itiOon of tLt: aotlior, in this
department of literature."
ii. European Maginnie, No. ember, 1804.
I
With the great merit of Mr. Lindley Min, an, in prove!. r
ins assistance for the instruCtion of youth, the pnblte are wilt
arlitaintod. He has now descended to the very ekone t• of ' '
instruaion, and with the ante skill and jolgnicot whoa'. he
has displayed in his other attempts. Me mcr.rainmd to the i
public this most inyortant little volume, as the nill: wi,rlc ' I ,
with which we are acquainted, in the English Lai, ;cage, for
teachng children to read, written by a phitnersiAter and a .lign
of tasty." Literary Journal, Nlov•mbei, 1904.
" Mr. Murray's elementary works have the ree• merit of ' t
combining well-threfted efforts to train the intuit mini to
virtue, with the best means of imparting hastens...ion to it. In
the Spelling-boo': before its, this id piiil.igitiarli the clue, a.,1 '
. we can, therefore safely tee:int
:aend it ai the best work am' t t
kind which hat lately &len und-r our iittpciion."
, • Anti-Jacobin, December, 1804.
" We An net always think it necessary to employ mu time
in ex-anteing htefary produeiern of aa very humble& Waded
Spelling books. The name of Lindley Morney„-Iwpwriewri
whom we have mare than once had occasion to corsner. .
rested our attention. We filed his present publteatlon
into three parts. in the latter class are amend nodal *ker. net enininonly formd in quell ii•••rlts; for iiisunce, leading
Lcssons iii italic, Old Elagneh, and MAnuocript Letter; is-
planation,' of the sounds of the letter., dimingwishing the
look and short sounds of the vowels, and the anomalous
. •
sounds of all ; and, finally, rules fear spelling; very (Nearly said
disrmaly expres.eal." Knish Criti"., thr. 404.
N. 1.1. IN the abet s Beeksetkr, may be had an the other
Works el Mr tHereav . „.
DR REES% Ml.* CVeLt)rk:Lia"., • -
On the Ist aif nbewigtver4tdre pebrtaß'vl, price 15s. in tevirJs,
' Put VW. (Part IX. will be iiii•iiliiiicil in about two Months
aft si) of
THE NEW CYCLOPET)IA ; or, UNIVER-
SAL DIC fIoNARY of ARTS mut SCIENCES;
formed upon a more enlarged Plan of Arrangement thew Ave
Dictionary of M.. Chambers; comprehending the var;ouis
Articles of that Work, with AdhiF4o2l6 and leopeoetwiettis; ....
together with-the new Subjects of Bingrapky,f4Siography, met ..,
History; and :dapted to the present state .d Literature awl i
S,,eirce. - • II7 ARRAITAM REES, D D. P.R S
Editor of the lam Edition of Mr. Chambers'. Therrenary, klt..h
the Assi,taiico of eminent professiasial Gentlemen. ?
?nonrated with new Plates, inch:dine Male, engraved for
liar Work by some of the most distinguished Anew.
Printed fir Longman. flora, See., :rml Orme, Pateroostnr-
row ; and the peineipalltook.ellers of Landon.
•• • Seven Parts of this magnificent Wasik being now before '
the Paiblie, which have iiiitsi,,ed a very e.t.eilaiv'e circiPairp, ' •
the Proprieten may be allowed to nate the Pretensions shift
recommend the Utodnalcine to the Notice of the Public, anal
render it worthy of their Patronage. •
1. The PLiai of thi. Work is imendorl at art Improvement
upon similar Puldirinons, being a Medium between the Han
of a Dictionarr and that of Treatiate, and conim..ihending
the Advantages of edit. 'no, Hitory end Outlines sf each
Science are givin under its appropriate 'rah.; and its %aglow 11,
Devisieres which can be niorefeathfactordy expliiihyd in is.
pars!, article:, than in time Lid, rif• 'Frannie, are introdneed
ender their resnecti,e 'terms. This is and ~.r1 th.• milk, prowl
Plan of a Dictionary intendal for Reborn.," whoa Information

~~

'hi. bar ia lasibllaheil„ A. bonne!,
HE MARINI:. JOURNALt or, Naval Repo-
',tory, for 1110 M : cran'taillung APy four donhle
ruled e* 6ce. Paper, for Aecomile, Atemorindur&i,• &e. fir
every lag in the Year. A culn•Artre Lire of the Nave, mei
Ship in Ins East totapa..,'. Service, firth the Name+ of
th,ir Olken. Alin a great 17.irtv of ether useful Information.
IP.Oetthort. by W. Heather, at the Navega.ion Warehouse,
N 6. Val, Leadenhall-street.

Pelt THE 'US! OF SCfIOOL.S.
this Flay is published, price Ida. plain, or Ids. coloured, in
bn rd 4
GEOdIiAPIIICAt PaNCIPLES. To which
in now a/dol. an EXPI. %SA l.)lkY KEY,
by J 0115: !.I'r %INN. Geographer.
TheSe(nd Edition
This .ark consist,: of Maps on the one Side, wall a Sketch
opposed to *aches (he other; and it an Improvement of the
Method, which has bean autzewfully used in sumsl Schools.
has been already adopted in some el the first Seminaries in
the Kingdom, and received the decided A•mrohariun of Men
Of the wiwitint Eminence, as not only snmilying the meet solid
Means of instruction, but also the greateat tactility in Convey-
ing it.
Ili will be found particularly useful to Parra% as it requires
nu more. pains or attention than is no. ..misery in hearinyg a iellooll
,t.llll way
Sold by Law, Ave Maria lane ; Nlark. and Parry,
'l,••a4mhm sires' VeMl-0 and flood, P.itiltry ; Sonser,
linad-orei t ; and Smith, Corm, of Stiney.it,ert, in the
Strand ; and may he the li•rokseller ut general.
N I k few remaining Copies of the Fir-t Edition, at a
lower Price.

THE BR trrisu PR

LONDON,
FRIDAY. JANUARY

The Stock Exchange vas thrown into a ferttwnt
yesterday about two o'clock, by the announcement
t•t the arrival of another Messenger with dispatch.,

fiom France. Speculation upon tlle former arrival
had nreviously inclined strongly in favour of peace,

an, this second arrival continued it. The funds
immettiaiely began to feel its influence. The 3 per

Cent. Consols, which opened at 53:, rose to 59, and
closed at 601, being a rise upon ilia day of above
per cent. The Consols for tie opening left oft
at 621. We were perfoetly tot tort in stating, that
several bargains were tl,,ne m Omnium on Wednes-
day, at twelve. Yesterday, we understand, seve-
ral were done at th- close of ti: riarket, so hir,h
14 dnabt now remains, but, that the
clis,- itches, brought by these Messengers, are of a

vier& tendency, and contain a profession on
the past of the French Government of a de-
sire for peace. As see have more than once
observed, it was a pl Imitate speculation t.n I»itsurne
that Sonar •R vs. having attained the summit of
his ambition, would seek to consolidate his power
by peace. But, we understand. Government hat
some farther reason to expel a proposal to that
died, and, therefore, the arrival of the two
Messengers has been naturally considered as the
accomplishment of that •apeftation. There are
other circumstances which give strength and con-
sistency to this conclusion. Had the business re-
lated to the exchange of prisoners, the management
would not have been undertaken by the Secretary
of State for Foreign Affairs, from whose office
these Messengers have been sent; and, which is still
stronger, we are assured that the pilled relative to
the exchange of prisoners has been settled long
since by the respedive departments to which the
arrangement of a business of that description
properly belongs. A Cabinet Council was held
yesterday upon the new dispatches, at the office
of Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. At the
same time that every private intelligence which
we have received, coincides with the public feeling,
in giving a pacific interpretation to the French dis-
patches, it appears a most extraordinary case that a
proposition for peace should be opened in a way so
unworthy of the magnitude of the objed and the
dignity of the parties. The particular circum-
stances of the second arrival we have not yet learned;
but we understand the French Sub-Lieutenant, who
brought the first dispatches, travelled from Paris, at
the rate of between nine and ten miles an hour.
He took a boat immediately on his arrival at
Boulogne, notwithstanding the lateness of the
hour, and proceeded to part of our squadron
I7ing off that place, and got under the hawser
of the naler about f e o'clock, midnight, where he
told his story, was received on board, and carried to
the Utrecht, in the Downs, where he remained yester-
day. Without, therefore, attempting to give the pub-
lic mind a contrary diredion film that which it has
already taken, we maintain, that the notorious in-
sincerity, and extravagant ambition of the Govern-
ment of France, ought greatly to reduce the value
and effect of any proposition for that purpose from
France, supposing such to have been actually
received. We arc now upon the eve of a new Parlia-
mentary campaign,when the public mind is prepared
for a war with Spain, as well as France; a war nr
subsidies for Portugal ; a secret expedition upon a
large scale, and other °hies% of great expence
when Ilia Martsev's Speech to his Parliament has
been considered and digested, and the whole plan
and business of the nation, for the ensuing Session,
perhaps settled and arranged. lf, then, Monsieur
TA ta.tva ,no can derange all this system, by
sending a French Midshipman in an open boat
to the Ticker, is it net a great point gained,

::

cartictlatsly when it is cenildered, that he pa-'
ralyses the vigour of tie nation by a shew of
peace, and gives strength to thc 'opposition in Par-
liament, anti the discontented but of tionrs ? More-
over, we cannot forget thit Monsieur Tattair-
tt is the same Minh:tit who carried on the alpha-
betical intrigue of X. Y. Z. to swindle the Ame-
ricans out of a sum of money. Is it certain, then,
that he may not be playing the tame game with the
Eoglish funds? 7,Ve do not say it is certain, nor
even very probable I but, it is possible ; and, in
dealing with such enemies as Boa Al* MITE; and TaL-
txv Alto; we cannot aft with too much caution.
After the experience which the world his had, for
twelve scars past, of the revolutionary goirernntent
of France, we are jasufied in saying, that due cau-
tion and circtimspeition, with regard to any other
power in Europe, would be rashness and impru-
dence with respea to BoN AAAA rt.

Yesterday, the Purser of the Primers. Mary, Capt.
GRILv r, arrived at the India-linuse, with dispatches
from the Bengal Government, having lek his ship
off Dover, the preceding evening.

The Princess Mill sailed from ltengal, on the
sth July, in company with the Northampton, Cap-
tain RoaEllT B %akin; Malin; IM,Captain Ket.ro ;
Bengal Anna, and Marie, country-ship, Captain
GRESNWAY.

l'he Northampton separated from the fleet on the
13th ittly, and bad not arrived at St. Helena, when
the princess Mary left the Island.
The Princess Mars and Maria arrived at St. Hele-
na, the 18th °Sober, and sailed from thence on the
Sth November, leaving there the Company's ships
rssex, Captain Bostssin ; Elphisestone, Captain
( AlO ; and .Ivn, Captain Roster Pettis, from
Bombay. These ships sailed from Bombay the 10th
of August. and arrived at St. Helena the 4th
vetnber, and were expeEted to leave the Island for
England, shortly after the Princess Mary and Maria.
• 1 'he Mane separated from the Priseenss Mary on
the 13th November.

The EmpArgna, Capt. GI tst on, and Mope, country
ship, bound to Europe. were left in Bengal.
The David Scoff, Capt. CH•III.E3 Jones, arrived '
at Bombay in July, and was to proceed to Madras
for the purpose of receiving the cargo intended for
the Sw Edward lloghos, the latter ship being obliged
to come to Bombay to repair.
The Sir Elwood Huber arrived at Bombay early
in August, and was in dock when the Beet left that
settlement on the 10th of August.
No acco•.rnts have been received by this convey-
ance, respelling the Prince of ;Vales, Capt. Parc t.
The Woodhod, Capt. MARTIN, from China, and
Flush Tozbe, Capt. 1' AI AX, from Bengal, were
at Prince of Wales's Island when the fleet sailed
from Bengal. No accounts had been received of
them at St. Helena.

The Island was very healthy, and well supplied
with every kind of Europe and Asiatic provisions
necessary for its consumption.
Captain JOHN TURNER, of His bisiasey's 10th
Regiment, and M. DE I. .s CROIX, a Trench prison-
er of war, are passengers on board the —Princess
Mary, from Bengal.
The following is a correa list of the passengers
by the Erret, from Bombay :

Richard Church, Esq. of tho ResulNay Civil Service, and 14.1,1 y,
Miss Mina Church, Alexander Gray, Esq. Mrs. A. Cherry.
and two Song, Col. W. Rules, Major George Kanx died on his
passage the I Ith Sept. 1&.14, Commodore R-md, Captains
Campbell and Bond, I.ieutenants John Breach, Stukoe, Darke,
and J. T. Porter, Mears. K. C. Jones, G. F. Jones, John
Boles, Robert Pouget, and O. F. Drury.-.-11'stress:i Stratton,
Amelia Gillie, Lucretia Crawford, and Sister..—Misses Mary
Gull.e Ellen 8: ql.

The following Invalids from His l'slaitsry's
Navy M India are also passengers in the Eircr,

viz. ---

Lieutenant.; Hodge and Wane, Capt. Claperton, of the
Marines, Mr. kir7don, Surgeon. Mr. Jo.eph Hitt, M•il
shipman. John Jenkins, Carpe .ter ; Daniel Burr,4l, ditto ;
Thomas Felton, ditto ; Eduard Carter, Boat.wain ; Jonathan
Geudantb, Gunner, and 67 Seamen.

A letter from General Tatman, dated Gibraltar,
Nov. 26, says, " 1)r. Bottom, Deputy-laspeiFtor
of Hospitals, Dr. 14.1.Lowes, Physician to the
Forces, and three Hospital Mates, were landed
here from His Majesty's ship Lively on the 23ii
instant.

a It affords me considerable gratification to add,
that the •iolence of the fever continues to abate ;
our loss since the IGth being as follows:

"On the I7th, 5 ; 18th, 3 ; 19th, 0 ; 20th, ;
21st, 4; 22d, 2; 23d, 2; 24th, 1 ; 25th, 6.
Total 25. And the number of fever case. in the
Hospital this day only 96."
Another letter, dated the 6th ult. from the same
Officer, states, " that the number of fever cases in
the hospital was reduced to five or sir, and that the
disorder was considered as completely subdued."

A Jamaica Mail arrived yesterday, with intelli-
gence from that Island, up to the 18th of Novem-
ber. The public papers contain no liess> of much

importance. The 1-touse of Assembly met a few
days previous to that period, and the greatest cor-
diality subsisted between that body ai.d the Go-
vernor, although it is imagined that the supplies
will not be *'ranted to the 11111 extent demanded.—
[he private letters, of which we have received seve-
ral, ate more interesting. A letter of the I 7th
states, that trade Was very brisk, and that the ap-
prehension of hostilities with Spain, hiving, in
some degree, sidssided, the trade with that coun-
try had resumed all its for Mer aftivity since July
last. Another letter, from a geatleman of great
resPeßability, dated Spanish Town, 12th of No-
vember, states, that the fever had been very malik-
nant at that place; hundreds had died of it, but all
was quiet in the interior, and the island was ad-
mirably protitled in its comnserce without, by Com-
modore Duckwoarn, The same letter contains
several particulars rispening St. Domingo. It says,
DESSA TAN ES is little better than a baboon. At a
late conference, held by him and several of his
officers upon a sub Jed of impoitance; their attention
appeared to be entirely occupied with the ticking of
their watches, which they were pulling out every mi-
nute, and putting to their ears, laughing and trilling
like children." The Blacks were scattered and di-
vided, and had noorganised force assembled in arms.
The unfortunate white females, who escaped so many
massacres, appear to have been reserved for a st Ste
of slavery worse than death, being subjelled to the
brutal passions of the blacks, and the most menial
and laborious drudgery, even to the drag of
the cannon to the deport in the mountains. 'I he
French force at the towa of St. Domingo was re-
duced to 600 men, but they were well supplied with
provisions from America.

We have received Now York Papers to the 9th
of December. They contain little news of any in.
terest, and none of importance. The attention of
the Congress is occupied with the impeachment of
Judge CH ASU, whose trial is not expeßed to be over
until the end of March. A copy of the act of im•
peachment is given in the next page. di:Home Be-
lli/PARTE was on the 7th at Dumfries, within thirty
miles of New York, after having made an unsuc-
cessful attempt to return with In, to France.

Yes' 'Ay, the Russi AN and SWEDISH AMBASSA-
DORS • ~!.saded business at Lord HARROW cv's Of-
fice, from one till three o'clock.
LAters from our squadron off Ferrol, dated the
Ist instant, have been received. By them it appears,
that, on the Si st ult. all communication with the
shore was stopped ; and, on the same day, Admiral
COCHRANZ sent a Bag of truce into Corunna, which
returned in the evening. On the following day,
the Admiral ordered signals to be hoisted for the
detention of all Spanish ships.
Dispatches have been received at the Admiralty
from Sir T. DUCKWORTH, announcing the capture
of several French privateers that had annoyed our
trade in the West-ladies. . _

The Prince's Charlotte frigate, with her convoy,
from Cm k; arid the Penguin brig of war, with her
convoy from Portsmouth, are arrived at Jamaica.
The Handy (a cartel), from Jamaica, for Boor-
deans, is lost near the Havannah.
The Mercator, HUTCH' ?note, from Limerick for
London, was abandoned at sea by the crew, on the
Clst ult. _ .

-...--
The Polyp/Irma, one of the ships belonging to
Sir J. °Roes squadron, arrived on Tuesday at Spit-
head, having captured a number of Spanish ships,
one of which, the Gedtvvila frigate, of 36 guns, is
supposed to be the richest ship that has yet been de-
tained. She parted from this prize, in a severe gale
of sand, in about thirteen degrees of West longi-
tude, and has not seen her since. No fears, howe-
ver, are entertained fur her safety.

It may not be uninteresting to the public, to
know by what means the Prince of Wales's Island
came into the possession of the East India Compa-
ny. The late Captain LICHT formed an alliance
with a daughter of the King of Q11.13E/A—this
Island was given to him as her portion. After
some time, the King of QUEDD A conceived the
growing importance of this Island, with the trade,
worth contention. He, therefore, made hostile de-

monstrations, which Captain LIGIIT most ably di-
verted, by pecuniary arrangement, which secured
it to the Company. We have now, the more effec-
tually to establish our security, obtained a cession of
a part of the opposite coast.
A Letter from Barbadoes, dated Nov. 16, says,
" It is with great satisfaction that I inform you
of the capture of the B,piaparte privateer, which .has
done sa muck mischiiif to our trade in the ‘Veza
Indies for a considerable time past. You may re-
coiled, that in my last I gave you a circumstantial
account of a severe engagement which had taken
place near Barbadoes, between this privateer and
the ('.rot, Peneler, and Thetis merchantmen , and in
which the privateer was so ill-treated, that she la,y
like a log in the water. Information of her situa-
tion being given at Barbaduts by the merchantmen,
a stout privateer was sent in quest of her, which.
however, had not the good fortune to fall in with
her. In thecourse of a day ur two afterwards the
Cyan, sloop of war met with her in a very shattered
condition, as she was making the best of her way to
Guadaloupe to refit, and without difficulty made a
prize of her, and carried her into Antigua, on the
I Ith of November."

A wager of 5001. WAS made on Wednesday even.
ing in a private party, between a wine-merchant, of
the greatesteminence, inthe Strand, and a Spanish
metchaut, iii Finsbury-square, that Peace will take
place between this errantry and Spain, in eighteen
months, f.vam Ore 9th day of January, iir,r. ; the
Spani -I accepted the wager, and insured it at
Lloyd', the lalluwir.g morning at twenty per cent.
by which be secures the certainty of receiving 4001.

; •-•

• -'1

noscril.

TO TIIE EDITOR.
Sin- I trust you will be happy in doing justice
to the Father of the rasing Ro.riar (.....horn rumour,
with her thousand tonguee, bas been invidiously ca.
lurnniating), by stating to the public, that M.
BEI r a has executed a deed of MIA in favour of
his son, whet eby be has assigned over to T„o,„,„
.usi.tft PAR KKR and Pails FA El.. Esqrs. the sum of
2:18 IL 17s. tid. for his sule use—tieing the earnings
of his Provincial Dramatic Tour ovi,. I have seen
the deed, which bears date the !,,.`n th ult. and beg
leave, t' rough the rif'dium of your tespetable Pa.
per, to contradiet the. invidious reports o t " Mr.
ntTTY.9 having gaMbled away his propene."
Your's most tespeafully,
113 s Southßtnivton•st. J. Hig.sETT,
LOll4l/11 ....Lill. 10, 1844. 114...eu in, Hit tui,iglum
It will doubtless afford infinite satislaLtion to 6,,
friends and admirers of this interesting you:h to b-
informed that he is getting better very tast.
