CONFERENCE WITH THE LORDS.

A message was brought up from the House of Lords, requesting
a conference in the Painted Chamber relative to the resolutions
passed by the House concerning slavery. The following Members
were then added to the Committee which was formed to manage the
former conference with their Lordships : Mr. Huskisson. Sir John
Newport Sir Henry Parnell, Sir Thomas Wilson. Mr. Spring
Rice. Mr. Groulburn and Mr. Home Drummond. The Commit-
tee then proceeded to tSe House of lords. After a few minutes
absence they returned and announced their Lordships' concurrence
with the resolutions.
LAW OF MERCHANT AND FACTOR.

3fr. HITSKISSON, on moving to bring in " a Bill to apply the
law of Merchant and Factor to any goods on which the Bank of
England may have advanced money," said that when the Chancellor
of the Ertchequer had consented that the Bank of England might
advance money on good., there was an immovion on the pan of
the Bank, that the Law of Illerchant and Factor would be applied
to those transactions, and on that presumption no doubt had made
lima° advances; those goods should be considered as pledged to the
Bank, which should be vested with some protecting power. There
could be nothing hurtful in such a course, nor was it without a
precedent. In the year 1811, when advances were made on Esche-
quer bills., goods were also taken then as a security, and at that
period there was a provision similar to that now proposed, that 'itch
goods as the Bank had advanced money upon should be considered
pledged to that establishmen►, and that it should have a lien on

those goods in preference to any one else. He thought the pa.
priety and justice of suet, an arrangement so clear, that it was
g'arcely necessary for tem to enter IMO any lengthened orpiment'
to prier what was-In itself clear and evident. He belrevest that the
advance of motley which had beer. pmjeetettsis a remedy for the
distress which prevailed„md whielt had been already partial!. carried
into effect, would produce the most salutary ar4 heneAciai resuhe.
On Friday an arrangement had been made with Glasgow. on Water-
day with Birmingham, end afterwards, he bettered, with isextrin
The House. •he felt sure. would adopt the
_best means to afford
every requisite facility. He had seen the deputations from Man.
cheater and Masan. The gentlemen who consposed those tteon.
tenors Were senaiDle of the advantage of those advances, and tlze
impression which their observations had made 'loon hint were bigh-
ly act:Arable to done gentlemen. Ne men CP-ild be more perfectly
awkre of the condition of the country. nor more intaioll9 to afford
rebel to the workmen. He really believed that good effeesa mold
follow the niesatires which had beendalopted, and this Me distress
whisk had been spread an widely treitld.he decreased. He 'homed
the Bank &hook! he satisfied. Some conference:4ml tette,' ease
1 relative to thosearrirs, but be was not acquainted with the partite-
' late. Re believed the assistance which was now &finded would
produce good land prevent Maness; it Mould Wall the means of
paying the weakmen., Rho, without such assistance, ik,ust hare been
unpaid err diacharited althgethEr.
Alr. ROMATaiON thought Alt the law shookl be made gene-
tttl, nett (pi tve understood) might be extended to Scotland with the
best effect,
Mt. JOL4XSMITH said that he would rot say any 'ling relit-
tivele the prtaidpleer the Bill. In Scotland they did net wish any
„Smote. lie thought that the tea of iterchsnt end factpr should
sakeltnniedtple opeintitillie itadttletinfried ritTIAVW So fair Ilettera..
reigners. Ha was of opinion that the altetation ought to have taken
place IllnrktE
Ht. SAKING Hid that he should only address a few word,
Bthe !Masa. Monett no reason, in the first ins.anre, why the
ill shoutifitet tripe effect instanter; he coed not imagine why the
Jaw of -Ertglaad,.. In this particular. should net- be est:imitated to 'that ill every other civilized country. The operation of the Jew
would be invite greater power over property. Why should there be
* difference in the law relating to advance on merchandise and ors
.Exchequer bills He thought the law ought to be altered I built had
been already so !mg in operation, that it was thOught neeessarylo
•offerd foreigners time to become acquainted with. itroperstiOn • and
with that view that it should be deterred to October, There Could.
be no object, in his dpinion, in leaving theta* us it ncersteod•
personal security was flacon:tittered sufhcieatt. The lion. Menthes;
for Oratnpound thought that the Jae should be made gineral ; what-
ever might be hill opinion on that point, lie could not sp-
ortive of leaving it TO Its natural operation, and would prefer
that to any alteration in the principle. Before he sat down he was
anxious to state that his opinion eitincidediMA that of the Right
Hon.:he President of .he Board ofTrede, that the advances mode by
the Bank would produce great good.
Mr. BERNAI. thought they were enemaching on what ought
to be held sacred ; he entirely disapproved of the measure; he
could net, however, discover where the measure had originated;
whether it had been suggested by the Bank or originated with the
.I.tovernment.

Mr. HUSKISSON said that he would give the Honourable
Aleintier such information on the subject as he could ; be
believed that the treasure originated with the head of the
4:bet:mitten:. The l)irectors of the Bank acted as trustees
tfor the proprietors ; he thought that they should be put In
the same situation as the Commissioners of Exchequer BIN).
The meartirres adopted had been most efficacious; they had gtwen
relief, net to the peat speculators only, but to the master. manufht-
toren% He Muhl say they had proiuced the best reiielts ; and he
hailed with gladness the return of that confidence the absence tel
which had caused Su much lamentable Mistreat. He consered it
was not the least recommendation of this measure that the advances
were for Elites months only ; and he trusted that before the espbs-
lion of that period things would be permatiertry restored, and all
necessity, therefore, for any prolongation of the time would be °b-
elated.

111 r. P. GRENFELL expressed the gram satisfaction he felt at
the conduct of the Bank, which he thought deserving of the highest
praise. Tke House eitould know there t:id exist I orptonrs of re.
viral: and he trusted that they would goon it• ng till the coun-
try round itself restored to that mate of affluence which bad ben its
boast. He thought, in the event of the country beiqgityln itttolt‘d
in distress, that this mode of relief would be fothidAteprell.kble 1a
the other which had been proposed—namely
,the feint of *ehtquer
Mlle. •

J. ABERCRONLAY.—Murit as had bees eihrof the die-.
• tresses, he had not heard that the Customs were dienirrishell. The
object of his rising has to congratulate M Oaten on having reohttd
the desire there war to relieve people out of ilmpublic Mee.drlstehl
..eraotti laave4earthrtisk if-Mere hid beetiartNne icketiher
billr. Though he could net lay ne altogether like 4 dtittentioe'por-
sued by the Bank, he cook' not withhold from Millstone the Intim
he conceived due to them for having resisted dpri&iddee, before ad-
verted to. Ittinititers had been urged to Ibis Maatur both in the
House and out of dem; and if. they hold not eteddeed the tottent
they had at least diverted it.

Mr. SM ITH made a new observations, hat we were unable to
hear th m.

stir H. PARNELL thought an Msecurate view had teen ;lien
of the issue'of Exchequer bills in 1793. fx was laid illithett
distress was a consequence of that lune- ' Nuevo all he had been
able to collect from his reading the hint's', of that period, ha
thought a little examination would show that the distress begat
before the issue. Taking all the circumstances Into tlffssittettion,
he thought his Majesty's Ministers were justified in refusing at
this occasion an issue of Exchequer bills.
Mr. BARING could not help cons/thing that there hid hens a
great waste of espital in consequence of floyermnent not Bribing
interfered earlier. If whet has balm new done hod bees erected
but a week sooner, many families who were Wunsch* over the
wrecks of their fortunes might hate continued in a hate of *Sir-
' fort and afFluer.ce. It had been said the issue of Exchequer b9is
would have formed a vicious precedent ; but he thought there could
not be a precedent more vicious than the one which hid its
origin in the line of conduct Minister, had thought it proper to
pursue.
Leate was then given to bring in a Bill to apply the law of
merchant and factor to any pods on which the Bank of Enabled
may have advanced money.
MIS-LELLANEOUS ESTIMATES.
The !louse then resolved itself into asComtniftes of Supply, and
Mr..IIEItRIES moved a vote.of 300.00131. to his Majesty on
laccount of civil contingencies.—Agroed to; and the report ordered
to be brought up to-morrow.
MARINE MUTINY BILL.
-- •

The House then resumed, and the Muine Mutiny Bill was
read a wood time, and ordered to be committed on Friday next.

SCOTCH CUIIRENCY.
Mr. W. SMITH presented a petition from the inhabitants of
Wiek, a tea.port of Caithness, Scotland, praying that there nine
ba no alteration in the Scotch currency, on the ground that the
petitioners would be unable to carry on their trade as Sishermea
without the circulating medium of one and two pound notes.—
Ordered to be laid on the table.

BANK OF ENGLAND.
On the motion of Mr. BERRIES. a Bill to facilitate ad-
Tame of money by the Bank of England was read a first time, and
ordered to be r.-ad a second time to-morrow.

The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and the
House adjourned at half-past six o'clock.

MINURJD}

On Mr. Bubhouse's Mutton for a liaductlou of 10,000 Men in the ♦rmy
Estimate.

Althorp, Viscount Ellice, Edward Knight, Robert Roberts, A. W.
Bernal, Ralph Evans, W. Lamb, Hon. O. Bickford, W.
Blake, Sir P Graham, RD fl. Lawley, F. Tomes, John
Colborne, N. R. Guise, Sir W. Monck, T. B. Webbe, Edw.
Corbett, Penton Heron, tilr Hold. Ord, W. Wilson, SW Robt.
Davies, R. H. Howard, H. Nyasa, W.S. Wood, Alderman
Denison, W. J. Howywood, W. P.Pal C. Wyrill, N.
Dickinson, Wm. Ingleby, Sir W. Robinson,, Sir G. Wharton, John
Duncannon, I.ls. Kemp, Thomas
Tazitas--Robhouso, J. C. and Johnston, Colonel.
