r

RTUGAL HOTEL AND FOREIGN WINE
ROOMS, Fleet-street, opposite Bouverie.street.
he Proprietor presents his grateful acknowledgments to the
g°
Public for the distinguished patronsg.- with which the above New
Establishment has been honoured, and he respectfully assures those
Gentlemen who have not yet visited them attractive Rooms, that
although nothing will be omitted by the Conductor that can mint,.
ter to their gratification, the charges will be on a scale of extreme
moderation.
The WINES are of the choicest vintages, and will be supplied
tuber in the bottle or from the wood, full wine measure ; and
Champagne, Claret, and the various French Wines, may be ob.
rained In pint bottles.
In the CIGAR ROOM will be dispensed Wines, Liqueurs,
Mocha Collie, and Sanger's; the latter, which is the favourite be-
verage of the East and West Indies, is recommended ea peculiarly
grateful with the Havannah Cigar.
The LUNCHEON, DINNER, and SUPPER ROOM, will
be amply supplied with Sandwiches, Cold Meats, Shell Fish, and
every diversity of appropriate Provisions ; also Fruit, Jellies, Soda
Water, Ire. are.
The Inmates of the HOTEL DEPARTMENT may be assured
ofteeming on excellent beds, and especial attention will be di.
reeved to the combination of respectability, economy, and for the
supply of every comfort.
The Proprietor begs alto to apprise the Public, that Foreign
Wailes of every description, whether in bottle or in wood, will be
scot from their Cellars, at low charges (for cash), to any address
he may be favoured with. He wishes to add also, that he has
some very choice White Port, per bottle Da. lid. ; per Pint, Ils.
and some good ordinary Claret at M. per bottle, and 2a. lid. Pet
pint. •

TIISH reepectfully reminds the public that NEXT
13 TUESDAY, Six Twenty Thousands, with all the other
Capitols nod Prins, exceeding a Quarter of a Million, in Sterling
141410". BIM be decided ; and, by Act of Parliament, there can be
as men Lengths after the present Drawings.
The success which has attended Bish's Offices since their first
establishment is well known; but in the last nine months it has
been eminently conspicuous—the following Capital Prizes baying
in that short period been all shared and

~wiv BY DISH.

2,478 3 Prises of £30,000
15.756
3,613 )
9.776/ 2 Prises of £21,000

6.4991.
7.04
1:4301 4 Prins of £20,000, dm &t. &c.
15,566
Tickets and Shares for the above Scheme are Selling at Dish's
4 Aces, 4, Gornhill. and 8, Charing-cross, London.
Every Number will be a nee, and every Ticket decided NEXT
TUESDAY, 18th instant.
___

J. SCHWEPPE AND CO.
19, 111•110AllIT-ITIZIT, CATZIDIIIII.II4VAIIE,
LONDON. -
THE ORIGINAL MANUFACTURERS of SODA,
&RATED MAGNESIA ROCHELLE, and the follow.
ing ARTIFICIAL MINERAL; WATERS.
ACIDULOUS SODA WATER, single, double, and treble.
Ditto, ROCHELLE WATER.
/ERATED MAGNESIA WATER.
ARTIFICIAL
SELTZER WATER,
)(1; PYRMONT WATER,
SPA WATER, SF:I DLITZ WATER.
CHELTENHAM, HARR( ATE, and BRISTOL HOT.
WELLS WATERS, fresh from the Spring.
The above Wows nuy be relied upon es genuine, and are pre-
pared both in Obis and Sone Bottles, and a liberal allowance is
wade for empty Bottles when returned.
N. B.—J. S. and Co. also Manufacture the above Waters at
Bristol and Derby, and they are sold by their Agents in all the
principal towns of England.

relating
Tartars. By Mary Heldman- In one volume /Ivo. illustrated
with plates. Price les. 61. in boards.
" This volume bears every where the stamp of good sense, obser-
vation and truth."—Quarterly Review.
FFROUSON'S LLCTURES on EXPERIMENTAL PHI-
LOSOPHY, MECHANICS and ASTRONOMY a New and
Improved Edition, complete in one volume tiro. with copious Notes,
adapting the work to the present state of Science, by C. F. Parting.
ton, of the London Institution., Author of an " Historical and De.
scriptive Account of the Steam Engine." Illustrated with Plates
and numerous Cuts, and accompanied with a Memoir and Portrait
of the Author. Price Ins. 6d. in boards.
In this Edition, the diagrams are placed throughout the Work
in their proper places. in connexion with the letter-press description.
FERGUSON'S INTRODUCTION to ELECTRICITY ;
new and improved Edition ; with copitras Notes and Supplement,
illustrative of the present state of Voltaic Electricity and Electro.
Magnetirm. By C. F. Partingum. In uvo. uniform with the
above.

A 4 REATISE on FAMILY WINE-BIAKING, regulated
foe eacellent wines from the various fruits of this country, in vela-
don to strength, brilliancy, health, and economy ; explanatory of
the whole process, and every other requisite guide after the wine is
made, and in the cellar. Composed from practical knowledge, and
written expressly-and exclusively for domestic use. To which is
subjoined, the description of part of a recent British vintage; with
' experimental Lecture. By P. P. Cornell, Esq., F.H.S., Honorary
Member of the Caledonian Society. Price 7s. io boards.
" The 'Feat merit of this treatise is its simplicity and perspi-
cuity. ; plain directions are given for the making sixty different sorts
of wine."—New Monthly Mag.
A PRACTICA I. TREATISE on BREWING, and the
Mode of using the Thermometer and Saccharometer rendered easy
to every Capacity; the whole forming a complete Guide in brew.
in g London Porter, Brown Stout, and every other description of
Ale and Beer. To which are added, general instructions for mak-
ing Malt, Tables of the Excise Duties, &c. By Alexander Mor-
rice, Common Brewer. Sixth Edition ; with the Laws relating to
Brewers and Alaltsters, by John Williams, Esq. Price 13e. in
boards.
THE THEORY and PRACTICE of GAUGING, fully
il-
lmirated by numerous rules and Examples, and rendered partite.
larly effective by anextensive detail of the Legislative Regulations,
and the official Directions of the Boards of Custom and Excise ;
with a Treatise on Calk Gauging. as now practised in the Port of
London. Originally written by Peter Jonas, late Supervisor of
Excise; a new Edition, very considerably improved, and brought
down to the present Practice. By William Tate. In one vol. tiro.
price 12s. in boards.
The LA W ofA UCT lONS ; or the Auctioneer's Practical Guide.
To which is added, a comprehensive Summary of the Laws of
Distress with an Appendix of Precedents, and a copious Index.
By T. Williams, Esq. Third Edition. price 68.6 d. in boards.
TM PAINTER and VARNISHER'S GUIDE ; OT, a
Treatise on the Art of making and apping Varnishes; on the
different kinds of Painting ; and on the Method of preparing Ca-
lcium. With new Observations and Experiments on Copal, and on
various Processes used in the Arta, &c. &r. By P. F. Tingey,
Profasor of Chemistry, Geneva. Second Edition. Prim I2s. to
boards.
TILE DISTILLER'S GUIDE; comprehending the whole
Art of Distillation and Rectification in all its various brandies ;
also Genuine Receipts fur making Rum. Brandy, Hollands, Gin,
sad all sorts of Compounds, Cordials, and Spiritous Waters: like-
wise showing the best Method of Distilling simple Waters Rom
Flowers, Fruits, Spica, and Aromatic Plants, &e. &e. By Pkter
Jonas, Author of " The Art of Gauging," and other Works.
Fourth Edition, preceded by an Historical View of all the recent
Discoveries and Improvements, and accompanied with a Olosilarr
of New Terms and Technical Phrases. Price 6s. in boards.
A TREATISE on the IMPROVED CULTURE of the
STRAWBERRY, RASPBERRY, GOOSEBERRY, and
CURRANT. In which are pointed out the best Methods oliob-
I mining ample Crops of those Fruits. To which are przfixed,De •
scriptsons of the most esteemed Varieties. Illustrated by four co-
; loured plates, representing the choicest Specimens of the Fruit,
drawn in its natural silt. By Thorns' Haynes. In ffvo, pricellOs.
in boards.

VALUABLE FREEHOLD ESTATE,
Bishopsgatattrect; producing a Rental of 2501. per annum.
By Mr. MILLS,
On TUESDAY, Oct. 25, at 12. in bnts,
A Valuable and compact FREEHOLD ESTATE,
11 comprising Thirteen subatamial brick.boilt Dwelling.
houses, situate and being Nos. 1 to 5 inclusive in Half Moon.
street, and Nos. 2 to 9 inclusive in Farrar's.rents, Bishops.
gate-street, in the occupation of respectable old tenants, at rents
amounting to per annum 2451. but capable of considerable increase.
The whole forming a most excellent opportunity for investment of
capital.
The respective premises may be •iewed by permission of the
tenants, of whom particulars may be had ; also at the Matt; and
at Mr. Mills's °flees, I, Chapel-place, Poultry.

GENTEEL COTTAGE RESIDENCE, ST. JOHN.
STREET-ROAD,
Producing an improved Rent of 321.85. per Annum.
By Mr. MILLS,
At the Mart, on TUESDAY, the 28th instant, at 12,
THE LEASE, for about Eighty-seven Years, at a
Ground-rent, of a genteel detached substantial brick-built
RESIDENCE, erected in the Cottage style, distinguished as Ar-
lington-Cottage, pleasantly situate in Arlington-place, St. John-
street-road. The premises contain three nest chambers dining
and breakfast rooms, kitchen, eellaring, and back garden, and
large front garden enclosed with handsome iron folding-gates ;
in the occupation of and on agreement for lease 10 Mr. Meek, a
moat respectable tenant, at x6l. per annum, held on lease for 87
years, at a ground-rent.

The premises may be viewed by permission of the tenants, o
whom perticulars may be bad; and of Mr. Mills, Chapel.plate
Poultry.

lagiiimacy or
Open tulles 4dice often decided .. Important
points to the manifest contempt of reason and justice, and to the
positive Wavy of my glee and civil authority. Let history be ap-
pealed to, sad ye shall see slarcimak Emperors compromising the
tranquillity of their staass,. hp 4111111111 W into disputes about the di-
vinity of the word, the peat** -el tha Holy Spirit from the
Father meths Sea, the healkillthoegek sad ether similar points,
Mundell/ atealludag the delimit** ealkheta, sod allowing
the Tech..- thole gelpolile iodising's to advatimemillppaW to
the gams el Caestiettimple. tit afhet heed. we may behold
the bishop med/rhea throwing away their pagenal stilk Mad veldt
it all the Miesbiess el the gospel in OMNI es gesegi'dist *Mad and
to shod the Weed oldies* Timm JeseadjlriM ascots to eau, YM net
essidasse.—Mmsw d.d time toalawinor, not to Iferoe-
ea the, wars vesalled to pare tease
weer— dirt were le TM haeavibe;bat whom pen*
"they bad se *heeler la leeerey. Tbb erhimmiketi, houlathesseda
thiese taigla have *a *gifted, .speedes
left*aims the most media and
2=t the of cations, sad. Omdming the eha.
of m pewee,' hit 'walk Wile aid *aced, king.
dome aeL7p
The accounts of Poke Gregory VII, the conduct of
• lensesat I and Boniface VIII. (to omit others) show in the
most decisive manner that the ecclesiastical authority bes MM.
irithout injury, transgressed its prescribed limits. Bdiel
the dishonour of religion, and the slavery of melons, have
always been the consequences of this anti.evangelical principle,
aod the baleful fruits of its poisonous root. Happily, the morn.
lag of light and knowledge which followed the dims( night of the
'lath. 14th, and 15th centuries, enlightened nations on their true
rights, and taught them to reduce within its natural limits the
respect due to sacerdotal authority. Governments gradually de-
sisted from agitating questions foreign to their functions, and began
on the other hand to protect themselves from the consequences of
bulls and excommunications. The heads of the church, on their"
side, hive been receding gradually from their pretensions over civil
affairs, so that in the last three cepturies the successors of St. Peter
could scarcely be called a shadow of the Popes In the middle age.
Thus was peace established between the priesthood and seculars
power; civil government appeared with an energy and authority
corresponding to the sovereignty and independence of nations ; and
ecclesiastical power attained that degree of respect and veneration
which it might justly claim during-the pontificate of the immortal
Ganganelli. This ornament of the dere followed the footsteps of
the Apostles, and of the Divine founder of Christianity, full of
meekness, modetation, and condescension, was able, by a conduct'
worthy the successor of St. Peter, to unite in his person the respect
and veneration due to the Catholic Church ; while many of his
predecessors who had abandoned this course, involved the nation in
blood, and threw dishonour on religion, and gave occasion to
schisms and heresies.
The governments of the nations, and especially of those nations
which hate the happiness to profess the Roman Catholic religion,
are strictly bound to support their liberty and independence, both
because all duties acquire a new degree of force by their union
with religious principles, and because the support of civil &litho.
city coutnbutes powerfully to maintain purity of religion and
manners. It is a proposition of eteinil truth, which Leo. XII.
feels in his encyclic, that the religion and morality of nations lose
much by anarchy -and confusion. Their Governments. entirely
occupied about their political existence, are under the necessity of
neglecting everything else, and licentiousness makes frightful pro-
gress under the protection of misrule. And who can doubt that
such a deplorable state of thing* is often brought about by the it.
teat which civil authority receives from ecclesiastical pretension?
If our people were less docile and enlightened, the encyclie of
his Holiness would have caused evils"Whei not only would have
shaken the basis of Civil authority but the pillars of the sanctuary.
But, happily. the intellectual improventent which is the character
of our age, has learned to keep every thing in its proper place, and
'conciliated the interests of the church with' those of the state,
n such a way that the most perfect harmony reigns between them.
Inhabitants of the State—Your Congress has done nothing else
but place before you a slight sketch of the doctrine of your Saviour,
respecting the independence of nations, and the fatal results which
spring from the breach of his commandments.
It has the strongest motives to excite activity in the authorities,
both civil and ecclesiastical, and to demand the most prompt co-

Viana•
tt.
to Teigoenouth, , - .uss of bulwarks, atancheons,
Off Dover—The Stranger, Ridge, from AI inunichi ; repotts
haring, on the 27th ult., lo lat. 48. 10. long. 33., passed a Wig
water-logged, having black mast tread', foremast and tiowspr:c
painted lead colour, with a billet bead.
Arrived off Totem., the Hector, —, from Demerara.
Arrived at Cork, the Ocean, Seam, from Honduras.
In the Him, the Margaret, Smith, from Honduras.
VESSELS SPOKEN WITH.—The William Oillivray, from Lon.:
den to New York, 17th ult. ; Lord Welliogton, from Newry to
Plc= ; and on the 28th saw a bark standing to the Eastward,.
supposed to be a picket ; had -a Sag at her niizen-peak of three
lilue,"wkite; atdmd.; by the Hero, Deanhseu, strived in
ift.eilt Ter. The Cadmus, from New York to Havre, 29th ult. ;
Providence, of Teignmouth, 4th last., all well I:by tbe St. Mary,
arrived off Dover. •

lITDROPHOBIA.—The following, it is said, is a simple'
and efficacious remedy for the bite of a mad dog. cat, &c :
The wound must be instantly washed with common salt
and water: take inwardly a 'table-spoon full of salt in a
glass of water, and apply a poultice of wet salt to tha
wound: make a fresh application of the same every twat
hours, three or four times.
Saturday a countryman and his wife, and a man who
intended to purchase her, arrived in Canterbury market to
effect the desired object, and accordingly the 'female was
led to the market, with a halter round her waist, for cam,
petition. A Magistrate, who had heard of the Intention.
frustrated the attempt, by causing her husband to be taken
into custody and committed- to gaol. •
GAI.I AT LIVERPOOL.—On Friday morning, soon after
nine o'clock, we experienced a sudden gale from the north-
west, which continued with great violence about half an
hour. During the night there had been a' heavy fall of
rain, but as the early part of the morning was calm, and.
the wind south-east, a number of sail-boats were occupied.
in attending vessels in the river going to sea when the storm.
came on: four of the boats, we reg.-et to state, were upset,
and five persons belonging to them perished. One*of the
boats belonging to Mr. Daney, with four men, thtd4 of
whom were lost, the other was washed on shore in a most
exhausted state, but through the humane attentions of.
Mrs. Bootle, of Mockbeggar Hall, to which be bed been
onveyed, he fortunately recovered. In Oldlield's 'boa t
wo men were drowned, Okifield and the other man hang
at the time on board the vessel, alongside of which the
boat was lying at the time. The crews of the other two
boats were happily saved : the men belonging to Storer's
by ropes thrown to their assistance from the bleating-light,
by which they were enabled to reach that place in safety,
and the crew of the other was picked up by a fishing boat.
A pleasure-boat, with a fishing-party of Id persons on
board, who had gone out about six o'clock, was driven oa
shore near Horlake, but the whole of them succeeded is
reaching the land, though not without being completely
drenched. The boat soon afterwards filled with water.
Several of the small craft in the river received damage in
the gale. The names of the men lest in Daney's boat are--
Thomas Day, who has left a. wife and one child; John
111'Guire, leaving a wife and one child; and w. Crowder,
a single man. The sufferers in Ohltreld's boat are---W
Copple and W. Lyon, both single men. None of the
bodies have yet been found. We understood it is inbaideti
to raise a subscription for the relief of the families of
Daney's men, and we shall gladly receive any donations
for that benevolent purpose.—Billnier's Liverpol 4d.
rertiter.

- ,
' • ' i. _
l'aq iiint •
• - • .....,••• -• . • •
) - -
• 1,,e-:',4,-X,,r..• t .
, 1*
. /' •••4"
c___.,c4i
‘7 _•
...*,.:•..t... 4'l ' •
7,71,t-
~...—.../ .
.i -..... 4. /4/ •
. 4 +
.44
i .it . .
_... ..,.... , .. ,
.. . •
.. It" ,1* u!P.le,ptta
• •
. , " 41 if!: •• .\ , 1 ,E
.1 ti ii: 1 ----*,,"
r-o.!tmkerti-imr1....7.---,-.---7----! - '"m.•ry ,in
_. .' • 4! i 11. lAM . Qiir '
.k_ .4._ • /* . 'AD -41111 .• • . - ,
.
.
Al. viti,v) Aes .. o,i ?Alt -.4 11 1 s . , , ,
~, k ) I, .
.------, -L. -..-, , -...--... / ' i
1 ....- , al •••..
---- " --.....
1 • • . • • / . .7 - .
s'..ise . • Ina F:til , . ~. ;e:f :
..-J ' ' .4 '
--- . . -
.. - - . . . a - ..- _ •
•'3O 'NI '.
No. 7, 1 -.... r
-La . . LONDON, THU 1 .DAY, OCTOBER.: 13, .15.
.. ._. ~.,..
. . . Price 7d, .. -
.
,i,,,..,........,'--4.........r.....)...-----
—•;01*--2.-- - * ---
'A •6 t .../ —llllllO
-
• !...7:. •'I ~- • . , . • • -
CONTEACT FOR OATS- THE NEXT of KIN (if any) of CRISTIAN OW- Mae BY AUCTION. 21i1 1 . PedP„AL INFLUfi NCR IN CMS NE ir operation a baikaisiiii. ai ' fibs trallirletig or AP
Coatiusmatat Dere'? mute. Temente Chalinline• 1. INSON, otherwise CHRISTIAN OWEN, late of the ' IPOR L.D. *ad the spwleet st ttsta
OCTOnail IL Iltai. M. S. Sir Edward Hamilton, deceased, by applying to Mn. Lind. LEASSDO . NET 1M PROVED RENT . _-.40,.._...._ ladd .I*-oosismaat '
QUCIi Perrru its ore desirous of Contracting with tie say.% Farmer-sUat, Shadwell, may bear of somethiag to their laii„ per annum. THE CONSTITUENT CONGRESS OF E STATE OF i:1"litli."111. eit-114 1019 allt lavallake laralasealatalirair . eV
a Agent for Cemmtesiniat Suit:Lies, to delver advantage. By TANLEV and SONS, . MEXICO TO ITS CONSTITS. Met halt milibet ary Nag to **from it, we 1414y/imoteet2ho
_ towatutiodia Oat end4tbsteadistise au& 763.8001b5. OF OATS AT T ORDNANCE DEPOT, IN VALUABLE BRICK EARTH, ISLINGTON. At the Mart, Ta. W, at 12,-unless pariortaly disposed - .
TOOLSY BERT. ON THE HIGH ROAD TO NEWINGTON AND Private Contract, Inhabitants of the State,-Por ilso seetthithitie yea Oingiated- dtrebed We= tit lf, etegiseu;', "F.
nisi reCtift particulars of the Centred et lideOlion. haunt*, SOUTHGATE. AN improved R of Oa-per annum, issuing out of, dreamt its voice to you se feel pen !maws= t w
now, of Teo and Four, and detiva theldere, Mad =TO be LET by AUCTION, by Ak. MILLS, at the sad secured by, mucieur Leasehold Premises en the south whblt can be pretested to sad flee. w 5M4441110 fit 001141thel. at
wader thataleoliibe
directed to the Agent for '
Auction Man on TUESDAY theft lost. at IS, in side of Camas-same, bad for an unexpired taro of fifty-four not doubt that the delete ed the nobthweilieble 2,...Pe1iti...,... it shah Ile lbel, if
IMF- aim
,l'e= Om
" Tender for Oats," on or=ratbeedWAG-Flidi ballatlim sine
- Lem, the BRICK EAillla a - ' ,r - lying in Yuri, at • low groolidaent, and let on lease to a responsible to Madge you by ermined hi mi, yoop• old itt- --- -- -*zoos& aim
will* received after Twelve &peek is that Day .ea Will anytidoese, re a .ha yes o e_!.. PabEtk• hell' 11:12S dtmlll44l7le. 411 441 the
Fields, containing
proposal be anal same asade me we ansexed to • panted pant. "mall' To a viewed. Primed particulars may be bed of Wtowaniey =hey maisurripScatio tithe
sgeassiefim.4tite oldie
*bsougzsof : ralnlZitedinverinibe
asktfraalmautrionswetumog airethe Wilfifinamfaiw
Nam
as
diests7
hitt
culm, sod the priers issued la meat et liash I vat ealan a let- on the ht-k tEda mg, ,eli '
,Abi and Sons, Patemoster.rew =and at the Mart.
ter be subjoined to siithectrairsti w tom mom=
Si known Is We 'or St.3ll,azats„
Poet, sad law to brect.sh.
at • leasedlito at ' 4211,4R0 IPALDOVENbB President.
with the }day
at,
in al. *BUZ .
CHELSEA. delis `Viii.diltueb ' banquiliity
Property. entpAie lin to and the /farm% Cana* •
• VAILt SOSTASAL, /lee. .
VALUABLE LEASEHOLD ESTATE. eight le , the menthes§ et thikoeme society.
the sum et in the wham he die due patching' of the alroltibollarated tag elpilli Cana TOPIIOI RELAZGO DE LA TORRE, Sea
Contrast. The round bee ban le web hid 1..= .... By WINSTANLEY and SONS, TY•Cangrass would injury :Ici,dzoitgerriosstifrs,
VOTICE is berft gime, that application la Inaludod her be Ma on sin a* pminiii* and At the Mart. TO-MORRQW, at 12, by order of the Fianna of and four advanced it fora a ..., torellie
.I.‘ to be nude to Preysmitat In the next aradajtimaelea. Mr delshairt of dagtq bit butt Waxen he Ae.l44.oo4Regete I Thom,. Tuna. Esq. demised, document of that kind Wort year te* •• . . rarrirlerGoL, Totenar Erritio.
wave to bribe in aMU uneasy lad meling a WNW CORN gaol, ; 'ad at Mr. Mills's Am, 1, THE LEASE (for nearly Fifty Years, at a around- *Si& Y4u W1:41%A the ilMetY nod whi& Ylor= _......,._
" the
iliVer rigillket. stsbilialillanbissisihroeged.r "cdin. ArrivedWkid-theWHl.bersitteteisileld,6l'WSAV"-Bfronsigh Water.
Ann Marta, Barr,:
EXCHANGE aMA • IMT. fie sbelloloof stare err. • _IL rent of Ten Ciabseisit of a very commodious RESIDENCE;
awionn, and in from New Orleons; ' {I . from Mensal !feriae
tide, et or neer 31ark-lafte, is the Pada. of Hart. T _ .
HE EAST INDIA TEA SALE for JUNE having situate in Church.street, elms, with fore-court gardens, stable, rel:teniulduedureelegli. ' trarriff.roria,
and ooseh-house. The am contains seven bet\ -rezone, racial' Rawl/ could the" UM"
sweet, and All Hallows Berkley, late City of which they saw theme** tail the • braking dither Fairclough, from Danmark; airmica, , hens Jonnica.
Dated this Ist day of October. 18165. just closed, WiIITH I DGE Ind CO.. 91, theamide, Lon- day nursery or school-roses. geed dining and drawing-rooms, osewseitin with the Rougg lee; or ihi:. of the Off, I ship, I briekeed I mow. Neale -1110 ors. Bell,
THOS. TILSON, ft, colawsamserans„ are now supplying the Public with TEAS exactly at the breakfast parlour, and gentlemen's dressing-room, various clams, . tri
of .
gues its courtierb.-.The' moderation . Prices, for-Ready Money. and requisite domestic aim; held for • term of nearly 60 years, in elf this Hall, and Co.'s.
philmophlc age have anamellied so that "'.'411-orpeedons The Rebecca, from libenes. sealed 24th August. On the 4th
COLOMBIAN ASSOCIATION for AGRICULTU- news.at a ground rent of 19 and let on lease to a respectable
RAL AND OTHER PURPOSES. Gore fkl. tess. 9d.
Wei gou. as, to h. id. Green tow of 'b. gnat esrdie, tenant. Maim",which characterised the agile se barbarism. Weser bum anototh October, In lat. 45, 116, fib in • with the bark William Hun's.
propoministely low. To be viewed with cards only. which, with printed mirtioulan. tttitieflgebwiterebh peecision ad Vs the limits bear.% he elidee of son, from blefenfoe test Se day., ineeriegged ; took. the
The Proprietors in this Association no Weft tired to take SLasie. lid. to dmand its Melia ant! Close of the Wm; is which crew, 16 in number, from her. and left her themes her ham ends.
Jammer Ceiba from la. M. rosy be had or Wiseman and Sons, Pat/most/rain. Paniculare
It is established. The eon rag power which basso to Govan. The 1 sodnuus, Woofenden, from Liverpool, has waived at St.
1 '
Notice, that the DEED OF SET )r - loar bolls
4s. Id. c heipe Dutch, lb. upwards.
Ned by the Dirty swum be signed by thoalso of Mears. Doman, Graves, Baxendale. and Tatham, Salta.
meta, used with care and circumspection, beetweethed those tomtit. John's,
Fa
Twenty.ans Darsellen dm this elf i lia RYA leitak."), " /".__•
.1. Illai Uranium. ' r.-LPICOI. Cot LIO, ground or whole, tors. King's Arms-yard, Cslananutreet ; and at the Mart.
21.
porno it will lie at . Itataketel
latil the expiration of al Shwa than me Prime Mixed Tea, 6e. Ed. LEASEHOLD COTTAGE RESIDENCE, without bringing scandal on religion and good morals.
Your Congress futures you, and you cannot.but recognise the Smmdfornrds.; A h Castle, Watson, from Leghorn-have waived a;
maiming unsigned for will, with the asseheent diareaus, be Ilaslititod. T. CLARK'S BRIXTON-HILL. that the religion which you profess. is nowise opposed 'to the
pawns residing at a dillotleg2/1146 1)1 11""" Agasse7 i LAST AND WEST INDIA WAREHOUSE, EXETER A Leasehold Estate in Grove-lane, Camberwell; and a Pisa of fact
the fate of which may be had at the Oilios se above. Hours for 'CHANGE, STRAND. Freehold BaUding.grouna, it Brighton. liberty and independence which you have adopted as the baste of SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Signature, Eleven to Four. THIS OUTFITTING WAREHOUSE forma a se- By WINSTANLEY and SONS, your government . that the ecclesiastical authority neither inter. _..........-
SWAIN, STEVENS,_MAPLES. PEARSE, & HUNT, At the Mart. TO.IUURROW, in Three Lots, by order of the '
feta nor can interfere, in that kind of affairs; and that the civil CUSTOM-HOUSE, OCT. 11.
Solicitors to the Association. R. cond division of Extter'Change, where may be seen a
large and well-manufactured Stock of fashionable Carnage, Cur- Executors of Mr. S. Hayward, d eceased, government is sufficiently authorised by justice and the laws to re- Seal Evrtnitscro I x Wee ns.-The Comet, Brown, from Que.
. •
6. Fredeficrs-Flan, Old Jewry, 27th Sept. 1826.L0t I.A Very cOMpact and neatly fitted-up COTTAGE ohm, an „emitted under pretest of „ligion,
press alithe excesses which endanger the public tranquillity, and bee; Wilhelniina Auguste, Neuman, from Stettin ; Sarah, Peter,
richt, Tandem, Phaeton, and Chaise Harness, with every descrip- from Adra Archibald, Sewell, from Antigua • Walworth Castle,
ROYAL SISTERS 111 IN ING ASSOCIATION. non of Military, Hunting, and Side Saddles, for Home Use, East RESIDENCE, plemantly situated at the summit Whoever hes read the Gospel with wanton will comprehend the Walker, from Hamburgb ; Thetis, Chrisp, from Lisbon ; Port.
awl Writ Indies, New South Wales, and the Spanish Slain. Camp therbs on the Croydon road, only about four miles from
Capital 40.0001. in 2,0(0 Shares of 261. each.spintwith which it is animated, and the plan which the holy and land, Snell, from New South Wales, Madras, and St. Helena;
Bedsteads, Camp Tables and Chairs, Cabin Wash-hand Stands, bridges, with good garden, chaise-house, and stable, held for
Deposit, 21. per Share.wipe Founder of Christianity proposed respecting civil govern- lima Packet, Pearson, from Bahia ; Prince Frederick, Atherden,
a term /thereof 19 years are unexpired, and early Poseession may meats, Jesus Christ assures us, in the man direct manner, that front Rotterdam ; Prince, hlarlor, from Ostend • Charles Wil.
Tills COMPANY is formed for the purpose of working FOUR Cabin lamps, Camel and Bullock Trucks, Canteens completely
of the most aaluablo TIN, COPPER, and LEAD MINES in fitted up, neat and elegant, at a' oderate price. Sea Cots, Bed. be bed' his kingdom is not of this world-that the mission which he re- liam, Trotter, from St. Petersburgh lndian Tr'ader, Johnston,
b Lot 2. A LEASEHOLD ESTATE. consisting of a brick- mired from his Heavenly Father was only to establish the em- from Quebec; Henry, Snell. from Malaga;
CORNWALL, seat of which are in fall activity. and, from the Stag, Writing Desks,Dressing Oases, de c. A large assortment of
early returns that will take plaee, the Directors feel confident in as. Cavalry and Infantry Swords, Epaulets, Sword Knots, Sallies, built Dwelling-house, situate No. 5, Queen't-row, Grove-lane, pine of holiness, and the doctrines of forth. He constantly re- Bog)e, fain Quebec ; and William,, Griffin, from Limerick.
miring the Subsaiberp a very handsome Dividend at the expiration Belts, and Pistols, St e. &c. Camberwell, in the occupation of Mr. James Smith. fused, though pressed by the Jews, to exercise any civil function ENTERED OUT Vriandschsp, Berries, for Am.
Catherine Green,
Alec, Lot 3. A PLOT of FREEHOLD GROUND, about such as that of deciding between brothers about a paternal inhe. sterdam ; Horful, Weitherstone, for Vera Cruz and Alvarado;
of Three Months. The Harness and Saddlery, together with the Sommer and Win-
A List of the Dilators will be shortly issued to the Public, and ter Horn Clothing, merit inspection, from their excellent quality, 100 feet by 15; bend Tax redeemed. Mince. Ile always abstained from meddling with governments, Speculation, ly, for Boulogne; Tiber, Rooms, for Bremen ;
. Lot. I may be viewed by ticket', and Lot 2by permission of the not anomie he would authorise their vexations and injustice, a. Idandovery, M•lver, for Jamaica i Earl Bathurst. Pound, for
in the mean time applications for Shares may be addressed to the first style of workmanahip, anti moderatnprice. The whole of the
Directors of the Royal Sisters Mining Association at Messrs. Sir Articles in this Establiihnient are warranted, and that excellent 'eeebn some unjust ammo of his conduct caluitinioualy pretend, hut be- Rotterdam ; John Shand, Rees, for Jamaica ; John and Henry,
tinted particulars may be the rown and Sceptre, cause his mission VMS simply limited to the establishment of the Broom, for St. Michael's and Terceira ; ,Magalen, name, for
tvnliain Kaye, Price, Marrvat, anti Coleman, binkers Maasiou Omit:of fifty years standing, is strictly adhered to, of asking but ..!
nriston-bill ; tha Goldat Lion, Camberwell Cat the place of sale ,
ilwasaatntet; or lasso. PrIA. Soltent. and Co- Truro. &rowan. one Ready Money Price, from which no discount or abatement will of Messrs. Vanden= sad Corayn, Solicitors, Bush lane, Cannon- church; which had nothing to do with themi and because that was Vera Cruz and Alvarado; St. Ann's Sughruc, for Jamaica; Cox.
ths only object of his cants and his labours. Finally, he was so haven, Windt, for Bamburgh ; Ana's,
Lovell, for Jamaica ;
be made under any circumstances.
of
DOTAL SISTERS MINING ASSOCIATION.- N.8.-To prevent mistakes, the Public will please to observe, street; and ' circumspect and delicate on this point, that he even refused to give Prince Coburg, Frith, for Tobago ; Jane, Elliott, for Waterford;
IL Appliostions for SHARES in this Company, will be received that the three principal entrances to this Outfitting Warehouse are - his opinion respecting the Roman dominion exercised over the and Catherine, Swan, for. Limerick. •
Sulu banking-houseof Marrs. Sirßaye, Price, arryat, sad Cole. in Exeter 'Change. A List of the East India Company and
FOUR ANNUITIES; AMOUNTING TOGETHER TO Jewish people, in spite of having been provoked to do so by the CLEARED OUTWARDS FINALLY AT GRAvestwD.-The
kl
than, until Five o'clock THIS DAY. Licensed Ships, and Morning Papers, are constantly kept. 1261. 131. 4d. Plfaisees, to whom, evading the question, he replied-" Give to Perfection, Nicholson, for Rio Janeiro ; Mary A no, Mosley, for
By order, C. RANSON, Secretary. -
BUTLER'S 9WININE LOZENGES, for relieving By WIELITANLEY and SONS. Omar the things that be Cesar's, sod to God those that be God's." Cape Hayden ; Perseverance, Graham, for Buenos Apes ; and
At the Mart, on PRIMP, the 28th inst. at 12, in Fotir Lots, A reply full of prudence and wisdom, admirable' in all respect.. Preston, Wallis, for Genoa' nd Leghorn.
-- ---si-
by direction of the Enamor of the late Mrs. Elisabeth Turtles, and which in a few words comprehends all the plan of the Gospel CLEARING OUT -Phylleres, Hill, junior; for
SEPTEMBER 28, 1825. Heartburn, Flatulence. Indloestioo,- Nausea, Loss of Apoe-
pIICENIX FIRE OFFICE, Lostriaatt-eraary AND the. liVaterbrash, &c., and (living Forte to the Stomach. ••deceased, respecting civil governments. The principles of doctrine and Oporto; Clyde, Mum), for Teneriffe and Calcutta; Tranby.
CHatt tiro-Close. Of all the recent discover es in Vegetable Chemistry, none, per- A N ANNUITY of sot., a ditto of 261. 13s. 4d., a conduct adopted by Jesus Christ to place civil governments Day, for Elsinore and St. Pttersburgh ; Neptunus, Caliente, toe
This Company have determined to make a Reduction of Pre. haps, has been received by the Faculty with more satisfaction than .Cl ditto of 401., s ditto of 301., all of them secured upon Free- apart from all ecclesiastical interference being so clear, solid, and Romak ; Battey and Sarah, Bloom Cur Ramburoh ; and William
mitten, under exceptions, in the Three Ordinary Classes of Josue, that produced by the French Chemists from Peruvian Park. hold and Leasehold &tato, in Drummond-crescent, at Upper luminous, what have such Governments to fear from authorities Wilberforce, ii hire, for St. Domingo.
ace, which will be charged as follows:-. The Sulphate of Quinine is found to possess all the tonic and Tooting. Streatham Common, and the Commercial-road. which not only have no power to intermeddle in suchaffairs, but CLEARED OuTwAaDs To IRELAND.-The Apollo, Mathews,'
let Class. 2d Class. 3d CLus• febrifuge properties of the Peruvian Bark, in a content-rued state, Printed particulars inay_be had of Messrs. Cousins and Hyde, even have no right to express an opinion, if they wish to follow for Cork.
li. M. 2s. 4d. 4s. 6d, deprived of the extractive and resinous matter. One grain contains Solicitors, No. 6, Great Winchester-street; at the Mart ; and of the example of their divine Master ? .---mew.-- -
Persons whose Insurances fall due at Michaelmas are requested all the essential properties of rather more than one drachm of the Winstanley and.Sorw, Paternoster-tow. Inhabitants of the State,-You see clearly that to profess the rs- FROM LLOYD'S LIST.
to take nolice, that printed receipts ere now ready at the Corn- • Bark in its natural state: it is thus evident that in debilitated - Ugion of your crucified Redeemer, you ate so far from being re. -
pony's Of in liornbard.atreet, and at (baring-cross. where stomachs, arising from whatever cause, no Medicine can be more BETWEEN BALHAM AND TOOTING, SIX MILES qtrired to renounce you, liberty and independence, that you are FALMOUTH, OCT. 10.-Arrived the Laurel, Bony, freers
attendance is daily given from pine till four o'clock, and Slat Conn- desirable. FROM LONDON-..TWO COMMODIOUS DETACHED called upon to repress-the excesses of some wicked ministers, who, London for the Mediterrannut.• Sailed the Lord Melville packet.
try Insurance, of the shove description will have the peonsionse re- 111 the formula from which these Lozenges are prepared, the Sul. LEASEHOLD VILLA RESIDENCES, WITH COACH- Pretending to decide on points beyond their competence, dishonour for Jamaica, and the Camden packet, for Halifax and New fork.
dead accordingly. phate of Quinine forme the chief ingredient ; but, that the effects HOUSE, STABLING ~GARDEN, &c. the religion which they preach by Infringing Its precepts. Neither Cowles, OCT. 1 1.-Sailed the Cape packet, Kettle, foe Vim
Rent payable or receivable daring the dilapidation of premises by may be more adapted to the object for which they are intended, it By WINSTANLEY and SONS, . the dogmas of Christianity nor its worship, nor the juritdiction of Diernen's Land • the Hudson, Champlio, for New York ; and
Ike, may be instilled by.s Rom of Policy Wittier to this Company, is combined in such proportions with mild Absorbents Anti-acids, At the Mart, on FRIDAY, the 28th Inst. at 12, in Two Toits, its ministers, which is purely spiritual, and has nothing of physi- his Majesty's ship Thetis, for Naples.
Ste any amount• andagreeable Aromatics, as to render them applicable to every ITI WO hew-built moil commodious detached .VILLA - col power-nor the roansof supporting this religion, which are Foci o'Ot.ocx, e. se -The above ships are returning to one
All attained at partial interests in property liable to be affected labouring under loss of tone. JL RESIDENCES, Sated in the most substantial manner, reduced to exhortation, good example, patience, and the exercise roads.
by loss Um he, may be snared with this Company on equitable Sold In Boxes at 2s. 9d. by Butlers, Chemists, 4, Chespside, of atone elevation, mad maaeieet oar, ansnaunneadon we fa. of all the virtues, have any thing to do with the form of govern- PORTSXCrCTII, Oc r . 11.-Passed by, the large four-masted
AM& J. JONES, See. corner of Sr. Paul's ; and 54, Sackville-street, Dublin ; also by tonics of respec itaWlow for 80 years, at a small ground meth under whicb the nationsin which it exists Cr. canstituted: It ship the Baron of Renfrew, from Quebec. The vessel had sailed.
Savory and Co. 136. New Bond-street, and 220, Regent-street. ant, and moat el ghosts ce. the high road .has no right to themes whether they shall ha subject to. a foreign heavily, having been 50 days on the voyage.
11 RITI S li ROCK anti PATENT SALT COM- Of whom may be had, (but at a convenient. ) between Rom and ewe ea-whether ne not they shall maintain relations with the Snorin•ss, 0cT..11.-The Matthews. Barrett, which wait
PANY, 3, tiasse Wiecnairrre a . BUTLER'S ACIDULATED LOZENGES of CAYENNE, Tooting, only six maw ibe City.voi. &Pe hatoWastmiaster ; othat_pete of the wild, or whether they shall have juntas or as. driven on shore on Hose Beach, was got off this morning, and
...Ws. the Directors of the British Rack and Patent Salt Cam- for habitual Sore Thews, Relaxation of the Uvula, Hoarseness,_ each containing eating andiinewing-soom. each "solow la Phial% sloth respective fundamental laws. What brought in here.
}any do hereby give Notice, that a GENERAL MEETING of SY, also a refreshing stimulus in Fatigue, Field Sports, dm. in about 22 feet b I 0
T. ,„„„. lointimmu _ dimgog.rom, hat elall drat ot the overlie which embraces the decision of Dz•n. OCT. 11.-Arrived and sailed for the River the Duchene
she PROPRIETORS will Wiwi& at the City of London Ts. Beau at 2s. • kw • •
... throe mime. took the title of Catholic,. mut as of York traumay with troops from Cork_; the_ William, Speen.
-nab eu ThWISDA T. the slab of October. at 12 o'clock pm- ---'""'"-em" .
than two ;pacifies klichoill, boast taper's and footmen's the cddltie,arlft V. the Defender eMe Mardi, froth Quebec, and the Bacollen, —, min Liverpool ; and the
dedo, fee the following, upae :- IMPORTANT AND USEFUL WORKS, rooms, good cellars, &c. coach-heure, and three-stall stable.) Philip :IL the Pions,--would have characterised the document. like Sprite transport, front the Northward. Arrived nom the River
" Tombs& ter the inspection and approval of the Proprieton Published by Sherwood, Gilbert, and Piper, Paternoster-row.they old to assay misers, as being turbulent and seditious • but and remain, with the rest of the outward bound, the Elizabeth.
he Dna edam Deed 0 liottlnnettt, and to receive such suggestions 111 HE GEOGRAPHY,IIISTORY, and STATISTICS, To be viewed by applying on the premises. Printed mutt•
col may be had of Air. Taylor, builder, Balham ,• at the your Chinas, guided by the principles of moderation which ani. Leddell. wid-the Hannah, Webber, foe St. John's, New Bruns.
towards bat* and amending the same as may be deemed by A- if NORTH and SOUTH AMERICA, and the WEST Wheatsbeaf, Tooting; at the Mat, and of WinstanleySons,
and mate it, he only in it n monument of that human weakness from wick ; the Alonso., Perkins, for Bordeaux, and the Mary Anna'
tban upshen• INDIES. By H. C. CAREY and J. LEA. Paternoster-row. which des somessor of St. Peter unhappily is not exempt. Mutely, for Cape Hayden. .-.. .
" Ter tonlinn a Resoiution of the Board of Directocs, whereby With considerable Additions relative to the New States of South
It IS horsed to reduce the nominal Capital of the Comany from AmeMoa. Mexico, &c. In one large vol.Dvo. illustrated with several VALUABLE LEASEHOLD PROPERTY, holy flausillst net oil does not confer power on the ministers of Villavicioss ; Josh and Mary, ..--, from Tenets& ; Reward.
Two Utilises Five Hundred Thousand Pounds to Five Hundred coloured Maps, Charts, and Views. Price 18s. in hoards.
Plumbers-meet, City-toad, the mbar; to Interfere in civil cares, but even expressly probi- Fowey, from Quebec; Fancy, Churchyard, from Figueiriu ; New
Thousand Pounds, by a reduction of the nominal value of the " The publication before ns contains isy far the most valuable
By Mr. MILLS, bits them from so interfering, who can doubt that whatever be York packet, Dranby, from Jamaica ,• Alexander, Errington, from
front Virginia • Within' Browr
their ecclesiastical rank or dignity, the same gospel does not war. Madeira ; Florida, poteraon, , .. _ .„ Shots Nom Fifty Pounds to Ten Pounds, as the present Directors condensation of American Geography, History, and Statistics,
On MONDAY, the 21th lmt. at 12, at the Auction Matt, b
hare every reason to believe, that, fur accomplishing the objects of which has issued from the Press. It is constructed on a tom re-
direction of the Mortgagee, y rant them to reprobate systems of government and national hide- hi.Coun, from ditto; Martha, Lamb, from ditto ; 31argayei,
pendent* I' Front the 6th and 6th centuries of Christianity, a scan. Smith, from Ifondurso• Cherub, Shaddock, from St. Mary s **Company, the Capital stipulated by the latter arrangement will hensive and excellent plan ,• the Maps, (;harts, and Plates, numer.
be more than ample. one and well executed,"-Literary Goatee. A N eligible compact LEASEHOLD ESTATE, com- dalous struggle has been maintained between the priesthood and and Pero, Rutter, from the Mauritius. Sailed the Atalanta, Kiwi.'
" And to receive information front the Directors respecting the A NEW GENERAL ATLAS, containing a COMPLETE ill prising six substantial Brick-built Dwelling.housite, being civil authonty. If we proceed to trace the origin of all the misfor- for Hamburgh ; Prince Regent, Lamb, for Van Diemen's Land r.
proreediegs of the Company at the different works." SET of MAPS, drawn from the be•nt authorities, of all the prin. Noe. 19, 20, 21 22, 23, and 24, plumbers-street, City-road ; tunes and disturbances which have occurred in the Church, and of Fortitude Increased, Manning, for St. Kitt's ; and Thames, Mr.
The Draft of the Deed of Settlement will be left at the Office of eipal Kingdoms and States in the World ; to which is prefixed, an
NOS. 19, 20, and 21, are let on Lease for the whole.term, and the the celebrated conflicts which have taken place between the minis- rens, for New South Wales.
Maws. Amory and Coles (the holiciton to the Company), Throg. Introduction to Geography, and on the Construction and Use of
remainder to respectable Tenants at will ; the whole held on Lease ten of the altar and the sovereigns of states, it will be seen that all
mottomstrat, Ms days previous to the Meeting, for the inspection Maps. By Thomas /dyers, L.I.D. Author of the New and Com-
for an unexpired term of 30 years, at a low ground-rent of them have had their ammentement in the mutual encroach. The Nautilus, Houghton, bound to Leith, was lost near Stol.:
of the Shareholdees. - prehansive System of 3lodern Geograph, &c. &e. In 4to. price The respective Premises may be viewed by permission of the menu which they have made on each other's jurisdiction, and in pemunde, on the 24th ultimo; part of the cargo expected to be
11. D. BROUGHTON 11. 31. PARRATT 11. Is. half-bound ;or full coloured, IL d.. 6d. Tenants, of whom particulars may be lied ; also, of Messrs. both authorides having passed their proper limits. The rulers of saved. .
JAMES SUTTON ALEXANDER REID NEW RUSSIA. A JOURNEY from RIGA to the CRIMEA, Robinson and Hine, Solicitors, Charter House-square ;at the nations pretended to decide on the dogmas of religion, and the The Hercules, 111.Laren, from London to Riga, was driven on.
JOHN COOP g WAL FURNIVAL. by way of KIEV ; with some Account of the Colonization, and of Auction Mast, and at Mr. Mills's offices, No. 1, Chapel-place, Head of the Church assumed the power of pronouncing on the shore near Wiudau, 24th ult.
ANTH. HAMMOND ALEXANDER LAW. the Blanners apd Customs of the Colonists of New Russia; to Poultry. . validity of their laws, and the legitimacy of their appointment. The Prince Regent, Row, from Vilma. to Newfoundland. hair
Open force and ruling prejudice often decided these important put into Teignmouth, with lossof bulwarks, stancheons, sails. hoc.
W. HESEL'FINE which is added, a Second Edition of Notes relating to the _rim ...
