CONYERSATIONY OR I.OIW BYRON.

13 this interesting, book there are some beautifully pa-
Oleic lines on the " Death of Sir John Moore." Lord
Byron thought the verses Equal to any thing from the in-
spired pen of Campbell or of Moore. Ile read it from a
bligiume, in which it entwined as from an anonymous
contributor. Captain Med win is of opinion that the
NA/ thud was him.' if the author, and is confirmed in
that opinion by the circumstance of his having presented a
copy of the sews to a young holy in his own hand-writing.
However this may give a plauubility to the presumption
u • Captain M:alwiti, yet we happen to 1/C in possession of
the name of the author. and of the occasion that csllial
Meth that exquisite Armlet'. 'l'lw author is Mr. Wolfe,
a gentleman who, at the period at which Sir John
Moore fell gloriously at Comma, was a student in the
University of Dublin. The Fellows of that Ihtiversity pro-
posed his unfortunate fate as a theme for the prize-poem
of that year. Mr. Wolfe was one of many competitors for
die prise; he was unsuccessful, and tit's beautiful offisprieg
of his Muse found its way to the world through the obscure
medium of a periodical magazine. It Haw familia a
proud testimony of his genius and taste, and a te,lituony
(tiot a very proud one) of the waist of both in the learned
Prmlits of the Dublin University, who gave to some
rit,tl.er of three or fettle hundred lines of rhyme the prig:.
I that these spirit-stirring verses had fairly won. lie
' has not since (dial we are aware of) devoted I • 111. to
poetical pursuits. Perhaps this early neglect damped his
sirit, and deprived the world of the productions which,
frpont the specimen before us, might be marshalled in elitu-
Wive excellence with these of the Byrum, the Moores,
and Campbells of the day.

AEResT.ITIUN.

MR. f/REEN'S OWN ACCOUNT OF lIIS DESCENT.

OuiPOILT,. OCT. IA

I loft Porters at ten minutes past a;rriei;elock, accom-
panied by Mr. bandy, and, after a voyage of 2.7. minutes,
we arrived at ligation, about two miles from Meilhurst,
where we effected a safe landing, after striking against a
chimney, end having a narrow escape of being driven
a4attist the steeple of I Lisbon church. This was, how-
ever, prevented by the net-work becoming entangled with
an apple-tree in the gimlet) of Mr. Perry, which enabled
young man to wine to our assistance. While he was en-
deavouring to secure the balloon, the grappling-iron caught
ledil of hint, but others coming to his assistance, he was nut 1
male hon.
We tiro reached the earth at the brow of a bill, think-
ing it a safe place to ileseend, being about two miles from
the vil!age, where we hoped to get help ; but the grap-
pke,-iroil failing to hold, in consequence of the prongs be-
it,lllloV, entangled with the rope, we were driven by the
farce of the wind with conaiderable velocity towards Mg-
shott, tool calor in contact with a poplar tree, when, the
network becoming entangled, the combined force of tl,:e
triad and gas broke ()irate whole of the uppe• part of the
tree, wi•Olitig not lets than Go pounds, which we carried
op with us to an immense height. We then proceeclisl
with great speed, after criting many trees and buildings,
all of which tended to retard our progress ; we were at last
effectually secured in Mr. Perry'a garden, by die apple-
tree. Oii leaving the earth the mercury in the barometer
stood at 119. and ti-loths, anal at the greatest elevation sub-
sided to 13. and giving an altitude of a!:out a utile
and a quartet.
Mr. Gandy gave the young man who Came to their assist-
ance a sovereign to repair his clothes.
The inhabitants of ileyshott, never having before seen
a balloon, were so much alarinixl, that many of them rats
into their bowies, anal their fears prevented them fr ren-
dering. Mr. Green assistance, otherwise his descent would
bare bees rendered more easy.
Mr. Green experienced the greatest assistance from the
wanes and intrepidity of his companion, who reuisined
the car; but for his aid Mr. Green's descent wotthl
loive been rendered much more difficult- Mr. Gandy
taught 'leveret times have ensured his own safety, by leav-
ing the ear when it touched the earth, but he remained
, with Mr. Green, and rendered him every assistance in his
Ifs Sattellay week Mr. Gandy offaed to accompany Mr.
Green, although the wind was blowing directly towards
the Channel, mewl they would certainly have gone but for
the interference of Mr. Green's Cut ttttt ittec, and of other
individuals present.
Mr. Green, with his companion, arrived at Portsea in
a chaise anal four, about a iptarterintst nine o'clock, to the
rot( satisfaction cal his Committee anal friends, who Were
sisiously waiting his arrival, having left his balloon at the
!Assn lean, Chichester, from which place lie will shortly
sirmd.

THE PRETE ND 1.31.
When the unfortunate Prince Charles Smart wandered
thioligh the lliglilstids, after the fatal battle of '
he with a few faithful follower., one night took up his
abode iu a bill in the weal of Ross-shire. l'aptaiiii Fergu-
son, that manor cruelty in the rye of every Ilighlatiller de-
lated to the Prince, hail his ship at anchor on the coast,
and a party of his men, with two of the natives as;nnids,
geatelin^ the country, where ciretinistantes through the
day led them to conclude the Royal fugitive or sonic of his
adherents were lurking. I 7poti their nearing the spot, the
smell of roast meat assured them of their prey ladtig at
hand. Of this they spoke to each other. exulting in the
aloof returning to Ferguson with the Prince their cap-
tive, and securing the 30.000/. put upon his head. One of
the guides, who was scholar enough to know what they
were talking about, communicated the matter to the other,
whoilid not understand than, and expressed his fears that
the Prince would he taken. The other, inure really at ex-
geth.tit. and equally anxious for the safety of the Royal
personage they weie in pursuit of, swore wank' sooner
die than see it, and asked how lie should express in Eng-
lish that he saw utrn creeping along the opposite ridge.,
This Donald learnt in a twinkling—ao, turning about to
the English tars who were iieranibling on behind—he vo-
aysted, with all his un ght, " De Prince, de Prince ; luke,
'lt Pain N1111111;4 dere ! --lire, fire ! de Prince, de l'riner
In ant smut every musket was pointed at the spot to which
pauldilireeted. and an instant volley and about proved
the 1101:5 sagacity and ('harles's safety. The cave they
found, but spoiied roaat-meat was all the booty waiting
their snivel. ne. Prince and his mei, took the alarm,
abandatall their retreat, and fought their way during
a dark and iltuu:! night through moors and rocks
bavy,,Pe and will in the extreme. In the warning they
taw to a faint belonging to people who lived on an island
shout a mile's distance. But no boat could be had to waft
them to Skye ; awl to secure one, they adopted the only
method that olferi.3l. They drove the cattle into the corn
--this immediately brought a boat from the island, am) so
Lou as the Prince and his men found it landed and the
"it diar. they instantly took ponsession of it. left its
valve in money, and in a few hours landed safely in the
Isle of Skye. •

At the Dublin Catholic Association on Saturday, the
following resolution was carried with acclamation :
" Pout the Catholic .I,sociati.m, anxious to testily their sincere
o!!adintent to the gloriotia Corruitutian founded and mummified
by "tlf C3thllllr ancestor., ant: at the sante time to teattly our
f.
.411441 ml loyalty to our Most lfraciimis Sorertign, flange the
mh, who wom the that Nliinitreh to declare that the Crown was
ltmt Ito the hentiit tot the people, toiler that • portrait of
Maie,ty, nehly fronted, and attritiounted by the Crown. be
Placid Ova the Chair, in the room appropriated tOr its meetings."
.t puralogital controvi ray has arisen in smite ti the
ssitli country tkipers, re-sue:ling tlw lineal descendants of
totowned Sir William Wallace. This honour has, it
"'s, heti' claimed for General Dunlop ; but a seem-
thiey well-informed writer on the subject has 'hewn that
thy chat urged for him is nal ttttt do!, and that Sir Charles
R"'"". of haluagown, Bart. is, by his descent frutu the
'lollies of Lamington, the ge • lineal descendant and
hinesentative of the Great tteottish Hero and Patriot.—
',onsets J 4,1- • rwl.
"ere has beri the largest arrival of colliers in the Pool
thiv wet* evu linown. Of Yin vessels arrived, the car-
YIM of VoS have lwen already sold, but, as might he ex-
pc,..tetl, at a reduced price.
Ilea:omitting-house of klessrs.Wake and stone-
mere.hatits, Millkank-strect, Westminster, was broken open
sai saturate morning, and cash and notes to a considerable
amount stolen from 'au L.,4 „Lest.

Mk:3lO7R
or TIIE MARQUIS of TORRE TABLE, LATE PRESI-
DENT OF PERM

The ottidie matt is rot master of his actions; he is til.:tectl to
answer Inc his proceedings, and give an account of his hie%
The :try in which I.c has served is deserving of his ennsidera.
fen col lit his best wishiab 31ire will ootostantly be director! to.
wards the felicity of Peru.
At the time when I exercised the supreme command of Peru,
called independent, many remarkable circumstances took ploce, foe
the exploitation of which, it offends my delicacy to Eisd it indispen-
sable to erthlish ,41111 C coufidential communications of (ieneral 80.
hear, which never woi.:4 have Leen divulged, had the attempt not
been made through them, to sully my honour. In such ,a CU!, I
am not constrained to olneove a contistency which would dithorstme
myself, and which Las rot been observed toward' Me. I shall not
detain myself in allovong the strong interest I have felt in cndea.
' routing to prevent the misfortunes of Peru. I received the
supreme military command in Callao, in July, NM, and this was
' the greatest proof of my devotion to the relictty of the country. I
considered it absolutely a suserifice, from the time General Bolivar
ordered forces to ..ecupy it. betioe they had been required by Don
Jose de le Rica Agnew, since. out the arrival of Iletirsal Portaear.
rent at Iluayaiittil, transports were rest:,' with troops to be diem-
harked at Callan, without consulting the wish of this Peruvians-
, that time the extermination of the country was decreed, and
it was toy duty to trout no means to free her from slavery. I are.
cered 0:1 this account provisionally, the compiled. although there
I were genteel) any resources in the capital to maintain the troops,
Or sustain the cite, list, notwithstanding I attended to every thing
in the h, st manner jenalble. I was czcreaively desirous that the
('irogress, aslectioe a worthy citizen, would relieve me from the ad-
inicistration Vans which it bad exonerated I)on Jose de la tit
Amiens. But this body haviti'been violently dissolved in i'eue.
• ilk), I conceived It my duty to preserve my post, in order to re.
establish at all hazards the Legislative Assembly.
Bet how could ad* be effected hitbout Peruvian forces, and only
rich auxiliaries who would take no part in internal dissensions? I
was persuaded that it should he done, and I immediately effected it
wi'lliett any oilier Lifeguard than that of my courage and that of
my friends. I re-established the Congress, I saved several of the
deputies, and I secretly gloried in actions which 1 camellia' to be
good, and at that tittle utast useful to the cortintry.
Bolivar arrives it Callao the Ist September, and the torch of civil
discord Is immediately thing appears to him wrong,
and he does not hesitate in declaring to the Committee of theCortgrese
who wished to congratulate him that a " genel.al and radical reform
was necessary ;" that is to say, that Ms considered himself capable
of dictating the law to the Congress. Ile did ion deceive himself,
terns is disseniinatrd, and this body only thought of distmering
the a ill of lholiver iu order to satisfy it. lie Is invested with the
supreme, military, civil, and direetural command, degrading the
authority which the same Congress had conferred upon me, and
scattering the seeds of .lisani 111 l between the executive power and •
foreign and absolute authority. Large contribu thins are decreed
beyond the capacity and fortune of the inhabitants: extensive hien'
are received which are all employed in procuring excellent clothing
foe the ausiliary troops, and supplying punctually their want, and
their pay, three troops being constantly attended to in preference
' w the Perueiatis. It would be &thews to conceive how much 1
bad to softer and diesemble trout the imperious and overhearing
AMAIN/ of Bolivar, in (wiling into effect ell his ideas, without re.
ant to the ineane, and how much I was compelled to tolerate not
only from him, hut l'olonels Heves and Perei, the two springs
which he constantly moved to molest at every moment the Govern-
ment. studious to observe towards hint the greatest obsequitotaneva
Notwithstanding 1 conceived myself obliged to make these sacri.
dices for Peru, in ortho to preserve a semblance of her proper au.
thority which might hereafter be opposed to the dreadful measures
which were commencing against the natives of the country, and
which every day would lot-masc.
Before Bolivar went to the northern coast to pacify those pro-
vines, he verbally charged me 61 be most rigorous towards all the
irany of Hiss Artier.), and to spare none of their lives; he ordered
that all this party should instantly disappear, to avoid the evils re.
tutting front delay. Don Jose de la Biwa Aguem being taken
with some others, in Truxillir, by Col. La Fume. he imparted the
event to the Dovernment„ who transmitted it to the (!impreas with.
out asking any punishment. The Congress by their reply and far-
mer decrees, placed me under the tonessity of giving an order for
the eseeuthm of HISA AgIICTO Mud sonic of his principal followers
but I consolnl myself with the idea, that they would have left
Tveailla before the aolise essW have reached dim. I imitlipus
nirahal my sentiments to Bolivar on this subieet, in a late
which I wrote I • the sth of December, and which is amoneste
the justificatory documents. Na. 1.
The TCPUJUIIOOII on the fate of kiss Aguern anti the other pri-
, sorters emanated from Congress and not front myself. I gave them •
sufficient opportunity to reverse the decrees which the Legislative
Body had jr.ouled out the 11th stud 19th of last August, and i did not
tiro.. the idea of la Fuenie that they !should he banished to Chili.
1 hr Congress resolved to enforce the punishment of a crime which
Mut been classified by the law, and it was not in my power to pre-
vent it.

Itri this occasion I shall merely state, that the imputation east
upon the timiernment of having sent an individual to Truttillu tier
the 'impose of poisoning Rive Aerutro, is false. %Vharever this
individual tea, or was compelled to say, is false. and no 51enther
of the Government hail any share in it. The said individual was
only known by his artivity in introducing ciimmunicaithuts as he
had dune in Lima, when Callao teas besieged by the Spanish arnmy.
lie was afterwards sent thr to convey four lettos to True in.', for
the objets of eecitieg an insurrec in that city, foe which lie re-
ceived only 511 dollarv, drawn from the general treasury. Who could
believe that ler sea email a sum he could be induced to undertake
such an enterprise as this? Who could believe that the floverninent
would for a moment suppose that an Individual unknown to Bina
Agucro, could ore sin an easy intruthiction into his domestic envier.
Thos calumny is very conteniptible, notwithstanding at the time, it
&oldies! general currency. General !Wheat having been intiwentel
of the immediate ceecution he hail commanded of the orders of the
roof:rest 'gavot lilts Aguero, and the Other principal peewits
taken with him, replied to the 31inieter of %far, who at that time
also tilled the Department of Stale, in the literal terms which ap-
pear from the paper N 0.2, dated in Catamarca, 11th I/termini,
Itha. From this letter we may make the observations;
that General Bolivar wished that not only all the partisans of Itiva
' Aguero, but alo, the Spaniard. who should be found in the capital,
should be immediately put to death.
'Secondly, that he ordered the battalion of Vargas in march out
immediately to the litutintailia, and to be replaced in Callao by that
of the Hill de la l'het. That body was in die mountains when the
Dltipiciatilms commenced with the Spaniards. General Bolivar sag.
Rested the idea, but did not wish to appear publicly in it, fierliaps
IA melee to induce the belief that the Government was selling the
century. &1311 that be saved it by triumphing over the Spaniards,
without fulfilling any phanises towards them. But the Govern.
Meat sustained Its diaracter of justice, honour, and interest fur
Peru. which might be expected.
Toter date of the 11th of January, General Bolivar wrote me
the letter, N 0.3, by which he ?economists to iny notice, moat stre-
nuously, a very important rtEtir whisk be had contain nicated. un-
der the SAW date. t m Odom I liars.* It was this that was Qin-
taint.' in the latter of Isis acting Secretary, Espinar, No. 4, the
original of which was eititlideil to not by the said Cidonel. with
great re•erVe, and which was returned to him alter being copied.
As won II I was informed of all, the Minister of War, Golaorl
fly's. and Myself etaleavotired to carry into effect the project of
General Bolivar; and as he did nut wish to appear publicly in it,
I wrote, welt their conntion consent. to the President of the Con-
gress the note, No. 5, which was replied to by a note of "samba-
lion, under the euppiwition that the Government was acquainted
with the wish of Bolivar in this particular. The letter which I
wrote to 11olivar on the Ilith January, refers to this circumstance,
and is marked No. g, and that of Colonel Here*, of the Ibth of the
same month. No. 7. is a farther corroboration. All that has been
said, sheers my wish to agree with him in tine business, even in
the most minute points.
',mkt such circumstances, and charged with accelerating the
said negotiation. Colour' Perez arrived at lama lee n ['suedes,
the Slecietary of General ikdivar, who had with myself and the
Secretary of M'ar, a rooference on the 17th of January, 11.COOrding
to the document No. 8. Ile then observed, if the Spaniards should
not wish to treat on the preliminary convention of Durso. Ayres.
die said General prop med a particular one with Peru; and thus it
was eisiiiiletitially resolved upon. In ameequewe of all this, the
respects.. persons were delegated under this date. and the oflicial
letter Nu. li, written to General La Seams, and instructions were
Oven to the 31i:dater Plenipotentiary, as appears from the papers
• 111 and 11.
'rile Monster set oat' to Xanja at that time, and entered that
sown on the :Mb id' January. Ile learnt there, by Yield Marshal
lion Juan Antonio Monet, that ot the following day General
Loriga, chief of the staff would Conte from Ilumicayo, fruits the
Commander.in-Chic(, to hare an interview with said Minister, and
to receive the despatches, two of which were in het delivered to
him. tmmr the Vice-Buy La Kerns, Nue. ii and It, accompanied by
the official despatch and letter for his Ezeelkmey, elemeral rats-
the replies to which ant Nes. IS and lii.
terse, Nos. 13 and 11,
The conference with elnieral larriga, was altogether of a private
nattier. as be declared. from the beginning, that La Seim alone
could give a definitive answer. In this conference, as to all the
Others. the Minister proceeded to esuiblish negociationa ezeiseively
on the basis of independence, and he there solicited. as had been
prupused lir General Wirer. in case of being refused as anew to
the preliminary convention of Buenos Ayers, a particular treaty 01
union and friendship might be concluded with Peru, em the boa
of independence.
flaying punctually given an account of all that had bilestojeg
to (tell. lie wrote me a letter of ripprettariah :416 I
this latter, it appears that all dist I did on thlet &shied was with has
knowledge and concurrence; and all that the Hensler peptised had
heat previously arranged. without his idstiollitg is the slightest
tappet (ruin liis instructions.
There was way sans Uvortal Bolivar was DOt desirous
