Share. Paid.

PRICES 07 SHARES YESTERDAY.

11/1.1 NS.

ne, 'lexica&
A ~kl.-Chllian
A ririe-rolnmblan
1,,,044, La Ni, and /crawlea Arodations
1,,r44wd Ilexlean .
Utta New
WelAto I rqn and Coal

NISCCLI4II•OUS.

G•litwal Steam Navldstlss .
AM de Is Pita Arica!lurid .

€11.30 0 23 Ai
. lOU A '2l 3MI
100 S )4 4‘ Jfa
. SIl 6 3 tH.
. 40 20 111. m
. 40 123 4pm
. :19 Ili dLo

. 1110 10 14 9pm
lOU S 21 di+
. 100 5 2;014

KING'S THEATRE, OPERA CONCERT-ROOM,
HAYMARKET.
EIDUL'RANION.

NIGTEF (IFEDNEDAY. March li Mr. D. T. WALKER Iworoe,
bivATROYOMICAI. LECTURE on MG original ORRERY. which be
bee ',lvied. In addition to Its %Goal splendor. be will repeat the Prob!em
or the Earth'. Admeaturement, the Canty of Leap Year tuben February
tut l'sransy.nine Gaya). and the I.Ne of the Celestial Globe.
Farther portwnlars In bills, to be had, and place's, at Mr. Ebert's, Old
lilud.etreet ; and at the Box-oftee of the Th Satre, daily. Boxes Je. ;
Fir ; naslery Nexin at Half-pit Seven ; cut Ten.
N.M. ht, .V.`• Conno of Twelve Lectures on Experimental PhMo.npby
been+ uo Friday Eveube Next, at :e! x, at the 80,119. Tavern, SenninMon.

COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.

GRAND PTRFOAMANCE OP ANCIENT ♦ND MODERN

Togs M.VgA. KKK K SIR ORORCIS %SART.
TN* lErvlllta WEI/NVIIIIY Mite% I.

timer I. A 911retion fr-m the new Orator of "Thanksgivinl,"
by Air .1. A. Stereos vs, Mus Dor.
At Ow iind of Pan 1. an F.xtemporaDeons Pelorroance on the Organ
by Mr. Thon.a. Adams.
Baas 11,, Reim*** trots R•saint, Leo, and Mozart and the First
Part ot Mardik's Itratorl• or •• The Crest! an." .
Pan' !IL. A Grand Miseel!anentis Act.
Often's! Vocal Performers--Messrs. Attins,• Reshani, Pfill'ips, Horn-
eastle, Robinson, mad Tinneg; Masters Barker sod hotighurut, Miaes H.
CMII4e, tame, pima, and ambe t and Madame Vamr6.

The Daman Passe commenced pnbliebing yeaterday morale, at a
quarter before six o'clocl.

LONDON, WEDNESDAY, Nlincii 1, 1896.

The proceedings in the House of Commons last night
disclosed the important fact that the Bank of England hsd
entered into an arrangement with the Government, by which
they were to advance three millions on commercial pro-
perty. When Mr. THOMAS WILSON, whose motion fur
a " Select Committee to inquire into the present distresses
of the commercial world" stood for to-night, was called
upon, he asked if an arrangement had been come to by his
Majesty's Ministers and the Bank for an advance, for if
that were the case he should not peruser.) in his motion.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that ktvern-
ment and the Bank bad consulted, and that that Corpora-
tion had consented to advance three millions ; that a Bill
was to he introduced for the purpose of repaying in Go-
vernment Securities, after a certain period. a proportion of
the money so advanced by the Bank ; and Mr. HtTsa MON
would accelerate the operation of the law of merchant and
factor, which would be an advantage also to the Bank as
well u to the public.
Mr. Ewe E asked if personal security were to be taken
for advances, and if they were to be hawed to manufac-
turing towns generally. The CHANCELLOR of the Ex-
en EQUER said that the arrangements on the bead of per-
sonal security were not yet made, but the assistance was
to be general to all manufacturing towns.

The pecuniary embarrassments which have spread so
dark• a gloom over this part of the commercial world are
becoming every hour more deeply felt on the Continent,
and are productive of fresh distresses. ►►'e learn, with
sincere regret, that one of the first houses in the wool-trade,
the house of Messrs. REICHENBACK and Co. at Leipsic,
has failed to the extent of nearly half a million. This
event, it is expected, will be severely felt by many of the
leading wool-staplers in this country. Messrs. REICREN.•
BACK and Co. have extensive branch establishments in
most of the chief cities of Germany. ►l'heu we consider
how much the credit and concerns of all great mercantile
houses are combined and are mutually dependent one
upon another, it is easy to imagine the wide circle of ruin
which this failure will bring in the train of it.

From the commencement of the present Session, Par-
liament has been besieged with petitions praying for the
extinction of negro slavery. Could these addresses be
taken to express the unbiassed wish of the country, far
would it be from any wish of ours to deduct any thing
from their just influence; we would willingly have the
condition of mankind everywhere meliorated, and would
apply all our diligence to the attainment of so de-
sirable an end; but when we become acquainted with
the proceedings at those places where such petitions
have been got up, and see itinerant orators Journey-
ing from parish to parish, practising on the credulity
and playing on the passions of well-meaning but mire-
fleeting men, ore cannot refrain from calling on those
by whom the great question is to be decided not to
echo the voice of a party, but to consult the benefit
of the people. Well may the anti-colonial patiy regret die
retirement of those who conferred some dignity to their
cause. Those illustrious men who long so eloquently pleaded
for African manumission have been followed by successors
who display little moderation, and who make benevolence
blush fur their advocacy. What are now the prominent'
themes of appeal in behalf of the negro ? An arithmetical
question of pounds, shillings, and pence—and a discus-
sion of sugar duties and bounties. Is it to be ima-
gined that the lofty and the generous-minded will stoop
to follow in this train? Can we shut our ears to the
remarks heard in every respectable society, that there is
too much of the trickery of traffic in those statements urged
upon the public to associate with a great, question of hu-
manity, which ought exclusively to consider the best model
of improving the negro condition, and of introducing the
best means of moral civilization ? The subject has of
late years been more amply discussed and allied than
at any former period; and it is not to be denied that,
viewing what has appeared on both sides, the West Indians
have left no adversary unanswered. Their victory has
been complete. They have maintained that the negroes
will not work for the love of working, and that upon their
emancipation dissoluteness and idleness must succeed, and
will bring with them a train of habits by which the colo-
nies will be for ever lost to England. In reply, the op-
posing party has produced here and there an isolated case
of putting a negro in the stocks, or some other punishment.
The West Indians have shown that on the loss of the
British Colonies sugar must still be eaten, and that
negroes must still be employed to produce it. Their op-
ponents have given a sentimental picture of a nc-pro seated
beneath a plantain tree, reading some newly-imparted
moral treatise to his family. The Vest Indians have
urged that the blessings of religious instruction should
first be diffused as a preparative for the conferring of civil
rights. But this slow process is not suited to the peremp-
tory compassion of their opponents. They mould make
shorter work of it. They would set the negroes first to
fight with their masters, then to fight among themselves,
and by these revolutionary movements to clear the course
and make way for the full operations& their philanthropy.
Let us not be supposed to insinuate that, in the meantime,
amelioration. as far as it is practicable, should not he for-
warded to the utmost. But we would have whatever is
dune done under the dictates of a sound discretion, and not
Item a false humanity or a precipitate zest. The great ob-
jection on the part of the Colonial Assemblies is, that the
plan of their opponents is founded on a wrong principle,
and therefore it is that they apprehend it to be but the pre-
lude to more violent encroachments.

Oflicial intelligence has been received of the conclusion
of the armistice between the British and Burmese forces,
a copy of which has arrived by the Lady Kennaway, which
reached the Downs on Sunday, u we yesterday announced.
The Armistice was signed on the 17th September, and was
to continue for thirty days. The immediate negotiation
was irtrnsted to Lieutenant-Colonel TIDY; and Lieutenant
SMITII, of the navy, on the part of the British, and to
KNJEE NIAttA, and two others, on the part of the Bur-
mese. The latest despatch from Sir A. Cast 1.1.1 P. Lt. was
dated Procne, S.:pt. 19. If this Armistice lead to no better
r^sult, it has at all -events given time to Sir A. Ctotract.t.
to mak., the reert;site preparations for commencing the
campaign, should that alternative be rendered necessary.

Buenos Ayres papers to 17th December were received
yesterday. It appears by them that a new journal,
called the Message? o Argentine, has replaced the Argus,
which the Director of the State Printing-office wottld no
longer allow to he printed there; And that being the only
office at Butmos Ayres, the Argus was obliged to suspend
its publication. The report that BOLIVAR bad ordered

THE BRITISH PRESS.

bccn his troops troops to march to the assistance of the United Pro'
vinces in the war against Brazil, seems to have
the statement that appeared in private letters frvome
be founded—at least these papers contain no corrob ot ationßot*f
and Buenos Ayres upon this sithi!ct. Troops h n
sent from Buenos Ayres to the Mottle Oriental, hut to
ey
had not arrived when the last advices left the seat of war.
The General Congress had opened for the Government I
credit of 1,200,000 piastres. Advicm from the annY
Uruguay state that the Portuguese troops are nottinotts,
and indisposed to fight with the oriental army. • We have
not room to give any extracts from these papers to-day.
The Paris papers of the '26th, w;th the Efate of 27t11,
were received last night. Their contents are unimportant.
Ofie of the principal conspirators in the mutiny at St. Pe-
tersburgh has been minded in the garb of a mendicant at
Warsaw. By these papers it seems that a project de la
relative to inheritance is occupying the attention of the
Council of State at Berlin, as well as that of the Chamber
of Deputies at Pais. The great houses of PI. AT IM ANN and
Co. of Leipsig, and BE N tors, of Berlin, have suspended
their payments. The deficiency of the former is 800,000 I
rix dollars ; that of the latter 600,000. These Journals
notice the distressing fact of the kingdom of Naples having '
been visited by an earthquake that caused the destruction
of sixty houses in the district of Florence.
(From the Eidik dated Illonday, Feb. 27,1
PARIS, Feta 28.
An important piece of news has just been received at Vienna
from Warsaw. William Kuchelbeeker, one of the conspirators of
St. Petersbuigh, has just been arrested. After having long evaded
the search made for him, be had arrived atit'arsaw in the disguise
of a mendicant. A sentinel. who had seen the description of his
Person, thought he recognised him under the disguise, kind arrested
him. A false passport fora foreign country was found upon him.
It should seem that, on his examination, t s young man has con-
' fessed that he was one of the chiefs of the conspiracy. It is said he
has also declared that a printer, who disappeared from St. Peters-
burgh tour or five years ago, and who had printed proclamations
which were to have been published at that time, had bees assassinated
by the conspirators, for fear of a diecoverv, this prints: bavit*lxist
procured a passport to travel abroad. 'This, at least, is wMOS
affirmed.
Letters from Prussia say that It is very remarkable that just
when the speech from the Throne announced in France the project
of law nn primogeniture, a similar plan was preparing at Berlin to
be laid l',fore the Council of State. it is a matter of general corn-
pianit that the estates were so divided that in the end the por-
tions would be next to nothing, and such a law is wished for by
the small landowners themselves, as they would find in it )t gua-
rantee for the existence of their desclidants.
The day before yesterday, about newt, a clerk of the Bank, pass-
ing over the Pont Royal, with a bag containing 9.000 trifles, had
a agauat himself,
baglBndl Intoleathnet htihcehpisaraverpelt,deebuptauttit thater
u
place. Some divers in.atediatel7 preattred to. fetch up the bag;
hut the first thing they brought up was little iron box, which, on
opening it, was found to contain about 12,000 francs, louis (Fors,
of one coinage of 1784. which they &tided among them. The
' bag was afterwards brought on and given to the clerk, who offered
snore five-franc pieces to the divers, as a testimony of his gratitude,
but they generously refused them, and obliged him to accept wine
of the louis d'ors which chance had put into their hands.

[From the Pilule of sunder:l
The Flovertee Gazdtr, of Feb. lf,, mentions letters from Corfu
of 21st January, which confirm tke capture of Tripolizza, and of the
garrison, consisting of 2,000 Arabs. The Gezettec adds that the
Capitan Paths had received strict Injunctions from Constantinople
to keep on good terms with Ibrahim Pacha, which placed him
under the disagreeable necessity of sobutitiing to all the caprices
of the Egyptian Chief.
It is said that the debts of thetnase of Platymann and Co. of
Lei nsig ainnunt to 01111•000 rix dollars, and those of Renecke. of
Berlin, to a like sum, and that the assets are but imaginary. It is
said that the uncles of the two chief partners of the latter house left
them a fortune of 600,000 rix dollars.
On the list of February a shock of an earthquake was felt in the
province of Banlicata in the kingdom of Naples. Sixty houses in
the district of Tito were thrown dawn ; all the buildings in the
populous town of Potenza suffered more or less. and in both plates
many persons were buried under the ruins.
A fresco painting has been discovered at Pompeii, representing
an eruption of Vesuvius and several processions at the toot of the
mountain; Cape 11Iisenum and the city of Naples are in the back
ground. This picture indicates that Vesuvius was formerly of
prodigious height, and that the frequent eruptions have lowered it
considerably; it also shows that the Somma did not exist, or rather
that it formed a part of Vesuvius, and has been separated from it
by a volcanic eruption.
From the Comfit utionnen
The last letters which we have received front the Mediterranean
mention that Redachid I'acha has sent emissaries to decapitate the
Albanian rebels, particularly Ismael Pacha, who has, however,
contrived to escape, and has been received with great marks of at-
tention by the English authorities st Corfu.
CiTY, TrEsDAY Evxxtwoc.
When it is recollected that Consols (luring the Account
that ended to-day have been 81 and 74L, it is no unim-
portant fact to communicate, particularly when the pressure
of the times is taken into consideration, that no defaulter
has been declared to-day. The settlement in the English
market has passed off much better than could have been ex-
pected, and that the scarcity of Money Stock has been more
or less experienced throughout the Account was very ap-
parent to-day, and in consequence the backwardation, ac-
cording to Stock Exchange parlance, was at one part of the
day per cent. Independent of the agitation that was
created by the settling day, another strong cause of ex-
citement existed in the meeting of Bank Directors, relative
to the relief of commercial distress, and every hour of
the morning produced a new report upon this interesting
subject. At one time it was said That the Bank had alto-
gether refused to aid the commercial interest; at another
the rumour was that two millions were to be advanced ; a
third statement put the loan at four millions; and in this
way were the hopes and fears of persons requiring assistance
worked upon until after the close of the market. Consols
opened at 77 for the Account, and were afterwards done at
774 i fur April, and fur money at 771 j. These quotations
show that owing to the great scarcity of Stock, Consols
-for Money were higher than for the Account, at one
time as much as per cent., for the money price in the
middle of the clay touched 77il 4. The closing prices
were, for Money, 77 i ; for the Account in April, 77 „ ;
Exchequer Bills were dis. to par; India Stock 225 6, and
the Bonds 8 dia.

An advance took place in the Mexican Six per Cents.,
which, after reaching 81, left offat 604 ; Colombian Bonds
were 164 at the close of the market, having been as high
as 47; Greek Bonds were t 7; 18. ; Spanish ditto, 94 10 ;
Danish, 511 21; and Russian 7al 9.

There waf a good deal of elasticity in the Colonial
market this morning, and the sales of Sugar were larger
than we have noticed for some days.

The advice received yesterday from Barbadoes state that
a fire took place in that part of the town called the Bay, on
the morning of she 2Sch of January, and consumed from
so to 100 houses. If the wind from the southward had
not providentially clianged to north-east, the whole town,
would have been burnt down. .

Letters from Madrid state that the time for permitting
the import of English cotton goods into Spain had been ex-
tended on the payment of a further 611 M into the treasury.
A change in the Ministry at Madrid has again become the
subject of conversation.
By the Turkey Mall that arrived, accounts were received
from Constantinople to the 26th, and from Smyrna to
the 17th ult. The English Ambassador sailed from Smyrna
on the 1.44), in his Majesty's ship Revenge, for the Darda-
nelles. The accounts from the Turkish capital are favour-
able for the Greek cause. They say the fear of Russia
will certainly force the Government into some arrangement
with the Greeks. The letters from Smyrna are quite in
a different tone; they state that the accounts Prom the
• Morea are to the 12th January. and assert that Napoli di
ltomania is closely btsieged by a part of the Egyptian
army ; Missoloughi still held out. The Exchange with
England has advanced from 53 to 58. Piastre about 4t1.;
some years ago it was at the ram of about 12d. There hes,
however, among other causes, been a clipping ef the coin
by the Turkish Government.

.....
Letters from Alexandria (Egypt) of January 11 state
that the first part of. the crop of cotton, to a very great
extent, had been sold to French houses, and would be
shipped to that country as fast as possible.
Yesterday-the Lord-Illavor held a Common Council at
Guildhall, in pursuance of a requisition, to consider the
expediency of petitioning both Houses of Parliament,
praying they will he pleased to in7titute a rigid inquiry
into the formation of the varions joint-stock companies,
and the conduct and proceeding: of the directors, ma-
nagers, end of:leers, and the appronriation and the sale of
shares, and to adopt such measures ss they may deem no-
""rY for the correction and prkvention of suolv evil ; and
sundry resolotions being proposed thereon, were discussed
at considerable length, and ultimately negatived.

SHIPPING INTieLLIGIINCE.

LIVERPO IL, Motthei. Frs. n•

Wind W. rola—High Water, 21 to. p. 2.
Arrived the Sapphire, Callen, tram Charisma, sailed sth Feb.
Calcutta, Strayan, from Bombay. sailed 6:11 Feb. • Bowditch,
Curtis. from Savannah; Navy, Parsons, from Chariston, sailed
25th Jan. ; and Good Intent, —, from St. Michael's.
llot.YttEAD, FED. 26.
Wind W.—Fresh gale and hazy.
Arrived, wind-hound, the Susannah. (iruchon. from Liverpool
for Havre, out 20 days ; and the Montague, Cook, from Cork to
Dublin.
The Brig Mary Frances, from Liverpool to Drogheda, ran upon
the rocks south-east of the harbour, where she lay three hours, got
off with the flood tide into the harbour; had no pilot on hoard.,
The Frances, Gillespie, and Robert James Haynes, Martindale,
from Liverpool, have arrived at Barbadoes.
The Chichester (packet) from Falmouth arrit el at Barbadoes,
and proceeded to Jamaica.
The New York, Bennett, sailed from Cork 24th inst. for New
York.
_ _

The William, Thompson, and Excellent, Erik?, from Liver.
pad, have arrived at Charism.
The Jane and fivnry, Ilornby, and Bruniwick, Graham, from
Liverpool, have arrived at Alvarido.
The Jane, Livingston, for Demerara, has put backr

FALMOUTH, FEB. 26.—Arrived yesterday the Frolic packet.
front Buenos Ayres—sailed the 20th December, from Monte Video,
the 27th ditto ; and the Fancy, Crews, from Cork. Sailed the Ju-
liana, Sleeman, for Vera Cruz; the New Frederick, Quieten, for
Cadiz; the Lorton, Snowden, for London, and about twenty
coasters.—Wind W.
PLYMOUTH, FEB. 26.—Arrived his Ilestrii ship Cherokee,
from the West Indies; and the Lively, Faulkner, from Sierra
Leone in 38 days, leaky —spoke on the 28th December, the Bur.
rell, of Naweastle, from London, 20 miles off Sierra Leone.—
Wind W.
COWES, FEB. 27.—Arrived the Duchess of Athol, from the
Downs, for Bombay'and Chins.
PORTSMOUTH, FEB. 27.—Arrived the Ilarmonie, Lootz, from
Trieste, in 43 days and from the Downs the Nancy, Sate, for
Jamaica; the Levant. M'Cornsick, for Trinidad ; the Cambridge.
Allen, for Bermuda; and the Jane, Ridley, for Demerara.—Wind
S.W. strong.
DEAL, FEB. 27.—The wind has been strong throughout the
day from S.W. The outward.bound remain all well. A home-
ward-bound schooner pasted this afternoon—name on her stern
" tlelantho."
FIVE P. M.—Wind W.S.W ; rather less wind, but still equally.
GRAVESEND, FEB. 27.—Arrived the Sir F. Burton, Aldridge,
from Quebec ; William, Nicolson, from Gallipoli ; Adenna,
Steward, from Xavia ; Andreas, Ruch. from Gottenburgh; Mary
Ann, Chehber, from Trieste. Sailed the Flom, Christie, for
Terceira; Thersia. Perm% for Ostend.
NEWHAVEN, I,En. 27.—The Agenoria, Dickson, in turtling
into the Cockle on Saturday last, came in contact with a schooner,
supposed to be the Lydia, of Aberdeen, which it is feared has
sustained considerable damage. The Agenoria was only triflingly
damaged.
HOLYHEAD, FEB. 26.—The Mary, Francis. from Liverpool to
Drogheda, run upon the rocks S.E. of the harbour, but was got
off. and brought in here.
STROMNES3 (OaxsrEes), FEn. 19 —The following vessels
are here at eresent :—Viituria, of and for Ilelsingtors; Venus,
Iluckstrow, of and for Borgo; Etowa. Renners, of and for Revel,
all from Liverpool. The Scotsman, Erskine, of and from Dundee
to Jamaica, has been 151) miles west of the Lewises, and put back,
all well.
BELFAST, FEB. 24.—The Three Brothers, of Workington,
Bartlett, bound to Newry, was stranded 2'24 inst. at the en-
trance of Strangford river, but was got off' the same night, and
brought into Portaferry, with loss of keel, &c.
BUENOS AIRES, DEc. 19.—0 n the 6th inst. the ship Marquis
of Anglesey, from London for Buenos Ayres, struck upon the
English Bane in the river Plate. Assistance was procured from
'tlonte Video, and after lightening her she was got off without
material damage', and has arrived at Montevideo. The Countess
of Liverpool. Jenkinson, from Liverpool for this port, was plun.
dered in lat. 3,7, N. long. 23, 46. W. of part of her cargo, by a
piratical brig. They ill-treated Capt. Jenkinson and his mate,
striking them with cutlasses, and took several watches from
the passengers. She was a black painted brig, and had the mer-
eh* flag of Buenos Ayres. Theprew of the pirate said they had
been blockading Cadiz for six montli.l—The Elia .beth, Barcroft,
from Liverpool for this port, struct upon the Spit of Ensenada
pith December, and it is feared will be lost, as the last accounts
from Ensenada state the water to be even with her deck, and part
of her mainmast gone.
DEe. 20.—The Upton, Orchard, anchored in the outer Roads,
received such damage in a gale of wind on the 18th inst. that it
had been found necessary to send the Uruid steam-boat to tow her
into the inner Roads. The Thomas !landlord, Sawyer, likewise
received trifling damage in the same gale.
MONTEVIDEO, DEc. 23.—A Brazilian frigate arrived here on
the 17th inst. bringing a declaration of war from that Governmeet
against Buenos Ayres. Part of the Brazilian squadron sailed
front hence yesterday for Buenos Ayres, to proclaim that port in
a state of blockade ; and it is understood that all foreign vessels
will be allowed 14 days to leave the roads.

Extract of a letter from the Agents to Lloyd's at Mesita), dated
Jan. 3:—" The Mexican Government have determined on shutting
this port against foreign trade altogether. The new tariff of
duties will not appear before March next. The stipulations are
expected to reduce not only the Valuation of the goods, but also
the ratio for the duty 033 per cent., from 48g. its present one."
Arrived off Dover the Catherine, (iroet, from Surinam, in 35
days.
The Thorncy Close, Ayre, from Sunderland to New York, put
into Kinsale 23d ult, with loss of bulwarks, and rudder damaged ;
also the Thetis, Bailey, from Bristol to Sierra Leone, with rudder
damaged.
The Fortuna, Prahm, from Sunderland to Bordeaux, has put
into Southwold, with loss of sails, boats, and bulwarks.
