Yew bumble Servant,

Scarborough, Reps. 11". W. A. HENDERSON.
In justice to rout ettetllent Bairn of Gilead, Ibe leave so
acqnaint you, that sty wife bas beci allieted with a nervous
comp taint t her bead (stomach pataieulatiy) and in hog
bowels, for these several ritual's pest abich tendered her to.
caps* of fallowing her bu.itest. I wa" advised to ye your
Rahn of G.lead, 'then I ace ~.'slily wont to Mr. Griffith,
Printer, Ludlow, alai perehated two bottles, by which the
found great relief, whew 1 w u ham to go and purchase rao
twattlesenere, and oow, thwak t rd, I can say .he la perfectly
earn i. THOS. JAMES.

neon. GrAtA.,
T• be had of Mr, J. Mathew., Str.,nd. Lo inn.

Sold by Remlant.liamburgii R a.ch, Kter.vtreet, New.
. Tort ; and in Bath, lay liaeard ; BrurN, ItwlSio; Ittigbton, Gre-
mrt Birmingham, Knott and Lind; Bratfuri, Sundt ; Bland-
Stamens ; Bury St. Edmund', Dingle; Chtltrtrikarii,Sei.
doe; Cambridge, itortiont ; Coventry. Rell.ton; Coklie.ace„
Keyser; Canterbury, Simmons; Ca lisle. .1 ilia • Chati.a:o,
Etlacringten; Cheint.furd, Clacha. g Chafer, Poo; sod sun;
Chichester, Plullipson; Cirence•ter, Smith; Chlopenbain,
Co nem ; Dublin, Dugdale, No. 7, Ezeit-iige-essetrt ; Derby,
1.17.,`,17: Durham, Pe:tn ington ; Neale'; Iowa;
RtarailAte, Vir.ue • Deal, Masa ; D,rtoisoutlt, ja:49011 ; L.1.4*
burgh, Smith, Nort.lirldste; ENete-, Trewnaan a:id Suit; Fitt
11101.1 th, Eliiot Glow:ester, Pitt, Ws: tcer tau .w. kl•ao-
nalsi; laver,..ol, Cass, druggist; ..40,11tnisy, Hoimn ; Lin-
coln, Drewry ; Lynn, Hes/alley ; Laterite-I, Oregui, Sal thin ;
.Lawe., Ate ; ilanetewer, Thmelyeann • Margate, Rowe;
M. &tone, Walker; Martboroug Itaiul.ll: Newbury, Fuller,
Adm ; Nneca,tle. Walker, Hoigsois Northampton, Die-y;
Nottingham, iturtag-; N3rwtch, Stevenson aid Co :
Ua-
tn-d, Jones; Ply midst's, Duck, !Inland ; Portsmouth, B:larn ;
Reating, Strum and Co.; Rocbmter, Rthericgton ;
Se-gunt ; Slirewabory, F.d.lowes ; Southampton, ; Sul!
foid, Morgan; Stamford, Newcomb; Sund2rland, env ; Sa-
lsbury, C.ilms ; Sairborough, Wyk Ts antoti, P a.I ; run-
t:ridge Wel:4, Sprtnr ; ; Weyaio-th, ;
Blakeafy : and even riskactabl. M.-ttt Inc Vendor in
the Bott:es, at Half a • tea, a-v: contain-
ing f n: s wait. i..a. d.
Of WfWat teas be bad, a Nim m.eg marl, Them
Hind, p'ce o .y
sot, tmttS'r T...) lii. i.THe

Or Adv.c,C., Femal- Netvays,lly,,n
chcs.lri.c...l.l(',;nt.A..;; rite C uu•• ..iuts. Ta.• B .ok has I,e •
the la',rw• .3( man.; ex; er., Nl"' I&A .n,s.•rsatunr.
which ;a mil-114a ts.-/ ea Ih. s. ~; d•.• to Fem.e. 1 ;
as A,41 r.-stn rarants • ; ;,rd,. ra, l uric, card time who lips
toe cats sad educates's uf

OA Lisa 51st of July will bo puiriaved, price Ys. oil.
To be eitaticeed Monthly,
rINHE Lin RARY JOLTRNAL or, UNIVE
1 SAL REVIE(V of LI FF RATU It E, Domestic anti Fo-
reign, for July.
In this Number Revi,wt of the folltaring Pablicatimis will
appear among others : sus Public Wealth—
Lsing's Ilistory ..1 Scotland—Rairow's Tmvels iu Cho.—
Rietwo,u.is Corres,moleri..e...-Sclect U..rns !ram the Autione
—Lord Chatham • Letters-i-L..id Arultibed Llami.ton op the
Late and present Ad. ninie .tent—Reply to the is me--.l,,oyers
Christian Theolo.y—frelille's Tont.ction de PEneitle-•••to -
respondence da J. J. Rouvreats-••Slentells Coins de Com
graphie„ltc.
••• It is a peric.ipal ab'eet of this Review to unite original
disi unto mts I:14 the antly.i• of 'macs. Try. greet alsantages
of this pho must he ob Mu: to every Multi/nit meter • the
rule exioupie are thus ,t 0.1. e set begin him ; 041 "rx
only I= he prevented with an of rim pi:Wier:ion re-
viewed and a irrigates& on its aler.ts . but the prieei,,les uo
which this judgment a formed are at tie lame time ttufolded.
A Review w Mum 4,othi• islan i... extremely dtfereat from throe
which give the bare c..elysis tracks: It may be real with ad-
vantagr and pleasure for it. original observations, wi.at.arer Ise
the fate of the works which it reviews. As such a publication
b amasser:ye k to pt,!.. the pubic o;.inion, the utmost
,ttu .t; all pi.d ha the earinie•s of the reviews, so that they in
geoeral Kearcle those of every competitor.
A space fully equal to any other Review add for 2s 61. h
allotted to the Reviews of Hooks; including a comp:ete I..st of
New Pubheeticris, in which a summary ac-•sunt Is givci of
such w..rks as are at al worthy of votive, and yet n .t ..f suni
cient Iniportanm to demand a fall review. Several p g... air
besides reserved for the Communimtions of Cenral C err-
sporsdents on Literary Salnects, and for the important and en-
tertaining artiel- of Literary ar t Scientisc Intetligtam. As
Fureiga 8 .uks of i.nprartuau, at, 114i1C....4 front time to tan, as
they appear, 11,.. avoided and cacti numbe• home
sold at 2s. Gd. the Literary Juarual Ireoutim the cheapest
motaltly Review in Londava.
tondo,' : Not xi fit C. and R. R in, of New
street and mild by all 8 mksellers and Newsiness in Town and
Country.; whp recur: it 1.. rink' with their ether monthly
Tub! cati•orie. 'The *midterm V.!.1.4.0 May be Ref oreeilete,
st any Xesignirs.
•

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS--Fmomv, Jaw 13.
In the Appeal, Arrot o. Ker, Cordon, and
others, Mr. Alexander and Mr. Noland were heard
for the Respondents, and Mr. Romily in reply g the
judgment was postpone.) till Mondry next.. '
The Civil List Bill, Poultry Compter Gill, Irish
Promissory Note Bill, Retard of Ordnance /era ieg
Bili, and Two Private Mils, were brought from the
Commons, and read tic.: first time.
The Irish Additional Force Bill, and the Irish
County Peace Bill, were read a thud time and
passed.
The hackney Coach Stage Bill, and the 16.4
Malt Duty Bill, went through a Committee, and
k: crt ordered to be received en Monday.
Lord WALSING HAM brought up-the Report
of a private Committee on the BM! for the relief of
certain Incenthents in the city of Loudon.
The Bishop ot LONDON moved, 'that the Bill
be read a third time on Thursday next.
The LORD CHANCEL:-OR, having left the
Woolsack. said. it was the usual course, after a Bill
td been referred to a Committee, te repo: t on the al-
legations, for it to he cohimitted to a Committee of
the whole House. He declared himself a friend to
the Bill, if it could bemade reconcilable to that deli-
cate attention to private property which governed
the legislature. H: would strongly express his wish
to se.t the •maintcnance of the Clergy increased.
There was one consequence of this Bill, if it passed,
to %Well their Lordships' attention should be called.
The case of these Clergymen in London did not differ '
from that where a modus really existed, and where
their mairaenance was inadequate, from the change
of times. Would their Lordships grant a rtillef
similar to this, in all such cases? He merely threw
out these hints, that every difficulty might ibe
remcved, if that could be done ; for the Bill had his
concurrence, if it could pass without violating the ,
principles of. legi The Bill, he proposed,
should be commiue.l on Monday next.
To this the &slop of London consented. Or.
dered.-wAdjourucd to to-morrow. )1

HOUSE Of COMMONS.
The Loyalty Loan Bill was read a second time,
and ordered to be committed to-morrsw.

On the second reading of the Poultry Compiler
Regret Bill;
SPEAKER observed that, sly s7ealcing,
this was a private Bill; and, accordilSg to the ry.ag...s
of Parliament, there ought to be an interval of three
days between each stage of such Bills. But tills
Bill might in some respeas be considered of a pub-
lic satire. as its objea was to remove prisoners not
of a prison which was said to be in danger of falling
upon them. The House would therefore judge
lso‘
far it would be proper to proceed in it further on
that dal,.

On t 'notion olfSr J Jiitt ANDESSON, the House
vent IDAO a Commilee on the mu; the report w:Ls
received, and the Bill read a third time and passed.
Tl.e Y.'nolwich Ordnance Land Bill, the city of
London Force Bill, tbe AccoMptant General, Pro-
petty
Tax Bill, and the Vote of Credit Bill, were ,
committed, and ordered to be read a third time
to-morrow.

The Marriage Bill, the Land Tax Commissioners
Regulation Bill, and the Isle of Man Fisiier}• Bill,
were reported and ordered to be read a third dove
to-morrow.

Mr. ALEXANDER brought np the report of
the Committee, containing a resolution for permit-
ting Salt to be exported from Ireland to Newfound.
loud ; the same was agreed to, and on the metion
of Mr. FOSTgEt9 it was ordered that it be an in-
struction to the Committee on the Irish Revenue
Regulation Bill, to make provisions in t...e Bill pus.
suant to the said resolution.

IRISH DISTILLERIES.
Mr. HUTCHINSON prese:aed a Petition frnm.
Richard Tinier Blunt, a distil/et at Cork, 0:1 he-
half of himself and other distillers of that place,
against :be Irish Spirit Warehousing Bib. i d pr.ip
sisg that he might be heard by Counsel against the

ME. FOSTER then moved, that the Bill be read
a &ecoaii time.

. :sir. HUTCHINSON said, be should oppose the
B:il ia every stage of it. The very principle of the
measure was a violation of the A& of Union. Long
before the Union took place the distillers of Ireland
were obliged to erea large stills at a great expen,e,
and the consequence was a rapid encrease of revenue
tram distilleries. By that regulation the number of
distillers in Ireland was decreased from 1000 to WO.
The regulation misted several years before the
Union. At the time of the Union it was en-. •
&led, that all articles of manufailure corning .'
from one country to tie other, should be free of
any iither,.except the home and the countervailirg
duties thin exiting. 'I i.e Irish distiller now sat—
mined to the Huuse that, accrn,:ing to the solemn
pledge ci :rained in the of Union, no .ilteratiem
could be tirade from the praaice existing at that
time, except in the manner stated by the aft ; and
that the only way in which there would be an encrease
of duties on articles in Ireland, war, by putg a
corresponding duty upon the same articles in Great
Britain. Now. by the present Bill, the Irish distiller
would be deprived of advantages he had lung en-•
joyed; and 'Mich even the Imperial Parliament had
recognised since the Union. At use time the aft of
Union was in its progress through the Parliament of .
Ireland, no man was more ho.tile to the measure
than himself. Bet now that it was adopted, he sraa
ancients that some good might be worked out from
it. No man bad a gre..ter interest in producing
that rood, or was wee bound to do so, than the
Ri&ht Hon. Gentleman who soar the father of the
Union ; and who had pledged t imself to his country,
his King, and to the Parliament, that that Aft
should not be merely a dead letter. But instead of
the Union being followed by prosperity, every thine
bad declined; the Linen Trade, and the Pzorisieg

I

1

Trade, bad berialhaiidshed.— 1% mews Mt et
and a very large debt bad aectusidated. The in .4
nufaaurers of the country had been nearly annihi-
lated, and the-only advantage which remained was,
that enjoyed by distillers, which was now about to
be taken away. On this very sobjed, some very
hip,h legal opinions had been takes, and they were
divided. This circumstance chewed, that the case
was at least doubtful ; and as such, this measure
-aright not to be insisted upon. It was nut a regale.
tion for increasing the revenue in Ireland, hut for
conferring advantages on the English distiller, who
would not get the bounty that was about to taken
away from the Irish distillers. The latter, acing
upon the faith of Parliament, had laid nut large
capitals, in ere ling great stills, that should entitle
them to the alvantage they were now abou' to lose.
He implored the Right Hon. Gentleman opposite to
him, to consider this subjed, and to turn his thoughts
to the state of Ireland, and endeavour to relieve
that country from the disgraceful situation in which
she had long been placed. It was he who had
brought about the Union; and in doing so, he pro-
mised that great And lasting advantages would
result from it. If he proceeded upon that Aft,
and exerted himself to do away all the dis:ontents
and evils that prevailed in that country—he would
do more to rivet the interests of the empire, than
any Minister ever had done. He earnestly hoped
and trusted, the Right Hon. Gentleman would turn
his mind to the subjs.& of Ireland; and that he would
not now suffer a Bill to pass, which militated against
the engagement made with Ireland at the time of the

Mr. PITT said, the present question lay within
• very narrow corepass. He hoped the Attt of the
Union would ever be striftly adhered to, and this
Bill was no departure from it. According t, this
As. all articles brought from one country e. the
ether, should be subjeA to the same duties as if
thee had b manufaetured in the country, into
which they were brought. Now what was tne pre-
sent question? It was nothing mete than this--
that a certain drawback was allowed on spirits in
Ireland, distilled in a particular way ; but that
when Is ish spirits were brought to this country. they
should be subjen to the time duties which spirits
bare paid. According to the regulation long
. since adopted in Ireland. spirits. which were
distilled in a still of SOO gallons, received a bounty
of • per cent ; and 16 per cent. was given to spirits
distilled io stills of I,rmo gallons, on coming over
here. Th's was done to give a preference to the
larger stills ; lint the advantages seem alovred
them only in their own market. At that time, no
spirits were brought ftom Ireland to this country ;
but now, since they were brought here, he would
ask, if it was lair, that a benefit should be given in
the English market to Irish spirits, over those of
England ? This was not acting contrary to the
Union, which ma. le uo rner.:ion of such a thing.
Nothing more, indeed, was required, than that when
spirits were btlltught frorn Ireland. they should pay
the same duty here, as if they had been manufac-
tured been. Surely net!' ng could be more COnSis-
teat with the very spirit of the Union than this. He
sever was more satisfied with the justice of any
measure ; and if this was not adopted, the Fnglish
distillers would labour under a great hardship.
Dr. LAURENCE oorosed the Bill.
Mr. FRANCIS thought that the Ifou.e. instead
of debating on the stria letter of the articles of
Union. aught rather to lean with some degree of
tenderness and liberality towards Ireland.
Mr. VANSITTART supported the Bill.
Mr. ORMSBY denied that the Irish Parliament
bad been pledged to support the reeulations made
in that country; for they were varies) several times,
and enaded anew every year. The Hon. Gentle-
man, who complained rF hardshirs being imposed
on Ireland, ought to have recollefted the benefits
she was soon about to experience f-ona the Corn R..-
eulation Bill. which was now heroic the other House

of Parliament. As to the present Bill, it could not
be considered by halves. If a entails bounty was
taken away from the Irish distiller, he enjoyed the
advantage of being permitted to warehouse his
• spirits, and was thus relieved from paying an ad-
vance of duty ; and, so far from this Bill being clsjec-
• datable, be was sure it would be received by the
distillers of Ireland with gratitude.
Mr. Hurcitinson esp Lined.
_ _

Mr. SI lERIDAN observed, that the bounty had
been granted Tint only before. but ever since the
Union, to the lesh distiller. The continuance of it,
by the United Parliament, must have been con-
sidered as fulfilling the aft of Union ; and to take it
away now, was a hardship and a grieli =ICC parti-
cularly so, if the Irish distiller, relying on the faith
pledged at the Union. had increased his capital, laid
in agreat stock, and e:slarged his works. A hope
had been held out to him, that the bounty would
he continued ; and nas it fair now, to take it from
him ?
Mr. sNsITH (Member for Norwich) said he fully
agreed in what a Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Pitt)
bad so clearly stated. on the subjea of this Bal. So
far from being contrary, it was confirmable to the
AR of Union. which called on the House to pass a
Bill of the kind. It would be found, that the
Irish distillers, by this measure, would enjoy as
fair, legal. and equitable advantages as they could
expea. The House onsht to consider, that there
was a great body of men in this country equally en-
tiled to advantages with the Irish distillers. The
faith of Parliament was pledged that substantial
justice should be done to all parties ; and that no one
body should possess an unfair advantage over
another.

Mr. FOSTER said, the Irish distillers were satis-
fied they had no claim to .any bounty on the export
of spirits to this country, which never was given:a
them by any law whatever; and they were now
about to be put on a footing infinitely better than
they were on White the Union; at which period
they could not export any spiriu at all, nor wa.e.
bona any. Hitherto they were obliged to advanc:
a duty of more than double the intrinsic value of
the spirit; by potting their goods in warehouses,
they would no kiiger be oblieJ to adiaace that
money, and they would thus save a considerable in-
terest on their money. 'these were advantages
which he had long wished the distillers of Ireland
to enjoy. He was convinced the Bill was founded
on the sound principles of policy and equity; and
he was happy to observe that the House would be
atm* Raisamous la agreeing wit.

LONDON,
SATURDAY, %LT 14.

Official accounts have been received at the India
House, that the supercargoes would sot dispatch the
China fleet until a me." art-lord.
The ships were in a great state of forwardness in
their lading ; and the Mirky and Cosa, had been
completely repaired.

We have received Paris Papers to the 411 s, and
Dutch Journals to the 9th inst. Their contents will
be found in our last page.
The Alen:tear contains an article, purporting to
be an extra& from the Protest of the King of
Fa Asos, Against BON•P A ITS% assumption of the
title or I. EMPEROR of the Fasnen." We have
good reason, however. to believe that the article
is a fabrication. In our Paper of the C'th May, we
announced exclusively, that such a Protest was in-
tended by Losts the XVllltb, but circumstances
have since occurred, which have induced His MA-
UST V, with the ad►ice of his Royal-Relatives, to
postpone the publication of this ♦B. until the present

dificicaces between France ar.d Russi. shall hive

come to an issue.

Letters from Leghorn, of the I`..'th of June, in-
serte.l in the .Ifasitetir of the 2Fith ult. mention th4t
the Mameltibt.g, on tiv.! C. 3.1 last March, not only
retrieved their former loves, but dPicated the united
furks and Arnauts, killed tOOO of them, and forced
the remainder to shut t;!ettnelves up at Clirta,
where they are now blockaded by 12,003 uttned
Mamelukt.s, Bedouins, and Fcllahs, who, it it. sup.
pored, will soon be masters of the capital of Egypt.

The wretchedness of oar age and of ages to come,
dates from the 14th of .70ly, 1739. Since that pe-
riod, France has r.ever ceased to be in a state of
hostility and permanent conspiracy against the
whole of Europe, and consequently d• Oily at war
with it. If, under the name of pence, we expe-
rience all the plots, agitations, and injuries of -.var.
we are at war, let what will be said of it, and not at
peace. Here ends all sophistry. These questions
must be decided by history, and not by law books:
Gazettes are here surer guides than civilians. But
this uninterrupted warfare of rebellion against loy-
alty, is not the only scourge of this ominous day.
Atheists have undermined religious notions, wiit the
same audacity and impunity, as corrupted sophists
have perverted all moral principles. A contusion
of ideas, concerning right and wrong, concerning
liberty and slavery, rank and equality, property
and poverty, has been introduced by dangerous in-
novators, in a manner that success is almost be-
come synonimous with virtue, power with merit,
misfortune with crime, poverty with vice. Respect
to persons and property, and love of ii,etiont, are
talked of in countries, where every man's ptoperty
has been plundered or laid under clntribution, and
where 9-10ths of the inhabitants have, within some
few years, been taught, by turns, in the republi-
can dungeons, what is meant by revolutionary li-
berty ; and, notwithstanding, not only they, but
weak and wicked, ignorant or ambitions, fanatical
or treacherous subjeas of most other states, have
continued to exclaim : Glory to the 14th of July."
Have we not for years heard and read of meetings
to celebrate the taking of the Bastille, by disap-
pointed faaions, or by aspiring conspirators every
where? And on the day this state prison was broke
open, that is to say, at a junaure, when so many sedi-
tious praaices, pleb, libels, and dangers, might have
induced the tlinisters of Loots XVI. to have had re-
course to that means of repressing its enemies ; there
were but rive prisoners found in it. Of these, three
were guilty of monstrous crimes ; which, from their
nature, were deemed dangerous to be made public.
The other two, had t'.ey been arraigned in a court
of justice, would have been much more severely
punished. It was, no doubt, an abuse to remove
them from their proper judges; but k was
an abuse, that had not fallen on lawns, siciinis,
as it is still echoed by fouls or traitors. Nei-
ther of these state prisoners, nor their friends,
dared to make use of their Ebert'', of the
anarchy that prevailed, and of the protection of
the Constituent Assembly, to apply for an inquiry.
a legal trial and indemnification, although this
assembly encouraged them to it, by appointing a
Committee cf !stuns-de-Cathet, at which the in-
famous Mia • SEM, presided. Can we believe, that
if there had been any innocent persons among the
prisoners, who were set at liberty, the Court
would have escaped from being solemnly accused
of the injustice it had committed ? Would not such
an as have been tneationed by the assassins of Lot is
XVI. and of MARIA ANTOINETTE, on the mock
trials of these unfortunate Sovereigns?
We have been induced to make,these remarks, on
remembering the scandalous and ridiculous scenes
we witnessed two years ago, in the farce which Sir
FR ANON Buanerr canted to be exhibited in our
streets, and in our squares. in the Strand, in Picca-
dilly, as well as at Brentford, where the words—
., No BAUILLLI" were the motto of his principin,'
his objea, and his views. We intrcat this mis-
guided young man to remember that, according to
the registers of the Bastille, published by the
French rebels in t 799, there had been confined in
that prison, so decried, only 300 persons in the
course of three centuries; while, since Republican
tyrants in Frazee have usurped authority, the Re.
publican state prison, the Temple, has ~fy con-
tained more than double the number, not counting
the thousands of victims confined in the hundreds
of other republican state prisons all over France.
The first ad of the French lovers of liberty, after
the Bastille had opened its gates, on the 14th cf
July, 1739, was to murder without trials, ant! to
carry heads upon pikes round the streets of Paris,
as peleals of French and Republican patriotism ; as
the Aurora of a revolutionary reign. On the same
day, in the next year, hypocrisy was added to fero-
city. 'FALL cyclists, then an unworthy Bishop
of Aunts, in his capacity of a revolutionary pa-
triarch, was appointed by the municipality of Paris
to officiate pacifically is the splendid ceremony of

the National Confederation, zoo.. the 14th of Joh,
1730, in the Champ de He appeared at the
head of more than two hundred priests, dressed is
white linen, and adorned with tri-colonted ribbons•
When about to olEciate, a • sierra cattle on, aecota.
panied by a deluge of , rain: He proceed,44
hr a
ever, iu the celellration of the mass, without any re-
gard to that warning event ; and afterwuds pro.
nounced a benedinion upon the royal stanlard of
France, called the Orlfame, and upon the eiglri,
three banners of the depottments, which wared
fore the altar of the country. What a priest! all.;
a benediction ! what an altar !

On the 14th of July, 1792, ancotherlederatinn ~.at
decreed, and the virtuous Lot;ii kV!: was forced to
be present ; though he knew he should be insulted by
the rebels plotting the 104 h of August. This pstrietir
King heard around liim every where, " roe Atio.!
Door,: sht Copcts ! tie Bourbon: a I.: I.'
which, in cruel mockery, was added, " Vire la Li.
lerti !" by treacherous and revolted subjeas, who
kep: their own Sovereign a prisoner.

The levy in mass was agreed on wi:h the federates
of the 14th of July, 1795; and, on the SAM: day cf
1794, hymns were sung to the C sddess of Lettat
for the success of the armies of like►ev ! At thu
period the French republican state prisons contain.
ed 250,000 tutpefird families. and a hundred insoce-t
persons of both sexes perished daily, either by the
guillotine, or by drowning or shooting. The fetes
on this day liar., ever since been more or less
liant, Lut always some revolutionary ceremaiss
have taken place. BonAAAarx has followed the
examples of his predecessors, but with less re►olu-
tionary zeal ; desiring. if possible, to exchange the
lath of Brumaire, or 9th of November, th day of
his usurpation, for the 14th of July. Even on the
14th of July, ISuO, when the celebration of the
tory:of Marengo, obtained one month before, to:k
place, there was observed a niggardliness in the es-
ponces to amuse the public, compared to the wore
of the fetes and treats given in the time of the Ds.
rectory. His ceronation as a revolutionary Elr.
peror, his accomplice:. the French caalcr►s of i.•
berty and rebellion wished to be performed th
day ; but Le has put it off, probably to the annire-•
stay of his tyranr.y. It would, in fad, lie a curious
masquerade to hear siares s•.irrounded by bayonet:,
amidst prisons crowded with vidims, an.i scaioh:s
reeking with the blood of innocents, sins hymns to
liberty and equality ! This is what F.aece bar
gained by the insurredion of this day fifteen yens
since; no less than three millioas of her best
zens have been batcheted or killed by the reptsb.
Lean tyrants at home, or by fureign foes :thread.
After having exchanged the paternal g wernmert
of a lawful KING for the tyranny of a foreign poi.
loner and assassin, the Fs ench rebellion has ended
as all rebellions have done—in the most abjea and
vilest slavery. Glory to the 14th of July !!!

Account, have been received at Lloyd's, that a
Dutch Admiral, with three sail of the line, wAs
the Cape of Good Hope on the llth of April. ra
ships were much in want of meo, and otherwise in
no condition to put to sea.

Private letters, brought by the Danish ship
Priscers 1, Imisi -4vrusts. arrived off Dover. state.
that she lett China the 9th J.sonary last ; that the
East India fleet %Vete nef to lie divaetrhertr.),
till news of the enetny's staaairon had hen re-
ceived, which was. hourly expeaed. No inte::i-
ge:.ce had been In:night of L t motes seeadronbe;•l
ut C..t- Chinese Seas. A rpre:lensions for the ciffir
Gt. the IY•oijoid. were e.ttertained. as s'.:e hid
arrived when this ship sailed. As she was v. J.r
convoy of a ship of war, those fears are prouti;:.
without foundation.

Extra& of a Letter from Canton, dated the ;,•:h
of January, 1804.—u The East Indiamen 71Ed
Country-ships will not leave China till the Ist ci ^••
bruary ; the names of the Country ships are, the
Carron, Kir 11.14r0, Arrler,ra, Mirrored, R.
Charlotte, Droid Scar, and the Frmsdshrp. for Rots.
bay; Relit, from Botany Bay ; Nrp gyve and C'tlr•
sell. for Madras ; /tbdkv-km, and Lori Castlerelr.
for ditto and Bombay, and 16 East India Company's

Yesterday the Citsticst.t.on of the ElenaOm
received the biddings for the first of the three Lot-
teries for the present year : it is to consist of 45.00
tickets. •id be drawn on the 24th of Septembers
the part.c...ffered per Ticket as under :

. .
L. e. 0.
li•lsley 14 1! 6
C.--e `4 6 0
11 ji .14 5 0
S Ire .1,
The p.,yrnents are to be as ender :
Juhr 17, Depos.t 1 13 0
Aupast 30.
S. teal Ye, 4.
--.... 20, 5 10 0

L 1♦ i; 6

- -
No competitor has yet pub?•cly declated hi io-
tention to dispute the repre,enistion of Sliddlesa
with Sir Faimcis BUIWZ TT. The friends of the
Baronet are. however. afraid that there is a secret
canvass carried on against bins, as. sorwithetaadiag
all his address and solicitation. he has reap" II
plentiful harvest of refusals.

Thurslay morning dispatches were rece:T'l
the Aimiralty from AJmiral antoi.oa. cm*
in of the Teed. They are d.steJ t! bth instant. d
which time the ships in that harb...ur
same state as usual. A M avenger was idle:B44ll
seat to Lord M&LVILL4 a Wimbledua.
