WEST INDIA CORPORATION BILL.

...
Mr. MANNING moved the order of the day for the second
reading of the West India Corporation Bill.
Mr. HLTSKISSON did not know but the Honourable Member I
might have good reason for wishing to bring in this Bill; but for
himself, he saw no reason to take this matter out of the ordinary
way of granting charters, namely, from the King in Conned. The
Crown should be applied to in the first instance, and in case of
refusal, to apply to the Legislator& He saw no reason for de-
porting from the ordinary mode of proceeding, and should there-
fore oppose the Bill.
' Mr. rA.LIS (Coventry). The object he had in view was mere-
ly to have the Bill dispoied of in one form or another.
3lr. SYKES wished the postponement of the second reading of
the Bill. Ile did not object to it b.nutise it was called a juggle
between certain parties; but hr thought, if it Were to protect parties
who made bad bargains, he should oppose their .zing indemnified
hy • vote of this House. If tour millions were laid out in projects
of a precarious nature, the ranks lending should look to them-
selves, and should Ise made !table to titeir debts ; no Act of Parlia-
ment shottW shelter them from that resporsitility to which the
lender's thought them liable. When the %fist India body raised
money on the faith of individual responsibility, an Act of Parlia-
ment should not screen them from it. and that at a subsequent pe-
riod. The private trade should not be put under the potter of a
corporate body, with a capital of four millions of money. 3lono-
poly would follow, and the mercantile itherest sufl'o in proportion.
rhe object of our policy now was to ti the trade as open as we
could : this Bill would go the length to restrict it—nay, more, it
would go in its effect to perpetuate negro slavery. The shares of
this body were to be to the amoont of fitly thousand • and when
tau millions of money were spent in this way, it would go to enlist
forty thousand people against the liberatiur. of the unfortunate ne-
groes. 'What was the necessity for this body ? If they WUrtteli
money, and had security, they could get it, and had no need of a
company. like that now sought to be formed by this Bill. The ob-
ject ado.% Corporation was not what it pretended to be, for public
works or other useful objects ; its plan was deep. its inter.t obvious,
to enlist in the West Indian interest forty thousand people in conti-
nuing the present West India system. The Honourable :11eitiber
concluded by moving that the second resoling of the Bill should
take place this day six months.
Mr. GIIENFELL said, the condition of the negroes in the West
Indies was always near to his heart ; ard if he thought the object of
this Bill was to interfere improperly with the slave population of
Ireland (hear, and a laugh,)--of the West Indies, he would be the
last man to give it his support.
I Alt, T. 11 ILSON said the West Indian interest was now under
, a cloud, and it would rut be wells if the \Vest India planter was
obliged to go about to fool; for thor.ey. If tins Company were in-
