MILITARY PROMOTIONS.

frar-OlNce, May I, 18111
2.1 R. flavor it/ Life Goarda—Major R. W. 11 Wowsril
Vro. fro n the 10 Weil India Regiment, lo hr MAjor.
vow the Hun 14.1ny Edward Irby, who exchangLa--daled

February 4, TAW.
2.1 yr Dragoon Guards—Frederick William Cul.
ling Smith. F.q. Page of Honour I • the Prince Itrgent, to
ho Cornet, a ithont purchase, vice Broderick, demised—

dated April 21,1819..
4th Ilevourat of Light Pratonns—Ciaplain Hobert Kerr.
1.. m ihrlipay of use 14th Fuut, to hr. IP.ssusaArr, vire
Pattiekouts, placed WI half pay—dated March 17,

Hl9.
Bth Regiment of Dragoons—Cornet riederith Richardson,
from the half.pad• of the 21.1 Licht Maroons, to he rim-
licf, sire Sir Joprph Radcliffe, Batt. who excliamp.m—
dated April 22, 1819.
11th 11.1immit t.f Licht Dragoons— -I.ientesimit James
Moore to be t'aptaio of a Troop, by purchase. sire Chil-
ders, promoted in the 86th roof—dated April IS, 1819.
Cot net Metier! Iliillingisorth to be Lieutrnauf, by purchase,

vie* Moore—dated as above.
Timms. Oliver Farts idge, Gent. to lie Cornet, by purchase,
vice Hollingworils—dated a. allot..
18th ditto—. Ensign Choate Hay Sion, from the 324 Foos,
to lw COJltlitt, rice 111114 also 11111C1131101-..ddited April 22,
1819.
2410. ditto—Liesteromi Thomas Lee, nom the 87th Foul, to
be Lieutenant, vire Robert Junes, who exchanges—slated
September 10, 1518.
Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards—Lieutenant deeper
fsoin the lialf.pay of the lingirmies, to br Ensimi
mid Lieutenant, vice James Worry, who exchange., re.
ceiviog the J.A'ereact—dalul April 15, 1819.
7th Regiment of Foot—Captain Itrabagon Pitney, from
half pay of the 6711. Font, to be Captain of a Company,
Gee t% ilham Meadows Hamerton, *ho exchanges, recriv-
isor the difference-4MM April 22, 1519.
Lioui. giant George Sy/reline, from the bait-pay of the Regi.
lb be Licoteimui, vice John Browoiluw, who ro-
t lunges, el ctivialg the difference—dated as above.
15th elitio—Lieutenant Themes Honour, (rum half pay 34
Foul Guards, to be LiPlliestant, vice John Carroll, who re-
ckoner.", fl riving the difference--date.l April 15, 1819.
link sloto—S. coma Lieutenant John Ward. 11, from the 24
Cqlou Regiment, to be Lieutenant, allhont purchase,
vier Hatherley, deceased—dated August 1, 1818.
John Henry Lea is,Geut. to he Fmsi(n, without ruchaae,
met Barnes, promoted in the 73.1 fout—datril April 1.5,
1519.
21.5 ditto—Major John Thomas Leahy, NM halrpay of
the 711. Foot, to be Major, vice Alexander 'rom Rum,
star exchasges—dat.d April 22, 18W.
933 t'lts—EurtewJohuYuwrllMatthews,fromhalfpaynftbe
141 h Froo, to be Second Lieutenant, vice Thomas Hoillie,
who rechangesi—dated April 15, 18111.
2111. ditto—Captain Robert &own, front half-pay of the
3411. Foot, to be Captain of a Comp sn%, vice E. G.
Smitb, who earliangea, receiving the diiimence—dated
Seidenther 17, 1818.
F.nsive B. I:accord to ha Lieutenant, without porcine, vim
Mating, deceased—dated Sept' miser 10, )818.
To br F.nsigna, without purchase—Alexander Dimon, Gent.
vice Hawkins, appointed to the Honourable 11w Earl India
Conipauy's Serviem—datedSeptember 15, 1818; and
Pitmen.' Campbell, Gehl. vice Everard—dated September
16, 1818.
3011. alto—Licutenant Atkinson, from kalf-pay of
the Regiment, to be Adjutant and Lieutenant, vice
meirbeution,derea,rd.—dated J•ly 15, 1818
31st ditto—Lieutenant %Tinian. Stanhope Taylor, Iron+ the
hale-pry of the 371 h Coot, lu be Lieutenant, vice George
ALCuilork, who exchanges, receiving the diFfereuce—
ilated April 12, 1819.
324 ditto—Count Outlives, from the 18th Light Drelimmor
to hr Ensign, vice Scion, who esehairgeo—dated an shove.
34th ditto—Captain Thomas Price, from the half-pay of the
54.1 root, to be Captain of a Company, vine Richard
*My, who exchanges, receiving the difference—doted
August 25,1818
36;1..1.11..—Lieutenant Fabian, Lewis, from the half pay of
11w Regiment, to be Lieutenant, vice William Tunisian,
who achouge., rut eimog the difference—dated April 21,
Isl 9.
4611. ditto--Lieulmoot !limy Stuart, from the 86th Font,
6.$ is. Li...411,1141M, vice Nunn, who exchaugesw—deted
. AlgElt•l 25, 1818.
Thomas tours II in be Lieutenant, with.
oui I.u. chase, v ire 6e...1411, it. r. asrsl—olalrli 3111,29, 1017.
f. 3.1 dill,,—Lieutenant Cove William% to he Caimans of a
Company, cuilowt purchase, rice Parker, drurriesl-
- Alsgo-I IS. 1818.
tifloh Lieuttemitt.Colnorl Michael Chiblem,
I.uiw the Mb Light Ong iiiiii a, to he Major, by purchase,
roc Pour er who o,—dated Ap.il 15, 1819.
0111 dditr—Lirostrumul G. F. Madders, Cum half pay of 11w
9111 Fool, to he Lieutenant, vire James Bukelt, who ex.
. Wog. s.--dated August 25, ISIS.

73d 'lotto.
10 Ise lieett oasts, sithilut piiirhase—Ensiens Mark Lid-
., to, vice llirelriilge, a bit re.ivis; dalrd Atsgovt 7, Iftla
—James Bans., ['rum 1911. Foul, vier llobales, deteserd;
Oriobea 7, 1815—and C.Jsaales trivia, from the 53.1
1 nut, t ice I.tilarll, dreearill—dated October ft, ISIS.
To br %likens. purchase--Grutleasam Cadet James
noskruss from the 11..yal Military Collate, vire Litlsvell,
1.--ilaird April 15, 11/10.
Sja .111'1.-1:moot like Bourn, site Smith, h.crated, to
be los lib mans, aillw.ut purrhast —dated Auguet 4, 1019.
u 6r Lesiva., a ith.tut r... 1 hare --Mt.berl Graham les ddi
G. at. vier Organ—dash d April 13, 1619; Brook Tonsil!,
sitr biros, itivelv'ed to floe 73e1 Feut--4oted Apret

Ttit MiI:FISH PitigS S.

LON DON.
MONDAY. MAY 3. SSI9.

We have received the Paris Papers of iVeduesday
and 'Thursday. The proposed law, relative to the
mode or prosecuting the offences of the Press, con-
tinues to occupy the attention of the Chamber of
Deputies, in which it produced a stormy debate on
the 28iii. The PRESIDENT rung his hell to no
purpose. The Members rose front their seats to
leave the Chamber. All was tumult and confusion.
Order was at last obtained, sufficient to put the
question of adjournment to the next day; and the
Chamber being equally divided, the PIISIDSNT
gave his 'casting vote in favour of the motion.
The Chamber of Peers has examined in its bu.
reaux the pr4et de loi, fur repressing the offeuces
of the prise, hut after this examination, instead
of opening the discussion, it appointed a special
Committee of five, to iiivestigate the law with
more particular attentino. The Committee which
were charged • few days since to consider of the
proposition for substitutisig another punishment in
the place of deportations which said to be attend-
ed with difficulties in tile execution, have not sc.
quiesced in the propriety of the resolution, but
base recommended an address to the king for a
law more effectually to enforce the execution of de-
portation in the mode already prescribed. This
report gave rise to a discussion which, after three
Metathesis had delivered their opinions, was adjourn.
ed to Saturday.
The French Five per Cents. were nn Tuesday
66 fr. 80 c.—Yank Stuck 1,500 fr. flu 11'edoe►-
day the 101111 Cf rtmaiued stationary, Lut the latter
fell to 1,494

A Flanders 11><ail arrived hot night with Papers
to the 30th ult. The ridiculous plot iu favour of
BoNAvsture proceeds slowly, but uninterruptedly,
in the Court of Assize at Brussels. The following
is Ills rxtruct from these Papers :--
SECOND CIIA3IBER OP THE STATES GENERAL,

APRIL 47.

The Order of the Day was the distussion of the proposed
lows respecting the duties on wine, vinegar, mud beer, dia.
idled liquors of house insiiiifacture, and those of foreign
countries. They stem all agreed 10, except that 011
distilled liquors of home tuaiiiif..eture, which was rejected
Ise 33 soles to 33. The most distinguished speakers declared
it ruinous In the distilleries, mad highly injurious Is
agti-
culture.

In another fold or OUT Palm Will be Nowt II
copy of the Alemorial to the Bishop Or CLOGNER,
from the Protestant Inhabitants of Castlehlayiwy,
in the comity of Monaghan, stated on Tuesday
by Sir JOHN N PORT, in the House Of Common.,
on moving for a copy of the Returns of the Irish
Resident Clergy, for the last five years. The
Noblemen who coutmorlicated this interesting do•

content to the worthy i 4 L rcl ntIYNT.Y.
urn whose respectable iiiiiliorify we hate in add,
that the Bo.hop 'mill no attention to their
remonstrance, the Meisinrialista almost entirely
deserted the parish church, and jclitted other recto,
ur embraced the Catholic religion.

This night the cause of our Catholic frllow•sub-
.lects will be decided by the new Parliament. The
foe of the peace of Ireland, drps•nd in
• great measure upon the decision of this import-
ant night. We may this night, with safety awl
with honour, follow the example that has been

set by .other nations ; we may break the chains
that dark and mistaken times had forged for men-

kind. Is it not humiliating to think that whilst
the enlightened nations of the earth have destroyed
even the remembrance of intolerance amongst
them—that whilst Americo, France, and other
countries, have established the full freedom of
conscience, have destroyed every odious distinc-
tion between man and man, giving equal rights
end liberties to all—England alone reisissir.s un-

.•
influenced by the resew, rimmed by the future—
cherishing in her bosons the seeds of dissection,
and the elements of slavery—acting upon a prin-
ciple that would rob millions of their dearest rights,
upon an assumption that they might he dangerous if
they were free ? Why amine that the Catholics are
dangerous ? Is it because they fought our battles ?
is ►t because that in life and in death they have
given the last proof of their loyalty sold their
devotion? but if you give them liberty, you
make them dangerous and disloyal. ‘Vliat !
you lift them up from their prostrate state—you
clothe them with the rights of British subjects—
you give them liberty—you give them motive to
love the Constitution and to support the Go-
vernment, and then you say they will destroy
th.it liberty, they will blast the fair hopes of
their country, of themselves, and their posterity !
And for what will they part with all that can
mike life desirable? for the influence of Rome,
which the Catholics on their solemn oaths have
disclaimed. No; if the Catholics are still to
be denied the rights of men—if they are still to
be oppressed, let their adversaries throw of the
malt—let them say as they feel, " We hate you,
because we have injured you—we will keep you
in bondage, because we hate you." Let them
act thus, they will at least lie mobil ; but let
them nut attempt to justify their injustice by ins-
pitting crimes to the sufferers which their hearts
abhor, and every action of their lives refutes.—
They talk of Catholic influence and of Catholic
power; neither could exist if Catholic liberty were
established. Catholics would mix with their fellow
men ; like all others, they would embrace their
different views and different parties, as opinion, as
interest, or as virtue would prompt them. They
would cease to be a distinct body iis the State; the
name of the sectarian would be lost in the more
general, and the more generous name of the citi-
zen. They are at present a separate body ; are
they blameful for this ? no ; they have been lite-
rally driven from society. The law has proscribed
them as a degraded rod inferior class; it has care-
fully excluded them from every liberal pursuit, and
every gratifying honour. What then is more na-
tural than to see them commune with each
other ; to see them sympathise in each others mis-
fortunes, and to herr them complain of their com-
mon wrongs ? But if this connexion be offensive,
again we say, remove the cause ; emancipate the
Catholics, and you destroy them as a body. But
we clothe the Catholic■ with power. No, you clothe
them with liberty; you rise them to an equality
with their fellow-subjects; you restore to the Sove-
reign the prerogative I►e has lost; you give him
power to confer honours amid distinctions m► all his
subjects. Is this dangerous?—must the Constitu-
tion fall because the Sovereign of this Empire may
have the power of rewarding with public honours
the faithfnl servant of the public ?
But the Catholics will get into Parliament.
%Veil, suppose they do; how many Catholic* would
be returned to Parliament in the event of Emanei•
patios ? Nut four for England—not six for Ire.
land. Here are ten individuals, not to be assailed
by influence, not to be fascinated by ambition—
siug►►lar and solitary beings, they will brood over
the ruins of their monasteries, and piously deter-
mine to destroy the Coustitutiun of their country !
Amid when it is considered that these ten maniacs
are °plowed to son►e six or seven hundred en-
lightened Senators, and to the whole power of the
empire, it certainly must follow that they will
undermine the foiandation of our liberties ! It is
really tiresome to follow the absurd pretences under
which bigotry attempts to colour its injustice.

The Trincomalee (new) frigate, Capt. Bnincra,
was paid off nu Tuesday. She was brought home
by the crew of the Challenger, that ship having been
laid up at Trinctrualee.
The Wye, 26, Cspt. AV' 1.1.E5, has captured and
sent into Harwich, oil Monday last, the Dutch
smuggling cotter Vrore Harriet. with her cargo of
hollatids, which she could not throw overboard,
iu
the calitst of a tong chase, from the severity of the
weather.
Capt. .1. W. MONTAGU has commissioned the
Brad: (new) 10, the Cadadis hring found defective.
Lieut. B. A I.PIN. Mr. Lulu LITTLE, Surgeon,
Mr. D. 'hems, Master—to the Hind. Mr. W.
Wuus (al' Portsea), t• be Purser of the Ngeria.
•ice 'lstvan E, sick.

qtbAts o -
10,
f 7 011%

FASMOYARL r: P.4RTIEr

III!. VIIILNI.O.
The Mirage, Marehismess of 1-ansitown will give a grand
rout at her lonise in Albemarle-street.
Lady Codringtosi will give a large rant at tier house in
Charles.aireeti herlieli:v.apiare
Mix. Moulin, will have a large misembly at her house in
New.street. Sprisig.gardena.
Laity C. Martians will give a splendid rout at Iser lonise in
Quern Anne-street.
Laity 4/Insley will have an elegant assembly at her house
in Ilriiiiin-street, fterkeley.square.
Mrs. Bushby will give a grand rout in Great Cumberland.
plate.
Miner Esterhagy u ill entirtain a large party of dislinctiun
this day at Cluintlos•lnnise.

TO MORROW.

The Duke and Duchess of Wellington will entertain a
large party of distinction at Apaley House
Mrs. Calvert will give a grand ball and supper in Alto-
marle.iiireet
General and Mrs. Ross's party, Portlaod.place.
WED'S CIDAY.
The Archbishop of York entertains a large party of dia.
Cartier§ at his house in Grosvennr.ssrare.
The !hike of .Montrose will give a grand entertainment to
a large party of distinction, at his residence is Grosvenor-
square. se
The Marquis of Camden ent►rtains a large party of dis-
t:Mellon. at his I r w Arlingtori.allreel iin tire ea ening
her lairlyship will give a iplea4l.l rout.
Lord Prire will have a large dinner party at his house in
Lower Bruuk-slur t.

THURSDAY.
The Marchioness of Saloihery will have a grand assewibly
at hie house in Arlington-street.
Sir E. Cialringom. Bart. will give a grand entertainment
to a large party of distinguished personages, at his house in
Charles street, Berkeley-square.
SATURDAY.
The Marrpiis and Marchioness of Bath will give a grand
entertainment to a large party of distinguished personages,
at their house in Geoseesior.smiare.
Count and Countess Livens will entertain a distilignished
party, at their house in Harley street.
The Right Hon. Cherie. Long will give n grand enter.
liniment to a large party of distinction, at his residence,
Whitehall.
Lady Castlereagh will glee an elegant supper, after the
opera, to a large party of fashiunables, at bee house au St.
James's-square.
Earl Flizwilliam will have a large dinner party, at his
house in Grinventir square.
The Marquis and Nlareltionen of Stafford will have a
large dinner party at Cleveland House.
The Earl of Mu'grave will give a grand Cabinet dinner at
his house in Harley-street.
The Earl of Inn nlvy will entertain the Directors of the
Ancient Music with a grand dinner at his house, Berkeley.
sq %Mt.

Lady Castlereagh entertained a large party of fasitionables
on Saturday, after the Opera, with a supper, at her house in
St. James's-square; among whom were, the Persian Andras.
parlor, the pokes of Wellington sad San Carlos. Count and
Countess Lieven, the Marchioness of Salisbury, Lord
anti
Lady Stewart, she Countess of Jersey, Lord and Lady Fal-
mouth, Count and Countess Dr Lacy. Earl of Westmorland,
Lord Ancram, Lord and lady Grantham, kc.
The Duchess of Gloucester will have • grand assembly on
the 10th of June, at Gloucester.honse.
The Ambassador from the Netherlands will give an ele.
gent entertainnitut to • large party of distinguished per.
'images on the 11111 of June, at his house Whitehall-place.
The Earl of Carssarvon gives • grand ball on the 24th
instant.
The Countess of Limerick has issued cards of invitation
for a grand quadrille ball on the 27th of June at her hoarse
in Mausfield-street.
The Duke of Norfolk gave an elegant entertainment yea.
terday to the Earl of Albemarle, Lord and lady Wm. Be..
thick, the Earl and Countess of Surrey, Lord Bradford, Lord
Crew, the Bishop of Norwich, Mr. and Miss Coke, and
several other distinguished personages, at his residence is
St. James's-square.
Lord Castlereagh gave a grand dinner yesterday to a 110.
merons party of the Member• ut both Houses of Parlia-
ment, at his house in St. James's-square.
The Earl and COIIOOIII of Pembroke entertained a large
party of distinction on Saturday, and another party yester-
day, at their house so Privy-gardens.
The Earl and Countess of Derby entertained a large party
of fashionable. on Saturday, at their holm in Grosvenor.
square.
The Marquis and Marchioness of l.ansdnwn bad • large
party of distinction at dinner yesterday. at LansAnwn House.
Countess Grey had an elegant assembly yesterday ',cuing,
at her residence, lii Purtmau-square.
