DUTCH MAIL

•.• .. •
MAYO, JAIIVAItreIL
His Serest Highness the Duke of Naiad .bye
arrived here. _ .

MU LLIN, .113111411aT 1111.
The English Major-General Bailey betifreived
here front Hanover.
FRANKFORT, JANUARY 20.
Accounts from Trieste, of the sth January, say
that in Livadia and Attics the Greeks still make
but little progress. Lindh' and Athens, the capi-
tal lowa., as well as the castle of Lepanto, have
Turkish garrisons. Notwithstanding the repeated
victories of Odysseus, the Greeks do not possess in
Thessaly any town of importance. The Turks who
defend Larissa appear to be still strong enough to
repulse the repeated attacks of the Greeks. Seve-
ral detticte
.in that province have declared them.
selves independent, and gives each other hostages
as security, beff Ahem ututtal direitts. suffer
mach from the eietiondieg portico eft litir Greeks.
In Madeconie the Gretlis *sent soy
firm footing since the 100 c the... 94 4 plelea-
dra. In Epirus things remain in the Atilt
lion. Cliorshid Pacha continues to besieger
nine, and leaves the insurgents at liberty to besiege
the fortresses on the sea-side. On both sides the
war is carrieit on with great rumour. Coetillerce
and agricultiffire4pAtiot to be thought of.
.1.41 is VIIINNA, JANUARY IS.
An official seem* has been published at Co..
stantinople of rffiltlffitg of Cassandra by lasoosbeg,
Streakier of the Turkeh army, after he bad be-
sieged it fear mouths. fired above 25,000 balls at the
works; mad lost many of Ws bravest soldiers. The
Greekelsere taken by surprise, made but a slight
resistan and lost in a moment the fruits of long
labours.: As soon as the town was taken, 3,000
Greek ishabitents were cruelly murdered by the
Turks ; all the fugitives, whom they could overtake,
and all those who had surrendered, were beheaded
the next day, and the women with the chihlren
ender twelve years of age carried off as slaves.
The numberof Greeks killed or carried into slavery
amounted to 10,000. The Turks berated of their
heroism in having set fire to all the neighbouring
villages end even to the trees. Thus it seems that
the Turks do not at all yield to the Greeks in
eraelly.—[We hear no more of the compare% of the
.Peekontla or expulsitso of the Turks tree it.j—
-i DeseA Arpin, Joinery 26.1
