DRURY-LANE THEATRE.

This Evening, TUESDAY, May 9, will be performed the
Grand Romantic Opera, called
ALADDIN.

The principal Characters bybiess----M. Sinclair, Horn, Browne, Bedford,
G. Smith, and Harley; Misses Stephens, Cubitt, and PoYey; Elm. Davi-
son, and a young Lady.
To conclude with the Farce of
A ROLAND FOR AN OLIVER.

Mb Mark Chase, Mr. Dowum ; Alfred Hiithfiyer, Mr. Browne; FLatasa.
Mr. J. Russell. Mast& Dar:lngtoo, Miss Foote.

• DRURY-LANE THEATRE.
FOlt THE BENEFIT OF BIls!i FOOTE,
And the La,t Nioht of her Performing in Landon this Season.
To-morrow Evening, WEDNESDAY, May 10, will be acted the Play of
C MOP:LINE.
Posthumus Leonatue, Mr. Macready ; lachlmo, Mr. Bennett; Imogene,
Bliss Poole.

• After wltterthlr Petite Comedy of
BIATRIMODit.
Delattl, Mr. Maeteady ; Clara, MI., Foote.
The whrle to conclude l 4 Ith the Musical Farce of
THE HIGHLAND REEL.
Shelly, Mr. Harley ; Moggy 314;11phi ;hit time), spas Toot..

COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.
MN Evening, TVESDAY, May 9, will be performed Hie Grand
Romantic and Fairy Opera of
OBERON ; or, THE ELF-KING'S OATH.
. .

The principal Characiers by Messrs. Braham, Cooper, Donner, C.
Bland, .1. Isaacs, and Baker; Ilisses Paton, H. Calm; Madame Vett-
tris, Mrs. Vining, and Mrs. Davenport.
After which (Sd time; a new Farce, called
THREE DFEP • or, ALL ON THF. WING

The principal Characters by Mews. Junes, Farley, and Keeley; Misses
Henry, Jones, and Love ; and Mrs. Davenport.

The BRIT tug Pius commenced publishing yestetday morn.
ins at 9ve o'clock.

LONDON, TUESDAY, MAY 9, IBM

The French Journalists continue to make remarks on
the number of officers in the French army who have lately
thrown up their commissions. They attribute the circum-
stance to the new system adopted in making promotions,
ani to the all-parading influence of the Jesuits, who have
introduced a Chaplain of their own orer into the staff of
every regiment, with pay to each equal in amount to that
of three Captains. The scarcity of money in Paris at the
present moment is obvious, from the fact that more than
half a million sterling was advanced by the Mont de Piete
on goals pledged in the month of April alone.
An Officer of Health at Ilyeres has been tried before the
Correctional Court of Toulon, for permitting a number of
letters from a Greek vessel to be landed while she continued
in quarantine. Some of the letters were addressed to Ctrs-
TE.WLIRIAND, the Duke de CHOISEUL. and the Aid-de-
Camp of the Duke of Ont. F. Ns. The Officer was acquitted.
The Government of Piedmont has given orders to erect
on the Jubilee an altar in Turin, before the Palace, in the
Piazza del Castello, where the troops will be required to
renew their oath of allegiance to his Sardinian Majesty.
The continued resistance of Missolonghi is proved from
a variety of quarters ; but the whole of the news contained
in the French Papers cannot, we fear, be implicitly relied
on, such as the asserted advance of Fabrier and Gouras,
and the death of Ibrahim. _ _ .

A conspiracy has lately been discovered in Beryls, the
object of which was to excite an insurrection against the
Turkish Government. This is important, from the ac-
counts lately received of the designs of Austria on that
province.
By the last accounts from Odessa it appears that com-
merce is there in a state of complete stagnation, in con-
sequence, principally, of the low price of corn in most of
the maritime countries of Europe.
The following are some extracts from the Paris Papers
received last night.
(From the Finite dated Sunday 1
FLORENCE, APRIL 24.
The following is the copy of a letter written by M. Eynard to
the Duke de Choiseul :
" I observe with surprise, that on the 17th April you were not
yet easy respecting the distotrous accounts which had been circu-
lated concerning slissolongiii. I find it difficult to conceive that
Paris should have been without correct news on this subject for
eight days.
' The letter which I wrote on the 21st April has doubtless al-
layed your apprehensions by giving you certain facts. : that
on the sth of April Al iviolongbi was occupied by the Greeks, who
had successfully repulsed all the attacks of Ibrahim ; my news is
authentic, and I may even say official; all the other details are
merely on dits—the death of Ibrahim, the arrival of Fabric'',
thnt of the fleet, &c. &c.: but 2111116 will probably happen. If
our brave fellows have been able to resist without succour, what
will become of Ibrahim, if the intrepid besieged receive aid by
land and sea?
" The mail from Ancona will not arrive till the day after to.
morrow ; till then we cannot have any news respecting Missolonghi.
" Accept, &c. • (Signed) " J. G. EYNARD.
FRENCH FUNTAL—Pmus. MAY (I.—Five per Cents, 96f.
10c. • Three per Cents. K4l. se. ; Bank Stock. 2020 f. • Roues
de !NTaples, 72f. 90c.: Royal Spanish Loan, 440. Exchange
on London—One Month, 251.60 c.; Three Months, 25f. 40e.—
Con rs Authentique.

Among the conflicting rumours and different statements,
which for a long time have been propagated respecting the

affairs of Greece, the accounts which mostly !Ate the
character of truth are calculated to keep np the hopes
of that country's friends. Whatever may hav, been the
dissentions among the Chiefs, it is impossible to deny the
fact, that the steadiness of purpose, and the enthusiastic
patriotistn,which have long animated the people themselves,
remain unaltered.

When the Greeks resolved upon man; off the iron
yoke that has for centuries so heavily weighed on them,
they were fully aware of the danger to which atyslacken-
ing of their efforts could not fail to expose them. The
experience of the past enabled them to form a just estimats
of any promises of amnesty, or engager:lentil as toarnelioro-
tion of their future political condition, through which the
Turks might try to tempt them to submission. The per-
fidious policy of their enemy's Government was so well
known to them, that they Were inspired with a firm de-
termination to conquer their indepentlenee or die in the
attempt, rather than accept any terms whieh would ulti-
mately bring them back to an aggravated state of slavery.
There is as yet no reason to doubt their eapsbility of pro-
tracting a struggle in which they have been so long suc-
cessfully engaged ; anil if the character, feeotarces, and
military tactics of their enemy, be maturely considered,
as well as the locsl disadvantages against which they have
yet greatly to contend, the entire conquest of Greece will
appear a distant event, though not unlikely to be finally
accomplished, if she be left to het fete.
A variety of conjectures anti speculatiorrs, relative -to
Greece, have arisen from a late extraordinary Embassy to
a Northern Court, and a Morning. Paper has taken upon
itself to inform the world of the meet secret objects of that
minket Nothing, indeed, could have been more cheering
than the issue which it pretended r t announce, authenti-
cally, relative to any negotiations which might have been
entered into at St. Petersbuth en that occasion; but, at
the same time, nothing was more fallacious than the belief
it professed that a fresh union of mere remonstrances, ors
the part of the great European Powers, was at ail likely to
affect the line of policy which the Porte had determined to
pursue with respect to Greek affairs, and bring that ob-
stinate Government to terries of composition with its rebel
subjects. It should not be forgotten that every att of
diplomacy has been employed in vain at Constantinople—
that even threats, made not only with the concurrence, but
alsJ through the medium of England, Turkey's most
powerful and best friend, hare remained unheeded.
fhe SULTAN has all along insisted on being left sole
arbiter in his contest with the Greeks, and in his (We-,
rences with the Russian Court. in neither has he ever
evinced any disposition to conciliatory terms; and, blindly
confident in the importance he has but too long been
allowed to suppose he holds in the balance of European
politics, he has resisted the most reasonable claims of
Russia, with an arrogance little compatible with the real
insignificance of his power. Indeed every new attempt to
bring him to a sense of the danger he incurs by thus pro-
yoking his natural enemy to hostile treasures, and of com-
pelling his friends to abandon him in that case to his
fate, has had no other erect titan to strengthen his
delusion.

From the consideration of these incontrovertible facts,
we come to this conclusion : that if Russia be ultimately
drawn into a war with the Porte, the other powers of
Europe, interested in the event (if they can be satisfied as
to the purity of her motives), will make no attempt to pre-
vent a contest which may tend to compel the Turks to such
a submission as would appear best calculated to secure the
future tranquillity of Europe.
An understanding of this sort, we have good reason to
believe, exists between the Russian and British Cabinets;
and Greece; whose independence will be neatly secured by
the Porte's folly in suffering Russia to declare war, would
be left to herself, until the time when circumstances
might suggest measures that would insure her permanent
welfare.

CITY, MONO*? DFLNINO.

The report of the natal armament being ready for sea was re.
newel this morning, and an immediate war bet coca the Russians and
the Porte was confidently spoken of; but after the first notification
of it gig events had passed away, they appeared to he entirely lost
sight of, and Consols advanced to 78 Buyers; afterwards 78 to
was the price, and they closed at 78.
The other English Securities and Foreign Stoeks remained nearly
at Saturday's quotations.
At Liverpool, there has been an imprbrement in the cotton mar.
ker. and about 13,000 bags sold.
There was taller more business doing on Saturday at Manche".
fer, and in some instances the power-loom cloth had been disposed
to at higher prices. There have been extensive sales at the late
low prices. There was a great failure on Saturday, an eminent
spinner, for about 60,0001.
The following paragraph from a German paper notes an increase
n the demaud fur cotton in Germany :
FRANLYORT, Apart. 26.
Purchasers from Switzerland, who bought at the Leipzig fair
pr:nciptilly Saxon woollen cloths, have passed through here on their
return. Cheaptieu is the main point with this class of purchasers,
and in this respect they did not seem satisfied with the fair, the
prices, as they said, being much higher than they expected. The
direct accounts from Leipzig, however, do not agree In this ; they
say that large quantities of Saxon clothe have indeed been said.
chiefly to Swiss houses, but at very low prices.
" With respect to the wool trade, the same accounts any that the
Prussian land-owners asked pretty high prices, not being under at,
absolute necessity of selling at too low a rate, as they obtain loans
from their Government on deposits of wool; but the Saxon land.
owners, not having this advantage, were obliged to submit to
low prices.
" Cotton has risen In our market five dollars per cwt., but It
seems doubtful whether this rise is caused by English speculation,
or by a really increased demand for the manufactories."
VIENNA, Aram 26.-31etalliques 89,1 • Bank Shares 1.069.
One of the oldest and most eminent banking-houses of Europe,
that of Messrs. Fries and Co., of Vienna, has suspended its
payments.

(EETRACT OP A LETTER RECEIVED THIS 3IORNTND.)
" AMSTERDAM, May G.
" A courier from Germany announces the failure of Messrs.
Fries and Co., bankers. Vienna; the principal partner, Mr. David
Parish. has disappeared, and is reported to be dead."
Another letter, we are sorry to say, mentions all these circum-
stances, accompanied with a rumour that Mr. Parish had committed,
suicide.

The current rumour now is, that the Directors of the Bank (..t
England have under consideration the forming Branch Banks at
the four following places, viz. : Liverpool, Leeds, Birmingham.
and Gloucester. In the three last, as central points of great manu-
facturing districts, and in Liverpool, as the second commercial
town in the kingdom, the experiment, whether of utility to the
country or advantage to the Bank, may, it is conceived, be fairly
tried, and on the result of that experiment, in all probability, the
extension of the system will depend.

Despatches were received Yesterday morning at the
Foreign Office, from the British Consuls to the South Ame-
rican Republics.
Miss Foote's benefit, to-morrow evening (Wednesday
the 10th), at Drury-lane, Theatre, is expected to be very
great; and we understand it will be a sort of farewell be-
nefit, as the very great terms offered her to go to America
will very soon occasion us to lose this public favourite.
Mr. Macready is to perform two of his best characters for
her; and, in addition to Inzogen, in which Miss Foote
is perhaps unrivalled, she is to appear in ebara, and Nogo
APG(liiin, a new Scotch character, which, we understand,
she studied in Scotland, and will appear in the real High-
land costume, which has been presented to her for the pur-
pose by one of the first clans of that country.

NE WM ARKETSECOND SPRING MEETING.

(By EXPRESS.)
NEWMARKET, MONDAY NIGHT.
Handicap Sweepstakes of 10 son. each for 3-yr olds and upwards.
A.F.
Duke of Richmond's be. c. Toil and Trouble, 3 yrs. fist. 61b.
Duke of Rutland's El Dorado, b yrs. list. 31b.
The following started, but were not placed :—Duke 01 Orafton's
Pucelle, fiat. 131 b.; General Grosvenor's Crockery, fist. 91b.;
Scott's Wings, Bst. 61b. ; Mr. Greville's Dahlia, list. 21b.; 31 r.
Rogers's Turban, Cyst. 71b. ; Lord Veralam's e. by Wuful, as:.
61b.; and Mr. Vanslttart's Sligbt colt. list. bib. Vrtm by a head.
Match 100 sovs.—T. V. C.
Mr. Udny's Tarandus, Sit. 41b.
Lord Exeter's Redgauntlet, Hat. 41b.
Match 100 sovs.—T. Y. C.
Duke of' (irafton's f by Woful.—kfiltoula, list. Mb.
Lord An.o.i's I by Bastard, Sat. 41b.
Makch-200 son. D. M.
D. of Grafton's Rufus, list. 71b. -
Lord Orford's Pleanee, Bst.

Sampatakes of lOU sows. each, h. ft. D. M.
Lord Anson's ch. c. by Aladdin, Oat. 41b.
Lord Exeter's Recruit, by Whalebone, fist. 71b.
Mr. Uterine's c. by Wbalebone—Gran:atie, Bst,

. I
. I

1
2
3
