THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET.

Mr. Thelwall gave his laat lecture at this theatre last
evening, to a numerous and highly respectable audience.
Ilia criticirms were on the play of Ltundef, and on the
diAkteut style and merits of the actors who had been must eminent
is the chief character in the tragedy. At the conclusion he delivered
his farewell address, in an impressive and eloquent manner. lle
eapreased Ins warmest thanks to those who had attended his
lectures., and hie satisfaction at baring tuund their numbers con-
aederably illarfiltl since the contastemcmcnt. Ile said he could
DM be sulliviently thankful to the Lord Chamberlain for the
Inineisonte way in which he had consented to allow him to
deliver his lectures at a public theatre, without the pusaibility of
having been aware what them: lectures might contain. Ile con-
cluded by stating, that he was sure his audience would do him the
jmitece to say, that an nu one installer had the indulgence of the
Laid lo:litunberlain been abused. be Lecture and the Farewell
Addresa were well received throughout, and the audience appeared
paisctly satisfied in every respect.

POUCH.

MARY-LA-WINNE OFFICE.

RODIINAT ow TUX BIRINIWO/lAIII BALLOON COACH.--Thill
office was crowded to an unusual degree on Thursday, In conse-
quence of the final examination of Samuel llermax, charged with
uttering sonic of the stolen M. Birmingham notes of the hank of
Banbury, Lloyd, and Co. of London, and of the firm of Taylor,
Jones, and Co. of Birmingham, which, in December, BM, were
stolen front the Balloon coach.
It was expected that evidence of the prisoner's bring one of
" The Ring," or. mail rolthers, would have been produced ; and
that some interesting disclosures of the plans of late so ingeniously i
practised to obtain posseation of banker's parcels would have been
developed; but it seemed no disclosures were made by the prisoner
and he was merely charged as an accessary or utterer of the stolen
notes.
Mr. Hawser:it appeartd for the prosecution, and Mr. Ilowaso
' for the prisoner.
Mr. Brown, the City Marshal, Br. Bird, of Birmingham, and
Mr. Ilanhury, were present
The prisoner had been committed upon three charges of utter-
ing the notes before, and twit additional ones were produced.
The prisoner was asked if Ito had any remark to make ; but,
by the advice of his Solicitor, he declined. and was fully com-
mented to take his trial on Me distinct charges of uttering the
stolen notes.
It was stated that about 1,00114. of the stolen notes,;were still
in circulation.

IRELAND.

COUNTY KILKENNY ASSIZE

TRIAL. OF THE MURDERERS OF QUAN.
Tuesday morning (March 30), • little after ten, the Loan
CHIRP' JUSTICE came IMO Court, to preside at one of the most
important trials for the peace of the country that has occurred for
many years, when a highly-reepectable panel was called over, and
the prisoner'', James Kelly. William Kell',. and Jolla Cullitart,
were arraigned for the murder of Martin Quan, at Kilkenny, on
the 11th of April, IE2I
James Kelly was first tried singly.
The first witness produced was Michael Morrissy, who deposed,
that about three years back hie brother, l'atrick Morrissy, took a
farm on the Earl of Ormonde'a estate, from which one Richard
Shea was dieparessed; his brother soon died, when witness took
charge of the farm for the widow and children, six in number, in
CCRINCqUetICC of which his house was shortly after attacked by an
aimed banditti by night, who were beat off; in a few days after he
was waylaid, and • gun was snapped at him ; in two or three
nights a cow of his was tied and drowned. \V itness suspecting
his death was the &time, did rot go to skin the cow, but sent his
boy, Martin Quan, who never returned, being murdered where
the cow was lying, In the most brutal manner, by gun-shot
wounds, and his head fractured in a shocking manner.
lIRROT Meehan, next wiener, de I, she had occasion to wash
sonic clothes, at a well on the lands of Springmount, on the day
Martin Qusn was murdered. On getting ors • rising ground over
the well, she maw two men pass her, at the distance of between
twenty and thirty yards, both armed with short guns or blunder-
busses ; one of them she knew well, William Kelly; the other
she believed to be John Cellinare from his size, not having seen
his face. Thinking they were on sonic bad intent, she went across
to a ditch, when the same two mei, and James Kelly, who was
also armed with a shun gun, passed shrug the rood, and turned
duwn to where Martin Quan was; on their coining up with Quan,
she saw the short man (Cellinan, as she thinks) tire at him, when
he staggered, but is not certain whether he fell, as the Kellys were
between her and him • he then ran, pursued by J. Kelly who fired
at him, when he fell, and got upagam ,• %%Kelly then bred &thin' ;
he fell, got up, and fell again, on which Janice Kelly ran up to him
and gave hint • blow with the gem; William Kelly then came up.
and made a Icuit as if on him. Witness thee went home and told
her mother, who advised her never to say • word about it or she
would be intinkred. %fitness would not come forward, only Mr.
Despard sent for her, and told her he was informed she knew of
the murder, and insisted on swearing her, but she refused, until
she would see her priest, which Mr. Despard allowed her, and
gave her a note to him. On confessing to her priest he desired her
to go back to Mr. Dripard with his compliments, and to tell him
all she knew, and to give the men up to the law, as she would be
as bad as the murderers if she concealed it; she acted by his
advice. The prisonm had large blue riding costs • William Kelly
and John Callinan straw hats; James Kelly a black hat and white
stockings. Witness on her way home heard 11/INC abets--three or
four.
Several other witnesses were examined to prove the ease.
The Cuter .1.7 sir te.E, in utmost eloquent and luminous manner,
addressed the Jury, previous to recapitulating the evidence. He
dwelt at cousiderable length on the difficulties that presented them-
selves to Mr. 1 /espard, to whom, he said, the Government and the
country weredeeply indebted, se also to the Roman Catholic Cler-
gyman, who RID I sly, like a true Christian, gave the Magi's-
trice that aid that enabied hint to bring home thus most dreadful
crime. llis Lordship Again repeated, that if the country possessed
such Pastors and such Magistrates, delinquency would soon hide
its hydra head and declared, that in thirty years experience, lie
never heard a prosecution brought forward its a more judicious and
satisfactory manner, contending, as Mr. Despard had to do, with
reluctant witnesets, but who in the end, supported their informa-
tions In the must unquestionable manner, especially Honor Meehan,
of the truth of whose swearing there could be no reasonable doubt,
though she had fallen a sacrifice to the brutal lust of a ruffian, as
she detailed in her evidence. The other witnesses he considered
equally entitled to credit. Ile then read over his notes, when the
Jury retired, and in less than five minutes brought in a verdict of
Sentence of Death was then pasted upon the prisoner.
?Villa*. Knee, and ./olie Callaus, were MIL arraigned on a
similar indictment, and though they would not join in their chal.
lenges, the crown allowed the business to proceed, when the pri.
susun challenged thirty-seven. Nothing new was elicited, end the
Jury, in three minutes. delivered their verdict, Guilty. Sentence!
of deaM was then passed on therm
Exeter rost.—Oit Thursday morning (Ist Instant), the above'
felons were taken (min the county gaol to Killemory, to be exc.
cured at the spot at which the murder was conimitted. They ar-
rived there about eleven o'clock, and in twenty minutes they were
lannelsed into eternity. The day was wet and romiy, yet we
thought there were about 1,680 of the country
.people collected on
the ground. The unhappy men frankly admitted the Justice of
their sentence, and Csllinan frankly protested that, though he had
lem at other murders, he knew nothing concerning the burning of
the Sliest. They were tied up with their hacks to the plate at which
they intirtleted Qom, hut almost immediately swung round to
(runt that fatal *put. This change of position is easily accounted
for. but it hod an electrical effect on the multitude, who exclaimed
in Irish... The lewd save us ! The Great God is speaking to
Mein of it !" In the evening the bodies were brought in on cars to
the County Infirmary. It was &dreadful spectacle.

NB. BULLuCK's EXHIBITION OP ANCIENT

AIRXIC'O.

This very curious and interesting exhibition, to which
the public look forward with much avidity, opened on
Wcdrenday,ot the Egyptian Ilall, l'icutdilly. Everything
connueted with the history er fortunes of any portion of
South America is at this moment • subject that inspires us with
the deepest anxiety. indeed, with the exception of the great
question of slavery or freedom, we know not of one which to
saungly appeals to our iatcreds Our syntsiathy the bright
peoepects which to open on stir species in the New Word.
in therefore with peculiar pleasure that we visited the unique
eabitiltien celled " Ancient Mexico," collected un the spot in 11123,
by Mr. Bullock, that indefatigable researcher after whatever can
minister to the acquisition of knowledge at the gratification of
(valiancy. The present collection had also the advantage of having
Men made with the assistance of the Mexican Bovernment, of
which Mr. Bullock has not tided to avail himself. It is true be
weight hive made a more extensive collection of curiosities in his
tour, but this is on objection applicable to every collection of this
mud that has been ever made. Instead of indulging in this garrulous
mitition., It becomes us rather to be grateful for the very diverse-
Led display of the antiquities of Mexico, that thionigh his Indus.
wails researehm, he now presents to the public. Mr. Bullock has ;
imported many of the idols of the ancient Mexicans, in in Loges of
stuee; 3111;, where he has been unable to procure the originals, be
oi sulratatt.ll Isithful and elaborate representations of them.
There is • fun-siert likaiess of the great serpent, which
appears to harebell the most general object of veneration amongst
i...• &LIEU vat Mexicans. Therein also in the collection a representation
chi the c.siebrated Kallender stone, known to the Indians by the
sine of Montezuma's watch. The perfection and highly-wrought I
workmanship of this basaltic atone is truly wonderful, when we
easieseder that the use of iron was unknown to the people of America.
Ameuget the pictures are the meeting of Aluntesitina and Corte,
11.116' Mexico, sail the destruction of the idol of the Indians, and the
piecing of the statue on the altar by Cortes—these, as well as the
usher pictures in the collection, are rude and imperfect, and only
serve to attrw the very mediocre state of the art of painting at the
time, and in the country in which they were painted. There is a
v-ry elegant collection of the birds, minerals, fruits, rte peculiar'
to Mexico, lined up in a specious apartniery on the g d atom;
Red • eery AllilltaltA painting of the city of Mexico is plated in
perspective at the extremity of the name, which has a most pleasing
and picturesque street. An AllieflCOU Indian, in the appropnale
costume of the natives, is exhibited in thia Wawa; he poosemes
niltser an European than am Indian countenance; his deoneaneur
is simple and uuallect.d, and hie features are not unexpressive Of
naafi:Ct. Altogether we can safely recommend this exhibition an
004 only a very recites% buds very important one, which derives ed.
diticond tutored flout the little of correct knowledge we 1/11•Aellilill
liffriZeOf this petit., and fmni the grow ing connection WhiCil is hourly
evereasing and cementing between this country and the independent
peoemom of :South America.

The ful'owing in the Douse List of the ilorernors and
Directors of the Bank of England, for the year ensuing,
wig :

MEETING OP PA W MOWN F Ni.—Thunday limit numer-
ous and respectable Meeting of the Pawnbrokers of the metropolis,
was held at the Horns Tavern, lhietors' Commons, for the purpose
of adopting measures to prevent the establishment of the projected
" Philanthropic Loan Bank." Mr. 31'11mi/ell in the ebiur. The
Chaimian, in stating the objects of the meeting. rejoiced to tind
that the general feeling of the pawnbrokers was, that of the warm-
est resistance to a measure which, if not strongly opposed, would
eremite', annihilate their existence as a class of tradesmen. The
l'hairman read a long string of resolutions upon the subject of the
new Institution, and appointing a Committee to watch the pro-
gress of the measure in Parliament, Pic. A gentleman suggested
the propriety of making . all possible interest with Members
of Parliament, in oppeuetion to the obnoxious IllellAtlee. Mr.
Harrison, in moving tier the publication of the resolut,ons, re-
greeted to are so many honourable names at the head Id the plan
which was at injuriously opposed to them. It we,' a great hard-
ship that men who never revealed the secrets °ldle nobleman who
should confide to their care his fluky of the Bath, or of the noble
lady who should place in their care a flamed diamonds—it was a
hardahip that such men should be publicly branded as the receivers
of stolen goods. (Applause.) lie called upon the meeting
to enure their claim to respectability in the most public and
unequivocal manner. The resolutions were then ordered to
be published, and a subscription was immediately entered into.
(Inc of the Meeting informed the Chairman that a merchant of the
first respectability had just sent for him, and assured 1i i ~,, that a
great deal of alarm was felt in the City. at the indecent manner in
which the measure bad bee. smuggled into thq 'louse, and that it
was necessary to watch its progress most closely, or the country
would feel its injurious edicts. the merchant added, that as moon
as it was known that they were taking active measurer, they would
not want assistance front the mercantile world.—( Loud applause.)
The Meeting, at which upwards of 130 pawnLrlkers attended, then
separatesL
Ixouree IN TOE FILET l'RlSON.—Thttraday morn-
ing an inquest was held in the lobby of the above prison, on the
body of Mr. John Sollitt, who died on Timidity evening last. The
deceased was of Snaith. near 'Eltoenc. iu Yorkshire, where he car-
ried on the business of a builder, contractor, and escavator of ca.
nal*, in partnership with Jonathan 3licklethwaite, th: that witness
examined. It appeared that the witness and deceased had, by an
unfortunate specula , hero obliged to tender in discharge of bail
to the Elect prison—he had long known theileceased. whine health
had been declitiing fix some time past, owing, as It was supposed,
to a cold caught from damp in the pursuit of his professional itettett.
neon ; lie complained of an allection of the lungs; witness paid
every attention to hint during his illness ; he died a natural death.
Ann Carter attended lum in the infirmary of the prison ; he had
every attendance, both medical and personal ; a gradual decay of
nature caused his death. Ale. Randall, a surgeon. in Cheapside,
who attended the deceased, deposed, that the cause of his death
arose front a pulmonary complaint, which terminated in an hula.
Ittlitten of the lungs. The (Oftener stated, that it appeared clear
that the deceased cane by his death in a natural way, and the Jury
returned a vendee accordingly. During the last twelve months,
notwithstanding the prison has frequently been crowded, no person
has died in the infirmary.
A boat from Ilable Island, near Youghal, laden with
potatoes, tie 11"atertord, was lost in the heavy gale on Thursday
night, at Hineshark. in Trenton Bay. All oft board unfortunately
Iltdolho Freemase is Jest-nal.
Kay As pins)) and James Jolly, two of the men con-
demned at due late assizes for the burglary, at Ratclife, underwent
the awful sentence of law on !Saturday last, at Lancaster —Liverpool
Cost kr.
EAtlverliscuient:3 —Ecoxo my.—Fainilies who are de-
sirous of using the beat article.. thy can possibly he ob-
tained, having tried most of the hatablishments within the,
metropolis, have found the bust qualities at the China Cc-,
iiuine Tea Company, 23, l'uretnent, Moerfields.

rani GOVILANOIRS:
CORNKT,II'S 111/1.11.1.t, Esq., Governer.
JOHN 11A KEit K1C11,1174, Esq., Drputy-Governor.
rot DIkdiCTIORS:
1/8,14 Barclay, Eaq. Sir Timms% Near', Ban.
Jaw Mental Es+ licorge Wank Nosnian. Esq.
Janes f:amplill, Esq. John Horsley Paburr, Esq.
John 11:ockerell, EMI. John Pewit, Esq.
Tiir.ottly Abraham t 'mils, Ea' q. Charles Polr, Est
.samuci !trews., Esq. I lenry Porcher„ Esq.
I icor*? ilsoarios, J.:A. Diehard Mee Roars. Esq.
Jeremiah Harman, I:sq. Sir Juhn Kac Mehl, Mitt.
John Itenjaniin Ilea•ti, Esq. Andrew Merry l'lsompuo, Eery
Thomas lAbgley, f:s.i. Samuel 'l'inwownt Eaq.
14'illiarn :11anninn, Esq. William Ward, El.!.
William Mellish, I:sq. Money H'igratii, EN.
I'll? Eleei on fia Governor and Ikputy Co%erner will
be held at the Haul, on 'l'ulv.ll, the rith ; and for fh-
,e;tora, on Wednesdar, the 16th rist., front tyn o'clock in
Ami faenoon, till four in the dterawa.

EAST INDIA SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

whose claims on the insolvent were very coesiderable. Be was
willing, however, to admit that he was unable to offer, and he cet-
The Inglis, Serie, from China, hasarrived off Falmouth; sailed tainly felt no disposition to offer, any observation that could bring
trona Macao the 14th Decembes, and St. Helena the 20th Febru- the conduct of the Noble Lord urea any general clause of the Act
sty has brought no passenger.. of Parliament. The conduct, however of the Noble Lord had
The
Iferetendshite, Hope, was off Mat-so. embarking her pret. been marked by esttavagance, yet. perhaps, such extravagance we •
singers, on the 14th December, and would sail next day for coinparatively excuseable, when the rank and family of the Noble
London. , Loyd were corsidered. Still his ambition was inexcusable. He had
The Repulse, Paterson ; the Kellie Castle, Adams • the Atlas, obtained a seat in Parliament at the expense of other persons. 1;poo
Blayne; and the Scalehy Castle, Newell, were expected to be the this conduct he felt himself justified in condemning the conductor
next ships to sail from (bins. • the Noble Lord. With an income of Y9Ol. a year, he should have
The 4:adois, Talbert. irons Bengal, hart arrived off Plymouth ; contented himself in a more appropriate and private station. With
mailed from the Sand Hestia the 20th Noveuilier, and from St. respect to the allowance of 4001. a year from the trustee,' under the
Helena the 18th February. Duke of Marlborough's sill, he felt the Court had no coated.
Turning front the insolvent to the Court, he would merely cal
upon them to bomb at the magnitude of his debts, and the causes of
his insolvency. Had not the insolvency sprung from a career of
almost unexampled extravagance? IVith these observations he
might with some confidence call upon the Court to appropriate the
larger portion of the irsolvent's half-pay to the discharge of his
debts, particularly as the trustees under the Duke of Marlborough's
will seemed disposed to make him a most liberal allowance.
'the Collar inquired if any creditor appeared to oppose the dis-
charge of Lord Charles Spencer Churchill.
14 in. Holsgrove said he appeared for that purpose, and the
winces having been sworn, said that his debt amounted to
131.45. &I. for lax is and shoes, and he was desirous of 'hewing
bow his Lordship obtained these goods. In 1819 he carried on bu.
shiers as a boot aid shoe maker, at fill, Burlington-arcade. His
Lordship addressed witness while he was standing at the door of
his shop, and asked him " flow long have you left Hoby's, Bois-
' grove?' To which question I replied, "A few months. ie then
asked me how I found business ? I replied, " Very well." He then
I inked me if I sold boots as expensively as Mr. Hob'? I said I
suld them Bs. a pair less than Roby. Ile asked witness how he
could afford to do so ? Witness said because he sold for ready
money; he could not 'laird to give credit. His capital was hut
small when he contneenecd business ; he had merely (so he told his
Lordship) the money lie had saved in Ale. Hobe* service, which
he had deposited he the savings' bank. His Lordship then hoped
I would be successful, said he liked to encourage young beginners,
and gave me an order for one pair of boots and two pair of dress
oboes. The next day his Lordship called on me, and desired me
to send the boots and shoes so ordered to Harrowgate, which I did.
I did not see his Lordship for some months after. I received seve-
ral orders from his Lordship, all of which I executed, with the
exception of the last.
The orders were produced, and Lord Charles said he had no
Emig they were all in his hand-writing.
The witness wished the officers of the Court to read an order, in
whirls his Lordship stated, that his boots were the only boots be
eadd get that wore well. (A laugh.)
The order was read accordingly.
No other opposing creditor appeared.
Mr. Pottoc. IC , for the insolvent, said he was quite sure that the
Court could not go along with his Learned Friend, Mr. Cooke, in
the imputation of extravagance which he cast upon Lord Charles
Spencer Churchill. Ile admitted that there were large dehts_esty
large debts--in this case; contracted, however, for the purpose
principally of meeting the necessities of the free and independent
electors of St. Alban's. It was unnecessary for him to remind the
Court of the facility with which these debts were contracted ; nor
was it necessary for him to remark that in a Court of Law these
debts were not recoverable. They were the result of mere specula-
tion on the part of the innkeepers, and it was a speculation dis-
couraged by legislatorial enactment, for the very proof of any par-
ticipation in it would vacate the seat of the successful candidate.
It was quite obvious too that the 3,0001. borrowed for the payment of
these electors was merely intended to distribute among the inn.
keepers of St. Alban's- in order to mitigate them, and secure their
acquiescence in the wishes of the popular candidate. With re.,
spect to the only opposing creditor who had appeared to-day, Mr.
Holagrove, it was quite certain that the representations made by
Holsgrove were nut strictly correct. Ile meant not to impute any
intentional mistaternent to 3lr. Holsgrove, but the facts of the case,
which he fairly stated, negatived his previous representation. The
goods—the first order was sent to Harrowgate, clearly proving by
their having been sent that • ciliate payment was not contem-
plated. But he did met content himself with supplying the first
order. He supplied other orders, and sent boots and shoes to
Manchester and Bath, after this first order, which he would repre.,
sent was executed for ready money. With respect to the remark of
his beamed Friend. upon the appropriation of- half-pay, it was suf.
ticient for him to observe, that the allowance made by the trustees
was merely a gratuitous allowance ; they might at any time with-
draw it. They had, in point of fact, withdrawn it three tiniest, and
it was not to be supposed that from his half-pay, amounting to little
more than 1001. a year, any thing was to be taken.
Mr. II LATH observed, that he could not regularly address thy
Court, but as he appeared for the trustees under the Duke of 31arl.
borough's will, he might be permitted to remark, that with respect
to the Good fide debts contracted by Lord Charles Churchill, they
would take care that these debts were discharged, but as far as the
St. Alban's creditors were concerned, they certainly conceived that
they were bound to resist the payment of these debts.
31 r. Coo a E was proceeding to reply, but the Chief Commissioner
mid he was not entitled to make any observations, as nu evidence
had been called.
The Cater Co et stissrowee said, that in this case there was
clearly nothing that resernbkd an offence under the Act. Had
there been such an offence he was most anxious to say that
the elevated rank of the individual then before them should not
screen hint from the consequences. In that Court there was no
distinction between the poorest man and die most exalted peer, ex.
cept that in the latter case the Court would more rigorously eeery
into effect the strict provisions of the law, without the slightest re-
Location. Now, with respect to the St. Alban's debts, they could
not shut their eyes upon what was going forward in the world, and
pretend ignorance of the purposes for which throe debts were con-1
traced ; and not being ignorant, it was impossible to suppose that
the Court would recognise such debts, or consider them affecting,
in a fraudulent sense, the insolvent. It was truly stated by the
Lamed Counsel for the insolvent (Mr. Pollock),that in these cases
the publicans naked the credit they gave ; and for the consequences
of their speculation they must be prepared. The only other rte.
ditor who appeared war Mr. Hoh‘rove ; and certainly the facts of
the case negatived the representations originally made by him. Ile
says, he expected immediate payment, yet lie executed subsequent
orders. There was clearly nothing in this transaction to bring the
insolvent within the penal consequences of the Act. The insol-
vent, it appears, is entitled to half-pay, from the 80th regiment,
and he has no other pronerty of his own. Looking at the circum-
stance, he felt that the Court would not be justified in assigning
at present any portion of it to the purposes required by the Learned
Counsel, fur Messrs. Atwood and Co. If assignees were chosen,
and they came to this Court, and made a proper representation on
this subject, from which it appeared that the Court could justly
interfere with this half-pay, the Court would listen favourably to
such an application. At present, however, they could make no
such order; and, upon the other grounds, they were of opinion the
insolvent was entitled to his discharge.
Mr. Commissioner Bowen' said, that the Court was perfectly
satisfied with the intention of the trustees. It was quite clear that
in this ease there was a considerable distinction among the credi-
tors. The opposing creditor, the only creditor who appeared per-
sonally, was clearly an honest creditor, and lie had nu doubt Mr.
11 olsgrove would stand as well with the trustees as be had with the
Court.

SHIPPING IN7'ELLIGENCE.

CUST()M-110USE, ATIII. 9.
ENTERED INV/MIDS.
Aid, Ring ((oe. broker), from Gravehues.
Ann, Curtis (lAwthrr). front Gottenburgh.
Britannia, Strange (Dillon), from Carthage's'.
11 arnrd, Sully (Scbotield). from f)unkirk.
Entostrom, Ruyl from Antwerp.
Emilie, Kerrkhove (Ih. Bic), from Ostend.
flereules, Wittertronghel (Petlder), from Nuntea.
Minerva, Groner (Mullen), front } redscickstadt.
Aram 8.
ENTERLD OUTWARDS--The Mary, for Riga; Lively, for
Gibraltar; Georgians, for Virginia; Criterion, for New York;
' for Antigua; Cordelia, for Seville; and Dart, for Ostend.
CLE•arsro Outwantrs.--The Fortitude, for St. Kitt's; Jo-
hansen, fur firemen; Charles Tennyson, for Montreal; Lady
Juliana, and Fortitude, fur Quebec; Flora, for Bourdeaux ; and
Amelia, fur St. John's.

lie insolvent was then discharged.
Mr. Adams, and 31eaus. Whippy and Weston were appointed
assignees.

OLD BAILEY; FRIDAY, APRIL 9.

Frederick Neon, aged 111, was put to the bar, on an indictment
charging him with assaulting Elizabeth King, and taking from her
person, with force and violence, a bundle of goods, the property of
Joshua King. In the second count, the property was described as
belonging to Sir John Dean Paul, to whom the prosecutor was
butler. The robbery was committed un the 14th of February, in
King-street. Westminster.
In the course of the evidence it turned out, that the Magistrate
before shorn the prisoner had been examined had not taken down
his confession in writing, in consequence of which Mr. Justice'
HE sr, aftcrcensuring the neglect, directed an acquittal.
The prisoner was again arraigned, charged with a similar offence,
iinha in on the thh of February, in 3larsham-street, 'Westmin-
ster, robbed a voung female, named 51arii-naHawkes, of a reticule,
Ma. in silver, &c. her property. On this occasion the prisoner also
contrived to escape tor the tune, but l'ooper, the officer, subse-
quently secured him, finding on hit' person the purse, and sove-
reign. The prisoner, who is a well-known character, was found
Cathy—Deeth.

MIDDLEJES SESSIONS FRIDAY, Aria P.

ISIPORTANT TO PAWNBROKERS.

appeal An • against t conviction of . Onffitha, .sg. was heard
in which Mr. l'hontaa %V•dinore, a pawnbroker, was the appellant.
It was an information by Tucker, an informer, charging Mr.
Wadniure with having taken from one Elizabeth Drunker the suns
of I Id., upon a pleilge of 3a, for eleven months, being 2id. more
than the Act of Parliament allows, fur which he was lined 51., and
the Magistrate ordered the cutnplainant to be paid 7a. fur her costs
out of the tine.

Mr. 110 ILAN n, for appellant, rose to make an objection, upon
which ulonc he rested the appeal. The Act of l'arliament imposes
• line of 51. anti not more tban 101.; the appvllant was tined in the
former , half of which is ordered to be given to the poor of
the ptuish, and half to the informer; row he contended, that the
31agistrate having appropriated a portion (seven shillings) other-
wipe than the Act allows, destroys altogether the adjudication, be.
cause in that case the Act could not have been complied with.
Mr. ALLEY contended, on behalf of the respondent, that there
was a mammary lower by • succeeding section of the Act in order-
int; the expenses to be Paid.
-The ritatli3lAN agreed with Mr. Alley, and the COUTICtiOn was
confirmed.

Government having deferred the lhalving, intended to
have taken place on the 6th instant, to Tuesday, the 211th, an op..
portunity is now afforded to all those. who (nut aware of the Ad-
vantages now offered) omitted purvluising, and more particularly
to the more distant parts of the Kingdom. The I_ untractors
J. and J. Sivea right, lose no time in publishing the above, and beg
to remind the Public that the trifling risk of Sl. Ifls, will gain
20,0001.

The Cost of Will have Returned Risk is only
A Ticket is 1:25 19 0 £2O 0 0 .Ca no u
A Sixteenth 11a 6 I
166 0 0 U
1)t er Shares in proportion.
There are Three Prizes of 20,01101. and Thirteen other Capitals
in the Wheel, and may he drawn on Tuesday, the 20th, when
the First Prize will hove 20,0001. in addition. Every Ticket sill
Lc drawn singly.

MEETINGS OP CREDITORS,
AT 'MD XXXXX UPI'S' COURT. MAIDAGALALL.IIIII22.
TH II DAY.

THIRD MEETING/.
Abrahams, J. Harrow-alley, Petticuat-lane, furrier
Arnim, Garcia de buns, Water-lane, merchant . it
Dauheny, -, Fortier*, grocer
11.
Douglas, D. and M. Judd-street, Brunswick-maws • 10
Fox, T. and Brodribb, J. D. Bristol, tallow.chandlers . p...
George, J. M. Horsham, Sussex, druggist - 13
. King. F. Warwick, upholsterer .
13
Larkingum, C. Commercial-place, City-road. oilman - It
Matson, iW. and C. Water-lane, wine and brandy-merchant II
Nunn, R. and Fisher, T. Grubb.street, Fore-street, umber.
merchants - - - . - I.
Pool, W. Honduras Wharf, Ilankside, Southwark, caal.mer.
chant - - - -10
Timbre'', W. T. Bermondsey-square, worsted-manufacturer It

• ii

SECOND MEETINGS.
Ebbs, J. E. Minories, jeweller - - - lk
Eerie, J. N'aterlon.ruatl, Surrey, stationer . • 11
Norris, T. Bartholomew-close, emachniaker . - II
Pickworth, H. jun. Cursitor-street, Chancery-lane, onal.mro.
chant - . - -
Steers, R. Paradise-row, Chelsea, baker -
Sterling, T. CounnerciaLroad, Lambeth, slater

- I
- 12

- 12

FIRST MEETINGS.
Anderson, G. Maiden-lane, warehouseman
Bannister. B. Southend, druggist -
Beettom, W. Kilburn, scrivener . . - II
Cakat, J. Shoreditch,draj,er - - . - 12
Dowel, T. and Brown, W. C. Irontoongcs.lane, and Lett's,
wool-merchants - - . - 11
Lingatd, J. Illauchester, merchant . - • 12
Metcalfe, J. Thirak. Yorkshile, linendrapee . - 10
Price, J. Stepney, Middlesex, undertaker . - 10
Rich, C. 11. and Adams, E. ht. Ann's-lane, silversmiths . 12
static; L. Bromwich-terrace, Islington, oil and MIOUTIMUI 11.1

• - I

.. . •.
DIVIDENDS.
Blakey, E. New Bond-street, Himnver-square, milliner . n
Barker, J. Stratfonl, common.brewrr
Beasell, C. Prospect-place, Lambeth, Surrey, insurance-
broker . . - - I
Broniley, J. Circus-street, New-road, 31ary-la-bonne, iron-
monger . - . . - 2
Childs, W. Whitehall, victualler - - I
Douglas, J. and D. and W. Russell, Leigh-street, Burton.
Crescent, Met-street, and Long-acre, drapers . - !
Humphries, C. Bishopsgate-street, linendraper . . ,
Johnes. R. A. Tottenham-avert-rood, ' . -
Kingsell, J. Black wall, plumber . .
Pettit, J. and Burch, S. R. Southwark, lacip-beters - .
Reid, A. l'isubco, carpenter - . . L
