I air to

Litter odt iotaiest wishes. the WANT,
to the retells- of the 'ensue is the last
r, may now boast of the ileatocdd reaterees
the country = sod ig rompatima with aim* late
years', the traoq oil hty of the people of Great Bri-
tain may body:eft spun with coutplocoacy. But
to !relied Mw can the Speech refer with confidence

of that unfogtometsywietyy

must be thin:lo'6pm to the wisdom Jiiatasent,
fur the power 4 the Executive has Ames tried with
its utmost strength, and has unhappily been found
inadequate to correct the evil.
Promises of economy closed the lad Session, and
must commence the present. The estimates are
now framed, and every rye is turned with anxiety
to the remit of the labours of the Ministers. The
public is every part of the country deinsod re-
trenchment with a spirit which will not be satisfied
by the pitiful sacrifice of a few clerks.
The Paris Papers of Thursday last, like Shag
many days preceding, are chiefly if not exelnaivefy
occupied with the lengthened debates in the Chats-
bee of Deputies, upon the project of law for pre-
venting the abuses of the press. Pains have been
taken by the Ministers and their friends to enlist
upon their side in this discussion every feeling
which might be influenced by a knowledge
of the wishes entertained by the KING and the
Royal Family upon this subject. M. PxyaosexT,
the Keeper of the Seals, was complimented by bis
MAJESTY, in presence of the whole Court, upon
the speeches which he delivered in the Chamber, iS
support of the law; and the King's brother and heir
presumptive, we are also told, expressed his 'sties
faction to the Minister at his conduct in the mod
flattering terms. There is much wisdom in the
principle of soar constitution, which presumes that
the Sovereign's feelings are not deeply involved in
any question Submitted to Parliament by his Mi.
'bider*, and the sehinould not be considered as
acting very judieiourly were he to neglect its ids.
vious policy. The influence of the Ktmo's name
does not seem to be at all required by the Minis-
ters of France in the present struggle; theii
success has been as great as they could desire. The
discussion on Wednesday commenced with thi
seventh article of the new law, which enacts that
all intentional mistatements in the publication or
the debates in either Chamber, shall be punished
with a line not less than 1,000 fr. and not exceed-
ing 6,000 fr. ; and that in case of a second offence,
or where the statement shall be offensive to the
Chambers, or to any member of the Chambers,
the editors of the journals 411 suffer imprison-
ment from one month to three years, and the
joornala offending shall be prohibited final ever
after publishing the debates. An amendment
pass proposed, mitigating the severity of the
1 iOhroent. The intendment was supported
[ 119 M. B. CONSTANT, who in the course of

his speech alluded to • postage in Humes His-
tory of 4logiond, in which the philosophic Histo-
rian condisilled the use of spies and of suborned
witnessee,‘Ami practised in the reign of the infa-
mous Commas 11. "The writers of those times,"
said M. CONSTANT, " have shewn the canoes of the
troubles that agitated the reigns of CHARLIS H.
and hien 11. These Princes endeavoured to or-
ganise • counter-revolution. By corrupt elections
they rendered themselves musters of the Parliament,
sod formed a violent House of Commons, where
the liberty of speech was stifled. Then perished
SYDNEY, Russatt, sod other patriots, sod Eng.
land was the scene of persecution and slavery. But
what was the result ? A few years rolled on, and
the people of England asserted their rights by the
expulsion of the STUARTs." This sentence was fol-
lowed by • tumultuous clamour, and several voices
from the right exclaimed, " This is the secret of
your party," and M. CoRNIT D'INcOIMT, who
spoke next, applied the allusion as " a sinister
prophecy." This was followed by a very angry and
violeut altercation, in which little regard was paid
to the decorum of language. M. De GIRARDIN
censured the Ministers very strongly for their insin-
cerity and want of esteem for the Charter, and observ-
ed, that such Ministers might well desire to impose
restraints upon the press, that the public should not
be made acquainted with the degree of confidence
to which they were entitled. This charge was
warmly resented by M. DE VILLELE and M. Dt LA
noURDoNNATis, who denied that they had chenged
their opinions or betrayed their engagements. The
latter, with animated declamation, declared that lie
and his friends desired the Charter with all its con-
sequences, and it was on that account, and because
they sincerely desired the liberty of the press, that
they now proposed to save it from the destruction
that must await upon licentiousness. He appealed
to the opinion of France, and charged the Opposi-
tion with invoking rebellion. This speech pro-
duced a violent agitation upon the left side of the
Chamber ; charges and recriminations parsed from
either side, end the PIIIIDENT vainly exerted his
authority to restore tranquillity. M. Mariun. in
the course of his speech remarked, that a condition
was imposed upon the King of FRANCS when he
was placed upon the throne, and that every one
was aware that when his MAJESTY signed the de-
claration of Saiut-Ouen, there were 200,000 fo-
reign troops in France, and that the people were
yot then accustomed to the idea of obeying the
sceptre of the BoUßßONS.—(Viasist
He did not deny the rights 4. ss Royal Family,

bet certainly the boviioas were not at that period
known in France.—(increating lawalt.j
The speaker was asked by a Member on tee
right tide, whether he supposed that he was restored
to " hie Aradred days," when he had ventured to
eay that the BOVIU3OIO could not constitute the
happiness of France.

lie repteilLitiLitterrly rite a fact. I speak < r
the reppraltet which then existed against a family
Mese in France." Cries of indignation, we are told,
interrupted the'speaker, and several voices from the
right alahlesetainred. a How dare you speak of re-
ports's/4# *Oast the Boussons 1" Others, ad.
dresaingtlierieSlDlNT.reatarkedb that he senor('
to listen to Inch honor: stsith great hog /raid, sod
that it was enough to create rebellion.
M. MANULL, after many interruptions, proceeded
to notice the prosecution that had been instituted
against the editor of the works of M. BRIANOSI,
and observed, that he had good reasons for belies-.
ing that the prosecution had been instituted at the
command of the Ministers.

To this M. Pasraosnat replied, "It is all
false;' others added, 46 it is a disgraceful false.
bood." M. MANUEL• with great coolness, ob.
served, $6 The Keeper of the Seals esercists his un.
doubted right in denying a fact alleged, and I use
my legitimate right in again affirming it, because!
am convinced of its truth.

M. Pgraospre--., It is • lie" (dententi).
Wiatiird The Chamber will judge be.
-Omen us. I have no interest in afhrrning a fact of
this nature. bet the Keeper of the Seale has a per-
sonal intettlat is denying it."
M. DI Pctracorligl--." If the statement were
true I should not hesitate to avow it ; but it is ills
falsehood."
We shall not pursue this dignified and gentle.
manly discession any farther. With language so
nicely chosen, sod tempers so admirably qualified
for the pursuit of truth, the Chamber of Deputies
cannot fail to arrive at a just sod sound decision.
We have sometimes had the good fortune to witneas
the proceedings in front of the hustings at Covent.
garden, on the occasion of an election of Reprise).
tatives for Westminster, but we must yield the
palm of superior politeness and decorum to the
French Chamber of Deputies. Do our readers feel
any interest to know that the amendment proposed
at the commencement of the debate was negatived,
and the original article adopted ? The Chamber
then adjourned.
The Ave per dents. on Wednesday were, 87 f.
15 c.—Bank Stock. ),657 f. 30 c.

Madrid Papers to the flat January arrived last
might. The agitation so long felt in the north end
south of Spaiu is subsiding; several regiments of
militia, lately called out on duty, hare in conse-
quence been ordered to return to their homes. The
following are extracts :

MADRID, JANUARY 19.
- •
An express ku arrived to-day from Seville, with news
that us the bib the public tranquillity wah again du.
tubed. It having bees knows that as express bad
arrived from the capital, a part of the people col-
lected before the door of the house of t►e Com-
mandant General, Doe Salvador Sebastian, desiring to how
the contents of the dispa►ches. This Officer, at the sametime
that be satisfied the wishes of the curious. admosished thee
that they orglst sot to assemble in numbers to require the
publication of his correspondence with the Government.

. .
This admonition was take@ as an insult, sod a report was
maliciously spread that the Commandant had given orders
to 6re upon the people. Oa this ground the Municipality
assembled; commissioners from the regiments and from the
people demanded that the Commandant should resign his
°ice to Major General D. Carlos Gonzalez de Barcena;
this was done, sad D. Barcena the following day published
au address to the citizens, expressing his pleasure at the ter-
miastion of the agitations which had so long disturbed t►e
worthy people of Seville, by their constancy in maiotalnlog
their imprescrlptible rights, and by the energy with which the
Municipality has guarded them.

A communication was made from the Governmeat, stating,
that Doc Francisco Paulo Escadero having resigned lb.
office of Minister of Muine, his Majesty had been pleased to
appoint to that office Duo Francisco de Paulo (Norio.

to consequence of the favourable turn which affairs Ism
taken fu► some lima past, both in the north and south of
Spain, it seems that orders have been Riven to seen regi-
ments of militia, which were ordered to be put under arms,
to return to their homes.

Hanoburgh Papers to the Oth, and Dutch to
the 30th last have arrived. The intelligence front
Constantinople comes down to the 9.9111 Decem-
ber. It takes no notice of the Russian withwatam.
nor of the report of its acceptance by the Pork.
An order had been issued about the middle of the
mouth to the Commander of the Turkish advanced
guard in Moldavia. announcing the Cusp SSIG.
Noes anxiety for the protection of the inno-
cent Rajahs, and restraining the military from
committing soy racemes on the inhabitants. Them
it declares are the only objects for the attainnseot
of which the troops remain in that quarter. Si-
milar orders hove been sent to the Pashas of Si.
listria, of the Banks of the Danube connected
with Bucharest. and of IViddeu.

-
.........,..m....-.•-•

Eithe► our laws for the condemnation of vessels
'engaged in the Slave Trade are defective, or not
administered with proper energy in our African
Slave Courts. The British officers, who have been
employed for the purpose of preventing that nefa-
rious traffic, have long and loudly complained that
they do not receive the support which they ta•
peeled in these Courts. If the defect be. as "
presume, in the lutes or established practice of the

7

11

3
• b

n
P
H

•
a
ti
•
ie
1181
21
•
a
•
•
•
•
!F
of
CI
iu
ma
re
at
ti
V
ni
i
A
el
.P
31
441
fi
el
et
to
g
to
vi
im
hi
of
hi
.0
401
tl
AIA
