Falai ILETINGS.

Hazard. D. Hackney, merchant
Hyde, N.. Nasanu-trreet, Soho. jeweller . . - - I o
Jarvis; W. U., Penton-place, Newington. coal-merchant . - I.:
Illl•Cormack, ../...lubilee-place. Commercial-road. victualler Ito
Boughton, h., Noble-street, Foster-lime, wholesale druggist i..t
Scrivenor, 11. %en., H. jun.. and %Vahan, .1., Keritiyh.bolui-
ings, Southwark, hop-factors - - - I I
.
Wooding, M., Duckett-street. Stepney. baker - - - 1O
'Mil/ENDS.
Blunt, E. ('ornhill, optician - .
Carter, 5.., Stratford, West-llann. Eases. cheewernonger
l'ooper, H., Communal-place, City -road, carpenter -
Langley, E. and Belch, W. High-street, Southwark, en.

- I!

• lit

- - - grantS - -- II
Lee, .1., Charles-street, llorsel s down, lighterrnan - -11 l
;Nola' : is, Balker-lane, merchant -
Pritchard. It., Regent.rtrcus, Oxford-street. dressing-case.
manufacturer - - - _ . '.lt
Reed,T., and NI iddlanas, J. Newcastle-upon-Tyne, mcreliaaSs 11

PRICES OF BRITISH
rank Stock
:Pitt* Acct. 2334 33
I pet Gent Reduced
Poet Ceo. Cons. 1t44 94
Ditto Acct. 944 I 4
4 per Cent. Anented
New 4 per Cent. 106 i 106
34 per Cent.
Ines Stock
Ditto Bonds C 6 C 4 pas
Ditto Arcs.

PRICES OF YOREIUN
Anonym' Bonds 934
DittolAcct.
Ilvazilian Serie 3 24 dis
Ditto Acct. 3r Z 4 die
BUODOS Ayres Scrip If 5 i i d:s
Ditto Acct. i * 4 dis
IL tilt= Honda 731
D: ttu Acct. 75 i. 3 6
Celootts. Molds 73 3
Llltto Arct.74 4 4
Attu Scrip 14 11 11 11 tits
ifttto ACV. 121 3 1 3 11 1 11 di%
Amish Bonds
French Ittntes 99(. 98f. 733.11 f.

div
Eschafige 25E 20:.
Ditto Scrip wi 4 pm ex tile
Ditto Acct. hit; t pm ex 'lir

iTOCRS YESTERDAY.
Long Ann.
South Sea Stock
South Sea Annuities
South Sea New Annuities
1:1.11ills,24. 1.0001. 42 43 pin
Ditto, 6802.
Ditto, Small
lh.to, lid. I.oooi. 41 42 40 pin
Ditto, SINK•
Ditto, Small
[Asters Tickets 191. 19s.

STOCKS YESTERDAY.
()seek Bonds
Ditto Scrip 16 dis
Mexican Bonds 49j # 50 4.9 j
60a 50 4 21 lj 2 11 3F;
I
I Ditto Acet. 49j a 50 49Z 501
30 1 9j 1j 3 2A g
Nrapolitsn Bondi
Peruvian Bonds
Ditto Acet. 37 . . .

Portuguese Roods 87/ /
Pnnsun Bonds
Ktiosimn Bondi 93/ a /
I)itto Acct. 93a /
Sotto. Con.. 14 30 19/ 20 14
Ditto Acct.
Ditto (1923)
Ditto Acct. IS

Vitt NriliOn VMS.

. .
TIIE.ITRR ROYAL, IlAnllAßKfi& alb
Th's LI, mins, FRIDAY. September 19. wlllasseerlad•
THE PADLOCK.
Lstinder, Miss Leer: P.m Draw.. Mr. Wilibuns: Mus% Hr. lE. Watt.
Ursula. Mr& C. Jones; L....:1;:ra, 111:ss Hawes. •
,t
Atter which •
1174. ..
MARRIED AND giNC
Beau Shattorly, Mr.W. Fsrren: Bickerton, Mr.
Cooper; Ferret. Mr.W.we a 1 Seamper. Mr.li 4. . .
Mrs. Mover: Mrs. Shatterly. Mrs. C. Josses.• • • • . •
'.'n eouelude with
'TWOCI.II Pt. 4/.1.1: A CONJUROR.
?Av.. CUT of Al.reovy. Mr. C...pc:*: Peter Stannittz. Mr. Harley;
Van D•noter, Mr. Lis. .n. Berta. Mrs. Chatterhsi.
To-marrow. The Country Girl. 'Two•Ald Pusile a Cul:Jane, and
Ths Review. i

THEATRE ROYAL, ENGLISH OPERA-HOUSE,

aTII %KO.
Thle Evening. PPM %V, Qeptember 17. will ho Porfortnoll
enoTitt:ti AND cla
1)..n Sylrfaile now.. Me. Phalpilat lAA ebrietoval de Tortree. Yr.
'Bartle): Pacheco. Mt. W. Chapman; Rartolo, Sir. Keeley. Dustala
I.,dera. Disc Paton ; DODOS Ml.e Carr: Agatha, Mu Po% cy ;
ttu,e4the. Mlle Harvey.

After which.
JONATHAN IN ENGLAND.
JusughanW.D•mb,Otns, Mr. Mathews: N.r Leal ter:lpOrneseresfer. Mr.
Bartle:: Mr. Ledger, Mr.W. .tennett Mr. Heavier:v. Mr. nr..aahtirst;
Natty Larka:,or, WIT. Keeley, Jensany Larkspur. Mr. Tayletue; Aga-
memnon. Mr. sIOUIIII. terellattedirt Mr.O. GrOVe MU.
11;;:dan a) ; Patty, Shea Henry.
- - -

• •
To eosi,:ude with
1111. Olt MIS?.
Dtck Cypher. Mr. Me hews; Jeer! Illowom. We. Rayner t O'Rourke
(Wally. ler. Power. Dolly trOsley, MlrPovey.
Tv-tuurrew, Der Irelsebstrouul Gretna Drees.

•
NEW SURREY THEATRE.
Under an entlrey new Management.
This present F It! DAY. September 17. will be presented an or!gltial
a•ii extraorithlary Melo-J./rime, founded uu a highly poyuLtr and
interesting German Stott . called
DF:Ft FRENCHUTE:
Or. THE DEMON 0Y THE WOLF'S GLEN AND THE SEVEN
CHARMED nu LLeTs.
The Music untie, the itumedf,te Direction of W. Hawes. Fag. The
Ple,e written by Mr. WI, Author of " Thal.d.a." Stooling lkommo"
Re. tea and produced by 14r. Auld.
Prateipal Charixters—Messrs. Cratit. Rowbothain, Auld, Loyettay.
Harwood Young. lienuings, and Honor, Mrs. Young. Mrs. Ten-
ne-t. and Mrs. Loveday.
ro be preeeded by tt e celehnits d and sublimely leer Mc Overture eon:-
poled by Carl Marla Von Weber. aided by eu ItlelreS*,l On:best:a.
After wiVeh a favourite Sung by Mr. Gibbon.
The whole to conclude with the Melo-Drume ofNAVERLEYt
Or, SIXTY YEARS HENCE.

The Bat TIAN Pa css commenced publishins! yesterday morning
at a quattrr past five o'clock.

LONDON, 1:111DAY, SEPTEMOCR 17, 1624.

We are still without the official announcNnent of the
decease of L 01,19 XVIII., though no reasonable iltarl4 can
exist that the KING is dead. Private letters from Paris,
dated on Tuesday evening, affirm that the fact hail taken
place at four o'clock on that day, and that Mostuaua
was proclaimed Kira of FRANCE that evening, by the
style and title of CHARLES X. The rumours which are
circulated respecting the fluctuations of the lit vu's health,
do not dieturb the public tranquillity. The Rentes have
advanced, and the fullest confidence seems to he tilt that
CHARLES X. will not deviate from the path in which
Louts XVIII. has proceeded. We are strongly inclined to
b.dave that the new Kist> will be disposed to fall into
the established .ystem when he has ascended the throne,
whatever may be his feelings at present. It is consolatory
tube assured that the peace of Europe will not be affected.

The Report of the Anti-Slavery Society ie published :
it is written, we regtet to find, in a tone of considerable
arperity towards the colonists. The great object of the So-
ciety i; to urge his Majesty's Covermnent to interfere, by
parliamentary enactments, on behalf of the slaves, on the
pretext that no disposition really exists among the planters
to meliorate du condition of the negroes. The case of the
late Missionary Smith occupies a proininent station in this
document, and is etdarged upon as a proof of the utter ab-
sence of all fair dealing in the 'West Indies towards the
friends of the dares. The experiment at Trinidad is rather
C?.ll` tired than praised, and the reluctance of Mr. Canning,
ro force some general and sweeping measure for the aboli-
ti/n of slavery upon aU the Colonies, is somewhat hardily
represented as inducing the " nation to contract additional
geilt, by the unnecessary postponement of those reforms,
the moral obligation of which has been unequivocally ad-
mitted!' The report says—
•' The argument for delay, which has been drawn from the al-
leged inveteracy and antiquity of the evil to be cured, appears,
hcwevcr, to your Committee to have no force whatever when ap.
p!.,,cl to the case of infant or unborn slates, or even to Colonies
of recent formation. What indeed in the oldest Colonies, coned.
tees the oboade to Emancipation, but the effects produced by the
he' its of slaccry on the character of the individual who has been
Jong subjectel to it? Ta prepare the slaves foe the proper use of
freedom is not more ddlicult because slavery has existed for ages
than if it hwl beet begun at their birth. It is idle, therefore, to
talk of slavery being an ancient institution, or of its having been
known in all ages and countries. as if these encomia:tenets aug.
merited the difs,ulties or the accessary delays of its termination
in the Colonies of Great Britain. So to reason against those who,
Oddly aim at die freedom of the rising generation, and a children
yet unborn, is altogether irrelevant and misplaced. If there really,
exist any evils for the cure of which a single generation is not
auffici,:nr, let them be p9inted out ; and in the mean time he it re.
collected. that time difEculty of curing a moral malady, when invc.
terste, is clearly the strongest argument, not fur delay, but for
Epee& in checking its farther progression."

" The argument fur delay" will certainly not be beaten
down by this attempted refutation of it. In our opinion,
the " inveteracy" and antiquity of an evil, have something
to do with the means to be adopted for its removal. The
true objZtt of the aholitiontst should be how to reconcile the
amelioration of the Slaves condition, preparatory to his,
emancipation, with the rights of the Proprietor null the
general interests of the empire. No man can contemplate
a Ilaytian insurrection without horror. The question is,
how u shocling an event shall be avoided, while the wel-
fare of the Slave is promoted, fur avoided it must be at
every cost, even that of prolongtd slavery. Wo sultjoin
the passages of the Report in which the direct interference I
of Parliament is rce.ominended
The light of Parliamentary control over the Colonies hail,
indeed, berm lung settled, iu point both of law and precedent. But
rt is now roads manifest, as your Committee conceive, that every
nonsuleratrun, not only of right, but of expediency; Out only of,
mend emsritutional principle, but of re!arrd to the well-bring of
tis Zilasser se well as the Slave, concurs in mon:mending the
mane of Pasliamentary interposition, in preference to every other.
by those with wham

" Rut if k shoukt to'o thought tuntivissblo,
