THE REVENUE.

Some of the Journals say, that, in estimating die revenue, I
there has been an uncandid attempt to withdraw from ob-
servation the fact that a large portion has coodatod of the
repayment of the debt due to us from Ansi'''. To meet
this objection fairly, then, we will estimate the revises for
the last five years, taking it in each year at the October
quarter, and wholly excluding the Austrian tipsy Willi:—
IBM - - Z 35.03.470
1821 - - 55 551440
I 1822 . . 60.519.975
111 M - - 49 218,552
1824 . - 47.900.552
55ooyes or THE CUSTOMS DURING THE sae■ hilob.
18211 - .00.740.103
1821 . - 8,70,1156
11122 - - 9.470.760
1823 - - 9,919,323
11124 - . 10,278,243
PRODUCE OF rut EICI:4E DI RTNO THE SAYE PL5186.
lON - .C 25.4314385
11121 . - 23.471.203
18 *2 - - 23.048,322
11t23 - - 24.401,243
1824 - - 24,319.852
Haring taken this comparative view, we ought now to con-
sider the extent of the late rtpcala of taxation, in order
clearly to understand the progress the country is making.
These hare been as follow :-
1821--Agricultural Dome Duty if 480 000
11122--/M Malt - - 1.500 WO
On Salt - - - 1,500010
Ott Leather . 3011000
On Tonnage . . 1811.100
On Irish t 1 indows, Sc - 2110.000
1023-111m,szkl 'Faxes . - 2,309,000
Irish dinn . 180.080
Siiirita. Ir land . - 3110,4000
Ditto. Scotland - . 310.000
1624—0 n Foreign W.ml - 350.1100
On Silk - - - 460400
(In roala - 2110,1000
Out Rum - - - IMAM
On law Stamps - - 200,001.1

DI. 520 0110

Let us then. for a moment, .oppose that there hate been
no inert ase of Revenue on the Tales still subsisting, whet
would h.' ye betn the result?
Itcvenue in 1820 - - X 50,883 4711
Talcs reduced since . . 8.520.080

£32,163,475
which would he the Revenue for the year just ended in the
case we hart! supposed. But the accounts which we yester-
day published chew the receipts of
The last twelve months to lisvc bean . C47.81/11.1192,
From which, ii we deduct •2,1R5,475

We find the real increase to be - .C 6.736,617
upon the unrepealed Taxes; and we repeat, that in this
calculation the Austrian Repayment is left entirely out of
the question.
_ - •

If it be objected that the reductions of taxation made in
the last session hate not yet produced their full effect, we
reply, that the repayment of the Silk Duties more than
compensates for that circumstance.

NEAPOLITAN LO. IN.

NAPI ZS SF. PT. 22.

FINANCE DEPARTMENT.
His Excellency Count Ltuloff, Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of his Britannic
Majesty, has transmitted to the Royal Government an
authenticated Copy of the Act of Consignment in the
Bank of England, of the Contract signed on the 15th of
May, in the present year 1824, by his Majesty the Kin„'
our Lord, for the Loan of 2,500,000/. sterling, and a Copy
of the corresponding Contract entered into on the Wit of
February, with Mr. N. M. Rothschild, by his Excellency
the Chevalier de Medici, Councillor Minister of State, Se-
cretary of State for the Finance Department, expressly au-
thorised by his Majesty, in the said Act.
The above-mentioned Latin is represented by twenty-
five thousand special bonds of 1001. sterling, bearing au
interest of five per cent. per annum. Etch bond is ac-
companied by seventy-two bills for half-yearly interest.
These are payable on the first of February, and the Ist of
August, in each year, at the Bank of N. M. Rothschild, in
Loudon ; they will also be received as money at the ex-
piration of the respective half-yearv,or in the course of them
(deducting, however, a discount of four per cent. per
annum) at all the public offices of Naples and in its en-
virons.

There will be employed as a Sinking Fund on the capi-
tal of 2,500,0001. sterling, a fund in each half year of not
less than 19,500/. sterling, being a fund of not less than
one per cent. per annum.
The Sinking Fund will be gradually augmented by the
regular half-yearly payments to the bank of Mr. N. M.
Rothschild, as if the amount of the bonds had not been
successively diminished by the said augmenting Sinking
Fund, as well by the liquidation of the Bonds at Nap:es, or
at other places, as by the redemption of the capital by
means of a tirage public/we.
Afterwards she debt accruing from the loan of 4,300,000/.
sterling will be redeemed in the course of thirty-six years.
His Majesty has condescended to grant, on account of
the loan, besides his own Sovereign guarantee, a mortgage
on all the property and revenues of the State, and the
same guarantees and prerogatives which are, and which
may be, granted for the lUntes insewihed in the t;reat
Rook; and further, for the more perfect security of the
Sinking Fund, of the capital, and of the payment of the
interest, his Majesty has been p!eased to grant for this
loan a special mortgage on the animal receipts of the Cus-
toms, and of the ;,,rantr, and the rights reserved to the
Ctown.—Giorriak del Regso Belk

AUSTRIAN Loam, negotiated by Mr. N. M. Roths-
child in London.—The half-yearly dividend on the said
Loan, falling due on Monday, the Ist of November, wiil
be paid on that and every succeeding day (Sundays ex-
cepted), between the hours of ten and two. It is re-
quested that the dividend warrants, with a list thereof, in
numerical order, may be left one day previous, for the
purpose of being examined.—New-court, Sept. 29, Mi.
On Tut slay the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund
purchased stock to the amount of 26,000/., beinf about
s,ooo/. more than the daily sum appropriat.d during the
last quarter to that purpose. It is understood that the
amount applicable to the Sinking Fund for the existing
quarter will not be has than
‘Ve observe that t! c Dank of Scotland has reduced the
rate of interest on deposits from three to two per vent.
This is decidedly a discouraging symptom, as it shows the
ditlicu7ty o 'finding advantageous employment for capital.
It is probable the other batiks will follow the example
and if this take place, the rate of interest on deposits will
hay: fallen one-half in this city within the space of three
or four years; for a short time ago it was four per cent.
.A query arises, whether the rate of discount will experi-
ence a similar decline, and be reeuced to three per cent.—
SeeLonan.
The late Major Cartwrtglit's will rat dated the 9th of
June, Pets. He bequeathed the whole of Ids property I
(enumerating as a part of it his half-pay as an officer of the
navy, and an annuity from the Duke of Somerset) to his
wife, whom, with his niece, Frances Dorothy Cartwright,
spinster, he appointed his executrix; and in case of his
wifes previous demise, substituted the hitter as his sole
legatee. They both survived hint, but his niece only took
a probate of his will, power having been reserved to the
other executrix. The cli'ects were sworn under 800!. The
grant passes the Prerogative seal on the 7th instant.
On Monday evening week a very respectable number of
individuals assembled at the George Inn, Huddersfield, to
meet the celebrated philanthropist, T. Clarkson, a member
of the London Anti-Slavery Committee, at which meeting
he gave a very interesting account of his labours for the
last eighteen months past, after which a comtuittee was
formed, and a President was chosen, in order to forward
the views of the Society.—York Currant.

•
CAMBIUM:I:, OCT. IL—I-ester'le being the first day
of Term, the following Officers wet* appointed for the en-
suing year:—
Pr...toes—Thomas Dicke& M.A.. Jesus College ; Henry
Tiodzer, ALA.. Pembroke Hall.
Tarn_-John Lodge. 31. A., Magdalen College; Hastings Rn.
binson, M.A. St. John's College.
Koderotori7—.lolm Warren. 1.A., Jesus College; Temple
Chevalher, 31. A., Catherine Hall.
Serfftlistrs—Win. ti. Juilg:titn. M.A., TriAlty College ; Thomas
Greene, LLD., Cc.riitts Christi College.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

ALGIERS.

Notwithstanding the long period which has elapsed since
the official notification of the favourable issue of the ex-
pedition against Algiers, the public have not yet been
acquainted, through that or any other channel, with the
terms of the convention which followed the submission of
the Dry. It will be recollected that the points in dispute
were the insults offered to the English Consul, by a viola-
tion of certain privileges enjoyed by him at Algiers, as
the representative of the British nation, and particularly
an infraction of that article of the treaty made with Lord
Exmouth, renouncing the practice of condemning Chris-
tian prisoners of war to slavery. We are not in posses-
sion of the official document, but we understand that the
following is the substance of the Dey's declaration on these
two subjects, signed by him and by Mr. Macdonald, in
his capacity of British Consul-General to the Regency of
Algiers.
After the usual preamble, and referring to the treaties
existing between Great Britain and Algiers, which provide
for the entire safety and freedom of the person anti estate
of his Majesty's Consul-General, the D. y specifically de-
clares, that he is readily disposed to comply with the wishes
of his Britannic Nisjestv, in proof of his sincere desire to
establish more lastingly Ilas peace and harmony so happily
subsisting between Great Britain and his Regency; and he
therefore heartily promises,
" Ist. That for the future, and for ever, the British Agent
and Consul-General residing in the city and kingdom of Algiers,
shall be treated It all times with the respect and civility due to
his character.
" 3d. That his person and his house. or houses, shall be invio-
lable; and if any person injure or insult him, by words or deed,
such person shalt be severely punished.
" 3d. That he shall have liberty to choose his own interpreters
and servants. either Mosselmen or others, who are not to pity any
tax or contribution whatever.
• Ith. That he shall have the liberty at all times of hoisting his
Majesty's flag at the top of his house, either in town or country,
and in his boat when he passes on the water.
•` Mh. That he shall lint pay ditty for furniture, clothes. baggage,
or any other necessaries which he imposts into the city or territories
of Algiers. for the dile of himself or of his family ; and that if the
nature of his Britannic Majesty.* service, or any other motive, re-
quire his absence from the ltingrioni, neither himself, bit servants,
baggage, nor effects, shall be stoppeil or detained upon any pretence
whatever, but that he shall hale free leave to go and return as often
as he may think it necessary; and finally. that all honours or pri-
vileges that are now, or may hereafter be granted to the Agent,
Consul. or Vice-Consul or any other Bower, shall likewise be granted
to his Britannic Majesty's Agent, and Consul-General, and to his
Vice-Consul."

" On the other point the D•y distinctly declares, that
be is willing to abide in the strictest manner by a former
declaration, concluded by his Highness's predecessor,
Omar Bashaw, with Lord Exmouth, in 1816, engaging,
that in the event of any future war with any European
Power, not any of the prismirrs should be consigned to
slavery, but treated with all humanity as prisoners of war,
according to European practice, and by which declaration
the practice of condemning Christian prisoners of war to
slavery was formally renounced."
The clause in the above declaration, wherein it is stipu-
lated that the British Consul shall have the liberty
4' of hoisting his Majesty's flag at the top of his house,
either in town or country, or in his boat when he passes on
the water," is, we understand, perfectly novel, no Consular
flag ever having been hoisted by the British, or by any
other nation. It is, therefore, at the request of the Dey,
privately stipulated, that the hoisting of the British Con-
sular Ler' over the house in the town of Algiers is not to be
enforced, the Iley declaring, in the most explicit terms,
under his hand and seal, that the absence of the British
flag over the town-house shall not deprive it of any of the
privileges to which the hoisting of the flag would entitle it.
The prisoners of war detained at Malta in cons;quence
of the hostilities with the Dev of Algiers, were embarked
on the Isth of August on board his Majesty's ships Phaeton
and Cyrene, which sailed the next day, for the purpose of
restoring them to their country and their families. The
Phaeton carried 131 to Algiers, and the Cyrene .59 to Buna.
They had been in confinement since April. when the greater
part of them were in a diseased state, from the hardships
they underwent on their pilgrimage, for they were detained
on their return from Mecca. They had been subsequently
completely restored to health, and in departing expressed
their gratitude for the treatment they had received during
their detention in Fort St. Salvador.

Mr. Macdonald, the late Consul at Algiers, has arrived
passenger in the Nocton packet, from Gibraltar.
We have been favoured with the p rusal of two letters,
one dated Bombay, the ‘2oth June, the other, Chittagong, I
May 24, the latter written by an officer concernel in the
unfortunate affair of Ramno. The Bombay letter merely
alludes to the regret felt there at the fate of those who
suffered in the action ; the other states that there is every
reason to believe that the Burmese had received private
intelligence of the exact force of the British, from some of
the :tinge at Ramo°, with whom, though apparently hos-
tile, they were really acting in concert. This was suffi-
ciently evident at the Butnapullung stockade, which was
abandoned by the Jematlar, without offering any res:st-
tance ; and, to prove the conceit between them, the Bur-
mese suffered that native, with his force, to retire without
molestation. When the enemy advanced, on the 15th
May, the left flank was entrusted to a strong party of the
Mugs, but when the attack of the 17th commenced, these I
abandoned their post at the first fire, and fled with the great-
est precipitation. To this is aserihel the destruction of the
European force; for the flank being then entirely ex-
posed, the enemy poured down upon the troopa from all
quarters. These Mugs, to whose dastardly conduct the
defeat may be laid, are the natire inhabitants of Arracan,
who, oti the defeat of the Rajah of that province by the
Burm tie, and the subsequent conquest of his whole terri-
tory by that nation, preferring flight to servitude, took re-
fuge in the Dumbuck hills, on the borders of Chittagong,
and in the deep forests and jungles that skirt the fron-
tier. Here they formed themselves into tribes of
independent robbers, and caused, by their frequent iitstp-
flee% great molestation to the Burmese. Many of these
have since been located in Chittagong and its neighbour-
hood, by the policy of the ilety,al Government, which was
anxious to render its frontier on that side as populous and
strong as possible ; and from the national wrung they had
suffered from the Burmese, it was expected they would
have formed, assisted by European officers, a barrier against
any attacks from that quarter. Tile miserable defence of
their native land, which, in a few months, was utterly
subdued, proves, however, their extreme cowardice; and
the treachery of their conduct at Itamoo shewa this has
not left them.

The Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs have
caused large bills to be posted at Margate and along the
coast, offering 100/. for the discovery of the person or per-
sons (supposed to be smugglers) who, a short time ago,
carried off, in a boat, one of the seamen belonging to the
Preventive Service, stationed at Bexhill, in Sussex, whom,
it is supposed, they murdered, as the body was afterwards
found washed on shore.

The Columbia, Ni•Killar, 3,696 ton ship sailed from
Quebec for London, on the dtlt Septeinkr, anti is daily
excted.
Most of the cotton-works in this town have now been
shut up for a month, anti we regret that there is yet no
prospect of the operative cotton-spinntrs coming to a right
understanding with their employer.. One proprietor has
engaged weavers for his wheels at set wages of one guinea
a week ; and anxious to attain a business so much better
paid, and in every point so superior to their own, the men
are paying grrat attention, and arc coming on far beyond
the proprietor's expectations. The cotton-spinning, we
are informed, is by no means so difficult to learn as many
people suppose. %Vial aix days teaching, experience only
is necessary to complete time spinner.—(ausgow Olt-marl&
MAIDS-NINE., ()CT. tc2.—The hop-packing will be over
in this part of the county by the middle or end of the
I week. It is calculated by persons who have opportunities
of judging, that the crop is about one-fifth shone' than had
been generally expected, but we hear scarcely any com-
plaint of colour or quality.
Werra A BAD CONDCCTOR Or IIIEAT.-POUT a little
sulphuric ether on the surface of a glass of cold water, and
set tire to it. The ether will burn for a considerable time,
producing a large vol •of flame ; but when it is extin-
huirhed the water will be found not to have been at all
eated. This shows that water will not convey heat down-
wards, and that if we want our kettles to bell, heat must
be applied at the lower part.—Cheri:.
