SWITZi.-RLAND.

1 .:, • . , --- •
Frankfort and other liermaft Papers to the lOth inst.
reached us yesterday.. It appears that jive Council of the
Canton of Tesesino ut so alarmed at the residence of a fete
foreignits among therti, that most rigorous decrees 'hay.?
bean issued against them. The @Wont* are extractiii—
, . _ •‘. • . sivirgest.axo, Jul r. It
InsTillGit of Statweef Oat CAnteo ,4‘. Talmo has a...dived a
bigatitsPeeling all femigiess Ingemant in the Camay,. that
aldose w harem ;tideland gaggempnfillianni front the Vaulted
nif Sam may be ordered immediately to depart, and, if needful, to
c°ol*Z,Pyff lite ftettnent. T$ ibiad entek of this resolution
romp : forgivers who are con In soy of the foliar..
'n2 tr rboll. ea no protenawbineme, be tolerated is the Cm-
too, cannot, therefore, be furnishad.with Hennes of say kint. :.
I. Those lidsg hale beat obliged te lave their owa country on
amount of pellucid usaegreselent, ~,..:... •
3. Those who have jinn 4...., causes in their own
country, and hare m s:sped pu . light
3. Those who are affected by ea eonveatitms with mixt
States. tor the delivering up of criminals; hotly,
. 4- All deserters and re d cosecrims of allied and frlen4ly
FOWITh If any :ipiliridasis of above desairi'on. hare obtained
effo66o, to rctuft bv menthe, improper taitimentcs and papers,
er otherwise, they will, if diecorered, be proceeded against by the
Council of State, al shall be found expedient.
The Municipal Authorities areenjoined to see to the execution
of this ordonnance; and they are to pay 40 francs for every foreigner
dispovered.withia their district wjrq has not the parobsion of the
Council of State, which will from time to time mime search to be
made, and lamination collected, in whatever maatieg It shill juihrt
proper. It seems that all the rummy inspoutions of this ore.on.
nano& which wad issued es nth April, were fated insufficient ;
for eh the 11th Mal wordier was issued with stW stricter met i-
llicit*, The llunieipatitisy po osieof being _ .are to take :see
dcier,
that every foreigner residing In the Canton dun re actual semi.
rity is the sem of MS ft once. Accurate lists of shall be
kept in each parish, stating die names, country, maim its. of
every foreigner. his licence, end the time of his arrival and depar-
ture. Every Municipality is to send an emend copy of these lists
to die Council of Stitte In the first three days of June.
HANOI'S*, MAY t.
due government Ina at length obtained bees dies of England an
order to his Majesty's ships to protect Haieseeriate. motels against
the Algerine corsairs, and has sent notice. of thiseireametanin to
the provincial Magistrates, sad to the Coeds Is Franca, *sin,
and Portugal, Thus North German ships an at length naOgate
to safety the Mediterraoran, from which they have been, as It were,
banished, and they will, doubdess, and themettlrei of this

llbenr.

TIIE BRAZILS.
'ilk following iriicle from liable has ruched us
BAH lA, MAILII 24.
We have nen the Diaries 'do Cairo° of Pernambuco, anti from
the official pieces inserted in them, 'e iee the contrary of what our
enemies would fain ade us, yes. the most exact regard to the
orders of his Ins ' hlarsey, ond resrectful applications to him,
that he may ranetty *hat spans contrary to the Interest of the pro.
since, wltiele irdabt be diferettt from those of all WWI. Antorg
them
.papas„ is i decree .of the Government of yernasubuco
on the Emperor's deciee*-1"

laes*
Antennae
oublioczang4looo.
;SW Foreign
pass ._
to the
aviary the her
sir—lt is my Mho Irish that the commission which the Ring
of England has thepatithed to the Republic of Colombia, should
be the means of establialsing a firm and solid alliance between it.
two countries. The magus' interests of both countries require this
comppaacett, and I confess that I do not pensive any obstacle uthe
accotnplishmtmt of this most desirable object. -I cannot but ac-
knowledke, that England at present but little informa.
lion on South America, a toiazds which nature has been so
libmaL-I may say so prodigal, of her mast precious gifts. white all
the productions peculiar to tropical climates, and the pester pan
of those of the temperate climate of EnroPe, en to be met with LI
abundance. but your Texellens'y permit tue to assure you,
that the British nation is not macrame of the sacrifices that hare
been made by the people of Colombia, nor of the valour and deter.
mination which has been manifested by the army of Colombia
daring the sanguinary and arduous cooilict it has been engaged in
to free itself from an oaptessive state of slavery. I eon coritMently
&Rims, that the British people foil the most lively interest in the
welfare and prosperity of Colombia; one your Excellency st.ll
permit me to declare, that I participate in thole generous feelings to
the fullest extent.

It is said, Sir, that Frame wishes to assist Spain to re.conquer
that countries ; let not the people b( Colombia entertain any ap.
prehension of such an in vasias, for in Great Britain it will dad a
tirm and constant friend. I hare the honour to present a snuff.
box to your Excellency, on the pert of his Britannic Majesty, to
testimony of his esteem.

igus4l ontit; Imperor-s.. re Cecfeeidi;;;;I;;;;11of Porto;;
vowels and property, and the suspension of commerce teith Poe.
rzrabitiably which Istideclared.tbahoreagonnably tvivpirit of thar
mannfiscdeMieetlsauVirs=6, eletinillb=1:1110 raise:
*hips.:—U !adopt-ode/4c Consiitaciomi to Agri/ 1.
C 0 4.031111A.--tae soar.)
Speech adireacnd .by Woad Hamilton, Arm Commissioner from
his Britannic Majesty, to his Excellenty the Vice-President of
the ReptiblioVl the occasion of his being presented so him by
the Minister reeeign Atoka on the Oth of March. at halt.
past 11 cell logethm with Cimpbell, and Mr. Cade, de-
