COVEN T-GARDEN THEATRE.

After the comedy of' The Jealous Wife, which,
supported by the powerful talents of Miss O'NEILL,
and Messrs. Yutireo, TEIttlY, Joh Es, [Awn's, and
BLANCHARD, strut off with unl ))))) soled eclat, is
new serious drama was last night pet forlate.j.. TIM
piece is, isee are informed, mitten by a win of Mr.
RAYMOND, the late respected tnatiager of Di stry-
lane isheatrr. It is entitled, 'l'he ('utile if l'alu:::i
or, The Extorted (.14 It —41.11 smote of the usysie-
riteut extravagaticieri exhibited by Nlatlanie MANSON
and BASTIDK, iii the recent trial for the murder of
Moos. FUALDEs. are introduced in the aft* I act.
Perhaps we are too near the lie • I wisest the fatal
event which gave rise to that curious trial took
place, to justify, in point of delicacy and feeling,
any dramatic allusion to it. However, it is not
unlikely that our Gallic neighbours will improve
upon the example—and, borrowing from the co-
pious stores of tie I% eirgate Calendar, treat their
British visitors with is scettic represetitatiou of some
horrible atrocity of English !growth. The plot may
be sketched ill a few lints :
Julia Palmist is beloved by Ferdinand, nephew to ilia
Manion de Catlett°, Governor of Violence. Vinod Salviati,
a Florentine Nobleman, is the haulm friend of Ferdinand,
until he hrls.ll.li his love'y mistress, with %Loin be In 41/111VS
enamoured. no Ismail-hip it 51(54 couveried into hatred,
and he determlnes to effect the suits of F. rdinansl, in the
hope, 111,4 rival 1.1114 to •e4l, of g silting, the hand, if not
the heart, of Julia. Ferdinand, *hose dirty to a soldier
oldie's him to isrneeed storied in the to rite.. of los country,
his beta taken prisoner by a body of nougat-am troops.—
Ile is prevesstest, by sickness, f aaprising hit relatives of
tens situation, and Salt ion, assisted by Sorana44 a di'lwrate
adventurer, seizes this 0 pin.r.llllll y to effect his detestable
pus pose. fly meows of forged letters, he convinces Ille
CO4llll it of Floreuce that Fr oillisatul ban gone over to the
etieens—*slll, to similar 111r4110, illii3 is persuaded that
lie has (wankel, her and mart int the 'laughter of the
Polish A .II I.ptsu.l..r Fri di 'tam! is, in his r.brence, condemn-
ed to deatli—aiid the bawl .1 Julia Is 111.titiWCII 011 Sal viati,
Hornig three years nu tidings al e heard of lerdiwind—but,
at the expiration of that time, his uncle mei ives a let-
ter, ill winch he words his Innocrisee— &claret Ise knows
who his caliminialias are—slid calla 011 his relative to
tinware front the Council a new trial. Saranza hat rt.
craved notice of his arrival, and has elan learned that err.
gain doesonessis have fallen isitis hit lauds, which would
wove the guilt of Seinen end himself. He, theri fare,
hastens to his principal, and incite.; him to jssin in the
assassination of Fri Mutual, slit) is evacuated at the chat ean
of Paluzgi, once the residence of hit beloved Julia, but
*handout d by her since tier marriage. Stlviati, at first
nartles at the proposal, but Surroteso, by infla ttttt ig his
jealousy, Meats I • to join in the 111.111.111 P. Meantime,
Ferdinand procures an interview with Julia. and discloses
to her the villainy of her Ismshand-2t the same time dreier.
ing, that, to preserve her family from the disgrace which
must attend her huthand's convictiou, he will sacrifice his
revesige--place in her hands the iisscii meats whirl. were
in bit pustessi tttt , and leave his native country fur ever.
With rest diffieulty, he prevail. tos bar to meet barn
at the 'bateau P 4111221 that night, shire be promises
to deliver the Importsnt limier! to her. The meeting
takes place, but it is suddenly internipted by the arrival
or &avian 1.6141 Soranzo, accompanied by two bravos. Fee.
dilated awl the C test conceal theintelses—and the for-
mer, *6'll the Count and Sosatiasi retire, endsavonn, to
escape front the chateau. He is attacked by the assassins—
driven tutu the chateau—and, covered with wounds, is
fasted into a closet, where his enemies strike the derisive
blew-wwbeu the Countess rushes forth, imploring the merry
tif &avian. Soranzu and the 'HIM.% wish to destroy her—
lent site Is saved by her husband. She is, however, dinged
halo the clooet, where the stead lastly sif Fri-animal lit t, and
kneeling eon r it, she is constwlleil to swear that the never
will divulge the lion id sceue she has *ituirs.e.l. This part of
the drama was cleverly managed. The closet, the door of
which it open, stands exactly before an ininiemiely large
bruking-glass, iu a hick all the trausacti tttt A that are patting
with's, are reflected. Zefil 13 11, the attendant on Ilse Countesr,
atoll who has also witnessed the astarsitiation, uncovers the
glass, she's bee mistress is furred IWO the closet, and thus
gratifies her curiosity without being übserveti. The group-
ing of the figures behind the fictitious glass (fine gauze
hemg the substitute) war very striking, awl bad an excel-
lent efreit. The mueslis' it immediately discovered-1..e
Collates, and &Mita are apprelieuded as the ewrpetrature of
it—and are brought to trial. Here Me Countess uses
Ilse reeks. language attributed to Ma.laisie Manson.
She shudders at the sight of Sureties.), the %slide of
the piece—accuses him of aw attempt to murder her, hut re-
fuses in mention the indsvidaal who had saved her. Zr. him
is equally mysterious-wand, to speaking of their ealmordis
nary conduct, smarm/ has recwirse to the epigrammatic lan-
guage of liastide. At length Zerlinst produces a dagger,
which our of the assassins had droppest--uu elta ttt 1 t IMMO , it
appears to tortoli* tu Salviati, who, owes pole by shame and
reustrise, seizes it, aud execute: summary justice ou himself.
'lite great characteristic of this piece is heat/Meth
--and, even, its a serious donna, that !Mould be
avoided. Variety of action and interest a situation
ought to keep the mind ever on the avert, 7Ag
Cuille of l'alit.7zi is deficient in both—atiel !truce
it touvel tits most tediousks. This remark applies
particularly to the first act, There are, lit the
second. twu or three incidents, that told very well—.
111111 to which, indeed, the moderate success of the
drama may be attributed. The datlogue, though
sometimes a little inflated, is rather superior to what
we generally meet with its isrodtictions of this knot.
Mf. MACREADY, as Sa/ciati, mid Nits. FAuctr,
as Julia, perimined their characters with ghat
energy—and imparted considerable interest to their
principal revues. 31Iss FuuTti's Zeriina. and Mr.
Assurer t'eriiimeid, were also well supported,
Mr. TaltltY, Mr. Cutest's, 1411$1 lit.•Nelltattli, N.
the Guvernor, Surmise, end Paulo, t- Xerlell them-
selves successfully.
The new scenery' is pretty. %Ve cannot make the
saner ,
•
twit.
pal
N,

PUBLIC 4110AUMENT

TO THF. NEWRY OF THE LATE LAMENTED
PRINCESS CIIARLOITE. O IVALEa AND SAXE

CO Ml.

The Cenutaph C0111101ill“, after anion lv coutiolesing 11. e
various t aniraieuus 05,1 have rectiv.d, and in cuisine.
laity with wont Ibsy have ream, 1., Relieve is use w,sh
of be Public, be* leave to state that it is their intentiuu,
should their fends be adequate, to construct the propusid
'froiple of the Cenotaph tui a scale sufficiently vatt......yr to
admit of its being itppropriated to the purposes of Uivuite
Worship, cud yunatituted a free Churrb.

(Fur the Cummititr)

RRAJ. ROTCII. Jyu..

TO ME LIVERY OF LONDON.

GENTLEMOIIi—As a Liveryuaan of London I address nays
self to you, because the conduct of the Elitcturs and this
Members fur the City come snore intineitiatt kv under my
view; but my ulniervatious will out he found noapplicable
to all the Electors io the kingdom. The deputing of lusting
to represeut you in Parliament, is the most sacred and int-
purtaut duty you can exerclair i fur, upon their COlOlllOl tl,-
prods the safety, the liberty, mid the liappitimai of sbe pi,
pie. They bare the making of the law.—.they 11.,5e tlw
disposal of the piddle money—they C4ll It
or lay heavy and unjust imposts upon your isidustry. Th.
err, ur ought to be, the guardiaiir of your filo sly mid pro-
perty, and • control lit llse Ex, eittive Guyer it. Tie v
taught, as 3lr. Burke expressed it, ss 10 Ile a c.suirtil for, mat
nut a eosisrol upon, the people—so control Thoirstia P. mid mot
to soiree Nliiiioters to militia)l them." flow far Site,., sae,,,i
duties bate 614'11 Insuestly performed, tired out two Isi di—
ction d ; mess out of o handset& Id pt.tti tat lei it
are agreed Opus§ that point. Yost have too tisessei, wills dna.
pot and intliguatiou, the arbitrary and 4ll
measures which havelecently received Ihr sanction of large
iiiiijoritics in Parliament. You have seru the tlinisters of
the Crowu sitting in judittneut (Too their own nett. and
their influence the House of Commune pissing a 1/111 of I io•
detunity for their illegal acts, without even the rt ream/sly of as
inquiry into Ilse allegations of the nun. gnus iii titius.a Inman- t
the Lillie, complaining of their arbitrary, illegal, aiiil opprrs-
sive conduct. You have repeatedly cutup-law dof grievancess
of corrupt influence, and instructed your Mesiihers ill support
these complaints in Parliament. Yuu bare as ie,wated:y
seen your petitions neglected, and been compel!'
unit to the niurtilication of having pint up' • int-until
awl your instructions disregarded. A diastsiolion of
liainent is now expected, when volt will nolo have ourieiouis
to exercise your elective franchise, and wit. ti there Genii..
mess will agem, no doubt, have the hardihood to look you in
the lists. They will again cringe awl Oruro, in order to no
duce you, by re-elecinia theist, to give them isoniber se" is
yeali license to repeat the same insults, and to oboist the Ali-
uniters in layisiu any galling and inquisinirial imposts. which
they sway say the exigencies of the country require, or again
to suspend the Constitution, and vote for other Bills of
lu-
steamaly. Should you, however, degrade yourselves, by
again electing such men—shisold you neglect to select guru
of knowledge, expreieuce, of talcut and iudeprisitenue—
there is scarce!, any degree of cuistempt and odium that you
would nut deserve. Your lips rbuttlil fur t.Ver a:l,room*
le scaled : you could have nu right or pretrucc ti rumplsu,
of any iniseuesilett in your Represeututives. Their r: ply
would be, " Why did you elect us?" It us only Sit the Cit• tof
Loudon, and a few populous placer, shots any thing like
a free election can take place, for in must of the Surto'
she electors are as, much under the coutrol and demotion of
die patron, as 11w sheep and cattle in lois field,. liven ill such
',tact* it would be well for Ilse electors to comeiider, whether
it would nut be more fur their pi rot:Anent odraistuge, cress at
the hazard of their being bouts' out of their habitations
to shake all this miserable slavery, and at once say, w t 1 e
are men—we will exercise our privilege, awl • lot only h.r
those who will fairly represent us." But this ituinly
is nut to be expected us them ilegenerste nuns, v. treu we sr e
Lyra in the City of Lundou, awl the few other places where the
great bay of Ms ciccturs are comparat vely indepeudent, so
many swayed by the 'dust petty and selfish considerations. It
ie really painful to fist that men should rt quire to he d
to come ("mord to t xereise that which Its. ulfziti to Orsini
as a right Cicely and ioilependently to give, swell lent IL,I
they should yield to solicit:ll4ms iu visa:mom of It.rt, COL-
Setellee and their duty. What can be *aid of tutu w Iso hat e
been agrecibir to rraolutious and pelitims• comet g of
grievances—rho have area their Members shunt fully abati:
don their into rests, opposing their petitions, toad crimitiol: us
Ministers—who have beets uniformly eumplai ii i i tof throe
WISCUOLIUCt, and who will, nevertiwlesa, vote fur sue otsis•
men agaiii It is a very common thiligt reels among that
Livery of London, and those whose circutureaticeit and riliti.-
lion in life ought to put them far above ouch consnlcta•
Ito hear men say, after expressing the greatest contempt f r
their rapacity and conduct, ° 1 must give hie fittelettime,
ur Mr. SUCII-4•011e, a vote. Lam particalarly
I have lama solicited by a good costumer-1 have souse c. 0..
nections in trade which I must oblige," awl other tomtit'
excuses. It is impossible nut to feel the utmost contempt al
such conduct. What cats be raid of mess, who, cool"!
by such selfirli motives, can sacrifice a must important duty,
which they owe themselves, their fatuities, awl the Visitant.-
uity —who fur the sake of a ninon( advantage in trade, wow it
vutt: fur turn, who, by their conduct in Pas liatnew, a ill take
tess times the amount out of their pockets in taxes, nod lung
themselves thus to undermine and destroy that Constitution,
for the nisiutenowe of which their ancestor* slid mot 'scruple
to shed their blood Cap such meet boast of the exploits of
their anceoturs?—con they extol the courage mad twoitalicy
with which they sacrificed their liver, while they callow,
sacrifice a trifling advantage in the way ut Ituriwrr —I fear
that many of these individuals tire sot to be called back th
their ditty—vibes., I hope, bare erred wily for want of dim
cousideratiuu, awl will me the necemity of IllOttlaly and Ili,
depcudently eaercisiug their important (landing. If we look
back as far as memory eau trace, we should he alowst ready
to conclude slut the Livery of London had selected men for
their knouts bicapacily, imbecility, wad submrsience. Whit
Love they had men warmly attached to Oa rights and shit
liberties of their coartiluents, awl with capacity and cou-
rage publicly to support mid defend them ? liveu upon cum.
min occaotuoss, if it be but to support a Ball to widru the
streets, enlarge a prison, or to effect a regulation is§ some
branch u( its trade, @afar Irons giving lisy rfftettial support
to such measures, seldom has a City Member risen, hue by
has blunders aid absurdities be has excited the ridicule is(
the Wow, which have beet; geuertilly displayed by " food
laughs."
It is time we should endeavour to rescue ourselves fries
this degradation, and resolutely endeavour to Ireton, fat
mid proper persons. Happy should I be cook! l Ivor/
my fellow-city ma to • proper scare of ahoy, It become%
them ply to examine the pretensiton of eyes eitltate.
date, and to vote for those only who have given decisive
proofs of capacity fur public business—a hit possess nut oat>
a competent knowledge of all the local cuucerus, but au
WWI lit to the free and tudeptudent prioeiptes of the
Coustitution, in a;I matters relating to ohi‘h he eh,,od
area judgnieut sow experience. lt is titte nreemary that all
memot.,-, et lit be great orators; but certainly every Mall
bit aspires to that situation, especially as the Bewereut,t.
tire of the Metropolis of the British Empire, ought to art
company whir qualifications with tales* and courage tic
pa nte discounts's, and to be enabled, un all prow occa-
sions, to take a share in the debates of that House. And
would it not be disgraceful to the City of Loudon, if. atomic
so nw), thoosemts of its inhabitants, such tutu Could net
be found I There are cyphers enough in the thollar al, eady ;
the City of Loudon steed out add to Unswd but *Me was
r4fltelMt wary labrot NM bee er! sleb.
The

•

!!
