PARIS PAPERS.

PARIS, APRIL 10.
iler Royal flightiest. the Duchess of Berry has
entered the sth month of her pregnancy. The
health of her Royal Highness continues to be very
good.— ( 111 uniteu r.—Partie nfficielle.)
It is thought that M. de Courvoisier will, on
Saturday next, make his Report on one of the three
Laws relating to the Press. The Report on the
Estimates of Ministers, which Repot
on
the
Report on the several parts of the Budget, will be
made in about a fortnight. Every thing indicates
that the Chamber will accelerate its labours, and
that the Sessiuti will Hot be prolonged beyond May.
It is rumoured, that the Law on the Responsibility
of Ministers will not be discussed this year. The
Budet and the Press will occupy the remainder of
the Session.
Several Swiss families, amounting to about sixty
persons, walked yesterday iii the streets of Part-.
They are Anabaptists, who have quitted their
country with the intention of embarking at Havre
for America.
The arrival of Lord Whitworth at Paris has
In-ris for sonic days the object of conversation
g our politicians, and a diplomatic mission is
attributed to tins Ambassador that seems wholly
destitute of probability. It is certain that Lord
Whitworth was honoured with the particular
friendship of the King of France when his Ma-
jesty resided at Hartwell; that he has come to
Paris with his family to pass the flue season ; and
that the attachment he bears to the King deter-
tniiied him, soon after his arrival, to repair to the
Thuilleries, where the King received him in private
audience. It is not correct that the English Am-
bassador had presented him to his Majesty. Lord
Whitworth requirr‘ no formal introduction to be
received by the King of France.
A short time olive a kind of volcanic eruption
took place in the Swiss Canton of *riparian); u small
mountain, near Montbio, opened and poured forth

volume, of smoke, masks of rocks and flames.
Considerable blocks of stone were detached from
the mountain and rolled into the bed of • neigh-
bouring river. The air was, even on the following
morning. impregnated with sulphur, and lire was
wen in the crater which had been formed.
STOCKHOLM, MARCH 23.
General I%lontrichard, the liatetirlant of the Cou►t
of her Majesty the Queen of Sweden, who is now
in Paris, has arrived at Stockholm. It is thought
that this journey has reference to some arrange-
ments for the Goitre establishment of this Princess,
either here or in the capital of France.
At ►il o'clock in the morning of the.ul, a fire
broke out in the Roy-aria, the King's retreat,
►ituated in the Royal Park, saver Stockholm, about
• league from the city. 'rile rapidity with which
the Hones extended, prevented the possibility of
saving the house from total destruction, hut some
furniture and works of art were preserved. The
fire commenced iii the chimney, and the communi-
cation was the more prompt as the walls had but
little thickness.

E BRITI S II PRESS .

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY. Aram 14, 1819.

The Moniteu► of Saturday last, with the other
French Papers of the same day, has reached our
Office. The arrival of Lord t_VritrwwiTH in
Paris, and his immediate visit to the KING,
who received Inn in private audience, have given
occasion to numberless speculations in the po-
litical circles of that capital, respecting the
probable object of his Lordship's journey. But
the Gazelle de France contains r paragraph. evi-
dently from authority, denying that the Noble
Lord's visit is connected with any political purpose.
The Moaitear contains a long Ordinance of his
regulating the discipline of the prisons
througl t the kingdom, and appointing a general
(7ouncil, consisting of twelve person., to be chosen
by the KIN G, for the purpose of preserving or cor-
recting their discipline.
It is generally believed that the Chambers will he
prorogued in May next. One of the Deputies for
the Department of the Lower Rhine ii is recently
died, hut the Session is thought to approach to
its termination too closely to resider the election of

u succe“or necessary.
The Five per Cesite. nit Friday were-67 fr. 30 c.
—Batik Stock, 1,533 fr.

Letters from Pettrsl.nrgli, of the 15th ultimo,
mention that Prince Gustavus of SWEDEN (•un of
King Gusesvus IV.) has obtained permi►sion of
the Emperor, his uncle, to proceed to England, for
the purpc•se of completing his studies at Oxford
Report speaks highly of the virtues awl talents of
this unfortunate young Prince, who excites uni-
versal interest and sympathy in the Not th of Europe.
this feeling we mint largely share, for we can-
not easily forget the associations with which the
name of VASA is connected, nor the services reit-
(feud by two Sovereigns of that Illustrious noose
to the cause of Civil and Religious Liberty. It is
said that a g►eat Potentate has settled upon Prince
GUSTAVUS MI allowance of 2,000/. ►terluig per
annum during the residence of the latter in Eng-
land, and that on the return of his Royal flightless
to the Continent 1w is to evpouve his cousin,
Princess of HESSE-CASSEL, who, if rumour be
correct, hay lately rejected a matrimonial alliance
with the new Swedish dynasty.

We should not have deemed it necessary to call
the attention of our readers to the subject of
Meeting which took place on Monday, the 511 i in.
staid, at the Crown and Anchor Tavern, hail we not
seek, this day, with surprise, in The Dublin Even-
ing Post, a most extraordinary statement respecting
it. The Meeting in question, so far as we hare been
able to learn, consisted of about 46 Irish Roman
Catholics, of a low class. With respect to the
Chairman, Mr. DANIEL SULLIVAII, our inquiries
have been quite unsuccessful ; but the spokesman
and mover of the Resolutions, Mr. Timm As
MURPHY, is son, we are told, to a Mr. MURPHY,
II compositor of that Huse, and was Secretary to
the Cum ttttt tee of an Irish Charity School in St.
Giles's parish, from which situation he was recently
induced to retire, for some cense which we hope he
will ezplein. What could Icice influenced the
Editor of a respectable Journal, like The Dublin
Evening Post, to qualify such a Meeting as tins
" A Genteel! Assembly of English Catholics," we
are really at a loss to conjecture. Must of the
unfortunate differences which arise between the
inhabitants of the Sister Islands, owe their origin
to a mutual Ignorance of each other's principles
and habit.; but without pretending to be wiser
on this head than the Irish Journalists, we can-
not help thinking, we should not have mista-
ken the meeting of a few obscure English Ca-
tholics in Dublin, for a general asseititsly of the
Catholics of Ireland ; and wore especially, if, with
the most unblushing effrontery, they h..d dared
to nitwit every thing that was iliinittious or Tepee'.

able among the latter.
Of the mischief intended. and, we Loma to add.
already produced on the passions of the lowvr
closes of Irish Catholics in alit Met rOlioll6, through

the medium of a certain nsontlily incetidiary pub-
lication. we are not ignorant. It is so peculiarly
unfortunate, however, that just at the ses•on when
hari gggggg y has been lisi.pily restored its Ireland. that
discord should have been purposely finnentedarnong
the Irish in England, that we are inclined to
suspect that the common enemy Isere put their crea-
tures forward, in order to found a pretence for ar-
gument against the general harmony in which Pro-
testant and Catholic are now happily united, soil
to secretly undermine a cause become unassailable
by its enemies from without.

As the day approaches for ascertaining the senti-
ments of the new Parliament on the Catholic
Question, the advocates of religious intolerance end
political monopoly emulously address themselves
to the meatiest prejudices and worst pasoions of the
people. while they presume to style themselves
champions of the Constitution. They know but
little of the flriti•h Constitution if they suppose
that the excepting of four or five millions of native
subjects from the enjoyment of the advantages
which belong to that character. be consistent with
its spirit ; and they no less undervalue its strength
if they sesiously imagine that the extetistoit of its
blessings could endanger its security. There is
some degree of iucoinistency in saying that reit-
gions prejudices exercise no influence on the judg-
ment of those who refuse the Catholic Claims,
when in the very next sentence the religious prin-
, ciples of the Roman Catholics themselves are
brought forward to justify the impolitic seve-
rity exercised towards them by Protestants. If
we fear nothing but their political power, what
have we to do with their religions principles ? and
if the latter be the only source of slur uneasiness.

we mist plead guilty to the charge of religious in-
tolerance. When the opponents of the Catholics
tremble for the Constitution by admitting Ca-
tholics to a full participation in its advantages, one
unacquainted with the character of these formi-
dable persons would suppose them enemies to po-
litical liberty, sod that they were painfully and
anxiously seeking this boon solely for the power
of establishing slavery. fiat what is there in
the physical or moral texture of a Itutuali Ca-
tholic, that would make him an enemy to free-
dom, or induce him to court the charms of sla-
very ? Are his life and property, the self are of
his children, and the prosperity of his country, less
dear to a 'tannin Catholic than to a Protestant ?
No one will venture the absurdity of replying its
the negative to questiot:sso direct, and yet such is
the inconsistency with which error must ever be
maintained, that those who talk of saving the Coo-
'tithe from the communion of Roman Catholics,
as if their admission within its pale endangered its
existence, must of necessity maintain the enormous
absurdity implied in these questions.
It is well known that on this very important
question the Cabinet is and lies been fur some time
Cu very nearly divided, that a perfect freedom is
granted by Alittisters to their ordinary adherents in
Parliament to give their votes on this subject as
their own judgments may lead them. It Windd
thence appear that in the minds of the PRINCE
ItEGUNT'S Ministers the question of Catholic
Emancipation does nut assume that parr ttttt tint ni-
l(crest which many other 'stetsons are inclittett to give
it, and thence we must conclude • hat Ito*. ver cer-
tain individuals among them may adhere (conscien-
tiout.ly we have no doubt) to their itrigibal senti-
ments on this subject, they would suit imagine. if
Parliament were to accede to the cl-aim. of the Ca-
tholics, that any danger thereby threatened the
Constitution, either political or ecclesiastic. If they
did, they of comae would not remain in office,
estimated to the chalice of bring held responsible for
measures likely to be attended with dangerous
crmsrqueiscrs. This circumstance ought to teach
the followers of the Cabinet to treat with greater
mildness those who advocate the claims of their
Catholic fellow-subjects, and not to represent them
as enemies to the Constitution and the Established
Church. Such lattguage, as applied to those per-
sons, is istluinided ; but with respect to themselves,
it is fraught with danger. They might chance to
receive but an indifferent reward for their zeal and
energy. _

Yesterday Count Mc NSTER had an audience of
the PRINCE REGENT, at Calton-house.
Yesterday the dispatches for St. Helena and
China, by the ship B►idgewate►, were closed at
the East India House, and delivered to the Purser
of that ship.
wi‘h to call the attention of the Magistrates
of the different counties throughout England to
the notice given by Mr. IVESTKItN, in the House
of Commons, on the Ist April, of his intention to
move for a more frequent gaol delivery, iu order li
that they may consider the amine at their approach-
ing Sessions.
Lieutenant ASTLEY, with a party of seamen
from the Bulwark, Sir JOHN Coar;'s espithip, in
the Medway, have been sent to navigate the Royal
*Sovereign yacht from Deptford to Calais, for the
Conveysnee of the Duke and Ducl!ess of KENT.
The yacht left Deptford on Monday.
In last night's Casette o reward of one hundred
guineas iv offered on conviction, and also a free
pardon to airy accomplice giving such information
us may lead to conviction or the person or IWrVOnli
who have lately cusumitted eztesolive depredations
in the neighbourhood of We►tbury, iu the county
of Salop. particularly on the property of RICHARD
Tore, Esq. of Whitton, by setting fire to a house,
and maliciously cutting down and otherwise de►troy-
iug timber trete, to a considerable amount.
