bated more genii* for their welfare, who cotikpb meow anxious.
et. promote their welfare in his public capacity, or wuo woad vary
mole fully the same sentiments into priv Ile fate, which he was in
rp-enta in e few months. (This speech %tan P,llowctl by continued
• %realism of prsiee and kind feeling by the
fheAkoriff then appointed a Common Ilan, at mit o'clock on
Nior.ddy nest, for the pprpose of declaring the stlccesaful candidate..
Alter quitting, the Guildhall, the candidates were of Course
gowned by their friends to their-various destination..

ALOIREY ELECTION.
IrOOlT/1 lIAT.

Hut envoiwto, Peittrew, Jolla 11.
oft ante the poll hest night, and the event% wireh followed its
aasseesapnewt; of which I transmitted von a hatsty report. have given
ketereed iiSportance as well as additional irocrest to the contest
enielt oat for *his county. Notwhiptantline the nilvantegesi with
which Mr. Pallmenpresented hlnteelf as a Inimilidate. Mr. Hrome
Vothret's low and intimate connexion with the county as its Re-
presentative, and the &rims and uncompromising seal with which
tie revisited evety proppial fur the slightest alrenoinn in the ('urn
Laws, are circumstances that were rummest to have recommended
him go eactrerty to the landed morn-tors, the; she ascendancy of
his interest was conaidered indisputable by persons well informed
on all Meal nutters connected with this cou-te. The state of the
roll however, at the close of the third day, when Mr. Palkner had
more thaw trebled the majority *bier' appeared In his fame, at
the-cadet the to one day, has evieently crested a very Kennel feel-
ing of diseppointre eat anierTet the plot rote of Mr. Sumner. and
given per; ortlonAtle anOnutton to the friends of his rival. Throe
fee'ing. ate augetvetet by the extreme cond fence vein which Mr.
bonnet spear on :t.e preceding evening of being at the head of the
pen roenight, and by the very lowered- tree which he assumed
wh-n asletnitocto !t lest night. He s :mil what is eel tainly the
t tcL,that the snuegle is not yet decided. much less terminated ; hut
a euanty, said to contain not a great many more than 5,000
or t the utmost 6,888 freehoiders, of whom, at least 2.000 have
already polled, it is impoestible to shut out of view, the importance
of so large a majority as 300, on the close of a third day's poll. It
in generally supposed too, that Mr. Palimer's declaration last night
with regard to the leaning of his mind, on the Catholic question,
will eventually promote his intereat. it is certain to render him
more popular, as that was the only robject on which his adversary
seemed to have the vantage ground in the minds of the multitude.
I 3imeld observe. however. that his declaration was very guarded In
it. eherseter, and loaves Mr. Pallmer quits as unshackled as he
stead before it was made. Ile repeatel what he ft cquently before
mated. that he had not formed his opinion on the Catholic qutation,
and that nothing should induce bun to pledge himself to vote for
or against it; but when premed to dechoe the present bias of his
mind. he uthesitatingly stated it to be against the Catholics. I can
perceive only one objection to this declaration, which Is, that it was
not made at an earlier period of the centrit. That Mr. Pallmer'n
mind should be thus affected on a qnestinn like Cstholic emancipa-
tion, detract% nothing from his nilmitted intellicnee, and sound-
netts of undersumding. It is true, this important question his been
tinder discussion for a number of year. ; but if this argument has
any value, it liftmen presumptive proof of the extraordinary Bile-
. eithise with which t'.is question is atirmunded. If it was only a
subject of ordirary diffieuhr, no doubt it would long since have '
been satianietorily disposed of. and writing can be more inju.
Meioses ma Indeed mare abeurd, than that tha advocates of the
Catholic claims, should charge those who oppose them with
morrow-mindedness and bigot's-' incluse they claim to differ on
a question, which has diiidel for nearly half a century and conti.
rtes to divide all the eminent public men this ceuntry tuts pro.
decal, anti which, at least, since the fame. ion of the present Ca.
Linen has been discussed with mere lin testy, candour and temper,
than were ever before spelled to the discussion of a public mice-
Von. In short. it can be no disgrace for en ordinary man to find
insupenthre difficulty in deciding upon subject, on which such
trasstev.minds sea Canning end a l'ecl have differed—men, whose
able. just. and comprehensive views, have placed them on a sta-
tion of proud pre-eminence, in an age neculiarly enlightened and
intelligent. I know it is often said by the advocates of the Ca-
tholic question. that the sentiments of many public men arc al-
tered on this subject, but that rather than renido themselves on-
to-mime to a charge of inconsistency, they still continue to support
viatit they *erectly contemn. The best answer to !hie unfounded
assumption Is a reference to the numerous ',trances where public
men have confessedly chem.:ell their epinions on this question.
Need I mention any other example, but that adverted to yestertisy
by Mr. Pallmer, or the present Chancellor of the Exchequer, who,
at the commer.cemene of his public life was an Anti-Chatholie, but
s -bsequently avowed a conscientious change in his opinion ; not-
Withstanding which, he is now one of the most popular members
of the most popular Administration ever known In England. But,
to leave this uninviting subject, which I hare only touched upon
as it lay in my path ; the election In this county is considered by
many persons as a struggle between the proprietors of land, and
those who see designated, ad cviandum, the advecates for cheap
breed. Nothing can be more erroneous. If 3lr. 8 et loses lit.
election, it cannot be ascribed to his support of the Corn Laws.
The objection to 31r. Sumner seems to hare. arisen from his private
conduct and personal character, rather titan from his public and po-
litical principle.. lle very truly ebielev.id, on the first day of the
eiectien, that it was natural to expect that a man engaged so many
yeses in public business should have Oil:tided many individuals,
end it would seem that he has beep vend:illy unfortunate In that
respect, for he has certainly contrived to array naninst him a vast
camber of persons of all denominations. Ilia reception by the Po-
p.dace, on his retirement from the Town-hall yesterday, was any
Bung but flattering, and distinctly evinced the increasing dislike
teif towards hint by the lower chases. But however unpalatable
he sentiments on the questhei of a free trade in corn are in the me-
te:a part of the county, where there ere no great landed proprietors-
but where the population is chicly en4aged in manufacturing in.
duarry, by tar the greater proportton of the county is essentially
agneultural, and an avowed determination to support the Corn lAws
muse be a strong recommendatinn to any Candidate. i observed to
rot yesterday that the issue cf the contest would probably turn on
the tray in which that part of the co-trey lying t en' the Metropolis
was affected • • but this opinion I harertled, on the supposition that
the rural districts were pretty equally divided in favour of the con-
e erditSg Candidates. It is well known that the number of Free-
folders In the eastern part of ,ice county, either as eo.npared with
tne other districts, or with the population, is unusually email, which
Is Recounted for by the fact that a great majority of the proprietors
in that part of the county are emyhold and leasehold tenants.
Whilst lam on this subject, I may remask that there were no
voters from the immediate vicinity of Linden on the two first days,
aae, comparatively, only a small relmber arrived yesterday, • ma-
jority of whom, I have reason to believe, divided their votes between
Mr. Deribietl and Mr. Pallmer. The first two hours after the poll
opened this day was unusally dull, the freehoLiers eomle.g in very
slowly. About noon, however, coaches and various other vehicles
began to arrive in rapid succession, and by one o'clock the polling
wed going on briskly. An increased anxiety began to be felt by all
parties this day, as it was supposed Mr. Stunner's friends would
noise a desperate 'trowels at least to place him above bit. Pallmer
on the d ty's pelt. This expectation' however, does not appear to
have been realised ; during the entire day Mr. Denison kept at the
heed of the poll, and his return is consilered by all parties as cer-
tain. Mr. Pallmer came next in succenime and at all periods of
the day Mr. Sumner stood the lowest. At one o'clock tile numbers
vere as follow :

14enTsOn-,
•fit. Pallme7

17571 Mr. Sumner
_1612

1159

• I.

- .
Al this holm therefore, Mr. l'Amer had advanced 162 over his
kotegonist on the day's poll. anti hada majority of no less than 463
ott the gross poll. The town this day was not quite so crowded es
dam the preceding days; and .• the war of placards," which was ad•
verttd in by one of the Candidate( at the close of the poll yesterday,
ai"l which afforded all parties considerable amusement, appears to
be carved on with morn less rigour than it has hitherto been. To
a posting hill contnining the state of the poi last night, was ap.
netided this pithy counsel. "Oo 1100)me Sumner." Such • ter.
Ohio attempt' at • pun, (list Dean Swift himself, albeit the patron
saint of this species of witling„ must have deelared the manufac.
curer incorrigible. Meanwhile, the bairn continues crowded so
much, that it heeomes as exertion of some difficulty to obtain
a passage through the main street, and the interest with which all
(holes behold the contest appears by Do means on the decline. At
tits close of the poll to.dav, the town presented an appearance of
absitnal liveliness amt animation. The partisans of the several
Quail dates were marching in a'l directions, preceded by bands, and
(lie Windows of their commiose•roonis presented a display or
'k
tenth, beauty, and fashion, such as I have rar-ly witnessed. They
. 'red by no means the least gratified and interested spectators
that was going forward.
Tire o'Ctoox.
11iptm opening the doors of the Town 11111 this duy, preparatory
to the annooncement of the poll, the anxiety to possess places was
sway great; occasioned, Do doubt, by a report which had got
aohead, that Mr. Sumner meant to withdraw, a exenotir for which
Whit teas no better Inundation then the circumstance that Mr.
Branner was known to have lost considerably on the day's poll.
Deriwg the last two or three hours of polling, many voters had
wino from distant parts of the county, and now crowded into Court
to hest the announcement of the poll, and the addresses of the se.
tehtl Cundiela.ea. Amoogst the persons of rank who voted in the
(*time of the day was herd Will:nos Russell, who came to town
for The purpose of rutin,/ for Mr. Det.k.)3 and 21r. Palhoer. The
forces f eon the Borough and the trio-11,41131e vicinity of London,
hid! a few exception', voted in the same way. The moon of a
boat number of Clergymen will he f turd atoonet the voters fur
jii.r. ti.01T111•1. Before the Sheriff proceeded to the Town-hall, he
flisitil 1: necessary to take the pees-Soden of posting a ',umber of his
ravelin men in different parts of the Court, to preserve order sod
prevent Otose frequent interruptions which the Candidates met wills
f*, addressing the freeholders on the preceding data
epen the appearance of the Candidates lie Cruet, they were
419 with ,appleine sod disapprobation, in ptoportion to the
77e'lrffoirdhheifrhfirnieet7ederirIeetnfitIltade sitestsesieffetihr'eap'n7ll,haethill7E;
chit any, lb be as iodates:—
fllglison - - . IKO I Sumner - .
Pollmer . - 1707 -I
prisaennoneernent was received with loud applause by the per.
Besot of Mr. Nikes and *Pr. Derison.
Mr. Damesiee (sot eteing highest on the rh:, then presented
hirtntelf Ile felt deep", thoseyeptated marks of kindness nod con.
iii4neer It seat a prpof that they conceived be sad faithfully dis-
til?. 'edLis dv lig. (iAttilkuse ) lino night lie ptodrted that he
till'
coiiiiime .at the head of the poll to-day ; this was the more
ing intim, tbseowie* *hewed he 66014 depend on the pm.
et 'urns htiehtilifeeta. 42ecrr.) lie most row Advert 'to an
Obilerrn.i.ft frilleh Mel fellas . Lis nip. VI epee(( oof r.-siwat fin
bAlliklierti 11100Irlit• was lbw .001111 k trams els ereillyi

120

log. His ii°ll‘ rTillteti mill 'he ropregonted the landed iatevest
the ()aunty. The How. Illetaleman did not (miry 'he su.ppeet
the landed proptietore exclusively. He ditto. Denison) had gc4s
Eellatot, full as many promisee limn the higher ranks ss his lion.
Friend. He knew his Hon. Friend's support ;he was supported
by the Magistrates, the Clergy. and the Gentry, anti lie (Mr.. De-
nham) knew, to hi. cost, that at the quarter sessions he generally
found himself in a minority, ant his Hon. Friend had the majority.
1 eh+ he had not the exeSweree support of the landowners, either in
his own part of the county oe any other put. One more °burrs-
lion : as long as he had 'the good fortone of standing highest on
the poll, and had the good fortune of seeing the fairy forms
.which grated his brother-Candidate's Ceannittee.rootne, he cared
not how long the poll lasted,
Mr. PA L 1.11 Eil then pi eunted himself. He thanked the Hon.
Dentleman for his allus'on to the ladies who honoured his Corn.
mitten-room with their pi melee. It was an observation de elle,
bested lady to the Queen of France, " That It was a pity gratitude
hail not a language of Its own, for that no other language could
speak it." (Applause.) This was his case, for te could net speak
the sratitude he Felt for the indulgence he met front his fellow.
freeholders. In allusion to what had fallen from his lion. Friend,
in reference to the lauded interest, lie must nay he saw no sena.
rate interest in the county ; there should be no distinction between
the different classes, and the landholders should be last to break
tier..ngh the delicate ties that bound the I dames of society.
It was easier to obtain than to use success, and he hepought them
to be moderate. Thanking them 'or all their kindness, he besought
them in add to their other triumph,' that of moderation. The
people had Nucceeeell ; the popular voice was successful; they had
triumphed, the cause of the CMlSlittltioll had triumphed. (Conti.
oiled cheers.)
Mr. St, st :gra then came forward. Ile had-been four times re.
_ .

. . .....
turned •• Perliament. of more is the pity.") Ilebelieved
he had she apprubatinn of his constituents. (('vwe of " No, no.")
He had lost the frienl who could describe his character. His nom
Erteml, Mr. Palimer, not two years ago, had eulogized his private
and public charaeter,at a Gland Jury dinner. (Hisses and laughter).
Since that panegyric how had his conduct changed I (A person
here called out • you have opposed Meister' when they wanted to
give the poor man a cheap loaf."] He was too 'stitch accustomed to
Nitrates public meetings to he put down by interruption. (Ap-
pimp.). He said there was no change he his conduct within rho
tau two year& g his whole life he bed acted with the Ad-
minbtratron of the connery. (hisses, and cries of " whet did you
say of the Queen ?") Pfd he ever receive place or pension P Was
he or any of his children in the receipt of its emoluments P He
defied any wee to say that he asked a favour P Nu one could touch
Sumner on the tender point of his honour. Within the last two
years, on a tote occa'iona, he voted against his friends, Ite-
ceuse he could not coincide with them. Those the least dire
posed towards him could not say he was corrupt. (Cheers.)
It was true, lie had been supported by his brother 31sgisttates in
some points in which he had the mtsfortune to direr with his lion.
Friend. An alteration in the gaols was required, which it was his
duty to carry into effect ; out of this circumstance alone arose the
public opinion of his delinquency. lie and his Honourable Friend
differed as to the propriety ofsevere punishment. The Honourable
flent.'s sensibility was exeited on this point; httt was the Hon.
Gentleman consistent ? Was not the lion. Gentle nan's slaves en-
titled to his sensibility as well as other British subjects. The lion.
Gentleman, when in Parliament, in 1816• proposed resolutions for
the amelioration oldie saves, yet he continued proprietor of not less
than one thouyaral slaves. Now what did the lionnarable Gentle..
man do towards carrying his own resolutions into effect? (Tumult.)
Heasserted that upon the estates of the Honourable Caudidate, no
measures were taken to give effect to his resolutions until 1021, and
not area then, until the resolutions of the HMV of Commons were
passed. (The Hon. Gentleman then read a letter, "rating that the
Bishop oft Jamaica had reported, that in the parishes in which
the Honourable Candidate's estates were shunted, there was not
sufficient accommodation in the churches for one-fourth of the po-
pulation.] The Hon. Gentleman was interrup'ed by cries of
•s Name the writer of the letter." The lion. Gentleman said it
Was a public document, and he would not name the writer. (Cries
of " Shame r and hisses.) There was an old pmverb, " i,et the
galled jade wince, his withers were unwrung.' (A person here
c flied out, " This has nothing to do with the Surrey El vtion."
Much laughter.) The Hon. Gentleman continued to rest) amidst
deafening shouts. The Honourable Gentleman's slaves were abso-
lutely without the means of religious instruction. This appeared
from the report of the Bishop, Who was most anxious to give a fa-
vourable .eport of his own diocese. If they were disposed to be en-
lightened on this point, he could give them some information but
he saw they were not, and he should leave the subject. Now a
question to the Hon. Gentleman,—Was the whip disused, and
particularly towards females, on the Honourable Gentleman's
estates ? The tread-mill was ease and happiness to the severs.
ties and the labour to which slaves were subjected in the West Indies
Now, as to the Catholic Question, the Hon. Gentleman had evaded
the question put to him on this subject last night. He answered
Mr. Onslow, but he had not answered him (Mr. Sumner). lie did
not say whether he would vote for the admiration of Catholics to the
highest offices of the State. (Great noise.) If they conceived he
had answered, they were more easily satisfied than any persons he
ever knew. (Noise.) He had eghts equal to any other freeholder,
and he would exercise them. Ile was called to account for saying
he represented the landed interest of the county. (A person here
interrupted him, by saying, •• Yes," hats you must go out.")
The poll "hewed that the landed proprietors were in his favour
On the subject of the state of the poll he was in nowise daunted
there were no more than 3,100 freeholders who had polled. He
polled as many himself in 1812. The aggreeete poll was 6,000
freeholders then. But he knew there was an increase of nearly
2,090 freeholders since. There were only three parts in eight
polled, and he wa only 550 behind ; so he hoped at the middle of
next week to be as much above his ilon. Neal as his lion. Rival
now was above him. Ile never would give way till these who sup-
ported him gave way. He never 'hewed a white fen•her. (Ap.
elause.) He would not harass the other Candidates. but he would
stand as long as he had a chance. To those who had supported him
he returned his sincere thanks, and, If they persevered, he was con-
fident they would ultimately place him at the head of the poll.
Mr. Beacon then addressed the electors. He believed Mr.
Sumner possessed a most honest and independent mind, but it was
the opinion of the whole body of freeholders which must return any
candidate to Parliament.

Mr. PALLwra said he was anxious for examination, and readily
rose to answer what fell from the lion. Gentleman ors the subject
of slavery. First, he congratulated the cause of emancipation on
the powerful advocate it had acquired. He hoped the And-slavery
Society, to which the High Sheriff contribute,d would enjoy the aid
lof the lion. Gentleman's powerful talents. A day or two ago, two
learned divines came forward to catechize him, who hid given
plumpers for Mr. Sumner. (Cries of "Shame.") Now, a Bishop
4,000 miles off was brought to hear on him. This notable letter,
however. appeared not to be the Bishop's, hut that of a gentleman
who said he copied the Bishop's letter. It began, "My dear
friend," and was dated Guildford, Friday. The letter being writ-
ten to-day, he supposed the writer wu near at hand. The cause of
religion was hmught forth yesterday, and the cause of humanity
to-day. He was glad of the union; those who brought forward
those canaes might at keg h become familiar with them, and if this
familial ity did not do geod here, it night in another place. His
lion. Friend had betrayed the greatest imperfection of memory.
There were no resolutions passed in It 116; he had moved an ad.
eras, praying his Majesty to take the eondlion of the slaves into
consideration. In ISA the resolutions really passed. They sprung
from the West India proprietors resident in this country, and they
were immediately sent out, to be carried into execution to the West
Indies. He lost no time in sending out instructions to have those
resolutions carried into effect on his estates, and if th were not
now in operation, they were in train. There might be a deficiency of
churches in the several parishes, and the Bishop of ).mates was
sent put to superintend the erection of chapels. Sevcrity chsris
were already built by subscript His from the West India proprie-
tors, who had assisted the itit:tep to the Utmost of their power. He
hoped he had now satisfi-d them. (Cries of " You have.") For
his part, he pledged himself to do everything to carry into effect the
Resolutions of the House of Cammona.
Mr. SIMMER again presented himaelf. Mr. Palimer had
adopted the unworthy method of duping them, and had left the!
question tinanswered. (Cries of " shame," and tumult.)
Mr. PALLISER now rose to ask a question. lie wished to know
whether the letter they beard read was not an anonymous letter ;
and he asked was it fair to try the chewier of individuals upon
anonym,, tt, statements P

THE BRITISH Pte•

I Mr. Silent:Eß said the letter was rot anonymous, but he would
r not implicate the writer by naming hint.
• Mr. REILT then appeared on the table, and said he would state
his reason for appearing sgaiist the Hen Gentleman who had mis-
represented the county for 18 years. His arbitrary conduct on all
nee isiona had lost him the favour, and acquired for him the dislike
of every one in the county. Hit revered father was a Churchwarden
of Bennondwty. He was delegated to ask Mr. Stunner to present a
petition to Parliament from the parish, end instead of receiving
oim with the tiourte-y of a gentleman, be said, " I will present
your petition, hut I will vote ar„Ainst it, and if you don't like me,
you may turn me out If you wit" Hie revered father answered.
Sir, I will be candid enough to tell you, that if an opporiuzity
arm, 1 will lend a hand to turn you oat." His father died, and he
now rave i: d one hundred miles at Isis own ecpense to redeem his
father's pledge and if it was the lest act of his life, he should be
proud of it. ins, instances of Mr. Sumner's arbitrary conduct were
too numerous to advert to, It wan enough to say, that in a Com.
minted? the House of Cotnmons, because Sir Jones Shaw clitl'ered
with him, he threw an inkstand at his head. (Cheers.) Was this
dignified condoct for a Knight of the Shirr? But look to his re-
corded votes in the House of Commons. Who voted for the eus-
pension of the Habeas Corps. Act P Who voted against the in.
q,..iry into the Alancheuer massacre ? Who divided the House of
Csenmons on the Corn hills few weeks cgs, and had only one to
divide with Wm'? (Cries of '• Ale. Sumner.", The lion. Gen.
demon talked df being the Represents ire of the landed Interest ;
this might be, for be had certainly misrepresent...it the eon:menial
part of the country. Mr. Sumner was deceived if he Imagined he
would have any support from the vicinity of ete Borough, where
the freeholder's were bold enough to eprek their mind. ifs hoped
the counts would do Its it nr end that in his retirement he would
enjoy 'Hie orPrm cam diewhale in a more dignified manner than
when he represented Money in Parliament.
Another PagEtrocnrn said he thought a Colonel of Militia
unfit to represent them in Parliament, because he might be sent
down or Alancherter when they waisted him In PerFamert. He
once applied to Col. Sumner something about hi', reiglihnere,
end the 'reply was, you artlyour beighboutsbe
dignified conduct fora County Member ?
Mr. Sti IV 14 re. endeavoured -to offer a defence to what was urged
AgAtn,r him by the la,t two apealmes, hot found it ttifficulteatob-
Min a fair hearing. After s'ferr irerdh, be 'withdrew, add 'the
Cain $4
. 61110.

Soffeake?4 i"C•"°11.

?he ntsm,oatiert being Ax fd h day (Tuesday), Ist irrelf
o'clock the High Sheriff, accompanied by the largest ndtnber of
gentlemen se ever stir together in Samersetshire, entered the hue.
tinge. There could scarcely be less than from 3,000 to 10,000
sons present in the square by the Hotel, by wI itft the bustelP
tree erected.

The Hey. lIRNIST Cwasswer.t. presented himself to address the
freeholders; when Mr. DICKINSON said that he claimed on hls
own part, and that of the freeholders, the right of his friends to
priority, as he was the oldest Aletuber.
Mr. LI I: NT said that the Haute being dissolved, there was now
no Member, and that as the first Candidate, he had a right to claim
protection for his friend.
The Ilion Stutairr said, that without entering into the ques-
tion of right, he thought practice and courtesy should secure prece-
dence to Mr. Diekinson'a friends.
Mr. etteseWel.L bowed to the authority of the Sheriff.
Colonel Hoax ER proposed Mr. Dickinson as in every respect
gwliiied to represent the county. In private and public ;ire he
proved himself worry of the confidence of the fre.-holders.
(cheers.) Ater the experience they had had of Mr. Dickinson's
parliamentary conduct, they could not doubt that he would con-
tinue to support him King and country, and to render all possible
attention to the wishes Of the, freeholders. He had been proved to
he a steady friend to Chards and State. Ott the most important
epsnitions he had been found to be a man of independence and abi.
Itty. ‘‘sintranees were but words ; by nets men could never be de-
ceived. As Mr. Dickinson's actions fee twenty years were before
the freeholders, he had no doubt that they would press to the pall
M Ilchestar, and support their old, worthy, and faith,ul friend.
Jo,sx Purt.tret, Esq., deputy-cFairman of the quarter sessions.
rose to second the nomination. Ile deprecated alike abuse and in-
s, lence from one man to his neighbour. Every roan should pay
re.pect and yield d' tetion where due. It had been said, that the
old 3lemiters had not canvassed ;if they had notdone so personally.
they hail by the illsghorates and their friends, and when the elec.
dirt came on at ()cheese'', it would be found that they were sup-
ported by a great and most triumphant majority. In many popu-
lous districts there was scarcely a freeholder who had not promised
his support. He wished never to sever those friendly relations,
which existed between. and aright long to connect. the gentleman
with the small freeholder. The rights and connexions of all he
would ever desire to protect, and deprecated any thing which was
likely to tear them asunder. For twenty years Mr, Dickinson had
been known to his constituents; his character wan irreprnich.ble,
arid without a blemish. (Cheers.) lis begged, therefore, to second
the nomination of Mr. Dickinson. _ .

DfcloSsoil said, he would occupy only a short time in
expressing his astatfactlon at the very flittering manner in which
his friends had spoken of him, and to entreat the freeholders to set
it down to their partiality Tither than to his merits. As he was an
invalid he would not say much, but thought it necessary to make a
few observatims on two or three questions which had before deeply
agitated the public mind. One was the Corn haws; he wished
for an entire revision of those laws, and that even-banded justice
might be dealt out to the agriculturists, the manufacturer. and the
merchant. If he should be returned to Parliament, it was his inten-
tion to support any measure that might be proposed fora committee
to examine these laws. and to :Om them in such a way ea to protect
the battiest& of all classes. With that view he gave his vote for Mr.
Boring's committee. A second subject was, that of negro slavery.
From his ancestors he had derived an estate in the West Indies,
and a part of his property, then, consisted of stares. These he was
bound to support and caused to be treated with the highest degree
of huumnity. lie had voted f different measures on this ques-
tion and desired that the condition of the slaves should be smell°.
rated according to the plan laid down in the Resolutions of the
House of COMIDOMI. The stoves should be put into& way of earn-
ing their own support, and then be made free. The conversion
of slaves into freemen would lie a glorious achievement. On
the subject of Parliamentary Rtfomi, he had even recently
voted for it. It was not Radical Reform which he approved, but
that system which had been adopted in Brldeewater, whereby the
gratuity money was done away, and the eaters gave their Norm
without putting the osndidates to expense. lie al o wished above all
things that the ,nine oath should be administered to the elected as to
the electors. This measure would be more efficacious than any
other in putting an end to bribery and corruption. He trusted that
• the plan of returning Members to Parliament without personal
expense would be carried into operation in the county of Somerset.
With regard to the measures of economy and retrenchment, they
should have his most determined support ; they were more neces-
sary in his view now than they ever had been. For twenty years
that he had been in Parliament he had voted for economy, and lout
never given a single vote which rendered his independence ques-
tionable. Ile dared the greatest enemy he had to say that he had
ever sacrificed his independence in a single instance. (Cheers.)
Sir Jotter H AWil es said, that Sir Thomas Lethbridge was well-
known to the country. For nearly twenty years he had been in
Parliament. and durieg the whole of that time he had most consci-
entiously done his duty. He was accessible on all occasions to
every freeholder, and his general honourable conduct had secured
to bun the approbation of a great number of the freeholders. From
his peat conduct a judgment might be formed as to the future, and
he trusted that the freeholders would give him their support to the
extent which his past services entitled him to receive. (Cheers and
hisses.) He was rejoiced, therefore, to have the opportunity of
proposing that Sir Thomas Lethbridge was a fit and proper person
to represent the county.
W. lieweriso, Esq., seconded the nomination. This was the
fourth time that Sir Thomas Lethbridge had presented himself to
the freeholders of the county an a candidate for their suffrages. lie
had been nearly twenty years in Parliament, during which time
he had signalised himself as the protector of the most valuable
portion at the people—the yeomanry of England ; at the same time
he had afforded Renitence to the other interests of the community,
demanding for all erenOtanded justice. In consistency with these
skims, he had recently urged upon the Government the revision
of the Corn lows. Unhappily for tilts et-swarm it wan bur-
dened with a heavy debt, which mad* a heavy scale of taxa.
glop necessary. He was old enough to recollect when die debt
was 200,000,000 h, wherens it was now 800,000,00dt. Taxes
must be colltected to pay the interest and to meet the expenditure—
The farmer required protection in the price of his produce ; the
Corn Lows, as they stood, were bad iu principle, and he wished
a full and complete revision of them. The last vote his Hon.
Friend had given in Parliament did him great honour : he made one
of 02 who voted for the resolutions of the House to put down bribery
st elections, whicO were called for by the state of borough towns,
and with a view to the promotion of honour and justice in the land.
Believing, then, that the exertions of Sir Thomas Lethbridge had
benefited his constituents and the mimicry, he hoped all would join
him hi returning him to Parliament. (Great uproar.) His lion.
Friend could not, however, go to the poll, so long as that which the
tongue of slander had fixed remained upon him. A handbill had
been circulated to which the came of " Henry Hunt" was attached.
" I challenge him," said Mr. Henning, tto prom to you in
the only way in which it can be satisfactorily done, that this paper
is true. Heald and continued interruptions.) 1 will prove it is not
true." (Uproar. The Sheriff claimed a patient hearing for persons
of an parties. Cries of" Hear Mr. Hanning," from the people.)
Alr. Hunnning resumed—" I have audited those accounts from
time to time, and feel myself implicated in the blame which had
been helped upon the Magistrates and County Members." If
the parties objected to their proceedinge, let them nay so,
and say it unequivocally to die public ; but he maintained
that nether the treasurer of the county, than whom a
m..:re honourable man or snore useful servant of the public
was not to be any where found, were in the least degree to
blame. Mr. Hunt acknowledged an expenditure to a cer-
tain extent, and he must prove that the receipts were equal to, or
c xceedei the amount expended. Mr. Hunt accused them of receiv-
ing money to a very large amount, which had never been accounted
for by them ; and either to the public now, or by means of a
tei .1 by Jury, Mr. Hunt would be required to acknowledge that
he was in error. The treasurer was smutted of having received
a much larger sura than be spent or gave ally account of; and
lie now called upon Mr. Hunt, in the face of the county, to
prove that such sums had ever been received. 1 declare that
it never could have been received. (Humes and hisses.) There
were never warrants Issued by Quarter Sessions fir more dial
83.0001. and therefore no more could have been paid to the Trea-
surer. The Alagistrates were certainly not guilty ; and the blackness
would be found, where it ought to be, on isim who made a charge
of this descrip.ion against the unpaid 31agistracy and the faithful
Treasurer of this rich county, which it was absolutely impossible
that he could prove. (Hear, hear, and hisses.) Unhappily there
were, in this ceuntry, men who saw every thing with a black eye,
and put every thing in a black aspect. So long as he lived he would
never allow any one to affix she stain on his character, or to injure
a faithful servant of the public with impunity. Was a man alto
had thus proved himself capable of blacking the Magistrates of the
county_ (from Mt. Hunt's blacking)—woo he to be their Member?
—was he to be selected In advocate their cause in Parliament, and
to like cite of their lives and liberties? He trusted otherwise, lie
wan confident it would turn out otherwise; and with ;denture,
therefore, he seconded the nomination of Sir Thomas Lethbridge..
Sir T.LITICARIDGE rose, end was loudly cheered by the gen-
tlemen arotind him, but gmetell with hisses and clamour from per.
sour under the hustings. He had just bad the honour, he said, of
being nominmed by his very worthy and excellent friend to the
high pone of eandidate for the representation of the great, pnpu.
lout, and rich county of Somerset—for which comity he bad foe
many years been the person to glee effect to the wishes and prin-
ciples of the freeholders. He was proof of that honour, and very
grateful for the kind manner in which Iris excellent friends had
'Potion (Intim, and with which they had received him for thts
fnurth time of his presenting himself to their notice es a caudi.
date—(From the crowd..." At the oroggeetion of Lord Sithneuth"),
and he would face hit enemy, be Its who he might, as became
a mum who could put his hand on his heart and say, Mitt lie had
"ever given a mate In the House of Commons whir!' did not square
with his cnnviction that it was the one most likely tp promote the
benefit of ht, country. If any such person as he thmieht ought to
make pretruirint to reprment such a county in Parliament had
presented himself to the freeholders as a candidate, he weehl cer-
tainly have ea:moused every one or them personally egaino him.
Ile had not done so in the prestut cum, becalm° he (lid list think
the man who stood before han load the slightest preteesions to the
honour to which he aspired. Re had a respect for the freefloiders
of the county of Semereet, but he had no respect for the man
,awanitr.doevnoftoori oed;in.eboi,:i.toaule;sihiniin..lnic.lf lie had canvassed with such an oppo.
cent In the (del!. he should have insulted the county of Somerset,
itinonowinn
tiot. mile,
01; ocuhlad
r..
eh
ta:r.
otfa taken
honour,
oli,...:ilidormstriole.
as
act, net a mooch, ter a vote which a AI emobef r
anf:aredoeco.uttinetr:rnitthihatly a tier p es, and trot an
c o or give, IllowicoPtiasrtiltiaunletielns! whale,
etre-ape-1e of estimmiag lib togrits• yet at "eh s /ism"

•
saohmiereeidafeorhalleatilidareedt.hey(silmadnianatrahcanindiqcruitesty ofef tf.teTteralinr.saacitiiasoes:.ahi
this he food an individual emelt to be elected a Meinffleh PP'. Minis* was en* gone, and many of those Magistrates were row re.
1
i
would trust lie would only ask the elemitig whether cry action had ben,
to think for one moment hint the county of somerset
unlit
him ? What were his qnalificetionef Hs putted two years and a halt i brought, or proceedings of any kind seemed, by the Megistraeash
Wit= i;ll4llolllllPVPCl'l%iril);46l7it4jnbligitnerlY aWit-teb‘.ecinfeulw offbil
in one of the county muds fur deluding hormet Nnglklnn.-n, and fn. for the purpose ofcortipelfing the restitution of those stints of el ley
during them, at a moment of distress, to essentials together in a it wag pahethle the county had been sheme. (ere.. of 44 Nor,.
d leaen manner, and violate the public peace. For that act he mi. • teem I") Ile bad frail a statement of ail he had ()Nerved sit ;
feen3llr..milituvsent,)oCinnegiudf
vale hi::
of receipts a.-d expenditure—but he was told, formoth. to
fered the penalty of the law in his own person. Did the See etary Voinuliefenners ;he had called upon them to publish •etetene at
they hat nothing ut do with the Wetness of the county Mageneece
I moire fur the county to which he was sent ? If this wive I
ttahteistahinkmtlauttatawaheen"hiethiwafsamseanht tan
ggrallifocaor a,lastailtfatterthnieamnasoura,
they had oily ado with the expeediture in the gaol. ((rim ef
he knew, commend him for going asp boldly and taking thin opponent ; that elterdtka: after this tool:place the county rates free educed.
qualification. he had done and the Englishmen would, ; " Meanie arid applause and imam ) The Meeting Itere.
taYelitim the honour of such a elation as he aspired to. not say !to this lob:Pete and what did he do upon eternetott ? Why
haollhefapNetl::::: head aehn d
ai n t
Mmhe
elf—he
eNwowisilebde whoett!
were;
1 teemh::
Iwtoho
otghi n:
n„NomwedMfor.,
the
aielecinppointknn:enwe owfelal ttrelwitrahtee
ro be a man of family nod education, and a gentleman. Other I the cause of the rise of the county rats. He (kit. Runt was at
platen sent Merlins to Parliantem, and he should Ire me who. litc door of the Carnmitt"-room when the matieet was shau) tto be
when he took his KM amongst these men, would slot hind then turn- ' brought forward, and he begged to be examined. as he was WPM tee
ing their backs upon him. He ought to he a man well vend in the wiainted with circumstances maculated to open the eyes orate eeee.
history of his country, well seen:timed with its laves. anti of a i inheee. having heftier, eye-witness to many of the enermities *he e
mind capable of redacting on what heal happened Mother countries. had taken place in the disposal of the money of the county. Ile
whets men had crept into the national commits who were without i teen made the statement which he had already made before principle, without wisdom. and withent dierretten. There must be I Commissioners, and who should the Chairman of that chnotehaon
persons amongst you of landed property with sine( qualidest foie wile be bet Mr. Dickinson (A laugh.) Now, at that ieto hr. Atr.
'night have a right to Maim your suffrages. anti when they were seen Dickinson did tot strive to elicit anything. It was palpable the; a
la the fled it would he proper for him seriously to connoenee a (Oa. ! large sum was unaccounted for; hut nobody could tell wheh
meant! to canenss the freeholders ; but Ode man hod no suchtmane„ ! had gotue to. For his (Mr. Hunt's) port, he thought that it
affirms, nomads pretensions, and therefore could home nn right to in- been laid aside for the liquidation ohimme 01,1 debt ; hut he
tootle himself upon them. Ha wuuld further state what in his opinion i since entertained tho cause of the deficiency. He had an est4_
such a men ought to he. (Cry trent the crowd, •• A wheliermek.")l eeptionable authority alma him to prove that the entity m
'• I pity," said the Hamm ••, I pity hat
oug hembie individual; he Ito the amount of 6.44 W. was deficient in tee fat rearsassre ore,
ee
ought to know better." Such a men ' ht to be a firm friend to I that in fact it had been whly mace-nun:re for. (ree,e
the Protestant faith as by law established in these tralms, a firm I " Shams I" anti inintemse tumult.) lie hail got the wareme cf
supporter of the prerogatives of the Crown and the influenee of the I Treasurer in his possession. The matt dee aho fie! ),a,-,hid
easterner, whilst lie would never leave a stone unturned to pr, to him was ready to stand forward aid )wore they were come.
serve to his emintrymen in general all the jme deem and liberties I Mr. Hunt then pointed out the nothwon of 44411. ill one quinces
which an Englishman was heir to. He reelected the mile nee es- i fifteen., and the omiesion of the whole area ent of another quarter.
nulne, net the rpuriceslibertiellof men,whlch would seek to eshisliala Ile had no objection to trust the papers to the herds of 31r. Di e.
themselves i y throwing down all the barriers of law, and trample)? ; it eon, as there were constables near.
under foot thoseilistinctinns which were equelly beneficial to the rie Mr. DICKINSON said he could not now, but would be g'.4 at
and the par.. Expecting to hear some charges brought against sender time to leok at the dommen s.
him he would not goon, btu reserving himself to !reply to those I Mr. Hear eshiiiitel the papers, Ned asked Mr. Diteinsers,
who made them, content himself by advising the freeholders of the • who % ••t almost erieplel with theers,
gout in a chair on the heelers,
county to take such mustang as would preserve the fair fame of ! wile hr he did not recollect the signature 'macho! to the warrants: their county whilst they had it in their power, end net to be hurried Mr. Dice' xsoe, looking at the warfare. of the dam of 1817,
away by their vain conceits, which, when once indulge might said it was impossible for hint to recollect the writing of a person of
carry them they knew not whither. If they did not stead by clime • id ont he knew very little, particularly after a lapse of so greet a
whose integrity had been proved, they might give p.imr to miters , tench of time.
by whom they would he betrayed. Lie hoped their honest intestate' i Mr. II elev—Can,you not tell whetter you believe it to be his
would preserve them—it was their business, and not his: and trust. writing? (Cries of •• Answer.")
ing that they would all look to it, he would say to them , all farewell Mr. 1 SON do believe it is hit. (cheering.)
for the foment. I Mr. HUNT said, these warrants were sufficient to eenvinee set
The Rev. H. CawswELe said, this was the second time he had I man who was not degraded to an admiration of the corduct of the
presented himself to their attention to propose a county Member ; I county Magistrates, that the time was Arrived fur dimenaing with
lie hail bowed to the High Sheriff, and he trusted he sltoul.l be the services of such gentlemen in the House of Ci,netions. (laugh.
patiently listened to now. He had bowed to the Sheriff, but would ter and cheers.) He stood there to bring some of those gentlemen
bow to an ease in the assembly besides. He was hut, hut he honed • to justice, and he hoped and confided in the assistance of the men.
not least amongst them. (Cheers.) The free/intern, hnd heard ing. He then spoke of Mr. 3lessiter, the brother of the present
the Baronet and his proposers speak of their own resettle- : treasurer, and treated his name so unceremoniously as to call forth
'bility • he had nothing to say Omen the remectebility of I the Treasurer. who beakepithets wed upondlr.flunt which, at any
sir flumes Lethbridge. Mr. Henning, or Sir John Hawkins ; time but the privileged time of election, would have sounded rather
but he would yield to en man in respect to birth or family, harshly. either in public or in private,
be he who be might. No man in the county of Somerset Mr. HUNT replied to this mode of address by pninerg to the
could show a poorer pedigree than his. He had some pre. printed papers in his hand, and saying that &hum would nut erase
petty in the country. he lived in it, and his income was enough the seal from that bond, and that his opponents were sow givieg
to enable him to live honestly, and he had a right to talk in it ; him the opportunity of retorting the charge of vulgarity.
but if he were only a 404. freeholder, lie would not yield the right I 31r. 3lessteen—l say that yen have asserted a faisehotel.
which, as such belonged to him, to address his brother freeholder. Mr. Hush—Ever, culprit declares that the charge ageinst him,
at Clemency meeting. A requisitien to Mr. Hunt to offer himself whatever it mai' be. is false. Did you ever know of a man. who
as a candidate was in his hen —it was signed by two hundred tree. upon being brought before a Jury and tried for a felony, del not
holders. (Cheers, and cries of •• Let us see it.") The (Ugh she_ deny his guilt? (" Never, never.") 11'01, I hope I have gone saes-
riffean read it. if he thinks proper. fle had heard of no requisition femoral so tar. (Ctrs of " rem") lle then gave a history of his
to the other Members to come forwent again; but haring always attempts to get from the Clerk of the Peace certain pares cal.
supported Mr. Dickinson on femme oceseion., he would support culated to chew the manner in which business was transacted in
him still, so that it did not injure Mr. Hunt. if it depended on hie the county in a clearer light, and he declared that all tile trot.
casting vote to secure the election, lie would give it to 31r. Dickin. actions with respect to the county accounts, the magistrates Were
son against Sir Thomas Lethbridge. With emend to the latter, if acquainted with and had sanctioned. (Cries of " shame.") The he would compare himself with his own picture of what h represents. parish books could stiew this iniquitous misappropriation of the
tire should be, he would find himself to be es different as was property of the county, and to deem books, which every overseer
darkness from light. He defied the Hon. Baronet to say that there I could produce, he referred those who were sceptical upon the sub.
was one feature in his political face which resembled the picture he ject of the qualifications of Sir Thonlas Lethbridge and Mr.
hail drawn. Sir Thomas had said, in January. /843, at Wells. that I Dickinson. IVA respect to the former of those Gentlemen, it
if the voice of the freeholders went against him, he would never would be an insult to the Meeting to reply to him. Sir Tommy
offer himself again. Let hint be tried by that test now. Sir Tho. and some of his friends had talked contemptuously of the black-
mas has been dabbling in beurouga politics, in a manner disgrace- ing trade in which he was engaged (a laugh), and they heti
fel to the representation of a county. lie had asked him if it said a great deal about the necessity of possessing landed property
were not so at Taunton, where he was ashamed to show his as an indispensable requisite in the representation of a county.
' face. Had he not prosecuted a meat bold, atde, and honourable Now, God knew, that he believed that not one of the three of
mate Mr. James Bunter, for telling and writing down the truth on them (Sir T. Lethbridge Mr. Dickinson, and himself) was ova-
this subject Had not his political agent offered the boreuesh burdened with riches. (Laughter.) He believed, however, tbat
of Taunton for sale?—( From the busting!. ••'beneath your notice..") he was himself the best off of the three, for of the little property
He cared not whether the Berme answeredehme miestlons or not. he possessed he had the title deeds. They never had been
Whether the House of Commons would turn their backs or not mortgaged yet, which he was sorry to say was not the case of his
on Mr. Hunt he could not say, but he believed they would be worthy brother Candidate's. (Loud laughter.)
sorry to get rid of the Baronet, for he was the Jack Fool of the Mr. Drciorsow rose In evident paps fermi his chair, and des
who house; they would have no one to laugh at if he were clued that this statement of Mr. Hunt's was, with respectto him,
gone. There were many men of high principle in the House a most outrageous misrepresentation, as not one atom of kis estate
of Commons, but few had boldness enough to utter their opi- had ever been mortgaged. (Cries of " abeam, shame," and meat
nions. The system crippled them. The gentlemen of England tumult.)
did not want principle, hut energy and courage to assert their Mr. Duet, as soon as the noise had subsided, sal.; he had keen
country's rights. Of Mr. Hunt he could say he thought bin in assured by common rumour, that that was the ca,,e; but certainly
public life both firm and honest, and in hie private life he never report was often a liar, and, indeed, it had often been prove:i so in
heard him say or do what one gentleman ought not to Soy or do his own case. Ile then adverted to his trade of blackingetseufae-
towards another. He thought Ale Hunt a.: unimpeachable In Curer, and he would, he said, speak a litt'n more upon thet a ibje-t
private and public life as Sir T. letlihridge. No," front the than he had been in the habit of speakhag, ware it not that it would
hustings.) And since Sir Thomas lied drawn a picture of a Re- be said that he advertised his meterial at no expense a hamver.
presentative, which he did not at all resemble, ha proposed to ptit (Laughter and hisses, mixed with applause,) Was it in England,
%fr. Hunt in his place, and to send Sir Thomas to Sandhill-park, where the netive Industrious teem ,coy sure to find a reward tin his
to make roads and feed pheasants. On these grounds he begged labours, that an individual who embarked has capital in trade or
to put in nomination Henry hunt, Esq. commerce was to be told that he was to be thrown out of the pale
Jr. (haven flAywAnn rose to second the nomination. When of society? He knew that some of the welhdressed rabble who
aged, " Who are you ?" he said, •• 1 ant Oliver Hayward. of hissed him dealt one, what lie sold by wholesale, in half-phis by
Mudford, and sin neither ashamed to give my name. nor to shrew retail. In Axb:tdge he had been charged with the criers of
my face." Sir Thomas Lethbridge bed poured forth a volley of blacking-making by one of the honest trade—an attorney. (Loud
abuse on Mr. Hunt, but that went for nothing ; and he hoped laughter.) fits reply was, that the Mayor of the town, who hap.
every freeholder who was a friend to freedom would tender his sup. Penni to oe a grocer, was a,blacking-seller and, as Fate weed have
port to Henry Hunt. He thought him a friend to his Country, and it, he found his Worship down in his books for a few dozen beetles.
that he had proved himself to be to. Ile wished, therefore, to (Leughter, and cries of " We'll have no blacking.") He saw
give him a trial. They haul tried the bristly Baronet Inrigenough. Among the enemies to blacking Ale. Stuckey, a dealer in eels, He declared, upon his heart, that he supported Mr. Hunt because (A laugh.) He was not such a foul as to object to a man's trade.
he could and' would do justice to his country, if he were sent to when it left no mark or b-and upon his honour or humanity ;
Parliament;
and on public principle alone he recommended the he thought it very odd that the pot should be the first to cry out to aunty to try him. At all events they could not be worse by the the kettle. (Roars of laughter, in which Air. Starkey, who is a
change. (Cheers from the crowd.) gentleman of large fortune, and, we undertand, the proprietor of
Mr. Huey then stood up amidst the cheers of the tnnltitnele. extensive coal metes, joined.) But Mr. Dickinson, one of the
He would not, he said, make any allusion to the personalities Candidates, had all hie profits from an article of a much blacker
which Sir Thomas Lethbridge had vomited against him. He dye.—(Mingled cheers and hisses.)—the bl--dy West India
would leave them to be digested by the electors, against whom Witching. (Great emotion was perceptible in the crowd. and Mr.
they were particularly aimed, and whose palates he knew they I Dickinson appeared greatly agitated, and shook his head, but did
were not at alt calculated to gratify. (Laughter). Many things net speak a word.) Ile recollected—he never could forget, the
had been said by that worthy Representative in former Parliaments um iglu conduct of that gentlem in In the House of Commons, re.
of the freemen of the county of Somerset about his (Mr. Hunt's) lative to the barbarous trade to which he might, according so the
claims to the favour of the electors, and they could now judge fur Lethbridge mode of arguing, refer with so much dignity in enu-
themselves whether or not he was presumptuous in effering him. Meriting his qualifications to aft in Parliament. A petition
•elf, or whether they were heitifi,el in submitting any longer to the from Cluard against the traffic had been committed to his
dictation of that liberal, erlightened,end well-educated gentleman, core, and it was, without haying received a word of reruns.
Sir Thomas Lethbridge, (laughter and cheers, mixed with hisses), mendation, laid on the table—or, for aught the worthy' gen-
et to that of any other roan. lie had to reply to same charges deman cared, kicked under it. (A laugh ) But in the
brought against him, and first to the following, which had been coulee of the evening there was something said, upon which Mr.
mentioned by Mr. Messiter, the Treasurer of the County, in a Dickinson might have commented with a good grace. Mr. Den-
printed notice:— man made a motion to abolish the flogging of female slaves. and
"To the Freeholders of the County of Somerset. after citing many revolting cues of crush, to poor black wo nem " Mr. henry Hunt (lifter allowing my statement to remain un- who had sunk. in an advanced state of pregrancy, under the bloody
anewered from the 22d May) haying thought fit to give a new lash, moved for an amelioration of the condition of the peneeutetl.
version of his tale about the county rates, lam forced to intrude What did Mr. Dickinson do upon this occasion ? If all the papers
myself again on your notice. did not speak false, he voted against the motion. (Strong expel-
'lt is said that Mr. Hunt, being called upon to justify his pre. none of indignation.)
'iota statement, and unable to do so, shifted his ground, and had the I Mr. DICKiNeoN made an attempt to rise, evidently for the
baseness to advert to a near and unfortunate relative of mine, who, f'pose of contradicting this charge; hut his infirmity seemed to
he says, was the County Treasurer in 1817, when the pretended lave increased, and Mr. Hunt shewed some impatience of inter.
deficit took place, and through whom he states it to hare been nlethen.
occasioned.
Bin Hurt—l say these gentlemen (pointing to his oppenenta)
"In refutation of this, I state that there was not any deficiency deal much more in the blacking, or rather in the black art, for it
at that or at any other time; that the person alluded to had not has its source in the author of all evil, than I do. The bread this
for nearly twenty years interfered in the office. and had ceased to man (to 31r. Dickinson, who sat next to him) eats, the dank her
be Treasurer, even in name, two years before the period Mr. taunt I drinks, the clothes he wears, are all ateeped in the blood of his
mentions, as is well known throughout the country. • fellow-ceestares. (Expressions of horror, and hisses and at. sets
" I remain, Gentlemen, yours faithfully, intermixed.) But it appeared to be a maxim with Sir 1 bonito
•• U. Mt mitre*, Lethbridge, that none but men of great talent and high pedigree,
••Terfawtrer of the County of Somerset. and fortune arid edurstinn, were qualified to represent a county. He
1' Wineanton, 12th June, 182 a." (Me Hunt) was satisfied to leave the decision to the meeting, who
He had also to reply to Mr. Henning.a new version of what had would make every allowance fir his simplicity upon the occasion.
occurred while he (Mr. Hunt) was in Detester gaol, where he was I(A laugh.) Of his opponents' talents he had a very humble me.
confined for two years and a half, although, he protested to God, nion; but he believed they had discetnitient eitoueh to be convicted
that he did not ever feel ashamed of the course that had brought I that Its was better able to represent the county than they wee.
biso there. (Loud applause and laughter.) The best use., that They knew he was honest, and so did their friends, or they would
ever lived in this country. cr In any other, had not only suffered not male such efforts to keep hint out. (A laugh.) He then
in gaol but on the scaffold, ter having merely dune their duty meted, that in the course of his c which was newest/ally for
to the people. The mention of this fact brought to bis mind the most part a public one, he had, in parishes where More were
how deeply the worthy Bayonet bad been concerned in that laudable but fifty or sixty votes, been promised all, except those el the par.
plan of punishing•epiet of a like nature, by melee to be sent to son, the attorney, and the attorney's clerk. (Cries of " No. no, tell
the Tower Sir Francis Burden, a man whose offence was nettling the truth.") He referred to Mr. Creswell, and other (needs of his,
more than that of advocating the rights of the people. And was it for corroboration. (Loud cries from Mr. Hunt's friends of "It is
to Englishmen that language like that which the electors had just the truth.") He would name the parish of Kington, within a mile
heard wee to he used a; this period ? Was it to be supposed that or two of the house of Mr. Dickinson, as one instance easily ewer-
they would think worse or a man, because in his efforts to do good tainable. In that parish he had the promise of every vote, exczet
to his country. he happreet to be overpowered by the conduct of a those of the parson, the attorney, his clerk, and a dependent upon
lurking enemy to the Cease he advocated ? (Cries of " No, no " that clerk. (C)heers wed lenses.) He aemined, as he was in esneour
and " Shame.") He (Mr. Hem) had, during the investigation bound to admit. that a great many of the inhabitants of that Waco
into the abuses in Ilehaster, proved before die Mapiemaies st the would vote for Mr. Dickinson. Thew were, he knew. four sons of
quarter Sessions, that great plunder heel been committed upon the people against him; lied it was reasonable that they should be so
pockets of the people in the atonement of the county rates. He disposed. The Magistrates were neatest him, because he had ex-
ited proved that she gaoler of Ilehetter prison had peen instal- I posed the conduct of the Treasurer, with whits they were identi.
mental, In a high degree, to the system by which the peoele of fled. They were of opinion. as Sir Thome% Lethbridge had said.
Somerset 111,1 b. en robbed. My. Henning had hentel it all, and that if he got into Pat tiement, the Members 'fettle turn their becks
was convinced of the accuracy of what he stated. Here Mr. Hunt upon him ; hut that was not the 'eaten. No : they knew that I,e
tole the particulars of a case In which 800 pairs of shoes had been would look their bad deeds straight in the face. (('been and hisses.)
male by prison labour. and never been accounted for in the Tres. I The Clergy were against hint, because they knew he wished to sty
surer's booke although deliverer! to the gaoler, who, he had also I theni going about doing good, according to the )netemts of del,
proved, was in the habit of pm-riming delicacies. professedly) for Meow. gni, that he abhorred the system which they were support-
the use of sick prisoners, but really fir his own.) (Cheers.) There ing. The Attorney hated him, because they knew that if the igyf.
were one hundred charges of this description against these jockey., tern he was advocating Were once adopted, trim freedom, happhum,
but he complaieed In vein. Mr. Henning well knew that the and prosperity of the people would render their profemennal ever.
county had been robbed, and of the extent to which that robbery tione unnecessary ; tor it was in the midst of calamity that that re.
heal been perpetrated ; but it was in vain that those who were en- spectate- betty fl nirishe I. • Latiehter anti cheers.) The poor men
trusted in the investigation were besought to do justice. It WWI in agnimet whom legal prooaeiliam were torreutted was compelled to
vain that they were called upon, if they did ton tremble at the employ mother of the croft. In corniest the artifices of him who
name of the Fuller, to commit him to the darkest dungeon to wlii:11 -sotielit to drain his mcket, and bet west both fennel his doom to be
he eva to/bw' so unfortunate guilty or intuited eersen. That a person, mei Outer his wife and children a workhouse ; for the

haftl :1441
