1,"•

4r2l9l—.t44lSeettliewmaives wltheot reknediela $0 destroy
aloe" 1,41110/11101.04iliam, and to repeats idol. soatitioa.
lia" Ul4lllOO/1401Mas who wish °alp toe4losaioa sad
SVlllfriky. • •/1 Ir.
" Let tlomi ilkelialiliebe Powerelmapnwas with me, as
4 Piet* is die Caen el 00 sabots hisessemslidate the sr.
Iliallihst itrit&tpgmlAteeLll4llo required (NAM.,
iPts4 iiiii it p .. • 5.4,-- . •••
100 1)..! :...A iwi;041111/44 a FERDINAND:*
nor'" .di ..1""1-"!'"11 t il ADIS°, DI tam 3.
jpilitiFsiirtligieh at length. allowed the de-
lb* Iblatarection of Guayaquil to baoisb-
Estpal, -sgut see inverted is the semi-olßeiad Cis-
azeinititied the.f/airo rind, •e follow :
N earimro (resu), N011[3111211 ft
mina Arab if October, at three o'clock is the morals,,
rf: Heittreill IMO, lodepeadeva, amidst the ailarsoolas
• of Me pro* wad she ',mope. The Coverer! .r
U. se vier/ft, was areireteid, rat to Piero, m. 41 placed at the.
esieporil of Laid Cochrane. All the Fdismesos were seat to
prime, wish the twigging, of their witilbelared for the Re.
veluiries. They were Purred to Ir capitals, which
were ale-d spew. The psi • la this movereat
1.14 W Vino** sad Lori. been deelareirl Ge-
r
;weatherise The fair of ' she were brews
to Or* b en risk, is wort ; they are is • state of
1;84 Setelvotlow. ',iv.
" thrti Varela loaded st }UM with 4,600 wen: his lead
ilartere were at Chrelta. R. talterta was is front of hies,
widi 0.0110 wet sad the _twenty of Lima bad demanded
0411114Mvel' forio• doe ' atioy. if eptarr Pere; 4,000 wee were
pearl telling', ILiosa sad Canoe Its the proposal wade
by M. Illsav, all the lard prop. kiwi gave the *epees their
Mere% Apes modifiers that del stwold d. feed she Royal
culler, ore It was Rol cloaked that Sao Martin would be
eettrA beef ireabwh. eves if he were not wade pismire.
Cserliestat arse desiross to loured by acs to rake a
innoarrit upon Callan; bat Sir Marti.. would soot corer
to 4w plea. fraeleg mote disastruus result, sad mot wishing
to ressaia without ships to ni.enhailt a ere of necessity."
PALERMO. FEBRUARY 10.
(Extract cy-a "emit I.eiter.)
Oar Deptsiies, as oleo thei-e of Girgeoti, persist
in r. Geeing to take pact in the deliberations of the
igailliament of Naples, not I .Mat Parloinient 011111
%aye miffed the Coov.ntion, by virtue of which
Palermo laid down aims.
A11C411011411, MARCH 4.
Letters from Tiieste state, that all the ',re-
petitions fir the reception of the two Emperors
wire complete when ass aceirioot reached that city .
that the poloical ese.lis of Italy load caused their
Niojeatieso..whi to prol.ing iheirst .y at Lay batch, upon
reresviiii the answer of the Neapolitan Covet 'intent
to the propositioos of the Iligh Alin". The con-
tents of this answer has given lilacs., it is said, to sew
8 onferencts, to arrest the anterior measures 'dative
to the es,cution of the decisions of Costive's.. We
know that the driersainethas of the existing Govern.
tweet of Naples— a determination o Inch it was not
thought it would adopt—hes caused very great
astositshment. It is prob.ible that • new Deciaratioa
of the emeratt:ug Poweis sill be published: an
opportunity preseuta itself.
FRANIFORT. MARCH 6.
The Court of Naito has ceased to be retained
liy its Ministers and Diplonsasic As to foreign
Cahioets • Note, in which it gives its entire adlw-
rim to the B.fficiel Declaration published by the
Court of Vienna against the existing Government
of the Two Sicilies, The I'rss.ian Note ausiouuces
that a like adhesion It., berm uiwess by Russia.
The D. cdsragion coofidentially comasenicatrd to
the Diplomatic Body at Frankfurt by hi. D'An-
*tett. on the part of flows, does not differ, it is
aid, from that of Prussia.

'l.'l-11; 131 IT! SI PRESS.

I.ONDON,
THURSDAY, Almicii is, isti.

Mr. R011ilt? Sum la►t night made his pro-
moted motion for the production of all communi-
eations that may hare taken plc between the
Uritish Government and the Austrian Government,

ietative to the repayment of the large loin of
seventeen millions doe by Austria to Great Bri-
tain. Lnrd C•STLEILIAOII did not seem to relish
set,' highly the motion, but lie could not in de-
cency oppose it. The Addre•is to the KING, there-
fore, for the production of these papers, War Cdr-
ird. The Noble Secretary urged the plea of
poverty on behalf of Austria, as • cou*e fur not
pressing the repayment of this debt; but such
41- plea can have co foundation in truth when we
see that Government setting on foot an immense
army for the wanton invasion of a peaceable and
uiloffeoding people.
The [louse was employed for several hours in
debating the Army Estimates. Mr. llt:n E has
*hewn very commendable industry in bringing the
details of this branch of the public expenditure in
a clear and intelligent [anther before the eyes of
Parliament and the notion.

Advices. we understand, have reached town from
l'aly, stating that a strong Russian *moment is
actively preparing in the Black Sea. for the pur-
pose of co-operating effectively s‘ith the Austrian
army alpine' the Government of Naples. Sicily is
said to be the chief object of the Russian rape-
claim), and an opinion prevails iu Italy that by
belle secret mederstaading between the combined
Poorer+, Russia it to hold possostiost of the island
sf Sicily bu long a; the Austrian army shall main-
tain the occupation cf Naples and the Neapolitan
teisitories on the Peninsula. The Russian Minis-
ter at she PoRTE has received instructions to de-
brand from the Turkish Goverinuent is free passage
for the Russian fleet, sod the Austrian Minister is
to promote this object with bas utmost influence.
'lassie has long desired most tari.estly to Imaltell
aval establishment in the Mediterranean, and
Sicily Lifers the most temptorineasss of enabling
that ambitious Power to realise her wishes.
We further learn that the A usteimi Cabinet, as
if apprehensive of the policy wli.cli might, in the
cent of au unsuccessful esintseign is Italy. be
paiased by the Sardinian tieveraiorut, has pin-
ks/ell to the iVng of SARDINIA to exchange

. -

Piedusontese troops, lo the minibus of ieti,6ll4l'men,
for Hanprian troops to Mitiltpal Inn44olt: the
former to be incorporated wilik,the Austria, army,
while the litter were to occupy the foroispre of
Piedmont, /cc. The proposal, we unduliNsbarsmes
instantly sod indignantly rejected. ' ' "
•1
rr The Pork rimers of Sunday 'hot, which have
"ar+irreriiells#,4llce, contain no account respect-
''
the lieliar iiimmencensent of hostilities upon
the frontiennef Mph% We learn front Augsburg
that so candlrlently had the Allied Sovereigns
counted upon the immediate submission of Naples
to their arrogant proposals, the answer returned by
the Government of that country actually excited
the utmost astonishment ins the minds of the Ess-
Felton., and of she other illustrious personages
who formed the Congress at L.Nyhach. The En-
PFROBS were ready to set out fur Trieste on their
nay to Vienna, when this rode answer arrived et
Laybech, and disconcerted the arrangements of
their Imperial Majesties. Conferences were again
commenced, and a new Declaration will, it is
paid, testify to the world the amazement of the
Congress at the temerity of those desperate mm.,
wino venture to defend their country from awe*.
*ion, and think war ant evil of less magnitude than
cli.boriour. It is very possible that the march of
the Austrian army from the Pe, previous even to
the arrival at Naples of the proposals transmitted
fronts Laybach, might Wye been 'terrine, with such
extraordinary rapidity through Italy, upon • pre-
sumption that no oppointion was contemplated by
ilte.Pieapulitaii Government ; and as if in proof of
this supposirion, we find that the Austrian army,

. I

when almost within sight of its prey, was 'obliged
to halt for some days to collect its scattered divi-
-11101111, and to afford time fur i+ artillery to join the
main body. It is stated from Lsybach, under date
of the 23 h of last month, that the Aastrian
vernment has resolved to send further rrinforce-
tnrots its army in Indy, feeling probably that •
force of 100,000 n►en, formidable though it may
appear, is yet very in .dequate to the tusk assigned
to it, of cosiquering hot merely the Government of
a country, or of taking possession or towns or for-
tresses, but of ►ubduing sir entire people, ani-
mated with one spirit, and glowing with the same
feeling of reeeutment, resuleed t• achieve the wink
of independence, and to punish the aggressors of
their country.
The Court of Berlin has, by • diplomatic Note,
comraunic•ted officially to the Prussia's Ministers
at all foreign Courts, signified its concurrence in
the principles adopted by Russia and Austria at
the Congress of loybach, •ad the measures, adopt.
ed in cons►quence against the untiffendilig people
of Naples. The King of PlUillA thus expresses
Isis concurrence in that part of the Austrian De-
claration which autiousiees that the troops of his
Prussian Majesty will be ready to support the at-
tack upon Naples, should the .vents of the war ren-
der such necessary. flow revolting an
impression of the depravity of the human species
does such an engagement upon the part of Russia
and Peussis create ! flow dreadful is it to reflect
that whole legions of thinking beings can be led at
the criminal suggestions of two or three wicked per-
sons to destroy the happiness, comforts,aud existence
of thousands of their fellow-creatures, fur no obvious
or even imaginable purpose* of personal or national
advantage ! The great military despots m■y pos-
sibly calculate too betty upon► the state's(' mechaui.
cal obedience to which they have reduced their
troops, for it is certain that a spirit of freedom has
since the destruction of BON•PARTIOS empire per-
vatted the wester part of Germany, and the majo-
rity of the German people undoubtedly view the
struggle of the Nrapalitans for the e►tablishment
of • free gov.rnment with feelings of admiration
and sympathy, and are very well disposed to imitate
their example should a favourable opportunity
offer. Even the troops of Austria and Prussia
must feel that in uttark.ng Naples the war is one
merely of despotism against liberty—one of ag-
grea.ion and cruelty, without tone solitary motive to
give it the bliglitrst juatiii.:ratioto, or to redeem it
from the eternal iutiony which, must attach to
wanton and unprovoked •ggeession. to such a
cau►e they cannot fight with the glorious eistliu-
, stasin that leads turn to victor) ; the couscious.
saw ef ben% niercly the instruments of crime will
perm heavily upon them iu the day of battle, ■ud
whisper to them that every victory olvained over the
Neapolitans will serve way to draw still closer the
chains of slavery around their town countries.

Yesterday the Cabinet Niutitrra dined with Earl
BATHURST, RI his house in Siasiliope-strut.
Yestrrilay a Court of llirectors ante held at the
East India lluu.r when Captain Iltilan•aD was
arrow into the e mind or the ish,geis .f Wel-
lington. consigned to Nladrits •la tlengri.

AJASL'HESTAR CHAMBER or Cosimeact.—be•
portant I vistranntruilum.—We are g 1.411 to lay before
war reader. the following copy of an answer to en
application Ilona the Chanter of Cuminet ce and
Manufactures of ntheirester, reltet ling the trans-
innorion trf letters intweeu Nuplea and Sealy and
Great illitaiu

" Cement, Post Ofßre, sth March, 1621.
es 5111-1 have the konuar to lickuo• [Mae the set-coot of
)our irlirr of the Ist arstmit, itoluirimy (for the information
of she Board tof Directors of the Chasabt r of Commerce aud
M•nuf;ictiore of Mancliester) a bolter any impcdmieut is
likely to arias to the regular traususissiou of tellers to
Maples sod Sicily by the urdivary poet ; awl to to q.saiut you,
in reply, that 1 min rut linage soy ruipedimetite are I.kely to
prescut thringepres Su the coureyance of lire corteepuudeute
of those Flames in the usual awl ordinary course.
" I hare the humour to be,

Si.," )ewe 1111111.4 obedient
" F. IItEELtNQ
G. C. Aubrcy, Manchester."

•, .-4 f

if •

;

cdp 6.3 • -sy fix
• • •
NASNIONABLZ PARTS."

-
j Thei Marehionies Laase••• gave as eles
, ow Tends% to She . D..h and Duehere
of of Mepiesoq. pordpoill Lady James ilteart,
Mr. Mir Mrs. S. Markesaie, Mr. sad Mrs. Abereronsby,
J. A. *acre, tag. 1111.1). at iAnsilown House, Berkeley.
square.
Earl and Countess Cowper irtm*.a. Voila dinner YeldertlaY
to Viseoust and Vinessisstan eminent., sad • thstiagaialsed
party at their house in Geoego.mmtels Hasever-ftluare.
Earl Whitworth and the Meehan of Monet will give •
grand entertaiansesit this day to Mtge party of distinguished
permits at their resides/ea in Filweinao-siptare.
Lady Farquhar hoe hosed cards of invitation for a grand
musical party WO Monday sot al her haw iast. busses.
1411111/11V.
Mr. and Mrs. Coe will (mortal° the Earl sad Countess of
M. Germain" mad a distiognished party this day at their
house is Harley-strret.
The Comtism of Arno eatevlaiwed • party of fashiosiabhm
yesterday eremite's, at her hose. I. Dower-street.
_ _

7431710 NA licit rOIRNTS.
The Hartitiosteas of Attlest, god the Ladies Paget as
rived rsterday at their boos/ is' Old Surliogtou.street, from
their rat. Beardeeert, fltalrardsisHi.
The Dowager Marehtoossa of Dairoshiest Radar Wish
Hill have arrived at their Woos Is Hamovorrentra" HAW
their seat in Surrey.
Swotted Dtethund hie arrived at the Platten HactoPtiol
eadilly, hoes hie arse, Severn Bask, Worcestershire.
TM hlaripia ttf Tstrldeld a. 4wd yeeterday at his father's
(the Duke of Poril..na) bogie, la tit..lauseeisasisams,
• tour. . i •
Lord Althoep has arrived at the Albany, hoes his omit is
Yorkshire.
Arrivals at the Itruostritk House Hotel, Hanover-square:
D. Hstlibortims, Esq. from his seat la Emus; C. C. Western,
Esq. M.P. at ditto, frogs his seat, Felon Hall, Eases; the
Hews Miller, at ditto, from their am, Alto., Hants
Mr. acid Mrs. Arrhaleaeon and family lett Thomas's Hotel,
Httheley-misrare, yesterday fur tionthamptom.
Mr. aad Mn Hash sod family arrived yesterday at the
Priers Saxe Coburg Hotel, Charles-street, Grosverwor-
aqoare from Cheltenham. •
Lord George Lesson has lob Nos to jai* his regime-et
at Nottingham'.
BHIGHTOI4,II4aus 12.

The lamented death of the Princess Elizabeth
gave an tffet twit check to our fashionable bilariiies
last week. The Kiri saw no company, mud the
only Palace arrival since this day seunight was that
of Coma Monster no Thins&Valli who nem left
fur London yesterday. `l
His Majesty will return Ilsr Corlett's-Ulnae towards
the close of the percent, or early sn the week ens,.
'tog. We have she pleasure to add. that his Ma-
je►y continues in the eajoynsent of must excellent
health.
The Marchioness of Bath is in nor last arrival
list. Lady E. Seymour and Lady Lambert are
among the departure% The Earl of Egremost,
after a short absence, rttrsad yesterday.

-

Tuesday the Duchess of GLoscassas, the
Duchess of Kass, slid the Princess SOPHIA wits,—
ed the Duchess of CLAIIIIICIL, The. Duchess of
Kstts spent the eveuittg with the Duke end Du-
chess of CLARINeI.
Yesterday the Duchess of GLOUCIIIITIR and the
Duchess of KIM! visited the Duchess of CLA-
IM/ISL

Arrivals ut, and departures from, the York Hotel,
Dover :

His Excel;racy the Duke tad Duchess De Cases sad seise,
the Court 1k Cages, Sir Robert mid Lady Headersois, Bari.
Mrs. Chanibeis and family, Cul. Montgomery, Sir Robert
sad Lady Inglis sad family, the Hoo.'Keppel Crater said
arise, the Cuuut and Countess di Marbetey Twissey, this
Has. Mr. Fraser, Lord W. Besitiork, Col. sod Mrs. Mercer,•
-- Male, Esq. Sir Robert Williams, Bart. Lieut. Molysieux,
B. Travers, Esq. Cuuat Cararint, Mr. sad Mrs. Le Waage,
WNW. neCkflifd, Eaq. Sir Phillip sod Lady Durham, Bart.
Mr. slid Mrs. Birch, Major Ogle, Mr. and Mrs. Angola,
Yarbury, Esq. Colour! sad Mr.. Mansell, Colour!
de Rouse, Callaghan, Esq. the Count De Aulair,
His. 5. 1). Slade, Sir William Cuauioghaas, Lady Elliott,
Mrs. Broosirigg, Mr. and Mrs. Biiekdak said
Mr. said Mrs. Barrett, Mr. sod Miss Seymour, ilia Misses
Gibbs, Mrs_ Fuutd Buttes and Sister, Sir Janes sad Lady
Col WI for, Lady Stuart Woilley, Lord Hervey, R. Groves,
Esq. Mr. and Mrs. Garden, Mr. Jeinsugham, Mr. Moore,
&c. &e.

ST. PATRICK'S DAY.—We are happy to under-
stand that the chatitable objects of this festival, next
Saturday, are likely to be amply tilled. The CHAN-
CELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, who had issued cards
fur a large dinner party on that day, has postponed
his invitations, lest they might interfere with this
Charity, and has signified to the Duke of WELLI °-
TOM, who it to preside at the City of London Ti-
voli, that he will hiupell attend the dinner, with as
many of his intended guest* as he can prevail UpOil
to IteC01111;aly him.
We are requested . tq state, that the property
.1 the late Mr. DesostsPLs appears by his will
nut to amount to 50,00u1.
Lord HENRY 1311NTINcl. the Duke of PORT-
LAND's youngeet sun, Piet with a perilous cm bug
week whilst hunting with Lusd SCARBOROUGH'S
Yin krbire hounds. His Lordship, fortunately,
sustained no material injury ; but the horse, a lu-
vuurite hunter of ,11r. G. FOLJAIIIIK'r, war killed,
Raring dislocated his heck.
St. Patrick owes St. David a torn, as the Gen-
Hemet' of the Stock Exchange would teen it, or,
ail is commonly said, " One good turn deserves another."—
' On the Ist instant was the &mod Drawing of the bit 14.11,
arid it was also St. Dar id's Day, on which Day au entire
Prise or SII,OOOI. war the property It ore of the Tickets sent
to Ireland ; theiefure St. David behaved very politely to
St Patrick, matt we thick the oar/stoma will out he oat.
dome in Irishman's or generosity by the Leak; therefore as
Next Saturday is H. Patrick's Day, sad the Last Day of
Drawing of the Lottery, the Hibernian Saint ought ou draw
■21,0044. no be the praying, ut lime Taffies, and that would
be payin the Cambrian Saint in hie urn way. This way
mil be done, as there are Three 91,0001..Prisee to draw,
and all mut be drawn Next Saturday.
The slioesereiu was illuminated on Moodily even-
ing, in consequence of Mr. GA altAT'll election as
Aldermen, u cireutometter which hes not occurred
for upwards of forty years.
The Episcopal Palliest of Exeter is undergoing
a thorough repair, to the amount of about 3,0001.
at the joint cost of the Venerabk the Deau and
Chapter, and the late and the present Bishops.

rtusaudeJ

. .
krtai4avii
POLICEfit 112.1t4ii, V 1.11•00 •••
•••••11.m.
5.1
sow stain.
Me. SVl•ej pewnlireker, of Broad-street, Bluoasekery, ap-
peared helm Mr. Itlesiell, the sitting Magistrate, to as
iehematims cheesier him with bawler kkee ewe shinier se
interest frees a pow WOONII ea the pledge of a radial's celer-
iac apparel, wheel *sly eitio.peree hallpeemy er atee.peuce
farthing was dee.
Mr. Williams siteaded, sad objected to the informer
givieg evidence, am accuses of her being a asserled woman ;
as there was a penalty is cam of mseelethee, she was not
competeat to see mid he wed--aced Is sopped of hie °bier.
t on urged that it was laid doves so in BlaeLidep s. Con-
Inentaries.
The Magistrate, nu referriue, heed that it applied 0011
to civil menses, sail overruled die objectless.
Mr. Williston took moodier objection as to the pledge sot
having beets redeemed; bet on the 17th of last moteih, wiles
the twelve months bad 'spited, whew the pledge ores which
Daly three shillings was lent, one shilling was drimaaded sod
taken ae the intermit: the pour woman not tieing able to pay
the these 'hillier/ whets a new ticket sir duplicate was giver,
the expired twelve mouths intesem 'wrier bees meld of
The Magistrate overruled the objectives, baiter of opaline
Thai the mi./ calif the interest mid a mew lieket beteg Mo-
ttled, vise a redemption, acid etievicte4 the Defeedaet in the
penalty it forty shillings.
Caroline Hirespitertaad.lfery Alm were charged before
Sir Robert Baker' with slealfier a counterpane is a house in
the Saves Dials, said it being smoragly suspected that they had
sold it at • heave kept by Mellon' Watt' Nu. 33, Giese St.
Aedrew.strest, Scant Dial', • search-warrant w end
Dudes, lead, mid Lees, the Constable, cam
rams.' 11. They searched die hoes. la ealif tie *-
teepee', bet they Stead ao kemeese lestislltt pestfilertr,
sappy.' to hems bees stole% which they hive& amity In
two comellies ; sad also took Ist. tasted, kiellised Wed., his
wife, alba his cos, Charles.
Amster the prom" hued were 130 down of plates. of
• thirmemellaetere of Memos. Spode sad C./prised, of Peoural.
Thrush's lam-Melds; 160 silk handkerchiefs; some
abt Itpleesesal dies, with • Nottleiumes mats .. tinges
miamatter cake, • boar's head, coped betwee. WitO
celestial miteamm, a Mod hulehog ass olive brawls peopies...
tattle, Pairessat, 'rootlet ••' a masher of ek.
mom semillimette ; • large tether flea:tel ; and a isomiser of
soperiemilkte. The whale of the peeped, brought away
was eselmee4.o. he worth about 4001. The Prisoners keep
"fiVie a foresees is Messrs Spode sad Cope.
laisdler pesivied'elle 130 dose. of plates to be his stamen'
remissly, seithelteved them to have been stoles.
RieltardWade sod Misted. were massed to And bail, them-
selves is 2001. each, sad two sureties is 20W. each, se be
coalmined to sower for raven/kg them.
Charles, the sow, wee discharged.
Richard Wade, the father, di card kagurier that he bed
seek properly la his house; hot said his wife hod hooch. it.
TUB wife admitted that ee bought, without ashler oar
glutamate, articles of every deseriptiort.
CHARGE OF ARSON. .
George While was brought to the //bee by fklusee the
Dater, charged with having wilfully set lire to eirrtah pre.
anises sear Reading, and he being identified as the mem ad.
vertised fue that oftener, Mr. Mist's/all, the Magisirate, or-
dered him to be estavryed to Readier to be examined before
the Magsetrates them.
Mr. Knew( K. who sibeeeeded from Leipsie with
30,0001. and was traced to England, we mailentand will re.
mai. in custody till the peronismo. sif the Secretary of State
is *Waked to take him back to Leip.ie
IIIaRLIIIOIIIOOGII
CHARGE OF MURDER.
!Smear Guistasom. the • roprietste tif the beekeey-coach
1011, was chained with billies F.lisalseth Jones, aged enmity-
woe years, by driving over her to Creims.sheet, Sena !hate,
.. Sate/day evening.
lafeematims had bees gives at the Mice that the Primmer
ferlemety frees airy idler remeter ewe the dabsesod, sad
Clemente the water had much tremble is apprellemiliag him.
The fiellowier was the tenancy addeeed upse the eteasiue.
The Primmer, accumpueied by saaptlerr nee as the box
was driving moat a brisk rate, when be deceased slab hawked
duos by the hanks, about clever o'clock or Illataider
The wheels pissed over her bead, and two yeses moo eased
veyed her to the Middlesex Hospital, where she dada MOO
14 hour* after. The blood rushed from her mouth; sad to
use the language of the iv atomism her bead was se coutuard
that her eyes storied forth, amid they supposed her te be dead
before they reached the boapital.
Oa a "kenos being pat by the Magistrate, the son of
the deceased described her to be a hale woman of her age,
who could walk from Sever Dials to Tower-Hill, whisk au
boor.
Another mittens proved that the Primate put his horses
tiptoe their best speed after the deceased was ran over.
In his defesee the Primmer said, it was am accialetti which
he could teat avoid, bat Midget what hid barrelled, he poll.
ed without delay.

As the Coroser's loopiest bed sot sal, t►e Prisoaer was
till

Saturday:

COMMITTER ON A o suet, Commit-
tee cuutiuued its sitting flu Tuesday from one till
lour o'clock. It was mare fully attended than flu
either of the preceding days, 1611 the Members being
present, with the exception of Lord CAIITLIREAGN
and another. The Committee resumed the filet
branch of the inquiry—tts a:Kellum the evidence in
support of the alleged extensive distress that affects
agriculture. In furtherance of such object, W. HA N.
NINA, Esq. of Dillington, Sonsersetslate (at present
High Sheriff fur that county), and J. ELLNAN, jun.
of Flair, near Lewes, Sussex, were examined.
The delivery of their testimony, also supported by
returns of the expenditure and income of their
fartniaF concerns for several years, occupied the
Cour tee during the whole of their sitting. The
allegation of the Petitiosivra, winds is flaw ex-
' 00000 red by the Committer. is thus set forth by
therioselves—'• That the contraction of the circu-
luting medium, severely a. at way operate, does nut
arise, as many persona who Inure taken wily 444siper-
ficial view .4 the subject suppose, from any deter-
mination of Govermasent to take off the Bonk Res-
trictions ; but from ass actual, positive, and bona
fide declension in the grass retorts* of agricultural
produce, of upwards of 70,000,000/. per annum; for
(they continue in the blit 1111 l any or case handed to the
Member+) whether the circulating med consist
of metal or paper, cunt and cattle, uric oilier cords
agricultural produce—must blast purchase the
greateit portion of such medium, before it can be
put in circulation ; and if the above annual depre.
ciation in the value of uur agricultural productions
has taken place, then has 70,000,0001. less of cir-
culating medium, of whatever it may consist, metal
or paper, been annually purchased and circulated,
io this kingdom, for the last seven yeses, thou was
creuted, purtlutked, or circulated, before such de-
pression took place." The question is—Has such
diutinutiou taken place ? Many of the Gentlemen
who have been most active in formisig Agricultural
Association+, and in presenting Petitions to both
Houses of Parburuent. were again in attendance.
The Yowug Halliday. BYANN. from Savannah.
fur the Clyde, was totally lost ors the 6th instant,
on the Calf of Mars—crew saved.
The Caraymette, of Liverpool, was token by the
natives on use coast of Africa, and plundered of
great part of her cargo ; she was afterwards re-
taken bra slave ship and boats from two British
vessels; the remainder of the cargo was divided
amongst The eisrors, and the %Tsui sold.

,raiDSM MA MM.

---,
Captain Trieseeif match le drive two horses (tandem)
mile. in tau liorKOnd to turn horses and chaise upon a
breakfront Iliereetalli took phice on Tuesday, instead of
turday last (b) measest) upon the Stillest remit The wheel
horse broke tones ohe trot lake in the lint ten wiles, aa4
pierce miles was accomplished in the lest hoar. The
leader broke his pare iu the thirteenth mile and the ',tattle
was giveis up, as the horses had nut speed eauugh to ac-
complish the task.
ESSEX LENT ASSIZES.

CIIIII-MSIFORD, MARCH 13.
The Assizes for this county cosinnenced here to.
diy before the Lord Chief Baron ItICHARDS‘ who
arrived here yesterday shout half-pal-t tour o'clock.
His Lordship. this morning, after opening the
CusamOision, attended Divine Service, and then
re-fumed to the Crowe Court to charge the Grand
Jury. The inili•position of Mr. Baron WOOD.
which is understood to be a violent attack of the
NOW, htivitig changed its spat from the hands to the
tivt, will eatable him to reach this town to.nighs, to
perform his duties.
lu the Crown Coast the business is likely to be
cosisidershle. there lien% 90 oriftotiers,. several of
'Omit are charged with capital offences, but of sso
great estormit!. The Civil business will not com 4
swassoe until to-morrow. and is eapected to be an-
asmally fight, the comes not exceeding thirty.
CROWN SIDE
Joseph Bawler, a plush of 17, was indicted for
"reuniting W. Thorp, iu the King's hotehway„ ors
the 9th of November, its the parish of Latino, put_
tang bins in fear, and stealing from his person -10 s.
in slyer. Guilty—Death.

Robert Gookiitone was indicted for feleniously
and inaliciowely manning and wounding • boar, the
properly of Robert Crush, iu the parish of Bins-
bury, on the tills of September last.
The Prisoner, in a fit of furious rage, attacked
the boar with • large cudgel, and bear him ,no.
urrenercifully fur so hoer continually whilst he was it'
the water. Ile broke his back in two places, mod frac-
tured five of In. rib., as was afterwards discovered
when the animal was killed slid fliyed. %Whom
confessed dirt he could not suppose-that the Pri-
soner bore any malice towards himself personally,
that the hot, had once berme entered the ['intoner%
garden and did mischief, mid he attributed his vio-
lence on this oceintori to the trespais committed by
the boar. Under these circumstance!,
The CUM, Balton told the Jury that they most
find the Prisoner not guilty, the gist of the offence,
natistly, malice toward. the *weer, not being made
out. His Lordship, however, expressed hiastelf
in strong terms af iirdigustion against the Prniourea
bettairossa and brutal eruelty towards th- sui.ersble
animal, which was the object of his savage Mini-
warily. Verdict —ll'or
Thomas ityling convicted of stealing a sheep,
the property of Thomas Horner, at Bu'shuri, ads
the td of January last, rrcetved setitenceur Defio.
At the Northampton Assizes Philip liaaprojebbit
Mary Clarke, convicted of the wilful murder •Olf
Johp Clarke, husband of Mary Clarke, at Charwel-
tou, received set/truce of death, and were to suffer
on Saturday, and their bodies to be afterwards dis-
tiected mid asanomised. JINNI King, fur a rape,
elm received mtoteneenf death, and was left for exc..
collator It others were capitally convicted, yd
nine sentenced to transportation.

CORN RICII.4\OII, W 111,4 EWA; MAIM' 14.
A lidevehly lame quantity of Wheat and Barley tessidned
over from Monday's supply, which met heavy Aisle tide mourn-
ing, and only She finest qualities übisiurd Monday's prices;
the inferior descriptions were teaderell on !user termini with-
snit brink able so effect salt.. The Oat trade was heavy at
Monday's prices, having ►ad a plentiful arrival since that
day. White Prase are Is. dearer. ha other articles there is
no *lteration.

Nartes.—Estrisct firm a private letter, dated
Naples, February 20:—" Au alarming crisis iv.
certainly at hand in the affairs of this country.—
The Al•ies soy their deterMination is irrevocably
fixed, and the Pao liametit hus decreed nut to stake
peace as 'wig as an enemy shall be on the territcvy.
As, in the event of the Austrians react iog Napless
a scene of great confusion will ensue, the English
Consul, as a measure of precaution, has desired
returns to be resit in of all the English attached to
the different esiablirlitnentr, in older that places of
refuge may be provided fur them on board the chi-
ferent English meta-of-war lIIIW ia the harbour.—
The Russian, Austrian, and Prussian Authaseadurs
quit Naples to-day."
On Wednesday ao inquest was held by the
Coroner at Crayford, on the body of JAMES
Las, servant in the family of the lion. Mr. FLA-
ass, at Bexley. who bad accompatsied his mist reties
to town, roil un his return (having lett Isla Lady in
London) he sat on the coach box by the side of the
coachman ; and when the carriage arrived at Bex-
ley, being very d..k. the horses went oat of the
track. and the wheels struck ■gainst some post*
■ndd threw the decein.ed off the box, when his; head
hit against a 'time, and he wrs killed iiirtaiitaue-
ously. The drceaseJ war recently married. and on
the suer gof the day on which he died, he took
leave of his wife, and said that he thought his hap-
;rimer' war too great to last long. Verdict--Acci-
dental Beath.

PIIICE of IiTOCIIs YESTERDAY.
3 poor Ct. Com... 74ii Luthrty 1.1. Lets 271.18..
5 per Ct. N. Aim. 10611 I Cons. Ita Ace... 731 73
Jodi,' Bon SO pr. I ni
Ex. Bills. 2.... 3 5 pr. I

ISIRTHE.
, Os Sunday last, is Upper Wisupoie.strert, the Riess Hos,
Lady Amelia Sophia Buyer, of a daughter.
Yeeterday, iu Upper Eetrave.plate, Pimlico, Mrs. Mao-
. rice Erase, of a daughter.
MARRIED.
On Monday, se F-t. Sostelesrk, James R. Scoot, Esq..
of Leith, to Jaue, eldest Janina, of J. Dosaldms, Esq. or
Honiloplowit.
DEATHS.
Al Stoselp. near Kimboltow, H mut iugdooshire, Emily,ooly
daughter of Frrderiek Welstead, Esq.
Oa Monday last, is Sloane-street, Mrs. Mills, widow of the
lat. Samuel Mills, Esq. of Greenwich.

HIGH WATER THIS DAY AT U►NDON BRIDGE.
Slersiate 0 after IS. I Evening 9 after 0.

Printed aged Published at Till
GLOM& Odiese, N.. 117,
of the &mad.

BRITISH PRESS sod Ttl E
4ruid, by C. CORNITI.A.L,
