4 .4k,

mks far pier: NYS, Mt Without them infinite evil
Until the tanweis• at a Mkt, is Dublin. called 4=l
Association, k was spailly possible to endure the implies**, sf
mendicants is illsPridi Er is. The upper claims bagisit-
ted their toasty the who lived eft
Ruekrd to Polito; trade could not .be
scarcely any kind of business trarsacted. were it not
urea taken by that Association, in connection with the Gait
citable establishments of Dublin.
Mr. HUM E lamented that the gradual reduction whSell
been promised, not only did not take place, but that an
had actually. occurred. The Chancellor of the Eschequie=
look to 'he subjeet. and no longer permit such experae to cooties&
Mr. OOULDURN said, that if the Honourable Gentleman op.
posite would look to the paper 'rehire him, be would les that au
reeersaof what he supposed was the fact.
After uhw words in reply from Mr. HUME. 1,7611. was
for the esper.see of the kensele Orphan Asylum.
2,71141. for the Westmorland Lock Hospital.
2.81361. for the hying-in. Hospital.
Mr. HUME objected to this mast vote.
. Mr. GOO MICR N replied, that this sum at least wu requiem"
for medical assistance.
6621. for Stevens's Hospital was the next vote.
4001. for the Hospital t.f incurables. (d. laugh.)
8,6281. for the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland, passed
without

. observation.
1,9001. for the Royal Coik Institution was the heat vote.
Dlr. LtUNIE and Sir JOHN NEWPORT made a few obser-
rations on the subject, in the conrse of which the forme said, that
the private contributions to the Cork Institution amounted to only
Md. annually, and refened to that fact ra evidence that the citizens
of Cork set but Side value upon the advantages of that estab-
lishment.
Mr. PEEL thought it would be advantageous if his Right
Honourable Friend (Mr. Goulburn) would open a communication
with the Gentlemen at Cork, and ascertain how fat they were
willing to contribute. Ile was quite of opinion that the sum
to be granted by Parliament should hear some proportion to the
amount of private subscription.
All that Mr. HUME wished foe. was, to call the attention of
the Government to the subject.
Mn. GOULBURN wan underatood to adopt the summation of
Mr. Peel.
7,0001. for the Dublin Society.
10,0001. for the use of the Conimiasionees for making wide and
convenient Streets in the City of Dublin.
On the motion being put on this vote,
H U3I E. said, that the chinos of Dublin ought to pay fbr
their own 'conveniences—ought to defray the expenses of im-
proving their own streets. It was a great grievance that the people
of England should hear such an expense; scarcely a week elapsed
without remonstrance on the subject. -
Afters few words from Mr. GRATTAN,
Sir J.'NEAVPORT rose- to say, that he thought it would be
a good arrangement if the public were to assure the debt at present
due by the Commissioners, and for the future leave them to pay
their own expenses.
Mr. GOULBURN said that be bad previously adopted 4ltat

-
2,50 et. for the Fanning Satiety of Ireland.
3001. for the Royal Irish Academy.
7-2.21. for the Commissioners of Charitable DOCIVIOCS and Be-
quests.
LINEN TRADE OF IRELAND.
19,9381. to defray the expenses of the Linen Board of Ireland.
Mr. HUME, in objecting to this vote, expressed his opinion.
that a great deal of mismanagement trended in tide quarter.
Besides, he was on other grounds agaist the grant. Why not
give similar advantages to the woollen trade? Why should not
his Majesty's Aliristere, proceeding as they do with great pro-
priety in favour of free trade, leave linen to itself, and not tax
the people to the amount of 20,000/. fora useless or rather a per-
nicious purpose? Unless there II WI some extraordinary pecu-
liarity in this case he thought the grant ought to be abolished.
Mr. OOULBUttN said, that the Committee had here to deal
with a subject of mttch importance to Ireland ; and there could be
no doubt that heretofore the Linen Board and the officers under it
had done much to prevent fraud and to promote the true interests
of the trade. But further, there is a general feeling throughout
Ireland that the existence of the Board Is essential to the pros-
perity of the trade. His information on this subject be took floor
persons well acquainted with the subject, and on whose judgment
he could rely.
Mr. T. WILSON said a few words against the grant.
Mr. TRANT could say he had learned that in the North of
Ireland the Board had done much service to the trade ; he was
therefore unwilling to agree to any sudden reduction of the grant.
Sir O. HILL defended the Board, and co detained that great
advantages accrual from this annual grant. If any one circum-
stance more than another tended to promote the tranquillity of the
North of Ireland, it was the existence of the Linen Board ; and he
did not hesitate to say that the morality and wellbeing of that
part of Ireland mainly depended on it.
Lord A LT fIOR P—One Honourable Gentleman frpm the South
of Ireland thought the establishment of the Linen Board bene-
ficial to the northern part of that country, but not to the south.
Another Honourable Member from the north thought the Board'
injurious to Ulster. but serviceable to the aouth. He (Lord Al-
thorp) was disposed to agree in a part of the proposition of eadil
Honourable Member, and draw the general inference, that the
Board was calculated to effect no good purpose in any part of the
kingdom. Under this impression he would oppose the grant, and
give his support to the amendment of his Honourable Friend the
Member for Aberdeen.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT deprecated the mode in which the
Linen Hall was managed in Dublin. The Board possessed a corn-
mar.ding and elegant edifice, with rooms appropriated to the ex-
posure of linen intended for sale. These offices were not let for a
valuable consideration, as they might, and a proportionate revenue
derived from the proceeds, but the use of them was gratuitously
given to certain favoured-individuals. who thus derived an advan-
tage to themselves intended for the public. Without taking upon
himself to judge how far the funds of the Linen Board should
be limited, he did think the subject demanded very serious con-
sideration. . .

Mr. HUME hoped, after what had fallen from many Honour.
able Members upon this subject. and the evidence (if he might so
call it) which had been given by Gentlemen to the right and left of
the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that he (Mr. Hume) would be
favoured with that right Honourable Gentleman's vote on the pre-
sent occasion. He really thought, looking at the line of policy
adopted by the Right Honourable Gentleman since the period of
his coming into office, that in common consistency he was bound,
by supporting the amendment, to put an end to the monopoly
which the contemplated grant went to continue. He again called
upon the Right Honourable Member to give him his vote, on the
very principles of free trade, which he had made the basis of his
financial measures. He did not well see how the Chancellor of the
Exchequer could do otherwise, when he recollected the sentiments
of the Right Honourable Gentlemen's speech on the opening of
the Budget this Session—sentiments which he had no doubt would
be re-echoed by the Right Honourable the President of the Boyd
of Trade, in his speech on Monday next. He would, therefore,
persist in his amendment, and move the Committee that the
amount of the proposed grant be reduced from 19,9381. to 9.9591.
Colonel BAG W ELL would support the vote. if the grant was
ten times its present amount there would be sufficient employment
for it. The discontinuance or diminution of the accustomed grant
would be most injurious in Ireland, and have the effect of sending
adrift numbers of unfortunate creatures, who at present derived
their principal support from the trade these grants were intended to
encourage.
Mr. PEEL—This was not solely a question of political economy
or ordinary commercial ululation. A considerable degree of peen.
liar feeling was involved in the consi.leratjon of the subject. He
thought this remark applicable to Ireland. not only on account of
its particular situation but also bearing in mind die commercial
restrictions and regulations which had been entered into with re-
spect to that country. Not mar.y years had elapsed since a m
from the Throne had been brought down to the House, in :Trete,
among other things, it was recommended to discourage the
woollen trade, sr.d encourage the linen trade in Ireland. Under
such circumstances, however, it might be necessary to look into the
existing regulations with respect to that trade; he thought it
better not to act with such precipitation as the Hon. Member for
Montrose desired. The object of the Board was to introduce the
linen trade and mannfacture into many parts of Ireland where they
were at present unknoa n. Gentlemen opposite had been among
the Wade& and readiest to tasseled& aeries situation of based,
and the want of employment of the peasantry in the western and
southern districts. Taking them up on their own grounds, he did
not see how they could continue their opposition to a measure calcu-
lated to remedy those evils. The linen trade could be best ex-
tended to those parts of the island where 'it was at present unknown,
by sending among the peasantry persons competent to instruct in
the various branches of the inanulacture, and affording other fa-
cilities which could be best effected through the medium of such a
body as the Linen Board. lie thought upon moral considerations
if Ws could he made the meats of introducing employment among
the poorer classes in the South of Ireland, that the advantage to
be gained would compensate for the amount of the present vote.
and fully counterbalance any departure from the usual political
principles that should regulate our conduct.
31r. GRA TTA N supported the amendment.
Dr. LUSHINGTON said, if he could believe the assertion of
the Right Hon. Gentleman that the act of voting away 20,000/. of
the public money in the manner proposed would go to improve the
situation of the poor of Ireland, he would support the grant ; but
he must confess he contemplated the measure as one founded upon
very erroneous principles, and calculated to defeat that object. If
the House could be persuaded to pass a vote for the purpose of en-
oouraging a manufacture of a commodity greater than that required
by the actual demand, it must necessarily Tower the price of the arti-
cle in the market, and deprive the manufacturer of that fair remu-
neration necessary to compensate him for the expenditure of his
capitali Ii bad been stated by the Member for fipperary that
utensils necessary to the manufacture of linen were given away as
charitable donations to the peasantry. He contended that such a
proceeding was pernicious to its tendency, as its necessary conse-
quence was to rase up a commodity for which there existed no
price or demand. It was the encouragement of what he wall die-
posed to call an unnatual trade, and be thought a greater evil could
not be for Ireland or any other country than the existence of a fac-
titious trade wholly uncalled for by the circumstances of the coun-
try. Such conduct was only temporising with a disease which was
already toe deeply seated, and playing the quack with a serious
disorder. Under such circumstances, he could not assent to the
vote now before the Committee, although generally he agreed with
the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Peel) in ire propriety of not putt-
denly withdrawing measures for the advantage of Ireland. however
eeclvsive in their num, or erroneous in policy. This did not ap.

•• • • 0
. THE BRITISH PRESS.

peer to btu as • nermetire al that deserlptiou. True, he looked
ewe Indeed se a diseased member of the State, and therefore
setidg the serest cautious and tender treatment at their hands.
Yet Wm W asavinced of the impede, of the present rote. and if he
desilitee hew taking the sense of the House upon it, it would be
eatir also the toderstanding that Gentlemen on the cpposits
Wean 'meld oat twess each a measure in another Session, with.
telt
.v:Bl7ll;tritlifeipl;.htir
ceroynosr
Gentlemen
deune
ntop"tusetittneptitied nbeeee.m
OD pedwida employment for the peasantry of Ireland—on the ground
of ildillpilly of meeting the existing distress by the extension of ,
and the creation of trade necessary to that purpose. ,
Mena g 5 sale he thoueht it might be right to attempt what
Idlsdee ether eireemstanees would be improper. Ile therefore eon-
eiellitsheeden of what the Honourable Gentleman (Doctor 1
V:izasi
had GAM a fictitious trade in the present instance,
the Injury resulting front exclusive encouragement, I
MR Ira more than counterbalanced by the benefits arising from
the esettioyesset of the peasantry of Ireland. One of the regula-
bens edit Beard in Ireland was, to have the goods brought into
the market' by persons whose salaries were to be paid out
of this twee. • thought that an excellent regulation. If Gentle-
! dant wiled Is hese any alteration in the present practice, let them
cane remark red propose the rcntadelling of the existing laws.
This weed ho the proper mode of acting. They ought to do au—
to go ups Weed and general prieciplee. and not attack the parti-
cular grant. Fes his pan, he could feel no hesitation in pledging
himself to CelladiV, wherever the subject should be brought before 1
the House, net merely the grant but the propriety of the law itself.
Mr. It. GORDON thought it much better for the House to refuse
the grant. If they did tar Ministers would take the necessity of
altering the law bite consideration. The money voted io these
grants he believed generally found its way by some means or other
tuto the nutmeat persons who supported the Government. How-
I ever, investigation must always be attended with good effects; in
continuation of Which the Honourable Member adverted to the
change made in the management of the House of Industry, where
it was found posaible to dispense with the services of four visitors
out of five, one being solficlent to discharge the duties of the
office.
Mr. GOULRURN explained. He had found five individuals
in the situation of visitors to site House of Industry its Dublin, an
institution which it was not necessary for him tneulogise. Having
ascertained diet a fewer number of officers would answer the design
of the institution. they had been reduced in number front four or
five to one individual. The services of that officer could not be
dispensed with, as his duties were of a nature moat important to
the well.government of the establishment.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER—It has been
asserted that nothing had been done by the House on this im-
portant subject : be begged to say that was a mistaken view of the
case. Ile would refer, in confirmation of what he asserted, to the'
Report of a Committee same years ago, recommending consi-
derable alterations in the commercial system of the two countries,
and tooting the rest a reduction of the bounties upon particular com-
modities manufietured in Ireland. lie did not think it necessary
to defend th. existence of thou protecting bounties and duties ;
but as they did exist he thought it advisable to proceed slowly and
with due caution in any attempt to deal with them. There was,
however, sufficient proof that his hlajesty'r Ministers had not
neglected the subject or been asleep on their post. Gentlemen, on
discussing a subject like the present, should recollect the singular
situation of the great masa of the population in Ireland, and that
principles which applied to other countries were nr applicable to
Ireland. (Hear, hear.) In feet that country was totally unprepared
to receive the new system of political economy, found so advan-
tageous under other circumstances—at least those principles could
not safely be applied all at ooce. Admitting more or less the
force of the objections of 11011. Gentlemen opposite to corn-
mercial restriction, though he was not prepared to go the length
they did; yet admitting their objections, he maintained that it
would be extremely dangeroos and imprudent to withdraw aud-
duly all assistance from the commercial interests of that country.
(Hese, bear) It might he said, that the system was altogether
erroneous, and that they had begun at the wrong end in instituting
such bounties and reitnetions. Perhaps it was so; but he would
repeat. as they did exist, due caution and consideration must be
made use of in modifying or littering them.
Sir G. HILL said the linen trade was the staple manufacture of
Ireland • it was carried an in every farm-house in the northern dis-
tricts, and the population found employment in it down even to
children of six years old. The average amount of capital em-
barked in it was from 2,5001. to 10.0001. It was therefore, as the
House would see, dispersed among a number of small mar ufac-
tureen, and in that respect wholly unlike the cotton and woollen
manufacture in this country. Among proprietors possessing seat
limited capitals the Irish Linen Board had exercised a most I.ene-
ficial influence. They had increased the trade in the course of a
few years from a few hundred ehousends to five millions sterling.
He doubted not that there would be found a market for twice as
much of the article were the manufacture proportionably increased.
The Board had a variety of objects in view, all calculated to pro-
mote the trade. They distributed the necessary implements, and
encouraged new inventions in machinery calculated to facilitate and
improve the manufacture. lie entertained no objection to the prin-
ciplesof the Board being Investigated, because he was satiehed It
would appear the good effected by them was immense, and quite'
equivalent to the grant of the House.
Mr. HUME said there had bemoan his part no attempt to take !
the house by surprise—no want of notice. Four years ago he had
divided this house on the very grant. In the next year a Corn-
mince was appointed to investetate the subject, consisting princi-
pally, if not entirely, of Irish Members. The conclusion they
came to was, that the trade was increasing, and it might be dan. '
gerous to interfere to check it. That was the result of the labours
of the Committee. If the Ilonoumble Member for Derry (Sir
George Hill) could prove that the Linen Bovril had advanced. the I
trade from an inconsiderable amount to five millions, he would vote I
for the grant, and support it. continuance. But hei (Mr. Hume) 1
was 'satisfied it had produced no such effect. On the contrary, he
thought the effect of the Board had been to domineer over the',
small capitalist engaged in the linen trade. The Right Honour-
able Secretary for the Home Department had talked of the neces-
trite, of respecting the feelings of the people of Ireland. He was
glad to hear the Ilor ourable Gentleman adopt such a tone. But
how did the Linen Board respect the feelings of the Irish nation ?
He was desirous of refraining from saying how deeply that Board
had injured and insulted the feelings of the great majority of the
people of Ireland. Out of the seventy-two officers connected with
the Linen Board not one was a Roman Catholic. (Hear, hear.)
Was this the way to conciliate Ireland ? He had been unwilling
to advert to such a fact, but the funny of the country were deeply
insulted by sneh a practice. (Hear.) He would oppose the grant
—it was useless--worse than useless—an absurd and unnecessary
expense. Ile should therefore persist in pressing his amendment,
which went to reduce the grant to one-half its present amount.
Mr. J. SMITH was obliged to differ on the present subject, and
give his vote to Gentlemen opposite. It was impossible to apply
the ordinary system of political economy to a country situated as
Ireland was. No man respectrd that sretem more, or had a higher,
idea of its Importance, but unfortunately it was wholly inapplicable
to the present case. It was evident that several thousand persons
were employed, not merely In productive, but what he might be
permitted to call reproductive labour by means of the present grant.
Ile believed that much more had been said of the danger of over-
mocking the market in the lament case than wu at all warranted by
fact. He could relate one circumstance to the House which went
to confirm that opinion. An extensive dealer in linens had lately
told him (Mr. Smith) that he was willing to become a purchaser of
that article to any extent at a certain price. He certainly concurred
with his Honourable Friend the Member for Montrose (ale. Hume)
in thinking it shameful that all the trustees are Protestants. That
was an injury to the country and a reflection upon the Govern-
ment. lie (31r. Smith) had lately had considerable com manicat ion
with Irish gentlem.n, and would take upon himself to prove, if
necessary, nt the Bar of the House. that no peace or tranquillity
could exist for Ireland without religious and political equality.
He should very much like to know what was to become eventually
of the Catholic Question. If that was not granted to Ireland it
would be useless to rant any thing else.
The House then divide, when there appeared—
For the amendment of Mr. Hume, 17 ; and against it, 76.
Several other items were agreed to without a division.
On the resolution for granting 30811. to the Board of Commis-
sioners for the inland navigation of Ireland being proposed,
3tr. 111'3IE moved teat it should be reduced to 1681/. as it was
the most arrant job in all Ireland, without having even the shadow
Of a duty to perform.
31r. GOCLBURN replied in so low a tone of voice that we
euncete beard Mae 4 but we understood him to any that, besides
various other duties, the Board had to superintend the accounts.
Upon a division there aepeared-
-lor the amendment, '27 ; against it, 75.
The House then resumed, and the report was ordered to be
brought up on Monday.
SHERIFFS' COURTS IN SCOTLAND.
_. _. .___ ...

The Sheriff's' Courts Bill;;;;;Aul
CANADA TRADE ACTS.

The CommittceontlieEaui;iratle .Kta- -Was postponed till
Friday next.
DISSENTERS' MARRIAGE ACT.
The second reading of the Dissenters Marriages Bill was also
postponed till Friday.
ANNUAL DL'TIES BILL.
Upon thin Bill—
Mr. SYKES said he would make a few observations upon our
policy in this measure. Our policy, with regard to sugar, had
been to confine our supply to wine very small portions of land in
the Caribbean Sea, whilst that from our extensive territory in the
East Indies wan entirely excluded by the prohibitory duties. This
only tended to support the horrid 'poem of slavery. The draw-
back on wine had put 1,008,0001. into the pockets of the West In-
dia Proprietors. And yet it au said that drawbacks and bounties
were not of benefit to Mena. If they did not benefit them he
should like to know whom they did benefit. This policy was
manifestly contrary to all sound doctrines of political economy, and
were nothing more nor leas than ugly excrescences. By this prohi-
bition of East India sugar we were deprived of the commerce of
the whole of that vast peninsula. Ile knew that it exported rice,
indigo, saltpetre, and other articles, but they were nut altogether
equal to the demand ftir sugar. This system had, in fact,
completely reduced the energy and productive power of India.
On the authority of Sir. iiihheer, he would say, that six shillings
per cwt, was the bonus given to the West Indies. Yet this bonus,
by the confession of the Wen India proprietors, was not answtr-
IN; the purpose; for year after year they came to the Ilouse asking
for greater favour and for more cancer:ions. Be would say that
bounties never did any good, but that they bad many very detri-
mental effects. Their object genera:ly was to make the exporter
pay for the support of the foreign consumer, and to give bim an ad-
vantage Proportionate to the driadvantaires anger which we labour.
It was said that the object of these duties was to Improve the stale
