COVF.NT-GARDEN TII EATRE.

Tbbe livening, MONDAY, April will be poterhwil the Tragedy of
MACBETH.
Macbeth, Mr. Wards; Maccluff. Mr. Cooprr ; 1.r4 Macbeth. Mias Lacy.
To cenclutle with the Extra,VT4lll2l oY
GIOVANNI IN LONDoN.
Don Giovanni, Madame Vintrl-; Leporello, Mr. Keeley.

ENGLI SH OPERA-HOUSE. •
31R. 141 TH F. WS AT HOME
Thla Teeming, MONDAY, April 10, frith an entirely nrw Entertallasent,
la Two Part., founded on hl. Obsctratium on clairactera,
!tanner-, and reculierlt;el,
11111. MATIIEWM. IN%'IIA lONS.
FAA? 111.—A tlonnpolyltane, to he called
THE CITI 11 tII4:E
Seven Character, by Mr. 31athews.
Doors open at Hal(•paat Seven ,in•tcad ~( SeVello as heretnfors); the
Performance begin, at Eight precl,:•ly.

The BRITISH PRESS commenced nubli•hing on Saturday morning
at five o'clock.

LONDON, MONDAY, Arm!. 10, 1826.

We have received the Paris morning papers of Friday,
int' the Finite of Saturday. The latter asserts that the
fort of Vassiladi is taken, and that the fate of Missolonglii
is decided by that event. The Journal des Debuts, how-
ever, argues that Vassiladi could not be captured without a
Beet, and that IBRAHIM has not one now under his com-
mand. It is quite certain, that if Vassiladi is taken,
Missolon7hi cannot hold out beyond the period that the
present stock of provisions in the garrison lasts ; because
she command of this fort by IBRAHIM. would prevent •
further supply from being thrown into the town. But the
Cosslitationaelof Friday repvats the rumour of the veteran
Isltautts having succeeded in supplying the garrison with
free months stores :
(From the Etoik of Svurday, Aril 8.1
Wows from Trieste gives the tenoning particulars, ander the
Lad of Zante, /larch 13.
••• Ibrahim, au Sailing it inaptisible to scale the walls of

Missolonghl, resolved to attack the fort of Vasilladl, which is
placed In the centre of the Lagoons, and commands them. ilis
project was to deprive the besieged of the abundant tithing, which
supplied them with subsistence. lie therefore made preparations to
cannonade the fort, and to carry it by storm as soon as a breach should
be made. After several unsuccessful attacks, Vassilatli was taken
on the 9th of this month, and the whole garrison, consisting of IGU
men, put to the sword, except three man, whose lives were spared.
The loss of this fort, will decide the fate of Missolorighi. Coloco-
(mid, Nekita, Lando, Zaime, Sissini, and other Chiefs.had fomietl!‘
plan to surprise Tripolis:a, but their measures were so badly taken
that the first men who mounted the walls %UPS made prisonere by
the French reneged° Selve, called Soloman Bey. Ile sent back to
the Greek camp the principal Chiefs who had commanded the at-
tack, after having inhumanly had their ears and noses cut off, and
desired Colocotroni to concert his measures better another time."
Baron Strogonoti; who was employed by the Emperor Alexander
oa aeveral important missions, left Paris three days ago to repair to
St. Petersburgh. Several Russians of high rank will leave Paris in
a few days to return to Russia.

Sir G. 311iregor, calling himself an Indian Cacique, and Sove-
reign of Poyais, in South America, was arrested several months
ago, charged with various acts of swindling. Ile was accused of
having made consderable loans anti taken large sums, promising to
his dupes immense treasures in his country, which he represented as
another Eldorado. He was brought to trial yesterday, with six
other persons, represented as his accomplices.
The prisoner, a man of Scotch extraction, is a very handsome
man ; he was elug..ntly dressed ; a large Scotch plaid thrown across
his shoulders. Ile answered every question with much facility,
though with a British accent. At his side was an English officer,
named Hippesley, whose external appearance made a striking con-
trast, with that of Macgregor. According to the evidence, all the
charges were fixed upon ..ebaly, one of the accused, who was
absent, amid who was sentenced to two years imprisonment 4 MSC
Oregon, and four Englishmen, Messrs. Irving, Hippesley,
and Henning, and two Frenchmen, Messrs. Deuoati and Vallogne,
were acquitted.
[From the l'ilote.l
PARIS, APRIL 6.

The 3lanhelm Journal of March 23, says, on the authorities of
aneral letters from St. Petersburgh, that the Congress has laid
down is the basis ofits discussions the maintenance of peace, but
has been agreed that whatever may be result of the s:ruggle in
this East, all the Powers shall unite to oblige the Ports to enfran.
ehise Greece.

Letters from Vienna of the '27th March, state that after the break.
ing up of an Extraordinary Council,Prince 3letternich despatched a
C3urier to the Au.trian Legation at Lisbon, with despatches,
which are to be forwarded to Colonel 3lareschal, Austrian 31inister
at Rio de Janeiro.

Ilia Majesty has just purchased, at the expense of his civil list,
a splendid collection of ligyptian antiquities now at Leghorn—
the cost is 25,000 francs. The collection contains 3000 articles.
There are colossal Sphinxes, the Monolith sanctuary of Phihr, a
royal sarcophagus taken from a tomb at Thebes ; the famous nume-
rical wall (nizsauille nunwrigne) of the palace of Camac. entire;
an immense bas relief relative to the conquests of Sesostris,
nearly 80 MSS. on papyrus, Egyptian, Greek, Coptic, and Arabic;
many articles of gold and precious stones; beautiful Greek and
Egyptian inscriptions; the entire frescos of an Egyptian tomb at
Thebes; several portraits of the times of the Greeks on panel, and
one on canvas, &c.

FRENCH FUND4.—PARIS, APRIL 7 —Five per Centq., 97t.
Three per Cents., liSf. 70c.; Bank Stuck, 2,112.1 f.; Neapnli-
tin Rentea, 74r. 60c.; Spanish Loan, 49t.; Ilaytien Loan, 770 t.
—Exchange on London, one month, 231.70 c.; Three ditto, 2.5 f„
40c.—Cuurs Autheitteque.

American l'Apers to 16th March have arrived, but their
contents are unimportant. The following are extracts
from them:—

[From the Baltimore Daily Advertiser]
The Natioriot amette acknowledges the receipt of papers of the
Mrxican capital down to the January, and the Alrarodu
sifercaris to the 9th tilt. It is suggested in them that the Colombian
Government could not have invited the British Cabinet to send an
Agent to the Congress of Panama; a circumstance which has been
'media the Paris Ministerial journals. The tone of the Mexican
writers on the subject is strong. They assert that great Britain has
nothing to do with the objects of the Congress; deny that Colombia
has say right to take the lead, or act without the concurrence of the
otheeStates; and hold this language besides.
" If Colombia has involved herself in this invitation with as
much restli:lns or facility as she has concluded her treaties with
Great Britain, it will not be long before she repents of having corn.
mined the administration of her dlairs to men who are not on
their guard against the eonseqnences of precipitation. Excessive
gratitude may conduct Colombis to the same slavery from which
she has emancipated herself by efforts so heroic."
But the article most worthy of notice Is the following contained
in the Avila MC.riell NO. _ _

" It t said, very generally, that the Senate has agreed to autho.
rise the Executive Government of the Union to join the Republic
of Colombia, in assisting the inhabitants of Cuba to achieve their
independence. This measure does honour to the Senate. and is
sufficient, of itself, to stir the tire of liberty which is cherished in
the bosoms of the inhabitants of Cuba, and to strike their oppres-
sors with terror. It appeared to be full time for the Congress of
Mexico to give such authority to the Executive as would enable it
to frustrate, in the most prudent and sensible manner, :hose
schemes of aggression, which may be formed against America by
her odious enemies, and of which the island of Cuba will be the ful.
arum. Four thousand men have just arrived at the island, and
more troops may successively arrive, to the point of exciting dis.
quietude in our continent. This affair of Cuba is one of the must
delicate whizli we have to handle in the present state of the politi.
cal regeneration of America. It is of such a nature, in our opi-
nion, that it admits of no compromise. The Spaniards must either
evacuate the island, or war niust be interminable. The chosen
people of the land cannot lire in peace while the sotiliets of Nebti.
thadtimar are encamped at this gates of the Holy City. Suit' is
Havannah with regard to the new States of America, especially
Mexico.

" lithe consent of the Senate above-mentioned be true, atiwe are
assured and believe, the question will of course come before the
flouse of Representatives, where it cannot fail to happen that an
Immense majority wall concur in what is a necessary policy of pre.
edution."

A French commissioner tru expected daily in Mexico from
aranna h.

EXPORTS OF SAVANNAH.—The export of cotton from the
port ut Savannah, dunng the month of February, was 30.000 bales.
The expert for the same month last year was 17,000 bales, being
an increase of Ill. 001) bales. It must be recollected ton that the in..
crease of the amount ■bore stn d, in that altippel for toyeigo
pons direct, is greatly more than proportionate to the loth:sae of
the what..

[From the Philadelphia Daily Advertiser.]
PER ti.-IVe have been favoured with the perusal of Lima pa-
pers to the .id of December. A new weekly paper, called El
Per aria's° ladependiente, was begun to be published in that city on
the 22d of October. There was before no gazette printed there
except that of the Government. It contains a few articles in Eng-
lish, and appears to he under the direction of a capable editor.
The Government of Chili have eldered an examination to be made
into the cause and the rhotives of the late movements in Santiago,
although they say they are fully acquainted with them, and have
no intention to proaecut"• the culpable. We see nothing to indicate
that anything was intended against the form of Government, and
it appears as if quiet were entirely restored.
The birth-day of Bolivar was celebrated In Lima on the 2&h
day of October. On the evening preceding cannon were tired, the
balconies, glum. _and houses, which had: been dectrfated; were
splendidly illuminated, and hre-works were exhibited in the great
square, where a large concourse had assembled. The besieging
army at Callao also celebrated the day. At each corner of the
square was raised an arch of flowers, inscobsii with two Spanish
verses, beginning with a reference to the " Anglo-Ametians^ and
Washington. Some spirited toasts were drunk at an entertainment
which succeeded.

---- .
The enemy were still In rails°. On the 20th they fired 426
cannon shots, 211 shells, and 17 grenades.—New Turk fkily Ad-
ve►tiser.

CUDA.--Every thinp peeves to indicate a speedy descent upon
Cuba from the Spanish main, and should the invasion tmkt place,
the soil of that island will swim with blood. The Spaniards lire
pretty well prepared hir the onset; and this last refuge of Spanish
power in the new world will not be surrendered without a smuggle.
Jain Halloran was hanged in Boston, pursuant to his sentence,
for the murder of Jona. Iloughton. s watchman of Boston. The
Sheriff addressed the people during the performance of his duty,
concluding as follows:—•• Mey he rest in pence! a warning ea.
ample to ell who forsake the guidance of their Guardian Angel—
whir triench the light of rti.son in the oblivious iirtught ; with
noise and outr,ge give honor to the night ; and rush headlong in
the paths that lead to the g•.t•c of death.

EXTRACT OF A LETTER, DATED IiATANNAII, EEL 21.
The squadron, consisting of the lie.ltad, Iberia, Perla, Sabina.
and Casiida frigates and Habanero schooner, under the command
of Commodore Laborde. raised on Stands, nintninz last for St.
Jar, and after landing there a regiment of troops, they proceeded.
It is supposed, to cruise off Carthagena, but their future destination
is not positively known.
The two first ships rate fifty guns, and the three others forty-
four guns.
The British brig Ferret has sent another slave-ship into port with
negroa : this makes the second within a month.
We have news from Jamaica to the 11th inst. It appears that
the expedition from Carthasmna against this island has been
given up.

• [From the New York Duily Advertiser.]
FROM Pb1)1•31111.1:1).—A private bci received at Baton,

dated Jan. ill. 1026, lays--" There ha. been • vigorous impress.
ment here for the anny, without any respect to persons whatever.
No vessel departs for Rio Janeiro without carrying many people.
Six thousand men have been taken front Pernambuco alone,
besides the regtilar battalions. From Ceara also proceeded one
battalion of seven hundred men ; front Bahia the first battalion of
riff mien, besides anillery and cavalry, all for Rio. All the troops
of Rio have gon.? co. the south. The Emperor ha► declared war
against Buenos Ayres, for having aided the Argentine rebels. The
aver La Plata is blockaded by a fleet of twenty-two vessels of war.
General ;.ecor, and Admiral Rodriguez Lobo, have been recalled
tolltio. In short, things go notiwell in favour of ""►" ******
The Liberals have gained great advantages ha the actions which
have taken place. In Pernambuco there is no security. The :Bi-
litary Governor, Antero, is the greatest despot that ever appeared
in this world."
We learn by the Emily, from Port-au-Prince, that two French
frigates had just arrived thete from France, with the Ilaytien
Deputies.
(From the New York Gazette.]
NEW VOUS, MAIICIII 16.
IncEttEseino.—AC/THENTlC.—Extract of • le:ter front
Havana, dated the 22d of February :
" On the 19th instant a Spanish squadron, consisting of five fri-
gates and a schooner, under Commodore La Borde, sailed for St.
Jagn de Cuba,tranaporeing 1200 troops,and will proceed thence on a
cruise to the coast of Colombia. No pains and expense have been
omitted in equipping it, so that it is many years slice the Spanish
na►y has had so brilliant anti efficient a division of vessels in ope-
ration. They are provisioned for a five' months cruise, and from
the Commodore down to the cabin boy, have all teethed their pay
in advance to vita time. Instead of apprehending the preparations
making by the enemy to invade this island, that fleet has gone to
meet him on his own shores. A chip of the line. called the Guer-
rero, is expected here shortly. and will coon be followed by two
others of that class, the San Pablo and A Igesiras.
" Every thing isextremely quiet and tranquil under the present
firm and energetic government : we are particularly fortunate in
the heads of the respective departments thereof. General Vises'
character needs no comment. Air. Pinilloa. the Intendant-General,
is a man of extraordinary talents as a financier, of indefatigable in-
dustry and strict integrity, which cirunistance% added to that of his
being a native of this city, have secured him the confidence of all
lelasses, so that the resources and means at his command are very
great. Cammodore La Ikltdc, aid. of the navy, in a brave, active,
and experienced a.•ttman, end of established reputation."
It was currently reported and believed on Saturday, says the
Alexandria Gazette, that the Senate would come to some conclusion
that evening on the Panama business ; and consequently curiosity
was on tiptoe till a very late hour, but it was finally ascertained
that nothing decisive had been done. These being no rule for
forcing the previinis question In the Senate, it is said that the op-
position is determined to defeat the measure, if possible, by ex-
hausting the remainder of the seardon in long speeches, each of its
members having engaged to occupy the floor a day whenever it
comes to his allotted time ; and it is calculated that they are suffi-
ciently strong, in words and Roanoke arguments, to hold out until
the first of June, which is probably as long as the House of Re-
presentatives will consent to sit. Report also says, that to counter-
act this uti;aincipled arrangemen., the majority will, on some day
this week, demand the question, and refuse to adjourn, even for an
hour, until the minority will allow it to be taken. From the nature
of the ease we cannot speak positively, but we believe what we have
given as rumour. The majority in tAYOUT of the motion is said to
be dive.

We have received a file of the Meniagero Argentine,
down to the 3d January.

The English steam packet, the Druid, was boarded iri
the port of Urquisa on the 28th Nov., by the Brazilian
fleet, and carried into Paisandu, where she ran aground.
Ilex stores were removed from her, and the Captain and
passengers treated as prisoners. On the 30tb they were
allowed to proceed to Urquisa, where they were boarded a
second time and treated in a very vexatious manner. The
proprietor has detailed these circumstances in a memorial
to the Minister of War of the United Provinces of Rio de
la Plata.

The shipwreck of snofficer, who was carrying despatches
to Ls VA LI. EJ A, has paralyzed the operations of that gene-
ral in the Banda Oriental.

The Emperor of Brazil has gone to Minas himself,
to excite the zeal of the inhabitants. Ile has ordered a
levy of five hundred men in each province, in order to
form an army of 9,000 men. In Puetto Alegre 2,500
men have been assembled; but on the 14th of December
they bad already been reduced to 1,100 by desertion, &c.
Pernambuco anti Bahia are in a state of fermentation. The
Emperor has only been able to land 1,000 men at Santa
Catalina, and a similar number was collected at San
I'ablo-y-Santos, in order to march to Rio Grande.
A variety of Decrees have been published by the Legis-
lature of Rio de la Plata, respecting their military arrange-
ments ; as well as a proclamation to the citizens under its
immediate jurisdiction, and those of the Banda Oriental.
Several other English and American vessels have been
searched by the Brazilian blockading force.

The affairs of Greece continue to occupy the public at-
tention throughout Europe. The question is undoubtedly
beset with difficulties of no ordinary description. On the
one hand, our jealousy of Russia prevents us from per-
mitting her to interfere in the affairs of Greece; and on the
other, our sympathy for the Greeks, and our own interest
in their emancipation, render it highly improper for us to
leave them again to fall under the dominion of the Otto-
mans. The most obvious course is undoubtedly to leave
the Greeks to themselves; but this is one of those tempo-
rizing measures which only increase the danger by delaying
the remedy. If Greece should achieve its own deliverance
—an event which every day seems to render more doubtful
—what would the situation of that country be in the vici-
nity of the great empires of Russia and Austria? It
would be a mere dependency, and so far fr ms establishing
a barrier against the power of Ruisia, it would give the
greatest facility to her future enterprises, because she
would no longer have to contend with the Turkish empire,
but with a small part of it erected into an independent
State. The best method, therefore, would be, in our opi-
nion, to allow Rpssia to interfere in Greece; bat to take
care that we should have some indemnity which might
counterbalance her advantages. IVe would not by any
means give up Greece as an integral part of the Russian
dominions ; but we would allow her to obtain the same in-
fluence there as Austria has in Naples, and France in Spain,
and we would allow that only on condition that we should be
permitted to obtain a similar influence in Egypt. This
influence might be acquired by making a diversion to recal

IBRAHINI j and it is necessary for us, because the French
have not even yet abandoned the idea of attacking India
through Egypt. The PORTE, it is true, has always been a
faithful ally of MN Countif;iiia that circumstance, we are
ready to admit, increases the difficulties that the Cabinet of
Great Britain has to contend with on this distressing and
perplexing subject ; but the conduct of the British Minis-
try has evinced such scrupulous delicacy towards the
Poore during the whole of her stru7,f,de with the Greeks,
that the most fastidious jealousy could not he excited by
it. But paramount duties now force themselves on the at-
tention of Mr. CANNING and his colleagues, and it be-
comes not only a question of feeling, but of policy, as to
this country remaining any longer a passive spectator of af-
fairs in the Mores; and we hope to see them giving that
tone to the negotiations now carrying on, that will put an
end to a contest that, independent of every other conside-
ration, may in its results, if timely interferense does not
take place, severely affect British interests.

CITY, SATURDAY EVENING.
Stock was in fair demand se-day, and the orders from
the country, although partial, gave a favourable turn to
the market; the improvement, however, did not exceed i
per cent. which rather suppeses the idea that the Acrount
according to the phraseology of the dealers, a Dear
account; but there is no continuation on Consols to the
month of May, which proves that the opinion generally
entertained of the funds la opposed to a further improve-
ment.

Consols for Account opened this morning at 791, when
an attempt to depress the merket was made, and they fell
►o 7b,1; but the number of layers predominating, they rose

in i short time to 791, and in the course of the afternoon 79,14
was the more general quotation. On the arrival of four
o'clock there was a slight re-action, but not exceeding / per
cent. which is commonly the case on Saturday.
All the Public Securities are now open for public or
private transfers; the variation in Reduced Annuities, the
New 4 per Cents., and the 3/ per Cant. Reduced, has been
limited to 1 per cent. Bank Stock is now quoted, without
the dividend, and has been to-day sold, at 2051 and 204.
The sales of Exchequer Bills by the Bank have been
discontinued, and they, accordingly, have remained steady
at from 6s. to 7s,
considerable agitation prevailed in the Foreign Market,
particularly amongst the holders of South American Se-
curitits, and the capacity of these Republics to pay the
dividends on their respective loans will probably be very
soon brought to the test. In Colombian, which in the early
part of the week were sold as high as .57, there has been a de-
pression of 12 per cent. This reduction waafoundoll meretr
on the supposition that the dividends will not be paid.
There has been considerable anxiety evinced by the
holders of' Peruvian Bonds, to keep up their price, and the
consequence was, that a momentary improvement took
place in this Stock, which was nut maintained. In fact,
all is conjecture with regard to Smith American Securities,
and the fluctuation in them to-day has been very exten-
sive; in Colombian New Bonds it has amounted to about
4 per cent. An endeavour has been made to remove the
alarm, by again publishing the advertisement for the pay-
ment of the dividends on the Old Colombian Bonds, which
fall due on the that of next month, There was, however,
not a single bargain made in this Stock ;. but New Colom-
bian, which left off yesterday at 4t4i, opened this morning
at 30; by one o'clock they bad receded to 45i ; at this de-
pression a few buyers mettle their appearance, and the
Bonds again touched 47, but closed at 46, which is within
mi per cent. of the lowest quotation of the day. •
There has been little doing in Mexican Bolds, and the
variation in them has not exceed. d I per cent.
The panic among the holders of Greek Bonds has been
increased, notwithstanding the doubts thrown on time fall
of Missolonglii to-day. The Bonds have receded from 16
to 14., and closed at only a trifling advance.
