I .

'f

A

be laid cor future employments. If, as I have been
credibly informed, the inhabitants are strongly at-
tached to their native country, they would greedily
embrace this oppixtunity of being enabled to remain
in it, with the prospea of bettering their condition,
because, before the works were completed, it must
be evident to every one that the whole face of the
country would b,! changed.
The Caledonian' canal, and the bridges and
roads before mentioned, are of the'cb.tsc4tion here
alluded to, they nut only furnis.ll present em-
ployment, but promise to accomplish all the lead-
ing objeEts which can reasonably be looked forward
to for the improvement and future well :re of the
country, 'whether we regard its agriculture, fisheries,
or manufactures."

•
_ •••.
" The Cabinet of St. James's, while it seems to bs
fully bent upon prosecuting its hostile prepatttions„
does not, however, appear still disposed :.o hazard
the consequence. of a new war, and it is confident-
ly asserted that Russia will interpose her• mediation
between England and France; the time that has
elapsed since the King's Message lends a strong
ground of probability to that assertion : While the
conduct of the Fiench Government is so strictly
conformable entreaties, that it cannot but look with
satisfaction to the intervent:on of a, great Power for
the adjustment of whatever differences may have
arisen since the conclusion of the peace. After
having indulged so long in invectives against the
ambition of France, after having provoked France
by the unaccountable capitulation entered into at
the Cape .of Good Hope, the English must sunl
astonished at such an instance of moderation.
But the nation that has resisted all Europe, w:io had
risen in arms against her, may, without dreading
the imputation of weakness, appeal to Europe, re-
stored to peace through her exertions, to sit in judg-
ment on the justice of her cause. To acknowledge
that French diplomacy has claims to the reputation
of strict and generous fidelity--a reputation winds
France has merited for so many ages, by so many
sacrifices, is the first victory which, under the cir-
cumstances of the moment, France must gain over
England. -Nations well governed can aspire to no
triumphs but when they have resorted to arms.
" The general conversation at London still con-
tinues to turn upon a change in Administration;
and nothing less is looked for than the adinis,m, of
Mr. Pitt or Mr. Fox into the Cabinet. As there is
the widest possible difference between the manner
in which the situation of Europe is viewed, by those
two Statesmen, it might be matter of surprise to see
England march forward and confront events, with-
out knowing by what sort of Ministers or of prin-
ciples they are to be direaed ; but of fate e should
be accustomed to feel little or no surprise at the
conduct of a country that fluettiatcs between disap-
pointments, and a system of pblitics which it can-
not bring itself to adopt, though every day tends
to demonstrate its necessity. We have only to wait
and to observe—lf war be declared, whatever may
the cause alledged, hostilities can never be
brought to an end until the liberty of commerce
for all Europe, or the commercial slavery of the
whole of Europe, be substantially and for ever de-
cided."—From the Mercure de France.
MEETINGS OF CREDITORS AT GUILDHALL,

THIS DAY.
R. Auderson, Guildford-street, merchant 1 10
DIVIDENDS.
T. Johnson, Norton Fa',gate, chemist.
B. Burton, Coleman-street, druggist lO
E. elayfield, Grafton.street, wooilen-draper ...... 10
E Pain, Piccadilly, wag.chandler
J. Laugham, Watnird, Fleas brandy-merchant
J. Forbes and R. Tomkills, Lad•lane, warehousemen lO

MARRIED.
On Wednesday last, by special licence, George Saline,
Esq. of Devonshire-street, to Miss Jane Sidaway, of Beau-
mont- street.
Lately, at Bratton, Mr. E. Seagram, of Warminster, to
Miss Ballard.
DIED.
On Saturday last, John %Vard, Esq. of Russo irp, near
Whitby. •
On the 16th instant, at het house in Upper Guildford-
street, Mrs. D:l9, relict or Robert D.1..p, Es.l. u: the
county of Cavan.
At the Palace of Kilmore, of a convulsive fit, bliss
Anastasia Beresford, ser..)nd daughter •t the Bishop of
Kilm re.

• Pluut

le stoCK S.

ON IP.TI
Bank SO K+ l6B
per Oent Red ....AV! 4 3!
3 per C. C. 3 4:
4 per Cent Corti... 811
5 per Cent. -Ann. .. 991 98
ti per Cent. 1797 98i 71
Kink 1.. AMC.
AMA Short knn.
Imp. 3 per Cent. .
Ditto Aon

1:111DAV.
()minium
! !mita Stu*
Ditto Bon.ts . •
Irish 3 per Cent.
1 Excheq Bills ....s. a s.
:Eng. int. ...... .
! Irish dim,
I Bank for Open.
India for Open.
Consuls for May

111611 WATER AT I.ONtiON-RIUDGE.
THIS DAY.
Morning, 40m. after 4 I Afteinoo!,.... 3m. after 5-

BEST NEWCASTLF 4.55. PER CHALDRON.
THE NOBILITY, GENTRY, and PUBLIC,
are ino,t respectfully acquainted they may be supplied
with the BEST NF.W(ASTLF. COALS that are brought to
the Loudon Market at the a'..wve reduced price, for prompt
Payment, twelve Sacks, meawred under the inspection of
Sworn Meters, and delivered to any part of the Town free of every
Expeisce, except Shooting and Meetage; and hope, from the
unlimited attention Chit will be paid to thaw who honour the
Proprietoni with thair Commands, the Coals will be-found to
giti:r universal. Sttisfaction. Orders receivel at the Stationer's,
Oxford-street, opposite BOlsovcr-stsett, will be punctually
ex,ecuteas
