ARGYLL ROOMS.

Last evening Miss Graddon had a numerous muster of her
friends, at her benefit concert at these rooms ; upon the occasion
of which she announced, that impressed with a deep sense of
the obligation she was under to the author of the Freitag:az,
the music of which introduced her as a successful debutante
to an indulgent public, it was her intention to produce the whole of
Mozar.'s Requiem. in honour of the memory of Carl Maria Von
Weber. The merits of this imperishable work are too well known
to admit of comment here. further than to say that Miss Graddon's
exertions were ably seconded by a very powerful orchestra, and by
the vocal talents of Messrs. Atkins and Foster, Master Bailey,
Master Nicholls, and a numerous chonis. The overture to the
Fecirrhutz, was also very well done, and the:adagio tended to pro-
duce a strong sensation ; it being heard with still greater interest,
now that the hand that penned it will write no more. Miss Graddon
gave the chamber scene, also, in a moat effective manner. In
44 Coming through the Rye," she assumed a degree of archness
which we shall be happy to see introduced into an acting character.
Iler voice is greatly improved in power as well as sweetness, and
she alwa”i sings in tune. Madame Pasta sang a duetto buffo
with signo De liegnis. with the highest effect ; while in " Di tanti
palpiti," she surpassed herself ; we never heard her in finer voice,
though her olfactory nerves were Powerfully assailed, as well
as those of all around her, by an unlucky escape of gas from some
part of the rooms, which at least had the merit of keeping the
company from fainting. Mr. Nicholson gave a delightful Concerto
on the flute, and Mr. Moschelee played his recollections of Ireland,
in which the melodies are Introduced with admirable judgment and
effect. illiss Graddon was disappointed of two gentlemen an-
nounced for the occasion, and upon the spur of the moment Broad.
hurst was called upon to sing " John Anderson my .10, John,"
which he did in a masterly manner. Mr. Boclisa and Miss Wool-
rya were announced fora duet on the harp, hut bills were die.
tributes, in the rooms, informing the company (drolly enough) that
in consequence of Mr. Buchea's burning his finger, the duet could
not be played, but that Mr. Chattcrton had kindly consented to
play a concerto, which lie did really in very good style, but we
must remark that the effect of his exertions would be even greater
if he would use less of action, and not o'cratep the modesty of na-
ture. Il'e were delighted to see the veteran Clementi at the piano-
forte, and to observe the pleasing recognitions of his younger hut
not higher gifted rivals of the present day. Mr. Att wood presided
at the organ, and directed his Coronation Anthem of " I was
glad" with his wonted ability. The band was led by Mr. T.
Cooke with much stendinese and effect ; his son Grafton playing
the oboe: he is a student of the Royal Academy of Music, and is
highly talented. Upon the whole, as our readers will see, Miss
Graddon afforded her friends a great musical treat, and we had con-
siderable pleasttre in seeing the rooms an well filled.

LIVERPOOL COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.

LIVERPOOL JUNE 24.
. .

We have had a better demand for British Plantation Sugar this
week. although prices have receded about Is. per cwt. on Brown
and middling sorts. The finer qualities have maintained filth
price, and about 1,100 hhds. sold. A few bags of tine White Ben-
gal hive been sold at 735. per ewt.; 100 boxes of Yellow Havan-
rsh Sugar sold at 275. In Molasses about 400 puncheons have
been sold at 21s. 9,1. it 225. for Demerara, and 245. for St. Vincent.
About 100 casks Jamaica hare been sold by auction, and hU cssks
by private sale, at steady prices. Ginger is lower; a small lot
of Barbadoes has been sold at 655. In Cocoa or Pimento
nothing done. In Rom about 200 puns.; Jamaica and Demerara
hneetreen sold, say 40 Demerara at 2s. 10d. for 26 O. P. lOU Jamaica
lire flavours at 3s. a 3s. 3d., the remainder at low prices, being old
Import parcels. In Dvewood, only 25 tons Campeachy Logwood
sold at fit. 12s. 6.1. ; 35 tons Cubs Filmic at 81. a rigs. ; and 50 tons
Spanish and Brazil at 61. per ton; 30 tons solid Nicaragua wood
at 191.195. ; tons of small at 10/. ; and a small lot of earner/rod at
16/. per ton. On Thursday last 250 cheats of East India Indigo were
brought forward by auction ; but about 121 chests only sold, at about
9d. below the prices of last month, prices being from 3s. 911. a
7s. 2d. 14 scram' Carraccas sold at Sc. sd. a 7.. per lb. duty paid.
In Hides about 0,000 have been sold, say 2.1190 Bnenos Ayres Ox
and Cow. price not named ; 1,600 ditto, salted, at 44d. ; 4,500 dry
salted Brazil at 51d.; and 350 salted North American at 30. per lb.
Ashes are dull, only 200 brls. )Montreal pot sold at 225. a 225. W.
per cwt. In Rice, 600 casks Carolina were offered by auction, but
only 350 sold at Ifts. a 17a. and 250 bags Bengal at 13s. a 18s. fid.
In Turpentine 1.200 barrels sold at Bs. 3.1. a 9s. per cwt. In Tar
nothing done. Quereitron Bark is enquired for ; 30 Idols. 18 brls.of
Philadelphia sold at 13s. pd. a 145., and's, few casks New York.
but inferior, at 9s. Nothing doing in Chineal. Madder Roots,
Galls, and Safflower. are neglected. The only sale in Shumac is 50
bags Sicily at 12s. 6d. per cwt. Olive Oil is dull, and little or
nothing doing in it. Some fine Venetian Cream of Tartar has been
Rohl at 80s. a 84s. In Brimstone and Flarilla nothing doing. About
100 bags Saltpetre sold at 235. fal. a 255. per cwt. Nothing doing
in Nutria Skins ; a small lot of 140 dozen Chinclifili Skins have
been sold at 21s. per doz. Cotton has continued dull all the week,
and has declined Id. to Id. generally: the sales are about 9,41)0 bags,
consisting of 3,250 bags Uplands at 6d. a 73d.; 1,400 New Orleans at
64d. a 9el. ; 1,600 Alabama at 64d. a 74d.; 150 Sea Islands at 12r ;
to 1911. anti 10 bags at 2s. 31(1.: 100 Stained Sea blinds at 64d. all d.
400 Pernambuco at 190. a 11d.; 1100 Maranham at 94d. a 10 . ;
150 Bahia at 94d. a UN.; 200 Pars at Bd. a 84d.; 100 Demerara at
80. a 104 d. ; 600 Egyptian at 74d. a flAil.; ISO West India at 7d.
to 94d. ; 10 Carthasena at Cp.; 200 Surat at sd. a sitl.; and 150
Bengal at 511. a bid. Of which 500 American and 200 Brazil have
been taken for export, and 1000 American on speculation. 500 Sea
Islands and 400 La Guayra are advertised for public sale on Friday
next.

The account of the Duke of York's health yesterday
was, his Royal highness is a great deal better. The Royal
Duke was visited yesterday at Mr. Greenwood's villa, at
Old Brompton, by his sister the Princess Augusta. His
Royal Highness took an airing about five o'clock on Sun-
day afternoon, in the grounds, &c. adjacent to the villa,
in 'his close carriage, for about tutlipur. Sir Henry Halfortl
and Sir James M`Gregor attended his Royal Highness, as
usual on Sunday.
The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester entertained the'
Princess Augusta and a select party at dinner, on Sunday, I
at their residence in Park-lane. The Princess Sophia
joined the party in the evening.
Mr. Huskisson has arrived in town from Liverpool, and
transacted business yesterday with the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, at his residence in Downing-street.
On Saturday morning, at half-past ten o'clock, the
Lords of his Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council
had a meeting at the Council Office. There were pre-
sent Lord Gifford, Lord Colchester, and the Right
Hon. Sir George Rose. Their Lordships were occupied
till about four o'clock hearing Plantation appeals
Despatches were sent ofFon Saturday from the Foreign
Office, to Sir Charles Stuart, at Buenos Ayres.
" Lady Cochrane still remains at Brussels, where her
Ladyship will continue to reside until after her approach-
ing acoouchement. When her health and strength is suffi-
ciemly restored, she will join his Lordship."—Aforning
Chnoliele.—We have the best authority for contradicting
the above statement. Lady Ccchrane did indeed leave I
Brussels for Geneva on the 18th instant, in consequence o(
the illness of her daughter, but her Ladyship is not near I
her accouchement, nor perhaps in that way which
`• ladies wish to be who love their Lords."
Richardson, Goodluck, and Co. ln cr to call the attention
of their Friends and the Public to the Last Lottery that will ever
be drawn in this kingdom. The Scheme contains Six Prizes of
30,0001. with various other Capitals, the whole to be drawn in one
day, the 18th of next month. Tickets and Share., in variety of
Numbers, see on sale by Richardson, Goodluck, and Co., at their
u:d•established office, 104, Bank-buildings, CornbilL

11BISTOL.
SOMERSET ELECTION.

Mr. Hunt left Believer on Saturday evening, in ordet to visit his
friends in this city, who have publicly expressed, in the strongest
manner, their hope of his triumph over Sir Thomas Lethbridge, of
whom they say " th-y are heartily sick."
Before Mr. Hunt was within four miles of the town, he was
greeted by crowds along the roads. He had taken • chaise and
four at Wells, at half.past six, having promised the people of Brit.
tol that he would be with them at eight o'clock. Ac a little before
nine he reached the bridge leading into the town, and proceeded
slowly, for the crowd had increased to incalculable cumbers, and
the whole town resounded with cries of " Hunt for ever I " Down
with Lethbridge !" &a. As he advanced, those next to the chaise
took away the horses, an universal cry of " Draw him to the pe-
destals I" being raised, and drew the vehicle up to the spot, where it
would appear the population of the whole town had assembled.
All the windows of the houses within sight of the pedestals were
tilled with male and female spectators, and perhaps never, since the
time Mr. hunt entered London from Manchester, was there exhii.
bited a stronger welcome or ■ more intense curiosity to see him.
There could not have been leas than between 10,000 and 12,000
people collected, although the notice of his approach had been given
but an hour before. He stood upon the pedestal, and spoke nearly
as follows :

" It k now fourteen years, my friends, since i first appeared
amongst you, and ever since that period I have dedicated myself
to the service of the public; I have uniformly, and without for a
moment deviating from the professions I had made to you upon
this pedestal, advocated and in other ways laboured for the protec-
tion of the rights and liberties of the people of England. Have
you, in any one instance, found that I deceived the expectations I
then raised ? (Cries of "No, no.") Very well. There masa time,
but the prejudice is removed, when it was said that I wished to
pull down the Constitution of the country ; aye, to pull down the
country itself. (Laughter and cheers.) It is now eleven ye,n
since I addressed you, find there are, I see, in this immense crowd
some of the glorious minority of 235, who distinguished themselves
by a signal effort to place me where I could have had an oppor.
tunity of serving you in earnest, by opposing those measures by
which the country has been brought to disgrace, and to the verge
of ruin. (Cheers.) I see there has been somebody at work since
I was here (looking at the windows of the Bush Tavern, which
had been broken in by the ProtheTOC party), and they can't ray
that it was Hunt's mob that committed thia havock. (Laughter.)
No. Other parties can do mischief, and we can lament the em-
dition of our country. and still hope for her redemption, without
breaking her laws or giving excuse for fresh acts of an oppressive
nature. Gentlemen, I have had something to do at Ilchester, within
this last week. (Cries of `• Aye, you have been at Leatherbreeches.")
Yes, I have been telling him what he is ; I hare been drawing his
character. lie Inn sat six days for his picture ; and although I
have painted it in all its deformity, we have had no broken heads,
nor even broken windows. (Cheers and laughter.) Why, for.
merly, when any violence happened to be committed, the cry was,
" It is Hunt's mob !" hen any drunken attorney or Remo
broke a lamp (loud laughter), it was done by nobody bur " Hunt's
mob!" NVell, they can't but say now that the mischief is de-
' parted from amongst you, and they most acknowledge that the
spirit remains entire. (Loud cheers.) But now to the business on
which I appear amongst you. I am fourteen years older than
when I first addressed you from this pedestal. I have, you see,
grown grey in your service. Illy bodily strength may not be so
great as it has been ; but all that 1 have suffered has never afl'ectej
the climate of my mind. I a si still the same—still hound to you
by the ties of affection and patriotism, and still determined to aid
you in the great—l fear the desperate struggle—desperate, because
there appears not to be the shadow of hope, for the recovery of what
we have been daily losMg. (Immense cheering.) I have received let.
ten from Bristol and Bedminster, informing me that there were
vast numbers in that extensive neighbourhood ready to go to the
poll for me (Cries of " Yes, a thousand of us are ready"),
and anxious to see me. such a contest as that in ',tech
I am now engaged, my friends, never was known. I have bad
all the magistrates, all the parsons, and all the attorneys against
are, because they all know that my exertions tend to check the
impetuous growth of their wealth upon the vitals of the hard-
working poor. I am not an enemy to the magistrates, the clergy,
or the attorneys. There are good as well as bad amongst them, I
really believe (laughter) ; but I am an enemy to the injustice this,
naturally arises from the system on which they act, which extends
itself through all the branches of tire community. (Loud cheers.)
I am the enemy to corn laws, to game laws, and to all laws that
mark a degrading contrast between the lazy and the industrious.
They know that if I were in the House of Commons, they would
sand a chance of losing, if my exertions would avail anything, not
the proper, but the lawless power which they Milict upon the peo-
ple. (Cheers.) It is far from my wish to pull down the rich to
please or to serve the other ranks of society, and the slaves know
Illy politics are, that every man, from the King to the beggar,
shall have his rights, and I ton resolute of purpose. 51y religion
is, that we all worship God as we please, and I am sure that will
please God. I asked Mr. Dickinson, and the other person at ll-
chewer, what good they had ever done, or contemplated, in their
lives, to their constituents, and they were mute. They might have
said, with truth, dist they conttibuted all in their power to lay
the most grievous taxes upon your should, es. Yeu are aware of it,
and they have been able to bung to the poll no more than 1.300
freeholders. !slow, when I stood for the representati.m of Bristol,
Mesace. Protheroe and Bright brought up thousands, and I en-
teinly was far behind ; but thin it cost those gentlemen upwards of
100,000!., while it cost me, for the first attempt Illf. 10s., and fur the
second 22f. IN., besides the labour of addressing the electors.
(Loud laughter and cheers.) Did those gentlemen ever endeavour
to remove a tax ? I told you how it would be 14 years ago ; that
if you did not relieve yourselves you would be taxed on, and that if
you grumbled you would be sent to gaol. Have my words come
true? (Cries of " Yes, yes, the manufacturing districts show
this.") Every district chews it ; every man who is obliged to
work for his bread has experienced what I have said to be true.
What prospect is there for you of alteration, while you allow your-
selves to be misrepresented in the House of Commons. The only
tax that has been taken off, has been taken off at the suggesion of
Ministers, not at that of the Whigs. Of those no parties, I al-
ways told you that I considered the ‘Whig the worst. A Tory is a
man in place, who gets out of your pockets all he possibly can ; a
Whig is a hypocritical Tory, who wishes to do the very same thing.
(Roars of laughter.) Now, the freeholders of Somerset are able, it
they please, to put in amongst this band of real and hypocritical
Tories, a man who is determined to expose them both ; and it' they
do not, they will have no right to complain. They will be taxed ;
they may grumble, but if they do, they will be sent to gaol. This
will inevitably await the skew of resistance, until the people
are determined to be free. (Shouts of applause.) There must
be high and low, rich and poor; but the honest bard-work-
ing man ought to have all the conveniences of life, and some
of its comforts. (Cheers.) That is what I contend for; and if he
is sober as well as industrious, he ought to be able to put by a little
for a rainy day, when agr creeps upon him, instead of sinking into
beggary, the ban and accursed attendant upon the mal-
administration of the laws. (Applause, which continued for some
moments.) I shall go to Bath from this, and from thence to
Frame, and from thence to Ilchester, to meet my friends Mr.
Dickinson and Leather-breeches. (Laughter.) And if the free-
holders do their they, I shall seen be at the head of the poll. The
young, the able• and the healthy can walk ; those who are feeble
can ride, and those who have no votes can subscribe to convey
those who have. (Cries of " we will, we will !") 1 shall wait for
you at Ilchester, notwithstanding the astonishment of Sir Thomas
at my keeping the county in agitation, and his foolkh expectetiun
that I would take his hint, and let him take his seat without
an effort to push him from the stool which be has so long
usurped. About a fortnight before tine election commented
I met him in the Temple. Ile was looking about for some
other pampered slave, with hia squinting glass at his cye.—
" Ali. how do you do, 51r. llnnt ? ' said he, with his church-
yard voice; " 1 have not seen you for a lung time." " No,
Sir Thomas," sail 1, " but you will soon have that gratification
pretty frequently." `• Indeed !" said he. " Oh, yes," said I, " we
shall meet each other every day for fifteen days, as soon as the
county election begins." (Laughter.) " Good God ! Mr. Hunt,"
said he, " surely you can't mean such a thing ?" "Surely 1 can,"
said 1; " with the blessing of the Lerd, we'll meet at the poll."
" Good God, Mr. Hunt, the expense of such a thing will be dread-
ful. It will cost you thousands, and also put us to as enormous
expense, and iftereell you cannot succeed." " Oh." said I. '• the
money has been already subscribed, and the freeholders wish me
to remove you (Loud laughter), and I intend to do it." Ile then
!tinted to one diet I might find no difficulty in getting into Parlia-
ment for a rotten borough, and my reply was this. l'ott had me in
your county gaol 2 years and 6 months, and you and your brother
ungistratee treated me in the most cruel and cowardly manner.
You turned the key of my prison door against toy family, when
they travelled 150 miles to comfort me. Well, they went home,
and then you revoked your order of exclusion, and they returned ;
hut soon after they were im the spot again, you again cast a barrier
between us. (ernes of " Shaine !") Three times has this species
of torture added to the bitter severity of my sentence. IVell, I did
not forget it. There are some things which can never pass from
the memory, for the heart's blood is mixed with its exercise. I
exposed the county gaol system ; I banished your favourite gaoler ;
I cashiered some of your arbitrary and cruel body ; I drew down
the public abhorrence upon your acts ; but I owe you more, and
therefore' 1 shall give you, with the blessing of' the Lord. fifteen
days of it, within view of that very poi where you goaded your
prisoner. (Laughter and loud cheers.) My friends, I do not
know whether you have observed it, but the moment a man who
Orontes the rights of dwell
oss contest,
ethetsalth.,etalfsrso rbaogt ho forward,
the Whigs and
Tories instantly give up their humbug differences, and unite to keep
laenrbdrTeeocribra
yhtitm:e, out.fo TiLet italiethrbercerceheins.
was called to account at of eils for his conduct in Parliament, and
the hallooing he got reminded me of a dog with a tin kettle tied to
his tail. (Laughter.) Ile said upon the occasion that lie had to
objection to he compared to the animal in so deplorable a condition.
as he really endured a great deal. But now the case in altered. If
he ensures in at all, it must be at Mr. Dickinson's tail ; so that
Dickinson must he in this instance the dog, and Leatherbreech. a
must be the kettle at the dog's toil. (Roars of laughter.) There
is one thing at which you must all rejoice—I mean the defeat of
one of the dirtiest tools of the House of Commons by the men of
Surrey (loud cheers). who have trundled him out of Parliament
just like so much rubbish. But afer ail, I do not see how. under
present circumstances, the relit House of Commons will differ
from the last. All can say for niteelf is, that if you give we an

opportunity, I shall endeavour to do what your late Illemben
not done, or tried to accomplish. Indeed, I fear you may el
another seven years' slavery. The House of Commons ,
undergo a change while the people are lazy and trearherou
themselves. It is the nature of man to retain and to es
power, and the people sink easily into delusion. Iv
you get together and drink, you will, if you are asked,
down a house; but what are you capable of doing for the Repo,
sending a man, in whom you have a reliance, to Path/Act
(Cries of " every thing ; we 11 subscribe ; we'll go to Ilcheter
vote.") lithe people of Bristol will refrain for three days f
guzzling beer and gin, more money may be collected than its.,, be nnccssary to send up five or six Milt pendent men of their c
to Parliament. (Cheers.) Perhaps it will be said that Hunt
been reading you a lecture on morally, as many a parson doe,
hour or two before he gets drunk. t Laughter.) I ask you
as
the language I have al wayxused ? (Cries of " yes, yes tom
', ;:n
certainly do (not as my friends the parsons do) practise 10;
preach. (Cheers from all parts of the crowd.) Mr Hunt cor!
eluded by calling upon the multitude to make every tabu to brin, tip voters to the poll, and assured them, that whatever 'iv..
the result, he should appear amongst them upon the Same Slab;tet
at the text election.
Mr. Hunt then retired to the Bush Tavern, from whence he
off to visit Bath and Fs one, preparatory to the grand tflonsetsi
next week.
