FROM LLOYD'S LIST.

The brig Hebe, Captain Tnst, His arrived at Plymouth from
Para, having been prevented from landing her outward cargo at
that place, in consequence of the subjoined communication from
the British Vice-Consul The British inhabitants had left Para
tor Barbad.ses:—
" Silt—Having received an assurince from the Government of
this place, that it considers the lives and properties of British sub-
ts in peril, on the departure of the frigate Impends and brig'
Maranhao, and its refusal to guarantee their safety, I consider it
my duty to inform you thereof: and that, if you think tit to re•
main in this port after the milting of those vessels, being thus lip
prised, the responsibility of such act most devolve on yourself.
Inclosed I hand you a passport from the Government.
" I am, tiir, your obedient servant,
(Shred) " HENRY DICKENSON,
" Vice-CoosuL

" Vice-Consul's Office, Para, March 2, 1824.
" To Captain Trim, of the Helm"
The English are all gone to Barbados in the brig Mary and
Ellen, taken by the authcnty of the Consul to convey the British
sukiects in Para to some port of safety. The reason of all this
arises from the evil-minded having spread a report that the 258
Aetna, who were put on board a ship in the river in October last,
were suffocated by sulphur, and that the English, who took an
*cure part in quelling the disturbance, were the cause of their
deaths, for by them they won disarmed% in consequence it was
deteemined to revenge their deaths on all English indiscriminately.
FALMOUTH, APRIL 20.—Arrived the John and Thomas,
Cooks, Rom (;rite—nailed 29th of February. Sailed the Stanmer
picket, far Lisbon • Tiger, Duke, for Vera Cress ; Isabella, Fame,
Enterprise, and Colon, fur London.
PLYMOUTH' APRIL 20.—Anived the Harmony, Robinson,
front Anoint. Off the port, the Catherine, Voting • and Triton,
?qt. hem Raids ; and Ammo, —, from Alexandria.
PORTSMOUTH, APRIL 21.—Arrived the Perseverance, Paget,
from Cephalmia ; and Skipsey, Leadler, from London for fia-
lifax.
DLitt., Aram 2E—Arrived and mailed for the River, the Cos-
sack, for Rio Janeiro. Came down from the giro. and sailed, the
Deveron,Wilson, for Van ISeman's Land : Upton Castle, Thacker,
for Bombay ; Providence, For, for Lisboa ; Hester. Pearson ; and
Allary, Ross, lor tl. John's, New Brunswick ; also, and remain,
being little wind and a flood tide, the Syren, —, for Trieste ; and
Alacrity, for the Cape of flood Hope.
URSTESEND, APUIL N.—Arrived the John and Isaac,
Martin, from Tarragona. Sailed the !Atone, Louie, for Deme-
rara; Flora, Brown, fur Cadiz; and Cane Grove, Thomann, for
St. Vincent's.

The Spanish Colonel De Pablo, commonly known by
the name of Chapalangarra, is arrived in town. Ile was
the Governor of Alicant, the last fortress ceded to the
French, he having maintained himself several days after
the surrendering ;of Carthagena, Peniscola, and Barcelona
itself. *He pledged himself to be the last to yield, and be
kept his word.
Sir William Curtis, from the most recent intelligence,
is at Malta, where he has been detained some weeks, on
account of the Algef.ne corsairs who are hovering round in
all directions.
Letters from Madrid, of the 7th of April, state, that
several arrests had taken place at Valladolid, in conse-
quence of a conspiracy having been detected in that town,
but no disastrous events had occurred.
Lettere. from .St. Peteralnirgh, of the 26th of March,
state, that tho Emperor's health is entirely reestablished,
and that he rides- out doily in the environs of his capital.
Ve the 23d ult. the anniversary of the Emperor's ascend-
ing the throne was celebrated with great pomp. Colonel
Bsscon has returned to St. Petersburgh from Berlin, where
he went on an important mission.
THE RECENT 14:1.0PLM ENT FROM BRUSSEL/ie.-WC con-
fess we were not a little surprised at Deadlier in several cf
the Metrotrolitan Morning Papers, the following most in-
accurate statement relative to Mr. Robinson, with whom
Miss Benetton eloped, and to whom she was soon after-
wards married at Gretna-green :—" The gentleman is not
a inn of any family or fortune; but he was lucky enough
to gain admission to the house of the young lady's mother,
and successfully employed his time, as to secure the
young lady's affections in a short time." We say nothing
about the " toereere" of the concluding sentence, but we
feel called upon, from our knowledge of the circumstances,
to declare that Mt. Robinson's family is of the utmost re-
spectability, and has been for many years most intimately
cannected by intermarriages with many of the most ancient
aid wealthy families of Scotland. Indeed, so unexcep-
tionable did the marriage appear to the highest legal autho-
rity of the realm, that on the profimma appearance in the
Court of Chancery of 11r. Robinson, and his fair bride,
who is a ward of that Court, not the slightest objection
was even hinted at, and in the proposed disposal of the
lady's fortune, the Court instantaneously and cheerfully
concurred.—Cheresrhom Chrogiek.
RI centre, LI. est t• is.—The large room in Willis's pre-
sented the usual numerous and distinguished audience yes-1
terday, to hear Alt. Nl`Culloch's fourth lecture. In the
last Lecture be had explaintsl that the productiveness of
industry depended on the accumulation of capital, and
that the accumulation of capital depended on the pro-
ductiveness of ituln-try -r the profits of stock. In
Jr/epee/atm as capital ',VHS increased and properly applied,
industry was extendvd:uul rendeied more productive: from
the profits of this itultz•try canital was again further in-
credited. The public burdens and the security of property
being equal, the profits of stock were the true criterion of
the comparative prosperity of States. Every individual
would employ his capital in that department of industry
which yielded the greatest profit, and this was the best, and
might to be the only guide in the application of capital.
But Dr. Smith, Mr. 31altlins, and others, had maintained,
that capital was most advantageously employed in agricul- '
Lure. both for the labourers and for the public. This
(Tinian it was the object of the Lecture to prove unfoundtsl.
Speaking of the comparative salubrity of agriculture and
Manufacture, the Lecturer observed, it could not be doubted
that manufactures had been greatly increased in this
country since 1790, yet the average mortality was greatly
dimintabed. In te:l u the average mortality was one in
fifty-three ; in lie),o, out. in fifty-seven ; hut 611790 it was
one in forty. The Lecture was received throughout with
greet admiration. The next will be delivered Monday
nest; it-trill be on Money.

MEMOIRS OF CAPTAIN ROCK,
THE CELEHEATFO IRISPI CHIEFTAIN I WITH SOUR
ACCOUNT OF HIS ANCESTORS.
WRITTEN IT HIMSELF.

There is no example in the history of nations in
which the interests of the many have been so com-
pletely sacrificed to the venal supremacy of the few, •
as in Ireland : there is no example of the rights of
millions of Br ilixll 'Oka, being so thoroughly and
so treacherously abandoned to the aggrandizement of
aristocratic faction. This system of rancorous °ppm- I
Sion has been, from time to time, exposed with all the i
powers of eloquence, and assailed with all the strength of
reason. Fox, GRATTAN, CURRAN, BURKE, with a long
list of men to whose names both countries may refer with
honourable pride, have bent the whole force of their talents
to advocate the cause of that ill-fated country, and to pro-
cure the balance of justice to be held with an equal hand.
Their labours have been but little productive; the scene of
oppression and resistance, with heartless proscription on the
one side, and hopeless revenge on the other, has gone on
till it can go on no longer; and unless the authority of Go-
vernment interposes vigorously, and with effect, things will
infallibly take a course the result of which it is tearful to
contemplate. But our attention is called at present to the
" Memoirs ty*CAPTAIN Rues."
This invincible Chieftain, in whose name so many ra-
vages have been committed, appears at length in the field
of literature. He is a formidable champion, whatever
shape ho assumes, and both as a warrior and a wit he
makes an equally dreadful descent upon the enemy. It
would be capricious to call upon so useful an auxiliary to
produce the registry of his birth or the record of his com-
p mission. We will take him as we find him. Whether he
; owes his energy to pmtieal inspiration or to bowls of whis-
key, it matters not to us; his reasoning is not, on either
account, the less powerful, or his wit the leas pointed.
Without calling, therefore, for his pedigree, we will look
to his pretensions • and first, to the mode by which his
manuscript fell, by good fortune, into the hands of the
individual to whom the public arc indebted for its pub-
licity :
la the small town of —, where I reside, in the West of
England, some pious persons succeeded, the year before last, in
establiid,ing a society on the model of the Home Alissianary in
London; with this diKrence, that the labours of the latter are
principally confined to England, while ours were chiefly, if not
exclusively, d'.-ected to the caniversion and illumination of the
poor benighted Irish.
The ladies dour town, in particular, were so impressed with the
urgency of raising that unfortunate race from darkness, that every
moment of delay in sending missionaries among them, appeared, as
it were, an age lost to the good cause. " What could be more
perative," they asked, " than the claims of those destitute souls
upon us? If the county of Worcester, which has hitherto been
accounted the Garden of England, is now (as the Report of the
(10114 Missionary assures us) be.ome, for want of preachers, 'a
waste and a howling wilderness,' what must the mountains of
Macgillicuddy be ?"
In this temper of our little community, it was my lot to be singled
out—as knowing more of Catholic countries than the rest, from
haring passed six weeks of the preceding summer at Boulogne—to
undertake the honourable, but appalling task of Missionary to the
South of Ireland.

To hint anything of my personal fears to the ladies (all Chris-
tians as they were), was more than I had the courage to verdure.
As a brave man once said, to excuse himself for not refusing some
coxcomb's challenge, " I might safely trust to the judgment of
my own sex, but how should I appear at night before the maids
of honour ?"

Our missionary elect accordingly prepares himself to
execute the errand of these pious sisters, and having qua-
lified himself for the work of regeneration, and bring
equipped with an ample supply of Religious Tracts for the
edification of the Whiteboys, he sets forth on his journey.'
'The adventure which ultimately -..qt him in possession of
these Memo, as, is narrated with a felicity that does not
admit of abridgment ; we must give it entire :
With the details of my journey to Dublin I shall not troublel
the reader, nor with any account of the curiosities which I witneoed '
during my short stay
H
in that city. I visited, of course, the Parlia-
ment }louse, which is a melancholy emblem of departed greatness.
In the House of Lords, the only relic of its former pomp is a frag-
ment of an old chandelier, which they show mournfully to ::rangers,
as "the last remaining branch of the Aristocracy"--and the part
of this structure which wee the House of Commons, is, since the
Union, by a natural transition, converted into a Cash office.
Having received all propermattuctions from the manager of the
Religious Tract Establishment in Sackville-street (to whom ou.
fellow-labourers of the London Tavern had consigned me), I left
Dublin in the Linweiek wadi, on the 11th of July, 18W, in com-
pany with a gentleman who wore green spectacles and a fl :en wig,
and who was, In many other respects, • very extraordinary per-
sonage.
As he was one of those people who prefer monologue to dialogue,
be talked through the whole journey, and I listened to him with
exemplary patience.
The first place of any note, on our way, was Nsas, near which
there is the ruin of& magnificent house, begun, but never finished,
by Lord Strafford, when Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland. In pointing
it oat to me, my friend in the green spectacles said, " It is melan.
choly to think, that while, in almost all other countries, we find his-
voice, names of heroes and benefactors familiarly on the lips of the
common people, and handed down with bleasings from generation
to generation, in Ireland, the only remarkable names of the last six
hundred years that have survived in the popular traditions of the
country, are become words of ill-omen, and are remembered only'
to be cursed. Among these favourites of hate, the haughty no.
Wyman who built that mansion, is to this day, with a tenacity that
does honour even to hate, recorded ; and, under the name of Black
Tout' still haunts the imagination of the peasant, as one of those
dark and evil beings who tormented the land in former days, and
with whom, in the bitterness of his heart, he compares its more
modern tormentors. The Babylonians, we are told by Ilerodotus,
burled their dead in honey—hut it is in the very gall of the heart
that the memory of Ireland's rulers is embalmed.
From his use of metaphors, and abuse of the Government, I
should have concluded that my companion was a genuine Irish-
man—even if the richness of his brogue had not established his,
claim to that distinction.
In riming by the town of Kildare, he directed my attention to
the still existing traces of the ruin anti havoc which were produced
by the events of the year 17911--" one of those ferocious rebellions
las he expressed himself) whose frequent recurrence has rendered
Ireland, even in her calmest moments, lice those fair cities oa the
aide of Vesuvius, but a tenant at will to the volcano on which she
is placed !"
' Is not this singular ?" he added, " is not this melancholy ?
That, while the progress of time produces a change in all other
nations, the destiny of Ireland remains still the same ; that here we
still find her, at the end of so many centuries, struggling, like
felon, on her wheel of torture—never advancing, always suffering
—her whole existence one monotonous round of agony While a
principle of compensation is observable throughout the fortunes of
all the rest of mankind, and they who enjoy liberty must pay fur it
by struggles, and they who have sunk into slavery, have, at least,
the consolation of tranquillity—in Mk unhappy country it is only
the nil of each system th t is perpetuated--eternal struggles, with.
out one glimpse of freedom, and an unrcluing immure of power,
without one moment of consolidation or repose !'
At Roseres, about half way between Dublin and Limerick, I
parted with this gentleman, having, in the course of conversation,
communicated to him the object of my journey to the south, at
which, I observed, he smiled rather significantly.
Front Rosettes I turned off the main road to pay a visit to an old
friend, the Rev. Mr. —, whom I found comfortably situated in
his new living, with the sole drawback, it is true, of being obliged
to barna& his house of an evening, and having tittle embrasures
in his hall-door to fire through at unwelcome visitors.
In the neighbourhood of my friend's house there are the ruins of
a celebrated abbey, which stand, picturesquely enough, on the
beaks of the river, and are much resorted to by romantic travellers.
A wish had, more than once, occurred to me to see the effect of
these ruins by moonlight; but the alarming indications of the gun-
holes in the hall-door had prevented me from entertaining any
serious thoughts of such an enterprise.
On the third evening of my stay, however, the influence of the
genial " mountain dew,"which lily Reverend host rather bound.
fully dispensed, so far prevailed over my fears and my prudence,
that I sallied forth, alone, to visit these ruins.
Of my walk I have no very clear recollection. I only remember
that from behind the reneralle walls, as I approached tbem, a eon-
feted murmur arose, which startled me fur a moment—but all
again was silent, and I cautiously proceeded. Just then a dark
aloud happened to flit over the moon, which, added to the effects of
the " mountain dew," prevented me front seeing the objects be-
fore me very distinctly. I reached, however, in safety the great
portal of the abbey, and passing through it to the bank which
overhangs the river, found myself all at once, ..c) my astonishment
and horror (the moon at that moment breaking out of a cloud), in
the midst of some hundreds of awful-looking persons, all sr-
rayed in white shirts, and ranged in silent order on each side to re-
, olive raw!
This sight sobered me comFletelv—l wu ready to sink with
terror—when a voice, which, I could observe, proceeded from a tall
man with a plume of white feathers in his hat, said, sternly, " Pass
on,” and J, of course, promptly obeyed. Though there was
something in the voice, that seemed rather familiar to my ears, it
was not without exceeding horror that I perceived the figure that
spoke, advance out of the ranks, and slowly follow me.
We had not gone many steps, when I politely motioned to hint
to take precedence—not feeling quite comfortable with such& goblin
after went before, end having conducted
met no'eas, Ile,pot,i acsunc'terddinnglytanle from the hand, where we could not
be observed by them, turned hastily round, and took me, with
much cordiality, by the hand.
I now perceived—witat the reader must have anticipated—tha
this personage was no other titan the disguised gentleman in green
spectacks ; nor was it long before I learned, from his own lips,
that I then actually stood in the presence of the great Captain Rock.
What towed between the Vaptain and me at that interview, 1
do not feel myself, as yet, at liberty to reveal. I eon wily Ewe
that it was in the course of that short meeting, luprieseted
with the manuscript which I have now the honour Outbuilding HI
the public—requesting of me, as a favour, that I would read it at.

' teutively over, befote I threw away tir.y further labour or thought
I upon the mission which I had undertaken.
I lost no time, as may easily be supposed, in complying with
the Captain's wish. That very night, before I slept, I carefully
perused the whole of his manuscript; and so strong was the int-
pressiun it left upon my mind, that it in the rulers, tot the people
of Ireland, who require to be instructed and converted, that I or-
dered horses early the next morning—returned with all possible
dempstrit to my constituents—called instantly a full meeting of the
ladies cf the society., and proposed that a new mission should forth-
with be instituted, for the express purpose of enlightening certain
dignitaries both of church and slam, who are, in everything that
relates to Ireland, involved in the most destitute darkness.
The style is attractive and lively, but it conveys moat
impressive and interesting truths. The Government of
Ireland is riot, nor ever has been, administered on the
principles of impartial protection: it never has, aid, while
so perverted, it neva will, beget either attachment to the
Sovereign or allegiance to the State. It is a Government
maintained, at an enormous expense to this country, to
support a ruling fiteletin, who care not what injustice they
inflict, or what resistance they excite, so long as they can
obtain an aemed.fipree strong enough to enable them to
maintain their monopoly if patroitugc, and set resentment
at donance.

Iniheiollowing passage there is an admirable mixture
of humour and sarcasm :

With respect to the moral character of my ancestors in the times
of 01lam Fodlah and Brian Borornhe, there is no doubt that,
however suppressed or modified, it must have been pretty much
the same that it is at present. The Groat Frederick used to say,
that while the French tight for glory, the Spaniards for religion,
and the En lish for liberty, the Irish are the only people in the
world
who htihr As; and, however true this may be of my
countrymen in geneial, there is no doubt of its perfect correctness
as applien to the Rock family in particular. Iliseotd is, indeed,
our natural element; like that stortn-loving animal, the seal, we
are coinfiwtable only in a tempest; and the object of the following
historical and biographical sketch is to show how kindly the Eng.
lish Government has at all dam consulted our taste in this pant.
cular--rninistering to our Idft of riot through every successive
reign, front the invasion of Henry 11. down to the present day, so
as to leave scarcely an interval, during the whole sir hundred years,
in which the Captain Hoek for the time might not exclaim—
" Quit regio in terris nosti non plena laboris?"
or, as it has been translated by one of my family—
Through Leinster, Lister, Connaught, itlunster,
Rock's the boy to make the fun stir-I
The writer intimates, with great truth, that it has been
the usual policy of conquerors and colonsts to blend them-
selves as much as possible with the people among whom
they establish themselves--to erect their new govermnent,
not on the narrow foundation of party systems, but on a
basis so wide and comprehensive, as to embrace ti,e inte-
rests of the whole, and so to consolidate those interests as
to make submission a willing duty.
Had our English conquerors adopted this ordinary policy, the
respectable family of the Backs might never have been heard of ; a
few dozen rebellions would have been lost to the page of history ;
and Archbishop Magee would not, perhaps, at this moment, have
been throwing six millions of people into convulsions with an
antithesis.

The ascendancy of the Oaswc c. faction has always been
attended by warfare and dissension, and for the plainest
of el reasons, because they have always alienated the mass
of the Irish people from the Government, by withholding
from them the benefits of the Constitution. By the pre-enn-
nence of power they have put down the cove' eighty of jus-
tice. Ireland has paid the highest price for the mainte-
nance of liberty, and received nothing in return but oppres-
sion and misrule.

We cannot abstain from quoting the conclusion of the
second chapter :
I had almost forgot to mention,—though of the utmost import-
ance in a history of our family,—that to the occupation of Ireland
by the English we are supplied to be in a great degree indebted
for the first regular introduction of the blessed system of tithes.
Among the bribes, by which the prelates of Ireland were induced
to yield obedience to die bull of Adrian, and surrender the
sovereignty of their country to henry 11., was that article of
reformation (as It Was called), passed by the synod of Cashel,
which enjoined the payment of tithes I/ the laity, .a mode of tax-
ation till then. it seems, hardly known in Ireland. Mr. O'Bal-
loran, i: is true, asserts the contrary : and even represents the
ancient Irish to have been such exemplary tithe payers, that they
not only coutvibuted a teeth of their corn and cattle to the church,
but threw every tenth child*, as a make-weight, into the bargain,—
a smelts of stualt-tlibe, by the bye, whieh in the present anstfiid
the population of Ireland, and the ensemdtre wealth of the Irish
church, it might not be unadvisable to restore to the parson.
Mr. O'Halloran, however, is not always to be depended upon;
and, in addition to other 4dence, we have lately had the es-
pressed opinion of a Latasa'bod Right Reverend Roman Catholic
Prelate, that the payment of tithes, as a regular and compulsory
due, may be dated from the period to whit'!" I have referred it.
Honour and praise then to the Synod of Cashel, for having
planted among us this additional apple of discoid, which, unlike
the apples of Mr. Andrew Knight, iiss neither changed in elm.
meter, nor degenerated in layout ; but, by the aids of the Orange,
and other wholesome fruits, still blooms in the garden of the
Rocks with undiminished strength and fertility! All hail, too,
most ancient and venerable tithes, by whatever name ye delight to
be called, medial, mixed, or persooal nmy
_ye flourish,
with yam attendant bteethigs of ',stoat**, itMe-rannere, and '
Bishops' Courts, to the infinite recreation of the Rock family, to
the honour and glory of persons Monk, Morgan, dm, and to the
maintenance for ever of the Church Alilitant, as by law (and con-
stables) established in Ireland !
We shall presently resume these Memoirs, which our
want of space, not our inclination, induces us to postpone.
• Among the pastoral customs of those happy times, they used
(says Ihr. Milner) to baptize their children in butter-milk.
