Eire Skitisift tiresso.

ENGLISH OPERA HOUSE.
This Evening, FRIDAY, September 8. will be presented the new
Grand Serlo•Comic Opera of
THE ORACLE; or, THE INTERRCPrED SACRIFICE.
Characten by Yuen. J. /Mind. Perkins. J. 0. Atkin•, H.
Seplo, and Thorne; 11Ie e, Paton. Hamilton, and Goward.
After which the Melo-Drama of
THE LAST GUERILLA.
The Principal Characters by limn. Pearnian, Thorne, Bennett, and
Archer. Mimes Goward, Hamilton. and Gray.

The Barris Psass commenced publishing yesterday
rnoralng at live &clock.

LONDON, FRIDAY, SEPTLIIIICR 8, 1846.

We have rewired Brussels Papers to the Gth inst. The
following are a few extracts:—

BRUSSELS, SE►T. 2.

Two Greek Primates, Christodulo Ecloridi, aged 60, and Khasi
Petraki Eitheriois, aged 40, have just arrived at Brussels, fugitives
trim their country, where they saw their families proscribed, their
property confiscated, their wives and families carried into slavery,
and themselves escaped capital punishment only through the inter-
vention of the French Consul. These two Primates, when in their
own country, made the most noble use of a large fortune. Euro-
pean travellers were treated by them with the most generous hospi-
tality. They are now visiting the principal cities, in order to col-
lect donations with which they may be able to redeem from the
Ottoman cupidity the only beings who can sulfa the horrors of an
Bails, the duration of which it is impossible to foresee.

We believe the mention of these facts is suth:tent to excite the
►indness of our countrymen in favour of these ter,. exiles. They
edge in the liotel d'Anglcterre; the papers given by the Consols
co: the principal European nations, which they have in their pos-
session, will prove to the friends of the Greeks in Belgium that
timer are few better opportunities to exercise their humanity.

SEPTEMBER 3.

Tlie Court of Assize at Ghent is at present engaged in a cause of
the biglest irnportanze. Four officers of the Oc.n,i "of thst city,
w.. 0 were stationed at the g.t'e of S. Lieven. are accused of for-
gery and bribery : a miller and his wife are accused as acct.'s).
:es.

The forgeries relate to t'ckets delis:Ted by the Exciie.office for
dour, on flour, which they had falsifi_d in dill...rent ways, for the
purpose of fraud. The points of accusation are vay numerous and
coniplicated : it is expected that 111. Cuninck, the Kiag s attorney,
w.ll propose about 300_quecians : the proceeding, will occupy at
:act 13

SEPTEMBER 4.

A !et'er from Luxemburg, of lit September, says, "A report
is generally spread here that positive news (some say offi,ial) has
arrived from the Have, that the Government has resolved to esta-
blish &provincial court of justice at Luxemburg."
A French officer whom an unfortunate affair has obliged to take
rest ge among us has been informed against, as we are assured by
• person in whom he had confided. This unfortunate man was
immediately arrested, and it is feared that orders will come to
delver him up. We hasten to add that the informer is not a
native of Luxemburg or of Belgium ; and r.s soon as the affair
was known, a collection was made fur the officer, who is in great
distms. Agr at num er of the citizens, and of the Prussian
officers of the garrison, joined in this act of beneficence. Gen.
Muffling is now here.

His highness Prince ficherbaleff arrived here yesterday.
SEPTEMBER 5.
An Austrian Cabinet 31esser.ger passed through here yesterday,
on his way to London, with despatches.
The passage of foreign diplomatic characters through Berlin is
very frequent. There are Ambassadors, Generals, &c. crossing
each other in all directions. A Spanish Courier passed through
that city on the 29th of August, on his way from 3lstlnd to
Moscow, with despatches.
The Gazelle of Florence, of 21th August, states, that the Sul-
tan was to publish a finnan, forbidding all the Rajas to dress
in the European fashion, till the costumes which the Greeks are
to wear in future shall be made known.

The Police of Ilamburgh has b:en obliged to prevent the pro-
pagation of the doctrines of a mystical society which has lately
establlshed itself in that city.

FRASCFORT, SE►T. I.

The Greek Prinee Cantreuzeno has been settled for a long lime
at Dresden ; his brother has just arrived there with hilt lankily,
w.th the intention of taking up his abode there.

The Qeees Dowager of Wirtumberg arrived here this even-
ing. under the title of Countess of Groningen.
Prime Rashid, Prussian Minister at the Court of Austria,
and the Count de Case, French Plenipotentiary to the Court of
fleecier, arrived here yesterday with their families.

• TbeOctroi is the duty on various articles brought into a city,
which is levied at Ghat.

The accounts received yesterday from Lisbon show that
there is still a party (as there must be in all cases of politi-
cal change) who are not satisfied with the line of conduct
which Don PEDRO has pursued in settling the affairs of
Portugal. and who object to the alterations which have
been made in the form of government under which they
had for some time lived. It would be an extraordinary

c.rciamstance--it would be a fact unparalleled in the his-
tory of nations—if any change in the political state of a
T ation, even from bad to good, did not raise up opposition
1-om some person*, who either are really injured by such
aaerations, or fancy themselves to be so. Some person
always gains by abuses; and it is not likely that one who
111$ gained by an old system, who considers the benefits
or that system as his by prescription, who regards the in-
fringement of his privileges as a robbery committed on his
ri%ate property, will acquiesce silently and unresistingly
in a change which, though it benefits all the world but
himself, is but the more irksome to him that others do not
snare in his chagrin. Some such feelings as these influence
certain persons on all occasions where any alteration is made
in an established system. It does not appear that the in-
struments of the plot of which we have received the official
accounts were men of any weight in the State. The instiga-
tors were no doubt very different persons from the ostensible
agents of the conspiracy; and it is to be feared that there
in most parts of Europe, a concealed party which interests
itself much more than it has any right to do, and much
more than is generally imagined on this side of the Chan-
in the various political events which have taken plaoe
for a considerable time in Europe. Their agents, on the
present occasion, were the cavalry employed in the police
ii,.partment, formed from the refuse of the different regular
regiments, in a manner not the most judicious. These
entry cared little, in all probability, about a King or a

Regent. Their object was to gain the reward which their
instigators offered ; and they would just u willingly hays
conspired, in the late KING'S reign, in favour of a Coned-
tution, as they have now done against it. The Portuguese
Government seems to act with great energy and prudence,
and the whole plan has been Discovered and baffled. There
can be no doubt that all future attempts of the same kind
in Portugal will meet with melody the same fate.

We have received a letter, which eve insert this day, from
Mr. JOHN WI s, jun. The composition speaks for itself.
Mr. JOHN WiLss, jun. is philosophical in his re-
flections, stately and dignified in his linguage, stern in his
invective, and tremendous in his menaces. If we had
known what Mr. Jolts Wtuts, jun. was, we should not
have dared to name the name of Mr. JOHN WILK. ;
far less should we have dared to insert " such absurd and
erroneous, or such vilifying and libellous reports, state-
ments, and mis-statements," respecting the said Mr. Jolts
Wit.xs, jun. We are not sorry to hear that this gentle-
man, according to his own account, " still enjoys the con-
fidence of his friends, the affection of all whose friendship
he desires, and, above all, that peace of mind resulting
from an honest conviction of having acted with rectitude
and honour, as a man and a gentleman." Ile assures us
that he always acted, in his transactions with the Joint-
Stock Companies, " like the most honourable of men ;" and
this " most honourable of men" farther saith, that " he
will not commence one or two, but many prosecutions, as
well against the authors as against the promulgators of
those inventions, both of fact and of deduction, which
have been of late so current." This most honourable of
men declares, also, that he is about to bring the
press of this country to reason. He is eloquent in de-
fending his sale of the Cornish mines—and who ttn
doubt (to adopt .l r. WI s's system of interrogation)—who
can entertain a doubt about the honour of such a man?
Sure he must be an honourable man—so must they all
—all honourable men. He " states distinctly, that not
merely by civil actions, but by indictments and criminal
informations, he is now to proceed, calmly, but firmly, to
punish the vile slanderers, and he will be awed by no
Paper." Ile is to punish all slanders, " oral and written,
past and future." We beg to ask Mr. Jou NWI INS whe-
ther he means his first proceedings to be civil or criminal?
Something depends upon that, and we wish to be prepared.
In sober sadness, does Mr. WiLss hope to awe the
I'ress in this way ? If he does, he will find himself
extremely mistaken. A calm answer, or a modest silence,
would have done more to remove the prejudices of the
public, than a hundred tirades like that in our Paper of
this day. We wish that Mr. Wits' may clear his cha-
racter ; but really we do not see how that can be accom-
plished by his present measures.

CITY, THURSDAY EVENING.

The Money Market has exhibited but little energy in its
operations to-day. At the opening of Consols there was a
slight appearance of depression ; but it did not go beyond
an eighth, from which they iintnetliately rallied to their
opening price of 791, and so continued to the close of
business. The depressionists are getting outrageous at the
obstinate resistance which the market makes to any thing
like a retrograde movement, while their adversaries gladly
shelter th, mselvea under any of the various causes assigned
for the• Funds retaining their price. There is little doubt
that the quantity of money in the market, and the low rate
of interest on which it can be obtained on stock security,
operate considerably, while the general condition of the
country, as resulting from the present state of tranquillity,
cannot but have its full weight on all species of Govern-
ment security. _ _ .

The Foreign Market presents butlittle novelty. Mexican
have remained tolerably tranquil at .51;. It is stated on
very goad authority that a gentleman, of the name of
SHULL'S, has arrived in town from Vera Cruz, which he
left on the 29th June, and he states that shortly before he
left he witnessed the arrival of a convoy of treasure from
Mexico, consisting of 1,700,000 dollars, part of which
was for the service of the Government, and the remainder
for shipment to England, on account of the dividends.
The whole was carried on mules, and the eontructu, or
convoy, was necessarily upon a very large scale, and ex-
cited a considerable sensation at Vera Cruz. The alarm
respecting the Chilian Bonds has not altogether subsided ;
and though they have tallied a little, they are still two
per cent. below their usual quotation, being now at 36.
There has been a little done in Greek, which are at 12i.
Many persons are disposed to hope that the labours of the
Committee of Bondholders will have a good effect upon
these securities. They may, certainly, as regards exposing
the state of the affairs of the Loan ; Lut it is to be feared
the Greek cause can receive but little aid from their la-
bours, unless indeed they can recall the enormous sum of
one hundred and fifty-five thousand pounds sent to America
for the purpose of paying for two ships, but which ought
to have been sufficient for the purchase of four—as well as
of other sums lavished on individuals. If these various
amounts could be obtained by the Committee, then, indeed,
something might be expected from their operations, fa-
vourable to the cause whicn tney have so much at heart.
The Committee are proceeding very actively in the work
intrusted to them, and Mr. GALLOWAY has been before
them this afternoon on the subject of the machinery of the
steam-boats. Colombian and Spanish are stationary, and
Shares appear nearly defunct.

Despatches were received at the Foreign Office yesterday,
from the Right Honourable Sir Charles fagot, our Am-
bassador to the Netherlands; and from Lord Granville, our
Ambassador at Paris.

Extract from a letter of the Agent to Lloyd's, at Gibraltar,
dated 17th August:—" The Republican, Colombian pri-
vateer, is here, strictly watched by the Spanish squadron,
one of which is lying alongside her in this port at anchor,
the others are anchored in the Spanish waters. Iler tender
(a paraga) got out tlir eor four nights since, and, it is
said, carries only one gun and forty or fifty men."
By the French laws, if a family have no children, and
adopt the child of another, such adoption is regularly
registered by the Civil Authorities, and the child becomes
heir at law to the property of its new parents, and cannot
be disinherited by any subsequent caprice of the parties,
I who are bound to support it in a manner suitable to their
own rank in life.

We have learned that some of those agents in the west
country, who are the bane of the trade, not satisfied with
the reductions which have taken place in the prices of
weaving, are endeavouring to reduce them still farther,
having offered to a Glasgow house, in the silk line, to get
cyprusses done at a cheaper rate than they are woven for
at present. Are these individuals really so short-sighted
as to suppose that one web more will be sent to them in
consequence of this offer ? If they entertain any notion of
this kind we will inform them, that in the present state of
the trade, the weavers here must work them at any prices ;
though our manufacturers, much to their honour, have re-
sisted the shameful reductions, which some of the Glasgow
houses in the silk trade have resorted to. If there is to be
no end to this system, even after it is acknowledged that
the operatives have been reduced to the starving point, then
it is high time they should reconcile themselves to .Jr.
Owen's, or any other plan which holds out the prospect of
relief, and promises to make them participators in the
benefits resulting from their own ingenuity and industry.—
Paisley Advertiser.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

••••••••••••-••
•""
, • N
,: • • CAS
.„5,-
41 AL rELL3 •
-

MOVEMENTS.
The Dowager Marchioness of Exeter arrived yesterday at her seat
at Reeliamptnn, from Baroness De Erraby's scat, Orimstliorge
Castle, Lincolnshire.
The Duke ortft. Albans arrived yesterday at his house in St.
James's-square, from Sir John Dashwood King, Bart.'s scat,
West Wycombe, Bucks.
The Countess of Guildford and the Ladies North arrived yester-
day at their house in Piccadilly, from taAlt-hill.
Lord and Lady Holland have left town, fur Cashiobury Park,
Essex, on a visit to the Earl of Essex.
MM. Coutts arrived ye,terday at her house in Stratton-street,
Piccadilly, from Salt.hill.
The Earl of Epernont has arrived at his seat, Petworth, Sussex,
from Brighton.
The Marquis of Camden left his scat, yesterday, the Wilderness,
Kent, for Bayham Abbey.
Sir George and Lady Cockburn, and family have arrived at
Brighton, from their seat In Wales.
Lord Folkestone has arrived at his father's (the Earl of Radnor)
seat, Longford Castle, Wilts, from a tour.
The Hon. William Burrell left town yesterday, for Dover.
Mr. and lad Stewart left the Marquis of Camden's seat, yes.
today, the W Kent, for Ilsrham Abbey.
Mr. and Mrs. (}smock have arrived at the British Hotel, Jer.
nun-street, front Scotland ; Mr. and Mrs. Milner have left ditto,
for Cheltenham. . .

--111;;;;r111; Ward have arrived at the Burlington Hotel, Old
Burlington and Cork streets, from the Continent ; Lord Brandon
has left ditto, on a tour.
William Hort, Esq. arrived yeaterdly at the Royal Hotel, St.
James's-at:set, from Leeds ; J. Duren, Esq. left ditto, for
Brighton.

We understand that the troops in Canterbury have re-
ceived orders to hold themselves in readiness to escort his
Msjesty to Kingsgate, whither he is going for the benefit
of his health. Sad news this for the Brightonians
Kentish Chronicle. _ _ _

The Duke of York transacted business yesterday with
Sir Henry Torrent, Adjutant-General, Sir ‘Villongliby
Gordon, Quarter-Muter General, and with Sir Herbert
Taylor, hie Military Secretary. The usual Medical At-
tendants visited his Royal Highness. The unfavourable
state of the weather has prevented the Royal Duke from
taking his accustomed daily airing.
Prince Esterhazy, the Austrian Ambassador, transacted
business yesterday afternoon with Mr. Secretary Canning,
at his office in Downing-street. The Secretary of Legation
to the Portuguese Embassy also transacted business at the
Foreign Office yesterday.
The Earl of Guildford and Sir Francis Burton transacted
business yesterday at the Colonial Office with Mr. Wilmot
Horton, Under Secretary of State for the Colonial Depart-
ment. _

Mr. Rufus King, the late American Minister, was the
first Minister to this country after the acknowledgment of
the independence of the United States by our Government.
He remained but a short time in England on his second
mission, returning soon after to the United States, leaving
his son as the Charge d'Affaires till the arrival of Mr.
Galittin. Mr. King, sen. is far advanced in years.
Mr. Wilmot Horton arrived in town on Wednesday from
Newmarket.

On Wednesday the Duke of Wellington was seen, quite
well, walking with an umbrella up St. James's-park. His
Grace marched with a firm step ; and though be does not
look so young as he did 20 years since, yet he looks hale
enough to fight a battle or two, should his services he want-
ing. His Grace, like a wise man, accustoms himself a
good deal to walking. Walking is the greatest enemy
the gout has. If some of the Royal Family were to walit
more than they do, and use their carriages less, they would
not be so afflicted. Walking would do more for them than
Sir Henry Halton], and all the rest of the fraternity put
together.—Morning Paper.
A few months since several of the inhabitants of Ken-
sington-gore, Knightsbridge, and Brompton, signed a me-
morial to his Majesty, soliciting the privilege of a gate for
foot passengers into Hyde Park, there being no accommo-
dation of the sort between Hyde Park Corner and Ken-
sington, except through the Horse Barracks at Knights-
bridge, which is on sufferance, and is both dangerous from
restive horses, and little conducive to the morals of fe-
males intrusted with children. The memorial was pre-
sented by Lord Morley to Mr. Peel, and submitted by the
Right Honourable Secretary to his Majesty, who was gra-
ciously pleased to accede to the prayer of the petitioners,
and ostlers were forthwith given for its erection; it is
now in progress, and no doubt in a few days will be open;
it is situated opposite Lord Listowel's.
At the Meeting of the Gentlemen of the County
of Renfrew, held to devise proper measures to alle-
viate the distress which prevails in the county, "his Ma-
jesty's Opposition" struggled hard to get politics introduced,
and the blame thrown upon his Majesty's Ministers,
in which, had they succeeded, the censures would really
have been passed upon themselves, because his Majesty's
Ministers have only been doing those things (and which
have brought the country to its present state) for which his
Majesty's Opposition every where have been lauding them
to the skies, till even the laudators have become sick of the
subject. As Mr. Maxwell very properly stated, " Why
blame them," when they have only been following the
voice of the country? Ministers, we admit, have been doing
this. They have followed where they should haveguided,
and when they should have led ; and so far and no farther
are they blameable, though they are responsible. Mr.
Wallace brought forward the old hackneyed subjects,
war and taxation, and the depreciation of the cur-
rency. Now, unfortunately for this gentleman's state-
ments, a Bank of England One Pound Note will at this
moment, in Nantes and other parts of France, buy 20s. 9.1.
in the best gold and silver, and the continued flow of the
precious metals from the Continent into this country shows
our currency to be stable, and at a premium instead of be-
ing unsettled and depreciated. With regard to war and
taxation, the former cannot be carried on without the lat-
ter, and the events of the last thirty years are deeply writ-
ten in the records and on the memory of Europe, and show
that the war could not be avoided. That great Statesman
(Mr. Fox), to whom Mr. Wallace alludes, when Secretary
for the Foreign Department, had settled that point, when,
in his correspondence with Continental Powers, he asserted
that it was impossible to make peace with the French
Government. Consequently, as peace could not be
made, the war must have been as unavoidable and ne-
cessary as its termination was most honourable and
most glorious. The real causes of the distress of the
country were scarcely even glanced at by any one at this
meeting. Mr. Wallace, in particular, as ship and colo-
nial proprietor, might, we think, have told it, and from
personal knowledge of the results, with some effect. The
counties of Renfrew, Bute, Argyle, Ayr, Dumbarton, and
Lanark, may rest assured that the depression of the trade
of the Clyde with our North American Colonies and with
our West India Colonies is a much more serious evil to the
interest and prosperity of these counties, in particular, than
the loss of every market in South America. Yet, this
trade has not only been most deeply injured, but the very
foundations of it have been undermined and almost en-
tirely struck away by the measures of Government, so
much lauded by his Majesty's Opposition. These, and
such things as these, where they have not directly produced
the stagnation of business in this country, and the distress
necessarily resulting from this stagnation, have tended
greatly to aggravate it, and for this the country is moat un-
questionably more to blame than his Majesty's Ministers.—
Glasgow Courier.
The festivities of Bartholomew fair closed on Wednes-
day night. The efforts made by the " City authorities"
to do away altogether with this annual spectacle have been
more successful this year than they have hitherto been.—
The prices of.the ground on which the booths were to have
been formed have been so excessively high; that few of the
public showmen could afford the expense; and those who
did venture on the undertaking have been considerable
losers. Hence the absence of Gyngell, Saunders, and
other prominent caterers of this description of amusement.
The weather also has been materially against the receipts.
On Tuesday, Richard Blanchard, and two other boys,
were convicted of pulling up beans, growing in a field in
the township of Ferrihy, in this county, the property of
John Kidd, farmer, and fined 40s. each. In default of
payment, they were committed to the House of Correction,
to hard labour, for one mouth.—Hall Packet.
