The Eir.st.Clismher allot. Stater Genets!, to its
,siLiasks,of tie* Alba took into cosside,e-
film the laws respecting. the ettifthte.tid salt aged
meal. They were both pn.sed, by a very great
majority : the first by 24 yore to 2, the ...;erotttl by
22 to 4. This decistoti completely refutes all
delusi%e argornrots and exclamations of those who
stietnpted to represent these two IHws es wicked
and ►uinous to the nation. Thus sound reuse and
truth triumphs to the end.

BERLIN, JULY 30.

The students who have been proceeded aglanst
on account of being concerned in !evolutionary in.
trigues, and in the Society of the Arminia, are now,
with the'exception of two, to be puui•hed by his
Majesty's order only, by three mouths confioement
in a fortress. These young men, who have in fact
been misled by whets, were well pleased at so initd
a chastisement, and left this City in good enirite
wider the escort of a Police Officer. His Nlajtsty
left them the elio:cr between the fortresses of Glatt,
Msgtleburg, and Dantzig. Some of them chose
Glos. 11916111 Deitzig„ but none Magdeburg.
With respect to the two mentioned above as
having been excepted, the investigation Mtn
their conduct it continued. The foreign students
who belong to this: Slciety, and have been brought
to Berlin merely that they might confess in person
their participation in it, will likewise have but a
blight chastisement. It has been signified to the
students on their departure, that it will entirely de-
pend on their conduct after they have resumed their
studies whether they shall be employed in the ser-
vice of the State or not.

GERMAN PAPERS.

NUIEDIDERG, AUGUST 7.

His Imperial Highness the Grand Duke Michael
of Raisin arrived here the day before yesterday
with his suite, and after snaking a short stay, pro-
ceeded on his way to Stutgord.
Two officers in Hesse Darmotatlt were lately ar-
rested in the night, on information that th, v la-
tended to fight a duel the following dap. They
have since heels released from their arrest, but
threatened that if they persist in their intention,
they shall be cashiered and confined in the state
prison at Hadenhausen. The origin of the dispute
w,a the following :—There was to he a ball oft
New Year's Eve at DarmstAt, which is usually
attended by civil officers in the service of the Go-
vernment. The military authorities, it seems, hail
resolved that the corps of officers should observe a
certain etiquette in their dress, hut learning that no
such rules had been prescribed to the civil officers,
it was determined that the military should not ap-
pear at the ball. One officer, and only one, went ;
his comrades considering this as a disrespect for the
esprit du corps, and a tacit censure of the common
opinion, words arose which led to the intended
duel.—(ll/uressberg Correspondent, August 7.)

TRIESTE. JULY 26.

We have received news from Smyrna to the 6th
July, by way of Lepanto. Destruction has bt
length Weir on the Mastic villages in Scio. The
Turks have fallen on them, and have cut to pieces.
drowned, burnt, or carried into slavery, 30,000
men, women, and children. On the 3th of July,
780 virgins, from 13 to 17 years of age, were
brought by the Asiatics to T►chesme, and conduct-
ed bound with cords to the slave markets--some to
Smyrna, some to the interior of Asia. An eye wit-
ness affirm., that they were the flower of the virgins
of Selo, and that great numbers perished on the
way with hunger and miery. Some Christian boys,
of seven years of age awl under, were spared to be
educated in the Ilahometan religion.
There are great rejoicings in all the islands of
the Archipelago on account of the distorter of the
Turkish fl ee lige/nine Zeit ang, et tr ;fart 5./
An article from Odessa, in our (the Frankfort)
Journal of yesterday, relates the above particulars
in nearly the same words. " The barbarians," it.
says, " wheu they saw the fleet burning, hastened
in the first excess of rage to the Mastic villages,
and murdered nearly 9.0,000 Christians, who, it is
well known, had before given up their arm* at 0K
persuasion of the Elm:peen Consuls."
The Oriental Spectator of Smyrna, in relating
the circumstance, says-4' The Turks, to the num-
ber of 20,000 (having been dissuaded from their
first purpose, to storm the residence.% of the Con-
trols and murder the Lire, k•), went itito the country
and attacked the Mastic villages, the i;thalwants
which they massacred or seized as slaves."—(l•'raak.
fort Papers, August 9.)

08E834, JULY 18.

The rigour which the Sultan, iu restoring trams
quillity to Constantinople, has 'hewn towards the
Janissaries, rnuy one day be attended with dangerous
consequences to himself, especially as, by the de.
tested Hulett Effendi, Lord Strangfoas influence
has again increased. %Ve hese always affirmed that
the Sultan must meet the present crisis alone, must
blend his cause with that of his people, and carry
it through without foreign influence. If he at-
tempts to eff, et the lung-projected reform of the
Janissaries, the consequences may be very serious
when they bate recovertti from their first panic.
