, I them back term the world, withont enabling
thiaen to live in that situation to which their merit en-
,:th.,. if rut or which their children expel. These are
~ri" plei which have their foundation in sound
„` ;In and not depending solely upon the feelings
.0{ the moment. I trust, that the Government will
ah,„Ts ata with fidelity towards those who have
Tendered eminent services to their country, and. that
thst fidelity will be met by liberality on the part of
the people, and that they will uniformly act from a
ceaviaion that thZy have one interest, and one cre-
dit to maintain. On these grounds, I shall support
eie Amendment which has been proposed by the
Noble Lord."
Lord HENRY PE'r TY. in explanation, said,
that his Honourable Friend had inadvertently tnis-
coeceiveii some part of what he had stated uon
pro-
this subjeß. With regard to the comparative
pria granting Pensions, iii place of making
Sinecure Offices, he only wished to say, th tt if he
sieve felt to choose an alternative in rewarding pub-
!o. services, Pensions were undoubtedly preferable.
!lit, however, WAS merely a speculative opinion,
,ie was not called upon to determine wi•ft ex-
, t• 64 upon the suhjea. Since he was up, he wished
.old t 3 the Amendment he hod made," That the
o :nmittee should also extend their riquiiies to
Ir 14nd."
Mr. FAWKES—di Sir, I should have been cnn•
t oted with giving a silent vote upon this occasion,
.cote I not hopeful that I shall meet with the inJul-
rote of the House in hearing a few observations, by
way of stating my sentiments, for the first tirne, in
this place. Notwithstanding all the numerous btu,-
dens which it has been found necessary to impose
upon the people, to pre,eive its from slavery, I feel
s disked that we are fully in possesion of resout CCi.
which, when ptopetly managed, will not only he
sefficient to enable us to cope with our adversary,
but even to carry us through our contest with
trinmph. I am, however, at the same time, con-
yince4, that this can only be attained by certain con-
ditions being observed, viz. by the anxiety sheen
by Ministers to convince the people that they deeply
feel for their situntion, and that no eff iris shall be
wanting on their part to remedy evilo and alleviate
their butdens. When I consider the state of the
finances, and the weight of these public but der a, and
t when the Government have told the people that
they must ithiiii;:,ve their comforts and even Sl-
crific.. .their9ives to defence of the-Constitutinn, I
should not think that I fulfilled the hope; and ex-
peßarions of those who have sent me here, were I
to b- silent upon this occasion. I must say, that
wherever gallantry has been displayed, or exrranr-
dinary diligence and exertions used by inilividuals,
for the publ:c good, nobody can be less disposed t.i
quarrel with national liberality than I am ; but, et
the same time, I think, that in times like tl.ese, it is
neither fair nor just that the produce of the labours
of the peoyle should be bestowed upon th ise who
have no claim to public generosity. The people
of this country ate, in general, either insensible of
t;ie blessings they enjoy, or of the evils which they
have to avert ; and thet dare, I think, they demand
a.; that the Ministers can do for them. They de-
m ind indemnity for the past, and security for the
future. They expel no itich national economy, as
that which would tend to trammel the exert:oils of
Government; but they look to that liberalOy which
would coatribute to the advancement of our national
prosperity. I agree entirely with those motives
which have aßitated the lion. Grntleman in bring-
ing forward this motion, and I rejoice to find, that
Ministers have received it in the way they have
done. I prognosticate from this, that they have
given a pledge for their future concs.% and that
they now intend to show to the people, that what
they preach, they intend to perform."
Mr. ELLISTON said, he thought this was an
ominous night for the country, whether there were
abuses aflually existing or not. •
Mr. BIDDULPH, in reply, said, that he found
that the substantial difference WAS so small, that he
should not press his origin it motion, but acquiesce in
the amendment proposed. It was with sincere saris.
fatlion that he had heard the liberahsentimetus of the
present Ministers, and he sincerely hoped thot their
intentions, and his wishes, would be fulfilled. Ile
thought that many sinecures might be retrenched,
as they generally arose out of circumstances un•
foreseen at the time of their creation. There was a
great difference between patents and hereditary
offices. Patents might be granted by a Minister,
who may lose his head for granting them.
Mr. CALVERT observed, that the only differ-
ence of opinion seemed to be as to the mode in which
soviets engin to he remunerated. Remunerations,
adapted immediately to the services performed, were
preferable to granting sinecures, which are mort-
gaged. His Majesty's Ministers were now about to
do a great good to tbe people, but he could not help
thinking, that they ought particularly to endeavour
-to abolish sinecure places, which, upon looking back,
we should find, had Leen frequently abused, lay
being bestowed upon undeserving people.
The Amendment of Lord Henry Petty was then
put and cat' ice! unanimously.
On the motion of Mr. BAKER, it was ordered
that the Committee have power to send for papers
and records, as evidence before them, that five
he a georian, and that they shall sit, notwithstand-
gig any adjournment of the Honor.
On the motion of Lord HENRY PET I'Y, it
I 5e
;t
ordered, that the Repot ts of the Commissioners
o. Accounts, and the Commissioners of Inquiry and
eissance, should be referred to the said tom-
. a tatteeei
SLAVE TRADF. ABOLITION BILL.

A Message was sent to the House by the House
of Lords, announcing that their Lordships had pass-
ed a Bill, entitled, " An Alt for the Abolition of
the African SL,ve Trade." and to which they de-
sired the concurrence of the House.—The Bill was
laid upon the table.
Lord HOWICK rose and moved, "That this
Bill be read a first tinier upon which
' Mr. 1115111i:1a rose, and said, that he wishod to
make a few observations upon the map& of this
Ettt:—Tt n•as a Bill which went to introduce a ma-
terial innovation, and entirely to remove those
iti:ms, upon which our prosperity, as a nations
as well as the prospcity of o•tr colonies, bad Leen
seised. What had pasy.d in anotivr House, or in
ottrar Pu:li.unents; JiJ not prevent Members fram
stating seritimems urn this imPartilnt nah-
I Ii- should fasl it his duty to oppose the mcas
