on at the renewal of 11;ii, pledge to the country,
the trade would be abolished, and his belief in
:oncurrence of the other House of Parliament in

the , ropositiou
My. CANNING • said, he thought it impossible
for the ingeuuity of man to devise A form of wet
coat ioutog to the repeal of the Slave Trade that
he should not concur in ; he lamented, however,

that the house had not the subject more fully before
them, and at some length censured His Majesty's
Ministers for not bringing it more tangibly a .1
efficiently forward, during the vacant interval that
presented itself between the recees and the time that
the Right Hon. Secretary (Mr. Windham) brought
brward his military plan.
Mr. MANNING thought the debate on the
present occasion might as well have been spared,
as tending merely to give alarm to those concerned
in West India Property, and being, in faft, no-
thing more than a repetition ef the resolution of
the House in the year 1799. Every man connetied
with the Colonies had an undoubted right to the
protection ot Parliament. This was a bona fide
British trade, acknowledged in the Public Statutes
so long ago as the time of Qeecn Elizabeth, and it
was the duty of that House to afford a remunera-

Coo to those who might be injured by its prohibition.
The situation of St. Domingo could not but be
in the contemplation of gentlemen, and he exhorted
them luny to weigh all the consequences of the
measure proposeij. Without conciliating the plant•
ers, he was sure the Hattse would never effect their
object ; and he earnestly entreated them, before
the next Session, to turn their attention to the claims

of the proprietors, who would be affected by it.
Mr. WILLIAM SMITH said, he hoped, after
that night, the House would hear no more of the
silly confusion of abolition of the trade, and eman-
cipation of the Negroes, as the latter had been as con-
stantly sbnied by, as attributed to, the supporters of
the for mer. lie thought the character of the West-
India Planters, who had refused the suggestion of
Government to make the killing of Negroes murder,
hardly entitled them to the consideration Gentle.
men sarmed to think they ought to have. He
thought it was only by attention to the morals
of the N..orries that their d,crease in the colonies
could b. prevented. By Memorials horn two
clergy men at Dominica, it appeared, that not
only no registers of deaths and births were kept in
that island, but marriages were never pradised
there at all amnrgst the slaves. As long as the
trade continued, he thing/et the avocation of those
employed in it could not b- distinguished by other
epithets oian those of rapine, bloodshed, and
murder. Mr b, yar.t Edwards had declared, in the
face of the whole island of Jamaica, that to dis-
tinguish it by another name was a mere mockery,
and all travellers had afforded tine uniform ge-
neral evide :ett to the same end. The Ho-
nourable Gentleman, in answer to the ob.
servations on the other side, observed, that the only
Lewis in E gland now ;pretested in this trade, were
London, emus', end Liverpool. Bristol had re-
Ilinqiitshed it, LOnton was nearly approaching to
the same, and he *tested ere long Liverpool would
follow so good an example, and that peeress en-
gage* in this trade of blond and rapine will soon
be shamed to show their facts in society. Amidst a
loud cry of gees' on ! question ! he concluded by
say;ag, he never could permit this measure to pass
without expressing hie sentiments upon it ; he there-
fore heartily concurred in the present motion.
Mr. W INDHAM thought, after the observations
which had been made in the course of the Debate,
it would be wholly unnecessary for him to go into
nay length upon the question. The Slave Trade
and slavery were justly characterised by the epithets
used ia the course of the night. He thought the
Abolition of the Slave Trade could not pass too soon.
Mr 1. OX made a most able and animated reply,
which, we regret, our limits will not permit us to
detail at length. It had been stated that he had
been lute-warm upon the present question ; but he
appealed to the House whether he had not zealously
and uniformly reprobated the slave trade. It had
beets said, that this might have been brought for-
ward at an earlier period, to this he partly pleaded
guilty ; but it was the opinion of those with whom
he had the honour to ad, that the Colonial Bill
should first pass and then they could bring forwad
this measure will more propriety. The house, he
considered, was pledged upon this subjed, and it was
twor their business to redeem that pledge; he confessed
he felt sanguine in the success of this measure, but
if it should fail, he trusted some other plan more
eligible would be adopted. The Abolition of the
Slave Trade would lead to the Abolition of Sla-
very altogether in the West Indies ; but he totally
differed with some Gentlemen, who thought the
former could not be done without the consent of
these bands, for if this was to be the case, no con-
sent whatever would he granted. With respell to
compensation when the claim was well made our,
let the abolition be enaded, and if then shewn that

any injury had be sustained, let that be remu-
nerated. But he could not agree to the general
principle that injury must be sustained, and com-
pensation must be granted. He heartily rejoiced
at the unanimity of the House, and declared he
would take the earliest opportunity possible at the
commencement of the next Sessions of Parlianrot„
for carrying the measure into complete execution.
The question being loudly called for, the House
divided, when there appeared—For Mr. Fox's 'to.
Lion 114—Against it 15—Majority
When the gallery was again opened for the ad-
missiou of strangers, we found Mr. Fox on his lees,
pr,posing, that a message should be sent to the
Flouse of Lords, by Lord Henry Petty, requesting
a co,:fereure with their Lordships, upon a subject of
jir rice and humanity. Which motion was carried
without a division.
Mr. WILBERFORCE then rose, pursuant to
notice, and baying prefaced his motion by a very
eloquent and feeling, but short speech, moved the
h Ouse That an humble Address be presented to
Iris Majesty, requesting that a negocialion should
be entered into with foreign Powers, tisat measures
might be adopted for the Abolition of the Slave
Trade. Assuring His Majesty, kc."
General GASCOYNE wished the word rtgala-
thes should be substituted for 44/itierr.

,r-tiio was diet) put, and carried in the

tl.cn dioppled

ie. I `A • !.
eilbs-4av were
•J Two crcLocg.
