THE BRITISH PRESS.

he soul • sly tell how many of those moshroom voters they would
bring up on smanortow and on Wednesday, as wells' he could tall
how many they had brought up on that day and on Saturday, he
might in that case be enabled to calculate more -nearly what
would be the result of the polling on those days. He should like to 1
know how many voles they Intended to bring forward similar
to those IS Totes which one gentleman had mode out of one estate,
all by one deed. or at leas: by deeds bearing the same date. (Cheers.
and aka d " Lord Thanet.") A good man there had called out
the name of Lard Thanet ; but he would tell him that Lind Thanet
bad not made alines vote of that description ; and more he would
say, the porsortwho had so called out the name of Lord Thanct
knew that to be the case as well as he did. (ewers.) The prowl's
name was Mr. Bolton. (Cries of " shame."o Ile should not
have mentioned his name, although he had no doubt but
that they all knew to whom lie alluded, bail not that person
called out the name of Lord Thanet. Hs had been inforierril ,
by his Mends who had been in the Assemor's Court, that
persons haul that day brought claims to 'amain the elec-
tion upon the one thirty-eighth part of a tenement belonging to
)Ir. Bolton, which hail been parcelled out to thirty-eight voters.
lie bad beard that Colonel Bolton, not satisfied with his thirty-
ieght VOICrS out of one tenement, had also resolved to make nine '
more, for another man had offered his vote, arising out of • ninth
part of another tenement. (Cheers.) He had received this intor-
;nation from friends of his who had been in the .tssessor'a Court—
for to hail not been there himself—but by theni he was assured,
that such tides as those lie bad mentioned ware adduced, to
enable Rome of the freehoklirs to vote, or, rather, to con-
st u e those as freeholders who were willing to vote. He
we • a'so informed that a Rev. Clergyman hail carried on a
traffic if the same tort, and, although his mushroom-bed did not
grow sr many as that of his friend Colonel Bolton, still it produced
a good cop for the size of it. let laugh.) What it could be that
could induce the Rev. Gentleman to cut up his property, or rather
to pant it with mushrooms, lie could not undeeetatid. (A person
in C'e crowd, "To oppose Popery.") Whether heitxpected to get
cay f the Liens and fishes to est with his ketchup he could not tell.
As to CuL Bolton he doeld guess at a reason foe his doing so 7 Col.
Hulot n and his self had the misfortune to differ very widely, and
most liPely always should do so, in their opinions on important
subjeeto. That gentleman's connections with t'.e Neat Indies
had had a great effect in warping his opinions, which otherwise
would have been 'sounder upon the great questions of African
Caves. arid the slave trade generally, to the abolition of which he
(51r. B.) had devoted a reit portion of his hfe. He believed that
but for those connections Col. Bolton's opinions would have been
more free and less warped than they were, and more in favour of
him in standing an a candiJato to represent the county of West.
morelaml, if his prejudices and his peculiar situation did not almost
compel him to contend and to tight against him. (Cheers.) He
; Mr. Brougham) might regret this ; in fact, he really did regret it;
he should have been much more happy at having his support than
a. being met aa he was by his opposition ; but he would rather
have to encounter his forty-seven mushroom voter', or seven times
that number, than abate one iota of that interminable hostility
a hick they (the Blues) and himself waged against negro slavery.
(Great cheering.) (A good deal of contusion was here created by
toe driver of a coach, who attempted to tam through the crowd,
wh'eli was as dense an possible, but, by the 'conned interz.rence of
tom' 3ltiyneux, who seized the bridle, and turned the horses
round, order was restored.) In like manner lie would rather, a hun-
d-ei times over, encounter the opposition of the Rev. Clergyman,
even if his bed of mushrooms were tenfold whit they were, than
at.oee one iota of the zeal and the conotaney with which he always
Loa defended, with which lie still defended, and always would
deem', the cause of civil and religious liberty, and of extending
equal rights to all classes of his fellow-subjects. (Cheers.) !le
had now concluded all the observations which he was minded to
make to them on that occasion, at the conclusion of nominally the
tourdo but what might really be called the third day's polling.
lie was obliged, however, before retiring, to state a eircuinstance
which he was under the imperious necessity of shortly and pithily
mertioning before he left the hustings. On Thursday, at the
nomination, he had listened with the greatest attention to the
speeches of both the other Candidates, and he had a pretty accurate
recollection of all that had been said by the Gallant Colonel, as
well as by his Noble bristlier. (There was here some noise among
the crowd before the busting*, upon which Mr. Brougham im-
pressively said," He is no friend of mine who interrupts me during
statetnent I am about tomake,witli whatever feeling or purpose he
ittay !le led to do so." All was immediately silent.) Ile felt confident
in his own mind that he had beard nothing, and he believed
last the Gallant Colonel had said nothing, which one gentleman
trooht not !Orly say of another. either in his presence or in his ab-
oerre, and he knew and felt that he hail heard nothing whatever
said which might not and ought not to be received by one gentle-
man at the hands of another. But there had arrived at Appleby
that day a London newspaper, called the Courier, in which there
W.. 3 an account purpotting to be a report of the proceedings on
Tbur•day, and prate ding to give an account of what the Colonel
boil said on that day. TA man in the crowd here vociferated " D—n
tie C'uvricr," upon which Mr. Brougham observed that be was
sure that person could not have heard what lie said a few minutes
previously.) Upon reading that report, lie felt it necessary to re-
lation his friend, Mr. Strickland, to wait upon the Colonel. for the
purpose of asking him if he hail used the words there imputed to
him; not that lie believed, for a moment, that the Gallant Colonel
lad used them, or any thing like them, hut still lie thought it
tocessary, after such a publication, to have the matter at once set
right. Mr. Strickland accordingly. waited upon Colonel Lowther,
*Om in a most correct and proper manner, denied that he ever
tried the offensive words imputed to hint in that, as he was now en-
titled to call it, most false report, which affected to make the Gallant
Colonel say that which he redly did not say. That which the
Colonel said that he did say was precisely the same as that which
i (Mr. Brougham) understood him to have said at the time, and
i.. which there was nothing offensive; aid he (Colonel Lowther;
added, that the rest was an addition of the newspaper. Ile thought
ti right to state ibis, because that publication bail been doubtless
got up by persons elsewhere (for no l•Vensuoreland man would be
topablo of such conduct), for the purpose of emoting mischief
by misrepresentation; the intention was manifest. Ile felt called
Now. to have the matter set right before the electors of Westmore.
bud, who had heard the Gallant Colonel's speech, and who could
bear wittiest to the gross unfairness of the labrication which that
piper contained.
Mr. WHAUTUN (hate Member for Beverly). here presented him.
sett to address the electors, but observing Colonel Lowther about
to no. o, immediately gave way.
(blond leowonen then observed, that in reply to what had be-n
said by Mr. Brougham, hr had only to say, that what he had said
upon the occasion in question was said in the presence of the 1100
Olember for %Vir.clielatia, and in the presence also of his friends,
and he could not he considered nostroable fur any observations
a hick aught be made elsewhere. (flag, hear, from Mr. Brougham.)
dr. lIIIOUGIIAM said that it would he dm grossest of all possible
int/Mt:as to consider any man answerable for that which other men,
to purposes of their own, might think proper to publish.
Mr. Irt'nottoos: then said that 31r. Brougham having alluded
to the misrepresentation which had been made of Colonel Lowther,
in which he was made to say that which he never did say, or intend
to say, he united to call their attention to a speech which the Co-
lonel did make, be: in which also he had been misrepresented, and
be (Colonel Loather) admitted in the most candid manner that he
had lot used the words imputed to him. In animadverting upon
the requisition of the freeholders to Mr. Brougham, the Colonel
had alluded to him (Mr. Wlouton) in a harsh and unnecessarily
oCensive way. This being represented to the Colonel, he most
handsomely and voluntarily admitted that lie meat,' nothing of.
fismatie, and that he bad used the words " lie went to Beverly, but
mere lie was kicked out," in the common electioneering acceptation,
coal expressed a hope that lie (Mr. Bliartoo) would think no more
of them. He did not believe that the ( oloncl was capable of stating
gong oil:coining &gentleman, and the explanation was highly
Itueouraide to him. As the elide had got into the newspaper', he
thought it only right to state duo that explanation was highly no
infactorito houselfand not less creditable to the Gal Lin Colonel.
Crearo
Mr. YSEOOII now attempted to Noah, but Mr. Brougham
hirited that there had been speaking enough for eh it day. He Mr.
'W.) don said that he wished to have addressed a few words to them,
hut he was willing to abstain, as hie friends seemed to think that
enough had been already Raid ; lie should therefore Nome his
breath for a future oppoi tunity. What he was abaft to my, how-
cow, was, that the Currier had misrepresented hi, speech us well
Rs the others, for they had made him say that which he did not
nay. fie had cot seen the Paper, but he bail not been a minute in
lawn when &gentleman read to him a part of his speech, as reported
fn that offensive publication. What he said was on represented as
its give the Gallant Colonel a fair opportunity of malting an answer
urbich he did not make, which delightful auswer they would agree
with him the Colonel could not have mode, because he h d or
said that to whieb it purported to be an answer. In imita ion, he
supposed, of the horses JC41,11111 poetry which he had introducid
into his speech, the rsport in the Costlier had a rootage which bore
the stamp of poetry, but whether it came from the distributor of
stamps heir the county, he could not tar. The whole was, how.
ever, a fabrication. Ile acquitted Culotte Lowther and such of his
friends as were gentlemen, of any paricipathn in die tranoicCort,
mid if he had hoods who were tali geotignien. it ass his minor.
1.11.0. The report ia qoestion sctual.y nude Giro do that which
it was of course vary likely that los oleousel do—it novo him throw
at, imputation upon his friend, l/eory Bwroohrint. The object of
the speech seemed to be, to girt as Coyote el a very tot answer
his (Mr. Wybergh'i) eptiolt.) for mods for the Comfier awl the
Reporters.
Tit
people then quietly disperud.

N.B. Mr. Wyberi,h fa somert's, p•vtigettarst itinliotwiali the
Reporter', it,. none Of the Mornitqg Popov.' .A.e.i4 have Lati u.. re:
port fp question before Monday, a. d to sair,..to 111144 in
3Lppleby before Wednesday morrotqc,

. -
The following is the state of the Poll in IC. beyond Welemo
vitt& I send you. as dlr. Broahowri Las el w•ir pews Si lia essisir
is 1* speech.
I.ord Lowther. Mr. ItrovutOrttn. 04. 14.1/10/4.
Last Ward - I/7 - 103 - Vs
West Ward - 78 - 4:1 - 74
Kendal Wan' - 65 - 111 - Pi
I.•msdale ►Ward $2 - 11 . $3

Total

21,3

A man from Carlisle abused a gentleman conlloo4 with this
Csittsle paper, for being what he called a placemen, a pensioner,
and a o 1 always er.desvouring to deceive the psopl.. This was
vpon She h ittings. In the course of the evening • swell iddree.eil
the people in the Marketplace, in a apeech ealeul4ted In his ides 4 to
esersittly rein the Yellows; and, at ere coorlusing,
or further
thought proper to treat the worthy Blues with couple moor.

NORTHUMBERLAND ELECTION.

ALXWICK, MONDAY EVZNING.

!Joni Howick sill continues last on the poll. He hail only polled
136 to-day, while Mr. lit•sinrott has polled 190. The following
is the state of the 101 l t :
Liddell - - 228 . . - 1,067
11r11 . 210 . . 1,021
Iteewront . . 190 . . 860
Ilustck - - 136 . - 760

fair contest for the representation of the Borough, if, on the
merit, of the two pastime, the present election should be set
aside. (Cheers.) We have had to contend with great difficul-
ties, and Done more disuniting than the fact, that many of Capt.
Banie's best and warmest friends lad ranged themselves under
the bothers of, and were the principal committee men for Mr.
Stanley ; but this won't occur again. (No, no, from the crowd.)
As a Naval ()Seer, brought bare by my friendship for Captain
Barrie, I deem it necessary to tell you that many more are in the
urne ranks. Yale townsmen, Captains Currie and M•Qaabal,
with others, if not placed so. prominently in the !tattle, have not
been less active and anxious in it ; and I speak with peat confi-
dence when I assert that there is not an officer in the service se.
quaintedwith Bowie, nor one who ever heard of his high character,
that would not come from " the uttermost parts of the earth" to
serve him. Of such a man, and the officers to whom I have alluded
it may be justly mid....
" It is not the jacket,
Nor the nevem blue,
The snag, nor the grog so cheerly,
That 'hews up the heart
Of a seaman true,
Nut tells us his manners sincerely.
'Ti. the hour of strife,
When venturing lite,
When the spirit of prudence might fail her,
In battle he'll sing,
For Britannia and King—
And this spews the heart of a sailor."
Ladies—l believe we have lost much during the election, in con-
sequence of promises made to our opponents. I trust and hope
you will never experience any faithlessness in promises, and let
me entreat of you, that this evening, before you go to rest,
you obtain from your husbands and sweethearts, their promises
to vote for Captain Barrie at the next election. I have heen ac-
cused of having spoken severely of my opponents. Well, lam
ready to answer fur it, but not to withdraw anything. 1 never did
nor ever will " eat my own Words."
The successful
candidases„ Stanley and Wood, paraded the
town on horseback. Air. Stanley's steed was decorated with hous-
ings of mange-coloured silk; while Wood's pranced about in the
Catholic hue of the &nevoid Isle. Stanley's friends, etandards and
music, took the lead—next came the Roman Catholics, in pink ri-
bands (a very decent body of men,) with a distinct band and
banner. Wood and his friends brought up the rear, with their
noise-makers, green colours, and mob. In Oil artier they marched,
or rather rushed, through the principal streets of the town. The
very tops of the houses were peopled with men, women, and chil.
dren—then there were the windows crowdtd with ladies or (as a
young poet bath it), the
Casements living with the light
Of woman's eyes, so soft and bright ;
Beaming through the trelliced tsars,
A nearer, dearer, Heaven of stars.
FISHER.

The Lancashire Witches, as the beauties of Preston are most
appropriately named, never looked so brwitching—faseination was
in their glahcea--their smiles would have cheered the desponding
heart of the poor Captain (Barrie), or harmonized the brutal man-
ners of the poor sergeant-major (Cobbett). An Irishman once
said, that the best feature in a woman's face was her legs—.
by the fame figute of speech I may say that the lady-witches
of Preston, though not in the procession at all, were much
the hundsornest part of the procession. But the devil of it
was, that scarcely a soul 01 them wore the successful colours,
orange and green. No; theirs was the sailor's colour—blue. They
proved faithful to the manly jolly Tory tar to the last. True blue,
even in the face of the triumphant foes, they never struck their
colours, but waved them undauntedly over the orange and green,
fearless alike of the aristocrat IVhig and the democrat Reformer.
Their beautiful ringlets were bound up in blue—blue fluttered
rewd their white brows—blue clasped their necks and bosoms—
blue floated from their white little hands—and blue encircled their
aviphean waists. Of the last.rnentioned blue and its contents a true.
blue Tory would, in the ebuilition of his political zeal, exclaim
with the %l'hig, Atterbury...
Give me but what that ribund bound;

Take all the rest the sun gore round."
After the crowd (rot it hail neither the order nor splendor of a
public procession) had brought their favourite (embers (dead
tired) back to their hotels
Mr. Wool) edified them with a speech. All I have time to
say of it is, that he ackut:w:edged he had neither ability, fortune,
nor family influence ; that he would Tote for the Catholic Etnanci.
potion, and every popular measure that he thought useful and
hottest ; that he would oontesit Captain Barrie's petition against the
return, and if the election should be declared void, that he would
light it nut again.
Mr. STA:II.EY was so disgusted with tie coarse familierities of
the universal suffrage men, that he would not even gave them a sen-
tence. Ile set elf for his grandfather'e (Earl Derby), half an hour
after the favour of his proassi m was over.
At eight o'clock our friend, •• the flee animal." elieweel his
bull-dog face, at the window of his gin-shop, without weis.coat
or cravat, arid putting on a most lugubrious smile (like what
Mr. Croker has called " a sun-heam on a colfin-plate,") addressed
" the House"— I forgot— I mean the Market-square, to the fol-
lowing effect :
Gentlemen of Preston—(lluese)—lt is now four weeks since
I entered your town—just one calendar month, the happiest
month I have spent since the first month I was married (A laueh.)
Gentlemen, w e have had a tough battle of it, and we have ft u i
bravely. My enemies said I was gone; but, Geidlemer, th y
are gone t' emeelves this very cycling; they have enrolee I out
of town under the cover of the night, whilst I shall mards out
to-morrow morning, in the face of the bright and open day-light.
(From the crowd, • the devil gee with you.") I have told you,
Gentlemen, that this would be no election, and that I will prove.
if there is life In me. (Huns.) As to the colour (green,• ; to which
so much importance has been attached, it Is like a del .e ime
plant that poisons all things on which it sheds its veno-
mous hue--an evergreen gentleman—a deadly yew--a nightshade;
bu' we are the persons who will destroy this compoeitiont of germ
woods and orange flowers. I'd pluck it up by the roots. (Laugh-
ter and applause.) lord Stanley was not content with bringing in one
Member, his dandy son, but he must hook on a second. If the
connexion stands—if this pone creature, Wood, continues your
Member, Earl Derby will be able to lay his claws on your borough,
as easily as any other titled tyrant rules any close borough in Eng-
land ; so that poor Wood, like a young bear, has all his sorrows
before him. I told you that you oudat to have one Member, at
least. experienced, clever, and able to do ye good. I said that I had
no claims, if I were not able to do some good for ye. Weed ac-
knowledges he is nut able to do any good for ye ; he is a timid,
trembling, creature, and incompetent to serve the interests of your
fine town of Preston. I have the real majority of votes—the hearts
of the people. (Hum-) I thank you from the bottom of my
heart. The public spirit of the town of Preston is greater than I
ever met with, even in America. I never can be sufficiently grate.
fel to you. I never shall for the honest and independent town
of Preston. Your shrew of hamle the very first day of the election
proved to me and the world that I was the man of your choice.
Good night." (II uzza.)
Cobbett has not left yet. M'ood's Liverpool Radicals, Dr. Crump.
ton and Mr. Iluckton, the orator, returned home this morning on
the top of the stage-coach. It WAS not NIL Peter Horrocks, nor
Cnptain 31•Quhae, who acted for Captain Barrie, in extracting from
Wood the written denial of the rhetorical version of hie speech in
the newspaper. Captain M'Quhae is the gentleman who acted
for Captain Coiquit, in relation to the same speech of Wood's,
and in a communication with Mr. Wood's friend, Mr. John Tay-
lor, (one of the London Press, now Editor of the Manchester
Gnardian,) obtained frmn him (Taylor) the following denial,
whinnied by Mr. %Wood. I copy it from the original, with the
polite permission of Captain ('olquit.
Copy of Mr. Taylor's note to Captain M'Quhae.
" Mr. Taylor is reqfiested, on the part of Mr. Wood, in reply to
Captain 1111•Quhae's note, explicitly to state, that he has never, at
any time during the election, asseited that • the British colour.'
see ding aced by being followed by such a man as Captain Barrie,'
or made u.e of any words to that effect.
" Red Lion Inn, Preston, June 22, MG, 11 o'clock P.m."
Adtlr seed to Captain 31'Quhae.
It is now admitted, on ail hands, that the report of the speech,
though de:tweeted in diction, was substantially correct; and that
Mr. Wood has, beyond all doubt, shewn the white feather, by
writing the untrue denials of the sentiments which he really did
utter. The most respectable gentlemen have offered to prove that
ha sifoke the objeiuonable word. cantained in the report of-his
speech. The town is quite tranquil, the streets almost empty, end
not a trace remains of the late long laborious angry c-intent, which
has torn the town rounder for the last six weeks. May we not see
a return of it for the next seven years !
The following address was published by Captain Barrie last
night:_
Although I have been under the necessity of eompliing with
the law, which restricted the pulling to three o'clock to-day, I ant
proud to assure you, that I had. at I at hour, according to to fair
estimate made by my Committee, several hundred electors in at-
tendance, and eager to vote for me. In announcing this to you, I
find myself unable to express, in language sufficiently strong. the
gratitude I feel for your arduous exertions in my behalf during the
whole of this long and severe contest. Actuated by an unfeigned
regnril fin the character and welfare of this town, I presented my.
self to your notice; and notwithstanding the late period at which I
declared my purpose, I experienced a receftiun, which, in warmth
and sincerity, cannot be surpassed, and must ever Ire to me a wire,
of high gratification. To disgraceful and illegal conduct, and a
gross violation of the freedom of election, is to be ascribed my situ.
anion on the poll. And it now remains to be determined b• the
!louse of common., whether the present return. effected as it has
been by the intimidating threats and violence cif Mr. Wood's party,
can be ettetsined. I thank you most cordially fur your support;
and trust, that when 1 again appear (which I most certainly shall)
as a Candidate to represent you in Parham. nt, your kindness will
be found undiminished. " ROBERT BARRIE."

• Wood's colours.
t Meaning a coalition bet wecti S.aolcy and Wood.

THE CONTES7' A7' ritEsrox.

I Front the Manrititer d/r, rury.
MAWCIIENTS:R, .11:w g 27.
Those who hare had the opportunity of witnoenng the occur-
rences of Preston doting the latter half of the late conte•ted elec-
tion, who have heard toe speeches which have been ptinttal,, some
anonytnoue rod Nome others/We, end attended to the proceedings nw
the lotoiogn, ciamot have holed to witnetts•degree of raneorotte
liner on the pert of two 01 the Candidates, and of the friends of one
of thew, towards Mr. Wood, which the eery mild and concjhatory

conduct of that gent/man, throughout the arduous struggle, and
his studious abstinence from personality towards his opponents
would have rendered it very difficult to account for, if an ample
solution of it had not been to be found in the situation which he
occupied on the poll. For the proof of the virulence to which we
have adverted, it may suffice to refer to the columns of the Freston
papers, though those can give little idea of the manner in which it
has been displayed. Coming from Mr. Cohbett, abuse may be
passed by unnoticed ; with such a master in the vulgar tongue, no
gentleman would wish to be able to contend ; but the case is dif-
ferent, when persons who at least hold the stations of.gentlemen-
condearend to employ language which those who possess that cha-
racter are not in the habit of submitting to. About noon on Sa-
turday, a paragraph in the P,rston Pik! caught the eye of
some of lilt. Wood's friends. It was in allusion to the dis-
turbance which took place with the bludgeon-men on Friday
morning, when Mr. John Swainson received a blow. In the course
of the agitation which took place on the hustings, Captain
Colquitt, R.N., a friend of Captain Barrie s, is stated to have
called across to Mr. Wood, " It all arises from your infamous
harangues from your window, where you have added cowardice to
treachery." That these words, or some to.the mime effect, were
uttered by Captain Colquitt, we hare, as will he seem in the sequel,
no reason to doubt, but they were not hearth by Mr. Wood, nor, so
far as we Lave been able. to ascertain, by any of the friends who
surrounded hint. However, as soon as they caught their eyes in
print, there could not be on the minds of any of them a doubt as
to their tendency ; and a friend of Mr. Stood's, anxious to pre-
vent any chance of the unpleasant consequences which he could
not but apprehend, took an immediate opportunity of speaking to
a gentleman, whom he understood to be a personal friend of Cap.
rain Colquitt, pointing out to him the passage, and suggesting.
whether, on receiving from Mr. Wood an Lowrance, on his word
and honour, that he had not been accessory, directly or indirectly,
to the employment of any bludgeon-men whatever, Captain Col-
quitt might not fed it right to make some explanation of the often.
site terms he had used. The communication to Captain Colquitt's
friend, it was distinctly stated, was to be confidential, and it was to
be regarded solely as that of the gentleman who made it, and not
that of Mr. Wood. The gentleman to whom Mr. Wood's
friend hail addressed himself, after stating that his acquaintance
with Captain Colquitt was much slighter than Mr. Wood's friend
had suppord, undertook, at the close of the day, to speak to Cap-
tain Colquitt, and inform him (Mr. Wood's friend) of the result.
This was abort one o'clock, r. at., and nothing was heard front
Captain C.'s fiend, or done in the efleir, during the remainder of
the afternoon.

Mr. Wood dined with about a dozen of his friends at the Red
Lion, and it did not escape the notice of those of them whose at-
tention had been excited to the subject by a perusal of the Preston
papers, that he was several times during the evening summoned
from table. At length the friend who had spoken to Captain Col-
quirt's friend, was also called out, and on being ahewn into the
room where Mr. Wood was, the latter put into his hand a note, of
which the following is a copy ; the substance of which had at hest
been communicated verbally, but was afterwards, at the instance
of Mr. Wood. reduced to writing:—
" Captain M'Quhae is instructed by Captain Colquitt to demand
from Mr. Wood immediate satisfaction for having stated, in one or
his speeches from Croft's Inn, that the British colours were dis.
graced by being followed by such a man as Captain Barrie; Mr.
Wood's communication to be full and in writing.
" Samrday, '24th June. 1526 "
Mr. Wood's friend finding, from conversation with that gentle.
man, as he was, from the first, quite sure would be the case, that
Mr. Wood hail never made use of any such language, said that
there could be no objection to an explicit diaavowai of it. But it
appeared singular, supposing such expressions to have dropped
from Mr. Wood, that they were not resented by Captain Barrie
instead of Captain Colquitt. To an observation of this sort from
him, Mr. Wood stated, that Captain 31-Quhae had replied that
Captain Barrie was under the dontrol of his Committee; that in
answer to this he (Mr. Wood) had remarked. that he might say
the same as regarded himself; but having ..aver used any such
language as was attributed to him, it could not be necessary for
him, on a point of etiquette, to refrain front disavowing it. Ac-
cortlingiy a note, of which the following is a copy, was written, and
delivered to Capt. 31'Quhae:—
" Mr. Taylor is requested, cm the part of Mr. Wood, in reply to
Captain 111•Quhne's note, explicitly to stare, that he has never, at
any time during this election, asserted that ' the British colours
were disgraced by being followed by such a man as Capt. Barrie,'
or made use of any words to that effect.
" Red Lion, Preston, June 24.1 i, 18211, eleven o'clock p. m."
This disavowal, Captain M`Quboe said he should enncei v
must, of course, be satisfactory ; and he took it away. In the
mean time, however, whilst Capt. 31`Quhae was waiting fur an
answer to his note in the room into which he hail been shawn—tha t
in which Mr. NVood's party had usually breakfasted—Mr. Chas
Howard, of 3lelhourne. near York, one of Mr. Wood's friends
who personally knew Capt. 31`Qiihae, accidentally entered, and
seeing Capt. M'Quhnc, die suspicions which a perusal of the
Preston Pilot, about six o'clock in the evening, had excited in his
mind, received a decided confirmation, which was still more
strengthened by the circumstance of his finding that Mr. Wood
was consulting with two of his friends in an adjoining room.
After Capt. M Quhae'a departure from the Red Lion, Mr. How.
nrd took us ea ly an opportunity as he could find of consulting and
mentioning hi. srspicion to Dr. Ctomptor, anti they mutually con.
eluded to wait upon the Mayor. Accordingly.aboat twelve o'clock
these two gentlemen proceedtd to d e Mayor's house in Winkley
Pla e, 'litre his Worship was aroused front bttl, and an infor.
m ton having b en ssorn by 31r. Howard, that lie believed that a
duel was about to take place between Mr. Wood and ('apes is
Calquit, the Mayor, on the application of Dr. Cramp, n, granted
a warrant for the apprehension of those tentletuen, in order that
they might be compelled to enter into *wet es to keep the peace.
The wolfram war entrusted to Mr. Walton, the chief officer o' tl e
police, and at two o'clock on Sulu:lay morning, Mr. Wood was tak n
into c istody at hir lodgings. The Mayor, how. ver,had instructed the
constable to sutler Mr. Wood to remain at home,on his giving his
word of honour, in the presence of Dr. Crompton, not to h•ave his
lodgings till I Oo'efock on Sunday morning, and to appear before him
at that h tut, for the purpose of entering into the required sureties.
But we must return ; about an hour after Captain al'Quhae had
received from Mr. Taylor Mr. Wood's reply to the communication
lie had made on the part of Captain Colquit, he returned to the
Red Lion, and on seeing Mr. Taylor, stated that Captain Colqiiit
was perfectly satisfied with the explanation, but that, wi h reaper
to a communication which he understood Mr. Taylor had had w th
a friend of Captain Cs' ilquit's, he was instructsd by Captain Col-
' quit to say that he was no party whatever to the publication of the
paragraph in die Preston Pilot, but that he had used the language
there imputed to him—he should neither explain nor retract it. BD.
Taylor wired to Captain IPeltaliae his extreme surpese,
that be should have received au answer to a communication
which he had confidentially made to one gentleman, through
the channel of another. He left the room, however, for the
purpose of consulting 31r. Wood, as to the step he had taken,
and the manner in which it had been met, and on his return;
stated to Captain 31`Qultae, that reflection had only strengthened
his feeling of the propriety of his looking to the gentleman with
whom lie had communicated, and to film alone, ltn a statement of
theresult of the conimissfon he had undertaken. Capt. allaidiae,
therefore, departed, repeating the communication he had been in-
structed by Captain Colquit to convey, but promising to make
known to that gentleman Mr. Taylor's Feeling on the subject.
In the mean time, die warrant against Mr. Wood and Captain
Colima hod been is tied, and its prompt service on Mr. tVood, of
course, put a stop to any further proceeding. %Ye believe, how.
ever, we may venture to say, that Mr. Wood had been advised not
to take any steps on the subject during the continuance of the elec-
tion ; it being :he decided opirion of his friends, that much higher
interests, than any personal to himself, were depentlenton the result
of the election.

We have not heard when. or under what circumstance:, the
warrant was served on Captain Colquit ; bot it was underatord in
Prt won yesterday, that he was at large on hls parole, until he might
be able to put in bail.
We du not know how these circumstances may impress the itub-
lie, but we confess that some of the placards and speccht s of Clap%
liar. ie, and some of the speeches of Captain Cultiut., do appear t
us to have i•tt.icated a settled determination on their part, if posit'.
ble, to pick a quarrel with Mr. Wood, with what object we
have it to our revilers to divine.

It is right to add that tleientlerran with whcm, as a friend of
Captain Colquit, Mr. Taylor hail originally eonm:ut.icated, was no
petty to the tranemiattion of an answer to that communicator
through Captatn M'Quhae, and that in calling nn Mr. Taylor on
Sunday morning, he stated that lie regretted the circumstance of
any other party than Matadi' having been spoken to, or employed
on the subject.
