papers in his
and Learned

• - _ _
?ties thould sot, he agreed with Ole firm.
hilt, he governed solely by a militety man.
their 'phi's, the least fit to - because di,
• aill6 constant!"

MP
Gold
Such
were,

a great deal
I C. Somerset
Office had re-

fallen from the
ord C. Somerset
impressions as to the
• inaudible in the
-t adopted, in
t like to see
ones. The Go-
tic; that was not
colonizol, it be-
le in which the
, ought to be
the Cape, and
representative
• some meant

abuses which had
consequences of the ex.

opposite (Mr. Wm.
• almost the only
• say that if a
" Wait until
complained
person who had
•hat the English
that Colony.
opinion hostile to
He
of that me-
sentenced to
knew that it
cernment on anv
Hon. (lent. (311.
perihelia lately mine
—4 that the story
credited.—
..itch sums—
dollars at the
light than as
hesitation in
the people at
tying under the
• high opinion
testigate these
at the Commis-
artless one of the
thought little good
•e indivi use
to complain
too, as was
into those
document sent hen.
of oppression
between the
the Commis.
upon partia
ly of the most
mite as great an
• The cols.

tleman who spoke
men Were, from
in the er'

. to rule, . they we.,, course t
their te,. Aldine and education, t. ,ntly paying nt receiving im-
plicit obedience, and habituated to the cootemplation of despotic
authority. Unless a momething was done to place the colonies at
the Cape of Geed Hope more tinder a government resembling the
English at home, he was confident that no prnper:y could be ern-
' barked in trade th re with security; and he spoke the sentiments
of every man engnged in that trade when he said that it would he
impossible mon:Moue ennneetiona with their correspondents there
if the prment system continued. Year after year they had been
promised redress. Three or four yews ago, when he mentioned the
subject, the Government had promised inquiry ; and he would ask
now whether it was possible the House or the douhtry could go on
sanctioning such a system. supported at ouch an enormous mipense,
upon tile mere preen* of an inquiry protracted to such an lade-
fluke length. While he was in possession of the House he would
just mention that the man Jones, the noted Oliver the spy. is tpe
Hon. Gentleman Willi knows, and an Mr. Parker, who was for some
time at the Cape, undertakes to prove., is now in a situation in the
sanr;foraltip of lands,- and nossessed of great powers, which he
grovel
y abates. Upon such a:tuses, or any. other, however; no man
dare..nrite or complain. if the oppressor is in favour with the Go-
vernor; and he felt himself hound to ssy, that from all he had
head-earn he knew the facts or the caw well--the case loudly de-
manded an inimtry. which could not take place toe soon.
Mr. MAIILRLY said there were twn ranee in this proceedinn,
one the Governor of the Cape aed the other the country, and he
thought it was for the interest of both that an inquiry should—se
the Honourable Meruher for Montrose observed—take place as
aeon as possible. They must wait nix or twelve months for the pro.
duction of the Report,,and it was his opinion that it would be both
justice to the Noble Lord (Somerset) an4,to the country if the
Inqpiry took place immediately. He hoped therefore his Hon.
Friend would not shrink from the performance of his duty.
Mr. W. HORTON acknowledged that if there prevailed such a
system of Government as was represented, the sooner it was changed
'• the better. Government could not however do any more than they
had done Already., by sending out a Commission to make full in-
quiry. As to the Honourable Gentleman's (Mr. Hume) charge
of ancontmlled despotism, he could only say that there had been
for some time a Council, somewhat in the nattier of the India
Council, for the administration of the affnirs of the Colony in con.
junction with the Governor, so that the accusation could not
appl Mr.
y.
ELIACE complained of the general conduct of Govern-
ment towards its colonies, and alluded particularly to the practice
of frequently altering the Orders in Council. In Trinidad the late
Orders in Council had not been in operation for six months before
they were succeeded by new ones. Some digest of laws should take
place for the governMent of all the colonies. But what he wished
at prteent to ask was, whether there had been any Report from the
Commit...inners sent out to St. Lucie and Trinidad.
Mr. BROUGHAM objected to the question at that moment ; he
was sure the Hon. Gentleman would see the propriety of not
breaking in upon the discussion of such a serious question. It was
not treating Lord Charles Somerset well to introduce any ex-
traneous subject which might have the effect of withdrawing the at-
tention of the House from the consideration of his case, and the op-
portunity of doing him justice. The lion. Gentleman would be
either screening a delinquent, or preventing the House from doing
justice to an Injured man.
The Petition of Bishop Burnett (as we understood) was then
read, praying that the House would take his cane into consideration.
and extend him such protection and recompense as in its wisdom
might seem fit.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, instead of pursuing the usual coarse.
by moving that this petition be laid on the table of the House, he
apprehended he would best discharge bin duty, in a manner most
consistent with the observations which had been that night made
upon the subject, and the most just to Lord Charles Somerset and
the person whose petition he had presented. by moving that the pe-
tition should be referred to a Committee of that House ; he also
thought that in pursuing that course they would prevent a eecur-
rence of the practice of presenting petitions at random, and by Med-
tutirg an immediate inquiry into the charges preferred against
the individual, protect at once the privileges of the House, and
punish thou who might be tempted to mislead k lay complaints
which could not be sip ported. If it was said that the course he
proposed wan unusual, he had no objection to give a notice of his
intention ; but as he understand the question had been frequently
agitated before, and that the petition had not come upon the Gen-
tleman unawares. If, however, further time was required to make
inquiries oat of door,, he had no objection. Lord Charles Somer-
set ought, after what has passed, to challenge instant inquiry, and
he must deny that the House, in the present case, had any thing to
do with what might be contained in the Report of the Commis-
sioners.
Mr. W. HORTON intimated his wish that the Hon. Gentle-
man should give notice of his motion.
The petition wan then laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIUME asked whether onv measures were about to he
adopted with regard to Edwards, wine had been banished to New
Sours Wales.
Mr. W. HORTON said, in a low tone, that inquiries were be.
made into his case.
Mr. 'BROUGHAM then gave notice of his intention to move
that the petition he referred to a Committee on Tuesday next.
tar 'W. HORTON observed, with relation to Edwanle„ that I*
undetlltood he was a nmaway convict, and therefore much of thie •
ulterior proceedings must depend on that fact being proved.
ROBERT GOURLA Y.
Mr. STUART WORTLEY presented • petition from Robete
Gourley, on the subject of the Poor Laws.--Laid on the milk.
SLAUGHTERING HORSES.
Mr. N. CALVF.RT presented a petition from Ware. in Harts,
la favour of the Bill for regulatingthe Slaughtering of Horses.
Laid on the table.
COMBINATION LAWS.
Mr. T. WILSON presented a petition from the Furriers of
London and Southwark, against the re-enactment of the Combina-
tion Laws.—Laid on the table.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from the Journeymen Coopers
of Dublin, complaining that the only evidenee taken before the
Committee was that of the reamers and the police officers, and they
therefore prayed that they might be examined before any measure
of a penal nature was enacted upon the subject of combinations.
The petitioners further prayed that their petition might be referred
to the Committee, but that he feared was now impossible, as they
had clewed their labours.
Mr. WALLACE, in defence of the Committee, asid they had
examined but one master from Dublin. If they did not examine
the men it was because they felt it their duty to obtain evidence of
the state of the country generally, not of particular acts.
Mr. HUME then rend a part of the petition, which prayed that
no measure might be adopted without the examination of the'
journeymen, and assured the House that all the evils complained
of had proceeded from the conduct of the masters, and other ceases
unconnected with any action of theirs.
The petition was then laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
COMMISSION AT ST. LUCIE AND TRINIDAD.
Mr. ELIaICE again pressed his question with respect to St.
Lucie and Trinidad.
Mr. W. HORTON replied, that one of the Commissioners died
on the Islands, and the other returned home, but a second Com-
mission had limn sent out, and he believed that before the end of
the Session a very voluminous Report would be presented.
IMPRESSMENT OF SEAMEN.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from certain seamen, on the
uubject of impressment. The Hon. Gentleman repeated his Ms*
f the evils of that system.
Mr. SYKES said a few words on the same subject.
Laid on the table.
_____

DUTIES ON WOOD.
Mr. SYKES presenter' • petition from the merchants of Hull,
praying an alteration upon the duties on wood.
CRIMINAL IMPRISONMENTS ANL/ CONVICTIONS.
Mr. C. WESTERN, in moving for an account of the number
of commitments in the different Circuits. excepting the Home
Circuits during the last seven years, distinguishing the number
convicted, acquitted, and against whom no bills were found ;
specifying also the time when committed and discharged: re-
marked upon the very long period which sometimes elapsed be.
fore individuals committed for felonies were brought to trial. Not-
withstanding all the Laudable (Albite of the present Home Secretary,
great defects still existed in the administration of justice; and he
hoped that Ilk*. Hon. Gentleman would see the necessity of
taking some measure to procure a third Assize its the other
counties as well as on the Home Circuit. He understood that in
the lasi seven years, although there had been 62,000 commitments,
more than 30,000 had been acquitted or discharged, because no bills
had been found against them ; 12,000 was indeed the number
against whom no bills had been found. When they reflected that
of all the individuals committed, one half, on an average, were ac.
quitted—and when they considered how long • time intervened be.
tween the Summer and Spring Assizes, during which the probably
innocent were confined in those hot-beds of vice and crime—our
gaols, he thought it must be allowed that some measure should
be adopted to shorten the duration of that time. The lion.
Gentleman concluded by a motion in the terms expressed before,
Mr- Secretary PEEL had no objection to the motion, foe the
purpose of throwing light upon the due administration of justice.
He was not without a hope that some arrangement might be made
which would enable them, without inconvenience, to give a third
Assize to the country; and he was sure that no considerations
expense, even from an addition to the number of the Judges, would
prevent them from doing any thing which would promote a due
administration or the laws, or prevent the evils of a protracted inn.
prisonment. He we. not, however, quite satisfied that there were
not son:e serious difficulties in the way of such an attempt. It
might be a matter of consideration, whether justice might not be
administered with less satisfaction on a third Assize, from the un-
avoidable absence of those Members of the Grand Jury who might
happes to be Members of Parliament. Such evinsiderations might
oppose obstacles to the plan, btu yet he hoped it might shill be
carried into effect.
Alt. IdEN MAN agreed in all that had been said by thealtight
Hon. Gentleman, but he doubted whether the frequent appearance
of the array of justice might not diminish the respect in which it
was now held.
.Ir. H. SUMNER complained of the manner in which the
- time was distributed for the trial of causes at present on the third
Circuits, and of the sending two Judges fur criminal eases on them,
when only one was allowed for the Spring or Winter.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, there might be some consideration
applied to the state of the office of Sheriff, the expense and the duty
attendant upon it ; and at the same time they ought to direst
their attention to the office Under• Sheriff, the emoluments de.
rived from it, and the duties that oaf eer was called upon to perform.
(Hear, hear.)
The motion was then agreed to.

BRIT

PRESS

ob.,

nt-
fill: JOURNALS OF Tie,E HOUSE.
Mr. BANKS moved for, and obtained, a Select Committee, to
examine the progress made in the execution of an Index to the
Journals from the Union with Ireland to the present time.
COMBINATION LAWS.
Mr. IVA LLACE, in bringing up the Report of the Committee
upon the Combination Laws, expressed his most anxious desire that
the Report should be printed and in the hands of 3femtem, with a
view of carrying into effect the recommendation,' of the Committee
'during the pm ient Seaton. He intended to present a Bill, upon
which it wouhl be advisable that the discusemo should take place
as soon after the printing and distribution as possible. He would'
here take tiff opportunity of tooting, and he was the more desirous
to du to (Orly. because he understood unfounded reports had got
abroad ups.n the subject, and been very widely diffused, that there
was no Intention whatever to re-enact the penal statutes repealed by
the exertions of the Hon. Member for Montrose, end that no such
suggestion was contained in the Report of the Committee.
• Mr. MANSFIELD said, he could not consent to the reception
of a Report which proceeded a holly on the information of the DM.
Sent, without any examination of the men.
Ile. IVALLACE defended the Report, and assured the House
that every one who thought his evidenceof importance had been
examined by the Cominittee.
Mr. HUAIE deprecated as much as any person, the outrages
that had been committed in Dublin and Glasgow ; at the
same time he had to complain, that in the Committee the
operatives themselves were not examined. He did no think
that that Committee had not performed all that it was in.
tended by the House it should perform at the time of its
formation. The House last year carried a resolution for a repeal
of the sth of George IV. chap. 95. and this Session it was proposed
Ito re-enact, if not all. at least a part, of that which had been before
repealed. Befo-e that repeal the fullest examination ought to be
entered upon. Upwards of otie hundred petitions had been pre.
aented to the House from the operative classes, praying to beel-
amined. A deputation for that. purpose had come from the opera.
tires of Sheffield, hut they returned without being examined, and
on being told by the Hon. Member for Yorkshire (Mr. S. Wortley)
that if it were necessary they would be sent for and examined. It
was not sufficient alone to ascertain that combination existed, the
extent of it, the causes of It, and whether it was the fault of the
masters or of the men should also be Welshed Into. (Heat, hear.)
There had certainly been strikes for wages in several parts of the
country, but these strikes had not been, as formerly, accompanied by
threat, intimidation or violence. There had been meetings certainly,
but they were open and undisguised, and not an before secret. As
to the outrage complained of in Glasgow he had letters requesting
him to assure the House, that that was not the act of any body
of workmen, but the act of a few, one of Whom suffered, and the
other was arraigned. These persons too, who it was stated, were
suborned to commit assassination, were reduced to a state of star-
vation. He begged to call the attention of the House, however, to
another case that occurred in Glasgow. Mr. Dunlop had a
number of workmen (he believed 40), who struck for wages. A
meeting of the masters of that City, in conoequence took place, and
they came to a reaohnion that they would discharge all their work-
men, amounting to ten thousand persona, unless Mr. Dunlop's
workmen returned to their work ; they did not, however, return,
and the consequence was, that ten thiMaand persons were dis-
charged, and left without occupation for four months ; and so they
might, had not the community cried " shame " upon them. This
was an atrocious combirotion on the part of the masters, sad it
might, perhaps, on inquiry, be found that in many instances the
masters were more to blame than the men. As the House had
repealed the former laws, it ought not, in his opiniOn, alter it
hastily—it ought to wait until the propriety of the alteration had
been fairly tried by the test of time. He wished to offer no
obstacle to any measure that would propose a beneficial change;
but he disapproved of any measure of change without having
testimony of the persons who would be most affected by that
change.
3lr. PEEL highly disapproved of any discussion at present as
to the propriety of the Bill which his Right Honourable Friend
moved for leave to introduce. (Hear, hear.) Befote ouch discus-
sion took place, he wished the House to be in possession of the
evidence given before the Committee. For the present he (Mr.
Peel) would not say a word in favour of the Bill ; but he would
protest against the statement made by the Honourable Member.
He wan prepared to deny that the Committee had refused to hear
any evidence consistent with the objects which it was Instituted to
attain. (Hear, hear.) Let the merit of the Bill of his Right
Honourable Friend be estimated by the evidence before the Com-
mittee,, and by the justice and necessity of its provisions, and not
by the statements of the Hon. Gentleman. (Hear, hear.)
Sir M. W. RI DLEY admitted that every Honourable Member
had a right to express his own opinion. His (Sir M. R.'s) was
very different from that of the Honourable Member. He hoped.
however, the House would judge of the conduct of the Committee
by their acts, and not by what he must call the unfair statement
of their proceedings by the Right Honourable Gentleman.
The Report was then brought op, and leave was granted to bring
in a Bill to repeal the Act of Parliament of last Session, respecting
combinations, and to substitute such other regulations as might be
deemed expedient to prevent the evils toning therefrom.
THE DUKE OF MANCHESTER.
Dr. LUSH INGTON having risen pursuant to notice, to bring
forward his motion respecting the deportation of two persons of
colour from the island of Jamaica, by order of the Duke of Man-
chester,
Mr. W. HORTON, in a low tone of voice, expressed his tin-
cquaintante with the course intended to be pursued on the present
occasion.
Dr. IsUSHINGTON was at a lose to know how that Hon.
Gentleman could be ignorant of the course he intended to pursue,
as from the discussions which had already taken place upon the
subject, the Honourable Gentlemsn might have perceived it was his
intention to move that the petition and the papers connected with
it should be referred to a Select Committee. Any other course, he
was apprehensive, would fall shorn of doing that justice to the peti-
tioners which he was desirous to obtain for them. in bringing
forward this motion at the present advanced period of the Session,
be hoped he would be excused, as the motive that prompted him
not to introduce it at an earlier one, was an unwillingness to discuss
the subject until the papers to which he would have occasion to
refer were printed, and were fully before the House. The motion
was one which he thought was intimately connected with the happi-
ness, and even the safety of our West India Colonies—more par.
titularly with that of die island of Jamaica. The case to which
he was desirous of calling the attention of the House was one of
the greatest outrages that had been, or could be perpetrated. As the
house wax not familiar with the discussions on this subject he
would take the liberty of stating to the House the amount of the
population in the island of Jamaica. There were three classes of
inhabitants—the first, and the most numerous part of the popula-
tion, he meant the black population, consisted of 360,000 pennon
Besides these there were 36,000 men of colour, :on 25,000 whites.
To the second class he was anxious to call the attention of the
House, as the persons' whose case he had that night to being foe-
ward belonged to it. This class formed a principal part of the in-
hahitanta of that island. Previous to the year 11113 this class,
suffnred under severe disabilities ; until that period a white person
could not make a will bequeathing property of larger amount than
2,00 d. to any person of colour, though that person was his own
son. Neither could he nerve on Juries nor give evidence
against a white person—he was obliged to contribute his
proportion of taxes—to contribute also his proporion to the
funds for education, whilst he was shut out from all places
of trust, and deprived of the advantages of those institutions which
Ile mainly aided to maintain. He was also debarred from exercis-
ing the elective franchime, and from various other privileges. Such
was his condition in 1813, when some of the disabilities under
which he laboured were removed, but' any of them were permitted
to continue. In 1822 they resolved on a petition to the Legislative
Assembly of Jamaica for a removal of the remaining disabilities
under which they laboured. And here he would take an opportu-
nity of stating how important it was to conciliate this important
class of the inhabitant,' of Jamaica, as they were a class in Jamaica
constantly increasing in population. To the ordinary increase
amongst themselves was superadded the increase that arose from
their intercourse with the white portion of the population. As to
their character all writers concurred in the highest testimony to its
integrity and to their peaceable demeanour. It was said by Mr. Ed-
wards to be unimpeached and unimpeachable. The House of An.
sembly in Jamaica also bore testimony to their character and con.
duct. In one of their Reports was to be found a passage to the fol-
lowing effect :—" We cannot conclude this Report without bestow.
ing nor meet of praise on the people of colour. By their conduct
they have identified themselves with the interests of the island, and
have shewn themselves sealleve supporters of its internal weltare."
And this testimony it should be borne in mind was given at a time
dial the island heti just recovered as it were from a storm, and that
an opportunity of testifying their peaceable deportment had been
recently afforded them. It would be right to state that there were
four orders or degrees of persona in Jamaica, who were recognised
by a particular shade of colour; first there was the black, next to
him was the mulatto, third die auntie, and fourthly the munaphee.
So that disabilities were determined and arranged by shades of
complexion, and the West Indies was the only part of His Ma-
jesty's dominions where this difference was recognised : as in this
country there were two persons, one holding a high place in the
army, and the other had formed a connection with the family of a
Meinber of the House. The petition to which he had before ad.
vetted was in the first instance intrusted to OIL Hector Mitchell,
a Magistrate and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of
Jamaica. But it was subsequently placed in the hands of Mr.
Barret, from a suspicion, he believed, of the zeal of the former
Of the latter Gentleman he was disposed to speak with the utmost
respect for the integrity of conduct and firmness of purpose which
he evinced throughout the whole of these proceedings. The Bill
was Introduced, mid on a second reading was rejected. For pro-
moting this measure, and for being members of the Committee
that prepared the application to the Legislative Assembly, these
two persons, Lacine and Escoffer", were tom front their families,
and forcibly deported front the island of Jamaica. The pretence
of expelling them from the island was under the Alien Act. They
were then aged, one Viand the other 35, and they were called upon
instantly to prove, that they were not aliens, a proof that from the
distance of time it was not easy on the occasion to supply. He
(Dr. L.) was prepared to prove, that this was solely a pretence.
that the Allen Act was never intended to be so applied and
that the sole ground for expelliog these individuals was their ob-
noxious remonstrance to procure a removal of the disabilities
under which they and the class to which they belonged laboured.
The Allen Act was intended to facilitate the removal of those ad-
, pitted to be alines from one place to another, and was not ever in..
tended to be applied to the oppressive purpesea for which it
was intended in the present inasance. in the papers which were now
dere the House. 3f r. Hector Mitchell, a magistrate of Kingston
stated that those persons, who were men not of wenn origin or con.
dition, but who had been extensive dealers in the wholesale trade,
who weirs married and bad children: be-stated that they * trassiting

. .

persons amongst the class they belonged to -thatilicy exercised great
influence over that class, and that did were members of a society
which professed to be, formed for charitable purposes, but was
formed swear, and for purpmes very different from those of charity.
Now he ( Dr. L.) was prepared to show that the purposes to which
the funds of the charity were devoted were laid before the subscrib-
ers in an annual account ; and as to their being leaders of that class
to which they belonged, that was a circumstance highly to their
credit, as that dins was stated by the Legislative Assembly to have
identified themselves with the interests of Jamaica, and to have
zealously promoted the welfare of the Wand. Although these in.
dividuals were not proved to be aliens, and although they were sir.
geants in the local militia, which was a recognition of their not be.
ing aliens. yet were they, upon the order of the Duke of Stanches-
ree„ forcibly deported front the island. acid taken to St. Domingo.
Besides, we of these were admitted by this' very Mitchell not to
have been as alien. On the occasion of taking out his privilege Mr.
Mitchell was one of the magistrates who attended at the time, and
he in the latter instance rejected the evidence which or. a former
occasion he had admitted to be a foundation for their being native.
born Indians. The Hon. Member having proceeded to show test
these individuals were not aliens, complained of the harshness with
which they had been treated by Mr. Barnes, the Mayor of Kings-
ton, whose conduct towards them was rather that of a prosecutor
than that of an impartial administrator of puplic justice. A motive
for his conduct was to he found in a verdict which (as we under.
stood) was obtained for the payment of 4,000 f. to one of them. The
decision had been made in the first instance in favour of the Mayor,
hut was subsequently reversed by the Council. What he stated to
the House was founded on the most satisfactory documents; and
he maitre(' the House he had taken the utmost pains to be occur-
' ately informed of them, and had seen the parties themselves, more
' than thirty individual:, with the petitioners, Lacine and Escoffery.
It should be noticed that the individuals whose petition he pre-
sented had employed most respectablesolicitoes. Their attorneys
were Messrs. Stephenson and White. Mr. Stephenson was him-
self a member of the local legislature. and was it likely that these
men would hare employed such individuals to defend them if they
had been guilty of any crime against the Government ? Imme-
diately upon their committal the accused had a petition presented
to the Legislative Assembly. This petition was signed by thiriy
persona. Amongst them was Mr. Hall, a Magistrate. Mr. Hall
has since come over to England, he was now here, ind he has
confirmed every allegation in the petition. Painful as it would be
to him, as he intended to return to Jamaica, where such an hos-
tility existed against people of colour, Mr. Hall had manfully
come forward, and agreed to give his testimony in support of the
petition. Five Magistrates signed the petition, and one Member
of the House of Assembly. This confirmed the petition, and
Proved that the petitioners were not only good and loyal subjects,
but that they were free from a shadow of blame. Would it be be-
lieved that amongst others the Provost Marshal of Jamaica had
signed the petition, which the Duke of Manchester was inclined to
treat as nothing. The Duke of Manchester states in his de-
spatches, that the affidavits in favour of the petitioners were made
only by creditors, hut it so happened that no creditor had made an
affidavit. A few creditors had signed the petition to the House of
Assembly. It was stated in that petition that the petitioners knew
the accused individuals from their infancy. That they were re-
markable for their good conduct is: trade and in the militia, that
they had acquired the approbation and contidencenf the petitioners,
and had credit with several eminent merchants. The petition also
stated, that the accused had all their property in the
island. The strong facts and expressions contained in this
petition was treated by the Duke of Manchester, to his disgra:e,
without the slightest regard. Well, the petitioners took means
to bring their case before the Supreme Court; they moved for a writ
of Habeas Corpus, and were ultimately discharged. To prove
that they were British born subjects, the testimony of the mother,
of various friends, of their schoolmasters, and their schoolfellows was
resorted to, as well as the baptismal certificates. Besides these
evidences ie bill of the accoucheur was now in his possession, al-
though it had not been produced at the trial. The adverse wit.
nesses swore only to declarations. He begged the House just to
refer to the evidence of one of those witnesses, Eleanor Hynes. Ifer
testimony as to the period of their arrival in the island was falsified
by the certificate in the Custom-house books. She had distinctly,
and beyond a shadow of doubt perjured herself. Now it was not
the false oaths in this case, but from whence did these gross perju.
rim arise? Wu it from private pique, or was it frotn the undue
influence of individuals ? Another of the Crown !Witnesses was
John Steward, the Alien Officer. This man swore that the pe-
titioner had not declared that they were British born subjects fur
several days after their apprehension. Now this would certainly '
lead one to believe that the declaration of being British born sub-
jects was made only as a matter of defence; but what was the
fact—the petitioners were committed on the 7th October. and on
the 6th their petition was presented to the Parliament, distinctly
stating that they were British subjects. It was enough to make the
blood boil to see an officer holding even a subordinate situation
under Government, then lending himself to a deliberate, decided,
and flagitious perjury, as Steward had done. (Hear. hear.) From
circumstances connected with his situation, he could not be igno.
rant that the petition contained this declaration, and yet he was
barefaced enough to swear that no such declaration had been made
by the petitioners for several days after their apprehension. Ano-
ther fact must be added to these—the petitioners themselves were
assailed both by threats, and seductions to induce them to confess
themselves aliens. As he had before stated, the Court of King's '
Bench had Ordered the men to he discharged. They offered bail--.
they took with them six freeho'ders to give bail, but the Chief
Justice of the King's Bench said he required no bail as there was
no charge. In the House of Assembly, Mr. Hector Mitchell
moved for a Secret Committee. This Committee was to inquire
into the guilt or innocence of the parties, and decide thereupon.
Now, would it be believed they bad decided without examining a
single witness for the accused. Such • mode of proceeding was
disgusting. to English ears, accustomed to the forms as well as the
reality of justice. The Secret Committee made a report in which
they stated that they had takes the evidence of certain individuals
inhabitants of Kingston, who had stated that seditious meetings
were held amongst the people of colour, that the petitioners were
natives of St. Domingo, and that they were persons of dangerous
character. 11'ell, upon these statements the Select Committee or-
dered the unfortunate men to be deported to St. Domingo, and the
order was executed with a severity proportionate to its injustice.
This sentence was passed by the Committee after the peti.
timers had been discharged by the Court of King's Bench.
He should be glad to hear upon what principle of law or justice, a
Government could take upon itself to overturn the decision of •
supreme Court of Justice, and substitute a practice abhorrent to
every principle of justice. He was at a loss to know what pallia-
tion, what extenuation could be found fur such a line of conduct ?
Not a moment was allowed them after the order had passed, though
they had offered bail to meet the charge—they had offered the bail
of Magistrates. There was no pretence to prevent them from being
tried. The law of Jamaica was, that a person of colour may be
convicted upon slave testimony, although a white man could not.
The Attorney-General's report on this subject was most disgraceful
to him. He need scarcely say he did not mean his Hon. Friend
the Attorney-General of England, but the Attorney-General of
Jamaica. He (Dr. Lushington) contended, that the Attorney.
General's opinion as to the admissibility of slave evidence, was
most disgraceful to him. for it was clear as day that slave evidence
could be admitted against the petitioners. Well, notwithstanding
this circumstance, the order for the deportation of those individuals
was immediately carried into effect. After the deportation of the
petitioners, some curious evidence was produced against then. A
slave, named Cuaborn, gave evidence against them. Them was a
variance in this man's testimony, which plainly showed how little it
ought to be depended upon. In one part of his evidence he says, he
was introduced to Lamm in September. 1823. for the first time,
whilst in a subsequent part he swears he knew Lacine since he wan
a little boy. It was painful to see the facility with which convic-
tions were brought about, as well as the ability used to produce
them. Three days after conviction individuals were deported. He
should not leave this part of the subject without observing, that
Corbon had since broken from gaol, and was declared a dangerous
person by the House of Assembly. This was the only evidence
relied upon against these individual*. It had been stated that,
upon the arrival of the petitioners, they had been received in the
most friendly manner by the Authorities of St. Domingo, and
were supplied with money. This statement was refuted by the
testimony of Captain Dawkins, who states that he found them to
St. Domingo, where they were repudiated by the Government in
consequence of the proceedings at Jamaica. They were in a state
of destitution until Captain Dawkins tcok them to the English
merchants at St. Domingo, amongst whom a subscription was
made for them. It was so small however that they were reduced
to the necessity of selling their clothes and watches, and in this state
of destitution they returned to England. Captain Chalmers, who
brought them over, was under the necessity of supplying them
with clothes on the voyage. The petitioners had no sooner left St.
Domingo, than Mr. Hector Mitchell arrested two slaves who were
in the employment of hacine. lie offered them 300, and afterwards
000 dollani--lie even promised them their freedom—if they would
give evidence aguinst their master. Upon their refufal so to do,
he confined one of these slaves fur nine months. and another for six
months in the condemned cells. When the Slave Court was held
there the slaves were discharged by proclamadon, as no charge was
made against them. One of these men had arrived in England—he
was ready to be produced—and nu one who could look upon his
emaciated form, after an imprisonment of six months, could doubt
the veracity of his testimony. These details were horrible, for
every principle of humanity was grossly and rudely violated.
There was also a poor Irish boy, a servant of one of the petitioners,
with whom an attempt was made to tamper. This boy was found
wandering about the streets oLKingston, afflicted with an ague and
fever. He was taken home by one of the petitioners, who treated
him kindly and took him into his service. For six years he re-
mained under the roof of this master. When the master was or-
dered to St. Domingo the boy followed him to the vessel, and asked
to share his banishment. This reqlest was refused ; Mk the grate-
ful boy no sooner heard that his master had returned to England,
than he took ship and actually worked his passage over. (Hear,
hear.) There was no Jury'before whom this boy. might not be
Pte
; there was no examination or cross-examination to which
he (Dr. Lushincon) would fear to subject hint, for he was a boy of
wonderously quick comprehension and much talent. It was pain-
ful, but it was his bounden duty to state, that in these proceedings
much blame devolved upon the Duke of 'Manchester. He had not
blirdly acted under the advice of others, but had made himself a
party and approved what had been done. His Grace had stated
that the petitioner were aliens...and that their witnesses were credi.
tors. Ile concluded by observing, that he would not have troubled
the Government with any details on this subject, but that he under.
stood it was their intootion to apply to Parliament. What ! was it
unnecessary, except under the Pert of investigation, to acquaint the
Government with a case, in which, under pretence of sedition, two
men, subjects of Great Britain, were sent from their home and fa-
milies, their property destroyed, and their persona subjected to the
most dissilful bardshipa. lie really trembled et the (wad= ofa

such a system, and at the utter heartlessness which eemed to exist
in this island against persons of colour. He therefore submitted
that the proceedings in this case were wholly unjue itied, that the
conduct of the Duke of Manchister was unjustifiable, and die re.
port of Mr. Berge, the Attorney-General, was a disgrace to any ore
having claim to a character tot integrity. The littlish Parliament
'could not be better employed theh by affording redress to the peti-
tioners. (Hear.) If abuses such as henhad detailed were peon-
erred in, the mind of the free people of colour would he alienated,
and the situation o' the English in the island would be endangered,
as well as the stability of the British power. Under these circum-
stances, no objection could exist to the appointment of a Select
Committee to inquire into those proceedings.
Mr. W. HORTON said it devolved upon him to offer tome ex •
planation di what had fallen from the lion. and Learned Gent', .
man. He labnured under great disadvantages, Lithe subject ie.
volved many judicial questions, with which the Hon. and Leaned
Gentleman was, of course, better acquainted than he (Mr. W.
Horton) could affect to be. When he had the honour of a mover-
tuition with that Hon. and Learned Gentleman he distinctly stated,
that the case did not rest upon she papers' before the House. This
the lion. and Learned Gentleman might have mentioned, and
might also have intinmed the House, that he (Mr. W.-Honon)
was willing to consent to the appointment of a Select Committee,
who would inquire into the subject and do substantial justice. In
common candour the lion. and Learned Gentleman was bound to
mention those facts. He (Mr. W. Hortont did not come forward
to defend the proceedings complained of. He would defend the
Duke of Manchester as time as he had power. (Hear, hear, frau the
Opposition benches.) The Hon. and banned Gentleman bad
commenced by an allusion to the free people of colour, butehis was
a subject which the House could not now conveniently enter. upon.
The people of colour were certainly exposed to certain diequalifies.
tions, but this did not absolve them from their allegiance. The
only question worth considering was, whether the charge of sedition
brought against the petitioners was well founded,. (Hear.) The
entire evidence on which this charge was founded could not be pro-
duced to the House and the public, because much of the evidence
was given in confidence, but the whole could have been
laid before a Secret Committee If the proposal to appoint
one had been acceded to. It was Notorious that feelings
of alarm existed in Jama'ca at the period alluded to. There
was mush excitement amoart the people of free colour,
and they expressed tbentselvm an co very measured languages.
The Honourable and Learned Gentleman had commented with
great force on the conduct of the Attorney-Genets' (Mr. Butte),
but he (Mr. Horton) was authorised to mate, that the opinion of
that Gentleman was quite in unison with the course adopted bmtha
Governor. Persons were not to be accused of improper motives,
and of knowingly and willingly practising the most monstrous scenes
of injustice, without there being sufficient evidence to justify such
accusations. The Attorney-General said, that he not only con-
curred with the Duke of Manchester in his determination to deport
those persons, but that he Was so strongly inclined to such a Mea-
sure, that if the proposition had been onposed by the Secret Com-
mittee, he would have brought it before the Council himself. Sup-
ported arid appealed to in this manner, the Duke of Manchester
thought he was called upon to exercise the power given him, and
to deport those aliens front the country. The evidence taken be-
fore the.Fecret Committee was of that nature, it having been taken
in confidence, that public expediency would not admit of its being
produced ; but if the House should think , proper ti institute an in-
quiry, he would then say, that in justice it must suspend its opi.
noon, and hold the judgment in abeyance till the whole we
should came before it. He begged, however, not to be under-
stood as offering any opposition to a full investigation ; and if
the case whirls had been stated should be proved against
Michell, God forbid that he should stand up its his deter.ce.
But this man must have had ability enough to have blinded the
whole of the Committee, the Council, and the Governor also, if all
that the lion. and Learned Gentleman had stated against him should
be verified. But was the lion. and Learned Gentleman prepmed
to show that these aliens never were engaged. in commerciel inter.
course or consepondence with the island of St. Domingo, and
which was expressly forbidden by the laws of Jamaica v The pe-
titioners sated that they never held any correspondence with St.
Domingo or any other place except Great .Britamn (Hear, hear,
from the opposition benches.) But he knew the contrary to be the
fact ; it w a peeeetly clear sod demonstrable that they were in cam-
municatimi with St. Domingo. The whole case then turned upon
the intentions of the parties, whether they were traitorous or not.
If, in NCI, they were not so, but that they had been treated un-
justly, God forbid that he should attempt to reaisetheit hfforts in
gaining redress. All that he required the House- to do wan, to
keep in mind that the evidence of the Secret Committee was not
before them, and that he was not in a condit•on to analyse it fur
the purpose of meeting the statenneet of the Hon. and,.Lemaci
Gentleman, and that therefore they ought in fairness to suspend
their judgment till the case was more. fully known. The Hon. and
Learned Gentleman had mated that ose of the most mitten:al points
which he had to bring forward was respecting the privilege papers
which were supplied to one of the individuals. He had seated.that
these papers were supplied to them upon any occamion, .whectreer
application was made tor them. and that dry had.got these papers
which could rot and muld not have been o,ritved to,hem,tls sh ins,
if any doubts remained on the minds of the Council on that autb-
ject He would beg, however, re read irons a document which bad
been furnished hint, in which it was stated, that. although these
privilege papers were only granted to those persons who were born
In the islaed, yet certiflatres wero frequently granted to persons
who were known to he all ms. He only mentioned this in confir-
mation of the testimony of the lion, and Learned Gentleman. .
Dr. LI'SHINGTON asked from what dccement it was the
Hon. Member was reading.
Mr. HORTON.—He was stating this from a letter, and upon
,the authority of the A ttorney.Generain Mn. Usti*. •(ttese, tear.
bear, Lent the Opposition Benches.) Rut did the' Hon. and
Learned Member mean to deny the authority of Me. Burge ? Was
it true or not that these privilege pipets w.re given as matters bf
course or not, till after the birth of the parties had been inquired
into? It had been stated that with respect to the evidence given
before the Court of Justice, many of the witnesses bad been me-
rested in the mitten to which they had to beer bestimony. This,
however, was an assertion of the Hen. and Leaned Gentleman,
to which he (Mr. Horton) had to oppose the assertion contained in
the document before hint. In that paper it was represented that
on the trial the opinion of the Chief Justice was, that the testi.
mony as to the parties being aliens or not was conflicting, and ac.
cordingly be thought it proper to allow the evidence in favour of
the prlannere being flat wee to p evail. With regard to the manner
in which these incividusla had been conveyed to St. Domingo, and
the treatment they had experienced when there, all that he could
say was not at present sufficient evidence belbre the House to
enable them to speak with certaimy. But the question after all
resolved itself imo Mies wee it or was it not necessary for Ih2 Duke
of Manchester to act upon the advice of the Secret Committee and
the Council to put in force the Alien Act? and would he not have In.
tuned a responsibility if be had refused to do so, which a person
in his situation ought not to incur under any circumstances,
much lees when the evidence upon which that advice was given so
strongly favoured the presumption that the parties were aliens ?
If the Hon. and Learned Gentleman choose to say that the Secret
Committee of the House of Assembly, consisting of nine indivi-
duals, had agreed to encourage false testimony, with a view to
bring down the judgment of the law upon these parties without
hearing evidence—if he meant to pay that the Council would give
way to that Committee in a manner without parallel, and then, and
above all if he intended to say that the Duke of Mancester was also
induced to bring in the aid of the executme power, and acting upon
the alien law to deport them individuals, then he would say, that
the Hon. and Learned Gentleman had made out a good case, anti
proper to be inquired into. But leaving the opinion of the House
in abeyance upon these points, for want of sufficient evidence, and
considering the state of feeling which exis ed in a colony where
there were no lese than 36,000 men of colour forming part of the
free population, and only 20.000 whites ; and considering, the
consequences which a want of vigour on the part of the executive
power must have produced, he must infer that if the House did not
take into considtraticet all these conflicting points, it would be an
act of injustice to the parties concerned. Under these circumstances,
and aatisiied with the diepoei.io I of the Duke of Manchester to
exercise his authority prope ly, he could not agree to any censure
upon that Noble individual. tie relied upon a full and satisfac-
tory answer being furnished when the whole of the evidence should
be before the House, and in the mean time he would le..ve it to the
House to determine whether the lion. and Learned Iletitleman hid
established the least crimirali y on the part of the Noble Duke, on
whose honour and conscie: tious regard foe the discharge of his pub-
lic duty no direct imputation existed.
Mr. SCARLETT observed that the Hon. Gentleman who had
just sat down had spoken as ifs personal charge had been brought
against the Duke of Blanchester; but the pronesition of his lion.
and Learned Friend (Dr. Luehington) was oily f • inquiry. It
appeared to him that the Duke of elancheeter roteht prolati y have
been misled, but he understoed the argument ot hie Honourable
and tamed Friend rather applied to other individuals than to the
Noble Duke, who, he was sure, could not have any other desire than
that of doing justice to all persons. The Hon. Gentleman opposite
had said that the documents upon which the Duke of Manchester
had acted were not before the House, and therefore they could rot
cone°
a to faoirbsanervdePrtrthoopsienidooneuuPomennttshewchaieh case; but
he
o bet mast
appeared to throw great suspicion as to the manner in which the
Duke obtained the other additional evidence. He had taken the
pains to look over the proceedings, and the affidavits on both sides
of this case, and he was not ashamed to confers, that as one of the
individuals concerned was a near relation of his own. he felt a
ast be
allowed thrum
great anxiety to see whether he had drawn a correct conclusion on
the case. The evidence, as it struck hint, was very strong io fa-
vour of the prisoners (hear, hear). The strongest evidence against
',seine was given by his sister, who stated that her brother was
born out of the island. There was the affidavit of Rose Manly.
who stated that she met the sister of Lacine, and asked her
how it was, as she knew her brother was born in the island
she had sworn that he was an alien ; to which she replied,
she had been induced to do so by Mr. Billgrave, who hail,
offered her money in order to prevail upon her. There was mat
the affidavit of 11, rancts Robert Palmer, who stated that in len
Billgrave informed him that 'Anne was a native of the Island.
The affidavit of Billgrave wax the only one in the Court which
opposed the rule for a Habeas Corpus to bring up these individual',
and yet, although the affidavits of Rose hi y and F. Palmer dis-
closed the above facts, how came it that those who opposed the do:-
charge of these persons dui not explain the contents of those affi-
davits ? They never got any affidavit of Lichee herself, although
she had charged Billgrave with a most serious silence, that of
offering her money to make her swear against her own bro-
ther'; and yet upon these tarts the Attorney-General—whom
lie had not the pleasure of knowing personally; and he should
he extremely sorry that any thing slintinl Mom from Wm which
should seem to nupute to that Gentlemau any ill-attention;
ha should suppose, tberoisro, that what be salmi Mn the paper

' .
before the House to be a misapprehension • but the Attorney.
General said that the Court, as he was informed, drew up an
opinion, in which they stated they conceived their judgment in
'granting the Habeas Corpus was not conclusive, and that the
Council cook'. reverse it, in case it was erroneous. He proceeded
en state that there could be no doubt that the Court, by granting
the Habeas Corpus. had as little private reason for so doing as
(they bed in not taking any notice of the affidavit of Mr. Mitchell
(which affidavit, by-the-bye, did not erste any one of the facts on
which the Court had to decide), or the affidavit of Mr. Biligrave.
Why, the affidavit of Mr. Billgrave could not have been taken
without that person's perjuring himself. The whole statement of
the Attorney-General scented to throw discredit on the affidavits
on behalf of the prisoners, and to aid those which opposed them.
The object of the Attorney-General was in feet to apologize for not
awing fuller testimony of these prisoners being foreigners. It was
We opinion that if the case of the Duke of Manchester were left to
lest single en the affidavits. it would be much better than to'rely
1111 the dims of the Attorney-General, which if it were struck out
: would be much more serviceable to the Noble Duke.
' • said, that further evidence had been taken before the
Mee ; but he did not find that the persons accused
' had an opportunity to appear before the Secret Committee
. hear.) This he thought was erroneous. What would be
t in this country if, after an acquittal in a Court of Justice.
. v Committee of this House should be appointed, who
sat Only enter into further evidence, but should proceed
.111' ton these very persons, and actually to deport them ?
• 'av, hear.) But surely there would be no objection to make
ism the evidence as to the alienage of those a ; but if the
: oa. Gentleman (Mr. Horton) would say doe erri:idi:l ence of she-
' Ws was so mixed up with the evidence of etowspirecv, that it could
• Wields safety be produced, he must of cause_ give him credit for
the stennoint But be owned he could awl beep saying, that here
eras ses amid aside wise House at Conapsso, by men who, if
their nasal f were correct, were the meet oppressed men he ever
• • bad bond of: (Hear, hear.) Look at Ode situation, separated
•• '*our delflewives sad families, their home and their country, with-
' 4141/61111610s Of Li as
; for what would it avail them to appeal
Duke of Manchester ? But this House,
ti slal isareolliatee of justice to all parts of the empire, making no
ellsdnesbasof rank or complexion, ought to extend its protection
over SW of its subjects, and to bring the highest office's°,
Gov
aui,
*aka where their conduct demanded It. Them
is& erbooo awe was now before the House. could not ex.
Pat Men with justice in Jamaica. Who could be expo:tulle
r • and speak in favour of these persons in that island ?
i Ides elm No, this Rouse must do it. If this Committee wine op-
• .to asstst the oppressed, vindicate those who had boss *p-
leated wrong. and who had made out a prima facie assr.."" having been done them ; a further inquiry would de
good. It would have • great effect in promoting satin.
!sedan hi the colony, and of abating those prejuces which res-
isted between the white population and the men of colour. He had
moon ts know histerically that such was the effect of laws which
went to Imagine the native population of the colonies that In this
country they had a protecting power to which they might resort for
*dee. When the Act which empowered the natives to hold an
equal rank with the whites in the militia was first introduced, it
met with great opposition, bat it had since given great satisfaction
to the men of colour in that island, and had inspired them with a
confidence which dispersed a hott of prejudices that had previously
existed on the subject.
Mr. Secretary CANNING thought, by looking at the evidence
now before them, which was so decided and satisfactory with re-
spect to some parts of the case to which it referred, and judging
-from the statement of his Hon. Friend (Mr. Horton), who said
there was evidence yet producible on the subject, that it would bet-
ter Tee the justice of the case and the feelings of this House, for
him to consent to the institutisn of an inquiry. In giving this con-
sent, however, he must be allowed to say, that the proposition
made by his Hon. and Learned Friend who introduced the debate,
so far as the Duke of Manchester was concerned in the charges con-
taiowl in this case, was, that the prisoners being British subjects,
he bad treated them as aliens only could be treated under the law
of Jamaica, was a fact which was capable of proof, though he
would admit that the want of proof was no disproof of the fact. The
Noble Duke having stated that he was prepared now, as well as at
the first, to meet this charge fairly before a Jury of this
country, he (Mr. Canning) thought be had done every thing
that could be required of him, and that this circumstance
was a strong presumption in his favour respecting not only his con-
but von cons*ntions opinion that that conduct was
• with his duty. That he should have made
first was sufficient to entitile hint to the
only from a sense of duty but he (Mr.
e Duke was much more entitled to a liberal
lion of Ina motives when he made this offer,
eh the circulation of the case in all its ex-
of the people of this country; because he
-severe retrospective view of his own con-
motives, but also as to the judgment and
conduct, was grounded. The Hoo. sod
S.), however, had taken advantage of the
iriend, that further inquiry was necessary
antheater's own sake, and had declassed other
With those other reasons the Duke of
whatever to do. The Hon. and Learned
that it was very probable the Duke hod
sat was matter to be examined into and
e had no right to presume at present to be
a inquiry, it should appear that the Duke
thought, if he had so acted, it was. because
...s so 1.. his Counsel, and because his own judgment
.... deluded,..._ ..4 from any motives that were at a!l improper
or unworthy the high and responsible situation which he tilled.
Undoubtedly it had been so generally thought that the question
ifficatid be Investigated, that the legal Commissioners who had been
heat but to Jamaica received instructions to investigate all the facts
of the case, and to report their opinions. Uader these circumstan-
ces
was he not justified in maintaining, that no further measures up
'to that time were demanded by the necessity of the case ? If the
House pursued the courses recommeedech by the Hon. and Learn-
ed Gentleman, the offer made by the Duke of Manchester could not
be accepted: not that he meant to say that an inquiry of that rm.
tore, however calculated to disclose in the clearest and most une-
quivocal manner all the circumstances in which his Grace himself
Was personally concerned, would have the complete effect of throw-
ing nfficient light on all the other circumstances which it might be
desirable to have fully developed. With such views of the subject,
he might perhaps not have objected ro the enquiry, bad it been
brought forward at a period of the session when it would have been
practicable before the prorogation to bring the investigation to a
close. But when he considered the distance at which it was neves-
airy to hold communication for the purpose of obtaining evidence,
and the delays unavoidably attendant upon the measures requisite
tor acquiring it. he could not consent to the time at which it was
proposed the inquiry should commence. His objection woe wee as
to time, and he therefore had no difficulty in sesislas ilia fiels. and
Learned Gentleman, that so soon as the evidence could be obtained,
.fIJ soon as the Report of the C'ommissioners should have arrived
—ao soon as there were the means of investigating fully the circum-
stances of the case, he would consent to the proposed inquiry He
would then put it to the justice and good feeling of the ouse,
whether, with such an assurance being made—whether, wit such
incomplete means of enquiry within their reach, they would
proceed in the course which the Honourable and Learned Gentle.
roan recommended, and heighten still further feelings already
but too much excited. On the one hand, they bad the recorornea-
dstion of the Honourable and Learned Gentleman to proceed with
an inquiry which could be brought to no perfect or satisfactory
conclusion, and on the other, they had his assurance that in the
next Session of Patliament, when the proceeding could be really
carried on with effect there should be an inquiry institu. ed ; it was
under such circumstance. for the House to choose. If their
opinion should be, that his proposition was just and reasonable,
they would, he thought, also consider it fair not to continue the
debate any further.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, that he rose for the purpose of re.
questing his Hon. and Learned Friend ( Dr. Luthington), who so
properly, so justly, so ably recommended the inquiry to accede to
the otters of the Rht Hon. Gentleman opposite (Mr. Secretary
Canning), for the House and the country then had a distinct and
positive promise that the matter was not to rest there, but was to
WMe under their immediate consideration early in the ensuing Ses-
sion. Faro, he would recommend his Hon. and Learned Friend
to agree to that proposal, because they were then so near the end of
the Session. that the evidence could not arrive from the West Indies
before the sittinniliParliament should have closed; and secondly,
be would reco, him to adopt the proposed arrangement, con.
celving it to be perfectly consistent with the opinion which he (Dr.
Lushingtoc) had expressed upon the subject. Besides there was
nothing to fear : they were-by the explicit pledge of the Right Hon.
Gentleman opposite to have a Committee at all events. He„,was
favourable to postponement on another ground—if they proceeded
upon such evidence alone as they had then before them, Ms Grace
the Duke of Manchester would stand convicted and condemned ;
whereas if the time required were but granted, the Noble Duke
would have the means of vindicating himself from the very serious
oharges which had been preferred against his official character sod
conduct- They had it in evidence that his Grace had deported
these men, and that noble person was bound to shew that he had
ine so on sufficient and justifiable grounds, else he should stand.
a ondemned, and sentence must peas. But by his Honourable
old Learned Friend's acceding to the proposition made by
-ale Right Honourable Secretary (Mr. Canning), opposite, the '
semis would be afforded to the Duke of Manchester of vindicating
nit character from the charge which would otherwise attach to it.
Lle then proceeded to notice the several affidavits which had been
'orn in the case, and a Lich, he contended, were more than suf.
bchit to show that a strong case had been made out against the,
Noble Duke, to show that the parties irtjured were not aliens as had'.
bren ia.sumed, but actually born in Jiunaica. Nothing was more
tiatoundtst than in say that it was a case of conflicting testimony,
me. in 'MU', there was no pa rt of it which made in favour of Air
accused party i it was all on nee side. But he would pursue that,
topic no further ,• it would be entering into the merits 44 the cast'
which he wished to avoid. His only object was, to enter a
Znirral protest aglow the general statement which had boa'
e* boy ought to he satisfied, he had no hesitatimi in
erring,they with the ausurance, that early in the ensuing
n.Y should have the means of pursuing the investigation will)
mt."' and that in the interim every pains should be used to
irue the materials necessary to the object in view. He wished,
n ,I,Y. to mute to the House that there were then lo London two
f-,.„.."4"1". who had been Merchants, and most respectable meas.
erg of that most respectable class. Those Gentlemen rem toss
xn thump,
They and were remaining here at very considerable mime.
'aft two witnesses for the prosecutioo, and yet .
suPP"ted by pinata charity. Here it was necessary they .
sremily. j aroma was too distaut a place for Rune to teturn bee

would it be safe for them under existing circumstances. He there-
fore thought they should be provided for.
Mr. Secretary CANNING interposed to make a few observa-
tions in a very low tone of voice, the purport of which was under-
stood to be, that the Duke of Manchester had consented to facilitate
any legal suit which might be instituted against him.
Mr. BROUG /I A3I resumed, by saying that he was not aware
of any actual waiver of the Noble Dole's exemption having been
made by any men of business on hie behalf. He could not help,
however, saying, that the offer was something of the latest. He
trusted, that under all the circumstances of the ease, no prejudice
would be excited, as the course suggested was the. best, and per.
has, the only one which could be adopted.
Alr. DICKENSON complained of the terms in which the pro-
ceeding had been brought forward.
After a few words from Sir F. OM AIANNEY,
Mr. SYKES observed, that the merchants who were in Landon,
as witnesses, should have to slay here a year longer, and the other
witnesses in Jamaica would be exposed to all the temperinga and
negotiations of the agents of interested persons in the Colony, and
these considerations, he thought, sufficient ground for the House
to go at once into the inquiry. However, though such were
his views, he felt bound to submit to the better judgment of
the.Houss. As to the merchants then in London, from Jamaica,
he thought they ought to be put in a condition to maintain them.
selves.
After a few words from • Member' whose name we could not
learn, and an observation from Mr. BROUGHAM, in explanation,
Dr. LUSHINGTON rose to reply. He began by adverting in
terms of extreme contempt, to something which had fallen is the
early part of the debate, but the exact tenor of which was not dis-
tinctly understood. He repelled the charge of having lost any time
in bringing the petition then before the House ; lie took the mem-
ssry steps. With regard to the propsal which had been made by
the Right Hon. Gentleman opposite, he would freely accede to it;
but he thought the House were bound to consider the destitute con-
dition of the witnesses who canoe over to this country on behalf of
the prosecution, and make provision for them. The inquiry had
then been proposed for two Sessions sutcessively, and he Aid rely
upon the honour of Government. that a full, fair, has, and men.
plete investigation should be instituted. He wished solidest
evidence on both sides to be obtained. He asked foe justice and
nothing more.
A Member ander the gallery then mad* some obseroMMaa,
which were perfectly inaudible, when—
Mr. Secretary CANNING again rose for the purpose of saying
that he thought it necessary to say a few words to the House, on
the subject of the support which was required for the two individu-
als at present in London, as witnesses. He could not agree to
setting such an example as bearing the expenses of those men
would prove. If they turned ow to be the guilty accusers of an in-
' nocent man, what a precedent it would be to hare them supported
' by the Government.
The petition was then wlthdtawn.
When the precedingconversation terminated,
Mr. C. H. HUTCHINSON rose, but in consequence of the
noise which prevailed in the gallery, scarcely a word which fell
from him could be heard; he was understood, however, to nuke
some request about the postponement of the third reading of the
Distillery Bill.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER agreed to post-
pone it until Monday.
ASSIMILATION OF THE CURRENCY.
The Bill for Assimilating the Currency of the United Kingdom
was read a third time and passed.
BOUNDARIES OF TOWNLANDS (IRELAND).
The Townlsnds Boundaries Bill was also read • third time and
passed.
OFFICES PENSION BILL.
On the motion that the House resolve itself into a Committee on
this Bill.
Mr. HOBHOUSE declared that he differed from the principle
of the measure. He did not think it necessary to enter into any
detail, but he could not allow the measure to pass through the
House without protesting against the grounds laid for it on a former
occasion by the other side of the House.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said, it would not affect the fund
which was formerly conuimplated, as a means of giving pensions
to the officers of the Board of Control. His reason for assenting
to the present Bin was, that he might remedy the consequence of
his opposition as President of the Board of Control is iglu, to
the introduction of a Bill for, paying these persons out of the reve-
nues of the East India Company.
The Bill then went through a Comtr.ittee.—Reportto-metrow.
BUCKINGHAM HOUSE BILL.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved the
second reading of this Bill.
Mr. BANKES expressed his regret at the intended alterations
of Buckingham House. He did not think that any alterations
could sufficiently improve that building for the purposes for which
it was intended. If the public money was to be expended, it
would surely be much better that it should be laid out in the erection
of a princely residence, the slid of which might be Hyde Park, or
the Regents Park, end which should be at once suitable to the
dignity of the Crown and the importance of the nation.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER admitted it was
highly desirable that such a residence should be built fee the
Sovereign, as would at once be suitable to the dignity of the
Crown, the convenience of the subject, and an ornament to the
metropolis. But the question was how this would best be ac-
.complished ? It was may to cast one's eyes about, and point at
this favourable situation and that, and write
.pamplliets about it ;
but for his part he had Dever se any one summon as yet Per-
fectly free from objet ion on the score of public inconvenience.
With respect to Hyde Park, that he conceived to be objectionable ;
for it appeared it was not supposed that it was only necessary to
build a comfortable residence for the Monarch, but the idea of •
Royal Palace was contemplated, which should afford accommoda-
tion also for the Ambassadors and great Officers of State. (Cries
of " No, No !") This dissent of Hon. Gentlemen showed how
difficult it was to understand what was the expectation on the sub.
ject. He bad examined the designs of Inigo Jones for a royal
palace, which were the most magnificent lie bad seen. But for the,
objects which he had in view, it would be extremely inconvenient
that so large a space as Hyde Park should be taken away from the
public. Kensington was certainly a beautiful situation, but it was
inexpedient for many reasons. With respect to the Regent's Park,
the distance might appear to many people Inconsiderable ; but one
or two miles a day would be found a most inconvenient distance,
taking one day with another. As to the particular site of Bucking.
ham House, the vees by which it was envlroned offered a great
advantage, as obviating the evil of being overlooked. But
if they were required to pull that down, and build up another
in some other part of the Park, he feared they would be
in some difficulty for want of sufficient room. There was no
spot which was free from objection. If they built it on the
top or the side of the hill they might have • magnificent °Wed,
although not altogether a comfortable one. It would be very easy
to makes handsome facade, which would render Buckingham House
by no means an unsightly object to the public eye. In matters
of taste, fifty plans might be fixed upon without a general concur.
rence in any one. A change of some kind was necessary Mr the
King's individual comfort, for it was not from any capricious desire
in his Majesty to leave Carlton Palace which he had so long dwelt
in that this proposition was now made. The wish to part company
was entirely on the other side, the house being more disposed to
leave his .Majesty, than his Majesty to leave it. (A laugh.) The
lower part of Carlton Palace tonsisted originally almost en.
tirely of offices. His Majesty had converted them into rooms
in which he lived, and the addition of doors and windows where
they had not been before had weakened the floor above so much,
that when his Majesty had any considerable company, it be.
came necessary to hare props, which were actually put up in the
rooms inhabited ordinarily by his Majesty. Neither had the Palace
been furnished for these thirty years. Even if they were, as mg-
gestea, to build a Palate at the expense of a million and a half,
the King must live somewhere in the mean while. Carlton Palace,
at the same time, would not be lost. It would be necessary .to
leave some suitable residence in case there should be a Queen
Dowager or an Heir Apparent in want of one. Nothing could be
more shabby than the way in which the Princess of Wales
had latterly been lodged. Leicester House--he knew not where
it was; but that was once the abode of Royalty. The Right
Honourable Geatleman could not say what would be done with
the ground of Carlton Palace, but he thought it might be ap-
hplied to the reduction of the expense of Buckingham House. As
e said on a former occasion, it would be desirable to bring to that
spot the National-Gallery of Pictures, and the Academy of Paint-
ing. Bringing the statues from the Strand to Pall-mall would be
most desirable. The old, infirm, and gouty, were at present de-
nied the pleasure of seeing those statues in consequence of the
situation, and be hailed with delight the prospect which was opened
of gratifying all ranks and classes of his .Majesty's subjects.
Buckingham House was desperately dirty, and some expense was
required, but according to the proposed plan, they might make his
Majesty one of the finest euitelif apartments in the world. The
expense to make it complete would be about 200,0001.
Air. HOBHOUSE was pleased with the plan of the Right
Hon. Gentleman, and he merely rose to ask whether a line of
buildings, according to the plan of a Mr. Nash, was to be erected
in the Birdeage-walk ? Unless be heard such was not die intention
of Government he should move to amend the Bill, by excluding
such a plan. The Inhabitants on the spot had been alarmed by the
report, and his hope was, that the Right lion. Gentleman would
give ham the same assurance he gave to the Member for Winchil.
sea the other sight, namely, that there was to be no encroachment
on the Park.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said the subject
alluded to by the lion. Gentleman had nothing to do with the Bill.
It was natural that ingenuity should be at work with respect to
plans, but he did not know they were to be acted upon. He was
sensible of the value- of open spaces, and was not aware of any al-
teration like that to which the Hon. Member had alluded.
Ala R. COLBORNE expressed his approbation of the plan
stated by the Right Hon. Gentleman.
The Bill was then read the second time.
Mr. BANKES objected to grant so large a sum as 200,0001.
for the-repairs of a very paltry palace, when a large and magni-
ficent one might be erected for the sum of 500,0001. lie thou&
there was a great degree of inconsistency in the observations of the
Right Hon. Gentleman (the Chancellor) who bad stated that bet
intended to derive • ground rent from Carlton House, and yet lean'
an open space where that house at present stood.
The-CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER observed in Ms
ply, that there was no inconsistena in the remarks he had maiehl
on the subject to which the Hoff.-Member ha 4 referred. A me.
siderabie portion of the ground was now covered by low and no.
sightly houses, inhabited chiefly by his Majesty's household. Of
course those would come down. He thought he should be able to
convinse his Hon. Friend of his ability to combine the two desirable
objects, namely, leaving an open space to a considerable extent
and yet to dative • round rent for the purpose be Led alludedto •
• : • •

BRITISH PRESS.

! He had very narrowly inspected the premises, and had come to
this conclusion after considering it very maturely.
The Bill was then reads second time, and waa ordered to be
committed to-rflerrOW.
SCOTCH JUDICA TU Rr: B I LI,.
The Scotch Judicature Bill was read a thin! time and passed.
BUBBLE ACT.
The Buhhle Act wens.through a Committee.
On the motion that, te Mass Blower's Bill be now committed,
Mr. C. HUTCH INlsOlsi said that he should reserve the decla-
ration of his sentiments upon this Bill tilt the third reading. The
Mill wilt of so much importance that a deputation of (Hass Blowers
had fek it necessary to conic over from Ireland on the subject.
The Bill then act through a Committee, and the report was
ordered to be received on Monday.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the House
adjourned at a quarter past one o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, THIS DAY.
NOTICE OF MOTION.
Mr. Chancellor of dre Exchequer—To insert Appropriate
Clause, in Committee, on Surplus of Grants Bill.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
Wrongous 1 mpri.onment Bill—Further Consideration of Report.
• PQO( Relief (Ireland) Bill—Second Reading.
County Transfer of Land Bill—Committee.
Coirersities Police Bili—Committee.
Customs Consolidation Act—Ftirther Consideration of Report.
Court of King's Bench Bill—Third Reading.
Court of Common Pleas Bill—Third Reading.
Judges Salaies 13411—Third Reading.
Indictments Removal Bill—Second Reading.
, Customs Bounties Bill—Further Conaideration of Report.
. passage Vessels Regulation 11111—Third Reading.
Writs of Error Ball—Committee.
Bank Tokens (Ireland) Bill Report.
Apothecaries Hill—Committee.
of Giants Bill—Comaiittre.
• Lands Exchange Bill—Cor
=Trade Bill—.Corornittee.
Weds t Ireland%

gmkr-sur
PR I CES 0F BRITISH
Bask Stock 231 i
1 per Cent. Red. 90 e
II per I ent. Cone.
lh tte Acct. 91
3.1 per Cent. 97i

PRICES OF FOREItiN
Brazilian Bonds 82
Ditto Scrip 1 dis
Ditto Acct. lf dis
Buenos Ayres Bonds 1112
Colombian Bonds 86
Ditto Bonds (182.1) 864 7 4 7
Ditto Acct. 84 7 4 7
Danish Bonds 1024
Ditto Scrip (1825) J 4 dis
Diao Acct.. dis
French Renter 3 pr Ct. 101 f. 60c.
101?.
Exchange 25f. 10e.
Greek Bonds 48
Ditto Acct. 484
Ditto Scrip (1823) 104 it 4 dis
Ditto Aect. 101 dis '

and Raiding.
_ISCKS YESTERDA V.
Si per Cent. Red. 971
Ex. Bills, lid. I.OOOL 37 pat
Ditto, 11011/. 37 39 pm
Ditto, Small 37 40 pm
Lottery Tickets, 111. 19s.

STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Mexican Bonds 76
Ditto Acct. 75j
Ditto Scrip (1625) 34 3 dis
Ditto Acct..3l j k 3 2/ dis
Neapolitan Bonds
Ditto Acct.
Peruvian Bonds
Ditto Acct. 73/
Dia° Scrip (1625) 5 dis
Portuguese Bonds 88
Prusiian Bonds
Ditto Bonds (1822) 102 Lt
Russian Bonds 951 /
Ditto Acct. 951
Spanish Cons. 24 1 /
Ditto Acct. 241
Ditto Cons. 0823) 12/

PRICES OF S&IARIS 4136TERDA Y.
111111411.
ehpre. Paid. Premium per share.
--a CIAO 26 874 8.6 ve
100 A 24 6f 34
60 7 tii
..... 100 4 9
109 0 8494 10 144
100 0 21 224
6 Al
00 2
...... 260 124 20 40
40 4 9
Manganese 9B 2 14
Pasco Peruvian lOO 0 13 191 13 f 144 13f
Potosi, La Pas, and Peruvian 30 i 141 6f 7
Royal Irish 1 9.16 I des
South Wales lOO 2 die
United Alesican 4O 20
Ditto New 4O 10 24 251

on and Coal

tAIIOTTIOISD
Milieu and Perur
Cobalt and Cor
Famatina .

DANISH FIVE PER CENT. LOAN OF 3,000,0001.
THE HALF-YEARLY DIVIDEND WARRANTS,
due 30th June, 1025, of DANISH FIVE PER CENT.
BONDS, itt Pounds Sterling and Marks Bamo, forming part of
the above Loan, will be paid at the Counting-house of Messrs.
B. A. Goldschmidt and Co 5, Great St. Efelen'tapassage, Bishop's-
gate-street, on THURSDAY, the 30th inst. and every succeeding
day, between the hour* of Ten and Two o'clock ; and the Holders
are requested to leave the Dividend Warrants at thrir Office, with
Lists thereof, numerically arranged, at least one day previous to
payment, in order that they may he examined.

Witt inrittolt iprosfS.

DRURY-LANE THEATRE.
This Evening, FRIDAY. June 17, Will be performed
WILLIAM TELL.
The Principal Characters by Messrs. Macready, Wallach. Archer sad
Knight; Mesdames Bunn. Yates, Pover, and Clara rieher
After which the Pastoral Ballet of
THE ItOSSIGNOL:
Or, THE BIRD IN THE BUSH.
The Principal Characters by Mr. and Mrs. Noble, ke.
To conclude with MONSIEUR TONSON.
Monsieur *whim', Mr. Gatti,.

COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.
TbLe Evening. FRIDAY, June 17. will be peiturmed
THE SCHOOL OF REFORM.
Robert Tyke. Mr. Rayner.
After which THE MILLER
arAN
leyD HIS MEN.
Grindeff, Mr. F.

HAYMARKET THEATRE.

This Evening, FRIDAY, June 17, will be perfumed
LOVE LAUGHS AT LOCI SMITHS. -
Risk. Mr. W. West.
After which PIGEONS AND CROWS.
Sir Peter Pirviggin, Mr. Upton.
To conelede with
TWO STRINtiS 'l'o YOUR BOW.
• Lazar!llo,, Mr. Liston; Donna Clara. Madame Vestals.
ROYAL GARDENS. VAUXHALL.
UNDER THE ESPECIAL PATRONAGE OF HIS MAJESTY.
The hole of the splendid Entertainments, which so much delighted
the elegant Assemblage of Rank and Fashion on Monday and Wed-
nesday Nights, will be Repeated This Evening. FRIDAY, Um 17th
of June, with additional brilliancy. The Gardens will be most
superbly Illuminated, and the Amusements will be In coastant suc-
cession from Eight till Twelve u•Clock, when the admired Artist,
Chevalier Southby, will exhibit a surprising Display of Fire Works,
amidst which the Young American will Ascend and Descend the Tight
Rope, surrounded by a novel and magnificent blaze of fiery splendor.
Doors open at Seven.—Admission, 3s. 611.

The Barn= Pew commenced publishing yesterday morning
at live o'clock.

LONDON, FRIDAY. JUNK 17, 1821.

The Session of the French Chambers for the present
year was closed on Monday, when they met to be prorogued.
The Royal Ordinance having been read, the Deputies rose
and separated, with cries of " Vice le Rui." The specula-
tions as to the continuance of M. vs VILLEI.E'S power
may now be fairly considered at an end. The President
of die Council has completely triumphed over all his
enemies, and possessing, as he evidently does, the full
confidence of the KING, his administration will probably
be of long duration. As Englishmen we have no reason
to wish for its abridgment. Whatever faults belong to
the internal system of the French Government, M. at
VILLELE, we believe, is sincerely desirous of maintaining'
tLe general ponce of the civilised world; and he is un-
questionably, with all his errors, financial and political,
the ablest and most intelligent leader of the Royalist
party. The course he advised respecting the Coronation
oath has had effects highly beneficial to the tranquillity of
the country over which he presides. The present insti-
tutions of France are now solemnly recogniaed, and im-
moveably established. Property is regarded as inviolably
secure ; and the new interests growing ont of the revolu-
tionary changes, feel themselves at last perfectly safe under
the voluntarily pledged faith of the reigning Monarch. On
the other hand, the ancient Noblesse have been satisfied with
an indemnity for their confiscated estates, not as ample a
compensation as they desired and perhaps were entitled to
receive, but as much as, all circumstances considered, they
could rationally expect. These are the results of M. DI
%Tit-UZI-ell administration as far as it has gone, and they

are nal al gin Aim a just claim to the emineose he
passion.
The undivided attention of the Continent is now directed
towards the vast countries rising to greatness across the
Atlantic. The King of NAP tits has appointed a Consul
for the United States. The Colombian cruisers in the Me-
, 41.4promp ibr Ipsaigla coast to bath an eaten& as

-•.-
' effectually to blockade it. They attack the vessels under
the guns of the forts, and drive them to take refuge by
running themselves ashore. The communication between
Cadiz and the African coast is entirely cut off, and the
garrison of 'Ceuta will soon be absolutely destitute of sup-
plies for their maintenance. It is quite clear that the
Spitnish Government cannot for any considerable period
hold out against the recognition of the New States. The
war is coming upon Spain herself. It is no longer a remote
contest, but an evil directly affecting every individual in
the Peninsula.
The following are extracts froze the Paris Papers re-
ceived last night :
] From the Journal de Paris of Tuesday, 14th June.]
P•RIS, JUNE 13.
Our correspondent at Augsburgh informs ns that M. de Tatis-
cheff has just passed through the 'nude°, Germany, travelling with
great expedition on his way from Paris to Warsaw, where he hopes
m tied the Emperor Alexander, to whom he carries despatches
which are said to be very important.
The Journal of the two Sicilies announces that the King, in
order to encourage his subjects to trade with the New World, has
appointed Count Fernando Lucchesi Ptah de Campo Franoo to
be Neapolitan Consul in the United States of Amenca. He will
reside at Washington, and will have a salary of 2400 ducats. This
will be the first time that the Neapolitan Government will have a
consular agent in America.
[From the Coerrier Francais of Tuesday.]
GIBRALTAR, 31AT 28.
(PRIVATE CORREIPONDEPTCE,)
The Colombian force, which has successively appeared on these
mess, consists of a brig and several schemers, besides a consider.
alliletsember of privateers. The ships of war cruise from Cape St.
Warne to Cape de Gate. Some privateers cruise in thesame parts t
1411111 have penetrated far into the Mediterranean, and hover all
slag the Spanish coast as far as Barcelona, so that they keep it in
sekenner blockaded. The number of vessels that they have cap-
tained within a week, off Cadiz, Algesiras, Malaga, dm is very con-
sliasible, and most of them hal rich cargoes. The Colombians in
=treat well those who fall into their halide: often they content
yes with taking only a part of the cargo.
.•The day before yesterday one of the Colombian schooners in
sight of tiibraltar, pursued a Spanish Guards Costa, even under
dr gars of Algeciras, Some small ships of war in the Roads of
Algestras were so alarmed, on the appearance of the Independenta.
Shwa they fled precipitately into the river Pasmona, where some of
Ilmai ran aground.
The Colombians have entirely rut off the communication between
Cadiz and Ceuta, which latter place will be in a desperate situation
if this state of things should continue.
A Spanish refugee here has just received from Madrid the follow.
ing tariff seat him by one of his friends, who tells him that all the
refugees, stained as they are, may become white as snow by arrang-
ing on the following terms with the Purificators :
Purification of a Lieut.-General - 200 piatti!as
Of a Major-General - 160
Brigadier - - 150
Colonel . . - 100
75
rm

Major . .
4'aptain 80
Lieutenant - • - - 30
A similar tariff Is fixed for the purification of Civil Officers.
(From the Floik, dated Wednesday. June 15.1
The Gazette of the lonian Islands contains the Act of the lonian
Parliament, establishing the power and the jurisdiction of the eccle-
siastical hierarchy of the orthodox Greek Church. It is in 73
Articles, of which the following are the principal:—
" This Hierarchy consists of four !Metropolitans, one Arch-
bishop, and two Suffragans. Each of the Metropolitans shall be
invested in rotation with the dignity of Exareh of the Greek
Olrureh during one Session of the Legislature.
" The Prelates can in no case correspond with a foreign power,
except through a Goirerner-Genentl.
" No Prelate can, without permission of the Government, intro-
duce into his diocese, new regulations in ecclesiastical matters.
" No lonian Ecclesiastic can be consecrated out of the lonian
State.
" The Government will fix the bounds of the parishes.
" Every Prelate is bound to visit the churches of his diocese at
least once every three years.
" No Prelate shall interfere in matters belonging to the Civil
Authorities.
" The Prelates receive a fixed salary from the State.
" Whenever it is intended to build a new church, the plan is to
be laid before the Government."
The other articles relate to 'the Ecclesiastical Tribunals, the
Vicars and Curates, and means of carrying the Act into execution.
The Lord High Commissioner has assigned 10,000 tales-is
(70,000 francs) to be paid to the poor of Corfu, from the midis
-treasury.
FRENCH Furens.—Paate, Just 14.—Flve per Cent. 10If.
80c.; Three per Cent. 74f. 85c. Royal Spanish Loan, 574.
Etoik, dated Jane 18.—(Nerbars Asithetsthitie received.)

The Amsterdam Papers of Wednesday arrived last
night. They very positively deny the reported changes in
the administration of the Netherlands. The generous con-
duct of the Waldenses towards the sufferers by the late
inundations in Holland, is deservedly eulogised by the
Dutch journalists. From the distressed valleys of Piedmont
4000 francs have been remitted for the relief of the fami-
lies injured by the floods. The plan will soon be com-
menced to render the Sambre navigable from the French
frontiers to Namur.

Exchange on London..-39 7. 2M.99 5.

By the Buenas Ayres packet, which arrived yesterday,
we have received letters and papers to the 9th of April. In
consequence of a remonstrance from Mr. PARISH, the Bri-
tish Consul-General, the Government of Paraguay had
given permission to all British subjects to retire from that
country when they pleased.
There has been some conspiracy in Chili, but the ac-
counts of it are too vague to be intelligible. The attempt,
however, has been frustrated, and the guilty parties are
awaiting their trial in custody. The Government feels
itself strong enough to dispense with all extraordinary ri-
gour. The Congress had resolved to suspend the legal
formalities, but the Government declined to proceed against
the criminals, except according to the usual course.
By the intelligence from Upper Peru, it appears that the
troops of the Patriots were successfully advancing towards
OLANEra. Cochabamba, with a garrison of 900 men, hal
fallen into their bands, and preparations were making for
a general attack upon the Royalist forces. A letter we have
seen states that OLANETA was surrounded in Potosi, and
that 2,000 troops had marched from Buenos Ayres on the
22d of March, in order to put an end to the contest. We
extract the following from a letter dated April 9
Trade is uncommonly dull. Ocsx Era, the only Spanish
General in South America, still holds Le Paz, and has again
taken Potosi, and consequently prevents a trade by the interior.
General SUCRE is marching upon him, and he must shortly capi-
tulate, as he has no possible means of defence. In Chili trade is
already reviving, and when Potosi is taken we trust that the
Market will see a favourable change."

On the Report of the Committee appointed to inquire
into the consequences of the repeal of the Combination
Laws, leave was last night given to bring in a Bill to re-
peal the Act of last Session, and substitute such other pro-
visions as may be deemed expedient to remove the existing
evils. It was again explicitly stated, that no intention
exists of re-enacting the severe and oppressive Statutes re-
pealed by the Act now in force; but we think that no ob-
server of what has passed during the last twelve months
in the manufacturing districts, can dispute the propriety
of applying some effectual remedy to the mischiefs that
have resulted from the rash and sweeping abolition of all
the laws relating to the connection between masters and
workmen. The loss and injury which in many cases have
lately resulted from combinations, bave threatened serious
consequences to the prosperity of our foreign commerce.
The proper object of Legislation as to this subject, via,
the perfect freedom of each individual workman, has been
defeated, and a monstrous power established by self-ap-
pointed or irregularly-elected Committees, over the whole
body of journeymen In several trades ; and on this model
exertions arc actively making to bring the other trades into
a similar state of subjection. The rules promulgated and
demands set up by these Committees, have been too often
of that unreasonable and extravagant character, which
misfit naturally be supposed likely to proceed from stub

individuals exercising such an authority. This system
must be suppressed. . The welfare of thy workmen them-
mives calls imperatively fur Its suPproirion. None
may more deeply interested than they, in dkenthralling
themselves from a power, irhich evil-disposed or ignorant
'men have assumed over them, to the prejudice of their
rights, and the general dithinution of their means of em-
ployment.
CITY, THURSDAY f:YERING.
Thee was scarcely a single bargain entered into on the Stock
Markets this morning, the great prbportion of the Members of the
Stock Exchange having gone to witness the opening of the Orphan
School, at Hackney. The Reduced Annuities nay be quoted
904, and Consols for the Opening at 91. Exchequer Bills were
40s. premium.
In the Foreign Market the foll•wing pricss.are spoken of; .
they are rally mommal. Greek &Op 103 discount. New Spanish
Bonds 19, 194; Old ditto, 214. Danish Scrip 84 discount. Bra.
Wien ditto 1j discount. Colombian Bonds 864, 874, and-111exican
Scrip 34 discount.

In the Share Market Anglo Mexican Shari' were quoted at
and those of the United Mexican Company at 25. Motley .
become plentiful again ; to which circumstance may be attributed
the rise in Exchequer Bills for these last two or three days.
The prices of Coffee and Sugar continue steady, and Mess mil,
des are in fair demand. Bum is Also inquired after.
There was a report on 'Change that unfavourable news had ,
rived from India by an overland despatch, but we could not trace
it to any authentic source, and we have little doubt that it is a mm.
plete fabricatixi.

ittetitself,BU-t his oirn eon
' upright and consistent wi
this proposition at the fit
opinion that he had acted I
Canning) felt the N .ble I
• and favourable construe. ion
tarter the impression which
khggeratice on the minds
lieu have taken a very
'duet, not only u to his Me
'the counsel upon that co
Learned Gentleman (Mr.
idmis•ion of his Hen. Fr
foe the Duke of Stanches'
reasons for an inquiry.
Manchester had nothing w
Gentleman had said. that
been misled, but that
proved, and which we ha
the fact But, if on inq
had acted amiss, he thou'
he was so advised by his
Ifrar deluded, and not frost

-

■
TN
4
ire
.4
w
ti
of
■
d

AMERICAN MINES.
—am—
TB! PRESENT OPERATIONS, AND FUTURE PROS-
PECTS, OF THE MEXICAN MINE ASSOCIATIONS,
ANALYSED, &o.—By Sir WILLIAN Rawson.
The permanent pertnanent regeneration of South America, and the
intense and increasing interest which it obtains, not in
Itgland only, but throughout the whole Continent of
Europe. make "the present operations and future prospects
of the Mexican Mine Asaociations" a subject with which
we are all more or less desirous to be acquainted, since
they May be expected, at no distant day, to produce results
of the first importance to the wealth and prosperity of
Gent Britain. Our intercourse with the New World seems
destined, as it were, to build anew the fabric of our com-
mercial greatness as a nation, on a foundation more sound
sad secure than ever. We are at length come to our senses
on the subject oP Joint-Stock Companies ; their beneficial
influence in giving *mew spur to industry, and of opening
up lucrative branches of commerce which individual
espitalists Muld never enter upon, is now generally acknow-
ledged, and the sound policy and enlightened foresight
of the leading members of his Majesty's Government, have
at length brought round the most prejudiced to their liberal
opinions; and the generous and enterprising spirit of British-,
capitalists will now run its course with perfect freedom.
Sir William Rawson places his subject before the pub-
lic in the clearest light ; his' reasoning is sound, and is
brought powerfully forward in aid of his conclusions.
- Joint Stock Companies are buieddal where a larger /aphid nod
more extensive credit are remind tbawladividwels am liwohit.
'they are useful also in opening DOW ChllllloOk fer eaminerr of een
gram magnitude, and where Me tisk Is moutiods*
undertake. althOugh, when opened, thermal be tell
haillflei:l
41;p.
then to great advantsge. But they aredeeidedl w
directed to objects fairly within the reach dela MI
of individuals.
adds.....
Assuming these mambos to by correct, it will be
Joint Stock Companies are peculiarly applicable as lIIIWIIIINW
eamatencee of the New World. It would be ilium,
per
persons could be found in this, or any other countege
to attune. the vast amonet of capital required, for ore- 1
thlty its numerous iind valuable mina ; while, from in-
usametency of the inhabitants themselves to 4440 dwrita,
the alternative is presented to us, either to INA
those great and inmadvantages
srtant whiehlr. .
and I trust successfully. to delineate, (that is, until the .'ew
Ise created capital for itself, at all times, and in all tounlizioa, a
very slow process.) or by our supplying it to think OWN at ante
secure to ourselves, those advantages which alu sIO be elleinsd
through the machinery of Joint Stock CesugsafeL •
Joint Stock Companies, established fer drrelles”..m, are en-
tirely exempt from the well.founded °bipeds"; "Nob biros been.
urged against their indiscriminate adoption in this oebblr, ; to
which, besides, being too auto created for selfish purposes they
bequently do much harm, by overwhelming, with their boy com-
mand of caoitai, the honest and industrious tradesman!, and by
tending to create mischievous monopolies. They aise bp owing
vexatious competitions ultimately end in the injury and tiescopebet.
went of all parties concerned, without affording adequate bindle to
the public.
Nene', then, it is contended, that those Joint Stock Ompanies,
whose objects are calculated so materially to benefit our we coos.
ty, as well as the inhabitants of the New States, are bath patriotic
end praiseworthy; consequently, entitled to the protection and
countenance of the Legislature, instead of the indiseriminaupag
abuse and obloquy with which they have heft assailed by parties,
who, it not better informed upon the suhiect, ought so to haw
best,, before they endeavoured dogmatic:by 40 contravene the
public judgment.
The protection which these Joint Stock Companies require from
eke Legislature, appears to is the ibelishment of the penal
emetmerits contained in con
is of the Ain George I. and in the
exemption of liability,lbeyond *wee subscribed fee b
e
We shareholders. It would ameba trees were it puma.
cable, with a view to prevent a temdden of the establish.* of
Companies, w(lese main object is die gain derivable from ditsile
of shares; er the profitable ern of their projectors, believe
suck responsibilities thrown on projectors of all Stock C= •
nice, as should effectually detelperwins from entering upon
takings which were not bottonsed on solid and just pone& jut,
in this period of mercantile enterprise, so much Webs
Legislature, in the repeal of the long-established en
trade and commerce, would it not appear somewhat inessishitenble
create new shackles, at the very n.ornent when it bad bow lb..
both expedient and beneficial to shake off old ones ? mom
malty as the public, although too apt to be led away by
preepects, possess so much intelligence and sound sense, that
eml will be sure to cure itself, by the speedy detection of f tot
fallacy, wherever they may exist. 'indeed, so many
upon this head have of late teen given by the highest law atilinei
eats, it cannot be doubted but that the public are mufficiendyeee
their guard not to be misled in future.
The writer here very ably introduces, in the followini
remarks, several points highly deserving the considered's.*
of all persons whose concerns connect thews with wheaten*
is practically important in commercial speculations.
Another view of the operation of these Stock Companies will be
found deserving attention. From the great surplus capital of the
country, aid the low rate of interest to be obtained in the public
funds, much capital is annually exported to foreign countries. ‘i'e
have use choice to invest this 'surplus capital in Continental loans,
or to manumit it to the New World, either in leans, or through
Mining, and other Joint Stuck Companies.
In the first ease, we lend oer cepitalio countries that have been
for ages our political enemies, and our commercial rivals ; thus,
with English money enabling them to lessen the amount of their
national obligations. and to carry into effect their public works and
undertakings, by which means they may the more successfully
bempete with our manufacturers-ln time of peace, and be better
prepared to contend with us in the event of war. In the latter case,
we assist young and grateful countries to emerge from the state of
ignorance and slavery to which they have been hitherto kept, by
the barbarous and cruel policy of their tyrant !nesters—countries,
between which and Great Britain there is, and ever must be, a na-
tural alliance, since it is equally for the interests of both. Br sup-
plying them with capital to re-establish their mining and general
industry, we also thereby contribute to the prosperity of nations of
friends, who. in turn, will benefit our commercial interests, ex-
actly, in proportion as they themselves become flourishing and
ailOPptiOtle.
The disadvantageous manner in which the Continental loans are
pot out of the country alic•deserves notice. I believe the amount '
of these loans has invariably been transmitted in bullion, which,
by causing the Bank to narrow its issues, and by turning the ex-
change against Great Britain, not only (as at the present moment)
lowers the English . undo, but very materially tends to lessen the
general commercial transactions of the country. '
It is very different with the South American loans, the largest
port of which has been expended in this country in ships, clothing,
military equipments, stores, Ate. thereby contributing in no incen.
alterable degree, to the increase of English industry and prosperity,
instead of the curtailment of both. This has been more particu-
larly the case with the Mining Associations, whose chief outlay of
capital consists in English machinery. A remarkable instance of
this has recently occurred ; the Real del Monte Company having
sent off, at one time, 1,200 tons of machinery.
If we view the question as it concerns the individual Interests of
the capitalist, the argunieut applies still more strongly in favour of
the New World,- not only as it regards the security for the capital
advanced, but the remuneration for such advance. Capitalists in-
vesting their money in the loans of the Continental governments,
lend it to countries whose amount of debt, compared with their
national revenues and resources, is infinitely greater than in the
New States, where the debts incurred are trifling in the extreme,
as compared with their natural resources. They also subject their
capital to confiscation, at the commencement of every European
war—to Continental national banknipteies—and to kingly fraud
and swindling. And should they fortunately escape these mester
evils, still, upon the niece rumour of war, the Continental fords
are sure to experience the mart ruinous, depressions while in the
erect of its actually taking place, English capital becomes Immedi-
ately Licked try, and the capitalists can.neither get principal nor
interest, during the continuance of the war, however protracted such
war may be.
But no such apprehensions are to be entertained in regard to
capital rent to the New World. The idea of war occurring be-
tween Great Britain and the New States of America ter centuries
to come, is perfeetly absurd; while from their possessing Repre-
sentative, instead of Absolute Governments, even supposing It
possible Mere should be such war, we should have no reason to
feu those ruinous consequences entrain to result front Continental
hostilities ; and it is expressly .ptipulated, and indeed incorporated
in the formula of the Mexican bends (as I believe, in the obliga-
tions of the other'New Statai) that the interest upon their bonds
shall be paid with equal regularity during war as during peace.
Now, with regard to the security for English capital embarked
In mining and other commercial enterprises to the New 11'0M,
they will necessarily receive the protection of this Government,
equally with English capital in every other putt uf the globe, where
British Ministers and Consuls are sent. The new Governments
are also fully aware of the importance of preserving good faith to-
wards foreigners, not merely es regards national character, now
that they are admitted into the family of nations. but also from the
avowed convicuon of their own inability, without the aid of
foreign capital, to re-establish national or individual prosperity. '
We have additional security in the moral character and good
fah already evinced by the Governments of-the New States, as
manifested by the Colombian Government, in the strict observance
of thefirnational engagements with individuals of this country,
sqd the extraordinary, and, I believe, unprecedented generosity of
the Mexican Government. in undertaking 41 repay the large
amount of money belonging to individuals whlab had. been &pa
sited in the Consoled° (a sort of Bank, managed by the vice-regal
Government , and either fraudulently appropriated to their own uses
by the spanianls, or carried off by them to Spain • also, another
Wee sum belonging to innividuals, seized upon by the late Em.
pens It•trbide ; tnus forming a striking contrast between the moral
character of the Govetninents of the late Colonies, and that of the
parent State. •
We shall be induced, from the excellence of this.pamph.
let, to return to it on • future day, when we shall have
occasion to investigate, MOTO in detail, the very important
tojr.cw which it embraces. The indcpendeuca of South

