serial one, that for the registration, harl actually
11.-en made a subject of &moors. Art effectual regis-
try, so as to prevent any importation, was the b4sis
()revery species of reform. Never should it be for-
gotten what is due to a million and a half of un-
protected bei tigs on the other side of the water; never
should they forget the claims they had ou the justice
sad Immauity of the mother country—claims ren-
dered the more stroug by the prominent part this
country had taken in the Abolition of the Stave
Trade. Ile would nut stow further take up the
time of the House, but nmove—

4, That there be laid before the House copies of all laws
peened in, or for any of the British Colemies, sluice die year
1/112, respelling Hie condition of the Slaves, smiths peewee-
tine sif She alien importation of Waves; and also respecting
the tereinteut of free es of colour."
The question being put—
Mr. Goutenam felt most anxious to do every
thing to promote the views so honourably eater.
naiswil and ably advanced by the Gentleman who
had wit down. He would be very happy to concur
ni any thing calculated to remove the unjust pre.
idadiees taken up spinet Gentlemen on the other
sidle of the waiver, and which he could not help ob.
servilig, the speech of the Hon. Member was rather
slalculated to uphold then remove. lie felt most
ready to joiii in the adoption of any measures to
pre►ent the iiiipintalion of shires into the West lu-
shes. If any ()ppm& had been given to that in
particular looked to by the Hots. Gentlemati, it
was because it had beets considered better to con-
ciliate the lsluudr, and that a IlleillaUfe less perfect,
if enacted iu the i.lruds, might be attended wills
mote 'merest than one more perfect, if curried 'here.
lie would give his support to the motion, hoping
that the time wadi not fair distant when the necessity
of all such inutious mud of new regulatious would
be removed.

Mr. MaaaTATT looked upon the complete pre-
vention of the importation of slaver as a considers-
ble step to the abolition of slavery its the islands ;
as the Committee on the Slave Trade had said, that
in all countries where slavery once flourished. and
had afterwards been mitigated awl abolished, the
first effictual measure was to cut off the supply of
foreign slates. Ile would vote for the production
of the papers, and hoped they would convince the
!louse smith the country how unfounded had been
the imputations cast ou the master. and proprietors.
Mr. W. SMITH was rather surprised to hear of
calumnious imputations, when both sides of the
House 'reined disposed to cougratulate the Gentle-
men interested for the spirit 'hewn by them.
The semi iots was carried. and the papers ordered.
Mr. 11'ILBk:RFORCE Mc to move for other papers
erkul;sted to 'hew the increase cud decrease of
slaves in the islands. He must, however, beg
leas to say one word on what had fallen from
the Right Honourable Gentleman (Mr. Goal-
burn). lie was fully aware of the necessity of
the hr; sty good-will of the masters to make
soy intros devised for ameliorating the con-
dition of the slaves effectual. He was therefore
sorry to hear such observations. He could appeal
to the House, and wished to repeat accurately what
be hail before said. He had drawn a distiuction
between the inlrllugeot and liberal, and those of an
opposite descriptioli ; say censure be might have
uttered, he had applied only to the latter. He cer-
tinily knew recent cases in which slaves had been
imported—it was impossible to preveut it without
a registry. But it was not to be supposed that he
thought that only sufficient—be only natant that
was neenary—without it, all other regulations

would by voiu *qui insiders.

He would next move—

" That therefor laid before the House copies, or extracts
of copies of idt accounts received from the West India Co-
lonies, Once the year 1007, chewing the increase or de-
cresst lir slavery, of the white population, and of the free
peuple of colour."
Mr. M. GRANT said, that Gentlemen were de-
cidedly mistaken in certain facts they had ills-
tinctly stated. He mentioned ibis to chew that
;heir sources of information were not always correct.
He &surd the intputivtion cast on the Gentlemen
collitrt trd with the West India Islands. From the
first iiiiriiiliicti tttt there of the Abolition Act, he be-
lie veil very hew instances could be adduced of the
to pot 'Wiwi of slaves. If such an evil existed, to any
strut, it CotAti Hut have escaped the attention of
the West I iitLit Proprietors.

Mr. Witsitavoacc obaervrd, that neglect had
certainly existed, with respect to the due 'Winton'.
trittigio HE the law—and it was proper that every
effort should be made to prevent altogether the
aupply of slaves from without.
Mr. MARKTATT observed, with respect to the
I.opply 4,E foreign slaves, he could conscientiously
soy, a. far as his inquiry went, that very few, if
dily violations of the Abolition Act had taken
place.
Mr. Meows said, that, after a very active in-
quiry, with respect to the law for the Abolition of
the Slave Trivia., the supposed charge of importing
alates contrary to that law, was negatived.
The was then agreed to.
Me. Wit.nsavoact: twat moved for--

" Au Account of the Numbers of all the above Classes,
aaJ, as far as the same cau be given, t►r thalweg in Ike
la lus • primers jou of Males and Females no the above pupa-
lath. "

CroCLOVIN expressed his williuguess to
gr,i.t uir itiluasiation required.
Wokl. Ogrrell 10.
Mr. IVii.ft ER FORE ken moved for--.

" Copies ur esirArts of all Arts passed in the West Ines
Islands, in furihrisure of the objects of the Address of this
House, to his Rolal Hishufts the Prince Revue, on the
'fhb of Jour, lilll--prayitric that his Rujal Highness would
lie 'flossed tio reconsintard, it, the strongest misuser, to the
aulleirrilbto is the &Kenna Wands, to take the roust
I fltelual mra.urrs Gar improving the comforts and harpi-
st, N of the stare itoptilatiuu."--Agreed

• •
Air. WILIMFURCE tioollv moved for—

" C. pies of all executive and judicial proceedines, load
is ilw sail colonies, connected with, or in furtherance of,
II obi., as of tb. said Address. Also copies or extracts of
all rui s 'vomit env 41i1 11.. said subject, which Ilulf be c.ll'
Ismdctruncut to the public service."

said, undoubtedly judicial
proceedings' sometimes tit:cursed, which it might
lie necessary to transmit to this country. But, as
they were mast, in griirrial, sent house, it was lit•
the (ora the Hun. Member
might want, without a reference was made to the
pa"icola► coloows in which they had taken place.
Mr. Wit.auasoacE hoped, flint at least such
Inners as could Isr furisisised, would be laid before
:he Moose iiienic,hatelv•
Mr. GuuLav lot ulowfved, that those papers re•
4,trig to only our side of. the iptestion—and it
would ataietl) be lair iv produce shnntisients
