COMMON COUNCIL.
Yesterday a Court was held for the purpose of
taking into consideration the question regarding
Sheriff Parkins, that related to the Sword Bearer,
aml.the more insteresting subject of the refusal of
the House of Lords to receive the Petition voted

upon the last day of meeting in this Court, with
respect to the Bill of Pains end Penalties against

the Queen.
Mr. SAVAGE withdrew his motion for •n increase
of salary to the Recorder-4 Hear, Rear/—fur the

present.
The LORD MAYOR informed the Court that he
had received • Requisition, signed by several mem-
bers of the Court, to call a Court to consider the
propriety of moving another l'etition upon the sub-
ject of the Bill pending against the Queen, to the
House of Lords, and that he Mid sent a circular to
the members upon the subject, stating that Ins
Lordship proposed adding the discussion upon that
subject to the business of the day of the present
meeting.
THE QUEEN.
Mr. OLDHAM expressed a hope that the Remem-
brancer would be ordered to state whether the

tition of the Court was or was uut received by the

Howe of Lord•.
The Court Officer having read the requisition.
Mr. FAYEI.L rove and Gehl, he did not mean to
delay the Court long after the solemn and almost
unanimous • opinion delivered at the lant Court.
The Court had thought it expedient to petition
both Houses of Parliament. one of which had ra-

mired their Petition without hesitation ; the other

had thought proper to reject it. notwithstanding the
respectful language its which it was drawn up, and
the evidence it bore, that nothing offensive was en-
tertained. It had been stated by a great authority,

that even if a Petition contained treason it should
not be rejected. The Lords were but one Estate of
the realm, and though very important in their
station, should not consider the Petition of the
City of London without some feeling of re-
spect. The question which they were at pre-
sent agitating, is certainly one of great conse-
quence to the rights of the Citizens of London.
The Lord Mayor must feel pride in being in the
situation which Beckford once filled, and by doing
his duty, in which he was honoured by a marble
bust, and more gloriously honoured by the recol-
lection of posterity. If the meanest peasant had
been in the situation of the Queen, as to • charge
subjecting her to a Bill of Pains and Penalties, the
same spirit of proceeding could never be adopted
against her. Whatever might be the result of the
inquiry, the Court would have the consolation of
knowing that they had done their duty. He then
moved three Resolutions—(/4r which see the frost
of oar Paper.)
Mr. HURCOMBR spoke strongly in favour of the
right of petition, which had, in this case, been in-
terfered with by the House of Lords.
Mr. DIXON said. he was of opinion that the
Court had a right to petition, but not to dictate.
They had no right to look upon themselves as the
fourth Estate of the realm. He considered that a
more proper or • more stingiug answer bad not
upon any occasion been given then upon that of
preseuting such a petition—the Court of Common
Council were not, he assured them, of such high
importance as some of its members supposed, and
their conduct upon this occasion was considered by
many impertinent. The rights and privileges of
the citizens were not violated by the refusal of
what was an instance of the greatest presumption.
I The conduct of Beckford had been praised, but
that very man who talked of liberty, kept thousands
in slavery. lie departed, in his speech to the Sove•
reign, from propriety altogether. He then said he
should oppose the Resolutions.
Mr. OLDUAM said, that Mr. Dixon had not an-
swered one argumeut of his Worthy Friend. It
was to he wished that the Worthy Gentleman
would write out his speech, verbatim et literati's.,
and send it round for the benefit of the conimunity.
He could then have an opportunity of doing what
the press did not think it worth its while to do.
Mr. Oldham then took a view of the Bill of Pains
and Penalties against the Queen. If there was a
body which should be heard at the bar of the
House of Lords more than any other, that body was
the Corporation of Lundon.—(Heor, hear.)—The
rejection of a Petition from such i body was more
dangerous to the liberties of the people, inasmuch
as the claim was more powerful, then ally other, and
the refusal was a precedent for a further denial of
the rights of the people.
Mr. WILLIAMS (of Smithfield) said, that what-
ever might be the view taken by gentlemen upon
this subject, they might with great propriety vote
for the Resolutions. The right of petition was an
inherent right, and the Court would be absurdly
resigning their most important privileges, if they
did not hold that language upon all occasions.
Alderman WAITUMAN said, the poor and the ig-
norant had the right to petition as well as those who
were in the affluent ranks. when their rights were
in danger. It was quite sufficieut if they believed
the danger existed—no proof was necessary to esta-
blish their title. Wei there is man in the domi-
nions who did not know that the refusal to rective
their Petition was not a stride towards making ■
practice of rejecting in ell cases. He was at a loss
to know upon what ground' it had been refused.
This proceeding was the very reverse of justice.
Why were the soldiers called out ?—what was the
necessity. in a time of peace, for reviews. or for
having the metropolis surrounded by 40,000 of the
military ? It was because the public feeling at
those obnoxious proceedings was feared—because
it was expected that ►he people would be too much
agitated.—(Hear.)—The case of Anne Boleyn was
the only one that was analogous. That unfortunate
woman demanded • public trial, and that she
should not he tried by her accusers. She was put
to death, and the public at that time, end posteri-
ty, considered her an innocent woman.
The LORD MAtrox here interrupted the worthy
Aldermen, and said there was an improper compa-
rison drawn to the prejudice of the House of Lord*.
—(Cries of 4, No, so!")
Alderman WAITHMAN said, it was 1120111
to interrupt him. He was unconscious of havigg
said an improper word, and was convinced that tl‘g
Lord Mayor should not attempt to make a com-
ment upou the opinions or declarations of any
Member. He would repeat, that Anne Boleyn was
