A ,ifirS F-441.4 At .4f gr-diCXlll2l.ll.4lO_.
• •••• •- CH PSTER AA . MEIN WOKS(
. . ••-• 410
A meeting of the fustian manufacturers and merchants
dealing in Noising in this town was heisi chi Wednesday
!Voila the Bridgewater Arms—Mr. G. R. Chappell inabe
Chair :--to'consider certain proposals teittlitedle then by
the fustian cutters, with regard to the pritwifto b paid For
• cutting. After some discussion, from' *beach h - appeattd
to be the unsbimous opinion of the meetirt that they
ought to treat with the fustian cutters on the miall-ansioabb
terms, it, was unaniruously resolved, that the ehljels piid
for fits-thin cutting required an equitable and tudfdrm tea
Rotation ; and it was expedient that the mearstiolertnl
@hashes unite for the purpose of effecting such regulation's,
as to aebtere to the workmen an adequate mound:still* ihr
their labour, and at the same time to restrain any It=
which might be made to take or reduce the rate 6f
11Fept when the.atate of trade requited, end upon due in.
vestigation and inquiry. A committee of twelve geminates
was then appointed' to carry these resolutions iota=
and to draw up a list •if pried to be submitted toe/-
meeting. The following letter from a deputation of the
fbstian cutters was laid before the meeting i-is - -
" Oentlemen-We the fustian entters of Manallufikr4 •
formed thin you are now assembled roe the pilepose er
consideration our present uniform list of prices, most
solicit pertnisatoo to be admitted foe the purpose of seed . -
sent and future intentions. We are, Gentlemen. yours. sea
fully, . Poltut sliddleson, William Baktei,
George Felton, William II arnpson.
" To the Fustian alanufacturers of Manchester."
After the letter had been read, it was- nnardrnouslAtit
solved that the deputation should be admitted.
they entered the room, after some observational* the rate
of wages for fustian cutting, at various periods up to the
present time, they stated, on behalf of the union of fustian
cutters, that there existed in that body a disposition tothekt
their employers upon fair and equitable terms: ant -Ot t
their desire was not to obtain exorbitant *ages. but 4
a just, equitable, and equal reward for their labour. o
this the chair Man of the meeting replied that the•camitttt-
there,
Dicition was perfectly consonant with the within of the
employer' ; and that the committee appointed by the
ter would, as soon as possible, request their attendant:B,4o
order that their demands might be Mated andintfletiga•d.
The deputation having withdrawn, it was resolved *W eill
meeting should be adjourned to Metsdayntafthafitith ESL
—Manchesfrr Gov-I:lion. . . ,
Tot BRADFORD COURRaII'AND WRAFRROe•-=
-been an attempt te•secommodate the unhappy
which hare so loog existed between the toasters Illedibst
workmen in the worsted mautthundire; and we ale tare
that they will participate in our regret, that this Modes
tion bas been untineeessful. The workmen suede
overturn, which was met on the part of the mutest
Irogritlog the resolution not to 'employ worktnen_un
had renounced the Union; sod by* a fatale' resolution*
they would eonfer with their workmen either collectively ft
separately. In consequence of this resolution, ttlettil
took place between the different manufactures and t
worktden separately, the resultof which was unfavoilitabie,
the masters having almost universally dccided not to give
any advance. The probability at present is, that thla
strike will continue through the winter, as the Mestere, in
the present bad state of the trade, art not likely to make
any advance, and the men seem equally rrs dyed not to reel
sume their work without it. We are informed that very
1 few of the workmen have yet turned in, and from what we
I 'cat) collect on the subject, ilia not likely that any con-
siderable number will at present -tangent to work at the oil
prices.—Leeds Memory. . .. . .
Mr. Hume has addressed a letter -so the pee* who
presided at the late Mechanics sisd Artisans fleeting,
declining to make his proposed-,visit to-hia admloataka
Glasgow. He says it had beeh Iris iritentioa to thdilipaills
gow this, autumn, but, on duly consideriarthp ahliodett
of the operatives and their masters lat.; ,taid , **or
other places, he thinks it would he the most Moho
to keep aloof at present. If a sincere deSlara -
of the operatives all over the country ;Mild '
to any man, he says he ought to pronounce
for any little attention he had given to their
~ , • bee
t*
it would be Poore useful to them, and cum, to
him, if he coned see pace and quietness * g
monthe, to allow the 'r ignorant and intetastedeltallgrellW
raised," to subside. Nothing that had occurred bail sae
him regret the course he took, or induced him to think
the Parliament did wrong; and although Mr. Huskim_ ,on
and those who approved of the proceedings of leled, bad
shamefully deserted him, he Was ready to take the blame, if
blame Gore was any, for being an instrument in protUring
the repeal of the shamefully unequal laws Which-Mettle-
latest so long. He then stated that he had no intro
I reply to the statements of Tory dependent puhl'icaV
He expected to be in Edinburgh about the .2.ltd of
month. Delegates from the Combined Trades are to kite
this city to-morrow or Saturday, to present Mr. Halite, la
Edinburgh, with the testimonial of their constituents. The
subscriptions for defraying the expense of the plate helve,
not gone on with the spirit that was expected.—Glasgow
Chronicle. . .
NOIFO I. II MR art NO.-011 Thursday resititint wairheld .
at the Shire-hall, in the city of Norwich, for the_imrpose stf
expressing the ten alumna of the freeliolde aof Norfolk re- •
garding colonial slavery, and of petitioning Parliament.
give effect to the molutittni of last Session
that subject. Lord W. Hemlock, Lord Seidel& ".
Calthorpe, Colonel Wodeheuse, Mr. F. Bitzton,-Mr. . .
Gurney, and 'several other speakers addressed the I--
big. The following Resolutions' were adopted:— • ,
I. That Ow system of slavery, as it is now tnaintaioad ',nth*
West Indies and other colonies of Great Britain, a stems whist%
degrades many hundred thousands of our fellow-men to the testi&
tion of chattels, to be bought and sold at pleasure. appears to aria
„Sleeting to be utterly inconsistent with ths inalienable saunal light
of men, with the benevolent_ preeepts of Christianity, and with' thine
essential priaciples of that &knelt Constitution, which ought to se-
cure to all his Majesty's subjects, whercier shunted, an equal par-
ticipation in the benefit of the laws.
2. That we consider it our bounden duty, as Chtistiacs sad
Englishmen, orpromote, by all justifiable means, and with a due
c ins,deration of the lout eats of all puttee conisraeo, the ionnidiata
mitigation of that • system, and its total extinction at the whist,
safest. and practicable period ; and that we cordially approve of the
r'solution to this efl'imt pmposed by 31r. Canning to the House of
Commons, in May, 1823, and unanimouily adopted by test Ho-
nourable House.
3. That it is with the deepest regret we observe, that the wills
proposals made by his Majesty's Government for the purpose of
electing these just and benevolent ends, have either received little
or no attention from the several West Indian Colonial Legislatures, -•
or, after connideration, have been positively rejected.
4. That under these circumstances be consider it our duty to
support the Government in the prosecution of their great object,
and to petition the Parliament of bent Britain to take such farther
measures as may appear to them to be most desirable, in order to
surmount the difficulties occasioned by so unreasonable an oppe.
anion, and effect the immediate mitigation, and, with as little de-
lay as possible, the fmal and entireabalitipa of British Golonta/
slavery.

On the 4th of this month, at two o'clock in the-after-
noon, an occident threw for an instant the whole town.of
Nantes into a consternation. A honse was bring rebuilt
opposite the office of the sub prefecture, when an old wall,
which the workmen had forgotten to prop, sudtlenly.fell,
and buried in its ruins two men, and a child of about
twelve years of age. The alarm was immediately spread.
which brought the whole population to the spot, and in
Piite of the danger threatened from a neighbodring wall.
ty set to work with such celerity, that in a little time the,
:unhappy victims wire dragged out. Portnnately they still
breathed, and had only. received some trifling bruises,
having been protected by a beam- which made an arch over
their heads.—French Paper.
INSOLENCE or COACIIIIEN.-04 Saturday last, Johit
Robinson, the driver of a Stockport stage coach, was sum-
moned, under a provision of the Stage Coach Act, (slat
Geo. 4.) which is not so generally known as it deserves to be
for using abusive and insulting Laguage to his passengers.
Mr. Pope, of this town, was the complainant, and statad
that he was going to Stockport a few days ago. and took 4.
place inside the rlerentline* coach. The coach was stated.
on the ou:side, to be licenied to carry four inside passengers,
-but the defendant chose to put in more than that number;
and when Mr. Pope reetionstmod he was Equilett with the
grosaest abuse. It sppearti -that the defendant had, in
fact, it coach licensed ter Ca:tying slit iniitles; but he bad
harrowed the one in question, which was hemmed for: a:id
calculated to euntain, only four. Under the eircuMstanem.
Mr. Foater fined hlm in the mitigated penalty of 20s. 4d
