iIIE BRITISH PRESS.


. LONDON,
*it D NES DA Y. AUGUST 12.

Dispittehes were received, yesterday, at the Ad-
miralty, from Admirals GA se e'en and STAMM
The intelligence which they have brought is eon-
sidered very satisfallory by Ministers. Our Meet
trt; left cruising of Elsineur, waiting for our
t ;rifts, with the troops ; and the army in
Copenhagen did not exceed four thousand men.
•this intelligence strengthens the opinion which we
base uaiformly entertained, that the veto's of the
force, as well military as naval, which lately left our
Eastern ports, is destined for Zuland.

arrernment, yesterday, received dispatches from
cape of Good Hope.

The Telegraph. at the Admiralty, WAS busily
,yed, yesterday? communicating with the se•
„toping', and the greate;t aelivity prevailed in
tPe several offices. Mr. Ct.vut. a Messenger, was
ordered with diNpatches to Plymouth.

The 7th and sth regiments of Foot were all em•
baked at littll,on Sunday, and du:Transports which
lard them on hoard got under way. These two regi-
rtratS had crossed the country, by forced marches,
Isom Liverpool, having landed there from Dub-
; and on their a7rival at Hull, went immediately
en bond ti.e ships. The men seemed in gri.tat 'pi-
nts, an• received ;he cheers of thcatsanrs of rpec-
tatoresh their ernb,trk,ition. Tnrir ci..n.tinAtinn is a
steret. T.e wind WAS unfavourable to their de-
pottme on Suittlay

A Gutenburgh Mail arrived yesterday. It
Itas brutigl:t an official accnunt of the military opt-
TAnns at S.r.ilsund to the 22 i List. Toe British
tronps did duty for the frst time. and occupied the
"rt.. within that fortress, on the Clst. Lord C4r H-
esse. nn the same day, left Stralsund for Itugen,
vres;e* the British troops on that island, who, with
,)e 9.wei-s in that place, are, ir, future, to be nom-
minded by General Baron Tots..

Ut, this day, resume our exrraes from the Pa-
pers tnonght by the Tonningen Mail, which arrived
•n .nday Night, and also from rho French and
Darn J .3' nals, the former to the V.J, and the lat-
ter to tht• btii inst. It will be seen in them, that
P•assia has been stript by the Treity of Tilsit, of a
(oh hall of her dominions, in rerped of extent,

rerea•n, and pep:dation.
A Rlssian Officer, arrived at Milan on the 13th
lair, brought orders from his Sovereign for the
(tuition of hostilities between the Turks and Rus-
sixth in the Adriatic and lediterranean.

floisaisatz, not content with revolutionising the
Csltinent, appears now resolved to revolutionise
11.: heavens: the University of leipsie has resolved
that the stars in the Sword and Girdle of Orlon.
shill he, to foture, called "Tiro Stars of N apoleon.'
()lion is one of the brightest constellations in the
firmament.

In ofLial order sued by Marshal Bann!, he
designates the King of Sweosn as the hireling
of England," and avows his determination ,4 to
drift him trom the Continent." The Monition
ad,:s. that the answer returned by that insolent Chief
to the late proposal for an armistice, was, that His
SRLDIIIII MA J ;al T Y must saterewkr Stralsund, end
alwatas 3tvedis6 Pomerania for ever. The Dutch
Papis also contain the new Constitution of the
Duchy of Warsaw. It is upon the French model.

The following R-girnental Orders were issned to
11,e ist Elinhurgli Regiment, on the !Bch ult. by
R;ght lion. Lieutenant-Colonel Hope. They
de,ei ve the attention, not only of every coirts, but
of every man in the United Kingdom.—The
Lieutenant-Colonel, after communicating to the
Iteximeat under his command, the approbation, by
Maj r-General Mackay, of their soldierly appear-
ance at their Review on the 44. h, espressing his
saii.fadion in the high state of discipline in which
Ore Regiment at pre.ent stands, and his regret at
th, g. eat falling of in paint of nossirre. (the real
e.F:Etive strength of the Regiment beiiig now esti-
ni:•;kl at little more than 600 rank and ale), adds,
" :'"at a great diminution of our original number
a'oald have taken place, is not surprising ; because
several gvnilemen are dead, many have left this
city and aveillibowhood entirely, and many have
leen jinn a bad state of health. But the melan-
ch .iy consithrAtion is, that.. in such times as these,
c should be cuzh welt ar seal, such thoughtless
I taleArrisfe. arning the young men of this city, in
11.., taming forward to supply the vacancies occa-
sv•ned by the above necessary causes. If this back-
Rat-'nets arose fr- in want of spirit, or from real
la,:ilLrence as ta the fate of the country, the p-os-
pet before us would be alarming indeed. The
tame of Europe may now be blott.A from the map
lime world. and alias oace was Europe may 001.

' be divided into Britain and France ; with this dif-
ference, that in the division, Britain has gained no-
thing, while the whole power of Europe is now at
the absolute disposal of our rival. The whole of
his immense force, he is now at liberty, without the
possibility of further diversion in our favour, to di-
re% against this country, and if he should prove
successful, the result will be worse than the Saxen
or Norman Conquest. But let not this considera-
tion drive us to despair, but animate us to resist-
ance, and, above all, to submit cheerfully to the
means which are to qualify us for successful resist-
ance. They deceive themselves who think that the
French are not a brave people. They are a very
brave people, and their onset is terrible. To great
bravery, their troops now add exae discipline, and
their officers great skill and experience ; and if
against great courage, great skill, and great ex-
perience, we have nothing to oppose, but innate
intrepid courage, all history can tell us what must
be the result of the contest. If we hope to resist
with success, we most add to our native courage,
numbers--to numbers, discipline—and to disci-
pline, that fixed and patient submission to every
burden, privation, and hardship, which our glorious
freedom should inspire, and without which, as we
should show ourselves unworthy of that freedom,
we cannot expect that Providence should preserve
it. We have one great advantage over the people
of the Continent ; we have a Sovereign who is not
to be daunted iuto submiuien ; and our public
men, whether in or out of office, are true to their
country. The people, therefore, have only to be
true to themselves, and, under Gud, we have every
reason to be confident of the issue of the greatest
stake that ever was contended for by any nation.—
To some of the nations now subdued by. France,
there was no great motive to resistance ; their own
Sovereigns were despotic, and it made little dif-
ferenee whether they were to be ruled by one tyrant
or another. There might be a difference in the
personal charadler of the men, but the degree of
freedom under both Governments was to be the
same. But it is not so with Britain. The alterna-
tive with us is, Whether we shall continue the hap-
piest people the sun ever saw, or the most misera-
ble and degraded : miserable in proportion to our
former happiness, degraded in proportion to the
implacable rancour with which our enemy beholds
as? Language cannot describe, imagination can-
not conceive. the horrors to which conquest would
subjigt us.

fe Let, then, our young men step forward, if the;
would save themselves from slavery, their wives,
their sisters, and daughters, from violation ! Let
our women animate our men. They have much in
their power. Let them treat with scorn, let them
exclude from their society, every man capable of
bearing arms, who does not serve in some corps or
other, and we shall have no need of ballots or com-
pulsion to fill the ranks of every description of Dune.
These a:e not ;Jr:finery times, and those who hve in
them must not hope for the ordinary repose of civil
life. Every man must now be a soldier, if he does
not mean to be a slave. Exemptions and privileges
from service are out of the q'sestion. It is the
privilege of being a free man, which is at stake ; it
is the liberty of Britain which is in danger ; and if
Britons will not answer to that call, they are un-
worthy of the name, and unworthy of the liberty
which their ancestors acquired. Fall they must,
and fall they ought. But let us cherish better hopes.
Let us do o%r duty, and trust in God ; and, as the
privileges which he has given us to defend are boo
yond all price, let our resistance have no measure
but our fortunes and our lives."

The Cardinal of You' died lately at Rome, in
the 12d year of his age. Our good KING allowed
him out of his privy purse, a handsome pensiou.—
His death is of some importance ; for, we believe,
an a& with respell to Attainder of lood was to
expire at the death of this last of the Sneer
family.
It is said that the Princess of SAION Y is to be
married to the Grand Duke of WIITZOt uses.

The Stately, of 66 guns, has returned from the
Dutch Coast, where she was employed in stopping
•essels goiog to Amsterdam. A few days since,
one of her men fell from the rigging into the sea,
and was drowned.
The limn, Taoursom, sailed from the Downs
in December lest for the River Plata, and had
not arrived there on the 18th of May.
The Kum has been pleased to appoint the Right
Honourable J•ss as Earl of M• L SIM)* T. Knight of
the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, to be
Lord Lieutenant of the County of Southampton.
and of the Town of Southampton and County of
the same.

The has also been pleased to grant to
Jares Eowasin HARRIS, Esq. (commonly called
Viscount FITS H•asu,) the several Offices of
Governor and Captain of the Isle of Wight. and
Governor of Carisbrook Castle, in the said Isle.
Mr.Sa mom had an interview oaMonday with Mr.
CAIIIIIIIO. on the subjea of the misunderstanding
with America. The Minister informed him, that
he had sent to the American Envoys, to know whe-
ther they had received any farther information;
adding. " that if they had. our Government was
ready to eater into an amicable adjustment of all
differences." The answer was, " that they bad ra+
ceived no isuttudtions."


•
.111'
. e 171:11117°...

WATERING PLACES.
The last arrivals at Cheltenham are....
Earl St. vinare, Sir A. S. and Lady Hammond, Sir H.
Hamilton, Lady Lalaiog.ton, Dr /laird, Col. Pringle, Lieut.-
Cal. Yeungoin ; Majors Cartwright, Rot:, and JUGIdo. ; Cap-
tain. Nixon, Waugh, Spunk, Dyrnoy. Roberto, and William-
sun; Rey. Mixers. Wilden. Smith. and Criswell; Mr. Mrs
and S Mimes Nash ; Mown. arid Miet mOO% Hague, Eme,
Harris. Le itrittnn, Leibenrood, Knott, and leplasou ; Mr. and
2 Micces Nunn.
A rrivah at ttli nbu rgh :
TM Duette@ of Gordon, Lord Alexander Gordon, Lard
and Lady Montague, the Marquis and Marchioness of Done.
gal and family, the Hon. Mho Charted', Lord Givfmd, Lord
O'Neil, Mr. and Mrs. Mays, Mr. and Mrs. Vernet, the Mar.
quit of Ely, Capt. Lessem' Gower, R. N. Granville Leveion
Gower, Exi Edward Hawkins, E.q with Mitt II iwkins, l'hi
lip &wick, Esq. Henry album., Esq. and J. Kmaa,,d,
Esc. &c &e.
The last --;vah

arri‘ at Scarborough
are—
Mr. and Mrs. Bilbie, Mr Mrs. and Master Lockitt, Miss
Wilde, Mrs. and MWICOrfh.M. iv F. Roynton, Hon. Mar-
tin Hawke, Mr. and Mu. Robertson, I)r Clunks', Mr. Ear.
ton, Mr. and Mrs. G. Dowker, Lloyd, Captain Wal.
11., Mr. and Mrs Hurst and family, Mr. arid Mn, Crompton
an, family, Mr. C. Thompson, Mrs. and Miss Butler, Mrs
HirPsor, .thass-Mweas Wallas,' Mr. mod Mrs. Talbot, Captain
and Mrs. Elwyn, Mr. and Mr.. Whittenhury, Mr. and Mr..
Itrooksbank, Mr. and Mrs. Jackson, Mr. Prym, Mr. Prym,
an. Mr. and Mrs. Cotterill, Rev. Mr. Dixon, Re.. Mr Vim,
Rev. Mr.Dasiilson,Ree. Mr. Pargion, Mr. Mrs. arid the Misses
l'raverians, Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs Loftus, and
Mr. *skims...

_ - -
His Royal Highness the Prince of WaLes, and
His ROYAL BROTHARS, intend honouring Captain
SHIFFNIN, of Combo Place, near Lewes, with their
company to dine, to-morrow, the first day of the
Lewes Races.
Mrs. SIDDONS took leave of the EFrmingham
Theatre, on WeJnesday last, in the part of Lady
Macbeth ; there was 2681. in the house.
Madame CATALAN! and her party slept in Bir-
mingham on Friday night, and attesded the rhesus
to see Mr. MiLvtir's Vapid in The
The Duke of Monzaoss, and the Earl of Lau-
IMDAL a. left town, yesterday, for Scotland.
The Right Hon. Joins Fonts left town, yester-
day, for Ireland.
Miss SMITH was io close her engagement at the
Edinburgh Theatre, on Saturday last, in the part of
Madame Cleraionl.
The Hon. Gene- BLIGH, and the Right Hon.
Lord Monet:Jo:. —.a, at.d suite, have arrived at
Glasgow.
Messrs. JONAS and Pansy wail open their
Theatre, at Lewes, this night, with the comedy of
nava and Country, and the farce of The Weathercoci.
The Races commence to-morrow.
Mr. Fivzstiasiwas has been a great favourite at
Edinburgh. The Edi4bargh Crowns says—" FITZ-
SIMMONS is a siager of no common merit ; to a
most melodious voice, he unites perfea science, and
a delightful taste ; he was accompanied on the
piano-forte, by Mr. Costar, in.."
Mr. Contour's Opera .ot The Travellers was to ,
be brought forward, at the Swran.ea Theatre, last
night ; and n:-morrow, the Comedy of The Poor
Gentleman, and The Agreeable Sterpri:e, by desire of
Lord and Lady Veit NON, will be performed.
Miss SMITH WAS to pity Rosalind, on Friday last.
at Edinburgh, for her own benefit, and recite Col.-
Lirosi's Oat as Me raatiGar.

Mrs. Stoticiss commenced her engagement at
the Cheltenham Theatre, on Saturday last, in Mfr.
Reverie,. Last night she was to play agaia at
Cheltenham ' • this night, Zara, at Gloucester ; and
The Glreciao Dung/der, and Margaret of &jou. on
Thursday and Saturday, at Cheltenham again ;
and on Monday, at Cirencester, to perform Mrs.
Beverley.
Mr. ELLISTMII was to perform Doke Dr Arease.
and Waller, in Tie Chart,' in the Wood, last night,
at the Manchester Theatre.
Mrs. Moon:rate has been severely Indisposed, at
Glasgow; she was, however, se much recovered,
that she was announced to perform there last night.
Madame CATALAN!. and het party, are to give
Concerts at York. the end of September, or begin-
ning of Odober.
The Earl of D•aximorors. Lord and Lady
CA WIOR, Lord and Lady Misroao, Dowager
Lady Ktristuotoa. Lady MA NULL and daughters,
Lady Etruao acid daughters, Mr. and Mrs. BAR.
sow, Major-General and Mrs. Gascoroms, &c.
have been at Haverford-West Races. TM ball-
room was crowded, particularly on the twe last
nights ; in short, every thing went off with so
much harmony and good humour, that all seemed
to have forgotten the recent contest for the county•
Glasgow is the first city in the kingdom which
has completed a monument to the memory of Lord
Nit‘ON. The building was finished a few days ago,
when it was decorated with four flags, and three
cheers were given by the workmen on the top,, and
a great concourse of spectators assembled oe the
Green. The vessels at the Broomielaw also had
their Bags hoisted all day, on the occasion. The
monument stauds on the High Green, is 145 feet
high, and is to be the termination of Clyde-street.
The Committee, we understand, have received a
number of appropriate inscriptions. Mt have not
yet determined oo the one to be preferred.
The Rev. and Hon. Trioras Sr. Lawazsca.
Dean of Coal, second son to the late Earl of
HOWTN, and brother to the present, it is said, is
appointed to 611 the vacant See of that Diocese ;
there is no appointment will relied more honour on
the Duke of Iticassoiso than this. Mr. ST. Law.
twice is a Philanthropist of the first order, and rich
in every public and private virtue.
On Sunday morning, the Wilt ult. was rung at
Wrotham, prior to divine service, a very excellent
peal, of 5120 changes, of Oxford treble bobs. in
three hours and twelve minutes, by the Gravesend
Society.—Rciezat Eva as. bob caller.
The St. Peter's Society ef Change Ringers, at
sheffteld, have runt, oo their Goble peal of 'Eli bells,
in honour of Lord Mixvoa having been elated for
York,hire, various composition,' of changes in the
technical asethods of Grands;re Caters. Ostord
Treble Bob Royal, and Steailasan's Principal ;
which were completed on Sunday, the 26th alt. to
the amount of 11.177 chintz... that being the new
bar of the Freeholders who voted for his Lordship.
The weight of the tenor bell is $ toss, lqr. Sibs.

17777

a ~‘"":',1,12 1111%7. 11" r `: •

4
4

tg,

. .
' SPORTING iffratLielurcs: ';''Y
..) VA
.....ememe-•
BRIGHTON RACES —Caseload. 445 ..).4111`
'' 1, .6.1. t;
1301/D•Y•
faitdieess retie of 501. far row, fire, sit year olit owl Sae 1
horses.—Fieattl. the New Course. rat
Ca ,rein Halt nden's :h g. TOM P,pes,6 re et 1,910.406 I lio
I) a Sr.Alban's h. f. Merrythought, 4to old, 7a1.4111. t A
Duke of Richmond's br.e Tetuan, 4 sni old, 2st.3lb. 9' 9
Warr ire a sealer.
-.....-.......--
EDINBURGH RACKS: '''' I '1421 4471.
THUIEDAY• IM As IIP a
The Hunter's Purse of SO Guineas. • 4•ll,lstaaS
Mr Ittlirls• imy - - - . • I. I Alta
Marquis ri:-l3rorcaro S;r Edward - - 2 3 ..,
Mr. Clialmer's Cardinal - - - - 3 2
(i Friday Mr. Brandling's mare, forums, walked o'er the
cour.• fir the ladies' Subscription Purer of Sitts. There wad
afterward* a hos hack race, of two heals, 'latch afforded good
spurt. .1
__,.._........ ...—....... .111 .
BRIGIJION, Auousr 9. 7
.......mumMem...-
7 e‘rlsch, 'Jr." r
His Royal Highness the Doke of Clarence sad
Colonel Dalrymple are just arrived at the Pavilion..
from Bushy Park ; the bells are baling nterrlVA2.
for his Royal Highness's arrival. Ted bawd_
playing in the front of the Pavilion, williahle11111.11111",
Hip.hness the Prince of Wales, his Itayitiladiasdb-
arid a party of Gentlemen, are under the Grand
Portico. in the front of the lanes, viewing she SUMP.
sous company who are out this evening; never
was there a greater assemblage of beauty and fa-
shion ; the Steyne is quite crowded. Earl Berkeley
is on the Parade, and the South Gloucester are
formed in a line, and are surrounded by speamore.
The sriges are crowded with passengers, and a
Newman ket stage is also arrived, quite crowded.
A gun brig is come to anchor in a direalema jra
seen from the Pavilion, and is dressed is
colours ; we uaderttand her name to btlllo ' •
All the pleasure boats are oat full of ' y;_
sea is smooth a glass, and ..
sands are also covered with • .. a&
diverted at seeing the pleasure Al
- •
their company, who are brought -4.1., --.
in the water-men's arms. and the ISt
ticks. Among theconspany arethe • . a
Berkeley ; Lord Kirkcudbright, who has bees '
for some tins; and is called "The Proteaerir •
the Ladies," is also walking with a numerous pant.
Lou. 10. %
The ponies anti donkies are all saddled, and
ilg for their ri..rs to go to the race-course wail.
front of Donaldwia's Library is a e
Exchange, Jews and Gentiles are e
the spor: of the day. The soldiers are me
and a great concourse of people is assembled. 41h
tr:chre o'clock the company began movin,t tomulls
the race-ground; the numSer of carria
era illy great as on Saturday. His Roya
rai
ness the Pa ince of Wales. on horse-back,
in a brown coat and brown beaver bar, arrived is
the ground at hall-past one. mounted on his ygsAli
poney, and accompanied by Colonel Les sad
another Gentleman. and one groom ; his Royal
Highness mounted his barooche seat with the Hon.
Miss Seymour. His Royal Highness the Duke of
Cl irence came on the ground in Mrs. Fitzherbert's
barouche. After the first heat, a complete whirl.
wind came on, which covered the whole course with
dust, and obliged the Nobility to Mat op their ear.
riages i in consequence of which. the sport of the
day was entirely spoiled : by three o'clock the
ground was entirely cleared, occasioned by the rain
coming on, to the great disappointment of a numer-
ous press-gang, who had come on purpose to clear
the town of many idle hands. with which it abounds.
Toward evening several sided penis* were formed
in different parts of the tows. His Iteyal Highness
the Prince of Wales had a select puny at dinner, at
the Pavilion; and, in the evening. entertained them
with Mr. ingleby's wonderful perforation:o of dex-
terity of hand. ;
__

An incorrea statement of Mr. Snaarnaw's is
tended motion, upon the state of Ireland, having
found its way into a Morning Paper, of yesterday,
we insert the following, which, we :i u:stand. is a
coned copy :

" RiaL;6lo.
" That this House will Immediately, on die meeting of the
ensuing Stblioll of Parliament proceed to take into their
most serious and 5010111111 C0111106:1ati011, the State and Geode-
bun of Ireland, in the easiest Mae, that mob otemetatto and
remedies may be safely adopted, is regard to the diseoraleate ale
leged to exist In that country, as may render uoneeesvary toe
coutinisasee d time provisitala Thiele the Leclatatuta of to
United Lioadtma hat domed it. orpadtent toteetaatly ao adopt,
at the dew of the proem Swiss, and the permanence of
which watald bee violation of the rights of /Pas people of Ire-
lad, sad • subversion of the spirit and pmeice of uur free
Constitudem."

The motion, we find, was deferred by Mr. See-
IIIDAI4, on Monday, upon a communication with
the Treasury Blnch, which induced a hope, that it
might be muddied so as to meet the support of
both sides of the House, but this hope, we besr,
is not likely to be realisci. The motion will,
therefore, certainly corn- on to-morrow.

4-

Tee I;eeeeskr. Of 64 guns. Captain Fors alto, t
arrived at Chatham on Saturday ; she has been ab.
sent from England nearly eleven years, and is in
very bad condition. She will shortly be paid off.
At the late Assizes in Ireland. Resolutions were
entered into at Kslkcr.ny. and other Towns, by the
Catholic., professing a cordial co-operation with the
Protestant Grand Juries, for the safety and tran-
quillity of the country.
A Board of Artillery Officers, of which General
Fa Raise:mon is at the head, is gone to the coast of
the Southern Destruct, from Woolwich, for the pur-
pose of determining on the beg mode of u -fence/or
the Martell° Towers which have been lately
erected. The first General meeting is errected to
be held at Sandgate.
The 24 West York Militia marched from Os
pringe and East Suffolk trout Ashford on Monday,
to do the garrison duty at Chatham II arracks. Os
Cake saute day. sic Companies of the 2J Sorr-y
tia moved also from Ashford to Hytne, to join the
remainder of that regiment at that place.
Tb. Ticket. No. 18,733, drawn yesterday a Prize
of 10.0001. was sold in one Quarter. three Eighths.
and sia Siateenths. by Sr J•ellts BIANsCOaI II and
Co. Proprit:ters of tbe Lucky Lutery OtLes. No.
11, Holborn; No. k 7. Corahill; and No 33, Hay-
market. Piccadilly t where Tickets and Shares are
now esYitsg, warranted undrawn, and *here like..
wise the first 30,0001. Pi ae, and the 4at SAVE is
lb. present Lottery. were sold in Shares.

a

f
