COIANIAI. SLAVERY.

The Marquis of LA NSIN tWNprese nted petitions from Caine,
ehimenhasit, and Devises, in Wiltshire, praying for the aixilition
of slavery in the Colonies.
LINEN MANUFACTURE--IRELAND.
. .

Earl DARNLEY said he wished to set himself right on the
subject of the bounties on coarse linen exported from Ireland. The
Noble Earl opposite had said, that there could be but little objec-
tion to removing the bounties on coarse linen, as little or none was
exported. Ile was surprised at the want of information of the
Noble Earl on the subject, when he considered the two Exchequers
of England and Ireland were united. Ile (lend Darnley) well
knew how consolerable wan the exportation, and since the Chancel-
lor of the Exchequer had announced his intention of taking ar the
bounties the greatest alarm had prevailed, and orders for coarse
linens bad been countermanded. For the information of their Lord-
chips, and the Noble Earl in particular, he would more fur some
documents that would throw a light on the subject. The Noble
I Poul then moved. that a message be sent to the Commons, re-
questing them to furnish a copy of the Report on the Linen Trade
Committee of the Ileuse of Commons. made in 1R32.--Ordered.
The Noble Lord then moved fur a return of the Weekly Sales of
Linea in every market in the county of Cork for the last three
years, and oho fora return of the number of convictions in the
county of Colt for the last three years.—Ordered.
These returns, bard LET continued. would chew, that
where industry commenced disorder ceased, and therefore it was
most desirable that an extinguisher should not be put upon &regu-
lation that had produced such beneficial effects.
The Earl of LIVER PIN /L was not aware that the exportation
of coarse linens from Ireland was so extensive, bin as it was pro-
posed to get rid of the bounden not at once but gradually, he hoped
all objections to the ultimate abolition of them would cease. No
man could be more anxious than he was fur the manufactures of '
Ireland to flourish, but he was confident they never would succeed
if they were bolstered by fictitious systems.
After a few words from the Marquis of Laxsoow Ns their Lord-
ships adjourned.
