A.

Elamhourir, tglrh
Jsae Damien Ih'er, Chief of tote t7..rre.per.i.i -rte of the
Csarhenao- Cu..f,dereey, In ht. Tavh.r, %twister .4 Hub
Majesty the King of Great Britani, to His IT.ghdeas the
Maw of Haw.

Sri—The leading chiefs of the Ciolienane confederacy,
which has the h. now r. he known :it ngly he Cohinel Dueal
as Wicrnar, but alsu by the Clwvalier Waricuurt rind Mr.
Wickham himself, hare directed int, Sir, to address you,
order to make known totem, chat that Confederacy, the .1.-stris
and strength of which must be kiinen by the eorresporidence
which it maintained, through nw. with Mr. Wickham, Ma-
shie, with the armies of the firth,- rent Pores in Germany,
Omagh the medium of M. M the baron. tit of
Stesktiihauweii, at the end of the year IBA, and the tr.giiming
of 1101, still eltiqg ; that the chiefs, as wrC a: all the union-
eisals comparing it, still sigh for their deliverance from the
yoke that oppresses them; and that they have n it a mom •rd.mt
wish than tr. break the fett-rs that enslave Clem, and prevent
MOO from reterning to the Mimi:iron of their Amnon mode,.
The war between Hi. Majesty the King your Sovereign, and
the French Go ierlimmt, rekindled by the ainigaitee and per.
tidy ofthe latter, hat revived their hopes that, by the aid sir
your Governoirmt, they may be clialied to tame the French
pride, sod to 't establish the liamniirs of near sot millions of
individuals, the great n.ajority of whom are animated with the
manse desire.

I intent you, therefore, Sir, to interim year Government.
es Nan at po.sible, of this °strew*, and to unite your e4Siris
Ow obtain a prompt re:ily on their part to the question, whelk',
the rising of thirtema detmitinents at leas ant .—ot thei•
Plans ; if they will deign to airl the conk-le:my with 11*.,
sabsidiev, ri.k upon thn good faith of those who, bit for the
unfortunate peace of I.uneville, irrieuhl have snewil themselves
worthy of their pmtection, a mo.lerate advance of 10,4001.
which will be meet:ars to the coefederacy for its remsammttou
and for arming the confederate. ; an armament which ha hi.
therm been neglected sin•:e the conclusion of the :mace of
Lunevitha and Amiens.
It is not necessary to paint the ad‘aliteres which will result
to the operations or your Government from this drvnro•t of the
enemy's force; it will be suffirient for me to tell you, that be
'warn the four departments of the left Bank, and a par, "(those
bordering upon ancient France, all the low Countries, former-
ly Amine, are 6.r us ; that we can reckon upon a great part of
the inhabitants of the United Provinces of Ifolland. art that
consequently the attack will tall 1.11,00 the most delicate part of
the enemy's territory, and will serve to cover the States of
Hanover, or to cause them to be evacuated, if the enemy dare
In fact to occupy them.
you will eclusowledge the receipt of this letter by ■ reply
which I entreat you to artetros,,, to be left at the Post (nice of
nattersheim, near Francitiort, where an Agent of the bwiting
Chiefs, who is upon hispurney to make el spositions to re
cognise the Cord•-deracy, will tome fur it the 1 ,th of Jane
Mat.
I am directe4 to give 'you pr:vruu•tr, all the 4w:tontine
ntlen, Without 446 ig the secret, may b.: necitsary to you.

-

If, however, you shall shim a sewer mode of eorres7,,eenee
than the rost, be so good as to tell me so in your answer.
Accept the assurance of the extreme esteem, with which I
have the honout to be, M--•
B.
LETTER TROK M. TAYLOR TO M. D. :
Cassel, Julie 17, lell3.
Stites.' have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of r our
letter of the 29th May, which, however, only reached rile nii
Thtt.day last. I lose no time in inforining you teat 1 imme-
diatels transmitted the letter to my Government. be a sure
cooveyance; but the occupation of Cuxhaven by the Freech
troops having interrupted the direll commie, ication with Eng-
land, 1 fear I shall be at least six weeks beim! can receive art
answer to it.
In the mean time. I shall he happy to receive from your
heeds same information respecting the important oblect of
your communication; and I request yin will, for the future,
address your tenets simply to Mr. Taylor, under cover to
Mr. Daerfeld, at Hess., Cassel. For greater safety, I re-
quest you will make use of sympathetic ink, composed of a
solution of sugar of lead, in conveying the more important
matter of your letters. The only compoution which GUI
make that writing legible not being generally known, I think
you may, without risk, confide your secrets to it.
I have the honour to be, with perfect crinsideratinii,
Your very humble and very obedient servant,
BROOK TAYLOR,
Minister Plenipotentiary from His Britannic
Majesty to the E•ector of Hesse.
To Mr. D. I—r.
C.
J. D. 161 R TO KR. TAYLOR.
Ste, Elsenbourg, July 12, ISIS.
It was not till the 9th inst. that I had the pleasure of receiv•
ing the letter you did me the honour to write to me on the 17th
alt. for the Agent in Chief, to whom it was addressed only,
receive,' it the Sth of this month, when it arrived at the port
of Hattersherm
I gave immediate communication to the leading Chiefs;
and it will also he prnposed to the General Council of the
Confederacy at its meeting, which will be on Friday next.
Imin irately after that meeting, I shall have the h,iimar to
transmit you the documents mentioned in my last ; in
the mean time, I remark to eon, that every thing i. .. the
reveal activity with u., to make the neces.ary
The Agent in Chief, to whom the letter you di f tn.• the li.ireeir
to wnte to me was addressed, only received it the sth, the dry
on which it arrived at the post of Hatterslwim, and in coils,.
quence I had not the pleasure to receive it till the 9th. Imme-
diately made it known to the leading Chiefs, in their titian
yesterday, and I shall propose it also to the Council Ge.eral ar
their meeting en Friday next Te prevent letters in future
from experiencing the same delay, the Chiefs have resolved to
propose to the Council Geri-rat, that one of them shall repair
to a place nearer the frontier, from whence lie may with less
difficulty and niore promptitude receive your letters, and trans.
mit you theirs.
The multiplied labours to which the revived hone of break-
ing our fetters has given rise, and principally thoee which the
Council General occasion tae, prevent rite, Sir, from Sending
with this latter the dneurneats I spoke of in my lard; but
shall immediately occupy myself upon them after the meeting
of the Cowen', and will transmit them to you about the 2:ith
j or 27th Mu

In the mean turn*, I must observe to you, that Heaven
itself imams to favour our uad staking. The man, of whom
his penis ins are accustnined to say, that he holds its his hand
the fate of the universe, is going to pay us a snit. If your
Governmant place us is a canditied to hasten our preparations,
which, :trier those we have made, will nut require much time,
we shall, perhaps, by a sing!! blow, pin an earl to all the
disasters of which that infer.ial ge ll ll s has hitherto heti' the
author. I leave it to you to retied upon this, and wait iour
answer upon it.
Provisionally. and till the Council General has come to a
resolution upon the subject, I beg you to address your letter
" Tea M Grltschinitt, at M. kurh-nger's, brewer, at W •;"
it will rdichl me without fail by that means. I thank you for
riiiiimunicatioo of the solution mentioned in your la•t.
Pon a. it is to be foreseen that you will yourself be in the habit
of araeing use a st, I have the honour to request vim to coin-
munirate nn us also tbc second which you speak of, to use it
in ease minted.
1 beer ywrr vrilehave received s►e reply t• my last propped,
or that at least it will soon arrive; and I intiost you is that
case to make it known to us as soon as possible, for all of us are
anxious for it, and fill pet their safety from it.
Accept this assurance. &c.

D.
►LOST HIGH AND MOST rowcarui. erOlte:l THE
THIRD. lIINO O► THE UNITED KINGDOM or
GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.
Audaurs forum& juvat.

tread quieten of the Oarhenane Confederacy, Any. 1,1101.
Tho Council Geii. and Chief% of the Cisrtienaite Conie-leraey
to tb.• most iii t and most powerful George the Third, King
of the Mined Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Deign to permit tM Corhenane peo-ito, repressed by an ara
elan, ■,.d cruel Con•lurror, abandni id ov the universe, to
throw themselves at the feet of your Majesty, and to implore
you, thomph us, to crime to their assistance, and aid them in
thrnwhig off the rr:atnn:,•al voice that oppresses them.
Upwards of 170,C3.1 1141/kW ds Dave sworn t break, Is heit-
ev er a favourable npport unity shall uffcr, the fetters that chain
them, or to bury thenivelset with every thing that is mint dear,
wirier the wreck ♦nd rum if their fortunes, beim, they will
bow the boos to the detested idol which it is wished to force
them to worship.
Tranquil hitherto under the Government of our lawful
Princes, eMnying the sweets of Pe ire, eoinnserce, and all the
arts NOWldlloir,lne public cositribi,tmes moderate, the course
ofjustice speedy anti open, the exercise of religion free, and
her ministers revered, the road to dignity and office open to
talents; such was our situation Aetna a cruel destiny tore us
form the boom of Germany, which had nursed us fir yr inane
centuries, to bind us to the triumphal car of a cruel and
haughty enemy, hateful to iis from has laitzu..ge, and the per-
verseriess of he meta's, an 1 still 140111frion the instate antipa-
thy that exists between him mail es.
Ranted now by the effects of& war without example, Corm.
men= destroyed itt its fundaiuental sources Arts and %Lew-
feoures darvirig the eupulsiou ads.: 7ubdity anal t'lerKs ;
the public cotton:wenn,* carried ter a thiniund diferetit
lame, a, esioadaitt anus ; the course i•f justice tardy, at the
mercy of chicanery; the religious funds, been —a het be this
piety of our ancestors, swallowed up; the &4111.1. s of else
altar reduced to poverty and degraded ; every past 14 iiuniiur
arid profit occupied hs unknown foreigners, who, without ta-
!etre, arid ignorant uf the state of the Country, are not sequanted
with it. real interests Such, Sire, is the parallel drawn from the
nature of our former slavery, and the so movie boasted happi-
ness of French liberty. It will justify to the world the despe-
rate ere lotion or hoisting the vitandard of insurr.eirrio against
a Government illegal in itself, perfidious in its premises, and
eppre.s.ve in its actlons.
We hot resolved to declare ourselves during the last war at
the hegiiinirog of the Year 1801: but scarcely ►ad we completed
our rogatirsation, and filii.died the Itecegaire preparatiurts,
when, at the very moment in which we had fixed the day ler
general in•nrrectiun of all the territory Isetweett the sea, the
Rhino, and the old (rootlet of France, the conclusion of the
peace of Lunesille and of Amiens destroyed our project., and
airiest our hopes.
The war, rekindled by the perfidy of the French (*.morn-
ment, &lords us the most favourable opportunity for realising
our designs, because the attention of the State re exclusively
direlted to that objeCt, and because the division of its forces
render it Iwo powerful and formidable. but tie preparations
of the year 1800 and 1801 hare exhausted our means, and we
are at present Wally unable to execute our projects, if your
Majesty do not deign to conic to our assist.ince.
And it is fur this reason that we throw ourselves, in the name
of the Carlos: sane people, at your Majesty's feet, lotreating
'tour Majesty to hare pity upon the liaise:nu of au oppressed
people, groaning undo tile yoke of their oppressors, and grant
us some moderat • subs dy, by which we may in a short time
r.. establish our means, romplete our preparations, aiel eider
the lists against our mortal enemy, who is also your litajetty's.
The blessings of eight millions of men, whom year Majesty
ell base restored to happiness, and who, ►y their Invariable _t.

taclimeht to your 114ajest,'s petuni, and the interest n( tour
grown, w, l endiravuur to prove the gratitude that aiti.iiates
thew, will be the sweet reward of the distinguished benefit
your Meaty will render to the Corlietione people, and will
prove that your Majesty has nut lavished your favours upon the
unworthy.
Sire, Your Majesty's most humble, :nay obedient, and
most faithful servant', the Pi:sideitt and Secretary of the
Council General.

(Signed) LACK, (Ire.)
I B. GIISON, p.
MARTIN, (Ire.?
GILLEr, (Ire. 1
And the temlin Chiefs, litandry, Gau•
den.—Th. Chi.•f of the Cotresposmhitce, Ihkr.

E.
I. C. G. AND L. C. S.
Gth August, 1803.
Me Lords and Gentlemen composing the Council of State of
his Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland.
After •:ating that they had made known the existence of
the Confederacy to M. d'Albiiii, at the end of the year
IROO, that they hail at first fixed a general rising for the night
of the Ist February, 1801, but that not h..witlq receiv.ll a reply
to a letter, in which they had sol;cive I iieconairy aid, they
were forccel to put off the riiing to th•e o•glt of the sith March ;
before that time, they were inform. ••t the c•mclu.n.o of the
treaty of Laineville on 9th February. That M. d'Albins Own
declined all concern in their affairs; that the French peon.
m•nt began to suspect the existence of the confederacy; and
that, seeing thenieleecabsildui..ll by tile wield, they wei•
forced to remain quiet :ill a favourable oppintunity should wire,
which opportunity was now affordol then, by the war between
France and Eneantl. They pra•e,.l, "We think we are US-
t fled in sti..pwing this to be the favourable moment by the
f4.loWii.;;
" Ist. Tne fortresses of the country, though welt supplied
with amniundi. 41, 6,i tiller!, and ahnu,t e•airely un-
suppl,ed with ;r•..,.0; so ti,.,, if we exe•pt the foitresset tot
the c.tast, there wi'l oat be foond 8000 men in all the garrisons
of the conquered c..,intrl-4, which will render their expulsian,
and owe occiiiiying the strong ~lacer, more ern•, and less dan-
gerous, without m ludhng to our statement, th it the shindies
in these place. will furnish ui at the beginning with cv:ry thing
w•e traA ArmY, and ammunition.
" 21. The, la,el toners of France are now dis cruet from the
extremity of Italy to the north of Germany, and consequently
cannot be 'suited ,s'on enough to oppose to tic at first a suffi-
cient Puce to 'tide the insurrection in its cradle.

" &I. The pen& of these countries are its much as possible
irritated again+t the French, sn that we have reasoe to flatter
ourselves that net only the majorlti, but the peneiality of all
the Ciarhlnane people will ►e on our side, and so much the
more, because thorn even who were formerly partisans of the
Revolution, seem; their hopes frustrated, acknowledge their
error, and the perfidy of she French promises, and sigh (or their
former COOlilliOn

" 4th. The force of the Confederacy .s much more eonsider•
able than it was in 1801, for then we. reckoned 0:11. lio,ooo,
whereat' now we are upwards it 17°,00(!, and we may be- car.
tam that, by the other anal.ennt-ins who w.ll join u., the num
ber will exceed 300,0u0 before ten days elaine after the insur-
rection besides, nor country abound, in grain awl etoreoona
ofall kinds, se that we have no need to purchase them else
where, at least at first

" sth. There exists in the interior of France, andchiefly in
the neighbouring departmegts, another Confedeacy, called
the Unrsins, which only wait, for a favourshle moment to visa
140 iii order to overthrow the press it Got 2risinetit, and to re-
establish the Republic and Constitution of 1795, ur of the
year 5 • this Confederacy, which extemis it: ramifications
throughout France, is infinitely more numerous than ours, but
t,o dispersed to be abl ts unite, unless an external shock af-
ford then an occasion; they rely much on partisans among
the troops : so that we have room to believe that the enemy,
occupied by internal troubles, which, as Ills been agreed with
the Chiefs of the Unmet, at Witten Fontaine, near Rocniy,
in Champagne, on the 15th of Feb. 1801, will immediately de-
clare themselves after the insurrection of 1110 coniuvrel nnun-
tries, will not be able to oppose to us any vary consnlerahle
force.

's 6th. Holland, oppressed like us be her pitiless conqueso,
reduced from the rank of a &avert:en State, to that et a tribu•
use province, reined in her corninernri slog equally for her
deliverance, and are ere sure, that the mutt uc r.se, al:
that countty will unite with us to throw oq the rre.cli yoke,
and rest we its ancient piosperity."
These motives, the importance of which it is ea., to sse,
make th, hope th.it the present war between His M.ipt•tv the
King of Great Nut ill), and the French Government, will fur
lush us with en occasion so long de,iied, to break the fetters
that have enslaved us for eight or nine years, and to pin an
end to the calamities which French lawny hat heaiteil 111),141
tr.; and it was in this h.ipe„ that we made, 0:1 the '.l9th May,
the he•t opening of our proietts to Nfr. T., I.e, His Malestr's
Min..ter to the Prince wt liege, who has niformst.l us that he
would acquaint his Government with it, and szto.l us theit re-
ply. In the expectation of that reply, we hay: recumnienerd
our aol have P. organised the oiuhslenscv, rah violet
that, .horrid that reply be favor/able, as we Witter annul., it
w id, we ma., without further delay, adopt such a system 01
aftivity, as that the insurreniou shall take place before the
winter.

The two pi Lures we have the honour to annex to the pre
cent, contain, first, the detailed account of our forces ;
second, the sketch of the protected military organisation. In
referring to the nieninrial which our Charge d'Affaires then
transmitted to M dated the 19th Deceentiv, IS:N,
and which, accontin; to the assurance of the iartsr, Wit to
Mr. Wickha in, Minister Plenipotentiary with the roilviceil
armies, these two picture: will suffice to make known to woo
the present state of the confederacy. It reinain. for us only to
pre you a sketch of the manner in which we design to have
the insaireztion take place, aid of the inilitaiy operations that
are to follow it.

The rising will rake place in all the country in the same
night, which remains hi be determined upon; we shall begin
by surprising, in that night, by different divisiint. (the force of
which wilt be proportioned to that of the garrison), all the
strong places : such as ',aortae, Stich., Mentz, I.llKeillhootg,
Mrseoiicht, &c. at thrums time the other federates renamis
,n their towns or villages will ariest, without dinimtion,
ail th- iu,wtionaries and other adheient, oft; e French, a. well
as ill the individuals who are French by loan, who shall then
be %hilt op in secure places, to serve as hostages. The next
day site shall publish a proclamation to the inhabitants, in
which we shall acituaint them with tho exitteoce and
oliicio of the Confederaiy, summoning them t. join
the Confederates, under pain of hong heated ea
.At ths came time we shall proclaim the abolition of all th.s in-
direct imposts, such as the duty of registry, the stamp duty,
co.tion ditty, patent., right Cdpassage, and all the ground
rem., and shall only preserve the direct cOatritmtialis, which
shall be empliweri in paying the troops, and to the e‘poicer o!
the war, as well as those of the internal adnuntStrattml. lie.
nied sale after the operation, the f*deraus shall r..lota to the
place, pointed out to them for the organisation of the different
corp., trims whence they shall set o't without dela, , to the
places j for the assembling tit., dlhf rent oriole: lir the
projected plan, all these movements shall be efferVid, and the
armies, formed in the space of a fortnight at the latest, necks
oiiing fonts the day of the losorrection, so that if the enemy
approach, they will had a nom; resistance. We shall divide
the force of the confederacy in four bodies: one of 21,000 melt
will take a position in the environs of Landau, and will giuM
the defiles which descend from that side the lid, of Lid
55,41/0 will occupy the ervintry en the too sales tai the MO-
selte the third, of •;n,tru, will begin the investiture of the
frontiers of France, from Namur to Dunkirk; and the fourth,
of 'Ol,OOO, will march agaiii4 (leneral Monier, resocimpy
Holland, and endeavour to beat and rain that arm,. A. it is
agreed upon that the mal-contents of the interior shall be els,
hi motion, as soon as the iniurrection of the conquered Coen.
tries shall be declared, the enemy w ill not be able to approach
us, aid will leave us time to inure our troops by the destruetein
of the army of Hanover, and to perfect our organisation. If
one of His Majesty's fleets would then appear with a •nffscient
body of troops to occupy all the strong places on the coast.
we will place them willingly in their hands, in order that we
may employ the garrisons against the rue my •
It is City to see how great must he the benefit resulting from
the.e operations, which, by the insurrection of the malcontents
of the interior, cloned be prevented in any manner, and that
nut only must the enemy lose their army in Hanover, whose
reheat will be cut off ; but that also they cannot set foot so

soon Co our could, s, becasase 11. e insurrection ioil r •
to wi Oa we Shall join, in proptxt:onate corps of °lv
will make Week enough fiw them to make them forger
affairs, and will leave us tone enough to consolidate th
With respect to the future organisat:on of these comu„,,,
we think it wilt be. best to :nake them a separate State,
tpse d..prodence of which shall be guaranteed by other Pi „
ns,.;
will acrveora barrier to Genitally —not entertaming t,,
surdity of De:nocrite, I le,,s, we wish fur Monarchy, aik;
vv
then entreat His Mai at: to grant us for out Scowege,
Rival Iligh,le.ab the e of York ; whose great
have, during his residence in :..srt of this I•o,,tirry. ~,„ all
Such, My Lords and Gentlemen, are the post:nets o;
Federates Imposing the C,oliestana Canitectrra-y, the .pp:
val or tuiroction of which we have the hratour to submit ta
your wisdom
(After stating that the annual revenue of the state w:11 ht 19
milliorta and a half of li•rnitt, and that the pay of the
will be but 12, they add, that the preparations 01 the yral
1800 anti 1801 have to drained their foods, that they ea,"
undertake any thing, without Aron tonal assistance. The,
thelefore request an advan,:e of 10,0001. sterling, which the.,
ass-ot will re-establish their credit, and citable them to exetaa
their plans for humbling the. pride of the French G05.,,,,,,„c
and delivertng the cletprrised countries}.
We enter nut tato the detail of the advantage, th.t w
talc from our opetations, to those of the anus ,i;
We th nut speak of the division that w.!' •.,.
enemy's fume; of the deliverance of Hanover !.
guittlr thaLare ruining it We remind you only o. i, •
glory that will accrua to the liiitith Government. ~ •.
• miinent alone tame VI it haughty individoal, of
holding in his hands the fat; and of dielating iaw, roall
rope; and tltz blesaings too will deserve from an i,,,oreswg
people, bv breaking the fetters under which they grim,.
We hope that tin Nfajedy will deign to accede ,o otg
prayer, by granting tis the subsisty we desire; and we nylpi„,,
you to trato.mit, as anion ac possible, your reeolutem tattoo the
stthject, upon which well depend for ever the inisere tar b:17,,4,
nee. !jibe Ciolumane people, to Mr. Taylor, at Caottl,
who will send d to us

It scirr, M 1,,td4 and Gentleru.n. the alturanee Ng the
treme devotimi that w.i.nates oil for the Ca Me of an sovenvh,
acti the burelne wdrem mtit elt.ch we have the hunger to be,
Ily Lqels a,nl t;enil-men, yones, 4e. he.
The president and ti...erPtarieJ of C. G and
the (.; S.
