be .7ZrittoD iartfo

TUESD,IY, JAti

:CRY 9, 1810.

TRANSPORT•OFFICE, J A 11. 1, 1510.
THE CO 14 ISS 10 N lit for custitirtitte: Ili,
Afejestv'srromfport Sr lice, /sr taking Care Vski &ad
Froradrd Srgnere, esq.fer th. rare aid Caosely of Prosser's trf
Wor, do here: I ere No ire, that they Ira Gr ready, or this
(Yher, oa TV ES 0.11 ". the liith sr Jass.trs, Id la, to re.
ceire xeJled Traders, aid treat with seek Pe,•nst as "ay he silt-
ing In contract for Victualling Priewesri of War us 'lsola, sad
is Nicker w, et Dartmoor, fir six with' certain, fro*. s.l* Ist
/hock, got 3:

This day 1. published, i. S sots. fro. price
Iboards,
H!? BRITISH CIC KILO ; AG A Selection of
the war admired Spuerbies is the English Lauettaite,
arrauerd •lider Three dratted !leads of Popular, Paths-
nieutar),aud Jadicial Oratory, with Historical illostrations.
To which is prefixed, au lutrudoetiow to the Study sod
Practice of Elinsynee.

14.1 HOMAS BROW NF., LL D
Printed ter Luaguhuo, Hurst, H.-ru, and Orme, Paternal'.
kv-row.

No teirder win he rneeitret after Ov ertnek on the Day of
Treaty, nor any noticed, rotes, the Party, or as -,4ginst fei &any
pwr.onsay oigend. Rack Tesder weft be oivonepanionf bn • fee-
ter
.froPe Iwo retpeete4le Permee, enge,Lin,Q.t• bound with
the Peron, trrederieg, ib the Seem of L.:04,0 Jre the dee peeteron-
ewe qf the Ceelraet.

" We cano..t take dkr Leyte of this publication, witbotit
,xpreitairg our both approbation of its d, se.. and eargai.
taw, arid of recianinenJigia it to the perusal Sod study of all
*l'" *lo' to form &just tutimair of the oratorical Went, of
the eniineut mei!, whose 'Teethe% it eal,ibile, a, to imPrO"
theinueirea in the tinkle art of eloquence."—Amosal Rroriew,
teoti.

Farther partiett,ors mesa la know*, by emilyicl at this Nike,
or to Copt. Cotaretre, Dartosnor ; or (rapt. ibeel.l. Pl4llllllll,

UNION FIRE-OFFICE, CORNBILL, LONDON,
ESTAILISHED IN 17's,
Foil the Insuripsee of all kiarts of limeMirtgi,
im,„seid Finwi", Utensils and Stock is Trade
et, IP MI figlitVl,N, Formirse Stork, and Ships in llorl
Thi oar,
In Doe*, or while liouldinz,.frow Loss sr &saws hg Pins, Nep-
Sewn:ally, rlossuity, or ter short period..
Persons whine "'reifies bzeoute due at CDR 1...TM:1S
next, are respectfully anfireal:d, that they will love the Be-
nefit of t said Paliciea, tiie Premium ruul Duty are out
pauel op s berate the 9th d.O of Iwia I.), idio.
Pare of d•ud. and ii?.eards,
La Nu et nee by Ligliitaing lure always Nees abir pool
by tails Satiety.
_ _

THE ITALIAN LANGUAGE
The following met of Hooka of lostrottimi In the bodies
Linguaze, the prosei plea of which are. e.say mut spurt's ell,
are this, day re-priuted for LACKINGTON, ALLEN,
sod CO. Temple of the Muses, Fiashory.atpore, sod are
rewpretfully aa'aLit tot to the attention of Schuols, •
GlG4fai Vs I ALLAN (;RA it I,lAii. rtn a
iiiapte and eam, plan, sever beton, attempted, bsload*.
GR~bl.L.'a ITALIAN EXE.ltelyiefo, adapted to slot
ali..wr Grammar, es.
GRACILIAS COLLECTION of ITALIAN LETTERS,,

. .
. ,
Mr.lith.lA'S !TA LIAR mai ENGLISH! aid ENGLISH
. .
sad ITALIAN lifel'fbNAßY, 7s. •
(IL 1111. AS is ITALIAN, 4,i44. II S.

.
••• Forma, *pet at is. per cent. wittiest tip
clause. IV Order. C. P. GALASIN, In

rV BISH, whn wol,l. io the lityt L.sttery. the
1. • following Capital Prises is Shares:*
thatr.......A....g.,0,000 I sAi a D....L .to,ono
4,099 D 5,,000 I 3V3 R...... tomstwo A ',non 113 p s ifiK,
3411 D SOI, 4,vti C ...... 9,0
Estrada hi. Friends, sod the Public. in germs% to lose n•
like.; iq they wish to purchase To kyta or Shares in Ilia
N LtilY LOTTEILY, us the de.iwing brains and Ainslie.. WI
the 14iti• of NEXT 111QN TH. Time -cis. rur CAM I WOO
soon) Natalie's, and 3,0 n• Pthzes, among whirls are
e.. . .of . L.stoooo 112 of I t,no•
4
At Scr. fie.
—. _

This day is pultial.ed; in One large Yalirne, Regal Qesrle,
price A. :4 is ;in irds, illestratill by One Headrest ass/
Plates, enutaianse considerably muse ihmi*Thinaeaud
Mythological Fiern• and :;.isbiecta, all taken from ori-
visual tumors, Pictures, Esray.itions, Cohissal and "thee
Statues, Obritakp, Coins, Mcdala, /se. sewer &line ea-
Retired, dedicates{ to Ilse Nee. Jesetbia Duncan, Go-
, armor of Ile "bay, -
T liE lIINDU PANTHEON.
By EDWARD mom ERR
• Member of 4be Asiatic Seriety of Calcutta, sod of the Literary
Society or Boasbey.
Printed Fir J. Jotnison and Cu in Si. Pears Church-yard.
W
here stay be .bad, ilee same Author,
' A NARRAIIVE of the OPER tTlf/NS of Csiotale
LITTLE'. DETACHMENT, and of the mAtißArnt
ARMY, during Ilse bite Verdi duet" in 'edit' aeainst the
liatrab Tipper' Sultan lelettut, with Plates. tl. 1 is. tid.

Tickets sad Shares are 'idling at both of BISH'S old esta-
blished Offices, Mere pet-suer au the country airy lan sup.
plied stab Tickets or Shan, by sending their Order.' (pator cat-rage-paid) ane.inpanied with god Bills. Bank Nutt.%
or Cush, to No. a, COB NHI Lt., or %CHAN! ‘t; efto.ig,
• tr,tixt, the last 30,00u1 was di-awa ua the lath I'lo7,
and so:d by Bish

Tbia day is published, handsomely printed in two large vols.
ago. prow, i beards, 11. 10. the *Meath edition of
E,. Kll KS 1.5 .1. (iEN KK AI. KN4-)W-
Lev)Cm, intrndoetery to astral tarok. in the piaci.
psi brooches Litrrature and Science allh he.-. 0 the
most approved Authors ; incloding the best erldions of the
Classics Iheigued chiefly Co the Junior Stades. sto the
Camersitien, and the higher awe,* in Schools.
ey HENRY Kt4T. S.D. •
Fellow of Trinity College' Oxford.
Printed fur Messrs. Rivington, St. Paul's Churcii-ward;
ilatelsartl, Piccadilly ; and &gismos, Whitebait; J. Parker
and J. Cooke, Mated , and throtlitors, Cambri.tge.
Of wham may be hot, be the s one .lelhor,
~ HIS filar the INTERPRETER of PItsPRECY,
the fifth edition, is two vole seu. price, is boatels, toy
-2. !NMI': A Moral Tale, the wood tato°, in tau
vols. ropy eve. price, its hoards, lea.

Ti) OF. DIbPOSEO Of,
IIE LEASE of 4 n• wsE. withFuaNl-
x. TITRE complete. winds bas ',rem reteatly litieJ up
in the twat eiegaot 1111111l1fr, in a gn.cl satiation, in a awe'
kip!inx So, awl in 16,11 r Of, RI ./31111,11.9 Park, and a/alibi. a few
=Mutes' wail( "(bob H..w.es .if P.iritament.
May be seen, and part.telaca kn..en, by appl;cetioo to 'Jr.
Brasier, Fishmonger, King-street, Weateibtaisi, between
the bun, of ten stet two.

R.O It wuttlitaust a Vlertiher nf Par' isaieitl.
Ileokira—.-ttly published by 3. MA tVMAN, Nr‘77o=r):
l7lr'lit HIS ll.t/itt. tor FRANCE. moil r tne
' • 11: Mimi of she race Valois, fives the *creed:in of
Charles the Fifth iis 'SU, to the ikath of Chaste' the Ninth
iii It., 4 RyINATHIARREL AIi.LIAM WRAXALL, r.e.i.
—Tee That el Edition, with very eon. id:Table A u ziarastateous, . -
MORI% D PERSONS.
4 rot. 401) 16ii hoards. by the semi. Author,
i A TOUR I'HNOVGH the R tovr ERN. SOUTH F
. 1.. A ANY PerPenner.l..t.lieri nr lien le men. sin4le nr.
bed INTERIORPROVINCES of FRANCE, iii Cie I. serried, within' to 'wake the meet 'I" tßeie an'AcY.
erlknoome-firi. Tient firiiirr.n, =crocked mil may ""In it ielteilJßAd savoy, at la per Gut. swilif they.
price 40. t 14131.1%
-"Alabrelt. need Waste be known. • .. - .. . .
3 The TRAVELS of ANACHARSIS the Yoanger, to A p isl y, or artdrwes (poig-pai.l) to tr. Welsh, Ner. 40, Up-
Grter.., tittrio.44 the Middle of the Fourth C. many. li. Tire the Per Mary-la bonee•wreet, utter, a card may be had to bia
ettrsati4u hie ; trauslsted from the Freuth of the late Abbe "'Well" ' few pars "111.-"--
13ar:belenly. : •.• Nto•iey edeauced on Dills, Mile* of hated, and Annul-
!
To which ere yarrixrd. Memoirs of the life of J.J. Bar-
Leo, es nom/.
thelemy, written li) himself is 1 ytu and 11,44: with a Por-
trait 0. the Aathur. Hawlsnruely priused, 0.7 Vols. ay...
and an eighth in 4tu. eu‘ittlittog M 44. Pleas, Views, and
Cotes, illustrative of tb• Gt.tcraphy mud Antiquities of .tu-
tient Greece. A New Edillul, bring the Foal th, price 41. a..
boards,

WAN l'Ept sa C()(..)K at an Inn, a inoil.l'e-
aired "e ran. Noile apply who tht tutt
irtaistaml their basitteint well, end why.* char.etrt will nut
ht ar the strivest sayairy.
Apply at the 34-an Ism, Borough, this day, and to morrow.

4. M EMORIA Lld of NA riift E and ART; collected is
• Journey iii Great itritaiii, during the Tears situ: and taut.
qty Christian Augustus Gut r.ieb Gurde. Traaslasi frost the
original German, by Thames Home. In a you. small dirt/.
twice the 64 hoards.
5. Au HISViiitICAL VIEW 14 the ENGLISH GO.
vER N M PAT, fools the Settlement of the Sexous in Brame
to she preps lit 'rinse with **tale Dissertations co:averted
with the Hi.iory of the Government. By J .4sis Millar, Pro-
crow of Law in the Ussivertity of Glasgow.
" A g the Philosophies of Ilistiry, Protettor
nitrite is high, perhaps the bights' rank. The sagacity with
which he detects sod indicates, even to realists periods.
thine prrilisp rirronotatices, which produced the gene-
ral f." 4, of rv,ists, is wholly LW, ivalled. His geutralizatiims,
.- s livorct ;cal sat reacts, are wino-root and very laze moss;
His n dertioi *evince Jeep peoeti aims, grid his discussions
a ilicernoirvit log subtlety —Alta. Rev. Ifed
4 VW* 800. 11. I ie. boards.
6. The HISTORY of SCOTLAND, from the Union of
the Crimes, ois the Accessiou of James Vl_ to the .nbs see of
England, to the Unjust of the Kingdoms in the rue of
Quiets AVM.

The lleroual Edition, correetcii, with a Pr..limisaryDia-
aertauon nu the P3111C111.011111 at Mary Q.lets of Stilts its
the Alur.ler of Darnley. By :11.11colia Lauer, Esq.
4 V 4.14 tiro. ii. 16s buSvds.
•.• The Dgesettstion may be had serrate, to eossqlote
the forate► FA,l!lod,.prire i ea._ _

7 A Gr.NFRAIL VIEW of tile WRITINGS id ILAN-
ft...ll4rd fa:teney. M.D
....._. .

The Second Biotin. ; with Corrections., conoi4erahle
Ad-
dit,..na, and Mcnioir% of ;be Anibor. By William George
Ma.ott; M D F R.S. F.% 4. Fellow of the Ron! College of
PhyoT.ano, and a Vice-Prnaui. nt of the Loansan Suesety of
Londou.

To which is annexed, the Diary of L owerio, written he
him% If, and now traoslated into flattish, from the Swedish
Mannacript, in rsocaidon of the Editor. Hain!sonsely
printed in I hie lane Volume, Royal Quarto, (uniform in site
and type with The Transactions of the LIUMICAIb Society of
Lond.m), and embellished with Portraits of Linaeus anal
Or. Pultesey, with a Sue Plate of Medals, and a ran.
sioute Linn:Fos% hantl• writ eng. Price 11. hicirds.
it. ANNALS of COMM F.KCE, M.ANUFACI'Utt
FISHIKIE.a, and NAVIGATION; with brief Notinrs of
the Arts and Sciences consorted with th►ta. CoWinini..X the
Consiorrcol Transeu.tiosis ul the British Unp.re, and tither
Cowries, f theirs:hest A..tcoouts to the meeting of C.*
Unino Parliament, in January, tweet. By :Amt.! %Lir ',her-
sou. Neatly painted on niciLum paper, in Four large Vu-
lowa, Ito price al. to in boards.

9. DOLI NSH ED'S CH IG /N ICLES of ENGLAND,
"COTLAAD, arra LLAN ; ►Vula large 41e. PI
twArds

in. TONRof ALEXANDER. A Dissertation on Hee
'iarrophaeus brunght from Melilla& ia, sort inn, in the Ref-
iteh . Dy Eduard Daniel Chiske, LLD Hand-
eumely priutell is Qu.uto, nab Eire beautiful Plates, by
,s. hoard. by the sa,ur Anal r,
C.O‘II.I.ETE DICTIONARY of the ENGLISH LAN.
GU AGE., n, Vu.s aro Ile borti,le.
LEN CR LS an EI.OLUTION ; together with Ten
Di.seriatieus Y 4 Imagsage, ti..er Ediu,sa. No. Frill
6s board.

ethic KIG.V LVTF. LLIGENCE.

SPANISH PAPERS.

REPRPSENTATION TO THE SUPRE'VE JUNTA.

Tale %largest* de la Ho:nose has rolfbeesed .1 very
long Reprecentateino to the S ipr• m.: Cent al Junta.
dated Seville, October 14, relative to the fora' of
governmesit which it or necessary for the nation ,moo•
tneltitcly to adopt. He says, that, a. it it nudes.
uitoilde the government is monarehical, it einem,
l.a represented ley and miser, without • total change
of the Constitution ; and that a Janis, contioresed
inure than thirty ineenlwra, with the character of
sovereigns in their respective provinces, instead of
representing our ',cloyed Sovereign, Ferdinind VII..
can only represent a sovereign people; which demo-
cratic retires. isticintiis nut only the most anti-eoweti•
tutional, but the most opposite to the bromic loyalty
of the Spanish people, who have never pretended
to :command a* Suveneign, notwithstanding the ab-
sence and oppressive detention of their Sovereign.
The people e.tablished particilar Juietar in their
respective provinces, to maintain order and direct
their oeitertiovs. These were afterward, resolved
into the Cent ral Junta, which, when it was intatilled,
was objected to in various publications, as illegiti-
mate in it, formation; but those worthy Spaniards,
who only wished the happiness of their country, and
to drive their perfilliolis eneinie* from its territory,
refuted ihese writings, knowing the critical circum-
stances in which the nation was placed required the
roncentedion of power, In one manner or other, to
gain the principal and glorious object. These dis-
pute* agitated the opinion of loony ; but they were
calmedl by the Man& .to oldie g6th Octolicr, I FOB.
published by the Supreme Junta on the loth Nov.
--Tile nation conceived the moat e titeving hoper
of a government which propel-oat to maintain
arms 800,000 infa•itry, and 30,090 cavalry ; to give
an evict -arconnt of the fond* And rut/emir which it
wanted; to make these reforms, which rti-ty branch
of government i.nperionealy required ; and to dedi-
cate it* labour* to ro.m such a constitution no
product the happiness of 'lnc monarch: . conform-

r
_ kvz
ti••*.h,

rates e

Frill lIT.

ably to the ospreys will of nor good hot nilfortionati
King. Dine Ft...dinar, 1 VII. t• But now," cur.tinba.
the Marquis, "a great put Of the nation embplahnli
of the inferior force of our slimes; attnhfititig it td,
the want of energy in the dospoaitions of the pre-
sent government; who. 4 has negle•eted to proeuld
the means of subsistence, and other necessary sup.
pies, for the truly deserving defender, of their meanie
try ;'sail alleging, at the same time, thit. instead of
havingeitected salutary reforms. they beech:laded the
treasury with deb*.; that they have not properly sp.
plied the wine they received from A ateri.ca,the arrt eat
of which has been facilitated by our generous *Sims
nor the ren•4 of the crown. nor the donations Me
''iced from berate Spanish patriotism; that sorts
ut this reupeet:ible body, instead of attending sole"
to the public goad. act Ibr their ownint.rest, and
other. for the gratification of their possiona; and
confer honourable and profitable public employ.
meats, not on men of real ahel,ty and merit, but oh
Afiendaidirsa gad ceibosefrOoso and partially Isaiah
derma& and firours on the provinces they repro•
seotkaa if this, were members of mother body than
the Spanish Monarchy; that they have confirmed
appointments of military rank sod command, which
rainy had, obtained Dom the provincial "fantails
without examining either their abilities or, love tot
their country, to the disgust of the whole army;
that thin Supreme Joao, divided into ter ticms, hail
derided ou subjects winch are furet4n to the pro.
fes.ion and knowledge of the ttiMthers who coma
pore it; and. in tine, that it has left important
branches of the administration of ju.tice and gos
vornment.- in the hands of mail per-nuts suspected
fur the conduct they have heeld since the beginning
of oar voisfeettuhes.

uThat the present (I,2yerntnent needs a treforrh it
arlthowletiged ; the difficulty consists Only 1.1 deters
raining the change which !hood(' be made. %%•e all
hoots the necessity of att,tv ;al power. and the evils
which the ifiviaton of it products tii states. Ilecent
events riinderit unnecettury to r late the tit il warts
which ristions have itifFered, and the ruin or ty randy'
to which they hate been led by a Government like
the pretvist one of Span, tioinpo.ird of many Kings.
We fortunately are free from' toe convulsions and
infinities which France suffered by hrs. rleni.ocratig
tiovernalvat ; we hate • %petit-need only the htroie
virtee of sohtaitsion in the faithful 'and rvligiou•
Soreaish nation ; and wow that at length we can 00
longer doubt that the present Governeatrar is net-
thee legitimate nor convenient ; and that itt per•
roattency must lend us, to the most clteadfisl slavery,
•we the ab.tioltae of ctswitry7 let •US pre'. •
serve ourselves, by au example of ger.ernaity witieh
the world may admire, sm.l which inty render us
worthy of the Itrttitade eif Spain.
.1 The country ',guiles a Otivetnrnerit full of
«elegy, prohopt in its proffitinti driiberatiaivi. active
is its execution. sovereign in its idea% m.jawtie in kg
proceeding% jnst in its extra plarrin its
conduct. eio its chestisemes.:. and frugal
with. ut indecency, and with decorum. Uuthr a
Giivtrnment of this kinds the nation will POldelle
invincible armies; the armies, (fenenils;the troops,
Officers; sad the soldiers, subordination and die.
cipline. The people will enkiy the invaluable
advantage of seeing the legitimate authority of
the Tribal** and trisgoorsits revolted ; arbitrary
authority weinli.hed ; jostice secured by ibe indigo,
'titular Grinds of the law ; and ;nom-rove orotert.d.
Th. royal r(vrime, el, precious for the no' rival Isle
of the nation, "ditch has been the pvitriusony Ot
fraud, and.the reward of the wiciou , shall ant only
br from malversatiwn. but he adatinisket.4
with that exactness, awl tocottonly which i• mete,.
eery for the good orthr mate."

The Nlarquis th,•n proposes, that, till the meet.
Mg of the Cartes, which cannot be convened with
that promptitude which the safety of the country
requires, the government shall he vested in a Re.
grist of the kingdom, or, if judged more proper,
a Council of lt,ger.cy; isonsissing of there or ire
persons. He recommend. Abut the Central Junta,
as the Cortes cannot immediately meet, should
nomilnue this %Tent or Council of Regency, with.
oat losing a tew•rn• Ii t since the Junta, either legia
tintuttly, or illegitimately, supplies the place of the
Representation of the Cortes. The want of sped
cial power+ fur that object, ought not to be consi-
dered as an obstacle. in like manner, as it his not
been to their nthrr deliberstitins.

Thi4 Itoierrit, or Coisirtil of Reirericy, the Mar.
propoisea. shall owe4r to &tend thy mamma
re P. Ur it frcits it‘eneo...ro, end a'eliver th.ir Narita.
rsty into the honedr of our h.-laid So%rr.iato Fen.
VII.

hr., ..ter..l du

.111 P, 9;14:1 wear

to fulfil at the expen.e of t; •-t dr, pof their

11%. rrep.rte the ;11.evroy of the %aromas
.lo:tottion• or Cpa n, in r,,,r,nee dna America. The
Regent, or th.• t•nuncii •.t R. gt • wy. shall be tie
IJ-flatter of the lows. De-

b1~.,.1.

frau* a‘relltrlr at

tr,etie, prier, 8111. fire. 61,4
• uminerce.art 1.. rteeded by the •rpenlretivo of
the Certtr,ll ttirf ere met et the time; of it I et, by
the del muitwa of ibs kisidota. winch shall be ap.

4.l.sosti.opo of .r4r,
