t i hi. 11ajesty's goverment of the conduct whic4 west used taws.-ds I
the ?collie of the Colonise
Mr. MANNING made a few observations, which were inau. 1
dible in the riflery.
Mr. IllifilJUllA 11l could not allow the present eprotion to pate
without saying a few words. Some II ttttt unable 31enthites were
accusal of tacking on too many occasions to agitate the subject,
which it was asserted was calculated to promote feelings of discon.
tent among the Mack population of the Colonies. How often, he
',oh( ask, had the question been agitated? His Honourable
Frond had said three time.. But he (Mr. Ileoughaini would call
upon hen to leave out one—that which concerned the late 31m.
smeary Smith could cot ensue wider this head. He (Mr.
lhougltana'st tthject, when he brought it forward, W 34 to ex.
chide from it all reference to the general question, aid to art.
floe the discussion to the individual case of the particular
preen. Aod several West India planters, persons who were
wont en sway °cerium to Oppose him, had given hint their
votes en this question. What then was the amount of the
chug* which bail been made of btinging the subject of Slave
Emanciration too often beam the Howie—that it hail been dune
twice ;• Once when ft was done by the Right Honourable Gentle-
man t Mr. Canning ),and again in the present instance. Tqueoion
was one of interest so all parties, and persons of all religions
hail pietiiiimed the Ileum ter the Abolition of the Slave 'fraile.
and he should think it a rem misfortune if the House were to se.
?tram without giving it their eonaideration. If it had not been the
ease the House would sot have had the knowledge communicated
by the Ilea academes (Mr. W. lionise), with which he (Mr.
Brougham) expressed himself satisfied ; hut he could scarcely be.
I.eve tt possible that such an act as the one which had been alluded
to, ro iiiiii itted nut under a cloud of night, not by those who were
called rabble, but by thousands and thousand*, who Waited of their
deeds. could have been peepetrated, and yet that the House should
be told die erpetntion were beyond the vigilance of the Barbadian
police. lie trusted that when the sentiments of his Majesty's Ito.
v.:foment were known in llarhsdoes. those who had authority there
would stir theallot4VCl up so effectually, that before the next Session
of Parluitsient they would have secured sonic of the many and nom-
snots offenders. The only communication which he (Mr. It.)
had heard that night, which had yen him real patio, war, that the
measure which had been foe the relief of the West leans
I amid* wax in consequence the recent occurrences at Demerara,
tit be delayed carrying into effect in that Island.
Mr. CA N N I NG --.`• Had been delayed."
Mr. itftol/1/11A II was ilea that the the obeerration only re-
fereed to the peat. „It was. and had always bass said, that the
method fire delivering the slaves from bondage was not by breaking
thin chains and arming than with the fragments, as it was once
and, Mot by improving their habits, and by giving them educa-
tion. lie thought it necessary to say so much OW the subject of the
presert debate, but lie hoped he bad duce so without causing any
bad feeling.
Mr. BUTTERWORTH said, that with with respect to the
missionaries, he knew that all who were sent out by the
society were enjoined carefelly to avoid the mixture of religion
and ;militia. lie thought that the Honourable 'Member (Mr. %V.
Horton) was not justified in defending the principle an which
Mr. Smith was censured for oat allowing the slaves to work on the
Sabbath.
Mr. W. HORTON explained. Ile said that he had argued its
being irrational in Mr. Smith to advise the people not to work.
but only with reference to the state of the emtiety of the island.
An Hun. Member, whose name we amid not learn, said that
never did a cause produce effect more clearly than the discussions
in the House produced the Insurrection in Denierars. This
country ought to look with an eye of mildness on the faults and
tailings ot the inhabitants of the West Indies as it had not pro.
stood them wish the due proportion of Spiritual instruction. (Cries
of Question.)
Mr. A. RARING was of opinion, that the Missionaries had
unintentionally produced much mischief in the West Indies, as no
impartial person could doubt that Mr. Smith contributed very
much to the insurrection in lifernansa. There had been mancevours
going on in that House during the Stations, which would ulti-
mately !induce a revolt in the West India Colonies. It was the
object of the Missionary Society to send out communications to the
West Indite to keep alive the feuds already existing thee:. Ile
was of opinion that the Government might to take up the subject
vigorously, and male speedily to some decision on it. (Ques.iun,
question.)
Mr. U. HUTCHINSON said, that he was as deeply impressed
as any man in the country, with the delicacy, the difficult, and
the importance of the question of West India slavery. lie was
witiontstwd to hear the lion. Sleniber fur Taunton bringing so se-
ries a charlei: against tiny body of persons as that of manaurrtiog
for the ruing of tile West India Coltman. Ile was convinced also,
that the Iluti. Member Could rot have read the evidence against
Alr. Smith, ur he would not bare spoken of bins in the manner in
which he had done.
After a few Animations from Bier F. BLACK, Mr. EVANS, and
Sir C. !otters, the whiten was ordered to be printed.
EAST INDIA POSSESSION PILL.
On the motion for the wood reading of the East India Posses
ski Bill,
She. I:.INNING said it was his intention to have gone fully
tato the subject. but in conaeriumce of the exhausted state of the
House lie should postpone it till toonorrow, before going into the
the Con 111 l ittec. lf, however, the House wished to go into It, he
was real y.
Mr. II 1 llil E bad no objection to accede to the proposition of
the Right Honourable Gentleman, though he decidedly opposed
the Mi-
nh. (:ANNINtis.—T think I Wow the objection et ISM Hen.
Member, and feel, on the peeper occasion, that 1 can remove It.
The question was then poseponed.
• IRISH INSURRECTION ACT.
Theirith Insurrection Act went through a Committee, and MT.
lain clauses rid amendments were aced to.
Mr. rt. It ICE proposed a douse an oath should be admi.,
glistered to the Magistrates hi Coons of Session, that they would
sully and fairly discharge their duty between, the primmer at the
bar seal the Crown. This oath would show the people that the
Magistrates acted as jurors, and it would satisfy the people In
ether rapers.
Mr. V. FITZGERALD had no objection to the clause, as it
would shew the people the fairness of the Intentions of the Blare.
tracy of Ireland.
Mr. PEE), had no objection to the clause on the round stated
for its adoption. But then it was to be censidered that the disere.
titre of the Magistrittes would in a great degree be superseded by
this oath. if the Magistrate were to take the oath of a Juror hits
discretion es a Magistrate would be materially fettered.
Mr. S. R ll:E telt the force of the remark. and it %night be incon-
venient ; hut it should be considered that if a person were return-
ing nem a wake or fair without any insurrectionary object, the
polies aecused were entitled to an acquittal. In order to give
weight aiiii-eliameter to the blarsttates, be thought a clause like
that he roomed would be mot if the greatest improvements in the
Insurrection Act. Ile would Wye the clause in the hands of the
Right lion. Secretary of Stem ter the Home Deportment. and
withdraw his clause It it were ght then necessary so team But in
doing that he wished the Irish eto know thot their liberties
polite
would not be wantonly iiprtati with.
M 00111,BURN acid, that the pectins now was not to convict
except toe insurreetionmy purposes. By the Act as it now stood'
persons in • public-house after nine &dila w. re liable to transport.
anon t but such rosivietion never took place.
Mr. M. FITZGERALD thought the dome objectionable. It
would be, in his view, better to leave the Irish Magistrates to their
honour, than tohind Mem on every occasion by their oaths.
Mr. S. KIN.: then withdrew the clause.
The iicport of the Committee was thin ordered to be received
to morrow (this day.)
IRISH -MAGISTRATES INDEMNITY BILL.
Mr. ei4/I..H.BURN moved the third reading of this BM
Alr. HUM,: appalled it, as is er peat fettu law.
Mr. OR Ml PA N. abet objected to it.
The haute then divided, when there impaired.—
For the Bin - . . 39
Against it . . . S

Majority 17
The Dublin Police 11111 was then read a third time and pared,
The other orders of the day were then di►posed of, and the Haw
adjourned at Two o'Cluek.

NOTICES OF SIOTIVNS THIS DAY.

Mr. IluineLieturne ;elating to Impressment of Seamen.
Mr. W. neulth—To preeent • Paid= from certain Ineeenters
for the repeal or Corporation sal Teet Acts.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer—To MOH the usual Sessional
Addrames•

• NEW THEATRE ROTA!, DRURY-LAXE.
FOIL THE IikNErIT nP VA. KVII,IIT ANI) MN. ARMEN.
Vile Evening. WED PMAV, June 16. will Ix performed
TIIE IllVtl.S.

Sir ‘ntb.smvAbsolnte. Mr. Morton 1 Captain Alm.ltise, Mr. Elllston I
raulkl‘ni. Mr. Arehrr LuAut IY7rliNer, Mr. Th..wpons ;
4vrea. Mr. !Warr 1 Fats, Mr. Pantry I Vat id. Mr. lintobt. Mr^. Masi-
Mrs. Mariewe: J. 111.1, Mn.. Owns i I.ydis Luttellsh, Mir S.
11.,..t1is I nry. Mrs. urge►. Cy

I u the vonir%aouf the-et ening Mr. linlght will Ong 6. Fony Glover;'
and. lit gbarsetee, Only
....

After %Melt. ALUF, ME% 1
Megrim. Mr. Elliston; Jrtmea, Mr. Knight; Ueadwu, Ilr. (Attie;
%inset Mt.. Myer.
Mr. Knight and Mr. Archer moot renocctfolly antincoce to tittle
Patron... that notwithataicting the unprecedented OVIOSUbIi for plied
to whin*** the performance of •• The It molt of the tireeks " Mr. Elll4-
t,41 flow liberaily permitted them to salver:Abe that p,:vuhu. Piece
for their Botietit.J . .

To elsurhrle with
THE REVOLT OF THE IMF:RES: or. Ttir. MAID OF ATHENS.

In the Strout Argo t;ktal 11Alat.

NEW TIIRATRF ROT 1I„ DRURY-LANE.
To ~,,,, row Evening. 17. will be perforated

WILL) OAT'4.

t:eorge Thunder. Mr. No/Vet ; Rover. Mr. EVlston ; John nary.
Mr. ferry ; 0.1141. ; Ephraim Monett'. Mr. Browne. Lally
Anuaanth, Mrs.llt.V6eet.
To conclude with
Tilt REVOLT or THE tittEßlts ; yr. the MAID or ATRENS.

The enthnsla.stic cretinism which Mndame CAT ANI erperlenced
an the beard 4 "(tido Theatre. and the extrwatiltn.ry ...traction created
by her unrivalled p... ere. hare enc....rowed Mr. to reetntake
this arcomglehrd sinker; and the Public ls respectfully Informed.
that she will appear on
Monday. the Slot, Friday, tile Roth.
WwineeditY, the Lld, •va ov
Thur./ay. the V4th. Saturdev, the ellth of thls mouth.
eke Full particulars of her Songs will be duly annutuwed.

NEW TIIEATRE le())".4E, DRI7RY-L.4l'E.
FOR TIIE BENEFIT or MR. SPRING,
P.X poua. ICR^ItR.
On TUESD‘F NEST. June ?Y. will be performed
TILE POOR tIFMTI.CM N.
Sir Robert !tremble. Mr.lh.wtuu7 Frederick. Me.Filiston; Oilman&
Mr. Parley: Stephen ilarrowhy. Mr. Knight. Emily Worthington.
Mrs.W.West ; Mks Lucretia klarTah. Mrs. Marlowe.
At the end of the Comedy a new Chinese Itivertisentent.
After which a MUSIC %I. M F.I.INGE,
In which Mesdames Stcalsens, Pores.. and rebitt. and Messrs.
itraham. Porn. Ilarloy. and knight, with werfortn.
To which will be added svivEsTrit nAthaeltwooD.
Sylvester Pmeserw nod, Mr. Elliston.
To conclude with
MOII!RN ANTIQVF.St or, TUE MERRY blorgmrns.,
CwricietoS. Mr. Itowtont Frank, Mr. Harley t Joey. Mr. Knight.
Nan. Miss S. Routh.

TiIErITIIE ROYAL. COVENT-OARREIV.
Thi,. Evening. WEDNEND %T. June IR. will he performed
CIiAIME% TIIK SECOND t or, THE. MoMARCH.
King Charlet the Second, Mr. C. Kimble t Lard norhrwer,lt. Junes
CaPlain Copp. Mr. Friweett t Mazy, MIAs M. Tree.
After which new Pure. railed ITV OWN MAN.
T. evooehok with COZENING.
Tomorrow, King Richard the Third.

TIFF7.4TRR ROYAL. HAY3fARKFT.
This Evening, WIRONPADAY. June IS, will be perforated
SLIHNO IM 1103.11.:YING.
%ftoPS TOer whlrh.
STO CoNI4IOEM.
Itardraele. Mr.Wllllares; Tone Lumpkin. Mr. Liston; Voting Mar-
low. Mr. Cooper. Mrs, Hardman', Mn. N Sadao': Miss Ilardeastle.
Mrs. T. 11111.
To conclude with. MY OR ViDMOTHER.
Dicky (I.mdp, mr.w.w.vt; Vturrlln. Madame Vestrls.
To-morrow. The School for Snuffs'. with A V err iu an Hour, Cr
the Cock of the II alit.

ROYAL GARDFNS, VAUXHALL.
Under the b:special Potrottagr of hie Mitiesty.
The propriehwa her respectfully to announce. that THI4 EVEN-
I NIG itTKIINNSDA T, June lib a eland indesidid collection of E.uler-
tel will be produced f,,r the second time. in addition to the
odiisired CoNiCSAIT and new 1141.1. NT. To ponc•vide with the sur-
prising ASCENT wt the 1141547. and , oiendid FIRE-WORKS-
Supper holier may la• engaged.
Doors open at Steen.—t'ouccrt c ttttt ineures at Eight iffloeig.
Adtillindon 3.. dd.

The Barrtsit Pans comtnerstvl ptiblialting yesterday mgrning
at el: o clock.

LONDON, WEDNESDAY, Jugs 18, 1821.

The Report recently laid before Parliament, on the
nature and extent of the disturbances in Ireland, extracts
from which will be found in another part of our paper,
justify as in auguring very favourably, as well from the
very able and impartial manner in which the Committee
have conducted their inquirie;, as from the practical re-
sults to which the information thus obtained is likely to
lead. The Committee do not hesitate to avow their objcc-
don to the Insurrection Act, as considered apart from ,the
imperative circumstances which led originally to its enact-
ment, and which, unhappily, call for its further con-
tinuance. There never was a period when it was more im-
portant that the public, in this country, should be fully
acquainted with the re.ll situation of the sister kingdom
than at present ; nor was there ever a subject on which a
greater variety of erroneous conceptions have prevailed, or
OS which agitates number of false and foolish speculations
lowborn let loose. That its strength ha- been broken ;
that the foundations of its prosperity have for the present
gliten way ; and that its disorder is dangerous and deeply
seated—all this is true; and is to be lamented. But there
Is, at the same time, no reason to doubt its capacity of
overcoming the causes which produce all this evil, and of
regaining that state of tranquillity and contentment which
of late years has received so material an interruption. The
equitable and protective, but at the same time, firm and
vigorous policy of the MAauu IS IV 1.1. I. I r, has already
done much, and if well supported by our Government here,
will yet do much more, totrards changing the destiny of
Ireland, and allaying those frightful spirits of turbukace and
faction with which she is so perpetually called to contend.
, It may be of some consequence, while we are on this impor-
tant topic, to explain the Causes of that discontent which at
present harass its peace, and before which its industry is
daily disappearing, and its best energies fading Sway. The
extension of the elective franchise to fhrtet shilling.reeholders
which took place 'about the year 1793, tended infinitely to
multiply those male proprietors, who, with the grant of a hut
and a rood of land-and they had seluom more--found no
difficulty in swearing themselves freehold tenants to that
value—for to thew it truly was so—and they thus became
invested with a right of voting) which, When omsion called
for it, was at the service of theldandlord, who, in his turn.
did not fail to qualify as many with this privilege, as inig'ar
amply answer his electioneering purposes. The breaking
out of the war with France, about this period, created an
extensive demand for Irish cattle and grain, at the same
time that it drained off the redundant population. By thus
giving a quick sale and good prices, it furnished a full sup-
ply to all the common wants of the labouring classes, whom
the war-levies bad spared for the cultivation of the soil.
This flourishing state of things was also augmented from
collateral ceases. An exten.sive paper circulation, created
by the establishment of country banks, was poured into
the agricultural community, and furnished an almost
boundless facility of cbtaining credit, NI with it, the

had an easy thr.l of it.-But peace was at length restored,
and the picture changed. The ehar.nels of wealth, which
the supply of our great naval ay military exertions had
opened, began suddenly to dry up. The population—in-
creased, and grown up ss it bad done, in this favourable
interval of thirty years'eneotiragetnent—was augmented by
the return of the disbanded regiments, all of whom had
their bread to se,i k. With this augmented supply of
hands, and with thousands asking In vain fur etniiloyment
—the demand for labour diminished—the resources of
1 industry failed—pt ices fell—and to embitter this deplorable
change in Irish affltirs, the circulating paper medium run
rapidly into depreciation—the majority of the enuntry
banks, one after another, stopped payment—the landed
proprietors. piled up to the chin with mortgages, could not
lower their rents ; their tenants unable to meet the en-
gagements of quarter-day, were turned adrift, and were
supplied by others equally inadequate, and who, of course,
left the estates equally unproductive. It was at this cri-
sis, and in this condition of her affairs, that the evils
originated which you have been ever since seeking to re-
tnetly. We have here the origin of those disturbances with
which Ireland has been so long, and so sorely, afflicted.
They would deceive us who, of late years, ascribe the evils
to other causes. It is not even to the wretchedness of the
peasantry that the crime and confusion are to be traced ;
they are to be traced to certain individuals above 'that class,
possessed of talet:t and energy, and combining both, with
a spirit of spoliation and robbery, uhich startles it no !
guilt, and stops at no sacrifice, ter the attainment of ifs
ohjL.ct. The leaders of this factiolift is, that would expel
the lawful proprietors from iheir estates, and who care not
how prodigally they pour out the blood of the deluded tie-
tints whom they can seduce to assist them in the struggle.
They know well, that wherever there is miser•, there will
be somewhat of kindred feeling; they know where and in
what crass that misery exists and is to befound, and with
that class they leave no means of excitement unapplied.
Their own discontent seizes upon this kindred feeling its.
the peasantry as aquafortis seizes upon iron, and it is with
this combination that Government has to contend.—We
forbear to lengthen this article at present, as we shall re-
turn to the subject in a day or two.

The petition from the Merchants of London, praying
the recognition of South American independence, and
signed by 117 names connected with the first houres in this
City, Wag presented lut night in the House of Commons
by Sir James Mackintosh, and introduced by a speech of
great ability. Mr. Secretary Canning followed in a reply
marked by consummate ability, and a policy the most en-
lightened and liberal. England, he said, had given an
opportunity to Spain to precede her in ha recognition of
South America. It would b... desirable, the Right lion.
Secretary said, for many.ressons, that the mother country
►hould have the priority of recognition ; by such an act
she abdicated an authority, white other nations only made
an acknowledgment. The only fact be would then state,
as the responsible organ of the Government, was, after the
communications this country had &beady made to Spain,
that whatever steps Great Britain might DOW take respect-
ing South America, she would act without any reference
whatever to Spain, and be guided solely by her own Coun-
cils. Mr. Canning added, he wished to avoid all conjecti
tures or suggestions u to any ulterior course the Guam.
meat may take, as it might be liable to misconstruction--

that his lion. Friend (Sir James Mackintosh) and himself
would both regret. We may look upon this important de-
e.laration.as deeisivo asks juulkiPladlarognition. between

Spain and thts country. 'lie interests we have committed
in South America are infinitely too vast to be sacrificed to
the feeble aid worn-out debts of Old Spain, anal we may
now expect, within a limited period, should nothing deci-
sive in the New World occur to prevent it, to see the com-
plete independence of South America acknowledged by
Great Britain.

WINDSOR, TUESDAY, JUNE 15.

At at an early hour this morning the Duke of Welling-
ton, the Russian Ambassador, the Earl and Countess of
Warwick, the Earl and Countess of Scarborough, Lord
Graves, Lord and Lady Gwydyr, and Mr. Delme arrived
at the Cutle on a visit to the King.
The Duke of Dorset arrived at the Castle yesterday af-
ternoon, on a visit to his Majesty.
Soon after twelve o'clock the King, accompanied by the
above-mentioned visitors, left the Cattle in four carriages
for the Ascot race-course.

The Duke of York had a large party at dinner yesterday
at Frogniore.
A grand ball will be given at the Town Hall to-night.
The town is thronged with visitors from London and
other pines.

The Duke of York left his tesidenee in Stable-yard.
St. James's, on Monday afternoon, for Frogmore, the re-
sidence of the Princess Augusta, where the Royal Duke
will remain during the Ascot lleath Races, and will enter-
tain a r -rty of his friends daily.
The Duchebt of Clarence visited the Duchess of Kent
yesterday, at her apartments it the King's Palace, Ken-
sington.
PRINCE LIOPOI.D.II EXTrATAtiIIirINT... Ws Royal
Highness's second grand entertainment, for the season, on
Monday, was more fully attended than the first. e
banquet was extremely splendid ; and the company com-
prised many of the leading nobility of the country. The
ladies' dresses were exceedingly rich. Among the distin-
guished personages present were, their Royal liightteues
the Duke and Duchess of Clarence, the lhwhess of Kent,
the ke and Duchess of Gloucester, Princess Augusta
and Princess Sophia Matilda, and the Prince of Leiningen,
the Archbishop of York, &c. &c.

Yestrrday afternoon, at half-past one o'clock, a Cabinet
Council was held at the Foreign Office, Downing-street,
which was attended by the Lord Chancellor, the Earls of
Ilarrowby, Liverpool, Westmorland, and Bathurst, the
Chancellor of the Excheouer, Mr. Peel, Mr. Canning,
Mr. Ilinkisson, Viscount SithLouth, &c. The Cabinet
broke up about half-past three o'clock.

W. lfamilton, Esq. his Majesty's Vice-Consul at Bo-
logne, arrived late on Monday night at the Foreign
Office, with despatches from the British Ambassador at
Paris.

On Thursday the distinguished Member of Congress
Mr. Randolph, of Roanoke, in Virginia, arrived in this
city from Cork, and proceeded next day to Dublin. Mr.
Randolph landed at Kinsale from on board the American
ship Nestor, bound from New York to Liverpool.—Lime-
rick Observer.

F.LSIIION:IELE INTELLIGENCE.

The Dowager Marchinoes. of Exeter gave an elegant entertain.
ment On Monday to a distinguished Party, at her house in Privy-
gardens among whorls were the Dowager Duchess of Geed., Earl
Clare, shelf:ounces* at Guild&ird. andly S. 'forth, Lord A. 11111.,
i Honourable Wm. Iltirrell, Mr. and. lady Catherine Whyte Mel-
rill.,Mr. and Mrs. Charle. Percy, Mr. :Inept, Mn. Rennet, &e.
Mr. rind Mn. ETerton gave a gyand dinner on Monday to Sir
Richard Arks/right. Mr. Dorrien, Mr. Thomas l)orrien, Miss
Dorri-n, Mr. and Bliss R. Slr. Trafford, Major
Thompson. &c. at their house in St. James-square.
Henry Howard. Esq. had a large party at dinner on Monday, at
his house in bower Brook..trret..
Lady Farquhar entertained a laite...,e party of fashionable, on Mon.
day evening. at her holm in St. Janie. ..square.. •
The Earl and Countess of hlatt.Meld entertained the Duke and
Duehe.s of Leeds, lady C. Osboelly, and a distinguished party at
dinner yesterday, at their Itouse in-Grosvenor-Implore. ~
Lord and Lady Grantham will have a dinner party thin day, it'
their house in St. James's-square..
The Judge Advocate has homed etude of invitation for an enter-
tainment on the _tat June, at hi. horse in Downing,etyeel.
The Dowager Countess of Stamford Fuld a select ens{,' tally yes.
minor evening, at her house in Charle.-street, Berkeley-felon*.
1.u.1 Lynedoch left NVarren•s Hotel, Regent-street;yeaterday,
for Brighton, on his way to Paris.
Lord and Lady 'nacre have left town fur Brighton.
The Earl and Countess of Arran, and family, leave town this
day for their seat in Stones, for the anion.
Blarchioneas of Londonderry, returned to town yester-
day, frosts her aeat, North Cray, Kent. . •• •
Arrivals at the British Hotel, Jermyn-nreet:—Captain Cal-
lender, from Scotland ; lion. Spencer Wynn, from Oxford ; Mr.
and Miss Lodge, from LiverpooL The Rev. R. Wells has left
ditto on a tour.

D. Brown. Esq. M. P., has left Fenton's Hotel, St. James's.
street, fur Ireland.
Most of the leading and distinguished of the hart tow have left
town to attend the festivities at Stowe. Upwards of 2tlo beds are
prepared at the house for the visitors.
Arrivals at the Hash Hotel, Arlington-street:—Mt. sad Mrs.
Arlott, from Devonshire; Ik. and Mrs. Aisleby, from their sem,
Hens; Mr. and Mrs. Coruna, from Rath. Departurawt—Mr.
and Mrs. Corniced fee Cheltenham; lArd de la Undo, ter his
sent, Parham Park, Sinus ; als James Grimm fee Hants l lin
and Mrs. Althard for Wilts;

Colonel and Mrs. Everald b. arrived at Blake's Hotel, Jerznyal
street, from Norfolk.

kR. ()WEN TO THE BRITISH NATION.

On Monday !Oita T made a bat appeal to the Itritish betrisht..
tare on the subject of the appointment of a Committee to teatimes
the measures which I have been rut some time preparing to glee m-
iter to the inhabitants Of Ireland.

The oiler was rejected, and my Lord Laudesdalie added, that the
proposal ought to be treated with contempt. Fortunately for those
who are now in poverty, in ignorance, and in misery, and no less
fortunately for his lordship and suds compeer(, lift Lordship's wishes
are not likely to be gratitieil.
I have a high and important duty to perform for my fellow-crea.
tures, and I deem no ederts which I can make-no cost which I
can support, too great in obtaining the object before me in the most
legitimate and best manner. The present Session of Parliament.
now about to expire, has been occupied by me in various attempts
to ascertain whether the executive Government and the Legislature
could be induced to enter fairly and honestly on madame that
' would give to the people the advantages which the late improve-
ments in science, and the rapid advance in general knowledge,
ought to afford diem t and I purposely carried these applications to
the utmost extent that I thought the l'abinet and Parhament would
bear, without my being deemed offensively rude to both. I have
likewise attended the Iticardo Lectures, delivered by Me. MIA&
loch, with the view of ascertaining what practical knowledge egnii
be obtained from the theories of the modern Political EamendMes
which are known to govern the opinions of many, who rtyyee 011111111.
dered among the most liberal and enlightened of our legislNwa
And I have also mixed freely with individuals, who form pert of
the pest public, to learn whether the governing powers, or the men
of the pe.iple, were the more advanced in the acquirements requisite
for the general improvement of society.
These inquiries and proceedings have led me to conclude, that
no parties see satisfied with what has been done, and ie doing ;
that a strong conviction exists in the minds of the members of the
Legislature mod of the Publietthet, with the enormous powers at
the command of this empire, Ireland ought not to be in the con-
dition it is, neeehe mass of the people in this and in other them-
tries in the ignorance, poverty, and degradation in which they are ;
that a very general desire pervades all ranks to adopt some mea.
sures for the improvement of Ireland, and of the working classes
generally ; but that in consequence of the previous education of
world confining the attention of each individual to his own
immediate interest, and to his own limited circle, few minds have
yet been formed to comprehend the general Interests of mankind.
and still fewer to acquire the experience by which individual and'
general interests can be united in practice for the benefit of all.
On this account there is a mental and moral dissatisfaction be.
twern the governors end the governed, an edema' agitation in
the minds of all, and a general expectation that some great
some contest between error and truth, between f~oorsna anti
!diligence, between &egotism and :Wood liberty, beim rah, ilk
is fast approadiing.
These are the impression, which, according to my ideas, at
present pervade the civilised world.
What is there now to be done? What measures can, relieve
from this dilemma? Has not tho Legislature virtually proclaimed
its inability to adopt any practical proceedings for an immediate,
efi'ectud relief? Have not Ministers reiterated, in almost every
debate in both Houses of Parliament, during this and the last
Session, that they ardently desire to relieve the inhabitants of
Ireland from their sufferings, but that the causes of the evil, ared
such lung standing, and so deep-rooted, that they know not how to
remove them ?
The truth dos. that the Legislature is so involved in the errors oil
die system by which all these sufferings have been engendered'
and perpetuated, that they cannot of themselves proceed one step'
further in advance; and It is through the public VIMe alone that
they can be enabled to move forward in a right direction. The
practical measures which alone can relieve Ireland from its iglu?.
ranee, its poverty, its irritations, and its miseries, are to be found in
a well-digested and Comprehensive plan which shall give perpetual,
advantageous employweewt to her people. secure them. net a
nominal, but a substantial, useful (cheerio., and which shall eumee-
sede her present violent and uncharitable religions, by one df red
charity and genuine kindness.

.
Want of employment, want of education, and want of religious
freedom, arc the palpable causes of the present state of things. Fur
Goveinmeat any longer to occupy themselves In useless attempts to
discover any ether cause of Irdlind'a degradation end of their own
disgrace, is a waste of time and a mockery of the public feelings.
All perceive the carve of the evils, but they want sufficient moral
courage to express what they know t it is a remedy fur these evils
that must he found and applied, before any substantial relief can
be effected for that country or for society.
But can that relief be looked for from Legislators, who have been
trained to speak, but who are too fettered to act ; or, if not too fet-
tered, are too inexperienced to know how to act under the new cis..
cumstances in which society is now placed ? No. The next ad-
vance for the benefit of maikind must be effected by a union of
intelligent, scientific, and practical men, who, out of the chain and
clashing interests of existing society, shall coolly and dispassion-
ately select the invaluable and inexhaustible materials, which the
MIS and sciences can now so richly supply, and diem I new arrange-
nient of those materials, which shall be purposely devised to create
union throughout society, and to secure to each Individual the
greatest attainable advantages, mental and moral.
My experience leads one to know that this is the course which
must be pursued ; and, In consequence, with the aid of several
benevolent individuals, I have prepared, as a preliminary mea-
sure, a new domeitic arrangement for the working classes, afford.
ing them a comfortable rcsidenee, surrounded by agreeable cater.
nal circumstances, regular productive employment, a good edu.
cation from infancy for their children, the meant of (annum an
ble society, and of enjoying good health, and the natural
11)Lrertigs of life I and enabling them, by degreek, to gain rode.
pendence Mr themselves, and to secure it for their offspring, by
their own labour.

Intended to put the public in possession of these arrangements
before the tertnination of the present month, either through the
medium of the Report of a Parliamentary Committee, or
at public meetings to be called for the purpose t but I am under
the necessity of hastily returning to Scotland to direct my own
'Fairs, and to push forward, before the proper semon escapes, the
pew measures which are them In progress, to furnish to the world a
practical proof of what man is susceptible when justice Is done to
him by ;dating him amidst those circumstances which shall induce
rationality, intelligence, and virtue.
