LONDON, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1824.

" the 'sum which went to the seising officer, and distingumhing
those cases which lied been cnmpromi•ci without trial."
CA Nl/1,1: EN.

iIIr.SYKLS presented a petition .froni the Candle Manufac-
turers of the City of Glasgow, ponying for the repeal of the
Dude, on,Candles • and he wiahrd to give notice, that unless
something 11415 done on the alibied by the Chancellor of •the
Exchequer, he should, early in the neat Session, bring forward the
question.
• • SI.AVRRy.

Mr. RAIIIADE:ki p rap. a osidon against Negro Slavery
Ore could not hear front *het pleas), lad another from the Licens-
ed Victuallers in the County of Vert /ponying tor the repeal of Au
Excise Licences.
SALMON FIIIIIERIES.. _

Mr. KENNEDVpleacnied • petition frem--. in Scot_
!and. praying that the Bill now before the House relative to the
Salmon Piaberies in Scotland, ahtnald tot p Into a law.
DRAWBACKS ON LINEN.

Mr. STUArrtiViiirEgirpresented s pctition from certain
Linen Slanufacturcts in York hire, mainst.the repeal of the law
which granted certain drawbacks en coarse
Ordered to lie on the table and to be printed.
The itetition wait then read, and ordered to lie on the table.
Sir 1. "VIAND presented a petition front mote of his con.
stituents nst the alteration of the duty ou eels.—Tbe petition
was anlved to lie on the table.

i7.7.7%ll.iialaii7oped thaftbe whole ditty wouhl be
repealed, notwithstanding the petition front the constituents of
the Honourable Baronet.
14017:57Y ON
. . .

, .
Mr. HUME said that the Chancellor of the E4.chtiuer had in-
timated an intention of takias the balmy airlhifin and to begin
with bum
isintervatel raissiofl44. rook We. 0:111Itiment• we"
in the answer Vila the Chancellor of the
rf.tripkviret should give to this question, since, if he persevered in
that meashre, it would produce ninth Intsto them.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he intended
that the removal pf the bour.ty should begin with a pet tentage,
and not standing ta the value of the linen.
Mr. MABEItLY said that he too had been militated to put the
saint question by many respectable manufacturers bf Scotland, but
the answer he had just heard given would, he was oonvincal, prove
most satisfactory to than.
Mr. BlarUblllA3l presented a petition, praying that the
!louse would not yield to any suggestions contained in a petition
purporting to come Iron the inhvbitants of the borough of Newry,
In Ireland, and having for its oh;ect the lighting of that town with
gas. That petition was not consistent with the wishes of the
people of Newry, sit hundred and sit of whom had signed the
petition which he (Me. Brougham) then held in his hand. The
Inhabitants further prays!. that the House would consolidate cer-
tain Acts of the Irish Parliament relative to the cleansing, light-
ing, paving, and watching of the towns and cities.
Mr. BROWSLOW considered that the consolidation prayed
for would be moat beneficial to that country, but in the instance of
Newry he believed that the lighting of the town with gas was a
most desirable measure.

sir J. NEI.: roar sod Mr. AIEECIODIST supported the pc.

lition.

Ordered to lie on the table.
AIIOLITION OF SLAVERY.

Mr. Wr—STEIiR p7esea it petition from the inhabitants of
Ballw, expressing their satisfaction and gratitude for the Aims
orade by his Majesty's Government for the suppression of slavery,
and praying that such means would be adopted by the !louse as
finally to put down this most abon.inablc and inhuman traffic.
Ordered to he on the table.
COM 111 NAT lON LAWS. . _ .

Mr. BE` NET presented a petition against the Combination
Lairs front certain hat-manufacnirets of Southwark.
Ordered to lie on the table, and to be printed.

FOREIGN SICK&

Mr. RARING aid he had beers requested to present a most
numerously signed petition from the almost unanimous body of
silk-manufaettirers to Loudon Clear); and had he brought the
petition forward at an earlier hour in the evening, be should have
eorsidcred it his duty to enter fully into the subject. It was no
exaggeration, however, to assert that this was a petition of the most
vital importance, and she impression of the silk-manufacturers was,
that if the priaciples of free trade, as they were termed, were carried
into effect in this instance, the consequences to them would be
most pernicious. The reduction of thity, they admitted, would,
or.der promr regulations, prove most advantageous to them ; yet,
not, ithsnusding the boon, they unanimously refused it, if it was to
be accompanied by a free importation of silk manufactured goods.
This trade principally, if not exclusively, depended upon fashion ;
and the immediate consequence would be, that the silk French
Mops esiabbesed in this metropolis would carry away all the busi-
seou Nowsermel of the gnat tame-were titled vitth salt-menu-
fat-lavers among others the town that h; had the honour of repro-
sentirg (Tatman} MI then that their people asked was, that you
should lease them alone. (Ilene.) lie thought that the Right
Hon. Oeudenian had acted rightly in not taking the opinion of any
portion of the trade on this measure. An Inquiry ahotthi have been
previously instituted, and it should have bete ascertained what was
the advantage of the proposed measure. Instead of that, the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer had precipitately adopted a measure which
certainly had the peculiarity of itivi%g most d'ssatisfaction to those
whom ii professed to relieve. Ile should move, th:zefore, that the
petition be brought up.
Mr. secrctary CANNING said, that no man was more disposed
than himself to agree, that every important legislative enactment
should be the subject of discussion and inquiry. The Honourable
Gentleman had maintained not unfrequently in that House, princi.
pies very much at variance with his present petition, and Govern-
ment was now placed in this situation ; they had yielded to the res.
soning, for it was his too, of the Honourable Member himself ;
he had Mimed upon them the necessity of breaking them:sit these
unnecessary restrictions, yet jpst as they were about to emancipate
commerce, they were met in their lint practical illustration by the
Honourable Member for Taunton, and urged to leave restriction
for tbe precut just where it might again be exposed to his eloquent
reprobation. In every debate on this subject, the Ilan. Member
for Taunton had pressed, with all the authority and might to which
his observations were so well entitled, the justice and policy of a
free trade, and to-night he had displayed his acuteness by urging in
favour of the exception to his own general rule. If there were pe-
culiarities in this ease it was quite right that they should be taken
into consideration, hut he saw nothing in the cane shown to justify a
departure from the general priaciple. If no alterations in the re-
steictivesystein were amide until all could be made at the same
time, then might the Honourable Gentleman preach up tl.e utility
of itis risen! principles, without the 'lightest chance of their being
into operation.
_ _

, ..
Alr. N51.1N observed, that ha had ever been accustomed to I
advocate the principles of a free cornmerea, and if in this instance
he appeared to depart from that practice, the departure was not Jere-
canetlartle with consistency. The removal even in the present In.
stance would, he thought, ultimately produce. even to the manu-
facturer* themselves, the most beneficial consequences. (liear, bear,
from the 31inisterial benches.) He admitted that to the fullesi
extent, but he wished the change to be gradual, and the removal to
be effected with as little inconvenience as possible. it was tit to
pause before they legislated even in a liberal policy, when they knew
that ranch alarm was the certain effeet, and much distresa the pro-
be& consequence of that lrgislation. There were many taus
width might be repealed, and the repeal would give much more
general relief than the reduction of the duty on silk. When the
Hight Hon. Gentleman brueght forward his budget, he was nut
aware that thetas on law proceedings would be repealed. yet he had
since most wisely reduced it, and the reduction bad given general
satisfaclon. It had created much more satisfaction than the reduc-
tion of the duty on silk, and it would be Much more grateful now
to the country if heconsented to thelepeal of the window tax, and
contir.ued the duly no silk.
Mr. 111.7SKInSON said, when he saw the Hon. and Learned
Ciestleinan rise, he was quite convir.ced that he rows to vindicate
some principle of constitutiatud law—to complain of the Indiction'
to which the subject was liable. under what he had frequently been

pleased to term the oppression of the law, and the uncOnstittitional
privileges with which it invested officers for the purpose of ena-
bliag them to seize prohibited goods. Ile was, however, very
much surprised to fiad, that instead of defending the right of the
subject, he contented himself with advocating the continuance of
the duty on silk. (A laugh.) The Ilon. Illembor for Taunton
had stated that the ruin of the manufacturer must follow from the
admission of French silks. Be had not informed the House upon
what authority he had made that ststemont, but he could inform
the House that which had been stated by a French writer of consi-
dorable (internee, that the exports of ::ilk manufwured goods from
this country exceeded those of France. How•slid that happen ?
No bury had been gieen by this country, and if we were enabled
to meet then in foreign markets, how much better could we meet
them at home with a duty of thirty per cent. upon the French
silks imported to this country ? It lied been said that they had not
'Witch:n:ly inquired before they came to this de,ermination of re-
Inking so much of the reduction on silk. But had they not
betore them the Report of the Committee of the House of Lords,
upon which occasion the most respectable and the must intelligent
members of the body of silk manufacturers were examined ? Now,
with this and the reiseated admonitions of the Menher for Taus.
ton, could they hesitate to remove these obnottimis nttrietions?
Mr. I).II'ENPI)ILT said, considering the lateness of the hour
(a laugh), lie would merely say that he looked upon the proposed
removal of restrictions as a complete extinguisher to our 'nano-
fact( ry of silk.
3lr. ELLIS obszreed, that the silk manufacture of England was
but • recent introduction, and had always been rivalled by the
French, but rot with respect to our cotton manufactures; they
had long been the ettablished manufacture In this country. As
to legaitzing the sale of silk and laying a duty upon it, even to
the amount of 30 pa cent. it would nut he aea:lable, for that only
Ls a useful tax which nutches the revenue ; but this article would be
brought into the market by the smuggler. And the manufactured
should also be considered, in reference to the value of labour, which
!oust add three, four, five, or six times to the value of the article.
There was • second point of view in which the question was to be
considered. The taxes in this country were much higher than in
azy other country. How, then:thee, could the English artisan
compete with the foreigner. whose taxes were so much lighter? In
the alteratians which he wished to make, he thought the Right
lion. U.:ad...visa did not begin at the right end. The manntoe.

titer, had known en obstacles in the way of an arrangement. Ile
would mate to the Howse, that,trom the high price of iebetie and
the advence en provisions, it was an utter iinpwibility for the Eng,
lish artisan to compete with the foreigner. The rink weaver of:Co-
-1 sentry, to his own knowledge, earned but six shillings per week
and the piaster wearers could not be accused of harshness or ili-
trearmeet to these poor men.
Mr. PEEL said, th. • lion. blember for Coventry had used two
n,utwenty in sn open of his opinion. into•which if be had inquired
mly, he eituld find. them directly hostile to treasures of which
he was the supporter. One of these argittnenti was, •• You him
selected the an trade for the purpose of applying a aysteni of pro-
' blbuion to it; why confine your system to this in particular ?
ply it to other branches of your manufacture as welL" This was
assuming on the part of the Hon. Member, that our policy was
on.. of prohibition, and the sys.om of which he complaieed re.. ap.
plied and could L: exhibited to all the branches of our manufactures
which were flourishing—to our manufactures rte steel, in 'Mk s%
&ie.; these branches had succeeded, and were flourishing, without
any prohibition* whatever. With regatd, therefore, to the silk
wade, we had a system to conclude, not to commenee ; and the pro-
hihition upon that trade war a remnant which should be abolished
and done aeon w id: . • and the trade in silk would, as well as every
other manufacture of the country, thrive and prosper. The ancond ar.
gument used by the notioutahle AlCalba wax peculiarly straaget
it maintained our prodnctions in silk to be quite inferior in work-
manship and fancy to those of France. lie would turn this argu-
ment upon the Hon. Member, and say this inferiority was in new-
intent* of these very prohibitions. Why not therefore remove them ?
Why not take away the wools* which ezistall at present, and win
milks a tree and legal entry sour Ilse country ? and that, even admit.
Iles the tenth of another arguinent•telied apou by the lion. Mem-
ber, the higher price of labour in this count; arising from the dif.
irissesee of taxatum, Ragland cauld Mao eatespeeition
with France. and compete with her in the if .all prohibi-
tions acre removed, and a legal entry given to silks; mad as all MAW
trades and manufactures flourished without the aid of prohibitions,
he saw no reason to imagine whit the bilk trade should rot be
equally prosperous. The lion. Member had made a distinc-
tion to which he could not secede, that the trade in silk was not a
native trade of this country. He ilid.eot know how this distinction
could be supported ; he did not me how the silk trade could be
reckoned less a native trade than cotton. Ile would maintain it to
be • native trade ; it had flourished in England for forty ur fifty
years, and, therefore, it could not he proper!; e.eluiletl from those
trades which are, by the public, generally Mcounted
The Hon. hlember for Taunton had asked, . what authority was
there fur tie plan ? 1V ho were the sponsors for the measure? H.
*weld tell that Hon, Member who kis sponsors wen. It d
for support uppn those broad and general priiniples so orlee4.l,
fended and supported by the Hon. Member himself; it was
pounded upon the high authority of those principles. After all
the declamation Which the (louse Thad been in the habit of hear.
ing upon these subjects--after the priraosale which hued been made,
—after the utscumaione which had taken place, upon these sound, and
broad, and general principles, let it not be said that the House had
given then, tip, that it had not courage to persevere, that it was
influenced by local and personal internits, shove which it ought to
rise. It such Were the conduct of the House, the benefit arising
from thew sound and general principles would be lost, the appro.
bation of them would go for nothing, and these very principle
would themselves be injured If Ministers were compelled to give
them up and abandon them.
Mr. ELLICE explained.
Mr. PHILLIPS /mild not conceive how a duty taken off' a
raw material could injure the manufacture; some duties, to his
own knowledge, went to the extent of extinguishing the exports,
and ought to he repealed at once. As to the measures pursued
by his :Bounty's tiovernment, he conceived them to be most bent-
ficial to the country, and he trusted they would persevere, In the
selection of the taxes to be reduced. The object of the Ministers
was not popularity ; if such were their object, they might select
taxes, from the reduction of which popularity might he gained, but
which would not contribute so much to the wealth and prosperity
of the country. ( llear.)
sir J. NEWPORT said, though in the habit of giving opposi.
don to his Majesty's Ministers, be CO{oll not, upon this occasion,
refrain from expressing his sincere grhituile to those Ministers for
the benefits they had conferred upon the country ( Hear); and his
earnest hopes that they would persevere in the course they adopted.
(Hear.) He gave them credit for their nut aflectina popularity;
there were in ow system great evils which should be removed ; and
when great interests were at stake in them tininess systems, there
was a great outcry against their removal, and this removal was ge-
nerally attended with great piesent inconvenience and hiss. Ile
Loped Ooverninent woi:'.d look these difficulties steadily in the face.
He gave his entire :Ind unequivocal support to the King's Minister%
itairthanked them, front the bottom of his heart, for the course they
' pursue& and hoped and trusted they would persevere.
Ni'. LIMBERLY said he would not detain the Homo. The
Member for Coventry laid it down as clar, that the people of this
country could not compete with those of other countries, on account
of the weight of taxation. This matter, however, was not so char;
there were two onisions upon it. Tile late Member for Ponarling_
ton thought the'high price of corn did not affect the price of other
commodities. The muster therefore was not so settled as the .hence=
her for Coventry supposed.
. .

3lr. T. WILSON would not detain the Houtz by entering upon
any details; but, as a Member for the city of London, he thought
it necessary to make a few remarks. He joined eineerefy in the
tribute which had been paid to Ministers fur the steps they pur-
sued towards the country. With respect to the nuasure before the
House, he would discuss it when it appeared on a future occasion,
though he bad doubts if he could support it, emodostently with the
opinion he gave noon a former occasion. Ile thought Ministers
were beginning at the wrong end; he disliked half-measures; the
corn trade should he regulated at the same time. The people of
this country should be allowed to cat their bread as cheaply N
those of other countrics. Ile had one consolation—Joe heard the
Chancellor of the Exchequer assert, that he was not unwilling to
enter into a discussion upon the subject. lle knew this task would
not be an easy one; it would be a matter of mat difficulty to put
the people of this country on a par with foreigners. lie agreed
with the Member for Coventry, that if th;vernment imposed a tax
of ten per cent. upon an article, and if it was smuggled into the
market, that impost would be of no value to the Government.
Mr. LYTTLETON would not enter into any details upon the
subjeet. He owed it as a duty to his constituents, to declare he
would give it every opposition in his power.

Mr. HOME said he would call the attention of the House to one
point which seemed to escape observation. It was agreed upon all
hands :hat this was the petition of the trade. But who were the
petitioners Were they the masters, or the workmen, or both ?
and what were the Ministers about? They were leaving the
duty on the raw material, whilst tin.), were taking it off the menu.
factored article. It was. in his opinion, of great importance who
the petitioners were—whether the employers or the employed. If
the 23 per cent. were taken off the raw material, it would cause a
proportional increase in the consumption of the manufactured ani-
cle ; and those individuals who petitimed under mistaken ideas
would feel an increase of wages to that amount; and the reeult
would he a spur and stimulus given to the home consumption of
the ankle. Ile had known articles of this manufacture male in
this country, merit to the mum, and soli there to persons who fan-
cied themselves great judgrs of such ankles as foreign. (Hear.)
If therefore, under the present system, we approached so newly
to the foreign article, it was not too much to predict that we could
compete fairly wi;h foreigners when the duties were taken off. As
to the duties which mote persons called for, 30 per cent. could not
protect the trade, nor 20 added. Here, therefore, was a trade that
a duty of 30 per cent. could not protect, and in his opinion it
should not be protected at all. If the system of the Minister was
acted upon, so far from being an injury it would be a source of
nutter:al benefit to the country. lie therefore trusted the Minister
would persevere, and would repartee himself, no this as on other
OCCaIIII2OIIS from ideas of partial interests, and the issue would be,
he would ;eceive the thanks of the country, even of those against
whose present wishes he carried the measure.
Sir „I. WROTTFISLEY pmtested agair.st a principle that had
lately been acted upon—that other persons knew interests of indi-
viduals better than those individuals themselves. This principle
was acted upon with regard to the silk manufacturers, and also
with respect to the landed interest. These petitioners told the
House, 1/ short time back that they were contented, and that their
workmen were all happy and employed ; now they state that they
were obliged to discharge their workmen. lie would ask the Right
lion. tientlemin opposite, how Ling this state of comparison was
to last. Men whose: bread depended upon their employment mere
not to be overlooked t something should he done at once. The
measure should be penieveretl in if it were cundueive to the good
of the country, or it should be given up at once. Many other
measures should be also given up; the coal duties, which were sa-
tisfactory to all, except the rmidems of London, should be suffered
to remain. The Right Honourable licittlernan should abandon his
Window Taxes, which gave such general dissatisfaction. Ile
should give up his half million for the building of churches, and
the reduction of the IVindow Tuxes would give the people of Lan-
don ample aetisfaction for the Coal Duties.
Mr. J. S3IITII said, it was incomprehensible to him, when the
raw material was cheaper than before, why the manufacturer should
sayVte was rained. He denied that taking the duty off the raw ma.
terial would injure the manufactured article. lie offered his heart-
felt gratitude to the lilinisters for their conduct. and approved
highly of the energy and spirit with which they caried their plans
nto effect.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said the matter
arising out of the petition was so ably discussed r e the lion. Mete.
bens around him, end was supported in NO disinterested a manner
by Hon. tientleumen at the opposite side, that it would be a corn.
plete waste of time, open his part, if he attempted to strengthen
the arguments which had been advanced. Ile rose merely tot the
purpose of answering the question pet to him by an lion. Baronet
and the Member for Ceventry, its to how long this state was to con-
tinue. Ile knew the bail etinsequences of protracted delay and un-
certainty upon the port of ilovernmert, in givin;an explicit view
of the measures it was determined to adopt; and he wished to come
to a definitive pleasure as early as possible but some of the parties
concerned in the matter had wished to hold communication with
him, and some athein hail been with him that vet; des.; souse other
individuals also wished to communicate with btu', before be made
; a definitive arrangement, and therefore he would make a statement:
upon the occnsien on Monday, whin the House vr-tuid be eecupird

Price 7tl.

with a Committee of the Custom Acts; wad he would then etatcs-
sour to frame some menet
Mr.Aldennan BIIV $ add, use peniins employed amoun•-
ed to giuiLleio, and he imp the Ministers, whom he had tr.,
Dtd
honour tn.look at (laughter), not to add to the distress of so n..
Memo.' *body. .
Mt. 31(..rNDAY said, he bid reara'vetilettess from respect -bit it
dividuals in Stafford and ether places, that the stock of all in the silt
trade wag likely to be seriously affected
.bi the measures of Minis-
ters ;. every person woug lose at the )este; •20111. many would lose
2,0111", Ile therefore entreated Ministers to desist from a measures
so fetuses to numbeee.,
lir. 11.lLISIMAND was of opinion that a trade which amid
not suppust Itself was mot wart support. The loge to the esuatry
with regard to such a nada way equal to the extent of the protec-
tion granted, gun/ sire would * so chance of acting in this matt*
in the spirit of a fre trade, If all the restrictions were not repealed ;
and in his opinion the. entire Spitallield regulations should be re-
pealed, where labour was 100 per cent. higher than it was at Omen-
try, and where expensive swedes were retailed upon the spar set*
occasion. And how, lie,wocild ask, could the English artisan compete
with a tiweigner in a foreign vieakal? Therewas an erroneous impres-
sion respecurga free trail; : it was supposed there was a fres trade to
India; there was not. ileet could there be free trade to that country,
there no person is suffered to go without thi? consent and permission
of the rlue red:a Company ? With respect to the silk trade, there
wen penutle. not more than five or six persons in India who under-
stood it, and were judges of its wittiest* bearings ; and he knew a
person educated in this country odes to acquire a perfect knowledge
on the trade, and when heliequived the neareurry information, wed
applied for permission tc, (Tie India Compeop, be was reillured. He
did pot find fault with the Cowpony Air *ls. trossedlog. Tbey
were ,jiwitified by the Acts of farltensesd fluid** by relined. The
iederedual was.toldifborstidenod Is Isobel Togs (10e, no).—
He meant the ;loud of. Control, his reside. woujd be attended
with no effect whatever. How, therefor, could we have, a free
trade with Inglis when it was le sae pew of twenty-60r individuals
to preventpersons skilled in trade going to that aiuntry, and these
twenty-four individuals, at astatine time interested in the prohibi-
tion : of this circumstance he was himself aware, and he mention: I'
it as a material fact. M,ae it *in or poiitic to lay a tax of three.
pence on Bengal, and silt-pence upon Italia" silk ? Was this us-
ing in conformity wilt the Inted, genend, and sound principles, of
which so much had been spoken ? Why not leave the Italian Wks
upon spar with those of, tuner countries ? Why speak of general
principles, and lin the vary first Parliament after they were admit.
ted and discussed ? IVtlygict in direct opposition to them ? lie
would even deny that the Itertenue received any benefit from tax..
ation on rah material.
31r., W. IVI.NN het no recollection whatever of the petition
alluded to being preiented to the Board of Control. He would
state for himself that since he bad the honour of a seat at the board
he had not neglected I dingle petition ; he inspected them with the
greatest attention, It was *tame" to consider how the law stood
as it affected the um; though, the petition was first presented to the
Company, it should pass under the view of the Board, and in some
cases the Bawd differed from the Company, and it gave permission
to go to ladikengen it was refused by the Company. Permission
WWI never refused so an i-,dividual who had either employment or a
chance of employment in the country; they could by law refuse
no individual who wished to go for the purpose of entering into
partnership, or fur any of the purposes. of trade and commerce. Ile
had no recollection whatever of the petition spoken of by the /lon.
31 ember.
Mr. C. HALIIIIIIAND said. the individual he alluded to wi
a Mr. Brown (we believe) who endeavoured to Fo as a clerk to the
house of Palmer and ro. in Calcutta ; the application was made in
general tames to send hint as a clerk, and permission was refused.
lie was.infermal nu attention would he paid to his petition by the
Board of Control, and therefore he did not petition at all He
made no applicivion at all, and he admitted his case was, in this
part of it, evicted.
3/r. IVY NN said if the application was nucleon the benslf ,
a clerk, lie had no hesitation in saying he would be refused per.
mission. (Hear, hear.) It would be peculiarly hard if the natives
were to by excluded from the situations they were by law corn.
petent to fill. The natives and tho.e of half castes were not' to be
excluded; and those clerks who went out in many cases either
obtained no emplo t or were retained but for a short time,
and thus became adventurers and rivals to the natives.

Sir 'l'. bIiTHERIDOE complained of Ote second speeches
made by the two Hoo. Members. lie had in cersaquence nearly
lost tl,c thread of his 'tegument. He dirta(pplnvtd entirely of the
idea of a free trade, and insisted that it would never be acted upon.
He deplored the mischievous tendency of the doctrines of Mr
Ricardo, who lett din him a memory lotai dhcrrespeeted hy all,
but his doctrines en political economy, 'lmbed as they wife it an
attractive dress, only served so bewail." others as math Air they
did the lamented individual himself. lid
dlerdber (Mr. Nag) to 'go tohis banllit,Va elliteaktntststkillft
and thence to his library, and then carry into effect and panitite
his ideas of a free trade. He was of opinion the cots laws would
be soon altered. He was lei to this opinion from the present prier:
of provisions. He did not wish for prices toe high ;he was satis.
lied as they were present. He called ppm Ministers to take t.
those taxes which were most setiously feh, and to remove
tuifair, partial, end detestable assessed tares.
Mr. EVANS complimented he Ministers on their not secki
for popularity, in reducing those taxes from the diminution
which more real benefit would ensue than from other measures,
which would be more popular. He thought nil duties whatever
should be repealed on the intercourse between England and
Ireland.

Mr. MARINO would say • few words. There should, in
opinion, be drawn a wide diatinction between the duties oil articles
passing from this island to Ireland, and to foreign countries; in hi,
idea of a free trade. Ile did not go so far as the pnliticrd econo-
mists. He wished for the free Introduction of the raw Material ;
he wished to make this country the entrepirt of the world ; but thiji
he would not allow without reciprocal advantage. He would not
go as far as the pure theory of the political economists, who main.
taind that if you could get your commodity cheaper at Lyons tbs.,
at Spitahick!. yon should go to Lyons. He never did_ he nes,-
would carry hie doctrintat to this length ; but if trade was carried
with the Continent whilst these countries were shut out from it,
.

Continent *oldd not take these articles In while we have advantages.
But nothing was allowed by the opposers of the prhsetpres the pe-
tition refeered to, for the habits of trade. They all Pnew that trades
would ire themselves at imr:iestlar plans, without any immedie•
curie bring apparent. Manchester hid its cotton manufactut
Shcflielfl its cutlers ; Lyons was remote, for manothrtures of sulk
Nuremberg for tee.; and Geneva for watches. It was quite ab
sun' to suppose that his good watelies might not he made at Dove
as at Genera, by equally skilful workmen, but from occidental c!:
runisnititees, particular manufteffircs attached to particular place
It was in vain to endeavour to hod an origin for it, but it was ot
Curious thrk 'tome towns inn a start of others in certain branches
manufactures ; and so deeply rooted were they at the placers wit
they conimenced, that it was very difficult to remove them.
instance, if the cotton and cutlery manufactures were removed from
Manchester and Sheffield to hydra, they would still, for a coasi.
derable length of tithe, continue to send cottons and cutlery to
l'ontinent. and Lyons would will send silk for a long pert to t
country. Highly as hr appreciated the talents and information of
lamented friend, Mr. It icnnlo, he could not accede to his opinion,
he held it t that the price of provisions haS nothing to do with t
price of labour. He was convinced the price of provisions •
closely connected with the price of labour. He wished to ask tlt
who opposed Oda petition why the price of labour did tot anvil
silk as well as cotton ? There were no experts of silk manu?acti
from this country; always excepting those articles that were ni
of India silk. Stockings were the principal article expeeted. 'Et
was no market nir any manefatture of French sod Italian silks ft
this country. Ile was anxious to do justice to the measures cf
Right Honourable Gentleman (Mr. Huskiasen) and his code:int
who appeared to wish honourably to do their duty, and he p:
cularly applauded them fax not catching at popularity ; whies
haul shewii by their measures was not an object with them, es .
had propssM some that were contrary to the views of persons
wlr.se good opinion they would have sought had they oniy InoY
for popularity. Did he believe the opposition to the petition n
welldliunded, he would not support it ; and, if his constituents
asked him to do that which he thought inconsistent with the p
of the country, when they put the petition into his hands, be w
not have presented it.
Mr. DAVENPORT said a few wont% in favors of the peril
which was brought up, read. and entered to be printed.
Mr. W. SMITH presented is petition nestle similar in its,
to the one that had just been read, front sonic highly respectable!
viduals of the city that lie represented, but which in fact was thi
tition of the silk and worsted nianutacturens of Norwich, pea
that )(mg wool might not be exported. The agricultural Lic
did not demand that it should he exported, as mad Lore a ran,
rating price, and there was no occasion to pewee it in the It
market. The lion. Member read one clause m the petition, w
stated, that whilst the peti•ioners atorthiplated with satrfaci
the conduct of Ministers with inward to silt, they hoped an hut
diate application of the principles on which they wife' would
take place, as, whilst the stock in hand was undisposed of, the
' nufacturrr could not employ his workmen to unumfactitte silk,
cause the price was too high for them to work it up. In one or
years the manufactures of this country would be on a frotin
compete with those of other countries, provided Minia:ers did
immediately act upon the principles they laid dawn. The peal
was then read by the Clerk. It prayed the House net to allow
exportztion of long wool—lt was ordered to be printed.
• RECIPROCITY OP DrrarAt.

In answer to a question from Mr. CURTEIB, retpeetir:
Reciprocity of Duties,
Mr. III'SKISSON stated, that the Act e'rpowerd his Ma,
to lay on countervailing duties, whenever he should find it neon=
on foreign tonnage. France had laid en a duty upon British tc
nage, which he hoped she would discontinue) but should that
he the case, he should consid.r it necessary to lay on a counter
ing duty on French tonnage.
SOUTH AMERICA.

Sir J. DIES MACKINTOSH, having carefully perusita
mem that the Right Honourable tientleman hid ea she to
la;t night, atitild inke the opportunity, an he itllll, him then tie
place, of putting nome miention• to him on the subject Co with
they rete;rd ; land the answers be 'should receive to titosertocatbv.
would decide him an io the came lie should pm-v..• in gin
notice ci a inoti...m relatine to the documents befort: tin. lEnse.
