BLOOMSBURY DISPENSARY.

Yesterday mentos the anniversmry festival of this excellent In-
etiolation, which.claimus for its object the relief of the sick poor, was
.-brated at the Freemasons' Tavern Oran Queen-street,
ifineatn's Inn-fields, when a company of the highest impectability
lileended, among whom we noticed Signor Jose Joachim Terceira
If Moire, President of the Portuguese Cortes Signer Carvallo,
fixtiginister of his Faithful Majesty; Signor Ferries Borges,
Catineeflor and Alember of the Cartes of Portugal ; General
Dim Ramaxin noway and hi. Aid-de-Camp; Omen] Mender de
Vigo, and several other foreigners and persons of distinction.
After thesimb was removed. " NON Noble' was sung in ad-.
nimblest-fie by Meters. Fitnisilliam, Jolley, and Phillips; atter
watch the Chairman pro few. S. HOUGH Esq. rose to apologize
'for the absence of Sir C. S. HUNTER, HMI who was to have taken
'the chair, but unavoidable circumstances had prevented his lumi-
nesce. 'He regretted that the office of Chairman had net fallen into
abler hands. but would endeavour to perform his duty to their satin-
4ictisa.

The Kinsf" and other loyal toasts were then drunk, on which
the Secretary read the report of last year, which presented a moat
lliattedns account of the success of the Institution. It stated that
•stlie Institution afforded gratuitous assistance to afflicted individuals
at their own habissians,and rendered relief in sickness to many in.
elustriens families, who, from the severity of the times, have fallen
iota rißtreic and poverty, and, feeling a nduetance to apply for pa.
'ti .h relief, hate had so other means of obtaining the necessary
comfort of medical and surgical attendance when afflicted with
If ,senote ; 't also extended the cow.pox inoculation, thereby arresting
the fatal -meagre of the email-pox.
Freon :he first opening of the Dispensary in October
to the SIP of March, 1824, 42,247 patients here been admitted;
Of whom 32,245 were cured or relieved ; 1,•',96 inoculated for the
row-pock ; 54 absconded or dismissed for irregularity ; 1,447 died ;
Sad 3N remain under cure • and 6,017 patients were visited at
Weir own habitations ; and .2,240 were admitted during the last
.111
The lizport met with considerable applause.
The beslth of the, (Airman being drank, he returned thanks in
a ithort speech. j .
The health of fflif Claudius Stephen Hunter was drunk.
Several spdodses were delivered in support of the Charity.
In the course of the evening the ampapy wise entertained by
souse excellent sieging, sod they did not serrate until a late hour.

Song—" Valiant Bolivar."
Sir J. MACa IN TO!, it said, that at considerable inconvenience to
himself on the score of health, he had made a point of attending
.
the present company, for the purpose ofjoining in paying his tri-
bute of respect and welcome to the distinguished stranger now pre-
sent, and whom he hoped shortly to have the satisfaction of ad-
dressing as the recognised Minister of the Government of Colom-
bia. From the flea commencement of the struggle for liberty in
South America, he had felt the warmest interest in its progress.
He had viewed it as a contest against the grossest system of tyran-
ny ever imposed on man ; • system by which the kingdom falsely
called the parent state, sought to exclude the innocent inhabitants
of those extensive regions from the benefit of common intercourse
with the rest of the civilized world, refusing to them the enjoyment
of the common rights of humanity, and depriving them of all the
most valuable attributes and advantages of social life. In such a
cause he never could feel otherwise than sincerely attached, and it
had always received his willing though humble support. He con-
sidered the establishment of the independence of South America as
an event calculated to exercise • powerful influence on the interests
of the world at large. 4n the praise bestowed on the great leader
of the South American cause by his Honourable Friend near him
(who was peculiarly qualified to characterize such persons), he en.
tirely concurred, and he trusted that the day was not far distant
when that great man would see, in the recognition of the indepen-
dence of his country by Great Britain, the reward of all his la-
bours. He was about to propose to the company the health of
the distinguished individual on whom it had devolved, in the
absence or the President from the seat of Government, to ad.
minister for a considerable period the functions of the executive.
His conduct had been marked by great talent and activity, a strict
adherence to the principles of the Constitution, and a zeal fur the
public welfare, which had shown itself in nothing more useful than
in the anxious desire he bad manifested, and the means he had
taken, for promoting the education of all claws throughout the Re-
public. Knowing how much the spread of intelligence throughout
the community tended to secure the bundatione of public liberty,
the Vice-President of Colombia conceived that he could in no way
so effectually perfect the esmblishment of those institutions on
which they relied for the future prosperity and improvement of the
country, as by giving every facility to the general extension of
knowledge. The enlightened stranger who was now present, would
see its this company • happy instance of the teal of our own free
institutions, where individuals differing in their respective opi-
nions and pursuits, were always found ready to meet and te
with tech other, for the general advancement of the interests of man-
kind. Ile concluded by proposing the health of " General
Santander, Vice-President of the Republic of Colombia."
Dr. LI: till I NC. T 0 N said he rose with peculiar pleasure on the
present occasion, to met to the company, as a toast, the " Con-
greats of Colombia. That body had entitled themselves to the gra.
'nude of their own countrymen by the wisdom of their deliberations.
" seal powerfully recommended themselves to the respect of the world
at large, by +hewing that in the midst of the many cares that must
have linseed upon them, in the organization of an infant state, they
had not forgotten the claims of sufFering humanity. The means by
which the Congress of Colombia had provided for the certain ex-
tinctien of slivery throughout the republic, were no less creditable
to their WiStlolll titan their humanity: without operating any vio-
lent or sudden change, or invading private rights, they had, by a
gradual, but most certain meets, now in active operation, secured I
the entire cessation of slavery within the present generation. The
cause of independence in South America had peculiar daimon
die sympathy of Englishmen ; and front the circumstances of the
struggle for that independence having first been excited by English
mean*. Proclsmatinne were industriously circulated throughout
the Spanish Main, by the direction of the British Government,
containing the most unqualified assurances, that whenever the in.
habitants of those countries should he disposed to throw off the
oppressive rule of Spain, they might rely on the most effectual and
unlimited assistance Crow the navy of this country. They acted
on this invitation ; but, unhappily for then,, when the time ar-
rived at which they had to call for the performance of our part of
the contract, n change in our policy haul taken place. Our rela-
tions with Spade avec chnaged--and haring excited them to the
battle, we left them to continue it single-handed. Every body
must feel that this circumstance gave the inhabitants of Colombia'
• powerful claim on our friendship and good wishes. He was re- I
joked that the Colombians were now in the possession of a Con.
stitution thinned on that principle, by which alone rational liberty
could be sustcined--the giving to the people • proper control in
the election of their representatives. Ile concluded by peoposing
the " Congress of Colombia."
Mr. IL hattAw said, that after the powerful and eloquent manner
in which the company had been addressed by the three last Hon.
Gentlemen who had spoken, it would be presumptuous in him to
attempt to detain them at any length. The popular feeling in this
country towards South America was most ardent.. It had gone be.
hare, as it frequently did, the arts of his Majesty's Government,
and had pointed out the necessity of measures which he trusted
were now in progress, fur estthlishing reciprocal relations between
the two countnea. No countries could be more advantageously
situated for mutually advantageous itllt rODUrst than Europe and
America. The biter, rich beyond measure an all the natural peto.
ducts of thc earth ; the Cornier, distinguished by the poseueion of
the fruits of the ingenuity of men. Between countries thus circum-
stanced, a connexion of she most agreeable kind was to Lc looked
for, and he therefore treated they should all see the toast he was
about to propose fully realised—
" May the relations between the Old World and the New Ix
consolidated to their mutual advantage."
Mr. Pow LES said, that t t those who had been is the habit of di-
recting their thoughts toward. the interests of Colombia. it had Leen
a matter of some anxiety to see that for m long a period as a year
and a half, circumstances had required theirrat man who presided
over Colombia to be absent from the admtrietration of the Go.
yeenment. It scented as if the father of the family was •hsent at
the critical moment when his children might most need his parental
care; but that Provider.ce which orders every thing for us better
than we can toe ourselves, had given occasion, from this Ca/CUM-
stance, to show to the Colombians thesneelves, and the world at
. large, that the preservation of the tranquillity of the country, the
due And effective eihniniNtetp.r. ash* tioverouent, did rot depend

DINNER. TO JOHN MAATEL JOSe IlL'RT.11)0.
lon the hie of one indiviiltial. Public order had been maintained,
___.........__ the laws had been duly administered, the authority of the Govern.
An elegant entertainment was girth on Wednesday. at the City !went everywhere respected and obeyed. Thus had been afforded
of London Tavern, by Messrs. Herring, Graham, and Ponies, the • meat satisfactory testimony ot the complete consolidation of public
Contractors of the first Colombian Loan, to Don Manuel Jose
affairs in Cotostibut. Fur this agreeable result great praise was due
Hurtado, the Colombian 31iniatt r. and a select party. Smong
to the efficient wanner in which, under the directions of the Vie:.
the compan resent were, Sir James Mackintosh, .
.ss,p, Sir' President, the several Secretaries of the State had conducted the
Robert WilsOTl, y p M.P., Dr. Lushington M.P.. Alderman bridges, 1 business of their respective departments. The several reports
, ages,
M.P., A blerman Thompson, 31. P., 31r. Attwood, 31. P., 31r. B. I which they had laid before the Congress of the State, of all mat-
Shaw, Mr. Buckle. Mr. illoldightnish, Mr. S. Gurney. 3,esetle Ir. Ili- tent under their respective charge. ihewol the extent of their la-
b
cardo. 3lr. Down, Mr. S. Cock, Mr. Rumiell, Mr. Ilardouni, atd the accuracy with which they were reported. The pub.
31r. George loran, Mr. S. M. Samuel, &e. &c. Ax. After the , I:fishing and circulating these reports ihnnothout the country gave to
individual in it the opportunity of seeing in what MOM?
WARM of •• the King," " the Duke of York, and the rest of the' every
the affairs of the State were conducted, and formed a striking OM.
Royal Family,- and, "the Army and Nary," hail been drank, the j
treat with the darkness and debasing ignorence from which they
Chairman, SD. Herring, rose, and said, he was about to propose .
the health of the respectible and distinguished indivalital who had had escaped. Ile proposed the health of Mr. Goal, Mr. Castillo,
!Moe of the Republic of Color.bia.
that der favoured them with his company. Th„espectability or, 3lr. Roarepo, and 31r. Ilriceno Mendez, the four Secretaries of
his personal character, no less than the importance of the political
mission with which he was charged, rendered 111;11 u welcome guest I Ahlrlinati Toon eson said he should propose a toast which he
in this country. He was persuaded that Mr. thinoto would . was sure would Meet with a cordial reception. Then? was no doubt
fulfil the duties of the honourable office enututted to him :of there being on this interesting subject the 111014 entire concur.
with credit to himself and advantage to his country. In the : ren""f sentiment between the Government uhf this country, and
intercourse which he (the Chaimmo) and the Gentlemen associated I all chews of the pimple. His Majesty's alinisters had pledged
with him hail had the honour of tatting with 31 r. Illgrado, they i themselves as to the course they intended to follow with respect to
o
found in him every thing that could command respect and ime.,. South America. In sending out Commissioners and Consuls to
Silence. Many words were unneceassre where all were of one sen. j these countries, they had, &•/acrd, acknowledged the independence,
and cite more formal and ulterior measure of recognition he had DR
titeent. He should therefore not detain the company longer than I
doubt would soon follow in the case of such countries as would
to propose the health of the Honourable Manuel Jose Huffed°,
Minister Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Colombia, with three skew their title to it. lie heartily joined in every good wish for
times three. ; the prosperity of Colombia, and concluded by proposing,
Mr. II enr ano immeillively rose and said (in Spanish), that he! " His 31inesty's Ministers."
felt exceedingly flattered at the manner in which the mention of his Mr. Ar r woon said that nothing would tend to much to the
name had been received, and greatly indebted to the authors of the general improvement of Colombia, as the extension of education.
g
present entertainment for having enabled hint to enjoy the &misfile.
Ile was happy to find that this great object had engaged in a neat
'ion of meeting so highly respectable a nompeny in this great me. degree the attention of the Government of Colombia. Every thing
that was useful to the State at large, and advantageous to indivi.
tropolis. His country had sustained a long nest bitter contest for
duals in particular, would be promoted by the diffusion of intent-
the r.covery of rights which a lamentable syston of tyranny and
Bence throughout the country. Ile hoped that this great instru.
misrule had, for so long a period, deprived them of; and he hoped,went of good would continue to occupy the rare and attention of
in the course of that struggle, that his countryman had shewn qua-
the rulers of Colombia, and that their labours might meet with
titles which entitled them to be received into the common family
adequate recompence. He proposed, therdore, the following of nations. Complete tranquillity was now happily stablishea
thmegitout the extensive republic of Colombia; she was now be. toast i----
ginning to taste the fruits of her toils and her dangers, and the ; " Prosperity to the extension of Education in Colombia."
great desire that animated all classes of her citizens was, to enter ! Mr. Powvvs said there was an individual present to whom the
Nate of South American Indeperalence towed a great debt. On all
into the most harmonious and mutually beneficial relations with ;
the rest of the nations of the universe. Providence had blessed occasions the enlightened counsel and able assistance of that mg. 1
rent individual had been most cordially offered. Ile spoke fruit
her with the most unbunistled national resources, and she invited
all to come and partake of them, by "'ran' of an intercourse Personal experience in acknowledging the readiness with which the !
The heroic talents and experience of Doctor Lushington were alareyst afforded, j
flooded on the solid basis of reciprocal advantage.
valour, the enduring constancy of his countrymen, must, in any . whenever the interests of that cause required them. He proposed
yoke of spat, t ; the health of Dr. Lushitegon.
event, ascomplished the destruction of ihe iron 1
bud he felt it only an set of justice to declare, that the generous I Dr. Loan' NG Ttl V, With considerable animation, returned
! thanks for the marks of attention which had just been shewn to
succour and support which had been rendered by individuars in this
country to the cause of liberty in Colombia, had vastly accelerated ; him. The causeof liberty had always been dear to his heart, and
! would remain so to the last hour of his life. He was convinced that
the establishment of that independence now happily consummate d,
and checked the career of devastation which had too king been seg. , the best interests of England, and of the world at large, were ut-
tered to despoil one of the most beautiful portionsof the elobe. If, I volved in its support. If his services had at sty time, either pro.
fiosionally or otherwise, been useful to the cause of South .Ime-
theeefore. it was a source agar is fact WO to tbeGovern mentoft's loin bits
Titan independence, it was to him a source of the highest satisfac.
to see itself in a 'situation to cultivate friendly relations with other
lion. So long as God continued to him the pinoesaion of his facul.
nation's in general, it stolid mg but attach a peculiar value and
arrest to those to be formed with Grua. Britain, the freest and i tie*, he should always be found willing solo employ them. convinced
best ;than he was thereby discharging his duty to God and to his country.
the happiest nation of the universe. He beginid to return his
beat thanks for the kindness which had been iliewn liim,und to as. I ir• II tlt Ril" Crulnmed the health of Mr. Mender, the ((ewer
AM the company that so Englishman might always confidently re_ I Minister of (*mom is, whose services he was convinced had been
ly on the gratitude of a Colombian, and that he would always find greatly advantageous told* country.
in him a friend and a brother. 1 Mr. ME N UTZ apologised ear Ins ieability to do justice to his
feelings in the Engliah language. Ho arid, his heart was over.
Sir R. Ws tam( said, he had to propose to the Company the
powered with gratitude towards those Englishmen who had so
health of that distinguished and illustrious Chief, under whose 1
itasisied the cause of South American Independence, and he
gaidenee, and through whose unwearied exertions, Colunibia had ! greatly
felt confident that every Colombian participated in his sentiments.
accomplished her present happy destiny,—an individual, of whom
the history of the world afforded no example till the days of Wash. Mr. Mender then pointed out in a very able and animated manner,
Moon, and in whom, like him, were found all those greet quali. the great advantages which would accrue to both countries from the
tics that constitute at once the patriot and the philanthropist. The immediate recognition of the Independence of Colombia by Great
Britain. He most sincerely thanked the Chairman and the Gentle.
moat pure and disinterested devotion to the cause of his country.
men present for the very kind and cordial manner in which they had
unaccompanied by tine views of personal aggrandizonent, had
drank his health, and concluded by saying, that with the Chair_
the the whole of his conduct. Ile had accomplished more for
man's permission he would propose a toast. " The irpeedy men-
the best interests of humanity, aad with fewer means, than any in.
tuition of Colombia by Great Britain," which was drunk with three
dividual who had ever pew-odes) him, and he might already enjoy
by anticipation, as it were, that immortality which his ardent de. times three.
votion to the welfare of his fellow-creatures would not fail to secure Mr. liv eit re then proposed the health of their very worthy and
to him. He (Sw R. Wilson) could not help comparing the pm,. respectable Chairman, who had always shewn himself the devoted
frintl of Colombia ,whose services, as well as those of his .
happy condition of Colombia with the miserable and degraded
! spectacle which Spain now exhibited. It was to him a deep source had been so highly instrumental to the attainment of their
of regret that proposals made to that ill-fated country by the late Pe"dettee'
able and respected Minister of Col-alibis, Mr. Zee, in the neva,. Mr. ii ER RING returned thanks, and at half...past ten retired with
tion of which he (Sir R. Wilson) had a part, had not been accepted Mr. II urtado, upon which the party broke up, after having spent a
by Spain, for he would take upon himself to pay, that had a dif-
most convivial and agreeable evening.
ferent result attended that negotiation. Spain would now have been
one of the most prosperous stations of Europe. Colombia would
then have afforded her Government that pecuniary assistance she
so much needed, and which would have enatiled her to set at defi-
ance the threats of any enemy. He concluded by proposing" The
health of General Rohrer."

IRISH EQUITADLIC LOAN COMPANY.

iritoat • CORAESPONDENTA
A very intereatiog petition will be presented this evening to Par-
liament, in favour of the Equitable Loan Hank Company of Ire-
land. The promoters of this measure calculate on the influx of no
less a sum than tiOo,oilo/. British capital, backed by 400,11691. Irish
capital, for the relief of the poor and labouring deism of Ireland.
The appropriation of such a sum to such a purpose, is surely an
object most desirable and necessary.
The want of capital in Ireland is the great, or rather one of the
very great evils of which that country has hitherto complained
and if that evil can be removed by the incorporation of the present
' Company, without injustice to, or improper interference with,
established interest', it deserees es be regarded as a body of as-
tional benefactors. It is, moreover, useful and important, as esti-
, Wishing • connection by which the further investment of English
capital jin Ireland will be encouraged and promoted. The per-
sons principally engaged in the formation of this Company strongly
rely for the countenance of the Legislature on a pledge given by
the Irish Parliament, that the present system should continue
only until relief could be afforded on more moderate and equitable
tense.

The present Company proposes far cheaper terms on the ground
of public Loth, and therefore consider themselves entitled to the
encouragement and sanction of the Legislature. It must be ad-
mitted that great extortion sad great oppression at present prevail
in matters of loan. Remove that extortion, and substitute a more
satisfactory mode of loan, and doubtless a great good will be sf-
fected. if the mode suggested by the new Company can effect so
desirable an object, it has our earnest wishes for its success. The
Company propose to give relief at the rate of half the interest at
which loans are now made. This is a prima fucie caw at least of
great public advantage.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

NEWMARKET SECOND SPRING MEETING, 182.

WEDNESDAY,

Lord Orford's Addy beat Mr. Lee's Fatima. Bst. 41b. each.
T.Y.C. 50 sow. h. ft-3 to lon Addy.
Colonel Wilson's f. by Soothsayer, 7st. 71b. beat Lord Orfonrs
Addy, 7st. 101 b. D.M. 60 sovs.—fto 4 agst Col. Wilson's 1.
Handicap Plates of 501. by subscription, being the third of the
three 501. plates, fortbree, four, five, sia.yrs old, and aged bones.
A.F.
Sir J. Ilyng's b. h. 3lorisco, 5 yrs old, 9st.
Lord Jersey's be. c. by Phantom, out of Web, 4 yrs old, 7st. 71b. 2
Lord G. IL Cavendisli's be. e. Mina, 4 yrsold, 7st. 10lb. - 3
Duke of Gralton's ch. m. Whisgig, 5 yrs old, bst. 21b.
Mr. Meynell's bL f. by 3luley, dam by Scud or Sorcerer, out of
sister to Petworth, 4 yrs 7st. Sib.
Col. Wilson', ch. f. by Soothsayer, out of Tippitywitchet, 3 yrs
old, fe.t.
Air. tirevilles b. c. brother to Amabsil, 3 yrs old, kg. 10Ib.
31r. ‘Vynobain's b. f. Elfrid, 4 yrs old, 7.t. 101 b. . dr
Mr. Cdny's b. c. Emilius, 4 yea old, kist. 31b. . dr
Duke of Grafton's b. ut. Posthunia, 5 yrs old, Bst. 21b. - dr
The Judge placed but 3.
4 to I apt 31orisco--3 to 1 aptMina—.t to 1 apt Whlrgig.

Tinker (purchased by Mr. Whittaker of Mr. Watts) will start
fur the All-aged Stakes at the York Spring Meeting.

TATTERSA LL'S, May 20.

The Suhrrritition Room wu not attended by any aim regular
frequenter. to-day, they ' absent at the Newmarket Second
spring Meeting ; etimeilueu y no engagements on any of the en-
suing great Stakes took pl

NEW lARKET 11E.1T11, THURSDAY, MAY 20.
The Second Spring Meeting is within a feu' minutes of dosing,
and the principal attention to-Jay, iii'st zit the Roams, and now on
the Course, has bum taken up in making engage:mums on the
Ikeby and Oaks at Epson.), on which stakes them has been an on.
usual deal of heavy betting. It will be seen that the celebrated
colt .crab (Jassy) has got up another point since yesterday, and
now stands at the small odds of icily `4 to 1 against hint for the
I)erhy. Cobweb is also mewed forwards tor the Oaks. The Don.
caster Si. Legsechinucd some attention; and it will be noticed that
I Swiss is gone back, and Altiisdora become the first favourite.
Exact particulars of the wcsent state of odds on each horse, for the
didercnt stakes now pat.larly noticed, sill be bond beneath.
STATE OF ODDS.
MOUSY.
6 to 2 agst Saab 8 to 1 agst Grenadier
6 to 1 agst Reformer. 12 to 1 agst (haunts
8 to 1 apt Cedric 17 to 1 agst Don Carlos
8 to I agst Elephant 29 to 1 agst any other

0.1145.
7 to 4 apt Cobweb 12 to 1 ago 31110
9 to 2 agst Rebecca 13 to 1 cpt Angelicia
11 to 2 sgst Lord Georges Two I to 1 apt any other
8 to I twat t'iscountem
DONCASTER ST. LEGER.
8 to 1 apt Altisidora 17 to 1 apt Tinker
t t, 1 mkt Swiss 20 to 1 apt any other
11 to 1 agst naming the wituters of the Derby and Oaks

Putrrimovrel. Nl•v 19.-By the Niemen, which ar-
rived here y.stvrilay, we learn that his Alluesty's brig
Argus, Captain Dendas, was waiting at Halifax to take
the mail to B.Tiontla--and that the Athol frigate, Captain
Bourcisier, was to sail for Quebec about the lit of June,
to bring home the Conunatul er-in-Chief, Lord I)alhousie.
The Niemen brought home Major-General Sir James
Kemp. G.C.R., Lieutenant (overnor of Nova S:otia.—
His Majestv's ship Niemen was towed into harbour this
day by the Duel -yard Steam-boat. The remainder of the
3 tth Regiment of Foot, have this day ytubarle:ll on board
the rrincess Royal. transport for Dublin.

LAW INTELLIGEACE.

CASE OF THE LAZE 1171. GREG,‘

ontinaeleiltallattl: Ithngarrt ediii.infathGeruy:sHonvibeir:condlintiluthecte Id fituh,,thee4tii:e
:I' Stili[lltiallerdt,lY*(l;:l74:C(aitrg"riirkaNide%(th)NferPPlAllit.hhal:effilah:bedweshtrwiateritiebfilthhit----beitsbrimbi:t,:-.
san'imillerecrievideaved.a.
as that which be gave on the inquest; sod a
TIIE KING :...10/IN SION.
Mr. Gra gar prayed the judgment of the Court upon the Iticorf;
defendant, who was convicted at ill! last Kent assizes, before Mr. i died, was brought before L. B. ALLEN, D. Kix, awl./ „tbn
' • riot.
Justice Burrough„ of having, with others, violently assaulted a: MCI, airs.
revenue officer, at Dover, while engaged in the discharge of his I John Gregory, in addition ton his evidence g;ven bebre it,
duty.
It appeared that the defendant and his confederates had mud. i Pita', just before he quitted the house, made use of this ei.....'
treated the officer in a very severe manner. His clothes were • sum—• 0, George ! remember this;" alluding to the otlitad-r''s;
stripped front his person, he was then tarred and leathered, and in
that state led through the town. VI intim Gregory, another of the deceased's suns, P's Previitly
An affidavit by dm defendant was read, in which he expressed
his contrition fur the offence of which he had been found guilty. I reply to a question by the Magistrate, he also stated that the
lie further stated that he was apoor man, having a wife and several
mess added,
dwedhi:hth.htisabtruerthhiserfpauthterdowwasn
.ontabbedthe
children deimndent span him, and that, he had been iinpfisoned ' was stabbed, did nut contain any blood on the blade of it. N'
it the Bch of October last.
Mr. Justice BATLEY in Passing sentence, observed, that the dour neighbour,
a:Sbolr.ut3ltenarkos,,clwockho,in
jsatanntlGyregcammeyi,notonetheair rithoseeae:
Court would have passed a sentence very different from what he , Mr. Mark Marks, a nest.door neighbour of the deemaad, thes.
was about to pronounce, but for the statements disclosed in the gave his testimony. He said, I knew the decebeftt. On samba,
defendant's affidavit. The offence of which he had been guilty , the 2d of May,
Iris edculated materially to obstruct the collection of the revenue, ,'leases first examined, came to me, and told me Ins father lima4i,
and thereby lessen its productiveness ; it was one, therefore, which, me ; and when I asked him what was the matter, he burg ,«„
under other circumstances, would have been severely punished.: tears
andhut was lur.
made no re .
oplrye.gorlyismiuminetliatelg
on
ay
boa
neat
awto
trite 31r.thortheaarytioor.s
The judgment of the Court was, that the defendant be imprisonedhouse,
'in the gaol of St. Augustine, at Canterbury, for one year, and .He looked very pale, and bled very much. He said, ' Oh,
afterwards to give security for his good behaviour fur five years, ; God ! Mr. Marks, my cruel son Geoentliageleinwhaeounsncisiotta;hbb: edh:hictliamatituti':
himself in 401., and two sureties in '...ffiL each. ' shall die, and he will be hung." I than asked him ta it,
THE SING V. DAVID GILLOW. ,me look at the place, but he said he was not able. I its.
This was an indictment against the defendant for having ob.. buttoned the waistband of his trowstra, and found oatbe
structed a revenue officer in the discharge of his duty, at llchester, left side a deep wound, gaping aide, and three tact* in the county of Somerset. width, just above a truss which he wore. About a quirt 0,
The defendant had pleaded guilty.
fbaihntd.hadl wbeyntthittotitTee parflolwouedr.andfron; Mr. 6AsE i. ri: now prayed the judgment of the Court.
Th.! defendant was sentenced to three months' imprisonment to round his waist, and tied as tight as I could, to stop the blest
the county gaol at Ilchester, and afterwards to give security for his : Its. Gregory then came down stairs, and said—•• Oh, Mr. Mau.
;good behaviour for live years, himself in SOL, and two sureties in , this is a bad job !"—" Yes," said I, "it is indeed ; and I able!
20f. each. her to have the deceased taken up stairs and put to bed at No:
and I told her that I would try to stop the bleeding until du.-

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, THURSDAY. 111 Av 20.

THE RING V. MARY EVAN 4 AND OTHERS.

This was an indictment against the defendants, Mary Evans,
Anne Innis, Elizabeth Cunningham, and Jane Matthews, fur
having violently asvaulted a revenue offpaer, and obcructed hint
in the discharge of his duty, at Liverpool, on the 11th of Oc-
toiler last.

JinfLe
ja.theist.
geon should Caine, whoa' it was necessary that she
send for. She said she could not send for a surgeon, as aleelliret
know how to pay him. I said Don't thick or that DOW, be
send off for • surgeon-- No," re Mrs. Gregory &Inn
go to the hospital." " Well, then, far God's take.'said I, roma
for • coach as soon as possible, if he must go." J.
standing in the shop, doing something
to his shin; Lindireglid to
him, don't stand about so, bulge fatal a onelt." Jabs mokm
"Oh, serve him right (meaning his father); ha had no bosioese
interfere with us." Ile then west and fetched* coach, and I gat Alt
Gregory into it. Mrs. llregory got upon the coach-bee, std
went inside with the deceased. He fainted two or three time as we
were going to Guy's Hospital I saw tie peisoner George as we
were going away, and Mr. Gregory exclaimed, in hi poen, ~ oh ! George, I shall die ;I am dare I shall never moo hums
again." At this moment he had hie arm round my ant, mg I
had mine round his waist. George made no reply that I heard.
While we were in the coach the deceased said to me that be was
deeply wounded in two places. I supposed he alluded to medter
body wound, and asked him where the second was, lie mphsd,
" I have a wound in my aide and a 'mutat In my heart; but
dreaded this event, for it was only a week ago that my son Jab*
took a pot of boiling coffee of the fire to throw at me. He was,
however, providentially prevented. It was al/ owing to the ma.
they taking the part of the children, and not suffering me t• on.
net them. as John and George work for their hying, and I moot
able to do so, oa account of a severe rupture." The deceased end
no more till he got to the Hospital. Mrs. Gregory, whes
reached the Hoepttal, came down front the coach-box, and said to
the deceased, w Don't say how it Implied ; say you fell pa
something, and upon a knife, and cut yourself."- Mr.
shook his head at this, and said to Mrs. Gregory, " I dm's ri
that story will do." The deceased was then put in the chide sad
crrried to bed in the Hospital. One of the Doctors asked his hew
he came by the wound, and he said, " My cruel son George his
stabbed me."
Ilerc lir. Allen desired the witness not to state a word of my
thing that had been said by the deceased against hissou, unless die
deceased, at the time, spoke under the impression that be maid
certainly die.]
The witness continued.---I saw his wound dressed, and called to
see him in the evening. His wife came up at the sante time. He
told us he felt somewhat better, bat he was very bad ; and be best
out crying. I told him not to fret, as one of the surgeons bad as.
cured me that if he would fret the c uences might be ray
serious. He said. "My cruel eon has subbed me, and lam sure
I shall die." Mrs. Gregory said, "It is your own fault; you were
always haggling and quarrelling with the children, and never could
be quiet—you struck
it.qe." " I declare to God !" replier: the
deceased, .* I never ed with the children—l never struck
George." All this time t deceased spoke under the positive im-
pression that he should not survive. "My dear," said he to hit
wife, " you don't know the rights of it. l'ou were up stain, but
I'll tell you, before my God and myself, and Mr. Marks. My son
William wanted some Mead and butter. when George mine to
breakfast. I told him I had cut him • thick round off a (pavan
loaf, and I thought that quite sufficient. I was standing by the
window, cleaning (witness bdieves) my son George's boots, which
you know I did every Sunday, well as the boots of all the rest ef
the children. George came towards the cupboard-door, with a case
Mite in hb hand, to cut care bread and butter for William. I said
to George, • You shall not cut him any.' George.esid be would. I
then tools him by the arm and shored him away front the door. He
then turned round from the place, and made and thought a violent
blow on niy side. I did not know I was stabbed. I then reek a
bog-haired broom, and ro doubt should have knocked him down,
as Molt very angry ; but as I struck it caught the line, and my hip
and thigh failing me, I fell down : upon putting my hand to my
ilia, I found it wet and bleeding. I said, •My God ! Gorge, you
have stabbed me; I shall die, and you will be hung. I then
crawled to the box outside the door in the shop, where Mr. Marks
found me. I neither struck George, nor gave him any other pto-
vocation than what 1 have stated."
Mr. Marks continued—George told tue, when I came from the
Hospital, how the dreadful circumstance had occurred. I said to
him, " In the name of God, George, how came you to do this rash.
act ?"—" I'm sure I don't know," said he; " I don't know what I
shall do; I did not do it intentionally. I made a run at my father
to strike him, but I did not know that I had • knife in my hand."
I advised George to go out of the way fora few days. He did not
icy a word about hi, father striking him; but said, " My father
shoved me, and I anted him, forgetting! had a knife in my hand."
Mr. Smith, also a next-door neighbour of the deeeaied, said.
that he had visited the deceased at the Hospital, but as what be
had heard Mr. Gregory mention was net accompanied by an as.
menials that he expected to die, Mr. Allen desired that it shall
not be taken down. Witness said that the deceased had spoken
well of the disposition of the prisoner, and that he mentioned, that
he should not have wondered if John, who was of • more turbu-
lent temper, had done him the violence. •• I forgive him," said
the deceased, " whether I lire or die; and I hope the law will for-
give bin."
Here three respectable persons asked Mr. Allen whether be
would hear what they had to say in favour of the character of the
prisoner, whom they, had known for a length of time, and who was
of an extremely mild and amiable temper.
Mr. A L LE N observed that their presence at another pier:tali& be
very requisite, but he had • duty to perform, to which testimonials
of character had no reference. He should feel it incumbent upon
Mm to commit the prisoner for wilful murder.
Mr. Allen then ordered that the prisoner should be brought up
on Ssturtlay, in order to be committed.

The defendants were tried at the last Lancaster assizes, before
Mr. Justice Holroyd, and found gu.ilty.
Mr. SCARLETT lIPV prayed the judgment of the Court
1 Mr. Justice Ilos.oov n read his notes of the evidence, from
which it appeared that the office had a search-warrant to execute
in the house of the defendant Evans, for the discovery of smuggled
ifoi'ds-
' Mr. BROVGHAW addressed the Court in mitigation of punish-
,' sent. The great poverty of the defendants having precluded them
from employing a second Counsel, he had but a very scanty and
imperfect outline of the evidence, and was, in a great measure,
obliged to rely upon what lie had imperfectly caught from the
I Learned Judge's notes that day in Court. But it was evident that
1 the principal wrong doers were not before the Court: they were
sailors. and had avoided justice by leaving the country. It was
tin evidence that eight or nine men, beakless the defendants,
had joined in the violence exercised towards the revenue officers.
Without such aid, it was manifest that these poor women
could not have inflicted the injury stated on the trial to have
been suffered by the officers. It was on his Lordship's notes
that the husband of the defendant. Mary Evans, kept • lodg-
-1 ing.house fur sailors, the management of which was entrusted to
his wife, whose absence would almost disable him from carrying
on his business. It appeared that this man, Hobert Evans, had
not only not obstructed the officers in their search, but actively
assisted them. This good conduct on his part entitled him to ex-
pect that the Court would mitigate the punishment of his wife.
Another ground of mitigation was, that she had been induced to
oppose the search because the officers * ished to open a chest belong-
ing to a sailor then abroad, who had left it in her cususly, and
therefore she supposed Itersell bound to protect it under all circum-
stances. The chest, when opened, contained nothing contraband.
The defendants were all exceedingly poor, and had suffered
considerably in consequence of being obliged to attend to re.
ceive the judgment of the Court, after which they would have
to find their way as they could back to Liverpool. Their
poverty had prevented them from filing any affidavits, but he
was informed that Mary Evans was the mother of ten children,
and Anne Innis of two, the eldest of whom was not three years of
age. Jane Matthews was the servant of Evans, and therefore in
some degree excusable. The other defendant, Cunningham, ac-
cording to the evidence, hail not been guilty of any violence. The
Learned Counsel therefore trusted the Court would take the eases
of the defendants into its mriciful consideration.

SC•RLETT. -----n
aggravation of punishment, disclaimed any
wish to press with seventy against the defendants; but he could
not suffer the conduct of Robert Evans to be urged in favour of his
wile, without one observation. It was in evidence, that, though
the husband had used no violence towards the officers, he, with
some others, were employed in removing something from the MOM
up stairs, while his wife, the defendant, was assisting in keeping
the officers below stain.
31r. Justice DAY LET, after the Court had consuhed, proceeded
to pass sentence. The defendants had been convicted of violently
smoking the revenue Amts. for the purpose of obstructing them
in the discharge of their duty ; and, looking at the existence, it am
impassible to doubt, that, whit the defendants wen detaining the
officers below, Robert Evans and some other persons were remov-
ing the contraband goods which the search warrant was issued to
secure. The Learned Judge earnestly admonished the defendants
not to continue in a course of lin which necessarily compelled them
to follow up one violation of the law by another. Considering the
part each defendant had taken in the assault, the sentence of the
Court was, that the defendants be imprisoned in the Castle of Lan-
caster, fur the following periods respectively :—Ann Innis, for six
calendar months; 31ary Evans, for four • and Elisabeth 3latthews,
and Jane Cunningham, for three; and ;hat Ann Innis, °tithe ex-
piration of her imprisonment, should enter into her own recog.
nuances in .IW., and find two sureties in 201. each, for her good
behaviour for live years; and that the other defendants should se-
verally enter into their own recognizance' for 501. each, for the same
ten=

The prisoners were then removed from the floor of the Cant.
Matthews and Cunningham burst into tears and wept loudly. The
others seemed to be not so much distressed.

THE ZING V. J•NES HOPKINS AND OTHERS.
This was an indictment against the defendants; eight in number,
for assaulting a revenue officer in the discharge of his duty.
It atipuired from the notes of evidence on the trial of the defend-
ant Hopkins, that the excise officer went to seise some cider, which
the defendants were drinking at a wake, in Worcestershire. It was
late in the evening when the seizure was attempted, and the odder
was beaten by the convivial party, who did not choose to be inter-
rupted by his unwelcome intrusion. All the defendants but Hop-
kins had pleaded guilty.
Mr. TAUNTOK prayed the judgment of the Court.
Mr. Rcssla I addressed the Court in midget* of punishment
for two of the defendants, on whose behalf an davit from the
Archdeacon of Worcester, as to their character, was read.
Mr. CARRINGTON reered for the other dsfezl= and
t urged that the lateness the hour in some degree their
misconduct. They had been merrymaking, and perhaps even his
Learned Friend (Mr. Taunton) would not be disposid to suffer
very philosophically, an interruption of his enjoyments at ten o'clock
atnight, after the fatigue of a day on circuit. (A laugh.)
The Co t: aT sentenced the defendants to different terms of Im-
prisonment in consideration of the different features that Charm-
teiised their cues. Hopkins was ordered to be confined for three
months in the House of Correction at Worcester ; two others foe
two months each • and the rest for one month • and afterwards to
give security for their good behaviour in 401. each, and two Unties
in 301. each.
ORDER OF BUSINESS. .
The LORD Cuirr JUST icz stated, that during the sittings in
Banco after Term, in pursuance of the King's warrant, Tuesdays
and Fridays would be set apart for the spatialpaper, Wednesdays
fur the Crown paper, and the other three days for new trials.

lA)RD BYRON'S VISION OF JUDGMENT.
THZ ZINO v. #Ol.lll HUNT.
• mamma= took ber
place eseen Mr. Sc 1
AVialli
Anocratu n to fixing a day for liesalte judgmeit she
defendant. s,
It was finally agreed, with consent of the Court. diet
jedgmemmeheekl be rayed es Fridayi the Nth ieelene. • -0.‘,.
BARONY OF *AFFORD

TOE IMMO v. J•SIES SUTTON COOKE.
Mr. TarisTOW prayed the judgment of the Court on dal de-
fendant, who was convicted at the last Gloucester Assizes be riot-
ously assembling and proceeding to devastate the property of Sir
George Jemingfram.
The LOAD CIIIEF JUSTICE aakod, whether it would not oc-
cupy more time than the Court could spare that morning?
Mr. CAMPBELL, for the defendant, suggested that it would be
convenient to postpone judgment on this defendant until the other
defendant, 31r. Richard Stafford Cooke, who bad pleaded in abate.
merit that he was Baron Stafford, was tried. If a conviction was
obtained against him, one judgment only would be nectisary t but
he (31r. Campbell) had great hopes that ne conviction would be
obtained.

Mr. Taus Tow said that he was sure when the Report wasread,
the Court. would not make the postponement of judgment a matter
of compulsion or, the prosecutor, and he was himself of opinion,
that in justice to himself and the public, the prosecutor could
not consent to such an arrangement.
Judgment was for the present deferred.
At two o'clock the Cord Chief Justice withdrew.
No other business of importance was transacted.

The Vioe-Chaneellor's Court has been closed for some
days put, its consequence of his Honour's indisposition.
'l'he Lord Chancellor stated from the bench yesterday
morning, that •' he was sorry to say there were bad ac-
counts of the Vice-Chancellor last night" (Tuesday night).
—LeesinT Pap).
The important cue of tithes in London will he argued
in the Court of Exchequer at IVesuninster, on Saturday
morning next, at ten o clock. Mr. Martin and Mr. Spence
as counsel for Dr. Owen, of St Olave, Hart-street ; and
Mr. Denman, Mr. Abercromby, and Mr. hoe, for the de-
fendant.

Hazard and Co. have already sold three prises of
20.0011. in the present Lottery. TO.MOffeli two more 20,0001.
prises must be drawn, besides other capitals, as on that day the
Lottery finishes; the Drawing to begin at Ten o'Clock. Tickets
and Shares are selling by Huard and Co., RoyaLEsehange liars,
and 321, Orford-street, end of Regent-street, sad by
their agents in all the principal country towns.

Printed at THE BRITISH PRESS Office, by J. W. Cawrote
181, Strand, and Published by R. Cax ux, sante place.
