PARLI,

'ARY

INTELLIGRNCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, ilkrohao, Jul.o 4.
THE STAFFORD PEERAGE.
viaa=tose of Privileges toik this Peerage lint, and en
ted in the examination df Mummies respecting sibs
to ihe parish register, touching the marriage outlesupposed
metaof tbe elaimeant MacCarthy.
Rev. Mr. William Faulkener, Rector of Rt. Andrew's,
Wohister, produced his Register, bearing the data 1686. It sp.,
peered that Tte had formed, lent this Register to a gentleman,
who was making soma inquiries respecting the Peerage, in order 10
examine it.
The Loam CHANCELLOR said that it was very improper to
allow the Register out of his possession.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE—Did you know the gentleman
No ,I did not.
Was he recommended to you by any person 2—No. he was not.
And did you know his residence or his name ?--No, I did not ;
be was a strange? to me, and said that he lived at the inn.
The ArroiNZT-OENERAL=—It is a great wonder that
Red *ter ever earns back at all.
Their Lmo•dshira observed that it was very unsafe to allow the
Ail titer out of the custody of the Rector.
The Loa's Cstaoccti.o a said that the Register must remain
"lib the House till compared with the authenticated copy of the
Bishop.
There wan some air- -- -
register.
Another register was produced, which also exhibited strong
marks of postman manufacture, and—
The LORD CpIANCELLOR said, that it must be carefully yes.
served till some inquiry were made to trace out the particulars, and
the party concerned in the transaction, in order that tile Homo
might adopt some summary process to prevent the racureilliellet
such practices in future.
The will of the Earl of Stafford was read. After deviates
several things to the best of women, the following ire n excited a
laugh :—" To the worst of women **lt I give and devise 45 brass
*licence to buy her a pullet for supper," !lac.
The Loan Csaactatectit—l suppose he made that to her ee •
--011111.qf to the best of women. (Laughter.)
fter some other witnesses wereexamintil-
- • LORD CHANTZI4OII said. that there was • singular air.'
ceenected with the petition of Sir George Jerningham,
was presented under the supposition that the attainder was
OS to the title. His Maisel re erred the question of attainder
psdigrce to the House. Perhaps it as not known that the
attaindUllad been reversed. The pedigree was proved, and appli-
e.a:on made to him to kids a writ, and were It taufor the question
of attainder and pedigree ho would have issued the writ. It was
merely fr the eircums;ance of the crown refining the question
otattanVerom that Sir Geotge Jarningliam has amnia to that Honor
far the list two years.
The 'Earl of CtintrariDO, eulogised the great care which the
Lord Chancellor had alehts peld to questions affecting the dignity
of the peerage.
Witnesses' were also examined in furtherance of the inquiry rela-
tive to the Gardner Peerage.—Adjoumed to to-morrow.
The Peers met at five o'clock.
Mr. Tomlins, from the Tmmtry„ presented a copy of the
Treasury Misures fur the rrwry of the once of Clerk of the
Pelle.
STATE OF IRELAND.
The Earl o: HA RROW BY laid upon the table a copy of tie
•
of the Committee of Imuiry into the state of Ireland.
Rr
Earl of DARNLEY said, that the Report contained =my i
reef valuable sillmeations; but be could not, nevertheless, seek
Ifilabe laid upon the table without once more expressing his site*
.miseletion that the permanent tranquillity of Ireland would mom
he ustablhbed until :emboli, Emancipation were fully granted.'
Pis regretted that *ban this mot important question was ist.
costly debated, the tone of the Noble Earl at the head of his Ma.
jesty's Government was expressed in stronger terms than he bad
aver before heard from that Noble Earl. Although the ROMS
' motained no recommendation to Parliament on the question alas
: earth importance to the ossenvy„ he felt himself justified
is
Oa: the evidence taken before the Committee was most
irsous, and. eabidaetory. on the necessity of granting
• Eman • that removal of thou civil disabilities,
t which theimespt to tranquillise and improve Initial
Silt be always vain.
The End of LIVERPOOL said he was anxious not to Imelda
any d on dm emblem to which the Noble Earl (Darnley),
had SW be emeld s srety.observe, that if the Noble Ead
termed sit tie 1•116616* be (the Earl of Liverpool) had used me
former stir bas "hoe this great question was debated, he weal
tied that them eumissies wrens not expressed is smears language
than that be bed sole seoently made se of. TIM Noble Earl
(Parole!) had nab south Andes to :the etraernanuice of the
Report of the einielleklllll eleneelnlig ere easteellanamiktien to Pull.
amens on the West aftledeslie Easancipatiee ; sow he (the Earl
of Liverpool) esscolved that under no circumstances would the
Committee have lionejuadied 1e making any recommendation to
• • Parliament either MIS grand seestion or on that of the Elective
Franchise, nor hdititever bees meosesery so to do. The Com.
mime had, in blsephiss does all they hod to do, viz. to furnish
the House with Mehra ma of evidence that had 'ocen taken upon
the subject. Ile plat sedefection in saving that the Report,
as far suit wont, met *Mem general unisfiction.
The Earl t f DARNLEY -explained.
WESTERN SHIP CANAL.
The Marquis el LANSDOWN presented a petition from the di
Sealed proprietors and others of Axminster. in the county ofd
in tamer of the Western Ship Canal Bill ; and anothor
itillAnKfifierfraii the itirjeitirctuegisanasrirggrebtr respect y
signed, and thatdip=it the opposition to the Bill originated in
ohs town, she to the counter petition only amounted to
1111... Laid se ho table.
lIISTATFMENT IN A REPORT.
Earl ORC SVANOR observed, that he felt it necessary to notice
a miatatement which had appeared in some of the public papers
Mith respect so what be bed said on a former evening. Ile bad
been represented to have said that he saw no hope that slavery
=be put down ; now such hid never been his opinion, and of
such an opinion he hal never expressed. He had merely
.• Mid that the slave trade could not be put down until slavery was.
COMBINATION OF WORKMEN BILL.
Viscouut DUDLEY and WARD, in presenting three petitions
from as many trades in Birmingham, against the Combination of
Workmen Bill, said that as they had been put into his hands, and a
were respectfully worded, he had felt it his duty to present them ;
at the saute time, he felt it necessary to observe, that his own opi-
nion was opposed to that of the petitioners, and that he Mt strongly
the propriety of sonic such measure as the one before the House.—
Laid on the table.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN said, that as he had several
petitions to peseent upon the same subject, he would take the
opportunity of passing some remarks upon the Bill before the
k,L House. It appeared to him to be somewhat singular that their
. Lordships should be called upon to pros that Bill within two days
of the termination of the Session of Parliament, when that Bill
was of so much importance, and certainly worthy to occupy the
attention of the House fur a much longer time. He did not be-
lieve that even the documents containing the necessary Information
on the subject were yet upon their Lordships' table. Feeling how
important this measure was, he felt considenibtedilliculty in giving ,
his assent to it under existing circumstances, although lie was con.
vinced of the necessity of paving before the prorogation of
Parliament some such measure. This difficulty was heightened by
the fact, that one of the petitions he was about to present prayed
that the petitioner' might be head by Counsel at the Bar against
this Bill, and certainly when a Bill was iutruduced into the house
which affected a large portion of hi+ Majesty's subjects, it was
but just that such a prayer should be listened to. He was free to
admit, that although under other circumstances he would press
even to a division the question that those petitioners be so heard, as
he saw that such a motion would be destructive to the Bill, be
would at present decline proposing it.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL agreed with the Noble Marquis in
considering it somewhat inconvenient that the House should be
salted upon to decide this important question at so late in period of.
the Session; but in this particular case there was less ground for
blame than in many others that had occurred of a similar nature.
The main meson was one that, perhaps, he ought to be rather
ashamed to state to the House: the necessity for the present Bill '
arose in consequence of a Bill which had passed both Houses of
Parliament during the last Session ; of the existence of which Hill
he had been completely ignorant, and had never teen, nor heard of
• it, until it became a law. If he had heard of, or seen it, he should
b.ve found it impossible to give it his anent, and he thought
Le should have been able so to satisfy their Lordship, as to
have induced them to withhold the consent they had given.
The Committee with which that Bill originated, wished to do what
the present Bill did, namely, to repeal all the old statutes on the
subject of combinations ; and if they had confined themselves to
this object, it would have been highly adriaeable to have adopted
the measure, but thin went farther, and by one *weeping clause re•
pealed the whole of the common law on the subject of combinations
of workmen, and theist masters. The Bill having passed both
Houses of Pathan ent, hit attention was drawn to it by the crying
grievances which arose out of it in all parts of the country ; and
theretote a Commit m of the other Ilouse had been cppointed to re-
consider thesubj 'ct, and thus delay had been created. He contended
that the Bill was ne:esury to the quiet and tranquillity of the
country. If there were any defects in it, which however he did not
perceive, they might br posted out to Parliament during the next
year. Its object was not only to prevent combinations of the work.
men against the masters. bin also of the masters against the work-
men, and especially to p•evtir. one great evil—the combinations of
workmen against work nen ; fur combinations were not only In.
jurons to mastersuid tithe public. bat to the honest workman,
who became so terrified as to to unladen) make whot arrangements
he pleased with respect to hie wages. The Bill certainly repealed
the Bill of last Se.slll4l. bosh did what was done by that Bill, in
repealing all the old Stattbles of the law of England on this sub.
jut. It was iiitendul And provided by this Bill that workmen
should be entitled to hold any honest and bona fide meeting for the
purpose of making arrangements with reaper to wages ; and the
Piss also indurated and allowed an appeal against the decision of a
Al militate to the Quarter Sessions.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN stud that he did not wish to be
understood as opposing the Bill ; on the contrary, he looked upon
it as a nicerta. ry measure, and wished that this opinion might se
tort' to the world. He !deiced upon it as a Bill protecting the
workmen against themselves; for it followed, as a matter of course,
that if wotkinen were permit'. •d to impose arbitrary laws upon one
another, many of toem would be forced to leave this country for
some country where they might be permitted to make their own
bargains, and be protecsed by •he Government. An attempt on the
part at the Legislicar, to dictate to workmen what wages they

Theft v souse alteration OT intetlinestion observed on the

•.‘
I"
4•1
. •
•
T
• •

-~~
