—The motion, as mended, was then put—when
there nuprrrert—
f••r it .
Against it 33

Majority 2
When it was ced, that both the originsl
motions and the amendment were lost, and that the
Court had. in fact, defeated Mr. Wilkinson's daunt
to the sinstler as well as the larger sum
Mr. Ilvm protested against the proceedings, at
havlng 'allowed entirely in mistake. Ile declare.'
that he had misunderstood the way in which the
question was put.
Mr. Lowe DES, Mr. FORBES. and Sir C. COCKE-
stmt. expres.ed themselves to the same effect.
Mr. PATTISON. Mr. ELPHINSTONE, and Mr.
A. Roetstiox, declared that the two qtiestions
had been fairly put, and the Court had decided on
them. The Proprietors were pleased to negative
lan;s, and no further proceeding could now take
place.
Mr. Hunt again stated that he was deceived,
in consequence of the course that had been pur-
sued. Many Proprietors, he observed, had left
the Court, under the firm impression that one
of the two propositions woul.l have been agreed
to, and that the question would finally be resolved
by the ballot.
Mr. A. Hontesoe said, as a mistake opp9tred
to have occurred, it would be well if the Court
appealed to their Solicitor, to know whether any
means existed fur rectifying it, and putting the
question again.
The Solicitor said, as the minutes were entered
on their joerwals, there was only one of two courses
to pursue—either to move to have the entry ex-
'ranged. and then to put the question afresh, or to
begin the business, de motto, at a future Court.

Mr. FOBBEI then moved the adjournment of the
Court. which was seconded by Mr. HOWARTH,
and carried in the affirmative.

Adjourned at half past seven o'clock.
The question will be again brought forward by
Mr. Forbes.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Wito2l VsDAY, APRIL 21.

MILROURNE PORT ELECTION.

Mr. ROBINSON preseiaed the Report of the
51111►ourne Port Election Committee, which snort'
flint the Sittivg Member! had been duly elected,
hut that the Petitiosi sirs neither frivolous nor vela-
Mims.

I F.linhu►gh Water Works Bill was read a
tecosal tone.

ROMAN CATHOLICS.

Mr. FIENctl pttarititil a Petition from the
RI/1111111 Catholic* of the County of Rorkenisimon,
praying f r * ►rhral of the Pettit Code.—Ordered
to Ite on the table.

Sir JOHN ()Hwang prevented • Petition from
the Prutc•taut Inhabitants of the Borough of
Newry, in favour of the Roman Catholic
....Ordered ar lie on the futile.

Mr. GRATTAN presented a Petition from the
Inhobitaists of oile of the Parishes of Dublin.
irroyirg fur the repeal of the Penal Code.—Or•
de,ril to lie nn the tilble.

Mr. DowouswEi.t. presented I% Petition from
the of Ti...lssbory, prilying that no
in.ly hr msdr in the Penal Code, as it
Crow viffeets the Rimini' Catholich—Ordered to lie

Sir Ui BURGH presented a Petition from
Delltors' cootiaed iii the Gaol of Carlow, against
the r.pr,al of the Insolvent Debtors' Act.
tlr. CKIPPI presented a Petition from moult,
,gait, complaining of the election fur the
iirirvilsot Dunfermline and Inverkettliing.—Order.
CI 1 That the milli-a of the said Petition be taken
into COIIVi IP Ninon on Tuesday the 11th of M ty.
Mr. Alderman WooD gave notice that he would,
no Tuesday the 27thi of May, ni,tve fur leave to
bring in a Bill for regulating and encouraging the
Fishing Trade in Ireland, by pat tnerships, and other
_ _ _

---
In 1100111ef to a question from Lord Lowther,
Mr. Cuawaw said, be did not intend to ground
assay motion, or to bung forward any measure fr.
'Liston% the conduct of the Receiver-General of
C..rhsle : That when he had formerly mentioned
the ►ubject in the House, he did so from a setote
IT his duty as a Member of Parliameid: That lie
had 'raison ►tore that time to think he had laboured
wider a wrong impression. The Honourable
Member took occasion to say, that he never said soy
limo: in that House with the intention of wounding
the feelings o► 11j1.111ing the r•haraeter of any matt, ;411d
that if in this case the feelings of ass individual had
iteeti wounded, he was sorry for it..-he at•ted from
the dictates of his mind in the exercise of a -publn:
duty.
L-141 LOWTRER said, that stow as the idea of any
pin retlllog held btell 31010101 NA, 110 1101,111511011
whatever could rest on the conduct of this Officer.

IRISH GRAND WRY HILL.
(lentr•l NI AMON prewasted l'etilloes from the
Giand Jury of the County of Roscommon, against
the 'lrish and Jury Bill.
Oii the moliuu of Mr. BTN N ETT. the House re.
solved itself into a Commit,ee oat the Sweep Chim-
ties Hegulattott Bill.
SPEA a ER accordingly left the Chair.

The Report ordered to he brought up tomorrow.
On the mutt of Mr. DEN N LTT. leave of ab-
sence for our fortnight WWI ;41 Veil to Sir Francis
Burdett, he being at present labouring under severe
Mr. lifts a Err gave notice, that he wouki, on the
5,1 ul Niay, move for leave to bring iu a Hill for
the lieiter legislation of the Licensing System.

LON DON,
THURSDAY, Aram 22, 1819.

THE PRINCE REGENT.

We regret extremely to say that the PRINCH
REGENT is so much indisposed from the effects of
the gout, as to confine him to his bed. The fol-
lowing is a copy of the bulletin issued by Sir
MATTHEW TIEIINEY, on Tuesday, rispecting the
state of his Royal Highness, at the Pavilion,
Brighton :
" Brighton, April I.

" The Prince Regent time Ins pain in his left hand mid
wrist. The - ' stirred itself actively yesterday earring

however, they have failed in their attempts, for not-
willivianding the etbirts wade by the few remaiiiiii4
partisans of iittoter.to we tit 11114 COSI Of ry 10 'Jewe-
tt' itr the rliggreeeftsl flMittetinoto whick are still
Pitrered to pr. v4ll, we have mit heard of any public
exitt-Nsiou of hostility to the Roman Catholics, ex-
cept by else or 1.1.0 met, conwriord by *
elerp men cf the e.tAhh.hrd church, where they
stone were the speaker*. The oeuturnents ',resoled
by Fuel' tett.etutgo on this subject must therefore be
recetted with some allowance, particularly as those
alio gave then, utterance had not the advantage of
being upheld by any colv.iderahle body of the
To these meetings, however, we have now to add
(roe more obscure than ally of the former, although
it assumes the sounding title of the " Protestant
Union of Dissenters." Same few individuals
meet in private, and going through the form
of passing resolutions, give them to the world
under the Slthelloll of the respectable name of the
Dissenters. This is little less than a fraud upon
the public, but it may be suffered to pass without
further notice, for the iesolutions to which this pre-
tended " Clam." gives utterance, are so untenable
in their nature, coition, such absurd and unfound-
ed 01 • C, and are so unruly inconsistent with
correctness of statement mud sounillievs of reason,
that they can exercise no possible influence on the
discisvpion of this que,tion.
We are toll by %he Courier, that " last Sunday
in mail of the churches and chapels admirable
sermons were preached against Popery, as pregnant
with slavery, immorality, misery, and revolution."
We lament, for the character of our church, that
clergymen could have been found to prostitute the
sanctity of their pulpits to purposes so vile as those
of inflaming the basest passim,s of their auditory for
the maintenalice of political monopoly, and of
insulting, so large a portion 44 their countrymen.
by hurling imputations against them, which, in
their heart*, they must have known were not found-
ed in truth. It does not become clergymen to
mix up politics with the fulfilment of their
sacred duties, or to p t the ministry of the
Gospel, which preaches " pence and good will
toward. man," foto a means for exciting discord
among the people. If they think to inflame the
multitude into an attitude of defiance, insulting to
the Legislature, and injurious to the State, they
prove themselves to be at once bad clergymen and
bad subjects.
It is extraordinary how ally man can deceive him-
self so gro.sly, or count so confidently on the cre.
dulity of others, as to assert, that the principles of
the Roman Catholic religion are " pregnant with
slavery, immoislity, misery, and revolution." We
are not sufficiently versed in polemic divinity
to enter into a discussion on points of doctrine,
but when we see Roman Catholics panting for
the enjoyment of political and civil rights, when
we know that by Roman Catholics the political
and civil liberty of this country had been originally
established, we must spurn at the idea that their
religious opinions are " pregnant with slavery."—
But if this allegation he true, how can the same
principles which inculcate slavery be also " preg-
nant with revolution ?" Falsehood is always in-
consistent, for in a similar manner we find it asserted
that the principles of the Roman Catholic religion
are " pregnant with misery," at the very moment
that the fears of the Protestants for their political
nionopuly are sought to be excited by accounts
of the numbers and wealth of these formidable
Catholics.

It is to be lamented, that, in a question of such
importance to the State, those who affect to wish well
to their country should strive to interrupt a fair and
candid discus.ion of the subject. Passion is a bad
reasoner, and will be sure to interrupt a judicious
exercise of the understanding. There are some
who conscientiously oppose the claims of the Ca.

tholics, who, we are confident, would withdraw their
opposition if they thought it could be done with
safety to the State. Such persons will readily ad.
mit the advantage of a fair investigation of the sub-
ject, because with them truth is the object of
their inquiry. We now only desire that a similar
feeling on this point may be entertained by all
others who are advocates of exclusion ; fur if the
subject be honestly discussed, we may rely on it
that the result, whatever it may be, will be of gene.
ral service to the community.

The Anti-Catliolic Members of tile Corporation
of Dublin having "fleeted the Duke of Wag.
LINGTON as the most proper Member in the House
of Lords to preseut their Petition against the
Catholic Cilium, it is thence presumed that his
Grace is something more than a Juke-warm friend
of intolerant principles; that he is, in fact, a
zealous and sanguine supporter of the opposition—

connected with Lis Grace's family awl fortune wliicli
greatly minters the regret we f.rl at the part
whirl' 110111 e. Wll.l CAI! iliens.,l..e li. r newts, wotel•I
commeliel to him. Thee Marquis Wt 1.1.1%1.1r.
the elder brother of his (Icier., and f der of
his fame, is the liheral friend of the C.rtheel.c
Coors ; Nlr. ‘Vst.t.csi.Ev ttotolier loollt••••
and Alm a member of the Cabinet, is the
file-fed of the Catholic Crow. %Vete these two
brothers to go lilt° the Re-Id, would they dispute
the jtidgmect of the De lie i f ‘l.l rLitidlo ?
and wino he caul-s tiito the Senate-, sorght it nig Ito
expecte-el that th. te lie woul.l f tel., the
Iselin to them ? The conteort , hoarver, so the fact.
Sur strong are the causes and iti.etivrs or !fix opp.,si-
toms, all deference and respect to the judgment of
brothers Nod blends hove no influence. Hut there
is another objection, which comes more home to the
'maniers and bosom of his Grace. We do not de-
preciate his merits when we say they are purely
military. His Grace is covered with military
rewards, but can they convey perfect content to
Ins heart ? and reflecting upon the melons that
have roired him to his present elevation, must
he wet feel himself lowered in leis own reitiena-
lion when lie reads those words of Ina companion in
arms, Sir JOHN DoYEE, delivered at the Meeting,
reported in our Paper of Tuesday last :—" Some
allusion," said the gallant Getter lino been
made by the illustrious Chairman to what my
feelings acid practice had herrn in my military
capacity. I chore not 'twit myself to descant
upon that topic. I will, thereforrl•con•ent my-
self with saying, that when I was called opens
to lead my soldiers into the field of battle, I
found them ready and sager to obey the call.
It was tint happily requirtd of me to exclude
the Catholic soldier front the fight, or to ask
hum, when he was about to march to death, whin
road to heaven lie meant afterwards to follow. It
was not happily necessary, in those trying and cri-
tical moments, to catechise the Catholic soldier
before lie was permitted to spill his blood in the
service of his country. The soldier fought alien he
was called on to fight ; lie sealed the test of his
loyalty iii the field, and by his self-devotion re-
coeded a proof of his attachment to discipline and
his country, which no anathema of a speculative
bigot could shake, or cause a liberal man to under-
value."

Homburg!) Papers have arrived. The measure
of emancipating the serfs within the dominions
subject to the Crown of Itussie, continues to
advance under the auspices of the pre►ent Em-
peror. The Nubility of the Government of the
Duna have recently adopted this policy. The per-
sonal freedom of the peasants will, ware than any
other event iii the history of the present Emperor.*
reign, contribute to elevate his character, as it will
tend most to advance the civilization, sod promote
the prosperity of his empire.
The King of Pausst a, in consequence of the
regulations recently made by ►he Grand Duke of
WEIMAR, respecting foreigners studying in the
University of Jena, has commanded all the Prus-
sian students residing there to return immediately
and pursue their studies in a Prussian University.
A subscription has been set on foot in Hanover
among the Officers of the German Legion receiv-
ing half-pay from England, to relieve the necessi-
ties of the private* and their families of that
distinguished body of men.

We have received Charleston Papers to the 7th
last. The following is all extract from a Paper of
the 6th :
INTERESTING FROM WASHINGTON.—We are
indebted to our friends at Washington for the fol-
lowing political news. The views which they fur-
nish of the late Treaty with Spain are interesting to
all cl f readers. We rejoice at the cession of
the Floridas. The advantages are great and in-
teresting. The influence and command which it
gives to sis over the Indians; the occupation of
such a long line of coast, and the ports which it
ernhosoms; the entire command of all the rivers
which flow from oar own territory into the Gulf
through all their extent; the stop which we put to
smuggling. to the Slave Trade, to foreign emissaries ;
the land which it secures, with the valuable oak it
produces, these advantages are almost incalculable.
From the St. Lawrence to the Gulf of Mexico is
ours! Besides the esobarrassatents from which it
relieves us in our relations with Spain, on account
of the unauthorised acts of General JtlekSoll, the,
heart.burnings which it heals even with that Poser,
and the firmer fonodations on which our peace re.
poses. Bat as it settles the fireeign question which
arises frau General Jacksott's proceedings—as it
removes the embarrassments which were urged with
so much effect to SIM st an inquiry into Gr.tieral
