Doke of Bruamekk, ate. wets consulting open 'the
measures that should be taken, without being able
to agree.
But while they are deliberating, the French army
continues its march. To this spirit of effervescent
' andexcessive boasting, critical observations begin to
succeed upon the inutility of the war ; the injustice
of breaking with France ' • the impossibility of being
assisted; the disaffefliunof the, solJiery, upon what
they have not done ; together with a thousand other
obseriations which are always in the mouths of the
• multitude, when Princes are weak enough to consult
them upon nutters of great political interest, which
are shove their reach.
'However, on the evening of the 12th, the scouts
of the French 'army were at Leipsie ; the head-
quarters of the Grand Duke of Berg are between
Zeist and Leipsic ; these of the Prince of Foote
Coven at Zeist; the Imperial head-quarters,
with the Imperial guards and the corps of the
army under Marshal Soule, are at Gerau ; Marshal
Ney's corps is at Neustadt. In the first line is the
corps of the army under Marshal Davoust at
Naumburg ; that of Marshal Lannes is at Jena.—
Marshal Augereau at Kale. Prince Jerome, to
whom the Emperor had confided the command of
' the Allies, and of a corps of Bavarians, has arrived
at Schleitz, after having blockaded the fort of
Culenbach with one of his regiments.
The enemy. cut off from Dresden, was still at,
Erfurt on the 11th, and endeavouring to coiled his
columns that he had sent towards Cassel end Wines-
burg, to aft upon the offensive, wishing to open the
campaign by an invasion of Germany. The %Venn,
upon which the enemy had raised balieries, the Seal,
which he also made a shew of der .ding, and the
other rivers, are all turned much in the same man-
ner as was praflised upon the Idler last year ; so
that the French army line the Banks of the Saul, with
their rear towards the Elbe, at the same time they
are marching against the Prussian army. which has
1 its rear towards the Rhine; a position so whimsical,
cannot fail in producing events of great import-
ance.
The weather, Since we comm•m:?d the preseni
campaign, has been excellent, the cannery plentiful,
mid the soldiers full of vigour and health. We
make marches of ten leagues without having a sin.
gle straggler ; and never was the army in a finer
condition. However, the King of Prussia's inten-
tions have been carried into Jed : he wished that
the French army should evacuate' the territory of
the Confederation on the eth of October, and they
have evacuated it, but instead of repassing the
Rhine, they have passed the Said.
.---www—
FOURTH EULLF.TIN.
Gerau, Oct. 13, Ten in the Morning.
' Events suleeed each other with rapidity. The
:Prussian army is taken by surprise, its magazines
ferried off, sad it is turned. Marshal Davoust ar-
!lived at Naumburg on the 123 h, at nine in the coca-
/leg, where he seized' the magazines of the enemy,
toads same prisoners, and got possession ef a superb
;train df 18 copper pontoons with their appendages.
It appears that the Prussian army is marching to
gaits Magdebourrt , but the Ficuth elm, has gained
'dime marches upon them. The anniversary of the
/affair at Utter, will be celebrated in the history of
!Trance. . i
The letter annexed, which bas been intercepted, '
`will inform you of the real state of the public mind :
but the battle of which the Prussian officer sp..aks,
' will take place in the course of a few days, and the
result of it will determine the fate of the war. The
French should have no uneasiness respelling the
result.
—.......—. •
PROCLAMATION pFTIIE EMPEROR NAPO-
. LEO.V Mlll3 .4101 T
" So:Antis,
•• The arrangements for your return to Fran.ce were
made ; already were you drawn nearer -to your frontiers;
triumphal festivals awaited you, and every preparation WC.
made in the capital for your reception ; hut while you
were retiring with so much confidence, um plots were in
contrivance under the mask of niandship and union. The
cry of war was resounded in Bolin ;• for two mouths lure
we every day received mote provocation. The saute fac-
tion, the saint spirit of destruction, which fourteen years
ago brought the 141.0,1411$ into the Plains of ChamiLign.
in the opportunity afforded by our dWisions, animates and
guides their Councils. If it be no longer Paris that they
want to horn and destroy from roof to foundation, it is die
eaeitals of our Allies in the midst of which they inlets.! to
plant their standards; it is Saxony, whom they have
forced, by a disgraceful Treaty to renounce her indepen-
Idence, and of winch they purpose to make one of their
provinces; it is in short your laurels that they wish to
sear away from your brows. Shall we draw SM.l‘ our
troops from Germany I—the senseless beings?—Lei them
know, that ii is easier to ravap the Capital died to tarnish 1
the honour of the Children of the Great Nation and of her
Allies. Their plans were then circumvented : they found
iii the plains of Champaign their detest, death nod :home;
but the lesson of experience is usriesi. and them are Well tit
whom the sense of hatred and envy never is estioguithed.
!" &edicts ! There-Isnut one of You that would return
into France In any other mad but die toad of-Mona! ;
it is ouly under 1111 arch of triumph that you should re-
turn. What ! have we brave 4 the seamns, the was, and
the deseris ; have we triumphed over Europe leagued
apinst us ; have we borne our glory, from Orient to the
Setting Son, only to abandon our rallies, to return to
France like runaways, ar.d to hear it said that the Eagk
of France was sewed with dread at the sight of the Eagle
of Prussia I—But they are already in preset.ce of our ad-
vanced gaud,. We will march. bec.tiise inotteratioti
cannot calm such InCollCtiVAlte prole. Let the Pi ussiati
Army have again the fate it suet with fourteen years back.
Let it know, that it is easy to increase tenacity and
power by the friendship of the Great Nation ; but that
tier enmity, which, without renutiricing every degree of
wisdom and reason, cannot be provoked, is more terrible
than the tempests of the ocean.
•• List at liar Awl yowler', ia Baredrerf .64 On. 10'6.
• (Signed) , • NntOLLON."
( Botpe.fitioN Coy.)
" The Harr Genenil PRINCE of NEUFCHATEL
and Vakl.tit4GiN.
• . (signed) •• Martha ist RTIIIER."
—.-.,...—_
' THE EMPEROR NAPOLONS !arum TO THE
SAXONS
" Saxonsl The Prulisians have overran your ter-
ritory. I enter it as your deliverer. They have
forcibly broken the connedions which united your
troops, arid have. 'rifled them to their own army.
You arc called upon to shed your blood for ain-
terest to which you are not only strangers, but
which is even in opposition to your interests.
•• My army was u,n‘n the point of evacuating
Germany, -when your -territarri was viulated : it

shall retorts to Preece -es- soon as Prinslf has ac-
knowledged your independence, and recicunced
the execution of the plan which she had formed
Against ttou. •
" Saretis, your:Prince had. till that moment, re-
fused to enter mto an alliance so opposite to flis du-
ties ; if he has since consented to the conditions
imposed upon him, it has only been in consequence
of being compelled to it by the irruption of the
Prussians.
" I was deaf to the idle provocation which the
Prussians offered against my people. I was deaf
1 to them so long as their armaments were corifioesi
to the Prussian States, and my Minister did not
quit Berlin till your territory had been violated.
" Saxons, your destiny is in your own hands!
11
Will you remain undetermined between those who
would bring you ender the yoke, and those who
would defend you ? My vittories shall secure the
existence and the independence of your Prince, and
your nation.. The conquests of the Prussians will
only rivet your chains. But what do I say ? Have
they not already tried every experiment ? Have
they not, for a long time past, used every effort to .
compel your Prince to acknowledp a sovereignty,
which, once directly imposed upon you, would
erase you from the list of nations ?
" Your independence, your constitution, your
liberty, would then only exist in the pages of me-
mory; and the shades of your forefathers, those
valiant Saxons, would disdain you for suffering
you're /en to he reduced to slavery without resist-
ance—a slavery prepared f a you so long before-
hand—and thus becoming witnesses of the degra-
dation of your country into a Prussian protin:e.
Given at our Headquarters at Ebersdorf,
Oct. 11, 18CG. " N AAAAA ON,"

FROM THE HAMBUOCRCH COR2t RESPONDI:NTEN OF
C
lORER.
STALIN, OCT. 19.
According to some preliminar; information, the
army of his Majesty the King lost a battle on
the 14:h, near Auerstadt. The particular details-are
not yet known, but we ate assured that his Majesty
and his Brother are alive and unhurt.
Asetker Idler. some date.)
Yesterday a timber of the following Bulk:ins
were circulated :
" The King has lost a battle. The first duty of
a Citizen is to be tranquil ; this is what the
Governor, deirsand of all the inhabitants of Berlin,
Ton KING AND MIS SIJIHEL •1111 Lt VIKO:
SAXOPT, OCT. 16.
The day before yesterday a very bloody battle
was fought on the high road between Nabenburg
and Erfurt, by the French and Prussian armies, in
which the fortune of war was on the side of. the
French. The march of the French troops along
thellaal towards Weissensels and Nauenbneg had
induced His Majesty to alter the position of his
army. in order to prevent the enemy from advanc-
ing upon his rear. The headquarters afire rethepri
ed from Blackenburg, through Weimar, to Aner.l
ouch, while General Ruchel advanced to occupy
the position of Weimar. The attack was made tit
three in the morning, of the 14th, when a dread-
ful cannonade was heard at Leipzic, and that neigh-
bourhood, from Anerstadt. The attack was made
by the French, and the advance• of the Prussian
troops was prevented by some defiles which were in
possession of the enemy.
Both sides fought with the greatest courage and
animosity. The Duke of Brunswick had the
misfortune to be wounded in the face by a grape
shot, in the beginning of the action, while he was
reconnoitring the enemy with a telescope; and it
was found necessary to remove his Highness from
the field. The battle, however, was carried on
with the greatest spirit. His Prussian Majesty led
the troops in person, and hpd two horses shot under
him
Every Prussian General exposed himself to the
greatest dangers, and the Prince of Orange Fulda
distinguished himself in a most remarkable manner.
The murderous fire of musketry and grape shot
swept away whole ranks of warriors. The conflidt
lasted till five in the afternoon ; and, according to
the information received. Marshal Ney'edivision of
10,000 men, coming up freab, gave a decisive turn
'to the affair.
It was the cenere of bath armies which were par-
ticularly engaged. The Emperor Napoleon dire Red
the whole of the French operations.
The loss oar_ Seth sides cannot as yet be exadly
ascertained. The killed and wounded are generally
estimated at 40,0011me0.
Both armies have a number of Generals killed
and wounded; among the Prussians, Generals Mul-
lendore, Kalkretth, Ruche!, Blucher. and Pauen-
rein ; and on the French side, Prince Murat. Marshal
Bernadotte, &c. itepprts are very uncertain on this
head ; however it h well known that Marshal Mol-
kndorf and General Kalkreuth are no. killed.
The strength of the combined armies united is
computed at 200,000 men.
A part of the Prussian troops are retreating by
Langensaale. towards Magdeburg.
Ot Prince llohenlohe's corn' we have no positive
information. A part of the reserve, under the Duke
of Wirternhurg. passed through Leipsic on the 15th.
A number of wounded French have been brought
into Nauentrurg and its environs. Marshal Davoust;
according t 4 some accounts, is upon the march to
Dessau.
At.OTIIIIII I !Tilt /ROM SAXONT, OCT. 16.
Count Haugwitz, and the Marquis De Lucche.
sini, left Weimar on the morning of the 14th, for
Frankenhausen. The Magazine and the Go% ern-
ment-house, at Koningstein, have been accidentally
burnt.

-- -
People are removing their effe3s from Diesden
to Breslau.

The only Capital Prize in trie present Lottery.
yet divided into Shares, is No. 7157, a Prize of
10.0001. which was lull in One Quarter, Two
Eighths, and Eight Sixteenths, by Swill' and Ca.
No. 11, Poultry, and No. 12, Charing-emus by
whom also iminy of the h.,11 est Pr;zes in the last
and late Loueries, were shoed and sold There are
now Nineteen Capital Pr:zcs in the Wheel, and
'l'ickets and Shates no higher in price than before
the drawing began. The nut day a Drawing is
l'isesday the 4411 of loinsunlicr.
