TITI E

We have reswived Paris Papers of Wednesday
and Thursday lost. The opinions of public men,
sod the proceedings of the Legislature since the
passing of ibe 'sew laws we the liberty of the per..,
begin to be can din the Paris Joentils with as
much freedom of expression es is generally used
in the newspapers of this country. The press
in
France is in many respects moth more favoured by
the laws than it is in Eogland, and in nothing '
is the difference snore retnantable, or we may
add more important, then in the right of pub.
lisinog to the notion the proceedings which may
take place in the Assembly of its Reveller).
tativer. In France, the advantages of commu-
nicating to the people the deletes in the
lative Chum ben, eat ect isosstedged.;•aed, sae at.
4essrry consequence, the lair recognises the power
fief the Journals to give them publicity. The
'Members of the French Legislature conceived it
wont(' be a gross anti &Ail absurdity to prohibit,
by solemn reoolution, the publication of their
discussions, and yet wit*" the daily breaches .of
their' boasted privilege eriprerwrying secrecy; oar
would • they act the unessereei part of court.
Mg. by long aufferance4•ther pehlesetime of their
speeches, cud then suddenly puii h, ih an oP•
*resolve and degrading anaesser, theloundikre who
would venture, on the faith otestablioted usage,
to give a done fide allstrect of their episodes& la
the French CArgulicei of Deputies. qdwetsieut
pieties, clove to the rAtimit Irma whieht‘e Mem.
ben must address the Aneesidy, are assigned for
the use of those who vs intimated with the delicite
and difficult task of reporting the/proceedings. The
consequence of this is. that the reports in the Paris
Papers are in general very correct abstracts of the
Members' speeches. The public are, of coarse.
aware that in this country, which, boasts the free-
dom of the prep, the liberty of speech, the power
of canvassing the actions sod sentiments of public
'characters, where every day some circumstance
arises to prove that these are no vain at idle
boasts, and that nothing has contributed' Mere
essentially to the ',tinily of property, the good
order of society, the diffusion of knowledge, and the
consequent stability of our existing institutions,
than the publicity of the proceedings is Perlis•
meat—)et the public must be aware that ell there
mighty advantages are purchased for the people of
Great Britain by the immense labour of tinware.
lively a few Gentlemen, under circumstances of
extreme difficulty and inconvenience. They are
pincer' in the very back seat of • crowded
gallery, as distant as the size of the house will
allow them to be from the Members, the noise
in the gallery and in the House frequently
rendering the voice of the speaker indistinct,
and the passing and repenting of persons along
their seat constantly interrupting the perfeemence of
It their arduous labour. Besides this, they are exposed
to the mercy or every Member in the HOW, who is
entitled, by the standing orders, to complain of
any report, no nutter how correct, es a. breach of
~,,prigilege; and they thaw iraror the initnineet risk of
_being dragged like csidllivab to the bar. and of
being there compelled to endure the ungenerous
insults sad taunts of may heti. Mind Net might
delight in so happy so opportunity of displaying its
momentary and local superiority. Such is the state
of the press of England in this important pinion
compared with that of France.
The French S per Cents. are 6s f. 20 c. ; Bank
Stook, 41112 f. 60 c.

Menders and Ususbergli Made arrived loot night
with rapers of n recent date, from which we have
wade eat 'act*.

It is difficult to add guy 044 new to the argu..
meuts already au powerfelly urged ape* the Fo-
reign Enlistment Bill: those artwonents hale
made a deep irdpressioa on the public mind. To
use the words of Mr. MACDONALD, " the nation
revolts at the measure ;" and 'literer may be its
fate, it never will receive (whet alone can give ef-
ficacy to law) the approbation'or the peolik:• In
whatever point we view it. it immure equally oh.
noxious, whether we appeal to the. prettiest.. Or to
the patriotism of the natioo—to its more exalted reel-
gs—tu its high estinestion of liberty—to its sym-
'why in the caused' thois'o?o Woggle egoism' op-

M

presSinn; or whether we look 'to pereoft4' iiileretts
—to the extension of votnnferce-4o the ?spiky of
checkinicsis far as o e can. oith halloo 111V1 with safe-
ty. the Oar iii iii g power of North Aitteiricit—svery
Caosideratson of polity, and eve.), impulie of virtue,
urge us to oppose a measure. a+ nowise in its prin-
ciple as we fear it arat he unhartiamite in its ressilts.
Notwithstanding all that leis been Paid its fat ,inr
of the Bill. we cometsd-thet it it st- ptailia violation
of ;while faith, Iseesuitrt .we n. *e hound (if the
prochinildidtts of itt actinsofeal ,i4lseivailts fir 4.:air
..tioveratipeut bimetal meaninglin bilproi t the .-4,,,,e
of the Patriot+ lung 'hi-fore OW Treaty of IP 14.
But it is not the force or 111(60 etitigeinents alio*
that affect the character of It glisisa. If no loath
engagements 'aiad hero eiret shade,- We *Vidal stilt
. conteud that nothing sliould induce our 6,4sern-
men( to league with such r King 14/ Frentwann
against men engaged its a Onion. struggle' fur tliear
delivenince. Surely if so &quiver:it, and let us
add so unnalstial an alliance take Plice, this cons,.
try cannot errant the oiliiiin'that is now attached to
the Government of Spain ; instead of Wang the sr-
blues+ of nations, she will become the wretched
ally of a Prince now happily. unable to oppress a
country which hat groaned fur ages of slavery and
misfortune muter the yoke of Spain.

But it is gravel• contended, that the Rill seeks
to establish • ►ystem of neutrality. and nothing
more ; and how is this position attempted to be
made out ? Our laws (say the advocates of the Mei.
sure) at present rerfraits she people of these coun-
tries from engaging in the service of Spain against
she Colonies, therefore it is hut fair tho the law
should restrain them from entering into the service
of the Colonies against grain. Now this arpears
tlieey plausible at the flit view—but when we begin
to elirMitie ►he thing. the force of the argument
disappears. The argument amines *6l is false—
it assumes this, that the people of these countries,
ee sane fair portion of them, would. if not restrain-
ed by the law, enter the service of Spain. Nothing
can be naoilvi remote from the truth than this, nor
do we think a grosser libel could be uttered against•
the character of our people. Thank God enough
of virtue remains in the hearts of that people to
make them abhor oppression and injustice !

There is rot, we verily believe, a single man in
England, ia Ireland, or Scotland, who wauld vo-
luntarily enter the service of Spain—whilst, on the
other head, thorisands' are anxious to enter the ser-
vice of the P»triotti, Thus we call our law impar-
tial which affects to restrain men from the lEOlOlllllh
sion of an act they never contemplated—
whilst we stall, restrain them from doing wind their
feelings urge, and their- honour, their conscience,
and their 'country approie.

We are not friendly ta those restraining powers,
they accord not with the feelings of our country,

nor the maxims of our constitution. Let the peo-
ple have the "fi*e exercise of their free will—let
the heroes who have Contain every quarter of the
globe, many of whom are aow striving to live on a
scanty allowance, and many of whom have no al-
lowance at• all—ltt them not be prevented from
acting in a field of enterprise and of glory,
I where their services may be appreciated, and their
mints rewarded. 3i a cruel and unjust to deny
those men the edvantitTree of their profession ; it is
subjecting to hardship and injustice those who have
the highest• claims on the favour, encouragement,
and protection of the State. If there be laws
restraining our people from entering into the ser-
vice of Ftstottismo„ those laws are either unjust
or uonecomary, mid ought to be repealed: hut to
►eatrsiu our people from joining the Independents,
iv a measure not to be defended—it is giving to
Fitortinano the benefit of his own-wrong. The
restraint is unjust and partial, because it injures
one power, where it cannot by poasibilityinjure

another—es well might we talk of impartiality,
if we restrained the inhabitants of Peru from seek-
ing fOr gold where it is to be found. and to restrain
the people of Spain from seeking fur gold where it
is not to be found. Mien we say, give the respec.

live parties the full benefit of their character and
their cause, and you will act on a fair principle of
neutrality. If the standard of FISRDINAND should
in that ease be deserted, it is because his govern.
meet is abhorred—in that event lie cannot blame
the equity of our law, but lie must submit to the
moral effects of his own conduct.
It is worthy of observation, that the Treaty so
much relied on is altogether silent as to any re-
straint on the people of these countries from em.
barking- for South America ; it engages. indeed,
that our Government would use ull the means iii
their power to prevent the exportation of arms and
ammunition from this country lb the Colonieo.
But, say the sdrucates of the Dili. having men.
tioned arms and ammunition, men must he under.
stood. This is a Spanish reading of the Treaty.—
By what logic can it be proved, that where gun,
and gunpowder are mentioned, ,sets must be in-
ferred ? By the logic of modern times—by the
logic of had Ministers—by the logic of thole who
hold the feelings and the rights of men es utterly
vehicles, and unimportant, to be disposed of in
gross or by implication, without delay end without
respect. It is, we submit, more consistent with
constitutional principles, as it is with the plain
dictates of common sense, to conclude that men
were not on article stip for by this Treaty;
iit is more just to Papp - t „even then Ministers
had not the wavily to 'tilt rights of Bri.
wt
. • . .

.
...

ion., and taklnjore the\ir prospects sif the helot
whew recent glories had achieved the wart:ism,
their cieueetty, than to assume that they !tad, ht
words arms and ammunition," inseitited tee vi
promise the interests and the reefing, n,..
~shb.itchi. II the Treaty ?rally_ meant to req,
the peuide of this county; inilurking .1„
S-•otii A nteriesu *ley dirt it nut •t ,r,
tact ? How can the remission of an mate.; '
be accounted for ? Could oversight, tot.i.l
Piefity itself make anch a littundve hoer tow
to this conclusion, that if arms ;tied nmak:s..“
! men, the me IS put upon this e.
bat if tin it be -nor mina and Len
No Well from the nature of the thing 'ee.
words of the Treaty. that cortthite4 is nue.t
and ridiculous. Thus, then, to support
seeable measure, its olvocarea are obligee! ie. el
the force of one Treaty, and to niisrepre..ii:
tiorstsing or atiotfier; and to deny the
mind govern all trealtes, restintfy, the 4 'einem,
'MA the collusion will. That tins meesiire. ter
'lel to the feelings of the people, es (hived,' niq
to their interests. is • fact so reit, plain as he
quire Jaye obeervation ; indeed the Lei
mined the other ititt,rbt by Air. Itoito,apsv 'us
House of Cur-unions—a gentleman, whose Daunt.
cannot rr.etelion without respect, for she ',le
gentrosily of his heart—and without tenter. that
is not in a situation the molt likely to eve
genelosity its full play.
We puss over the sceers that leave licet. rev. I!
the merchants of this country—they are now,
of notice. High in the cootideoce of ih.,r e.
try—high in the admiration of ti.e world —twit;
for their prosperity to the honourable exertions
tnide....tleut much calumniated body will be
spected and admired, when those uleo owe
temporary elevation to the accidents
shall find their level, and be heard of no taw,
Sorry are we to say that that valuable. 'Jody ap
this 'moment greitly depressed—L'sorty see we to
that • total stagoatiou of cuemtuerce pretuils,
thousand', upon ihoilsandipf our industrious et
trymen are starving for want of employment;
yet at this mcment of deprsssure and dismay,
the trade of South America opens to cur view,
holds out to our merchant, a wide and etch tie)

commerce. this light of hope is to be exriogo,
this great source of wealth is to be cot till, end
people are to be left to the desperation of 10,
and deepair—and for whom? fur Bloom ow,
(islet and implacable foe—ifor Spain, whose si,
threutened our ancestors with destoctiOn—for Spoil
Who fought rgainst us with Miseries-10w
'against u.. with France—and ksinnifos, «..ukftght
against us with the Turks—fur Spain. who repasti
all our efforts in her service with the basest ingi,
tituile. nod the most iderent Sp•iirt,
since 1739, prohibited this country front any •
with her Colonies, who has recently ant in► porn
against us—whose policy, whose urrindices, tmti
whnce feelings have ever been opposed to the trade
and liberties of our country. Whilst a hope re-
mains of defeating this unhappy measure, we well
not despair—we will trust to the guardian vim. of
Britain to save as from the shame. the chine, and
the misfortunes which such a law must bring down
upon the British empire.

The LORD CDANrEI.I.OI, the VICE-CHARCII.•
LOR, and Mr. Justice Bum, had andiectert of i.e,
PRINCE REGENT yesterday.
Saturday night ;Mr. PARSONS. the Mee-
ttenger, left town with dispatches for Naples.
The Stock Exchange, during the whole of t]ie
last week, has been alternately under the inflames
or two contentlii:g parties, one seeking to depre.-,
the other to raise ihe price of the F It. Neithor
party, strictly speaking, can be said to have her,
successful in its object, the price of °militant not
having been lower than I discount, or higher
premium. Consols fur the opening closed 01
Saturday at 69, and Omnium at 3 discount. Lilt
or no fluctuation took place, suit the business trace.
acted was to a very trifling extent.
The receipts foe the Orninum will be delivered,
we understand, to-morrow, and the settlement of
the differences arising tint of the speculations Oil
on the three following days.
It is now quite certain that the Smut-lilt retied
two, which Imo been far so many months owlet nit:
partition at Coda, will not et any rate sail uutit 1;.
beginning of September. The Comintesio.:er- •
pointed by FERDINAND VII. to tioderiake c,i•
management of it, have given iii%truction. to t 1 .r
agents in London, to cootraet for 5,000 radon"-,
which are intended for the use of the cavalry to no
shipped on board the armament ; and it i.sopp,:‘,l
that the Government at Madrid have deterinine:l
to increase the number at horse regiinetit.,
have, in consequence, ordered this tidtlitioi:al gun,-
tity of arms, which ore to be of the very beA
cription.
Letters from Vera Crux. doted Stst Prtirchi
mention, that Mr. Palle, the British Conti"-
*loner, had purchased specie to the amount (4.
1,500.000 dollars., which was to he shipped 1:1 die
Sybille, Captain W. Poem/tat. The Spartan nt..l
L.fffey frigates, it is undeivicod, will Molt
with a coultderable amount of other specie, Es;;•
land:
The Goliath, 84, and Success, 28, are ordered to
be built at Pembroke Yard.
Ships at Spithesd-i-tererehepper. In the liar-
hour --green Chasloffe. fermate& anti
,enrs
guard-ships; Lorne, firrin4 for the Me,fityshigso;
Iliad, for Channel service ; Suapper auat:Tkatilt
for the Coast of Africa.
The Stesenoe, of Starcreita, Copt. Pi
rived at Elteter nn Sunday la-t, bons St.
in America, with a Carge of timber, alts
of twenty-two der; she completed the
and uume in the Mort spare of twelve

,(1

•

.4•;

...

• - . .
. We t
fit. b •
• S.--.." , ~,t4.4' A .
.4...
•
a: .....1.14,... .
w, • ..:......
'.4 e..4A If4:7;'. • - Its;11;;E
• at+ ......? e"....., •. • .
ORIO4IIII POETRt.
....—....-
1.1NF24
or 11,11 Nothir Or ii crLFORAIID firOOTIN• COLONtr.
arras (I by VFATBD /ITO k CLUB WWII U INN
tAirrlllup. -
Th.it the Calariers Pron,rl 1110.111600 is Liaeoln'slars.srprirte,
Sberulabs ..hang to ea nail Wore the Lawyers repair,
pme 'luit inith:y totratorP ; but Ilse caw has no Sew, .
lu tire Culoar•l's best wassaiw tbere always—wee Late.
110LKITARIVS.

vir: PRINCE RE(:ENDS CEPURT.
—......
.04 Saturday. at three o'clock. the Parocz
Rics:N r Is.ld a Court at Carlton-house. a inch was
.344fhtitt2t. by
I etwaillikisidlis Lord President of the Council.
ihe turd :Plias Seal, this: Vie" Lord or the Treasury, the
herdtar 'lt a tot ilia Rome. Tunica, sad Colonial
lterieftalt Mater-Crarral trt lb.. Oedhstsee, the Pee..
lighll
sirloin A thot d of Can/mt. the Chancellor of ttre Dar+,
of 1...ut,1411. Maitre or the Mint, Earl Muleratte, the
Leal Olaf' sjity t.f the ewes or coo rieud., she t,o, a
*tar-osiroil.da,:ibet Master of the Ilutst., she Grown or the
M,,,the Ifity:Marnber.tint, Mr. Vu.itcr, Ate.
lilt R...y..1 Iligrhoresii held it Miry 11:0111161, at
*owl' Si. WILIJIIM LUMLEY was introduced, and
saiirri in Governor of Bemuse's. .
Mr.. Ilitt.trit :mended as Cletk of the Council.
At the clia.e .of the 'Council the.ll4scuttoessl
1.9 v pant was admitted into the Royal presence. and
noose hts Report of thirty-one of the convicts cam.
t:rily coirviiied ar the Sessions brfare last. at Justice
11141, in thie Old Bailey, which watt the whole of
taken eircot.otse,' whose case was postponed.
Thk .nlisce itIiGENT gave audiences to the
Earl of flattitavinv, the Earl of Lily ZRPOOL. Mr.
li. BATHURST, nod ,Ir. FOITER.
The E ttl of Vire sod Sir Wii.L;aM LUMLEY
.sere the Lord and ti;rtioni in Waiting.
It WWI IleM WWII o'clock when the Court broke
tii, using to. the ettrame logth of the Recommit's
llt poll.

•
The PRINCE Itkamr's party on Friday night
one very tintsserously and splendidly attended.
There were near 400 persons present. Asnonl( the
eumpiecv were the Duke and Duchess of You,
the Duke sod Duchess of GLOUCESTER, Prince
'Auteuil), princess SOPHIA 1.4 GLOUCESTER. west
of the Foreign Ambassadors and their Ladies. &c.
The lower suite of rooms were op eued fur the oc-
casion.
01. Sidon's). the Duke and Duchess of GLOU-
CEsTEIR bail a grand dinner party to inert the
Psalms Re:GENT. Amon] the company who had
the honour to tic lorded were—Prince Lb°-
POLO, the P.Amerbs SOPNIA of GioucEsTßlts the
Lotto Cita NEE ',Loa. the Vico-CIIhNcELLoo,
V44IIIPISW. Sialloviy. he.
Prioreas Autism ~ mad a select party dined with
the Doke sod Duchess of YORK on Saturday.
Leiter. -sere received in tows. yesterday front the
Duke of Coossiti.xtio, dated the ilth instant,
slating that the Duchess and the you .% Prince
were g-eng on extremely well.
. Yesterday the Princes. Atli:lMA, the Doke of
Yortit, aid Prince LEOPOLD, riltentied til,ltle
st tv•cr at tae Chapel Itoynl, St. James's Palace.
The Duchess of You,: attended divine service
yesterday, at Whitehall Chapel.
Yesterday the Duchess of GLOUCESTER and the
Due-hest of Voltz visited Ilia Prowess Auuusra,
A the lite ()Urea's/ ('dace.
The Doke of GLoocasTea visited the Ditches
oi You yesterday.
Yrorrrlav Prince LEOpOLD visited the Duke
and Duchess of KENT, at liensitigion Palace..
Yesterday Divine Service was performed at Carl-
ton Hosse, hi. the Rev. E. W. licobißEßG. and
the Rev. Dr. STADIER CLARKE.
Yestriilay a *elect party dined with the Duke
soul Duchess of WELLINGTON.
Eal Caeve is arrived at Southampton, to aro
trod the fitting out of his yacht. in Southampton
neer.
Should the meadow tea come into general use, an '
eminent tea-driller to Cie City proposes to open a
flenii is. the west end of the tow'',
Colonel Aftweara. on Saturday evening, gave
hi, annual eattertait.wient to the Officer. of the
Caudill., set the Thatched Douse.
.trees which was numerously and fashionably at.
tent.
The ltlsrchioneas of BUCKINGHAM. Captain and
Mrs. A usTxX, It NA:sprain and Mrs. Hose, R.N.
sagentettatit.Colonet int" Mrs. S. STvRT and fetidly.
betinenatit-Colonel R 039, Mr. and Mt.. C 11.4 ttt.E3
THAMPSOM sud fano!), Mr. and Mrs. F. RatalTtl-
WAiTE Joel tinnily, MEP limn: 6 the recent arrivals
litilYttribee' in the late
r ‘'l4' 4
11 11` It"It It AD, when Dr. ar v-
Theatre was in a state of most hone Aable
a -was. it was justly raid that, had Dot KERN op.
t• ariAli, it would in a fortnight have been a lore se-
t• To. It if now iu the wine predicament —it
atone • fop-PORTER.
That celebrated COMpaSer, Roasitti, II itttiVell
at Naples. *here be has undertaken the ut wage-
ment'uf the Thrat re* for three years.
The wand match to be ran to-morrow evening
tin eiofelil.g.itGen theatrical ruce.groond. be:rreell
',evert -pritne.acceleradort. is expee:iti to ethnd
stone spoil than any since the famous Erlapse.
odds run very !ugh—Woodpecker is the favou-
toe. though many hack " Sapling Oak."
Kr AN if O 9 Olt a professional tour in the
l'h. From Witschester and Southampton be
I'teas to Portsmouth.
'lir! new composition of Lay for tea, it is said,
• a', over 'strongly recummended by the Emperor
i f
si
itc•VoLUTtoos OF EOPIK7.—It i. not we-
known. we • In.lievre, th a thes work of the
oi.1„„1,1 DR enaTtAugimANN, of which a new edit* a ban
Liu) apittaird, wee *Wien by him daring his exile in
1..414.1.1 at lbe period of the Foniels Rcoohliiiio. It if eer-
"toy thativina of ibo allenlion west only or stOtesinsll hod
I"l",oish,r*, boo of sit who feel interested in do hrolfolie of
th. wn.maudy is. which they live.

. .
iIkARRIAGJiIX 416F1 LIFil.

uperill limper, at
'.f Worcester, the
and Cnuntrut
Lord and !Alt
eel off fir ive
I, Mao Hurue,

PASNIONA BEE MOVEMENTS.

the paha and enelitaavif Northam/orlaud and pinkly
leave Kinn this day Cu. 'brit :vat, sinwiek (:natle, i'llagthlith-
hartaad.
Tki• Barliad Court/ma of Candi. and fatally hare left
no for tisk *eat it Scotland.
Jeans fkatestore, Et.q. left BlattOs Hotel, Jeraytl.aereef,
yesktday, Nelms seat, Rodhalt, 14.cfurdehire.
Arrtrala at Prithaes Huteitht.JaineaVatreet —The Earl
of Thaitet,fsk ,his neat in Kent ; fair Vim. Pinker, Bart.
Irons Ina Wei is tlattolk ; *acanthi, Pig. M.P. frusta
his seat in Leismitereitire; Alex. F. Norris, 111.:q. front his
seat in Haan;—vGeorare Santa-top, Env kit ditto, fur Park.
Denarteres Goan .the British Hotel, Jermyn.streell....,
Molter! Shaw, Ea,. M.P. for Chelteitham ; Wm. Markham,
Esq for hie seat ha &men ; • P. Illarkin, Esq. fnr hap seat ist
lasenheaktre; Mn. snail Mr.. Whoiler and family, for Parisi
H. liararbed, En. lot ditty.
- _ •

. ~.

PAZETIONAtiIIs PARTIES:

bob Tat went.
The Eve,4loo.—The Prieto Regent's grind mankably,
t:arli.4l.hiosiee flatly three's ems/ hall, Portannis.ospeare ;
the CA.untleas Cuitarviin's bail, Loiver. Grosvitose.staset ;
Sir John and lady Wootiesley's party, Saisth-street, Pack-
lane ' • Mrs. °mei Witham*** grated concert, derlselersquant
The Conistrairla.orse's party* flisebeley.agesse.
To- stoma* uremia Orey's grand assenaisty, Port.
inaii.sti wire and Alm Burtorghs' ban. Ileakeky-
sinuire ; Lidy 111.0..driiigtou's root, Park-lour; Vim-ounit**
Astiliroulte's ousegably, Illanseeld.areet, ekvendislaseptre.
%Vt DR --4Ady Wrottealey's grand assembly, South.
street, Psrk.lane; Si' Wiski, aid Lally W. Wynne. party,
St. James's. urban ; the Earl of Liverpool's Callow& dtuuer,
Fife Howse.
TanntinAT.—Lay Trollops'. greed ball, Bryanaltine-
",..re; Mrs. owe. covert'', Grawreaor-place.
Ell/MT.-71w Duchess ban Cartois calmed, Portland.
Oars; Lord Carlortotea party, Gearre-atreet; Lady Grey
Egerton's grand atnensbly Grafton-street.
SATIIIRDAT.Ledi Ciellert sgies party after the Opera.
Su, DAV.—The Marchioness of Salisbury's coavereazionr,
Arlingtom-street.

Lady Ileatheate Ism Mooed cards of invitation for a grand
assembly on the!** inst., at her house, Grosvenor-square. •
Ws. Vitamin has issued awls of 411/1141i011 for a grand
rout un the MAI iimet, at her house, Hill-street, Berkeley.
square.
The Marquis tlbd Marthiusiesa of linetly entertained
large party of diiiiieeboa yesterday, at their house, Great'
George.stewee, Iceitosinsitr.
Lard Pahattailles grave a mead eMerealammit yesterday to
Sir Watling sad lady Harriet Williams Wyo. sad • die-
ting...died pony, M his hems to Greet altaehopemreet,
May-fiat.
The Marquis d Stafford had s disarm party yesterday, at
his boom triLlelleland-square.
The Lir' of illseringtori had a grand party 4i dinner yes-
terday, at his hose in the Stable-yard, St. James's.
Lady Hatapilea entertained a select party of fashionable.
yesterday nearest; at harlosuse in Gremstreet, lilenavenor-
germre•
Larri end Lady demob.= bid disquilerly $.1411116114
their kerma issaL lasaieutiatemsg.- • - •
Lady Castlereagh had torre opal gradif *tip
on Saturday emulate, after the Opera, trM *Mg dm
goodly attended Amuse *bon porousness
were—Prises Ersterbasy, the lhoosian rionlesandisr, the Bake
lieu Carlo, Coot* sad Countess -Lime% cult
the Duke of Wsylinvoe, the nuclease( 110.1*Mit ilas
tiers sad Mardiainess of. Mundy, Marshier** of ?sisisimik„
Alseehionsas of Salisbury, Martians sad Illarshisseas of
Downshire, Marquis Camden, the Ladies Pratt. the tin sad
Camden of flettou, the Ladies Molyueux, the Earl of 1.40111 F
dale, the Ladies Loather, Marquis sod Marehioisese of Wm-
ehester, Earl Whitworth Lord and Lady Grautham. LurJ
tad Ludy Falmouth, the Earl and Countess of Jersey. Earl
of Westinortned, Earl Stale, Lord St. Helms's, Lady damp-
des, Mir.** Mrs. A. Stanhope, Le.

The HOG. CHARLES PAGET has resented the
command of the Patratit REGKNT'S yacht (the
Royal f:eo►ge/, to direct her equipment fur the
service of his Royal Highness during the summer
the. His Royal Highmeu has expressed Isis
intention to visit Portsmouth in the course of his
aquatic excursion..
The Theatre has continued to be the centre of
attraction every evening, mid the priucipal subject
of conversation through the day. In the public
rooms and promenades every party you encounter is
clescantiog on the merits of the preceding night's
Tragedy, or anticipating the enjoyment of the
succeeding performances of the all-cha►ming
O'Nst ft. ; who, since our last, has played Ermine,
Imihrlia, Bianca, and Maria, Florintla, Munimia,
and Bellanaira.—( Built Herald.)
ELOPIAIEPT..- couple lately passed with great
speed oil the great Northern road for Gretna-
green. a friend having gone before to pay the stages
all the way down that no delay might happen. Who
the parties were seems not yet known.
The anniversary of the battle of Waterloo was
celebrated by the regitnents of the Royal Florae
Guards, and the Coldstream Guards, quartered at
Windsor, with an enthusiasm which was naturally
excited by the pleasing remembrance of dangers
gone by, amid triumphs which will never be for-
gotten.
On Friday, being the anniversary of the battle of
IVaterloo, • part• of gentlemen haul a diusser is
m.nrgaeea on St. Ann** Mil. Cheritey. to celebrate
this meniosable event. Their merriment assumed
something of a utearii.d ohmmeter, midst the bring
of guus mud the display of colours. Many good
songs and glees went round with the social glass.
Althougi, the weatiwr was not very 'auspicious, •
rest company assoubled to witness and partake of
their hilarity.
The grass in the meadows in many of the fields
in the N,,tth of lingtavd, is so abundelit, that •
crop or Nu•ee toga is expected in many parts uu each
acre.
The new duty on foreign wool is likely to prove
as detrimental to the weavers of Wilts, Somerect,
&e. as it will be advnutageota to the flu( k masters.

Retulltct .1-11AZARD wild Co. sold a Prize of
Trre..ty Thousand the Lottery just ended. oleo
the host NIL? of Thirty tinissand Pounds ewer drawer, and
in the prelim,. Lottery All the Pi ire's of T..irly Tboiiewnil
Pound,. pr.,ewt Siu Lou.t ry. wlucia is all to be
dawn N FAT Tircitstur, cibuimins Two Pri2es of Thirty
11,. naend Pauutlr rli sterling°3lnoey, SW. The Public will
"reeo:hr.l," lIMt iu tho last 5411311 !Allay, with tau Pities
of Thedgmat ilvdeN, Ilazann and co. s.bi doer
Oulh at th. ir (ffices, t'3, Itii)wl Excleiniericale ; 46, Cyril.
bill ; mill 621, cerise of bwallvw.gittel.

it • 16.0 it illoillttimy 'vetting worry terirriert Ay epee'
' ai•Ogoillesi.V.tewever-eqtoire, by the Riau:op uf
Moe. Reilteti Clive, yuusurret eTt.uf the Baal
t lady Harriet Wintletv, ilAnehter tel
I
Ausiteeet. After the eeerturvbe the Imply, pair
' Duke wed liteeter.. of Iteethumberl.stues ere,
tellers Hay to pees the leteey-m..vo.
• - -•-
