NIFAN TITLE

w We, Francis H. by the Grace of GnA, !feeler, Emprior of
the Romans, always august, Hereditary Emperor of Austria;
King of Germany, Hungary, Bohemia, Dalmatia, Crnatia,
istlavnnia, Gathcm, I.o4onseria, and Jerusalem; Archduke
of Austria, Duke of Lorraine, Venice and Salabourg ; Grand
Duke or Transylvania; Duke of Styria, Carinthia, and Cat
Isiah; Warier's!). rib Upper and Lawer be:sea ; Princely
Omit of Habsburg, Tyrol, &e.

LON DON,
THURSDAY, SiP ruesEk 6.

The account which we gave exclusively, in our
paper of last Tuesday, of the assumption of the
new title of Emperor of Austria, by the Emperor
of GICKM ANY, is fully confirmed by the Hamburg!)
Mail. which arrived yesterday ; but we find, that
the Ho zue Cepi.yrit was at least premature,
in stating, that he ha ; made all his present titles
hereditary in his family. The Patent of Creation,
which we h ore copied at lelgth, is only the assump-
tion of the higher title ni Emper. ir by the Em EKON,
as Archduke of Austria, and doe: not afFei the title:
of Emperor of . ermany and King of the Romars,
which remai exatliy as befire, eleaiee. Count
ST A 'LIMA St RO, the Imperial Ambassador to
this Court, has received new credentials from his
Master, in his newly Assumed rank of Emperor
of AUSTRIA, so that not a doubt remains upon this
change, nor the quality, and extent of it. We se-
meniber, that, at the time of the Union, it was sug-
gested by some innovators, that our Gracious
Sovereign would assume the title of Emperor of
the British Isles. In what light our Cabinet, that
declined such a measure, when so fair an opportu-
nity offered, if our beloved Sovereign had any such
childish va ity to gratify, will view thisrevolutionary
imitation of the Corsican Usurper, whose condua
is set forth in the patent as a model for legitimate
Princes, we' cannot pretend to say. But we do
know, that, in less depraved and selfish times,
every hereditary and lawful Prince would have
thought himself degraded, not exalted, by fol-
lowing the example of BJNAPARTI. We have
heard it is rumoured in our diplomatic circles
that this step is, upon the part of Austria, a pre-
pans ory arrangement to a general pacification,
and the re-establishment of the balance of power;
but persons acquainted with the ambitious vies,'
and base passions of the Corsican, will not be likely
to give any credit to such a rumour. 1 his new hu-
miliation of Austria may prevent, for some months,
a continentalwar; hut it must continue the continental
anarchy and slavery. It was for:yeti; acustom among
all lawful Sovereigns, when any of them assumed a
higher title, to negotiate for its acknowledgment
and sometimes years were exhausted before the aa
of recognition could be obtained. Psi- EA the First,
Prosper-1r of Huss.a, was not acknowledged in that
title by France and Austria for many years ; and
when their :scent was, at length, obtained, it was
accompanied with stipulations by which these So-
vereigns reserved to themselves and to their heirs,
their former precedency. Prussia and Sardinia also
were not acknowledged by other Kings until a
lapse of several years. BONA P•ItTIL takes a
shorter course. Ile puts Emperors and Kings
in requisition to salute him in his usurped dg-
nity, with the same insolence and indifference as
his Generals put neutral cities in requisition, to
plunder them of their money. This ominous day,
the Itali of August, lbel, on which this patent .was
signed at Vienna, will prove, if we mistake not,
more fatal to legitimate monarchy than the cannon
of' the Jacobins, which, on the 10th of August,
1792, destroyed a kingly crown in France.

A letter from Berlin, with yesterday's mail, men-
tions, “ That the endeavours of the English and Rus-
sian Ministers there to open the eyes of the Prussian
Cabinet to its real interest in the present situation
of Europe, have not succeeded ; the Ems being
more than ever determined to follow his former
conduel with regard to France, tli,,ugh some of
his principal counsellors have tried to convince
him, not only of its impolicy, but danger.—
It is reported, that even Count HALGNITZ had
advised a quadruple alliance between England,
Austria, Russia, and Prussia ; and that this was the
cause of iis dismissal, demanded, besides, by B-J-
-AAAA ATE, who has forgotten all his former obliga-
tions to this selfish statesman.

" Baron HARDEN MIRO has announced officially in
a note to ti.e Members of the Foreign Diplomatic
Corps, his new appointment as a Minister of the
Foreign Department.
" At al:• fete given here by BONAPARTE'S emis-
sary,L A Fo LIT, in honour of his master's birth-day,
HAVOWITZ, HA RDENStIO, Prince R ADZEWI
married to a Prussian Princess, and Field Marshal

Baron MoLL EN DOR r, with most of the member°
of the diplomatic corps, were present. The Engltsh,
dussian, and Swedish Ministers, did nor, however,
.lishonour either their sovereigns or themselves, by
their attendance on this occasion."

According to a private letter from I damlyngh, of
th' 2lst ult. the title of the Chief of the House of
Austria, is to be for the future 4' the Emperor of
Germany and of Austria." It is expeaed tat an
elcflion for a new king of the Romans will soon
follow B NAFARTE'S acknowledgment as an Em-
peror of the French ; and that the latter has pro-
mised his support to have the eldest son of FR A NCIS
11. only ten rars of age, chosen to that dignity. It
is reported at }Limburg!). as certain, t'iat FRE•
DERRCK WILLIAM 111. N ill soon proclaim hirteclf
an hereditary Emperor of Brandenburgh or of
Prussia.

Letters from Jersey state, that &tin:: the foggy
weather last week, several convoyi Of armed vessels
aid of transports arrived in the harbours of Gran-
ville and St. Malo, from the Eastward. Adv:cs
have at the same time been received from the coat
of France; that more gun boats and other small
craft are expefted ; the opinion in France Was, that
some attempt would be made against Jersey, G uer n•
sey, and Alderi.ey, as soon as a su.iicient number of
vessels could be colleaed to carry 15,000 picked
men, slid to be destined by I.IOMAPANTIS for
this rash undertaking, when the dark nights
should petmit him to hope for an opportunity
of stealing to sea unperceived. The troops in-
tended for this expedif on belong to the right wing
of ALGERILAU% army. Last Wednesday, 11)14A.
PAR re.% Aid de Camp, General Sr. tSCIANI. ar-
fved from Brest at St. Maio, where he reviewed
the garrison, consisting of .SaJO men. Some sup-
pose that he is to command the invading corps.
others, that lie is only to head a division in it. Should
any attempt be made, such are the preparations in
these islands, that the enemy will repent of it.
They are garrisoned by brave men, who are under
the command of able officers; and the loyalty of
the inhabitants is as great as the courage and disci-
pline of the troops.

Yesterday, at three o'clock, the Swr.nisn Aida S-
sanoa had an audience of Lord HARao‘‘ ay, at hip
Office, in Downing-street ; and soon atter, Lord
Lerusort Gewsa had an audience, and took leave
of his Lordship, werious to his going out Ambas-
sador to Russia.

Yesterday, a Court of Dire fors was held at the
East-India House, which adjourned at six o'clock,
till Wednesday next.
The East-India fleet sailed from St. I lelen's, on
Tuesday even;nr, under convoy of Hi; 111.1,gsr V'S
ship Rerefuricsaeaire.
Letters have been received by the ships lately ar-
rived from India, which bring some further parti-
culars respeeling the capture of the Admiral Aphn,
by the Parythe French privateer. We are concern-
ed to state. that Capt. NPR c s, a passenger on hoard
the Adarral Aphis, was killed in the engagement.
Captain At rotate, another passenger on board that
ship, was wounded cn that occasim.
Vary few private letters have been received by the
country ships lately arrived; the principal dis-
patches and packets having been put on board the
Company's retzular ships, which were left at St.
Helena, and are daily expelled to arrive.
The Burgesses cf Horsham will shorly have to
exercise their elettive franchises, in chusiug as xhcr
Membet to serve them in Parliament, in the room of
PATRICK Ross, Esq. ewe of their late Representa•
dyes, deceased.

The 11I111) CH AttcaLLoß h:ts presented Dr. RI:
I.ISV, of Whippingharn, in the Isle of Wight. to a
Prebendal stall in the Cathedral Church t.f Glou-
cester, vacant by the death of the Rev. EDWA I/
WII sow, A. M.

The Charlotte, Kt R I sow, from St. Thomas's. for
Jamaica, was captured on the 22d of June, by a
French privateer, after a severe engagernei.t, and
carried into Porto Rico.

The Mercurius, Rouni.r. from Dantzic. for Lon-
don, is lost cn Bornholm.

The Elephant man of war, the Urania frigate, and
a sloop of war, are coming to England with the
fleet from Jamaica.

Three ships for London, one for C rrk, and three
for Liverpool, sailed from arbadoes on tlw .1.24 of
July, for St. Kitts, under convoy of tlw n.,,
man of war, which ship is coming to Englan 1
the fleet from the Islands.

The Prircess ChariotTepaeket, which tailed from
Eshnouth on the 24th of June, arrived at Larbadocs
on the lst of August.
The &aver, CUR rit, from Africa, has luam cap-
tor k! if littrbadoes, retaken by the G.,' frigate,
and r-rtied into Antigun
The Abeone, frem Labrad,re, is lost at
Quebec.

By dispatches received on Tuesday from Admiral
Titoarsortounia off the Texel, it appears that no
particular movement has taken place amt,rg the
enemy's vcs.cls, which semi as numerous as befiye:
and that the Admiral had dispatched the A frica,ae
frigate and 13.nver sloop to warch the enemy's mo-
tions off Heligoland and Flushing.
Sir Hum r PHAN !tad a very long intetriew with
Lord MELVI tt.i, at the Adm:ral y on Tuesday.
A Paper of yesterday says, " We are sorry to learn,
that the emissark s of the French Government still
continue to praftise upon the ignorance and credu-
lity of some of the infatuated p Irelan 3. We
are assured, from good ;mil nity, that numbers of
the cavalr• in different parts of the country, parti-
cularly in the North, have lately been fired at while
on patrole at night, from behind the hedges, by
concealed Tuft ins, and that many of them hare
been cut off by this atrocious praftice.

" SNII.LL TITLE.
• "Mogi' 11. by the Grace of G ,1, elected Empernr of the
Romani, always August, Hereditary Emperor of Austria;
ring of Gentian?, II 'v.v.?, Bohemia, ,1::. Archduke of
. k Austria; Duke of Lorraine, Venice, S.Jablurg, dec.'
(Here follow the Grand Titles in Latin.]
• The new letters of credit of his Apostor.c, Riyal
1 i Ind Imperial Majesty to the Emperor of the French,
will be sent without delay to Count Philip tie Co-
bentzel.
Couriers were dispatched with this intelligence.
which is doubly important, in the present conjunc-
ture, to Paris and Petersburgh.
The French Ambassador here. it is un.lerstonJ,
will soon leave this city, having been appointed Mi-
nister of the Interior.
The Luder of the Insurgents in Servia, Sz?rni
George, who has taken po.session of Belgrade, has
sent a deputation to solicit the protedion of the
Court of Vienna. He alleles, in justification of his
