MOUSE OF COMMoNS, MowDAT, TEL 6.

t
5

BANK OF ENGLAND.
Copies of the late Communications which passed between the
Chancelior of the Exchequer and the Governor and Company of
the Batik of EngLod were presented.
COMMERCIAL TREATIES.
Alr. Secretary PEEL presented copies of Treaties of Amity
and Commerce, severally ratified with his 3lajesty the King
of Great Britain by the state of Colombia, the towns of Lubeck,
Bremen, and Hamborgh, and the Ring of France.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Sir C. COLE presented a petition from the town of Swansea,
praying the abolition of negro slavery in the British colonies. The
Bon. Member not wishing to detaip the House, would merely ob.
serve dist lie roteilered the confinnnnee of slavery in our West
Indian poasswions as a stigma on the national character. It was a
*tate of things so discordant with the general civilisation of the
Isola, that he would venture to predict it could not exist much
Jailer. Ile did not wish to thwart die interest of the West Indian
proprietors. Though he was not hostile to them, neither was he wil-
Img to concede them any unfair indulgence, nor could lie approve
or the preference given to their sugars above those of the East
ladies.
*Petitions to the sense effect were presented by Lord NTIGUIT
from the town of Buckingham, and by 31r. LITT LETOI6 from a
town in Snmerset.hire.
SILK MANUFACTURERS.
Mr. A PPLEFORD presented a petition from the silk usanufse.
tercet of hlacclestied, complaining of the general distress which
prevails an.onir them. and ascribing its origin to the late commercial
Regulations purporting to have for their object the eatahlishinent of
tree trade. The lion. Gentleman observed that lie had a personal
knowledge of the extreme &strew set forth in the petition t he could
Isom, however, enter into the details of it, nor detain the Douse with
imperfect views of a theme so copious, but merely state his opinion
that it was to be imputed principally to the teeierity offlavernineht in
withdrawing their protection (ruin the silk trade. Ile hod himself
peeilieted the calamitous results of setting the French looms 'going.
The present situation of the trade proved all his assertions true.
De would therehire entreat his Majesty's Minister, to reconsider
their new measures, the continuance of which would amount to a
speedy extinction of the silk trade in this country.
Mr. EGERTON presented a petition from the retail tradesmen
of Macclesfield to the same effect.
Sir T. LEVI BRIDGE presented a petition from the silk menu.
fat:niters of Taunton, complaining of their distress. The Ilim.
Baronet was sure 51inisters would coaskler the deplorable circum.
winces of the petitioners, and pay attention to their prayer. He
kad heard and hoped that a measure calculated to relieve our silk.
stanufsctorers was about to be brought forward ty a Member
whose weight would secure the subject a due consideration. He
earnestly entreated Ministers to turn their minds to • question which
lie sericite* believed to be the moat important that awaited thsrn
ties Sweden. He had communicated with many of the principal
persons in that branch of trade, who all concurred in laying that '
Ike trade night still go on well,'if some further time was allowed
before the operation of the new measures commenced. He hoped,
therm fore, that Ministers would pause at least, if they could not be
prevailed upon to retrace their steps altogether.
ASSESSED TAXES.
Mr. 3IA BERIX gave notice that he would move on the 7th of
March the repeal of the assessed taxes. Ile would now move
Return of the amount of Exchequer Bills is circulation. It is
satisfactory to be informed by the Chancellor of the Eachequer
(observed the lion. Gentleman) that our revenues flourish, and we
ought to take advantage of so reasonable a juncture to repeal the

assessed taxes. If the burden of them weretaken off the country,
and these two bubbles, viz. the national debt and the sinking fund,
abolished, our tinuncial energies would he completely renewed. So
101 l as Eichequt. Bills are issued the contraction of paper cur.
rency will be impossible, and the recurrence of difficulties like the
present must be always dreaded. The Bank of England held
thirteen millions of these bills, a dead weight to themselves and a
source of danger to the public. He hoped that when the Right
lion. Gentleman brought up his measures to a detailed form he
would endeavour to get rid of this clangorous debt, which circulated
under the form of a promissory note. The Hon. Gentleman then
moved for a Return of all Exchequer Bills issued last year, stating
their periods of circulation, with the amount paid off and reissued,
stating also the sum and rate of interest, bud the amount paid in on
account of the revenue.
Mr. Secretary PEEII. gave notice that on March 17 he would
move for leave to bring in two Bills, the one relative to the im.
panelling of Juries, the other for the consolidation of the laws re.
hating to larceny.
Mr. HUMS moved for a return of the gross amount of taxadon
for the last five years.—Onlered.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON moved for a return of the Com-
merce of the Port of London.—Onlered.
BREACH OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. ROBERTSON rose to complain of one of the Public Prints.
He held in his hand a paper in which his sentiments were misre-
presented, and he believed wilfully.
The SPEAKER suggested that no evidence of wilful mistake
was before the House, and that the Gentleman therefore deviated
far from the regular forms of proceeding if his complaint did not
terminate in a motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON said his situation was very painful. The
Editor of the Paper to which he alluded had commented most stn.
justifiably on his words, imputing to him sentiments the most con.
tradictory and absurd, and at variance even with the report of his
speech published in the same paper.
Mr. HUME said, that if the lion Gentleman felt himself much
aggrieved, he might bring the Editor to the bar of the House.
If the House were to pay attention to the comments of newspaper
Editors it could do nothing else. (Hear, hear) For his own
part, he read every day, in one or another of the public journals,
something of which he might complain (cheers), but 117 liked to
find a variety of opinions, and the liberty of declaring them. Ile
therefore recommended the Hon. Gentleman not to yield the matter

any further attention.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER wished to dis.
suade the Hon. Gentleman from prosecuting so futile a complaint.
As the speech was made some nights ego, it was irregular now to
complain to the House of the comments.
Mr. RORKRTSON then moved that the Editor of the paper
which he held in his hand be brought to the bar of the House.
Ile ithe Hon. Member) was represented to have maid that the
country was ruined by its exports, and also by its imports • but
this last assertion was in direct contradiction to all he had ever
stated, and he was convinced, fmm the preliminary remarks of the
Editor, that the misrepresentation was intentional.
The SPEAKER interrupted the Eon. Illember merely to ap.
prise him that before the House entertained the complaint it could
not pay attention to the topics of aggravation.

firer; the matter droppea.
THE ORDER OF THE DAY.

Lord AACHiBALD HAIIIi.TON wished u; ask the.Rlgki

lion. Gentleman (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) whether he
meant to extend to scotland his new measure for withdrawing small
notes from circulation. Such a proceeding would be productive of
much confusion and distress. The people of England always pre-
ferred a metallic currency, while the Scotch gave the preference to
paper ; and however, desirable it might be to have the same cur-
rency in both kingdoms, yet he would not wish to see such a system
adopted against the inclination of the community. All his exertions
hitherto had been uniformly in favour of a metallic currency, but the
expedient of extending it to Scotland was a new and less abstract
question. The observations that he (the Chancellor of Exchequer)
bad made certainly did not apply toSeotlaini, foramen notes had never
been prohibited there, while in England they had at several periods.
The observations he had thought k necessary to address to theHousa
arose out of the considerations he had alluded to; but if he had
nut made himself intelligible, it arose from the circumstance of
his not wishing to go further into the subj let at that moment, and
he trusted the Noble Lewd (Lord Archibild Hamilton) would not
think it arose from a want of courtesy to him that he did not go
further into particulars; but as the question would be gone fully
into on Friday next, be begged to reserve himself until that period
arrived.
Air. II ERRIES moved for an account of the number and value
of country bank notes issued in the year 1825, distinguishing the
number and amount of each quarter respectively ; also foe an account
of the public income and expenditure ; also for an account of the
public debt, and the amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the
same period.
The same were afterwards brought up, laid on the table,
and ordered to be referred to the Committee on Friday next.
Sir. BRO(IDEN brought up the report of the Committee on
the expired arid expiring laws, which was laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
HALF-CASTS IN INDIA.
Mr. HU3IE begged to ask the Right Hon. Gentleman the Pre-
sident of the Board of Control, whether it was his intention to
present any BiU to Parliament this Session to enable the Half-Casts
iu I ndia,and others at present disqualified, to sit on Juries.
Mr. W. WYNN replied in theaffirmative.
The House adjourned at a Quarter past Five.

1.,..
