~»

,„ . . . •
;pada tlas valuable inalmMett of political ailvanceinc,,t ? Let
us not feg-t that the former great issofeilteacy of the Irish peo-
ple (foe, such it may_ be justly designated) may still hold its
meeting, fur fourteen days' for the redress of grievances in *hutch
and Sore. What, then, do I propose ? Let the literately, the
chief. C:ergy, the Nobility, the Gentry, and tht leading tureens
of our body, assemble from all parts of Ireland. Let thzjr
hates be continued from day to day, and let the whole mass of
nations! grievance be brought tinder reriew. The eyes of. Eng.
land will he fixed dpon so vast, so powerful, and so imposing
an assemblage of the rank, the wealth, the influence, anti the
Intelligence of this great country. The organization of seven
millions of the Irish people will by presented is * conspienous
light. The great barriers—the immense pole that separates
us, from the Srate..4lll be made distinet and prominent. The
impolicy of permitting so vast a body to remain separated
, from the empire, will be illusrented, and the Minister will learn
that nothing but liberty will disarray those whom oppression has
bound up togethei.' (Loud cheers.) fie will see that the Associ-
ation of the Citilt •:ies arises front their disassociation from the
State. The next measure which I propose is one equally simple,
and, perhaps, still more important. Upon a specific day, let simul.
Mime; .Meeting: be lull in erery chapel in Ireldncl. Our Clergy
—the unbought teacher; of the Gospel (loud eheres) arc with us
heart a'l4l hand. They will lurid as their pious nod ardent co.oper-
ation. Upon the Fame day two thousand five littnilied meetings
wilt be held. Thus an enormous movement of the whole popula.
' don of Ireland will be produced. Hitherto the giant has stirred
but a single limb--henceforth the whole frame of the public mind
should be put at once into motion. Briareus should arise and lilt
up his hundred ants. (Loud cheers.) If this great and appalling
proof of the geld. the 'Moue, the energy, and the Onion of the
people be gißft—if the,3linister behold seven millions of oppressed
and impassioned men westing at once into the attitude of inflamed
and Ivehementetsupplication, will he not whisper to himself that
Ireland can na longer be trampled with impunity to the earth,—
that concession is no longer a matter of election—that while
Justice says--" You ought," Necessity cries out "you must,"
and thlt not merely the prosperity of faction--the triumph of
a party—the victory of Tury over 11'hig, and of Frotestant over
Catholic. arc embraced in this great question; but that the glory.
the stability, and the very existence of the British empire are
involved within it. (Loud cheers.) These, it appears to me,
will be among the beneficial results which this combination will
be caletilated to produce; and I must observe, that we have
hitherto neglected the very obvious and efficient means of giving
impressiveness to our claims. When men in office feel the
urgency. of the Catholic question, with the same intense conviction
as the sixty-nine Peers who have passed such strong resolutions
in our favour, our liberty will have been ,thieved... To produce
this result, great exertion Will be required. In the present crisis
a mare powerful effbrt is called for than we have hitherto made.
" Now or never," s'tould be our motto. To what do I allude P
To the anthems of him who may inherit his father's faculties
without his crown, and of whom may well be said, " Quoin Deus
volt pendere prius dementat." He is an unmitigatahle and relentless
foe. There Is a Vehement stolidity about him which 1 utterly im-
pregnable to argument. His prejudices are fortified by a mind
which reason cannot scale. (Loud cheers.) It is said that lie is
not a bad man. Better that be bad the sagacity of a knave then
the perverse end strenuous fatuity which renders him not only
careless of the interests of others, but Insensible to his own.
It is some consolation to hope that his Illustrious Brother duce
not participate in his sentiments. There are some who con.
lecture that he must have received the Royal Assent when he
spoke of the torture to which the conscience of his Majesty
would be exposed in being called upon to accede to the libera-
tion of the lush people. But. for my own parr, I cannot
bring myself to think so badly of human nature as to suppose
it possible that George the Fourth should be unfavourable to our
claims. Why did he come amongst us? Was it for the sake
of inane exhibition and theatrical parade ? Wet it .for the pur-
-1 poso of displaying the ponderous pageantry of an itinerant Court,
and of astonishing us with the fantastic glare of melo-dramatic
loyalty? It was tor a far nobler and more exalted purpose. If lie
had landed in Ireland with no better object than to gratify the pas-
' Mon for popular applause, which, while it is fatigued is never sate.
ated, his visit to Ireland would belittle deserving ofcommeinorating.
But if, as I make no question, it was intended with a vie* to mea-
sures of ulterior pacification, it excused and almost justified the
1 paroxysms ofloyalty into which the country was precipitated. The
King's entry into this great city was an exhibition of the nation's
heart. It was, if I may so say, an ovation of the affections, end a
triumph of enthusiasm, and of fidelity, and of love. " There," we
exclaimed, " are our hearts !" and we did not even ask for freedom
as an equivSlent. We stifled the language of entreaty, and so far
from complaining, we did not even implore. The day of his depar-
ture arrived. Do you recollect that memorable, and I may call it,l
that thrilling and pathetic incident—must not the contemplation of
the scene which accompanied his embarkation have stirred every
BOOM of sensibility to its inmost and purest depth within him.
IS'hen he stood upon the deck of that golden galley that slowly
and majestically began to waft him from our shores—when the
sails were unfurled, and the expanded canvas began to swell be-
fore the wind; when he looked back and beheld this beautiful
but unfortunate land receding behind him—when he saw the green
hills crowded to thvir summits with the living masses of his
ardent and enthusiastic people--when he heard the prayers that
were offered up is an undivided application for his welfare—when
be beheld a million of bands retsed up to heaven, to call doirn
blessings on his head . . . . I do not know of what mate-
rials ohs hearts of Kings are made ; but if he has one touch of '
human nature in his bosom, his heart must have melted within him
—his soul must have rushed into his eyes. The recollections of
his early life must have come back upon him ; lie must have re-
• erebevedr *reknit whew fie was reveitope, vie beet, the !bred amt,:
cipatlon of Ireland; and even if his heart, in place of being what
it is, were as dry and barren as the strand from which he was de.
parting, all the good feelings of his youth must have returned like
a spring-tide, and overflowed his bosom with many a high and pure
emotion. (Thunders of applause.) If, et such a moment, an
honest man had stood beside him, might he not have ex-
claimed, Olt, Sire! is not a spectacle like this a nobler one'
than the golden banquets and the purple halls of your palace have
ever yet disclosed ? Look at the
.people whom your Ministers have
devoted to oppression. (Loud cneers.) Deltoid the enthusiastic,
the chivalrous, and high-minded men, who stand in msrisds upon
your ill-fated shore, and with outstretched arms bid you an afire-
tionate and enthusiastic farewell l and what part does it become you
to set towards Ireland—ask it of your heart ? Do not take coon-
sal of the Members of your Cabinet, but of those monitors whom
God has placed in your bosom ; liberate Ireland and yourself,
emancipate yourselt from the hypocrisy of Liverpool. the lachry-
mary cant of Eldon, and the plebeian arrogance of Peel. (Loud
cheers.) Do not consider what is convenient, and dexterous,
and cunning, but what is great, magnanimous, and good ; ex-
tinguish the dissensions of Ireland t consolidate the power
of the Empire ; do that which shall make your people
happy, your monarchy everlasting, and your name immortal, and
perform a part which mankind will account worthy of the Sovereign
of a great empire and the friend of Charles Fox ! (Loud and con-
tinued cheering )
Mr. D. Beeeww, after en culogium upon M. O'Connell,
moved the resolution of thanks to the learned Gentlemar. The
motion having platted unanimously, was received with tile most
unanimous and enthusiastic applause.
Mr. O'Co,esoa afterwards moved, and Mr. A. Bnoww se-
conded, a Resolution, recommending the several county meetings.

Sir JOH w aiss,Bart. and Mr.O'Cow won Dom moved and sc-
cond &I a resolution, recommending proNincial meetings to petition
for a redress of grievances.

Mr. O'Costxtss rose amidst loud and general cheering.—Si-
lence having been restored, Ire said that the resolution just pro-
posed was a working one, acrd as he liras a man of business, he
wished to take a share in the Catholic work. The Catholics were
now to progress of having another 4.~asociation, and, by the resolu.
tion just read. they were to make tolbther peaceable eftint for the re-
! eovery of their rights and liberties. If they looked steadily at the
obstacles they bad to encounter, and without flinching from the fcr-
midable phalanx of bigotry which opposed them, he trusted it
was not within the occurrences of nature, that this beautiful coon.
try, or her gay, generous, and gallant sons should be long afflicted
with penalties disgraceful to civilization and humanity. There
were three peculiar subjects of complaint. The first was, the put.
' ting down the late Catholic Association ; the iron had entered their
souls, and they would ever deserve the degradation of slaves, if the
ceased to complain of that tyrannic irjustice which bespoke the incli-
nation, if the power existed, to render their bondage perpetual. And
what was the cause of this despicable hostility i That they had,
with ability and honesty, obtained that confidence which should
have been reposed in an assembly of the people of virtual reprelen-
latices. The Association began with few materials, but at the
hour of its suppression. its eunimit was in Dublin, while its base
was laid from Cape Clear to the Giant's Causeway. They had at
the commencement a few pounds per week ; at the close they were
in the receipt of upwards of two hundred pound, per day ; and if
r the Association had not been put down by legislative power, it
would have been impossible for the 1,300.000 Russians alluded to
by the worthy Secretary, to have arrested the march of intellectual
energy and constitutional liberty. That so inglorious a triumph
should have been obtained through the alliance of the friends of
civil and religious liberty, was what caused as much affliction as
the defeat Itself. Ile was ready to give the most perfect credit, for
yurity of intention, to the Marquis Wellesley, in his exertions to
suppress the murderous ascendaney faction < yet he (Mr. O'C.)
bared that in future ages the Marquis's administration in Ireland
would only be known by the suppression of the Catholic Associa-
tion ; and although his Lordship expected that benefit to the court.
try would ultimately have followed, yet he wits deceived, and
his countrymen were yet doomed to slavery, without any thing
more to hope than from the results of their own fortitude, per-
severance, and unanimity, supported by the justice of their
MUM

The Learned Gentleman upon sitting down received the same
cheering as at the commencement.

Captain Bryan, Mr. O'Connor, and other dentlemen, moved
several other 'Kewlotions, after which Lord Killeen was called to
the Chair, and thanks voted to Lard Oormanstown.

Mr. O'ColnsELL announced, that Gentlemen who wished to
tall.• about the New Association, would assemble to-morrow (this
day), at half-past Mice o'clock, at the Coln Exchange.
Several Gentlemen paid their subscription, and received their
tickets front Mr. Dwyer.

The Brighton Herald says—" A foreigner, withlscarcsly
any flesh on his hones, and who is termed the Living
Skeleton, was landed on the Pier from a packet on Thurs-
day. Colonel Williams, who, it is said, has purchased
this frightful object for the purpose of exhibition, imme-
diately sent him off in a chaise and four to London, and
followed himself the next div. The quantity of food
taken by the sl,elcton par day is two ounees."
