COUNTY DUBLIN.

WEDVESDAY.-At the close of the pull, at five rtinutes p»s
six, the numbers were as follow :
Day's Poll.
r. 12
222
184

White
Talbot
Hamilton

Grass Poll.
1.154
1,154
823

GALWAY.—There has been dreadful work in Galway. It is
said that fear gentlemen have been commi,:ed on a charge of kit-
in a man.— Thrblin Freeman's Journal.
KERRY.--.lVe are very sorry to say that no detailed revery' cif
the dreadful and unfortunate business at Trades have yet reached
town. But although there is not a regular authentic narrative.
Our: are several !ewes, written of course under great agitation
and in great haste, and numerous rumours. The followtog parties
cuter; are given in an Evening Paper, which, however, does not
pledge itself for their accuracy in all respects. We should ald that
it is stated positively that seven persons, of those who were tired
upon are dead ! and thirteen dangerously wounded. There is also
a report, that Lord Ennismore (father of the new Candidate). and
who, accirding to previous accounts, bad been horsewhipptd by
Colonel Crosbie, had lost his life in a duel, arising out of thesis
melancholy transactions. " The wretched people were shot lik.:
so many dogs, without the formality even of leading the Riot Act.
The most conspicuous person on this occasion wan Major Mullins.,
a brother, we believe, of Lord Ventry—(pay is be the New
Orleans Mullins, who was dismissed the service fur his conduct
during a battle ?l It has been proved, we understand, oa the im.
quest, that this roan repeatedly called on the police to fire upon
the multitude, by such exclamations as this, Blood and
why don't you fire ?" The inquest was proceeding on Tuesday.,
and it was supposed would continue the whole week. Messrs.
Guiles and !sing attended on behalf of the people. Mr. Hickson.,
agent for Mr. Hare and 3lr. Bennett, attended on behalf of Major
Mullins. Vet when Mr. King expressed hie gratification at seeing
Major Mullins professionally ',presented, these gentlemen, though
acting throughout as extenuating counsel for the acanted,
tiously denied any such representation. Aleors. King and con*.
declared that they appeared not as hirelings, but as the advocates
of a massacred people. The bodies were all interred on Tuesday.
From what has yet transpired at the inquest, it apyears that a 3lr.
F Rowan shot one of the unfortunate men himself with s.pistol—
that Mullins brought the police from the Itharreh-yard, where they
chewed ,reluctance to lire, and that, notwithstanding the renum.
amours of the Chief Constable, Mr. Smyth, (:Arise conduct is
highly peaked) he caused them to fire from before the Court..
llntiße. Lord Ennismore has returned suddenly to Cork, and' the
High Sheriff, escorted by a party of police. has set off, acoordittie
to the current opinion in Tralee, for Dublin, far the purpose of
surrendering himself. IVhtnt has become of Mojor 3lullii is we
have not heard. In the mean time, the election winch was to have
began last Monday, is adjourned over (by copseut, we should au,..
pose) to Monday next. What the verdict of the Coroner's inquest:
may be, we know not—what it ought to be, we do know. It is
supposed, that after this unpropitious commencement of Kerry po-
lities, Mr. Hare will give up the battle before It has commenctil."
Freeman's Journal.

- . -......___
I From the Southern Reporter, June 291
Up to yesterday morning, when the coach left Ttalee, the town
enjoyed comparative quiet. The inquest on the si' unfortunate
victims had not terminated on Tuesday night. at which time '43
witnesses lout been examined.
Tate AFFRAY AT KE ft ItY.—We have receivcd a Illtrnb" I Of
letters since our last, relating to this unfortunate subject, and terry t
exceedingly that they all bear us out in the statement we gave of
the extent of the killed and wounded. As the affray will become
the object of i 111 l nediate inquiry on the part of the floverenotert.
would not be judicious to advert to it more particularly.
opinions on the subject of the High Sheriff's reading the Riot Act
are various and conflicting--for ourselves, we must say that it
would not be consistent with that steadiness for which Mr. tiicktoti
is remarkable, were he to order the military to fire, without hiving
legally protected himself from the responsibility. The elcetioa
has been postponed to Monday n:xt, it is supposed to await a com-
munication from the Government—the turbulence of the mob being
such as to impede all efforts at polling—Cork. Conyt;toii.nr,
June 29.

The Wellington, Evans., was to sail from Madras for London
ist March. (Extract of a Letter from our eortesnandent at Limerick, dated
SHIPS SPOKEN NUM.-Th.: George Home. Hippius, was spoke yesterday, II o'clock.)
?Ist March on the Line, by the Thomas Grenville; the !)caner, The contest is curie,' on here with great vigour. Fitz;ibbon ,s
from llamburgh to Bataria,. 4th April; ofi the Cape. secure in his election; Lloyd, pretty certain ; btu it O'llenly is des-
ANRIVAL AT 3,IADEIRA—The Boyne, Miller, from London, tined to lose, he will di, hard. Be promises faithfully to bead his he-
-29:11 May. -
mediate opponent on the poll to-day. The contest will kill L'oyd i:
A a itIVAL AT ST. HELENA—The Marquis of Carndcn, Fox, it continues. as he looks very bad. Yesterday evening an is-r,,rney of
from London, 16th May. the name of C.l—, from Charkville, an agent in one of O'Grmir's
An RIVALS Air TEN En TFFE—The Crown,rtairil, from Creenock booths, was ,cia.al with an apoplectic fit, and is nearly oil: The
13th May, and sailed for Bombay on the 17th. The Providence, hem is so intense tort oil the agents are in their shirt sleeves. -The
Ardlie, from London, no the 113th, and to sail in the 19th. ahility, perseverance, impartiality, and independence, manifested
MONTE VIDEO.—The Perseverance. graham, for the Mantis by the High Sheriff, is beyond praise. Ile never quits his Coins ;
tins, was on shore 23d April at Monte Video, during a hurricane; the pen is coatinually in his finger:. When I saw hi 11 yesterday
it was doubtful whether she could repair. evening, I would have taken hint for one of the roost vigilandatd
OrianALTSg—The Lady Campbell, Murphy, front Bengal, Clicient agents of one er other of the candidates, it I did O n know
was on shore on the Pearl Rock, Gibraltar, 19th June, hot was hip person. A inure consistent and respectable retu-n,ng officer
got off without apparent damage; left Saugar Ist Jan.: the Cale et,erer perhaps presided at an election. It is really gratifying to
6th April; St. Iletena 17m April; Ascension Island 2tkli April, 'witness a man of edacation, rank, and fortune, ilisciatagiappois
with bale goods, sugar, and saltpetre. digit, With Virtue and constitutional purity.- C'orl: Constibitiols,
AKELVALD AT 'PILE CAPE—The Acosta, Hillier, from Ms- ..71111i 29.

'manna

Keel del Mon•e..
Vniwd Mexican

Vaudian

Owners' Steam Navigation

•~

LONDON, TUESDAY, JULY 4, ISM

VIII

~~

-.; :.3 7.'
''
•
'lf,. t ..,::,: •\;‘'
74
7 :
.'-‘l.--
.4p'

:j `~f

~-

NO TIMF. TO L():IE

c.•tracts

PRICES OF BRITISH STOCKS rESTERDAT.
Zook Stock Long Ann. 18 11-16
3 per Cent. Red. 774 4 India Bond. 9 pm
3 per Cimt. Cons. Ex. Rills 10001. 8 7 pm
Ditto Acct. 784 g4ll 4 Ditto 8601. 8 7.pm
SI vet Cent. Red. 841 4 I Ditto Smug' 9 , Ent
4 per Cent. (1829) 934 hotter" Tickets 241. Is.
PRICKS OF FOREIGN s'fOCKS YESTERDSLY.
A94144en Bondi 8$) Greek Bondy (Is23llres Dv
Brallitais Bonds Mexican Ronde Pa eg.d)v
DP..to Actg. 50 Ditto Acct. 31 re die
Buenos Alice. 11.mde 42} GO Mitt.. Bonds '1878; 40 1 404 2 44
4;alllan Bonn. 32 It 4 4 1 99) 401 394 § es 0111'
ColoinLian Bonds Z 1 6 9 Ditto Acct. 40 I§ 2 It 404 14 I 4
-Ditto Ronde (1824) N 4 74 1 r 394 40,1 394 40es din
Oltto Acct. 27 a 7 84 7§ 7 4 7 Peruvian Bonds 24
'Danish Romig (1928) 824 Russian Bonds :19221 704 4
Dltto Acct. 53 21 4 Ifttto Acct. 741 4 8
Tren:'l Renter 6 per Cast. Mt 7k. Spanish Bonds 74 8 711 i
Est.laarige 2.11.. 64e. Ditto Bond. (18:M)

riticsa or SHARES YESTEIII/* V.
Shur. Pall.
............. ................ )4 rt
............ ........ . ....... 41))) 41,) 0) di .4
40 2U Si cu

........
MISUR•PICII CONFAMIIIII.
100 10 :1,1 pm

100 10 61 dls

434.4

tie UritifSit
ENGLISH OPERA HOUSE.
k;rening, TUESDAY, July .1, win be performed the Graod Opera of
TARRARE, THE TARTAR CHIEF.
Tarrare, Mr. Paola ;Aar, Mr. H. Philtre.: Arteolo, Mr. J. 0. Atkin.:
ICtamore, Mr. Perkins; Caletel, Mr. Thorne. Astasla, Alta Hamilton;
PCeetta, Miss Paton ; Elam?. Ml.s (toward.
After which the Comic Operetta of
BELLE.; WITHOLT BEAUX;
OA. TN/ AMONG Tilt/UM VICS.
V... Character. by Miss Reny, Ml.l Carr. Mrs. Tayleure, Mies Roden,
Mr.. Bryan, 1111. s. Sonthwell. and Mrs. J. Welypert.
To conendo with the Comic Opentora of
LOVE AMONG THE ROSES I or, THE MASTER-KEY.
Slur/met. Mr.Wreisch ; Timothy flolyhock, Mr. Keeley.

• - _
ROYAL GARDENS. VAUXHALL.
Ender the e.pecial Patreinsee of his Mopt Gracious Majeaty.
Ta.siarrow Evening, WEDNEdDAY. July b. the Amusem,nts will
tar:mcuee with a GRAND CONCERT, In Two Acts, in the 'Avesta new
21. cont Eirms, at nalf-pa.t. Piot o'Ciock.
Pi i:•eipat Vocal Perful mere -Miss Travis :her recond appearance', and
Mi' 'Love; Miss Povey, and Madame Cornega ; Mr. Ftraltarn. Mr. din-
:. ir, auil Signor De Relents ; Mr. C. Taylor, Mr. ilorncastie, Mr. Robin-
sir, Tinney, and Master Parker.
Leader of the Hand, Signor Spagnulettl. Composer and Conductor,
I.:. R. Bishop.
Blocirnsire, the celebrated young American, whose engazement, In
1-. are hitherto p-evented lila appearance at the Gardena haviii7 'tad
a- rl.ed In England, will go through hia astonishing Evolutions on the
Pope.
interesting RaFet, entitled L'INTRIGUE DE VILLAGE, will
Irrnediately follow the Exhibition on the Slack Rope.
Leader of the Band for the Ballet, Mr. Route.
Th.; Fntert tinments will finish with a GRANI) DISPLAY of FIRE.
vIK3. at the conclualan of which Mr. Illackmore will make hi.
t•rr.:.c Ascent on the Tight Rope, to the summit of the Tower, sr I
Lie ,:end enveloped in !Showers of Fire.
II . irs open at Seven o'Clock.—Concert commence. at Half-past Eight

Particulars respecting Admission Cards for the Evening. and Private
h,:e; fur the Session or Nightly. my be bad upon application to Mr.
ite4resys, Hooksoller, Bond-atrcet.
Caution.—The Public tv:11 plea-e to take notice, that all Song Books
o: Ted for sale on the outside of the (larding are •pnrious y and. n the
leAlan ranle• every Evening, no Books but those sold Inside the Gar-
lave are to be depended upon.
• • The ANNUAL JUVENILE FETE will tate place on MATER-
• NEXT, the Bth instant.

THIRTY THOU4A3:I;P(:)I7NI3 PRIZES NEXT TI ESDAV
WEEK, WHEN ALL LOTTERIES END FOR EVER.

The BRITISH PRIM commenced publishing yesterday mcrr.in
at half:past five o'clock.

We hare received the French Papers of Saturday, and
the Ehdr of Sunday, and subjoin a kw extracts:—

(from the Eto!le, datLd Sun :lily, July 2.)
CONSTANTINOPLE, JUNE 6.
(Dv EXPNESS.)

he f irkish Commissioners have not yet set out for the frontiers
their numerous suite. It is affirmed, however. thrd they will
s,.t out the day after tomorrow.—( They had not arrived at Eucha...
rest the 14th June.)
The Porte, after numerous meeting. of the Council, In which
the Chiefs of the Janissaries made much oppositien, hut at length
suffered themselves to be persuaded by the Ileums, has resolved to
titroduce the Nivint Ghaid, or European di.eipline, and to form
a numerous army of troops of the line. If this measure, which has
id.eady cost the lives of two Sultans, should be executed without
nrther obstacles, this event would be of the highest importance
towards the support of the Turkish Empire. The example of the
Viceroy of Egypt, and of the advantage. gained in the Mores by dis-
ciplined troop., have silenced the scruples of many great men t and
as the Janissaries and the 31AT11101 are provision4lly to retain their
privileges, the accomplishment of this tlesian seems to have become
uxre ce.y ; and therefore there will be nothing to prevent the form-
awn of a most powerful Turkish army.

PARIS.4ULT 1.

Accounts from St. Petersborgh of June 6, received by ;fai of
Odessa, state that the Russian Commissioners were about to set cut
tar the frontiers of Turkey. M. Foulon, Councillor of State, who
acompanies them as Interpreter, was also with Baron Strogoneir
Cons,antinople. There is every reason to suppose that no Envoy
of other European Powers will take part in the conferences.
The Cabinet of St. Petersburgh has caused a circular note to be
cleavered to the Arnbassadtox of the Great Powers, expressing its
s.t.isfaolon with the concessions hitherto wide by the Divan.
The Genoa Gazette states that seven men out of thirteen, corn-
pasing the ere* of the brigantine, Notre Dante de Loretto, have
thed of the plague at the Lazaretto of Varignano. It is
i supposed
re that this vessel biought the disease from Candia, whet has
been fee a cargo of olive oil. In consequence of this event, the
guard of the Lazaretto has been strengthened, and a ship of war
'tenoned off the harbour of Vatigrano.

FaFWCH FIII4I33,—PARIS. 51.71.1- I.—Five per Cent'. opened
a: 30c., closed at 98f. fAc.; Three per Cent•. opened at
closed at 65f. 95c. ; Bank Stock 2.011 f. 50c., closed at 2013 E;
Ite^•es de Naples 72f. Bk. Rentts d'Espagne fill.; Spanish
I,tan 44. V.; Exchange on London—One Month, 25f. ;
Three 31onths, 25f. 40c. Stock E.rchonge.

A Flanders Mail and Hamburgh Pacers to the Ist
iliitsnt have been received, from which the following are

BiltsssEt.s, JUNE 28.

We hare heard th:.t an Association had been formed in France
a :I Germany, to redeem from slavery, apostacy, and prostitution,
the widows and children of the Greek warriors, slain by the Ala.
hoeuetans. We learn that three of the members have just ar-
med here, to interest in the fate of the unhappy victims of
Alu•-
subnan ferocity all those generous hearts fur whom humanity and
religion are not simply sounds.
Numerous subscriptions have been made. and are now making,
in France, for the honourable object of this Association.
The inhabitants of the Netherlands, who show so many marks
of so:ieitude for the sacred cause of the Greeks, will skew no less
eagerness than their neighbours ow this occasion.

JUNE 29.

The cloth montane/unroof Verger, aril i•.' environs- are iiiai;ch
a state of inactivity, that most of the wok/gum on reduced to ex-
treme divtrc•'.

Lady Cocimine and family ftfliVal on the 25th at AiN•ll-(112-
peUe, and art out the next day foe Geneva, where she will reside
during the absence of Lord Cochrane. who is gone to Greece.
Mr. Hughes, Charge d'Aftitires from America, has just arrived
at Brusstls from Washington. He will sOOO go to the IJague.
Brill IN JUNI' 27
'" • • • •

By Recounts from St. Petresburgh of June 17 we learn that his
Majesty the Emperor Nicholas bad issued on the 13th the follow.
erg Manifesto :
Fro n our Manifesto of 31%t Dec. our faithful subjects learnt
the existence of a plot, the object of which was the overturnieg of
the Thrtinc, a change in the form of Government, and the destruc-
tion of every thing that the country holds dear.
" We had.conlideit to a Commission of inquiry the care of eon-
turning this wicked conspiracy to the bottom, to investigate the
whole extent, to penetrate to the root of the evil, to discover the
progress it had already made, and to lay before us the result of the
suquiry, furnished not upon mere conjecture, but upon positive
midi-mutable evidence.
" Necessity demanded a very accurate andcater sive inquiry.
When in the foot days of our reign, by the inscrutable deerees
lhvine Providence, we were made acquainted with a horrid plan,
Which had been currying on in the dark for ten years, we recog-
nized the linger of Gals which evidently pointed nut to us nee ditty
and conduct. and we have the more ornsibly felt the sacredness of
these our (Julies, no the origin of the plot wan long before our acces-
sion to the throne, and by no means threatened our person alone,
hut all Russia.
" Such were our thoughts in appointing the Committee of In-
quiry, and such the principles that were to direct he pmeeedir.gs.
After unwearied labours of live months, and after carefully weigh.
ing every eircumstitnee, every confession, every action, rejecting all
iateposaeasion, and proceeding only on clear evidence, oaths °pl-
ies-non, of the accused, and such means of conviction ns CAD admit
ui no doubt, anti 'u the accused all the liberty necessary for

their defence, the Committee has attained the end 'imposed, and laid
before U 1 a detailed Report, with the necessnry genuine documents.
" On considering this Report, there appear two kinds of guilt,
very different in their nature. Via first, of the highest importance'
is high treason, continually aiming at its wicked purpose by
plans tang conceived, obstinately persisted in, and matured.
The second is delusion produced by weakness of character, want
of ;ienetration to see through the real object of the conspirators by
a momentary ellerveseence of the passions. followed by repentance.
and in general amounts to unsteady plans a itheut a fixed object, anti
without :mind co-operation. It is evident that the accused of the
second class can he subjeeted only to such a punishment as may
rzform them but the persons belonging to the first class, who be-
longed more or less to the centre of the plot. alto knew its object,
all these, though not equally criminal, shall be included in the
beTtellet. .

'• M'e have composed the tribonstl, which shall be commissioned
to pronounce judgment, of the three principal orders of the State,
the Council of the Empire, the Directing Senate, and the Synod,
and have added sonic persons, as well military an civil. The Pre-
sident and Members of the Committee of Inquiry shall not be a
part of this tribtmal.
By this of-urination we have desired not only to retain the an-
cient tpiages, but also to chew that we consider this cause at that of
the llunniars a Ito love their country—as that of the whole Empire.
•' Pl.tciog the f:te of the accused in the hands of this Supreme
Council. we es pert and desire from it no otherthon impartial justice,
founded on the laws and on the strength and clearness of the evi-
dence. As noon on the sentence is pronconced, it shall be mode
public. together with all the promedirp." By an ukase of the
same dote, Ili. 51ajenty appointed Count I.lpueltio. or (if he is hin-
dered) Prince Kurakin, President of the Supreme Council. the 51i-
niatt rof Justice, cliarged with the functions of Attorney• General,
and 1) other 31em hem.
The (trend Duke Michael has returned from Moscow to St. Pe.
tersburgli.
• FRANKFORT, JUNE 25.

There I. n report of the approaching marriage of the Crown
Prince of A worm. Notitiog tra-spire3 rewriting the chosen of his
Imperial Hight- ".•. bin we may look with hope to the intercourse
of the Courts of Vienna and Dararia. _

BERLIN, JUNE 27.
Private amounts from Bmnurielt tali' that hie Highness the
nuke had, on the MI, the misfortune to break Ins leg.

STOCKHOLM% JUNE :M.
To-morrow there will be a grand entertainment in the palace of
Ladugardegarde, after which the camp will break up.

iCIitIISTIANTA, JUNE 22.

On the lath, almost the whole town of Fretierickstlaii was burnt
to the ground. All the public buildings, including the powder
magazine. took fire; but the powder being in strong vaults, no ex.
plosion took place. Of nincty.three prisoners in the Castle, only
two escaped. All the buildings except the fortress were insured
for 357,9f.0 dollars specie.
ILtimnvniau,Juwx3(l.
Exchange on London :.—One Month, 37i. 4c. ; Two Months,
4c.

The Purser of the Thomas Grenville, East Indiaman,
arrived yesterday from Calcutta. The Thomas Grenville
sailed on the 2Sth February, and brings the important in-
telligence that Sir Asente.ern CAMPBELL was advancing
upon Ummerapoora. The Enterprise steam-vessel had
arrived at Calcutta front Prome, with despatches from Sir
Atte II IBA too, which give further details of the movements
of the army referred to in Captain CHAD'S report from the
seat of war. It appears, by the private letters, that Lord
COMBERMERE was on his return to Calcutta from Bhurt-
pare. The letter that we insert below proves the excellent
arrangements of Rajah Ge manta SINGH, aided by Captain
GRANT and Lieutenant PEMBERTON. The steady conduct
and determined bravery of the troops admirably seconded
the efrorts of their Commanders:; and the intelligence that
we have been enabled to collect upon this interesting and
highly important subject is in every respect satisfactory.
The Burmese fought with spirit; hut being beaten, not-
withstanding the firmness they manifested, it seems they
afterwards gave themselves up to despair, which was taken
advantage cf by our troops; and the result of a rapid
movement on their part was expected to carry the war into
the enemy's ten itories. the road from the river to Ummera-
poora presenting no difficulties to the advance of an army.

311.:xt000n, JAN. 2.1.
We are ',MTV to be able to state that the Milanese hare been
compelled to abandon the country, and retreat aerates the Ningti,
by a series of gallant and judicious operations conducted by Rajah
Gunibliir Sing. wish the assistance of Captain Grant and Lieut.
Pemberton. The detachments sent to Kubboo Pergunah, as no-
ticed in our letter of the 25th of Pecember, found the northern
porlon evacuated. and the Burmese finer under the Sunjoo Rajah,
and the Rajah of Tommie), to the number of 700 men, strongly
wrongly stocked& at the latter place. Being too weak to attack
the post, the Commander of the detachment sent for reinuorce-
merits, aneiGundiliir Sing and Capt. Grant immediately marched
to his assistance lei lithe rest of the levy, across the Meting hill
into the Burman territory, in which route they passed several stock-
ades that had been commenced in the dehle, but abandoned on
their expected advance; they joined the detachment on the 18th.
On reconnoitring the stockade, it was found to be of considerable
strength and extent; the par), were unprovided with artillery, and
an attempt to dirty it by escalade must have been attended with
serious loss. It was ascertained, however, that the water of the
stockade was provided front a nullali about eighty paces distant, and
advantage was promptly taken of this circumstance to cut off the
Burmese from their supplies.
On the 19 h, the 3lunnipone troops effected their advance,
through a thick jungle, and were not discovered till they had ob-
tained command of the spots where access to the stream from the
stockade was practicable; the enemy perceiving them, opened a
heavy fire, but the men, being sheltered by the thickets, suffered
little. The Burmese made several sptrited sorties, but they were
received with great spirit • and in a desperate and final attempt, in
the night of the 21st, being repulsed with severe lose, they com-
menced their retreat. The stockades were cleared by the night of
the 22d, and taken possession of by the Rajah. Lieut. Pemberton
joined the force on the 20th, and, immediately after the success, a
detachment of 300 men was Bent forward, who succeeded in cap-
turing a stockade on the right bank of the Ningti River. Upwards
of 200 people were liberated. A reinforcement of 500 had been
ordered to join this advance ; and the rest of the levy was to follow
to the banks of the Ningti, where it was expected that favourable
opportunities would offer of carrying the war into the enemy's
country. 'rho rand from the river to Ummerapoora is said to
present no difficulties to the advance of an army.

It appears by the accounts from Alexandria, that Egypt
is precisely in that state which might be expected from the
unenlightened policy of the Pacha. The products of the
country, exported last year, fall short of those in the pre-
ceding year by about one-half. To this the scanty over-
flaw of the Nile has in part contributed; and it is be-
lieved, in consequence of this, that the cotton crop will
also fall short one-half of that of the preceding year. All
these causes are likely to produce a considerable defal-
cation in the revenues of the Pacha, and it is believed that
his vices respecting the Morea have undergone, from all
these eircumatances, a very considerable change. The as-
sistance which he will lend in future will probably be con-
fined to a few detachments of irregular Turkish militia.

'CVe were enabled yesterday morning, on the arrival of
our Express, to confirm the report that we gave in a
Second Edition of this Paper on Saturday, relative to the
close of the Westmorland contest, by the retirement of Mr.
aROUG HA 11 j and to-day we give the details of the circum-
stances at the conclusion of that election.

The Elections of Ireland, it appears, are contlucted with
a still greater share of the democratic spirit than these in
England, and they have been productive of still more
lamentable consequences. In these ca,-;, however, the
ion of lives has been occasioned, not by the military, but
by the populace themselves; and the cons( quence may be
considered as a pretty clrar proof of the effects which
might have been produces(' in this country by the turbu-
lence of the people, if the armed force had not been held
disposable, to restrain tin it license.

%.1T Y, oiONDAY EVENING.

Consols opened at Pi, and after considerable fluctuation closed
at ; but the Foreign Market was the principal scene of action this
morning. It continued in a state of extreme agitation. All the
stocks of the New American States are at a further decline of 2 to
:t per cent. ; Colombian from have ftll.•n to 27i1, ; Mexican 414;
Brazilian to fto ; Bnenes Ayres fill; Peruvian 22 ; (Milian 32.
In other Foreign Stocks the fluctuations were trivisl.

Bills to a large amount, drawn from South America on the vari-
ous mining naguchtions in this country. have lately been returned
without acceptance, to the great inconvenience of the parties, who
had relied on their being duly honoured, and-to the ruin, without
douV, of iitvrerous Louses in !Smith America who have endorsed
such tills.

v•-
