1•'•

1.. .. .

• [Frost Ibe " Jnosneall

CAPE OF GOOD HOPE.

• • .That full and precise information, in regard to
• /Se Ciilony above mentioned, is wanted by the
1 • t 14 large, id 11 time when a pecuniary grant
of diet Lasso ref Consinons, and the itsliniations of
• -')4*-314kety•tr Government, have turned the thoughts
vif-sweltittsdes to emigrating in that direct , will
'no! be Aniied; and this want is the more apparent
Nog' ttie
.fact, thmt tumid the meagre, though, in
•
'on.. ihoonces, sofficitistly boastfol contributions.
.• w on. the spur of the occasion, the press has
. • bilherto offered, none hut the f.sir *ids of the pie-
knee has been exhibited; no dist-fit:limiting hood has
!h9en Itretehed firth, to nepenthe the hail from the
lrftenl, too warnieg voice lifted up. to forbid tin.
Toindrii expectation, nor prevent improvident
v.-riture. Ut. Nfajesty's Government has propowed
' _emigration to the Cope of Good flops., sod brine.
'fishily the press hes seemed rvixiou. only to stimu.
lets the appetite for the undertaking, without re-
-tf.reiece either to the difficulties or the evils In he en-
-,colintereil abroad. or to the mistakes, amid even the
,bowels, which are to be apprehended at borne.
The features of les. agreeable appearance, which
The intended English settler should contemplate,
befyre lie resolves -on departure for the Cape, and
espeeinlly before he enters into any engagements to
teike end, are not few. mud 'hall here, iu part.. be
f•wersilly, though brit fly, pointed out.
Tke VONIVE —The dancer; of • re...age, is a crowded
'Nye, nerves the fi'aptator, and to the southward of il, i• Ihr
. roger,. mason (141ervember, December, and January), tenet
Pot he enwrloulted.
Clittsate.—Aomething too lunch has probably been te-
Prrally said, concerning the rxrrlieure of the climate of the
✓ape of Guod Hope, especially in reference to the bodily
nal mental exertions of European, placed under its to-
ff-tromp.

3. Lesson.—All the Labour, at present performed in the
•ccleasv, proceeds from persons of colour, either llottemot
a 'tints, or Malay or African slaves. This fact is of im-
portaiire in an infinity of views.
1. Iflifiarstionrers.—lt is by no means certain that Er.
conatitotious are phy•ieally competent to the per-
f... mama of bodily labour at the Cape ; hut, independently
of this doubt, there twirls mare then one moral difficulty in
Ma war. lo all agricultural settlements, in all countries
wh, re the quantity of !and and spontaneous products of ma.
tore overhalance the population, bodily labour is in dime.
pole; in all countries where slavery subsists, bodily labour
is in-peculiar contempt ; at the Cape of Good Hope, it is
known 1J be undeniably so. The whites do nothing. Every
white math, however poor, and however wretched, prefers the
endurauce of those evils to labour, and especially to servi-
tude. Thom, a labouring mats in England. continuing to he
a labouring man at the Cape, will find the hardship of his
lot crossiderably aggravated.
5. Cepilal.—The price of Wane at the Cape, whether
performed by slaves or by free persons, is exceedingly high;
a consideration of great importance to the capitalist. If
curb an one shoeld attempt to rein,sly the evil, by carrying
tied tabourer. front this country, the circummanews re-
ferreoo in the preerdiag paragraph will involve him in end.
less libubk. The labourers will find, at or sum" after their
arrival, that they have agreed to what they in no reaps et un-
derstnoil: they will moire to be masters; they will 111111/iie re-
strain., aul they will prefer living with the Hottentots or
Ciller.. in a state of independence, to living with their bro-
ther Europeans in a stet, of servitude.
11. Lands —Many dillicitlties will present themselves to
elpitalists, in the obtaining of lands suitable in point of
attention, and sufficient in point of extent; difficulties for
obis+ the state of the surface, and the character of the cli-
mate in England, can in no wise have prepared them; but
when (as it is said to be the case) unfortunate and ignorant
persons suffer themelve. to be indented, in this country,
for three or four years service, at the price of receiving 25
arras of land at the curl of the term. no wombs can express,
with ..Ifirical strength, the grosiass of the imposition.
T ace:, .five acres of land, iu the Colony of the Cape of Good
ll,•pe, most, in almost every case, he worth nothing of all.
Ti.e person," says a circular letter of Earl Bathurst," under
:,,rac direction a party of Settlers proceed', is at liberty to
seem,. their services by any legal agreern• lit into which they
may shish proper to enter." This paragraph unavoidably
vitiate to • system of shish many ignorant speculators and
same bid minds will certainly take advantage. We have al.
reads heard, in England, of rellemplioners sad trAile dares in
l'irited Staten of America ; are shall now hear of them at
I Cape of Guod Hope. These legal agreements" will be
found cruelly oppressive; the servants will Hy from their
euetriets, and the appeal will he to—Dutch laws. His Ma-
jesty's Goverionient, so far from lending its countenance to
'new. " legal agreements," ought to provide equitable Belief
t w the deluded victims of them, by proposing to Parliament
n Bill for rendering null and void all contracts for service
wthin the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope, either forma-
l* ", a virtually entered into, by any person, not being a
iconer of the Cape, in Europe, or eleswhere, at any time
c :ilia two months after his first arrival at the Cape; pro-
taded abeam, that if, in pursuauce of any sal' contract, any
errs ice shall have been actually performed, then the servant
shall be entitled to recover under it a proportional part of
hia mipnlated reward.
7. Want of :Varlets.—Want of markets, and of means
of conveyance to market, form another subject for the me-
eons runaideration of the capitalist; and these evils, to
wibatswer cause they may be owing, are confined to prevail
at the Cape of Good Hope. Here, too, it stems proper to
&waive, that this sod other sources of the inaction, and
so'ser consequent causes of the addiction to vices, for which
t',, resent colonists are so loudly blamed, will, there is too
11111411 reason to fear, be found equally to oppress Cog-
stud ultimately to produce a large share of simile-
city in the character and conduct of all the settlers, of what-
ever nation. Let it he added, that in all similar specula-
t'ons, the natural fertility of a soil or climate, or the teen.
von*, of any kind, which natme may dlrer, ought to he
nreorruted for very little, except there they are accompanied
hy a demand or market.
ii Lanynaprs arra Manners crf the pretext Colonisls.—The
new settlers camel cepa to find their happiness, nor even
undertakings, iudeparlesal on the present colonists.
•facse arc foreigners, who speak their own language, possess
t brie own manners,•nd profess, with zeal, their own religion.
They have overspread the cottony, though thinly; their
numbers are fast in ing; they are looking out for lands
tar their emu and daughters; their interests are opposite to
t',uw of the new settlers; they Irtve brought duo') upon the
colony the animosity of two oncivil•zed nations, and this
s.losucin of 'biog. enters into the whole companion of their
serial. The Dutch and German languages must he learned
ws the new settlers, which latter must become Dutch and
I. mans themselves; for it would contradict all experience
ta ?epee that the imitation will take place on the side
of the old inhabitant,' and the majority, instead of that
of the new itihabotatits and the 'minority. Mr. -Buechel',
▪ or.ler, who dram dies himself as having travelled iu
the hark country of the Cape, loopier. to Obviate some
of these ohject.ons, by Collecting the Enlist. settlers
'On a separate community, use the banks of the Sem-
v.., River; but that .country, in which Mr. Borchelt, as
le :feria us, found only inoffensive and friendly native.,
nouns he approached but through a region which the Dutch
her, been obliged to abandon, use lICCOVIIt et the hostilities
art the exasperated Biwjesmans.
4 fil'eselify of the Menses —That part of thoColoioy of
Good ''-sir respects, miss'

perpetration and provocation of which the new settlers are
equally innocent, but of which they must bear the comae-
immees.
to. Government entsf /.ears.—Tf every other uhjeetinn
were removed, three wottlil stilt remain one, of softie magni-
tude, when the question regards the removal of Englishmen
into a country where the form of government allows of
nothing in common with English liberties, and where the
laws, whether better or worse, are, for the most part,
wholly different from those under which they have been
born and fired. The Cape has no bowie of asumbly, no
freedom of the war, nor no trial by Jury; no consent
of the governed to laws either of police or of ee
Though swayed by the British sceptic, it participates neither
in the Mitts!' Constitution, sine in the British laws •. Some
of its laws, the diversity of whirls, Irons she British, is here
spoken of, come home to the nom: ordinary incidents. of
life, and press for the examinatirm of every individual. The
laws vf msrriay.e and divorce are of this lumber. Divorce,
are obtainable for causes stoihearil of in this country; and
it is open In 1111 principl.l emigrant husbands, having first
removed their wives to the Cane, to obtain divorces Nam the
ran,t tinexpectcd cr ris. Taos., is all issue views of the
Cape--of the coustroction of its soriety, as well as of the
quality sit its sail and climate; of is. Imigusge, nistiniers,
VW rf noir sit , and law.; it is a foreign conntiy, and
nut mei (sly a rl.stant pmt ddddd of E,17.11,11 territory—An linglesls
colony, sorb as the II “inforgnrd will doubtlessly esteem it;
and, to crown all, this forci;:n roontry is the actual theatre
of foreitzn and ferocious wars—wars in the origin of which
Envlichmen have neither trivets nor received injury, and is •
the emirlasi 111 l of which their hesris are without interest.

11. Time of Deporinre fame Mir Country.—lt remains
only to mite noire of a pat or the arr.ingements of hi.. Ma.
jesty's Govertmtriet c• ncertos...! whirl, is seems difficult to
offer so e•plaottion, and the importance of which, never-
theless, is of the hiThest order; for if the cape really pos.

eemed every allurement, and were accompanied by 1111 sub-
ject for hesitation, still, the proper season of emborholioa
for it would be entitled to the I serious rezarti. In a
postscript to the printed letter which appears to have berm
the first circulated from Downing street, it is raid. 11011 " Ia
order to insure the arrival of the
.settiers' at Ihr cape, al
the higinning of the planting SP'S WWI, the transports will
not have this country till the month of Norm/ter." Now,
the sea of the year, as will be itivii froot more than one
vlatrinrot contained in the Colossi's! Journal, No. IV. an
well rat sillier Rotuma of information, arc, at the Cape of
Good [lope, the exact oppoatte of th•ise in England.
The English autumn is the Cape slaving. The voyage to the
Cape is estimated at three mootits; 111111 ship; salting from
this rottotty in the beginning of November, are, there_
fine, to he exported 111 reach the Cape in the heitititting
of February; that is, at the season of thought; mod her-
rennem, and not at the planting season. The spring
planting season, at the Cape, hieing with F.eptetribti, and
settlers, to arrive at the Cape at that lime, ought to leave
this country in the beginninx of June: for pro•ifi,comilistt the
Comparative Table of the Session., and the Cap. of Good
Hcpe Rural Calendar, eoulainril in the Colowial Journal,
No. IV.; but, for farther proof, hear the words of Mr. Harrow,
in his Preface to his Trarels into the Interior of .son her*
Africa. The passage comprises, besides, some tpulify-
in* remarks on the general character of the Cape, in
respect of IN vegetable riches :--•• In the Mots/ire of
the Cape, as is. most other case., we may pr.dialily dis-
cover the truth to lie its the middle. It oilers 110.
thing very peculiar, either in the isrothactive quality of
the soil, or in its ',rattily. Where there is moisture,
the warmth of the climate promoter; vegetation, without the
preparation of au artificial soil by the •iil of composts at
manures: hence, nne crop of grain in the year may be pro.
eared from the shallowest soil, anti even from sheer sand.
Bat, tonfortsinately for the country, in the hottest smooths of
the year, from the bey illllllllll of December to the end of
March, and sometimes to the middle of April, there retiree-
lp falls a staple shower of rain. In these' mouth, the rer-
dare totally disappears; and the whole surface of the
country piesessis to the eye, either large tracts of white sand,
dolled with sin ivelled Iveaths and other shred's, struggling,
as it were, In maintain the living principle, or regions co-
vered with that brown sickly hoe isi which an angry poet,
with more wit than justice, has dressed Hie surface of that
part of our island to the northward of the Tweed :
" Far as the rye could reach, no tree was seen;
Earth, clad in russet, seorn'd the lively greru'"

"To persons," continues Mr. lirrrow, "arriving from •
long sea voyage, and immediately meeting with most of the
European, and some of the tropical (mils, the Cape meld,
no dont:it, appear a must drlixhifiit spirt ; snit such
perms's, making a short stay, and loaded with refresh-
ments for tkesneeeediag part of their voyage, are apt In ex-
tol and to exaggerate the pliasaniness and the valise of the
country. Botanists, also, sod florists, are so taken up with
the beauty and vast variety of flowering shrubs and bulbous-
rooted plants, that they overlook the sandy 'wiser out
of which they grow, entirely bare of soy kind of grass
and destitute of that verdant turf which is so distin-
guishing a feature of our hippy island. Beautiful as
the heaths of the Cape most unqueidiooahly are, yet those
who have been 'must omerl to look at them 11111111.r.411
in the green-houses of England. where all or must of the

numerous species, and variety of the specie.., are collect►d
into one group, and arranged so as to convey the must strik-
ing erect, would be greatly disappointed if they expected to
meet them, in the manse state of it.rfection, in their stator:4l
soil."—To revert to the plentiwy season, or seasons. it would
he endless to cite authorities for 'hewing, that this, in the
Cape spring, is from the beginning of September to the end
of ,November; while from December to March (the period
within which ships sailing from England in October or
November should arrive) i■ the hottest time nf the year;
the time of summer, instead of the time of planting; the
time of the smith-east winds, which, like the Sirocco of
Naples, relax both the body and the mind; the time when
the plough cannot be put into the g d, and when travel-
ling into the country cambia be performed! The Cape
enottotto begins in March, or even as late as the middle of
April; and, therefore, to meet either thefurmer or the latter
rains, settlers should leave this etticatry, either in the begin-
ning of Jane, or else in the hegiuniag of January.
Coder every aspect, his &West y'sGovernment, in the plan
which it bus adopted for encouraging au accession of settlers
at the Combas taken wpm: itself a heavy responsibility; a
responsibility of which it is not the smallest pert, that it
will And itself called upon to bear the weight of the sins and
mistakes of others as well as that of its own. It will he re.
pro:whed as the parent of every disappoired hope, and the
contriver of every fraudulent bargain; and no long space of
time, it is to be feared, will follow, after the departure
and disembarkation of the Settlers, before it will Anti that
whuls transaction a Aratiifol milaieed of complaint and as..
sure.

several clrcrwistances, it is understood, have bail the ef.
feet of briugissig, for the present, his Majesty's Government
to a pause; and of these, one of the most prominent, as
well as the most easily guessed, is the state of the Gaffe
war. is. this situation of affairs, no emigrants, except
those who claim its pledge as to time, will be forwarded
at the present season, and these, it is said, will be
landed at Cape Touts, where their situation, it may be
vospeered, will not be a very enviable one. Time, then,
being to be gained, let us hope (has hi■ Majenly's Govern.
meal will avail itself of lb. opportunity thus afforded it fur
reconsidering all the details of the design.
London, October 1, 1010.
• See Colonial Journal, No. 111. p. 40, No. VI. p. 310.

Late on Tuesday night last, as Wig. Okay, s postsbny, be.
triaging le the Sono 100, Tewkesbury, 'ow returning from
Worcester with a chaise, in which siere two persons besides
hilltsetr(Ne• Fuller. the conk from the Montagne, Bristol,
nod INt. Cu.. eisafeetiosser. Clifton, near Bristol), the 'mimes
turned trot of the road at Severn Stoke, it being at the time
quite dark. and proceeded until they came toihe bank of the
Wirer Severn, when they saddest,' stepped, soil 00. effort
vrf.the driver could serge them forward* i upon which Obey
got out of the chaise nod in proceeding to Obi Whirs' heads
fell M &wetted,

It.e Cape of Good Hope, *lnch, in other respectsi must be
inw,..eistible fur the reception of the English siettlees, and to
*ljien the views of his Majesty's Gustoimest (infisenced, it
la probable. u well by local policy, as by home Inimanity)
me reliereirli.to be tensed. is exposed to the ravages of the
°sere* on ihresiot, mad of the Swirswisay 4r *del native.
lots, oil the Worth. The colonial (pastels with' dot se too
olyiNl are cot ores, and such MI nisill be rhprpral every.
nipire.,lerfveyrkfOreigOpekrolets and the oureli if She tril ;
ro Herdiroolk of youl.siorare iubistreo,:yogi .open.
ggl+4•
re
'2l JP4doigiue. pi or

to amens* the row, fell We the neer, wawa, drowned.
Foam the niorke of she beer& feat, observed se the follow.
tag it woo osortinined iliot tiny were widths. epty &few
inehri of harryieg the aortae dora ap ioupewhe precipice
into the Water ; in Irbil persengerr and horny mutt
•Whesee sillatred Ho pone sarLioilisly fate whirls betel the Isis-
fproisomisoireree. Tb. Wily of Obey sea Orked'llp on the
klies4higlppaeowepialar-she &tit spot, moods Ceiroirerli /wry
cctscned a verdict of--,AcriiknhiT Death. ,
