CHILE.

dr—
A United Staten' Paper, of the 3(1 in-
forms of the arrival of the frigate Diomede. of
Buenos Ayres, with news from the: part of Ame-
rica. Amm,g other articles, it copies the two fol-
lowing P.m•tamrrtoos from the Supreme Director
of the State of Chile :

PROCLAMATION
i• Of his Excellency Brigsdier.General O'Higgins, Supreme
Director of the Stale of ante, Chief of the Legion of
Merit, ice Ste &c.—To the Spaniards of the Expeditio•
agaluat the Rio de la Plats.
" Spariards—Yoss are about to experience the last moot
ra' the despotism and of the tyranny of your Government, at
the same lime that yore have the clearest testimony of the
goodness of the American*. The Tyrant of your nation, he
who reduced you to the sad conditiou of taring slaves, as the
fewerl of the licriti.m with which you pr.-arrayed for him the
throne stained by his earlier crimes, almadonted by his imbe-
cile cowardice in the moment of danger, sold to tlapoltoo
wit!• the ut 44444 .1 meanness, and afterwards recovered •ith
the violation of every right, on* *ends yon to he interred
on the oilier side of the Atlantic, amidst the horrors of so
otijost war. That Tyrisot, who with the greetrat cowardice
ahnoiloued bin 11311VC country and left you to the mercy of Itl
Ike conqueror, fears not now to send you to be sacrificed in
those woolen.' where they have sworn to live free or to
die in the (lingual. This ought to prove to you that
rile Government values little the dangers to which it
comma:ohs you to expose yourselves. Ask of those who
ron,wunt' yore, Where are now the eleven thousand rem
whdla 'alto din led to Venezuela?—where are more time
thirty eltieh at various periods have been sent
to Mexico?—where are more than eight thousand which
were sent to Monte Video, before that place was takes by
the Patriotic troupe of Buenos Ayres?—where are an many
shoos:mil men sent to Peru?—where, in fine, are those famous
Spanish minim which were commanded in Chile by your
II:. aerate Marco, ()Monts, and Osorio?—ask of them, what
ha. been the result of the last expedition sent to doable
Cape Horn? Let them say how they can now expect to
imtkingate the New World with your troops, seeing that all
the precedents: armed have been insufficient ? If they is.
answer from the heart, they will say, that year king left
laments your sacrifice than that of the Americana; anal
that, wording to his policy, he will consider his throne the
more teepee the greater she oemaber of the Spisbirds 4111
Mc to sinida.ii it.
" Do not, bow imagine that oo this account we poi.
teal in ..40u from proceeding on this celebrated ex-
pedition. Tite free Governments of Chile and Buenos
Gyres, united against that last effort of the common Tyrant,
ilivire that it should he realised as before, in order to wince
to the world that the South Americans have achieved their
indepetod ne• by their writ efforts. And I, as Chief of Ibis
State, totoni, to give to the world a proof of American
gintrovity and justice, declare as follows:
" furry soldier who abandons the Hag of the Tyrant, the
monirill he arrives in the territory of the Rio de la Plata,
without employed his arms offensively against the
rmotiiiisal norm... of Chile and Buenos Ayres, shall he re-
(-riser) under the protection of oar laws, and there shall be
given Lim a portion of land, with the seed necessary to
plant it, and the materials for building a house.
" Every officer who floc* the same shall have • portioo
additional 11, that of the soldier for entity grade which he
ha. above that of Ensign, together with the same seeds and
ruateriola 111 pew liorllore.
Esely officer or soldier who, not being able to abandon
thag, •ball surrender himself prisoner in these Mates,
11,111.11 according to the laws of war; but it must
lie clue rived, that the conduct which the Spanish General,
may observe, shall es the rule.
ii choose, then, Whitten being Aye in America, or slaves
art your native country—between making war as rivilised
1. , s do. or like berbsroila people. Choose, and COW.
plain 1101 of the fate which may front your decision.
(Signed) " BERNARD() O'HIGGINS.
" Direttoral•Palnee of Santiago de aide,
19th of April, 1919"

1, PROCLAMATION

" of his Excellency 134izeilser.Genersi Don Bernardo

trilivriiis, Supreme ID,reeirre of the State of Chile, Chief
of the Legion of Merit. &e. &c. the Liberal's of

Speim, the Partisans of the Cueslifeline.

" Spaniards who combat against the Tyrant of your
native country !—The sailing of the expedition prepared
~ziinst the Rio de la Plata favours your heroic enterprises.
Pi-oft by an typo -.nit, which Heaven, commiserating
sour afflictions, presents to you, in order that you may
!.•,rl from the blood-stained throne of Spain that monster of
iiii.inination, that ungrateful being, cowardly amidst
cruel iu peace, the loner of his people, the
•"anriu of his parents. Imitate the glorious heroism of
Trihitiii, who, in other times, was the terror and the
Por•ber of the tyrants of Spain. Consider the contempt
• its whir+ Spaniards are new viewed throughout Europe,
■rid (wen throughout the world, sunk as they are in slavery
the most hil.nnous and disgraceful. Resolve, as in other

air, you have with au much glory done, rather to die with
ins to your bands thaw suffer t►e ignominious yoke. Your
forts shall be aided by the Austrians, who, the moment
se have • sea-port in your power, will supply to you every
ssistance you can possibly require. You shall have the aid
i oar iniuteers anal our ships of war; we shall supply the
tissue, and the monitions or "bleb yon are in want; and
414611 all contribute, in such manner u we eau, to the
e•e►ablialnueat of liberty in both Worlds.

(Biped) " BERNARDO O'HIGGINS.
Dinttoral Palace of Salvino de Chilc,
1918 of April, 1819."

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LON DON,
FRIDAY. Scrrausza 3, Isl 9.

Never, we believe, on any former occasion, did
Palace-yard boast a Irublir• Meeting more noun.-
roue, more orderly, and more respectable, than
that which was assembled there yesterday, for the
purpose of expressing a general sentiment of indig-
nation and sorrow at the unprovoked and unmanly
outrage committed by the Magistrates of Man-
chester. The Meeting or yesterday, consisting as
it did for the greater part of respectable and well-
dressed people, may with confidence be held to
have represented the feelings and opinions of the
majority of the inhabitants of Westminster; and
never were stronger or less equivocal mark• of
unanimous approbation uttered, than burst from
the crowd when the speakers successively censured
the ccoduct of the Manchester Magistrates and
yeomanry, and when the Resolutions embodying
this censure were proposed for the adoption of the
Meeting.—/For the Speeches and Resolutions we
refer to another part of oar Paper.)
Sir FRANCIS BURneTT, as Chairm in of the
assembly, opened the business of the day in a
speech replete with sound sense and good feeling.
The Han. Baronet di-played the noble integrity of
an ingenuous mind, end proved himself superior
to every feeling of personal displeasure, by prate-
in, as it well merited. the conduct of Mr. HUNT
in his personal conflict with the Manchester
Magistrates. Never. we believe, on any farmer
occasion, was the dignity of the Bench so ill sup-
ported as it was by these Gentlemen on the final
examination of Mr. HUNT; and never, we fervently
trust, will such a huntiliatino again befit! it.
Unfortunately for themselves, they had to con-
tend with one who was well capable of turning
their mingled indecision, ignorance, and precipi-
tancy to his own advantage; but it was otherwise
fur the cause of public freedom in this country,
and since fortune by some strange vagary has in-
volved that cause with the question of HUNT'S pee•
Donal wrongs, it was well that in him ■ man was
found capable of exposing the absurdities into which
