I

1

I

.

11‘ 0,

. • • - •
fitircua. the Captain marred the tillers to be haeteJ up to
tNe stud-arm of the Admiral's ship. -
• We learn friars the prisoners whom we have redeemed,
031 they were cruelly deceived by the promises soil oaths
of mammy with which the Turks accompanied the firming
dawmineiner forgivesess from the Sultan which were mot. to
thews is the mountains where they hid tikes refuge. As
a.ous as they desceuded into the plain suit laid down their
arose, this, simmers fell upon them, and having massacred
par', dragged the nit into slavery.
4M. Diplom, who also limited to the word or the Captain
lraeltu, 'rim the dupe of this preteeded Turkish menesty,
u.htch hay east the life or liberty of so many unhappy
chriut;an..sed he is now iscoosolable at it.
is Our Oriental Spectator speaks also of divisions between
the Cal'mite suit Orthodox Gem ks. This statesman also is
fake. The truth is, that some agents endeavoured to pro.
doer n division with was theiogla favourable to the politi-
co! •)esem of she day. Bet their esdeavoors failed, sad the
;s their pereerutios. 'sake oo distineissa between the
trio religiose. At Scio the churches of the Catholics have
• limo peaseeel sod burst sa well as those of the Greeks.
The es,nr -breeds ofbuth have likewise ken profaned. Only
the cir, pel ar the Consulate has bees respected.
FRONTIERS OF loot.paivia. Joni 16.
ArcaHog to she latest accomula the Turks begin again to
consin;l the ricotta excess in the Priscipslities. At Jassy
they demanded e‘traordmary contribution+ ill corn and
mom", throsteallsg to bore down all the test of the city.
'%ith reseal to the Oak se rather the .on crocus.
iyuof the Priucipstities, all remains exactly wisest it was.—
Irmaskfort Paper., July 5.)

TEE BRITI S II PRES S;

LON DON.
SATURDAY. JuLY 13, Isc22.

The omendosents of the Lords to the new Mar-
riage Bill occupied the attention of the Now of
Commons for seine time last night. There was a
Petition presented incidentally to the discnsaion
from Mr. A. CHICIIEsTER, who complained of thef
loss he mind sustain by the effect of the Bill is
rendering the Donegal marriage valid. This

is one of the shocking evils which has grown
aunt of that unhallowed interference with the. sa-
cred obligation of the nuptial vow by the Act of
Geo. ll.—an enactment which certainly could never
,hsve taken place if the living oracles of the civil
Lw had been properly consulted—an ens.:tment im-
pelled forward with merciless zeal as to the moral
interests of society. to appease the affronted
pride of the Minister for the time being. The
complimentary acquiescence of the Legislature
in its' sympathy with the outraged honour of the
Piemier, has been wofully visited upon their pose
tezity. We say nothing of the depravity iutrodnced
among the community at large by loosening the
liesuf affiction naturally awakened, sod encouraging,
by the removal of every responsibility, the most dis-
solute stratagems of seduction. It is only Deers-
aary to remark the pest spread in the intervening
.period among the fortunes and honours of the
claws that Act was to beftiend. The plague, as
Lord WIESTKORLAND welt espreased it, seemed to
have broken out among them. The fairest matches
um been voided for want of some of the intricate
butts of form contained in that rashly-begotten Act,
.frequently for want of the mere evidence of the forms,
which were, in all but a legal sense, known to have
been complied with. Again, what can be more re-
pugnant to generous natures, such as Mr. Ca lex ZS-
?Pa is known to possess, than to be obliged to pur-
sue a right grounded on the defects of their own
kindred and ancestry—to blot the escu'chesns
from which they expect to have glory reflected on
themselves ? On the other hand, it is to be re-
gretted that the repeal does not operate more

slowly. Few estates in this country are entirely in
possession of the holder.. Most of them are anti-
cipated, and wherever there is a remainder of any
kind, it is generally the ground. of some credit
already obtained, or of some expenses already laid
out. The Amendments were agreed to by a ma-
jority of 104: the numbers being—Ayes, 122;
Noes, 40.

Our readers will observe with satisfaction that
Mr. •1111CROMBY has attended in his place, and
been enjoined by the House not to prosecute the
quarrel with his uottbern antagonist., whose works
were cited in Parliament on Tuesday last. Lord
A LTHORP, who had been consulted by Mr.
A SCIICROUBT, stated the circumstances which had
fortunately prevented the disagreeable issue then
anticipated. His Lordship was not in that part of
Northamptonshire where Mr. A BERCROSIBY ex-
petted to meet him. When they got to Ferry..
bridge, they learnt what had passed in the House,
and perceiving that there could be no meeting of
the nature they intended (as Menzies would cer-
tainly be in custody before their arrival at
Edinburgh), his Lordship persuaded his friend
immediately to return. Thus have the effects
of one crime been spared. it would be un-
just to press any remarks on the parties who
0151' to be called to amerce their offences at the
Ilrar of the House on Tuesday next. They ere
entitled to the mercy of forbearance till then,
thoogh they have shown little of the disposition of
mercy themselves. The Courier remarked, with
great pleasantry of unconsciousness, that one thing
had been agreed to by the Opposition, that there
should be no mere bellying. He would have been
happier if he had said, the Ministry had adopted
that opinion. Will he tell us at what time
bullying bus been the practice • of party writers
before the Beacon tribe of authors undertook to
rectify the public taste and morals by their obscene
scurrilities t Truly we congratulate him and hi*
masters on the return of the politeness of the Noble
Marquis, who seems to be willing now to rely on

morality and the lidos for npliolilling the reeved of
the. Government, rather then trost—as he once
seemed a little di.posed to do—tu the' most in-
decent and immodest advocates that ever undertook
the support of public measures or public men.

Mr. BnoGDEN last night brought op the Re-
port on the resolutions granting pensions to the
inferior nts of the late QUEEN ; • list of them
wee given in our Paper of Wednesday last. The
sum total did not amount to 3,0001. a-year—mode-
rate enough sorely for the household of the Queen
of ENGLAND. Mr. STUART WORTLEY suggested,
that it was usoel on the death of a Queen to grant
pensions to the higher as well as the inferior ser.
vents ; and in the course of the conversation to
which this remark gave rise, the meritorious services
of Lady ANTIC HAMILTON and Sir WII.GELL were
particularly noticed. We fear, however, that these
services will go unrewarded, except by the pleasure
which the parties must ever derive fr...m the con-
sciousness of !iving, with courage and fortitude,
done their duty to their unfortunate Mistress. it
appears that the wages of her MAJESTY'S inferior
servants were in arrear et the time of her death,
and that she did not leave assets to pay them.
4

~.•Paris Papers up In Tuesday have ►eached town.
nifty contain no additional particulars respecting
the late conspiracy at Colmar. The Journal des
Debate gives the cumtnencement of the proceedings
respecting the conspiracy at BeMut, before the
Court of Assizes at Colmar, on the Sth inst. This
conspiracy was discovered and defeated in the be.
'ginning of the present year, when a similar attempt,
'With' l►ke result, war made at Saumur.

We find, with deep ►egfet, in the Papers from
'lrelatl, up to Wednesday inclusive, received at our
Office, that the sceicity daily increases in the south-
western districts. with the approach of the critical
period between the old crop and the new.

Extract from a Letter from Calcutta :

" The wisdom of Lord Hastings's measures bag been
evinced in every depariment of the public service; in ~,,, .e
probably is it more evident than in forming the Board of
Customs, Salt, and Opium. He selected a• members two of
the ablest and most efficient men is t►e Civil service, Mr.
%meet Swinton, as senior and acting president, and Mr.
Larkin. as junior: the first long known for his intimate
knowledge of every branch of the commercial department,
and particularly distinguished by the extraordinary reform he
has introduced is the I Custom-houses placed under his
charge, his indivislital exertions having increased the
revenue between two and three hundred thousand pones&
sterling. The jettiesr member was many years member of
the Boned of Trade, and uld Marine Board. The joint effssris
of these Gentlemen taste liaised the revenue in every branch
■tiler their control. The sail sales now yield the epos manna
net revenue of 12427,000 vivre rupees., upwards of one mil.
line live headrest and forty thousand pounds sterling. The
opium, 9,616,000 sire' rupees, or upwards of one outline
two hundred thw•aod pounds sterling, while t►e revenue by
resume is daily increasing ; and all visiting the port of
cults' acknowledge the facilities they find, through the lode-
fatigable exrrtions of the members of the new Bossed.
The Court of Directors are so sensible of the advantages
devised by these zealous public officers, that they hare lately
placed the marine department under their laimediate con-
trol, and frost t►is measure most beneficial effects are anti.
cipated. Lord Hastiegs ►as always been marked for hie nice
discrimination of chiracser."

Letters from Berlin state the arrival of the Rus-
sian General Demidoff; some ssy that he is come
with a minion, but others dist he is only travelling
fur his pleasure.
THE Fu II DS. —The market yesterday continued
very steady. Consols were 801 81 for Account,
and 8111 for August ; Reduced, Pb ; 4 per
Centro. 97if ; New 4 per Cents. 98 g 7 ; 31 per
Cents. 91; Long Annuities, 20 11-14. Foreign
Srcurities ; Spanish Bonds, 62M; Old ditto,
6311; Danish, 851 86 Ex. Div.; Prussian, 871 ;
New ditto, 86if.

Charleston Papers to the 16th last announce the
arrest of WILLIAM BORTHWICK, fur whose appre-
hension s large reward was offered by the proprietors
of the East Lothian Bank, of which he was cashier.
He was taken into custody on the 7th ult. at
Savannah, where he arrived in the Juno, from
Liverpool. A portion only of the money with
which he is charged to have absconded has been
recovered. It is said that he had deposited Ik.
principal part in Europe, payable to his order.
EAMTIQUAEM.—On the night of the Bth of May,
at Wilmot twelve o'clock, a severe shock of an
earthquake was felt at Jago de Cuba, which lasted
about 30 seconds, and was so severe as to injure the
buildings, the Walls of some of which fell. The
inhabitants fled into the streets. expecting another
Shock would take place, but there was no return of
it as late as the 12th.
On Thursday afternoon the 4th instant, during
a ;revere storm, the church of Edutouthorpc. in
Leicestershire, was struck by light ' g. Tire fane
was precipitated from its situation, sod the clock
shattered to atoms. The parish clerk, whilst walk-
ing in the town street. bad a remarkable escape
from destruction; his eye-brows were singed and
his face was burnt by the lightning, but he sus-
tained no other injury.

From an official return to an order of the Howse
of Common., of the produce of the assessed taxes
in Ireland fur the last twelve years. it appears
that the net produce of the year ending the sth of
April, 1811, was 405,7991. 9a. 10(14 of the year
1812, 400,6271. 31. 81d.; that it went on increas-
ing until the year ending sth April, 1816, when
it was 706,9621. 16a. 5d.; that it thence continued
to decrease, and in the last three years was—
For the year eadiag Alb April, 1820.. €31,41161 •
_9

_ . •
Ditto dill; MI.. 3111,1t1 19 10
Ditto ditto 1824.. 337,119 14 9

We understand that all the banks of this place
have followed the example of the Bank of Eng-
land in discounting at 4 per cent. This measure
must necessarily have the effect of reducing the
rate of interest allowed on deposited money. which
we fear will be attended with more disadvantage to
ooe class of society than all the good which the low
tate of discount is likely to do to the mercantile
iatereat.—(lldielurgh War./

57 12
• ,t•k,....... C2\lo Vii,,, $ 7,44:„ 0
---•-,.., *T.t:l4
......;:,-"\7.-/---.,,-.4) S nOW
-...71

FASHIONABLE NOrarieNr&

Th. Duke and Melt's. of Rolland and family left
Chevyley Pork yesterday for their seat, Belvuir Castle, Lei-
cestershire, for the seams.
The Duke of Portland left Newmarket yesterday for his
sent, Welbeck, Notts.
The Duchess of Portland, Lord John Bentinck, and the
Ladies Beutinek, have left 'ono fur Hastings, S .
The Duke of Devonshire is expected in town in abort
three weeks from the Continent.
Lord and Lady Stewart and suite are expected to leave
town on Monday mitt for Vienna.
Sir Thomas and Lady Adana end family left Warren's
Hotel, Resent-street, yesterday for their seat near Exeter.
H. Beekfot d, Esc; and family left town yesterday for their
seat, Misley Hall, Essex.
Arrivals at Blake's Hotel, Jermyn-street :—Mr. Daven-
port and family from their seat in Staffordshire i M►. and
Mrs. Dashwuod front Tunbridge. Mrs. Connell and family
Live left fur Ireland.

Departu►es from the St.latoes's Hotel, Jerseys-street
Lady Vase and Sun fur Warwickshire; the Lord Chief
Baron of Ireland fur Irelaud; sail J. Russell, Esq. for
Paris.

Departures from the Pollan Hotel, Piccadilly:—Sir A.
Duo. Bart. for his scat in Scotland; and Lady Junes for
Brighton. _ _ .

Arrivals at the Clarendon Hotel, Bond street : Lord sad
Lady De Vesei Fiona their neat in behind; Lord W. Montage
and Major Gould front the West Indite.—Lady Fielding has
lift ditto fur Warwickshire.
