HA MBEIRGH MAIL.

JIM 29.
DEATH OF TIIE QUEEN DOWAGER OF
SWEDEN.

The Queen Dowager has survived her late con-
sort only four umiak'. •od • half.

Her Majesty, Ilidewig Elizabeth Charlotte,
Queen of Swaden and Norway, born Duchess of
Sleswiek Holstein, Ste. &rt. died here in the Royal
Palace, on the eveuing of Saturday, the Ruth of
June, after a long indisposition, which terminated
in a violent Attack of spasms, to the great affliction
of his Majesty our most gracious King, of her
Majesty the Quern, of their Royal Highnesses the
Crown Prince and the Princess Royal, of the

now.inisembled Estates of the Kingdom, and of all
his Majesty's faithful subjects.
The King, who seldom suffered a day to paps
witl t seeing the Queen, and who generally spent
the evening with her, and on every occasion 'hewed
a truly filial attachment to her, seems deeply sen-
sible of this new loss.

Ger Majesty was niece by tl►e father's side to
King Adolphus Frederick of Sweden, daughter to
Frederick Augustus, Duke of Holstein Oalenhurg,
Prince of l.ubeck, who was married to
Ulrica Frederica of Hesse Cassel, niece by the
fatl►vr's sitle to King Frederick I. of Sweden. She
was born March 32, 1759, sod married at Wismar,
January e 2, 1774.
Since the year lel I, foreign travellers have been
prohibited from coming into the kingdom, without
having first obtained a Royal license. Orders are
now gimp, that foreign mechanics also, after hav-
ing been examined in the nearest frontier town,
shall wait for a Royal license before they proceed
into the interior; and that, in general, every Co-
o-riper must be provided with a passport from the
Swedish Ambassador. Consul. or Agent, in his
country ; which Ordinance shall begin to be en-
forced three months after the publication.
American vessels are now taking in large quan-
tities of iron at Gottenburg.
At the beginning of this month immense masses
of snow still lay in the woods of Eldlecarlia, and
against most of the fences drifted snow of a great
depth. The waters were so swelled by the melting
of this snow. that, for example, • dam raised a
month ago, half an elI above the usual highest
watermark, has been washed away.

WILNA. JUNIN 12.

Ills Majesty the King of Prussia arrivrd here on
the loth, under the name of Count Ruppin. and
alighted at the Royal Palace. His Majesty viewed
several of the churches mid other public buildings.
The city was illuminated in the evening. His Ma.
jesty proceeded next moruing on his journey to
Moscow.

WARSAW, JUKI 22.

The funeral service for General Dombrowski was
performed byre ou the 17th with great pomp. The
vestries dok►ris, adorned with trophies and stand-
ard*, veils composed of signs and armour. and upon

LONDON,

SATURDAY, JULY 11, ISIS.

The Paris Papers of the 7th (Tuesday) arrived
last night. The follovviug are extracts :

PARIS, JULY 7.

The King transacted business yesterday after
breakfast with the Duke of Richelieu, Iris M -
Mater fur Foreign Affairs, and after mass with the
Minister of the Interior and General Police. At
three o'clock he took a ride in an open chaise in the
forest of Manly.
Their Excellencies the Duke of Richelieu, the
Minister Plenipotentiary of Austria, and Count
Palmela, the Ambassador of Portugal to the Court
of London, had • conference with the Duke of
Wellington. Their Excellencies, accompanied by
the Noble Duke, afterwards visited the English►
Ambassador.

The Five per Cent. Consols were yesterday 75 f.
Bauk Actions 1.6371.

A Hemsburgh Mail arrived last night, with
Papers of recent date. The Continental' Sove-;
reigns have been, since the end of the war, in con.
'taut motion. The Emperor of RUsSIOA was eX.
peCtPd at Moscow, on the 10th last. Time KiuK
of I'aUssll had arrived at Wilna, for the .awe •
destination.

German Papers have arrived at our Office. The
Allgenseine Zell's% contains a long article, to
which we beg leave to direct the notice of our ina-
nufacturing friends, in which the superiority of the
German and Swiss tuininfactures is positively as-
serted over those of Great Britain. %V shall not
presume to express an opinion upon this point, hot
shall merely remark, that if such be really the case,
there no longer exists any pretence for manifesting
so strong a jealousy against British manufactures as
the Continentslists have displayed since the termi-
nation of the war. Our merchants may now be ad-
mitted to their markets, and to engage in a compe-
tition with the manufacturers of Switzerland and

Germany, when their articles of commerce are so
decidedly inferior to those of their rivals.
An article from Stutgard mentions. that the
Government of Wirtemberg never adopted any
coercive measures to restrain the spirit of einigra.
tion from that country, and it is well known that
Wirtembergers formed a large proportion of the
Europeans, who, during the two or three last years.
sought in such large bodies the shores of North.
America. It appears that many of them had also
been induced to exchange their comparatively free
Constitution, for the slavery of Poland, Russia,
and the Crimea. Emigration isseltioin resorted to by
any man possessing in his own country themeaus of
livelihood ; it therefuic must happen that the great
majority of those who seek after the imaginary wealth
of distant lands are, on their arrival in the country
of their adoption, wholly incapable of making eiiy
exertion, nod finding themselves in greater
than before, they direct their wearied steps 11,,na-
wards, and return to their native scene* with the
accumulated misery of a double emigration. Such
must be the results to the generality of the lower
classes of the people, who depend upon their daily
labour for subsistence; and though we think they-
should not be prevented by strong measures (mar
what they would call " seeking their fortunes;
we hold it that he is neither their friend, nor the.
