ftorol,
Hie Grace the Duke of Buc-

clench,
Tile Alarquis of Molly,

ITILWA

Turd Viscount Melville,
Grneial .lasne% Ralluvrr
Culoud John Bailin.,
Alexander Fraser,
Alexander Frazer, Eaq.
Lieuthinia Edwarallordou,
Rear..tdosipal Malkett,
Callum; Joon Lucia,

Tickets, 211 each, In he hail of the Slew*Ma; of the Se-
en tary, at the Hall, Cranr-court, Fleel-street ; and at the
Bar of the Tavern.

--- ---
FREEHOLD COUNTRY RESIDF.NCE, with (►flices,
Gude*, seven Acres of Freehold and Teii Acres of rids
l'srss bolsi Lauri adjoining. delightfully sauced, corn-
vie.. of great extent and beauty, iu every di.
reeti 0000 , nn a dry healthy ►pot, near au excellent Market
Torn), Eleven Miles from lAiiidua, uu the great North

Road,
'lO IT. SOLD BY AUCTION,
BY BURRELL,
At .I:areaway's, on W EDNESDAY, April 2S, at Twelve,
in Two Lots, by oirection of the Trustees of Joseph
Adeltrigitio, C-ei del cease&
Tiiiti Valuable VIMF.1101.1) PROPEItTY
is situate at Chipping Barlett, in the County of H., I-
ron), awd commands an • terrtiptril and cheerful view of
the rued, the Essex, Kentish, and Surrey Dills, and the sur-
rounding country. The 11.•.,.r, which is respectable, o•-11-
1,411111.1ZA1 heel elpert'v..co, dressing and store-rooms,
incrunne, dining and hiealefast-perlours, two kitchens, ex-
cellent spring and soft water, with every requisite domestic
conveniencits for • fatuity; capital cornering, coach yard,
enclosed with ;cites, Cuarli-house, mill stabling for fine
homes; feria yard, 41tW•lilitiooC, penny, piggrry, and tither
out-buildings; a lawn in front, pleasure-grounds, garden*
planted with Ounce standard and wall.frait Irma, 11/4c.
Tile Estate may he viewed twelve .lays preceding the
Ssle, by tielkets, which, with particulars, may be hail of
311,1r00 lio tindrett, Spoiler, and Solicitors. Temple ;
and if Mr Burrell, 5, Throe toe-street. Particulate
tol,os at the ft ..11 Lion and tirri ti Malt 111111, Barnet ; meet at
a and C5,11....4.1!-coo.
-

2.n, STKAN U.
A LIMN, ODY, anti CO. moat rryeelfrilly
1 il.forwe flJet Pattie, that ilwir PATENT SCI.F-A1).
INC 'I 1.1:SSIIS couliane to he recuititneudetl by all
the moat ens nem SfirZedlill its Town anti Country. The
tpriowi err an cuttAs orient as to whoa of iiicitose or de-
iu "la.. tare y will answer for right v r left side,
wilt t the It r.st i•wonveaticurc to the 'wear', rt (wiring 150
tiw"er • -trap, ue urbrr baistlnae.
Ilw Tractile"). ;rive the houtilir to "apply the Army awl
Navy, the Nraral and llospa.tic, the Dock-yLarda
and Ihallattge, the Alholite lull. y, the oarable il
lathe Curapatt‘, the City of Tru"s Sudety, the 1l:C.).
It -bone, t% ?yeti ..... 1/1.. awl Ucabiklt lab alai or,
the Iliatitetwic
Mattufatiury, 292, gleam!, et a la Galerie plel
Palma Ituvale, No 143, w Trait
N.H.--Terauns tesobitz 111 the r.touhv. 'wailing she rir-
ennttarsice ..I the !wily minesmay depocu4l owe*
11.11 it areurra. iy
gold i.y r 7...1.., No Sickvilloerret, Doh.
hi.; 'lnd ot 11/VCC Dru‘giati. iu "till principal Torts sil
4-.111.11341. 0.
•

NEW LONDON GENUINE TEA WAREHOUSE,
IS, Pirkettonreet, Trntple•bar.
EORG E I:I RT tind CO. W bole/tale Grocer,
tespecifully infOrm the Nobility, G.:niry, and the
Ptiblic, that they have °pew She above Waretionse with
the sole view of supplying to the Public, not only TEAS,
but SUGARS of all kinds, iu their nil genuine stale•—
Jamaica rawa 7d.,1141., and 911.; very fine 10d.; refioed
1241.. 13th., and fine 14d.
TEAS particularly recommended are—Strong Concerns
at Ss. Ital., 6.., ils.4d.; superior rough Savoured Tea at 75.;
fine at B*. ; good Green at Os., 08.041., and 75.; llluum at bi.;
Hyson Kind 95.; Hyoons at los rl.l. and Its.
Orden, by post, immediately attendee! to, and goods sent
to any part, or within ten miles of London, flee of any
charge ur carriage whatever.
G. B. and Co. beg to repel, with indignation, an insinu-
ating. that has ■ppcartd in Papers of some days past—
namely, 0 That Grocer' are altering their fronts to imitate
■ nameless Company... They caution she Public against the
artifices of a few individuals, who are grasping at a mono-
poly to the injury of the fair trotter.
Note-16, is behind St. Clement's Church.
A youth of respectable parents wanted, as au Appreatice.

TEAS MUCH BETTER AT THE PRICE.
LONDON GENUINE TEA WAREHOUSE,
No. 6, LU DG AT E. H I LL,
Established for the SALE of TEAS, pure and unadulterated
as they are imported from China.
FREDERICK SPARROW and CO.. io re.
turning thanks for the decided preference which con-
tinues to he giveu to their Tess, inform their Friends and
the ()oldie, that they have just cleared a general assort-
ment from the EAST INDIA CO3IPANY's LAST SALE,
which will he found to he some of the STRONGEST AND
BEST FULL FLAVOURED TEAS that have been im-
ported for some years; at the same time they rtipiest their
Friends to notice, that their only F.stablishmesits iu the
Metropolis are die three following, viz.
'I he original and principal Warehouse, No. 6, near the
bottom of LUDGA FE-HILL;
No. 139, OXFORD —STREET, between Holles-street and
Old Cavendish-street ; and
No. 2, CHARING.CROSS, two doors from Northumber-
Dud house, nearly opposite the Golden Cross.
County Agents, Dealers, Families, dc. by forwarding
good reinitlauces, supplied upon the most advantageous
tel ma.

GENUINE COFFEES.
DEACON nod CO. of the COFFEE MART,
2, Skinaer.atreet, Suow.bill, London, established by
the British Coffee Planters and Merchants no 1811, take
this opportstuity of appearing before the Public, to retorts
their most sincere thank,. for the patronage and support they
have so liberally afforded them from the eosnmencemeut of
their opening the Coffee Mart, and to assure them, it bas
been their cosistant tautly to sell a truly genuine article un
the most renegotiable terms.
DEACON mid CO. think it necessary to impress on the
minds of the Public, that as the article of Coffee is subject
to greet arinlteratious, it breonste a Matter of importance
to Families and the Public in general to he isiforistril, that
the Coffee Mart was opened under the anspiem of a recpeet-
able body of West India Merchants and Planters, who bad
for their object the introduction of a wholeaume beverage,
at the very lovrest prices the markets would admit of, and,
at the moo time, of genuine and finest quality.
Deacon and Co. Moat the Public will give them melt,
when they confidently swum them, they have at all times
adhered in the priifeasiois they have made, vie.. that of
vending a genuine wholeauene beverage, without the ainallest
adolteratiou or mixt ine of any ini! ore ur kind whatever.
Mewl' Priers--Fine Dota li Curter, roasted, .. per lb 3.;
ditto, my, 2s. Ad.; very ~,, 'l' • ...wed, 2s. Oil ; doom
raw,ts. 3.1.; Floatation ditto, roasted, 2s. BJ.—An Adow..
mice made in taking a quantity.
• Raw and refined Barrie
Deacon and Co. beg to add, they have appointed TOM
resp.ctable Persons, in various parts of the kingdom, aa
Agents for slie sate of their Colreis, and are will .ig to
treat with respectable houses so those towns where there
iq
not at pa r!.ent an Agesi .
termappointed The ti general
oup;thied on the woo ...smoothie . Shipping orders
executed. Goods eareitilly pack..l lint sent to all ;mite of
town aid country with pie monist tispedition. 11..ctleti
ht host punctually att. soled to
b.0.---Tai it doom ftom Fleet•niarket.

Second Edition, with Additions,
The LIFE of WILLIAM HUTTON, F.A.S.S. including
a partienlar Acennut or the Riots at Birmingham in 17:11,
and the History of his Family, written by himself, and pub-
lished by his (laughter, Catherine Mutton.
In the Press, • new Edition of ttttt 's History of Bir-
mutation, with Additions to tlw present time.

This clay is published, the Second Edition, with conmilerable
Alterations and Additions, owl with a new Set of sixteen.
Platys, in three Vole, 12iiio price If Is.
USIEFUL KNOW LF.DGE; or, a Familiar
*groans of the various Productions of biature, Mine-
ral, Vegetable, and Animal, whi.sh are chiefly employed for
the Use of Man. Illustrated with numerous Figures, and
intended as a Work both of instruction and reference.
By the Bev. W 11 BINGLEY, A.M.
Aot low of " Animal Biography."
London : Proud for Baldwin, Cradock, and Joy, Pater.
ouster-row; and Derma, Harvey, aid Dayton, Graecchorch-
sheet.

MEDICINE, stIRGERY, CIiENISTRY, &e.
Published by B Mi. N,CIIADOCK, and Joy, Paler-

noalrr.mw.
PRACTICAL ILLUSTRATIONS of the
SCARLET FEVER. Measles awl Pulmonary
Couaumplion q atilt Observation/. on she Efficacy of Sol-
phortuua Winne in Chronic Compiainls.
By JOHN ARMSTRONG, M.D.
Physician to the Fever Institution of London.

The Secoud Edition, price 14s. hoards.
2. PRACTICAL ILLUSTRATIONS of TYPHUS
FEVER, and other Febrile and InSammatdry Diseases.
By the same Author. Third Edition, enlarged, Sr.. 104.8 d.
boards.
:I. FACTS and OBSERVATIONS relative to the FEVER
called PUERPERAL. By the tame Author. The Second
Edition, enlarged, Sro. St. boards.
4. REMARKS on the Causes, Prevention, and Manage.
menu of She present prevailing EPIDEMIC, commonly
called TYPHUS FEVER, for the use and benefit of the
People. By W. 0. Porter, M.D. Bristol. 111 Ilvo. price
2s. BJ.
5. A MEMOIR on the Formation arid Conneainos of
the CRURAL ARCH, and other Parts concerned in FOnio-
ral and Int:tonal Hernia. Illustrated by three bighly.liiiish.
eil Engravings by Liz HA, from Drawings by J. A. Scholia.,
'Esq. by Robert Liston, F. Bow of Ili Royal Colleges of Sur-
genus of London suit Et!inkwell, Lecturer un Anatomy
and Surgery, &or. In 41u. 7, builds.
6. A SYSTEM of PATIIOI.O6IC,II. and OPERATIVE
SURGERY, roundest on Anatomy; illustratisl by Drawings
of Diseased Structure and Plans of Operation. By Robert
Allan, Fellow of the Royal Colleges of Surgeons of Losdlon
and Edinburgh, Ise. Volume 1. Nor. 12s. Sd. boards, to he
completed in three Volumes.
7. PRACTICAL OBSERVATIONS on the NATURE
sod TREATMENT of MARASMUS, auil of those Dis-
orders allied to it, which may be strictly denominated
Bil . Ity Joseph Are, MD. Member of the Royal Me-
dical Society of Edinburgh, unit of the Physicist's to the
!lowest Infirmary at Hull, Senior Physiciau to the Hull
and Sctilcoates Dispensary, nod Physician in Ordinary to
the Lailig.iii Charily at Hull. In ttvo. ts. boards.
8 ELENI VATS of EXPERIMENTAL. CHEMISTRY.
Ity W. Henry, 51. D. V.R.S. It" The Eighth Edition, enr-
reeisd and I illargette comprehending all the recent Disco-
veries, nod illustrated by nine Plow, by Lowry. lit two
Vold er, $lll/. 11. Ss. boards.
9. An ACCOUNT of the thstory and present
!ateStae of
GALVANISII. By Jubu Oustuct, M Vita. r
I Vs. boards..

AN ADDRESS
70 THE WOUKIAG CL/ISES.

The truly intellirent in Europe end America, by their
silence when publicly called upon, How admit the truth of
those prioriples, Which 1 have rolvorated as preliminary to
the introduction of a new system for the goicntruent of
mankind. liiilierne, nu ind vidual, either in this comitry
or ablilad, apse possesse any kiiiisheely,e of the theory and
practice of governing iron, or of fottilier their character,
has attempted to prove error in any ott,.• of the principle.%
developed io " The New View of Society." On (loaf eXaali-
'Bailin, they are all found to be Natiere's lass, and timeline
utiasem:able.
Yet all men hare term intin'ry been forced ti think and
set as if other notions were War, and. an they have never
seen any part of mankind idareil uudrr are umll mice. in
which they could etch ten thew propel iples which, they are
now obliged tic admit, are /rue iu Ilieoey, they very u.unrally
front past experience conclude that, the principles
of the " New System" are capable of 11* most evident ii.
monstral ion, they cannot lie a pplicit In practice. Atl this,
however, means no more than *lint they who come t ,
conclusion are incompettnt to reduce cowl t pi Mei ph - into
beet facial pi lichee ; and the persona who thus 1,404,1 s de-
cide without havaig sale-lent &Art on a hick to fortis any
accurate judgment, 'could have made the same f.lllll,'M
Wefii tttt respecting any of the meat improvements
science, prior to their introduction. Stich iuJavidu.l. forge t
that It is a modern invent inn tie Cu, Ade one man. with the and
of • little steam, to perform the !Memo of 1,000 men. 'it hat
stolid these unbelievers in hernia impi els mew sae if the
truths of the Coperwcan System sale sem., for the first lane, tic
be tattroluceci to their moire gest sec will lease thi.m to 'woe t
over their melancholy fancied wisilmn, until facts shalt ove is
come their disbelief; fur the time is al baud when they well
behold with ass-misliment the simplicity end bealtiiful web r
of those moreineuts, the combination of alio li they si,,w
deem to be impossible. Yet before this chatiire, no mit,
to he drain d by you and by every either tin..., from tie
highest to the lowest, can he permitted to take lila, e. oe e
fornstdirbk obstacle must be ninon, it, From Ili( y 5
like others, have been made In despise Ind in bate those *lre
differ (ruin you in minuets, Innettage, and seiltiments; yeei
leave been tilled Stith all ittichtr•tAloleurse, e-ot•.r.
tamer, cherish fee hugs of towards yrtir
who have betni placed in opposition to your Met
feelings of anger must be withdrawn before any (betel! ;At
has your real interest at heart can place power in your
binds; yud mold he made to hum.wyunrselves, I.v olio it
novena alone you ems discover vitEtt nth,. men err.
will these distinctly perceive that no retionil te ~,,, Gl'
anger exists, even against those who, by the enure of n e
present system, have Isere made yoeir greatest opiriessors,
and your most bitter enemies. An endless multiplicity ill
circumstances, over which you had te•t the smallest ruidaeli
placed yon where you tie, mutt as ton are. lei the menu
Warne: uth ea of 'oar frilow.meu have been formed by
circumalancei, equally uncoutrollable by them. lei brcrarr-
your enemies anti grievous uppresons. In strict justice
tiny are no inure to be blamed for these minks them you art,
nor yid than they; and splendid as their elite, ior may be,
Goa state of matters often cantles them to suffer eyrie more
poiguantly than you. They have therefore an interest.
Minn( as your., in the change which leatroor to commence
fur the NOM benefit of all, previded wow do inc create a
move forrottlitlite etinalerncling interest on their p.“• t of
which the result nowt be, to prollone the existing memo) ea"
both clam**, and to retard the Public /Posit
frecll7.l..e.aths;.:nsraialaw...:ileinfinspiChisrtiiinutileliyeres•:.‘fi,febew:pk.nairet.birst ittitmh:l4rephrliewe Marcell a evwebl o•
dvitret

p

I

1

violently to dismisseds them of this power, these molts.
sweets, and privileges, is it not evident that they must coot.
liner to regard you with jealous and hostile feelings—that
the coats betweess the rich and the poor will never
have an enil—and that whatever relative chaiores may take
place amongst you, there will ever be the same oppression
of the weak by the party who has attaiued to power' Before
your condition eau be ameliorated this Wellston] sad useless
contest must crate, apd t res must be adopted in which
both parties may have a mibetatilial interest. Then will
anger and opposition subside, and those sreanzensents
which now appear impracticable to the inexperienced, be
carried must easily into practice. And these chaiiges are at
baud; fur a crisis has arrived new in the history of mankind.
The experience of ages has now developed truths which
demonstrate, " That all men have been &iced by the cir-
cumstances which have surrounded them from birth, to be-
come mere irrational and localised animals, and who, in
consericence, have been compelled to thirds and act oil data
directly opposed to facts, and, of course, to pursue mea-
sures destructive alike of their own happiness and of the
happiness or human elitism" Inn, well aware of the feelings
which the developeeinit of this tenth will at first excite in
those who are now deemed rich, learned, and puwerfrel, and
its all those who have Mom taught to imagine that they pos.
sess some knowledge. This treth,however, is not thus declared
unstressary pada on • single human bring ; on
that contrary, It is held up to the light of the world, solely
to thew mankind the fist step of knowledge which can lead
viols to rationality, and out of the ignorance and misery in
which they have hitherto existed. The rim which the de-,
veltipi.notit of this taut tooth most create will
be ransietit, and pose away without real injury to soy
tote, w htle the eruhstatittal benefits which it will pro.
duce will be perpetually experienced by the tribute of
human nature through all sureervlitiK genciationa. It
is from • thorough knowledge of this lrettls, soil of floe
infinite bens ficial rousequrnces which will 'emit Its mom
kind from its being universally itnowo, that I now
tiring it to fore your ds, slut as an shortie, theory
to •1111104 r cptcnlative men, but to chew you the %mile!
sit all the mines which afflict society, and w loth must
he removed, barite your c titbit) can he aim Inn ated.
There is no knowledge except this, which cam make human
nature truly Iwilevident and kind to the whole of the sins.
ries, and. with the ceriuiutr of n InellhelUalltill de iiiii not a-
IM tt , rs NMI' all mils charitable. in the most enlarged and
hest arose of the terns. It will force on the Imolai) maul the
conviction, that to blame mill to hr angry with one fellow-
men All 11W ltdq which exist, is the very essence of folly
still it inimitably, and that notions which tun give rise to
:melt feelings, never (mold miter inn, the composition of any
human hying that had twin once made rational.
Are you then prepired to look upon all your fellow-crea•
till., 111 !mule, :not out of power, rich and lines, II at lied
:Mil olden, ewe), :.roil mid hail, as helots formed solely by the
circumstances of their birth, and who have been made as
I are, whatever they may be, from causes whit It exclude
the possibility of the lIIII3IIest coots ol MI their parts, in the
Gnunhou lif those facilities and qualities they may Memo it
to posters' If pin cannot wee sod prebend this truth,
the:( is liee tints DO yet reeltie for sour debar. Mier Gym the
d, pito. iiieidal kiir•s moil physical misery. tint I
I. 0,1 t• Ina Slow Itto eitruielr for yuu to receive with.
oil y ; fir I have b,cti aadually inwparing you for
'tor: for its reception, awl if the experience which I have
her„ permitted to acquire of human torture does not very
mist le deceive me, it is DOI new • premature disclosure. If
can bear to he told that human beings, possessing
the ultrachic form, and the highest intellectual attain-
to sit 4 n hirh the world has yet seen, Cali justly claim no other
spoellatton thau that of lot anisia•la, peculiar to sonic
of the osmotic, able distsirh Into which irrationality has
the a.is 1.1 your minds can Now comprehend the
pi:at:ldes which place this truth aiming those which are
capable of the easiest di Muustration, then is the hine of
%astir i:eliveranee from mental slavery come, and the period
is approaehing v en you may acquire some title to be coup-
dried rational ercat iir es.

It yes ars in this advanced meant, state, so much lo be
desired fur your happitievv, then you will at once craw to
Marne others for the evils which you sulier--unger, rewriter,
and hatred. elms ci to the v►ry recollection of them, will he
withdrawn from your feeliog.; )on will not longer dis►ipate
all your etterclev iu attemidoic to find the cause of your
iniseries somas say of your fellow-men. and thus destroy
your minds and happiness by cleating uuceasing useless
irritaticu.

Nu : In all mirth' tour conduct will become the very
reverse of this. You will regard all your fellow-inns, with-
diet 'ilistinettios, as beings rho are slim, to heroine your
fsiends, soul active ruasperatorm in the attainment of the
substasiti it hairpieces to which human nature is evidently
destined. You will say to Ouse who are now in posseasiou
'td nitres, honours, power, and privileges, which they have
lanai taught to valor —" 161410 IlltSe in pelted security as
lung a. yaii can hold them in estimation; our whole
essusismt and proceedings shall be a pledge to you that
we will Itt'vir attempt to dispenses' you of any part
ef *them. Nay, while you fall derive pleasure Guns
additional wields, we rill add to that which you now pus-
seas. The eauae of lamest between us will lieuerforth
ream; we have discovered its irratissuality sod utter
ICPSISI tit.. We will nut, except to surplice experience from it,
✓ecur to the past, in which all leave been compelled to set
ass iristioiserpart ; but we will esiuestly apply ourselves to
the future, and having discovered the light of true know.
ledge, we will Imuceforward walk by it." All Ale you may
with eaufideuce my to the higher dames, whose supposed
• gee you sill sumn cease to envy. For, without enter-
hag Ole, contest with them—without infringing on any of
Ilse iinagioary privileges which prior eircuinstaisces have
placed in their hands—a new view of your interests shall
he speedily °rued to you, by which, without interfering
with the rights of soy class, without exciting any focliug of
app.'s*: to your proc►eding., you shall lie enabled to re-
Es re ylioraelves sad your descendants from poverty, from
1:11//filill.f, and from the isinorneraLle causes of misery to
which y 1 have hitherto been victim.. %%lien you shall
Oslo hr enabled IO 111111(71411111d sour real interests, your
will have mi easier for any of the fancied advantages now
possessed by the higher el . Had those who arc of dies
to flee ot the civilised world been, permitted to discover what
Lioness nature really is, they would have distinctly knowu
long ego that, by being raised, as it is termed, to the privi-
leged rusks, they are placed ruder clieumstiosces which ren.
der their successors, except by some extraordinary chance,
ideleasingly useless to themselves and to society. They are
13itglol Gum infancy to gel as itiordinate value on diem•
selves, because they posmas what ire miscalled privileges,
the only iced elYcei of which is hi surround then, by cir-
cumstances whiels 11111161 inevitably make them inure helpless
sod ileprit4l.tul than other men. They are trained from the
cradle (and, Onetime, call for our pity, not blame) to take
pestle to tin wilielyro for purseeiug measures which deprive
tine goat mess of maul sot of the most essential benefits
that belosig to husnan nature, to order that they, a most
toethvottieitht part in moot of numbers, may be distin-
guished by advantages over their fellows. The (Mini
• this absurd Net generates thrunghout society,
keep the whole population of the world in s lower Al.
grey of enjoyment and rationality than must of flee ani-
mal creation : they see the very essence .of ignuraut set.
li•lisirss. Yttll will now
elm-over that there is tlii comparison between the result
sof curb cietedlict and the pleasure to be derived from
the roust active exertions, to give Wall your fellow-creatures
She roue privileges and herself,' which you yourselves pos.
ease, and by ibii means so far increase the aggregate of hu.
moo enjoy lilt 111, that the least gifted member of society will
experience a larger share of cuotioutd and permanewl hap.
1, sees than Lie hitherto talleu to the lot of the most fortu.
nate. 7hr motives whirls lead to the former conduct are
altogether 4 traliourl, sod will not bear the glance of an ell.
1121.7111 rd mind; while those which will compel you to adopt
the I liter are in unison with every sound principle and just
Ist:ling, and defy the most rigid scrutiny to detect in them
soy error. del me, however, gsra►d you against a mistake
which exists to a great extent swung the unprivileged orders.
'the pi milegrel classes of Ibe p►esent day, throughout
Europe, are sent, as this mistake supposes, influenced so
much by a desire to keep you down, as by au anxiety to re.
talli the turatis of meuring to thernselree a condonable and
respectable enjoyment of life. Let thews distinetle yes ceive

4 7:1441:1 'tilt
ou
same

measures whirl' will improve yes, SI fbey assuredly
will, etseutially benefit Man, mug raise them in the scale ut
happiness and intellectual enjoyment, and you will speedily
have their co.operation St carry the troittemplated ariange-
msruts into t Erect. It meat be satisfactory to you to learn
Slut I have had the most evident proofs from many indivi-
duals high in these flames, list they Mier uuw a real desire
to iinprove your rendition: but from the anfertunale situ.-
thin in which they have been placed by birth, !bey eniiiiiii,
of ilienivelves, devise measures by which you cast be belie.
fitted, and their own circumstances improved. buds

changes mast proceed from practical men.
What has been said is arliscient for your minds to digest
at one time. W'heii you are prepared to receive more, it
shall be given to you.
Brett soot what men, with fanciful theories, and without
practical knowledge, may say to you. 1114ny of them, I have
no doubt, mean well Bust he assured that whitever feuds to
irritatiois and violence, proceeds from the most gross igno-
rance of human nature, and 'slues., an utter mexperience
in those piActical measures by which alone society can
be relirveil from the evil. which it has sou long 'offered
My bard intention has lung been to &valise truths which
it is of the utmost importance to the wellbeing of
mankind to make publicly known at this period ; and
I have been gradually preparing the public mist.' to
receive them. Where great darkness ha, ever existed,
a sudden mitosis, of strong light would destroy the
infant pawns of vision. Miles. the most galniary south*,
whet, Hwy are opposed to centuries of prejoiliee, are intro-
duced with doe care to those whose minds have wandered in
a labyrinth of error from their both, the tender grim of
e‘tionulity would likewise pet i.h, and igoormiice and misery
must continue to prevail 110v1 r know/edge and happiness.
As you become acquainted with these troths, one after the
uthrr, your long utilised mind■ will signor strength, and
your tat I powers Kradualty until that knowledge
of human natuue, whirl, now app, al, so incomprehensible
10 you, will do.eusey itself to he as simple us any of the
other Nets which seruuuud you, and with %loch you are •
wow the most familiar.

Whitt 1 hare stated is intruded to prepare the public mind
fur the follow Ong conclusions : •
lat. That the rich and the poor, the governors and the
governed, have really but one itiir re.t.
2d That the notions slid arraosseonents which at present
prevail throughout society, are neve salt, ily ilesto net ive of the
happitiess of all racks.
3J. That a current kilowledie of Inman nature will de-
stroy all *sinuosity and auger among men, and prepare the
way fur new airing' melds, which will be introiltieed without
violetree, and without injury h. any party, and %lock will
effectually lemuve the rause fruits which all the trews and
evils of society now proceed.
Ili. That the higher classes in general nn longer wish to
degrade you, hut in any change dial may be proposed for
roar benefit, they demautl only that advantage% should be
6CCIII lit Mem, at least equal to those which they flow pos-
ses: and this feeling is quite natural; it would be yours
if yOll were in then-situation,.
sth. That you now I/144CPs all the means which are tierce.
Baty to re here yitorsclvis anal )0111* descendants to Ilse latest
profits!, from the sufferings which you. have hitherto rune-
neon d, f • ..cpt the k lIIIW II dge how to direct those means.
6th. That this knowledge is withheld from you only until
the violence sit your it ritatiou against your fellow.men shall
cease; that is, mild you thoroughly understand and nov in-
duesirtol in all your conduct by the principle, "That it is
the CUT 01 birth, with subsequini surrounding
citreumoanct., all forrneoljor the individual (and over whorls
society has now a roinipli Ir coutrol), that have hitherto made
the pact generations of mankind into the irrational crea-
tures exhibited id history, and (n.ilioneil them, up to the
present hour, into Ibuse localized beings of country, sect,
class, and party, who now compose the population of the
earth."

71h, and lastly. Tloki ill* past tree 4.f the world prevent
Ibe history of human irratiotiality only ; and that we are but
uow advaileisvg towards the dawn of reason; and to the pe-
riod when the mind of man ab4ll be burn arm'.
ROBERT OWEN.
New Lanark, 291 h .March, 1819.

. ,
11 that the aus.lwoatiima which you are about b. .
ore out Wroth./ or ealculaird• to inflict ally real lopary
ttom or their posterity; but, us the mmmy, dui else saw
• .
. .
•
