ALGIERS.

PORTSMOUTH, Fen. W.
The arrival of the Camelion at this port, enables us to correct
several inis-atatententx which have been made relative to her visit,
' with the Naiad, to the pun of Algiers. The specific object which
• induced our Government to order these ships thither was, to de.
' ntand from the Gey satisfaction, or an apology, for having made
an attack on and broken open the house of 31r. Macdonald, our
Consul, in order to search for and take away two of his servants,
who are Cabbais, natives of the imerier, against whom the Dry
• hail conituenced a war of exterminatlou end of plunder. Capt.
Spencer was also to demand permission for the English Consul to
hoist the British odours on the f;oneular Town-house, as • pro.
tection of himself and famil from unprovoked insult. (apt.
Spencer, on his arrival at Algiers, found two Spanish vessels in
the Mole, which bad been just captured by the A Igerine corvette
Tripoli, end the crews of which were destir.ed to slavery. Capt.
Spencer, therefore, with the most praiseworthy feeling made the
case of these your captives a pan of his demands to the Dry, agree-
' ably to the Exmouth Treaty, which ref °tinted the right of the
Bey to this iuhtrouu practice over Christian subjects. Capt.
Spencer having waiied four days for the Bey's reply to his de-
mands, because apprehensive fur the safety of the (onsul and his
family ; he, therefore, as a stratagem, to get them on board, gave
out that be meant to give a defrene a la jiterrhelte, and, accord-
, ingly, rent invitations to the Consulate and all the Merchants and
Europeans on shore, to honour him with their company. The next
day (the 31st oh.) the Dey not baring made any reply to the de-
roads, Capt. Spencer made the signal for the Camelion to
get under way, and he left the Bay, with all his pretended
guests, on board the Naiad. Whilst the ships were working
tout of the Bay, the Alin-rine corvette, which had captured
the two Spanish vessels betore alluded to, was espied cleat tinder
the land, running for the 310te, which am-lineage she would have
reached had not the Cantelem instantly laid her on board, when
Lieutenant Bagwell, at the head of a party of the Cemelion'a crew,
resolutely jumped into the main chains, followed by the Snood
Lieutenant, Master, and remainder of the crew, excepting about
ten men, who, alter having killed seven and wounded twelve of the
I Algerines, drove the remainder below, and raptured the Tripoli
; corvette, of Uf guns, and 1011 nien, in fine style. The crew of the
Naiad (which ship was outside of the bay), observing the gallant
efforts of the Catitelion, manned the rigging, and gave three cheers
lat the moment of boarding. Captain Spencer took out the Captain,
but the corvette, being in a leaky state and disabled by thefiest
she had sustained boils from the Naiad, in passing her, and the
Camelion, was abandoned. Captain' Spencer proceeded to Malta,
to apprise the Commander.in-(:Lief (Sir Barry Neale) of what had
canned, and he despatched the Camelitin to England, with the
result of his communication to the Dry. It was observed that the
,llgerines bad nmsiderably strengthened their weak points ' • the
Crown and Seraglio batteries, in particular. They toed theeffeet
of their !dulls, trots one of the batteries neeist to the Camellon,
whilst she was attacking the Crnutilion, but she was at too great a
distance (about four miles) to receive any harm from them. When
the t'ainelion sailed (on the Ist inst.) the Algerine squadron was at
sea, cruising against the defer.celesa Spaniards. A large rasee fri-
gate was cruising of Pape St. Vincent ; two smaller frigates, and
Eve corvettes, were off 31inorce and Majorca. It is, however,
supposed that they all returned to port in a day or two afterwards,
as, whilst the Naiad and Catnelion lay there, a. brig sailed sud-
denly, it is presumed, to recal them. The Carnelian eloped at
Gibraltar only a few hours/ There was no Ilri jab ship of VFW then
there. The Carnelion is refitting at Spithead : it is expected she
will be the next convoy to Gibraltar.
