THE BRITISH PRESS,

MIDDLESEX ELECTION.

The election for Middlesex took place yesterday at Brentford.
A commodious hustings had been previously erected, and every
necessary arrangement made under the direct,on of Alderman
Crowder and Thomas Kelly, Esq. the Shzriffs of Middlesex. The
Candidates, accompanied by their Committe s, in open barouches,
arived from London at about ten o'clock. Upon reaching Brent-
ford, the horses were taken from the Candidates* carriages, and
were drawn by the populace to the hustings. Mr. Ityng'm Corn-
mires and friends wore orange and blue favour., end Mr. Whit-
bread's pink and purple.
Upon the appearance of the Candidates noon the hustioga, a
freeholder named Westbrook accosted Air. llyng, and subsequently
Mr. Whitbread, rvt follows :

Mr. WESTBROOK—Mr. Byng, I wish to understand from you
Whether it k your intention to support the Catholic Question when
it is again brought before Parliament ?
Mr. BYNG—It certainly is my intention.
_ _

Air. ‘VESTBROOK—Du you want to bring us again to fire and
faggot, and roasting upon gridirons? (laughter and cries of
" Off.") I say, Sir, you arc an enemy to the Constitution, and
to my children and your own. You don't know but you ate at thin
moment standing on tite ashes of those ancestors who fought aid
bled for our sacred Constitution.

....
➢lr. IIvNG said that when the poll was opened he would be happy
to aatisfy the gentleman.
Mr. WEsannook. then addressed the other Candidate (Mr.
IVhitbread). and said, " It is too bail of you both, Mr. Whitbread,
to vote for that 'ere question."
Mr. WHITBREAD begged the freeholder not to be violent.
Mr. WESTBROOK-1 wit no: violent, but I cannot be an advo.
cite for Wigging my children to the stake. (A person from the
crowd cried out, " I believe you.")
Mr. WHITBREAD said, we do nut now live in times when we
need fear that.

Mr. Weseagoox was continuing to express his disapproval
of the bentnnents of the Candidates on thin subj.ct. but was as-
sailed with cries of " Off, off.," and withdrew. The proceedings
of the day then cinmnenced without any further interruption. -
Proclarnatioa having been made with the usual formalities, the
Precept and the Bribery Act were read. The Sheriffs then took
the usual oath, binding theme:us to make a fair return ; after
which,
Mr. Alderman CROWDER came forward, and having described
the object of the meeting, called upon the treeliAlers to nominate
their Candidates.

Lord W. Husenne then came forward, and acid—pentlemen
Freeholde rs of the County of Middlesox, the object ihr which we
are all 'crumbled has been very properly opened to you by the
Sheriff. I should feel a gnat ditncuby in coming forward to re-
commend a person to your notice as a Cendidate for the honour of
representing you, if that person was trot previously known to you.
L should heve belt it in abler bands, and to persons who h tel
greater claims upon your attention. Fortunately, however, the
Gentlemen 1 cone for ward to propose needs no panegyric from any
one. (A polite' ‘e.) He is known to you ell by the best test, experience.
I tall upon you to look back on his conduct—to screuittiee it
with it most jealous eye, and I ask you if Ire has ever de-
parted front the principles to which he pledged himself? If
he hee. I ail: vote to stand forth anti charge hint with a
dereliction M his duty. I challenge you to do so for his sake
and your ore, an a friend to the rights and privileges of po-
pular representation. 31any years ago you took him, then a young
man, in some measure epen trust. Your good opinion of hien was
founded upon a knowledge or the stock from whence he sprung,
and the school in which I.e watt bred. There are not many present
who knew his father, but to those who ore acquainted with the
transactions of the county during the last reign, when such fre-
quent struggles were made fer constitutional liberty, and the prin.
ciples asserted by our ancestors et the glorious Revolution, it Is un-
necessary to say that the name of George Ilyng was foremost in the
ranks. (Applause.) Now 1 put it to you whether your late
Member has ever flinched from the principles of his father. l ash
you to excuse me what may be considered an indulgence of per-
sonal vanity, when I revert to the gratification I feel in remember.
ing that I have fought by his side. We fought together under the
banner of one whom I am beam( to call my master—
of one whose principles are known to you, and who never
was unwilling to eacrifice his personal interest to the public rood
and the public liberty. Need I any that I allude to Mr. Fox ?
(Applause.) To his principles I have ever edit/Ted, and shall
continue to do so as long as I live. To those principles my Hon.
Friend has uniformly given his support, and by them his past
cone uct hes been directed I t would be impertinent of me to say more.
On the arduous public glides %Lich were recently brought b fire
Parliament, mid which required the most undivided attention, you
well know ttint your late representative is capable of givin a calm
and dispassionate investigaiton to these subjects, iu which g both tee
agricultur 11 and commercial interests are so deeply interested. Ycu
all know the facility of access to your late member. and the anxie-
ty he has ever displayed to promote your private interest. Upon
tidier maters on a more enlarged seals, touching the affairs of other
naeloas, Mr. 'dyne has always opposed those detestable principles
which have been lately brunched, and which were subversive of a'l
liberty. They who advocated those principles assumed the bias.
pliemous title of the Ifoly Alliance, and their object was to stifle the
spirit of freedom upon which this country had risen, and upon
which the f!onstitution was founded. I hope those principles will ever
be upheld by your representatives, and that they will ever resist
those wicked measures which are opposed to freedom, I shall
trouble you no more, but will conclude by proposing George Being,
Est. as a fit and proper person to represent your county in Plaint-
ment.

Mr. TRAPAUD seconded the nomination. He said Mr. Byng
had served in eight successive Parliaments with fidelity. If the
conduct of Ministers was ever so correct, it was well fur the country
to have men in Parliament who meld act as the guardians of its
rights ; of those rights which were secured by the Bill of Rights.—
in supporting the principles of which, our lives, our liberties, and
our properties were involved. Now, who was the man who offered
himself for a guardian P—an honest man, and they knew " an ho-
nest man was the noblest work of Hod." He pledged himself to
the cause of the people, and he redeemed his pledge by his uniform
conduct. lie (Mr. Trapaud) could himself bear testimony to his
public nod private character, and would conclude by hoping that,
for the ninth time, he would again be elected to represent this great
county in Parliament.
The Stature' then inquired whether any person appeared to
propose the second candidate.
RIDLEY COLBORNE then stepped forward. lie said he
had no intention of having the honout of proposing Mr. Whit-
bread, but that agreeable duty devolved on him in consequence of
the accidental absence of Sir F. Burdett, who was prevented from
attending by the diem of a near relative. Though lie hail the
honour of being a freeholder for nearly twenty years. lie felt it
would be presumptuous of him to come forward ro recommend any
one to his brother freeholders. who v:as not previously known to
them, He was emboldened, however, by the reflection, that many
of them knew Mr. Whitbread personally, and all of them knew
his character. Six years ago they hail given him their votes some-
what upon trust, and out of respect to the memory of his late ex-
cellent father. That nom trust be strangely indifferent to public
affairs who did not know how deeply thin country was indebted to
the late Mr. Whitbread, and it was natural that gratitude to the
father should beget attachment to the son. (Applause.) That son
was an advocate of the same principles, and was actuated by the
game views as his lamented father. It was impossible to anti-
cipate that, reared in the prihciphs of Samuel Whitbread, his son
would not entitle himself to the regard of his constituents. It was
true he might not move in tke same active and vigorous course
his father had done. It was true,
Patrem sequitur baud passibus asp is,
perhaps, but he had never deviated from hies principle% whether
those principles were tried upon the chime of Reform in Parlia-
ment, upon economy in the expenditure of the national resources,
upon the lopping off of useless places, upon the mitigation of
slavery, or upon any oilier of the Important subjects which
agitate the public mind. Mr. Whitbread was ever at his post,
and had never given a vote from private or improper feelings.
Ile (Mr. Colborne) gut in Parliament and watched the conduct of
their Representative, ltd he could mote ahem he had never known
one of the name of Whitbread give a rote that was not consonant
with the Pritisis Constitution, and in favour of the liberty of the
subject. By this course his honourable Friend had obtained the
sweetest and best reward that could be conferred upon a public man,
which was far better than any tide it was in the power of the
('rosin to bestow. namely, the support and affection of his fellow-
men. He thought under these circumstances it was not too much
again to ask them to deliver their sacred trust into his untarnished
hands. It was his firm beli:f that they could not obtain a fitter
and more proper Representative than his Honourable Friend. lie
doubted whether they could find an abler, he was confident they
Mad not find en honeeter, RCITatIt. Such a man was a proper
coadjutor fur Mr. Byng, of whose worth there could not be a se-
cond opinion. and wider these eircurnstat.ces lie recommended his
friend Mr. Whitbread as a lit and proper person to represent them
in Parliament.
Mr. Ilonnoust then came forward to secoml the nomination,
and was received with very generni applause. He had been
quested, and he thouelit it an honour to itimeelf, to serend the
nomination of Sir Se noel IChitbretul again to represent this en-
lightened county in Par•iament. little was required of him on
this happy occasion. lie celled it a happy occasion, because he
saw that the independent county of Middlesex rallied around his
Honourable Friend. Those independent men rallied round him
who were concerntd in the former glorious rind successful struggles.
Those who first sett., nel Mtn to till the proud situation to which he
again aspired tallied around, and gave the best proof.; that Mr.
Whitbread had not negiected Isis ditty, but that lie had always con-
ducted himself as a faithful, honest, independent, and wpm..
chartable representative. When he referred to the victory
achieved by the freeholders of Middlesex in MU, he dal
not link upon it as the triumph. of a man. No man, what-
ever may be his private worth or bas hereditary distinction, mild
claim so great an lioneur from him. Ile referred to that victory as
the triumph of the great cause of reform, which, in his opinion,
was the only object worth contending for. This was the great
principle of shah his Hon. Friend and nuttily Colleague (Sir. F. littrilett) had been the able and uecampromidog advocate. his i
was the great principle which tae Electors of :lideleeex, b.. eitoos-
ing Mr. Whitbread, showed hew much they rppreciated.' Tide
was the principle wl,tch proved that the Llet t Its of Middlesex
were true to tlternaelyos, and which enabled them to anpport the

character of Englishmen in the eyes of an admiring world. He
' (Mr. H.) could also hear testimony to tile public virtue of his Hon.
Ftlend, as well as the Hon. Gentleman who Forel:lilted him. lie
too had fought at Mr. Whitbread's side in Parliament, end on all
great occasions his vote, end often his voice, was on the side of
public liberty. He had never deserted the flag they had placed in
his hand, nor never shrunk from the performance of his public
duty. This was saying a vast deal in times of great public corrup.
don, for that such were the present time% it was idle to deny: There
were not many public men so distinguished. It was nothing else
than absolute nonsense to talk of the virtue of public men generally.
That there were some virtuous public men like his Hun. Friend
was ctetain, but such instances, he repeated, were very rare. He
trusted this day would cohlino the glorious triumph which had
been achieved by the Electors of Middlesex, and which had more
recently Leen achieved in Southwark, in the City of London, and,
lastly, in the county of Surrey. Ile trusted they wouldcontoni
their tnrmer triumphs. and that the great county of /Middlesex
would on no future accession return to that degraded state to which
they were reduced, when they sent two :Members to Parliament
who held different opinions on all leading politic.' questions, and
were like two horses pulling different ways. (Applause.) Itnetich
an arrangement the imeortance of the county was neutralized ;
neither of the Members could be sent to do any service, for they
were ever found counter:le:hog each other. His lion. Friend, Air.
IVhithresneliad never lo his political opinions come in contact with
theprivate interests of his constituents. Ile called upon them tom,
whether, when any Freeholder communicated with him on private
business, he asked upon what aide the individual voted, or whether
his political opinions were in accordance with those of his Represen-
tatives. His lion. Friend WAS always willing to promote the in-
terest of the Freeholders of Middlesex without inquiring what poli-
tical opinions they adopted. He felt he need say no more. There
was no appearance Many thing like opposition to me two Candidates
now proposed, but Womb an opposition should unexpectedly arise,
there could be no doubt of the result, for he was convinced the
Electors would do their ditty now, as they hail before done when
they triumphed, and it opposed, would again contend for their
rights nobly tied successful:J.
The Sit entre then adoressed the electors, and naked whether
there was any other Candidate to be proposed. No other having
been pot in nomination, George Byng and Samuel 15 hitbreati,
Esquires, were declared to be duly elected to represent the county
of Al ithllesex in the reset Parliament. (Loud clot-ere.)
Ale Ilexes, in returnitig thanks, said he was so sensibly affected
by the kindness evinced towards hies on the present occasion, that
he found great difficulty to express in sufficiently strong language
the sentiments of his gratitude. lie might assert, fesrloisly, that
if he did not poy4mat great talents, he appeartel before them with
perfect confidence in hia hontst services haring been performed
with end and fidelity. (Bravo.) He could ,cientiously say that
he 11;t1 aiWa)s attended to the local circumstauces and interests of
the county, sad, as his friend Mr. linishouse had already observed,
rio be could repeat, that whatever differences might have former y
existed in the polities of the county, no person could charge Into
with any bias on that ace aunt, or could only impute to him any
dereliction of his Parliamentary duty, which was equally dis-
charged in all departmetes of the Lenslature, and directed to-
wards the encouragement and support of all those charitable lipid-
tutiens, for the number end excellence of which the county of Mid.
dlescx was pre-eminently distinguished. (Applause.) in all the great
national questions agitated in Parliament, his conduct had Leen
guided by a regard to die promotion of the power and glory of the
British empire. In all the discussions of Constitutional questions,
lie had been conetently at his boat to support Reform and to amend
abuses. The state of his he I!t had been such that he was enabled
to take Lis :eat regularly in :h.: &Loose of Commons, and he never
neglected an opponunity of forwarding every species of improve.
meet. On ell Decisions he had proved himself to be the same man
who appeared before than thirty-six years ago. Ile might &loamy,
that though lie heel pissed his political life in what was called the
O'ipnaition, yet he always supported that due and proper authority
which was v. aced in the Crown by their ancestors, for their own
Good and for the benefit of their posterity. He must confess, how.
ver, that he was still more anxious for the liberty of the people;
for he enetys felt that to that freedom alone the British pet/de was
Ineed for the greatness which characterized them. That power
would continue, he was sure, while the people persevered hi show.
ing to their governors that they were not pieced in their high situa-
tion for tic., promotion of their private interests, hut for the advan.
tege of the governed. Such were his feelings, and such would his
sentiments remain. He regretted that all the interests of the coun-
t-y were not in so prosperoue a condition as was desirable; for a
elember of Parliament was not the representative of any individual
interest, the agricultural, the manufacturing, or any other, but of
all, and he was cnnvinced that they must all either stand or fall te-
greher. (Loud cheers.)
Mr. Wntonnenn said, he could noun the freeholders
Middlesex elm he was highly gretilietl by the r kindness in re-
electing him as their Representative that day. So elated, indeed,
was lie on the occasion. that he perhaps Mould act with more pru-
dence if he were content simply t o confine himself to an ex.
plession of thanks, and not enter on eny political topics. '
'iVith his sentiments and mnduct they were (he co: tieued)
already acquainted. But although the sets of public men
were always open to the country, yet the occasions of meet-
ing occurred so rare:y between the Representatives and the body of
their constituents, teat lie woull advert briefly toe few public
matters. When, six genre ago, he had been introduced to their
notice, they accepted bin in consideretion of the name which he
felt praud ta bear, and in reliance on the professions which were
the only motives Wash he had then to propose to induce them to
elect lino. New, however, he could stand with confidence on
what he had done tiering the late Pailiament ; and appealing to
the'r knoeledge of these acts, lie would fearlessly ask, whether he
hail in any instance forfeited the confidence they reposed in him in
the year 1821 ? At that time the country was, indeed, differently
circumstanced from its present state. Then there was a high
degree of excitement, caused by the conduct of an arbitrary Go-
vernment; but now the Government was modelled on a het t r plan,
and though he gave the Ministers credit for the adoption of con.
ciliatory measures. it was the duty of a Representative a the
people to watch over their proceedings, and to he on the alert, in
order that no advantage might Le taken of l'aeliatnentnry supine.
ness, to impose ilew burdens on the people. fie would call their
attention to only one instance in proof of the necessity of this
attention on die part of the guardians of the public, when it was
attempted to make an unnecessary place, with a salary of 5.000/.
a year. It was, however, a paint of juttice to state, that Govern-
ment hail introduced many measures calculated to promote the
interests of the country, in which he concurred. Ile perfectly agreed
in the principle which dictated the policy of free trade ; but ie order
to make the system effective, it was requisite to make a concurrent
reduction of taxation, without which the manufacturers and other
classes of the country could not compete with foreigners, who were
not oppressed by similar drawbacks on their industry. He was
not ashamed to have his private as well as his public conduct in-
vestigated, for he thought the consideration of both formed the best
claim, as it furnished the fisiren criterion of merit; and he would
not trust that man in a public capacity whose private conduct would
not bear the teat of examination. If he did not possess great ta-
lents to devote to their service, he hoped that he was not deficient
in common sense, which would enable him to attend to the ere-
servation of their interests. He was of opinion, when he went into
Parliament, that they did not send him to look after Ids own inte-
rests, but to mind theirs, and lie accordingly was not occupied in
putting money into his own pockets. Ile was not satisfied with
being exempt hinietlf from such an imputation, but lie also thought
it his duty, and gloried that he had been among the first, who ex-
posed the conduct of illemners of Parliament who took occasion.
from the public ii fituation in respect to joint-stock companies, to
make money out of doors by practices and speculations at which he
felt shocked. He would not renew professions on those topics
with his sentiments and actions, concenting which they were ace
queinted sufficiently, but he thought it right to repeat, on the
question of Reform, that his opinion of its necessity was uechangol,
and: he might say, unchangeable. lie returned them theeke
again for the honour with which they had favoured him. (howl
cheers.)
Lord Wteeteet RUSSELL proposed a vote of thanks to the
Sheriff, which was scconded by Mr. R. COLBORNE, and was
carried by acclamation.
The electors then dispersed, and the populace dragged the car-
riages of the two Representatives of the County as far as Kt w-
bridge, with those demonstrations of exultation which usually ac-
company the successful and popular Candidates.

li CA- TINGDON ELECTION.

TUESDAY, ONE O'CLOCK.

- - - - -
The proceedings are gcing cn very languidly ; indeed, tis tin
derstood to be the intention of lord John Russell to keep open tht
poll as long as possible, to nfford time for his agony, who are now
scouring the county in all directions, to bring up the striigglsrs
who yet rcnii.ia utoeolled. With this view he is now bringing tip
his Committee nt the late of one per hour; and, as he is said to
have nearly thirty ttniAlttl cites there alone, the contest cannot be
considered as yet determined, specially as tel:her exertion nor
expense will be spared in nccomplish his return.
A little previous to the time of the poll last nic,ht,a general scuffle
took place among the mob tefore the hunting•, for priority of
places, in which the London ihigilists who are down here took a
very decided part against the Blues, which is Lord John lius-ell's
party. The Sheriff' observing this, directed them to withdraw,
which, after some murmuring, they did; it the same time, he ex.
pressed his determination of committing them for the very first
breach of the peace in which he might find them engaged.
A flentlemsn on the hustings observed, that lie understood they
were brought down by the partisans of one of the Candidates, to
which

The StiwnlrF replied, that he could not believe it, as each of
the Candidates had pledged his honour to him that he had nothing
to do with the bringing of them down.
The Gentleman said, that might be; but still he had good
reasons for believing that some of their agents could explain how it
happened that they had come down here.
The Struttirr made no reply, and the conversation dropped.
ft a; :,Clll6 they Lame into thei own on Friday last, it a po‘t-
dtaitte and lair, and ever !Mire have constantly been >een loitering
&mutt the Fountain inn, attach is the head-quarters of Lod
Mandeville nml )Jr. l'• Howes.
At a quarter fu too o'clock this morning the number were as
1(1 nws
AI nada villa - - 957 Russell - . 1115
Fillowes . 1991
