Wow'

lzmq

w-,

•~_~~

. .
COUNTER REVOLUTION IN porosl la remaining longer of hoard the chinnin. ll late kfitate
I is d eicmalwo. Tip Turk', after pilfigimg sfl fioe bouldir,
It has been mentioned, on the sothority of 1114-1," Alia apinksg mama to See to deacilleholsens
demolished Own to the last atmk, iodic
American Papers, that a counter-revoletnto had : more. re"*".._..ll' i
' or POI r ;rebid treasure.
taken place in Potosi. The followintscceont 'of i ~ Threue.6-• ' ~,..iii, owe" kk mot Gewn loirre are
13,
that event it extracted from Buenos A r-elatt• elmsidiw,, casket niatoor stating', our sislep. sod siaL dessdi-
its the 10th April, received hy way of Pgadety ' : • fees to the ramt dreadful slavery. There the stireitte de pro-
" RaWOLVTION OF PoTost.—Lieuteuaat.Coletell D. Cast. tier every thing to gratify their rage and theie'peeiecss;
*try Hoyos plaged bemire( at the head a a rev • .a wad riftetttbe rirgtea Aka they bite stalled by their era.
Pffe-het of Ancellry, is the city Of Potosi, iii tithich to lithe*, receive from themselves the death which they wish fur.
lin on* Of tits smogs of the line, who garrisoned the plane, All the chateaux which rend, red one Island the most srgrees.
noslead. At a small coot the fagot indepesdence "revolts...4_lde in the blediterthaeom, our academy, the library, the
111111101* fiellitith, .shod • the Pepeletko remaked petissast - "superb edificts'of St. Amiegiroon, St -Victor the Apostles, NI
"'lid wise IlleloStly tomotunicated to Ore eekhboispier.leherches, and aprerdi of 40 villages, have been eunsested
In as, harrearlinned Mole forcibly the Spaniard /104004/ by the flames.
t priele if Palpitate, than ally oilier drift nook * ll' The fevoekres iocendlaries then moored the mountain§
atiphlly • id the gisreitsa seder his ordeal somilillai sad ieweriaat .ad they are new at the Seth village of Maine. "
Okoceeded to snitch the freemen of Potosi smith a reirallesi4-1 These tigers, a thossasd times more cruel thou those of the
went of 200 men ,{,boned at times. Liestlmosee•Dehtasi -.lkimpol,ilseit Vested that hefted upon the dead, which they
Iboyon, who was eon (kilted with tim ebullition eitimMreee, babrio tie *hog. They opened the tomb+, and threw tutu
stef the city, billowing this roasimmation of die mess% tervellish: the streets the bones of oar father., and corpora of their own
Ness added the Corporaii•• et Plagets, who minvell'ibor wieliiisieve dragged* Ike feet through the brmikv. ,
.IrUpialk with,4oo sates, iipuail a peociamantiebmildsigbeneslN. in rake, dap wriesen of the first homilies l's the island are
..S6'.***Witic'D to abandon the Stare, taking As foods lOW emoted to sale in the public etsrtiets ; ',title. of greet
iint. Three man were Ma thee 400$/fMO 400•••• .high MON in; ,Wilisir, sett ea the mowed "mew or the Greek and Catholk
Treason, in oohs, isser, and mad, rimeitisd by Lit Ilesstit ' ' al the habilliseets of the Priests, are by *se
In those which be withdrew from Llme as hie 9811.11.1 , othdoie a vile prier. Through the intervestios eir
~,,Tbe perrelamodis pot the peetelstase IWMPlitswi elli4dietts. the Marge tf Alfeirs of the Freerb Consulate, I have sup
. by they attacked * Cootteil.boeses, jornetbie to splay Sof .smodid to parehasilig 1b women' obese housed I seed yes,
gicasitre., „This, ellensinots etsmert Ibli etthilitirtna two toga she susses, In safety et theCurpolate.
„'llsys., hgestiortalo, Ptosidemt leasitim. sod use. Abram, 8' Since my arrival here the Name wean have been as
~,Xasity vionsorit is bosoms., of 11494 in Oita of ' seised everyday ; there are sales of Almost's, rich pellets',
.Ltlgarte, ojiggeselted., Rogow ponootoo4 ilwrigetprrss.head, leseellery, chalices, fiat staffs; in obeli, alt Mode of
j
~/IP t setlethtetrut Ilan% giB4, 41411.041049. clienao -hi' re- willasbie redden, which are Is the streets, and are gives i
"4". by mein Awe,. De *11604 th&Cimiptswwitsilessedy . away for lithing. How eilosist it be otherwise when
OnOtmed in arms,_. wet 1111111 44L_Iba Sens, with great; .WP Ore Isimillitaste of Ada, from children of Afters
slaughter; het el.~ his wank be Scrod the yoss•Vsf lb lad Sri Oft 004, eirmisarlk every day fur Selo, from
in pomemiso al* 'e/ty, 4ith'll=red rat and em. memory, they ret•rn Wes wish spoils? We cse wily return
usthei•ndisg he sireduly hTd I'. • xi4ballir:ol.,oo. Tripe -ow: slim*, to the Emollients slat reside at Smyrna i they
..s,. crash' Welgiridee. itills - ~.‘,.. • Y 00.4 bilaier *IWO dose all they cortld to porthase our women; to per.
4 bliefill ckii444 pi iiii.li4it:i4," "0
tai ashen( to the cruel boalltlttell ne the Cholol, by whom hie i Wen Its disasters wadi' mercer suffice. Amongst the
pikr was atteebed with**, ingotts, sod pales. The °dittos I trowtsbers 4 them, them sty mime with tools to atrueioss that
et angled Of Minn ink aillieli-111 basses .iiiftostrati, bid the' they will sot lime. Posy species°, arraneemest.
"Weeds of Marty bid mat nsesitee.stiennitive thee is Ay sa ' 2" One di them roadsters refined 10,000 piastres for the
the as penotble ham its. maim' iellsemee. Mays, slobs fn.. estoosm'of the with of Gabe, sod replied, that he "mild nut
viravoiared to save lavoselL..Capltt.es we reirsesieseed, cad restore her for 1100,0001. I have contributed to the ransom
mettrio tee ibya be. met. with Ilse areal misfortmse of falling : Ilitf Tliikiewra Flitti, purchased for 1,000 piastres. M. Petro.
tettitbe- hoods et enemies, each as esesaio, la Abeeks, the 1 lisboebin, os learning the death of his brother, precipitated
views? aegis. . Alvarez employed himself is Frisking short - himself from to window; his sister Julia threw herself into
orodt of the primmer.. Mimed* erbbred the plate wily Os • ditch; the., ' - .
--
--. . _
the aeraork-eki, wises Marne made him feel some re• she was pmt
promises ett artoust of his want of activity or cowardice; d'Amdre, ass 1..
tied he immediately Merited' to 1111 Onset eastelts rif To. whitst laktating
pits and Hojo, where Ne remotes onto frost, t. 000 mew. "belt tallier, .8-
Tbit - hierat•tatima . I. obtained by fuedble weeruitirg ! bas been•-
from Torii,' and Sante, in a matinee hy which he carried w My
forward the potpie with bauds of leather." ! Arms freers
The eccnutit concludes with the names and sea- ' times more i
-,i.• • • ~ •• , , • In one word,
tencis of -the *victims to Inc abortive attempt at tn-
.. , the &sob or
dependence, if. Whose. twenlyTeise were rxecuteu, may be esti
two sentenced .to ten Imes' inaptioottinent, and women put
others to different runiehowener. With ,respect to will the day t
proWiorisf itartligencr, the Blienos Apes, ropers flirt upon nor
they deserve ••
contain neithi.iig. i'diirslifig.,..Tite accounts Iron
C 4111111., JUNE 25.
Chili ure or itmeattostere..it OW/ susnounce the Clip..
AD event equally exersordisaiy and mrlaacholy look place
tura 4 Beowtrides, who was conveyfd in chains to lately it Wahirs,lbrie canteen 6., hence. A Protestant
Saltin/44e Chili.• Ttriolsietilisri, amons in that 'Vintner shot himself through the head in the pulpit, st,the
codritry ibrilarsietiwityind cruder, use a Mulatto, moment wiles he woe about to commence his serums. This
nhOliatraiiird in the royalist army, and after its info/toast/ man lad fir mule time involved himself is au
dis;onaKturr fled into the ',Ann territory. Having
micros of mysticism, which probably deranged his mind.
,matted with some other refugees, and being joined
by • miinher of Indiums ea: 7r for plunder, he as-
soled' the command in the name of the Klieg of;
SAM,. sled, isioblislied his held-quarter, st Armies,
near ,be COM OPPOSiie to the ladled of St. Mary's.
There lie drco3ed setterul gritiolt and Americael
whalers sod merchant ships, murdered or impri-1
soned the crews, and destroyed the vesicle, after
having stripped them of eve. y artit le uselnl to his
followers. OA an incursion winch Beeinvides made
within the southern frontier. lie captured Colonel
A 'cover, an Ireeb officer of the name of O'Csrrol,
'end others, all of whom he immediately shot. As
snots us some regular troops could be brought
against him, ,he u.its defeated, and sulisequeotly
wandered onsotirt the Indians : but old Kb lie
was reduced ter the fast ex.re iii it y still his ferocity
made bins formidable, and Int cipture is a fortu-
nate circumstance for the security end kratiqueHity
Of liar southern frontier.

FLANDERS AND DUTCH MAILS.

suusszt.s, JULY 4
A great number of commercial couriers have
latrly passed through this city horn Paris, going to
Amsterdam. Four passed through ou the 241, i n
the morning. snit seven others between the morn-
ing of the id and 3J.

Our papers publish a document which has al-
ready appeared in some German Journals, and is
stated to be a copy of • Note delivered by the
Porte to Lord Sireugford, so lung age as the 18th
April. The substance of this Note may be stated
in • few words. The Prate acknowledges the re-
ceipt of the Official Note el its distinguished friend,
Lord Stranglord, dated March 30, relative to the
evacuation of the Principalities. It is unnecessary
to dwell on the care it has taken to Maintain friend-
ship with Russia, soil to contribute to the peace of
the world. It is resolved to fulfil all its engage-
ments and promises, as soon as tranquillity is re-
stored, which will certeinly soon happen. It has
even already begin), and will continue to take
measures
_to fill them successively, and us soon as,
possible. Important considerations prevent the
publication of the measures which are actually in
progress to restore tranquillity in the Principalities.
The Porte has never tolerated any acts of violence
t•words the inhabitants of the two provinces, sisal
though the continued execution of its preceding
orders has !nudist:y(l the best affect, it has again
given the rurietest injunctions to the Commanders
of the troops still in the two Prineipalities.--( Bras-.
sets Papers, July 5.)
NACUF, JULY S.
SECOND: CRAMBER OF THF. STATES GENERAL.
The Order of the Day was the discussion of the
project °tiers, for the excise on beer turd vinegar
manufactured in the kingdom of the Netherlands.
The debate on the subject was not very long, all
the speakers nearly being iti favour of the law ; M•
Rephins only saying he sow no necessity for chang-
ing the exieting laW, and unless the Minister should
convince him that such necessity existed, he should
vote against the project. [lt seems the Minister did
not convince him, as lie voted against it ]

FOREIGN ImrELLIGENCE.

, .
PARIS PAPERS.

PARIS. JULY 4.
1.. the aiglst of the ?Sib s Russian courier proceeding
to Madrid pawed ihrough Baritone.
A fetter bowl a welching of Item (Cttalonia), addresreL
w• 4 Vs ettal mtrthart, which arrived lesterdsy, wale*. that
Proileire of TIMR(001111 line 4-Merely eh-armd of ilie insur-
rectionary hand,. *Web ionwel )
rapiers Fos ots....Eave • per first. Consuls erased at
•I f. SS e.; Llostai at 94 (.20c.; Rook Actiorie, 1,5914(.75c.
a—Pscchasse on Lossaine—Owe awash, 25 f.!ere.; three
mouths, 25 f. 30 c.—(Corte ArMenfigre, Jrly 3 )
, IpIYRNA, MAY 15.
rit.aatcr 9? ititpy4Tii,srrsit Fitolll A YOUNG
011 MRS.

I:"1111w Draw ellOTti en Peepare yourself on reading this
feller to simians to your nil the atietigth of your chum.-
• ; the blow which his struck es is vu terrible that all my
reonon is required not to succumb under it. This opening
alarms your—estimete nt utter the eaten! of owe esisfort ones—
we have to weep for oar country, the beautiful Sao, in the
pone, of our barbarous enemies—sae kure to deplore the
lu•s of our OUSIffOIIII family,
`• Of all our relations my presages, aisles alone escaped;
by a miracle, owing so the protection of a itemise French
e!on, vie has been restored to nth embrace•. How coo 1
ape.tk to you of our father 1 Alas! this vaiendsle old man
now implores the Supreme Beteg f.•r his toiletry, and for the
u.:•oetunste children who have survived him. The follow.
me are the details of his dreadful amassioation :—Vou
loos. that be and our two brothers, Theodore and Cos.
W..: and your fathcrsia-law, cur amuses* the haulages
up in ttu• castle on the Sth inst.; they wrist Out with
t ArehhiAtep, ■ud it appears that uothrithatanding the
p, vowoers of the barbarisms. they hind been all the time
ene-
S.teJ to do,,grous; they were placed in Iwo lines, and were
ettl•e, hung or put to death with prolonged torments.
`• tier Nth., and him etonptoione witorreed with tranquil-
I,ty ii.e prepaadessea for their execution, and these ntsrlyrs
to their MI. lily did eel lose their presence of mind for • single
"natant. Our sister Illeeriella is a slave, and 1 base not yet
ieeceeilitil in disco wring to what country of Asia She ink-
wows ravishers hare earriel tier. Nur have 1 yet beer able
an o►tain the leash infu►hsatiuo respecting the fate of one dear
esether aid three tuber 00000 re; the destiny of year wife and
lssr family hiss ilia iiiieepied my search. la short, our mia-
Niel nal" ae set great that I can scare. ly ciedit shim.
Or she h 11l isthmus I quitted Scio—sa►ed by a miracle
firm the dangers of the must oasiguinary catastrophe, of
whip b soy one ate loan au idea. But 1 do not feel that joy
owe might experience on being delivered from the
ereimful perslt'to which I have lieu expected. Hatred and
11(11011.1 cue elltelitiOlMenl are the only sentiniceis
which ate henceforth dwell in my heart. Thanks to the
Eusopeise costume, which I have adopted. the Captain of in
huglisli vessel •`reed Sr lake me on board; hit my dreadful
ottustir.n interested neither 'rinks nor Enighbhosea. The Cap-
tor. of the •rare! sueld.uot all•'w me to embark till I lied reeks
sewed out to him 3110 piastres, std it Will nut UII *her he ha
✓ientined them tole by one, that I iireived from him permission
teasel airy fuel in. rued the easel, wbatcree was my danger

The Minister defended the low proposed, and
replied to several Members who requested explana-
tions of certain articles. His Excellency spoke in
Dutch, which language not being understood by
M. Duval, lie asked for an explanation in French
of some doubts which he expressed.
The Minister replied, that it seemed to him im-
proper here, in the Hague and in this Assembly,
to use any other than the nulional language, but he
would willingly comply with the wish of M. Dural,
and he gate the explanation asked.
On the question being put, there appeared 71
for the law, and 14 against it. It was therefore
passed, sod sent to the First Chamber.

The Committee of Petitions brought up a Re-
Ron on several Petitions that had been referred to
it. Among these were seven from the inhabitants

I, , I

rdrref,
