ILLUMINATION AT LEITH.

The rejoicings in Leith o► Thursday night were
of the mo.t admirable nature ; every face seemed to
beam with joy ; throughout the whole day festivity
reigned triumphant. Not a mast or flag-staff
could be seen without a flag or streamer. The
seed-shop of Messrs. Peacock, on Leith Walk, bad
G. IV. R." and a crown tastefully wrought with
flowers. Mr. S. Morton had a similar decoration,
with the addition of a plough. At eight o'clock the
bells began to ring a merry peal, and the windows
were shortly after lighted up ; even the most
obscure lane, where the light of the sun itself could
hardly penetrate, shone as bright as noon. A few
of the most conspicuous, which were lighted up
with variegated lamps, are subjoined :
Excise and Custom Hours—'• Hail, Ncotia'a King!"
G. IV. R." ►urmounted by a crown.
Trinity House—" Welcome, C. IV. R." two &whom and a
crown.

The Queen Charlotte had her yard illuminated by a mem-
bet of laoternr, which had a line effect at a distance.
Leedom and Edinburgh Shipping Company's Office—
" G. IV. R." and a crown—" This we defend."

An attempt was wade to illuminate the riggisigorith lamps,
of the smack Prompt, but the wind prevented ft toting dour.
Edinburgh, Leith, and Glasgow Shipping Company—
" GIS,. It."

Aberder• Steam Yacht Office—Three transparencies, lac,
a portrait of his Majesty. motto, "tieulland hails wills joy
the visit qjtke Ki•g." 2il, The Edinburgh Arms arid the
harbour of Leith—."Commerce." 341, Imperial Crown and
Thistle,—" Welcome, G. IV V. K."
Beid's New Rooms, Iwo transparencies. A portrait of
kir Majesty, motto above, Fair fa' his bower loony flee."
Below, " Caledonia hails with joy her treh.red Soveleign, as
the palms of Literature and Science." The other son Bri.
Non* supported by • Highlander and Serm•n, mOllO,
i• Britain swears no sordid son of thine shall oleic ulfeud ibe
donor of Illy wealth and peace."
A large bonfire was kindled al the weal end of Cutiper-
street.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FLANDERS MAIL.

BRUVELS, AUGesT 15.

Yesterday evening the English Cabinet Alessen-
ger, Silvester, arrived here from London, and int-
medistely proceeded to the Hotel de 11eIvor, where
the Doke of %Veiling:ton, who arrived here on the
13th, was lodged ; hr brought the news of the death
of the M se gins of Londonderry, after a very short
invest. The Duke set out this morning at roar
o'clock to return to London, this unexpected event
baring obliged him to give up the object of his
visit to this kingdom, which was to inspect the for-
tifications of Namur, Liege, Maestrecht, &c.
His Nlajesty the King was expected to-day at
the Hague. Our official Journal announces, that
our Legation at Naples is recalled, and that hence-

forward we *4 in have only a Charge d'Affaires at
Madrid. We learn from the Vrench frontiers, that
some corps of troops having marched from Picardy,
to reinforce the Sanitary Cordon, have been re-
placed by the three battalion% of the Legion of
flohealohe, which are stationed in the towns of
Amiens, Havre, and Dieppe.
Ptince Edward de Solmenburg. a Scion by birth,
who named in 1917, the Princes, l'aulina of
Schwartzenburg has lately abjured the Protestant
religion, and public:y professed the Catholic faith
at Vienna.

The Editors of the Oracle, to whom a gentleman
to them unknown wrote a letter signed •' A." re-
commending • subscription for the relief of the
In.)), accompanying his letter with a donation of
200 francs, state, that as there is no probability of
his proposal succeeding, only one person hawing an.
swered to the appeal made In the inhabitants of thy
Netherlands, they request Mr. A. to lake back the
200 franca.

CONSTAYTINOPLC JULY IC
It is reported that Khoudren Pachu is definitively
appointed Captain Pitch*.
The Principalities it seems are finally to be given
to the Boyars, but the firmanis will appoint a par.
ticular and provisional ad's). tration of those
provinces. One of these Princes is Legora►ko
Chili., and the other LOgotheti Stourdzo. Three
Boyars waited yesterday on the Reis Effendi ; they
were the two Princes just appointed, and Ftlipesko.
It is thought that to-morrow the 13 Boyars. newly
appointed, are to go in pump to the Porte. Horses
have been prepared for them. The 'Reis Effendi
sent them six, awl the seven others were sent by
Kittja Bey. Yesterday evening the Reis Effendi
sent them an invitation. Three of them went; they
were received with much distinction, and with a de.
g►ee of respect which had not before been *hewn
them during their stay in the capital. Coffee, pipes,
and perfumes were offered them. On former occa-
sions they had wily coffee.

JULY 18.

The Caimacans of the new Princes will set out
to-morrow or the next day at the farthest. They
have been detained hitherto only by the want of
money. They will be accompanied by a Capidji-
bachi. He will be the bearer of a firmer', ordering
the entire evacuation of the provinces by the troops
which are it'll there.

It is forbidden to sell any Sciote slaves except
such as having been reduced to slavery at the time
of the taking of Selo, have been declared slaves by
virtue of a fillet sealed with the seal of Vahid
Pilau, of which the Proprietor of these Sciote
slaves must be the bearer.
FRANKFORT, AUGUST 10.

His Imperial Highness the Grsiid Duke Michael
of Russia arrived at Stutgard on the 7th to p., a
visit to their Majesties, and to the Princess Char-
lotte of Wirtemberg, his bride. _

Accounts from Warsaw my that the Emperor of
Ruseie is expected there by the 15th August. His
Majesty will then go to Vienna, where lie will stop
but • few days, and then proceed directly to Italy,
where lie will !lass three months. It appears that
his Majesty will make the longest stay at Rome
Naples.

VIENNA, AUGUST 4.
His Royal Highness the Duke of Modena is
arrived here.

Their Imperial NlajesCes leave Vienna on the Bth
of this mouth, to go and pass some time at their
family seat of Persenberg.
The Emperor Alexander is expected here between
the IBth and 20th of September. The King of
Prussia will arrive about the same time. It is sup-
posed that, slier • short stay in this capitol, the
Sovereigns will go to Verous, where the Congress
will meet.

AUGUST 5.
Mehilliques, 80 ; Rink Shares, 7901.—t Brus-
se(s Papers, August 16.)

GERMAN PAPERS.

CRONsTADT, JULY 2G.

D:onysius, the Metropolitan of Bucharest, and
the fugitive Boyars, are now making preparations
to return to Wallachia by the 15th of August ■t
the latest. May they otter have reason to repent
of tins step!
The Boyar, Stoutilza, is already proclaimed
Finspodir in Moldavia, and expresses were dis-
patched in all directions to communicate this intel-
ligence.

SEM LIN, JULY 27.

Greeks from Seres and Bitoglia, who have arrived
at the Lazaretto, give very favourable accounts of
the situation of Greece. A letter from Seres,
written by a ►eslectable clergyman, which has been
received by this opportunity, says, " Make your-
selves easy respecting our fate. The tie which for
three centuries has united us to our brother Chris-
tians in Europe is for ever broken. They owed us
assistance five times since the conquest of Turkey ;
we had sacrificed our hest blond for them, and every
time we have been deserted. The blood flows
more briskly in our veins than in those of the
colder sons of the north, and God's omnipotence
hiss done its part. Neve► was this more clearly
proved," &c.—(Allgemeine Zeitung. Aspen 9.1

♦IENNA, AUCUST `2.

The Parte having received several reports,
stating that the Greek vessels which burut the Ot-
toman tlert had hoisted the Austliaii flog. the Reis
F:Groli was ordered to confer with Count Lutzow,
the Austrian Ititermiticio. The latter declared the
statement to be incorrect, t..til supported his dr-
of its truth by exhibiting a detailed report
which had been sent to him by the Austrian
Consul-General at Smyrna. It was after this con-
ference that the Reis Effendi caused further in-
quiries to be matte, which fortunately ended in
confirming what Consit Ititzow boil said. The
Porte signified, in consequence, that it desisted
from Ihr demand of an indemnity which it had
claimed from Austria.
/KOH TIM DANIA'S, AUGUST 4.

The east and the west apprar at present equally
to elig;sge the attention of the European Cabinets.
At the same time that a courier arrived at Vteoua
with great news from Madrid, the post from Con-
stantinople anti Bucharest arrived, and is said to
have brought dispatches from Count Lutzow, which
are supposed to be of great importance, because
the proloundest seeresy is observed in the Foreign
Office respecting their contents. If any credit can
be given to the reports iu circulation, the breaking

LONDON,
TUESDAY, AuGorr 20, 182:2.

Before these lines shall have reached the greater
part of our reader., the remains of the unfortunate
Marquis of LONDONDERRY will have been con-
signed to the grave that has been prepared for
them in Westminster Abbey. The body of this
distinguished Statesman is to repose in death by
the side of WILLIAM PITT, of whom he ever
boasted especially to he the friend and follower.
When Lord Lo NDO N DERRY first appeared is
public life, ►he political world was divided by the
names of Fox and PITT. To these two mighty
men all persona throughout the empire looked up
as the presiding Genii, as if thy alone were quali-
fied to dispute the empire of the universe; and we
have the authority of the Etrl of CH A RLESIONT,
that at a very early period of Lord I.oNoon.
DERRY'S life lie avowed himself to be the devoted
adherent of WILLIAM PITT. It would be impos-
sible to determine, after the death of Mr. PITT,
how far the dregs of his party evinced a consistency
with the great principles upon which the great
master-spirit professed to act ; but we think it can-
not be doubted, that the circumstances of public
affairs had altered very essentially between the time
of the death of 11'mt.►.IAM PITT and the eventual
accession of Lords LIVERPOOL and CASTLEREAGH
to office, and that consequently the spirit of Mr.
PITT'S gover 1111 l ent is no more to be regarded in
endeavouritig to estimate the character of his suc-
cessor, than that orhis father, Lord CHATHAM, or
any other Minister who ever occupied a seat in the
Council Chamber. For our own parts we look
upon Lord I.ONDONDERRY, in opposition to the
sentiments of Ilia professed adherents, as entitled
to a consideration somewhat higher than they are
disposed to grant to him; nod that to us lie appears
to be a Minister of original views, acting in scenes
totally distinct in kind and character from any in
which Mr. PITT had been engaged, and that in
urging his way through them lie could have re-
ceived little or no assistance from any of the re-
corded opinions of him who was presumed to be
Lord LONDONDERRY'S prototype.
It is highly honourable to the Marquis of LON-

nowotarr that a French Paper, the Journal del
Debars, which, rather more than the Mondenr, is
known to express the feelings of the French Go-
vernment, should lo.ment his ileath as an event
which at the present moment is likely to he fraught
with cßnseriences injurious to the well being and
union of Europe. It was known that the Marquis
was to have attended the ensuing Congress, whether
to be holden at Ntertnia or Vienna, in quality of Re-
presentative for Great Britain ; sad the writer in
the Journal de Debuts invests him with even a
higher character, namely, that of mediator be-
tween the several Powers of Furope—a kind of
conciliating influence amidst claims and intere;,..
essentially conflicting. All ihi; is highly honour-
able to the character of the deceased, and no ;ass
creditable to his country. It proves the influence
of Great Britain by the importance attached to the
acts and conduct of her reprteentetive, and the
respect which belonged personally to him, who in
his turn supported with dignity. the credit and ho.:
nour of his Government. We have no doubt that
the deceased Marquis will be regretted sincerely by
the heads of the several Governments of Europe,
all of whom looked upon him personally as the
grand link which bound Great Britain to the prin-
ciple of action which has been unequivocally and
universally professed by the great Powers of the
Continent.

We announced yesterday the public entry of his
MAJESTY into his ancient capital of Scotland, and
gave to our readers a general view of the ceremonies
that were observed on that interesting occasion.
This day will be found a more particular account
of those marks of honourable distinction *tech his
northern subjects had prepared for giving a national
welcome to their Sovereign. There was in those
preparations every thing of splendour which might
be expected from • noble and gallant people, our
was there any deficiency in those peculiar circuin-
. stances which were meant to convey to his M taESTY
the assurance of their grateful loyalty and love.
But it must be admitted that throughout the whole
of the gorgeous ceremonial we look in vain fur that
bursting enthusiasm which marked the demeanour
of the people of Ireland when the KING offered
himself to their view, and in the generous confi-
dence of his heart threw himself into the crowd of
his people without guards or attendants. The cha-
racteristics of the two nations are essentially distinct.
There is avowedly in the people of Scotland—and
they pride themselves in the distinction—a reflecting
i earnestness which addresses itself calmly and with
an apparent want of energy to every occurrence of
life, and teaches them, whatever may be the strength
of their feelings, to estimate the degree of enthu-
siasm which ought properly to belong to their
ac-
knowledgment of any particular occurrence : but
reflection is utterly inconsistent with the genial
glow of Irish feeling, and it was therefore far easier
for the inhabitants of the sister island to exult in the
presence of a KING whom they had loved almost to
idolatry, long before his brow had been encircled
with the regal diadem, than to explain to any cool ,
or dispassionate inquirer what hopes of future
good they might have been justified in enter-
taining front the circumstance of his MAJESTY'S
visit. Ireland, it is true, had the honour of
his MAJESTY'S first visit, and highly her people
appreciated it, and there were many circum-
stances in the dark and melancholy page of her
history which made the momentary light of the
royal presence a solace for the pest and a happy -
omen for the future ; but, independent of this,
there is an airy lightness in the character of the
p,-ople which is easily excited by public occurrences,
and national vanity strove with their personal
attachment for the KING to shew that they wrre
worthy of the proud distinction which their Sore-
reign had bestowed upon their country. It it to be
lamented deeply that few, if any, of the benefits
which had been anticipated from the KING'S visit
have fallen upon the unhappy country. Ireland
has since that period of intoxicating hilarity suffered
a famine in the midst of plenty, and has endured
all the worst features of a civil war in the face of a
vigorous Government and of a well-disciplined
army. Even the factious distinctions to which bait
policy and evil times had given birth, and which,
like noxious exhalations, had clouded the fair
prospect of Irish prosperity, kive not been ili.-
sipated by his MAJESTY'S presence. The com-
mand of the KING to his own professed ad-
herents has been despised. The Dane alio
vainly commanded the *ea not to wet his royal
mantle, spoke with as much elf et to the 002311 34
E 0 RGE the Fourth has to the Orange faction
that seeks to drench Ireland with blond. flap-
pity for Scutlaiid no admonition• to check party
zeal are necessary there. In Edinburgh there
is no ruling cove which looks upon itself as
synonimous with Majesty, or regards its own
crude notions as coriveying the spirit of die
Constitution. At all events there is no class of
people of Scotland who in their midnight orLzier,
and with an assumption of exclusive loyalty.
profess • conditional obedience, and declare 'hot
the KING shall he no King to them, if he
shall not secure their superiority as a party lii
the State over rollers of their fellow-subject,
whom they have thought proper to proscribe.—
A hope prevailed in Ireland before the ING'S
that the presence and authotity vf his NIA-
JESTY would completely beat down this malignant

=-,

milk
