SUMMER ASSIZES.

OterostoLnul Filenborough, Mr. Jeatize Lawrence.
HOl4 ChiPl JuoticeM.insf..ld, Mr. Juatice Ilath.
Noll FOLK—Loral Chief Baron Macdonald, Mr. Juit.c.. Grow.
Mini...No—Nl- Baron Thorn .on, Mr. Justice R:•olce.
Wssrsaw—.Mr. Justice Le Blanc, Mr. Bunn Graham.
NORTHILANNI,. Justice Lhamlire, Mr. Baron Suttua.

POLICE.
T •
In consequence of a ■umber of houses being
broken open, in the county of Kent, for some time
past, without any deteflion or tr.t-e of the robbers, I
Mr. HAReINGtox. a Magistrate for the county of
Kent, applied to Sir RICHARD Foso, for the as-
sistarce of Officers from the above office. The
robberies having been committed within four miles
of Blackheath and Lewisham, Messrs. Adkins,
Limberick, Jones, and Hopwood, the officers, were
stationed on the roads leading to those places, day
and night occasionally, for above a month past. Din-
ing the time they were on the watch, no robberies
were committed, and no suspicious charafters'lp-
prehensied—till, on Saturday morning, about three
o'clock, they met is the town of Lewisham, Leonard
White and Edverd Egletee, two well-known cha-
' rafters—when the Officers stopped them, and took
them into custody: the account they gave of them-
selves, for being out et that unseasotiable hour, was,
they were going to take a walk.
The officers of course were not satisfied with this
story, and detained them. On enquiry, they found
that the house of Mr. Papillion, at Leigh, a short
siktance from where they apprehended the prisoners,
had been broken open about two hours previous to
their apprehension. Yesterday they underwent an
examination before Sir RICHARD Fano, when Leo-
nard White was recognised to be a very old house-
breaker by the Officers in general. They were com-
mitted for further examination on Thursday.
It appeared that twenty houses have been broken
;pen within these. ten weeks past, within four miles
of Lewisham and Blackheath, and plate to the
amount of 2,0001. has been stolen, hcsities other
property.

Friday afternoon, as the Paymaster of the 2 I bat-
talion of the 56th Regiment of Foot was driving a
about two miles from Gosport, on the Fare-
ham Road,the horse became so extremely restive as
to compel him to jump out, in doing which he un-
fortunately broke one of his legs.
A fine boy, of about seven years of age, straying
into the fields near Pcnz tnce. on Saturday last, ate
of some poisonous berries, of the effeas of which he
soon after expired.
Friday, a woman of genteel appearance was seen
to go into a field near Sherborne, where, taking off
an elegant shawl, she lay down, placing it under
her head. A farmer and his labourers, who had
observed her, went soon after to the spot. She ap-
petred to be asleep ; and, on being, with some diffi-
culty, awoke. 'hewed them a phial, informing them
she had been swallowing laudanum, and reqbested
they would leave tier undisturbed. that she might
die in peace. A small quantity. of the deleterious
drug remained in the !souls. By the attentive
as-
sistance of a medical gentleman. an emetic draught
was, much against her inclination, administered—
which happily relieved her, and she is now under
the care of the same gentleman, all a fair way of
recovery. She is a genteel fizure, apparently about
So, very imelligent, and at present perfestily sane.
She says, that her father is General —, of Ire-
land ; her husband Colonel by whom she
has four children, the last about two months since.
She asserts, that her husband recently deserted her
at Ex-ter, that she came to Sherborne in pursuit of
rsom. and, cn finding he had eluded her search, the
severity of eie disappointment inJuccd her tv
re-
ly: cat tet mina:iag tier esistevee.

FORLiON I'It7ELLiCthC. E.

. .
FROM TIIC FRENCU AND DUTCII PAPERS,

Gewin, j!:Nr. T.
1
SOM. of our .senators, who were spilt. t 9 Milan "
to the corhitation of the Emperor Napoleon, as Kilts
of Italy, having returned here on the '24th of M,y,
with M. Salicetti, the French Minister, on the neat
day, an extraordinary sitting of the LivriAn Se-
nate was held, in which the most important quei-
tion which could be subinitted to the cinsideration
of that Assembly was discussed: The Genoese Se-
nate, in this meeting, formally declared for an anion
wilt the French empire, proclaimed its eond::ions,
and resolved to submit it to the apProbatloa of the
people. The Decree is as falluws
" The Senate, Lilting into c:ansderat'on the actual mate of
the Republic, aml convinced that an niaependinwe, without
strength or meats to .protact its commerce, the only source of
its national prosperity, is of no advantage to the State of 1,1-
gurio, and that it cannot exist without being unite" to the
French empire, particularly slime Piedmont has been io,orpo.
rated with it ; considering, be..ides, that vie decla-at,r •, mad.•
at the Congress of Amiens, by the English Government, that
it could sot recognise the Republic of Genoa until it 1.2 d re-
sumed its arneterit farm (a tooslition to which the Vgitriatt
peo,le could Sewer consent), exposes it to the severe neceetty
of being involved in all the naval wars which may arise between
Prance and England ; considering that if, on one side, the
Barbary powers, desolating the Ligurian commerce, make all
saaritime communication impracticable, so, on the other, our
comniuuicat not by land are as much interrupted by the neces-
sary system of the French law of Customs; considering in fine,
that the only mar's of withdrawing ourselves from a situation
so critical, of riteestabli.hing our commerce, of recovering all
our rights and privileges, and of miaowing all Ilse obeascles to
our participating with the commerce of France, she immense
advantages which peace will assuredly procure for her, ls to in-
corporate ourselves with the French Nation, and that to obtaiß
this it is adviscable to profit of the jourirey of the Ens-
prig and King of Italy ; decrees-- .
" Article I. The union of the kingdom of Lily with the
Freoch Empire shall be propoed to fits Majesty the Emperor
and King, under the following conditions:7-Ist. Thatall the
compote
Me •

Ligurian territory, without the least reduction, shall
an integral part of the French Empire kil, That the .of
the Ligmran Republic is to be liquidated in theatres:way with
the debt of the French nation : 3.1, That Genoa shalt be a fray
pint, with all the privilege, thereuuto annexed: eth. That in
Appurtioning the land tax, due regard will be paid to the
barretneis of the Ligurian tail. mid the expellees of 'err-
eulrtire, more considerable than in any other country: Ddb,
tt•Ve are neither to be barrier. nor custom-houses be-
tter: •n trance and Liguria . G:h, rall4 the Law of Cooscri,ition
-dull telly apply to wanes: 7th, That the expurt and import
d ht..s shall be regulated in the maumer the most favourable tea
the agricultwe act manufactures irC Liguria 811. Thai all
civil earl criminal suits slush lie decided either at antra or as
some of the adjacent departments of the empire 9, That all
the Pr.firlftle,flf 11414141.111 i prnperty -hall be secured tulle pus-
shone and full eine., meat or the said peeperty.
" Article 11. The present decree shall ae immediataly yule-
emitted to the decision of the people.
" LAZOTTI LANZOI.A, Chief Secretary."
The Registers having been immediately opened
throughout all Liguria, to receive the 'votes 4 f
Fundiunaries and Citizens, the decree of the Striate
was instantly ratified by a great majority of affirm-
ative votes. The Registers were colleaed at Genoa.
and entrusted to Deputies, who yesterjay set out. to
present them to the Emperor of the French, awl to
entreat his Majesty to grant the request it:pie...ed.
Previous to the departure of the Deputies, ulficjai
communication was made of the wishes of the Li-
gurian: to the At.strian Envoy, Baron Giusti, in the
hollowing Note :
" Genesi, Jane 1.
"Tit, undersigned !senate?. Vinis'e- fr-r Foreign Alarm, hes
the Manner to commitwate to he Excellency the Envoy Ex-
traordiii try and Mi:l3tCr Plenipotentiary of His Mareety the
Emperor nil Germany and Austria, the decree whereby the Se-
ism* has induced the Union of (hr. Ligurian Republic with the
French Empire: a decree which has obtained the saurian of
the people, and in virtue of which a d !pier:ion has been ap-
pointed to tar before His Majestr the Emoemr or the French,
aid King et Italy, the wishes of the whole nation. His Fecsb-
len:y has reskl-il 4ltt6utel,ily lone at Gs.noa' to be estimcd of
the impossibility under which this enuetryletbonsed, of pre- •
serving its indepenrlence amidst events' which have changed the
face of Eu...ye. Tier weak to protract our commerce and navi-
gation, we have constantly seen our Hag insultsd, arid our coasts
exposer( to the praise of the Barbs, y Powers. Whilethe great
powers were oteupied in making tryOr flag respected, thee
atrandoised the weaker ones to the outrages of the enemies of
the; Christian name. Our interior Pollee also 4/414 in dirficultty
eifouuritinced, that a band of rola:sees, who had taken refuge ifs
the mountains, were become an antes of tone to t:se neigh.
hourittg part..
0 On the other hand, England, in the negnciations *hies
preceded the treats o Anits, would nut recognise the exist-
ence of our new state, nor the changes whien we had thought
piripar to make in our Constitution, by abolishing the *fishy.
entry, and by prefernag to all other advantages, that equality
of rights, on which the pruspentv of every vs•nmercial nation
is faun led. She itas, in spite of Our effurts to the contrary, ifi-
elided us in all her war, with France, arid our maritime cont-
ort rce has elway. been the prey of her tyranny. On the land
ale, we wet,. so surrounded be the territory of the P rench em-
pire, that if our city still possesses any commerce, we ewe it to
hie Einperor, who has heated us with V, much goodness, that
he has ins& sacrifices in sine favour, to the possiSle prejudice
of Nice ar,d Martri!lts. We hal every reason to apprehend,
that. in the course Of time, His Majesty would not be able to
C011441111_ to us these advantages; and th- n, surrounded nn all
sides by the French C• 40,411 Irtriuseajwithout territory, marine,
Of
corn...ere; we should have been the must weak and miser-
able nation. The decree which united Piedmont to France,
hid already pronounced the =ion of our territory with
the French empire, and of our city, which is only a put of
Piedrni
"' In this state of affairs, by an unanimity of opinion, which
is unexampled in any nation, lillrous to shew ourselves worthy
of our fathers, and unable, when left to ourselves, to give our
flag that Wendell? and glory which our a-cestors have tenalned
for it under diTerent circumstance., we have revolved to recover
that splendour, and that glory, by incorporating ourselves with
a great nation, and by sunfnithng oufselrea to the laws of a
greit Prince, wino has always manifested towards us sentiments
sat friendship, and has howitued us vrith his particular protection.
" The Ditputatirn, who carry the yoke of the Senate, of
the Doge, and of th-r people, apart this evening ; and when
they shall have paned the frontiers of our territoci,s, we shall
consider our indeper.dence at an end.
" The Onvernment has thought it proper ti communicate
thee, circumatances to his r cel knry the llama de Giusti, stad
to assure His Majesty the Emperor of Germany and Aostria,
.tither gratitude fir the conci-rn he has evinced on several oc•
cations; and at the .aine time to acquaint his worthy Repre-
*rotative at Genoa that his missies is bete* witininatod.
" Io placing out. lees thus realer the /awe s.f the French Elri-
we do not in the least add tuber continental strength.
Our population, few iii number, is far from warlike. The
produce of our finances will be mint* absorbed in the e,x-,
pence: of the defence of our cosuts, aid toe establtAiment it
our arsenals France, by this union, will obtain au augmenta.
unit of naval force ; and we cannot but think that we are doing
what is the wish of all the Continereal prawn., narne'r, to ma-
b'e her to contend with the caw) of al .iatm.a, and the trine
of the was.
" The uodorsigned has the her.
lenc,e the Mirrister Plertipotentiary
the •atpression at his eitt,, uheer
atiun. (S:4111,1)
The following is t/7e
receiving the D tree •
unitin4 that country tAt

he hermit to reito- t, hi. Lase&
tentiary and f I,ll9dbi
esteem, and
;et .1.11 " fIOGGIERI."
: answer of Boraparte, upon
of the Ligurian Senate, foe
Ithe Ercnch Empire

U

r

grater..
ft •irdom sea, and to
‘refroM ftyini inolostlng the weaker flag:, and to live at Milne
as agriculturists and honest men The welfare and the dignity
of tile human race were my only objects. At the Treaty of
/Simons, Fate!alid refused to co-opt-rat: ia those liberal ideas.
Since that tone, a great Continental Power has vhewn as ninth
repugnance to the satne principle. Atone to maintain there
/lint:Mims 1 shnnld have had recourse to arms ; but I have no
right to spill the blood of toy people, Wacrpt for their own
peculiar interests
" From the moment that 'Europe could not obtain from Eng-
land, that the right of blockade should be restricted to pittee4
rosily hlockatird ; Item the nutmeat that the nag of the weak
iris thyrutectrait, and at the mercy of the piracy of the nonparty
powers, there was no longer any maritime indepindence;
and
from that utometit every sensible man must have foreseen what
is noir come to W he:lever a commercial nation has no
maritime independence, it beemnzs ioconibent on it to place
itself unaer the protection of a more powerful flag. I with re-
alise your expectations; I will omit.' you to my great people. I
shall thereby acquire additional nears of rendering that pro-
tection more powerful which I have 31W11101 been so well dis.
posed to extend to you My people will with plyasitre receive
you. They know, that at al, tittles you have been friendly to
their armies, and that you have assisted them whit ail your
force, and with ull your means. They find, moreover, to your
territory end ports, an increase of maritime power, whith i. ne-
emeary for the support of their lawful rights against the tyrants
of" the seas.
In the union with my people you Will find a Continent;
toms, who hate only ports, and the sea befoie you, wilt, in this
union, Mel which, whatever may he the postelisious of
my enmities, i shall kuppurt throughout all the so:a of toe uni-
verse, free from insults ur attach, and avinst the tight of
tieckadiug, whit', I +rot never fee/ gni,e, but id such places as
arc realliblockaded by Istiel at writ ai by sza, Itt shorn, its it
you will grid yourselves proteflod against that shameful slavery,
s.hich.tontraiy to my *Whet, I am obliged to stiffer weaker
powers to endure, hot against which I shall always protect my
bubiccts.
Your people will always find, i 3 the regard I have ever
had for them and in the parental sentiments shall feel fur
then lienoreorth, the assurance that every thing which can
Conti ibute to their welfare shall be done for theta
"Do-e, and Gentlemen of the Deputation of the Senate,
Ind People of Genoa, return to your sauna) t I shall be there
ere long, and will confirm the unto which you and my pro.
plis are about to form. Them hariers, stitch separate you
finis the Continent, shall be removed for the common interest,
and things will 10011 be in their natural miler.
" The signatures of all your citizens, subscribed to the re-
quest witch yon now make to me, dispel every nsjtctinit
tMcht bye had to make. They constitute the only right
which I consider as legitimate. In causing that law to be re•
lipetietl, I shall only establish the independence which I have
promised you."

.It/N1 5.
The solemn expression of the wishes of Liguria to
be united to France has been already followed at
Milan, by new ceremonials of the most important
charaaer. The first having taken place on the 4th
instant, the Emperor and King presided in person
on the ith, at the opening of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Kingdom of Italy. This event has he,o
rendered remarkable, by the communication of a
Third Constitutional Code, which completes the
Monarchical Government; and, as an additional
support, confers won ;r the Order of the boat OWE'I
The meeting of the It.lian Legislature was also dis-
tinguished by the presentation of Prince Eugene
13eanharnois, as Viceroy of Italy. Ills Majesty the
Emperor and King addressed the Assembly in the
following terms:
Here follows a long speech upon the internal eco-
nomy, and new system of Government, which he
has established for the Ligurian Republic. The
following are the only passages in it of any interest:
"1 Uwe neglected none of th.z objects upon which nay ex-
perience in administration codld be useful to my people of
Italy &Aire I return across the mountains, I 4vail go over •
pass• of the departments to become Ilealef acqu.atutoi with their

Wants.
"I shall leave depositary of my authority this young Prince,
whom I have brought up from his ,nfaney„ and who wil: be
animated with my span. I have besides taken measure* to
diract myseli the moo important affairs of the State.
tlfatora of my Council will present Tot a project of law
au:horning to my Chaucellor Keeper of the Seals, met", to act
for four yea., to the quality of depositary of my authority, as
Vies-Presid.iit ; a domain which, remaining in hie family, may
attest to It s tieseeinlasts tile satisfaction I have felt from its

Services.
0 1 think I have givenlresh proofs of my constant resolution
to futhl towards my people of Italy even thing they expect from
me. I hope that in their tyro they will be desirous of occupy-
ing the place that I de,ttne for them in my thoughts; and ahoy
never will attain it, but by persuading themselves that the force
alarms is the principal support of Stabs.
" his time that that youth who live in the idlenett of great
cities, shoidd *ease to fear the fatigues and dancers of sae, and
that they shohld enable themselves to make their country be
teepee ed, if rimy wish their country tote nopettable.
is c,eittleinsui of the Legislative Rudy, vie in zeal wth tni.
Comical of State, and by tilt CI:111VMM Of wills towards the
sole aim of the public promerity, give to my Representative the
support be 'Mould turn se from you.
" The Butish government basil's received, with an evasive
answer, the proimmttoug 1 made to it, and the King at England
having immediately rendered them public by moulting my
people in his Parliament, 1 bare 5111111 the hopes considerably
weakened, whirl, I hid conceived of the re-astablishutent of
peace. However, the Fiends squadron have since obtaMst
successes to which 1 mtach importance only because they moat
farther convince nay ClltillitS of the inutility of a wit +glitch af-
fords them nothing to gain and every thing to hoe. The divi-
siuns of the flotillas and (toe filial*, built at the estimate of the
finances of my kingdom of lt.ly, and which at prevent make a
part of the French forces, have rendered useful services in
many circumstances. I preserve the hope that the peace of
the Continent will not be troubled ; and at all events, I find
myself in a position to fear none of the chances of war: I shall
be in tile midst of you the very moment my presence would
become necesiary for the preoervation of my kingdom of Italy."
1,..:ta 14.

"°R`.~

--0111hi1etli, the it'd at N. W. blow-
frnrh. being olthe Cape, I came iip with in the night
°nem, of 33 sail of the enemy, escorted be pro frirites ;
'waviness of the sea, and the brightness of the Moon, pre-
' me from attempting any enterprise.
i the 17th, I had intelligence of an armed ship, with
1,1514, steering fur the Channel, to which 4 gave eliace,
c her about two o'clock in the afternoon: when she saw
by h r, she hoisted her Engish flag, and wore ship ;
diately the engagement began. After two hours of a
brisk fire from both .fide;, at about pistol shot distance,
Queen Charlotte paeket, belonging to His Britannic Ma-
shuck her flag. This ship lad come from Haifa% oitli-
cargo She carried six 6-pounders, and four twelves,
4 folly men on board. I lost 'three men, and had two
I. The enemy lost but one man, and had many
AI; but her masts and rigging were in a very bail state.
the command of this ship to Lieutenant Chatelain.
provisions best: almost exhausted by my numerous
primiter:,l have come to land them and refit. I intend to put
to (Signed) " ALLEMES."
JUNE 15.
The new Order of Knighthood of The Iron Crown
is to consist of 500 Knights, 100 Commanders, and
60 Great Officers.; 200 of the Order of Knighthood,
and 25 places of CoMmanders, ate to be conferred
upon an equal number of those French Officers and
Soldiers who have distinguished themselves in the
battles by whi,:h the Italian kingdom has been
established.
The tnotto cf the Order of The Iron Cymru will be,
U God has siren it onto me; war unto him mks darts to
kreh it." It, is to be suspended from an orange
ribbon, with a green border.

111_11.•N, JUNI 4.

General St. Cyr, Colonel General of the Cuiras-
siers, and Commandant of the French troops sta-
tioned in the Kingdom of Naples, has made a pre-
sent to His Majesty of an antique engraved stone,
found at Tarentum, in the trenches which have
been made for the establishment of the camp. This
stone, which is a very fine gem, represents the head
of Hannibal, whose name is written on the reverse,
in Gieek charaaers. It is so much the more pre-
cious, as there has never yet been found any thing
that presented, with certainty, the head of Hanni-
bal— and the authenticity of this cannot be doubted.

•ItNNA, 4Tit JUNZ.
We are informed by some private letters from
Ts ieste, written by several merchants of that place,
that the English Minister at Vienna, after the arri-
val of a Courier from his Court, had declared to the
Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Austrian Ca-
binet. that his Government had inquired into the
complaints which have b:en addressed to him on
the part of Austria respecting the hardships which
the maiiiime trade of the subjets of Austria has
been subjected to in the Mediterranean. That the
strictest orders have been given, that henceforth the
Austrian neutral flag might be respeded, and that,
if they could prove the grievances which they had
alleged, all the wrongs which have been felt by tt.e
Austrian subjeds should be repaired by suitable in-
demnities, &c. We ought not to trust too much to
the sincerity of these protestations; in short, in
spite of these official proceedings, and that they must
be necessarily known at Malta,many Austrian vessels
returning from the Levant, have been lately seized at
the entrance of the Adriatic Gulph, and carried to the
general depot of the English, at Malta. These
fads have alreai'y been communicated to the Aus-
trian Government.

GENOA,
.JVNIL.4.

M. Jerome Bonaparte, commanding the frigate
the Pomopse and two brir,s, is cruising before this
road. The Poona is a fine ship hisilt in our port.
Captain Gantheaume, commanding the vluhawke
schooner, ant the Tame brig, has taken and sent
to Toulon a chebec of eight guns, and a crew of 60
men.—.(tifolutesir).

DAMIETTA, 14•1101.15.

An Inglish fleet of 24 sail has arrived before
Alexandria i■ search of the French Reet;four Officers
from it Landed in order to inform the Governor that
the French fleet had sailed for tgypt. Orders
were immediately sent off to Cairo, Alexandria,
Rosetta, Damietta, and Jaffa, to put those places
into a state of defence.

NAVAL I NTELLIGLNCE.

MAL, MIL 23.

Arrived the Lard Keith cutter, and several gun-
brigs from off the French CO2it, and remain in the
Downs, with the ships as per last.
The V•vs-ius bomb has made a signal for a con-
voy to the Wcstward.—Wind N.E.
POtTSMOUTH, JOWL 22.

Gen. Oakes went to London on Wednesday morn-
ing. The Hon. Major Gen. Hope (brother to the
Earl of Ilopetown), also one of the heroes of Egypt.
arrived from London last night, and succeeded
Gen. Oakes in the command of the garrison. Cap-
tain Ligertwood is appointed Brigade Major, instead
of Major Moore, who is prernoted to a Majority in
the 35th Regiment, at Winchester.
It is the opinion of those who are well acquainted
with Lord Nelson, and saw him a few days before
he sailed in pursuit of the combined fleet, that,
should he not hear of them is the Welt Indies (and
we fear he will not), he will return to Ragland.—
Ills Lordship was very unwell two days before he
left Lagos Bay.

PLVIIOUIII. JUNg t 2

Caine in the Hekna sloop of war, with the Saida
Ltoradin Spanish privateer, of 14 guns, and 114
men, her prize, last from Cork; frigate,
from a cruise ; the Danish brig, Anna Jklefda'clin,
frcrn Amsterdam, fur Ahem, detained by
the Lvri Neison privateer of this port; Eadeai.ciar
armed chip, with a fleet under convoy from the
Westward; Jv4a and Grace, Nortcn ; Fricadship.
Palmer ; and the Nymph, Ltwton, from Cork.
Sailed the Trodiridle armed ship, for Galway;
La lAzre and La Toarterdie frigates, on a cruise.—
Wind N.E.

CORIQ•EXCHANGF, ?doves?, Joie U.
There are a great menber of arrival► of Wheat, principally
toteign. Fitly to tho day, a few samples of Feu ninthly fetflied
rather hen, price ; but other sort+ rcrusui very heavy of sale,
as a ledeetien is liner. Harley la in ►mall request, and at little
variation Malt and White Peas likewise. Th,re sot lint few
!Vans arrived, and they fetch better swim?. many ar-
rivals of foreign Oati, and [hough In talerib!y gaol densami,
this artiais is quoted efirsroer. Flour at the terins of last week.

CU' RENT PRICE OF GRAIN.
Wheat. 4c.N. 60.. 064.1 Rine .44-. 51* O.
rime do .886. 97• 04 Trek licant...., .406. 46 . 0..
11)e..
Batley
Malt.
White P00......44.. 48. Od Fine ►wax .... 755. 78.. 061.
Grey Peas 40.. 441.. Od. Seeded... 64. 734.0 .

. .
sNitiiiNslS OF :..4.RtDITORS AT C'aUIL
THIS DaV.
Angus M,Phie, late of ili;ml, E.sex, merchant
Thomas Clarke, late sr Lambouene, E.aex, cow keeper
John Canis, Mohlsey, Sutrey,thereliant
John Rust, Great Waltham, Eaex, miller
Isaac Varley,late of Artillery-place' merchant
S mine] Cartwright, Maiden-Irate,, Wood-street, ha,
Beniandit Mendes DA Costa, ftory-stram, St Mary
London ; and Green•streit, Enfield Highway,

sex, dealer
Thomas Hexer, late of New Cress, St. Paul, Deptford,
Surrey, carpenter .
Robert 11111, late of Pleasant Rnw, Pentonville,

DIVIDENDS.
Edmund Hammond, late of Castle-street, Long acre,
brewer
peter Dubbelderuutt Van Dyck, of the Circus, Mmories,

- London, merchant • • . . I 1
Daniel M.Rinlay, and Abraham Mendez Belesarin, Size-
Ism., London, merchants 10
. .
Eliu Farmer Sadler, Glerucester, me.ecr 10
Thomas Brown the younger, late of Mill End, Rick-
mansworth, Hertford, tanner . 12
. .
CERTIFICATE.
Bartholomew Fog, Goegh Square, London, merchant, dealer
and chairman.

Yesterday—Nl °ovum% a DA v—Holiday et thit Polak Offices

COURSE OF ERCHANI

Amsterdam 38 3 3 12•
Diu, at Sight 37 7
Rotterdam l3 1 2.U.
Honshu, 35 SW.
Aitona 35 9 11U•
Pari. 1 day's date 21 18
Ditto
Ilkiurdeaux . SG 7
Coats
Ditto
Madrid ...• in paper
Ditty 39 effect.
Bilbao • 991
Leshota 5O
Naples
Dublin on London (Jul
Belent on London (3u
Belfast on Dublin (Dit

iGE..--.FRIDAT, Just I.
Genoa 451
Verne( 591
Lisbon 6(4
Oporto GI
Dubin 14

euserow. I. t
Portugal Gold in Coin
and Bars per oz 4 0 0
Douls;nons . ..... 0 0 0
New Dollars
&Peer in Bars 0 0 0
New Louis each 0
Agio on the Bank of Holland
5 per Cent.
e 17) . 14
ell) ••7ki
›) ...54 5 61 days.

BIRTH.
Sunday ihernonn, the Duchene or Montrose, of a (laugh.
ter, at her Gratis house, in Grusyenor-iquare.

MARRIAGES..
Lately, at St John's Church, Westminster, James Parr-it
Esq. of Maidenhead, Berks, Professor of Surgery, to Miss M.
A. Wooleot, of Milbank street.
At Harcourt-place, Dublin, Robert Denny, Esq. son of
the late T. Denny, Lieutenant Colonel of the 7th Dragoon
Guards, to Miss Helena Lyster, third daughter of the late
Anthony I,yster, of Grange, co. Roscommon, Esq.
Lately, at Kirkburton, Joseph Scott, Esq. of Woodsome, to
Miss Frances Horrfill, youngest daughter and co-heiress of
the late William Hursfall, Esq. of Storthes Hall, near Hud-
dersfield.
Lately, at Abergivenny, the Rev. J. George, late Fellow
of Jesu.. College, Oxford, and Reim of Aston Clinton, Bucks,
to Min Powell, of Wnite House, Oxfordshire.

DEATHS.
On Friday last, at the house of Robert Laurie, Eqo. at Bra:-
bonnie, Mr. Henry inure', of Kentish Town, aged 79.
On W,dist.d re list., after a few days Jame, Goodeve,
Esq. brewer, of Gosport
Near Ralringlavi, Ireland, John Jones, Esq. one of the
Sheriff, Pee s of Dublin, and wlio had been many years a
pra&i,ieg attorney of considerable eminence.
At Mount Oliver, Queen's County, Mrs. Mary Ann Steele,
wife of Richard Steele, juo. Esq.
On Friday, the 14th instant, at Glympton Park, Oxford.
Miss Wheat., third daughter of the late Sir Thomas
Wheat., Bart.

HIGH WATER THIS DAY AT LONDON-MUHL:E.
M wn. 9i min. &Orr )Y.—Even. 27 min aim, I

SALES BY AUCTION.

BY Mr. SADLER,
At his Repository, Go:well-street, near Smithfield,
THIS GAY, at 12 OClork precisely,
APAIR of Black CHARIOT GELDINGS,
151 Hands high, quiet in harness; a Pair of crown
CHARIOT GELDINGS, 151 Ilandr high, quiet in harness;
a Brown MARE, 15 Hal& high, good Hackney; Twenty.
five earful CART HORSES, amongst which are Tao Capital
STALLIONS, taken from the Works at Wadey Barracks, the
ColitTitt being eoruplehol They are well worth the attention
of the ;mblie. and will be sold without Re.,erve. Also, upward:
of SIC PY HORSES of various Des:riptions, amongst which
are several good Roadsters, Machinery, Post-Horses, &c.
To be vitae' till the time of Sale.

COPYtiOLD, HAMPSTF.AD.
By Messrs. BURTON and VENNOR,
On THURSDAY next, at Tw•lve, at Garraway's,
THE REVEkSION of a desirable and very im-
proveable COPYHOLD ESTATE, dependant ,ion the
Life of a Lady, aged Sixty, commixing a genteel Brick DWELL.
ING H, tUSE, with Coach Moine, Stable, ma,l walled Gar-
den and Paddock, man eligibly situated, at North End, Ilamp
mead, lcu on Lein to Mr. Gethen, for a Term of T hirtcen
Years, at a NA Rent of 601.
To be viewed till the Sale ; and printed Particulars had on
the Premises; at Garraway's ; and of Messrs. Burton and Censor,
N 0.62, Cornh ill.

EAST SMITHFIELD.-.COMmootous PREMISES.
/iv Sleurs BURTON and V ENNOR,
On THURSDAY next, at 11, at Garraway's, by direCion of
the noprietor,
PH F. LEASE of a snbstantial BRICK DWELL-
* ING-HOUSE, with Shop and spacious Rack Ware.
horses, with separate coonmonientimi, acisantageoorly situated
in EaaStnithfhtld, and tying cunti;uous to the grand Entrance
of the London Docks.
To be yiew."l, and particulars had, three days previous to the
tale, on thiasentises; at Ceetraway's; and Si Messrs. Burton
and /Fenner, 82. Cornhill.

HACKNEY GROVE PLACE.
By Messrs. BURTON and VEN NOR,
On THURSDAY next, at Twelve, at Garraway`s, by Dil [C.
tion of the Proprietor,
•rllE LEASE, with immediate Possession, of a
1 genteel convenient DWELLING-HOUSE, in complete
repair, with n.at garden, coach house, two stall stable, and
suitable &mewl.: ounveniences, desirably situated, fie. 5, Grove.
place, Hackney. T'.e Premises have recently undergone very
considerable repairs and improvements, and are suitable for the
immediate reception of a genteel family ; held on lease fur an
unexpired term .4 years, at the low rent of
In be viewed ; and particulars I.ad till the sale, on the Pre-
mises; at Garraways; and of Messrs. Burton and Veutior, 62,
Conlin!

SINGULARLY ELIGIRLE MERCANTILE RESIDENCE,
WITHIN TWO MINUTES WALK OF CHANGE.
It Messrs. BURTON and VENNOR,
On THURSDAY NEXT, at Twelve, at (;.poesy's,ALEASF; for TWENTY-ONE YEARS, with
B. early possession, of a singularly valoshle and recently-
erected sith,taiitial uniform DWELLING HOUSE, with three
very superior offices, anJ capital strongroom on the ground
floor, most desirably situate, being No. 13, Swithiiivlane,
Loinbald street. The immix.. are admirably arranged, com-
bining a neat elegance with real convenience, and contain 4
principal chambers of large proportions; two dressing rooms,
three servants sleeping rooms ; bandso.ne drawing mom 20
feet by 17, very enrnnotAirnas lofty d sting room 23 f. et by
convenient butler's pantry, entrance hall, enniiileta range of
win-, store, and good cellaring, well ni excellent water, and
suitable domestic eoermiencea.
To he viewed till the sale, with tickets ants, which, with par.
Centers. may be had of Messrs. Burton and V. tutor, No. 62,
Cdrarbi!l; Pattictilars so Cu: Premises; and at Gateway's.

CLAPHAM COMMON.
Mews BURToN and VYNNOR
• .
_ . .

On TITURSDAY next, at Garraway's, by direction of the
Proprietor,
THE LEASE, with immediate PosseAsion, of;
Convenient Substantial LL ick DWELLING IIOGSE.
small garden, c•iach.hrinse and three-stall statk, m rompleng
,grecao.ly sitriat 11 on Cia:.liam Common, Grit rho
Church, vrithits :35 miles of the Change, in the occin.;:rien of
the Rev. Mr. Davies, temu%ing to Lower TuetMg;
Mg a drawing room, dining room, hicakfan
chambers, with clu,et., drini.iiii•rutim, kitchen, and .1 Liao
domestic arraneeinemi.
. .

To h. ‘tevee4 till the tate, when printed dcteriptinnt n.tv 41
tho Pretnist.; at Garrawart aaid of Mews 11,,t
ud Venuor, fa, Cornhill.

GRENVILLE-STREET, BRUNsWiCK sQUAltit

By Mews. BURTON and VENN( R,
On THURSDAY next, at Garroway't, by d,:ection of the

Proprietor,
THE valuable and truly desirable LEASE, with
early possession, of a Genteel, Convcnimt HESIUEP C
in vrfect order, eligibly situate, being No. 9, Menviiie-strett,
Brunswick-square, with ample command of the Suliere and
adjacent country. The Premises are eorrespondently freistiol
in the immediate taste, the rooms of admirable proportions,
extremely convenient, and merit the attention of a genteel
fami'y.
Tu be viewed fill the sale, Sunday excepted, with tickets
only, which, with Particulars, may be had of :s4o.,:rs. Dinton
and Vennur, (2, Combat; Paiticuleis also at tiarraway's ; and
on the Premises.

H %HITE AD
NEAT HOUSE. Wall COACII-HOUSE, STABLING,
GARDEN, AND PADDOCIL
By Nic*.rs. BURTON and VENNOR,

On THURSOkY NEXT, at Twelve, at C.:a:away'..
THE LEASE of a genteel. convenient, (and
soh.tantial BRICK DWEILDIG 140USF, in cal,
;Vete repair; containing four cttassbers, dressing mom, d.aw -
mg roam, dining parlour, and dlinestie convemetseer ; a coacii-
house, two-stall stable, lofts, gwd wal.-41 garden, alirida,stly
stocked with thriving Cult. trees.; very ple.rsanYy sal: 4e at
North End, Ilv mpstead, a pleasant ride of ahont ire ornl..c
from London, held on 1ca.4.• for six years, st a morlerate rent.
To be viewed till the time of Sale; aid Pa,ore-
lars had on the Pr..inises ; at Ga:raway's ; and of Menu.. Bar-
ton and Vennor, Nll. 62, Comhill

FOREST HILL,SYDENHAM COMMUN—RESIDENCS
AND LAND.
By Messrs. BURTON awl VENNOR,
Oa THURSDAY NEX P, Jane d 7, at Twelve, at Oarraway.s,
by Direction of the Proprietsr,
THE LEASE, with immediate Possession, of a
c.ente,,A and truly convenient BRICK DWELLING
HOUSE, pleasure and kitchen g3fde.li, And about ten =reset
meadow-land, delightfully situate .at that jostle admired el*.
ration, Fumst‘Hill, Ssdeti:iam Comm. m, commanding .. bnuti-
ftil diversity of uninterrupted pr • :ts, adnanan'y rel.evesl
with a Ocli profusion of wood and wa•er. The P. mi e: are
in perfect order, and contain t.tir go tel proporti,ined chambers,
drawieg-roniii, and eniivenient dining palm, the.q.•
propriate style, sacio.as hall, and suitable dowievic arrange-
ments Held on lease fur twe..ty years and a half, at a nnnter.tre
rent.
To be viewed till the time of Sic, with tl,kets only,
which, with partiru'ar4, may be had of Mewl. Bunn&
and Venoor, N. 62, Curtihill ; Parti.mlars on the Premises ;
and at Garraway's.


COMPACT FREEHOLD AND COPYHOLD (TYTIII:
FREE, AND LAND TAX REDEEMED) FARMS,
BUCKS. •
By Itl.:sars. BURTON and VENNOR,
At Garraviay's, on THURSDAY NEXT, at Twelve, by
Direflion of the Pronrietoe, in Two Lo'..,
►r WO small compael FARMS, in the Hundred
A of Ayh-shury, ly icy, within a ring fence, vary eligibly
situate at Great and Little Mi.szaeti, in the county of Bucks.
I.iit 1. A substantial Fano houx.,•itilate at Spurtongs End,
in the parish of Little Missenden aforesaid, with barn aid
suitable ,ott-hiiiiiiiiir, garden, or.:hard, and about thirty-6,a
acres of gout conditioned meadow and arable laini,o,ci an ut:•
limited right of common over Wickham Heath; Iktt to Mr.
How, tenant at will, at the low rent rif 401. per annum.
Lot 2. A ditto, land tax rvd,emesl, situate at Po tviro.w,
in the parish of Great Missuriden aforesaid, with suitael.
building•, and about thirty.three acres of good condition. d
madam .-nd arable land, with an ' ed right of eon:oon
i as aforesaid ; lett to Mr. Franklin, tenant at will, at eae low
i. gent or 111 1011.
To be viewed to the Sale, by application on the premises.
where patticulars mar be had ; also at the White Hart, brat
Missenilco, and Aylesbury ; Red I,iiin, Little \bs•enden,
1 H gli Wyconib, Cliesham, and %Vendmei ; White Harr, Acts.
bury ; principal law at Risboroogli, Astin Cdidan, and Trois ;
1 at Garrawars; and of Burton and Vetting, Cornhill
..-----

FULHAM ..-XENTF.EI. FAMILY RCSIDEXCE,COACU
HOUSE, S I ABLY, and GARDF.N.
By Mess. BURTON and VENNOR,
On THURSDAY NEXT, at Twelve, at t;attaway's,
A TRu LY Desirable LEASEHOLD ESTATE,
coral • • g a neat cimverii-rd B.;rk Dwelling House, in
the most perfect miler, wilt front and ha': garden, plea-
santly situated in Elysan row, in the rural and resließable
village of Fulham, •.i ago thle ride of sown fire nillm (mm
Hyde Park Corner, the resat:nice of heub, Tsq. wha
will pee immediate posses•Mii ; the pr.iperty has been re.
cently mater.ally improved and repaired at a considerable ein,
pence, and f mos a desirable pu reltsse for the reception Or
genteel family, containing four principal and three servants'
chambers, dicsting room, gentleman's room, two handsome
drawing mono, am:swam:tinily finished in the immediate
taste, cmnittunu anal( with lidding &airy a commodious good
proportioned dining room, spacimes garden, parlour, fitted a?
in tt appropriate style, handsome entrance hall, conve-
nient store rotting, housekeeper's morn, laundry, an I sulk-
able domeitic arrangements; held for a long term a: a wit
-rate rent.
Ti. be viewed till the sal••, With tickets only ; winch, with
printed Particulars, may he h..d of Illesa,s. E. 1114,11 and NNW
nor, No. 62, Corahilli On the Premiics; and at Garrawey's.

LONDON •—Punted by GLORGE DAVIDSON, No• SAI
WyEli street, St. Cletnetse's, mid published hy JOS! tH
RYDEIt, at the Office, N... IS, Rack of 5... eleiverrntl
Ch 'r h, Strand, where Orders tor tits Nye!, 4c (9e00%1+)
1.411 bit duly ataeniltsd us.

ROUSE 07 U
The Committee .4
Pt
perr.v, which .teed

.1311)trOW •
Th.,f I,onl•hlnq then
of Gardnot's Due
was
.71 efrnh..teietb
fn f.,n;Le EalT, as cii! I:,
M
ble
of the east
~.th it; and eonten
I 1.,.vr. fne their 1
I:“'‘initrons m the Bill.
After the Cooligel ha
'Clic nid, without an
Owe. wit firtilWith
vuntatitted twniunnw.

TilELl

The Order being
Judges for the purp
re,peling this impr
the suite was read
number of manusc
Ifs o ; the result
the decree of the C
Ths I.ORD CF
the [hose in a 'pee(
oiMdiiiis upon the c
~o ,s, br nferred t
t o twat of Lord C
sae.% to his own ni
of the case, he cou
tertsin any doubts
rule• of construft
with respea to w
certainly should
to any proposition
the Noble And Lea
a Resolution, tend
nn the question I}ei
and :t was forthwit
The Order for thi
ed, their Lordship:
of immediate PRIV
squently precluded
meat of what past
MR.

On oar readmis
maul a Petitioc
been just presentee
c'taratlr• 111 e I
acting circtunsui
Defore aI. reader
Petitioner was pi
defekling liisewlf
Majesty's Court n
formed that a 1111
tamed several CI,
Cie elf Rof an ex
prayed that thrir
justice, would so
law, at the time of
ultrred.

The Potiti

ll;ghaess the 1)
h. upon the table
COLONI I. IN
Lord IIOLLA
made a few obsei
in which he seem
he said, obtained
certain cosuanodi
into some of otr
Jamaica, in bott
to be a relazatioi
the West India
worthy of attent
to bring forward
tin& inforrnatioi
upon it.
These observat

ther irregular
ton, the Larl of

the Duke of M
the Noble Duke
der the existing
America and o
British bottom
Where a strong e
regulation migli
order bed been
crs should be AS!
strong necessity
of provision, but
tions sent was cei
iag trade.
After some
Earl and Lord
Callen trim the).
who did not p
planation given,
portsinity to me
had alluded.
The Order of
derat ion of the I
on the pan of
accordingly aga
Lord HAW]
under the circus
farther proceei.
Judge, had ben
of l'a.-liament.
the ninice he ha
liberty to bring
for the purpose
state of progree
the next Session
prorogation or
bad Callen front
mentioned the
Bill may very
iri;. What he

11.11.
--Ito, *the Sept id hepatic' o 'the
Senate and Petiole or Ocnoa, boxes oral
in very fr
41 eirrionstance. and your wishe., have often czlied upon me, a convoy c
for the lAA OA year,, to int dere in your domestic coercion. the Itearin
1 hMe always endeavoirreil to inure peach (,r t, and to vented me
trims- hire those liberal ideas tertin crull alone croNo en your " Out ti
Gov.rmorot duet splendour which a firr.ncrly ent iyetl. Hot three 'wrist
1 early h,ol convincing proof of the utter insprotlitiiity in overtook I
ialtich you were placed to atchieve any thing worthy of your us close In
Ihrafathers.. A great change has taken place, the now priori- immediate
.plesef maritime law, which 'the triglivlt have adopted, and very brisk
!amplified th, greatest part of t utorre to re:ognisit; tha right the Queer
tifoluckadeowinch Ois Ur then power to extroul to plots!, jeAy, Aim
which are Out bb.ckaded,even to whole coa,ti attd rivets, and out a carg
'which in of is nothing she titan to contioul at their plea• arid had fi
'sae the commerce of the world ; the increaVng depredation, 1 wounded.
of the &diary powers; all tho 4 circitustances irr.Aetated to I wounded;
ounded
gave h;
you nude a arroin:A independewcr. romerify wit be
ft' atettil to in for having endeavoured to estahlbli the
ft triton of true seas, and to compel the limitary Pow-IN tt,

Extra& of a Letter from Captain J. Allemes.
Commander of the privateer r iiirendtlfr, dated
I‘lay SO :
*lasing left the rood of Dunkirk on the 16th of April last,
• wit chattel on the 1311:10 day by an Fnglish corvette, who pur-
sued me, without elect, until the following morning. I re-
maimed roe it.ght days in the North Sea, not being able to ap-.
roach Pngland nn account of the violence of the Easterly
wind. The oily rencerarre wilch I had rat on the 41st of
April, with the English Wiliam, of
N.:greases. laden
with cua's for liftman ',Welt I sunk, after having taken the
crew no ho.ted. lieviUgdoutiteil the °wade., on the this of
• Apr,!. I took and conk two other English chip', the Nile and
ii la lon with lab, for the Baltic.
totti I sunk the WI Mary, hound with a like car-
. • !.% 4'
_ . f May, in 47 decrees let imide,l eramed, with.
IC. wester, the brig Roth coming from Lesbun,
a • 71 lot bike, 10 balm of Mtn.. and WOW
• -
•

- .
- • .
. ..
•
um M.T., SALES BY AUCTIOY. *. , -'N^.• / efr . • 0
II /I .--.....—..... .•
3to ' IMINORIFS. A -' o' '. ...
keeper 31: 4 Ay Messrs. ILIURTON and VENNOR, . t
. - .
ant 312 O (ta n THURSDAY next, at rraway's, by the Direettrin,,Of c. .
,;,,* ,
10 the Pro•vietor .
merchant 10 re 1-NHE LEASE, with immedire Poiseseirm, of a `,":'
ary
hia-i
Axe sr 2 1
1 convenient DWFLUNG tdOIISV., anti exintrnandin i-;
g • ltr:
,
' Shop, desneily situated N. , Minories, Ct• Ill ti 1.114 S.i Cl4lllO I'
Mi,ldle-
bers, with convenient closets, dioitig roo ii, parlur, prat C•3l, .
1 1
senient shop, back warehou.e, arid et ...ii,tic eonvenienvies ;
Deptford,
held for an unescriired term of yeas at Midsummer 180..
factor 1 11
at the low rentof
'
To he viewed ; and Particulars had on the Premises; at Gar. DI/JERI./
fa. av'%; and of Mew's. Hurom and Vellum, 0, Cornhnt. 1::/.__MBER 1.79.
2 11
-
_ -
