WARWICK ASSIZES,

MK PRIM COVVIT. •
Before Cfrf Rage Rim=No and • Spiebd Any.
sumertest istooL.--wasi mg* 0. 1. U. ilitahltsts.
Mr. BAADER erased the pleadings.-oTlele was Mt Maki-
mem eetargiag the Denotes* with uolawfolly weitine and
publishing • certain scandalous and seditious libel of and
contusing the Goverisment of this kingdoms. and the rm.
ployinewt of the King's troops, and of sod concerning his
Royal Higher.. ilw Report, on the *oth day of December
last. i• the parish of eirmillillelam"
Sir. CLARKE stated she ease.—He expatiated, at consi•
durable leugih, on various extracts from the libel (which
were afterwards read In evidence), and described the whole
emitter of the publication to he, in the highest degree, libel.
loos and seditious. He ridiculed, is very painted term., the
folly and presumption of persous, is the low sad utterer*
sphere of the Defendant, setting themselves up as the eva-
sion of Government, the reformers of use venerable Consti-
tution, slid the advisers of their Prince. When he had
proved the publication, be had No doubt that the Jury woold
find such a verdict as would satisfy the justice of the case—
s verdict of Guilty against the Defeodant.
The libel, which was entitled " Ais Address to the
Re-
formers of Birmingham cud Neighbourhood," was then
put in.
The Cm KV nalllolll inquired, whether the Defendant wished
the whole of the pliblication to he read;
The Deferidsnt answered in the negative.
The Clerk then reed the following extracts:-.
" Fellow-countrymen—A crisis is fast approaching, which,
to use the memorable expression of the celebrated Niue,
will try men's souls; it is • crisis wherein the patriotism of
all will be put to the severest test, and which must for
ever decide the fate of nor native laud; it is aci Isis big with
events of the greatest insportante, mot only to ibis, but to
every .uceeediug generation; for upon the issue depends whe-
ther Englishmen are to enjoy the Wettings of liberty, sad
their country be great and free, which from the exeelleacy of
its climate, ice soil and reeoerces, they had ought to expert;
or whether they shall submit to a military despotism, ae.
companied with all the horrors-of starvation and servitude.
Look at the sittistiou of uufiertusiate trebled, groaning under
the iron rod of military oppression ; think of the Numberless
privations and persecutions experienced by that ill.fsted
country; and figure to yourselves your own situation, go-
versed by a similar system of tajustice snit barbarity.
" We have already experienced, in the murder of our
countrymen at Mauchester, and the shameful denial of jus-
tice to the injured, what we have to expect from the clemency
of our rulers, when their will supersedes that of the law.—
That never-10-be-forenttes event is a tolerable fair specimen
of the manner its which we shall be treated if they are suf.
erred to ancceed in their nefarious warfare against our
rights; ye., I say, should they succeed is OW last crusade
against pin, slavery, more ignomioious than even Egyptian,
will be your lot. Rouse then from your lethargic slumber,
soil 'mike every exertion that is possible to thwart the nimbi-
nations of your oppressors ; trust to none but yourselves;
be firm and prudent, and your efforts must ultimately be
crowned with success. The moment is now arrived when it
is absolutely necessary that every Englishman who values
the prosperity and welfare of his country should be at his
post. • • • • • • • •
" In oar own town the petty satraps of despotism have
and are still using every exertion in their power to accom-
plish their villainous design; but I bur the erns conduct
of toe people of Birmingham will expose them to that con-
tempt they m-rit. Every effort, both fair and unfair, has
heeu made by the sleek-headed tribe to get up what they
call a loyal, but what I should designate • lying, decla-
ration, as it is well known that numbers of individulls
have been threetened with the loss of their employment,
and consequently the means of existence, if they re-
fused to sign it; while in another instance it is report.
ed that names have been seized to this precious docu-
ment without even asking the consent of the permits whose
Signatures hail been thus shamefully forged; and this is
to be presented as the petition and sentiments of the
people of Birmingham—although I feel convinced, were the
inhabitants of this town assembled together to expreis their
reel opiulons spun the substance of the said declaratiow, they
werld copy the example set them by a late Noble Lord, and
pronounce It as false as hell. Now I would leave it to any
impartial person to decide who are the greatest traitors to
their Prince—those who would address him io the honest
language of truth, and point out to him the precarious posi.
lion in which be stands, and caution him against pursuing
those measures which can only end is his own rein; those
who would represent to him the real situation of the coun-
try, and thereby enable him to escape, before it is too late,
the dancer with which he is threatened; or those who would,
by perverting facts, only stimulate him to persist in that
career, which must either end in a national convulsion, or
reduce the couutry to the lowest ebb of political degrada-
tion (in either of which alternatives he must become the
victim.) I think it needs not much penetration to decide
which of these two is his real friend; and was the Prince in
possession of the least generosity, be would know how to
appreciate the honesty of his people. But, alas! the ear of
royalty is deaf to the just complaints of an oppressed tui-
tion; meirrutandett by every luxury the country can produce,
the misery of minnow is forgotten.
• • • 000000

" It has been threatened, by some of the scribes is the
pay of eurruptiou, that if we were not perfectly quiet, and
submit ourselves to be fleeced by the system, ultimo' tour-
inuring, • foreign force will be introduced to compel us.r-
-1 say, let them come; and cursed Ise the hand that would
not grasp the ve.igeful steel to free his country from oppres-
sion ! Could Coglishineu, so famed fur their valour and
wisdom, who boast of their descent from the illustrious
and immortal Hampden Sidney, auJ other celebrated
patriots, crouch to a band of foreign mercenaries? Could
Englishmen ever submit to have the produce of their
industry devoured by wretches, hired by traitors to cut
down with their swords the principles of liberty? Could
Englishmen bear to see their wives, their daughters, sad
themselves, insulted by • ferocious soldiery? No, God
forbid it! sod Britons forbid it too! Let us, like the brave
Spartans at Thernsopyls, jump into the breach, resolving to
save our country, or perish is the attempt; fur, better would
it be to end our lives in the glorious struggle, than live the
slaves of cowardly despots, who would even disgrace the
savage hordes of Africa. 1 feel coovinced that nothiug
would please the fiends of loyalty better than to see an
army of bloodhounds massacring the Reformers. Hew
they would leap in eestaey at the fight. Even the hatcher-
ing of about twenty poor Radicals at Manchester was to
them a subject of general exultation; bet bow would
that joy increase if as many thousands could be sacri-
ficed to their iosatiable appetites! Bat 1 hope that cou-
rage, which is the characteristic of Britain's Isle, will not
forsake it on the present occasion; for all the fortitude
we are in possession of will be wanted is that contest which
the madness of our oppressors seems likely to bring upon us :
at all events, the approacbiug crisis will be very different
fauna what the people of this country have ever before ex-
perienced; it will, if they act with firmness, be one of the
greatest changes that ever occurred iu ; it will not
be, as it beretotore has been under similar circumstances,
merely a change of men, while the state corruptions were
suffered not only to exist, but to spread their luxuriant
branches over every part of our civil stud religious
lions—it will not be • displacing one family to put in its
place another equally as bad; bet a general alteration of
the system, a victory of the whole people over a nuisiareln-
cal despotism, a cruel aristocracy, and a boroughinorgering
oligarchy.
0 Britons, slumber no longer!
OTo be happy yea must be free—
" To be free you must be united.

"Too bag has discord raged ainesgst you: it Is that
which has been the bane of Britain ; it is that which hoe
enabled your V 1,641411 to civil On your einseisied limbs She
iron chain of slavery; sad it is discord *lose that no 'sable
them to casuistic their tyrnuuie sway. Rosso, then, as
you value every thing that is dear to Englishimes, sad
unite; for, if you du rot, depend spoil ii you will beam.
as easy prey so your oppressors, who, like Setae of old, go
pro. hug through she load, seeking whims they esis devour.
It always hes been the favourite maxim of (prawn, In divide
sad rouge,: • sad, alas! tins ales have we aces that hellish
plan attended with success. But let us lope that so she

opie ease, 2
11/1211111412121212. 5111121211114 whom the greaten imaususity
mid by tans dwhieh they ere able to perk your pokes at
the very lime you are demecatine their villinies. By lig,
mesas example you may be aide to appmetate she effects td
suit,. What coolie a indlisos of mew perform that sere dl.-
United But wire that number ormeemed together in
common tante, with tom seatimeat •theatigig 16mnrh ii,„
whole, 1 would ask, what would br Mole to assist
Consider, then, that is England, Ireland, and Scuthnn, e.„
member of Reformers is estimated et four times the
amount; which body, world they act is maims, swiehg
dill ogee to all the tyrants is the world combined."
T. J. Vale' a prissier, at Binasugloon, deposed Ogg r:,c
Defendamt had employed him to ;wort the libel met lug I h ill
the indictment. He struck mill' IMO armee ; 100 were mut to
the ludgiags or the Defeatism ; sod, by his direction, lau
were delivered at the room s.f a society, called "The Bosun
Society of Birmioghans." The Defesolaut was resent vibe■
the copies were delivered.
Two loon¢ men proved that they had purcfased the at_
dress at the Deferideut's lodgings.
The ease for the pruseent ttttt tieing closed the Defeadaut,
who managed his own cause, was called ou for his dente*.
He commutated his address to the Jury by absentee *tor
the length of time ditriug which this prnorestaten had Leen
had in firearms over his head. The first prinedings which
hail been Militated against how commenced is. December
last ; and Inc bad then been held to bail, is order ill secure
his attendinee al the miluisig Quarter *minus of the
Peace, at which be was isiformed that the present tame
would he tried. Ott his impearsure at [Loss Seisiont he
was hammed that the case had been removed by a writ of
eertiorari into the Court of King's Bench, sod would tiere-
fore not tie tried before the Jesting of the comity. No Cu,.
tier proceedings were taken avowal him until the I ltlt
February, when he received notice to plead. He otglet fro,
however, to pat in say plea, partly from igooranee, asi
pertly from nut having the pecuniary resources sweets ivy b.
do so. He could assure the Jury that his orglect to plead
did not arise from any desire on his part to evade the par.
sults of justice; on the coots-my, he was beady, if he 'ma
committed an offence, to submit to ally piiiiishateat whirl.
the Sews of his country might inflict upon him. As he did
not hear of any further steps heiug taken against bins tad
Easter Term, lie supposed that judgment had guise by de-
fault ; and it was not till his apprthemsitot ou the 19th, of
Jame that be was informed of the contrary. Stun that pr.
VOU lie bad been in custody. Un the 211 of July lie rereivr.i
a copy of the indictment f.,und against him, and also s no.
lice to prepare fur his trial at the ensuing Assizes. Berne
himself in prison, and alarm destitute of all prettyish) re.
sources, he had 11111 been able 111 mike such preparations Ibe
his defence as he might otherwise have done; he truit.d,
however, that such a deficiency of memos would nut excite
any prejudice sgaigist hiss in the minds of his Jury, but
would be considered by them not so much hie fault as hie
misforinue. They would observe, from this mammal of
Nets, that the present prosecution had been impend's( over
his head for the last eight months ; and he cost; amuse
them, that the anxiety and vexatious which bad 1224`11
cited in his mind during that protracted period of 2114.
pence and indecision, had bees infinitely inure dreadful
10 him than any punishment could be which might be in.
gieted upon hint, were they to give a verdict 111 favour of the
prosecutor. He had one observation to make to them 12101
regard to the indictment, which he conceived to he of some
importance. The indictment charged him wills basing aid.
teas the pamphlet which had elven rive to tins piusecuiiun,
fur the premise of inciting the liege subjects mil hi, Majesty
to rebellion. Now be lout that opportunity of informing
thrum, that be never had the slightest wish to seduce any of Lie
Alajesty's subjects from their allegiance; and be was ready to
make oath, if such en oath were deemed accessary, that ma ides
of that nature bad ever entered into his imagiustioo. As a
proof of this assertion he begged leave to acquaint them, that,
as ova as he leaned that the lessalency of his pamphlet was
cousidered to be injurious, and that this prosecution lmad
been instituted against him in cousequence of it, he had
stopped and prohibited its further tirculatitiu. They were
now appointed to decide whether in publishing it be bad or
had out beets guilty of as offence: to their decisiou be looked
forward with respect, not uneningled with meetly; fur epos
it would depend whether be was to continue bur a std Lougee
period immured in a prison, or 'whether be was to be ge-
stured to his wife, his (needs, Ins firmly, and 10 what was
as dear to him as life—be meant his liberty. He hoped that,
ill forming their opinion upon his case, they would lay aside
all local prejudices—all party feelings; they ought not to
be biassed by auy such unwurthy passions, but ought, by
virtue of their oaths, to do their duty fairly and impartially,
and without respect to persons, between himself and the
King—his nominal prosecutor. With these obeervalieus he
should leave his casein their hands: he placid in then the
fullest CObfideoce; he knew that they were the great bialwark
which the Cuustitutton bad provided for the denims of the
weak against the assaults of the powerful; mid from that
knowledge, and from a conviction of his own inoucence,
which he hoped to transfer to their mods, lie gladly threw
himself upuu them for protection.
Chief Banns litatattos then proceeded to sum up the
evidence; after which he infuriated she Jury that they were
the judges whether this publicattois was ur was slot a libel.
At the same time be should nut be perfuming Ms duty if he
did nut, in the execution of his office of Judge, state ta
them his oplitiou upon its nature and tenilt...ey. In order to
give them ao opportunity of decidoog ah, Hier his opinion
was correct or sot, he Mould rend the whole of the libel to
them, as by so doing they would be mare enabled to see the
bearings, and understand the insinuations which bad been
made In the extracts already read to them. The Leonid
Judge them read the whole of the publiratios, and in the
course of it stated that it was his CQUKielilloUll opinion that
it was a most virulent and atrocious libel.
The Jury then retuned, without a mougent's hesitation, a
verdict of Guilty against the Primmer.
Ou the Judge informing the Defendant that sentence
would not be passed upon him at that time, but that he
would he brought up during the next Term before the Court
of King's Beach to receive jetenwent, the Defendant asked,
whether be might be allowed to go at large ulnas bail until
that time; to which, if we understimil the reply of the lodge
correctly, it was answered that be could but. 'f be DeltuJaigt
was thew reconducted back to prison.
The case of the Ki we e. Cartwright and others is now said
is be Axed foe Thenday,

1111114, :trio
.
. !*
, . )
i reseed
I Let ea hops that thi
op,
I which ham bees dletriboted yr Le ih •
meows of patting you spr, 'MN it ihu eft k. ~
of your tyrants, and that is the end lon will be able t.. hem,
them is the Onaner they an deity &wive. But, above ah,
hi tue isesponnw on your winds the ancessity of tom/4m..
ilotion ;ir there wanted a portant' ilea benefits Arrived to our
1 Caine by iiiiiiun, We hive only to loot to mar opp.ea.o, i
-
