(ti

11.•

and which had been supplied plentifully to the
French squadron. The Court of Portugal dtrtiea
the Court of Franca to prodders any fact in contra-
die. I,m to this assertion, which is founded iu the
most exact and impartial truth. •
France received from Portugal, from• 1804 to
1807, all the coluniai commodities aim raw ma-
terials for her onsmuleietui Ch. The ellasiire ear dd-
lenu Portugal was useful to Franciti sad iu
the depression suffered by the arts and industry, in
consequence of a perpetual war by laud, and a dis-
astrous war by sea, in v..liich he only met se ith dekats,
it was certainly a great advantage to France, that'
the commerce of Portugal should suffer no inter-
ruption ; undoubtedly it was equally useful to both
countries. By ravaging Portugal, by subjecting her
to excessive contributions, in au taithearal-of man.;
ner, without war, or any resistance having been'
made on her part, Frutiee has lint oLtaiiied that
advantage, which a commerce, a eful to both coon-
trice, would have procured to her.
The Court of Portugal might tfien justly, and
with every kind of foundation, flatter itself that
that of the Thud:cries would rispect a neutrality
which it had acknowledged by a sclera treaty,
and from which it derived such decided Wm:DT
tages, a hen it was awaked froM its security, in the
mewl) of August, lend, la: a formel declaration
of the Minister of State for Foteign Relations, M.
• Talleirautl to Lord Yarmouth, by which the for-
' tiler notified to the latter, that if Animal did not
"ssialc.a maritime peace, the Freliab Government
woeld'eleclare war against Portugal, and order that
country to be occupied by 30,Qpi) men. It was
not with 30,000 men that the ievasibil of Portugal
could be effected; lout the Emperor of the French,
who knew the *sodality in which Portugal found
herfelf, iu tioneeqnciale of the treaty of neutrality,
thought hr could take her by surprise. and this
was sufficient to instifjr his proceedings.. The
• Court of Eaglaud was alarmed by the above decla-
ration, and potemsed and o•.ereel to that of Par.
. all kind of succour; hut Frauci2„ which at
that period had arranged every bung to crush the
'Pruetian Court, which then alone hid defiance. to
-the sapetriar pewter of the Emperor of the French,
'while a tweiveulotith before it wool I not attack,
and perhaps compel him to receive the law, and
save Europa. jointly with P.ussia and Austria,
found means to pacify the Court of Portugal,
which he than choke to spare, and could not con-
ceive that a similar perfidy could be the attribute
of a power, whose iresgriess ahonl l keep pace
with that integrity and those (lit:tidied sentiments,
which suit so well an exalted rink.

The war which was afterward, coatiiined with

Russia, and which might yet perhaps hove wad
Europe, if the union of the Governments which
--.e1,„;..id0e-it. had been as claw us it should hare been,
/lilt retarded the exccation 'of' the views of the.
Emperor of the Frei.cii with regard to the Court
of Portugal; and it was only by concluding the
peace of Tilsit that the Court of the 'Thitillerie, in
a dietatorial tone, such as might have become
Charlemagne, addressing the Prince* whose 60.
vereign lord he wee, caused the strange demands
to be made to the Court of Portugal, through
time medium of the Preuch Charge d'Affaires, and
by the Spanish Analaissadorm-Ist, To shut up the
ports of Portugal 'monist England. ,3cl, To detain
all Englishmen who resided iu Portugal; and, 3d,To
coofiscate all English property ; or, in case of re-
fusal, to expose itsellto an immediate war with France
and Spain, because the Freud) Charge d'Affaires,
and the Ambassador of Spain, had orders to deport
on the Ist „So. shout three weeks after the mid
proposal was made, in ease the Court of Pir-
tugal should not comply with all the pretensions of
the two Cututs. The good faith of the French
Government is no less remarkable, with regard to
the celerity with which, ulcer having made that
declaration, and without waiting for the answer of
the Court of Portugal, it ordered all Porttignese
merchant-ships to be detained, which were in the
ports of Prance, and by that measure actually be-
gan hostilities, without any previous declaration of
war, and thee carried a far greater length all the
proceedings which formed its continued topic of
reproach against England; which, after such a con-
duct, will be justly valued.
The Court of Portugal might then will have
adopted the knon ti maxim of the Homan', and
been convinced, that disgraceful condition' fie-
qtietitly saved thine who refuse them, and brought
destruction upon those by whom they were proposed;
but on the one side it could not believe that the
ciiiirt of theThuilleries made, in earliest, proposal.
which committed both its honours and its dignity ;
and, on the other side,it hoped to ward oft the storms
desirous of sparing the blood of its people; and
placing implicit eoulitlence in the friendship of His
Britannic Nhiesty, its old and faithful ally, it ms-
'deavoured to render the pretrosions of the French
Government more moderate, by acceding to the
shutting up of the ports, and refusing the two other
articles, as contrary.to theprinciplemof the public
law, and to the treaties, which subsisted kiettteen
the two natioulii and. his Hnyal !Lewis:the Prime
•Regent of Poi tuguCliad no hesitation to declare.
that those articles wounded crproily religion and
tfia.ptinciplra ocmorality, from which he never!!
viatea; aid oi4ich are, perhaps, the true cause of
thq nosOakitit fidelity which lie has
ii.perieuced)
IS ail part of his subjects.

I • The Court of Portugal then began toadopt mea-
sures for securing its ietroaf‘to that part of the
:Portuguesedominions which is not exposed to any
: nivasion, the consequences of rh6ch might create
alarm. For this purpose, it ordered all such ships
of war as were fit t . keep the sea, to be fitted out,
and also directed all the English to leave its doini-
! Mons, and sel; tow property, with an inletaion to
shut the ports aga list England, iii order thus to
avoid un effusion of the blood of its subjects, which
would probably have proved useless; mid to eadea-
vour to comply with the views of the Emperor of
I the Freud', in einehe should not allow himself to
be softened down .by that justice with which the
Court of Portugal asserted the rights of its inde-
pendence, along with those which resulted from the
treaty of neutralikv.cocaCiAia in 1804. Thc Court
alf the Thuilleries, unwilling to agree to any; conci-
liatory measnres, cud having demanded not only
the shutting up of the ports, but also the impri-
sonment of all British suljeets, the confiscation of
their property, and the dereliction of the project
to retreat to America, his Royal Highness the
Prince Re7eat of Portugal, who knew, on the one
side, that .I hi; Britannic Majesty, his true and old
.ally, informed of all the transactions which were
going on, would cansent to the shutting up of the
ports, in order to save Portugal from the invasion
of the French, and ohs was convinced, on the
other side, that there WS: no 1 roger any Eiiglish-
man iu Portugal, Olin was act 'naturalised in that
country, and that all Eitgli.ll property limp lieu sold,
sc•d even its an:oont exportial,adopted the resoluti-
on to shut up the ports og.tiost Loglesid, :and clam
to comply with the re,t of the dematuls and preten-
sions of France, declaring, however, lit the same
, time, that, should the Freud' troops cntrr Porto-
;al, .his latoyal Highness was lit oily resolved to re-
move the seat of Coveruinetit to Bruit, 'which
!forma the most important and hest defended part
of his dominions. Hi; lioy.l 11,glinesi then Or-
dered the whole of his army to more to the toast
nod seaports ; supposing th.it as France had essen-
tially obtained all she.deitiantied, she had nothing
more to a-Ic ; cootpling in mit ' goticf faith, which
ought to be considered as the fundaiiietilial pie-
ciple to every Goyerittneot which has ceased to be
revolutionary ; and feeli.ig conscious that having
done every thing in his power to secure the trail-
qnillity of his , eolde, awl avoid an useless effu-
sion of blood, he had fulfilled all the duties of a
virtuous Prince, adored by his subject*, and who,
to the Supreme Being alone, has to sceoeut for
Ms 'actions.

The French Government there observed a line of
conduct towards his Royal Highness and his demi-
nions, which would be uisprecedented in history, were
not the iiivasioo of Switzerland by France, in the
time of the Executive Directory, of a similar de-
scriptien. General ..lunot, without any previous do-
,claratioa, without the consent of the Prince. Regent
of Portugal, entered the kingdom with the vanguard
of his army, assuring the people of the country
through 'Midi he marched, that be was going to
succour his Reyal Iliglicseas against au invasion of
the English, and that he entered Portugal as the
General of a friendly dad allied hver. He received,
on his journey,cconvincing proofsof the good faith of
the, Portuguese Government ; for he witnessed the
perfect uneasiness which prevailed with regard to
France ; and that all the Portuguese troops were
near the comit. • His 'Royal Highuess the Prince of
Portugal, surprised in such au extraordinary men-
net', 'mot have rallied around him ►he body of
troops, which were at a small instance from bites,•
caused the English fleet to cuter the port of Lis-
bon, and thus cut to pieces the small and miserable
corps with which General Juaot was advancing,
' with a degree of temerity which would have been
ridiculous, haul not General Junot, whose conduct
at Venice and Lisbon hes but made I ton wall
known, relied on the feelings of a virtuous Priam,
who would never expose his people to the most
dreadful of calamities by a sure first louvres, which
only could have served to chastise the audacity of
a man, who, like matey others, abased the power
with which► he was entrusted, or who acted in pur-
suance of orders which cannot lie justified.
His Royal Majesty the Prince Regent then
adopted the only measure which could suit his si-
tuation, according to the principle which he had
constantly followed, to save the blood of his
people, and in order to prevent the criminal plan of
the French Government from being carried into
execution. which had nothing less in view than to
*mute his Royal Person and the whole Royal Fa-
oily, in order to divide, at its own will ■nd plea-
sure, the epode of the Crown of Portugal mud the
Portuguese domisions. Providence recouided the
efforts of. a just Prince, and the magnaiiiinous re-
solution-which his Royal Highness adopted, to re-
tire, with his August Royal Family, to Brazil, dis-
concerted at once the efforts of the French Govern-
ment. and exposed, in the clearest light, in the
face of Europe, the criminal and treacherous' views
of a government which aims at the nonverbal domi-
nation of all Europe and of the whole 'world, if the
great Europcno Powers, reused from the lethar4ic
stupor into which they are stink, do not make
common cause vigorously to oppose an ambition so
immoderate end exctirsive.

Since Ins Royal Ilig'itiess's safe arrival in his
tiptainiens, its Road, lie has learned with horror,
Hot only the u►urpation of Tortuga!, and the

loge and pluudcr practised in that country, but
also the ►hameful proceeding of the Emperor of•
the French, who, as th 4 true dictator of Europe,
dares to reprevent it as a crime of his Royal High-
ness's, that he as removed his ►eat of Government
to Brazil ; and in his faithful subjects who followed
him, to have accompanied a Prince, whom all his
people revere, still more on account of his vir-
tues, than of the rights of his August Royal Family,
which he has inherited, and by virtue of which ht•
reigns over them. His Royal Highness has, wit-
nessed with horror the hardihood with which on
attempt has been made, in an offieial paper, to
proscribe the rights of his Atigust Royal Family to
the Crown of Purtugul, with which he will never
part ; RIO lie is entitled to demand of the
Emperor of the French, from what code of the
law of nations he has drawn similar principles,
and received such an authority, claiming to
this subject the most serious cousidt ration of
all European powers, who cannot see with indif-
ference what has here been stated, and the intro-
duction of a new Government in Portugal, without
his consent ; as well as the raising of an exorbitant
contribution, demanded from a country which
opposed no kind of resistance to the entry of the
French troops, and which, on this very ground
could not consider itself as being at war with
France.

The must remote posterity, us well as itnpartiul
Europe, will see with grief similar transactions,
the forerunners of ages of barbarism and misery,
sneli as those which followed the downfall of the
Roman Finpire, and which cwmot be avoided, un-
less esev thins be tirade to restore the ertulimoitd of
Europe, by an unanimous effort, and with a total
rthlivioil of all ideas of rivalship, winch have hi-
thetto Ikea the true causes of the eleven iou of that
uluala.traua palaver which threatens to swallow up all.
After ilea correct anal true statement, mark by
his Royul Migliners the Prince Regent of Pc:Ain-gal,
to Europe and to his subjects, of every thing erhich
has between the Portuguese and French
waver:in:eat ; and as the Emperor of the French
has not only invaded Portu,,al, and laid that coun-
try under time most dreadful and ulmost incredible
contrilintions, under the clnuk of frie:alship, but has
also long ajo withdrawn his emu hil&S) from his Royal
Highness's Court, and even caused Portuguese
menma.ai Slaps to be seized, which were in his ports,
sithoot any preview. ttttt of war, arid 1:00.
trif rt to an express article of the Thuty of Neutrat-
lityjneu wheat he derived the greaten advau tages ;
and, lastly, declated war against hint; according to
the Report of the Minister foi Foreign Affairs: his
Royal llighneso, after hating resigned his arose
onto the hands of the Aaglity, whom he hits every
right to invoke in so just u-e• ease, thinks it chic to
his rank, anal to the dignity alms crown, to mirky
the following deelovation :
His Royal Hog:meta 'breaks off all communi-
cation w,th France, recalls all the nieur!..irs of lams
Embassy, if any should .yet remain, and :authorises
his subjects to wage war, by sea slid land, against
the subject* IX the Emperor of the French.
His Royal Highness declares null and void all
the treaties which the Emperor of the French has
compelled him to conclude, and in particular those
of liadajoz and Madrid, in tsui, amid that of situ-
trality in lao4, because he has violated, sod never
respected them.

His Royal Highness shall not lay down his arms,
unless in concert with His Britannic Majesty, his
old end faithful ally, avid will never agree to a
cession of Portugal, which forms the most ancient
part of the iolieritimee and of the rights of his
August Royal
%%lieu the Emperor of the French shall have ea.
tidied, in every point, the just claim of his Royal
Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal, and shall
hare relinquished the dictatorial and imperious tone
in which he lords it over oppressed Europe; and
when he shall have restored to the Crown of Portu-
gal all he lots invaded in the midst of peace, and
without the least provocation, his Royal High-
ness will avail himself of the earliest opportunity to
renew the connexion which hasalways suLststed be-
tween the two countries, and which ought to esi-t
between notions, which will never lte divided but by
the principles of an inordinate ambition, a hich, at--
cording to the experience of ages, have also proved
destructive to the welfare and tranquillity of all tui-
tions, by which they were adopted.
Rie Janeiro, /day t, lass•

SPAIN.

(Front 71, Ceneee Cosine.)

lIIADIUD, JULY 27.

Authentic intelligence has reached this city,
that General Dtipont has surrendered, after the
complete defeat of his army, which consisted of
20,000 men, on the 21st of this month, between
11.1t.it and Andujar, in Andalusia. troops
had eommitted the greatest outrages in even• place
which they had entered. The Freud) army were
delivered np as prisoners, to the disposal of the
Junta of Seville.—The attacks which were inade
upon his army lasted from the 15th in the morning.

" General Mouc•ey, who was iii Valencia with
11,000 men, has returned hither with the small
remains of his army. The Arragenesc &tin&
ing themselves with this utmost bravery agrunst the
attacks of the French.

" The troops of!elicit which, it is wad, are

coming to besiege this city, and rescue it tom
slavery, amount to about 45,000 men.—Those
Andalusia to 50,000 ; those of Estratnadura to
-m,ituu, and of Murcia to 20,000. A part of theta
have already arrived within eight or uitie league. of
thi. city. The populace are in a state of the im
most ferment.

as
MANZAN•L, JULY 30.
" The head-quarters remain here. 011 our Ii ft
we have the enemy at Leon. The exercising awl
new organization proceed a ith the greats !irony.
tude, and the Generals, Officers, and Suldiir,i
i ~patient fur the moment of coming to action with
the enemy.—General Cuesta Ia gode to Salamilic4
to orzauise a (owe there.

" C0R1:W.44, ACC.
" The Tunnant, of AO gnio, au Eughsh e
of those taken from the French ut the Nile•, lb Colll.'
into our port."

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,
THURSDAY, Aucurr 11.

By the Swallow brig, the arrival of whieh we
mentioned yesterday, we have receive.' Como.
oil Papers to the SEII instant. Poor J.s.i:teir appeci
co be destined the victim of NAPO I. EU *hunt and
caprices, mid brother LUCIEN, who refused to Net a
principal part in the drama which We so keg
been a tragedy for Europe, already appears
the mist sagacious politician of the family.
tide has turned completely against' NAPOLEON....
l'he Patriots are advancing to Whid, acid Jostra
is preparing to run away from it ; while BESSILILI,
who was advancing to Andisj.sr, is falling lisieLto
cover the retreat of the unfortunate 6/CSEPEL

The Manifesto of the Court of Poitagal, dat•d
*Rio Janeiro, May 1, justifying its recent comliwt
in relation partieolarly to Fniner, ix given iu stir
preceding

Accounts of a very satisfactory and important
nature were yesterday received by the Spani,li
Ministers, front the Hague. The Chevsl.ot
D'Artumtea, SCI.I to the Nobleman of that name,
whom long resided here in' London, in a puhhe
character, left the Hague only 6ve days ago, en till
Sth inst. He declares, that previous to hie quitting
Holland, it wait Weil 'known that the Austrian (ie.
remanent had dsa*uded or Box•ipiaTt. to :eta
that the a'relich troop-, quartered iu the Prussian
dominions, should immediately evacuate that
country,. in compile et with the stipulation
and artiefes of the Treaty of Tilsit. If Iles
intelli,,;eace is authentic, a war between Frinee
aid Au-tria may be considered as tanniueet
an .nevitaltle. Nor eau Prussia, so fa.: as that
Powei lerivesses any enema of resistances or cf
oGe..ee, remain a mere spectator of each a
contest. In lisly, the indignant fermentation, e
by the outrages, viobenc , and excesses of tha
Corsican Tyrant, is every where rcalbt to burst nee
action. Throu4nout t. e Neupolitaikt.eresiory, par-
ticulerly in the Provi See of the Afirezzo, which is
con' Iguous to the Panel_ doelinions, aid nntlessia
Calsb in, the inhabitaitts sit t may the
ri-c ui on their r.ppres ors. In the city of Naples it-
self, lint less than ersons are knowti tohlite
sigl.itie d, through %brie agents, to the COurtof
lertne, their &tenni tuition to Lila:: up arms agslii‘st
the two Brothers of Ajoiccio, %believer the mo-
ment was considered to be favourable. It
been, for three months past, the coo-state of of
the Sicilian Governineet to repress this spirit of
loyalty, and to restrain its effect*, tilt. they iniK:it
produce the best consequences. The precautions
and exhortations adopted in Tuscany .by :phut.
in order to quell or to mollify the popular detesta-
tion, Ruffigiesitly manifest the apprehensions of tier
French Government at Florence and at Legh‘r.:.
—Even the Piedinnotesc have exhibited. timilir
sentiments and a similar disposition. I)uroxf3
surrender may not improbably light up these com-
bustible elements into a Mame. BONAPARTE, from
whom such circumstances could not remain coo-
ecaled, may, therefore, notwithstanding the deli-
cate, precarious, and critical position of his affairs
beyond the Pyrenees, have regarded his extant to
Paris, or to the Rhine, as indispensable. 'it is, in-
deed, difficult, or impossible, on any other prin-
ciples, to ex: ditin his departure from Bayonne, be-
fore he had even 'scented intelligenee of his
brother's arrival at Madrid.

The Thunder bomb, Charger, Piercer, and ril r•
&sleet gan-briv., sailt•J from Multiuse on tlic
June, with a fleet, consisting of seventy- ax sail,
bound to the 13altic. When ',early abreast of the.
South end of Sultholm, the wind l:ega.: to slat ken.
About 5 p. m. the Danish sailing and gnu-boats he•
gall to attack the Lo.ivoy. The Tarbeleora main-
ton-mast liming shot sway, she was obliged h,
etr.ke. The Charger and Piercer being m the
van, far distant, and the wind unfavourable,
could' mot mast the rear. The enemy then formed
ea both quartets, and a-stera of the Thinakr, two
eta-pounders were got nut naafi, and the lire krl't
up from 6 to lb p. m. and alien the cuemy
only seven shot, out of their complement of 1..0,
were left. lied the Thraider been captuted,
thing could have saved tine convoy ; and is conse-
quence of the great evertions of Captain Caul...
FIELD and crew, only twelve fell i:.to the hinds
of the enemy, several of which west ilenerted. by
their crews, te•fo:e the enemy's
near.
