THIS EV fillilKG, \ION DAY. Ftl►rurry 1,
• will be mete ±, the Trsemly of

JANE MHORF.

Doter'? flliicter,ll;.Egerton; Used Naming., Mr Young;
Damon,. Mr Macready ; Belmont., Mr. Claremont.
Miss Sevierville; Jane Shore, Miss O'Neill.
To whirl will be added (for the 31s1 time), a New Grand
Paatontime. called
HARLEQUIN lIUNCHAUSEN;
OR, THE FOUNTAIN OF LOVE.
Ilsowt Attorchatoou.lllr.Sinamt.rs ; Harlegnite. Mr Heath;
Sir 1:.t.r0 Fr.e.tteos (afterwards Pato.ilnool. Mr Norman;
M. Lod llosopy.H.owly (afterwards Chown). Mr.( ;
an. Mr. tomer. Algoma Fragrantia (afterwards Colton.
bi..*, Miss F. Dean. it.
the rose of the Pattlominsv, a Pas de Trois, by the
• Deports..
l'lsrr stir Buttes to lw takes of Zr 6,! Brandon, at tie
Hart-m.. 4, from Tea till VOW.
A Proiralt. VOX may ire had fur Ore Seamy, or niyistly, of
Mr. ll.aroloo, at the -s:
Thr 11. e Gonot P,, tomitnc, called Harkquiu Ifooebtoi..
aro. will o.l,•pear, d every Es, ninz.
T...eneirow, tits Opra of Ruh Ruy Mselreegrfe,
Ou 'Kr rinr,day, 'the Fowl of 110..0ur ; after which will
be rev:verl 4...stelts thOTle-alre), I.l**s the
hi Th"'":1"), T*mhe Merg.ai's Opfirs;. Cleats' Marheath,
Mr. lino this Simi appear...Hee oo tin Strip); Polly, Miss
Si-als
thefirlolo4lllll.l. GmfilltauunioC sr The Giluq's
Tr,•;.Ou : r .try Wrltstn, \lots Stephen; ; Meg' Merritttaf
:Visa Suwervitle.
A sea is is preparation, sad will be produerd is
the course of the week.

FOR THIA WEEK ONLY.
ROYAL. CIRCUS AND SURREY THEATRE.

I' &lON DAY, Fcbruury 1,
P and following Evening., at Haitian Six precisely,
for the sixth tine is Ail country,
THE AMERICAN INDIANC,
of tl:e Oneida Tribe, who arrived lately in the ship
Ptclfic, will exhibit the War Dance, Mode of Combat, and
Hance of Pence, of the North Ansericau Warriors, and
deliver an Outline Oration.

After whirh /warmth time) • Romantic Caleduaieo
Romance I. three art., called,
THE HEART Or MID-LOTHIAN;
Or, THE LILY OF ST. LEON! • D'S.
Jolla, Duke of Argyle, Mr. T. P. Cooke • tie LairJ of
a, qt r. ; Ogurdie Robinson, alias
Staunton. Mr. Watkins; Archibald, Me. Fawcett ; David
Denur, Mr. Clifliod ; Reuben Huth. Mr. &ornery ; Rat-
cliffe, Mr. Ridgway. Queen of England, Mrs. Dahlia ; Lady
Suffolk, Mi... Bryan; Madge \VildAre, 31rs. Lgri tun ; Ethic
Dram, Mr.. Hare ;.Jeanie Mane, Miss Taylor.

Tu cuaclu.le rite a Cuuair, Heroic,Operatic, Trier, Pun.
1011111 MIC, Burlesque, burlett* SiactaculdE Patudy, muter
t►e mie of
DON GIOVANNI.

With Munn% grand Overton:, riftwated with the original

ACColllplitinentr.
The Dames ruder Ike directioit of Mr. Giroux, obis will
duce • Spanish Bolero, with Miss Sisir.os.
Duo Giovanni, Mr. Gibbon; lA/11 1:.1 (;1110,t
of himself, Mr. T. P. Cooke (their first appearssiee iu shone
characters) ; Duo fitetasiu, Mr. I.ennaril L.ernet Ito, Mr.
Faserillians; Bridegroom, Mr. Wyatt. Dunn.% Anna,
Brookes.

Tier Malt& Norm, by a real Pony (except in Ike kerenrl
scene of art II.) rhea, being wade oP wood, it can only be
snit to bye is the reprisals's of the Painter.
Knave, 4a.—Pd, Is.—Hattprke at ',altruist
Eight.
Duties to be opened at Half-past rive.-.llte Perforterattea
to eohcluilP by Llevess.

STRAND THEATRE, THE SANS PAREIL

THIS PRESENT MONDAY, February I,
,Itiriug the week, will be perverted (Itik taw),
a Ncw Srritb•CorUlC Bur&rim, railed,

t 11E HALF-I'AY i/FFICER;

OR, LOVE AND HONOUR.

Priacisisl Characters--Sir Felix Fairfax, Mr. Meredith;
rsoiser Fhwid, .Ir Buckingham; Captain Fiirkwury, Mr.
Jones; Fusee (his Berman), Mr. smulleli. Ji say Florid;
•11.• Le Bran; Aunt (!krvaist to Miss Isiefax;, Mts. Be-
•nirsoetler ; Muni Fairfax, MiiisSrutt.

Mitt which, •i favourite eiinsic Barletta, Called,
I HP:. (•4NJIIHOIt ;
• OR, BLAISE IN AMAZE.
Principal Character.—Bhiii.e, 11.. !Ant' hell first appear-
-. re in this Theatre" ; Lentos, Mr. Juhn Junes. Madame
I' dru., Mrs. Dal); Nannette, Mn. Bentetzrieder; 'Au-
t. ire, NI 04 Scutt.
!i the course of the. Piece an incidental Dance, I. Mr. J.
f”.“. bliss Harrison, (win the kines Theatre, swatted
the Corp.' de Ballet.
conclude with (311Ith lime), all entire new Melo.drainatic
Comic Pantomime, called,
THE FIRE GOBLIN.
AN I) THE THREE CHARCOAL BURNERS!

Piancipal Cusnic Clvirarters-31nxionain Waldeck (After-
%aids Pantaloon'', Mr. Daly; Martin ‘Valtitek (afterward%
1440, n), :%1r Kb by ; Gem 'afterso da ('lown),
Jauua Jnnra, utberwme COIIIIIII6IIIC
111.11trrzk. tllu Waltun.
In Smut" the Knot ing Festival and Kuril Fete, its
will be introduessl, a Pas de Deux, by Ale. Kirby and
Waltun ; and a (band Pug Srul, by Me. J.Junts,
atiunirstlytin chursieteriatit Dance&

r)IJ N I), in the neighbmithiffid of Flat-.ltem,
A TIN POUND NOTE—the Owtier, by arplyil.R
•t
No. 15, Saliamity•strert, Siruml. may have it semi, by
ovillg the Number. unit payiiig ull rxpeuses.—Apply hum
1:10.v.lo till Three oTAuck.

KING'S THEATRE, lax. 2S, INI9.
IN cOnseeptener of aline seintlit!mis It, l
lating to it Fr•rformsuce which took laser nt oho. Thea.
Ire, July 6. 1815, fir the Beurfit of the Waterloo Fund,
Mr. WATERS begs to solicit the attention of the Public to
the annexed plain Statement of Figores, and he will feel
most amt. Gil to soy person who 54'05.111 point out any error
In the Subscriptions, which lie liments heir): under the hr.
ressitv of publislutiz, to repel the infamous calumnies mi.
poled to Inns
DR. KING'S Tiniffitt, JCLY 6, 1815.
To Rectipts fur Waterloo Fund, as per Striatum of the
Julies or their Agents, iu Soliscription Book.
'Her Rov.l flizltecsa the Duchess of York, Lady
Fraser, att., l'iramin., Earl and Countess of
Dsrlingiroi, laird Mountjoy, 101. 104 each £S2 10 0
Duchess ut Wellington. Mrs. Rigby, 10/. each 211 0 0
His Royal 'Highness the Date of Clarence - 4 8 0
111,CUlitliess Diullty-and-Ward - 7 7 o
Lady Collingwood„ Mrs. Sneyd, C less of An.
trim, Mc. R. Leicester, Lady Geoi ge, M. Win.
Mitchel, Mr. Toth!, Jou. To, king, sssss Mr..
51. trick Hoare, Hoe. Mrs. Villirrs, Mrs. Lock-
wood, yr. W. Smith, Sir Henry Brydre, Mrs.
Gore On Mr Lloyd, Mr. 140,91... Free,
,Verelics orris') eh, Count
sase‘C.o..litess
CT., . . Novi, Mrs. Densistrund rrall, •
Mrs. ROmsdeu, Mrs. T. Chaplin, 1..41, Lloyd,
Lady G. Cavendish, Countess of Aylesbury,
Colonies. of IV3rwick, Mirchioncsa of Down-
. slitre, Slarcltioriess of Anglesey, Duke of Bean-
fort, Marquis of Worcester, Earl of Clooroell,
Couutess Csidigan, Duke of flueeleugh, Coon-
te.s of Chatham, Duke of Grafton, Countess
of Stlllon, Marchioness of Salisbury, 61. 6s. each 239 9 0
Mtrehiutiess of latianlow - 0 0 0
Mr. Evan', Earl of Se:Arbon-nigh, Mr. Blown,
Mr. Burgess, Mr. (Amidst. Lee, Sir George
'falliot, 5/ 5.. each - 31 10 0
• Hun. Mrs. Bagot, Mrs.Orby Hunter, Marquis of
H. *460, Sir U. 51ackworth, 51. each - 20 0 0
foluuel Doyle - - 4 4 0
Mrs. Lam., Mrs. Low and Mrs. Bushliy, Mrs.
Stanhope, Mrs. Puwnev, 3/. 3s. each - 12 12 0
Tu Subscriptious, ou twine 15 2 0

417 1

- 53 11

To Receipts at Pit Entrance, as pci Mr. fitley's
arridavit - - -
To Receipts at Box Entrance, u prr Mr Bejaia
affidavit - - - 9 9 0
..
To Receipts et Gaper,. r.ntoince, as p, r Mr.
Doperl4lll*s aftitheit - - TS 5 0
---,-----,..
f 558 6 0

Pia CONTRA, JULY, 1915.
Charges for Materials taken wit of firuidlil
Stock of 11.satre, Labour, &c. and mod by the
Treasurer appointed uuder the Court of Chan,
rely, sou that Court, 14.—
Fur Lighting Theatre in usual way. Trophies,
831111.10. &r for PrOCt<iolUall; Postiog Bills;
Hire ttf Rocket Lamps, Breakages, Oil and La.
b.le for Racket Lamps to Oltuninnie front
;uol iutraiur of 'fbeatic; mid LaMar for
Ikhltur Transpire rich s of his Majesty, his
Royd Highness the Puuee Regent, Om Duke
of Welhigiun, Britanisia Trampling ins the
Head of Rampart., NMI sultrl.y ushers; Print-
ing Address. Programme, :ac. ; FlttiuK up
Triumphal Car drawn by ther i? Horses; Trap.
pings Decorations, 8:r. fur ditto; Trappinzs
Decorations, &T. for Horses rode by Tium•
peters, as Heralds; Shoring up Stage through-
out, 11stei tats cut to waste :toil allowed for re-
turns, Cal !miters' Labour, 5.c.: snu.ity Mate-
rials, Pirating, Carrot. y, making and fixing
extra Barak, Slopes, lee. fur desreatinsg Cars
used in Flatlet composed expressly fur thr oc-
casion, emitted " The Triumph of Ca-sar:"
Military Bends, Advertisements. lac. isc.-
1:341.1 0 7
By Charges paid by Treasurer, as per
Receipts to hoards, Soldiers 14
Processions; IR, Morris, IV. Foi• •
ter, Music Cims ists ; for Printing
Bills, Circulars, and nods ; Re-
freAkmentt for Work-pruple and
Pert; woo, rs 113 t 1 4-459 4 11
To Balance paid into Waterloo mod - 99 1 1
(Signed) JOHN BRO M LEY, Isle Tres rrrrr to King's
Theatre undue the Cum I of Chancery.

Al.t. the £O,llOO Prises
lu the Lowry befirre last, and
Another £30,000 Prize in the Lottery Just ended.
HAZARD and CO.'S °See.,

93, &Ira Exchnime ; 26. Counts'll ; sad 321, Oxrottl-strittl.
TUESDAY. FEIIItUAItY 19TH,

2 of 120,002
Matt be Driwie, AR the Lottery of
Only 6,200 1 it kok brgi,l2 and finoilms that thy.

To PERFAPTORILY Re r
SOLD. pu-
,,I::::,1 to ord... ~f the HIGH COURT or CHAN.
CF.RY, made in a Causr, 31`COLLOCH against COLE-
HA rot. with the Approbation of WeMain Alexandre, Earl.
°tie of tlu. Mawr. of the said Cools', at the Public Sale
Room of the said Court, in Sauthamptourhuilditsea, Chan-
cery•lasie, Loudon, in separate Lot., on TUESDAY. the
16th Diy of Feb, itary, 1819, at Due "'Cloak it, the After.
noun, a carbon FREEHOLD HOUSE, ittoat.:l No. 53,
in Upper CAM Smithfield, in the Comity of b11.141e-, x ; sod
two LEASEHOLD 11 ES. UAGES or TENEU ENTS nod
PREMISES, situated N 0.53 and Nu. 54, so Alilrate High-
street, In 11w City a lArielit.n.
P. toted Particulars °lit root may shortly he had, xratia, at
the rattl blaster'. Clitsinhera, in Sou thamptoo.builditigs
aforesaid ; of Mr. Potts., Solicitor, Na. 5, Srtjeclit's
Fleet.,,treet; of Messes Sasith and Ilenderatio.

Nu St, I 1114 a-street, Goudatitu's.lielJe; antfr.o
ViomV.3lt, Miuorico
R. Parrs. in.istift% r
J. Serjeaues

Ott the elth rthruary will be publi4beil,
WO. 1. of lilt UELI'IIIN CLASSICS. with
Li the Variorum Notes appended—on whirl. day the
price will be raised to new Saki:6l,er*. Present price, Igo.
'mull piper each part, and It 164. large. To he completed
in 120 Pew's, 12 Pens to he &livered every year. Present
Subscription, 615 large "el %MOIL
TO he edited and printed by A.. 1. VALPY, Took's-count
Chsticcry•lane, where Names are niiiietted to be sent.

NEW PERIODICAL W'ORK.

On the Ist of January was published, No. I. price la.
misl on the Ist of February, No. 11. to be continued
Nlntithly,
rritlE CHRISTIAN R M EMEBRANCER;
IL ov, The Churchman's Biblical, F.cetesiastical, and
Literary Mo.eelheny, which is iuteudrd to combine the pe-
Vf Ilrolltlet'S of &I Alagazine, a ittli•W, mid ass historical
Register, and may be considered a Theological Register for
general are.
Printed fur F. C. mid J. Rivington, No. 62, St. Patine
Church yard, mid Ni,. 3, Waterloo-place, Pall•mmll, to
whom all conissiuntentinns are to be mink. Said also by all
lionkhtlwes in the United Kingdom.

Lately was published, in L... 0 volumes, flim.
is boards.'
i. r HE ORIGIN. PROGRESS. and PRE-
M. SENT PRACTICE of the BANKRUPT LAW,
both iu Euxlaud and Ireland. Stfillltl Edition, much eu-
lamed and improved.
By EDWARD CHRISTIAN.
Of Grey's Inn, Esq. Bareister nt Law. Protssr.r of the
laws of and Chief Justice 4:f the Isle of Ely
Sold by Clarke sod Sons, Portugal-orset, and by all other
Booksellers.
Alen. hr ,he same Author, price 16s. in boards,
2. PRACI ICAL INSTRUCTION% for PROSECUT-
ING • COMMISSION of BANKRUPT, with Ilse hest
Modern Precedents.
3. A VINDICATION of the RIGHT of the UN IVER-
1111TICS to • COPY of evtiy NEW PUBLICATION.
Third E4lif prlft.
4. A COMPI tni: TREATISE on the CAME LAWS.
is which it is fully proved that Game has always been, and
is now, the pruptily ul. the occupier of the hod, encept is
Particrilar cases. It contains the last Act of Parlimerit
respecimx buying Game, with the Aathai's O'servatiuus
upon its inefficacy. Price 10s. dd.

It. ler

ti4t•iety.
A lew minutes before seven o'clock, his Itnyal
Righliesa entered the room, accompanied by the
I.)iike of Sussex, ill. Marciiiia id Anglesey, the
/arititis of Lionlico. Lord Holland, Lord Essex,
the Recorder, the Attorney and Solicitor General,
the Lord Almir, and x unmberof other Gentlemen;
and dinner was 401111 niter served up to upwards of
500 persons. Wht-tt the cloth was removed, Now
Nobis Dowinc., was .111,e, by Messrs. Broadhurst,
Durii.et, I'. Cooke, Evans, Taylor, and the whole
sire tr-th of the vocal corps attached to Covent-
Giii den Theatre.
" The li:ne—" The Pliwee Retgerttn—" The Royal
Family"—" Ike Artity"--lod " The Navy," were firunk
with entliosiam; and folloi.,a by " f:01 rave the Kline.—
" II Al, Star of Bronswick!"—" How merrily we live"—aud
" Role Rritaiinta."

TIIC Memory of our I lie Illustrious Queen," in soli mu
silence.

'rile Duke of StiSit'A then row, and oh,elsesi,
that, a* one of the tct•-Presidents, it fell to his lot
to propose the health of his illustrious relation who
now fillr4l the Chatr. 11'heto the A s t4'3% given
as a lt►set, Ihe name of his Royal Highness is tis
omitted, though Isere, coupled with it but with
applause. No one, indeed, t•ould look sit the events
of the last few years, soil not see that the applainie
was just. that not only way the Army indebted
is. his tltustrtr►us relatilir, hut the country at large
also; for the Conicavatler-itu-Cisief load non-winced
lists, the artily economy and subriety.—(Applause.)
—lt niti,,t also be gratifying to the co!•,itty to see
him, whene►•er lie conk, spare a few moments from

and each succeedittg year he bad sro the Meetbi
more numerously attended, and the subscription
amount to a large sum ; 61111 the funds were not
equal to their object, end his {loyal Highness
trusted the friends ofthe Institution would this day
prove that their good-will towards it had increased
rather than decreased.—/Applause./
Song, Mr. Broadhorst—i, Scots wha hue wP Wallace bled."

The Royal CHAIRMAN then give, " The Duke
of Sumer," which was drunk with enthusiasm.
tits Royal Highness, in returning thanks, beg-
ged agans to cull the attention of the Meeting to
its object. The gentlemen of the profession were
in the habit of calling themselves his Majesty's ser-
vants, but he had alwiy considered then, as the ser-
vants of the pul.hc ; and he was convinced, when
the public recollected the trnncendent talents which
at present trod the stage, they would not forget
those who had friquelitly excited their laughter,
called forth their tears, ioid inculcated the finest
lessons of nionslity„...-(dpp/ause,)
Toast—" The Lord !th)or and the Citizens of tooduu.”
The Loan Alaitta, io a nest speech, acknow-
ledged the honour door linpAdf nod his fellow-citi-
sans, who, he said, lie was convinced, would
always he most ready to co-operate with their illus-
trious Chairman 1.1 forwarding the objects of the
present Itistitution. Ile said, that to the Members
of the Royal Family the cause of charity was
greatly indebted—he scarcely knew of any ells-
ritable Institution in which the names of some of
that 'lusts-tutu not v.-welled..
Fuad"
for

p or what tome might call it (and whit I am Itt !r
competent to dit'i‘rr a nth proper gravity), a 'rhetori-
c I Charity Sermon. As this is not the place, or I
ii,e rerun, particularly rpsolitied for snob an tiro%
I itiost clouts inclulgeoce folio my brethren for
shortening any tronoil.sion, beg their permission to
follow my own path. jreed lightly over the ground,
deliver my communicatimis with respectful haste,
Nod make my bow with all convenient speed. Has
Royal Highness has so often graciously condescesoL-
ed to listen while I have taken occasion to expstiato
en the valor and importance of this fund, that
really feel it presumptuous in toe to attempt pu. -
siting a subject which must appear so exhausted.
Rot the same beilevolerice which has induced our
Royal Chairman to dignify (for the fourth time)
thin s tttt iveraery dinner with his .resence. will not
wily, I woo, secure me his gracious pardon, hot
bespeak for nit his Rov.l countenance soot protec-
tion during the appeal winch I em called upon to
make.
" To this fund (and mostly in this room) ha.
been subscribed in the three preceding years the
sum of i. 7291. Is.. 61. ; not only, therefore, is
there a heavy debt of gratitude due from the Go-
vernors of the Institution, but, iii my
meta, en imperious obligation to satisfy (41 far rot
may be) every contributor, that his intention has
been fulfilled. In the first piece, then, I have to
commuuicete, that not one shilling of the principal
has been touched, but the whole of this sum ha.
been funded, awl the interest only applied to the
purposes of the charity, so that a subscriber (wholi.
I presume. mount he a lover of the Urania) has the
satisfaction of knowing, that not only the present
race of unfortunate persons dependaut on this pre-
carious calling, hut all who follow in our path. pa
long as this happy country enjoys her laws, and to
long as a play contrition" to he the rational smote-
meta of an enlightened people—l soy, to long
the unfortunate actor !worth by his liberality. De-
votedly attached as /am to the interests of this land, it
may be naturally suspected that I take a parliel view
of the advantages likely to accrue from it, but al-
ready so much more has been achieved in the time.
so much more substantial good distributed to our
poor friendless brethren, than I (fearing ridictile)
dared ven:ure to predict at the beginning of toy
exertions, that I am sow, I frost, ororranted in be-
ingiess timid in my prognostication. I theref ire
declare, that, in my view of tip *object. not only
the providing for our aged lire-hien, their widows,
and children, may he expected from this establish-
ment. but the permatient foundation will be laid
for the greater decorum and respectability of the
t profession of an actor; so that the rung and riving
e 4 peg
ear

early unpression of what is right mid wliat i, wrong,
I ant tune you will concede to me, that any thing
that tends to the increased respectability of the
Actor, must in some degree be beneficial to So-
ciety. And if I can %hew that this Fund is likely
to operate to that desirable end, perhspa you will
pardon my detaining you a minute. Of two longer
from the enjoyments of the table, while 1 nvdic
out my come. From the precarious tendre by which
the Actor holds the favour of his audience, unit
the fragile materials that qual.fy him for h s em-
ployment, he soon discovers th.d all he coo make
by his caning mutt be made iu as chart time !is
pottviblr. This puts him upon t and ex-
pedients that are prejudicial to his besitii, ttad sum. -
titpes to his reputation. The first is 'mite(' by t;iu
metropolis being too often robbed or ifs brightest
theatrical ornaments (even of its young and intst
highly-gifted females), v:lii:e they re tea Vet rte
the roads on winter 'nights, to fulfil provincial
engagements. If this Institution wily lessened
the necessity of such slavery, it wpuld be
groatly serviceable; but a much more
it rl;lc-
rooted evil exists--an evil which,- iii the the:,
tried! ocean, ie a -thOusand timet mere dan-
gerous, front being a sunket4tock,*here
founder, %slide others pans unßsjured, Without ob-
serving it. This evil I hope to see our Film! erici

• V.o,
I. Solicitors his public duties, devoting them, as in the prasenl
•I Mr. Jab; case, to forwarding the objects of charity. Hs
concluded by proposing the health of the 11.03;11
S.thrilort Chairtnati.
street.
Was.Lbike4ifilloat returned ,hash. This wat
- - -ArativarasivewriewmtrabrifirislialAitimis-amat-46hte,

I- -
performer will. at Isis first step, derive as inueli Aid-
vantage from the moral good of this Institution, as
dots the necessitous veteran now front the more
grow buotot leas essential adsaintages of foot!, rai-
a deeeac:quels tg
_bits* his last upon.
If the stage be a school where the mirror is held
up to Nature—if vice is shewil its own iinJgr—pr
it be a seminary where youth frequently take diets
- . . .
