6~"

AVE !kIikSICIAL AND MILITARY SITUATION Of

FRANCE.

That the scarcity of money is great in France,
sad that the war h unpopular, all persons who have
lately visited that country confirm. The treasures
extorted from tributary nations, the family of Bo-
naparte regard as their paternal inheritance ; very
little of it comes into circulation, and the armies of
the Corsican an! therefore entirely paid by the
French people. Many persons think that Govern-
'tient will again resort to that seizure of capitals
:,u1 incomes ; that supplement to credit by cheat-
ing ; and those usurpations so varied on property, by
which it dissipated the wealth of ancient France,
consumed the produce of the times present, and
spent that of the future. But does the republic
still contain spoils enough ; has she renewed a suf-
ficiency of produElions to feed the gigantic wants
of her Sovereign ? All these problems might
be answered by a great variety of opposite
hypotheses, all perhaps It equally plausible. We
already sec this strap ee Government adding,
to its requisition of soldiers, a requisition of
the people's cloatho Ed honest savings. By the
last decree concerning conscripts, it calls on every
department to provids recruits, and to furnish each
recruit with shirts, shoes, and money to the value of
thirty-siz Lyres ; here population and property are
struck by the same edift. But will the devoted
young men march to death? Will the nation make
no resistance to this revolutionary plunder ? He
who should take upon himself to resolve these
questions. must have a great deal of confidence in
his penetration ; he should possess the thermometer
of Bonaparte's power, and the nation's slavery ; two
things which experience teaches us to be incom-
sensurate.

It is, nevertheless, possible to compare the stock of
military and pecuniary power of France in I 7!)2, with
that of the present day. At the beginning of the for-
mer war, she had a million of national guards,andthe
wrecks of her old army: at this time she has an army
500,(X)0 men, including the forced conscriptions.
Iler population, in 179:, had suffered only by emi-
gration and by elrrc murders, which, for three years,
laid her provinces and towns under blood. She has
closed the wounds which the last war made, by an
accumulation of eight or nine millions of foreigners
crlleited into her circumference, and upon whom
her requisition, are exercised still more unmercifully
than upon her own citizens. Tile former National
Guards mostly served without pay, as our volun-

teens, and the burden of those immense embodied
hordes was therefore as light as the assignats paper ;
an army then was more easily paicipan a battalion
sow. Had Bonaparte thrice as mac, conscripts as
hr. .evolutionary predecessors had national guards,
and levies in mass, he would not, for any length of
time, be able to feed, pay, and arm, above a propor-
tionate number of them, according to the difference
between his utmost possible revenue now, and the
inexhaustible ruillion., of paper money.
The resource of that immense juggling; of that
traffic of confiscations ; of fraudulent mortgages ;
the bearer, drawn on the pub-
totally failed ; and the B.tuk of
circulate only at Paris, and even
small amount. So much then are
in 1792. So much less too,
produce of spoliation, on per.
that fund of merchandise,
riches of the nobility and clergy,
establishments and treasuries of lux-
' fourteen ages of the monarchy, and
wasted in twelve years by the republic.
. present to the system of public eon-
notwithstanding their extent, and the mi-
.. which they are colleted, if the
French financiers be true, Bona-
have never been able to raise them
ordinary expences. Supposing the
doicii to he but so many buffooneries,
the saaspensionofagreat number of
it the receipts are not eqoal to
ms ; because, though the arm'
. Senators, Tribunes, and Public
Paris, are regularly paid, the army
the Ci%il and Military Fanc-
tals, Public S.:he-lois, /cc. have
them, and same have remained
months. It is also by coati.
Bonaparte means to provide for the
,xpt.nces of war, of a defensive war ;
as it continues so, throw. upon
support of her ravenous soldiers.
In, the scarcity of money, and
:f in kr.uiee, so loudly com-
axle listened to by her ter icious

DIX Irt ea the Latt, except At its
. ever popular is France. In
her inhabitants judged it to be
inetitabie ; they Attached to it the
nefety of Franc% and the ►up-
; they f,►seured it with thrir

wishes, their hopes, and their passions. Success
determined the undecided, plunder inspired beggars
and adventurers, and the glare of false gloiy into*.
icated vanity and youth. The body of the people,
hoping to perpetuate their independence, and enjoy
equality, considered the war as a tournament at the
expence of the Aristocrats. Now the eyes of the
nation are opened, and it is no longer deceived, as
to the objed and consequences of hostilities perpe-
tuated. Enthusiasm and illusion are no more ; and
the songs of triumph have given way to fruitless,
but universal sighs for repose. Thus Bonaparte lies
under the double disadvantage, which was not the
case with his predecessors, of continuing the war
against the public will and opinion, and of raising
the chief supplies for it from the purses of his subjects.
This correspondence of the situation of the
French finances, with the military state of the Re-
public, will retain its whole influence, in case the
armies, reduced to the defensive, should meet with a
defeat, and should not be able to subsist by farther
invasions. Military charaCters, wt.n, during the
present year, have visited the French encampments,
assure us, besides, that, notwithstanding the endea-
vours of Bonaparte and his Generals, the soldiers of
the army of England are very different men from
the conquerors of Italy and Germany. Great
changes have been wrought in thcii employment,
in their spirit, and in their composition.
The body of National Guards, from which they
were formerly supplied, was organised in a military
manner ; was more or less exercised, full of willing
subjects, vain of its new situation, impatient to dis-
play its skill, and animated with the hopes of re-
wards, and by a taste for revolutionary licentious-
ness. The requisition men, who succeeded these
battalions of Militia, did not succeed either to their
zeal or emulation; but a hatred of foreigners; a
prospeit of agrarian settlements; the frequency of
preferments, of vielories, and even despair itself,
supplied in them the place of ardour. Care was
before they were incorporated in the armies,
to assemble t„, places where their bodies were
iisdplined, and where even their minds were
trained.

At present we see bodies of conscripts hunted,
and driven, with swords and bayonets, from their
families, from among the woods and mountains; in-
sensible to the Frepori hnsamr, and much more so to
the safety of the Republic, and the importunities of
its tyrant ; undeceived in their old illusions, and
thrust in crowds, and hastily, into the ranks of re-
giments, without any previous instrtglion. In this
heterogeneous mixture of soldiers, a common spirit
will no doubt soon prevail, and the new corners be
moulded by the veterans ; but among these, the old
stimulants will he looked for in vain. The return
of severe discipline has slackened that spring of in-
dependence, which precipitated them into the ram-
parts of the Revolution. As the objet and aim
varied, their ardour lost its enthusiasm, which
time cools, and which is distinguished as soon as
its principle ceases to he the same. Can Bona-
parte now think of holdi,lg out liberty and equa-
lity to soldiers, who have just taken the oath., of
allegiance of subjefts ? Carr he Ferinade them that
French armies in Italy, Hanover, I lolhuul, and
Switzerland, are fighting for the safety of their coun-
try and for their fellow citizens, to whom they are be-
come almost strangers? Is :t the love of glory that
is to be depended upon? This sentiment is to be
kept up by difficulties and dangers. Accustom
troops to vielories without battles, to invasions with-
out resistance, and to plunder without pretence, and
you will very sown have a band of robbers, but no
soldiers.

By thus wearing out all the moral springs which
formerly ia,fted on themilitary, 01(.ir t t din ll in-ulnas
have been materialised, and eleir cm,ll.ition nia,le to
degenerate into habit and a List of pillage. They
fight to commit havoc, and aim at ciiincriet oily to
amass booty; and the cite it and impunity of the
pillage committed h tve reduc.td all the passions a
the army to that of plundering in order to dissipate.
Ate we to expea orn 'itch assemblages, patience,
perseverance, tnficstbie cuurAge. and the unshaken
ardour which real dangers, and probable defeats re.
qaire ? Are such to ups, when vanquished, to be led
back for any length tit time to 13.1:tles, to which they
never marched but ugh the ii. pc of plundering, de-
fenceless enemies \Ve ilse impetairoty of
their attacks; so Is e conceive too their defection and
depression when routed.
We have entered at length into all; these particu-
lars, which prove both the real arua relative finan-
cial and military situation of Prance, and the ne-
cessity Bonaparte is under to unidettake speedily his
so long threatened invasion, 'is:cause his disarmed
slaves are, from their poverty, unable long to support
the burden of a defensive 'war ; and his soldiers de-
mand immediate plundstsr or immediate peace. Let
us, therefore, never case an instant, to be upon our
guard; and then 'lye Are convinced that the former
easy triumphal orches of the Corsican will soon be
crushed int. rf-Ae Just, or changed lots funeral /no-

,

•

LONDON,
FRIDAY, JULY G.

The Hamburgh Mails of the 26th and 29th lasts
arrived yesterday. Their contents, which are in-
serted in our first page, shew that Bordararre
has succeeded in his intrigues to reconcile Austria
and Prussia to his late violation of the German
Empire, and his assumption of the Imperial dia-
dem. LA FORET, his Minister in Prussia, has al-
ready presented his credentials to the Prussian
Monarch, as representative of the Estrzaoa of the
French. It is, however, some satisfaftion to perceive,
that the Ft ends Minister has left Russia, and that Bo-
x AP A ItTL is only represented there as First Consul
by a Clidige des iffitirrs. These Mails have also
brought a copy of the note presented by the Russian
Minister at Ratisbon, remonstrating against the vio-
lation of the ter, itory of Baden, by the seizure of the
Duke of EN ow LK, at Ettenbeim. It is a bold and
manly article; and, though not followed up by the
same spirit with which it was die:fated, clearly chews
that the Russian Monarch will not soon forgive
or forget that foul offence. Bon 's military
slaves in Tuscany having arrested last month all
British subjefts at Leghorn, Lord Nz Lion threaten-
ed to blockade and bombard that city. The me-
nace had the de.ired elfca : the prisoners were set
at liberty. Letters from Venice say, that the POPE
is to resign; and that Bon AAAAA z's uncle, Cardinal
Frau, is to be his successor. This is not impro-
bable. A barbarous adventurer, who has forced
Emperors and Kings to salute him as an equal, oi
rather to acknowledge bins as a superior, will meet
with little opposition in proclaiming his base and
wicked relative the head of the Roman Catholic
Church.

A private letter from Puss, dated June 21, says,
" The American Minister, LIV INGsroN,has returned
with good bills, fur fifteen millions of byres ; but he
was, notwithstanding, not received by TALLer AA►D
in the manner he expeded, after his financial and
political expedition to England ; because, more
money, and a better issue, were hoped fur here. On
Lis N4STON'S fast conference, after his arrival here,
he remained closeted wi:h TALLEYRANO, for six
hours, and a courier was sent to the ENIPEROk im-
mediately afterwards, who ordered TAL L Lir RAND to
wait upon His M a.rksx v. The rumour of peace,
caused by Lir INGSTOteI journey, was received with
a satisfaftion every where, not agreeable to the con-
querors el England in pato; even the proud warriors
on our coast began to express a desire of rather
negociating with, than combating the shop-keepers,
because they began to think, from the intrigues of
their Sovereign for a peace, that his means to de-
stroy modern Carthage did nut correspond with his
desire. This has caused the paragraph in the Mo-
nuear, denying what is very well known here, and
which, a month ago, Government did not conceal, that
Mr. L v NGS I'UN was sent pcur 'CAM& le town', " to
gonad the Cabinet," as TALLLVIIAND himself
said. But what confirms the particulars of the
mission of Mr. LIVINGSTON is, that another neu-
tral Minister was asked to undertake it, but re-
fused until he could obtain permission from his
Court; regarding, as most politicians here do, these
missions merely as intrigues, to lull England into a
fatal security when the blow is intended to be struck."

An overland Dispatch wits yesterday received at
the East India House, but we do not learn that
either the private letters or official aJ•ices bring any
thing new. The letters from Bombay are slated
loth January. fourteen days prior to the dispatches
hich were received some time since.

The Middlesex scrutiny having terminated on Wed-
nesday, the consmiuee met yesterday, and declared a
majority of Ss votes in favour of Mr. Ms 'NW*
The latter relying upon this majority, has abandoned
his petition, complaining of a violation of the treat-
ing and bribery a.% against Sir Foams IL: REMIT.
but Sir Families* has presented a similar petition
against Mr. islassiwaa um.
Goveanment, it is said, have received positive
intelligence of the enemy's design to attempt a land-
ing, as nruly as possible.at the same time, in .lersey
and Guernsey. Dispatches were sent off yesterday
to both these islands. All the troops along the op-
posite line of the French coast. from Coutance to
Viuville, have been in constant movement during
the whole of last week. and reinforcements had ar-
rived from the interior.

The MinNewr, arrived at Plymouth, left the Chan-
nel fk.et, all well, crusiing off Brest on Saturday
last. By her we learn the cause Of the report that
the French fleet intended to put to sea. A thick
fog had prevailed three days, during which the
French ships could not be seen; but as many sig-
nal guns were heard, it was supposed the eaenr%
were preparing to take advantage of the fog, and
put to sea. This intelligence of course reaclied
London; and, as it was known there are many
troops embarked at Brest, the conclusion was na-
turally drawn that an attempt at Invasi..n
instantly be made. But when the n a ♦her cleared
up, the French Beet were discovered s.ilr in port as
usual. the ♦hips having Duly shifted their tarths.

• ..
sr. Loan LOTAL wEsrmiiiiirxit'veLninftti
At half past.ten o'clock yexaetday month* this
highly disciplined Regiment niuswred un the
; EMI thence they marched to
Kil-
burn Wells, to fire for an elegant Silver Cup, glve.i
by their highly eateemed Colonel, Lori AN ittlitr,
and won by a Mr. Woos; of the seventh compapy.
In viewing the Guard Room, which is so much
admired, we cannot but express our satisfadion to
anti every thing so neat, and in perfel order. The
arch s Are so well arranged and numbered, that each
member may instantly find his own musket, And
in
suchexcellent condition, that deserves much prAise
for the attention of the Committee. We could
but admire, at the upper end of the room, a
trait of our most gracious horsebacl,
at the other end, one ct Hat Royal Highness i!
Com iciness' is Cuter, which, we understand, we::
presented to the Regiment by their worthy Pres,.
dent, Mr. E. H antsu, of Pall-Mall, who resigle.l
that situation yesterday, with a neat speech, in
he stated, that the good discipline and unanimity in
the Regiment would enable them (if the
should be permitted to land) to go forth :IS a /11i&:,,'
lioq, and in the strength of Divine Providenc.,
conquer or die, like true Britons, in defence ofte
best of KINGS, and their Country.

Wednesday evening, about six o'clock, His MA-
!MY, accompanied by Princesses SOPHIA ai
Am et tA, rode through Richmond. Her Msr SST
and the Princesses AUL/I/al-A. Etutasirsi, a. a
Mita:, followed in three phaetons. On their multi,
about eight o'clock, they visited the Duke of Csc.
stet aiso, at his house on Kew Green, and tis,k
tea, during which llis Royal Highness's band
played at the door.
Yesterday morning, soon after breakfast, t!.e
Rov FAMILY walked in Kew Gardens.

Yesterday morning, Mr. FonEa, Mr. BLrs.
turn, and the Luau CNANCELLOS, uanc.ieled bu-
siness with Mr. }lir r, at his house in Downing-
street.

Yesterday morning. Lord DUNCAN tranatej
business with Sir JOHN CULPUYS at the Ac[mink).
General DE LANCEY has resigned his situation
as Barrack Master General, in consequence of .11
health. Report mentions General Hewttrash..
successor.

The En fish Minister at Vienna, the Honnuribte
A RTH t a PAUAT, his sent his Secretary, Mr. Mt:-
A a r, with dispatches for London.
The E2ll of ‘‘. iscHra.st A'S house, in South-street,
is undergoing a complete repair.
The Lord Archbishop of YORK is now at his
Palace at Bishopthorpe.
Major and Mrs. GROVES, Lady MOILITON, Mr.
LEW IS And family, Sec. are among 'the recent e.
rivals at Bristol tint Wells.

Mr. R t 1,1441 ND if playing at Hythe.
Mr. DWYER and Mr. Suc IT are part of
M.Cxx•ny's auxiliary force at the liirminghwa
Theatre.

The following is an extt ad of a letter from Wey-
mouth: "Though this place is at present thin of corn.
pany, wtexpeet soon to be much fuller, Lord CR kl•
I. EY and Lord Scut.tvhavealready taken hou,e..
The KING and Roy at. FAMILY, it is thought, will
be here by the end of the month. And Dr. ioi•
MON Ds, Physician Extraordinary to the IC has
taken a house at Upway, a small village very near
this place."
In the Est of recent arrivals at Cheltenham, are
The Bishop of Downe, Hun. J. Slasiey, Sir R.ibeit and
lady Lawrie, Sir W. Dunkin Sir Juha Thera,Lidy
Col.asui Mu. Reim, kLijur G.:ldwin, Major bladuni, Capia:.4
Holland, Robart, and Erskine.
In the list of recent arrivals at Bath are,

Lord Liiford, Lord Kilvrardan, Lady Rodney, Major Lloyd,
Major M'lnto.h, Dr. Harvey, Kew. Mr. and Mrs. bete, Res.
Mr. Mayo, Ito Mr Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Mamie and fion,l!

On Friday Afternoon, the Right Hon. the Luso
Aovot: ATE as rl yeti in Edinburgh from Loodoo.
Arrived last week at Glasgow, the
Earl and uf Fenton, and Limy Jean M.nteortiev•.
the Lail and Counters of Cowan and Mug Moneelwrinv, the
F and Cuunte, Errid, L•ud Na., and Mj‘g Elliot of Sr W
Y,iik, Mr I..dioe and Captain D 2111,111 ; Colonel and Mn.
Muir of Caldwell.

Wednesday was marries Lat Bathwick churcihnerr
Bath. by the Rev. Dr. GOD/WET, J•MESSTIIPHI.M.
ESC'. of Camerton-house, to Mrs. Born,
_widow of
HUQH BoYDI Esq. M.P. for the county of Antrim,
and niece to Lord Viscount GOSYORD.

Tuesday died :at Shirehampton, greatly lamented.
WILLIAM WILLIAMS HEWErT, Esq. Lite d
Ttinity-college, Cambridge, son of the late lion.
Was. Wit.t.t HIWITT, and nephew to the pre.
sent Lord LIWIORP.

The Emnress JOSKPUINE is soon expeaed at
Brussels, whence she will gu to Aia-la-Chapelle.
and Spa. Many ladies, the wises of Gen.rals,
and other persons of distinflion, will use the hada
about the same time, and accompany the Eurstss
on her return to Brussels.
Letters from the borders of the Maine, dated
June 23, say, "That the Consort of the EmPetvl
NAPOLEO% 11.14 Wilt, As a present to Vienna, A
highly finished toilette of gold, set mini with UTE:
diamonds, and covered with the richest Brawl'
lace. The laces, which made a large parcel. lull'
shut up in a gold b..iz of the very best
manship."
There is a custom which has eti‘tel from time
immetnalial in the parish of Lanivet, near Dods is s
namely, that on the day al ;r the annual feat. cer-
tain persons peregrinate the palish, and the Man
they find most intuaicated, they put into a wired'
barrow, and wheel him round the place; giveg
him also the title of Abler qr. Lanivdt, which 41'
bears until the feast conies round again.

On Saturday se'ennigbt, I.aJy Joussrost pc
rented the Companies of N'ohinteer Infaestry,ll!3"
by Sir R. B. .louwsrONc, Bart. at Hackaess, *at'
Very elegant Banner. About eleven o'clock the
lunteers were drawn up in a lime on the front Q S'r
Ric"( A a1).1 Manias immediately I odT)ou"I 4. 6;
uncoiled by Sir itielli•OD and 1.11111ilY• APPrI":"
up.-41 the ptatform. After the Banner bad
cL,r,,:cr;:ted by the Rev. T. luvir, it wAs pts"*"'-'7
b. her LA l; ,hip to Jois:4 Busty, Es+ The ' ; '''
C;; :an., with au animated and patriotic SI
ar, after as appropriate repl!•
n `'''t it wits a suitat:e to the ;
Iv..

1 inexhaustible ruillo;nThe resource ot,hof
at
traffic of confiscations ;
t and bills payable to the
. lic credulity, has totall,
11.! France and its bills circa
! there to a
less very
thasmall
inat
his
, from the want of the prt
, soma property, of tit
wrought metals, riches
of the public establisbrc
ttry'
plundered amassed
and wasted fourteen
in
Reduced at present ti
tributions, notwithstandi
bury rigour with whit
reports of the French
pane's ministers have ns
l to the level of his erdiaer
complaints of a Joint to
it isstill proved, by these
urgent demands, that th
the current occasions ;
upon the wait, tlic Sem
tundionaries at Pans, a
of the interior, and the
Commies. the I Inspital,,
large sums due to them,
i • unpaid for eighteen mon
. , bations, that Bonaparte
• weirdos *Loa, .11 expt•nces of
and w
FTh i
w eh ic
theh ,
uai,s l
.olner.ZS it
supper
This etplains, in pan, t
the extent of puvertf i
plained of, and so little
Ruler.
As to the war, not I
, commencement, was ILM
1791, one-hall of her ii
necessary or in/Thalia I
cease of liberty, the of
port .4 the Republic.; t 1
