11" DM.

IbiefiAY INTELLMENCE-I**. *g. Igo..

By recent arrivals from the Isle of France, we
laaru.ilrit a very tine Atnericau brig. purchased by
?tile Government for 50,9u0 dollars, sailed for Old
France, having on board the brother of General
De Caen.

The lute gun•brig Grappler was fitting out as a
prirsteer ; is large lugger and auother vessel were
also in a ,;ate of forwardness to proceed out as
privateers.

No prize vesid had readied the Island 'erg

Prov6ions were etceediogly scarce at the Mau-
Attu., still, cont.equently, et a very adtenced prick.
'flu, English prisoners of war are very scantily
fed and badly clothed.

PRINCR OF WALES'S ISLAND, JAIL I. 110 f.

By letters from Malacca we learn, that the 44:.
mire! Trutebragr, Capt. A. Wallace. was cot °II'
by her crew at Sorokin. Captain Wallace and Mr.
Barnes were oil shore, when alley rove on the Chtel
Olieesr, car, ied the scowl, and set sail fur, it is sup.

adik

rocs are at Malacca.

::aptuiu Mit.querier in the 4fesse, bed attired at
lace*, , front Sodleo, and allay be aapeeted
ly. •
t brig, mitt& Portuguese colours, wail mimed by
Nukele frigate, neardire Typavia esinisequence
certain information tlAt" alas inioi Spatial erug!
illy ; it *as doubtful 41141ses she iseuld be •EorrZ
aired at China, or belie, tis Buttrligi for *nag
indication.
The price of opimn io Cbina, it,SeAst 1350
lays per chest. Bens! cotton t 4 7 tale per
cal.

CURACOA. jugs It.

Rib Excellency and suite arrived here on the ath
nh:rdh was announced to the settlement by a
,cha .ge of artillery film, the forts and batteries of
Amsterdam, On the followiug day he went
gtersided by bis Str.ff, natter asalute from
• ships and tire wirriso•i, and was sworn into the
Itagistmey of the iditnd. After the cercino-
:, of his inJugursticin, he partook of an elegant
liner. with the Officers of the Royal Irish, by
tom he was entertained in a yeti, loyal and pa-
iotic manner. The Adamant, the Lark, and the
--, men of war, were lying in the harbour,
td contributed much to the splendour of the
rite, by manning their Turd), and tiring their guns.
the Gevereor's guittiiig the vessel which brought
as from England. Oil latuling he was received
y the isth IteAiment, with presented arms, a guard
-ewe which, attended by the baud. escorted itiut
hrough the town, during the proclamation his
otnmirsion. As is need in Batavisn 4101
er British protection, it was read aloud. both in
)utch and in English, at dm different places aa-
ii,nied for that purpose, after which he Excellency
eturned to the Government Reese. where hitnins-
cted some public business on that and the subee-
ruent day.
. CORINNA MAIL.

MADRID, AUGUST 9.
.‘ A wonderful change has occurred here iu the
hanifeitation of pubic opinion. 'Men of every
rank and description vie with each other in ex-
pressing the ardour of their patrio.i.:n, and their
letermimiliens not to survive their country's slavery.
h toast mot be supposed that they would not have
tieteJ in the same manner before and even after
Ise arrival of the usurper Joseph ; but their spirit
leas curbed by the previous massacres committed
by the Preach buuditti, and they were susceptible
tidy of terror and di.inty. Their enthusiasm is at
Bliamomentheyoutl all description—" Anus! arms!
lINII s!" has been 'Tot the lest weft and still con-
linens the gametal my. The Supreme Junta are
Immediatcly to bald their sittings in this city, and
also a Committee of general Oaken, on whose
advice and orders all the operations oldie army will
depend. I do notthink I eta guilty of exaggeration
in estimating the number of men capable of being
ratsedia thistity, and within twenty miles of it, at
30.000. llpwafda of 30,00') are now enrolled, and
are regularly Braining, with the assistance of the
officers and Spanish guards, many of whom have
Dace more made their appearance. lam happy to
add, that in the midst of all this bustle and fer-
vour, the greatest regislarity and subordination are
reed " Forcer .
"it 41 cenfiilently Mud, that isddligence has
bees received by the mail, of Joseph Bonaparte
laving helm ieterecpted in his Sight near Burgos,
iu which place be had taken refuge.—lle was com-
pletely surrounded by the Patriot army, and, it is
added, had offered to capitulate, upon the condi-
tion of having his person protected from danger.

AUG. 10.
Yesterday entered this city the troops of ‘'alais-
cia sad of Andel usia. which are going to drilla out
the Trench, who are retreating to the frootiers. We
have sent all the troops of !he‘garriaim„ for we have
not retained any. in consequence of which the po-
rk eof the city is entirely pr4serred by the inhabit-
Rots, from which duty no one is exempt.
_ _ _ . •

We hare also ordered an enlistegent of all per-
ions from la to SO) without any exception.
.•
The 24th will be a great day ; for here aeon at
Tulwilo we shall prozligina FLitotti•Np the Si.-
• kiNtu with great pomp.

PPESENT POSITION OF Ii ME
Ttor irsswiard at
First dirlsain at
&coed at al.
Third at • Vifuents.
Feel at

CADIZ, JILT 22.
The Soanigh veLo acre prisoner* iu E•gtw

leave arrrived here, and the news fom England so-
matic,* the cordifil reception oar Deputies have
sleet with from al: ranks.

VIANA, AVG. 12.

An the 6th from 5 to 6000 English debarked at
Figuiera., in aNitiou to the 10,000 landed before.
We are araire4l that they ere destined to Lisbon,
where they expect ko aunt on the 14th or 13th.

ALINCIA. JULY 43.

Twelve hondrea men Lare disembarked here for
ima Majorca and Mahan has
arrired, sent by 4111 T !,.1,3.1•!1'00, a itlr Div ,aches
for the Supreme JaatA, stating, 'het irpthilat 14V111

LONDON,
TUESDAY. AVGUST 30.

A Mail from Corwina arrived yestenlay with
Spanish Papers to the 14th instant, from which we
have made some extracts. The troops of Valen-
tie and Andalusia entered Madrid on the gth. The
French were retreating before them to their own
frontier. They had evacuated Segovia, and retired
upon Burgos. So eagerly were they pursued by
the Spaniards, not a single soldier remained at
Madrid, the police of which was left entirely to the
citireus.—What a change ! what a lesson for men
never to despair in a righteous cause I—Madrid, the
streets of which flowed with the blood of its inno-
cent inhabitants, on the 2d of May—Madrid,
lately the prey of a licentious French army, under
a ferocious Chief, on the gth of Augulit reposed in
peace and safety, upon the protection of its old men
and children.

Accounts from Vienne, dated the 12th Mat. state,
that a force of about 5000 English had debarked
at Figueiras, in addition to the 10.003 preciously
landed at thit place. The 10,000 evidently ap-
plies to Sir MITSUI& WELLIISLIT'S force, which er-
riyed there on the 31st JUly. The minor force of
3000, was probably that of General Srenuse.

The Comma papers contain no kurieuiccesats
reSpectiog the insurrection in Biscay.

A report prevailed, yesterday, in the city, that the
Polish troops in the French army had revolted
agaiust their oppressors. As soon as the conduct of
the Spanish troops in the Daini4h territories is known,
the Hanoverian., the Italians, and the Swim, will not
fail to follow the glorious example. Weunderstand,
from good authority, that the Susnjara. detained in
Zealand do not exceed 3,000 men.

A letter from Plymouth, received yesterday,
states, that a packet, with passengers, from Fal-
mouth, had arrived there iu lire hours, the Master
of which asserts, that before be left Falmouth a
cutter had arrived with an account of the surren-
der of Jusoz and the Russian Fleet to the British.
This appears to be a reverberation of the Penzance
newer which we noticed yesterday: It is nothing
mere titan the anticipation of a vary probable re-
sult. ='

A letter, dated on board the Worley East India-
, awril lit sea, oo the 44th February, at which time
sheds within a few days sail of Sembay, states,
that oa her arrival at Ileraliey Aka as peresil se kr
seat up the Perseus-MU with troops. The nroviey
lobt her purser, 11fe. Hourratasw, ea her passage.
The same letter mks, that the market, at Madras,
was very good.
•

We Stated. yesterday, that a telegraphic dis-
patch 104 been teceived at the Admiralty, announc-
ing that ehe [swim* of Biscay has joined the Pa-
triots tad riles against the French. The dis-
patches containing this grateful intelligence were
brought by the Cheerful ran-brig. Lieut. Call-
emerge, arrived on Saturday at Plymouth from
Gijon. after a passage of eleven days. The
Junta of the proviuce of Biscay, in furtherance
of their noble and patriotic object, have asiiesn7
bled and issued a spirited Proclamation, in which
they call upon the people to emulate their breth-
ren in arms. According to the accounts received
from the Commanders of His MAJFITY'S ships,
off the north-west coast of Spain, the litscayaus
appeared to be in great want of arms and ammu-
nition ; but our squadron supplied them with every
thin in their power, and. we believe, enabled
• considerable body immediatly to take the field.
—Thirteen empty artillery waggons arrived on Sa-
turday. from Canterbury, at Dover. *litre they
wore filled with pikes front the Ordnance dep.,
with which they returned to Canterbury, fur the
use of the Spanish Patriots.

The wench national schooner L Marche, of
gun, 4 swivels, and 24 men from Bayonne, with
dispatches for the Harannah, hoe been captured by
the Cossack of ei guns and sent into Plymouth.—
This is we believe the 4th or sth vessel recently
captured on a inismioa from Boneriiirre with dis-
cuddlea for the Spanish Colonies. The enemy
during the chase threw the dispatches overboard
and sunk them.

The slight of losers BONAPARTE to Bayonne,
if we leonine the certainty oldie fact. ma the with°.
ntv of letters from Holland, is an event of no or-
dinary importance, in the present critical position
of his ow•n and of NAPOLEON'S offriti. It proves
either the pusillanimity and utter unfitness of this
unfortunate Corsican. to occupy a throne, which
deinanded as assemblage of the greatest talents
and cursive:6; or it demonstrates his conscious_

'legs •f the univer.3.: ,rrence, probes! 1v usin,;ltsl
coutempt; in silkh be is held tl:lot:ghout
Stain. If the forup ^ of Oleic conjectures t& e:1-
fluusted.' what shall we NI to the wont of jorlg-

weighing whether Josarn possessed the qualities
secesoacy to Ml such a astir rons eminente, placed
bins in it by an act of violence and lawless power ?
*nestles are not founded thus at senond hand, by
delegation. Jo*orit, o■ the throne of Taseasy,
stemma of Naples, sustained by his brother's armies,
might perhaps have remained in •his dependent
situation, as long as the Usurper who constituted
him could maintain his owu authority iu France.
By transplanting him to Spain, BON APANTE his
exposed to view both JOSEPA'S insufficiency and
his own Mobility to enforce the act that he bad or-
dained. We sinipect, however. that there is snore
of prudence in Josern's flight, than of pusillani-
mity. it was probably occasioned by the same
motives which dictated another impostor's flight.
about 1200 years ago, from Mecca to 'Urania;
namely, a well-founded apprebeusion of the effects
that might result from the enmity of the people.
Like the flight of ili*ttossei, that of JOSEPH will
form an era, if not in the history of Spain. yet in
the annals of the BONAPAILTE3. NAPOLEON will
find this E.l:-Kidg, this Roi scud," as he is
termed in the French Papers, the most insupport-
able Monarch of any iu Europe. Indeed, accord-
iag to the established rules mid usages of his policy,
in firing upon every individual who approaches the
French coast, or the Frepch frontiers, iron► a hos-
tile or a g, polluted" couutry, it might be esteemed
doubtful whether lie would admit JOBEPIi to re-
visit France. No country can well be more pol-
' hued than Spain is, at this time, with rebellion; a
vice which he will probably tied too to be invete-
rate id incurable.

The insurrection of the Biscayans, provided that
it.be true, M all its force, throughout that province,
may however furnish an unanswerable justification
for Josxert's precipitate retreat. Nor is it easy to
conceive how he has reached Bayonne, sinless he
took, the road through Navarre. Probably, tl e
Ms:meteor, which wan so minute in its delineation
of Jussares stages, audiences, and even hie ley
meals, during his advance to Madrid ; will be as
systematically modest and silent, respecting his re-
trograde steps. Nor shall we probably bear
more of the admiration excited in the Spaniards, by
His " MAJESTY'S majestic attitudes." Oblivion
is in truth the best shelter, and perhaps the safest
asylum, to which this adventurer can fly. He
would do well to accompany LecrEN beyond the
Atlantic ; but not to Mexico, nor to Lima, where
be could expect neither allegiance; nor even per-
sonal security. JOACHIM MLOAT will not at all
relish his re-appearance at Naples; if, indeed, in

the prevent state of things, iNIVILAT himself, or his
son ACHILLES, *ill venture themseloes on such an
expel-lemma. which may be hazardous. BONA..
reeee's ill-established despotism evidently totters.
If it is perpetuated, it must be done by the,

Rhine, the Danube, and d beyond
the Pyrcl at., at the same time. fat, M the tyrant
any longer equal to such exertions ? We believe
that he is not.

There is no instance in modern history of an
Usurper precipitately abandonig his capital and
kingdom, who ever re-entered it ip e Conqueror.
When Jose?* stowed to peas the 'canna, he
should have done it asCiessa did the Rubicon, or
as WILLIAM. • the Noonan, did the Channel.
which separated him from England. He ought
either to have reigned, or to have perished
in Castile. NaPOLEON would, no doubt, so
have acted : So would Caomwstz. A legiti-
mate Monarch, who descends from a line of Kings,
may return from exile, as CHARLES 11. did to this
country ; as, by possibility, Louts XVIII. may
do to France. But Kings are recalled. Usurpers
must force, and must maintain their ground.—
Even Kings cannot refuse to participate in the Comm.
mon danger, and the hazard, without forfeiting
their best title to the obedience of the subject.—
Put LIP V. though driver from Madrid, sad though
his grandfather xi-ivied in Franre, did not, like
inner BONAPARTE, seek refuge in the dominions
of the French Monarch. He successively trans-
ferred his fugitive Court to Paropeluna, to Burgos,
to Toledo, and to other places : but he neter
passed the Spanish frontier, to Perpignan, or to
Bayonne. Pni Lir fought for the Crown to which
ha had hem walled. Anent seems to decline such
personal risks, and to devolve on Bossiwaes, or on
Moticia, the task of defeating CASTAWOS. What-
ever may be the fate of NA;Potsos, it is probable
that „losers will never spill be obtruded on the
patience of any people, in the quality of a Sore-
reign. lie may rejoin his QUILLN at Paris, or at
Fontailibleau ; but he will not sway a sceptre either
beyond the Alps, or the Pyrenees.

BJNAPAATE, meanwhile, has no leisure to be
idle, nor is he accustomed so to be in great emer-
gencies. Wherever be directs his view, his pre-
sence or bss energies are wanted. Denmark he
beholds a east defection from his standard. Oa
the adherence of Maria he muscat be secure..—.

Austria is probahly about to enter the lists with
him once more. Already the Tyrolean* have risen

agaiiii4 their Bavarian Nlagswes. • Naples will prw
bili,ly istiitate the example. The Tyrant can
'waiter, as he well knowawtrisot to the firielitt• of
•' Itheni.gi Coufetleration;". uor to the Poles,
whom be ha; i usaltcd, sad whew chins he baa ri-

retell. Louts and .Ir.it'out, like 3:1 J
. Plit
will be dead weights upon lino. liVes isl:a a. a
Holland must be defended by France. 111 11,1,4
11ost
and his flotillas are equally blockaded. Even a iti
his Colonies in the West Indies, as sell as ivil'a
Cayenne and Maaritui, he can scarcely be whit,
hare any communication. To the French he i,
indeed, atilt an object of terror ; but the adnii:si
tion which accompanied it, is dissolving Lot. Such
is the whim) of the man, at the end of August,
who, in April last, %vas the real, or the ackasir.
lodged Sovereign of the esadiavant of Europe.

In our last we mentioned the application of Lt.
cleft BOtt Armen to a British Minister far
ports to enable him to escape to America. A
Paper of yesterday states, that the request itai
been grouted. It would indaed be a weak ~j
narrow polity to refuse it, and yet in the 'NE.
material Prints, the concession is blazoned a:
an instance of dignified generosity" et, ty,
pert of Government. Foolish and begottti!,
indeed, would the Minister be who should rt.
fuse to give effect to a measure which proclaims
the decline of NAPOLEON, and may be can.
sidercd us the precursor to his fall. If this de.
termination of Luctxx only exhibited the ingra.
titude and unnatural cruelty of NAPOLtOX, if a
be from the importunity of his demands, or th-
terror of his threats, that Lucien is compelled to
fly, it would be a great °Neil gained to Eights&
But we arc convinced that he is influenced be a
stronger and weightier motive. We are conviscol
that if Lungs has taken this resolution, it is be-
he thinks the conduct of his brother is littly
Se bring destruction upon his head, and that all his
Onnueetion• might be involved in the common ruiu.

Some further particulars of the late engagement
between the Russian and Swedish flotillas are tow.
municated iu privatt letters from Stockholm. 'flu
result was not so disastrous to the Swedes as it has
been represented.

Yesterday morning, His MAJErry, Princess
SOPHIA, AVGVSTA, and AIIELII, accompanied by
Lords WALSINOHAM and Suisun' r.ba, Coast
Mumma, Lady TIMM, Generals CART-
WRIGHT and FITZROY, and Colonel TAY Lot, rode
in Windsor Great 1/ark, and returned at twelve.—
Afterwards the PRI N CRUM accompanied by Lord,
WALSINOHAM and SOMERVILLE, Count MI %arm
Lady THY 24 NE, Generals CARTWRIGHT and FM.
aor, and Colonel TAT Loa, took another ride is
an hour.

Her MAJESTY, and Princess ELIZABETiIIy took
an airing to Frogniore Lodge and Gardens.
The Third Report of the Comtuittee an the Pub-
lic Expenditure, Lc. of the United Kingdom, Ms
just been rioted. It is very voluminous, amp
prising no leis than 31 I folio pages.
It would appear, that the French Govern-
ment is anxious to contradict every report that
Sends to excite the belief of approaching
between Austria and France. This is

is to au li,

the impression which had been pro..:uced II a
report that the palace of that town was preparing
for the reception of NAPOLEON.
The LOZD LIEUTENANT of lasi.oxo has 6'.ed
the uth inst. for the commencement of *olume er•
in g from the Irish Militia. The second period of
votwnteering commences on the 25th of Srpie
For those who volunteer into regiments in breat
Britain. the embarking stations are. 13tlfast sad
Newry, the Northern • Dublin, sue Eastern: New
Geneva. the South-gut and Western: and Cork.
the Western and South-west district.

PHILIP DONOVAN. Esq. of Cork, has received a
letter from his brother, WILLIAM Douovsx, Esq.
Master of La Modiste frigate of 36 gums, Hon.
Capt. ELLIOT, dated the 30th of January, in the
river Ganges, stating, that his ship, in company
with two others, had captured 14 large Dani►h
East-lruliamen, very valuably lade*, ant had only
heard of the nat. with Denmark twodgys Iref.rre their

cdptnre.
On Tuesday morning the 77th Regiment march•
ed into Wincl.ester, from Liverpool.
An account. skewing what lias been redeemed of
the National Debt, the Land Tat, and Imperial
Lean, to the let August, 1808 :
Redeemed by Anginal Million, &c. L 71,e3i,y67
Wee, on servant of Loans
Ditto, by Laud Tax
Mlle, by ii. per east. per Nam. es 'lmperial ban 1703 r

. . Total atia,‘63,017
The sillll till" espousals' is the easitiag -
"maw is
The Commissioners for the Reduction of the
National Debt will commence the Act of the cob
Geo. 111. by granting Life Annuities to the Hol-
ders of the 31. per cent. Consolidated and Reduced
&set, *l Thursday next.
Sunday afternoon, the Windsor stage-coach, be•
longing to 'Messrs. Lt L LYWHITZ and Moouv. wad
overturned on Hounslow Heath, near Butchers'
Grose. The passengers were very much bruiud
and hurt ; some were conveyed back to Longford,
and others were obliged to be left at the Bell. at
Hounslow. The coach was driven by Mr. Moony,
one of the proprietors.
The accounts which have appeared rtipectign
the late ?dr. WiLeinson. the great iron-founder.
being buried in his iron coffin, are erroneous. The
iron coffin that he had cast for himself was found
Mensal! to hold the other coffins, which contained
his corpse ; awl his remains now lie in a shell, a
load coffin, and a superb wood coffin, in an arr.
re in a rack called Castle-head, nearly opposite
his house, and the Grange. in Lorncashire, when
titre are five other iron Naos, which he had cast
lie his family; the speeture opens by an iron door
similar to those w.ed to ovens. An iron coffin has
been cast MINX' the decease of Mr. WILILINSON.
at )Nis foundery, sufficiently lance to contain his
remains, and is now ou its way to Castle-head.--
Mr. %Vital ssos's wife is lately dead; she desirtil
that her remains might net he put into an iron
..tu
01/114 wilich request her been coutplied with.
, • ...-

R. ..

The ipeculi
Stlnifiky, tire%
nitrous 14sei
wwi -ever km
were litvrall)
tlee !lour of o
torti‘hing m.
Pitings4ns
ii few minute.
holiest loyal
mice of their
goo. In fac

The nu k
sous, reins

beloved

ein.aberously
•otice well an,

The KING
•weillans.

t•ulawv/ silk ;
TRINCESS
Moat over a lit
will' a ckaio of

PR I N CESS
wroislit throw

late ;leak ; a
pearly'.
PRINCESS
vnaalin, over a I
white late veil'

PRINCESS
Via, row a peal

as ibe

PRINCES
over irbite aati
• rid, 0111a1M11

Their MA
Countess of

notes to

performed i
longing to
are of the
'partial etre

Earl of

vi4Le. L
Lidy Boi
self and
TMY. NE

The b
and the

martia) and

Oa Thum
The Iron Ch
most flatten
arrant isetril
mqrtinrer i
loth the ual
•err interest
arch in BI

e;rery other

On Seim
asrisiat was re
&De. and is

Atatou,
Windsor, Ml►
boas of the
boured the
presence, to
C'heerl,y in th
Mrs. JORD
mood. Thu

hewn, the

•ppeurcd.
The Cot

visitors of A
libraries dail

Mr. POl
author of

The Hon.
house xt Wllll
daring the rei
Mr. Jom Es
at Burton. on
bound: NI mil,
Vo.tcount
few days, for
folk.

Mr. Emus
treot4;biriten
km wis to sun
the Force of
klancheetet.

Hu Grace
takes a lame
to *rend a ft,
Earl and
this day for tl
Drury-Lan
raga on Sato
the Ad lon in„c,
The Static

Sapper, at th
144,14 and
Vb'lndsor.
readers to-m(

The Enrlo
halt Hill, ne
Imp to tonna 1

Lord WI;
topanther.
tomire.

- - -
The Esti •
•• Sunday,*
• allootimi pi
Lord and

yesterday Isr
Mrs. Ju
Widow Ildan(
A 111,4•4
verjrot eat
mks sxiTi
444, at the L
lf:er.

Aently retell. Louts and if ROME, like D JostPl.
, ..
. . •
solities will be dead weights upon him. Wes iala a,‘
placed Holland must be defended by France. R. f 1,,,
*
ewer ? and his flotillas arc equally blockaded. Even ain
tad, by his Colonies in the West Indies, as swell astril'a iii-1.1
messy, Cayenne and Mauritus, he c-an scarcely he aril ,a
W
males, have any communication. To the French he ;.,
endent indeed, atilt an object of terror ; but the admit. - The yieculia
tituted tion which accompanied it, is dileolviug fast. Stich Senility, drew
'nderous lateens!
•••ratace. is the position of the Mau, at the end of Augui•
, was -ever kiss
TE hes who, in April last, was the real, oT the ock„sa. were literally I
ry and 'edged Sovereign of the Continent of Europe. i the !tour of se,
lead or. tortishing mat
In our last tea mentioned the application of Lt• i l'eurce"" 1161
iS more
cleft Kou settees to a British Minister for p.,,. ' ii few minutes
Laillaui-
ports to enable him to escape to America. A holiest loyal a
e same ~ since of their at
roper of yesterday states, that the request iai
flight' been granted. It would iodised be a weak stag. sTheoi:. P laid' k fief
cliiep
letlitia •
. narrow policy to :efnee it, and yet in the 'NE, sons, reinarkal
effects
material Prints, the concession is blazoned a: uances enprese
people,
PH will su
part of Government. Foolish midi besotted,lionsoliold app
Yet in indeed, would the Minister be who should re• • mice well and
oN will
fuse to give effect to a measure which proclaims ' The KING we
s he is
the decline of NAPOLEON, and may Ix con' *wailers.
' The QUEEN d
urP°rl- sidered us the precursor to his fall. If this de. -cowered silk; lit
accord- 'PRINCESS A
termination of Lucite only exhibited the ingress
policy, „ cloak over •• Woe
triune and unnatural cruelty of NAPOLEON, if it wide a alai'. of p
'lies the ' be from the importunity of his demands, or the en INcees I
k a hos- wroight through
teemed terror of his threats, that Lucien is compelled to leer cloak ; a b
fly, it would be a greet object gained to England. pearls.
Plt I NC ESS 3
to re" But we arc convinced that he is influenced In a enoshn, over api
ire Pet- stronger and weightier motive. We are convinced white lace veil as
IlioU I a that if Lunge has. taken this resolution, it is be-PRINCESS 8
ha, over a pea.gr
illeete" cause he thinks the conduct of his brother is likely as the Priming I
PRINCESS A
to bring destruction upon his head, and all hn aver white satin;
Led that connections might be involved in the common ruin. a rich °nutmeat I
roviltee, —.mi.— Their Mat
fication Some further particulars of the late engagement Countess of C
Fashionable%
between the Ruudian and Swedish flotillas are cool.
easy to notes to listeu
flees he municated iu private letters from Stockholos. The performed in a
61,,, ti e result was not so disastrous to the Swedes as it has longing to th
ineation i been represented. are of the fin
_ _
uartial effect.
his levy Yesterday morning, His MAJESTY, Princesses Among the
if be as SoPHIA, AVGUaTA, and AsIELIS, accompanied by
Earl of HAIR
Lords WALsIN GNAW and Sumgait' tts, Count
hits re- vitte, Lord
Muster', Lady THTNNE, Generals CART-
AJedy BOSTON
ly hear WRIGHT and FIT2IIOY, and Colonel TAT Lot, rode
woe and CAI
ards, by in Windsor Great I/ark, and returned at twelve.— Tait aNE and
Dblivion Afterwards the Pas N cessEs, aceomyanied by Lords The bands r
he safest WALBINOHAss and SolliEltel tee, Count Mt %vett. and the St.iffd
He Lady TIMONE, Generals CARTwitIGHT and Frit. mania) and ot
ly.
.„" nor, and Colonel TAT Lott, took another ride fee
(In° we an hour. IVLY,
a, where Her MAJESTT, and Princess ELIZABWItiII, took
von per- an airing to Frogniore Lodge and Gardens. Oa Thumb
ot at all The Third Report of the Committee an the Pub- 77stt Iron Cheri
lie Expenditure, Le. of the United Kingdom, has mast flattering
ideed, in just been rioted. It is very voluminous, csee avow eadie .
fs or his prising no less than 311 folio pages. A/soirees. in a
such an It would appear, that the French Govern- with the a arn2
Bona- Merit is anvvsus to contradict every report that very intersstire
y t°4t—..—
~.„_ tends to excite the belief of approaching hostility arch in Blanc
libit4etweeo Austria and France. This as snide austopeasbeari
the anost ^l43^-• 9fSU artirlf-deSeStStrk , . . PfplitaßlErllt
Of Mat- in whifktliede is an awkward endeavor.. o eft'' every other TII
1 beyond the impression which had been pro..:uced by a On Saturals
be tyrant report that the palace of that town was prepanng ntephe was rear
e believe for the reception of NApoLEoN. lose. and is ti
The Loan LIEUTENANT of last.axo has fled
the uth inst. for the commeucemeast of voluate el, 'Alla NIS, C
ry of an in g from the Irish Militia. The second period of Windvor, whet
,iud sad volunteering commences on the 25th of Sere her. nous of the It
For those who volunteer into regiments in treat loured the Th
inqueror. Britain, the embarking stations are. Belfast sad presence, to si
woad he Newry, the Northern • Dublin, toe Eastern: New C'heerl,y in the
bicon, or Geneva, the South-rut: and Western : and Cork, Mrs. JORDI
Channel. the Western and South-west district. mond. This
been, the mot
lie surht , PHILIP D IeSIOV 4N, Bag; of Cork, has received a
- letter from his brother, WILLIAM DOKOV•tr, Esq. appeared.
Perished Master of La Modeste frigate of 36 gees, Hon. The Counte
subt, so Capt. ELLIOT, dated the 30th of January, in the visitors of Bog
k legiti- river Ganges, stating, that his ship, in company libraries daily
if Kings, with two others, had captured 14 lare Danish Mr. Pocoes
d to this
East-Intliamen, very valuably laden, and had only author of Yes
i
heard of the car with Denmark two days before their The Hon.
111. may eiptnre. house at Won
a n........... rid.. cr..—5.... ...-.. .. :.. - .t.-.,-„t. n--:.-..., esseell. define the ....
