ASSESSED TAXES.

Mr. Tierney, from the Tax Office, brought up a return of the
taxes.—Ordered to he on the table.

UXBRIDGE; RO BILL.

Sir CHARLES COCK ERELL brought m a Bill for Lighting
and Watering the Road leading from T►burn Turnpike through
Shepherd's Bush and Hanwell.heath to Uxbridge.
Mr. GREEN moved for a new writ to elect a Member to serve
In Parliament for Oxford, in the place of Mt. Eben, who has ac-
cepted of the Chiltern Hundreds.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
. _

Petitions were presented, praying fo;Ttleatioliiion of slavery,
by Mr. Littleton, from Dudley ; by Sir Charles Cockerel, front
}sham; by 2ilr. Lindsay, from the Session of Dundee, anti signed
Bethe Moderators by Mr. Sykes, from Collingham, and by Mr.
nett, front Melkshain, in Wiltshire, praying also for an equaliz-
ation of the duty on East and West India Sugars.
CORN LAMPS.
Mr. Sergeant ONSLO%V presented a Petition from Notting-
ham, praying a revision of the Corn Laws. lie said that the state
of the manufacturent by whom this petition was very Butner
signed was in a moat deplorable condition ; the mechanics
short dine ago were in that state of comfort to allow tbemsel,
merely the necessaries of life, but to indulge in the er
luxuries, were now obliged to work on the road for one
day. The petitioners complained of the partial operation
C,rrn Laws; they thought they were unfairly dealt with
neighbours being allowed to import their manufactures
country, while by the operation of the Corn Laws, the',
late were sold at too high a tau to enable them to compete
manufacturers of foreign countries' who could live at *
°keeper rate than they could. It had been stated by
that House that the manufacturers had lately altered
on those laws • but when they saw the petitions
already presented, and those which he felt ward
hereafter presented, against them lie was convinced
Members would perceive that the opinion. of the.
haring classes on their unfair indiums and tLfrl
were still unchanged. The effect if the
to uphold theagrictiltural interests and to &pros lboos
nunleturers ;ihat would be productive of ippekdreerisltus. be
felt perfectly certain that if there was not *glen u 1.411.1 r adept
.brovest next year, they should witnem the sorrosess d sad see
the manufacturing classes in a worse situation than at My farmer
period. He thought the Corn Laws ought to. be revised before
they allowed foreign manufactures to be imported. The oppreeliee
tog
weight of the taxes rendered it impossible kW

ry numerously obvious or necessary in these circumstances than that Govern.
chanica who a ment should ruts an Act declaratory of the law. and maintain.
themselves not ing Lord I:llenborough's decision; but instead of this. Govern.
enjoyment of meat dial nothing; that was its rule of security. In like nuke-
ne shilling per ner, the Attorney. General gave notice last Session of a Bill
oration or the to prevent wild speculation, which Bill lay on the table daring
with by their the whole Session, without Ministers deigning to take notice of it.
sea into title So that the imputation of cherialting
.speculistion presses! much
i necessarleekof...inere severely on Ministers themselves than on the country bankers.
spete with tire But why did not Ministers think of repealing the Act which gave
a censiderably the Bunk of Englrnd its charter till the year 11C1.1? Ile would
y Members of ask on what ground the Bank held its charter 7—an Act of Par.
their opinions !lament. Aod on what ground did the country banks issue their
a which were paper?—on Act of Pairilantent ; the fincupty to both uses was
red would be equal. Then, why did Ministers feel . bound to keep faith in
winced those one case and not in the other ? lf Mt et which enabled country
the manufac— bankers to issue their notes was r how miel would, be theft
real operation situation ! 'ln 1822, when pressed r such a measure, they eitapt
ru ~Laws was • all interference, and when an parttuilty haebeen given them to
me of the ma. make a large issue, the) are au 4,2 earlid upon to retlet—littid.
ill
lodge& aced be denly he would say. for altbo t a period wee notOntilly'llteri
t and abundant sears. St "Ada really be but eighteen menthe. Is lies said list
'stress, sad see they bad 'planed Visetr.pewer by everdesaeb but bad not the Brink
Ist any former of England done ;he ewe? had they nott,, altered tlse lulu by the
revised before guinea to 275. and get It wise not dedimed just to deprive them on
The oppressive that account a Alai ;Warier ; but thefatt , Ihtlf of' 44 over.issee
glistunmak. idOtta of .dowoj. that-charier; Otadcm= lay that the gun poets
