PARIS PAPERS.

PAIS'S. AUGUST 21.

- -
In a Circular Islels add dby the Minister of
the Interior to the Prefects, it is said that indivi-
duals whose conduct is very reprehen,able, and
whose months and opinions are as blameable as dan-
gerous, assume the character of primary teachers,
without hiving olvained a warrant of capacity (bre-
vit de aspirate), or a special authorisation to esta-
blish themselves in a ',articular commune ; that it
has even happened that men have assumed this title
who have been stigmatised by the tribunals and
condemned to infamous punishments. The Com-
mittees of Cantons are requested to get the neces-
sary information on this subject, and to order the
shutting up of schools formed by these individuals.
—(Quotidienne.)

PARIS. AUGUST Q 2.
Prince Labanoff de Roscoff, Aide.de.Camp to
the Emperor Alexander, is arrived in Paris.
Saturday,. at one o'clock, the officers of the na.
tional guard of Paris will be admitted to present
their congratulations to his Majesty, on the occasion
of the festival of Saint Louis. On the same day
the bands of the twelve legions will execute erre.
nodes and other pieces of music under the windows
of the Castle. The banquet in honour of the King
will take place this day (Thursday). Persons of
the first distinction have subscribed to this family
fete. _ _
_ _

A loan of three millions has been opened at Bar-
celona, to complete the military preparations which
the Constitutionalist, are making to defend them-
selves against the Royali►ts, who attack them with
vigour throughout all Catalonia.
Yesterday the king gave a private audience to
M. Hyde de Neuville, the French Ambassador to
the United States.

The Augsburg Gazette announces that the Con.
grew; of Sovereigns will be opened at Verona on the
Ist of October, ufter a preparatory meeting of the
Ministers of the several Cabinets, aotradds, that
the Court of Austria may possibly pass the greater
part of the winter to Italy.

A letter from the environs of St. Jean Pied de
Po►t, dated the 13th of August, states that the
main body of the Army of the Faith continues en-
trenched at Yrsti; it is said to be 6.000 strong.
Detachments of from 500 to 600 men make incur-
sions into the interior of the province up to the
walls of Pimpeluna; they carry off all the horses
that are fit for. cavalry. It is added, that 400
young men joined them in the valley of Ito, and
accompanied thew to Yrati.
Generals Espinosa and Quiroga have been forced
to march from Valladolid, with all they could col-
lect. to. Z unara,und Toro, where symptoms of in-
surrection have maoiressed themselves, excited by

the Chief of the rtoyslists, Brecht, who is upon
the Minh° with a strong squadron.
The first representation given on Wednesday
by the F,oglish actors, at the little
.thestre, Rue
Chsntereine, was listened to with a considershle
degree of interest and favour. An audience, more
select than numerous, cnutil only afford Mr. Penley
■ moderate return, in a pecuniary point of view ;
but he was indemnified by the cont►ast which this
assemblage of distinguished persons, the true re-
presentatives of French urbanity and politeness,
presented, to the band of stupid, contemptible
persons, who displayed their patriotism arid national
spirit it) the pit of La Porte St. Marlin.
The petforinstires for this night are, Sheridan'•
comedy of The School for Scandal, and the comic
opera of Rosinc—f Gazelle de France.)

COURT OF ASSIZE.
CONSPIRACY OF LA ROCHELLE.

The trial of the affair called the Conspiracy of Ls
Rochelle, commenced yesterday. before the Court
of Assize of the Seine. The persons charged with
conspiring ire twelve in numhsr. and the first CO
the list is Jean Marie Renaud Barodere, en adv.,-
cite residing in Paris. These twelve are accused of
having participrted in • plot to destroy or change
the Government, or the order of succession to the
throne; or to excite citizens to arm themselves
against the royal authority, Sze. Thirteen others
are charged with misprision, or concealing the plot
during twenty-four hours after it came to their
knowledge.
At nine o'clock the list of witnesses was called
over, and 54 answered to their names. At one
o'clock the Prisoners were iortrodoced. Captain
Manias and Serjeant-Major Gonpillun alone were
dressed in uniform.

The July having been sworn,,the President read
the Het of accusation, which occupied ururly three
hours.

The Gazette de France giv►s the following brief
summary of the case, and of the principal points to
be produced in evidence to aus'ain the charge
A vast conspirer), has been formed against
social order, and also rgaii:st thrones, and every
'tidy of citizens menaced with being again plunged
into all the horrors of smartly, even more than
against the dsnasties of sovereigns. It is the work
of the sect of Caihonari, whose presence in Ger-
many was manifestsd by the murder of Kotzebue.
Saitz-rland had a society of Urn aaaaa I Regenera-
tion. In the isles of Greece, assemblies of patriots
of a new reform took place, whose object was to
rescue the virtuous man front slavery, and to wrest
the produce of our labours from insatiable crowned
monsters, to make an equal division of it amongst
those alto have an equal right to it. It was impos-
sible that France, thus surrounded, should not be
affected by the contagion, for which, moreover,
those men were but too good subjects, who disguise
their hatred, their discontent, and their ambition,
under the deceitful show of the love of liberty.
This fatal inoculation first commenced in Corsica.
The oath of the affiliated is conceived in these
terms :

I swear to •alor liberty above all things—to face droll'
on ell occasions for the Carbonari—to abandon et the first
signal the brothers of my own blood, to aid end smut my
brushers the Carbonare." _

It was at Paris, particularly, that the concealed
authors of this dangerous institution laid its most
solid foundations. They established there a Secret
or Managing Committee. Detestable projects have
been attempted, or have even been curried into
execution in various parts of France. The criminal
influence and actions of the Managing Committee
are experienced in every quarter, and also the proof
of its existence is demonstrated ; some of the con-
spirators themselves bear testimony of this, though
they are at the distance of 100 leagues from each
other, being compelled to confess every thing by
the decisive nature of the proof. The conspiracy
which was on the point of breaking out at Rochelle,
and which is the subject of the present trial, was
arranged at Paris, and it was Awn Paris that emis-
saries and a signal were expected to regulate the
conduct of the conspirators at Rochelle.

This Managing Committer, this Supreme Lodge,
this Provincial Government, as they will have it
called, his also, if we may believe, a masse of very
precis• information and evidence, its ministers,
three in number, assembled as a Committee of Su-
perintendence, or Public Safety, and punctually
executing the orders of their masters.
Under this Supreme Lodge the ssencistion is di-
vided into small clubs of from eight to twenty
members, absolutely unknown to each other, which
are strictly prohibited not only from ever communi-
cating together, but from even endeavouring to
find out the names of those belongiiig to the in-
fetior or superior societies.
There are three principal degrees of those lodge.
subordinate to the supreme Judge; the high, the
central, and the private.
Each private lodge sends a deputy to the central,
and the latter deputes a member to the lodge.
The following are the facia particularly con-
nected with the conspiracy the course of the
year 1811, the police of Paris received information
of the existence of Calm:marl Clubs in that city.
Some men of a very suspicious descriplion weir
pointed out as the instigators of ciiminul designs
in these private assemblies. Amongst these it was
said a person named Miracle-re, deputy to the high
lodge ; Larogne and Gaunt'', medical studen,s ;
Marcel and Rose, in the employment of the Hilo'
Company of Insurance ; and Hernon, formerly io the
army, but now a teacher in the suburb Sr. Nliteceati,
were particularly distinguished by their ardour.
The 45`11 regiment of the line was in garrison in
Paris during the year 1821. In this regiment was
a Captain Manias, one of the Carbointri, who was
connected with permits of consequence in Paris.
He was charged with the direction of a plot, the
execution of which was intrusted to the non•com-
missioned officers of his regiment, at the head of
whom was Serjeatit-Mspir Boris., who determined
to organize a military lotke in the regiment. The
persons whom hr involved in the scheme were, Ser.
jeante-Nlajar Fotirny, (Atmore, and Castille ; Ser.
jeants Goubin, Hue, Cachet, and Barlet ; Corporals
Gauthier, Thom's, and Lecoq. The latter. in
turn, induced Setjeants Alone., &debase. Pom-
mier, and !Lion' ; Corporals Giodrat and Demait ;
Privates Bicheion ■nd Lefeere ; and fluidly, Ser-
jeants Perreton ■nd Dutron. to join them. The
greater part of those individuals were initiated wit bout
preparation, and swore merely to assist each other ;
several were admitted to a realer share of coefi•

donee, 'sod look an oath upon a sabre not to reveal
any thing on pain alkali'. The act of accusation here
proceeds to examine facts relative to the initiation
of each of the :teemed ; it extenuates the criminality
of Perretou, Hue, Cochet, and Laboure, who have
left the Society, and abandoned the projects of the
seditious. Bonita transmitted to the initiated the
signs null word; of recognition, viz. Sperenza.
foie, Carina. The military lodge depended noon
a central one, of which Barudere was Presi-
dent. The latter deputed two of its members,
Laroque, a medical stud t en., and another per-
son, not known, to initiate Pommier nod Goldin) ;
Retries was • deputy from Its lodge to that
of Baradere. It was from that superior lodge he
received instructions to distribute money and
poniards to the initialed. This distribution was
followed by a meeting which took place at the house
of u wine-merchant, in La rue Montague St. Gene-
vieve, name Gaucherot ; it was with a view to in-
form the soldiers that they were supp.,ited by the
citizens. Hereon, aiuran, stint Kusit, were present
us deputies from the central lout,/ e. The first made
speech adapted to inspire their minds with el iroi-
nal hopes. The regiment left Paris on the 2lst of
January 1821, for Rochelle. Boric. made some
overtures to A serjertit•anaj.,r, tramtdChoulet,iloring
the march, which were rejected. On arrivilig at
Orleaus, he assembled the conspirator. at an enter-
tainment lot-glared for thin at the inn of the Fleur
de Lis. Ilicheron was formally initiotel. Boric.
then told the initiated that the regiment would not
proceed to Rochelle, that it was probable it would
sect advance beyond St. Moore—that at hurts he
had teceieed orders to commence by attacking the
magazine of Tours—that from thence the regiment
would proceed to join the rebels, and march upon
Sauenur, the gates of which ieould be opened by
the gurrison, which had been gamed over--that some
officers of artillery were following the regiment with
two gout—that he himself expected enders every
day, and that at "fours he should receive ills filial
instructions. Boric. was broken on the march for
a violation of discipline, and implitioned in the
tower of Rochelle when the regiment arrived there.
Goo bin succeeded him, mid had several mysterious
conferences in the etivirone of the city with u Deputy
from Paris, and a person. supposed to be General
Berton. Serjeant-Major Goupilloo, Corporal Du-
ristcsq, and private Lefevre were initiated. It was
in agitation to obtain possession of the avenues
to the barracks—to arrest soul convey to ours
the Colonel and officers of the battalion, to
prevent the officers from reselling their quarters, to
assume, on the part of the Carbonari, the command
of the troops, and join the Carbonari, who were to
appear well armed in the neighbourhood of the
city, after h tying raised the triteoloured standard.
Goubiti formed a new connexion with a person
named Absosia, President of the High Lodge of
Rochelle. The conspirators had several meetings
at the Lion d'Argent and tie Soleil il'Or. At the
latter the assembly was disturbed by an Aker
' who came successively in quest of Raoul, Gonhin,
and Pommier, to give some explanation to the Co-
lonel relatively to what passed at Nina, in a con-
ference Mitch they tad had with the Carbonari of
that town; Goubin, whose information did not
satisfy the officers, was placed tinder the care of
the police on the 15th of March. Pommier suc-
ceeded him in the direction of the conspiracy. He
conferred with the agent of the directing Com-
mitter, and the General who eves in the ileignhour-
hood of Rochelle. On the 1711 i there was a dinner
at the Soleil d'Or, and Pommier declared the con•
spiracy would break out at lour o'clock next morn.
fog. After evening call he left his quarters dis•
guised as a peasant, to confer with the General and
the Deputy, who hod hero in the coy since six
o'clock, but he was met and recognised by an
Adjutant Sub-officer, who caused bun in be ar-
rested. He succeeded in escaping from the police,
but it is not known whether he found the Deputy
and the General at the place of appointment,

On the evening of the 18111. Gourill,u, one of
those lust initiated, becoming a prey to it m aye,
went to his Colonel and disclosed all he knew of
the conspiracy ; lie mimed all his accomplices, and
delivered up the pnr.iard which Porninier had given
him. Those whose names he had mentioned were
then arrested.

In consequence of the informations of the sc-
cusrd, Mindere, Rernorr, Marcel, Rose, and st-
eers' oiler's, were arrested. Some of them base
been set at liberty ; and those brought before the
Court yesterday are the only persons prosecuted.
The President proceeded to interrogate the ac-
cused, and the Court rose at five o'clock.
FRENCH FuNDS.—Five per Cents, 93 Ir. 90c.—
Bank Sun k, 1,622 Ir. 50 c.

ODESSA, JULY 25.

It is reported that the Itussian fleet in the Black
Sea, 14 slows sluing, is to be armed at Sebasto-
pol. God foibid that we should make it be be-
lieved that this is the commencement of hostilities!
but perhaps there is a plan of intimidating the
Turks when they shall 11455 recovered the panic
which the death of the Capitan Pucka has caused
them, to obtain at least some of the conditions of
the last tliirnotam. It is only to be feared that this
demonstration will have se. little effect upon the
Turks as ilvisc that have been remind', (eagle.
It is said that a garrison of 3,000 Tu• ks will re-
main in the Principality, after the arrival of the
Ilospodos. It opp.aro, it at considering the cir-
cumstances, the Porte has determined on thus uira-
sure, contrary to the Treaty of lincilarest.
The news from Bucharest say, that ou)::; 1,9.00
Tusks will remain in that Principality sifter the or.
rival of the thisporlar. There are still some vil-
loges burned in the neighbourhood of Jassy.

TRIF.STE, AUGUST 15.

We have news born Chi° of the 15th of July,
by a v.-tort from Hydra. The vesssls of the Caps-
tan Podia's squadron, wive!' escolied from bell%
burnt, have retired to the port of °barb', in the
island of Nlytelene. Some of them entered the port
of Alytrleise, under the protection of the tire of the
castle. They had lost their anchor', from which
they had cut at the moment of the explosion. The
third expedition which sailed from Constantinople
had nut been able to join the fleet, because 36
Greek vessels cruised before the Dardanelles. It
was saved by this accident. The port of Oliveto is
entirely open. It is believed that the Turks will
there dismantle their ships, if they do 1101 succeed
in regaining the Dardeurlles. The defeat of the
Egyptian and Algerme squadron near Sada, in
Candis, gains confirmation. The massacre of the

inhabitants of the village of Mastie, in the Lle
Chio, has renewed the ardour which animates
the inhabitants of the Archipelago. It is said
the European Consuls resident at Chro have
aerie,' that vast sepulchre.
A merchant ship which has just arrived fr
Smyrna brings intelligence that tranquillity
*word to prevail there. It was sari that Citron,
lkiOdoo but surrendered to Ilia Greeks, bee.'
they de-paired of being. relieved after the deal
the Capitun P,cha. "Ilie for ress of Mars, al
holds out. The new Canaan Paella it known it
stint up in it. If this fortress falls, all the Mt
will lie free.

Letters from Cerigo assure us of the esiitun
Coron nod Modoir. It is said th4t, aer,,e,lll)l
letters f Constantinople or the 21)!Ii of July,
Grand Seignior had ciogrd two of the imortso
131.hant to be hung, and that the P.triareli

likewise deed, it was not known how. On then.
Itend, tlir Porte tied set st liberty the relatinon
the unfornntine Prince Ca
Boli. But this news requires confirnistion.

11-11!_. S PRE

lON DON,

MONDAY, AucvsT 26, 1822.

Paris Papers to the 23t1 instant have arrive.:
our Office. The trial of the military and ct..
persons who were implicated some time sine.-
what' was called the conspiracy of La Rod: !!..,
commenced on Wednesday in Paris before
Assize Court of the department of the Seine.
act of accusation complied, no less than 25 pe• . •
of various ranks, the principal of whom is at 1
vacate residing in Paris, named BARADERE. •,
individual and eleven others are accuerd of h,
formed a treasonable conspiracy against the 1..,
Family, the order of succession, and the tran .
lity of the State; and the remaining thirteen
charged with misprision of treason in not Navin:
vealed their knowledge of the conspiracy a
twenty-four hours to the competent authuritier
The conspiracy with which the prisoners .
charged is perhaps the most rernat:kable for th- :s •
tent—we might ray the extravagance of its 01. ,
and the singularity of its meow, that has been r!I 41i r
known to the world even in this age, which .
been so prolific in schemes of treason. Tie ce c •
spirators whom we have hitherto hod occasion to cot -
template, have confined their projects of imrove-
ment or destruction to the particular country
which fortune may have chanced to fix their .f.. 1.•
dence, and their hostility to Royalty hat been
usually satisfied with an attempt against the
authority of the individual Sovereign or dynasic
whose enviers chance or merit rosy have cons•
the destinies of their respective nations. But -
conspiracy of La Rochelle embraced the se...
of regenerating not France alone, hut the greate ,
of Europe. The King's Attorney-General de,
that the crime contemplated the destructw.
social order in general, by the overturning of al: ,t•
existing institutions, and that it was but an 'mina..
tiou from the great and mysterious society of Car-
bonari, who overspread Italy, Germany, Svviiter-
land, and Greece, and a lin had established a gracol
Central Association in Paris, fur the purpose 0,"
giving more extensive operation to the revolut:that
piinciplrs of the Society.
The machinery formed for impelling the tntg •
projects of this association consisted, we find,
Directing Committee, Supreme Lodger, t"
Lodge., and Private Lodges, connected ti I: •
by the pervading principle of rrpresentatio.. A •
oath of devoted adherence to the purposes of the
Union, and to each other, and of i•nolicti
obedieuce to the commands of the ss.ro tier
Carhonori, was framed, and words of mutt..i i -
cognizance were adopted by the conspirators. 1 iie
words were, Speranza, fede, Cnrita, which 'pith!
chew the Italian origin of the institution ; but, is,
all this parade of system and of purpose, we en rot
find that any means had been provided at all ads-
quite to the accomplishment of any aerioue
alt•rming design. The conspiracy, which wos
overthrow not only the throne of the Bourns*, .s.
but also the throne of the Emperor of Amer:. ,
the King of PRUSSIA, and of every other Po,,
tate in Europe, was ripe, we are told, fe• •
sirup on or shout the 18th of March mil. •
paltry were the powers of this terrible ass. •
that the remorse of one GOUPILLON, a se." •

the 45th regiment, was sufficient to de
their preparations. This soldier betrayed

to the pofice, and the whole of the coo

who did not exceed twenty men of low ra '

without any difficulty orremed end tin

iirison. Geoetal BERT ON is said to have b,

of the existence of this conspiracy in Le
and to have communicated perronally with •
spirators. This General has Left) for corn •
custody, and is, we nuiy presume, the of •

criminal procedure under the innurchste iu
of tire Ministers. 'lire plot of La }tor •
been known for eighteen months, and yet t:•
tinn respecting General BERTON'S panic
the design is a►serted in terms too express •

certainty to permit us to believe that r'
Ministers can feel themselves justified in FS
so high tin offence to this unfortunate
without postoeing positive information u
matter.

We regret to perceive in the opening of c
a very disingenuous attempt made by tb..

ti -.

Ministry to cast a prejudice upon the saceeti cause
of liberty in Greece. The term " Carbon■ri" has
been used at least by the Crowned Heads of Eu-
rope and their Ministers, as a term of reproach,
and consequently when we find it applied by
the French Ministers to the glorious band of war-
riors and patriots who are combating in Greece
againot the barbarous oppressors of their country,
we can easily understand the injurious impression
which. the Cabinet of the Tuileries entertains and
wishes to convey respecting their noble exertions.
We regret this feeling on the part of the Govern-
ment of France, as injurious to the Greeks and
disgraceful to the French. This conspiracy has been
lying aside, and almost forgotten, during eighteen
month., and now we find it suddenly brought
to light with this indirect blow at the Greeks at
the very moment when the question of their freedom
is about to be discussed by a Congress of the
Princt s ti Europe. We almost suspect that so
remarkable a conjuncture was not unintentional;
at all events, it cannot be doubted that this
conspiracy, which will at the time of the Congress
be fresh in the minds of the Sovereign., will
teed considerably to give a bias to their deli-
berations unfriendly to the general liberties of man-
kind. The trial will probrbly occupy several days.
The intelligence from the East is important. It ap-
pears that the remains of the Turkish fleet which es.
caged destruction off Scio, had taken shelter in (th-
rew, in the island of Mytelene, the ancient Li shot, its
return to the Dardanelles having been cut off by ■
Greek fleet cruising before that Strait. Olivetti be-
ing en open rut, it was expected that the Turks
would destroy the ships to prevent their falling into
the hands of the Greeks. It is also mated that the
Russian fleet at Sebastopol, in the Black Sea is in
a state of preparation. It is said to consist of four-
teen sail of the line, a force fully sufficient to over-
awe Turkey, for which purpose report states it is
intended. The successes of the Greeks appear to
hare increased the fury of the 000(11.111 Porte.
Letters from Constantinople of the 201 h ult. assert,
that the GRAND SEIGNIOR lied caused two of the
imprisoned Bishop■ to be hanged, and that the new
Patriarch had also been put to death, though it
was not exactly known in what manner.

The British Merchants must deeply regret the
delay of oar Government in recognising the inde-
pendence of the South American States. It must,
however, afford great satisfaction to their trans-
atlantic neighbours. Of the liveliness of their
joy some idea may be formed from the following
observations of the Editor of one of the New York
Papers, at the time when the success of the arms
of Colombia had assumed a decisive character, and
secured its independence:—
"A few days since we took the liberty, in a short para.
graph, to call the attention of the American merchants to the
vast markets about to be opened to the enterprise of the
world, in the late American Colonies of Spain : and we now
beg leave again to direct their attention to the name subject,
sr we are apprehensive, notwithstanding our propinquity to
them, that the vigilant and indefatigable John Bull will get
the start of ire. It has been for months reduced to a cer-
tainty, that Spain can no longer exercise any authority
over her revolted subjects: the United States have for-
mally recognised their independence ; and at the mo•
meat of their taking rank among the nations of the
earth, while we have the opportunity, it is all im-
poitant that we make arrsagemente to secure those
commercial advantages which will naturally fall to us, in
, consequence of our having been the first to acknowledge and
proclaim their national existence.
" The British merchants, and the British Government,
ale not iiiscnsilde to the vast field for commercial enterprise
now (Inning in the New Weld; nor are they blind to the
immense advantages which we possess over any other natien,
poi Ida we are prompt in availing ourselves of them. Wit-
oess the alacrity with which a meeting was held in London,
the moment it was known that the Government of the United
Stales was about to acknowledge the independence of
those fine coonteics. The prureedings of that meeting are
already before the public, mid what we are contending for is
there expressly acknowledged, viz —Mal in consequence of
tit timely ntea.ntres taken by this Gorernment, the vessels
this country will be entitled to decided advantages, hills
short of a moropuly of the trade, until Great Britain, and
other countries, shall by similar measures become entitled
to share in it And it naval be remembered, that the memo-
rial to the !Ards (I the Prirn Council upon this subject,
received ininvtdiale athrition, and a faecurable derision.
This latter part phew@ clearly of what importance the
South American and Mexican markets are held in. the great
commercial emporium of Europe. And we may rest ismer-
ed, that en eneasnrra which ingenuity can device, and
intrigue and capital accomplish, will be neglected to obtain
the command of those markets, to our partial or entire se-
clusion. Surely our merchants should attend to this sub.
ject without a moment's delay. Such things have not been
usual in this country, hut we would beg leave to suggest a
meeting of Use heavy merchants, with a view to a combined
and efficient attempt to extend our commercial relations iu
that country, and rctablt.h them upon a thimble basis.
Our matiefiii iiiters, also, whose fabrics are fast arriviug to
excellence, and many of them to perfection, cannot be in-
sensible to the "art advantages which that immense southern
maker will colder upon them, if they do not suffer the op-
portunity to escape. He have only to "take time by the
forelock," and we may pedlars monopolize the market for
I ,t:011 Kurds of the whole southetn continent (excepting
the Brazils). and including Mt xico. Of what immense con.
(menet would it be to us, if the middle and eastern stairs
• wet k up the raw ntahricl of the south, and exchange
it for the produce and preemie* metals of Mexico and Peru.
There ore many either articles of American manufacture
beside, rottoo, with which we might supply that market.
And what manufactures cannot be supplied direct by iss, can
he fui nisbed from II e English workshop', and from the In-
dic., through the Ammican merchants. Thus a wide duct„.
• he Opel, for an extensive carrying trade.
'. It tiny that we are visiortasy, and that these views are
Oi.l) a dreznis of gold but it duce "Neese to us) that the

acinowledgeeent of Spanish American independence his
opened to the United States so almost boundless field for
commercial enterprise, which, if properly improved, will
glue a fresh spring to every species of American industry,
that will yield a golden harvest, so abundant ■s amply to
compensate as for the embarrassments of the last few years,"
—(Nrso York Paper.)

The ship Lusitania, Lieut. %V. LONGDON, R.N.
Commander, passed up Channel last week for the
River from the South Seas, Sydney, Van Dieman's
Land, and Rio Janeiro, having taken in part of her
cargo, of 150 tons elephant oil, at Nlacquarrie Island
(in the South Seas), and completed it with sugar and
coffee at Rio. She kft Sydney Ist of January
last, Derwent 21st February, and Macqnarrie
Island 28th of March, and arrived at Rio un the
20th of May, having made the passage (*bout
5,000 miles) round Cape Horn in the short space
of 17 days. She was struck by • heavy sea off the
Cape, which broke the two lower gudgeons of her
rudder. She left Rio the 13th of June, and ar-
rived in the Downs on the 17th of August, having
performed a trading voyage round the world in four-
teen months and seven days. The Illarelerfield, of
Pool, was repairing damages at Rio, which she
had sustained in a squall, intending to fail
for Vail Dieman's Land the latter end of June.—
Great numbers of emigrants continued to arrive in
our Australasian Colonies ; hut, as very few took
out any capital, they will not do more by their
labour than obtain a living for some time. The
in-
crease of respectable settlers during the preceding
two years exceeds the whole number that had ar-
rived in the preceding 32 years. The total popu-
lation or Sydney, Param•tta, Liverpool, Windsor,
Bathurst, Newcastle, and the surrounding districts,
was mustered at 34,500; •nd, including Van Die.
man's Land, the inhabitants of the territory at large
at 42,000 souls. As a proof of their commercial pro-
sperity, ten vessels had left the ports of Australasia,
with cargoes for Europe, within a very few days.
Commodore Sir THOMAS HARDY was lying at Rio.
in the Creole frigate, as was the American frigate
Constellation, which ship arrived the day before the
Lusitania sailed from Valparaiso.—We regret to
hear that Captain THOMAS GRAHAM, of hia Ma-
jesty's ship Doris, died at Valparaiso in the begin-
ning of May. His widow, Mrs. MARIA GRAHAM
(the celebrated authoress), intended to proceed to
England by the first English ship.

The ship Lady Ridley, Captain WEIR, which
arrived last week at Portsmouth with a cargo of
pepper from Batavia and the Cape of Good Hope,
sailed from the fo►mer place on the 13th of Fe-
bruary, and from the Cape on the 30th of April.—
A heavy gale was experienced at the Cnt•e on the
28th and 29th of that month, daring which his Ma-
jesty's ship Hyperion, Captain LILLICRAP, drove
end carried away the moorings of a 74-Kull ship,
and two Russian ships, hound on voyages of dis-
covery, patted from their anchors, but brought up,
alter driving very near the rocks. The Lady Rid-
ley had the flukes of her best bower anchor broken.
She called Portsmouth for orders, and to recruit
her provisions and water.

We copy the following paragraph from a rorts-
mouth Paper (110TTLEY's Hampshire Telegraph).
We cannot reconcile it with the zeal professed by
our Government, and the sociificea which it has
made, for the abolition of 64 disgrace of the
civilized world, the Slave Trade:—
" The two French vessels, Vigilante and L'l'renle, which
were captured by the boars of his Itlajests's ship. Iphigenia,
Sir ROBERT MINDS, and Myrmidon, Captain LECKE, slier
such a severe contest, in the river Bonny, have been released,
and sailed yesterday for Cherbourg. The one which put
into Plymouth (La Petit Betzry)is also ordered to be sent
to the same port."

The Editor of the Portsmouth Paper follows up
this statement with the following just observa-
tions:—

"It appears to es unaccountable that these v Is should
be restored, after haring been captured five degrees to the
northward of the Line, with several hundred slaves actually
on hoard, and so trading (as we have always understood)
contrary to express treaties. Now, our Government will
have to pay to the captors about 10/. a head as bounty
money fur each slave, awl, most probably, be obliged
to give to the owners of the vessels as much money fur
their cargoes of human flesh, and Rends of men! as they
would have realized for them in the West Indies, had
the vessels reached those islands (which was physically
possible) with every individual slave on board. The
breath sit faith in the due observance of the Slave
Abolition Treaties (as they are called) by Erotic',
Spain, and Purtugil, as well as the abuses so tarty
introduced, and so fatally generated in the Courts of
the hlised Commission, at S;crra Leone, were fully
exposed by the dispatches of the former most excellent
Commander on the African Coast (Sir George Ralph Col-
lier, Bart. K.C.B ), laid before Parliament in the last Session,
and which excited the most lively and philanthropic feeling
among all ranks of the Legislature, and produced the memo-
rable decision and Address to the King of the 28th of June
last, whirls speaks so clearly rind manfully, and so firmly,
the wishes and expectations of the country upon the slave
cause."

A messenger (we believe ROSEN BERG) was sent
off on Saturday night with dispatclwv fur the KING
at Edinburgh.
It is now said that the Congress of Allied Sove-
reigns will conunruce at Vienna, be continued at
Verona, and doled at Milai, hut no anti:factory
reason is given fur this change of scree,

It is affirmed that the Dukr of ‘VELLINGTON
is to meet the Emperor of ItusstA at Vienna on the
15th of September, and that Mr. I'Lawr• accom-
panies his Grace, as Secretary to the mbsion,—
(t renbig Paper.)

MIMI

IL :pa „.. let titio,e.z.
14.,
i -,, _ •-•
t____
~•........,..
__,
%_,... ,-- ~,,,,,..::.--..g., )------ 'Nei
VF c: .r•-::•..t4; 40,;
