'etched to It He should however delay, until the final close of the
p. 11, the exposition of some of the particulars, which he and his
friend" were aware or with respect to that document—as well as of '1
acme rteeurrooa,cta relating to those who signed it voluntarily, for
„ma bad solicited it. and also to those whose names were attached
to K without their knowledge. (A pelson in the crowd called nut—
' Pie all nonsense:l Hi. friend *hire calkd out that this was non-
'sense. bit he should perceive, before many days were over, whether it
was noneerte m not. He would prove it an awkward ease for those
who made it to get over. (Cheers.)- In the incan time it was enough
to way that there never was a gropaee delusion than to believe that
Nose who signed that parer against him did so on recount of the
Catholic Question for they voted against the Blues, If at all, upon
557 groan rather than upon that of Catholic Emancipation. This.
,0111,111tf. he would explain more fatly to-morrow, merely 'lbsen-
' .ag ol.eo. that many of those whose names were to that paper had
vo"ni toe him: (lame howther—i, Only two or three"( and some
bad roc voted lit all. Ile should give them some anecdotes that
would throw l great light upon the measures which had been re.
'toned to in' etch, to obtain vote', and the practices used towarilkl
,!b• areeholdra and their fanlike* as connected with the history of
_'that„ No Pryer)" de•laration. Ile hoped lie should have the
olcasure .of meeting them there the nest day, when, if the poll
. ..I.wed. he shoUld make a few more remarks 'n them respecting the
No Popery" paper; hut if not, he should merely make some re-
unit kti introductory to that declaration. (Chem)
I:Mitten:les-are widely afloat in.consequence of this thr_at, and
gtellt atatiety is manifested for the close of the will to.morrow. At
the close of die poll this day, and after the Candidates had done
speaking, a misundentanding took piles betweec the Blues and
rllows. I 'could not observe what pasted at fait, but soon saw
'the Blues flying. They, however, moon returned to the combat,
armed with tremendous bludgeon., which bed been almost in.
stantancourly brought from the house in which the Blue Committee
oasenible.. I toot' ss I was missed at this. It la, however, only
jusbee to add, that several Gentlemen of the Blue Committee,
amongst whom was Mr. Nicholson, of London, who is highly re-
spected by the people generally in this county, exert. d themselves
to the 'image, in conjunction with some of the Yellow Committee
also, to cheek the evident disposition to a riot.
in the Kendal booth, it is said, that a Clergyman appeared to
vote for the Yellows, and in reply to a question front Mr. Pearson,
one of Mr. Brougham's agents, admitted that he hail preached a
sermon front the text, " Blush ye, ye Blues, who have broke my
windows." .
I have just beard that the chairs for chairing the successful
Candidates arc ordered to be in readiness by eleven o'clock to-
morrow. The election, as you will tee, by Mr. Brougham's speech,
is virtually at an end.
Souse Lughtable jokes have been played ofT here, one of the best
ut which is that which has been played on Captain Barton, who is
•4 sttenonus attoporter of the Yellows. The walls of his house were
painted with the watchword of the Blues, " Again and again,"
and on getting up in the morning, he found his street door, very
much to his annoyance, painted blur. The words, " Again and
Again," are painted in every conspicitoua part of the town.
This is servitude,
To serve the unwise,
Yellows, who're by Lowther led,
Yellows, who're by contract fed,
Welcome ev'ry loggerhead,
To your stall and straw.
Now's the time when you may pour
Ale and brandy eery 'tour.
Down your throats and safely scour.
The streets, sad break the law.
Who, when ale is foaming high,
:corns to drink to slavery,
11'ho cares ought for liberty,
Let him vote for Brougham.
By the grog with which we're filled,
Ity the grog we've daily sward,
Honest greycoats must be milled,
Or we go thankless home.
If we gets broken head,
Lowther ppid and Lowther fed,
We'll mind it not—we've friends in red.
At Temple Soivetby.
_ . . . .

To the Poll booths then let's gq,
Bludgeon' lay on bleb and low,
Blues will fall in ey'ry blow,
Yellows oo with me!

NORTHUMBERLAND ELECTION.
Nix rrt DAY, THURSDAY...7I:XE 29,

At the close of the poll this day the numbers were, for
:Ur. Liddell, 1333 31r. Beaumont - 1:12
.11r. Bell. 12771 Lord Howick 921
31r. LIDDELL then observed that he thought Lord Ifowick
'Eight have spared him the pain of hearing certain things relative to
his father, which had occurred many years back. His father was
not there to defend himself. It wss true the expression had been
orought about by a comparison between the political principles of
.31r. Beaumont an 1 himself; but these were not more opposite than
the political opinions of the Noble Lord and Mr. Bell. He (Mr.
L.; might have expressed abhorrence of the conduct of mi‘chievous
agitators, who took advantage of a period of distress to inflame the
public mind: but himself, as well as his father, had contributed
their assistance to mitigate their distress. But if he entertained re-
roneuun impresv.ms in those days. timing the seven years he had
since resided in the neighbourhood alluded to he had never experi-
enced any thing but kindness WA affection.
Mr:l3xf.t. expressed his confidence that there was still a suffi-
cient number of voters to place him at the head of the poll.
Mr. Br.au scorer made a long speech against what he termed the
insolent and domineering aristocracy, and declared that it should
be the business of his life to unveil their hypocrisy. He was de-
termined to keep the poll open tat 'Mors:lay next, at three o'clock,
unless Mr. Bell retired before that time.

Lord fin* le. replied to Mr. Liddell and Mr. Beaumont. and
stated that his only reason for remaining on the hustings was, that
Ice had given a pledge that he would give freeholder on oppor-
t Jolty of redeenr.no his promise to him, and that as rosin as he had
lied his last man he would retire from so unavailing a contest.
iris reason was to redeem his word, and remove the base doubts
which had bean circulated of his sincerity and earnestness. After
some further remarks, which time will not allow of giving, his
Lordship expressad a hope that the bickerings would cease between
toe parties.
The Sherifrhaving dissolved the meeting, Mr. John Brandling
addressed the raseinbly at some length.

SUSSEX ELECTION.

TERMINATION OF THE CONTEST.
CHICISZST ER, SATURDAY.

GLOSS OV TUE POLL.—The contest for the County closed this
a.temoon, by the election of the two late Representatives, the final
bombers being_

W . Burrell, Esq.
L. J. Curteip, Esq.

- 2,1151 Sir Godfrey Webster - 1,187
2,049

Though Sir Godfrey has not obtained a seat for the county, he
has done .wonders—he has polled, without being at a farthing ex-
pense, nearly twelve hundred, in which number were about one
thwuvand plumpers. A tansiderable sum of money was offered to
WIN at Hastings, to be at hiv service, provided ha would pledge
himself to stand for the county at the next election. which we
bear the worthy Baronet declined, declaring it to be his intention
nut to relinquish bin friends at Chichester. We understand that
Oa, Chicheste► Committee in the interest of SIT Godfrey have a plan
oodar consideration, whereby to enable an Independent man, at a
lutere vacancy, to rescue the county from the thraldom in which
tare aristocracy has lately shown an inclination to keep it.
