,~

_

FROM SATURDAY !MIMS GAZETTE.

•
At the Conrt ■t the Queen.* Pallier, the 6th of
Devenqxer, 1809.
PRESENT,*
Ilse NINC'el Must Excellent Maj:sty in Council ;
Hid Majesty hIOVIIIg Letoplea:•edappoint
thr most Noble lintherd I.srqtati We leAley, K. P.
to he one of Fie Nbije.ty'4 pnueipal Sgseretatries of
State, he wss this (Inv, by Fits Majesty's command,
•worn nne of Ili,. Mojesl).* principal Seeretaries of
State aceonlingly.

noroniq-street; 1 ler. it, 1,409.
A dispatch, of a hich the tollowilig is a copy. was
this morning reeeked at Lord Liverinsire office;
luldresobell to Lord Viscount CaAlereagh, by Lieu-
tenant-General Sir Jahn Stuart, K. B. dated Mew
sane, intli Oct. last.
My dispatch. which I had the honour
to address to your Lordship on the etiih ult. ap-
prised yon of the representations that had been
to•tle to Vice-Ailiiiiral Lout Collingswood, and to
mcself, of the solicitude of the itthebiyands of Zmite,
Ceplialo.ha, and other he..eisalericics of the [omen
?eistcrititsent, to receive the as istence of a Uritish
force, to liberate them from French oppression.
• The consequent equipment of au Expedition. un-
der Brigadier-Oeneral Oswald. to actin-operatively
with a sqtrailmis tinder. Captain Sprenger, of Ilia
hlaje.ty's ship %Vierrior. was at the same time de-
buted '0 your Lordship. and stated to have sailed•
is the puisectiction of this objeo, ihe 43d of last
month, fro.n Messina.
The reporfo, with which •-.O.wa'id„ of the
35th regiment, yesterday arrived, from Z.,nte, and
which I hey.- now the satisfaction of trrissmitting to
your Lordship, will mark the able manner in which
finis Service has been carried into effect. by the offi-
cers Ii whoa it was conducted ; rod I hope His
Majesty will
,gr aciously deign to approve the adop-
tion of a project. the success of which opens such
weans of"oppe„.tog future ottstecles to the prohahle
views of the enemy, as well as disappointing them
in the hoped utility of their present usurpation in
that rptarter. I hive the honour to be, &c.
J. &maim. Count of Maids, Lieut.-Gen.
Bay of Zama, Oct. 3. 1509.
Sir.—ln consequence of your Excellency's coin-
muracattuit to Herr-Adaniral Sir Alexander 111:1,
it Malts, we wire fortunate euough to find the
Spartan frigate q i the islands, having on hoard Mr.
Foresti, His Majesty's Minister to the Septiosular
Republic. Considerations arising front the ad-
vance in the tetasme, end the likcerions state of the
weather, itaduce.l Captain Sprenger to point out
Zatite as the primary object of attack.
Haring from Mr. roman obtained the most am-
pie mind information respecting that Weed.
tile espeditum sand in and caine to au anchor in its.
roadsted, towards the close of the day on the tat of
'October. Cant. Soranger end myself were equally
desirous to avoid involving the inhabitants in
the misfortunes which a direct attack upon the
town must have occasioned.
It was therefore determined, that early on the
day following the troops should lie landed at a
convenient bar, three, mites distant, protected by
the frigates and gun-boots. The first division of
the triinpa (as per margins). under the immediate
orders of Lieutenant-Colonel Lowe, effected a most
regular debarkation at the point proposed, and in
two columns proceeded immediately toward. !na-
tation turning the (lettuce of the town, and cutting
off its communication with di castle.
Lieutenant-Colonel Lowe It'd his column to the
left. clearicg sn eminence upon which the eueiny
win said to Ire posted. anal by this movement a de.
tachrel la:inery was turned, some prisoners made;
and a more direct intercourse with the shippittx
eisteblisheil. The corps which accotnpained
marched by a valley till it ascended the height coa-
ti:omits to the castle, which the light troops pushed
forwar.l to invest.
Upon our approach the entim- had qtritteil the
town, retreating %you the naturally strong, ban most
unaccountably neglected fortress. entlcavouring to
carry with bun two six-inch howitzers, which the
rated advance of our !tankers forced him to abandon.
Tor accompanying, terms it were then proffered ;
WA. atter some hesitation on the part of the French
Coinsnatidmit, by him agreed to that evening.
They will, I trust. meet with your Lecelleticy's
apornisitmu, and I beg leave farther to offer my
conoratoletions upon the enrols, being exwelled
from this bestutifni and fettite Island, with which,
fora twig iserowl, there emitted the most beneficial
commerniel relations, and whose inhabitants so
otismosly desired tine advantages ariasug Prow 11:1-
tiso coutreicion and protection.
1 have the honour to be, Ste.

J. oowaLO, Gin*
Commanding troops is the luaise Ides.
Tu Lis Eicelleary Lieut.-Gee. 6s: J. Stant, K. D. Ike. ate:
Cephalonia, Oct. 5, to -9.
Sts—Tn my letter to your Esc'elkiicy of the
instant, I had the honour to report. that the exile.
di.ion was inquiring immediately to prisceed for
Ct libelant*, arid I have now the pleasure to ac-
qu.iiut you with the Island's being actually in our
possession.
The disposition made by Captain Sprarivr, of
the formidable force under his onlero, rendered'
vomit time feeble ?traria of the enemy to opimo-e m ur
entrance into its capaciour amid secure harbour. Be.
fore the ships came to an anchor, a flAc •nasuinced
the ttib:nioNiun of the town of Ariroot,•l3, and the re-
tr-st of the garrison to the retie of St. George,
about six miles di.itant from thermer.
A division of troops, under Lieutenant-Colons!
Lowe/ laitdrd to preserve tranquillity, and an officer
proceeded to suromoa the Castle. which capitulated
upon the arxoropaoyiag tents. P
I Irre, as well as at Zautr, the inhabitants univer-
sally hailed the British as their welcome deli
from that cruel yoke which French oppression every
here imposes.
llatil yonr Excellency's !Jewett-re is made known,
I have nominated Lientensmit-Colonel Lowe to the

important duty of eninmswiint• tI !Aland ; certain
thnt so th.licate u trust could hut be reposed in
tti,tre able handl..
As soon as the neeensary arrankrosetits ere corn-
:o Royal tit** 'prowler% mosnlider ram
1.1(14' I Aunty. 33111 Resintest. • •
cmai.murs R.,Rt &winces Resigere (Gressaiers) sad
V 0...w0n. • JAI* Region•Nst
441 h Reg, %mouton,* te Sow nen.
t *f Were priniellied in The Unsetteurforedity Lg.

P,C•

•
•
ptotod. avd the snlimision of the.depehdelit island
of Ithaca received, Captain Spranger and • wystlf
I intend proceeding to superintend the (per:mons,
•earrying on agoiwpt Cerigo, a station fr whence,
of late, the enemy's privateers have caused eon-
silleritble injury to our corrimeree. I have the ho-
nour to be, Le. J. OSWALD. Brig.-Gen.
Connuandingtroops in the touisu Isles.
_

To* FactaJlenry Lieu'.4iesirsilitirJ: &Garth
3,, Hit Lc. lie.
His Majesty's ship Warrior, Corks*is,
Ottotor is, loos
. .
Rte--T hued the honour to transmit to your
Excellency the accimipanying report upon tne
capture of the Likud of Mum
The euterprize wns entrusted to Captain ('raw-
ley. of 'His llsiest)'s ship Philueuel. and to Cap-
tain Church. with detachinents from the 35th *oil
Ito al Corsican Itoegers, Tire manner in which
it has been effected. will. I have no appear
to your Excellency creditable to those Officers, and
to the forces under that. orders. I have the honour
to be. &c. (Signed) J. 0.0 tt.n.
Commanding Troops LID the Nihau isles.
To Licari:Naas-CI neir.l air Juba &w in,

K.ll. 4e. &e.
VaWI, Capital of the island of Ithaca,
October 8, 180.0.

Sin—l have the honour to infoini yeti- that the
Maud of Ithaca was this day stircendersd to the
sletachnieirt of British troops under my emensan:l,
iu concert.with Ilia Majesty's ship Philotnel.
Findiug the d neiny.s batteries commanded the
harbour in such a manner us to resider ineffectual
the five from the ships, I immediately landed the
troops and marines, accompanied by a division of
seamen, under the directimi of Capt. Crawley. I
marched, without loss of time, to the enemy's
principal fort, 'situated on an eminence, with the
determination to take it' by assault: our intention
was, however, frustrated, by the micooditioual snr-
resider of the French Commandant and his I,pirrison.
• During our march, the enemy was held ut them k
by the firs of a gun-boat detached by Capt. Craw.
ley for that purpoee.
The garrison, consisting of near eighty men, have
been made prisoners of war, with the exception of
a few Albanians, who escaped to the nwuntaius,
but who must inevitably fall into our hands.
It is imposaible that I can express the obligations
I am under to Capt. Crawley, for the very baud.
Come manner in which be gave every assistance in
his power to insure the success of. [he enterprise.—
To Mr. Foresti, Ilia Majesty's Minister to the Si,
Vrll Isles, I beg also to offer my sincere acknow-
ledgments fir the great service lie rendered to me
on this occasion ; and I feel it my duty to report
the uniform good conduct of the Officers and men
of the 25th Regiment, Royal Corsican Rangers,
and Royal Marines, composing the detachineut I
bad the humour to command.

I have only to odd the extreme joy of the inha-
bitants in boos( messed (root the slavery under
which they had hitherto groaned.
„ ' hove the honour Ao he, &e.
(Sigoed) R., I/ at ti, Captain,
• :
Assistant Sioartes7Master-General.
To BAittlier-treaeral O :OJ, &c.
Os Ward ills Majesty's Ship Warriur,
Zastc Bay, Oct. sag.
.

PlR—The Spartan frigate. hairiug on board
d►tachment of Royal Artillery, with light guns,
and two compiniies of the 35th Itegitneut. ouder
the orders of 3iliijor Clarke. of that corps, sided
Runs Cephalonia on the trith instant, instructed to
proceed off Cerigor block op its pert, and, if eir-
cumstauces %ram:need. to' make an immediate at-
tack upon the Island. It• was Captain Spranger's
intention mud my own to hive followed with conaii-
deralifi' reinforeements; but a coutinuance of ad-
verse gales preveuted our getting further than this
Bay, where a tender from Calitein Breutoo has just
reached us. conveying of which the
accompanying are cApies, announcing the surren-
der of Cerigo to the preriowily-letached force.—
Major Clarke goes fully into the details of the mi-
litary operation*. They characteiile an at .lent
spirit of enterprise ; and he seems to hare been per-
seconded by the I ificers and men her his
'orders. surmounting difficulties greats,' than I ap-
prehend he had the means of overeo:ning.
The enterprise which your Excellency confided
to me, being thus happily accoinplished. it only
remains for sue to tesuly my fullest approbation of
the conduct or the tronim A discipline has been
maintained that did honour to the sottlier, and
reflected the utmost credit upon the commanding
and subordinate officers.

am limier the greatest obligations to the
ufbc.•rs of the staff of my command ; they have
been most lifiAidllGUS in the discharge of their
re‘ nee: duties.
I mu■t recur, in the warmest terms of arknow-
ledgio-iir, to the never-eese.ing awl rec.ivrol trout
Captain tiiironger : it *la my good fortone to net
with an Warr oho, while our views and objects
...err the 'lair, cordially united in the meatus of
et•aintner them. A similar harmony ntol good
cortespriedeneo has reigned through every branch
of the two service'.

Our ai,c, es was accelerated. and onr snbsequen'
polities! varattgrmetits facilitated, by the iwirmunal
eilettiOnfl and Judicious cosi re els or Mr. Fortisti. His
Msjesty's Minister to the Seutinsular Republic,
me) we greatly profited in bong uccompinted by
• flei.:leinan an loved and esteeined by the inha-
bitants of them. I.les. Mr. Foresti's distinguished
merit. IMP feePlVeli the commendations of the most
illustrious Al our countrymen ; to out my humble
tribute winsid be prr+umptuonii, were it not called
for by feelings of gratitude and respect towards so
worthy • servant of our Sovereign.
I will one, proceed to place the Wends in a pos-
ture of defence, sufficient to attord probable secu-
rity ; and 1 nm led to believe it may be uticom-
pli.heil withnot causing any expetoie to flis Ma-
jesty's Coveritusent.-1 ttave the iiiniour to lie, &C.
(Signed , .1. Os w• en,
cosnironotilie 'Croups n, the tauten tales.
114 Excellency 'lir Stuut,
K B. ke. Sc. ex.

Admirafty-Wire, i 9. WWI. •
Campbell. Comma ider-insChief
in the Downs, hns trmismitted to John ►Nilson
Croker, Es. a It tier he bud received from Captain
Anderson, of Ilia hisirsty's alostip.the Itinaleln,
an account of Ids hiving, on the 7th instant,
Yalhniett,.between I)ongeue4e and the Sonih Fore-
nench inivateer,called the Marsudeur,hsr-
. tug fouiticu guys uu board, Bud sixty-sib tutu, that
