DARING lIIGHIVAY ROBBERY.

Raton's, evening, about half-past eleven o'clock, as Mr.
♦agg, jou. of Norlosdown, near Chilcurnploa, Sonsemet-
shire, and Mr. Marcken', of Shoseombe, were returning
front oar market, they were attacked, between Burnthouse
turnpike-gale am) She top of Hunkerton-hill, by four foot-
pads armed with bludgeons; two of whom seized Mr.
Mattis hinge, 'and the others Mr. Mitcham's. Mr. Vagg
after receiving several severe blows escaped, owiag to the
restiveness of his horse. His companion, Mr. blarcbant,
alighted cud endeavoured to run away, but unfortunately
Glints, he wa overtakeu Isy the 'Ohms', who after beating
him most burls. ly, rubbed him of about Mk. and a few
trilling articles, and then left blob welleritig in his blood.
He however recovereasolficiesilly to mak. bin way to Eturist-
kuuse-gate, %store he was met by Mr. Vagg and a party,
whose +sai•taace liad been procured from the Red Lion,
Odd-down, to whirl, place the sufferer WWI conveyed. Sur•
glad attendance was promptly vsl from Dath, and Mr.
DS. we are happy to add,-is in a fair way of recovery. Hue
cowardly assailants we re divappuisited of their booty lay
Mr. M.'s presence of mind ; after receiviuc many severe blow•,
he threw his pocket-book, containing 28t., saver the hedge
into a field, where it wes found the• stem morniog, and• re-
stored to it% owner.—(Ball herald.;

iiimr 41.

DESPERATE POACHERS.

About ono •'clock on Friday morning John
Cooper, gamekeer to Col. Adeline. of Babraham,
Cambndgeshire, accompanied by H. Stubbisis, W.
Wisby, end L. Bunting, went round the plar.tations
for the purpose of detecting poachers. About three
o'clock they beard the teport of ■ gun, %iron
which they separated into two parties, each lak-
iug a separate direction towards the place from
whence the sound proceeded. Wisby and Stub-
bins aeon perceived two desperate poachers, mimed
William Domicil, of Staplefoid, and John Pratt,
and immediately called out to them to stop, but
they ran off. Wisl►y sad his companion soon
overtook them, wheat ■ desperate scuffle ensued.
The gantekoeperr was now fest approaching, mild
within a few yards of them, when Bonnet levelling
his gnat at Wtshy, shot him in the light side ; when
he fell, and almost immediately expired. Cooper
rushed open the murderer. succeeded in overpower.
hag him, and bound his hands; but in the confu-
sion the prisoners affected their e►espe. and have
not since been heard of. The deceased bias left a
widow and three children.

ST. DUNI N GO.

[EXTRACTS FROM PRITATR [METERS.]

K Cape Henry, October 12, 1140.
" You will be much astonished 111 learn that the
kingdom of Hayti 14 about to become a Republican
Government, and to be conducted as in the time of
Touts.aint Louverture. This revolution lies been
meditated for some time, *lid appears to hive been
well planned, and has succeeded without bloodshed.
The King, some time ago. hail sit man k of apoplexy
and had not recovered from its effects when the CM.
motions took place. The leaders took this advan-
tage. as they knew well he was a man, that, at the
head of 500 men, would defeat as matey thousands,
His body guards, to the amount of shoot 2,009
min, sou, k by him for a few days ; but he could
not get them to march upon the Cape. although lie
yonnisel them the pillage of it ; and, finding him-
self deserted, lie shot himself through the heart.
It is computed that there are from forty to fifty
millions of dollars in the citadel. The soldiers are
till to have double pay ;.atici there is a large sum to
be put in ttttt mediate circulation. The new Coosti-
tuition is not yet framed ; but it is the general opi-
nion that it will make this place much inure impor-
tant, and we onri.elves are of the same way of
thinking. The President is to be General KOMMilte,
a very worthy man, and very popular; bnt there
are likely, tit the settling of a new Government, to
be squabbles.

" OCTOILER I&.

" PS.—The ves.el this goes lay not having suited,
gives u! rn opportnitity of ssidsitg • rew more line•.
Every thing appears to he • going on urn ; nod we
consider °unwire!, seal the property wider our
charge, as perfectly secure."

Tie following particulars ere extracted from an-
other Ictier

" CAPE HENRY. OCTOBER 13, 1820.

•, Since soy last of the ,271 h September, a revolu-
tion has taken place here. It was formed two months
ago by seven of the Chiefs, hut in secret was tt kept,
that I do not believe a single person knew of it
until it broke out, which was on the night of the
6th inst. Ott that evening they ennobled all the
troops to the town, and marched them not to Haut
du Cap, distant from this about tire mile;, to 11410
for their litrerey, they having been sister the reign of
the Kino in a state to which no slavery could he
comport:id. Immediately on the King's hearing it,
which was by an expres., lie nut from Sins Sotto,
(where he lay very rick) to-give certain orders to
the Governor, which express was sent back to ac-
quaint the King that they no longer acknowledged
loin as their ruler. He sent for los hevourite Chief,
with orders to collect ;lathe force possible, and to
march ligation the rebels, and on their arrival here
to murder every mulatto and white wit hunt excep-
tion ; but previous to their leaving Sans Souci he
ordered them into his presence, end flattered theta
very much, gave them lour dollars each, awl pro-
raised them. if they succeeded in the expedition,
that they might pillage the Cape, and Lust their
situations should be snide as comfortable as they
could wish. to the mean time, the Independents pre-
paring themselves fur action, and well knowing their
cause was good. Battered themselves that their fel-
low country tune never could light against them,
being equally interested nt regaining their libeity,
having sulierrucl alike under the yoke of that 13 raot,
whose equal to atrocity was never known, ond who
thonght leo inure of murdering penple in cold blood
than he (lid of eating his Irreaklast. Oil the arrival
of the King's troops at Haut du Cop un the tith,
where the ludi prurient army was :indiums!, nveial
skirmishes took place, but the Isidepentlenta nut
wishing that any blood should be t•ini,, hoisted the
while ffsg, and immediately the Kong's troops saw
that, they laid down their arms, and came over. Their
Chief (DukeVort Royal) seeing the troops abandon
him, fled. but has since been taken prisoner. The
King finding dile troops under the command of the
Doke Fort Royal, which consorted of .111 the fierce he
had at Sono Sossi, receptive his body guard, hail
gone oireetothe latlepesideuts, and !wrong there ass
110 dunce of escaping, as it would have taken con-
rorlerable time to ban collected orioitier force, shot
himself through the heart about eleven o'clock at
night. Thus coded the life of a rnrn wan tie bloody
deeds never have been aurpested by mey tyrant that
ever existed. Since his death the dilicreot armies
have joined the cause without a shot. The
troupe stationed on the frontiers (St. Marc's) have
of hue been much di-allected oil accomir of his
degrading a Colonel. and punishing hien very
severely, who was much liked by the soldiers; also
ou account of the shameful way in which they were
treated, hoeing nothing to live upon but caertla and
water,. isied the utmost payment they received was
one esealin per week."

PRICE Of IRISH. STOCKS, DlNflinill 13.
Government Macke 3i per Coot 75
Government Debentures, 5 per Cent lO3llll
Government !Mode, 5 per Cent..
Grand Canal Lem, 4 per Celli. 361
Grand Canal US., 6 per Cent. . . 57,;

11111• HAM PIGRON CLUB AGAINST ALL
ENGLAND. .

A spurting match tout place ma alwawlity between Mower
Jefferies, Cunningham', and Reeves, members of Ow Whin
club, and Mews Twiner, Bil'intese", nod Kluwer, wbs
the mow he.d of pine in a day's play, fur our ha odlyel nod
afty piens', by a ambseripliun of fifty games, each. The
following is the remelt :--
Pheasaifs. Hares.

Jefferirs bagged . .

Cow them-olittu ...... I? ....y... 4 •• ..
Items thlso ...... •••.f -
hittlity-three heed of game was killed over the minion of
Kovelon end Fineldry. Hama; eed Wined shot over the
oew euclusures to the Yale of Berkshire, sod killed ss fol-
lows

Partridges. "meanie. Barer.
Tann/ r I.,igged
Billitidoititt ditto
'intuit Auto
.1
YIaI~En(Ia Ad
Alidgbaui Club 43

29

England had thirty shots more Shari the Chsb, hat they
missed nine tardy, and the Club six. It Was sine of the
greatest Jay's play in the annals of sporting, when the srasua
of the year is cirasolsreit.
