Per Gal.
Old Brandy (proof) -29 s t I
Champagne ditto - 311 6d

Fine Cognac 20s lid
Finest ditto (Hennesy,
&C.) -28 s Od
BRITISH AND et
By the Imperial (
Per Gal. Per Gal.
English Gin Gs 8d &8s thl Old Jamaica Rum -12 s (Id
Do. for mixing 9s 4d & 10s Rd Ditto IVerlderburn, &c. 13s 4d
Do. very strong 101 8d & 12s Oil Finest Rum Shrub -13 s 4d
Whisky (Scotch and Irish) freers 12s. upwards per Gallon.
It is necessary to state that the Gallon now in use contains one-
fifth addition to the old Gallon.
No Credit.
Country Orders must contain Remittances for Goods and Packages.
W. STEVENS, Wine and Spirit Merchant,
78, Bishopagate Within.

IAYSI AI. SPIRITS,
dlon, duty reduced.

SMETHURST, at the OLI) ESTABLISHE I)
it, • CHEAP 011, and PATENT LAMP WAREHOUSE,
CAUTIONS the PUBLIC against DECEPTION.—A Person
in New Bond-street has placed the name, Mr. Smethurst, in front of
his shop, which may mislead the Friends and Customers of J. S.
J. Smethurst has no connexion with any other shop but No. 138,
the Ninth House from Grosvenor-street, in New Bond-street.
The only retail shop in London that manufacture their own Patent
Lamps for every purpose where light is required.
J. S. solicits the Public to view his Show Rooms, where a great
variety of new-improved Shadowless Lamps ter libraries, drawing
and dining room tables, on a superior priticiple, which has not
been equalled by any. other person in London. This Lamp is
admired for its simplicity, brilliancy of light, and without shade,
which gives light equal to six candles, at the expense of Iti. per
hour, with genuine Spermaceti Oil. The Advertiser being an int.
porter, sells at 10 per cent. Ueda the usual charge, for ready
money. Also his muchlidmired Hydrostatic Moon Lamps.
simplified in trimming, which has given so much satisfaction,
Sinurnbra, French, English. and eget), description of Lamps may
be purchased. Compare and judge for yourselves. The principle
of his improved Lamp, to be purchased only se above, for which
he has obtained five separate poets from his Majesty, and begs
most respectfully to request the Nobility and Gentry that may have
occasion to purchase Grecian, awn or Chandelier lamps, &c.
to view the largest Collection 1% London of the most elegant
patterns; be being determined that no person shall undersell
it the articles are of equal quality. Those persons who honour
him with their orders way test assured of receiving general satis-
faction.
Lamps let out on hire for balls, route, &e.
Observe, Smethurst deals In no other article but what appertains
to Limps and Oil.
Cotton and Glasses of every deseripOon. Lamps repaired.
No. 138, New Bond-street, Ninth House from Grosvenor-street.

SUPERIOR SEIDLITZ POWDERS.
PVIIESE Powders produce,, when used as directed,
Water, exactly of the same quality as that found at the
celebrated Seidlitz Spring. The Water impregnated with them
becomes, in an instant, sparkling and effervescent, and forms an
alterative Saline Aperient, as pleasant as Soda Water. They
remain unimpaired by time or climate.
Prepared and sold by the Proprietors, Messrs. G. MARSHALL
and Co. Chemists, Brewer-street, Colden-square, in Boxes, 4s. lid.
each, and in Mottles at 225. duty included.
N.B.—The Public are cautioned against imitations, and are re-
quested to observe the words, "Prepared by (I. Marshall and Co."
will be printed upon every label, with each box and bottle ; all
other Preparations. under the same name, advertised for making the
•
Seidlitz Water, are spurious.
To be had as above:—
The Oxygenated Soda Powders Lavender Water
Cheltenham Salts in crystals Ditto, Perfumed
Ditto ditto, in effiuramence Ditto, Mille Fleur
Finest Calcined Alagneeis Vegetable Extract
Pectoral Cough Drops Espritr—various
Aromatic Vinegar Eau de Cologne
Lavender Vinegar Arquebusalle Writer
Cerophor Tooth Powder Vegetable Tooth Powder, &a.
And every genuine Drug and Medicine, of the finest quality, for
home and for exportation.
Medicine Chests, of all prices, completely fitted for every Climate,
N.B. All other advertistsl Preparations for making the `Soda and
&Wits Waters. under the above names, arc spurious.
*l,ll MorchunisAse. supplied on Mewl terms.

'RI CLARK'S GENERAL OUTFITTING WARE-
1 HOUSE, for the EAST and WEST INDIES and
311UTII AM ERICA, EXETER CHANGE, STRAND.
Officers, Cadets, and Writers going to India, and Gentlemen
~roceeding to South America, or any other part of the Globe, will
ind in this Establishment the whole of their Appointntenta,
Swords, Caps, Sashes, Belts, and Pistols, &c. together with a
'urge and well-manufactured stock of Sea Cots. Couches, and Bed.
ling; Cabin WashAind Tables: Chairs, and Lamps ; Sea Chests,
.Hule and Bullock Trunks, and every other description of Travel-
ling Equipage.
An assortment of Canteens, ready fitted with the necessary re..
Wakes for India, and other tropical climates: likewise a great
Jariety of Silver and Plated Articles, Knives and Eorks. suitable
for families going abroad, Military and flindostanee Books
Maps, &c.
A fashionable Stock of Carriage, Curricle, Tandem. Phaeton,
:Stanhope, and Chaise Harness. with every description of Saddlery,
.Ite. &c. for home use, East' and West Indies, and South America,
which merit inspection from their quality, first stile of workman.
ship, and moderate prices.
MI the Articles in this Establishment are warranted, and of
excellent plan of fifty years standing is strictly attended to the
resting but one Ready Money Price, from which no abatement will
be made.

ENUINE SYRUP OF l)E VELNOS.—The fol-
lowing Letter is an additional and recent Testimony in
proof cf the peculiar benefit attendant on the use of the Syrup:—
" Half-Acre, Brentford, Jan. 19, 11126.
"Madam,—Fully convinced of the efficacy of your invaluable
medicine, I em induced to make the following case known, for the
benefit of those who may be suffering under similar affliction. My
daughter hod a severe attack of. Typhus Feler in the autumn of
1814 ; her head was shaved, and immediately after it broke mit,
and formed an entire scab (so that her ears were scarcely visible),
at the same time discharging a watery humour all over the head,
with a thick matter cut of the hole of each ear. After taking a few
bottles of the Syrup she was restored to perfect health, in which she
Still remains; another autumn hating passed vii:lsmit the least
symutnm of a relapse. In addition to the foregoing, I cannot but
acknowledge that, on several occasions, I have received the greatest
benefit from taking the Syrup, hot particularly in the case of an
ulcerated leg, occasioned by a severe blow. I beg to add. if I can
in any way be serviceable, as a reference, in recommending the
Syrup, I shall feel it a duty I owe, knowing the efficacy of it in
Many instances. I am, Madam, your'sW. F respect Rf
ANKLINuIIy.
" .
" To Mrs. Canham, 52, Berners-street."

The great success of this Medicine in Scorbutic, Scrophulous,
and Syphilitic Complaints, Pains and Swellings of the Liver, dis-
eased Skin and Glands, and , 311 disorders arising from impure
blood, is now too well known to require a detailed enumeration.
As. however, imposture, like envy, too closely follows the heels of
merit, and pretensions to imitate the Syrup, to improve it, or to
have discovered something of similar efficacy, may surprise the un-
wary, and fatally mislead the ignorant, Mrs. Canham, owes it in
grotitude to the public, to give wanting of these dangers, and to
refer to those proofs of the virtues and efficacy of het Medicine, to
he found in her publications, which surpass, in number, respecta-
bility, and authenticity, any testimonies of a similar kind that have
been ever produced.
The effects cf the Genuine Vegetable Sytup are such as not to
Interrupt either business or pleasure; it operates on the animal
juices, and simply requires the common restrair,t of moderation in
diot. It is a safe but povittful subsume for 51efeury, and removes
all those dioceses which an 'unsuccesottil use of that mineral °eta-
sions. ..
I The genuine Aledicine hat a label stilled to each bottle, with the
1 signature "M. Canhant.,":ln the hand-writing Of the Proprietor,
! by whom it is sold, as it was by leer Uncle ana'herilusband, lit
51, Berners.strect, at 13W; a bottle; and, by her appointment. iv
Mr. Benito's, 1141, Bialtopagate-otreet-Witheut ; also by Mr.."
Cnnham's Agents in every considerable town in the United King.;
dom. The Concontoded, for warm Climates, may bo procured of,
1 th
ace deputed Agents in e East Indies, Messrs. kackimmum mmt,
Co. Calcutta; and Moors. Forbes sod Co. Bombay. I

•
This day. Bvo. IN.
FREE TRAInt ; or an Inquiry into the Eipeffieney
of the pre.ent.Corn Laws, the Relations of our Foreign and
Colonial Tride, the Advantages of our Navigation System. die
Proffriety of preventing Combinations among Workmen. and the
Circumstances which occasion a derangement of the Cufrency.
Comprising a general Insestigation of the alterations lately
adopted and still further meslitateo in the Commercial Polity of
the Country.: •
By ALF.X. III'iVisINELL, Esq.
Printed for John blurry, Albemarle-titre/1.

OtrWaturday the 23th of March. will be published. be authority of
.the Right Honourable Earl Bathurat, one of his Afajeaty'a Prin-
cipal Secretaries of State. and Dedicated, by permission, to his
Lordship ; one vol. 4t0., illustrated by Mapa and numerous Ea-
graving* of peculiar novelty and Interest,
RECENT DISCOVERIES in AFRICA, made in
the Years 1823 and 182 d, by Major Denham. Captain Clap.
penon. R. N. and the late Doctor Oudney.
nd extending arrowarrow
Great Desert. to the Tenth Degree of Northern Latitude. a from
Kooks in Doreen, to Sorkatoo, theCapit of the Scudan Empire,
fly 31 AJOR DIXON DENHAM.
Of his Majesty's 17th Regt. of Pont ; end
CAPTAIN 11130/1 CLAPPERTON.
Of the Royal Nary. (the Surrivore of the Expedition).
Printed for John Murray, Albernarle.etreet.

Thie day la publlshed, to octavo, with Eight Plates and Peer
Maps, price lfis.
AmtssioN to the EAST ('()AST of SUMATRA
in 18?1, under the Direction of the Government of Priam of
Wales' Island ; including Historical and Descriptive Sketches of
the Conatry ; en Account of the Commerce, Pormistion, and the
Manners a.'d Cashion of the Inhabitants ; and a Visit to the Buis
Cat hlbal States in the Intehloy.
.? • By JOHN ANDERSON. Esq.
'OM; Rgettllho .the gavernmentsof Prime of Widen' Ivives4,, sad
Deputy Ricretory to the Government and Malay Translator.
Printed for Wra. Blackwood, Edinburgh r and T. Cadet!,
Stroll!, London.

This dor, in 2 vols. post octavo. price IL Is.
NARRATIVE. of a PEDESTRIAN JOURNEY
through RUSSIA and SIBERIAN TARTARY, hos thot
F-ontient of China to the Frozen Sea and Kanitehatka; peahens&
during the year! 1828. 1321. 1821. and 1828.
By Ctoptain JOHN DUNDAS COCHRANE. RN.
Fonrth tdition, 2 yoh. post Bro. with Charts and Plates and
Portraits; engraved by Meyer, after Miniatures by Harding,pf
the Author and of Mrs. Cochrane.
Printed for Charles Knight, Pall-mall East.

This (lay, in one vol. foolscap Ilvo. price 7s.
SSOME ACCOUNT of the LIFE of the late GIL.
BERT EARLE, Esq. Written by himself. Second Edition.
" If truth of feeling, and deep though simple pathos, united with
very elegant language and sweetness of observation, can render a
book popular, this volume will be so in a great degree."—Literary
Gazette.
" 'Tis a most melancholy tale. exhibiting great and original ta-
lent in ir.any of the deseripuons."— Black wood's Magazine.
Printed for Charles Knight, Pall-mall East.

On Saturday, the 26th .Ilarch, will be published, in two vols.'
foolscap (lye. price 14s.
111. T R. BLOIINT'S MSS. being Selections from dm
Papers of a Man of the World.
By the Author of "Gilbert Earle."
" I waive the quantum o' the sin,
The hazard of concealing;
But, och ! it hardens a' within,
An petrifies the feeling."—Bt:ttxs.
Printed for Charles Knight, Pall-mall Beat,

On Wednesday next, the 22d, will be published, in two 'Dimness
royal Limo. with the Arms of the Peers, a New Edition, tor.
rec. ea to the present time, of
I)EHRET"I"S PEERAGE of the UNITED KING-
-1)031 of GREAT BRITAIN and IRELAND.
London : Printed for Rivingtons, Egerton, Cuthell, Clarkes„
Longman anti Co., Cadet!, Richardson, Booth, Booker, Baldwin
and Co., Bagster, Hatcbard and Sem, Harding, Rodwell and Mar.
tin. Hamilton and Co., Kingsbury and Co., Whittaker, Lloyds,
and Saunders.
Of whom may be had, lately published,
DEBRETT'S BARONETAGE of ENGLAND. In two
volumes, royal 18mo., uniform with the Peerage, with the Arms
engraved, price 11. Bs. in boards. Also,
A SYNOPSIS of the PEERAGE of ENGLAND. Exhi.
biting. under alphabetical arrangement, the date of the creation,
descent, and present state of every tide of Peerage which has exist.
ed in Ibis country since the Conquest. By Nicholas Harris Nice.
las Esq., of the Inner Temple, Banister at Law, Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries. In two vols. royal 18mo. price 18e. boards.

PIIII.I4KEN24Ia LY7TLLIGENCI?.-
HOUSE OF LORDS, FRIDAY, MAUI' 17.

SLAVERY.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY presented a petition from the
congregation of Claremont Chapel, Pentbnellle., praying fix the
abolition of slavery.—Laid on the table.
CURRF:NCY OF SCOTLAND.
The Duke of MONTROSE presented a petition from the in.
habitants of Stirling
against any alteration in the present system
of banking in Scotland—Laid on the table.
The Duke of ATHOL presented a similar petition from dat
county of Perth. His Grace observed, that the intended meaMrt
was not approved of in Scotland. There were two pinta who de-
precated any interference on the part of Parliament 'SAM the bank.
erg system in Scotland. In the first place the bankers were op.
pn.ed to it, and there was also opposed to it a numerous body,
will thought the small notes of advantage to the commercial atsdl
other interests of the country. It would be advisable to take the
opinions of those who were most interested, and who had the beat
means of acquiring information upon the subject—Laid ora
the table.
flie Earl of HOPETOUN presented a petition f.om Lentsth
against any alteration in the banking system of Scotland.—Laitt
on the table.
Lord ;1 ELV I LLE presented a similar petition from the lnhe.
bitatits of the city of Edinburgh.—Laid on the table.

• CORN LAWS.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE presented a petition from the In-
habitants of Pollockshawa. in Renfrewshire, praying for an alters.
don in the Corn Laws.—laid on the table.
PHI VAT E BILLS,
Mr. Blackburn, and other Members of the llouseof Commons,
brought up several private Bills.
PAPER CURRENCY OF SCOTLAND AND IRELAND.
The Earl of Li VERP.OOL rose to move that a Committee Im
appointed to inquire into the state of the currency, and into the car.
cuistion of notes under the value of five pounds, in Scotland and
Ireland. His Lordship did not wish to make any obseriations,ae
the subject would he fully investigated by the Committee.—The
motion was agreed to. and the following Noblemen. with others
whose names we could not catch were nominated for the purpose
The Earl of Lauderdale, Earl Bathurst, the Earl of Csdeilon,
Lord Dudley and Ward, Lord Farnham, Earl Morley, Lord
Bexley, Lord King. Lord Clifden, and the Earl of Liverpool.
Earl GROSVENOR wee about to make acme observation.,
when_
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said there was no question before
their Loreships ; but the Noble Lord would have an o_pportitejty
to make his observations upon a motion which he (the Earl of Li.
verpool) intended to make. His Lordship then moved that all
petitions upon the subject of small notes in Scotland and Ireland
be referred to the Committee which bad been appointed.
Earl GROSVENOR said the motion of the Noble Earl was a
mere matter of form and might very well be dispensed with. If
Government had made up their minds to extend the new system to
Scotland and to Ireland, what would ho the use of a Committee P
He rout(' prefer proceeding at once. There was an objection
the late Act, which he could not help adverting to. He meant the
omission to provide for a ready exchange of paper for gold; mad tie
regretted this the more, because it was a serious ineonvenienoe to
the poorer classes, who would be the principal sufferers, and for
whose benefit the late Act was said to be intended. His Lordship
hoped this omission would be reconsidered by their Lordships. and
that some proviso would be glade for theprotection of the lager
classes of society.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL thought the objestion of the Noble
Earl a most extraordinary one. The question before their Lord.
ships was, whether all the petitions on the subject of small noire
in Scotland and in Ireland should be referred to the Comodure
which had been just appointed, and the Noble Earl had risen io tip.
pose any inquiry. But supposing that the observaions had been \
made upon the first question, he would beg leave to remind
him of what had occurred in the House when the Bill for li.
miting the circulation of small notes was before their Lordship.
On that occasion lie (the Earl of Liverpool) had been naked
whether it was the intention of Government to extend the ton.
visions of the Act to Scotland and to Ireland. Ile had thea
stated that such was the intention of his Majesty's Ministers. tact
that no such measure would be introduced by them into that Bail.
Since that period a general sentiment. hostile to the intended
measure, had manifested itself in Scotland; and although no
alteration had been effected in the minds of his Majesty's Mi.
nisters, yet it was thought advisable and proper to make further
inquiries. The Noble Earl opposite had called the enpointrutt.t
of a Committee a matter of form lie could not Oslo; any such
thing, nor had he ever heard of such inquiry bring called a matter
.of form. Ile would again repeat, that although he moved tof a
Committee, and although he had heard a great deal upon the suh.
ject, he had not beard any thing to shake the opinion which he had
already stated.
Eul GROSVENOR exolained.
• The Earl of ABI::iiDEEN thought that before their Lordship.
had determined upon appointing a committee, it should have
stained that tonne evil or abuse existed, and it ought not to
forgotten that the feeling in Semiarid was unanimous, m oppes.
to any interference with the astabliebed system of bonk,l Sn if444*

land. There might have been exaggeration'', and the effects of such
interference might have been overrated. The subject was an im-
portant one; but yet, in his mind, there did not exist suffietent rea.
eons fur the appointment of a committee. As the committee had
been. appointed, why not refer to them the state of the currency be-
fore the Bank Restriction Bill P or, why not wait until the effect of
'the experiment made in England should be sseertained ? He could
not support the extension to Scotland of the Promissory Notes Bill,
whilst the opposite system had been found so advantaceous to the
interests of that country, and when he heard no aotleient reason
assigned to change it. If the prevent system wronot the ramie. it
certainly was cnntempnranenus with the prosperity of Scotland ; to
11.13 a homely phrase, the Scotch were the beat ebneitioned people in
Europe, and lie did not wish to disturb their present situation.
. They were perfectly contented, and it was better to leave them so.
He was disposed to oppose the appointment of a committee. The
intended measure' could be nothing more than an experiment,
which was weaned for and unnecessary, and entirely opposed to the
wishes, of the people of Scotland. It would have been more dieni-
Ned in his Majesty's Ofternment (and he did not mean to charge
then, with anounbecoming obstinacy) to consult the wishes of the
people than to force a measure upon them contrary to their incline-
mon. His Lordship thought the very appointment of a committee
would have bad effects ; when suspicion was so much alive, it would,
be easy to convert it into alarm and a general want of confidence.
bard MELVILLE thought his Noble Friend who had last •
spoken was labouring tinders mistake. Ile bat argued the ques.
tins as if a bill had been before their Lordships to alter the currency
of Sentland. The question was, whether (a committee being ap.
' pointed) all the petitions on the subject should be referred to that
committee. A great deal of misapprehension a tided upon the sub.
jeett and with the knowledge of that fact. it was rather hard to
charge the Government with any unnecessary interference, when
'they only attempted to ascertain the reel state of the matter. It
. was proposed to cap the best informed persons before the commit-
tee; and what better plan could be devised to get at the truth.
The Noble Lad had spoken as tithe appointment of a committee
wield be prejudicial to the Interests of Scotland, but he begged to
aware the Noble Earl that tbe persona who were most opposed to
any interference nth her banking symem, were anxious fur en.
qtiire ; af, thereupon, all parties were desirous for investigation, be
coeld rust see how it could be otherwise than beneficial.
The Earl of LIMERICK agreed with his Noble Friend therm-1
cf Alit-mem that a remedy shoteld not be applied where there weans
disease. There was no rennin *signed for the Mum/action of the
pew 'system into Ireland. It would he better to wait-and ascertain
the effect of the experiment upon England, and of Its success in
Vox triunity he had some doubts. He could not think that the sire
m' Ireland called for any change in the system of banking there:
the very Intimation of such change had caused a great re.
ducting: of prices in that country within • few weeks, and he was
ate it would have still muse mischievous effects. The situation of
sonland was very different. In Scotland there was no specie, bed
tenet was not the case In Ireland. There, paper was established
unon a metallic basis, and small notes could be easily converted
into gold ; and if those notes were withdrawn from circulation, the
commercial and agricultural Memos would suffer materially.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE had an objection to the motion
heroic the House, and to the appointment of the committee which
"Wad been ordered. Whet was the origin of all the proceeding% re-
specting the currency ? Why, it was topesiore confidence. And he
would ask, whether that object had been attained in England ? As
yet, the measure pawed by Parliament had no such effect ; and he
asked the Noble Lord opposite to deny that assertion if he could.
The feeling in Scotland against the introduction of the new measure
was quite unanimous. Even at a public meeting, lately held in that
country upon the subject, there was only one person who seemed to
rale son the measure. That gentleman had formerly been a gold.
smith ; and he (Lord Lauderdale) could not otherwise account for his
- partiality to • metallic currency, than by referring to the story told
by Dr. Johnson of a tallow.chaodleo who had weld his establish-
ment, but reserved to himself the privilege of visiting the premises
upon every melting day. One Noble Lord had recommended
Government to proceed boldly, and not regard the wishes of the
people. Another Noble Lord had said the nature of the inquiry
was obvious; but the Noble Earl at the head ti his Majesty's
Government, would find before he got through a Committee, that it
would be better not to introduce the system tutu either Scotland or
Inland.
Earl GROSVENOR explainel.
The Earl of lil V ERPOteL said, the Noble Earl was opposed
to inquiry, and had recommended as a more dignified course to
Dilinistem, to proceed without delay to pass whatever measure they
had in contemplation. With respect to Ireland, the Noble Earl
(Limerick), who was opposed In withdrawing small notes from cir.
@elation there, and who haul approved so much of the present sys-
tem of banking in that country, should rent:leen that no country
had suffered more severely by the failures of banks than that coun-
try. A few banks had been lately established there, but
there was not time to know their effects ; and it should also he re-
collected. that Scotland hail suffered severely within the last fifteen
years_perhaps she had suffered as much as England. There was
soother question: could Scotland support her cetabliehments with-
out the assistance of England Could Scotland, is a period of dis.
tree., avoid applying to England for support? Had not the People
of Scotland applied to the Bank of England for relict ? If Scot-
land aril Ireland could do without England, then there would he
lime ground for allowing a different system to prevail in each coon.
ery ; but, in point of fact, the countries were so connected that it
would be unwise to establish different systems of banking in each.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE did not rise to enter upon any
discussion, but to explain. The Noble Earl opposite had said that
if the banks of Scotland could do without the insistence of England
it would not be neemeary to interfere with the sestein established
there ; but the people of Scotland had as much nght so apply to
Government for teller as the people of England had, and if the
Noble Earl had not refused to issue Exchequer bills, the deputations
would have had no occasion to apply to the Bank of England for a
loan. If the bankers in Scotl old were proprietors or Bank of England
notes, he supposed the Noble Earl (Liverpool) would not deny that
they might have the same right to come to England !or the pay-
meet of those notes, as the Bank of France would possess if they
were in the same situation • and that was all that the people of
Scotland would have to bust upon that subject. He wished there-
fore to take this opportunity of saying, notwithstanding what had
been thrown out by the Noble Earl as to the banks of Scotland
leaning on the Bank of England for support, that as far as his In.
formation extended on the subject, the banks of Scotland had no
such leaning, and, what was more. that there had existed no occa-
sion tor any such leaning : nay, he would venture to say, that as
long as the Noble Earl pereteted in having in 016 country • Bank
possessed of exclusive privileges, it would be in vain fur private
blinkers to depend on such a resource. Whilst, however, the Bank
of Ergland continued to be the exclusive proprietors of the right of
coining goll in this country, it was to that Bank that the people
and his Majesty's Ministers must look for a supply of gold.
The Earl of LIMERICK explained.
The Duke of ATHOL said that if such a measure as that pro-
to be adopted had been carried into effect at an earlier period,
he was quite satisfied that the taxes which Scotland paid at this
moment would have suffered a most material depreciation, from her
leee of that prosperity, which, under her present system, she had so
" amply enjoyed. This therefore would be a subject for the serious
' consideration of the Committee; and it would come also before the
Committee to inquire how far Scotland was dependent on the Bank
of England, anti how far, during the Ire 'thermos, the banks of
that country had pressed on the Bank of England in an unusual
manner? Since a Committee had been appointed, he deprecated
any partial discus:kg of these questions, and thought their Lord.
ships might to defer their observations until they had the benefit of
the Report of that Committee.
Viscount CLIFDEN thought the country would be glad to
learn that it was intended to institute an inquiry into the state of
• the currency of Ireland and Scotland. lle beseeched his Majesty's
Alinisters to proceed with the measure. In the year 1819 or 11120,
no less titan nee banks broke in Ireland : one of them was
great Dublin bank. whose circulation covered all the middle
counties. No man could conceive the misery which ensued from
that failure. There never was a greater man of wretchedness in
any country than resulted from that calamity. It was therefore of
the greatest importance that these country banks should be pre.
tented from springing up again ; and he trusted the Noble Earl
opposite (Liverpool) would persevere in the inquiry. The loss on
such occasions generally fell on those classes that were the lease
able to hear them. Although hie property lay in some of the coun-
ties that were affected, vet he did not himself lose five pounds by
the Allure ae. this banks e set did tis agents sustain any serious
loss. It was not the agents who suffered, because they were men
ttf tagarity and sense, and knew how to guard 'gaited such acct.
dents • it was the middling and lower classes of people who suffered.
And :tumid such a system be allowed to contieue ? Why, he bad
learnt that its the county of Northampton a bank had failed, whose
debts amounted to 1214,000 L, while •the tenets were only 11,0001.
He confessed, then, that he had a horror for these one and two pound
n 13.41. He was therefore glad at the prospect aMrded to the
country of the present unfortunate system soon mantle to an cod.
The Earl of CA RNARS'ON thought their leortiehtps had el-
Pearly been proceeding in a most extraordinary manner ; because
one most important question was, whether such a measure as had
been adopted in England should he extended to Scnthied and Ire-
land, OT whether they should adopt the suggestion, which, to his
great surprise, had been made to their lerralehips, to assimilate
the practice of England to that of Scotland. On a former occa-
sion he admitted that the arguments used in sappott of the measure
es regarded England had not convinced him of its propriety:
temeetally as nothiog had been obtained tutu the Bank in limi-
tetinn of its privileges ' • all that was proposed was a gratuitous sur-
render on their part. Without any inquiry whatsoever, there had'
passed through that House, Ida few slays, a most important Bill,
deciding the question as to Eeglend; he hoped they would' not
haste to repent the decision which they had so hastily come to.
Ile formed his opinion upon the question from a conviction
that the systems of currency of the two emnitriee of Scotland sad
England were founded on bases essentially different. He therefore
could not but think the late measure Was • most hasty and a most
extraordinary proceeding; and this measure had been roamed to
at • moment when property and pecuniary credit stood upon the
moat ticklish foundation • when, instead of acting thus, they
ought to hare applied healing measures to the existing wound.
Hut it' the House were to go into this partial inquiry, why
should it not be by a Committee of the whole House? The Coin.
mit trot as appointed would consist of a majority of English Peers ;
and of whom ? He saw among them nearly the same C,omntittee
as oat in 1819; and whenever the banking system and the question of
geld was to be discuseel,he with) not but look with great distrust to a
Committee so composed. if the inquiry were left to the 3lidioes
of that Committee, they would endeavour to gather the hlmesoms
of bullion from Caledonion thistles. (laughter.) But why were
they to propose in this hour of emergency to change the currency
of Scotland, without any human being having alleged the slightest
objection to the 'lnstils' system ? It any such allegation hot been
maue he should readily have submitted to this inquiry ; eon in-

deed, to a Select and Secret Committee, but in a full and oven
Committee of the House, from which he thought much IFIOIC good
would result.

Lord ELLENBOROUGH thhught tt Committee of the whole
House would have enabled them to arrive at a more correct judg-
ment on the subject than could be formed from a Secret Committee.
But the course of Parliament had been moat extraordinary. In a
time of great public distress. without any inquiry whatever, they
had adopted a measure with regard toEngland which could not be
effectual, even in this country. without a similar measure being
extended in Scotland ; and yet they were now about to institute a
grave inquiry into the propriety of extending that very measure to
that country. If this Inquiry were to be referred to a Committee
of the whole House, he was sure the result would be that the mea-
sure would be abandoned as to Scotland and Ireland, for this Ses-
sion at least ; but he thought it impossible that•a Committee consist.
tog of d Scotch, 4 Irish. and It/ English Peers, could come to s tair
decision, and pronounce a sound opinion upon the question. But
if the Noble Earl (Liverpool) determined to press this measure in
a way by which it was improcticable fur the House to come to an
opinton, founded on a roll and impartial report, he confessed it ap-
peared to hint that it would be a more dignified end manful, and a
more statesman-like course on the part of Government, if they
came forward at once, and asked the House to pass the measure
without any inquiry at all.
The motion was then agreed to.
ARMY AND lARINE MUTINY BILLS. _

.......
These Bills severally went through ■ Committee, and the Re.
ports were brought up.
Their Lordships adjourned at half:past six o'clock.

HOUSE OF CO3IMONs, FRIDAY, A/ARCH 17.

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.

Sir EDWARD ETSAICHIBI.I.---presiented a Petition from
Margate. praying for the abolition of negro slavery.
Petition were presented by Sir Wm. Unite, from Bel-
ford; by Mr. Byng. from the parish of St. Leonard's, Shoreditch;
by Mr. S. Whitbread, from Wallingford; by Mr. W. Smith,
from Overton. Soub, and several other parishes in the county of
Cambridge; by Mr. Tremavne. from G-rinol. in Cornwall.
CURRENCY OF SCOTLAND.
WM. DUN DAS presented a Petition from the inhilibitants
of Edinburgh praying that no alteration may take place in the
currency of Scotland.
Mr. ELLIS said it must strike every Englishman that a strong
prejudice existed in Scotland against the introduction of any im-
provement into that country. That could not be a matter of doubt,
when it was known that Petitions were presented from every town
and city of Scotland except one against the Scotch Jury Bill. He
knew a party existed in Sentlind which was opposed to ever
plan, founded on liberal principles of commerce or of law, which
originated with 31inisters. De thought that the conduct of those
Honourable Gentlemen who had disclaimed all inflammatory pro.
ceedings highly commendable, and which had contributed In his
opinion to produce a calm and temperate discussion of the subject.
MILT* few words from Mr. W. SMITH and Mr. DuNDAS,
The petition was brought up and ordered to be minted.
Similar petition, were presented by Sir G. Murray, from the
Nobility, Clergy, sad Commissioners of Supply of the county of
Perth ; by 3lr. Blair, from the county of %Vigton ; by Lord C.
Stuart. from the Inhabitants and Commissioners of Supply of the
county of Bute; by Sir G. Murray, from the Procurators of the
Coatis of Law of Perth, and from ardale.
SLAVE TRADE.

Mr. F. BUXTON moved for a return of Copies of all tor.
respondence relative to the Slave Trade in the Islands of Lechelles
and Maurhins, received by his Majesty's Oovemment.—Ordered.
Mr. LITTLETON moved that the order of the 28th February
last, for a return from the Exchequer Bill Loan Office, bo discharg-
ed; which was discharged accordingly.
EPISCOPAL UNIONS BILL.

Sir JOHN NEWPORT moved the second reading of the Epis-
copal Unions Sill.—Committed.
SILK DUTIES ACT.

Mr. GRANT brought up the report of the Silk Duties Act.--
Bill ordered to be brought in. to carry the some into edict.
111 ESSAGE FROM THIgIIORDS.

A Mermarrefinm the Lorde announceitheirEonr;hipe assent to
the Scotch Jury Bill arid several private Bills.
rpm', OF OFFENCES.

Mr. J. W. CHOKER brought in a Bill to enable Commis.
sionera fur trying offences upon the sea, and Justice. of Peace, to
take examination. touching such offsets, and commit persons to
side custody.
ALEHOUSES' REGULATION BILL.

-Cllr. ESTCOUNT said the Bill of thead George 4th, for rept.
lating alehouses, had expired—that law was now extinct, and it
was therefore necessary to introduce a Bill for the regulation of
those houses, otherwise there would be no law at all. He meant
to Introduce some alterations into the Bill which he intended to
bring in, which he would elate to the House. The first had refe-
rence to the general licensing day. At present the licensing day
took pine in the month of September, but as the magistrates had
a discretionary power of nominating any day in the month for that
purpose, it was often deferred to the close of the month, which was
productive of great inconvenience. lie would, in the new Bill,
have the licensing day in the same month (September), and would
propose that it should be competent fur the magistrates to adjourn
their sittings, without a greeter interval than six days, which would
remedy the evils of the -ner Act, and greatly facilitate those
eases. Another alteration would he, that there should be s clause
in the Act to oblige the parish officers to give notice to the magic.
Crates of the Session, that it might be as well known and public as
possible aathe third alterstion which he would propose would have
reference to the form of the license. At present the signature of
two magistraice W3l sufficient. out of 20 who sat at the meeting
of magistrates a hen the license was granted. The alteration be
would propose in this particular would be, that the names of the
magistrates she..ld be stated in the body of ,the license, and signed
by the majority of the magistrates. He then moved for leave to
bring in " a Bill to regulate the Licensing of Alehouses."
Mr. HUM seconded the motion of the lion. Member. He
thought the law required amendment. There was a petition laid on
the table of the House, which stated that 27 houses were licensed
in one town under the exclusive influence of certain brewers, who
had an interest in them. Five hundred inhabitants had petitioned
to procure a license for an individual of excellent character ; but as
some relations of the brewers were magistrates, the license was re.
fused. lie would reirenmend the Hon. Member to introduce a
clause into the Bill, which would enable a person of good character
to obtain a license, who should be re:omnietideti by two-thirds of
the inhabitants of the place where he intended to establish himself.
He thought it was only right to o, en the door a little wider to per-
mit persons of good character and respectable recommendations to
obtain licenses.

On the motion that leave be granted to bring in the Bill,
Mr. lA)CKIIAItT said he tuought the quality of the ale was to
be considered, as well u the character of the vender. It was ne-
cessary that he should have a good character and the reputation of
selling good and palatable ale. lie thought those points of more
Importance than the disqualification of magistrates.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY said it W 44 absurd to require a certificate
from every man who drank a pint of beer. The other suggestions,
relative to the assent of the inhabitant% would destroy competition,
(hear, hear), without which they could not expect to procure good
articles. (Hear, hear.)
Leave was then given to bring in the Bill.
CTSL KY LA WS.

... _ ... ..-- ..
Mr. HEATH COTE inquired of 31r.— Sergeant Onslow when it
washisintention to move the second readingot she Bill on the Usury
Laws, or whether he had entirely abandoned-it ?
111 r. Sergeant ONSLOW said that he had not abandoned it, but
that he hoped the Chancellor of the Exchequer would have taken It
up. His intention was to briug it forward, whenever the opinion
of the House should think most proper.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that the
child had been laid at the door of a person to whom it did not be.
long. (A laugh.) He would suggest the 10th of April next.
Mr. SYKES objected to that tittle, as many 3leinbtri would be
engaged at the Quarter Sessions.
I'he CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER then proposed
that the second reading of the Bill should be fixed for the 17th
April.—Agreed to.
CO3IMITTEE OF SUPPLY.
Mr. BERRIES having moved the Order of the Day on the
COWtodttle of Supply, the Howie resolved itselllsisaa Ailsetwaistee
thereon. He said the papernlaid before the House showed the nature
of the vote they had given tart year. Two hundred thousand
pounds was now ;emitted far civil contingencies.
On the item of the Civil Continkenctes being put,
Mr. HUME objected to it. Ile said the expenditure was too
great by half for toe country to hear. The expense of Ambassa-
dors and Consuls was 500.0001. The salaries of Consuls.Gencrsl
and Consuls was 110,000/.; other allowances 10.0001. Consuls in
the Levant 11.0001.,—which made • total of 79.0001. And then the
amount chargeable on the Civil List ler the salaries of Consuls.
General and Consuls which was 30,0410/., being deducted, left
49,0001. The sum, therefore, of 101,0001., added to 326,000/.,
would make the whole for the year no lets than 501,0001.
He (Mr. Hume) would entreat his Majesty's Government to con-
sider whether they could go on at a regularly increasing rate of ex.
pens', oo account of those aerricallwhich bad already arrived at the
amount of nearly ball a million. !Pith rat feet to the Consulates
in South America, he agreed as to their neeemity ; but he called
upon the Right Hon. Gentleman (Me. Calming; to reduce the num-
ber of the diplomatic situations in Europe, in order to meet that
necessity. lie held in his hand an account of the different iliplo.
matte missions if England at Foreign Courts, by which it appeared
that there were establishments in France, A ustria,Anierica„ Bavaria,
Denmark, Russia, Spain, Constantinople, Prussia, Brazil, Two
Sicilies, Wirtemberg, Saxony, Tuscany, Germanic Diet, Switzer-
land, Persia, Portugal, the.; and he would ask if the country. in its
depressed state, was able to bear the increasing charges of such
establishments. He (Mr. Hume) would ask where was the neces-
sity of ambassadors to such places as IVirtemberg, Tuscany, Sax.
ony, an/ places of such minor imeriatice as thoree—places possess.
ing no influence in the affairs of Europe, and therefore authorisation
to those places were altnee.her ileitis and unnecessary. There was
an Envoy to Switzerland also, whit might be proper if those States
were leading States; but the tact was, two or three of the larger
powers directed every thing, and those he Mil mentioned were of no
Importance. He (Mr. Ilutne) would next refer to the extraor-
dinary expenses of some of those missions, particularly of that at
Paris ; the extraordinary expenses according to the estimate before
the House being 17,5721., which, With the sum of 13,000/. for
salary, made the annual expense not lose than 36.0001. per annum.
He would ask was it proper or becoming to pay to one diplomatic
imitation alone, a sum equal to the whole e se of the Government
of America for the seine period ?It was less for him to object
to those itemi; but he would I•.t it to the iliht nom Gent. *be.
V

then it was no matter worthy of his consideration, that In the year
1792 the whole annual expense for Ambassadors, Consuls, &c.„
amounted to only 'mow. while for the year 1826 it amounted to
nearly half a million. He would object to that state of expenditure,
and, if the Committee would give him their support, he would ne-
gative the proposition then before it, end reduce the vote to.half
the amount. It was a great misfortune that his Majesty's Ministers
thought great salaries necessary to obtain the services of effi.
dent men; he (Mr. Hume) was entirely of a different opinion.
High salaries made men above their duty, and above their work.
If the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Canning) would give notice to
all the parties concerned, that theirsalaries were to be reduced one-
half, he (Mr. Hume) was satlefeed that the duty would be as well
done as at present. It was also bad, from the influence it had over
the inferior officers. leading them into expense and Into a neglect
of their duty. It was quits impossible that any Ambassador could
recompense his country by. any services lie might perform for such
an enormous sum a 530,0011/. Some years ago, a house was pur-
chased for the English Ambassador at Paris, at an expense of
30,0001., upon which occasion it was stated that the annual ex-
pense would be decreased in consequence of that purchase ; but the
contrary had been thi. case ; and in the estimate before the House.
there appeared no less a sum than 12,0001. for repairs and furniture
for the hotel of the British Ambassador at Paris, which made
17,5721. for the extraordinary expenses of that mission for one
year ; it was 15,000/.last year, had gone on increasing every year,
and be must say there was no limits to the extravagance. In the
year 1792, the embassy to France, including extraordinaries,
amounted to 9,0001. only. He would wish to ask if some of the
Ambassadors to Foreign Courts were not for a whole year in Eng-
land, at least be had reason to suppose such was the case, from a
statement he has, seen to that effect a few days since. The extra-
ordinary expenses on the estimate appeared to be 73,11611., which,
added tP130,0001. for the Consular appointments in South Ame-
rica, 'and the ordinary expenses of salaries to Ambassadors, &c. in
Europe, amounted, in the whole, to no less s stint than half a
-million—a state of expenditure which he could not but consider re-
quired explanation.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said that, in answer to the observa-
tions of the Hon. Gentleman, he would first advert to that part of
the subject which was not regularly before the Committee. the new
(:onsular eetablishments..When be cameto the consideration of die
1 question on coming Into soifiee. die found the opinion of the Ilonse
had been taken, and it hid determined that the tilde of the country
should be relieved from the expense of the Consulates--that they
shouldbe put on • new fooling, that fees ehne;.l be abolished and
salaries substituted in their stead; He (Ms. Canning) begged the
House to understand that by carrying that measure into effect he
had not pledged his own opinion on the enbject. lie had found the
plan proposed by the House ready to his hand, and it was his duty
to carry it into execution. In his (31r. Canning's) opinion, fees
' were best in sonic cases, but he found it completely decided by the
House, who had laid itdown as a maxim that the burthen should
be taken from trade and laid upon the country ; and it was too much,
therefore, for the lion. Gentleman (Mr. flume)) to turn round and
complain of the expense. He could assure the lion. Gent. that the
job he had had to perform in the arrangement and settlement
of cases for compensation, was one of the most difficult he had ever
undertaken. Of course he could not shoot in the crowd
regardless of whom he might hit, and the lion. Gentleman might
suppose, from the variety of interests which were brought under
consideration, his situation in the adjustment of them could nut he
a very enviable one. A great number of cases had been considered
during the last two years, and there were many still undecided.
The amount taken from the trade in fees, according to the return,
appeared to be 61,150!., and the system of the House and the Ho.
nourable Gentleman was, that that sum should be taken off the pri-
rate merchant and be paid by the public. Ile (Mr. Canning) was
not called upon to say whether it was proper that trade should be
relieved; it was sufficient for him that the decision had been come
to, and he had executed it. The Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Hume)
was aware that last year the Levant Company was thrown open ;
the amount of fees of Consul* of that Company alone was 23,000/.,
and by throwing open that trade the country must pay those Con.
sulates. The whole charge was 71.0801., and as 30,000/. was
always paid from the Civil LAM, dime remained 49,0001. to be pro-
vided for by the House. The Salaries to Consuls was 50,0001., and
taking those of the levant Trade at 11,0001. for the present year,
made the amount 6140001. The House chose to relieve the trade of
the country of the charge of 61,0001, and he (51r- Canning) did that
for 49.0001.. not according or his own judgment, but according to
that of the Honourable Gentleman+ then he had effected a saving
on that head of 12,0011. With regard to the. Consulates of South
America, there was the greatest trouble in affixing proper regula-
tions, inasmuch as it was impossible to decide upon any scale tor
their expenses. He (Mr. Canning) had had numerous returns,
and' had endeavourek as much no possible to shape a proper
standard ; but the Home would see how difficult it was to come
to anything like a general decision, when he mentioned that only
the other day an instance came before him where a horse could be
purchased for a dollar, but it cost two guineas to get him shod,
therefore it was Impossible to say a priori what was or was not a
proper expense. In respect to the European missions, he (Mr.
Canning) had closely followed the report of 11116, the whole of the
present estimate being agreeable to that report, which was sanc-
tioned by Parliament. The reduction had principally taken place
In the embassies to smaller Courts. He (Mr. Canning) said that it
did excite his greatest surprise to hear the Hon. Gentleman (Mr.
Hume) object to have Ambassadors from England at those Courts.
It was true that their high heads had been laid low, but it did not
follow that they were always to remain in that situation in which
destiny had lately placta them, (hem, hear) and it would be highly
unbecoming in England to whielnew her Ambassadors from those
Courts on that account. The Hon. Gentleman had taken particu-
lar objection to the expense of the French Embassy, which, he
said, was 30,000/. and might be 50,0001., but he must be aware
that the expense of one year was not to be termed the annual ex-
, pease. The lion. Gentleman was aware that, in the Paris Mission,
very extensive repairs were required in the residence of the Ambas-
sador. In 1314 an hotel was ordered to be purchased and furnish-
ed, the cost of which was 800,000 francs: Forsome years after that
no expense was incurred; but for the last five or six years of Sir
Charles Stuart's residence considerable repairs were required. In
11124, 12,0001. was stated to be required for that purpose, and in
consequence lie (Mr. Canning) had directed a surveyor to be sent
over to examine into the state of the building. Mr. Smirke was
accordingly appointed to make a survey, and he reported that such
another house was not to be got in Paris, and that to make the
building weather-tight between 40001. and 6000/, would be neces-
sary, and orders were given by the Treasury to the Board of
Works for the repairs to be effected. The Board of Works sent
over Mr. Wyatt, and to his ( Mr. Canning's) utter astonishment,
be reported that the -eon of 17,000/. was nexisary for the repairs
of the building, and 7000/. for the repairs of furniture. lie (Mr.
Canning) then advised that the house should be sold, thinking an.
other eligible one might be procured and some saving effected. The
report on that point was however entirely discouraging as to the
propriety of doing so. It was stated that the number of houses of
that description hasl greatly diminished in Paris, the description of
house being like that of Devonshire or Burlington House, in Lon-
don, which were particularly desirable from the courts in front. An
intimation was given in Pans, that a house was wanted for a abort
period, as was supposed, while the repairs was effected, but the
prices demanded were such as to preclude negotiation. At the same
time applications were made, from persons of all parties, stating
their remonstrances, that the British Ambassador's house should be
parted with, front the effect that it would be likely to have on the
minds of the French people, and that it was a !subject of the
deepest political importance that it should be retained, as England
was the only country, except one, that had such a residence in
Paris. At length the repairs were determined on, and Mr. Wyatt's
estimate was cut down to twelve thousand pounds; and it would be
seen from the stasements made, that the retaining of the house was
of importance, when the Russian Ambassador was the only other
Ambassador who had one. In respect to the general expenditure
of Ambassadors, he could say it far exceeded their salary and
allowances, and he had confidence in saying, that Lord Granville
expended half as much more as he derived from his office. Ile
must say that the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Hume) was mistaken in
respect to that mission. in saying that the amount of the expen-
diture for that year was the annual expense. There was only one
other point on which he thought it necessary to observe, which was
on the extraordinary expense; and the lion. Gentleman (31r.
Hume) would recollect that a special embassy was sent on the ac.
cession of the present Monarch to the throne of France. That in.
dividual (the Duke of Northumberland) was to pay his own ex-
penses, wlOchcould not be done under 30,000/. The Government
wjahinz 30 a proper respect to the Noble Duke, Mateod of
offering a sum or honey, dettfiefitteetr, fts the name of the Sovereign,
to present him with an elegant diamond sword of 10,000!., being
not half the smooth of the eireeneelaehad incurred, rind that Sum
was included in the extraordinary expenses. The House would
Nee the impossibility of pressing any pecuniary aid on the Noble
individual ; at the same time they could not let the matter pass
without some acknowledgment—something to show to his family
of his honourable mission. (Hear, hear.) With respect to the eon.
sulates, he would say three were circumstances in the regulation he
was not prepared to defend ; but though the subject was no child
of his, still he should do his duty to the best of his ability.
Mr. BERNAL objected to two items, which appeared in the
estimate for snuff boxes, one to the Danish and the other to the
Russian Minister.

Mr. secretary CANNING said that, with respect to the presen-
tation of snott.boxes, it we. A usage of the greatest antiquity, upon
the ratification of commercial, conventions, and it so happened that
of late the number of those, from the state of circumstances, had
increased. lie wished to mention, that since he had spoke of the
expenses incurred by the ambassador at P ,he had ascertained
that it amounted to double the amount of his:salary and allowances,
as he had before stated.

Mr. BARING was underatnent to eapress his regret that, ac-
cording to the present regulation, cansula were prevented front being
merchants, as he considered the salary of WIZ., which might be a
hroper allowance, did not enable them to associate with those
ighly respectable and wealthy individuals embarked in commerce.
Ile could not but notice that an exception to that general rule ex-
isted at Amsterdam mitt Rotterdam.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said, that certainly the highly re-
spectable gentlemen filling these situations at the porta mentioned
were merchants. but they had been so prior to their appointment.
The general regulation was to prevent Consuls becoming mer-
chants after they nod been so appointed.
SYK ES was of opinion -that we maintained an unreasonable
number of Consuls in the South of Europe. In Italy we bad
eight, in Spain seven, a number unite disproportioned to our trade
with thaw countries. On the other hand, we had but two Commis
in Sweden (that is to say, one it Stockhnhu and one at (iotten.
burgh); we had but one Consul in Norway amt one in Denmark,
countries with which we carried on a considerable trade. The oh-
vimis inference from this was, that we hail either too many Consuls
in the 4outhern States of Europe, or too few in the Northern. He
boped that the Houk might tiraw one consoling inference from the

accounts before them, that hlinisters were aware of the useless ex-
penditure in that department, and were wiling to take measures
for its retrenchment.

Mr. EI,ItICE thought that Ministers had adhered too strictly to
the rule of excluding from the office of Consul persona who were
actually engaged in trade. It was impossible with that restriction
to find intelligent persona competent to the office, who would accept
it at the ordinary salary. He hoped, therefore, the Right Honour-
able Gentleman, weighing the advantage of appointing proper
persons to fill hose offices, would not confine the selection to per-'
sons not engaged in commerce. The abandonment of that rule
would encourage proper persons to fill the office, and the despatch
of consular business would be facilitated by the habits of commer-
cial men.
Mr. HUME said, that it appeared to him that the country
would be put to less expense if wealthy merchants were selected to
fill the office. He objected to the Consuls being under the con-
trol of the Consuls General. He wished to ask the Right Ho-
nourable Gentleman what were the views of Government with re-
spect to the appointment of mercantile men and also he wished
to know how the Consuls were paid.
Mr. CANNING explained.
Mr. Hl: ME lamented to see the continued increase of this
branch of our expenditure. In 1792 it was only 116,000/., in 1/115
it had Increased to eLoout, and at present he believed it was still
more. lie censured the purchase of a palace for the French em-
bassage as an example of inexcusable extravagance. He was sure
that if the Right Honourable Gentleman had known the degree of
distress which pervaded the country, he would not have allowed
such an inordinate expense. If all our establishments were to be
carried on on the same scale, he could see nn limits to the waste of
public money. He thought that if some of the Secretaries to em-
bassies, who have nothing to do, were put in the place of the Con-
suls, it would effect a considerable saving.
Mr. HERMES said a few words in explanation, which did not
reach us.

.Ir. HI,TME asked whether that sum of 73,0001. had formed a
part of last year's estimate.
HERRIES said that the 73,0601. included all the money
paid under that head, sad the vote required for the remainder.
Mr. liil3lE said he thought that the Government ought to have
accepted the offer of the Duke of Northumberland to bear the ex-
penses of his embasaage to l'Mnce. lie begged lave to ask the
Honourable Gentleman how the money under the head of legal fess
was disposed of.
Mr /I ERRIES replied, that those fees did not go in any ease
tato the pockets of individual.; they went towards the fiends of the
public offices. In some cases they belonged to the emoluments of
those offices. in others they contributed towards their maintenance.
Mr. HUME said it (was too bad to pity the Sum of 941. on being
appointed Secretary to an embassy ; that was a monopoly which
ought nut to be supported.
Mr. liEItIRIES in teply said, that the officers who received those
fees had important duties to perform, and a considerable portion of
their emoluments was derived altogether from feet'. The Honour-
able Gentleman, he was sure, would not be satisfied if Ministers
were to come down next year with an estimate of the salaries of
public officers founded on the abolition of fees.
Mr. HUME wished to have some explanation respecting the
20,0001. for the outfit of Ambassadors. It appeared to him that
the expense of outfit had in some instances been repeated with the
individual.
Mr. HERRIES said that that only took place on an appoint-
ment to a more expensive situation.
Mr. 11U3IE said that there were some items which he read with
surprise. Under the heads of Antigua, Dominica, and Sierra
Leone, he saw charges for ',dyer boxes to keep the great seal. lie
hoped the security of the Colonies did not depend on those great
scab.

Mr. CRORER said, that those were the boxes in which the
seals of those Colonies were preserved. Ii might appear to the
Honourable Gentleman that boxes of tin or brass might do as well,
but those boxes he believed had cost only 4/. a-piece.
Mr.HUME said he only knew that the country was charged 6131.
for them. Ile protested also against the people of England paying
for church plate for Sierra Leone. lie also objected to the charge
for a service of plate, canopy, and picture, for the embassy at
Madrid, amounting to 6,1201.
Mr. HERMES said it was usual to furnish every embassy with
a service of plate, which remained attached to the situation.
Mr. HUME had understood that the regiments of Horse Guards
were paid separately, and he had even been told that they were
maintained with great economy; but he must object to the charge
of trumpeters and kettle-drums The coats of those trumpeters
cost, he was informed, no less than 741. each. Those gaudy troops
reminded him of the guards of Louis the Fourteenth, with whom
the resrectable troop, of England used to be advantageously
compared. He hoped the time would come when the plain
blue Windsor cloth worn by his late Majesty would be gene-
rally worn by our troops. He thought it shameful to waste
so much public money in the unitat of a starving population.
Ire also saw among other charges, one of 3,8J61. for the slaves
in lterbice, which on the capture of that Colony had fallen
into the hands of certain indiviiivala, who not being able to make
those slaves profitable, applied to Government for assistance. He
thought that they ought to be emancipated, or some arrangement
ought to he made for their profitable employment.
Mr. CHOKER said that with respect to the trumpeters, their
dress was that which was usual in the household since the time of
Henry VIII. If the Hon. Gentleman had any acquaintance with
old pictures he would know that it was the same costume.
Mr. BLAIR made some observations, which were inaudible in
the gallery.
Mr. HERRIES said with respect to the slaves in Berbice, the
Treasury had not received the report of the Commissioners ap-
pointed to enquire into their connition. The Treasury had indeed
received offers from some individuals respecting those slaves, which
offers, however, Government could not accept, for want of security
for the proper treatment of the slaves.
Mr. HUME was surprised to hear that several hundred able-
bodied men were unable to support themselves, and obliged to seek
aid from Government ; but whatever Government touched was sure
to go wrong, else they would not be paying 3,8001. for an ill-ma-
naged estate.
The CHANCELLOR or the EXCHEQUER said that it was
totally out of the power of Government to regulate this matter.
They had never sought that onerous duty ; but it was thrown
upon them by some individuals, who finding it hard to make money
of the estate, were glad to devolve it on the Treasury. IVhen the
papers which the Hon. Gentleman had called for were presented,
he would find that Government had done the best. If any means
could be devised of taking the business off the hands of the Trea.
sury, he would be very happy to give it up.
HU3IE said that Government ought to make the experiment
of emancipation on their own estates, rather than on the estates of
others.

Mr. BLA IR protested against that doctrine; if the Government
slaves were emancipated, it would operate to the prejudice of the
other proprietors.
Mr. Ilt:31E was still of opinion that they ought to be emanci-
pated or hired out. lie could show a letter from an individual who
declared his willingness to hire them.
Mr. BERRIES thought it would be wrong to accept the offer
while the Commission was still out.
Mr. HUME wished to make some inquiry respecting the
National Gallery. Ile saw that a picture by Corregio had cost a
large sum. (We believe the lion Gentleman said 2,580 guineas.)
Ile therefore wished to know, who was authorised to buy those
pictures._

Sir C: LONG said that a few year,' back, when the establishment
of the Gallery was first contemplated, the Hon. Gentleman had ex-
pressed his readiness to support the vote, in order to promote the
taste of the country. It was then the wish of many that Govern-
ment should purchase some large collections; but he (Sir C. Long)
had given It as his opinion, that it would be more advisable to pur-
chase pictures of great merit wherever they presented themselves.
No pictures had been purchased by Government but by the advice
of competent judges. He had no objection to mention the names
of the persons to whom he alluded : they were Lord Aberdeen, Sir
G. Beaumont, Sir T. Lawrence, and M. Segur.
Lord J. RUSSELL was not sure that the plan of buying only
the best pictures of the best masters would attain the great object
of a National Gallery, which was to exhibit to artists the history of
the art. This advantare was manifest in the gallery at Paris.
Sir C. LONG said, that though such a collection would be very
curious, as illcstrating the history of the art, yet he did not think
it advisable to 'Wopt that plan in laying the foundation of a Na-
tional Gallery.
Mr. HUM ) said IND had we taste ; tastes were various, and he
did not pretend to have any. He hoped, however, that Govern.
ment would take care to prevent any waste of funds. He then
objected to an item in the Civil Contingencies respecting the
payment of a sum of money to Mr. Findlayson, the accountant.
Mr. CROKER bore testimony to the abilities and industry of
Mr. Findlayson, who had devoted his time and assiduous attention
to the business on what he was engaged.
Mr. COURTNEY also added some commendations of Mr.
Findlayson's talents and conduct in the arduous matters in which
he had been employed.
Mr. HUME would not then object to the vote respecting West.
minster Abbey, after what had occurred on the fanner evening.
lle thought however that an enormous expense was incurred when
2.4001, was devoted to sending over to John the Sixth, King of
Portugal, the Order of the Garter. The honour thereby pristured
might be very great, but it was purchaatal very dearly. He also
objected to the item of 4001. for, as we understood, letter-carrying
in Jamaica, and some other Colonial items connected with the
extension of patents.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that as to
the matters objected to in respect to the Colonies, these fees were
paid in the sante manner as in this country. In regard to one of
those points, it was impossible to apply the mode which prevailed
in this country to persons going to the unhealthy climate of Ja.
males It could not be expected that in such aGM the etnolu-
merts of the first year should be taken from an individual.
Mr. HUME did not mean to deprive the present holders, but he
contended that John Bull should not be obliged to pay all for the
Colonies that they wanted for local convenience. The patents as
they WI in should be stopped.
Mr. MON('K agreed in that opinion.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT thought it very wrong that the Lord
Chancellor should continue to receive emolument from those fees.
Mr. WILMOT HORTON spoke, but in so low a tone as to
be inaudible.

Lord JOHN RUSSELL said that new emergencies always
arose to countenance and to perpetuate expenhe.
Mr. H 31 i objected to the sum of 4001. for the compilation of
anlotlex to the Statutes of Ireland.

Mr. (10121,1SURN observed thst the work in question was one
or great trouble. and at the same time of considerable utility.
Nlr. BUTTE/MONTH said a f;rw words.
Sir JOIIN NEWPORT agreed that the Index was valuable,

but he wished to know whether that sum would be
quired ? annually re.
Mr. HERRIES said that the vote for the Index Was reduerit low as
on an avera possige ble off
every it war. as more extensive than was to be expected ye
Mr. HUME objected to the item regarding the India itc.
eountant.
Mr. HERRIES said that was for a septume account foe the
army in India, and for settlement of money to the amount of
300.0001.
Mr. HUME thought if the item for the Tower passed there
should he no fees for public admission.
Mr. CROKER was not aware of any useless offices in the
Tower.

CiviA l
vote, no
in tto exceed 200.0001., was then passed to defray the
Contgencies of 1820.
52,D45)1. for his Majesty's Consuls General abroad was then pro.
posed, when,
Mr. HUME objected to the superannuation of Mr. Wise, ehr,
had been only twelve years in service, and ought to be sent a America in lieu of those raw young men who were stationed them
Mr. Secretary CANNING though it unjust to turn persona out
of service into starvation.

Mr.IIU3IE said his objection was to letting them be idle en pen.
stone when incompetent persons were sent to other places,
Lord JOHN RUSSELL thought discretion should be snowed.
Alr. Secretary CANNING was of opinion that if, according to
the objection of Mr. Hume, no discretion were given, it would leis
rain to expect that a correct report could ever be furnished.
Mr. HIJME said a few words, and the vote was then mimed.
IRISH MISCELLANEOUS ESTIAIATES.
Mr. GOULBURN stated that the unobjectionable votes wider
the head of Irish Miscellaneous Estimates, might be now taken
into consideration, and the votes which were objectionable, should
be deferred till Monday next.
After a protracted conversation across the table, in which lqr J.
Newport, Mr. Grattan, Mr. Hume, Mr. Goulbum. and 31r. Co.
ning took part, It wax agreed, on the suggestion of 31r. Canning,
that the general debate on the unobjectionable votes should
take
place on Monday, and when the Speaker left the Chair, and the
Chalrman.had reported progress, that the rote on Irish edufteloo
should be discussed.

111 ICE LLA NEOUS ESTIMATES.
ifr. W. HORTON. after a few observations on tl* Coloril4
Votes, which he intended to submit, vrornsed the item of 2.0001.
for the Bahama Islands, which, after • few words (rota
HUME, was agreed to.
The sum of 11000/. was then voted for Nova Scotia.
The following votes were then arapeed to :-
8,2471. for defraying the charge of the Civil Establishment of ;Le
province of New Brunswick, in America.
4,102/. for the Civil Establishment of the Is!and of Bermuda.
2,901)1. for the Civil Establishment of Prince Edward's Island,
America.
11,135/. for the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfound.
land; and
11,932/. for the Civil Establishment of New South Wales and
Van Diemen's Land.

On 15,4/21. ss. being moved for the Civil Establishment of Sierra
Leone,

Mr. fIUIVIE said he should reserve his objections to this vote for
an after period.

45,11111. 10s. 3d. was then voted to defray the charge of the civil
and military establishments at the settlements on the Gold Conti
and 2.442/. les. for colonial services, formerly paid out of the a.
traordinaries of the army.
On 1e,8321, being moved for the Society for the Propagation of
the Gospel,

Mr. HUME /mid he had been for three years endeavouring to
get a reduction of this vote. He thought it • most exorbitant
charge ; and not having succeeded in hih desire to get a reduaiel,
though he had opposed th- resolution for three successive years, be
should now press them to a division on his amendment, which*.
that the (louse should vote only 1,6421.
The gallery was then cleared for a division ; but we learnt that
the vote was agreed to, and that the House did not divide.
15,0001. were then voted for improving the water communication
between Montreal and the Ottawa, and from the Ottawa to Ring.
stun ; and 49,763/. for stores for the engineer department In New
South NVales and Van Diemen's Land, bedding and clothing foe
the convicts, clothing and tools for the liberated Africans at Stern
Leone, and Indian presents for Canada.
The House then reaunued, and the Report was o:dered to be
brought up on Monday.

CHARING-CROSS.
Mr. ARBUTHNOT moved for leave to bring in a Silica
Monday. for the improvement of Charing-cross.—Leave given.
Mr. ESTCOURT moved for leave to bring in a Bill for regn.
lating the licensing of alehouses in England.—Leave given.
The other orders of the day were then dispoicd of, and the HOUR
adjourned at a QUARTER BEFORE ELEVEN.

CHILE LOAN.—The EIGHTH HALF-YEARLY
DIVIDEND, on the above Loan, which becomes due on
the 31st inst. will be paid by 31essrs. Hullett, Brothers, and Co. at
their Counting-house, No. 102, Leadenhall.street, on that sad
every succeeding day (Sundays excepted) between the hours d
Ten and Two &Clock.
The Dividend Warrants, with a list thereof, in numerical
order, must be left for examination one day previous to the aputi.
cation for payment.
London, Match 17, 1826.
Messrs. liullett. Brothers, and Co. request the Bondholders to
take notice, Chit they will not consider it necessary in future to give
no,:ve of the payment of these Dividends, as the Dividend War.
rants state the time and place at which the acute are payable.

PRICES 011 P BRITISH
S pet Cent. Cons. Milli
Ditto Acct. 77t 76 771
New 4 per Cent. 951
Indlit Stock
Ditto Acct. 23t

PRICE 3 OF FOREIUN
Austrian Bondi 86}
Hrasilian Bonds 66 it
Htlello4 Ayres Bonds 581 60
Chi Hut Bonds 46 7}
Colombian Bond.
Ditto bonds (1824) 474 4 8 7; S
i 3
Ditto Acct. 474 4 8 i ]
Danish Bonds ;le2) 444 *
Ditto Acct. b4i 3 *
French Bente* b par Cent. 97t. en.
dir.
Exchange 2bf. 50c.
French Itentes 3 per Cent. 66f.
Exchange 25(.5)c.
Greek Bonds
Ditto Bonds (1825) 18

COURSE OF EXCH
Arneterdam . . C.F. 12
Ditto at eight
Rotterdam 211. 12
Antwerp • 12
llarnburgh ...... /... • .2i U 27
Altona ......... 21 U 17 /
Purim 3 dims' sight 2l GS

.2 U. 25 9CI
. . . L 5 VO

Ditto .
Bordeaux .
Berlin
Frankfort on .Mine Ex. M 139
PeterAburgh, 3 Ca. 9 0
Vienne', effective ti 2 M. 10 20
Trieste .
Madrid
Omits
Milne&
Barcelona
Seville .
Gibraltar

3at

STOCKS YESTICIDAY.
Ileitis eo& 3 2 poi
11 Li. Lilo 10001. 6 4 pm
Ditto SOW. 3 4 pa
Dino Simian S 4 pin
Lottery Tlekets 211. ll+.

ii I

STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Meelean Bonds
Ditto Bonds (1823) 633 it 4 32 42 4
i
Ditto Acct. IR j 4 SI 4
Peruvian Bonds 313 30 1
Portuguese Bonds 74 a d
Ditto Actt. 74
Prussian Bonds
Ditto Bonds (len) BB}
Russian Bonds 78
Ditto Acct. 78
Spanisb Bonds 10 9j le
Ditto Aect. 10
Ditto 510, 10*
Ditto te. 104
I Ditto Bonds (19= 7
Ditto Acct.

d

. .
THE BRITISH PRESS. .
road was then pro.
St=======emer .___.....__________________The
atet hi the rar . accounts before them, that hlinisters were aware of the useless ex- but he wished to know whether that sum would be annually ro . •
ERRIES said that the vote for h I .
lana. neve might have been exaggerations, and the effects of such deed, to a Select and Secret Connnittee, but to a tall and open thaei.r4 it was no matter worthy of his consideration,
c., pencliture in that department, and were wining to take meathres quiliriedr.
H?
interference might have been overrated. Thc subject was an im. Committee of the House, from which he thought much Mote good I 1... the whole annual expense for Ambassadors, teensule,
ai‘Uounted to onl 'mow. while for the year 11126 it amounted to for its retrenchment. t e telex Was reduem 11111
petting one; but yet, in his mind, there did not exist suaktent rea. would result.
sons fur the appointment of a committee. As the committee had Lord ELLENBOROUG II tithught i Committee of the whole nesrly half a tralrion. Ile would object to that state of exeenditora, Mr. EblrICE thought that Ministers had adhered too strictly to low as possible, for it was more extensive than was to be 4
eXpeet% .
beee eppointed,•hy not refer to them the state of the currency be- House would have enabled them to arrive at a more comet judge and, if the Committee would give hint their support, he would Be. the rule of excluding frnm the office of Consul persons who were on an averahe of every year.
11
Restive the reposition then bef it, end reduce the vote metal( actually engaged in trade. It waa impossible with that reariction Mr. HE 3IE objected to the item regarding the India sa
fore the Bank Restriction Bill P or, why not wait until the effect of tnent on ihe subject than could be formed from a Secret Committee.
COI
tiWoneis: there, Peel
:the experiment made in England "should be ascertained ? He could But the count of Parliament had been matt extraordinary. In a
i g 41
b • h • of effi. it at the ordinary salary. lie hoped, therefore, the Right Honour- Mr. HERRIES said that was for a sepal ate are
toe antountp It wane. rest isfortune that his Majesty's Ministers to find intelligent persona competent to the office, who would accept countant.
nougnt great sa.anee necessry to o tain t c eervices . eunt for th
not support the extension to ncotland of the Promiesory Notes Bill, time of great public distress. without atiy itiquiry whatever, they
whilst the =rate system had been found so advantaceous to the had adopted a measure with regard tolengland which could not be nount of
teent men ;he (Mr. Hume) was entirely of a different opinion. able Gentleman weighing the advantage of appointing proper army in India, and for settlement of nioney to the a e
interests of that country. and when he heard no eatficient reason effectual, even in this country. without a similar meaeure being e a e c ', ) ld • ee to sons not engaged in commerce. The abandonment of that rule Mr. HUME thought if the item for the T
High eateries made m n bore their duty and above their work. persons to fill those offices, would not confine the selection to per.• 300.0001.
If the Right Hon. Gentleman (.Ir. grating wou give no ic
ower passed (hoe
assigned to change it. If the present system watonot the cause. it extended in Scotland ; and yet they were now about to institute a .
certainly was cnntempmeneous with the pmsperiry of Sentient': to grave ingrary into the propriety of extending that very measure to all the parties concerned, that theirsalaries were to be reduced one. would encourage proper persons to fill the office, and the despatch should he no fees for public admission.
half, he (31r. Hume) was satleaed that the dut, would be as Well of consular business would be facilitated by the habits of comelier- Mr. CROKER was not aware of any useless offices in the
wee a homely phrase, the Scotch were the beat simffitioned people in that country. If this Inquiry were to be referred to a Committee Tower.
don I 1 d f I
Europe, and lie did not wish to disturb their present situation. of the whole House, he Iva, mire the result wnuld be that the mea-
-0 itnh 0 suegrhy i
icte,u
najnutal t otougtuhrtntopebr:::
. Time %eye perfectly contentri, and it was better to leave them so. sure would be abandoned as to Scotland and Ireland, for this See- eas at present. t was asoha . rom tle influence it had over cial men.
otheinferior officers, leading them into expense and Into a neglect Mr. HUME said, that it appeared to him that the country A vote, not to exceed 200.000 e, was then passed to d
era) tbe
He was disposed to oppose the appointment of a committee. The sion at least ; but he thought it imposaible thata Committee waist- r tner auty. It WWI quue• impossible that any Ambaseador could would be put to less expense if wealthy merchants were selected to Civil Contingencies of INlyMietaNirs.
till the office. He objected to the Commie being under the con. 52,0001. for his Majesty's Consuls General ab 6.
intended messura could be •nothing more than an experiment, ing of 5 Scotch, 4 Irish. and 10 English Peers, could conic. to a fair recompenee his country be. any services lie might perform for such
n enormous sum asllo,oool. Some years ago, a house was pur. trol of the Consuls General. He wished to ask the Right Ho. posed, when,
ffild
which was imedied for and =necessary, and entirely opposed to the decision, and monotince a sound opinion upon the question. But
cahased for the English Ambessador at Paris. at an expense of towable Gentleman what were the views of Government with re-
Amelert.icHe Uinelliefeuoohfjecthtosedetroawtheyosuunpgermanennuwathioonwoefre3Bltra.
wishes of the people of Scodarvi. It would have been more digni. if the Noble Earl (Liverpool) determined to press this measure in
• Ned in his Majesty's Gaternment (sad he did nut mean to cearge a way by which it was imprecticable fur the Howe to come to an 30,000 L, upon which occasion it Was stated that the annual ex- /Peet to the appointment of mercantile men ; and also he wished hadmrbee.
snecroentlayrytwce,ltyNe
e sent to al
then, With anounbmoming obstinacy) to consult the wishee of the opinion, founded on a eill and impartial reprot. he confessed it ap. pulse would be decreased in consequence of that purchase ; but the to know how the Consuls were paid.
trar hail been tha case ; and in the estimate before the Ilouse, Mr. CANNING explained. mee
people than to forto a meaeure upon them contrary to their incline- peered to hint that it would be a more digoified and manful. and a Ala 1-11:31E lamented to see the continued increase of this of service into starvation. Id
there a ypeared no less a sum than 12,0001. for repairs and furniture
branch of our expenditure. In 1792 it watt only Ile,oode, in Itils Meal U3l E said his objection was to letting them be idleon D n
tom. His Lordship thought the very appointment of a committee more statesman-like course on the part of Government, if they
would Nave bad effects ; when suspicion was so much alive, it would. came forward at once, and asked the House to pass the measure tar thephotel of the British Ambamador at Paris, which made
.. I. . or t e extraor mary expenses o a it had increased to 4•17,0001., and at present he believed it was still Mons when incompetent persons were sent to other place'. •ea '
be catty to convert it into alarm and a general want of confidence. without any Inquiry at all. 17 ret f h d' fth t mission for one
more. lie censured the purchme of a palace for the French erne Lord JOHN RUSSELL thought discretion should be agoea .
year ; it was 15,000/.last year, had gone on inereming every year,
bard 3IELVILLE thought his Noble Friend who had last , The motion was then agreed to.
anti be must say there was no limits to the extravagance. In the bassagem an example of inexcusable extravagance. He was sure Mr. Secretary CANNING was of opinion that if, accordoe"he .
spoken was labouring =dent mistake. He bat argued the ques. ARMY AND aIARINE MUTINY BILLS. that if the Right Honourable Gentleman had known the degree of the objection of 51r. Hume, no discretion were given, it would "ti .
tine as if a bill had been before their Lordshipe lit alter the currency These Bills severally went through • Committee, and the Re- Yew 1722,
' ' k 't. fhe distress which pervaded the country, he would not have allowed vain to expect that • correct report could evee be furnish he- 4
the embassy to France including extraordinaries,
amounted to 9,0001. only. He would wish to ae i some o t
em
of Scotland. The question was, whether (a committee being aro pone were brought up.
Ambaseadors to Foreign Courts were not for a whole year in Eng- such an inordinate expense. If all our establiehments were to be Mr. HIJ3I le said a few words, anti the vote was then pawed.
• pointed) all the petitions on the subject should be referred to thin Their Lordships adjourned at halfepast six o'clock.
land, at least be had reason to suppose such was the case, from a carried on on the sante scale, he could see nn limits lo the waste of IRISH MISCELLANEOUS ESTIMATES. 1
committee. A great deal of misapprehension t Meted upon the sub. --mwm---
statement he had seen to that effect a few days since. The extra. public money. He thought that if some of the Secretaries to em. Mr. GOULBURN stated that the unobjectionable votes uod
Met ; and with the knowledge of that feet. it was rather hard to HOUSE OF COMMONS, FRIDAY, MARCH 17. ordinary expenees on the estimate appeared to be 73,11611., which, hassles, who have nothing to do, were pet in the place of the Con- the head ef Irish Miscellaneous Estimates, might be now tomer fig
charge the Government with any unnecessary interference, when
•,- added tce130,600/. for the Consular appointments in South Ame. teas, it would effect a considetable saying. into consideration, and the votes which were objectionable * XI
they only attempted to ascertain the reel state of the matter. It ABOLITION OF SLAVERY. rica, 'and the ordinary expenses of salaries to Ambassadors, &c. in Mr. le ERRIES said a few words in explanation, which did not be deferred till Monday next. , shoull
, was proposed to cail the best informed persons before the commit- felt EDWARD KNATCHBULI. presented a Petition from E td • th h l to Do lois a stint thar, half a reach us.
urope, amoun e, in ew u a After a protracted conversation across the table, in which Kr.,
tee; anti what better plan could be devised to get at the truth. lilergate. praaing for the abolition of negro slavery. -inillion-a state of expenditure which he could not but consider re- Mr. HUME asked whether that sum of 73,0001. had formed a Newport, AD. Grattan, Mr. Hume, Mr. Goulbum. and Mr, Ca • I
The Noble Earl had spoken as if the appeintment of a committee Similar Petitions were presented by Sir IVm. Guise, from Hole • •
gutted explanation. part of last year's estimate. ning took part, It lIIIA agreed, on the euggestion of Mr. Cs ' 162
wield be prejudicial to the Ineereste of Scotland, but he begged to ford; by Mr. Byng, from the penal of St. Leonard's, Shorelitch; Secretary .• . , . a t at, n answer to e o serve- • •
Mr. ' C eNNING ald h i th b Mr II ERR lES said that the 73,0601. included all the money the* the general debate on the unohjectennable votes shout:nine' ,
tenure the Noble Earl that the persons who were Most opposed to by Mr. S. Whitbread, front Wallingfind ; by 3lr. W. Smith ,
t eons of the Hon. Gentleman, he would first advert to that part of Paid under that head, sad the vote required for the remainder. place on Monday, and when the Speaker left the Chair, and utlitli: 11111
any interferencevwith her banking system, were anxious fur en. from Overton. Serab, and several other parishes in the county of the subject which was not regularly before the Committee. the new alr. alll3lle said he thought that the Government ought to have C,heirmarohad reported progress, that the rote on Irish edueshea
geiry ; ate thereupon, all parties were cleirous tor rave:intrados, be Casobridgeg by Mr. Tremayne. from teatnel. in Cornwall. Consular entablishmentsa When be curate the consideration of the accepted the offer of the Duke of Northumberland to bear the ex- should be discussed.
1
amid not see haw it could be otherwise than beneficial. CURRENCY OF scon.AND. . question on coming Into oiSee, ate found the opinion Of the Home penses of hit embassage to fiance. lie begged leave to ask the 5110ELLANEOUS ESTIMATIe •
Tbe Earl of LIMERICK agreed with his Noble Friend the Earl Hr. WM. DUNDAte presented a Petition from the inhabitants fiad been taken and it bid determined that the nide of the country Honourable Gentleman how the money under the head of legal fess Hr. We HORTON. after a few obs • '3*
. creations on em
cr Aberdeen diet • remedy *head not boaPPlied wht" there was" et Edinburgh, praying that no alteration may take place in the should be relieved from tbe of the Coneulates-that they was &spewed of. • Votes, which he intended to submit. ici as the Cal°s'l4
expense t r p ed the item of 2,0004.
dWesse. There was no remelt etteigned for the intrutfaction of the currency of Scotland. shouldbe put on a new foMing, that fees ehniaa be abolished and Mr. el ERRI ES replied', that those fees did not go in any case for the Bahama Islands, which, after • few words f
Pew %yam into Ireland. It would he better to =Wand ascertain Mr. ELLIS said it must strike every Englishman that a strong salaries substituted in their stead.' Ho (Mz. Canning) begged the into the pnekets of individuals.; they went towards the fiends of the HUME. was ag-reed to. rota Mr. e
, the erect of the experiment upon England, and of he success in prejudice existed in Scotland against the introduction of any int- House to understand the b • h •
y catrying t at measure into e cm e
-M h public Am. In Rome cams they belonged to the emoluments of •
f lie sum of 11,500/. was then voted for Nova Sco i
t.a.
tete tourney he had tome doubts. Hemel(' not think that the sta•e prominent into that country. That could not be • flatter of doubt, had not pledced his own opinion on the enhject. lie had found the those offices. in others they contributed towards their maintenance. The following rotes were then enticed to :-
m' Ireland called for any change in the system of banking there: when it wag known thet Petitions were presented from every town l - -
pan proposed by the House ready to hie hand, and it wan his duty Mr. III:51E eaid it (was too bad to pity the hum of 94/. on being 5,2471. for defeaying the charge of the Civil Establishment f •Le
the very intiniation of such change had caused a great re. and city of Scotland except one against the Scotch Jury Bill. He to carry it into execution. In his (51r. Canningeo opinion, fees appointed Secretary to an embassy ; that was a monopoly which province of New Brunswick, in America. e' - ee
dueling) of prices in that country within • few weeks, and he was knew a ;tarty maned in Scntland which was opposed to ever 7 were best in sonie cases but he found it completely decided by the ought not to be supported. 4,102/. for the Civil }establishment uf the !Mind of Bermuda.
sem it would have still more neechievotts effects. The situation of plan. Mandell on liberal principles of commerce or of law, whieh House, who had laid it'down as a maxim that the burthen should 31r. II ERR lES in teply said, that the officers who received those 2,9001. for the Civil Establishment of Prince Edward' I Una M
Scotland was very different. In Scotland there was no specie, lett originated with 31inisters. Ile thought that the conduct of those be taken from trade ard laid upon the country ; and it was ton much, fees had important duties to perform, and a considerable portion of America. $ $ '
teat wa% not the case In Ireland. Therm paper was established Honourable Gentlemen who had disclaimed all inflammatory pro. h • '
tl e lion Gentleman (Mr. Hume) tonna round and their emoluments was derived altogether from fem. The Honour- 11 135/. for the Civil Establiehment f •
o the hand of Newfound.
unon a metallic basis, and small notes •could be easily converted ceedi hathl dbl nd which Mut contributed In his
nmi i y commen a e, a t eretore, for , .
bl G I h 11 b ' r 11 M. ' t ' '
plain of the exnense He could tenure the lion. Gent. that the a e ent man, e was sure, wou i not e sates te i 1 inis ers land; and
Imo gold ; and if those notes were withdrawn from circulation, the opinion to produce a calm and temperate discussion of the sle t comb .• ' were to cnme down next year with an estimate of the salaries of 11,942/. for the Civil Establiehment of New South W I
a et and
commercial and amricultural breve= would suffer materially. Attn. few words from 3lr. W. SMITH and 31r. DUNDAS,
eMc • job e had had to perform in the arrangement and settlement
Of cases for compensation, was one of the most difficult he had ever public officers founded on the abolition of fees. Van Diemen's Land.
bt
The Earl or LAUDERDALE had an objection to the motion The petition was brought up and ordered to be minted. undertaken. Of course he could not shoot in the crowd Mr. HUME wished to have some explanation respecting the On 15,4621. 53. being moved for the Civil Establiehm a
ent of eons
Wore the Home, and to the appointment of the committee which Slinger petitions were presented by Sir G. Murray, from the regardless f ho he miteht hit and the lion Gentleman might 20,000/. for the out& of Ambaseadors. It appeared to him that Leone,
lead been ordered. What was the origin of all the proceeding% re- Nobility, Clergy, and Commissioners of Supply of the county of - o'a
'el • e • ' - • h -it the experiment outfit had in some instances been repeated with the
pose, from the variety of intereets which were broug t un er
=ming the currency ? Why, it was topestore confidence. And he Perth ; by 3lr. Blair, from the county Pr Wigton ; by Lord C.
sup
-1 . 1 • • • • h tie f h c Id not he individual. Ale. HUME said he should reserve his objections to this vote for -
consit eration, us mutation in t e a justment o t em ou
would ask, whetlyte that object had been attained in England ?As St from the Inhabitants and Coinmissioners of Supply of the an after period.
Witte one rof cases had been considered Mr. HERRIES said that that only took place on an appoint- .
a very env . A great numbe . . . .
4a,1101. 101. 3d. wee then voted to defray the charge of the eine
yet, the meseure poised by Parliament hail no such effect ; and he county of Bute; by Sir G. eltinav Mien the Procurators of the during the last two years, and there were many still undecided. ment to a more expenswe situotion. .
asked the Noble Lord opposite to deny that aseenion if he could. Coarta of Law of Perth, and from eardele. The amount taken from the trade in fees, according to the return, 3lr. HUME said that there were some items whic
• hhe read with and military establishments of the settlements on the Gold Coast'
' The feeling in Scotland against the introduction of the new measure
and 2.442/. 10s. for colonial services, formerly paid out of the rt. di
SLAVE TRADE. appeared to be 61,150 e, and the system of the HOLM and the Ho. surprise. Under the heads of Antigua, Dominica, and Sierra
wee quite unanimous. Even at a public meeting,lately held in that
t ord• . fth
ra inane% o e army.
di
beone he saw char for silver boxes to keep the eat seal. Ile
country upon the etibject, there was only one pereon who seemed to Mr. F. BUXTON moved for a return ot Copies of all t7or. nourable Gentleman wee, that that sum sheuld be taken off the pri- , t . ges . gr . On 1f1,8321, being moved for the Society for the Pro •
sane ton the measure. That gentleman hed formerly been a gold- respondence relative to the Slave Trade in the Islands of Embalm rate merchant and be paid by the public. He (Ma Canning) was i hoped the security of the Colonies dtd not depend on tnose great
the Gehttel, parolee of
Of
smith ; anti he (Lord Lauderdale) could not otherwise account
• for his anti Mautities, received by his Majesty's Government.-Ordered. not called upon to say whether it was proper that trade should be i seals.
Mr. HUME said he had been for three years endeavouring to
boxes in which th
- veniality to • metallic eirrency, than by referring to the ster, told Alr• LITTLETON moved that the order of the 28th February relieved; it was sufficient for him that the decision had been come i Mr. CROKER seid, that those were the . e
ge• a reduction of thie vote He thou ht i• •m t bi
by Dr. Johnson of a tallow.chsaidler, who had sold hie establish- bud, fin a Mum from the Exchequer Bill Loan Office, be discharg. to, and he had executed it. The Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Hume) i seals of those leolontes were preserved. I i miglet appear to the
chMge ; and not h• . *s d • h•g da. " ex°' !tett
nano but reserved to himself the privilege of visiting the premises ed; which was discharged mordinFlY. , was aware that last year the Lerant Company was thrown open ; t Honourable Gentleman that boxes of tin or brass might do as well, ming succeeee in Is ewe to get a reducttee, il
• upon every melting day. One Noble Lord had recommended EPIRCOPAL UNIONS BILL. the amount nf fees of Consul* of that Company alone was 23,000/., but those boxes he believed had cost only 4/. a-piece. thought he had oppoeed the resolution for three successive years, be
should now press them to a division on his intendment, which ins at
10
Government to proceed boldly, and net regard the wishes of the Sir JOHN NEWPORT mimed the second reading of the Elko and by throwing open that trade the countty must pay thine Con. Mr.HUME said he onl knew that the country was char ed 613/.
y - '' •, g • that tbe liouse should vote only 1,6421. th
ample. Another Noble Lord had said the stature of the inquiry copal Unions Bill.-Committed. whites. The whole charge was 71.0801., and as 30,000/. was for them. Ile protested also against the people of Engan paying
Th 11
ega erg was then cleared for 4 division • but we I
Wal. obvious; but the Noble Earl at the head 0; his Majesty's SILK DUTIES ACT. always paid from the Civil List, these remained 49,0001. to be pro. for church.plate tor Sierra Leone. He also objected to the charge , , aunt that
t te vote was agreed to, and that the House did not divide.
Government, would find before he got through a Committee, that it Mr. GRANT brought up the rePoet Of the Silk Dutim Act.- Tided for by the House. The salaries to Consuls was fto,ooo/., and p , Iy,
for a service of late cano ) and picture, for the embassy at ' - •
would be better not toentroduce the system ago either Scotland or Bill ordered to be brought tn. to carry thy same into Meet. taking those of the Levant Trade at 11,0001. for the present year, Madrid, amounting to 6,1201. 15,0001. were then voted for improving the water communication ta
Iretana. 31 ESSAGE FROM THIg LORDS. made the amount 6140001. 'fhe 1-letuse chose to relieve the trade of Mr. HERMES said it was usual to furnish every embassy with between Montreal and the Ottawa, and from the Ottawa to ging.
A
mon ; and 49,763/. for stores for the engineer department In New
Earl GROSV ENOR explainel. A el &image frnm the Lords announced their Lordships...nit to the ceuntry of the charge of 61,0001, and he (Mr. Canning) did that a service of plate, which remained attached to the situation.
South eVales and Van Diemen's Land bedd'n and iothi
The Eari of LI V ERPOOL said, the Noble Earl was opposed the Scotch Jury Bill and several private Bills. fur 49,000/.. not according to hin own judgment, but according to Mr. HUME had understood that the regiments of Horse Guards . . • , •g . c ne for 61/1
to inquiry, and had recommended as a more dianified course to FRIA 1., OF OFFENCES. the convicts, clothing and tools for the liberated Atticans at Sierra
that of the Honourable Gentleman+ then he had effected a saving were paid separately, and lie had even been told that they were , . ,
o . o e an Indian presents for Canada.
en , a at
•
Minister% to proceed without delay to pass whatever measure they 51r. J. W. CHOKER brought in • Bin to enable Commis. on that head of 12,0001. With regard to thetConsulates of South maintained with eat economy • but he must object to the char e e
gr •' . ' The House then r 41 d
esunue ,an t e epo was en te to
h R rt d ed be ti
hart in contemplation. With respect to Ireland, the Noble Earl sionera for trying offences upon the Seal and Justicee of Peace, to America, there was the greatest notable in affixing proper regale- of trumpeters and kettle-drums fhe Coats of those trumpeters o es
(Limerick), who was opposed ln withdrawing small notes from cir. take examinations touching such offences, and commit persons to jimis, inasmuch as he was informed no lees than "41 each Those aud troo s le
it was impossible to decide upon any scale tor cnst, • , r . . g y p rought up on Monday. no
oulation there, and who hail approved so much of the present sys. sere custody. their expenses. He (Mr. Canning) bad had numerous returns, reminded him of the guards of Louis the Fourteenth, with whom CHARING-CROSS. Ai
tem ot banking in that country, should recollect, that no country ALEIIOUSES' REGULATION BILL. and' had endeavoured' as much us possible to shape a proper the romectable troops of England need to be advantageously Mr. ARBUTHNOT moved for leave to bring in a Rain tt
had suffered more severely by the failures of banks than that n. -elle. ESTCOURT said the Bill of thaad George Oth, for regu. standard ; but the House would me how difficult it AM to come comparea. He hoped the eine would come when the plain Monday. for the improvement of Charingwrom_Leave aver,. it
try. A few banks had been lately establithed there, but lating alehouses, had expired-that law was now extinct, and it to anything like a general decision, when he mentioned that only blue Windsor cloth worn by his late Majesty would be gene- elr. ESTCOURT moved for leave to bong in a Bilf'for rega. Ei
there was not time to know their edema ; and it should also be re. was therefore necessary to introduce a Bill for the regulation of the other day an instance came before him where a horse could be rally worn by our troops. He thought it shameful to weete lating the licensing of alehouses in Engtand_leeave given,
collected. that Scotland had suffered severely within the last fifteen those houses, otherwise there would be no law at all. Ile meant Purchased for a dollar, but it cost two guineas to get him shod, so much public money in the inelet of a starving population. The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the House 'a
years-perhaps she had suffered m much a§ England. There was to Introduce some alterations into the Bill which he intended to therefore it was impossible to say a priori what was or was not a He also saw among other charges, one of 3,8961. for the slaves adjourned at a Quo/tont wEromE ELEVEN, id
soother question ; could Scotland support her establielenents with. bring in, which he would Male tO the House. The fing had refe. proper expense. In reepect to the European missions, he (Mr. in Berbice. which on the capture of that Colony had fallen ip,.......meam00.0.._
.-..4 li
out the amistance of England 1 Could Scotland, in a period of dis. fence to the general licensing dam At present the licensing day Canning) had closely followed the report of 1111 e, the whole of tee into the hands of certain indiviuuale, who not teing able to make
~ OHILE LOAN.-The EIGHTH HALF-YEARLY 0
um avoid applying to England for support ? Had not the people took pace in the month of September, but as the magistrates had lament estimate being agreeable to that report, which was sane. those slaves profitable, applied to Government for assistance. ne
in,
11...., DIVIDEND, on the above Loan, which becomes due on mi
of Scotland applied to the Bank of England for relict ? If Scot. a discretionary power of nominating any day in the month for that cloned by Parliament. The reduction had principally taken place thought that they ouget to be emancipated, or some arrangement
the 3lst inst. will be paid by Messre. Hll B th dCo
u ett, ro ers, an .at
land aril Ireland could do without England, then Om woald he wpm, it Was often deferred to the close of the month, which was In the einbamies to smaller Courts. He (Mr. Canning) said that it ought to be made for their profitable employment. .
seine ground for allowing a different system to prevail in each coun. productive of great inconvenience. He wooid, in the new Bill. did excite hia greatest surprise to hear the Hon. Gentleman (31r. . .
Mr CHOKER %%id that with res ect to the trittn etere their their Counting-house, No. 102, Leedenhalastreet, on that sad
ery ; but, in point of fact, the countries were so connected that it him the licensing ill in the Same month (September), and would Hume) object to have Ambaseedors from England at those Courts. dress was P . P e every succeeding day (Sundays excepted) betw the h d
that which was usual in the household since the time of ,
fen and Two o'Clixe
i
would be finwite to eetablish different spinets of banking in each. propose that it shoul be competent fur the magistrates to adjouro It Wag tlue that their high heads had been laid low, but it did not Honey VIII. If the Hon. Gentl.eman had any acquaintance with ,
The Dividend eVanants, with 1' tth f ' . 1
a is ereo , in numerics
The Earl of LAUDERDALE did not rise to enter upon any their sittings, without a ttett interval than six days, which woeld follow that they were always to remain in that situation in which old pictures he would know that it was the same cesturee. .
order, must be left for examination one day previous to the appla
discumion, but to explan. The Noble Earl opposite had said that remedy the evils of the m
• er Act, and greatly facilitate those to destiny had lately place?! them, thaw, hear) and it would be highly Mr. BLAIR made some observations, which were inaudible in . .
cation tor payment. .
if the banks of Scotland could do without the insistence of England cense'. .4.nother alteration would he, that there should be a clause unbecoming in England to witlidenw her Ambassadors from those the gallery.
London, March 17, 1826. I
it, would not be necessary to interfere with the system establiehed in the Act to oblige the parish officers to give notice to the maga. Courts on that account. The Hon. Gentleman had taken initiate 31r. HERRIES said with respect to the slaves in Berbice, the
Menem Bullet. Brothers, and Co. request the Bondholders to MI
there ; but the people of Scotland had a% much nght to apply to trate% of the Scullin, that it might be as well known and public as lar objection to the expense of the French Embassy, which, he Treasury had not received the report of the Coinmissioners am
take notice, tint they will not coneider it necemary in future teen 41
Governinent for teller as the people of England had, and if the PoleihlC aathethird altenttiOn which las would propose would have mid, was 30,000/. and might be 50,0001., but lie must be aware Pointed to enquire into their conaition. The Treasury had indeed
noore of the payment of these Dividends, as the Dividend War. al
Noble Earl had notrefueed to nem Exchequer tills, the deputations reference to the form of the license. At present the eignature of that the expense of one year was not to be termer! the annual ex- received offers from some individuals respecting those slaves, which
rants state the time and place at which the e are bl
Me e•
would have lied nooteution to apply to the Bank of England fur a two magistrates n'ai sufficient. out of 20 who sat at the meeting pense. The Hon. Gentleman was aware that, in the Paris Mission, offers, however, Government could not accept, for want uf security , P
loan. If the bankers in Scot' ind were proprietors or Bank of England of magistrates a hen the license was granted. The alteration he very extensive repairs were required in the residence of the Ambas. fur the proper treatment of the slaves. - - 4 a
notes, ho supposed the Noble Earl (Liverpool) would not deny that would propose in this particular would be, that the names of the gather. In 1314 an hotel was ordered to be purchtuad and furnish- Mr. HUME was surprised to hear that several hundred able- PRICES Olf BRITISH STOCKS YESTERDAY.
1
p,
they might have the same right to come to ogland eor the pay- magistrates sheeld be stated in the body of .the license, and signed ed, the cost of which lin 1100,000 francs: Forsome years after that bodied men were unable to support themselves, and obliged to seek 3 par Cent. Cons. 771 gI I g India Bonds 32 pm
meet of those notes, as the Bank of France would possess if they by the mejority of the maxistrates. He then moved for leave to no expense teas incurred; but for the last five or six yeart of Sir aid from Government ; but whatever Government touched was sure pato Aect._77l 11 1 7i4 771 Ls. lOUs 10001. 6 4 pea
• 'were in dm same situation • and that was all that the people of bring in " a Bill to regulate the Licensing of Alehouses." Charles Stuart's residence considerable repairs were required. In to go wrong, else they wuuld not be paying 3,8001. for an ill-ma- itlehro4shoecrhCem• 951 iI 4 Ditto 500 e. 54 pm
el
nine entail s 4 pm
Ecotland would have to bo.la upon that subject. lic wiehel there. Mr. HUM% mconded the motion of the Hon. Member, He 11124, 12,0001. was stated to be required fur that purpose, and in naged estate. Ditto Acct. 233 Lottery Tlekets 211. lie. t
fere to take this opportunity of staying, notwithstanding what had thought the law required amendment. There Was a petition laid on consequence lie (Mr. Canning) had directed a surveyor to bc sent The Cll ANCELLOR or the EXCHEQUER said that it was
been thrown out by the Noble Earl as to the banks of Scotland the table of the House, which stated that 27 houses were licensed over to examine into tee state of the building. Mr. Smirke was totally out ot' the power of Government to regulate this matter. PRICEe OF FOREIGN STOCKS YESTERDAY. il
leaning on the Bank of England for support, thet aa far as his in. in one town under the exclusive influence of certain brewers, who accordingly appointed to make a survey, and he reported that such They had never sought that onerous duty ; but it was thrown Austrian Honda reli Mexican Bonds t
. formation extended on the subject, the banks of Scotland had no hatl an interest in them. Five hundred inhabitants had petitioned another house was not to be got in Paris, and that to make the upon them by tonie individuals, who finding it hard to make money Breathitt' Bonds 66 g Ditto Bonds ,:1831) 631 it 4314 l 4 t
. ouch leaning. and, what Was more. that there had existed no ocea. to procure a license for an individual of excellent character ; but as building weather.tight betweep 40001. and 11000/. would be neees- of the estate, were glee to devolve it on the Treasury. IVhen the itUdllo4 Ayree Bonds WU 60 i 4 I
• Mon tor any such leaning : nay, he =laid venture to siy, that as mine relations of the brewers were magistrates, the license was re. rimy, anti orders were given by the Treasury to the Board of papers which the Hon. Gentleman had called for were presented, Chiller, Bond. 46 74 Ditto Acct. PI 1 4 31_4 a 6 I
leng as the Noble Earl pereoted in having in this country a Bank fused. He would retecomend the Hon. Member to introduce a Works for the repairs to be effected. The Board of Wore% sent he would find that Government heel clone the best. It' any means Colombian Bonds Peruvian Bonds 311 30 I 1
possessed of exclusive privilege', it would be in vain fur private clause into the Bill, which would enable a person of good character over 3lr. IVyatt, and to his ( Mr. Canning's) utter astonishment, could be devised of taking the business off the hands of the Tree. DittO Bonds (1524) 471 184 74 2 r4trtt:!=te 7.rde 74 6 1 e
i 3
bineers to depend on such a resource. Whilst, however. the Bank to obtain a licenee, who should be retommeteled by two.thirds of be reported that the mm of 17,000/. was nemesary for the repairs sury. he would be very happy to give it up. Di t
tto Acct. .171 1 8 1 1 1 1 Pmssian Bonds
A
of Ergland continued to be the exclusive proprietors of the right of the inhabitants of the place where he intended to establish himself, of the building, and 7000/. for the repairs of furniture. lie (Mr. 31r. HU3IE said that Government ought to make the experiment
r
Danish Bonds ;len) 441 1 1
coining goll in this enentry, it was to that Bank that the people He thought it was only right to mien die door a little wider to per. Canning) then advised that the house should be sold, thinking an. of emancipation on their owu estates, rather than on the estates of Ditto Acct. 641 1 e
and his Majesty's Ministers must look for a supply of gold.
The Earl of LIMERICK explained. mit versions of good character and respectable recommendations to other eligible one might he procured and some saving effected. The others.
obtain licenses.
' The Duke of ATHOL said that Mauch a measuie as that pro- On the motion that leave be granted to bring in the Bill, report on that point was however entirely discouraging as to the Mr. BLAIR protested against that doctrine; if the Government die.
propriety of doing RO. It was stated that the number of houses of slaves were emancipated, it would operate to the prejudice of the l';xcheefe 251' s°e• Ditto fiends 9829) MI 1
Russian Bonds 78
Trench Rental 6 per Cent. Kt. es. Ditto Acct. 78
Spaniels Bonds 10 91 10
Ditto Acct. 10 1 • -4
.4
1
French dente,* 3 per Cent. 661. Ditto 510, lot
poled to be adopted had been carried into effect at an earlier period, Mr. LOCKHART said he tuought the quality of the ale was to that description hat! greatly diminished in Paris, the dmaiption of other proprietors. t
Exchange 25f. 40c. Ditto fee 104
1
•he was quite satisfied that the taxes which Scotland paid at this be considered, as well as the character of the vender. It was ne. house being like that of Devorathire or Burlington House in Lon- Mr. Ilte3lE was still of opinion that they ought to be emanci. Greek Bonds I Ditto Bonds (I8M) 7 .
moment would have suffered a most material depreciation, from her ceseary that he should have a good character and the reputation of don, which were particularly. desirable from the courts in front. An pated or hired out. lie could show a letter from an individual who mud Bonds (18251 18 I Ditto Acct. I
lostof that prosperity, which, under her present eystem, else had NO selling good and palatable ale. lie thought those points of more intimation was given in l'ans, that a house was wanted for a short declared his willingness to hire them. , o i
* amply enjoyed. This therefore would be a subject for the serious importance than the disqualification of magistrates. period, as was supposed, while the repairs was effected, but the 31e. BERRIES thought it would be wrong to accept the offer COURSE OF EXCHANGE YESTERDAY.
' consideration of the Committee; and it would come also before the Sir M. W. RIDLEY said it was absurd to require& certificate P
rices demanded were such as to preclude negotiation. At the same while the Commission was still out. Amsterdam . ....C.V. 12 Leghorn et I
Committee to inquire how far Scotland was dependent on the Bank from every man who drank A pint of beer. The other suggestions, time applications were made, from persons of all parties, stating Mr. lIU3IE wished to make some inquiry respecting the Ditto at sight
of England, and how far, during the la•e degree:tee, the banks of relative to the assent of the inhadaitante, would destroy competition, their retnonstrances, that the British Ambassador's house should be National Gallery. Ile saw that a picture by Corregio had cnst a Rotterdam 3to 12 Venice
that country had pressed On the Bank of Englend in an unusual (hear, heart. without which they could not expect to procure good parted with, from the effect that it would be likely to have on the large sum. (We believe the lion Gentleman said 2,51 M guineas.) Antwerp • 12 Malta I
manner ? Saxes Committee had been appointed, he deprecated articles. (Hear, hear.) minds of the French people and that it was a !subject nf the Ile therefore wished to know who was authorised to buy those liamburgh ...... /•••••111. 87 Naples
' . ' Altona .. ......... .....2 U. 37 r Palermo .... . ...... pareallf
any partial discussion of these questions, and thought their Lord. Leave was then given to bring in the Bill. deepest political importance that it should be retained, as England pictures.
2rs 65 Lisbon
ships might to defer their obeemations until they had the benefit of ;you It l' LA WS. wan the only country, except one, that had such a residence in Sir C. LONG said that a few years back, when the establishment Mule, a davit. sight
Ditto - 2U.25 90 Oporto
the Report of that Committee. Mr. HEATIICOTE inquired of 31r. Sergeant Onslow when it Paris. A t length the repairs were determined on, and IlloeVyatt's of the Gallery was firm contemplated, the Hon. Gentleman had ex. Bordeaux
Viscount CLIFDEN 'thought the country would be glad to weshisintention to move the second readingot the Rill on the Usury estimate was cut down to twelve thousand pounds; ana it would be pressed his readiness to eupport the vote, in order to 'promote the Berlin
learn that it was intended to institute an inquiry into the state of Laws, or whether he had entirely abandonedat ? seen from tlw ettisements maile, that the retaining of' the house was taste of the country. It was then the wish of many that Govern- Frunkemt on Mabee Ex.M -136 Buenos Ayres ....... - , i
• the currency of Ireland and Scotland. lle beseeched his hlajeety's elr. Sergeant ONSLOW said that he had not abandoned it, but of importance, when the Ruesian Ambassador wes the only other ment should purchase some large collections; but lie (Sir C. Long) Petersburib, ebbs 3 Us. 9 0 Dublin, 21 days' eight ...... It
\
I
Ministers to proceed with the measure. In the year 1819 or 11120, that he hoped the Chancellor of the Exchequer would have taken it Ambaseador who had one. In reepect to the general expenditure had given it as his opinion, that it would be twee advisable to pure a/17"Th 66'1" 8 ' 2M• 113 „„,20 Cerk
SCLLION. FIR COL /1
no lees than nine banks broke in Ireland : one of them was up. His intention ITU 01 briug it forward, whenever the opinion of Ambassadors, he could say it far exceeded their salary and chase pictures of great merit wherever they presented themselves. airatell 7::-•••••••••" - • - 4. ea
. ........... .... Se
great Dublin bank, whom circulation covered all the middle of the Home should think most proper. allowances, and he had confidence in saying, that Lord Granville No pictures had been purchased by Government but by the advice mons 365 Portugal Gold, in coin .. 04 0
counties. No man could conceive the misery which ensued from The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER mid that the cm:aided half an much more as he derived from his office. Ile of competent judges. Ile had no objection to mention the names Mabee
16 Foreign Gold, in bars. .. I le 4 'i
that failure. There nem was a greater mass of wretchedness in child had been laid at the door of a person to whom it did not be. must say that the Hon. Gentleman (3lr. Hume) was mistaken in of the persons to whom he alluded : they were Lord Aberdeen, Sir Barcelona.- ....... ..... 86 New Doubloons
.1
any eountry than resulted from that calamity. It was therefore of long. (A laugh.) He would suggest the 10th of April next. respect to that niiseion. tit saying that the amount of the expen- G. Beaumont. Sir T. Lawrence, and M. Segue. Seville
the greatest importance that these country banks atrium be pre. Mr. orMEe objected to that time, as many 3leinbens would be dlture for that year was the annual expense. There was only one Lord J. RUSSEL!. was not sure that the plan of buying only "gilt" 3l Silver, in bars, standard.. 00 0, ''.l
vented from springing up again ; and he trueled the Noble Earl moved at the Quarter Sessions. other point on which he thought it necessary to observe, which was the best pictures of the best masters trout! attain the great object PRICES OF SHARES YESTERDAY. ''
.;
opposite (Liverpool) would persevere in the inquiry. The lose on the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER then prommed on the extraordinary expense ; and the Hon. Gentleman (31r. of a National Gallery, which was to exhibit to artiste the history of
such occasions generally fell on those classes that were the lease that the second reading of the Bill should be fixed foe the loth Hume) would recollect that a epecial embassy was sent on the ac. the are This advantare IVOR manifest in the gallery at Paris. 111111111.
Share. Paid. , I
able to hear them. Although his property lay in some of the coun- April.-Agreed to. ceesion of the present Monarch to the throne of France. That in. Sir C. LONG mid, that though such a collection would be very oegiamemean „_a ............. ...me* 46 Vial, i
tie. that were affected, vet he did not him/afloat five pounds by COMMITTEE OF SUPPLY. dividual (the Duke of Northumberland) was to pay his own ex- curious, as integrating the history of the art, yet he did not think Butanes
the mimeo og. the banks e sor did.ins agents sustain any serious Mr. BERRIES having moved the Order of the Day on the emus, which tould not be done under 311,000/. 'the Government it advittable to adopt that plan in laying the foundation of a Na. Bratillan
loss. It was not the agents whn suffered, became they were men Comerdnie of Supply, the Howie resolved iteelaisseawideerememee within.); Mmay a proper respect to the Noble Duke, insteed of tional Gallery. Brltieh Iron
imeagarity and sense, and knew how to guard agalnet such mei- thereon. He said the paperslaid before the House showed the nature offering a sum or hioney, detelelfitieeteetn the name of thy Sovereign, Mr. HUM E said hat had ne mate ; wart were various, and. he Chillan
, 'e
dents •it Was the middling and lower classes of people who sulfated. of the vote they had given lint year. Two hundred thousand to present him with an elegant diamond sword of 10,000/., being did not pretend to have any. He hoped, however, nut Govern. -8411e"*"."111- .4................n05n 114 10 id:s
And should such a system be allowed to contitiue ? Why, he bad pounds WM now ;emitted far civil cootingestaies. .. -...... • not half the amount of the etlenee.beelead incurred, nnd Ono eum ment would take care to prevent any waste of funds. He then United atextera
Ditto New ... ." . ....................
• learnt that ih the enunty of Northampton a bank had failed, whose On the item a the Civil Contineencies being put, was included in the extraordinary expenses. The House would objected to an item in the Civil Contingencies respecting the Welsh Iron &Nicola ..... ....
24 20 11415
debts amounted to 1214,0001., while •the assets were only 11,0001. Mr. HUME objected to it. Ile said the expenditure was too see the impossibility of pressing any pecuniary aid on the Noble payment of a sum of inoneato Mr. Findlayson, the accountant. 1111eaLLANIOUI. I
He confessed, then, that he had a horrorfor these one and two pound great by half for tee country to hear. The expense of Ambassa. individual ;at the same time they could not let the matter pass Mr. CROKER bore tesumony to the abilities and industry of Australlea..... 100 6 1,14
........ .............
•
mom He was therefore glad st the prospect afferded to the dors and Consuls was 500.0001. The &defies of Consul...6mm' without sonic acknmeledgment-something to show to his family Mr. Findlayeon, who had devoted hie time and assiduous attention Modem lOO 10 Olen .
country of the preent unfortunate system soon coming to an eel. and Consuls was leo,ooo/.; other allowance% lil.oool. Consuls in of les honourable mission. (Hear, hear.) With reepect to the con. to the business on what he was engaged. •1
The Earl of CA RNARVON thought their hardships had el. the Levant 1190010-which madea total of 79.0001. And then the 'dates, he would say three were circumstances in the regulation he Mr. COURTNEY also added some commendations of Mr. ENGL ISH OPERA-HOUSE.
heady been proceeding in a most extraordinary manner ; because ameunt chargeable on the Civil Lisa let the eateries of Consuls. was not prepared to defend ; but though the subject was no child Finillayson's talents and conduct in the arduous matters in which d
one Most important question wee, whether such a measure as had General and Consult' which was 30,0e0/., being deducted, left of hie, still he should do his duty to the best of his ability. he had been employed. . The Public are respectfully Informed that they will f‘
MR. MA ftiEWs AT HOME
been adopted in England should he extended to ecntbied and Ire. 49,000 e, The sum, therefore, of 101,0001., added to 326,000/., air. BERNAL objected to two Ocilla which appeared in the Mr. HUelle mould not then object to the vote reepecting West. mios o 1 '• Witt VM h Ili IA h 1 1 gnWrti'l.
ven ng, SA , /A , arc , t an ent re y neW
land, OT whetht•r they &hexed aeopt the suggestion, which, to his would make the whole for the year no less than 501.0001. estimate for snuff boxes, one to the Danish and the other to the minster Abbey, after what lied occurred on the former evening. meat, founded on kb; Observations on Characters, Illannwe
great surprise, had been made to their lentlehips, to assimilate He (Mr. Hume) would entreat his Majesitya Government to con- Russian Minister. Ile thought however that an enormous expense was incurred when and Pecullaritiee, entitled .
tee practice of England to that of Scotland. On a former occa. eider whether ti•ey could go on at a regularly increaeing rate of ex. Mr. Secretary CANNING said that, with respect to the pressen- 2.5001. was devoted to %ending over tn John the Sixth, King of MIL BiIATHEWS' INVITATIONS.
slon he admitted that the arguments imed in support of the measure pens., on account of those eervicalwhich bad already arrived at the tation of entia.boxes, it was A usage of the greatest =equity, upon Portugal, the Order of the Garter. The honour thereby prioured 90,1011 IN PART li-“Twopenny Post"--"Thpsyind a.SCOri
r ten wel •
on regarded England had not convinced him of ite propriety: amount of nearly half a million. With reseect to the Coneulaies the ratification of commercial conventions, and it so happened that might be very great, bet it was purchased very dearly. lie oao Quesdrilles"-" Visit to the Indian Opera."
ome,eally as noteiim had been obtained then the Bank in limi- in South America, he agreed as to their netemity ; but he called of late the number of those, from the state of circumnances, had objected to the item of 4001 f d t ti 1 •
. or, as we ur. ers oo , etter-carrying el Key.m._44
140TOS IS PART ii:•-" London at F.re .n e
General Election." '$ th Morolor-" it It" .
lettnn of its privneges • all that was proposed Was a gratuitous sue. upon the Right Ilon. Gentleman (Mr. Canitingl to reduce the num. increased. lie wished to mention, that since he haul spoke of the in Jamaica, and some other Colonial items connected with the
rind,: on their part. 'Without any inquiry whatsnever, there had' ber of the diplomatic sitnations in Europe, in order to meet that expemes incurred by the ambassador at P •. he had ascertained extension of patents. PAST 111.-A Monopolylogue, to be called
THE CFI' 1- BARG E !
prised through Mat House, !Ma few ems, a moist important Bill, necessity. Ile hehl in his hand an accnunt of the different theist. that it amounted to double the amount of hihsalary anti allowances, The CHANCIeLLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that as to Eight different Characters by Mr. Mathews.
deciding the question as to latglend; he hoped they would' not matie miesions of England at Foreign Cosine, by which it iippeered as he had befere stated. the matters objected to in reepect to the Colonies, these fees were
havg tn repent the decision which they had so !testily come to. that there were eetabliehmente in France, Austria,Anierica, Bavaria, Mr. BA RI NG was understood to ezpress his regret that, ac. paid in the same nianner as in this country. In rega d t
r o one of Rows open at Seven; the Performance. to commence at Elan.
Ile formed his opinion upon the question from a conviction Denmark, Russia, Spain, Constantinople, Prussia, Brazil, Two cording to the present regulation, C1M61113 were prevented front being those points, it was iniposeilee to apply the mode which prevailed .._.....
that the systems of currency of the two countries of Scotland end Skillet, Wirtemberg, tummy, Tuscany, Germanic Diet, Switzer- merchants. SS he considered the salary of rfoot, which might be a in thit country to pereons going to the unhealthy climate of Ja. ADELPHI THEATRE.
England wete fountled on base% essentially different. He theeefore land, Persia, Portugal, &a; and he would ask Mille country. in its proper allowance, did not enable them to aseociate with dune IlllnC3. It could not be expected that in euch a C.ISe the etnolu- LAST NIGHT OT TRW SWAAOS. '
could not but think the late measure WAS a most hasty and a most depressed state, was able to beer the increasing charges of such highly respectable and wealthy indeviduals embarked in commerce. merts nf the first year should be taken frotn an individual. This Evening, SATURDAY, March Id, will be performed
extraordinary proeeeding; and this measure had been resorted to establishments. He (Mr. Hunie) "route ask where was the neees. Ile cauld not hut notice that an exception to that general rule ex- Mr. Itle3lE did not mean to deprive the present holticra, but he the Nato teal But-lett& of .•
at a moment when property and pecuniary credit stood upon the say of ambassadors to such places an Wittemberg, Tuscany, Sax. isted al Ameterdant and Rotterdam. conteeded that John Buil should not he obliged to pay all for the n I 1 o THE PILOT.
T P Cooke, tol4 J.
epr nc pal C. erecters by Mes,srt. Terry, Tates, . • •
meet ticklish foundation • when, instead of seting thus. they ony, ane places of such minor imenatice as tem.-places poetess. Mr. Secretery CANNING mid, that certainly the highly re- Colonies that they wanted ter local convenience. 'the patents as Reeve ; Mrs. Fitxwilliam, and Miss Roden. -
ought to hare applied healing nieasuree to the existine wound. ing no influence in the affairs of Europe, and therefore ausbaundors spectable gentlemen filling these situations at the ports memento! they fell in !Mould be stopped.
Rut if the House were to go into this partial inquiry, why to those places were altneaher oarless and unnecessary. 'there was were merchants. but they had been so prior to their appointment. Mr. MONCK agreed in that opinion. After which a Divertleeement called
THE VILLAGERS.
f •
Omuta lt not be by a Committee of the whole House? The Com. an Envoy to Switzerland aleo,whiefi might be proper it those States The general regulation was to moven Consuls becoming mer- tar JOHN NEWPORT thought it yen, wrong that the Lord
MUM, as apPointed would consist of a majority of English Peers ; were leading States; but the tin wan, two or three of the larger chants after they had been so appointed. Chancellor should continue to receive emolument from those fees. To which will be add.sd the favourite Borten& of
THE MARRIED BACHELOR. e .
and of whom ?He SSW emetic them nearly the same committee powers directed every thing, and those he feel mentioned were of no AD. SYK ES was of opinion-that we maintained an unteasonable Mr. WIL3IOT HORTON s k b ' I
- Ch
1 C • h Day Coot..
po e, ut in so ow a tone as to Sir ar es ourtall, Mr. Yates ; Sharpe. Mr. NA renc ;
an Oat in 1819; and whenever the banking system and the queen= of iniportance. He (Me. Dome) would next refer to the extreme number nf Consuls in the South of Europe. In Italy we had be inaudible. Wee Curties ; Grace, Mrs. Fitiwidiam. .
geld was to be diseuseee.he could not but look with great distrust to a dinary expense% nf !tome of atom missions, particularly of thet at eiglit, in Spain seren, ft nunlike grate disproportioned to our trade Lord JOHN RUSSELL said that new emergencies always The admired Scene from .
Coentuidee sio composed. If the ihquiry were left to the me:lams Paris ; the extraordinary expenses actiording to the memate before with these countries. On the other hand, we had but two Consuls arose to countenance and to perpetuate expense. THE AIM,/ Ole GF.NOA. nce. it .
of that ciennattee, they would endamour to gather the hioetoms the House being 17,5721., which, with the sum of 13,0001. for iii Sweden (that is to say, one at Stockhnliu and one at Gotten- Mr. I-11131E objected to the teen of 4001. for the com ilation of Strapado, litr. Blanchard ; Runt., Mr. Bradley (their larst aindaTe ,
P .
of bullion from Caledonien thistle*. (Laughter.) But why were ma'am, made the annual expense not less than 30.0001. per annum. burgh); we hail but one Consul in Norwuy mel one in Deninerk, an Index to die Statutes of Delete,. this Theatre'.
they to propose in this hour of emergency to change the currency Ile would-ask woe it proper or becoming to pay to one diplomatic countries with which we carried on a considerable trade. The oh. Mr. (lOU IaiURN observed that the wo k • A Farewell Address on the close of the Season.
r in question was one
*
of Scotland, without any human being having alleged the slightest =ration alone, a sum equal to the whole e se of the Government vious inference from tide was, that we hail either too many Consuls of great trouble. and at the same time of considerable utility. To conclude with the Pintomin" of
HARLEQUIN AND THE WIZARD DWARF. ~,,o.
objection to the existing system ?It soy such allegation had been of America fur the sante period ?It was lees for him to object in the -Ituthern States or Europe, or too few in the Northern. He air. BUTTERWOII TH said a few words. e•
Mott • clown, signor Fe-
mme he should readily have submitted to this inquiry ; Lot, in. to those nape; but lie would met it to the iltht Hon. Gent. Wile- hoped lat the Houk might draw one consoling inference from the Sir JOH
V
N NEIVPORT aimed that the Indcz was valuable ill`legnia' Idr.W.
, Kirby , Pantaloon, Mr. E .
Columbine, Mrs. Mien,. •
.
.
t
. _ _._ . .. _._ . _ .... .
. • _ .. . .
.
.
.
