officers who were in the eexrt ofZesalera, had &d seth him to
Beibuegs, and that they were the only ones who followed him.
The King was still at St. Eldefoose.
6` We have just received by impress the following news from
Madrid, dated the 22i1 at eleven o'clock at night.
, " Beesieres wbo had succeeded in collecting about 20 men, has
now no more than 20 with him.

" On the 20th he was at lUaranchon, on the road to Arragon, N.
lowed at the distance of two leagues by $0 carabineres of the guard,
who were in pursuit of him.
" The people, the army, and the civil authorities emulate each
other in their zeal for the King's service."
LFrom the Quotidienne of Sunday.]

The Duke of Wellir.gtoa has quitted Paris, and people ask
what was the object of his visit ? In whatever mystery his Graces
proceedings have been involved, it is known, or at least it is
affirrr.ed, that in the conferences between our 3linister and the
English General some resolution was taken with respect to Spain.
Some persons, who are doubtless ill-informed, assert. that the
Cabinet of London and ours have mutually engaged to get the in-
deper.dence of the Spanish colonies recognised by Spain. That
on this condition England will give pecuniary aid to King Ferdi-
nand, who would engage besides to assemble the Cortes, In order to
give a Representative Government to his people; and first to publish
a general amnesty for all political misdemeanors.
Though we are little disposed to augur favourably of the policy
of our 31inisters., we cannot believe the existence of so extraordi-
nary a treaty, because it seems to us incredible that our statesmen
'should carry their infatuation so far as to make France the instru-
ment of the English policy, especially to second it in itaplan of
encroachment with respect to the Spanish colonies.
. _ . _ _ _

As for interfering to give the Spaniards any form of Government
whatever, such a project would be almost as disastrous as the war of
1808 has proved ; and we do not think that such a resolution should
be taken without consulting first Spain and then the o:her European
Powers. It is poasib'e that England may have tried to induce
France to recond the polity which it has adopted with respect to
Spain ; but we repeat, that it is impossible our Cabinet can bind
itself to rropoaals so contrary to our true interests and our rela-
tions with the Spanish Monarchy.

Last night we received New York Papers to the 2d inst.
The dispute between Georgia and the Federal Government
is not closed. The Georgians maintain their claims with
the greatest obstinacy. The Grand Jury of Milledgeville,
in that State, have found bills of indictment against the
Indians who killed General Mac I\Toslt, and one of the'
Judges of Georgia bas forwarded this information to the
President of the tlrtyrin STATES. No proceeding can he
more unjustifiable or absurd than this. The Georgians
know well that those Indicts were altogether independent
of the authority of the United States, and had just as
good a right to execute an offender against their laws (which
they allege MAC INrosit was) as the Georgians them-
selves. A Boston Paper recommends the next Grand
Jury of the Creeks to present Governor TROUP of Georgia
as a maniac, and the members of the Georgia Legislature
as " a grave collection of noodles." Perhaps this would
be the fittest way of dealing with them. We have in
another place given a letter from an agent of the Federal
Government, in which he notifies to the Governor of
Georgia that all intercourse between them is suspended.
The Treasury of the United States has given orders that
the money of Georgia shall not be received in payment of
sales of land, though the money of Alabama and Louisiana
both continue to be received.

The recognition of the independence of Hayti has produced
a very general sensation of surprise and satisfaction in the
United States. It came upon them quite unexpectedly.
The accounts from Port-au-Prince are not very com-
municative of the details of this negotiation. The
New Englanders generally are known to be ardent in
their hostility to negro slavery. We ()Wave this feel-
ing strongly manifested in the Boston papers on this occa-
sion. Their exultation apparently knows no limits. They
announce the news in these terms : " The first christian
nation of coloured people recognised !" The Feui!le de
Commerce, a paper printed at Port-au-Prince, in its num-
ber of the loth of July, concludes its narrative in the fol-
lowing terms:—

" At half-past 9 on the evening of the Bth, one of the French
squadron, the schooner Bearnaise, departed for France, carrying
with her the treaty ratified by both parties; which will let the
world know that the Republic of Hayti. free and indepeneent, has
been recognised as such by the authentic act of the French Govern-
ment. To-day the Baron de Macksu received visits from all the
French residents of Port-au-Prince.

"At eight o'clock in the morning of the 9th, his Excellency the
President of Ilayti received with his customary politeness, the fell.
citations of the French merchants and others of that nation. Mr.
Barbut delivered a discourse, in which he returned thanks to the
President in behalf of the foreigners for the kindness which they
hail always experienced in every pan of the Republic. His Excel-
lency received this expression of their sentiments with.lively cow-
n
.
on, to which he replied ; assuring them that in doing his duty be
had only followed the natural dictates of his heart. rhe same day
the French squadron, composed of the following vessels, anchored
in our roads, and at six in the evening the two Vice Admirals of
the Eylau and the Jean Bart, came on shore.
" The Eylsu, *of 80 guns, Vice Admiral Julien ; Jean Ban,
74, Vice Admiral ()river; Circe, 44, Captain Mackau ; Nymph,
44, Captain Cuvillier ; Magicienne, 44, Capt. Blondpassant ;
Venus, 60 guns, Capt. Menouvrier Defresne ; Clorlmie, 60, Capt.
Pelleport; Aledee, 44, Capt. Demele ; Themis, 44, Captain Bede.
fert ; brig Ruse, 18, Capt. Hemot ; Curieux, 11, Capt. °unlace;
Antelope, Captain 3landurt; and the Salamander storeship, Capt.
Coste.

•• Lards of invitation have been distributed by the Secretary
General, in every part of the town for the CMref festivities which
are to take place to-morrow in the large and magnificent Mansion
of the Secret-ay of State."

By advice, from the Rio de la Plata, war appears to be
inevitable between the Brazils and Buenos Ayres. The
enterprise of General FRUTAI cgainst Monte Video has
undoubtedly been instigated by the people, if not by the
government of the united provinces of La Plata. An
article we have extracted from a New York I'aper into
another column will be found to possess some interest,
connected with this incipient war. In addition to the in-
telligence we have given from the Buenos Ayres Jour-
nals, we find the following in the North American
Papers:—
NEw YORE. AUGUST 1.
LATEST roost Rio Jnwrino.—By the Norfolk Herald we.
learn that the brig Eliza Reilly has arrrived at that port from Rio
Janeiro, from whence she sailed the 12th June. Captain Heron,
informs that the contemplated expedition against Monte Video
sailed from Rio on the 'l.OOl May, consisting of 1,800 troops;
another expedition was fitting out, which was expected to sail in a
few days, the latter would consist principally of transport vessels
with morn and various munitions of war. The conjecture was,
that war was inevitable between the Brazilian Government and the
Banda Oriental.
Our ash-ices from the river La Plata leave little doubt that this
country and Buenos Ayres will soon be involved in war, on the
question of the possessiont of Montevideo by the Government ofl
The Penis of Monte Video are in arrest, and are secretly
supplied with munitions of war and money by the individual cid_
rens of Buenos Ayres. They threaten the invasion of Rio Grande,
and to set the slaves free on condition of their joining then.
Prices Current at Rio de Janeiro, June l l :--E lour, old, mil.:
reA% 4 to 6 ; new, 10—Ham per lb. real 180 ; Soap, yellow, 80 to
105 ; Codfish, Am. no sale ; Beeswax, yellow, 450 a .500 ; Sugars,
rarrobe, 1,700 a 2,000; Coffee, 3,300 a 3,400; Hides, La
Plata and Rio Grande, 170 a 170 per lb. ; Horse, 800 each; Hones,'.
titrs 9 a 9. 200 per lOU.

W e learn byrthe arrival of the brig Homer, at Beverley. from
Rio Janeiro, that the Brazilian expedition had sailed from Rio for
alonte Video. The whole of the province of Banda Oriental was
engaged in the revolt. The Government of Buenos Ayres had
placed, as a m f precaution, a force in the province of Entre
itilPl, and it is supposed it cannot avoid taking a more decided in.
tercet in the affairs of that province.
The arrival of Sir Charles Stuart was daily looked for a Rio.
BOSTON, JULY 211.
The brig Palmer, Captain Moore, arrived at this port last even-
tug in 30 days from Rio Janeiro. A letter received by the Palmer
dated June 12th, says. •' We have nothing to inform you relative
to the expedition sent hence for Monte Video, excepting that some
or the gnu-boats bad put into Santo., St. Catharines. &c. in dis-
tress.. It is the general opinion here that there will soon be a war
between this port and Buenos Ayres.
The Florida arrived at Rio Janeiro, from Lima., whence she
.ailed on the 23d April.—The Castles of Callao still held out, but
It ass expected they would be surrendered to the Patriots in a few
days.
decreehas been passed by the Peruvian government prohibit-
ing the hmporuuun of all Spanish products and manufactures, four
months from and after the 23d April last.—And the decree state,
that any vessel coming to Peru with such produce after that time
shall be a lawful prim.
A pos3.:ript to the Stutereme mentions the serieel at quaatitine
