••


4 ~

.

• •• s
I be done in a Trade carried on by any subjelfs of
this kingdom, and to precept men from preying
upon fellow nsen.
Mr. fll.-R BERT thought this question aught to
be considered, not merely upon the principles of
theoretical justice, but that the quantum. of good
and evil, upon the whole, ought to be taken
into serious consideration. The present was not
the moment when the country could afford to sus-
tain any serious diminution of its revenue,
trs de, or resource.. ; nor would this measure abo-
lish the Slave Trade carried on in other countries.
Even if a law should be passed by the American
Legislature against the continuance of this trade,
that would not abolish the traffic in that country.
This measure would only tend to lower the price of
the Slaves in the Colonies, and would enable other
Powers to procure a greater number of -laves at a
less expense; so that our rivals would thereby enjoy
greater facility in bringing a greater number of
slaves into their Colonies, and a greater quantity of
land into cultivation. The West India Merchants
and Planters, who were hest acquainted with their
own interests, deprecated this measure. As it was
understood that the Slave Trade was abolished, our
rivals would be able to undersell us in the market.
Mr. T PLONIF.R considered the present to be
a dangerous time for making an experiment, which
would endanger our revenue and commerce ; which
would risk three millions of revenue, and 100 mil-
lions of capital, 100,000 tons of shipping, mid
17,000 sailors ; on these and other ACCOII:4S, he de-
clared that he should have preferred the men.
su-e of suspension, to tile of the abolitien of the
trade
Mr. BARLOW denied the statement of the Hon.
Gentleman (Mr. Thornton). that the labour of
tile Negroes its the islands was more severe than
that of the poor in other countries. He had Lirn-
self plantations in the West Itides, and when he
had endeavnured to substitute task work for the
accustomed labour, he found the Negroes preferred
their usual mode of working, and would not endure
the alteration. He alsn denied that the women
w'-re e• .•• At hAttd 'Amur, when seven months gone
with child.. The Negroes also were allowed to
acquire and dispose of their property; and be
thought it very unfair in the I lanotsmlde Gentleman
and His Associates, to hold out that slass of people
(the West India Planters) to the odium of that
House, and of the country at large.
Mr. H. THORN FON expleilied.
Mr. W IMAM remarked, thot although the
Overseers of plantations made use of the whip, that
did not prove that the Negroes were treeterd with
cruelty ; but, after all, it was not the intention of the
House to abolish slavery, but the Slave Trade.—
Therefore, when the Anti-abolitionists spoke of the
mi-erabie condition of the slaves, they were arguing
against themselves, inasmuch as it was no pert of
the present Bill to abiliish slavery in the West In-
dies. Slavery WAS as ancient as the days of Homer,
who said, 4. Take from a man his liberty, and you
take from him his virtue." Still slavery was a de-
greeting situation for man, and it was to be wished
that it could be abolished. Slavery, however, dif-
fered very much, as to degree, in different countries;
and he could not but believe, upon the testimony
adduced, that the authority exercised over the Ne-
groes iu the West Indies wits much less than in most
other collieries where slavery existed at all. Mr.
Windhem entatieued to anteneethes ~A it ibis nee-
sure were carried, slavery would continue in the
West L.7l,j.eS; and that those advocates for the mea-
sure were not consistent with themselves, who argued
from principles of stria right and justice in favour
of tie present measure, and yet did not follow
up their own principles, hi emancipating the
present Slaves iris the Ws- t Indies. :after push-
ing this atiunientums ad 44minew to a considerable
length, and with Isis accustomed acuteness,
he proceeded to observe., that on such if ques-
tion, the (louse osselit .it to go upon abstract prin-
ciples of right, but upon the consideration of the
consequences of the measure, and the possible ruin
of the British Empire resulting from it. As to
Africa, this measure would produce no ben.St to
that country, sir there would be not less slavery
after one abolishing the trade than before it ; in the
West Indies it would tend to produce discontent
among the Neerees ; to individuals it would
be a great Ines and ifejustice, and would prove
ruinous to numbers won hid a claim to the
prut:aion of •his country. France and other
rival nations would ?nest probably refuse to
imitate our exempt,' and would redouble this
traffic to our ruin. Nor was this a time to yen-
ture such an experiment. We were engaged in a
dangerous war with a powerful enemy. Was it not
also a time to 'ire mildly economical? Were they
nor called to attend to " candle ends and cheese
perings ?"'(A immgA). Ani, at'such a time, should
Parliament think of throwing away such a resource
as the West India Islands? Did they net see empire
after empire tumeling like so many nine pins All
around them ? He knew there were some of his
Hon. Friends would tell him the present measure
tended to security against such dangers. He
wished it might, but he leafed it. If this
qtresten was nue of feeling, merely, all their
feelings must be alike ; bet he orprecAted thief
feelings running away with their better judgment
It was not true that Perliement was about aboi•sh-
ing, the Slave Trade ; they were only Aboli deng
their share in it; and it was even doubotil, it, atter
all, this measure would, in any degree, diminish the
traffic in Slaves on the coast of Attica. He wished
his forebodings and fears might ge oo farther ; but,
at any rate, he most renounce the honour a-id glory
of effeCtieg a measure which would be produaive,
as sue.: gent:elik a etpaled, of such salutary ef-
fe fls ; at the son e. time, disclaiming any share in
the pernicieus conic:pent:es, which, to his appre-
hension, swim touch more likely to accrue from its
adoption.
Mr. SHERIDAN sail, his Right Hon. Friend
hid made a very eloquent, Icemen Aest (intended
fur) a perSll4• iv? speech, but he bed spent an hour
and a half in cleinsing a eager to consider (what
nobody denied him) wise: might be the consequences
of the Aholitian of the Slave Trade ; hut with re-
gard to the consequences themselves, he b.ie. stated
them in a fete words, nor had he employed, as
might have been expected, either Isis eloqrserice, his
learning, or ingenuity, in proving that cline conse-
quences would ecru ally foliow. lie had endeavoured
topromote edeerotidieg feeling AS to the lasses and re-

•

venue the country ; had *ever heard his Right
flo table Friend wing the s.sme language for-
merly ; but, on the contrary, when others had
indulged in gloomy representatiors, he had in.
sister! upon it, that this country was not even
scratched by the war (A 14..0.1 I lis Right Ho-
noorahle Friend bad chosen the worst period to
discharge bus conscience, by postponing the revela-
tion of his own smtiments, when it was impossible
to serve the cause he meant to patronise. Whatever
was contrary to justice and .kqimanity, by the eternal
ordinance of Heaven, must he contrary to the dic-
tates of policy ; but if, by so doing, the interest of
the planter was materially injured, the House had
it in its power to grant him compensation ; and he,
for one, should have no ohjeflion so to do, upon a
case being fairly made out tisr relief. And he was
the mire willing to agree to compensation, since
Government had, for 150 years past, countenanced
the Slave Tra,le.
Lord CASTLEREAGH argued at cnnsidera-
Isle length against the measure. He thought it
would encourage the smuggling of Slaves into the
Islands; but, at the same time, it would be much
against the Planters, by being driven to that illicit
trade, instead of bring authorised by Law. He
contended, that it threw power into the hands of
our enemies, while, at the same time, there was no
Government in the world that was so likely to
dcl liberally with that Trade as the Government
ai eat Britain. The Noble Lord was proceeding
great length, when the House became exceed-
ingly clamorous, cries of " Qftottoa Qat,-
',oh." proceeded from all geartas, and he sat
„town.

Mr. WILBERFORCE summed up all the ar-
rtmems of (he evening.
After some observations from Mr. WIND-
HAM, strangers were ordered to withd►aw, ip
order that the House might divide ; but we under-
stord that the Bill Vida read A thus time and passed
without a division.
Tl-e other Oiders of the Day were dimmed of,
and the House adintuned at TKO O'CLOCK.

FOREIGN lAIALLIGE:VCE.

GOTTEN MAILS.

dent,
mimed
wit to
tsrty
Fur all

ISfack
It is
sated .
its condu
when

EXTRACtS FROM THE ALTONA PAPERS.
SALTZBURG, rea. 10.
The report which was circulated, that the For-
tress of Branau had been given up to the Austrian
troops, proves destim:e of foundation. The French
are still there, and the place has been again pro-
visioned for four months.

DRPS3EN. ft.. 13.

A strong troop of banditti, which iirtest the Goun-
tries of the Rhine, is again talked of ; the chief is
one Ponsell, who formerly aded a distinguished
part tinder the famous Schindrrhannes. It is said,
that Ponsell has studied at one of Cie German UM-
vetsitiet.

viewrzn, res. 14.

The recruiting for this year will commence on
the It L instant ; not more than tig,ooo men in the
whole will be I.tueLl to till up the vacancies occa-
sioned by the solJters tvhose service expires next
aping.

II %NES Of Tilt DANUIt, FM 16.

They write from Italy, that since the departure
of Marshal Maifelld, G.aneral St. Cyr has taken the
kommand of the troops in tate kingdom of Naples.

MSNTZ, M. 21.

All the letters received from the Th-stre of War
agree in saying, that the battle of the 8:h February
was most sanguinary ; the Russians fought with a
&give of desperation. As they were cut off, it was
feared they might make an attempt upon Praga
and Wu saw, but it appears that the enemy's army
effelled its retreat, by cutting its way through the
corps of t' .e French army.
It is said, that on several occaskns, the Emperor
was exposed to the greatest dangers, and that he
had a horse shot under him.
Darius or THZ ELS!, MAUCH 1.

The last battle, which was fought five miles from
Koningsberg, was one of the mlst bbody in the
annals of the present war. The number ot killed,
on both sides, is estimated at 30,000 men. It ap•
peen that a strong column of Russians, ..eho, after
the affair of Mohrtngen, had ascended the Vistula.
was cut off from the main body, and only effeaed a
janai.m by very great efforts, and the loss of a con-
siJerable number of men, and smne artillery. If
the French, who, it is said. made s:x unsuccessful at-
tacks on the centre of the. Russians, had su:ceesled in
forcitr it, they would have become masters of Ko-
Lingsberg, and ot the rich magstines which are
there ; but since the 18th of February, that city has
been tree from all apprehension of the attempts of
the enemy; and, Recording to the nlost recent intelli-
gence, the Franch head-quarters have fallen back
t Solstati.

Amnrg the number of wounded in the French
army are, Marshals Augereau And Lannes ; the
former, it is said, will set out fur Fiance. The in-
sorresii,lnal army of Poland has to regret the loss
of one of its bravest chiefs, General Kosinski, who
had the rnisiortuue to be taken ptisDner by the Prus-
sians, who have, it is sail, also taken a French
General Officer.
The Prussian party which harasses the country
trom Colberg to near Francfort on the Oder, greatly
impedes the communications ; we are assured that
lately it seized a considerable transport of money. It
is also cnnEtmed, that the French army, since the
late affairs ut PrassiA, which all accounts agree in
_ .

vpresenting
its cantonments.

The.
Letter.
that
of al
ptepai
Pun•!
taken
men
EXTR,

The
Sea,
bidden _
in consequence.
here

it of
Potion
ert the,
ninon ,
to toffee'
my Atly
every ,
bristles, ,
the centre

As Cent-
meadete Canal, %see re•
orders to shut the pis:age of the Canal, the Minister+ et
the (newt], powers reset:9r is tionpital &It isthramil of it
by the present Oficial Nets.
Gtvca on the Stn of the rour.th Zi ;ale, i s the y: et of thee
Hegira 1221; .ra. 17th 1807.
00:etraterteOPte, 15.
-The Manifesto or Declaration of War by the Pone
against Russia, has been published here. It is datall
Constantinople, the 25th of the month Chime', in
the year of the Hegira 1221 ; (the sth Jan. 1807.)
It states the various ails of Russia, inimical to tae
seistire of Crimea and of Georgia; the condu3 of
Ru.,ia with re7ard to the Seven Bloods, and the
Province of Wallachia and Moldavia, the dispute
`concerning the Mosopodites of which provinces, aoti
the in.erference of Russia on the occasion, is made
one of the principal grounds of complaint. Yet
though the Porte, to preserve peace, consented to re•
store th• Hospodars, the Russian troop; unexpefifedly
entered the Ottoman territory ; and when the Porta
applied to the Russi in Minister, resident at Con.
stantinople, for an explanation of this conduit, it
could obnin no other answer, but that he had re.
ceived no instruftions from his Court on the subject.
General Michelson, the Commander of the Russian
troops, at the same time issued Proclamations cal.
eslated to render disalrefted the Governors and Ma-
gist:ates of Romelia, to mislead the Mussulasen,
and sow dissension in the states of the empire. •
Russia having thus proceeded to open hostilities,
the Sublime Porte has been obliged to declare war,
as longer forbearance would only tend to increase
the insolence and violence of Russia.

YUMA. tea. 14.
The Greek merchants here have circulated a vs.
piety of advices, which they have received front
Turkey ; as for example, that Gmitantin.
been bombarded by the English Admiral I'
that the Porte has, in consequence, thoppg,
to adopt another system, &c. Thee reports,
ever, are undeserviog the least credit.

Acconling to accounts from Wallachia,
of Itur,ians, which has passed the DAnut
Wilitn, has joined the troops of Czemi
The report tbat Paswan Oglou is
confirmation.
The harbour of Trieste is now blockaded
English.
Yesterday. the Prussian Envoy
Finkerstein, received an ex:raardmary
Memel.

WAISA
The first number of The Gas‘tte
published, contains, in a Supplement
nary, the following article:
•• According to official accounts published
on the evening of the 1 2th. the ever int
of Rs M.jesty the Emperor and Kiog.
on the Bth instant, near Eylau, a •iftury
Russians, who were not only defeated, ►
routed. Forty pieces clf cannon, IC
About 12,000 rison^rs, are the result
►attle. io Willett the Rubsiatt army was

•••
•
h • •
•
presenting as extremely sanguinary, has resumed
cantonments.
••1' •
tiOTTIINDuaGft, MARCH 6. ~,•
The French have invested Stralsund.
MARCH 9.
Letters received fr-ln Stralsund, yestenlis . state,
t the Garrison is not under the least apprehensios
any suJden attack from the French, but rathe •
pared to act upon the offensive. Some French
1-boats which were laying at Barth, have bees i •
en by the boats of the Garrison, and 19 French. •'
n and 4 alicers made prisoners.
•
XTRACTS FROM THE HAVIBURGH CORREA- '
FONDENTEN.
CONsTAttettloPLll, JAN. 24.
rhe passage throng% the Canal into the Black
, during the present time of war, has been for.
den to Foreign Nations ; and the following Note,
•
cssisequessce, addressed to the Foreign Ministers
e
NOTE.
A: in time of war between the SislaUtise Porte and flar:.a,
of the greatest importance to eropli every k., of pee-
inn against the deceptions and craft of the enemy ; to ea.
he utmost activity in preventing the conveyance of a /novo-
an to the different Rlnsian ports situate on the Black Soot
affer no t)ttornan subje:t to go thitipo and to eat" tele eiler• •
any written or vernal intelligence ; and teary to eat off
y kind .f communication between the Ottoman States; Ae ;-
lies, it would be very dangerous to suffer s:iirs t, sail from
centre of the capital to the enemy ; since in time of war,
point is one of the principal posts of the stAte: It •I
t, that so long ass trot passage into airmail sea sisal be per.
ed
to the merchant skips olotiter powers. lb .11e dangers are 1
to be ay.oded, as the enemy may tamale shriter kW Mgt'
and dieceit iiiiJor the number and ranety of forego imps
all these leaven*, the Canal of the Black Sea must be &Ilea . 1
Ag the eont•nuance of the war, It n conceived that them
.rat prohibition is not e.ntrary to the free navigation of the
A Ste, some tine since granted I. wersairt friesety powers.
i merely a war measure adopts: for the eteme^ a TO die- I I ,
dyp eirCumitanCes. The Souttme Poets it areetueed, *het
:ondu .t will give no offence to the powers friemfy tio it; es,,
m the danger shall cease, after a var.., or even daring the
, the free navigation of the said sea shall be reetered,
is the C•marnandeee of the Imperial Fleet, as also the CORI. 0
icier, of the fortresses at the mouth of the Canal, have re.

tantir. ple has
ral Louis, and
honght proper
reports, hose-
res. 18.
•
laehia, a corps
Danube, near
• •
erni George.
dead require
Ickaded by the
':•:- •
here, Count
•y courier from
AW, ►ae. 16.
le of KVc►raw,
ent Eztraordi.
4
,üblished here,
nvincible army
Uog. obtained.
'dory over the
11, but entirely
standards, and
It of this great
yes &most bow

titnei as numerous as the Freach. Ae eapee the '
particular; of tiiis affair, which dues tfsevratsst
honour to 411 the corps enzaged in it.
Fti. I.
Marshal Massena is still in tliis capital, where he
iitnived on use 12. h Instant.
This d ay, 500 more Russian prisoners passed
slirough this city.
General Gouvion is Governor of t!.e city, and
Colonel Target', Commandant of the fortress.

L' (ACTS FROM Tilt HAMbUROH NEW

GAZETTE.

:I

waasaw. its. 23.
General Savary. who, on account of the indispo-
sition rt; ? tribal Lames, commands the sth corps
(sr the Grand Army, completely defeated, on the
instant, the Russian corps under General
I.rseri. This General, and General Muller, had re-
ceived from Moldavia a reinforcement of six regi-
me :ts ; Prince Karnak), bad joined them with 8000
men ; and the whole corps, at least 30,000 men
sitong.tnnk a position near V7yssky General
Savary. who expeSed to be attacked by them, de-
tubed General Galan to attack the Russians, who
fell upon one of tit enemy's corps, and routed it.
the Russians :wade a second attack on Ostrolerska,
where a struire conflift toak place in the streets.—
The merry was repulsed, but joined the corps op.
posed to G. neral Galan. Both armies formed in
line of battle, aud a general engagement took place.
Tne Rusliana were repuisad an atl points, and pur-
sued three leagues, until seven o'clock at night.
They :ost two stands of colours, six pieces of can-
non, and I,YOO men killed. Prince Italinsky was
dangerously wounded ; the French General, Cam-
pana, was Ailed, General Rigauci w.'unded, and
Gen-ral Oodinot bad a horse killed under him.
On t'-'e 17th early, the French army was still in
pursuit of part of the Rn-sian horse. In all villages
were found wounded iSussians and sty spglers.
axasts, Nance 2.
AU the troops of the Grand Army are gone into
cantonments; and Imperial head-quarters are,
at present, in osrerode.
The Prussian Liwrunts. Salmi and Wilhelmi,
of the regirotur of;Mev: nit, pri,Pners of rear, and
ow their parole, have been shot, on aceourit of their
having been found in arms at the head of a lydy of
insurts.
. _
TpE,...1311.1T15H PRE S
.ON 110 N,
TUESDAY, Marco 17

Twn ttenNurgh Mails artivittl, yesterday, with
levers er.l papers from Altuna to the 4th, from
Hamburet totlie Ilth, and horn Gotte,,bur gh t the
fOtb instant: The French army continues its re.
tutu ro the V;Kula. The
Jests% of the 2 ',states, that its head quarters were
at Osteiode. The Aleille de Nefd of the lst, states,

that k fiid fallen bask still Get/3er, and that its
issad *T3Arter . were removed to Soldau. Tbis
pl.ire is near 100 miles meth of Kocingsberg, in
the !ire& cultist tot Warsaw. These papers con-
tain some particolars of the anion betweei the

ens pi of %level-al LAWK is, commaaded by General
SAYaIiV, aad that of General Vox &Sill. at Ostro-
letiska, on tl.e 16th A Russian corps, which, at
the tattle of blohringen. had been separated from
the main body, and siiiveis to the Vistula. is said to
haie cut its sway th,imgli the French army, and ef-
feeked its sweat to Lnaingsberg. An article, dated
Constantinople, Jan. 25, ',swats, that war has beta
proclaimed there against Rjitiol, and recites an
order of the Ottoman Porte, for abutting the pas.
sage of the alsck Sea against all powers, as a ne-
cessary pt ec tutom during the war, lest the enemy
should avail thems-Ives of neutral flags. N.) im-
pr„,ini: h:1.1 !wcri made by use French upon Stral-
s,mJ, up to the ;4:18.

We stated, yesterday, that the difference that
reittel upon the subject of the Bill to admit Ro-
nian Catholics to hold commissions in the Army
aii.i N is y, WAS accvmmodated. The Irish Aft of
t:.;3 enables Catholics to hold all commissions in
the Army, on taking a particular oath, except those
of Generals on the Staff, Commandets.in•Chief,
or Masters. General of the Ordnance, with a pro-
viso recognising the Test Laws. The present Bill
goes farther, and proposes to enable the Kiho to
• and Navy to
on or condition,
llegiance. This,

the Staff; sad tint that Ell not remove the
eagles rearrillioas Catliolics entering ICED the
Naval Service."

Some of the Papers stated yesterday, that His
MAJase sr left town, on Satailay, in cons.-coe ce
of a final arrangement upon this foundation ; and
tat Viscount SIDSICILITII. who had resigned Lis
office, as President of the Council, had resumed it.
That his Lordship has not resigned is evident, as
he yesterday presided as President of the Cbuncil,
at a meeting held at the Council Office for hearing
appeals; but that the business was finally arranged,
hetore His Maassr Y left town, we much doubt.
Early yesterday morning Lord Gasaviti.s ar-
rived at Windsor, and had an audience of His Ma.
JUTS' for upwards of an hour, and returned to
town about two o'c:ocic : as his Lordship was get•
Ping nut of his carriage, he ordered Lord Howlett
to be sent for, and a Cabinet Council was immedi-
ately summoned to meet at his Lordship's house,
on Lord Howlett's arrival.

Two reports were circulated last evening, both
of which require confirmatice. One stated that we
have recaptured Buenos Ayres.—The other that we
have taken Monte Video.

The second battalion of the 14th regiment marched
in o Dul3iin un the 10th inst. to embark for Eng-
land,

General WHITSLOCKeI Expedition passed the
Lizard, on Wednesday last, with a lair wind.

_ .
We regret to state the loss of the Privero Bomb,
Capt. W. /Ciao (Ist), and of the Ignition Fire-ves-
sel, Lieut. Novosisi.sxt. They were both stranded
off Dieppe in the late gales. Seven men of the
Pleskro were drowned ; the Officers and the re-
Maiader i.f the crews were made prisoners.
Mr Plana LrOINT has brought h, m letters from
Lord flu rcniesoti, hut they are chi. ay of a private
were : he is also the bearer of 4 Treaty offensive
and J,feasive between Prussia, Sweden. and Eng-
land.

It is said, that by the treaty of peace between
Prussia and England, it is stipulated, that England
shall deliver up all tile Prussian ships taken since
the 2i.h of Sept. in retuin for wLi.h, Prussia re-
nouns*. all right and title to the Elsa irate of Ha.
never. _

The Captain of a vessel arrived on Friday in the
River. in ten days, horn Dantz.c, pat.', that a
abort time before be sailed, accounts had been re-
ceived, that die French had been again defeated by
the Muslims, with a very great loss, and that a great
number of prisoners bad arrived at li,•ningsberg tin
consequence of the above news, the rejoicings at
D.tritzic bad continued for three days. AG. ntle-
man just arrived from Newburgh also reports, that
the French are in full retreat, and are already 100
English miles this side Prussian Eylan._
_ _

:I;be English subjeters resident 'at Flushing have
received orders to retire to Camphier, a small town
no the same Islaud.; it is said to be in consequence
of several meo of wee being expo:led down the
Scheldt.

Three frigates, that left the Dutch ports early in
February, supposed to he destined for Batavia. in
going North about, main their appearance off the
Orkneys. on the 2tith c.f last months when one of
them was driven ashore on the small Hand of
SAnda. The particulars will he found in the two
f'•lloving !letters. Three hundred of the Caithness
Volunteers. with the ume alacrity and spirit,
which they displayed no a former occasion,
hay,: embarked for Saudi, to protest .the inha-
bitants. and to secure the troops and sailors
who have landed on the Island.
COPY OP A LETTER TROIA • GENTLEMAN, IN AN
01 PIGIAL SITUATION. IN CAITHNESS, DATED
THORSO, SIALCII 3. Itio7.

s' I hive just received notice, by F.xpress, from
Kirkwall, that a Dutch frigate, of 42 guns, with a
complement of 420 men, including a considerable
number of marines, or foot soldiers, had been
driven on shore in the Island of Sanda, upon Thurs-
day last, and that the troops and marines having
saved a considerable part of their small arms, had
become formidable, not only to the inhabitants of
that island, bat to the country at large.—ln conse-
quence of this notice, transmitted dire 2ly by the
Lieutenancy of Orkney, a meeting of the Deputy
Lieutenants of this county has just been held at
this place. in which it has been resolved to
send a strong detachment from the volunteer force
of this county, to the relief of our frieeds on the
other side of the water. The Expedition will sail
in the coarse of the night. rand I hope you will
soon hear a good account of them. 1 au nut sup-
pose that the enemy can be in any sitnation to resist,
with effr&, the force that will be sent against them.
I am only fearful, that they may find an opportnoisy
of elating their es:Ape, by means of some of the
trading vessels, before our people get up, and thus
rob them of their laurels."
ZETAACr or ANOTHER LETTTIt DATED 101111110110111,

MARCH 12.
" By a letter just received from Thurso, I find
that a Dutch 42 gun-ship is on shore at Sanda, with
420 men, including 31 that perished before landing.
They were driven on the island on Thursday morn-
ing, the 26th nit/lend it was six in the evening be-
fore they were got ashore ; the inhabitants distri-
buted them in .mall parties among the different fami-
lies, aid secured about 100 stand of small arms in a
store-hoit.e, which the Mitch threatened to break
open. The Gentleman who writes me, saw a letter
front a Mr. DAVID FUTRZNINGHAM, to the Ma-
gistratcs of Kirkwall, requesting immediate assist-
ance. Captain RICIIAM, in Hi, MAJISTV'S armed
ship Neret./k, was in Deer Sound, but be had only
1O men un board his ship. Smacks were sent from
Orkney to Thurso, and near 300 of the Caith-
ness Volunteers had a.semkeled to embark, as soon
as the wind. whit h, at the time the letter was
written. blew hard, had abated. 'ate frigate parted
r company from two others, thtougb thickness of
weather, the day she got on slime, Lid they have
.aiasce been seen from the Orkneys. They wernaiaid
to he bound to the West and to have troops
on board."

grant all commissions in the Army and Navy to
all his subjeCt, without any restriltion or condition,
except the taking of the Oath of Allegiance. This,
we understand, was disapproved of in a certain
4
splatter, as a virtual repeal of the Tent Art; and
it is said, that the business has been accommodated
by an undertaking cm the part of the Minister,
that the siene restriSions should continue As are or•
dained by the Irish Aa of 1793, via. "that no Ca-
tholic, refusing the Oaths taken by Protestants.
be capable of becoming Command.r.in-Chief,
Mastet•Ceneral of the Ordnance. or a Ge.reral on
• -
•
