charged with tilting a part in concerting ,
meeting at Manchester on the 16th of AugustAht,
tilt object of which was to inspire terror iuto the
minds of his Majesty's subjects, and endeavour to
effect a change in the form of government by tins
hiwfht means. Much hail been said respecting this
subject olio.' the right of the people to assemble
in large bodies, and upon what constituted a legal
Meeting. The people of Englsnd had an un-
doubted right to meet for the purpose of consider-
ing public. grievances, and seeking lawful redress
for any evils they endured. It had long.biren the
Oractice for cities, counties, towns, corporations,
districts, and trades, to meet to consider matters
relating to their affairs; it had long been the
practice of the Constitution to bold such meet-
ings, cud to receive petitions from then, on the
Ttironte, on in either House of Parliament.—
Ile never beard a lawyer arraign the legality of such
meetings ; be hoped he would never hear a de-
cision pronounced which would militate ageism their
continuance. But when lie declared this to he the
right of Englishmen, he also denied the eight ofl
all the people to collect en mesas, and by the threat
or terror of their physical strength overawe the
constituted authorities, and declare, in such a man-
ner, their will soil pleasure to be the law and con-
stitution of the hind. Such an assertion of popular
right, used by the mere weight and capricious in-
fluence of popular strength, never was, never could
be the law of any country. • Those who con-
tended for such a right, and asserted that it
lees consonant with the early periods of the
British eonetitution to exercise it on any vast plaits
on which the people may choose to congregate, mit-
took both the law and inistated the fact. Could
tiny man maintain that the people might in this
manner recur to first principles, slid state at the
end of a day's meeting, that the power of the state
had again devolved upon them, and that the origi-
nal muss, us in a state of nature, were alone the pos-
sessors of power and law, that the people resumed
their functions, and that the existing government
was altogether destroyed ? This was the absurdity
which followed from the assertion of such idle theo-
ries, which legalized self-constituted meetings, and
placed the supreme will in the hands of any dema-
gogue who may obtain temporary ascendancy over
the people, and assemble them any where he
pleusrd—not accord.ng to the old and lawful prac-
tice of assembling them in their own towns, coun-
ties, cities, corporations,or trades, but merely bring-
ing the people f all quarters to coy place lie
may point out, mid then calling tlw►•meetiog the
()rpm of the w•tll of the inhabitantav permanently
fixed on the skt. Alodern- (Imes• furnished nu
example of the exercise of such a power as vested in
the people. In the republic of Athens there was .
certainly a wide democracy ; 30,000 citizens bad
there the power of debating and deciding upon,
whenever they pleased, the aliens of the State.
But even there it was a remarkable fact, that though
the citizens asserted and maititaiiiid their own free-
dom, the greatest part of the iiiliabitants were
nevertheless consigned to unrelenting slavery, and
excluded from the enjoyment of any thing like
civil rights. Lm modern tones, he repeated, uo
such assertion of power was to be found, and its
existence in the manner in which it was by some
claimed was incompatible with the well-being of
any state of civil society. Ile would now aril their
attention more immediately 'to the Defendants
.of the principal of them, Mr. Hunt, it was mine-
emery for lion to say airy thing—that geutleinam
bad coutrivrd to make himself pretty generally
known throughout the country. There were others
connected with him in this transsction, who were,
however, a little more obscure, and of whom it
may be necessary to say soinethilig. Kitiglit had
formerly been in trade, but of late au itinerant ora-
tor, without any fixed station or occupation. Jolla.
son was a brush-maker, living near Manchester,
and also a frequent orator at public nierlings,—
Sexton wascomiected in some way with the Munches-
ter Observer. Moorhouse was a coach-proprietor at
Stockport ; Healy we; an apothecary ; Bamford,
Swift, and Wild, were residents in the seine ileigh-
bourhood. Some time in the month of June last
year, a meeting was held in Smithfield, which in-
fused tin small portion of alarm into the minds of
many persons in the metropolis. The ohjt ct of
the meeting, so far as their resolutions, which oeid
still cautiously worded, expressed it, was to inti-
mate to the people thit the time was at
hand when some extraordinary step would be
taken for the recovery, as it was termed, of their
liberties. The right of the people to establish a
Provisional Government was more than hinted at,
as well as their power to disfranchise the consti-
tuted authorities then dispensing the affairs of the
state. Mr. Hunt, who attended this meeting by
invitation, as it appeared, proposed Resolutions
which disclaimed the principle of paying obedience
to the existing Parliament, and recoil:mewled them
to obey no law, to pay no taxes, until they obtained
that species of returns which they were then engaged
in seeking. A meeting weir at or about the same
time advertised to he held at Manchester, on the
9111 August, to consider of Parliamentary Reform,
and also to elect Representatives to serve for
that town in Parliament—tile latter step in
itself a high misdemeanor, and severely pu-
:wishable by law. Mr. Hunt was also to figure
sway at this alerting, which however was very pro-
perty prevented by the Magistrates of Mauchrster,
'Who prohibited Iles illegal by public advertisement.
To connect Mr. Hunt with the introtiuti of calling
flit meeting of the 9th of August at Manchester,
he would show I to have been at Bullock's
Smithey, nine miles from Manchester, and three .
from Stockport, on the evening of the Bth, and
in company with Sir Charles IVolseley, Mr.
Jolmson, and Mr. Moothuuse—it would appear
that ' he expressed. disappointment at the fate
of the intended meeting, and his unwillingness
to concur with those who were weak enough
to abeam, it. He harangued the people against
the Megistrate% as I►e paired through Manchester,
and ridiculed their proclawietion, signed • by• nitre,
of Omni whom he compared to wine tailors seated
.II
oa a ektipstromed. He repioaclied the people for .
not .heidteig the meeting they bad intended to hold,
and asserted it was porfectly •legal, sad that they
ought not to lame. yielded. He lustiest them
shawls meet him is Manchester • on the 16th
of •Atignst ; mid after hie speech he proceeded
to Mr. %Ishmael -plea, is nailed Salad•
ley Cottage ;• there he remained on the ph,
sad was visited by Knight and abets of the I.)e-

unusual indication• of popular commotion.....
there were meetings in large Ladies ut 'night,
and movements which reseed that a system
of training and military discipline had been
introduced into that part of the country.—
They found that a plan was maturing among them
likely to effect the pease of society. difficult to be
proved. and dangerous to be approached. The.
Magistrate., as became them, made due precuts-
tions—in the interim the arrangements for the
. .
meeting of the Iftlt of August wrist on, and on
the alight of the 15th, two persons who *prude!).
ed one of the nightly meetings then held in that
part of the country, at White Moss, and which
was going through its evolutions with the exactness
of military discipline, were discovered, beset by the
parties assembled, tend one of them, Murray, a
constable, so beat as to have been seriously iejured,
and compelled to Nave his life by going upon his ,
knees and abjuring his allegiance to the Kiug.
Mr. Mist here interposed, and appealed to the I
Judge, whether the ullusion to this circumstance,
to which his case had taut the remotest application,
could be intended for any thing else than to excite
an unfair prejudice against him ?
Mr. Justice _ltairLET--" If it shall appear un-
connected with any teausacti JJJJ s in which, accord-
ing to the evidence, you may appear to have been
engaged, then I shall take and remove any preju-
dice in the minds of the Jury which it may appear
calculatt d to excite."
Mr. Lunt—" I feel perfectly happy in your
Lordship's hands." .
Mr. ScARLETT resumed, and said he was too old
in his profession to be set astray by any . terrup-
-4„
lions, whether accidental or designed alt he
would inform the Defendant, if he wish to know
it—(Mr. Hunt exclaimed " Yes,")—what use lie
meant to make of it. He informed him then, that
he meant to connect him deeply and critnitially iii
the transactions that took place at Manchester and
its vicinity pervious to the 16th of August.—(Mr.
Hula, 6, l'ory well, do so if you con.")—He meant
to coletwei hint with men who were engaged in
those secret and obscure movements. 'I lie Magis-
trates at Matechester, on finding that a geeitlemau
from Lemke,. who had no connexion with their
own neighbourhood whenever, was come down
to preach to the people, at another great meet-
ing. .4Ail the Kith of August, determined to take
such seeps as would as far as possible secure
the public peace. In coming to that meeting of
the 16th of August he would open a scene to the
Jury. which lie ventured to say had no example in
the whole system.of public meetings of any coun-
try. IVhat was that meeting to have been ? Wes
it to represent the feeling of the people of Man.
chester ? No, but to congregate in that town, to
the interruption of all public rod private business,
[
and to the disquietude of all who had property
there, the people front not only the sarrouteditig
parts, but from places at a considerable distance.
[Here the Learned Counsel put in a map of Man-
cheater and the surrounding townships, and ex-
plained, which cannot here be done if it were ma-
terial, the local position of the surrounding country.]
Early on the morning of the 16th he said the
people were observed moving in large bodies
upon Manchester, as a common centre. They
were regularly formed ; they advanced with ban-
ner* and music, anti with all the appearance and
form of all invading army, es eept only the want of
cannon. They advanced upon the town in divi-
sions from Rochdale, Sadtileworth, Leeds, Old-
ham, Middleton, and many other places in the ad-
joining counties. The Defendant, Bamford, was
seen at Middleton, arranging a body of 2,000 men;
he regularly dressed them, to use a military phrase,
formed into a hollow-square, put laurels into their
hats, to distinguish officers from privates, nod
marched them on and united them with 2,000 more
men flout Rochdale. Healy was at Oldham simi-
larly occupied with his detachment, and singing on
the way a song of triumph, in auticipution of the
exploits of the day. The town of Manchester was.
thus every way enclosed by large bodies of people,
marching to it on the 16ih. In the first body that
moved on the high road, were some of the melt who
hail beaten the constable the presious..eight at
White Moss, and who, as they were this day pass-
im; his house, halted and made a loud noise, whe-
ther of congratulatien at the ahjuration of his alle-
giance, or of defiance, he could not say. The parties
lied banners and.titesic. About eleven o'clock Mr.
Hunt set out from Mr. Juletesole's, to take his part
in the business of the day. He came iii vu open
hackney chariot. accompanied by Knight and John-
son, and escorted by the Middleton and Rochdale
divisions. which amounted to four or 5,000 men.
They performed the same ceremuny of hissing and
shouting as they pulsed the constable's house which
marked the passitig of the previous division. Mr.
Hunt and his party Leek their way to St. Peter's
area, where whets were engaged in erecting a bus.
ling.. The Magistrates, fur the better preservation
of the public peace, had planted a fine of consta-
bles front the house in which they took their sta.
lion to the hustings. When, the builders of the
hustings observen this, they moved it about fifteen
yards further away. The populace had by this
time assembled in large numbers, and were form.
el% a thick gamie around the hurting., and spe.
vial care was taken to form iti close ranks, cud
admit " only friends." The country parties ad.
winced in regular step, took up their position,
and shouldered and brandished their slicks, they
received and obeyed orders, wheeled with exec.
titude, and the whole arratigemeut of the force
denoted previous habit and discipline. On one
of the banners was inscribed " Equal Represents ,
hair or Death." What, he would ask, could be
the object of such a meeting, unless to use physical
,I force fur the accomplishment of the objects it had
jilyievi ? Was it to procure fairly and properly a
. Reform in Parliament ? Surely whatever opinions
preriled upon that queetiosi, there could be none
assasig good and wise meu, as to the effect which
• aged attend city alteration obtaiued by any other
. dna legal wens. Who would wish to see any
wverthiowu by the agency of madness and
11 Were the people to be told that equal
sairasaiagass was so inalienable and it,pro.scnptive.
It 11101116 that they ought not to relinquish it execs

0: •'a ' "'"*"'"110-4,
-`,ll • ;
•,- • ;
. • •4-

h .r* •
I • % 11114

• - ''•• •, • ..
i
Godards. Hunt was then 'at Nao4lllater the by their death ? Was that to be the shse.qua Rom
hero of the populace, an elevation whicliany man .of their existence. and without it were they to rush
may hold who would preach *lip to them doctrines on to death ? "No Corn bawl," too, were inscribed
impregnated with *edition and disaffection. Ma- upon their banners, as if they had pot had enough
oistrute* ut this time became shirmad at the iii- to inflame the impulse mind without that addition.
formation which reached them of strange and Onwoetlrer homier was inscribed " Annual Podia-

?ants, Universal Soffrage,and Election by Ballot."
Now lie knew that there were very many well-nseano
-litisten who advocated the first of these measu
'bet was it right that such a principle should be
artfully held tip to the people as an itnprescriptive
right, which they ought to put forth as an imperils.
Live demand, jtsal as they were desired by any
unprincipled demagogue ? It was melancholy
that the populace could be so worked upon, often 1
to their own destruction. In vain were their
eyes opened by ridicule—he recollected Hogarth's
tine print of the change in the calendar. Many
years ago an alteration was made in the calendar
for the computation of time, when it became ne-
cessary to strike out eleven days to make the divi-
sioua answer to the best received calculation.. Mobs
were then found to protest against this alteration,
and heroes were also found to work on their folly
and passions. I'eople were found preaching about
the absurd notinu that they lost eleven days of their
existence by the change, and great efforts were
made to adhere in preference to the old plan..'.
It was finely ridiculed in Ilogarth's print, its which
the mob were repiesetitt d throwing up their hats in
great commotion, and exclaiming "Give us back
our eleven Jays—why are they to be taken from us?"
—(Laughter)—The same absurdity was always to
be practised upon the credulity of the multitude.
He next proceeded to advert to the banner with the
inscription, " Let us die like men, and not be
sold like slaves." Gracious God ! exclaimed
the Learned Comisel, what meanitiNhad such an
inscription as float ? who was going sell the 'people
—who was bargaining for the good peopleof Oldham,
Royton; of Leeds, Rochdale, Middleton, and the
adjauting nieces ? If nobody was then employed
in selling these people, what was the object of the
inscription ? another flag was a painted dagger
alone; what could be the meaning of such a de-
vice as that ? was it meant to convey to the people
that through the operation of such an instroment,
they were alone to carry their point ? Ile knew not
what could be said to justify such proceedings: he
retired there were those in society, who, though they
had not the coinage and audacity to proclaim base
opinions front their mouth'', were yet ready to in-
sinuate them in any other less direct chanuel.—
The Learned Counsel then, after some further
remarks iii reprobation of such devices, asked
whether it were possible for society to exist
if it were competent to any mast to carry the
people about after him in 'Heeling% like these ?--
If 'they were tolerated, the civil power would
be obviously found inadequate to the preser-
vation of the public peace, and a large military
force must always be imposed upon the people to
ensure the public tranquillity. If the facts com-
municated to him were supported in evidence, lie
apprehended the Jury would, by the conviction of
.the Defendants, put an end to these threatening
dangers which menaced the public tranquillity.
He left the whole case to their consideration, and
requested them to form their conclusions alone
on the evidence submitted to them.
The first wittiest called was
Thomas Tiddler examined by lifr.Segjesnt HurrOce.—
I keep the Red Lion, three miles from Slot kpori, where
Mr. Hunt came with a servant on the afternoon of the 9th
of August last ; he baited his horse, and third at my house.
I know the Defendant, Mr. Bloorhanse, who was • coach
proprietor and auctioneer at Stockport. Mourhouse came
immediately after in a post-chaise with his brother, and in-
quired for Mr Hunt, whip had just left my house. After
stopping five or ten minutes, he went off in the direction
Mr. Hunt went on towards Stockport. When Moorhouse
first came in the neighbosirhood of my house, Mt. Iluut
was at my hotter, but she former did slut the', eater. Mr.
Haut stopped four hours.
Cross.examiiitd.—lt was not true that Mr. Hunt was
met by Nutritious(' at Bullock'. Smithey, and conducted on
to Stockport. All I know is, that Mr. Hunt hail gone from
my house !afore Mouthonie tame there. I know Mr. Moor-
house intimately shear Armco years; •nd he is in Ilse habit
of stopping at my house when he musts that way. I have
heard he attrinnd piddle meetings since the Mb August ;
but I cannot state it as a fact. Before first time I never
heard that he did.
Cross-examined by !!Ir. HunT.—Mine is the principal inn
at Bullock's Smithey; Monthouse stopped opposite my
house in the amain, and did nut call ; he did at his second
visit wheo Mr. Hunt was guise; it was • matter of public
notoriety that Mr. Hoot was there; Mr. Hon, stopped four
hours at toy house; Mr, Johnscro, of Manchester did not
call there; one Jump did, stud irked to see Mr. aunt, into
whose room be was admitted; I know cone of She other
Defendant.; all I know is, that, by Mr. Hunt's permimitin
I conducted three successive parties of two each int• his
room; the dour was nut locked, any body who inquired was
admitted; I know of no olut carried on there.
Re-examined by Mr. Iterjeaut Ilitet.oca.—The parties ad.
mined to Mr. H uut were strangers to him.
Henry Loins., rambled by Mr. Caoss —I kept the White
Lion, at Stockport, on the Bth of August Isle on that night
Mr. Moorhouse suit Mr. Johnson came to Mr. Hunt at my
house; and also early ou the following morning,. whets they
acre joined by • stranger and a crowd of persons. I raw
the Crotteman whirwas called Sir Charles Wolseley, and at
• late period of the osoniiiig of the eth of Augno, Parana
Harrisou joined them. Such crowds were not customary al
Stockport, except when Mr. Hoist was making his speeches;
They wrut (or some of them) into Mr. Mworhunse's house,
where chaises were getting ready in the yard. Due gig wall
also there into which Mr. Hunt and Sir Charles Wolselry cos
teed, cm! Moorhouse and Johnson went into a chaise, and
went off all together towards Manchester.
Cross-examincd —I know Slooresouse perfectly well, and
that he worked stages uu that line of road. I don't lino*
that he takes its other hones than his own to bait. He toot
its Mr. Hoes certainly at this time. I can't say that
Mr. Moorhouse has been in the habit of addressing public
meetings, bat he certainly had two, three, or four crowds
about this time, when he used to be speaking to large meet-
lags ou thermal!.
Cross-examined by Mr. Huirr.—My buoiaess is • publis
tan, I keep a chaise, and so does Hr. alloarbouse, liut I am
not a rival of his. I have known public reeetiageat Study.
brow, and attended theta, but I StVerillM Mr. Illeashatess
there; if he bad, I should have recolkeohld it; I am sae of
the yetresaury, and was called upon in that way to attend the
meetings; the sarue cause led sue to Manchester on the Nth
August. 1 have said that crowds were there to hair Hunt'.
and Moorhouse's speeches. I never saw new& shoot the
Duke of Wellington nor sreuud Mr. Cross, the Learned
Counsel, after the Derby trials. I was at it. Peteetolield,
Mauthes:er, en she lith. Here the winces smiled, mad fits
being salmi she cause ma, I could not help laughing.,
fur we had no right to becalled there. I was its the Cheshire
the dispersion the Manchester Mettles on

A

f, ~

o'clock, sad Illikidged perhaps ab hour, or an !mut and a
half. I saw nothimg particular bat the people ruotiiitg nee
way or another ; the Cheshire paosnaury remained mull—they
cut nobody, though I saw some peoplerlown l it did out at-
tract my particular attention. T cannot my oho tut the pro.
ple. I do nut know at what lime I left Stuckpiirl ; it might be
Tor 6 o'clock; ketwecu that Ind Piles *as %bent-Cap .
lain Newton rhootrol to late mr the neighbouring nowt,.
The Stockport troop had nothing to du with the running
away of the people. I saw some Hags which the e 'rah,/ had
is their betide; how the, calor ion their ham?, I c4itnot
asp. Some culottes got into our hand% two, I heliese, but
-how I don't know- We took back one ot the gags to littoritport.
I
upon the ground, by order of nor uffieets. A. we got t,„
the ground, the people were all rtliaussig . xerpt f.
Ire •t the litigant mild despers.-.1 saw,
resistance made to the Stockport :loop; I . is p•Netreg••tog '
to the meeting, but not in hitile array. I sari Italiala;
to
call for the interfeieitte of our troop.
Kt...examined —We acre formed to Ilse left or the (Otto,
but not in sight of the hustnigs, our could I site ahat•issf
going au in the t sirnpike road.
Mr. ScAstI.ETT lore objected to the relevancy of this
coarse of examination.
Mr. Justice B•Vt.tY explained to Mr. Hunt 1141 what
tailored the meeting of the 16th August 'mild not alterd
his case. The charge against him wan for a con•piracy
enteredilletilimeipreveht,i
jour...aTnedr.utrenmtwh,a,tityw, briars.i,u .1171(!•.:p0e1r11.
or the strict (tae, if he meant to impeach 1.":1C
Mr. Hunt thanked his liardeltip, mid se.:.! that was his
object.
Slither! Bentley examined —1 live at Newton Norri.. near
Stockport, and was there on the Silt August 14.1, suit saw
Mr. Julansoot !here to the uf iiirt day in a g:g with
Mr. limit, going towards Slottpot t. I saw Mr. Ila.rt with
the Gentleseau they esikd Sir Chattels Wotselt y ou the fol. •
luwiug day.
Crtinag xamitied.—l know Ile. Johnson; CM not a ye°.
mau ; have beets a del k in a coutiliug house, but mu now
out of employ. I was at Meaclesitr, on St 'Nigel-held, the
16th August, inertly from ruriusity, anal was at the back of
the hosting. • I saw no act of varleacc au.trog logobudy of people until the military crone. I .an uue 0r too
men very insisting, and trantaig to break through the rains
of the constables. I think there were 50 or 6,1,1100 pennies
there, and I ouly saw one or Iwo rough. Either on the way
or on the spot I saw nothing' that alarmed Inc until the
cavalry came. 1 was then, indeed, afraid.—(3lr. Hunt—
" It was quite tune then to look tir yourself.'l-•
I saw 00 mats artiallgilte people; I tree at Stockpot;
saw nobody cut, hut a countable pressed down by tbe'prOpto ;
I don't know whether be bad a limb. broke; I don't hoop,
whether he was fly tog from the caeah ; I elitok it ass as
the people were dying fium the comdry. I saw the cavalry
come moue; the people, arid I, who was for a moment alavia•••
ed, gut among the comsablte, whin termed two et es-from -
the house sheet else 31.igistrate• sal up to the hitt:togs. I
saw Nadia nu ilia groom!, but 1 *ay.: tiotioey imotit him
heard Mr. Hoot address the people, sod retuntateud thega
to be peat-cable, and they remained su instil the cavalry
charged, with the exception of one or too who wanted to
press roughly through the constables I knew uric of floret, •
Thumnsou.
Ettantineil by 3Tr. ((ARROW —I know Mr. Montrlstarie,
but I did out ace tun uu the liii.tinga;
.he was o. the mar-
riage going there
Ito-exaniineil by Mr. Serjenial HULLOCK—Cut nothiug of
any isle real !motional in this re-exousivationi, except his
stating he saw the flags with inscriptions among the people,
and the coach brie[ up Mr. flout and Mr. Johoseili to the
hustings, and that be beard Mr. Hunt say tots th•,
" If any people break the pea. e, put them down, kerpilsetti
down, nod make then, quiet." He could limn insj
ui!g-
meat bow many of the (turd 'Dub! hear Mr. Hunt.
Mary Cadman examined-1 was a servant *ills Mr,
Moorlionse teat August. (ha the Bth August, !title ass a
bed made up for him there.
Mr. Hunt—. I admit I slept there on that night."
Mr- Motwhouse was (she added) a eery religious mait,and
used often to read his Bible, sod to the servants. Site ex-
pdlMlearritt an
seeNll,l,oail,
hslriuouoltsi tellU t
had
iddie ebtabliovirch.iii:r August.
eht look his Mr. A
wife with m.
"

I

SiMild ‘lortnn CXIIIIIIIIC4I..A lived on the 911. of Anglin
near St. Michaels Church, Manchester. 0.. that day there
was a great noise that Johnson, Hunt, nod Mourbouse were
coming They soou after appeared, the two frontier in a !it,
there was a chaise hehird them; they came opposite the
SAII.i Michael's Church public.huuse, with Sir Charles
Wolselry. Mr. Haut gut tot his legs. and bezau speakang
from the lie. He said, among other things, in allu-
sion to the Manchester Magistrates, and compared them to
nine tailors being nn • shup.board, fur forbidding the nutt-
ing that was to be on the 9th, and 'shirk he said w is a I. gal
',Strang. He encouraged than to lie firm sled come ter.
ward, and no doubt they would 111114111 Cf. &fare this took
place, I had area the placards from the Slagistratra posted
on the wells of the town, forbidding the inert ng of the o.h.
The nine persons who signed Os placard were all Magis-
trates. There was a great crowd niu.enabledlo •ee Mr Hunt.
In the course a-that day Mr. Hunt rseemmeirded theta to
come forward on the Ifith ; the call wait miser' .11 by loud
cheer* and cites of tent!;' Mr. Hunt lawn waved his
white but; lir. Johnson was with Hunt, whose ete,celi con-
tinued about leaf an hour or three quarters; they then
drove off to Mr. Julansoit'a house to dimmer, as I support ;
about nous, the following Monday, I pirteived in my thou-
sands olio uple in motion ; I saw Mr. Johnson coining with
his throng near Willow Grove; Haut and Juhnsuu were
carriage with a greet comber of people, 5 or ti marching to
breadth; and I thought they kept step very well, like soldiers ;
the body was half au hour moving by where I stood. There
was some music., tor I ['record a hugle blow. They Imbed at
Moiety the constable's dour, and hissed him : n men gins:
the signal by a shout.—(lle then dascribrd the banners.)

Mr. !ivy, said, Mat as it was in evidimee two of the Alga
were io pomessims of the Stockport 'mop of rum iury, tio.y
ought to be produced its Court, instead of being alluded to
by oral etrileare:
Mr. Justice DAWLIM said, that only two of them were said
to hare bees too disposed of
The witness, in his resumed examination, said--lo
Murray'stag the molt shouted Dist they waisted come %%ride
Mesa humbug. The tows was at this lime very tumul-
tuous, and 1 felt veep' meek alarmed. I have lived in Man-
chester forty year., and 1 saw nothing so tomultiome there
before. Public sod private business wad at a %trial l'eople
were afraid. lam a mauufecturer, and could nut cettaiuly
attend to my own Wainer'''.
Chusa•exaatiurd by Mr. HOLT.I 110 not know Saxton,
nor col I speak lu ht. person; lie isa stranger to rue.
Cross.examiaril by Mr. Hung• am a lostisminantifae-
turer, and 1 could not cal ry on my loy,ioraa that day frogs
the people goitre backwards and tor•warAds. 11•I'rn the pro.
" crimes was gore there was a gnarl deal riulutug up
and dowu. I live in I.:mica-row, No. Cr, sail that is out
near the road taken by the parties. I 11'44 al 11'ithe~
tiro% **lull I met the people eimaiug ; I stepped until they
passed, but 4114 nut go Wine afterwards to my business ;
went on to the pottier of Haitgingrldels, Oriel' is abwil
atone's theow from Wilkey Grove; 1 witr slavered at the lute. Is
flag, ■.. d 1 thought they *err going to kiwi sometbiug. 1 are
a married man; and have had ttu rhil.lrrn ; seven are 11.'4
lIVIWN Wet of them were at Peterloo, our did Igo to
place. Other people were at walk, thimelr I was in.
Notwitbatandiug ray alarm at the black Org. I did
go bona to mind toy bestows& and wire ar✓t retail',
weed, se with She crowd a abort way. 1 thougist tb..•
mulaadd Ira a dialstehare sod a fight. I heard trump!,
oblemiegs people gesterslly fight after they are done b10w'..,;
sr. 1 custard.' a seemorg tuniolimper whets there
leer ty aseireely._ 1 saw wale of the weavers come up
with Mr. Hut. Pleat, eV boya,ctrfa. sad women were is the
crowd. 1 casmot secure whisker they topaclard iu step with
them. I cannot tell obeaber dap sonars deli as Memel is
- Lwow to- • wham

yeomanry at (be dispersiou or the 111auebester Meetirg un I did; I ran wily apprab for soirodil ilia*. many *bum 1
the Pith August. • ;. knew •ssessse Abe al.rin did um tabs airmpeogap-
Crues.enansisred,..l bagbad itseauie it was a tiredly, and t pettily: furl wad MOWN di INDIA.. ail. M Sif." envisioned di
1 wait called's' as I shall ewer be read, to be, in defence of •,1 witsweit • if 'slotted 'Psis I. 1,0641144 there
Ylas and country, I aair so particular transaction diet' it world has* loon asolooft Arm" -4 aolt,hts choir's( et lb*
day. I was in say asiihrsa, sad bad sWorti sad pistol's. 1 Ariastialteboosbar dap.bullirosowlialow.rdefor lissioroo• Ito
saw an nuirtillog is snwy, eicept talons Oft porsoartry tadi•lilweitaseog Ibis wares Ines ovalbogoopsootkoasits hit itisad
asidkew—a• kingdom, at Illandwatoto but y saw lags mad a Ow woos applettl~ll,ll4ilw I.l*
bassets. 1 was at 51. Petees•heid betwixt see aid Ism differcloCr was, that woo larked arawilWeg late war aid thS.
