'F

e

-,~

~,

lir t►e reliefs. lite pap ►y the termitic oa of IMAM
worts, to evissi the time for the mimeos of the advises:es.
After a few weeds f►om Mr. BRIGHT leave was given.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER afterwards
hrooght in the Bill, which was read a first time, and or-
dered to he read a serood time to mover.
The Parket Vessels Limos''s( Bill went through the Com-
mittee, sod was ordered to be reported on Monday.
the HUNTER BLAIR moved far certain retinas relative
to spirits distilled is Sattlaad.--Orsiered.
Lord MILTON pistoled a Petition from the Owners of
Hoists and Lands in the town of Hell complaining of the
arbitrary imposition of Rates by the Corporation.—Ordered
to be printed.
Mr. Serjesut ONSLOW moved that a Menage be meat to
the Lords requesting their Lordships would be pleased to
dirert a copy of the Report of the Commissioners appointed
by them to marsh Records and examine all matters relating
so she rights of Peers of (he Realm to be laid before that
House.—Ordered.
Mr. GREN FELL asked whether it was true, as he had
beard, that she Right Hon. the Chancellor of the Exchequer
• not mean to pees the claim of Gen. Desfouraciux
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said it was
his intention to support the claim of Geo. Deifuorneaux,
but be would not give any proemial opiuiuu on the merits
of that claim.
NEGRO APPRENTICES.
Mr. WILBERFORCH rose to c ill the attention of
the House to the condition of •uch overfly* us had
been found nu hibird.slaving shipa. After the puss-
of the Abolition Act, an Older in Council bud
testi, issued, directing t, it GoVelliON Of our Colo.
hies where negates
.rescussl front slavery by the
cologne of the vessels on boairl of which they might
Le found, should be lai.iled, in provide fur their
Twine apprenticed, or taken into the army or navy,
as they might sirefer. In pursuance of that order
many such negrues had beet' apprenticed, some for
bruittvii years; and some fur longer periods, and
oilieis haul been taken into the army End navy.
The term of the apprenticeship of many of the for-
Hier kid already expired, and that of others would
►hortly expire, and many of the latter had been
discharged Irma the service by the reductiori of the
avy'and the disbanding of the West laths regi-
lariats. Many et these were found on the expire-
tima of their service to be nearly as unable to provide
hue themselves as at the first moment of their re-
trna! front the ►lave ►hips. It therefore was an
object los well of humanity to the individuals, as of
interest to the communities into which they might
be cast, that they should be removed from ell fear
and danger of again falling into slavery, and that
they should be put its the way of providing for them-
selves, nod breumi..g industrious and useful mem-
bers of ►ociety. The tawnier in which those indi-
viduals should he disposed of was is question of
great sacety, and in orders.* a satislactuiy arraisge-
m-ot, it was first of ull speceinsary that tile names,
number's, and gnalifications of each should he as-
ertained. Many who had returued to Sierra Leone
had urea settled iii villages, *bete they exhibited a
pleasing, arid eucoureging spectacle of order, indus-
try, rod improversieht. Ile was not swine of any
iteceasity for soling Inure out she subject at present,
and caticluded by moving an litinitile Address to
ibis ilajeaty, pea) tog that lie would he pleased to
direct returns to be made of all the Africans in the
several colonies and islands in the West holies and
elsewhere, cirttioistanced as be had described, di.-
tinguishing their names, ages, sod qualificationii,
a hether apprenticed, or serving iu the army or envy,
and the dates and terms of their apprenticeship, or
have! or military service, nod the period ugliest they
became entitled to their discharges, and that such
measures may be adopted as shall be eepedient for
their future protection and provision.
After a few words from Mr. WARRE, Mr i GouL•
BURN, and Mr. BERNAL—

. Sir R. Wtt.sotr said be wished to know in whet

steamier the increase in the returns of the number of
slaves in the island of Jamaica under the Registry
Act of 1817 over the number returned under
the census iu 1815 could be accounted for. He
*died this net with a view of imputing any blame
to the Government of Jamaica, but in order to re-
move ally erroneous impression which the difference
its the returns might produce of the increase having
been occasioned by fresh importations of slaves.
Mr. GOOLBUIN said the difference was probably
occasioned by the circumstance of the census in
1814 being ordered with a view to the imposition
of a poll-tax, which would give to the proprietors
au interested motive fur the concealment of the
real number of slaves on their estates, which the
Registry Act of 1817 did not bold out. Besides
of.ich, under the census persons not having a cer-
t.ia number of slaves were exempted from making
any return, whereas all were obliged to make re.
tutus under the Registry Act.
The motion was then agreed to.

Mr. MARTIN, of Galway, oaring to the bate period of
the Session, and to the Bill which he had contemplated not
meeting with the approbation of many of the Members of
t Ire House, requested permission to withdraw the notice
which he had given of a Bill relative to the Punishment of
The Crime of Forgery.—Notiee withdrawn.
Mr. DENMAN presented an amended Petition from
Gcoegs Edward., the person employed some years ago in
lb. attempt to weigh the wreck of the Royal George, pray-
:erg that his case might be investigated.—Ordered to be laid
on the table.
The Metropolis Wider Supply Bill was read • second
time, and ordered to be committed on Monday.
