prepu..._ .
iti..spiworril with nso7e cupidity thou the older coin,
ur that Groveriniserst have determined to Crisit or pos.
print the e lige of the sovrrrigos until Hume future
!period. Irust the interv.il may he employed 10
rrvi•ion of the die fo► this stew money, which its
considered by the public aid by fureigit uutitrus a
disgrace to the English Mint.
11? THE FESTIVAL 0 t E.OTER.

Pawn
worshipped
thube
stirpe-
' thrir
reli-
shout
pub.

c worship . - Goddess
took place in the mouth of April ; end
ta,-oas the final e►tabhshwent of the fissions io
after k llwg multitudes, of the Britons,
und subjecting the rest to slavery, sunny of the
u•:tt churches were converted nits &MOO
telll;tiro, lit which Eater was worillipprel-8.1,
uposs the re-introduction of Christianity by St.
Augustisse, or Au■uu (afterwards consecrated the
fit •t Archbishop of Canterbury, and thl. first monk■
who st•rotup vied him from Koine, at the expri..s
command of Pope Gregory, about the year 53(ii),
many of these Sisson temple► were again Cohen ;ea

intoClasstusia churches; and, ur thelertival of the
Guslders Easter liipperied about the same liaise
Bit Chrirt.aii festive), St. August.'lie, who wished
to coov"st the SaXlllll6 by the iiiildert minas, sod
without having; recourse to aiiy iegulAtions !kit
would be revolting to the superstitious feelings and
customs of the people, ',tarred the celebration of
the Christian ferns/al to bear the name of Eu.ttr,
which it has dime to this day.
Nuw, as to the tone of fixing the festival, it thus
lay;traird :—Tite Coustantiuopolitan, or Ea-testy
church's, kept the. Christian festival on the 14,1.
day of the new moon in Nlaicli, whatever day the
14111 happened to fall upon, whether on Sunday or
nut, au:conflux to the Mosaic law, ',dying. that
St. John kept it so. The Western 0.• Hannah
church kept it on the flirt Sunday after the
14th day of the new moon in March, raying, that
St. P.ul and St. Peter did so. Disputes having
taken place among the Clergy, upon the Continent,
as to the tiler of keeping the kstival, the Council
of Arles, in the year 314, decreed, that it should
be kept on the Sunday immediately softer the
14th day of the us vr moon that should happen
after the vernal equinox, or .21st of March. These
disputes made their wav into the Christian
churches eshildislitii its V.:,gland, wild, at led,
()may, a Saxon K sit. derided hi (Ashur of St.
Peter ; said ever since Enter Day has hero kert 111
Er.gl.vid and the B itirh &minions, ins the host
Sunday of the new nnoou ill Mardi, that 11111allii
follow the vein::) rsinti:,,x. air 21st of Now,
the ',ear 1110C1. ?slarch, this year, liappeiorl on Sid
turday, the jthe syst,i•,t ; therefore, the fiat Salu-
da). alter ilia v,rusal 1-4iiiinox must tale place sill
the $3.1. the day utter—the very reit:est day sow
which Easier Sunday could possibly 1411. By the
way, 1 believe 'hat the 11.11106 of she dais id the week
ere sill Saxon : Sunday, firms Salina, the Sun, (lithe
feminine gender; in %he Edda, the it:elan:llc book
of Gottlic Alythology ; the Moon's Day;
Tuesday, from Tuiseu, any of their Gort,frsset.;
NVe-nesday, Irons the Cod %Virden, or Oiliss ;
Thsifola3, (ruin ihr God floor; Finlay. front the
Goddess Firs; and Sadtarday, hew the tiud sAins.

Snip* mortii g (the 19th). hatZssresi tai
three r stmt number or puniest were dr.
teeted by the tivice (Ai ers itt the art of piaylint at.
torah, wtii ligAlid roadies. iu au 'pas jiWd, hoot
St. Attu% chap. 1, within the liberties of Noweno.
tie; three of thew were aporeheuded and lodged
nr site homer of correction till Motolay tow g,
when they v.ere brhuglit before the Sitting Magi-
thrift,. Tbey reptethed great contrition lvtr their
ctitt.;utt, add I:is idsoitistag amendment. were do.
cluirxett. Atter beidg boritsd titer to good behaviour
for twelve lA, It a* viivreted that there picas-
gdte hid been *timed out of a 'public-house
i.l SitidAmir. at it late hour on Kitusday eveuitl,
mod had gout to the field to Asia their erne.

---•-•"'-

• .
I • '• Org i NA* 1.
---`4llllwi- . I
Ik ' : • IfiAttZiiiiiiiiivadiikiloiseirifrieli, July It.
I We should' not winetef' iviiictilisillsig in Vielsaa,
by three ur fear bays, could we have tact WWII an
agreeable conveyance, fin wr have; siren all the
eights, anal prinlathatleil the city round mod room! ;
• population of two Isissirireif and twelity or thirty
• thousand awiris is) soma reviewed Ity the lynx-rtril
• traveller. 1 Iscr iii•tituision* are not insineisres,
hut their biubh-• ore. 1 *us artoinslied at the
'lsplessilsour sent eXtent of their C.llOlll jewels, they
till favor rooms. aml a loug gallery. Crowns and
• sarestres, illanichul- and pr.c.ots• lb •of ad.-sorts
: end alarm, silver and „old, immure and abundant.
They mare iii this j=o,ot IA , the crown and sceptre
•'" imperial robes ..urn by N.iiielrou Bonaparte, iss
I Ki«,-; 1 holy. The•e trophics Is. came the snails
. of Auxins, mans after the battle of Liipsir. 'rlory
1 ' air fairly wall placed in Inc archlre, of Vieurci,
as shill Emperor cuaimlela himself, as the sitylosz is,
1 • legitimate .lescendmit from the Romans. •I•lsere
is • greacaimplarity in the euherneiii.,, if •Napo-
'lrrom's crown; but this +art of bauble, simple or
Icomplex, plain sir gorgeous, will neither sit
easy or lung on the lie ili of tyranny. Title su-
mmary here is fur savesitir and snore extensive
than our artnotlry in tire Tower, awl is also dil-
-1 played with even fastastical aisigularity soil taste.
i l'he Itoyal captives film all tune are exhibited ars
the very armour in which they were taken priaossess,
and the weapons of war arranged chronologically ;
perhaps their great guns are inferior to aunt, but
ltheir lotion arni• are inure numerous.

I had 14 very interesting d won S iturday. We
wrist to [laden, a bathing place within 1.5 F.orgle%ll
miles of Vitoria, where are the Einprror. Eisrprrrs,
Maria I...quisa, and your;; Napuleoir. Diming at w
tavern', I had in view at intervalsasiti for two hours,
young Napoleon and his Mother. He retools ts very
line Ivry indeed, and his slier a itialrstre mod
brantilOl erratum. The Archdukes Charles sod
John, brothers of the Emperor, were likewise at
Medi 4.

Jerome Bonaparte, Ex-King of 11'W!)huhu, left
1'I,:113111 yrswiday moniiini, for Lanz, whither he is
gone to meet Ins wife, the ilasigliter-iii-lavr of our
Ptesscrets Euyal to mixture, I fear, of Royal I;giti-
inate and illegitimate blood—crosses, however, have
been known to improve the breed). She is at
Stutgard MIN 111.1 i to the Queen anti Queen Dow.
lager of Wirtemberg, and the King her brother.—
.1, rotor was on the promenade with his Aide-de-
e:time fur stone time on Sunday evening. He lies
not half that intelligence in Ins couideseanee which
was wont to light up the features of 1 who, at
at St. Helena, is at once the captive and terror of
all the Magnanimous Potentates of Europe. Young
Napoleon is even, at his age, under severe discipline
as to education. He has sex different musters, besidei
one superintending tutor. Tlw buy is exceedingly
sharp and acute. The other taunting, when passing
through the gallery at the Palace (I hod the lore-
du 'e from .t Reettlensaii present), lie suddenly stopt
lit observe a soldier on duty, and at once putting
himself in an erect pts-ition, he said, " I think
that in the noun whq helped to pat al father
Is prison." It is thought that the boy is instruct.
eat to cherish the feelings of revenge—swans like
hem of Africa at the altar. But when he felines, as
he soon will in Plums, that eliere is no true victory
but that which iv gained trithuart wousiding the ho.
flour slid dignity of the victor—" Ease vernier este
tietovinat, gate suleti flole et itstegrd dignitate para-
bitur"—lbis resentment may, perhaps, be turned
into pity and contempt,
The Emperor of Austria Ira& a life, the tenor of
which is exemplary and 'statute. He always resell
early, and dines in lies private cabinet alone every
day at twelve. Ass aid woman has been his cook
frosts 16s earliest years. At two, he joists the Empress
and the !snort Faintly at their dossier, but eats
He is not iie else least afraid of .therein,{
hiasseff to his ets; and it is delightful to ere
the cordiality that stems to subsist nutmeg all the
branches of this homily.
The palace of Schitenhrtiiiii, where young Napo-
leon resider, and where his mother likewise remains,
when its Austria. is Neely magnificent. Its gardens
ate grand untl extrusive, :mil preserved in thee best
order. It was iii this palace Bonaparte first saw the
portrait of Maria which he ordered to be
taken down and sent to Paris.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

&silica ihr Rosario on a crab*.

rurtrlNtorrn, JULY V).

lALMOI Tll. JULY 27.
Sailed the Lady Lou:sa packet with a snail fur Gibraltar
and 311.11ta.

Pi 111 W ICII, JULY 29.
Arrived last uitht the Lord N..lsu packs* wills • mail,
&r. (rum Holtami ; Kuria, --, with paaaeugen from Haut-
burgh; ard Ilulinuat,Juhanotrun; (rum Hainaut.
li-ol tie K. rnfny pae of with a snail, fur 1101 laud;
and au packet, r itb ditto, fur Curb:mot.

naat., JLI.Y 29.
Arrived mid aritSed fa► Ihr River, the Creational' Park,
fmin J ; Newcastle, &awn, 00000 ditto ;
V telvticr, Greco. front ; Treat, Lungbrilitiro, nom
(Aorta c; hula diitu; alai bt%cral inure, par_
ineat.as oakraori.

ails Ow It 4..;,•,,f the how, .v.tril-iroutol fur the River that
arrired yeatt.d.sy.

•RAVt'SFUP, JULY 29.

. Arrived the Ellidtemlie.kihta,T.i,s. i.• Nerway ; Viuw
limbos inn. Heitman ; and Vruw 3lette, Celt, fount Brew. n ;
h•eldririf from Atustet .14 us ; (ruin
/War VPIW —, Itnfuinn, fl Usll Rutteralill Sift l'rrz-
gt r, ftwon Calais; Vons,T, Arianr, Hawkins, from Mrdeira;
Gus., Ittuthruuc,3lol4. no. burn Antwerp; Neptuur, Strnu-
nark, fr.,n. Perernt; Thetis Elktby, Gum Uneber; Bs I--
them 311Laras, (rum XL end ; Ape tleauis), front Palau;
a:111 :111114U:* ref 'lV.llin. tmy, irtible,, from Riga.
Sailed the lotrrpid Thurator, for GthrattAr; iVel
lington, Owen, Q.orttre; friends K 14,1, fur 11 traulursu ;
114"1"7. 1"3("Y. for Herus, ratnant, for Cataui;
vnor A:2%1,4144 m; Pay. tier Calais
knawr, Cullen, fur Ilabrigni anal Itattluerablr, llntisuts, fur
Antwerp.

Tlw Florida, which are now the tohject of ilia-
/tore between the bulled Stater :old Sprite, httse
frequeutly kirotegerl taat•terr. %%Pr st Florida, us far
as the river watt ti*llell mil or fistttert by
the Preis( h; tiir teutaiutirro mud 3111 Ella. FLOWN,
by tho! Spit iattly, prerioutt to 1709, lLea they wer-t
etrted to Ilan,. But by a Trciaty of 1763, Grvi t
liritaiu tetroct-ded to Semie all the territory whien
Spoilt and rroure LAtl tedeLl to her io 17L t.

• Ric I T.
• f
Cesolinsted finis the jlral rue )
114. Loliesson's Examination, continued.
. •
CAN it make any difference to.lhs pia/hailer, *Wilier Cie
works remain imm the wary.roues or me given to the pubbe
buds's, in eases where they are mot sold?—Cot the publisher
would out allow them to remain their.
Sapp s-nig Ist cannot sell, them, eitisec sit the first or the
enetem prieek., bet they become easte paper' ?—lf Le rail
,t,,,bt aim sor tithe thau waste paper, it is theu owy the value
of the wash paper; Mel 111 st rarely. happens,
Tlwu it makes the ddreresace of 11w *action priorl—Ys a,
it hues.
llisto Omits are out bought by time pulmlie, rut have the
eustain of submittioi4.to sli,spose of thesis Cl au inferior mice
autonz yourselvcs?—"That is the custom, certainly.
Y.411' auction it costGuell to the trade!—Yes.
Tlw trade bid one against another'?—Yes.
The prices Vary Very 'noels ?—l'ea.
Are they slut generally sold there at very reduced prices !
—The shades of difference at those auctions are between
the full pier and the waste paper price.
Are not those auctions unknown 111 the public, and of
your owls private remoter/scut ?—Quite unknown to the
'llse average price at those sales i" the medium price be-
ll/west the full price mull the waste paper prier?—Yea.
Are, or are nut, 'our tartest number of unsuccessful
works dispoNed of at the trade salsa?—They are
In the cn.e of an edition of which all the COpICII are sold,
the Committee is in understand the addition of Ore per
cent. to the price will indemnify the publisher oil se edition
ut 350 ci.pa.!—.l ha is simply au arithmetical question.
Will the addition of five per nut. materially hurt the wile
of that impression?—'Pleat is a thing ou which it is intima-
,ible fur one to cive au opinion simply; of course it would
he dillieult to add precisely five per cent. to the price of a
hook, In-canoe there are rectilar prices; if • book was prier
live guineas, 51. 10a. W1111;1111C au awkward prier,uther prices
would be cid more awkwas-d ; but in halm: the price of a
book, a small sum will sometimes deters/slue the sale of a
book, which shall vary 11101 C dose that small SUM shall appear
precisely to call for.
Generally speaking, would the addition of five per cent.
1111 ass edition of 250 copies materially affect the sale?—
It would be difficult to answer that question, because the
inter of hooks is at peewit. generally complained of; y
are very tench advanced a late years, and therefore we
Silwaya apiwelintil, Isom the raising the price iu the least
degree, some sholi.intion of .ale.
You slat nut fino the apprehension very generally verified?
—lt a work does nut sell, it is impossible to say precisely
the este'''• of its nut selling.
:f a work is sold, the price of which is 10s. would theaddi_
lion of sixpence to that work, in your judgm 111, he a Cause
silt 11111.11W1111111( the sale of diet work ?-1. should nut hove
any great apprebeusious un the subject, certainly.
Is Not the expensive mode of prbstest books one great in.
lerieptiuu to the sale of them ; twisting oil wire-wove prise.
ed paper. and so us, has out that impeded tlw sale of book" ?
—I do not think so; it depends rely much upon Ike nature
of the ova ; once books sell the better fur being hand-
somely printed ; 1 have uu doubt ail, that they would sell
less if they wire less expensively printed.
Independently sense price of materials, is not the present
mode of prisitiug hooks muck more expensive than it was a
few years ago ?—Yes.
Of all s:esesiptions?-1 do not know, of all descriptions.
Is that occasioned by your own taste, sir called for by the
taste of the public'—We are always indurated by what we
consider the taste 'attic public.
if au addition of Gee per cent. he put urn, the price of
books, would it not, upon the whole, discourage booksellers
from making contracts with authors ?—lt *wild sometimes
lute the scale.
Have you any means of knowiegwbeilser the public think
the
_price toe high hut by the not svlhog ?—We haves sto
other means uf knowing thou the objections that we bear, and
Ilse book sot Delbert.
Yost du smut mean that the price is the only cause of the
non-sale of books ?—By no means.
Have you experienced a dintinutio• in the sale, since Ilse
prices hale been raised, of any particular works ?—I am nut
prepared to instance asmy particular works.
Is, an impression of 250, speaking generally, if the whole
ers re sold, accurdiug to the usual price put upon stub books,
',mild the whole amount he much more than egoist to the
expellees !--Certainly; the price would he fixed so as to allow
the ordinary ;elk.

. -
Would out the price of eleven copies bear a large propor-
tion to the total profit put opus the Impression ?—Eleren
copies were estimated just now at are per rent.; the profits,
of course, would be .nuitnished ire per cent.
Unless the price mold be added to the rest ?—(►f course.
Could you arid that pries to ■ll the work. you publish,
without wijary to their ask ?--I cannot consider that that
price can he added without injury, our could the price be
traded iii all cases at sit.

Could such a price be put upon an impression of 430, as
would hring the profit of such small impressions out of pro-
portion to the profit nu • larger impression, that is, the
profit, upon the same number?-1 should rather expect the
profit to be less than the usual proportion of a larger im-
passion.
Would not, therefoie, the taking away eleven copies bear
a larger proportion to the deduction from the profit ?—The
aleveu copies mould be a heavier deduction ou a small im-
pression than a large sow.
The grievance of paying eleven conies is. in your opinion,
heaviest upon the small inapressious?—Certainly.
Upon au edition of a thousand copies it would be much
liglitcr?—Tlie grievance would be hoarier on a smaller
uuntla•r than a thousand, than it would upon a thousand.
And the indemuilicatiou necessary to be added to the
price could be more easily procured upon an impassion of a
thousand copies than upou any smaller impression ?—lt
would certainly be easier, inasmuch as it was less in pro-
portion to each copy.
Would you, iu point of fact, upon a thousand or two
thousand copies, think it policy to advance your price, if
the obligation of depositing the stereo copies should be en-
furceil!— We should in 110 OUP advance the price of a book
elutes' the neceseity of the case railed for it ; the prier of
those eleven curies, with the •sldiliun of other collateral ex-
penses, would influence the raising the price of the book
wlwn the value of the eleven copies could justify the raising
of the price.
. . .

ur is mat, the present price of literary works complained
of by the public and by literary amen ?—Certainly, it is very
touch complained of.,
!Inns it, or dues it nut, in their opinion, affect lin ra-
tan:l 1w any opinion it trails to dim.uub the sale of
Woks ; 1 am certain it does in the foreign market, iu a very
great di pee.
Are there not army works which pontos considerable
literary reputation, of which only small inspiessions are
taken
If the profit of eleven eurii s was taken from those storks
would it not tend 10 dtwoureize the publication of many
such works have IMI doubt that it world.

Are the worka that have the must literary credit, in VPSIC.
rat, thaw that are most calculated fur a large impression ?
Certainly nut always, by any means; a weak may possess
very great lit. eary anent, yet the subject may nut be very
popular, sail asa that cave the ;ruck would out be adapted fur
a large impression.
Are there, Of nut, many important works so eircurn-
slanted !—Cerlaanly, away fury important sod very Valua-
ble works.

What expenara du vuu Cllll%.l4kir early individual work to
la ar, ihrlektrunfrat of our it• ral expo:sr* of hi/sines.
Paper, pro ti nt, ruararurei plinung the encrar hr., rtlitua .
alsip ter authurkhip, Civet tieing ; Orme are the pliutipal ea.
protats Skis weer to rue,
lithe suivrrliain,/ a upecific earns:: nputt every intlis Waal
work ? Cu heinty.
. .

Dar% it slot .trestr to you, in yaw practice a.. a publiAce,
. have mainistripts oftrii so(l'tTc.l to you, which, (mon )our
man optsii tttt ur the upintuus of it...ar you eunsoh, are cuuri.
dried lu have prat merit, but %both y. u think ail out pay
C36114.11Ara of pubitc..timt ?-C. 041,114.
ilvtent glut ugly Illet y it, the price of those

iroft4 oper)te .4UI mare 414rrisig you fra:a was
&flaking the public:lli...l of hrou ?—(7,11 311,
‘1.11111.1 t..r i:eoui of ciprn,o• yno Lists 0,-1. the toinlitr,
eoar4y,ing, 114.111,10..1 by the
picinM.4liege° copos..?-11w clever topics would heir
priv,w4 two of
_ . . -

to the priotiftz of ;:ir w.. 141.1 Ilie print ink rapr•te
br nt all aurrrite.l IlflU11111( cL•►eu copies Malt'
1%111 hardly spook of ,9 ropier, it i. 'Ott I mow! slumber to
;brew ; it tt so very rare, it Is nut a number worth taLiug
io-
lu the. ate:omit.

Siwpwe ntly outtuber under 3SO u eeu printed, would the
priminz rypistow tar i. 1.•, eAse.l?--Ce.t4iniv not.
Vrould the ative........e; expense lu at .11 itsereae.l by the
a11.1.1...n of the eleveu cuideo—The umourit of Live .tisdi*
Alould be ad gpted to the uttanba of caplev dud ale It, he

Yon wlttld uut tolvertine fur ILe purpose of procuring
those bodie% to take them vain l—Certnittly not.
Would the expense of adrertn.ing ulirected by (be print-
ing the rlet.en cryirs ?--If we priut n IlontAntul *llllllli, the
expense of advcriosiog would be t6c same, isideptioirnt of
that.

Would Ilse expense of printing the effizrasines be in.
creased ?—Ceitainly, the engravings would be priutel ex-
pressly fur the rleveirciipies.
The easvavinas are printed f..r the whale impres.ian of
SOU, are they wiersowsly; we frequeut'y print a
bundled or two hundred, as we want them.
the expense of makinz the copper-plate ur the
wood cut be increased?—Certainly not.
Then the total inereahe would be, strikiug off eleven ad-
ditional cuoaviugs, and the paper!—Yea.
Would ant the delivery of eleven copies be considered !is
our item of VCIDCINIt added to the other 11C111$ already tura-
tinned ?—Certaiuly
. . .

And iit the case of fifty copies, Violets n ease ever occurs,
would there be :my advertisement at all?-1 sLoold hardly
expect thst there would.
Have not the expenses of printing and paper very grtitt!y
ion-eased of late ?—Certainly.
Has nut that iserv,se of expenses of printint *nil paper
trailed to induce you to decline Ilie polklicat ton tunny
work., which you would have 18886114188 A prey' ly to di it
increase of expense, upon the ground that you cannot put a
proportionate price upon the article ?—Cert4inly ; works
do not occur to my recollectlion, lint I ant sure that is the
cite.

Is there this difference between the printing of letter-pass
and of Mites, that in the letter-Tress you strike 4.ff the
whole number at Once, butt that .1. to the plates yan impply
the demand as it arises ! Yin ; and eleven copies of the
plater would lee printed expressly for the deli►ery; the tic.
VIM' would out be inenrred meow they were to be delivered.
Very frequently, you say, publishers are do leo red (mon the
puldication of works of merit, fount the circumstance of the
expense; you also say, that the (Amuse of eleeei; copies is
connoted to the pritiliug of the engravings awl the polo r
those II copies; would the iletenniotatiota of refusing lu print
• work of some sat/ward merit be at all affected, nom the
consideration of the expense of the paper necessary• hue ele-
ven copies, and printing the copper-plates necessary for
those eleven copies?-1 cannot consider that the expen...e
cowed on account of the eleven copies iv of all confweil to
the paper, because, its determining the number that shall be
printed of a work, we dstertniae upon a 'mood number, Stnt
or a 1,099 copies; because we consider this the must advan-
tageous number to he pointed, it comprises the %stalk ad-
vantages. If we were to print 999 copies, we should lose
the advantages which we gain by printing a thousand ; and
therefore, I consider, that the expenses attached to the etc.
yew copies, comprise that portion of the total expense at.
lathed to the whole impression.
Your answer is upon the supposition that the 909 cop:e-,
or LIMO, are sold ?—lt had use reference to that oiliest hos.
Whets you calculate upon the otiodert..kiiig of a work, yon
Pmullte that the whole slumber of copies will be sold?—Of
course, we hope so,
_

When yua calculate smolt the loss of .keen copies out of
the thousand, you calculate upon what you presume will he
the sale of the work ?..Prestsinnig the whole number to be
sold to the public, or at the trade suction.
las postai of fano, what is the proportion of works of which
the whole impressiou is sold off, to the smother of woks
prettied am afraid the larger proportion do loot sell off.
Is it much more than one iu twenty of which the whole
impression is sold ofi '—l should apprehend, much mote of
books or value.

A,e editions of fifty copies the one.thou.antith part of ii-
teratere?—(Hi dear. ots; they are not %emit' 0114 ittioning.
Fifiy copies are nothiig; they are printed prob4b:y for an
aitth,trsa wield.. friends.

You mentioned, a little while agn, wills respect to the
port trade of books; iu what state du yllll conceive that
branch of the trade to be; has it increased or diminished of
late years?—The priuripil export of Fatglish books is to
America, which certainly has considerably diminished dur-
ing the war it is alingetber at au end, of course.
MO, to the war bow was it ?—lt was diminished.
What do you apprehend would, under all the circums
sluices, be the difference of the expense of pi inting an Mi-
lk's' in every respect the rune, the same paper and the same
types, in this country and in America?—! must speak very
generally.

Do you apprehend that they could materially undersell
the En4lish trade?—Certainly, vet y materially.
Do they print EnieliA books extensively in America ?--
Yes, more and mine (ref y year. All the stzoadard batiks are
printed in America.
Do they print well there?—Yes, very well, indeed.
Before the intescourse with America was stopped, dill you
not expect a lame vent fur EngliA bunks iu America?—
Certainly, we sent ant to a large amount.
Would out any addition to the price act as a considerable
impediment to then vent ?—Certainly, in every respect ; we
have complaints in almost every letter of the price of Lag-
b hooks.

H..• nut the trade been coroiderithly benefited by the Act
of IDOI, which extcuded the copyright t,) Ireland
it has.

To • very great extert !--To • considerable extent, ccr.
tam ly.

Arthungh fifty copies arc of no impnrlance in your large
concern, ill MA all etilligrin of that number of peculiar itn.
pirtunce to lbe author, who 'snarl hikes it?—Certainly.
Can you state whit the difference of the expense of pub-
lishing an edition of an expensive work would be in Eng-
land and in Prance, en:rsirings and whir ex-
p,nßes ?—I must speak very generally, as I hare nut esti-
mated the difference. With engravings the difference would
he ranch greater dun WllllOOll engiavisigr. In such a case,
I should nut be surprised to find the difference nearly one-
li.ilf; the enzravings arc au exceedingly expensive in this
cissoutry.

Do you know the ilifferenee of expense of engraving to
this country anti France?—No, I w;wask generally; but I
hear French booksellers speak et the dearness of our books
of art. %Ye art. publishing (7.0 Bla, with engraving, from
designs of Mr. Runt k... A French bookseller obscrved. that
he Monett the work would not sell iu Fratio., althongio we
had a french eilitiuu a+ well as an English, on aceutiut of
the great pike of it.
Is. general, in the pri•uhtg of-expensive works. illotatratell
by engravings, bare you nut formerly looked for minium-
ratlou very much 4nm the rUirt7,ll 11134keitj was out that a
considerable ohjt et to the speculation?-1 believe that has
been inure the case with printsellers than T 11140111! boot...ethos.
I can .careely answer that gnestion ; we have not been iu
the habit ourselves of exporting much to the em.tioeni.

. -
You hive not published many expensive works o ith prints ?
—Some we have.

Ilow many copies arerequired In lie delivered in America
to !heir piddle 11Warm. ?—Two eopit., I to lirve.

.- - -
Ihies it not happen iu 'mull edition% iliat vet y often the
whole impression is sold, even to the last copy ;-on,
cer-
tiirlTt generally.

More nitro Min not'—Yrs.
Theis of course the hole II copies Koald be 3 total loss?
Eseticils so.

Would Dot that be met. by addinir to that smolt comber
of iortittsa' II (-tapir.' !—Tit add 11 copwr 1.• '250, %maid
br a ruitsiderable calms,, the print, v. %von hi charge for :ion.
Would not in thrt cur Ike expense of th,,„, II
whisii,..iir.•pies, be twill to the pa itilie.g T.O ?-1.011.

. . _
11 here a worn k nor4h u I oh • rapid sale, laa a find
slur ut 45U cupics, is It nut u>ll4l itnrnctiinttly to rrint

anather cf '5O eu:riti arm wt.lk No, err.
14,u1! u./t.
Yvu 1.1•VIT priul q ilefirtiii Val 1, 11. till ti.r ft..l i•
c.ti.• • I 5:.01,..1 0 ,rsV. • li.yo•at• ra
vital 240, whirls supptio. tltr ay.% k. t No.ic Si 6).
1,/ clot cow you olio two col ,adcl, 111..4 a o. tgor 2:U
is oily rt.nou rot cippossui ,U 9 r.ii a‘i ?
laitouy uool.
do you I ItilllAte 04 hi 41 ri,ll/1411101.••Ir of )otl4
exp,taprlo boosiaftia, oft rt
eriiavute five i.rr ceat

Du you give any 1044:ter erellit is your brain, as than ankle
I.ears!—We loug ei wt.
Dues tins expose y. ur le ttitols to mi.) elrallr risk than
any other mole 11COU114: she fibk 111 away, LU pr‘poriiva
to the Iraqi% of r,e4ht.
What do lon estimate to be a fair proportion of %our, %.
pewits fur your bmocb by 6;0 €l4 toe ! 4Ve atiaaJte get..
i•i average of oar twin.* as 2, per rent.
Do you under .k.• exireirgse and :la 4111011 b p1a11if414114411. ?
~1:•1110,4,
Wi,.lt has att. Cycl, preclio, by Dr. 11.11,, cost son ?_Thera
has been already i xp, soled on the (yt lopietlia
How many years has that Ikea aelbaaj ?—Ten ur twelve
)4t14411.
What profit has yet hero divided ern it?—None,.p yet.
11 is out 4.910ph1e yet ?—Nu, a i. nut; bat ti0.th0.1...
is there any oihei 49/.1 k, rooluetong 4.1 testa letter .1.14
nail upon which you h ve tip. wird a awry large Cum!
—We hive viipeu.l.vi a wiry large awn am a work el A. I, ilia
ilriii..h Dialler) of I.

, .
11'7•14171 you 01.j141 to lialne ILe 741111?-3limy ti.uutaokl
pounds; I cannot pr,ess• ly ray
Fifteen Ih7•mgand'-1 Pomo ler so.
144 s ihr slot yrl yoar raio-uw.f7-11 has oat yet.
! yob (n.inrouly war borge .1.111 fur 4.77p)tieltla on wo.l:*
Which du not aucated?—That 77Ce.:77147.7.7
, ally.
Do you ofleit print oorlo‘, cson.lattot of toy number Irf
au! , a hiclo do 1101 •Pli ?—C.
Would or woo:d not Ito. fact, if bergs, hrnrole4777, 7•77,1
losing; 17771711c.,1104171, Irial...e the tielirtry 44 s Itaye:l
'oar 771a/71e Iralle 74 ouatrr!a g•••••,...'ir 111 y.. 77 ! 1.1e11471.0c
rle•To copies of the olrilr of our pubid :110,44, would i.a
Material glitrance, Cr,
Woold coo aid lake 777177 37711 r arrouot th.t wry 4.1,;•••,:5e,
in 3011 r ugrtrineni for a rul.yrigl7l!-1.. eat77giax wivil ar
author, we reri.Ouly ,doold lake tow ,uo.Ol, rale-as the etu.
wen cup•••*. it• uur claisunir, a 1.411 uould,or CUtirre, be likellll
$u dlm.ui.h 117.• .miltok's 1,1 oti:.
In lli.it ..r, ...mid or *,,u.,! out 117 e aua.ur he tlie iiijured
part ?--The ail r. is. dial toe, %.,t, 'it lit the 15.3t:1e71 party.
W..11!71 slat she 4:rdortio77 or Coo; rle•• 11 coeire (roil yule,
Ken, 5.71 17a7ie, .11111ine.17 11141 fru:77 1.7.,r 7.1.. h, up a Ihr w 14.. e
work, .11.111 Inane, s 1.1111 Us • SIM Val,. 41411.
as tar .Au 71 tr‘sal it a. old 'us
fund.

iVoto tit,• t copies d. lir. red. lii• nun t. fir* `vom the
general trattostum..4 k, than silty wore et. h u 0,1).,11
of the %took ca.ti.ot w etatt.i.ler .1; I( a In., tluti of it,e
Items i 4 takers qua* ti.• ri,a•en would lay ad4r.l as
the rewaind, r of Iho 4.. w. mute tutu
01 arc Maas IlKar piouuthim would tate- eriki• 164 : if we plat
n thousand copa, of I b w..•eu is the *.sit advaista.
grow: oninlier 10 WWI, It etleflpiibes all titer advaiitae.a;
if 989 41111112 are pr.5,1,,1. it isoul.! rust us ti.•
US if tar prmi. d • tinlitaitri; and the a lute the itiivaiduca
that we 1.11.).:14 upon .110.1.• (towel' topic* Irovetl;
we iikushi i.ut wish to !obit 959, and kW the exits
_

if 9:19 r pier rim p: infra, rather t!..ans 939, its there nuy
rl^.t• as to the cxl.rme 4.1 rilsturrhip ?--No„
is Mery Sal, .I.lfrreme to thsclti-o cell, faxes, bad cis bit,
and isthrr rxiseisrst ?—No,

Mrs the la .cr a.laertisenient u twin 1,04
of the buuir ?-1 should think, certainly it truahl Ha all

Does Sot the siiirgyiper chsrge you •tend .• t,p the
number of lists but the 2.1 w. t... mew only
require ti, Ire repeated ulseuer i ■ ►it.h Iscued Is,,uk *rood
require it to he repenieJ uflcuer, mord
In the (ma itly1:111CC, an adveriii.olesit cost fief
ebilliiio. or ally other suns !—Certaioly.
You have •licady cod, there is a r.rtain ecrrinion profit
to b:u-l:•dlers; alast plups..rsion .lure Ilav p.uljl 1160.. 116 the
prime .:u►t of the work ?—II is ;treguleri it is ii,..ta.uate
the saute.

' • Z ,
V. . -.L4',. . r •
)" 1: • '''.‘ C •
' . .1r (
.1 •
ht. . -.. 4... ii" 41.*
. .. • .
4#l#ll(..eiC. li E • R.
14.4*
'•s4 ..". • (pIIMMIIigIatIMONDMIT.)
.T 451 r. r A eleetrantaace rather ustwarawar la this neizlitonutroted
qi.' . ' 'lf lar• . weaseled u.s iiiiisday asamraing A lime pool
.t.." II
piiiii jalreaso stood opts a than is spar isarket-pine,
Z , '•• • anti sosa crowd wlio seedily eolicetril to *Joins
. 4... ' wall she to loamy Of them a aunt rpsetacte. Ti.., ptracher
- r (a ereptelably.tioloog wilt oboist 15 pars of age) sr opi-
. issrscid by Soak a wrinher elf appeogiciate 'parer front
. • the Old awl bra 'lntaisseirts is fowler of pereekiew sat of
r . alien ; pooping it tot.seir hien We pottiness( tie Position,
• ;ass Chrid, and of the dpipatlts, soil araieniag 4.• his
•1.,.. us for so cluing. dos runsiliassi to p art Wig the bleb.
aw/Asilers. iic. Haviog roadside.' this aildreip' Ise
I tort a loom ; after two or thrre irrr-rs of Utah hest
Imiwkiniargoiie Brodie: arrived. wish an aprilvr Iron the Maj.....
I • .119 atop Wilier proceedissis Thy preaches ii weeded hisa to
. - pewit eat his respectful roistplusensi. t.i the lisyur.-isist bi .tu•
•
has that tilt osattir had been Lod biters 11.0wil bidniiiith
1.... sad the Privy Colored, awl that they 44-re artsriiiiisesl Ise
.linairet every Man is the tree vine re of hue %%maritime as to
a ihnssirde id aordrip; wed thus slihuieli he trialtrit to slwsr
' Ak
i %be bla)or terry respect whirls was skis iv lon, lw slwalst
boa sloost. The Oifiter then very proper:, wild away, and
ite en sea viers wear coat laded without bother its tri million is-
li .11N, audteliirl, abet. sas weer..... was very attentive whilst
ilh, Preildl4,llelneved kir discipline, writ prtsitil what he
selesiced boss Ids ftripltres, mid truss the Arlielep, liuMi•
MOs, turd Liturgy 4 the Chards of I6aglaal.l.fortori
, .• - t.--.... 7-- ...7---•:-....--..----- - ' -..
•t .. • SUVRIChIi:NS.
--.-..5vim...--.
• ~.' 1 1. ,
Ott Ateridaflast • private miler wait issued by the
.. . ChiereasliWessfille 11'..u.k of F.ll.lasssi, to '" auviiessil
for the present the issuing of Sorel tign4 mid (WI:
• iioirreagoa. sued to substitute Gains as rod Salter m
I.els thereof."
• 11re do not well coutpreltend llw theinsiog or the
shove mrasure adopted by the llaiik. It isi not et
lint bight sery obvlouis easy guinea% rhos.l4l he more
nth umlaut ur less propottuouably precious thilo taw
far.. v. rog..s. the gold henry; of the same quality. and
FIP the %right iirsicii coin bearsiax the same rilition to
its mammal value. Yet the fact opti.ks for itself;
sod or must either presume that the sovereign has

- - - -
This festival derives its name front the P
and &ZOO Goddess taster or Netter, worth;
in Euglaud by their Saxon ancestors, who. in i
*radial days of slaughter, rlerastattott. and txt
two. deprived the poor suffering Britons of
lest cen.olittiou—tha rxrrci■r of the Cliristion
won, nitich bad been introduced situ Ilritain a
the err Go, A.D. whilst the Rotuma were in
session of the c nutty.
The worship awl sacri6ces offered to the Got
