, .."*.41.1„ •

• , . •
0 *t
''
v
1 '
*-%',.:..
c`..,_ 1 "`"'"`) • It g _
•P-,
_...,'!V''4K,-;•_„,:- 1 z
c - °.N.

ROYAL E4MILY.

The QUEEN and the Princeu ELIZABETII visit
Froginore, every day, from twelve to two o'clock.
In inspect the prcpsratious that ewe making there
14 the fete oo the lath. The moat of the com-
pany, MI that evenitie, are to meet at the Castle.
and remain till the KING retires for the night ;
11,r MAJESTY and PA rty then proceed to Froginore,
the garden* to In: beautifully illuminated trrth co.
loured lamps. A nimt elegaiit supper will be pi °sid-
ed for most of the ileighourhood. but there will he ins
ball. There are a thousand tickets of admission
already issued, for spectutuni to the tire-works ;
sorrel, are to be let off in the Qv aEa's gardens, at
Froitrnore, instead of, as was at lint intended, in
the Park.

The street of Windsor. from the Town-ball
to the Castle-inn, is taking up. to admit of ID
arch which is erecting for the illumination on the
Vali. The ball et the Town-hall is not to he till
the evening of the *6th. that it may not interfere
with Her Mussy ea Party. A great quantity of
p►nri+ions is collecting for the poor of Windsor.
The Honourable Miss To►rttsnuun will net attend

the Jubilee at Windsor, on account of the indispo-
sition of the Countess of CIIATIIAM. winch prevent-
ed her Ladyship accompanying tilt Earl to Owe*,
where be went on Saturday, on a ei-it to the Duke
of RUTLAND. The drew that will be generally
worn at the Queues supper, at Froginore, will
be Gf white ratio, with a quantity of jewels.—
These dresses are to be made without any imm-
inent, but disiowirls. The lathes wio put off
find mourning, on the occasion, will lie dressed en-
tirely in white crape. For the Windsor ball. on
the 26tli, Royal purple hawcfrwtax, richly enibroi-
&red with gold. are in flrClSlnitioll.—They are
inscribed with Long lire the Kist] ! and anise
with, Noy the King live for firer!—Other revailiii%
ornaments for head-dress, are wreaths. combiiiing
the ruse, the shamrock and thistle. with a gold
crown in the centre.
The Elmo never looked or was better. Tue ac.
comas received, ve.terday, at Windsor. from %Vey-
mouth, of the Princess AMELIA, are very favour-
able.
On Thursday, the Duke of You arrived at
'Madam., on his journey to Weymouth. where he
goitig to pay a visit to Ins Rov•t. SISTZEIL His
Royal Highness rude out with the KING and Prin.

cevaea Ave:urns and SOPHIA, aceoinisanied by Lady
EAT, tietieral3 Lttuto um' FITZIIt./Y, :seta COlOll4
TATUM: returned about twelve, and afterwards
procteded on his jourmy to 'Weymouth.
Oa Friday se'anight, his Highness the Duke of
GI.OUCFATEII, and sake, arrn•ed at the Warwick
Arms, in Warwick. Ilia Highileaa, after viewing
the castle, and taking wine relev-dtineilt, proceeded
•n his row!. through Coventry, where he exchauged
'arms, to Darby.

The Earl of HAlttlY)lt)at was expected, tort
night, ut his huuse in Sackviliewitreet, from ?ivw-
ket.
Lord Gemitelr. CA vileirito arrived. last night, at
his hoot"• iu linvinv-row, Fri.. Newmarket.
The Doke of NnicritutrasaLsen hoe given cy-
ders fur Nortlitinilwrlanti Hausa to be orkedifilly
iaunnuated next 11 ednesilay.
'rite Duke ni PteaTLAND was ohs IMO
state, last night, e, un the preceding .
Lords CliA 11I14i itolllliitT MA Will= will join
their regiment. the 10th light dragoons, at Hume.
ford, on Wednesday, when they will have a grand
field-day.
lady CaaoLealt D alga leaves town on Tiles.
day for Windsor. Her Ladyship has ordered sill
tier servatits to attend her there on NVedaeschor.
Lord Mobs took an airing yesterday for three
hours. It was the Unit tittle his Lordship has been
out since hie arrival in town.

T. FITZIWGFI, E.q. and family will leave town,
this day, for Manchester.
Mr. Gastawoup, and a party of Faahiwiables,
vela iiu4 night to euvvutirra►,j.o Theat►e.
TURP ERMA./ is employed in modelling a Jubilee
bust of Ilk MAJESTY.

The Countess of CAUDIN was amongst the No.
Inq night, at the Lyceum Theatre.
On Thursday cennight, the Right Ifou. the Earl
*CLOW:MIRY, %et% by the 1111111461110116 votes of the
Corporation of Eeesham, elected a Burgess, mad
Lord High Steward of that Borough.
The Subscribers to Mr. Fry's Theatre, if any,
must be in a pretty stew. fits Actors may rely up-
on a wares reception, and the entertainment will
be served up hissiow Lot.

The Countess of Loovdale gave a ball and cup-
per at the Castle. Whitehaven, on Tuesday even-
ing, to a very ittemeroos party of ladies and gentle-
men, chiefly of Ihe town and its vicinity. The
dancing coutinenend *boot nine o'clock in the sa-
loon, which vino highly illuminated, anal displayed
to the best a.lvaiit.itze a brilhinit assemblage of
female beauty, such as can rarely be seen—aueli,

,

".46 youthful Poet*,Amy. whets tbq hoc*
This superb anti splendid apartment was filled
with those occasionally engaged in the dance, and
With numerous spectators ;—the latter of wham
seemed to share an equal degree of pleasttre with
those, who, through a succeslaon of dances, to
nimbly and gracefully acquitted themselves. It
was the uncontrouled reign of elegant amusement
and ateliglit, expressed in every countsaaticr,—vand
kept up with unabated spirit, until about It o'clock.
when the surlier was announced.
The tables were covered with a profusion of the
choicest viands, and the company were served,
throughout the whole of this sumptuous entertain..
meta, with a prranptitude and attention that male
every thing perfectly easy anal agreeably.
The affability snit politeness of LAW sad Lady
Lonsd:ile, and their amiable daughter,. ',Pre nM
con.picuous as on every former oiecasicin, and grratly
enlist).etl the festivity of the evening.
I,t'ethiesdaty the Earl ot Lonsdalo, with the
Countess, and their daughters. visited Hensi sun
chapit his Lordship her fitted up air en-
alai hoe oleo presented it with a suitable
set of communion-plate.

r►. -

-~.~-

.~;:,

PIP JUNIUS:
POieri, BY M. iseifiAW.
The Viewing entrees is mule from the only Poem whit%
Tie .itsl4le• has railed forth. The situation of Britain, in •
kb% eareteted from the horrors of win, is thus described by
the Molest ;--
~ Tbue, at a tristairee, far remote
From us, Nees bloody banners Seat ;
Strange lauds are in his wrath deeeett'il ;
On giber men Ow curse is pour'do—•
Not so, my country, trebly blest!
ho wars thy happy hounds molest :
Security smiles o'er Ili! plums,
And gladriena all thy robust mains ;
Thy shepherds rosin thy vales in peace,
Arid tend thew Hocks and shear their fleece.
Thy hushandmen, with ineasur'd tread
And liberal hand, heating- the aced ;
Asaned to reap, their labour. o'er,
la safety, harvest's plenteons store.
'flit's. vas lOU, crafts thy tradesineu ply,
Certain no foe shall e'er come ingh
The garner'd products of their toil,
Fruit of their industry, to spoil.
" Oh, fatuur'd likstaiu! couldit Ilion sew
The tithe of others tonscrysas
Conklin thou bcl,uid, on Danube's banks,
Where death has thinn',l the hostile ranks,
Tlimisenits of hands in blood
And earth with mangled comes steered;
Unburied, yet, they taiut the air,
And pestilence completes despair
Coulaid thou huhula die fields of Spain
Urencli'd with the gore of thuasauds slain,
}ler dearest sues, V.hu fate defied,
And, in the CAUNC of freedom,
Died ;privet—.4v becomes the brave.
From slavery their lOW. to save :
0011111111 thou beti.ll4l, with !lapilli wrung,
Vet( it amid colitibi.tiot escape Illy Moline ;
Or (Witted Mt its thee create
011 C murmur a: dispeming fate; •
Bat, Acadia; to great God above
I'o, ali he. goU4l4leti, all los love,
Timing gratitude would SII thy breast,
And all Los mercies he moaned ;
Fur that na Coe thy blissful shades
With rutlikas purpose e'er invades ;
Nu trel‘Chee asewtl thy s Lints,
Net cutup thy peaceful v.illies fill.;
No invasive squadrons, vaunting scum,
Trample thy relining fields of cern :
No lawless tedious hither roam,
To sail a Witco's sacred home;
To hid the youth defensive stand, -
And die to guard their native laud;
1 o violate the virgin's bed,
Insult old age's hum y bead,
To butcher halos before the it errs,
And niock the feaulic mother's crier !
,‘ With ignorance blest to flritani's ear
Such bornire, elatdol tales aiiprar—
Alas ! too stagy nations tire
The disused wrecks, and mill them trite."

SOLILOQUY
ef A WINISINIY ♦LDtaYAIt, ISAROVET, LID M.P.
Oeviesedbil riot Cowasti Cusacil nerativirg ibe Provo-
skies fee • Diluter. at the exiwate col die Corponslicm, us
ea day at Jabitec.

Sestereol .11isru C— s;ttiug in in
on, popinie—A TiatolAtioil of Apicies's • %lock uu the
tepee el p.eviittiug Appetite, iu his baud large
harm, bllc4 turtle soup, on the table before him.

Slit WILLIAM.
It must be so-magical', thou rtrani'st well—
Zinc Atm:4 this pkosing hoot, Uuv f,1114 &sire,
This leitgaig stlevfOrt;Lui
Oir whence this secret dread, :old rs..--re horror,
Of inlerinesce and pray'r ? Why s!uirk the guts
Rock as Ilsemsolvss, and gnans!ote at starvation!
Selflreserretion las that stirs within us,
Grist Danger kindly fur a L;:nquet,
Asd points to ealipasit and caiii". !
0: cslirag4! thou Meter:mune third,
Theo' what variety of transformation,
Th.i what strange preporatious dust 1:1.2 a pass,
Lee ilbun art fitted for my appetite !
tkaospocions basis stands before me,
And sseby fat. sad spices, swim stodiol it
Herr will I hold—sli Viers's a cede in London,
(And that there is, Sam birch proclaims aloud,
Oa Cornhill,) his must delight id cur::‘,,
And that which he delighloin prior be wholesome !
But why this luscious food should be fo'rhichlen,
At Csepeosie Reponse, on Wsdaealsy treat,
weary ofconjectures—flum I'll cud them.
[Takirw a Indlisttf Seep.]
Wow sin II dumbly arm`il—My Wise and s'4up,
My kite and aleidetr, arc both before re !
Wise very quickly robs me of all sense,
Rot usermat tattle soon subdues its pow'r !
The roan, secure of coolest*, tints easy banquet,
This' Poverty stalk grimly these the land ;
Smile at Reformers, snit dify the rage
Of those who hellirw for eastraisy.
And deprecate thy cost, delicious turtle !
Lam, shall 00 more be pried—Vretole itself
Shall from the table vanish-wk.?* roast-beef,
Old kiugland's former glory, be forgotten,
Sul thus shalt flourish at the civic boned,
Ilritatced amid' the squibs of newspapers--
The shafts of suvy-wasil the wiles of malice'
Jotesna'a•tiourr.

• Apieiaa, ea epicure, who toed to the time of Nero--he
quande►ed t large property in pamperiug ►ls appetite—.
eaml, ►ecoming nea►le to support his former team! —bong
►ieneelf! He emote a work on the *suites of Melting ap
raft

Wednesday night Aladame CATALASI made her
second appearane on our boards, unJ sang, in
adilitioa to two Italian son r, the English song of
Hope td! 4 filetterinz Tale." She was, ne on
Monday night, crowed mid cheered by a fashion-
able and overflowing house. It ryes us sincere
pleasure to observe, that a Eiriningfiam audience
has duly appreciated and patronised the !blessing
and astonishing talents of Mailmne CATAL4Ni.
who is certainly, in point of merit, die moist en-
gaging vocal performer that ever entertained a Bri-
tish public.—(BiriningAarn Taper)

. .

'0744/Or

COVE.VT-C.-IRDVI tIik4TRE.
We have agairl the pleasere to record the falling
off of Ilse title of dpeteition, and the retorts of or-
der and decency to our public Theatre. Last
evening there was a more Wham display of female
beauty and fashion than has yet graced ,4,,:ovent-
garileir. The boxes were literally avwded with
elegant and lovely women, who seemed W en-
joy, with increased satisfuetion, the pleistrearbi tee.*
Inch noise and brutality has as long debarred
them. The Daemon was consequently attended to
•aitliout interruption, and our granillmition war for
a tine most complete. !qrs. I-Nutting ming. MO
Mi.. Bolton looked, divinely ; they were both tnucb_
applauded, and encored in ariveral swigs. Mum:leas'
as usual, threw much original trimmer into Dun
Jerome; and Fawcett, in Little nose, received
mail deserved plaudits. Mrs. Davenport, whose
excellence, though of the unassuming kind. we
have never to stance without the highest approba.
Lion, was exceata ugly happy in her personation of
the !)sienna. Of the other performers so the Opera.
we have also much to say in cormitendetion ; but it
is merely necessary to mention their names, and
state, that lueiedoei, Taylor, aud Bellamy, were m
excellent voice ; stud, with all the others, exerted
themselves to please the audience.
At half-play, a few of the back thus of the pit
filled with the malcontents, w!io soon after com-
menced their oper.stions, hissing, and
occasional cries of off.,
,ff! "flu! performance,
however, wai not completely interrupted till near
the end of the opera, wisest the hoisting of a few
placards raised the disturbance to so Isiah is pitch,
as to drown, its siissoua,tre, the sweet melody of a
Maims. Of tin se, the only novelties were tv ca-
ricature heed of Mr. Kemble, as large as life, with
a melancholy phi:, and inscribed "Mfg sty
"lashes .0 and snottier, with this distsch—
.• No wonder John Kemple should cenoe to be civil.
Bet a beggar on horseback, he'll ride to the IltV11."
These were severall?receired by the party, in
the midst of whom they were displayed, with shouts
of tumultuous applause, and gestures of savage re-
iisieing.—lntived, whets we look at persons leaping
min using such gesticulations on the seats nitd
we nightly witness, we can think of uothiug
to compare them to, butt° savagita, celebrating some
of their ferocious festivals. If such is the insisrrs-
si•os tirade upon Blade whose painful duty it is, to ,
ilhaerve, time after time, the progress of scenes so
disgraceful. and who are consequently less sensib:e
of their glaris_„to• ncy, than strangers, wjso
only v sit the Thealw once or twice. what effect,
must such au exhibition hare on the minds af,tit.;*
re4oers, alto may chance to be clonal residents in
tins country ? blush to think *hat insist be
their report of us, when they return to their native
lands !
There were several hustling% and sthsteglies Ur the
pit, (to which, we ought to have unmerited, the riot
was solely confined), and, its one instance, a youth
of spirit, who mode himself nailer prounitent. was
*mitred by the police officers. This catastrophe
put an end to the placard system, till the martini'
dropt. We hose to-night. as on ill former eccts•
menu, taken as little notice as pOSSI ble of a certain
description of these pro:l'l4:6olin. Ic is our drake
to give the moat full informatiou ui vvery thiag
that occurs on these, ma on other public occasions;
hut we are sure our readers would never he pleased
With our recording such Vile Lash, and indecent
ribaldry, RS the champions of bagmins. or the mi-
nions of harlots, may take this oppoft unity of en-
grossing upon other matter, and propagatingWthe
inultitede.

ed his

Whatever, therefore, oth-rs may do, Tale Bat-
'mu Pans shall never disgrace its • columns by
advertising iniquity. It is enough, that tire re-
spectable visitors to the tbratre have :been more
than once slrorked by the indccoriessaconduct of
nine of they despicable beings.
We have agniu to congratulate the pi,tblic on the
restoration of comparative tranqui!lity. .
Toe andience, us we have liefoie -stated, patti-t,
eulurly in the box s, were more reintermir surd
fashionable than since the sesson-cbminenceitte- tied
the tumult had evidently ditereitied so much, as'to
come into a more tangible shape fur the Police to
quash.
What tumult there was, was a good dral aug-
mented by the rising of the peaceable part of tic.
*whence, nit every extraordinary noise. ro see what
might oreteaon it. If they would only sit still, nor
suffer tie., }i.e.' yes to be disturbed by the shouting of
a frw 'pren:ice bays in their rear, the latter would he
soon silenced. We WOUld else recominetrd to the
friend, of the Proprietors, not to indulge m intli.-
criminate applause. Such a system only produces
confusion.,

After the falling of the curtain, the noise still
continued; but some efforts being made by the
leaders of the party, silence was oht,nord, and .1
fat drunken gentleman stood up on one of the
benches in the int, to signalize himself Ire a song.
He roared forth the popular air of Gni save the
King, with great energy and action ; the braying
of one ass, is a signal to the rest; he was conse-
quently juirwil by toe half-price tuen,iii full chorus.
On the conclusion of this vocal display, the
pla-
cards again rippe.tred, but their duration was short
and treruhlist.
There were many mollies between the friends
sad the enemies of the place:riling system, the pit-
ifes firming a ring for the accointuudation of both
parties.
Many persons, who were food of noise, witlimst
lighting, diverted themselves a ith jumping front
our bench to another, in the midst of this ring, to
the no small delight of the spectators, who roared
out their satisfaction lustily. The farce (All the
Worlds A Stage,) was completely obstructed by
the tumult ; bit, eveo during the firer, whom the
uproar was certainly loudest, the weakness of the
pasty was perceptible. It i. a pleasimi task do be
able to announce the gradual but evident dealiaw
of this disgraceful scene. In a fee nights fury,
if indeed they shall survive so long., the half-price
men are likely to be as contemptible in number
as they are in principle and Rootlets.
Towards thecmiclasion of the performance. while
two combatants were preparing fWietre war in the
pit, the martial hare sounded for Ma hest time esace
they were friglateneil out of the tlieatre..The trum-
peter was well aware that Ins friends were not so
'numerous as lintel, lie thevLfare kept moving from
place to place, sad, aftei two or three owes, pocket-.

~:

t .'

went. Rule Briteneid was sung in t.ne
course of the evraiMg, but ai.th fainter netts than
usual; those who 'eel tit :• notional air, if. its trite
spirit; reserve it for other occasions;
When the currant droppeil, usual, the pitites
Rave three chetrit, and ufterivisriis three groans fur
Kemble; they then seated themselves. During
the eitsmteireheut, a lona alnuid and ridiculous
mock plavabill was divtributed wooing the half-
price melts et great length. The following is the
only intelligible r of it Ism.
*airs. HARRIS, LEMBLE, and BRANDON,
Ikbraleel in golden, will closest as 'solemn dirge,
"Ti think on one'. Mises hewsistiowe hot right,
,}ad redaction M rood, though barn's seibin it by't."
lie HARRIIt, isevisgeoase to taws expressly f.r tbs
enwseion, will riltotrards shrp hirward, sad sinz, to
elionreful moue,
" There's nothing lint money cap care we,
AnA rid me Vali my psis"
Mr. frIYMBLE will then sing, arriiiripta•d by • general
erase of lastruinefits,
"Thee hurricanes rise, sod rise every wind,
They'll ne'er make %tempest like PL.!' in my in:nd."
Mr. BRAN f."ON will rash Airtime, nod, dropping .in Lis
knees, will wing er say, accompanies! by rough ilucc,
" Gusnlisa Angels Now imiteet we,
Mr. TOWNREND,
Ruanitg psssionattly no, it. Chinni:ter, will sing a
BRAVURA,
" Pim! Pow on thin nonsense, I priftlmei girt. o'er ^
And oftereesesis whisper aloud to " the OAR -
" D---say eyes, Raw!. ty G—d, ap."
To coedit& with the new Nat iousl Drama.
JOHN EIULL VICTORIOUS.
The Part of JOHN DULL will be repeated (afterasebeese•
of several yeses) BY THE PUBLIC.
Beets 7a. Par ee. GAL,. te. Uteri Gat.. is.
TwitHitT•ir litvgiag: (by Renal desire
EMPTY HENCLISJI. with a MUSS TO BE SOLD.
The following placards were partially Firois•- .1,
ssit from the shyness of those her.
not one of them having the courage to hold them
more than a moment :
" When John BIM Is imposed on,
" Threats caul make him diasarsillie,
a He had einuaner'd awes Dona,
" And so he is all John Keurble.°
" If Captain Rull continues his Rightly endue, Ise will
regain his old prices and capture that tenant. tier
0. 0. p. s. p. Pnews mot rubor Ranson."
" Beware of snuck charity on the sett,
The half-price men Brian to get frighteritd i,t the
Pit, as they were left Acme, riiii *rinse person from
amongst them called tent, " Let us adjourn !"
which was immediately obeyed. A man, in a state
of intoxicatioo, its the second tier of Boxes, act-rapt.
td to mutter something, bet all we could heir ',tit
erisatity pronounced for nnaNimity, which caused a
laugh, and a cry of Turn out ituumity." The
I.4otise was cleared by eleven o'clock.
....-eiseetiememeemr
ruiLt TIIE EDITOR OP TIIS 111171$81 PR Elf.

,11

~~i

roneenuence of the musk of a ging called " TAA
Worse thnt Jack buili," (as puldisbed by Mr. Mitchell) beteg
generally attributed to see, I beg leave thea pertdacoo
damtrow tbr sante; ►ariug toe much nrga, d wr ream... Cow&
rep uta t lot. to use It is a maser at outs su iudelicfax, alma su
repo:wait to nay fettiuga.
I ant, Str, your molt °Wiliest smut
atrrau►unary Oct. ie. N. P. firma.

- ass
We are cnithori,ed to .taie, that the Mr. SOAR,.
Ilbrigimotil, is our report of Monday. as one of ti
persons held to bail for cniting a tumult
tent.garrlen Theetrr,on S.turday Mgt t. not Mr.
SOANG, the architect, of LureolWritc,fielt
Mr. Soars. the architect, 1146 over site.. ir• CO.
vuot.garslett Theatre, before or since ttc ope,.i li—
lt may, however, be proper to add, that hr bit
torn ott the Friday morimm, at seven o'cl-t k, for
Mr. Tuoks on's, near Ltiggieswarie ; fn m th nor
he went to IVhitley Allthey, the *eat of Lord lico r.
and did not return to London nod late on Tues-
d .y. We have been thus particular, that the
prb'it may be under no ra...tulte rearpeettrig Mr.
Snags; hot all oho knew that gentle.n.n, could
not for.. nao,nent aupporre that he had any cot cent
in atich.procertlitio.
Wehoulerstand that the ATTORNF.Y and FOLt•
CITIS-,GENRSII.. Mr. GAZ:tOW. Mr. COMM, &Ai.
MIT A LIST, are retained on the part of the t re-
' primers. to conduct the prosectwrm against the
'itrilerent per-orra now under boil fur riotous be-
haviour at Covent-Garden Theatre.
Mr. Camaro° ham end made a reply to the Earl
of crcionF.N.l drrfenee, ns 114% been stated.—T; e
pare: ..tt.h , we g ive, yr r4:rday, ae his reply,
taus p ::iv It doe. not,
however. vat y CU: tAse.

- .
On Friday morning last, the remains of tat late
Dr. POWYS. Dean of Canterbury. were removed
from the Dvaiiery of that Cathedral, in the entre
heir stated. to the choir ; and. after the funeral
“eivice lead been performed in a vrrt impresarve
side, the timeeinnon moved. in the same order. t.)
the Dean's Chapel, w herr t•ie 1104 was interred.

Mt OCCIPOION
I.OklCl taller :J. Pelk cold)
Flu taber---Derahl. Pointer.
Beadle.
Two Mutes.
Biagio: Boys, two and two.
ii,goig Minot...and two.
StsMn...i C 0120.111, two MA two,
Rey. Mr. Nailur------itey. Mr. 1 rancts.
Two Vepte,,ineii.
Two Verger.
Four Prebtortnries.
THErE
BODY. 71
a - 5
a

4

Reishooo and fr',riats.
We understand that BisholontaiiN, the Re.
than Catholic Bishop of the London ilistimt, with
• spirit of loyalty that doe thin the It;:lie.4 honour,
has issued his orders to the Clergy of his district.
far the celebratioo of the Jubile,. of our beloved
Monarch. on the :sth instant, in thank.givias and
prayer.
• The Officers of the Navy and Army, at Ports-
mouth and (import, have entered into a very vv-
tesiqire babitoriptioo, fn: the purpose of going a
4.1 11 end sapper, on the 25th iintant, to the iudabit.
sat of Gosport, Fareloim, Titchliehl. end their
* Mies ; and to the particular friends of Lady
atosystrou. A few of the inest.revirectsble fatal-
lie- of Portontooth ere also invited to meet her
Lad hip, who, it is a.iirt, will tin the hrmones of
the Intertainvuent. The Committee fur Fuptr-
Ineetklitig the fitting np of tl:e rooms at the Crlnci
Inn, on this occasion, anti El., ;iivitinc the rompic.y.
Ch 11.614 of Major.Gentral PORtr.K. Capt. lit,cat.r.
Citoyist Nav3.). alit. Nucor. aad Capt. amt..

'I
