e eet oho boogie himself the boats and schooners which were
to be employed in the traffe. On reviewing the question
Sal "n
• o libcrul .1o,• he thought it would be manifest in the
Ica brow'
that a great moral improvement had hero effectettin the
p lint
ro; of Colony, for the proof of which he co:0d Teter to
theutrote ter nene f many individuals of th highest character—among
r Lowrie it
Commodoe re Rouse. and Comeradore
p"1, The Honourable Member then proceeded to read some of
ee'n' peadence of theta officers, testifying the imptoved ste
tee does the slnoritius and the Wand of Maniere. It op
ed ;eyed to hire, that the great and humane objects of Government,
re-a
respect to the Colonist, were, first. to prevent Brithth subjects
Lee yreaging in the Shive Trade; recondite, to cleat the market
the dave traders of other nations; and, thirdly, in effectu-
r-...7he civilizition anti improvement of the slaves in the
sy,•*-64, (' actually carried
t by the Celonial Governor' ; and in contiequence
rot d
ess tfficmal coneolidation of the British power in the
beyond what had been produced by any other
eaoria. far .State.
ee (ea t. Farquhar) had also received &letter dated January 1818,
Teo- Sir Robert Barclay, in which he requested hint to tell his
tend Buxton that there was not oho word of truth in the villanoua
„rat which he had received, and that he must have mistaken the
pendtg lic.trbon for that of the Mauritius, and that Mr. Buxton
yes at much shipwrecked in respect to the statements as having
fortel on the Wand of Bourbon, as he (Sir It. Barclay) had
kaa (Sit K. B. having suffered shipwreck there on his arrival).
ybe flan. Baronet shy' mod that he held in hie hand a letter which
be had received front Mr. Fetich. the accredited British Agent at
hneteete •hich stated that the slave trade was harried on to a very
puttg tby the Portuguese, but that the British flag was
wholly tit:A.lllW by such transaction. ; and the letter made the
tune iraserretiont as to the Island of Mods/ear. fie also hod a
war which he hall ieceived from alr. ThomNas Clarks In, the hia.
sect, a gentleman whose chioader stood above the charge of mil.
ree?ta woo stela that the power was taken front the Missionaries,
bit be lamed that the treaty for the abolition of slavery would be
ha pitied, fur dolt, it would be all over with us in that quarter. He
bed to apologise to the House for the manna la wl 1..11 be had been
esliged to answer the +Rivkin as it had been brought forward by
de Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Buxton!. ( Hear.) He bad not had
posed opportunity to provfde himself with all the necessary de-
ath, but he assured the House he. M not resist an it Mehl, ; for
tree goad opieion. aid that of the /reentry, was more vetuable to
hen than soy thing else in the work,. (Hear.)
yr. W. 11ORTCEN trusted the House Could be satisfied with '
thestoeinent of the Hon. Harwich He did not mean to say that
the Hot. Member (Mr. Buxton) was to bt coodeenned for taking
ea • loose lie pleesed in what he considered to be the proper one
he the fult !mem of hie duty, bat he protested against the Mate-
rnal of the lion. 51ember beingbmaght forward until the voltinti-
eous documents on the subject were in the hands of Hon. Mem-
bers. He however hat done so, and the House would, on reading
the documents, help for themselves. Particular stress had been
laid on the letter written by the Hon. Baronet to the Earl of Liver-
pool in 1812. Surely, btfo-e he went to any other parlor the ques-
ten, as regarded the Governor of the Mauritius, it was necessary
(err him') °leave, that if he drew any facts from that letter, that
a was most eatrannlinary that he (Sir R. Farquhar) had taken such
repo of policy to do away that, which nn the view of that letter be
sae tweed with; and he (Mr. Horton) tilled upon the Houle to
mist and suspeoti their judgment until inquiry had taken place
hes quite necessary that the Honer should be aware of the period
to ince the object of the Hon. Member (Mr. Buxton) was in.
'eldest ti apply, because every difference in the discussion of the
(ration must test upon that, and therefore it was desirable that the
Raise should know isomething more satisfactory upon that bead.
Did •he his. Member mean to say that slavery existed—.
Mr. BUXTON—TiII 1821.
)Ir. W. HORTON nit, that in the statement of last year It
was dented to have gone beyond the year 1821.1. The question,
mousey, could ao. be discussed with advantage, whets the
papa had berme the noose were in the bands of Honourable 3hem.
mire Ile (Mr. Horton' never intended to say there was not slit.
aere, but the Run. Gentleman had said it was practised by the
Yeah. not by the British authorities. The ritaracter of Mr. Tel.'
W a invaded, and inquiry was necessary for the Nen. Baronet
and for 31r. Telphair, and tut the Covarnment,beeause they had in.
unthread!y winked era practice go to :terry to what they had stated
a, to that defeeshlt tV. Mr. Telpttair might not to be involved In
ach age of felony As been done. Ile (Mr. Horton) was not in a
stele :am if coal levee to speak of 31r. Telt hair, but it was tide se
morose that evidences might be brought in his theme, and there.'
fore inertly jetlentent ought not he formed. Ile did net conceive
how the present Governor of the Mauritius' n sill the advantage he'
iif the means of inquiry— khe did not ow how it was possibloi
is cauld be ; out cettainly if the Slave Trade did exist,
asust be by the combined attempt of all parties. At was teethe
actuary, before the Hoeme trotted a Committee, that wrmething
Bert &Mahe should be panted oat. He thought the Honourable
&oedemas (Mr. Buxton) Ought to Mate the penod to which the in.
fishy was to go. Ile shoeld not avail himself of the knowledge
which the papers gave him, but which the House would obtain on
ne.v.ng them. It was necessary_thst the precise time should be
stated to which the Honourable Member intended to limit the in.
leirybritte Cmitieheee.
tex-ri)N said, that as to time, it appeared that slavery
tubed from 1811 to 3124.
tie. W. 1111111 SIN said that the papers established the propo.
Slim. eat it exist 11 ep to 11318. and therefore he was not aware
the .00rithle Gentb%an would have any necessity to go into
c ms pr or to that period, which would be a loss of time.
Mr. F. KU XT()N said that the. Hon. Baronet had stated, that
Corer.mint.ha I got rid of the Slave Trade. He differed, how.
ever, on that point. He did not wish to prejudge the question ;
tat that &Committee should be appointed to inquire into the causes
of hs exis once, and how it wee to be prevented.
Dr. LUittitt GrOlt and 31r. W. Hoa'row said a few words;
bat which were 'uiaudible in the gallery.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said that if the complaint had been I
weedy against any particular individual, as founded on the papers
laid upon the table, he should have objer.ed to the course adopted
en the present occasion, before 31embers could have examined
Muse petters Ile should object to a statement so made, so coot.
pet and so general. The grounds, however, on which tie looked
t the qua ion were national ones ; and as he considered that the
(barge was against the country, rather than against the Govern-
mtnt, an an individual; and on taidering therefore that a refusal to
entertain the motion might are prejudicially to the country, as re-
lated to its connexion with Foreign Powers, by charging it with
sanctioning the trade, he was not dismaed to rake any objection
to the appointment of-the Committee. ( lest, ht ass.)
Mr. BROUGHAM considered that on the face of the state.
meet made there were grounds laid for the appointment of the Com.
antics. It appeared that the Increase of the slave populaVon was
coned to a g eater extent then in any of the other Colottieth It
appeared that to the year 11E2 them was such a disproportion of
the sexes as to call for Inquiry ; and it appeared to be as two to
Ott, as cumpared with what it was at the conques.-. eleven years
befere. It appeared that in 1822 there were 41,00) males and 22,000
females sidht appeared by the return of bounties paid that the
its e ofalavery existed in this Island to an extent of ten times as
m. e h at that of the whole West India Islands; and that he con.
shined to be sufficient. were there no other ground for inqury. Hr
had stated these facts for an object, which was as reepeved the pu-
rl., out these Ce;oeies ; for it did appear tl at slavery had been sub.
runially exiieguiseed in the whole of choke Culottes. Differing,
is he did, very much with the advocates of the planters, both in
and out of the House, yet he was bound to say that the opinion he
hadexpessedwrat strongly confirmed by the statement of that *lv,
winch proved the difference between those Colonies and others. Ile
dal not cocsider that, in giving his vote for inquiry, he was
prejudging the case.
Ju 11.1..1 RQUIIA R said that from the s atemen- of Commodore
Owen, who had sawed on the coast of Africa. it appeared that the
vessels employed hi the Slave Trade on tl at coast were vessels
inch the French flag, and that they were awned to Bourbon.
Thu unction was then agreed to, and a Committee chosen.
LAW OF ARREST.
Mr. R.MART IN moved for leave to bring in a Bill to authorize
has tiffs red other officers to abstain from arresting, or to discharge
proles arrested by them, who tuitht he In such a state of health
that they catnnt be removed to ghat without danger to their lives.
The motion having been seconded, sues immediately negatived
Indeed, a Menem.
COI'RT Fr CHANCERY.
The ATTORN EY.GENERA le deferred his motion for leave
to briug ta a Bill rounded upun the report of the Commiseioners ap.
pointed to Inquire into the protein: of the Court of Chancery, until
a heat der.
air J. 11'ILLIA5IS deferred his motion confer the report of
the Jail Coneuissam to a Comn lace of Cie House, until the day
cn •Dien the Attorney-fatnetal's motion could be brought oa.
G.l ME Ali' 8.
Me Secretary PEEL sald that an Hon. Baronet (Sir Robert
Ilre havirgeiven notice of a motion for that t ight, foe leave to
Laing in a to legalize the gale of game, he did hope the Hon.
liaionet would tenant not to bring it on. It was impeasible the
lull could be got tlircu7,6 at that period of the Seethe'; and as an
Hn. Frier of his intended to submit a motion early next Session
on the subject, the partial discussion of the subject would not al.
los a fair opt ertunity of going into its merits, and could only lead
to unpleasant tionettptences ; he therefore did hope the Ilan. Ba.
matt would not per, me.
hie It. II EROS cottenhel, to withdraw his macs se-
cora ing I y

CORN LAWS.
Mr. 11L'SKISSON moved the second reading of Bill fur ware-
be ising earth
Mr. 11. SI:3INER said, he amid not admit the exigency which
Iris said to ecst as to thin measure, and therefore lie should oppose
going into it at that late hour of the night. (Loud cries of

r.
(no on, io on.")
Lord ILTON rose, but from the noise that prevailed in the
House we could not distinctly catch his first sentence. His Lord-
ship .sit he would take that opportunity of asking the Right lion.
Gentleman what, when the two Bills which they were now called
rpm to forward were passed, it was their intention to do further for
the relief of the distress that prevailed ? It was known that the
subscription which had taken place was encouraged by his Ma.
jestv's 3licissers, and the question that he wished to put, and
whi:it he had last night espresso I his intention of putting, when
the
.proper period arrived, was, whether It was the intention of his
Majesty's inistet sto submit any proposition foe a grant of public
money, or whether. if it was submitted from another quarter, it
would meet with their sanction and approval ? There were many
who thn.q.,ht it a roe proper for such an interposition.
.ilr. Secret:try C,l NNINri said, that he could nit better an-
swer the Nob:: Surd than Ly saying that he had communicated
with the lion. Gootlernwi opposite (NIL p. Moore), who had con-
sent.d to pa tifi* his motion until to-morrow. When that came
on he (Hr. Canning) should be prepared to gme the NM. Lord an
answer.

Mr. H. SUMNER said he should take the sense of the House
that the report be deferred. (('ries of " Order," and "Go on.") •
Mr. Secretary CANNING was sure the proceeding of the Hon
• 3lemb_r would not be sanctioned by the House, and he was
'convinced that the proposition for delay would be contrary to
the interests of the Hon. Gentleman himself (hers, hear). and of
the landed interest t and therefore he should press the second read-
ing. But with tespect to the second measure, res there WAS likely
to be a lengthened discussion upon it, it was not his intention to
press the second reading that night. (Hear.)
Sir KNATCH BUGG said, that as he understood from the
Right Honourable Gentleman that it WAS his intention to defer the
debate on the other Bill, hedid hope the Honourable Gentleman
would not persist in his motion. because the finuse, in areedit.g to
the measure, would give an increased continence and security to
the country. He therefore acceded to the pmpositinn as to the
bondcd corn, with the distinct understanding that he should have
an opportunity of discussing the other measure.
lair J. SEBRIGHT said that he most perfectly agreed with the
Right Honourable Gentleman (Mr. Canning), that nothing could
be more injurious than for the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Sumner) to
persevere jnhiot

Sir T. LE'rli BRUNIE hoped the Hon. A!ember for Surrey
would not persevere in his intention of dividing the House, as no
advantage could be derived from such a course.
Mr. 11. SI TM NER said, that as he thought the measures before
the House were calculated to injure the landed interest, he would
act for himself, and take the sense of the House on his outdo° for
an adjournment._
—..—... . _

TREMAYNE supported the Amendment. lie had seen
nothing to alter the determination that had bean tome to on the
18th of April, not to meddle with the Corn Laws during the pre-
sent Session.

Ti,.- If ouse then divided, when there appeared—
foe h Atljournmet t I Against it - 131 1 Majority . 132
On our return to thegallery. we understood toot 31r. H. SUM-
N Elt hod exptessed his intention of not dividing the lionoe again
upon the question.
The 11111 was then read a second time, and ordered to be corn-
mi.ted to-morrow (this day).
The SPEAKER haring read the Order 4' the fly for the
second reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of Foreign
Corn—

Mr. Secretary CANNING said that he had ITC okiectinn to the
postponement of that questiou moil Thursday ; and if the business
of that evening should be too heavy fir it to come on in time, there
would be no difficulty in postponing it again until Friday.
Mr. CA LCRAFT thought it would be better to fit at once upon
Friday, and let it be understood that no disappointment should
take place.
Lord MILTON said that a great deal of public business might
be got through during Whitsuntide, and would theraure recom-
mend that there should be no adjournment during that period.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said that however disposed the
House might be to continue sitting doting Whitsuntide, it might
not be equally convenient for the other branches of the Ll'ghtla-
ture to give op tiwir leieure, and adopt the suggestion of the Noble
Lord.

1 be second reading of the Dill was then postponed until Thurs.
thic:he other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and the
Douse adjourned at a Quarter to Twelve o'clock.

PRICES 07 BRITISH
S per Cent. Red. 771 i I
per Cenl. Con.. 773 7n3 78
Ditto Aeet. 79 i 78 ;tie
aj per Cent. $4l
3 per Cent. Red. MI 84
ew 4 per Cent. 941
Long Ann. 101 11-18

MOCKS YESTERDAY.
India Stuck 229}
India Ronde 7 10 pm
South Sea Stock MI
En. Bids 19001. 9 II pm
Ditto Nei. 9 11 pm
Ditto Small 11
Lottery Tickets

TILE BRLTIH PRESS.-

of our Paper), and a prodarnatio►► of Bo t.rvn a, on quit-
ting the new republic which has taken his name. The
following are soma outsets:—

LOWER rANADA.—rtIe LeßiltillUTO Of Lower Canada closed
long and bony setodon On the 29th of March. The jealousy and
collision which have existed for some time between the Legislative
Body and the Itnyal Governor Geheral„ and which appeared to he
in :messing, make tic proceethings interesting to their neighbours.
The Legislature claims the right, when snaking giants of money,
!U. to regulate its appropriation ; and the Governor General de-
nies that they have such a right wh,:n the grants are for the support
of the Civil Government and the administration of justice. Ad-
dresses were voted by decided majorities to the King, and the
Governor, on the subject, couched in respectful but arm language.
In the speech made by the Governor, when he prorogued the two
Llouses, he says--.

6 When I met you at the opening of thts Session, I stated to you

in general terms the prosperous circumstances of the province, and
the evident necessity that existed for measures to encourage the
disposition of the people to industry and public improvement, to
secure and to increase the value of property, and to facilitate the
administration of justice In this fast.increadng population.
" I received the most pleasing assuranom that I should have
your support and co-operation on all matters tending to those de.
sirable ends ; it is therefore with the deepest regret that I now
find my hopes disappointed unon the most important subject. which

pressed upon your consideration."
Ile informs them that he was instructel from England not to
sanction the Acts objected to, and adds, that he shall adhere to those
instructions until they are recalled. Ile therefore refuses his assent
to several bills of appropriations, until he receives his Sovereign's
pleasure thereon. The Governor mho withheld his meat to a bill
to continue and amend certain acts for regulatieg intercoms. with
the United States, upon a basis of greater tritons than establist.s I
by the late Imperial Acts.
THE BRAZILS.
We publish the following letter from the Philo!lrlphia Aeroro,
as we find it, presuming that a very few days'ttla develop the
truth or error of the information it couveyst— _
