FASMOYABLE INTELLIGENCE.

h of
ante

liar.
ther
the
un-
the
rand

mei,
adr
6 d

the
3 he
fol.
, hi*
neSS
Roo.

Mw
chop

wets
Live
the

22.
abet;

ty
C 2.•
!Aber•

Isau.
esir

Mrs. Mitchell gives ball on II ednentlay evening, at her house in
Charles-street, IWkelty-square. The four drawing-rooms were
moat brilliantly illuminated; there were present nearly 300 dis.
tinguishcd fasMosables, among whom were—Prince Polignar, the
Duke of Wellington Prince Alexander liortchacor, the Chitlins
of Montrose, and the Ladies (Irahain, the 3larquises of rrahann
and Ilerdord, Count and Countess St. Antonio, Emily Marchioness
of Londonderry, the Earl of Kinnoull. the Countess of Uxbridge,
Lord and Lady Belhaven, Lady Listowel, Lady Stewart, Lord A.
Hamilton, Countess and the Ladies Cathcart, Earl &nevem,
Countess of Moron, Countess IVenlyss, and the Ladies Charters,
Lady Studies) Lord Jas. Stuart, Honourable Edward Byng, Mr.
and Mrs. Nicluis?n, &c. Esc.
. .

Lord and Lady vSherhome entertained a distinguished party at
dinner yesterday, at their huuse Lower Grosvenor-street.
Lord and Lady Gwydyr had a grind dinner party yesterday, at
their house in Piccadilly.
. . .

The Earl of Harrowby entertained a large party at dinner yester-
day, at his house in Grosvenor-equate.
Mrs. Leigh has issued cards of invitation for two routs, the Ist
and 7th of April, at her house in llertford-street.
J. 0. bambton, Esq., M.P., will give a grand dinner on Sritur-
day, at his house in Cleveland-row.
The Duke and Duchess of Bedford left town yesterday for their
seat, Woburn Abbey.
Sir itichard Vaughan, But., M. P., has arrived at his house, in
Clara-street, from his seat in Wales.
V.. It. Cartwright. Esq. M. P. has arrived at Coulson's Hotel,

1

..s was
in Amnia%

, -•• • •...••••=, ......... ••••••••• •v• LSIA/II I.llr :menu- I •• • r-• - ••••••••K•••• ••'.1.• •••• • • ••••• m ..... ma •• I,artagea.n. • time., preset, woo was satonnineo to see a number of turtle an the deck,
Al7oBBl'ltli. MARC!, 14. Lower Brook-street- from his seat in Northamptonshire. and asked,writh native simplicity, " Are they real or DWI( turtle ?"
march .1;;;in-g).--has visibly seconded our ef- rity of which we can rely, state, that at Logrono and Ochandiano i
red- The reports which were in circulation sonic time} ago, respecting „ • happy and very serious disturbances have arisen between the troops and the Sir 11'illiam and bath Twysden, left M'arren's Hotel, Regent- A greet many stale puns, and a greet many bed pans, are revived
the reorganization of the Order of Malta, reached onstantinople, " ions ; you may attach your names to an era , .
Spanish peasants ; the lather being stimulated to excesses by the street, yesterday, for their seat, Itoydon hall, Kent. for the amusement of the audience. Mr. M'Aelsas is called the
asks. where they caused a disagreeable sensation ; the Ottontun Govern-memorable for France ; you will not reject such an
priests. Several were killed and wounded. 11. G. Bennet, Esq., M. P., arrived yesterday evening, it the CoJornir, hodes. At length the traveller arrives at New York,
Private acanints from Madrid, dated March 14, state, lietitord . in St..lames'a-square, from Worthing.
tnent considering this Order as es serially destined to make perge- " honour." These appeals to the Almighty on such oc-n for.''.• and cangiee interesting and lan_ghable sketch of his comparisons Jr
month teal war in the Crescent. It is at ratted that the Grand Vizier as canons are most blasphemous and impious. Can an omni- that the Foreign Ministers resident in that capital had stron Ig y re- . L. M. I'. has arrived in town George Dyne, sq „ from Brighton. voyage ; particularly of a Mr. Baseatop, an elderly, drawling, rue-
Duke of
General Ord has arrived at Gordon's Hotel, Albemarle.street, bsnenoty_tonen gentleman, who loves ansastoas and tan: .31,j,,,
0,, to caused several questio: , on this subject, to be put to Baron potent Creator approve the slavery and misery of millions monstrated with Ferdinand upon his delay of the amnesty. The
there I/millets. the Austrian I iternancio, and that he has replied, that , from his seat, Brook Farm. ,
The atrocious attack on Spain may be Marquis of Campo Sangrado had left for "Barcelona, and was the
bearer, it is said, of a reprimand for the Baron d'Eroles upon the - c Earl. Falmouth firimstone, whoirluthes with ardour and a tight stock ; and a new
Th of arrived on Wednesday at his house in Pennington, who somewhat resembled Curran, and who enters
I was wholly ignorant that the great powers had the intention of of nit' creatures
ground of his having refused to disband his army, ands,
r'efusino St. James s-equare, from his seat in Cornwall. a defence of his countrymen, against the alandera of those who no
hard• re-establishing the Order of Malta. Aleantime the Porte has been an era memorable in the annals. of France, but far from
Lord Somers left Miller's Hotel, Jermyn-street, yesterday, for generally visit America—the poor, the bad, and the idle—and
rt or informed, by way of Odessa, that Deputies from that Orier bad being honourable to her ;it is full of infamy, and never repair to Madrid when hereceived the orders of Government to that
his seat, Eastror Castle. wishes that some one, with a pen pluckrcl from the wing tit
unveil at St. Peteraburgh, whose inionon was to solicit the support can be mentioned but with unqualified reprobation. effect.
Arrivals at the British Hotel. Jennyn.atreet : —virJohn Oldfielff, Peace, would tell to Englishmen how ardently _the bonnie of
on- 4 the Enlace Alexander, to obtain one of the islands in the --..wanws,--_
•y in It
disp wins stated in an article from Odeirt that very serious ,
.3 i front a tour. E. Hartopp, Esq., front his seat in staffordshire. their Trans-Atlantic brethren beattowards them. Mist °therewith,
retie.
•i'l'hilrelligo, on the very provable supposition that England should Sir John Newport's motion on the Education Societ
had arisen between the Prince of Fr 'a and the Russian
insht in refusing to restore the island of Malta to the Supreme
Ireland was carried last night, and a Commission for General liermoloff, who commands in Georgia. as well as many of a similar maitre, were loudly_applandad by the
:omen of the Order which resides at Catania, in Skill.
with_y letters from Buenos Ayres, we learn that ncgociations .
. I Mr. Co Wol.l.V.—Tbis unfortunate gentleman arrived, audience. The next sketch is of the African 'Theatre, iAere Mr.
2Z FrIAXXFOIIT, Ili Ascii lg. investigation granted : Mr. North's intended oration in By
the three neighbounog provinces had been opened, to establish t at a quartet past
seven on Wednesday night, at the Flower-Pot Cesar Alcibiades Hannibal Hewlett enacted the part of Hamlet,
tuner- The determination of the Emperor of Austria to delay till Sep- defence of the Kildare-street Association, in consequence, one United Gov mem:, which would at once put an end to the I 1 nu,,firtishnpsgate.street, by Norris's Hertford roach, accompanied recd "Tobe or not to be," and then sung a tong about an -
to
by 1 .Il ilson. the governor of Hertford gaol, and Mr. Marton, auto which runs up a gum tree, and is pulled down,by the long tail
gal ember his intended visit to Italy, is ascribed to political reasons of .
h the he greatest importance. vanished into " thin air." The Honourable Gentleman came late petty warfare and unite them in one bond of union. The
election of the resident of Buenos Ayres was to come on in T
: his assistant. 'Three more convicts were on the mot of the coach. by a racoon in the hollow. Mr. Mathews then eves an - account
Lette-s from Corfu of February 23, say :—" Crest movements down to the House, we understand, full of eloquence and ,„ , , . They soon after were taken to Newgste in • hackney-coach. To- of an Aii.erican army, in which fishing rods, pitch-fork., and unt-
area,
.wnen some communication on this important subject was tering: morning slr. (.molly and the other three prisoners were brellas are allowed to take the place of muskets among the. soldier
ty of Wee taken place since the 15th January, in the and
dui- evangelic lore ; and the Lord Mayor of Dublin and others '"
expected
removed by coach to Woolwich, !'tree whence they will take their folk. This description, and the song that accompanies it, is the
S and °le" of the Continent, situated between Griechori and Argyro.
llie of Ireland ' decided M• 1 ' most libellona part of the performance, but it is not man *so than
of the worthy citizens, were in the gallery, to hear and cry Surveyis finallyupon. sjor
,departure or Portsmouth, and embark on hoard one of the trans-
:then- The principal part of the troop are st Bilnino, whence they have
Colby is to have the direction, and to increase the rapidity of it, -20 t ports bound to New South Wales. Mr. Conolly appeared very his old account of the review of the City Volunteers in Hyda
In",...faudire," when Ministers were unconscionable enough to
detached parties to the north, beyond Tehe'len. These movements,
'with Academy,• nel :
even cadets who have left the Woo a are waiting fur . much dejected. Two convicts. renteneed to transportation for life, Park ; anti, bore, the Americans cannot conr.,lain of unfair
maths directed by persons formedy the chief partisans of the famous Ali grant old Sir John • motion without any debate i and thus
eaves Pasha, are the result of a plan formed for delivering all that extinguished the speech of Mr. John Henry North, and commissions in the ordnance corps, have been ordered nn that see-! arrived yesterday morning by the Chenter mail, and were also con. usage. Part the Sec redo( the performance commences with the
: -
. _ , further in- veyed to Woolwich.— No petition or memorial on behalf of Mr. attempt to engage a servant, who refuses to be the " hap" of an
'ce. By theafith instant they are to be at Canliff, fur ' I •
"muff from the dominion of the Turks. The Greek+. on their the long-prepared eulogium of the Kildare-street Asso- n
nn -,. .
tructio i lan i surveying. urtier Mr. Dawson, of the late corps of Cottony has yet, we tinderstand, been sent in to thc Secretary of Englishman, or to hire bim to become his teenier. Mr. Mathews •
Cons. side• we making preparations to .in an e&'etnel manner' station. We recommend Mr. North to print his intended 3 -
tie'" in the projects of the Albanians. owever, the Greek Govern-
oration, as if spoken, and Dot deprive the world of the wiU proceed to Ireland. It is supposed •vl they ill be
draftsmen, with whom the will remain about six weeks, and then State for the Home Department. IVe are informed, however, that then diacritics his dinner with General Jackson, and .in the gs song
Obt n encamped du. •M r. Justice lieu, who tried the cause, has been consulted, and of his Poet I 4 Frenchman. At Boston Mr. Mathews was.
Be WI smelt has not yet published any thing official relative to the nep-
• and the ewer of the Alba- ' second edition of his 11131Wer te Mr. O'Connell and Mr. ring the progress of the survey. that lie is decidedly against say mitigation of the sentence, well received ; and beet, although it ill sot the curtain in America
Wiens between Constantine Damns,
