ST(

#1"-STRA7'Pui2l), APRIL 10.

•.•
AittACT OP A I. ETTER. •
" Tette night .hetwitte s het wem Thorsily and
Friday lass, a steam engine, in the parish of Cos-
grove, near this plate, em;loyed on the works of
the Grand Jnndlion Canal took fire, owinly it is said
to some hot ashes' and ciml.rs being thrown out
carelessly near to ;he wood work of the temporary 'I
building containing theEsgine, arti in a }bolt time,
all the wood and other einnivistible materials there-
of were entirely consumed. This Engine was ereft-
ed about a year ago by Harrison, Oliver, and Co. the
Contraflorsfor the illirnel/SC embankment,or mound
of earth, forming by the side of thepreseht line of the.
Canal, from Woolverton to Cosgrove, on which a
new lioe of Canal is intended to be formed, in order
to avoid the loss of time and water, occasioned by
four locks, which will then become useless. A part
of the inconceivably great quantity of earth, which
this embankment requires, is taken from a large
And deep pit, near the middle of the valley, which
this Engine was employed to drain, that the springs
of water might not i.bstret the workinta : in a
short time, the pit b-came of water, and it
is feared that full two months will be lost, before
the Engine can be rebuilt, to ',comae the work ; but
for this accident, this immensu undertaking would
in all probability have been finished in .forte next.
While viewing the rains of the above engine, I was
sorry to observe, that the large arch, lately eon-
struard under 'llk embankment, f r carrying off
the extra-waters (.1 the river which comes down
from Buckin;;ham, in times of floods, is Avidy
sunk so considerably in the crown, that it appear,
unsafe to continue the canal over it, sinless it can,
by mine means or other, he supported or strength-
ened. Such failures As'thi,, ant, similar ones, Which
happened to the first tunnel. tiro igh part of Blis.
worth Hill, not far lions this place, are considered
as extraordinary, by all who have he trd of the
many similar work.. i n other canals, long ago con-
strufled, without Any such accident."

TO TILE EDITOR O?' THE 1111171311 PRESS.

SIR,

A. you have alwara htm a hie❑' to the CAW': of jusrce,
I flitter my: If that ther.cr latex will not be denied a Om, in
your excellent Paper.
Wh Mr. Keilible was called upon to assign h's reaton for
out sok-awing Mr. Malt ... to sing, for Signora Sron•ce's Benefit,
■ f•w pieces riot of Tee Cahivet, be said, that this being ilia
o.rly Opera which laroiig'.t in money to the his eim•
pliiirice with such a request voted make the Theatrs a lore.
Sow, Sir, suppose it to Se true (which it certainly was not).
that The Catiosi was thi! wily Opera which brilught moat). :0
Covent glider', yet, it Mr. Keinbi• aSed rightly at this tame,
he aaed very wrung ut .evec.il former occaaom, when he
mat; no ohieltioo. t-i ..me passages bro.' swig for the
I,enefit of other !wrfurme•.s ; and it would wit, I think, have
been teo great essaderteassion in that mighty man. had he per
minted thess songs tab.: repeated mic t more at Mr. gr.bani',
3iirticular rksire. It was the Manager's iotetest to have acted
in a very di:L•reat manner from what lie did t 3 a pcie.m aim liai
been of so cinment ..trvice to Covcnt•garden. and es:io pru
'Weed one Owra. which Mr. K-mblo himself acknowtuilg_s
aolv.ititagete:s to th

Indeed, thi. roil Master has o,4tiva to say for
and his conduct wAI appear •titl more incnii•ist:i.t, when it is
~Adord, that not latr than Saturday, tw., strangers came
forward, sad sang fir NI,. Lewi.'s II nett, .013ig i.ipciv out Of
The E..truh Peet; tftyPia *hien ahem. rain *ad.owing
and e e a, and nitut therefore kw lucrative to the Theatre
Perhaps, Sir, th, above statement rwir Fr wrens
se ,he the erinodicm which cite public mind se.mr. to rim,.
thin arairvit Mr. Itranani„ anit nuke it evident that on, step.
ha telt waiwaint pimpery bar rtiwPrfe "fo gen ti.m
• - (*the nen/ hp shrived, in rworwig theteranny ear,

lam,

S'r..-

04

l•ll

EXTRACIN
FROM PATER/ Rifreettra Tug
SLAVE TRADE.
LAil CEFOtte THe MOM or CoMMOKS OK eRIDAT
TOF. SIN APRIL, 1805.

I. (Your J:netowires.)—Extra2 of a !Auer tom Lord S.ellsrek
. to the E.l. I 0.11141:1V 41 i daterl liarbedsev, I ith N',v. 1404.•
I also enclose four papers, numbered from No. 1
to 4, containing, :nom different quarter; reports on
the hot rid murders I mentioned in aome former 41
letters ; 'lira are tile:led from i grea, number, among
thief, there it not :tie is contras:feint gfihr horrilt ',folk
though several of the letters are very concise and
defective ; the truth is, that nothing iois given nut
in ,re trouble to get to the bottom of th in these bn-
sincsses, so hcrrihly absurd are the prejudices of ds.
people ; how ever. a great p in of my object is an
steered, by the alarm my otterlerence has excited,
and the attention it has called to the. business; bills
are already proposed to make murder felony in both
the Council and the Assembli ; Lid, I fear, they will
le shr*vi out for the prrteitt in the 'Cie's* ; t Cern-
sit ar, NPIII,IifIIO-4% Oa the sac if hasstsoli 7.
I. No. I. ( Frani lest Ince% Statentswt.)—Stalest a eaCre of
Hone/ Ha!',
EnOmnntrleleinl lisceit Wiecri)trig,llr fitli.uni dBOMr4 1804,
7J-tomer! ' 'to
and Mr. Harding, former Manager of
Estate, and now the Mana,ger of the '
tate, attached to the support of Codiit
Mr. Waltrin told me mat Mr. HArdia::,
before him a man of the name of H
private soldier in the St. filicltel's or
menr, who had, in presence of Mr Hi
most wanton, malictous mintier, marls.
Woman, that he did not know persona
since heard she was the property of Mr,
owner of the estate called Simmons's •
a valuable Slave, and had five or six i
Walton said. that H Ills seemed to be wiry
cm atom the crime, and that be hand caled upon
me to know what swat to be done with bins, as Mr.
Walton :aid, i.l his situation as a rragistrato, the Law
o/' the trona atinel;ted hiss so jorodielio4 or au'ho'ilY
seer him, and hr did 'u emaider he bed • right to
f(PMFIIIi him to p, is n t without my order. Mr. Hard.
ing then gave the following tratiniony : Than he
was returning from town, and just above the Line of
Pilgrim he overtook sever;l market Negrom and
this man. Halls, on the road ; he did not now .his
man at the time, but he had his niu,ket and bayonet
fixed over his shoulder, and his regimentals, as m-
ooning from the alarm which had arias that mora-
ing, and discharged at noon ; that when he over-
took this man it was not six o'clock in the evening ti
as he drew near him, he heard him muttering some
words, and saw him run alter some Negroes with
his bayonet charged; that the woman was on the
other side of te mad still going up ; and MI lee
came u, , this mar, Halls, it: pited until the 'worsens '
..one 1a,,, and irnmeJoitely crossed the road, as'
Halls made after the woman, and prunged the bay=
onct into her body, when the poor cm :cure dr.,pped,
.n.l v ithout a groan expired : hc immediately went
to him, said spoke harshly to him, and .ai ". he
ought to he hanged, for he newer sass a m..r- wicked, .
.unprovoked murder., and that he would ecrt only
carry him before a magistrate, and that i,e timid
be seta to gaol; and he said, .. Jar •:: lest ? filling 4
Hems"' On .which he got assistance, and b-tu
him to Mr. Walton the ma ;aerate. and that he,
1 Mr. 'larding. had accompanied Mr. Walrou to me,
to (elate the fate. T told Tirr. lirilionlbsiti re-'
.
greeted. with real concern, tfiff'arferftc7 in nor- .
law; fait that there was a penalty due tothe King •
in such crises ; -and that.ls Mr. if:toting-lad suffi-
ciently substantiated the ft.% I would otdcr him to
be committed till he pad the forretture. or a suit
• should be commenced against him : accor-dingly be
was sent to prison, where be now remains, and at n..er
arrest from Mr. Clarke's representatives, to be re-
covered according PS law, and the King's tine, and
will possibly be there gir life, as I hear he is not
worth a shilling, nor no expo fancy ever nu pay it.
.Perhaps. my Lord, it was a stretch of power in ma
to order commitment before a r. covery of the 6 "II
but the evidence of Mr. Harding, a man of villa,-
mithed chars ter, the circumstances of the case so
harrid, so wickedly deliberate and unprovoked, con-
irked to induce me to secure his person until the
only remedy of some punishment swill be applied.
Lamentable indeed is it, that our assembly -(fax I
cannot allow legislature to form the word) 41 it'd
look upon such things with cold indifference. and
not provide that just remedy which the law of God
and man, in every other civilised commonay but
this, has in effete, and even upon Lager extent of
population and slavery; in Jamaica net the smallest
inconvenience has ever arisen. Sthe'y! Surely I
they will he mote disposed to :war reason. and to
establish justice I l
To the second Query from youiLcrehlp ; I be.
lieve the fait relates to the case which was in tauted
by attion in the Court of Ercheauer. before your
Excellency left the Government, as I sighed the
Writ when Chief Baron. at the suit of Collo-at
against Crone; and I It/Wm:stand judgm int hat been
admitted without being given to Ju y, against
Crone in favour of Colbe‘k ; but whether the Kola's
fine is included in th it recovery I really do ant
kilow, and your Excellency may be better infmarew
ed horn theesent Chief %iron or the es. torney
General. The circumstances of.liat ease I do not
know exaaly; from common report, they must have
been richly deterring of the Jasper Coll—
To the third Query.—l never heard any otfi-ial
account of the case; I understand from enq are,
that the fate. as to the murder, is true, that the
party's name is Thomas Nowell, a butcher by trade
in the parish of St. Andrew, and that being in the
dirt& vicinity of the Rev. Mr. Payne, and tbe Hon.
Col. Jordan, your Excellency may o'itain a more
particular account of this infamous wretch who.
I am told, ought to have been removed from society
long ago.
1. No. 2 —Advocate General's Latta to Lord Saadettlt
MY LORI), o,ober 15th, 10454.
I have many apologies to make to your Lord-
• Tbe resti will ant fail na mark this reeasetable. IbAuimp in
Nadi ohms haw. Tb. Macassar has moreerar even to .aeoweia
the retwderer of a liege Slave I he he. ea jartedietioa .a the
son as ate ; one yet the irbdameba:ter a soon se thecae.
dittos, that the lain which they asset ate not c„,lposell us the
sp nit of the British Guildsman.
' t In hoe lieelr a manner 40118 this short, sot etnirt.ains
' seeteoce, paint the Airgrart,d eenditien of West i,.....i. Wawa.
They are, to fact, thruo rinwre to the level o as; 0, .:4.
f An •,...loty ia requatite Co ventonng to c4nstult to pilaw*
a wise* caoglal us ilia act .d Ides a tieft9••

•••• OAP'

)a my return to
Justice Walton
of Prctt;john's
e Fooci-ty's Es-
ingtonliege.
haft brought
Henry Hells. a
or Royal Regi-
llarding, in a
rd; e I a Negr
on My, bat ha,l
Mr. Clarke,
• that she the
children. W.
e vsry inditfer-
.
