a Mi.

which had been made upon his conduct by
Meter in,..the othiteiHousel—He proceeded to com-
ment otillOmposlittatkon w b Abe Putt. of. °Sicily
had settAittlifir, offer het. tittle J liWethe Ihrtaer Mee
lllleVnetietit revenue, had
.:been matted at
1,110114006 Overt % That, howelar, Was the wee
budget : there had hien two subsequent budgets,
the Jotter of _which was only. 1,400.,090 ottrioess.—.l
How Came it thit the litter budget had not been
adopted ? But this was not all. Wh.t check had
the Sot:dials to prevent the Crown frem..getbering
no more than this amount, when the Ktag, was to
our it his own accounts, end was to be reepossible to
AO party.in the State? The King had credit attri-
buted to him for consenting to the abolition of rho
feudal rights, whereas the Barons were the Only
'check upon the royal power, •and besides that, the
herons gave up those rights themselves, on condi-
tion that the King should give up a part of his
rights, which were not at all more sacred than
those of the Barons. He concluded Shortly by
moving.a.Resolution to the following effect
14 That as humble Address be
.preseated to kis Mainly,
bre* to represent to him that the Haase had the morn-
"folios to learn that the coudect punned by the Sieibien
irserettiqteld bad tended ts reduce iiskprivilegea of the pro.
pie of the Sicilian nation, in such a degree as to lead to, •
sospieion that the British Goverenaeut must have commuted
to the adoption of It,. measurer Ulm by that Court ts% IP*
press the people of Sicily, avid humbly to pray that ins Man
jest, would be graciously ',IWO Aft •Aive. direct's,'" to hies
Ministers to interfere in 'web 'a thstssas as 'balsamic and
dignity of the cuuutry May regain."
The Marquis of LONDONDBIHIT WU willing to
do justice to •the candour, intellogeneA'. and how-
veiny of the Noble Lord, but he considered the
period unfortunately late for the proposed inter-
ference. fie reminded the House that the ttru"*-
actions were those of ISIS. and the Noble Lord
had found no fault with the inetractions sent out to
the hlinister thereupon. It wee too late to ertinitione
the G.sverinuent of Naples, especially at this mo-
ment, when the.Coistratoent of the Sicilisa.Uattoti
Was about to ussainsp.re.orgeniestiotti Nays :We
very basis of the deliberations was .to 'he that
eel), independence which the Noble Lord-seem-
ed to think so estimable. Upon fleet auliject
•he appealed to the case. of Scuilendinal kelaWls
to *hew that whatever feelings belonged to 1110iNg-
*Mellon of supposed initionol importance, Slates
alight tie vary happily blended for the strength wed
advantage of the whole empire. He then described
the circumstatti es under which England had tiikeu
military possession of Sicily, with r view 4;heck-
ing the militery aggressions of France in that
quarter. That military occupation had no refer-
mice to the happiness or constitution of Sicily, but
only to securing the dominions of the King of
Sicily. True it was that to time of war, doriug
the occupation of Sicily by Great Broom, a smug
interference was necessary to keep the constitution
at work, and do that which Was neccessary to carry-
ing on the operations of the war. Certainly
the Noble Lord was mixed up with annoy re-
monstrances which came from Sicily, and Its
ai-
tuatiot. mutt have beet. euflicmutly irkeinne, but
at the same time something must be allowed to the
feelings of the station -at • witnessing this-coercive,
though necessary tuterfereoce. He differed frau
-the Noble Lord as to his maiming,* of the con-
siitunou, upon which he beltrited that all parties
in the State were agreed that 'it could not staid.
-As far as the rule and compass could make a etiti7
stitution, it was perfect—hut fur all practical,
military, civil, or political AsurpOses, uselesa., It
was agreed thee, that •the; constitution should be
reformed. The Parliement went so stork, but
Instead of doing it by constitutional means, as
recommended by Sir William Al.:twit, they
struggled for twelve mouths in Tau. Having
come to a dead lock, they addressed the throat,
preying that a Royal Couisnisnon might h.e ap-
pointed to adjust the Constitui l . In the mean
time some sort of government was necessary. The natiou
as, without any, as the old form of government had gone
by. He proceeded to condemn any attempts proposed to be
made by the Brit'sh in the affairs of nig constitutions of
other countries. It was. be hoped, the teat office 'which
wueld ever be undertaken by this Goverunteul. As to the
'present proposiii.ni, if the Noble Lord, with 25,000 troops
ender him, had been unable to make hio'voice heard within
the walls ti? the Sicilian plrfa-ce, Whit hope was there that at
this distant period soy good could be • ffected by making
speeches me Painamese ? His Lordship, defenited generally,
and iv particelar, the conduct of the Watts!) Goveutament in
all its conduct towards Sicily, which had nut bee., questioned
by any Siciliam• high or low, except in One installer. Ile
was willing to do justice to the Noble Lord*, militai y admi-
nistration it. Sicily, which had frequently forced him to act
the politician, painfully to himself and the Goof-route's', sod
'nicely to be brought within the regulations of international
law ; but be could nut *NW the ?fertile Lund to be supreme
judge of the liberties of the people of Sicily, especially as ho
professed to judge entirely oil his uwu observation of their
circumstances. He repeated his mollies as to the supposed
excellence either of the new or old coustitution, the de-
iseriptiott of ii.Lieh he attributed to oratui lirl exaggeratioes,
wticis were well enough in debar, but of no nse in settling
▪ jaidgut,ut. He could nut consider Gras Britain as bring
held to protect even the old constitution of Sicily, or
that she was bound to may interference fir regulating the
ion rust economy of that via . Hcproceeded to justify the
COUJIIei of the British Goverumeeit as to the charger of !hid,
and to 'hew that ill every case it bail hem the most anxious
wish of Ministers to avoid being pleilged it. ropy 'w•y foie-
'refire in adjusting the government, ur securing oho wen
termed the liberties of the people. Not only were the in.
streetwise to Sir W. ATunri so couched, but Sir William
himself so sli icily observed them that he never yielded even
to the personal solicitations of the moused), - when wily
cegoe• led to give an opinion as a private friend on Ili. 'HIM,
oral affairs of the State, lett he 'lonia be supposed to involve
his own Goverument in any peke fnr the maintenance
of that order of things which he might be disposed to recom-
mend. He (M argues of Londonderry) would not pledge himself
for the excellence of the new Governmeiit, hist neither could
he entirely trust to the description of its comparative deme-
rits given by the Noble Lord. He begged leave to read the
opin expressed on the projected chaeges therein by Sir
W. Ak:uurs, than o bons he evaceived that there was no man
beiter•quatifird in judge.--(His Luc &hip proteeded to iced
exirset• truss the cuesaisitocalione of the Hogttah Moister,
which cootained Irmo of coegratelatiom at the Hircllsh Go-
vernment baying Items mittrely released from all responsibility
or ley of iaiererreeee hit the propovedchanges.)—And
here he look occasion to observe, bow clear it must he to the
House Thal the ad •iinstration of the English Government
while occupying those kitigdums must hare beeu ofhe mildest
character; for not only Ind the turbulence sad imprielude
• sprung up since the encomium, hat there a as nut tote
' party is the Siete, Out eves the d•scototeuted Carbonari,
• which had not borne testimony to the mild amid
equitable matinee is which the euveeument had hero
administered. He do . mean to say, that if the new
' Constitution were in be sisbj.citel to jeridicial criticism, it
slight nut be found dtkctivtio rnany particulars its the eyes
of • Mentlwr of the britiah Vartiminesii. 13u1 ibe question
was, did tie ay bit RI pursued bear such coldest,' characters of
malignity tin the fate of it ? were the dims...4o6one to destroy
the li'ierties if the people sms 'obvious that a Illiieirier of
Englaud luokiug oe, supposing him als,r to be au elightewed
Warmer, and wee eke well -km* Whit litisurdeetes triteep

in the ezereisr ash' (auctions trailed to him,' would have
felt it necessary Iltrlttowelneed hii Goverieseeut interfere !
To this question heitheiegid he had arliwlletent seiteret Iw the
oemarke of Sir A'Cisort.-nffHe Sold itenther **WWI, In
which Sir William save Omni pietist It the risk nppointaments
of the state eaters, as asp teeliiifed all dseliertelfe wing had
taken active parts with the British nation in the operations
of the war.]—From these circumstances he confessed that
hvieishl infer within, very defilements' to Ate liberties of
• ike -people ; at any rate be could discover nothing which
lelleit fur ' British imerferesee. Hering thus made this
piker! defence, he thould sow proceed to make a few observe.
thus on the transaction itself, and really looking at the
transaction, not indeed with the microscopic eye of mistily-
lional criticism, it did not appear to him there was any thing
' its the change which had taken place that could lend to
"diminish the dignity, to lessen the comforts, or destroy the
prosperity of the people. It might be that his ear had been
deadened by the sound of " 1111116116. bet he thought he dis-
covered some lurking disposition on the part of the Sicilians
to effect sit onion. This union bad been effected, an union
too similar in principle to the Scotch union, whereby the
people bad an opportunity of taking all their own country
possessed, hesidee all they could get in the other part of the
empire at large.—( fieor, hear, and a latigh.)—And he moat
my, that he did not feel the slightest appreheesion that the
Sicilian people would suffer by the able and powerful aego-
ciation of the Noble Lord, nor did lie entertain the slightest
fears that the country would be worse g d ender the
new system than the old. The Noble Lord (Bentiuck) had
borne a splendid testimony to one fact, that under the sew
system all feudal rights bad been abolished. The question
then was, whether there was any thing in the change so de.
strut-five to all that weedear to Sicilians, which produced a
slate of things under which the most oppressive of all th.ir
grievances, the feiidal system, had beets abolished? They
now possessed a Corporation, a regular Cuenca, and all the
facilities and aecommodattoes which such • Constitution
. . .

(not posseming all the ble--aaleigs of the British Constitution)
could posers'. There was mu is premium us his
mind, or the minds of his Majesty's that
there appeared say grossed fur iuterference. Their
• duty distinctly was noe-interference, reserving the right
of interfering if circuited bad occurred to render
such a course etc y. The Noble Lord was the only
person to whose mind soy animadversion bad suggested
itself, soil that after a period of five years, after the cessation
of that system to which his observations referred. They
had taken every wise precaution which every wise British
• Allender amid do consistently with the character of the
country. It was not enough to come there and tell him that
as iadividual lad suffered, but he contended that so cir-
, eunrstanee had occurred of a size and nature to warrant in-
terference. Nothing but a course of unjust and oppressive
conduct could justify It ; bet so far from that, they had the
'uninterrupted silts .e of the whole country as a proof of the
• contrary. They had besides the report of their British Mi.
nister, that the conduct of the Neapolitan Giveratneul to-
wards the Srcilian■ was as pod as could be expected.
Under all the circumstances, there appeared nothing in his
mind that could justify Alluisters in putting their reserve
into exesirtiou.—(fleaf, aar.)
Sir JAM P.S MACKINTOSH said, that if he cossetted his
own iodination. be should perhaps abstain from any com-
ments ON the observations of the Noble Lord,suggested prin-
cipally by what had extolled ou a former occasion. There
was DO question of more importance, none that more loudly
called en a Iliiiish Minister fur eaplaoatioo, ■nd none cer.
tai lily in which every individual is that House was interest-
ed, tekle regarded the honour and happiness of his country.
—(Near, heor.)—But it ass psiacapelly upon the slate.
winds of the Noble Marquis himself that he founded his
opappofi to this motion. The Noble Lord bail alluded to a

former debale ; but lit hoped be world do him the jossoice

to admit, that he concurred in the principles cuataised is
the dispatch. but complaiseJ that the Government hail
Aut aflitiered to them. Once more he agreed i■ those
principles le their fullest estrut. What hs complain-
ed of was, that a cosatitutiun had mot tees gives to
Sicily, not such, as could wily be discovered by a Nei-
,firoikopie iiivestigatioa. sod that Ministers had violated
the principles of their drityptek ad liostosseit progressed that
which they promised to perform.--(Hear, ba►.)-1t was
nut his iiit.ntion to say much about unions- The Noble
Load had alluded to the Scotch Union, Ned was pleased
rho remark that the Scotch had Ilse posses of all
the poor -of, tied scanty things in, their owe country,
besides all they could gel in the empire at large. But
II he (Sir Janie.) could fawns any opinion from the present ap-
pearance of those, he should say that the countrymen of the
Noble Lord hail nut been behind is the distribution of the
°Sear, but that they enjoyed pretty liberally the advantages
of the Irish Uniun.--(ileor, hear, and a laugh.)--He
did not meals to canalise this. It was only as it should
This was the only proof of a solid awl perfect union; but to
consider the matter is s morE serious manner, ►e was sur-
prised that the Noble Lord should so strangely culifosnoi a
solemn compact of onion between two west contort's, wish
the submisriuti of asmall and defenceless State to the yoke

of despotism. The Noble Lord paid but a poor complieneut
is either England, Inland, or Scotland, in ibis extrauriburoy
confusion. The Noble Lo►d had applied the argon/Infant ad
itomineat in his Noble Friend, and said he had been rather
late iu bringing forward his motion ; but the Noble Lord
waned to forget the real grounds upon which the questiou
rested. His Noble Friend had been long aware of the
charges he bad now brought forward, but so mail could hare
Ituowst the pledge had been to existence—,,o man could hare
k non u, until it appeared in these papers, that there had been
• voluntary agreement in existents. The urigival instruc-
tions bad

trues were •ttlialituiedt in thror stead He could nut 'oppose
that some instrurtnina had not been Orem to S r W. A'Cuart,

or lame represtottat eeeee s nintk to t►e Sicilians out tie part of
their friends.—(f/ear, heat )—And it was nu small smatter
that these papers had not been laid before the House. They
had sot A...gullet' the spirit of appeal to the feelings of na-
tions in 1614, at the end of the war; they led nut then
adopted that diced of liberty which has siert become the po-
licy of the Holy Allies. Hr could nut agree with the Nobte
Lord that the universal silence which prevailed was any
woof of weii I content. It was too gement' to admit of

that evustruction. f u Governateest, not the h. al that ever
existed, could Ise fete from complaint. Thia unifiers:oaq
was a proof the &plait, of the people; it procee.l.d from

a dread of skew oven Government., and • doubt that any in.
ti.ference ou the part of the English Govern muesli woukl not
be such es to compensate then) for the aspects they incterred.
This nuirersal *deuce •f-blutoeco or Silveri& was up proof of
the happiness of their governmesi. In 1815. when his Noble
Etiend weal out to Naples, authorised by the English Go.
veinmeui, lie was refused admittance on •rcouni of seine
art • Inch had actually received the &anmie and approbation
.. . o

itte BritiolsGoveraateut ; aiiJ after tlo• irratotsesit to the

friend of the Sicilian (for that was the mark of distractimi
the Noble Nlargisis had conferred upon him), little cowl,' be
expected by the Sicilian. from the English Goverrinsent q
besides, they too well koew the new principles which hand
crown up in the littlish Cabinet; they remembered the
Treety of Vituna, cud the system whirl., unfortunately fur
the character ui ibis eoiretry, had of late years hero adopt.
ed. Three propusit. arose out of the fps uosi :—first,
I bat Mere is no evidence of the impracticability of the
new Government; second, that if the ancient were re.

stored, the country would out be better; ■ud third,
that the late change, and the Salereat and grins rlepar.
litre of the King of Naples from the principles laid
down, have opened the entire question, and placed the Eng.
lush Government in precisely the seine situation as before the
agreement; widen these grounds he contendt.tl he had a right
to call upou the House so support the motion of his Noble
}lkon/. First, then, what we■ the evidence of the impracties.
batty ultimate, constitution ? The hubleMerquis bad supplied
them with a dispatch which he received in thowniopstreel,-
Indite had.not favoured them with; any particulate. He had
indeed given them some declamation about the pouchy that
preva:lat• in Sicily, deemed out is the gaudy colouring of his
own imagination, but which bay. to original in nature,
from whence they profess to be borrowed. He (Sir James
Macktotesb)• bail paid some attention to the proceedings
of that sbort•hved assembly, and he was nut able 1 dis-
cover any addresses. These, if laid upou the table, might
'ford tbe House seem !Midi/Aims ; but ha had heard quits
the contrary from prom fur whom be had the highest
ect. He bad•bea►d that the first men in both Houses of
ireeltelwelst theft were of opinion that some reform was

kweemml, and that they had the me aniwithislisileas to
effect that 'reform. The !Hanoi* Caeilello hiitUdipuken of
•O'be eneoantegerha ea-stings -reform, bat be
had sot atate4l what obstgelei iris is the way. lie sever
heard is his life any object accomplished within, little ceremony
its the sanleoce and execution of the Psiliam•nt of Sicily.
The difficulties that lay in the way of reform, stated by Cici-
tello, appeared to be she only ground for the somihilation of
the Parliament. Bet there was a coroner rename—the false
and fraudulent concealment of that secret Treaty on the
part uf the Neapolitan Ministers. Did they consider this
Treaty binding? if so, they were bound to establiah des.
potism. Asti was the House to take the evidence of an
enemy who were actually bound to destroy the Constitution ?
the 9th of June the General Congress of Vienna sat; on
the 14th, the secret Treaty was signed, and they and the other
parties to ibis flagitious enpaeniesit concealed the stipula-
tion from those with whoni they were iu close co-opt-ration.
The Noble Loud had alluded to the autiject of conspiracies;
this was delicate pound, and he dad nut wish to 'hotrod', Ike
ashes of the dead; but he should ask the Noble Loral, whether
it were in the two Hoes,. of Parliament these conspiracies ori-
ginated, ur rather, was it not in the Court, nay is the very ft-
roily of the Kind of Naples ?—(Hear.)--The people of Sicily
admired and respected the institutions of this coutitry ; to it
they looked for all tioise principles of freedom uf which it
once boasted, but which, •he feared, the Noble LorJ and
bus colleagues would destroy—obey looked ownu it as
the classic ground and ancient seat of liberty; but they
sever could suppose the lime wa IJ come when a
British Minister would stale, that the Parliament of their
country should be destroyed, b- it required a micros-
copic eye to discover it. He was sorry that a British Minister
should resort to She minute technicalities especial plead-
ing, to justify the intsaction of a national Treaty. Nu
comparison whatever could be instituted between the sew
Government and the *ld. The old system was what our
forefathers world have called a simple despinism.—(Near.)
—The new Government, although it only possesselltSe germs
of the British Constitution, stall it bore so strong a resem-
blance as to be able to trace its descent room our common
ancestors, the Normans. The King was uhtiged 1. waves
a Parliament every four year., because supplies wise Si he
granted, just as the King of Engtatol aninta.ised his Parlia-
ment anuually. It was quite true a Council bad been sub-
stituted in their 'tend; but the King had the power of alter-
ing the taxes. There were e.timates and a budget, but
saline was She Member for Aberdeen Su check the abuses
and extravagance of AI is' ere %—(Cheers anti tougiver )
What resource had they left? None. bat what the "Holy
Alliauee" would call au impious rebellion. If this then
were the ease, the name was as great a delusion as ever ex•
tutted. Hr should really he maligned to push this matter
further had it not been for the admirable rase and under
tones wish which the Noble Lord glossed over it. Ile moat
either do this or join iii the sigitiGeasit smiles of the Noble
Lord, which he confessed were very eoutagions.—(A laugh)

--et qua
vesperal 'mania noteseere peseee,reliequit.

He really was ashamed to trespass so lung spoil the House
(Hear, hear), lost he wished so say a few wuril• upon the
Degree of the Kirg of Naples, by 'shish he subverted the
Constitution which hit poemsl benevolence had given to
his people. There seemed to be a fatality over every thing
in the present times ronaected with tile name of liberty.
We hid often heard of the caprices of popultr Goveritmeuts,
but we hive had, within a short period, Iwo nee-hailed
despotisms. One was held out as the perVrtisass of wisdom,
and the other consigned to ass iosimistious cl-nth—( 11.00—
so that these Governments were not exempt (runs the charge
of caprice. They were nut, however, liable to the charge of
impractieabilily ; no more were the Enavernasents of Tisikey
or Minorco, Hwy were most easily Insetted. He was free
to admit she difficulties that existed in reforming a govern-
ment once tainted with despotism The merits of the poison
lake possession of every member of the.body, and render it
incapable fur a Wag time of say healthy anion.—(Hear.)—
But he would ask the must enlightened l'ailiammst in the
world, suit one which had risen fruits entail braiiinings and
by s:ow degrees to it. present greater-as, whether they were
prepared to essuatensuce Site destruction of a constitution
afire twit year* esintestew. We had breed lea thosissend
troops were about tit eater Sicily, avid custOntnis would
to daubs be heard if they 61 not immediately submit
so the inspeertioe of ibis upstart despotisms. He read the
Decree to which he had adverted, with feelings far more at:
fected than those who were is the habit of perusing such
documents. He found it there staled, that " the Sicilians
have as touch iedependence as was good fir theta :" That
is, in fact, none at all. He did out meat, to slosh lightly of
the und..pritilefice of either Ireland or Seollaad, as 11.1,1 rd
with England. Fur himself he felt his country elevated
buy the coons:hon.—(Hear, hear )—But wheu he saw
foreign mercenaries prepense so impose their despotic yoke
sin the neck of a free people, he was filled with imlignaloota
and abhorrence st Oita slointerial abuse of tams.—(Lod
cheering)
The gallery was them cleared fur a (Belvieu.
Fur the M•sisuu
Agstusl it

Majority against it 34
HOLY ALLIANCE.

Mr S. WORTLEY rose to call the attention of the Howse
to the motion of *hid, i.e had gives. notice. He was by nu
mean* insensible of Isis own inadequacy to do justice to a
subject of such importance, but be could nut refrain from
so doing when he saw eerisai principles to which lie should
call their attention laid down as the law of Europe; his
Noble Fried would du hiss the justice to believe that lie
Ws. persuaded lie entertains d joist as strung...lmposition to
reprobate those principles as himself. The Honourable
Gentleman theta proceeded I. reinask or the objecTun-
able passages in the circular chapati h. At the break-
ing up of the Congress at I-reabsorb • circular dispatch was
issued, which, laser mating the restless dispaosition of Europe,
proceeded In give the opinions of the third Powers on
the reformation of Got/cram-me. It then stated list all
changes were contra • y to law that were not ffectsd by those
whom Giol had inti timed with the administration of the I swa.
He would ask Honourable Gentlemen, if this had been the
public law of Europe lierrtufule, whether we shunld have
had soy liberty whatever at the present time! He should
out have thought it •,1 tassels mauer of eoniplaint had the
Allied Sovereigns appliid there to those countries
over whirls they ruled. With respect lo the conduct of
Austria, notwithstanding, it appeared, the revolution at
Naples did snit emanate with the people as • body, bat
was the work of a faction, lit ass must cumplaiis of
the principle under which they would all,sw au reform
whatever, except surli as was awhorised by the
of the countries reforming. With respect to the re.
oulsitism at Piedmont, that appeared to have been brought
about also by a small party, and if it had beets established,
be was willing to allow a considerable danger would have
arisen to tlw Austrian power; but the Congiess of Layhaeb
did nut lout it on that footing; they say," You are begin sing
to reform contra, y to Ilse will of your Suverrien, and fur that
reason we put it down." It was quite clear they would have
net nun Spain in the same way they had Naples if lb. y had
bad it isi their poser. It might be said thin' intention was
only to keep the peace of Europe ; but if in the lion
of tut desists they prontolgaild priticiplcs contrary to the
liberties of the win Id, it was the duty of the House and the
eonoilry to interfere. Whist be should propose was, that co-
llie' of the papers should be laid before the Runic, on which
it might hereafter act as at salient ; though these was so
doubt of their authenticity, it was proper the House should
be assurid of it. If there were any thing improper in the
Production of these papers, he errtainly should out piers for
them; his endeavorr was to point the titration of the House
to kinciples fatal to the liberties of Europe, and through
It the liberties of England. The HOU. Member concluded
by moving, that an Address be presented to his Majesty to
lay before the House copies of the Declaration of the Allied
Powers at Laybaelt, and also of the Circular Dispatch Its the
Ministers of Russia, Prussia, and dusting, at Foreign
Courts.

The Margaisof LONDONDERRY said it did not appear
that Iris Huy. Freeud wishtd for these papers fur the purpose
of liking any practical proccerlins ihmeon. There was au
principle of psi hammier), practice bettrr founded than th•ut
of not calling fur documents uii which it was not iliteuded
to found some proceediwg. He bad lie doubt his Honou►s.
bk Friend mists' consider it his duty to rise is his place

Bed make the abaerralione he had dune on the tenure the
proceedings under di•eussion ; but he had so doubt the
House would agree with him cleat it would best perform is
deny to the public by alastaseisig from tilling fie the Papers
in question, and rest satisfied with the dreliration which the
Executive of this country had ensile nn the subject, mud he
thought there was no braueb of the public service which the
House would Ire mdre desirous of toning to the Executive,
than the conduct of Kontos aT.in. Ou the aulientierly of
the papers no question had amen ; the document was of a
general character, add dto all Europe; and though it
might be our dirty to look at it with' attention, it oretaiely
called lees fur the adention of Parliament than in the ene
of Troppan, because is the latter the Councils of this elm,.
try were adverted to, and it was snuistal we were how.' t.
support a reetain Ike of cinder.' but eltlinngh that, ao
• certain degree, called for the nonce of Gisierumene,
ibis was by no Means a similar can.. At Triii.p.ve
the document was issued with a view to a practical eff es
parti-nlar States. It was not an abstract invention, bet
came bolted and mist,' up with a certain coarse of couelueti
to which they conceived this country were pledged. He.
could 'tot conceive any preprint ion more npuirnaut to trio.
epoillity, than the notion, that a paper putting full!, gesiers•
principles, called fir any aniline from this country, neakivie
Europe like sielebating society. and giving rise needlessly t..
angry passions. There eliedel be no doubt what pm?,
ides were entertained by Great Britain, after the declaratewl
which hail been made, and it was impossible that Perlis
cent entail add may thing to the force of that document,
and above all, leaving it a deed letter use the table, wink
nether detract from weal the S ivereign of this country bad
done. He could
Marquis of Lowlier/sierra) *mild never be found the advocate
of the principles in that paper—(Hear, hear, hear)—
b.-cause a doctrine so monstrous amounted to this, that fo-
reign Siete. were not to judge of their own danger tram la-
reniatances, but on an abstract view they were to deeide on
the legality of then proceedings. Such comities men abso.
lately be destructive of nee independeitee of all twinge NO.'
%segments --(Hear, Ewer.)—No foreign Power could this,.
gate such powers without coniraveneng the poinciplel
common sense. Though he thought the Allied S•drereigus
had been ill advised, yet in hi. couseireire he heliesed they
were guided by a sincere desire in preserve the peace of Eu-
rope, without Joey sordid view In dispotition to arsetisninn or
aggranilieement. Though he said thus mitele, God forbid
the country should mailmen firm, revolution was a good
We had sever admired revolution fur its own sake, bet
!Diked upon it as the greatest evil that could be •I • country.
He thought that the doctrines of these papers were brosght
forward as a euniiterbalance to certain dextrinee which too
frequently found advocates within then walls There was tn-
t•inly on organised system to spread refutation sad anarchy
and it such principles were in woe It. he was snit prepare.: to
say that the Suvereietts ought to rest with their &mavens.,
waiting till the danger approached them, but they might thick
that opposing on, rnaonu.l system by another unsound rya_
ten was the way to neutrabee the 'evolutionary daugera
which the spirit that was abroad threatened Them with. As
far as lin information went with respect to Italy, she Sure-
reigns cutertaiued nu ainhitioes purposes. He regretted that
Turkey was bleeding at every pure. That cootie had bean
put in coleslaw Ms by couls'elooded caballero, not to evils li-
berty, but lo promote anarchy. lie gave his Hon. Friend
reedit for sent desiriug co embark tbs. country is fruitless roe-
tests wills the powers of the Continent, and he bail the
esti•faclion to state, that uotwitlestendiug the obvious
difference between the general principles we maintained sot l
those promulgated by the Court of St. Pt Strabane', that
deffcieuee had oral disturbed the good understeluting which,
subansed between the two countries. 11. trusted that his
Fej‘nd would not persist in calling fur • document sits
which so practical proceeding could be founded.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH 'mid be dissented from the erupcial-
lion laid doen by the Noble Margolis, that infunnatiede
was never to lx asked for unless the applicant was prepared
to avow what steps he meant to found un it. Ili his view it
was sufficient to ask for itiformation that something bad
occurred which might, by possibility, affect the interests of
the colons'', unfre' some greet injury could be sheers to m-
oult from • commionieatimi being made ma the subject.
did 1101 quarrel with the Noble Lord's g t I principles, he
rejoiced is hear the repetitioo of the eentitnruts expressed
by him un the subject of the Congress at Truppau and at Lag-
leach. From one proposition of the Noble Lord he 'nest dimwit!,
that revulution was the greatest evil which could betel a
country; the greatest of evils was pernimeet slavery, which
ought to be resisted by any revolution or aerie* of revels-
limn—(►leer, Aeer)—or incurring any other evil, Which
might indeed be repaired; but loss of liberty, that greatrairef
all evils, was irreparable. Whoever ilimselo it might he
compared with any other calamity, had in some degrte pre-
pared Ms roiled fur perpetual slavery.--.:The Hon. Meunier
proceeded to are'se on the eternity of the papers being laid
sin the tabie, and commented with great severity on the CS-
' cielar of Flossie I—He asked if it were mot True that He
three greet military Powers I.l' Europe were is a state of per-
manent twaspirsey against the law °realities ?—(llent,lwar.)
Formerly the conflicting interests of the great States of
Eueopewere a prstectioa for the smaller owes, buss that pro-
tection was sbulished whew the accursed discovery of par-
titions was niade.--(thror, hear.)—Tbe Hon. Mender pro.
needed t.. argue sin the inefficieut security afforded by the
personal thwarter of Senereigna, and reviewed the conduct
cif Russia towards Sweden sod Denmark, both of which
Powers had been her allies, and in both she had committed
acts of spoliation, because they cootinsied faithful to their
alliances when Russia chose to abandon theta. For these
revolts he should support the motion of the Hon. Member
fur Yorkshire.

Mr. C. HUTCHINSON thonght the Noble Lord ought to
have saitsGed himself with refusing the papers , he had,
gone farther, anti mode a geoera I charge that a revolutionary
spirit was abroad. Ile (Mr. Hlutellittnitt) deui..l the fact.
It wee stoke that in various parts of Europe, and in Greece,
there exists. determination to ameliorate their iiistitnitent e
and that the Noble Lord celled • conspirary If hr rightly
understood the Noble Lord, he had d.srusercd some neigh-
bouring country from which that nsivellierinis spirit of which
lie spoke emanated. Did the Noble Lord picas. Treace, which
he presumed was desigeistell though not named. The Motile
Lord had acted that night as nu oilier occasions, tic be
*ever suffered any upportuaity to pans of tie
people of those countries elm mole any (fleet is the caste
of freedom, and panegyrishig the Emperors, mid be woo d
again repeat the charge be had made last auks, **id Iffilikbu
they were partners iu the transaction. The Noble Lord had
inquired oho lie meant by minor Popovers ? He W 041141 tall the
Noble Lord that •t present there acre only Iwo Come
Reverie in Europe; one that had been considered to .bold
that rank was, by the counsels of theNohle Lod, fast Makin
to the second rank. The Noble Luria hail spoken of the
desire of the Sovereigns to preserve awl prelect the pace
of Europe, yet whenever they moved desol aims trotted
their walk, the protection they *Moiled was such as the
" Eagle gate the lamb, covering root devourisig."
Colonel DAV lES thimglit it high lime this country toek
some step to prevent the suspicion of being a parry to tint
principles maintained in the papers 'aid us. the taiga.,
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY expliosed.
Sir R. WILSON thought the occopatiosi of Sicily by .4e
Asistriases, so far from being an itidiffcreid
might oeelaie most injoriosistv to our inure-esti.

The Marquis of LON DON Ell NY said, be could pot to
along with the gallant Odic,' HI his hypolbtats, red *tot
be Irate to thorns (roar the conclusion',

Mr. S wotur LEY briefly repheitl, after which the Muse
diridrtl, whets thrre appeared.—
For the Aluthiet
Apivat it . ll3

Msjorily b4

- - - -
Mr. Aldermen W 001) complained of the improvidemc of
the Commissioners of Woods and Forests, in leaving a Otte
quarry in Wales to the brother of tote of the Conmossiourrr
of tibil Board. He concluded by moving, "Thai a Consist. s
be appointed to inquire into the grant of a lease of a dor
quarry by the Comesissiour re of Woods tad Forests to Lord
l'enryn in Ilea. Will to Dawkins ['currant, Esq. in VW,
and to inquire whether the quarry had been worked to tie
Cellist rairnt, aecottliag to the peat tice of minute."
Mr. HIJSKISSON opposed the tto.to n, and defeeltd
conduct of the Conanetssioness Wods and forests.
Ile had already 'two the Report of one surveyor, sed he
would ask the Hea. Aklts man if be nut snivel"
