PRICES OF BRITISH
Rook Stock 2311
3 par Cent Reduced, 86i 7
3 pm Cent. Consols.
3 per Cent.
,per Cent. 101 e
Pow 4 er Cents.
Long Apnnuities, 21i
Imperial 3 per Cents.
Book for Account
Consols for Acct. 87 I

iTOCAb YESTERDAY.
India Stock
India Bonds,
India for Account
South Sea Stock
South Sea Old Annuities
South Sea New Annuities
Ex. Rills, 1,0910. St WU pr.
Ditto, 5001.
Ditto, Small,
Lottery Tickets 191. 194.

PRICES OF FOREIGN
Arian Scrip 44 5 pr.
Ch lisn Bonds 74 1
Ditto for Account 74
colentb. Bonds 894
for Acct.
=itan Bonds 79 A 1
or Account 79.4:
Purim Bonds 91
Ditto for the Account
Ditto Bonds (BM) 891 9 1 1
Vkto for the Account 884
Xuasian Bonds 884
Ditto for Acct. 11/11

iTOCES YESTERDAY.
Spanish 3 per et. Cons. 23j 64
ki f
Ditto tor A ira.si 26 61 4 6
Spanish 8 per Cents. 1823 174
17
' Ditto for the Account
Mexican 31ines 16 13 j r.
Renteslaf. 23c.
flu. Ex. 23f. 80c.
Do. Scrip 44 4 4 pr.
Portng. Light Bonds 87
Dutch Bonds, 44 per Ccnt.
Exchange

MAILS.
Dr!-1 Gottenbumb, 2 Illamburgh, 2 Holland, and 2 Flanders•
Aaateten-3 Iliottenburgil, 2 French.

airtiso.

I% BRITIUS Picas commenced publishing yesterday =en-
ing at five o'clock.

LONDON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1824.

The Message of the American President will not be easily
'digested by the despots of the Continent. Already " it
sticks in their throats." The ultra Etoile, the organ of the
hetolerant faction in France, has a long article on this
decisive document in its columns of Sunday. " Mr. Mon-
" 70e (this Journal says), who is not a tiovereignowho
" has himself told us that he is only the first delegate
" of the people, has taken in his Message the tone
" of a powerful monarch, whose armies and fleets are
" ready to go forth on the first signal. Ile does more
" (this paper adds). he prescribes to the potentates
" of Europe the conduct they are to pursue in certain
" circumstances, if they do not wish to incur his disgrace.
" Such is the prohibition which he issues against their ever
" thinking of any new colonization in the two Americas."
The American President may not have " that divine and
" indefensible right" about him, which the Etoile and its
followers are so fond of glorifying ; but they will find his
arm, when supported by the free country whose first Ma-
gistrate he is; as heavy, when raised to strike, " as the
kin' of a King," and an insuperable bar to the meditated
attempts of France and Russia in the New World. The
vapouring trash of the Etude about " Mr. Monroe being
" the temporary President of a Republic situated on the
" eastern coast of North America," where that great and
ailing country comprises so vast an extent of territory and
resources, and more than ten millions of inhabitants, can-
not blind even the most prejudiced. America pretends
to no dictation in the affairs of the New World; her
language is—Let Spain and Portugal recover their eman-
cipated Colonies if they cm, by their own efforts
and resources ; but we will have no armaments raised
by France, and the hordes of Russia or Austria, on these
shorn.—Europe is now ens:aved—America, through
nor whole extent, is fortunately free. Haw long would
freedom exist there, if the principles and arms of the
Holy Alliance became triumphant? The Etoile may
rave as it pleases, but the declared policy of America is
that of Great Britain too ; and both Powers, with their
Beets and resources, will resist any attempt of the Conti-
none' despots to carry slavery to the shores of the New
World. The menace (as we long since foretold it would),
from either country, has however already produced its
effect; and Spain and its ally France are now, it appears,
willing to compound, at the announced Congress, for a sum
of money, to acknowledge the independence of South
4merica, and, in place of Grotius or Vette!, to ground
their treaty on the sage principles of Cocker's arithmetic.
What a falling off' is there! The whole army of martial
chivalry vanished, and pounds, shillings, and pence ap-
pearing in columns in their place ! South America, how-
ever, will never, we trust, compound for such an acknow-
ledgment by a sacrifice of this sort: she is free at once, de
fret° et de jetre, and why should she pay a heavy price for
what she has already purchased by years of sacrifice and
eabrt ?

The resources of thl.s great country are fast improving ;
and the Continental Powers, who borrow millions from
has capitalists, and yet affect to doubt the powtr of Great
Britain to strike with her former powerful arm in the day
of necessity or danger, will find themselves deeply mistakgn,
abould national security or honour call on England again
to arm for the fight. We are not enabled to lay, this
morning, as we expected, the details of the quarter's
revenue before the public; but we can state, and we do
so with much pleasure, that the accounts are in every way
highly satisfactory. In one branch of the revenue alone,
(the Customs), the increase in the present quarter, over
that of the last year, amounts to nearly 450,0001. The
total prod,ce of the Customs, for the last year, is stated to
be 10,400,0001. ; exceeding the preceding year by more
than a million sterling. The increasing prosperity of the
country, in any way, is always to us a source of untningled
gratulation ;—free from the prejudices of party, we look at
things as they really arc, and feel no pride in the character of

tt augurs accurst, fur ever boding ill."

The political prophets of Paris will find themselves woe-
fully out in their reckoning, if they calculate on a want of
power in this country, to inaintsin her influence and high
reputation, by the full force of arms, whenever it may be
requisite to do so; nor will she stand alone on that day,
whenever it occurs. Great Britain and America will pre-
sent the array of their united force; and will France and
Russia, we ask, hazard such a conflict? Oh, no! To them
the menace alone will be sufficient. Their Cabinets, for
some time, will be perfectly pacific; and we shall hear
no more of Congresses on South America. In the words
of Napoleon—Le Cungree est fiewnis.

The arbitrary powers assumed and exercised by Magis-
trates in this country are becoming every day more oppres-
sive and unbearable; their acts in many instances, form a
record of tyranny, unparalleled in almost any other country
in Europe. We yesterday gave the details of a case of
the most flagrant oppression, exercised towards a respect-
able Gentleman of Staffordshire, Mr. Flint; and we find
reported, in a morning paper of Saturday, another instance
of inquisitorial oppression, by some of the Hertfordshire
Magistrates, which, if true, forms, we have no hesitation
in saying, a case of as gross and as illegal usurpation
off' authority, as we have ever yet known recorded. After
she commission of the late unfortunate homicide at Rabley-
Woe, in that county, and Mr. Connolly and his servant
bad been flung into their separate dungeons; with all the
ignominy of condemned felons, in chins, (and here, by
the way, we should be glad to know what law sanctions
the loading an individual with irons, previous to convic-
tion, for we know of nerve,) two of the Magistrates of
that county, the Rev. Mr. Newcome and Mr. Winter,
