P.4RLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE.
HOUSE Ot COMMONS, FRIDAY, FER. S.
The Speaker entered the House a few minutes before four o'clock,
and 'fleetly Ayr the NOOSE proceeded to business.
Mr. 11001 ES presented the Report of the Commissioners of the
Port of ,Irondel —Ordered to lie on the table.
Sr. STRUTT presented a petition from the inhabitants of SVhit:
ham, in Essex, praying for the abolition of slavery.
Alr. Alderman IVOOO moved for returns of the number of
ba-reds of strong table beer exported from England, Ireland, and
Wales, from Jule 11124 to July 11375. distinguishing the number of
barrels brewed within the limits of the chief office of Exeiee: also
fur a return of the number of persons licensed to brew beer under
be 4th Geo. IV, c. 46, anti under the 11th Gat. IV, c. 54, and the
number of barrels so brewed from January 11124 to January 111211.
The Honourable Member also moved for an account of the number
of acres of ground under the cultivation of hops in the year 11125,
and the amount of ditty paid on hops for the same year. Also for
hops .charged_
an account of the number of bushels of withduty
in the year 11125. distinguishing the quantity used by brewers and
licensed victuallers.—Orilered.
General I.IASCOVNE presented a petition in favour of the
Liverpool Improvement Bill.
the appointment of the Standing Committees of the House of
Commons for the Session,
Mr. BROODEN rose. He said that his situation of Chairman
of Committees of the House was. he was well convinced, not due
to him from his merits, or conferred upon him in homage to his
talents; he had, however, at all times endeavoured todischarge the
duties of that situation with the strictest fidelity. He hail to
apologise for rising at that moment, but he eat anxious. Iron re.
polls which had gone abroad, to set himself sigh with the House
as early as possible. The public papers had animadverted very
harshly, and with notch unfairness, upon his connexion with the
Athena Coal Mining Company ; he hopes (whatever might have
been his deficiencies in the discharge of his official duties) that the
kindness which lie had so often experienced at the hands of the
Douse would not be withdrawn from him. in consequence of his
connexion with that Company. He would, he was confident,
satisfy the Hoose of the purity of his COOdOrt, however he.might
be 'nixed up with guilty transactions. Ile regretted that the last
observation had fallen from him; the transactions of that affair
were at present under investigation, and he would be sorry to pre.
judge their decision. Ile suffered the animadversions which ap-
peared in the newspapers to pass unnoticed, though it was a com-
mon observation that a man would net u!low an imputation inju.
rims to his character to pass disregarded. unless he was conscious
that blame could be attached to hint. Ile was contented with a
consciousness of his own rectitude, and was nut to be alarmed by
aaiinadversions, however severe, which were not founded on facts.
" 31endax infertile tenet,
Quem nisi mendosum."
1411 character and conduct in that transaction rested on a better
foundation than public rumour. A meeting of one hundred and
fi'ty gentlemen of the highest character, among whom were
several merchants of the first eminence in the city, and who were
concerned in the affairs of that Company. as well as .Ir. Ricardo.
the brother of the late highly-distinguished Member of that name,
exculpated him and Mr. Bent from all implication in the transac-
t•on to which he had already alluded, and which was under in.
vestigation. lie had received a letter from those gentlemen to ex.
press their opinion that he was free from the slightest imputation of
improper conduct ; he had not brought that letter with him, or
with the permission of the Gouge he would have read it ; in that
letter Mr. Bent and himself were exculpated from any improper
conduct; they were, in fact, thanked for their conduct in the
Directcrship, and requested still to hold the situation of Di-
rectors. He had unfortunately received money from the Corn.
pany, but when that was transmitted to hint, he thought
and was fully penuttled that it arose out of the sale of the
s'istrea which entitled him to act as a Director. He wished to
have his couduct investigated ; he courted publicitct and it it was
posodble, consistently with the regulations of the House, to have a
pets ate Committee, of the house to inquire into his conduct. he
ais fore that the result of such an intcstigation would be honour-
able to his character.

PRIVATE BILLS.
It was then ordered that no petitions tOT Prints Bills should be
Received after Friday' February 17; that DO Bill should be re.
Calved after the 34 of Match ; and no report en a Bill after the 3d
Of 'lay.
SINECURES, OFFICF.S HELD BY DEPUTY, &e.
31r. HU3IE gave notice of a motion fur a Select Committee to
inquire into the sinecures and offices now held by deputy.
Also for a return of the number of officers belonging to two
troops of the Oxford Blues who were placed upon half-pays and
*stilt received full pee : and the number of officers who had
"died since that reduction, and how their VADDICieII bad been filled
ep. InViaking this motion, the lion. Gent. said he regretted that
. the Secretary of War was not In his place, as he could perhaps in-
form the House what claims (from services re tiered to the country)
those gentlemen had to receive full pay. Fur his part he was at a
loss to conceive wltarthose gentlemen had date to entitle them to
such indulgence.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that he
del not object to the motion of the Hon. Gentleman, nor to his
being unacquainted with the matters to which his motion referred,
but be put it to the Hon. Member whether he would press his mo-
tion in the absence of the Noble Lord (Palmerston). The correct
mode would be for him to give notice of his motion, and he
thought it was not candid to bring forward a charge of so grave
nature without giving the responsible person an opportunity of
explaining. Ile saw no necessity for pressing the motion at pre-
sent, as he was sure the official Members of the House would
receive abundance of reprehension from the lion. Member in the
course of the Session. For hie own part he ILO nbstained from
rising any Information on matters connected with the taxes, be-
cause he wished to riven full and satisfactory statement on the sub-
ject at one time, and was determined not to advert to then in a
partial manner. He thought he would have ample opportunity for
that in the course of the month. It was his intention to submit to
the House, on the 24th of this month, a full statement relative to
• those matters, which he trusted would give satisfaction. He hoped
the lion. Member would consent to ere notice of his motion for
. Tuesday next.
Mr. RUNE said that he could not be answerable for the non.
attetakinee of Members in their places. Ile had, in 11122,determined
to briht: forward thepresent motion, but it had escaped his memory
in the varied and multiplied business in which he was then engaged.
lie could no longer postpone it, hut rather than appear to take the
r,entlenien by surprise, he would give notice of his motion for
uesday next. He certainly did conclude, Iron: the silence of the
Eight Honourable (ientleman' that he had no disposition to reduce
the taxes• and he felt he had aright to refer to that subject, because
he and other Members of the House had given their support to the
Eight HonourableGentleman's motion for a sinking fund, under an
idea that taxation would be reduced. lie hoped the absence of the
Secretary fur Foreign Affairs would not be made an argument
aeattro his adverting to the difference of taxation between the year
and those that-followed. From the year 11116 to the year 1323
there had been an increase of taxation. To say that there was a
reduction of taxation was to make a statement contrary to fact.
There had been no reduction since the year 11117: the average
amount of taxation previous to that year wa553,307,000/., while the
average amount, from the year 1816 to the year latti inclusive, was
0001. being an increase of mare than a million. The
eely way to come to a real and perfect knowledge of the matter was
to have an abstract from the accounts. This was the only method
to come to a clear understanding of the subject. If tile statement
he had made was correct, it would spree, by a comparison with
elLetal returns ; but if it was denied, it would not be the firettime
that a Minister had denied what was stated in the public records of
the country. The Honourable Member then argued to show that
there had been an increase of taxation Instead of a diminution, and
concluded' by moving for " Returns of the Amount of Revenue
paid (exclusive of drawbacks, and deducting all repayment ofloans
to Austria) in the year' 1322, 1323, and 1624."
CHANCELIAG4 of the EXCHEQUER said he would
weittire to assure tfte Honourable Member that, when this subject
came before the House he would disprove all the reasonings of the
Ilona Gentleman, if he fould not his facts (hear. hear), and per-
haps the lionourable Member would find himself at a 100 when he
came to examine the documents referred to.
Mr. HOME said that if the papers laid on etc table were m-
ime. the Right Honourable Gentleman would not be able to perform
weaehe io confidently promised. When those papers were produced
the House could judge for itself. He should also like to have an
account of the average value of bullion; which would throw addi-
tional light on the subject.
CHANCERY INQUIRY.
Mr. JOAN WILLIAMS, seeing the Right Ilon. Gentleman
opposite In his place, begged to ask whether any report was to be
exposed during this Session from the Commission of Inquiry into
the Court of Chancery, and, if so. in what state of progress it
was, and when the probability was that it would be laid on
the table ?
Mr. Secretary PEEL stated that it was nod his intention to op-
pose the slightest obstacle to the object of the Hon. and Learned
Gentleman's question. In the course of the last Session he stated that
the report in question would be presented at an early period ; it was
however deemed to be a snore satisfactory course of proceeding to
drily the report until the evidence on the subject mull accompany
It. Great progress had been made in this respect. and he there-
fore might undertake to say that the report would be laid on the
table in a very short period.
Mr. J. WILMA 31i was perfectly satisfied with the Right lion.
Gentleman's answer.
NURSE-STEALING AND SHEEP-STEALING.
Mr. LOCKHART morel that an Address be presented to his
iletetty for a return of the number of persons convicted of stealing
horses in the years 1024, and 1325, distinguishing thole who
were left for execution, those who were reprieved, and in what
manner the reprieved were disposed of.—Ordued.
A similar application was made in respect to those convicted of
• sheep.atealing during the sam- period.—Ordered.
A 310ITNT OF BANK-NOTES.
Mr. E. ELLICE stated that as a Right Hon. Gentleman on the
apposite side of the House had given notice of a motion respecting
the currency, lie gave notice that he would move for the amount of
bank-notes in circulation on the Ist and 15th of every month for the
list six meths.
CONDUCT OF A lIIAGISTRATE.
Mr. DEN 3IA N said that as the proceedings in the last Seesinn
of Parliament respecting the conduct of a Magistrate (31r. Ken-
de:l:i in a neighbouring coiory haul been suspended, he felt hint-
&it bound to proceed with the business immediately. Ile there-
fore moved that the witnesses who remained for examination in this
matter be examined on Friday at the bar of the House.--Agreed to.
SLAVES IN JA3I.IICA.
51, ItENIIAN gave notife that lie would on Twesday„ the 21st
Et g le•fute the consideration of the House the proceedings which
