andbeauty, and harmony—in a word to he the sine gun'
non of religious-reformation, would multiply but little the
number of " holy brethren, and would bring but few ad-
ditional inmates to the househohl of faith." When we
look at 1 ro—when we look even into our enlightened
, Courts and Parliaments," the state of things is not
consolatory. That says our popular preacher, Mr. Irving,
whose congregations can scarce find standing-room? " In
this Christian Country," he assures us, " there are per-
haps, sine tenths of every class who know nothing at
all about the applications and advantages of the single
truths of revelation, or of revelation taken as a whole!"
And this, after centuries have chaired, ib our spirlhosi
dith,n! this is ntir "lone-els is shrine things," with a
Church by law established, and as well paid and well dis-
ciplined as any state religion need wish or require! With
what better KIICaIiN we may propound the orthodox articles
of our creed to the conscience of the colonial negro, is
matter of experiment ; but, in the meantime, what becomes
of the affair of emancipation during the long period that it
will most probably take to make them "rehearse the arts-
des of their belief?" The colonies will, we fear, be car-
ried away from us by insurrection before a tenth part of '
their sable population are baptized into the true faith.
Before our Church governors will have settled the differ-
ewe between the conscience of the negro and his creed,
the sugar-market will have dosed upon us—the work of
destruction will, in aii likelihood, have done its worst—
and the great body of our Wott India merchants will be
Irretrievably ruined. Even should the ncgroes, after a
lapse of five or six centuries, become true Protestants, this
most desirable termination, though it may satisfy the Pre-
lacy, and may compensate the labours of Mr. 'Wilberforce,
opens no very profitable prospect to the planters.
But there is so much of evil in slavery after all, that we
would counsel the colonial merchants to weigh well, and
with all the wisdom that belongs to than, whether the
right of the human race to freedom may not be recognised
even by themselves, consistently not only with the security
but with the advancement of their own property, and the
profit of their estates. We would ask—and we ask it in
the spirit of impth y, awl fur information—to what danger
would they be exposed, were their slaves emancipated, to
which they arc not exposed at present, in an equal if not
in a much greater degree? There is nothing. we should
think, in the act of their emancipation to produce hostility,
hut quite the reverse. Their physical mt.( ngth, their
power of insurrection, individually or collectively, is not
nor cannot be increased by it. But our immediate subject
is the Colonial Circular; and on this we shall take the
carliisit opportunity of resuming our observations.

That enlightened body, the Quarter Amenably of Dub-
lin—the gang among whom Gifford figured, and by whom
that furious bigot is now canonised—met in full conclave
at their hall, on Friday, and after taking " refreshment,"
as the report modestly expresses it ; that is, after gorging
and drinking whiskey and water until the Dublin Dtpu-
ties were two-thirds drunk, a Mr. King rose (the report
does not say he was aufficiently sober to stand) and then
hiccupped out in bad Irish, and worse English, somethiug
about " the Imperial Parliament being about to meet, and
" he therefore would move for the appointment of a Corn-
" mittee, for the purpose of pretesting a petition to the
" House, against granting any further ameessions to the
" Roman Catholics." (hie Whi!until secouded the ora-
tor's motion, and it was agreed to by the crew of Orange-
men unanimously. The Quarter Assembly may just as
well keep back their petition; it will go to sleep quietly
under the table of the house bere.sifter Woad Barry (now
Lord Fatnhana), Sir Thomas Lethbridge, or Mr. Browns
low, have mouthed some heavy mutt about it. These are
now the parliamentary orators, par excellence, of the
Orange party, who take their instructions from Sir Abra-
ham King and the pious Sir Harcourt Lees. Sustained by
such protection, t!.e. Orange hands, we find, are again mus-
tering strongly in the north. The Derry Journal states,
" That within the last few days a number of respectable
" individuals, preparatory to their being admitted mem-
" byre of the Orange body, appeared at the Mayor's office,
" and voluntarily took the oaths of allegiance, supremacy,
" and abjuration." The Ilerry Paper significantly adds,
" This city is greatly infested with thieves, rid:pockets, and
shoplyllers.” Are these the respectable parties who appeared
to qualify themselves for the immaculate Orange Lodges,
sad who try to estabish their mural purity by loyal oaths?
It appears plain, however, that the statute against secret
secienes has done nothing to secure their suppression. The
only difreience is, that the Orangemen affect to take certain
oaths in public, but their signs and pass-words are all se-
cret. Secresy was always the guard of their association.
The eighth of the secret articles of the Orangemen in
Isola was, " Au I bangtnian is to keep a brother's secrets as
" his own, unless ill cases of murder, treason, and per-
" jury." The constitution of theme Associations is still
the mane. 'the members of this bigoted and sanguinary
hotly, though they go through the mockery of certain
oaths of allegiance and euremacy before a Magistrate,
hive still their dangerous secret obligations among
theinselst.s. The oath Of the Orangeman is to the follow-
ing clr, et :—" Ile swears in the present' of Almighty God,
" that he will always 0 rem! and never will reveal, either
" part or parts of what is now privately communicated to
" him, units.: to a Brother-Orangeman, knowing 1 • to
" be so by strict trial and due examination, from the word of
" a Brother-Orangeman, or until he shall be authorised
" to do so by the proper authority of the Orange
" institut• ; that be will not write it, cut, cause, stain,
" stamp, or magnets it, or cause it to be dune, lest any
" part thereof might be known." The initiated further
swore, " That he would lie true Mt faithful tgevvey Dm-
" ther Orangeman. and would not wrong, Jr mutter him to
w god, without giving due notice thereof." Here was
Iu prepared oath of the intro 'audits! secrecy ; an association
often iu arms, Isrund together by mysterious obligations of
this lcarld import. Their tie of allegiance was always
: they " swore to support the laws and con-
" stituthot of the Ihaired Kingdoms of Great Britain and
Inland, and the succession to the Throne in his Majes-
" '5 illustrious I loase, i I'i, sabot." The spirit,
the object, and the forms of the Orange Societies are yet
tineha•iguil : that is, all their secret obligations remain the
same : their appearaEce its public Wore the Magistrate is
only a thin aliseuise to veil their nal put poses ; the former
oaths and the firmer pass-wools still prevail in private.
The Purticuran (a deeper, deadlier, shade of Orange) still,
as hefore. " solemnly and voluntarily swears that he will
" keep the signs. werds, and tarns el a Purple:lran
'• front an Orangeman, as well as from the ignorant,
" unless authorised to con 1111 l mieate them by the proper
" authorities of the Orautrc Institution." This dangcnnia
Issociatii n is now springing up anew—bearding the go-
vernment, the terror of the twaevable and wellasposied,
and the lone' and curse of Ireland. It was early anathe-
matize,' by those who knew it best—by the ablest anthnost
virtuous torn Ireland ever saw. Mr. I:rattan, in the year
1796, Olt a debate in the Irish House of t!ommons, described
the system '• as a pees cution conceived in the bitterness of

" bigotry, carried oh with the most ferocious barbarity, I
" a banditti, who, being of the rtiigion of the State, had
" committed with the greater audacity and confidence the
" most horrid murders, and had proceeded from robbery
" and massacre to extermination. Those insurgents," the
great patriot added, "call themselves Orangemen, or Pro-
" tesrant Boys; that is, a banditti of murderers commit-
" ting massacre in the name of God, and exercising despotic
" power in the name of liberty." This was a vivid but not
an overcharged picture of this boll) aml their atrocities.
What they were then, they still continue in spirit and pur-
pose sow. There can be no peace in Ireland while they
are suffered to flaunt their banners and processions in noon-
dry, and then adjourn to midnight to hold their drunken
and infuriated omits, amid the thirst of bigotry, and the
mysterious seclusion of secrecy and covert oaths. If the
Marquis Wellesley wishes his government to be respected
and endure, he must crush with a determined tread this
broml of aerpents. They have again raised their crested
Iheads in public, and are brandishing their forked tongues :
the peaceable and well-disposed fly from their path. The
Beefsteak Club is the haunt of Lon! Manners, of I )'Neil,
and the higher Orangemen ; the lower en w assemble in the
selected pot-house. When the Insurrection Bill," that new
bloody code," as the Attorney-General called it, was de-
! bated in the House of Commons, henry (:rattan expressed
himself as follows:—" It had bet n said by the mover of
I" the Itesolutions, that of the defenders multitude% had been
" hanged—multitudes had been put to death in the field—
" and, though suppressed, they were not extinguished ; but,
" with regard to the outrages of the Orange Boys, he would
" make no such boast.. On the contrary, Mey had met
I" with impunityi ten& luccesx, and triumph; they had
" triumphed over the tar ; they had triumphed over the
" Magistrates ; and they had triumphed over the people;
" their persecution, rebellion, inquisition, murder, rob-

bevy, devastation, and extermination, bail been entirely

" victorious." Lord ire'kale), will not, we arc sure,
suffer this dreadful picture to be given of his government :
while troops of gcnstrounerie beleaguer the whole south of
Ireland, and wretches arc dragged in platoons before a
bench of magistrates, under the Curfew Act, merely for
1,, ing absent from their cabins after sun-set, he will not
suffi the sanguinary Orangemen to riot uncontrolled.
Their toasts at the Beefsteak Club are deep awl personal
insults to himself. These, with Christian charity be mu!,
forgive; but to extend the same feeling to the ruffian bands
who patrol in high day with loaded arms, determined on
murder, would be a weakness no statesman could be guilty
of, and an eternal stain on the government that suffered it.
If the Act of the last Sessicn against these societies is to
remain a dead letter, then let the Orange bands triumph,
and new murders affright the car. The whole question
will be brought before Parliament in the next Session.

A failure of some extent is announced in the letters of
Saturday from Yarn to have taken place in that market, in
consequence of extensive speculations for a fall in the
French funds, and also in most of the foreign aecurities
current there. The name of the Individual who has failed
is, we understand, M. Carvalho ; and as he is known to
conduct the operations for a number of persons in London,
it is supposed the losses sustained will be sensibly telt on
this side of the l'hannel.

A loan of Roo,ooBl stock has been contracted for the
service of the Greeks by houses in Paris and London, and
Messrs. 11. Ilendrik. and Co. are appointed agents. Thy
Prospectus, it is expected, will be issued in the course of
this day.
We understand that a loan for Mexico to the amount of
3,000,0001. in stock, bemiring interest at five per cent., will
be brought into the market in a few days. The contractors
114mthired arc the house of a.. 13. A. Goldsohmidt and Co., but
the price at ' -Ofestock win •bo issued to the sob-
reribors is Dot . . "
Extract froth the Agent It Constantinople, dated Decem-
ber 10 :—" On tin Bth instant, the Camtsn Poch*, with
part of the fleet, arrived from the Dardanelles, accompa-
nied by the Thalia, Paglar, which had been prevented
from coming up for about two months. The vessel which
went through the Bosphorus without stopping here for a
firman, is the Bowes, Collin. She is now loading at
thictsa." _ _ _

Letters from Constantinople of the 13th ult. give a very
favourable picture of the prospects of the Gnieks, as
founded upon the disunion of the 'rurka respecting the
mode of operation against them. A rupture had taken
place at the date of these accounts between the Swedish
Charge d'AfFaires and the Turkish Ministry, in conse-
quence of claims made by him for the restitution of scow
Swedish ships seized by the order of the Porte in the Bat-
plume. The Swedish Charge d'Affaires had quitted Con-
stantinople for Stockholm in disgust, and threatecing re-
taliation in the name of his Sovereign. Lord strangford
had been in high favour, but it was im t!ui decline.
Letters front Buenos Ayres of the sth November, re-
ceived by way of Rio de .11111610, state that Sir T. Hardy,
during his late visit to the former port, has completily
removed the ill-win which had arisen, in comequence of
the dispute with Captain Wilke, of his Majesty's duip
Brazen. When Sir 'Hennas Hardy arrived in the River
Plate, the Covermaent of Buenos Ayres, through a petiole
deputed for that purpose, solicited some cull: esion of co-
Mon on his part, with regard to the correspondence which
had taken place on that occasion • but he replied, that as
the affair had by both parties been mitt red to the British I
Government, he saw no necessity for his interference. On I
'questioning the :messenger what sort of reception lie him-1
self might ex If he pith! a visit to Buenos Ayres, Sir
'Thome; Ilar4 mos infomed. dm the Members of the
Government werognost anxious for that honour, and that
he might depend on every act of courtesy and attention
which it was in their power to offer him. Sir T. Hardy
shortly afterwards.paid his visit to the city, where the ex- I
p ctstions thus ladd out to him were fully rialized.
War Nen beau.--A private letter flame Paris,'
dated JAI. 16, milyee-" Jt is remarked that old Louis has
been particular) pee lately.; that is to say. as active
as his infirmiti 'will allow him to be. He generally
I rises at eight o'illlest, below nine, all the Free&
newspapers arc placed Wure him, with a good bottle of,
wine also, of whit* hepastgkess tingly. He reads the lead-
hug articles of ever pa ter, and uor this labour ; fur it is
Weed a Maui , boo I believe, even
in England, with mule of your papers, until brt'akfaat tissue,
and when tat 'is over the English newspapos arc brought
to his Majesty. The entire resuairder of his day is taken
' up in audiences, Cabinet Councils, intrigues witb Foreign
Ministers, and now and then an airing. A t 10 o'clock he
tires to bed. Comiderlng his local afflictions. which are the
result of early profligacy, if we may believe what everybody
says, and the indulgence of his belly, 'de really enjoys some-
thing like health ; fur though in his appearauce he is all that
is gross and displeasing, he is rarely in beside pain. His chief
illness is rather a personal blessing. He drops into a
lethargic stupor, from which nothing can for a time atenat
him, and is insensible to Wilily pain."
' The police of Paris have recently interfered to prevent
the amnia' of the town from walking in the Palais
SCOTCH Cr Irous.---Observitig, from the otticial state-
ments lately published, that a very considerable increase
of revenue in the department of customs has token place
during the last year, we were hi! to inquire, whither the
receipt of customs in Scotland had been in proportion to
the increase ie. EllglUnd, and as the informadou we have
obtained cannot but Prove highly sitisfactory to cur mend-
ers, more especially as it appears that tie increase in the
receipt has arisen principally on articles. the consumption
' of which is a sure indication of increasing prosperity, :and
of improvement in the internal state of the country, souse
Iparticulars are here given :
he sum remitted lain year to Londoi esreeded that
of the recant; rear - .C 170.000
The exezis of ilutks at I ireenock was about - - 0.:0.000
Peet-6Luvor 31.000
Leith 23.0001
And at almost every Other port, particularly at Glasgow,'
Grangemouth, Aberdeen, Dundee. lied Montrose, there I
was a Cothildettlbie Merct
