reading of the Bill, neither did be think he altoold object to
the measure on any other atone. but at that moment he could not
give his consent In the proposal for suspending the Standing
Orden.

TO BE SOLD,
ny Order of the lionnerrable the Commissioners of his -
„RIP Mgfrety's Excise Revenue, in a specious Room, at thiChief THE NEXT PRESENTATION TO A LIVING IN THE
ffice, 01
O 1 Broad-street, on WEDNESDAY, the 30th June; WEST OF ENGLAND.
'THURSDAY, the Ist, FRIDAY, the 241, and MONDAY, the
.NT R. PHILLIPS has the honour to OFFER, by
• 4th July, 11124, .1 PRIVATE TREATY, the NEXT PRESENTA-
A QUANTITY of LEAF, FOREIGN, and BRITISH TION to a valuable RECTORY in the West of England. The
MANUFACTURED TOBACCO. SEGARS, CHEROOTS. present Incumbent about 70 years of age.
FOREIGN and BRITISH SNUFF; also HOGSHEADS and Particulars will be communicated to Principals only, by refer-
BALE% of OVER-TI3IE LEAF TOBACCO, now laying in ante to Mr. Phillips, 73, Bond-street.
the Tobacco Warehouse, London Darts, which are to be sold to •
satisfy the Duties and Charges.
The solid Goods to be viewed at the Tobacco Warehouse, London
Docks, and at the Chief Office, Old Rmed-street, six days pm-
vious to the Day of gale, from 10 till 2 o'clock, where Catalogues
-rosy be had at lid. ouch.

PRIVATE CONTRACTS.

EAST INDIA HOUSE, Jane 18, I0!4.
Irrl HE Court of eirectors of the United Company of
A. Merchants of Engiand trading to the East ladies do heretiy
girt Notice,
That the Committee of Buying and Warehouses, will be ready to
in writing (,sealed up), on or before WEDNES-
DAY,c t=linstant, from witch Persons an may be wißieg to
supply the Company with a quantity of BRITISH IRON, re-
ittited far delivery at an arty date ; and the conditions of the
Contract usay be seen on application to the Clerk of the said COW.
suttee, whirwhom the Primula& mut Mt loft before Eleven o'Clork
of the amid 30th instant, duo which hour the Committee will not
moire any tender.

JOSEPH DART, Secretary.

To Sail in all Juac.
Vag CALCUTTA Direct, the fine fat-sailing tea-
l: bußt Big AllikOD. net fiktbret yerosald.
.SPlRkk.Caniersoilisai berthwaslill Mali' lylwg la the London
and Ws Min t light goals only.
For Prlight apply to Band, Farquhar, Crawford, and Co.,
71, Oiri Brasuftt ; or
BUCKLES, BAGSTER, and BUCHANAN,
MI, Mark-lane.

A NOBLE MANSION, ;VANISHED.
'ln- PHILLIPS respectfully informs the Nobility
and Oentry, that be is authorised to LET a capacious
and convenient MANSION and OFFICES,

completely and elegantly furnished, and competent to the accom-
modation of a.large family and domestic suite. •
The possession thereof may be had the 25th September newt, and
tickets for viewing had at 73, ltond-street.

A FAMILY MANSION AND OFFICES,
BY A PARK-LIKE LAWN, IN 8031ERSETtina..—
MR. PHILLIPS respectfully notifies, that be jumbo.
rimed to LET or SELL, an eleirant sod wel‘rusieried
MANSION, with its mew
Dardens, sad Pleasure essidsall
stately timber, and refreshed by a sheet r
varied and extensive peespos at the rich
which it is surrounded, Toa holly et.--
and Estate will be found comyeseet is t
mimic accommodation and=nam, as
embracing nearly Two H A
1404 in the hrit arsils
W. !0 elegises wait !al

ENVUItcW.D,
SETSHIAS.

40NDON and WESTMINSTER OIL GAS COM-
PANY.
At a GENERAL MEETING of PROPRIETORS in the
shove COMPANY. convened by public Advertisement, and held
this day at the Gray's Inn Coffee-house,
SIMON 11143ILLIVRAY, Esq. in the Chair,
The report of the Committee having been read,
It wasßesolved,
1. That the Report of the Committee appointed on the 11th day
of Much Ism, to conduct the proceedings in Parliament for the In-
corporation of this Company, be received and approved.
I. That the plan s4gested by the Committee fur carry ing on the
Company under a deedof settlement, until an Act of Incorpotation
can be obtained from Parliament be adopted.
3. That the following Gentlemen be Directors of the Company :
Thomas Blake, Eq. S. M‘Gillivray, Esq.
F. H. Brandram, Esq. E. W. 3lacklen, Esq.
Jems Barton, Esq. Joseph Martineau, Esq.
M. T. Colobsooke, Faq. Thomas Meux, Esq.
John Fraser, jun. Esq. Daniel Moore, Esq.
Charles Gen, Esq. Thomas Murdoch, Esq.
Hart Logan, Esq. Money Wigram, Esq.
William Kay, Esq. S. F. 'r. Wilde, Esq.
4. That the following Gentlemen be the Trustees of the Corn-
• ,11. T. Colcbrooke, Esq. j Thomas Mena, Esq.
8. NPOillimay, Esq. I Dada Moore, Eq.
Janis Burton, km.
6. That the following Gentlemen be the Aoditors of the Corn-
:y
Means 8. Benson, Esq. I William Prater, Esq.
G..ge Brown, Esq.
6. That a Deed of t-etdement 'sounded upon the basis
by the Committee, be forthwith prepared ender die superintendence
of the Directors, with such additional regulations and previews, as
the Ditettors may think fit.
7. That as soon as such Deed be prepared, the same be sub.
pitted for approval, or amendment, to a General Meeting of
the Proprieten, te be called by the Directors for that purpose, and
that it be sired by iamb Proprietor within a time to be limited
by the Directors.
11. Thal such mama as shah refuse or neglect to sign the Deed
within the dine appointed, shall be considered as having abandoned
their shares.
11. That these Reeolvtions he published in the Morning
Pep" and printed and circulated under the direction of the
phectses.
June 17. 1891. S. 314GILLIVRAY, Chairman.
The Chairman having left the Chair,
It was Resolved, That the thanks of this Meeting be gimp to
Skala WOilirmay, Esq. for his great attention to the Isterests '
of the Company, from the time of Its formation, as Chairman of
tbeNtmittee, and for his able and impartial conduct in the Chair
this .
is hereby given, That in pursuance of the 7th Resolution
fß*oakum Meeting, a GENERAL MEETING of the PRO.
lETOBB will be held at the Gray's Inn Coffee-home, on
SUBSDILY, the Ist July neat, at Eleven for Twelve o'clock,
fbe the pdrpose of taking into email:ration the Draft of the pro-
posed Deed of Settlement.
By Order of the Directors.
CHARLES MALTON, Secretary Pro-Mm.

CHEAP CARPET WAREHOUSE,
No. 164, Piccadilly (two Doors West ftrom St. James's-street).
INE Proprietors having made some new arrangements
at their Manufactory, are now rumbled to supply the Nobility
Public with any Quantity of the best BRUSSELS CAR-
PETING% from Is. 94. to Ss. 3d.; a quantiq of Short Lengths
end Single Pieces, at Is. 3d, and Is. 6d.; Kidderminster ditto,
From 2s. 61. to Is. 34. ; British ditto, from 3s. to Is. ; Venetian
Stata_ditto, from ls. 61. to 3s. 6d.; Druggets, in all colours, from
2s. 6d. to Is. &1.. best seasoned Floor Cloth, from 2s. 6d. to ls.3d.
Patterns of Brussels sent to any part of Town or Country.

More ab,
cod-west.

and deariiptiie parlietilus

FREEHOLD ESTATE, WILTS.
R. PHILLIPS respectfully announces that he is
authorised to Sell by PRIVATE CONTRACT, as
exceedingly desirable and co npact
FREEHOLD ESTATE
called LEIGH FARM, situate in the beautiful village of EAST
KNOYLE, consisting of a substantial lann-house, with every
convenient Out-building, and about
150 ACRES .

of rich Arable, Meadow, andkastu;;land, occupied by a most un-
exceptionable tenant, at a titodenate Rent.
The Buildings are in perfect repair, and the Land in a high
state of cultivation. Knoyle iti near several good market towns, and
within 25 miles from Bath, and about lOU from London.
The Tenant will chew the Estate ; and further particulars, with
the lowest price, may be obtained on application to Mr. H. Phil-
lips, TS, New Bond-street; Mr. M . Upjohn, land-surveyor,
Camn Cottage ; and at the Offices of Messrs. Bowles and Chitty,
Shaftesbury. All letters to be post-paid.

A VALUABLE FREEHOLD PROPERTY AND
3IANORS, ELIGIBLE AS AN INVESTMENT A.ZiD
RESIDENCE.
IZPHILLIPSea that he
has fot E,. by PRIVATE.a desirable
FREEHOLD ANYD TITHE-FREE ESTATE,
situate in a most beautiful and picturesque part of the County of
Bucks, and within 38 miles of London, possessing an elegant
MODERN VILLA and the MANOR-HOUSE'
meltposaeaany every requisite for the Residence of a Owidaniset ;
happily sated on the South-east Boundary of the Demean, sari-
roiled by luxuriant hanging Woods, and refreshed by a fine reach
of the Thames. The Farms are in high culture, and occupied by
a responsible tenantry, anbtacing about
TWO THOUSAND ACRES
of rich Arable, Meadow, Pasture, and Wood Land, and producing
nearly FOUR THOUSAND POUNDS
per annum, including the yearly fall of Beechwood.
This Estate is within a ring fence, partly belted by a dwiving
Plantation, surrounded by excellent roads, in a highly respectable
Vicinage, contiguous to several Market Towns ; an amplitude of
game on the several Manors, and field sports may be indulged to
any extent.
The whole Estate, with its appendages, the Furniture, Live and
Dead Stock, may be treated for, and permission to view it obtained
by applying to Mr. Phillips, 73, Hoed-meet

TWICKENUAkI.
TO BE LET, for Seven or Eight Weeks,
AA Good FAMILY HOUSE, with Coach-house, Stable,
and large Garden—Letters to be addressed to F. G., Post-
office, Twickenham, Middlesex.
Ten Milesfrom Landon.
_ _ .

i'ARLIAMENIMRY INTELMUENCE.

HOUSE OF LOADS, rungs, Jotrie IS.
COLONIAL SLAVERY.
The Martinis of HUNTLY presented a petition hem the
Royal Burghs of Sortland, praying for the gradual abolition of sla-
very.—Laid on thetable.
BANKRUPT LAWS AMENDMENT BILL.
The LORD CHANCELI4/11 quitted the woolsack and ob-
served, thief the Dill, the third reading of which he should then
move, was 'me of extreme importance, but he humbly recom-
mended their Lordships to give it their sanction. The measure
had been ander consideration for three years, and the Bill which
he sow held la his hand,
bed Item prepared with great care and at-
tention. He had himself the best consideration in his power
to it; the Judges pf the been consulted with regard to It,
and with all humility, be tie their Lordships that he thougid
iza
it advkable that it !bedtimes' keto a lea. But it was not •ma
that_ought in his amnion ittaniediatet, to take effect, and therefore
geshimove that'the operation of dshould commence on the Ist
leg. Ther wattusein the Bill which he would them
dad wideli.he must meat with the approbation of
t*ip
t he to that' isbich empowered the Lord
rMe gnat a bob pt his certificate on the ii.
_ _ MOW Stet v.. centime: had been coned, even thompApp
samba and amount did not sign it..—TIM
-. vie that read; third time.
TALIFICATIONS.
Rem ha Majesty's Ramon OM
• and city of Waterfted.
ought be be freed open- the
- - let silehlei m
....served. that this petition
...ow Waisted to him, in which the
found a Motion upon the document he
; but, under all the eireemstantis of the case, and
at ... late period of the Session, he must decline punning the
comae that had been pointed out to him, because he felt that it
would be productive of no advantage to tho petitioners themselves ;
and all he could now do was to present their petition, at the *Moe
time expressing a sincere hope that the prayer of it would occupy
their Lordships' attention on a future =Won.
NEW CHURCHES.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY brought up the fourth
report of the commisaionen for building new churches. The Right
Rev. Prelate stated that since the last report bad been presented,
eleven churches had been built which accommodated 1400 per-
sons, ant: in which there were 9,000 free seats. He moved that the
report be printed.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH asked what necessity there was for
another grant of MAW since ninety-eight chinches bed been
built.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY replied that he bad net,
neither did the repeal, suggest the grant..
The motion was then o. agreed t
EQUITABLE LOAN BILL.
The Earl of DARNLEY presented a petition front the notelr
makers of Leaden and Westminster, in favour of the Equitable
Is= Bill.
Earl GROSVENOR presented a similar petition from the tin-
rain of the metropolis ; both of which were bud on the table.
1 HOLYHEAD ROAD.
The Earl of LIMERICK moved that the report of the Commit-
tee on the Holyhead Raid Bill he pirbued.-Xisdered.
MESSAGE FROM THE CO3IMONS.
I Mr. Brogden and others from the Commons brought up the
Superannuation Allowances, the Ecelesiastied Benefices, and se-
veral private Bills, which were read sfirst time.
Mr. Alden's= Wood and other Members of the House of Com-
moos appeased at their Lordships' Mir' to ask for a conference be-
tween that House'and their Lordships, relative to the Vagrant
Acre.
The LORD CHANCELLOR informed the Gentlemen of the
House of Commons, that a deputation, of their Lairdships should
forthwith meet a deputation of Membd's of the other House of Par-
liament in the Painted Chemins.
EARL MARSHAL OP ENGLAND.
The Commoner having withdrawo,
Lord HOLLAND observed that he left for the purpose of in-
troducing a Bill lo enable the Earl Marshal and his Deputy to
exercise the functieaa of their high Mice, without being compelled
to take the oaths that at present was compulsory upon them, be-
fore they could enter spondee perform/thee of their duty. He was
aware that at this stage, when Noble Lords were =lung forwent
with some anxiety to be relieved from their attendence in that
flosse, it required some apology and eipleatafion the ditroeucenrionl
upm their Loedships' attention. It woad he is the
of the House, that about theeeireshe*:6ll4l,o If 114
(the Mamma of Laeadems) pais* i ifiesiare
that had three objects in view 1 dm jest wen; te- Cathie/ice
eligible to act as Magistratest the seemed was, to do away with the
necessity of oaths being taken by persons entering on offices eon.
netted with the revenue; and the tided was, to enable the Earl
Marshal pf England to exercise his high office without being let-
tested by these obligations. The first point of the measure brought
forward by his Noble relation Was eitjected to upon principle by
certain Noble Lords; but the other two points were not only not
objected es, bee approved of bas Noble Lords. That which re-
garded the oaths of permute holding. MB= in the Revenues the
NOble Earl at the head of his lid 's Government himself had
felt the necessity of; and had • a Measure upon hit convic-
tion of that necessity, which had sonobtid theft Lordships' senetieh-
The objection to the point that had been brought forward relative
to the °Moe of the F4s Marthaisiat, that it would be an inebn.
etruity to mix up that quest= wish the other Ont urged by
his Noble Friend, and that it might to be introduced in a Bill
by itself.
Hero the Noble Lord was indonipted by a Mesectiger: tad by.
framed their Lordships that the Commons were ready to: a ci u-
.
licence in the Painted Chamber.
VAGRANT LAWS.
A 'on damn Noble Peas. consisting of Earls Harrow-
' . yn. Comment, the Marquis of Hum*, the Bishop of
Wan
. tir jelasemeamm.
Taiihsion and Bexley, went.. appointed to
tif =twenty =muted their Lordships maned,
ed that moon had agreed to the first amendment!
utiAltabliiii'dlet-gkeyb.uptradillrellgyed theirtoLordthee:bemith:Wonuedldinnollta!aneia
fp aneendaants, in order that so necessary a Bill should
is
imil la
The Marl of SHAFTESBURY then moved that their Lord-
= insist as the said aatendatenta • •
' ilatat . •
ELLENBOROUGH considered them of such import/
Mita that he should wish to preserve them even at the risk of Wing
the BBL If that ware the consequence, in order that the Coot.
mit= should not be without vt laws, he should have no ob-
jektion to suspend the Standing Orden, and to pass a Bill to renew
the Vaginas Are of leas yea&
Ed GROSVENOR suggested the propriety of having another
conference with the Commons, sod asking them not to persist in
their objmnotte.
Lord ELLENHOROUGH expressed his intentions of dividing
ae House.
The question was then put, whether their Lordships peristed
in Site amendments`

the House.

The Bill havinemor teal. a first time,
Lord HOLLAND moved that the standing Orders, Noe. 24
and 21, be taken into consideration to.niorrow, with a mu to
their being suspended.
The Earl of Iai'LRPOOL did not think it would be fair to
suspend the standing orders, on a subject on which many shads
of opinion existed. It ought only to be done in a ease of absolute
necessity, or when there were reasons to think that no dilbrence of
opinion prevailed. If the bbjeet'of the Noble Lord we,. merely to
limb the Bill read a second time. in order to =certain the sense of
the gouge, and to postpone it till the newt Seaslan, he (Load
Live/well *could most heartily as asnient to tie salon.
Lord HOLLAND said. treat if she tillable Lord had the lean
scruple about the suspension of the litandint Odes eo-inerrow, be
should not press it; bet it wee mesesery be ahead. tin aedie
that be intended to move that be taken ioto memibmidan. in
order to leave the nutter open. The Noble Lout then owed. that
the Bill be printed—Ordered.

NBW CHURCHES.
On die modem KPm Bail of LIVERPOOL, the Heine went
into a COMMIUSIII an the New Churches' Bill.
Load ELLENBOROUOH moved a clause to give Parteldeates
the power of applied*. a Minister for three terms, or 00 yaws,
instead of two, sr Mrem
After a fewvli Rem 1.4 HARROWBY and the Arch-
bishop ef YO was negatived.
Several banns; beet made, the Howe 4.1
stoned, end the
Ow tbe diettalegii bairn%
Earl DAR e a few remarks, 3etsaid that he should
not oppose the passing of the Bill.
Lord KING thought it most necessary ; fee the Catholic Clergy
was always resident and at their post, but these of the Established
Church Meyer. A resident Protestant Clergyman, with a Protest-
ant congreuition, in Ireland, was like an Oasis in the desert.
He regretted that site Bill should be an etact counterpart of
the Loglish Clergy Residence Bill, for that he knew bad
proved ineffective. Yet it wee strange, that where a sleek and
wealthy Rector could not live without endangering his health,
the vivacious Curate should positively Sourish. There was no.
thing so elastic Os a nomeesidem Clergyman. He balled
all enactments; yet he (Lord King) had a little apparatus
,ible hand which would work wooders if it were adopted.
t ills in the shape of a clause, and to the following purpose
" Be it further enacted, that the absence of every...wiesiastical
minister Emus his benefice for every week after six weeks, be
coassdeeed a legal discharge for the fifty-second pan of tithes
due to the said clergyman." The clause having been put and
nedtivedt
001? proposM another:, to authorise the Bishop, in
cams where paris- bad been united, which lay at two sweat a
distance from each to allow divine service to be duly performed,
to appoint another minister.
. This clause was understood to be agreed to, after which the
Bill wad read a third time, and pared,
MARINE INSURANCE.
Lord BEXLEY moved that the Marine Insurance Bill be com-
mitted.

----
rhe LORD CHANCELLOR did not mean to oppoie the
Motion, but wished to call the attention of the House to the neces-
sity that to Bills of that kind some restrictions should be laid on
those Societies which consisted of more than .a certain number of
persons. In cases of Corporations chartered by the Crown, if those
were not found useful to the public. their charters
Itifiegrtrberevoked through the means of a writ of rcire facies. But
it out othe'rirlse *ith respect to Partinkshins and Joint-Stock
Companies treated by Art of Parliament. If they became mir
ch teroua there was no remedy, they could not be dissolved. He should
make no motion on the subject that night, as he did not consider
that it would be fair to do it, the parties connected with the measure
I not having had soy notice, would be taken by surprise. But
on the third reading, next Monday, he should propose several
additional elan*, to give Omer security to • the public. Let
their Lordships soppine a Company ccoaleting of sixty inetnbers, .
it would be impossible for any person to sue than, because it would
oat be biotin who they were, and because if they were knovin, all .
their nem/wan:od not be Introduced into a law proem' without
giving diem die advantage of pucting a plea in abashment, and
creating interminobledsley by contending that such and such an
individual was reot spieling. The ably way to remove the difilculty
was to require tint the tridd Moakl know obedient parties versa
and for that purpose bo slumill propose that memorials Moira
enrolled in moor libillikatfe Courts of Justice, to give the to
to the RintopMfidettortli*Oing who were the persons,ott6
those f.',e jig oleo trusted iltif di* Lam{ would
thtnt It .p Ma When • those Coo poules consisted of more
than a certain momiekiffbidivtivals, say slit fix illustratiou's sake,
any two Mould lie allowed to be sued as
.salltient r ta-
tativei of the wink., and that if judgment win ektaioed against
them, execution might be taken out ad WM tie lierttietlatiodbees
involved in the trial. It would aim, ii restinehey tolntroduce
a din* to provide that all persons dmialik swain liable till it
had heed dem/maraud to the World by the enrollment of a new me-
thane] that they bad eared to be members dm rship. And
in case the new pertness Mould not be it
would also be Deelleicy Ant the old slaoremasti:Mo
of
liable tbr the comm.!, obi* they hid *ill 0 mole" twofer
of Shires hid been made, aid that such *oaf* should be ma-
sidered null and void, despecord ant *Mortal of it should have
been initialed. Me hill aid si vouch, net as an enemy to the
Bill,' but bees* he *hied that its principle should be carried
into effect with al little mischief and with as much good as 'pos-
sible. Mthett Ltedibips should determine to pass it without
adopting those elausis, he must say, in fairneas to those Campania,
Ohl the first tliMgralt he should do next Session., if 'Oe bred
then, *MAI be to ilt a general'Aet in those news to aftm.
Companies ofthy
T-h v
e Bari of I,
,gRiOxII, perftedy conctured in ell that had
fallen frdei die Noble and Learned Earl. He thought, however,
that the reguladdinsprppesed, bed better be the subject of a general
Aet, though he should not oppose their introduction into the pre-
sent BilL lie also saw no reaion why the same process by which
chartetird cehrpahit4 might be deputed of their charters in cases of
abuse, should not be extended to companies incorporated by Par-
liament, and why they should not be • made dissoluble like the
former. .
Lord BEXLEY said, that as no amendment OM now to be pro-
pruned, be ahouldooly move that the Bill be committed.
Lord REDESDA LE thought that this would be the best time
for moving the additional clauses.
The. LORD CHANCELLOR repeated, that he did tint think
it fair to move thee. .'srt present, as the individuate interested in the
Bill would be taken by surprise ; whereas they now would have
time to consider and to weigh the propositions which it was his
intention to make on Monday.
, The Bill that went throogh i cpannittesie, was reported, and
ordered to be read a third Ilion Monday.
lilt. Waller; from the of Woo& and Forests, presented
the first Helped of the (:am Wieners for the improvement of the
Roads from London to Holyhead—Laid on the table.
i Adjourned.

Contents - - 13
Non.cordents 25
Majority against the Amendments - —l2
EARL MARSHA
Lord HOLLAND then resumed hie speech, and stated, that
the Bill which he was submitting to their Lordships was formed
precisely on the model of that which hail received the sanction
of the L%itilature, and which enabled persons to hold Revenue
Offices without previously taking certain oaths. It would
Imre the Earl Marshal in exactly the saute situation as the
Officers of his Majesty's army and navy. It involved no
principle which should afterwards induce their Lordships to
go one step further in concession, and he had the declaration of
some of the most zealous Peers on thet point, that no danger
could possibly arise from the Earl Marshal being enabled to
exercise his functifins. In fact, could it be supposed that the
Stick of Earl !Hershel should be more dangerous in the hands
of a Catholic, than the sword or cannon' in those of Catholic' in
the army or navy ? or that there should be more peril in a Catholic
regulating their Lordships' heraldic bearings than in his taking
money out of their pockets ? The eminent individual to whom the
Bill related did not stand now in the one situation as lie did
before he knew that it was the unanimous sense of the House that
he should exercise the duties of his office. Ile had been suddenly
deprived by a stroke of Providence of that person, whom, from
ties of blood and affection, he must bare seen with less reluctance
fulfilling the functions which he was not allowed personally to dis-
charge. At this moment, therefore, if there was in the House •
disposition to grant hint a boon, it might be granted with
grace, feeling, and generosity. Their Lordships would recollect
that it was the duty of the Earl Marshal, at the close of a S
to regulate the ceremonies which attended its termination. Now.
from the loss which he had suffered, there wee no one to do it; and
was it at such a time that he should be called upon to acknowledge
his own incapacity, and, without leisure to make a choice, to
appoint a Deputy to discharge duties which he raw Parliament
was willing he should execute It was at such a time, on
the contrary, that their Loolshipt.' boon would be most wel-
come and 11.014 acceptable. He (Lord Holland; was not partial
to the sus pension of the Standing Orders of the House; but,
like • in which difference •
in a case this,there was no of opinion.
I he trusted that their Lordships would not refuse to suspend
them. The place of Earl Marshal conferred no political power,
and his proposal would give their Lordships au opportunity,
of doing an act of grace iu the most kind and feeling manner, and
lat the most acceptable moment. The Itlll consisted of only two
clauses. The first enabled the Earl Marshal or his Deputy to
discharge the duties of the office without taking the Oath of Su.
premacy, and on taking no other oaths than thou of allegiarceasd
of office. The second clanse was merely for making the acts of
the Earl Marshal valid, though he had not taken the Oath of
Supremacy. The Noble Earl then moved the first reading of th.
Bill,
The LORD CHANCELLOR should not object to the fut,

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Vanua', Jusz l&

Mr. G. DAWSON promoted a petition from the bankers, roer-
ehanti, and traders of Dublin, for widening the &rennet imme.
diately surrounding the four Courts, and for widening Pill-lane.
Mr. NVALLACE brought up the Report of the Committee on
foreign trade.
STANDING ORDERS.

......
Mr. moved that it be an ineuoction to the Committee on
Private Bilk to state whether any, and what regulations should
be made in the Standing Orders of the llouse relative to notices:

ELMIOUS OPINIONS.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from the Rev. Mr. Taylor, of
the Benevolent Society of .Dublin praying that he may be per.
mined to open a chapelfor the worship of Almighty God, without
regard to theautborities of antiquity. Of late &shameful interference
had taken place in the religious opinions of individuals. Two 'ser-
aprc had oh late been convicted for the sale of the same book, under
thz same circumstances ; of these, one was sentenced to three years
impriioninent, the other fur three months. The conduct of the
Warder wax reprehensible in a high degree ; and if such practice
prevailed on the bench, the age of ivorarice and bigotry would
again return.
Air. WYNN thought the Hon. Dentlernan ought to have selected
a moment when the Attorney or Solicitor.Deneral were present, as
the prosecution must have taken place under the direction of the
Right Hon. Secretary for the Home Department. Many thrum.
stances should regulate the punishment—the age of the parties—
the mode of conducting the defence, and other cousidcrationa,
where the discretion of the Judge should be exercised.
Mr. AIONCK thought that prosecutions of this kind should be
put an end to ; they were productive of mischief ; the very eeencc
of the Protestant religion was toleration.
The petition was then laid on the table.
Mr. Il UAIE again rose and said, that Mr. Tailor bad (pencil a
chapel in Dublin, but that he was turned out of it by the mob.
CAPE BRET( /N.

HUME then presented a petition from Cape Breton, win-
pla:ning of the grieranea under which the inhabitsnts laboured in
consequence of the change that had latch, been mule in that colo-
nial seulement. They alsa complained cif the inaccuracies in cer-
tain docninents which had been laid on the table of that House,
and of the facts which had been mated in former discussions re-
specting them. The gravamen of the petition was a complaint of
Our being annexed to Nova Scotia. and been made subject to hs
laws, in violation of a ►eparate establishment which had been pro-
mised them ; and also an enjoyment of all the rights of English-
men. It was to be apprehended that they would put themselves
under the protection of North America if their grievances were not
redressed. Indeed, if assistance was not afforded. it should not be
wondered at if they rebelled ; for where relief w..s denied, rebellion
became a duty. At the late period of the Seision, he would not
make a motion on the subject, but would introduce one relative to
it early in the next.
Sir I. COFFIN said, that one wc.2ld think the island was uncle_

the Bey. of Algiers, from what this Hon:Tiiend had laid ; he, hie%
known it for forti years; it had cost this cour.try an immense aunt,:
to establish it. The people were, he could speak ttom hkeieritaitt
contented and ptaspecous, and encountered no inconvenience Wept
• slight alteration in some of their laws, which could not be con-
sidered as a hardship.
Mr. W. HORTON would not reply to what the Pfitiran
taioed, u it was a mere duplicate of a similar ON that bed been
presented by the Hoo. Member last jest, and Winch 6tated griev-
ances that did not enlist. If doe Hon, Member thought these
gritisnces did prevail, It Pas Mt duty to have subniltted • subteen-
dye motion for inquiry into them, and net to muted rebellion in
that House, and come 'dawn with a detail of imaginary ids on the
last day of the Session. (near, hear.) The Hon. Member denied
that any granrid exbeed for the ceMplaints made, and read an ex-
tract from a document of the Governor, stating that general content
reigned thy.roughose the bland, and that it was I,y increasing in
praspetit
Mr. 111KRNAL agreed with hie lion. Friend (Sir. Horton) that
• discussion on thiSlamortant subject would be More regular ev a
motion than the presentation of a petition. He hoped that suet a
motion would be male early in the next Session. Hetoulti not agree
with the Gallant Officer (Sir Isaac Conn) that it wet nn hardthip
to change the laws to which the inhabitants had beta luog accus-
tomed.

-Sirl. COFFIN was surprised to hear his Hon. and barred
Friend talk of rebellion in that House. if the inhabitants mani-
fested a Moods* of that kind, he would undettales, with roc
line-of-battle dilg and one thousand men, to knock them ell over
in 21 hewn. (Looolaer.)
Mr. HUME sag les would move for the Inuiry as *imitated
the ;by the Hon. Gent neat Session. Ile pledgld his existence if
he lived, en:lr the hate of the petition; if be ?idled in doing
ea. pre • lieetener 'wen roneed, he would promise never to
mbnit /no es ee that Mouse. As to this petitiofebei'l a
duplicate of the . it Intl satisfactorily refuted by the circuht-
stance of this pendent *hooting to certain observations which had
been made in Parliapiemt on the discussion of the last. •
The pctitien was then ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. HUME regret:4,lp trespass on the attendee of the House
with another petition of considerable importance. R wile • petit/tee
from the Roman Catholics of Ireland, and as it contained more ac-
curate information relative to the Consistoriel Courts mad the whole
machinery of the tithe system generally, he would Move that it
be read. It was signed by Hertel O'Connell, N. P. O'Gorroan,
and many of the moat respectable members of the Catholic Asset-.
elation.
The petition was then brought up yid read by the clerk.
The petition was then ordered to be printed
Mr. C. H. IIL'T.CHINSON presented a petition (rent a person
of the name of Thomas Flanagan, complaining of grievances
heaped upon him, and preying such redress as the House right
think proper to afford him.--Ordered to he printed.
Mr. a H. HUTCHINSteN presented a petition from certain
inhahitants of Dundalk, praying that relief would he ranted to
the Roman Catholics of Ireland, for the purpose of budding and
repairing chapels for theit religious worship. In the town of Dun-
dalk there were 10,006 people, who had only one miserable place
of public worship.--Ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROUGHAM presented a petition from the inhabitants of
Morpeth, expressive of their thanks for the rctolutions adopted by
the House relative to negro slavery.
POOR LAWS..
Mr. BROUGHAM presented a petition from Mr. Benjamin
Wells, at the head of the Meeting, Kink's Head. Poultry, prse•
log that the benefit of the Poor Laws should be extended to
Ireland.
HOUSE OF KEYS.
Mr. BROUGlllA3lyresenteo a pethion from the difTerent Mem-
bers of the House of keys, and he considered it entitled to every
, attention. The petition was signed by several individuals of great
respectability, and called ter the consideration of the House. The
petitioners composed a bunch of the Legislature of the Isle of
31a•, and, virtimUy and legally, represented those persons whom
ihey were said to represent. The petitioners complained of the
conduct of the Governor of the Island. Whatever the Coostttu-
' tion of the Island might - be, the petitioners complained that
they were improperly deprival of theit rights wade/ that Coo-
, stitution. They particularly referred to their exams:ea fro n
sitting in judgment in criminal eases. lie knew that there were
different opinions on the subject t but from the case laid be-
' fore hint he felt bound to differ from them. In fact, there were
alreade three eases, one of them, a capital felony, in ,which no
' judginent was yet pronounced; in consequence of the absence of
the Keys fiom the several trials. The petitioners said, in their
opinion, that the Duke of Athol was the last man in the world who
, should bes continued as Gamow of that island; from the very
peculiar patinocity with which bee:mimes his duties there. Four
times, at least, the Duke of Athol applied to Parliament without
Weems. and only gained *kris' forty yeses after. when an ar-
rangerneot was made with lion. Till 1865 his Grace -would have
been satisfied with 76,6064 the sum was then lels anew
bargain was made, an additional 70,00 W was given, ft,. the
pension to a Lady of 211001. a year. When look plane after the
bargain *hewed that it was bad to epee heroin!. These was always
since 1765 down to 1805 some fresh claim put forwent, so that the
inhabitants were in constant jeopardy as Jodie security 9f their
property. In feet, the Dukeof Athol was sole Judge in Chancery
there, and in the Exchequer he sprinted the Hieholi. and he hid
also the patronage of the Hectare sad Vicars. But it should be
understood that all tithe carat were tried in the Court of Exehequer
—not perhaps valtereshe verintesested . to the modus for his own
year, but cetainly In thole yam where it watt paid to the /141100
, whom lie halts& appointed.. The petitioners also complained of
' the uncertainty of die consort-dab of the Ceuncil—of the sppoket-
, moo to judicial oiliceseeancilhat the complaints against Judge'
foe improper conduct were all heard in private, to thereto detri.
triessof dee:posee of the island and the welfare of ice Inhabitants.
In wane urea injustice was actually coolmitted, and illweee
Iris* orileptors) were appointed to situationeen the diifer ne Court.,
merely foe baring acted in wafonnity with the wishes of his Grace
t
ffthoi. The petitioners further comPleinerie that his Grate bad
pardoned, of his mere will, persons guilty of assaults, bringing them
CRT him into the Court of Chaswery, where he had no right to
have them tried.
Mr. P4EL trusted that the. House would heat him for • short
period before the peotion was brought up, for if the allegations of
the petition were true, they formed a charge of a very serious
nature against hint ; for in ell that had been done, the Duke sat'
Athol had had hie advent. He felt that the conduct which be bad
pursued was that which he ought to hs,e pursued. Ile drew co
argument floes the imams:McGee that would ?wilt to the ado:J-
oie lion of justice, if the petitiobers were right, es if it wait the law
•
of i
island that the House of Keys should be present at Criminal
T they ought certainly to be there. Ile could not give a
further proof of the intention under which he octal, than by reed-
ing the instruction that he had forieerded to the Authorities at the
Inland ; he had alsoveted on the opinion of the Law Officers of
the Crown, which was, that the Keys bad no right to be present.
With regard to the chew against the Duke of Athol, he had
never heard that the Duke lambed his power, nor that any allega-
tion had been made against him in his decisions, or Ito should hate
felt it his duty to have taken notice of it. There certainly wore
bickering' between the Duke of Athol and the House of Keys ;
he had always advised them to bury in oblivion peat animosities,
as, where the Chief Authorities of a Government were at "menace,
it must be felt throughout the whole grades of their jurisdiction.
lie lamented that the House of Key* had brought their complaints
before the house. as there was a letter from them, in which they
had promised to forget all dissensions t anti he really was net aware
that there had been any new cause of misted en dilate" The re-
moval of Mr. %einem from the office of Judge No no refehence
whatever to the Duke of Athol; it Has in consequence of a
complaint made by apemen of the name of Nell, accusir.g him of
misconduct in the discharge of his duty. Ile bieteuted an 'e-
quity into the elkeed misconduct of Mr. Vaughan; be fourd that
the charge was confirmed; and he feltehat there was left no alterna-
tive for him butte dismiss him front his office, as the whole of tee
case was established to his satisfaction. lie never owe referred
the menet to the Duke of Athol, but was regulated in what he
bad done by the distinct proofs of the charges that had been
brought against 31r, Vaughan. It wee painful to him to enu.e
into such details, but they were neceseery, to refute *hat had beet,
advanced by the House of Keys. The lion. Member then en-
tered into a general justification of the Duke of Athul's conduit,
admitting that in some instances belted slightly exceeded his set-
thorny. The Right Honourable 31ember concluded by stating,
that it the opportunities were to recur, he should ant in a mainly
similar manner.
Mr. BRIGHT said that the House of Keys ought to have it.-
formed the Crown of the reasons for which Mr. Vaughan was
dismissed.
Mr. Smatter Pert. and MT. BRIGHT lllllllllcxplained.
Mr. 111.111 E suggested that the intnests of the Duke of Athol
were incompatible with his situation as Coeernor of the Isle of
Man.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL. said, that the opinion .of the
Law Officers of likuremntent was founded upon a very easeful in.
vestigation and consideration of the fame There could be nu
doubt that the Privy Council was the proper tribunal Imitate which
the question should be argued.
Mr. IlleetillT persisted that Government was acting on an
ea parte statement. The House of Keys had a right to see the care
on which the A ttorney .general had given hie opium.
The A 17ORN le V -I i EN ERA L said, the documents on which
his opinion was founded were all public records, namable to every
Member of the Keys.
Mr. BROUGHAM contended, in reply, that it was evident, on
the authority of Deensster Pan's beck, that the Keys had a right to
ei, as men of the criminal Court without beteg sumniewiede
lie warmly vindicated Mr. Robert Cunningham. whom he Cha-
racterised as a highly honourable and respectable young man.
Sinze the groin:tilos charge made against him, he lied, oat the re-
commendation of the Duke of Athol, been elected a K• r. and ha I
visited his Grace's family. The &cadent witach had actirred ha
hint was entirely the effect of intoxitadon, and had not. in the lease
degree, injured his reputaticn in the Island. The ot.ty remedy tur
the continual bickering* that prevailed in the Isle of Man, was tee
selection of some other Governor. The Disks of Ather '
involved him in perpetual conflicts with the ireleabi
iniposeible, while he polsaised • control over tlw
Judieill Authority, that justice could her fairly adt
Mr. PIA' le elm Rua tee respeetabie.iy of 31:

i,
i

1 1

1

0

isliasia:iii; its--apine iriZrexTeill;:a4—inticirifir•ii; ad=z -g:„7; rbinzwet .i;i; cw,„,,--r,;,-17 6,,..- --„„
. .
Gardens, sad Pleasure &minds, earlehed and ornammilnd with seising that his • et hart teen ennui*, even though is
stately timber, and refreshed by a sheet .of wpm*. ellotatwitltii, *ib OW. creditors in number and amount did not sign it.—Tl
Witil and extensive prospects of the nen MP fent :NNW lif ilk with th 4 amendments, tens then read; third time.
which it is surrounded. To a family of consequence, Mansios PATHOIN DISQUALIFICATIONS.
and Estate will be found competent Is hog retort fee *dr On; . 'Y presented a pekain Rom kis Msjesty's Ramos C
unpile accommodation and en t, or ► hnsaWsi telmmk all
embracing neatly Two Hu Ames of rin► and pisibeVitive . resident to the setsaV and city of Wale:feeds pro
of passes Misdeed aught be freed from C
Land in the h' inter cooditimad lybsie round dia morgibetnez s• - . gr. . Itl PO *mg NUMMI
111000 i tOCKlfflint market to ins nerghlted
,"` .....74.` ''' . till theh 11111••-••hlsett
=etc; torsaimulti., end I s mayiblabundently ill.ll2lll.l6lllulged. ' ...
1. 144Alit risbierced, time this petiti
had been nocentnoini ►s. a lesser addicssed to him, in which t
More detailed and descriptive pecticulars rnity be known at 73, petition," dNiki abs se found a niotion upon• the document
Bond-street.
FREEHOLD ESTATE, WILTS. at this late period of the Session, hd must decline wonting t

r Athqrsinteresis
&sato: and is was
w Ltirstaure *sit
deilmsterta.
Mr. Culraraghata
