tries! and here, in looking to the present state of
some of those countries, he might be permitted to
ask, how had they benefited by this defence ? This
Nobleman, who owed his glory to the valour of Bri-
tish troops, had not only denied that country which
gave him birth, but, as far as in him lay, endea-
voured to keep millions of his countrymen in a
state of police! slavery, by the contioisatice of in-
tolerant Testy Laws.--of those.reql3lCl4 who had so
miimly couttiblited. to roans him to Use state which
he now enyoyed. Could Lord Fitewilliam be dis-
groc'etl by not being associated with such t wan
fieirroidit conelYtde-hy calling their attention to
the circumstances connected with this excellent
Nobleman's dismissal. It was a notorious* Tact,
that when the station was bestowed by his treeing-
hle and beloved Majesty, it was accompanied by
a declaration, that Lord 'Fitzwilloon should not
he bound to support the proceedings of the Tory
Administration ; it was equally notorious, that
when the great subject of Catholic Einancipation
was discussed, and his Majesty expressed his seen.
pies, molly of those who are at present in power
emisideital it to be little less than treason to op.
pose or expose the childish but conscielitious opt.
inns of the King. Now, the same men, last to
every sense of shame and public disapprobation, fly
i Ito the bee of his revered Majesty, and seem care-
less and reckless whether he smiths country approve
or disapprove of this vile and weak measure.—
But, he added, there are greater and nobler rewards
than a profligate Ministry could bestow—than a
fleeting ephemera, who once, like vile insects.
crawled on the earth to all their native nothingness,
bat now bring beamed upon by Court favour,
flutter, the butterflies of an hour, round the power
that has exalted them, whilst in the splendour of
meridian prosperity, but, as they have proved in
the instance of our venerable Monarch, would be
the first to desert it in the season of adversity. Can
such characters as these bestow ought worthy the
acceptance of an honest man ? No. he concluded,
when the coronets of these courtly sycophants are
covered with rust, and their names erased from the
annals of their country—when they shall be
either I! forgotten as fools, or remembered as
worse," the character of him they have endeavoured
Ti' degrade will ' live in the memories of all who
knew him—already half-adored by his numerous
truantry, to whom lie is truly a hither—by those
unfortunate victims of iniquitous Test Laws, who
firgot under his gentle sod genial sway the sys-
tem which degrades, despises, insults, and op.
pressers them--.and by every true patriot and phis
lauthrupist his name and character will he conse-
crated, and his splendid reputation written in the
hearts of et/eat' virtuous man, when death calls him
from an admiring and applauding cottony to a
brighter coronet and a nobler title. Mr. N. then
read the Declaration, after exhorting the parishion-
ers to be moderate, but firm, and drClAtllig, that
he should not follow the example of the sapient
Administration, by giving any opinion on the. Man-
cnistrr sat down amidst loud and reite-
rated applause.

The tollowing is s copy of the Declaration :

"Considering the extracrainary public nets which have
litely taken place, and viewing the portentous ',pro of ,be
tinpv, We, the loyal and independent intisbilants of St. Paul,
Covent-garden, deem it neeesioiry to matte the following
Declaration of sentiments :

" We deelare ourselves ardently attached to the Consti-
tution of our country, as by charter, ancient usage, and
law established, and our readiness, ' at all times and upon
ntl occasions, to assist in preserving inviolate that sacred
ed,fice.

" We therefore view with sorrow and indignation the at-
tempts which have been recently made to undermine it ; but
we are persuaded that the friends of order will have no diffi-
culty in crushing the puny 'fruits of rash men to a ffe ct,-by
violence, an alteration in the Government : send we ate
equally sure, that the divine influence of our holy religion,
aided by the exhortations and instruction of our extensive
estabinbeisent, eminent for the talents and education it pos-
sesses, cannot be overturned by the impious hostility of a
few obscure and illiterate
" Our chief apewiliension of the overthrow of our Con-
stitution unities from the disposition manifested by many
persona is authority to subvert it—aided as they are by the
Mullen, fable peusiooers on, and expectant' front the public
purse, who enlist themselves ' to assist and strengthen' the
powers that be, ' at all times and upon all occaswm•'—a
disposition which is clearly exemplified in the creation of
iserrierous new !neva, abrogating by degrees the inestimable
right of open Courts and Trial by Jury, and committing
the property of the subject to the private decisions of close
Commissions, ander different denominations, and of ingni-
phone, and unconstitutional Local Authorities; in ob-
truding new restraints upon the reasonable freedom of the
people, and new swarms of informers on their peace and se-
eurity; in forcing the working part of the public, by Corn
Laws and Licensing Lass, to purchase the chief necesmeries
of lifh timing's favoured channels only, at au exorbitant
price; and in cr.posing the just and constitutional cum-
plaints of sufftrers with scorn and outrage.
Is there apprehensions we ■re coot/toted by the late
sines at Manchester, wherein it appears that a population,
wher.e skill and industry have materially contrtbated to the
licher of the State, as well as to the emolument of their em-
ployern, whilst legally and peaceably assembled to petition
for relief under deep distress, were attacked by the local
• Constituted Authorities, and that 1 hundred unarm-
ed sod unresisting individuals were grievously wounded, and
that many were put to death in cold blood. Upon this
dreadful event, however, we refrain from giving way to the
expression of our feelings because, until it has undergone a
patient anti legal investigation, it might be almost as im.
proper to proreuunce deep condemnation as to bestow up-
yealiird praise and thanks.
'• We are still further confirmed in these our apprehen-
sines, by the removal of a venerable and beloved Nobleman,
one of the best supporters of the Government, and a sincere
friend to the Constitution of the Country, from a station be.
stowed upon Bien by our revered Sovereign, in consideration
of his virtues and the eminent services he had rendered to
the Mate, for no tither apparent resew' t►an his disapproval
of the proceedings connected with the Meeting at Mau.
cloister." . . . .

Me. CLIME seconded the Peclaration,.and
iIif.SKELTON supporle:d it to un animated speech.
It waethen pot and carried. .
Thariks were then vuted to the Chairman, w,ho,
in expressing his gratitude
,for the honour done him,
wade some observations,wn the perish funds; this
eirsted some discus.ion ; after alma .the meeting
adjourned.

• - '
'rise Honourable Artillery Company was under
mum in ttiejr ground ou Monday, from ten o'clock
in•ltie tumuli till some time after the Radical
Aloetittg hyuke up. His ituyal Highness the Duke
of -Svassx was on duty on the occasion.
to wine of the late Proclamation Parliament
was formally prorogued on .Tuesday. from that day
to' thettiScl mislead. The LORD•CUANCIIILLOR, the
Earl of SidairrittlßUlllf. and Lord,Sdr. Hol.steo,•
sat es Lotueostoutuers is the -Hover of toed,.

0 errs of die rliorseeNtieg that .
Ikeliee..itteads4 1.140= • ,;.
sooits istlfrou filhwit 41141.
tirtgivit soil us fp..41141 Osprpa stood
,us uitu siirstib S&Al.sv.,:sd sad

• ensilaf“,• t If.
ipsood ti
• pawl »lie Lb
