MUTINV BILL. ,•
On the Earl of SIIATTESBURY 1111 l ring their Lordships to
go into a Committee on the Army Mutiny Bill,
Earl GROSVENOR remarked, that the punishing even cri-
minals by flogging, Was by many considered a matt impropet
course ; but with how match greater force did the objection apply
to the punishment of relaters by flogging, who were brutalised by
tt ? By degrees, however, the practice hefd diminished, and in
many,lesiments it had bee; done away with. Ile was swats that
there sere difficulties in the way of the abolition of this punish-
ment, which might make it imprudent, under existing armor
stances, entirely to put an end to tt ; but the practice was so much
reprobated by all descriptions of . that be trusted it would
in time be tbund nut desweble remote to it._ It Dad been
mated, whh reference to me negiees, that they acre only to receive
25 lashes at one time, and other regulations were pointed out as
regarded this species of punishment on them, which he thought It
would be will to adopt respecting the flogging of soldiers.
Their Lordships then went into • Committee on the Bill; as
also on the Marine Mutiny Bill, the Male Orphan Asylum
Bill, the Four per Cents. Bill, and the Country Goal Bill.
LAW COURTS (SCOTLAND).
The Earl of LIVERPOOL, in laying upon their Lordships'
table the Report of the Cunimissioneni fur inquiring into the Lew
Courts of Scotland, observed, that it was a most important docu-
ment, and he should therefore move that it be printed ; and he
should propose that on an early day 14 be referred to a Committee
to report what measure ought to be adopted with reference to this

SUGAR BOUNTIES BILL
The Suger Bounties Bill was read a wood time.
PRACTICE OF COUNSEL IN APPEALS.

The LORD CHANCELLOR informed their CordThips, that
he had received an intimation from Counsel engaged in an appeal
cause before their Lordships to- morrow morning, that it would be
inconvenient foe them to attend, in consequence of their being
obliged to attend the Vice• Chancellor's Court. He wished to ask
their Lordships if they did not think with him, that the first duty
of Counsel was to attend this the supreme Court of the realm?
(Hear, hear, from the Earl■ Grosvenor and Caernarvon.,
MBANK PENITENTIARY.

Mr. Milling, from the Milbank Penitentiary, preeented the Re.
port of the l'ommittee of the General Penitentiary.
Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Twußsu4y, 111Aaca 18.

NEGRO SLAVERY.

Mr. TRE3IAVNE presented a Petition from the Inhabitants of
Boilmin, praying foe the abolition of negre slavery.
iimilar Petitions were resented by Mr. Bosse, from Amer.
slam ; by Mr. LAWLXY, from Atheratonc, in the county of War-
wick ; by Mr. KIRWAN, from Kelsinghauri t by Mr. LOVITOY,
from Stockport, Larms-Ble.ney, ; and by Mr. N. Car.wmurj,
from Wan, in Hortfartildigen—erdond ea lie on the table.
MLR DUTIES.
Mr. BLACKBURN presented a Petition from the town of Lan-
casteragainst the reprAl of the disks on silk.—Ordered to lie on the
table.

31r. BLACKBURN presented a Petition from a town in Lan-
cashire against the exportation of long wooL—Onlesed to lie on
the table.

A similar Petition was presented by 3lr. S. WORTLEY from
the town of Leetla.—Onlered to lie on the uible.

LICENCE DITIES.—
Mr. L. KECK presented a Petition from the innkeepers and
licensed victuallers of Loughborough, praying fur a repeal of the
licence duties.
A similar Petition was presented by Mr. LAWLEY, from the
innkeepers, &c. of Nuneaton.—Ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
_ ASSESSED TAXES.
Colonel PALMER presented a petition from the parishes of
St. Peter and St. Paulin the city of Bath, praying fur the repeal of
the assessed taxes.

Similar petitions won presented by Mr. ASA IJ MST, from
Caine; anti by Sir T. LET)! as Ino E, from Bath and Shrpton.
)ladle[.—Ordered to lie on the table and be printed.

HIDES BILL.
Colonel PALMER presented • petition from the tanners of
Bath against the Hides Bill.
Mr. 1417311 thought it was extraordinary that the House should
not know with whom this Bill originated. He had no doubt of its
being opposed when it came before the house.
hlr. ELLICE was of opinion that it would be better to defer
any ineloiries into It until it came before the House.
Cllr. Alderman WOOD said, that the object of the Bill
was to do away with the statutes relative to small hides ; but he
thought the bast way would be to let every man take care of his
own property. and make the best of it.
Mr. LYTTLETON certainly thought it strange that the Bill
should be discussed night after night, and the House aot know its
owner. He should, however, feel it his duty, when it was in
another stage, to move its detention.
Mr. 111731,1 said that he int.:tided to propose its being read
that day six months.
Mr. 11. O. BENNET wished to hear the Chancellor of the Ex.
chequer on the subject, when he should be in the House, as it was
not right to let the country be kept in hot water.
The petition was then laid on the table and ordered to be printed.

CO:11111NA T lON LAWS.
Mr. lit me presented a petition from the Boot and Shoe maker!.
of Liverpool, praying for a repeal of the Combination Laws. A
similar petition was presented by Colonel Moils from the
boot and shoe makers of Yore.—Reterred to the Artisans' Com-
mittee.
