H.O-11.

From a file of Haytian Papers reecivell yevertlay we ex_
tract the following Proclamation of the l'resideut of Ilarti
to his countrymen, oil the rupture of th? negociations w:;h
France for the recognition of the itt,lepmtdence of tin:
island :
Jcam PIERRE BOYER, President of Ilsyti
All nations have had their revolutions, gicelotto at pernirio,
according to the causes which have given rt•e to them. 504110144
derived their splendor from such political shocks ; others hue
been shaken, and have fallen into decay. These, too corrupt to
preserve the national energy unimpaired in the midst of ston,t,
have sold their liberty, anti have crouched beneath a disgraeout
servitude ; those, on the contrary, arming themselves with a nut!:
resolution, have shaken off the foreipt yoke, and tendered that,
selves independent. It is in the rank of the latter that it hit
pleased Divine Providence to place us. We shall constantly env,"
all our elforts to justify in the eyes of the world the unequirsw
signs of the Supreme IVill.
!faring issued victorious from the straggle in which they wee
engaged by the necessity or regaining their inalienable rights, the
Harlan nt.tion, enlightened by experience, had no other wahines
than to found the bases of their Government upon institute.,
similar to those which had entitled a celebrated people to
suffrage of the universe. From that time they percetvel, that
reach the height of their destiny, it was neccasary to carry,
.e„
culture to a flourishing state. to hasten civilisation, and nut,
commerce into their ports. All the nations who desired to erg
blish a reciprocity of trade with our ltepublic were therefore
participating in the advantages of these tell
nutted and protected. France herself was no sooner reconeiltsll„
to a Monarch who had just re.aseeictt
whose fleets no longer shut the seas against her, dia..
s4the wrongs of an agt;rcetion
1.1
SOttEceunmgts piiit.e.;inhe.
oe
of
meanst
floe fe
impute
anterior
his Government, we received the commerce of that Power. but untie
a 'nuked Hag. This form of admission was necessary fur the
Lionel security.
Such was the situation of Hayti, when, towards the end
October 11114, General Dauxion Lavarete, furnished with
struetions by M. ilalonet, 3linister of his .lost Christian N.
jesty for the Marina Ikpartnient, landed at this port. his pro
positions were as ridiculous as the object of bis ovcrture cos
treacherous. They were rejected, and the nation held dianselve
upon their guard. It is true that his Mau Christian Meier,
disavowed the mission of that agent; but we were then pemnue
to consider as authentic powers invested with the signature eft
Minister who would not dare to deny it. General Damon returett
to Jamaica in the curly part of December.
Two years after, and at the very time when Ilayti was occupss
in revising the fund:entente( act of her regcnetation, a west
deputation arrived on board the French fril:ate La Flow
which, ulthough emanating directly from his 3lost Christian Ale
jesty, had no better success, because the pretensions had not beer
changed. •

Notwithstanding these attempt; well calculated to awaken t't
distrust of the people upon the projects of a Cabinet who persiaid
in seeking to make them retrograde loaned!. slavery, the Foss
commerce continued, nevertheless, to carry on, with the most pc.
feet security, its transactions with Hayti.
1 he correspondence to which the two missions just mention!:
gave rise. lisruid been published by my predecessor, I .hall
enlarge further upon this first eposh of the diplomatic overtures..
Fiance with the Government of the Republic. It now remains ft
me to make known the details of the negociationa, of which it ws
believed possible to renew the thread with nie. To these I du.
annex the official papers relating thereto.
The re-union of the northern part of the Republic gave birh
fresh propositions which M. Aubert du Petit 1 boners was chap:
to bear to me on the part of the Councillor of State, Esmaagar.
who, at the time of the mission of the Viscount de Fonianges,
1816, of which lie binned a part, acquired, by the manifestatios
of liberal principles here. the esteem of the Haytian Gorernment
M. Aubert aanounced to me, that his Majesty Loris XVIII. " had
decided to consecrate our independence, and confined himself to
claim the right of Lord Paramount, with indemnities der the Ce!
'ion of the territory and property."
My answer was positive, and whilst I repulsed even therm
shadow of a Protectorate, I consented to revive, ss the only way
that could lead to a definitive treaty, the offer of a reasonably calm
lotted indemnity, which my predecessor had made to Geneni
Hauxion, and which the iscount de Fontanps had discarded
This offer, on my part, remained in oblivion, notwithstanding the
M. Au beet had given me the, assurance that nothing was waited
for to finish it, except the knowledge of my determination.
lt should be remarked, that every event which increased the pros
peril.), of the Republic, was shortly after followed by the sending of
some agent, whose mission was ever rendered abortive by the ra
tractiottof the French Cabinet.

Scarcely had the inhabitants of the eastern part expressed they
firm desire to form with us, in future, a single and same natinr
and had realised the requirements of the Constitution, when M
Lint presented himself to me, with confidential notes from de
3larquis de Clermont Tonnerre, Minister of the Marine. The
object of these notes was to induce me to make a becoming over.
cure. His Government, he said, haring already made the firs:
advances in vain, w..s desirous that I should take the initiative in
my turn.
I had not forgotten that the mission of General Dauxinn, which
was altogether as ministerial as that of 31. Liot, had been for disavowed. I also knew what to think of the motives of
non.success, which served as a pretext for this preposition; but,
being desirous of affording a fresh proof of my conciliatory dispo-
sition, and thinking that it would be agreeable to him who solieite.t
this negotiation, that it should be carried on with secrecy, I
believed that it could not then be placed in more suitable hands
than in those of General Boye, who had been here for some time.
This General, who justly possesses my esteem and confidence,
set out in the month of May, 1823, invested with my full powers.
Ito accomplish the conclusion of a commercial treaty, founded upon
the recognition of the independence of Hayti. it is surpr sr.`,
that the negotiator appointed by the Marquis de Clermont Ton.
nerre to comer with pun, had nut a sufficient latitude given to bin
to accept my propositions, since, after all that had been in egitaaor.
since 1814 the French Cabinet ought to have been fixed, bon
upon our determination, and upon the demands with which France
could hope that we should comply. However it might be, ti:n
negotiation, which the 31inisters had urged with their utmo
wishes, miscarried (will it be believed ?) from a chicanery upon de
nature and mode of the indemnity proposed by General Hoye.
M. }:smangart in his letters dated August 27, and Gook
26, 1823, expressed to me how deeply he regretted that
mission with which General Hoye was charged had not aut.
eeeded. lie attribute the cause of it to the choice of my age.
and the difference which he found between the propositions mail.
to him by me on the Illth of May., 1821, and those which Gene.
rel Hoye presented to him. Nevertheles, not despairing of bvin;
able to bring to an end an affair which lie hail su touch a
heart, he urged me to send another agent, who, front his 'nun
don, was not indifferent to the results of the negociation, sub
who should ben the bearer of my first propositions; assuring
me, that then the King's Government, who wished for nothirg
except just and moderate conditions--such, in short, as I envie.:
had desired, would ever be disposed to treat upon these bases—
bases which, he admitted, had nothing unacceptable, and whit!,
unquestionably, he was not authorised to further in the inter.
val that elapsed between my despatch of May 18, 1821, and the
day of his conference with General Hoye, at Brussels, ice August
1 t.,s.

- to these two letters of 31. Esmangart, a third soon succeeded.
which he addressed to me on the 11th of November, 1823, to ar•
nounce 31. Laujon as the tiosseasor of his entire confidence,
to express to me his ardent desire shortly to co-operate in the iroz
elusion of the treaty which was to put an end to all the uncertainties
In effect, AI. Laujon landed at Poet-au-Prince a hew days after mi
proclamation of the foth of January laid, and presented to me i
note in the form of instruction. After haying stated is this not.
that it had not been in his power to prevent the rupture of the ri•
gociation at Brussels, AI. Esmangart added that he h.td please::
in believing that I would return to the disposition which 1 had srr
flounced to him in the despatch which 31. Aubcrt had been charged
to deliver to him. to support of this assertion, 31. LaNjon made
endeavours to induce me to send an agent to Frame, affirming dm
the King's Government rendered dependent upon this step the be.
nudity of the verognitiein of the independence of Hayti, atfer the
bases of the 10th ut 3lay, 1821.
So much perseverance on the past of 31. Estriangart, in pursuing
the accomplashment of this great work. determined me to reply le
his last letter by my despatch of the 4th February, 1824, infornes;;
bin that, yielding to the desire of his Government. I was about ro
that effect to send to France a mission with the powers necessary.
In consequence, on the Ist of May last, the citizens Latosse.
nator, and Itouaner, notary of the Government, embarked cor
board the commercial brig the Julius Tltalea, furnished with fp,
letter of medence, dated the 21.1 th April, 11124, and with my ir-
structions of the saute dste, which could leave no doubt upon the
clauses el the treaty which they were charged to conclude, awl
upon the indispensable formality of the recognition, by a Hopi
Onloonance, of our absolute independence of all foreign domina-
tion of the authority at a Lord Paramount, and even of the Pro-
tectorate of any Power whatever; iu a word, of the independent:
which we have enjoyed foe twenty years.
did not hesitate to consider it my duty to congratulate wine!:
upon having sent of the citizens Larose and Roomier, since tlur
had not then reached their destination, upon receiving succtssive r
by differ:lit vessels a dozen of letters, in which Messrs. Esmangsr
and Lattion expressed their bupatience on account of the delay c.
the person who was to be the bearer of my propositions. But ti
an inconceivable fatality, which always turns aside the French Ae-
ministraiion from the approximation which it ever appears so de-
sirous to effect—tout by a system of tergiversation a hich pr; vents it,
at the moment of concluding, admitting the propcsition afreae.
admitted, or which leads it to reproduce the pretensions which
had abandoned to create for itself an opportunity of alleging th
insufficiency of the powers of toy agents, the mission of th.
citizens Larose and Roomier rcrnsitied, like the preceding one-.
without result. They therefore found themselves under the
meshy of demanding their passports to return to the Ilepubl.:.
where they arrived on the 4th instant.
Their conduct answered my expectation. It will ciao cunt::
them, I 'me no doubt, to the national approbation. The accrue"
witich they rendered to me will be annexed to the otliciai papa
which 1 have mentioned.

I have just made known the fact. and I StlnCr.tler them to di!
tribunal of public opinion. liayfl will have it in her power ,0
judge whether her Chief Magistrate has justified the coetidea,y
placed in him, and the world, on which side was the geed faith.. I
shall confiue myself to declare, that the !briars will never dews
front their glorious resolution, but will watt with firmness for ee
issue of events. Ar.d, if ever they shou'vt find theeeselvcs ca 2.4

nr2itit aggression. the universe will again
theft C'"l'asia.3l and energy in the defence of their national
e..
ayes iCtICV.
%liana P3l3Ce of Part-au-Prince, October 18, 1823, the 21%t
the inilepetklence of BOYEIt.

, following is the substance of the official account
in the French l'apers, as to the course of the nego-
um. and the CSII/1;2 of the rupture :
Ifeputies landed at Havre on the lith of June, but it was
the niidfle of July that the negotiation had made alsy pro-
the corwions then discussed were, the recognition of Hayti,
indemnity. and commercial advantages tot Frame on
the most favoured nation. These points seemed to
ly settled without difficulty. The pecuniary indem-
okaea by Hayti was indeed less than the French Government
ea to expect; but this difficulty was nut considered of great
vette.
both parties bad nearly agreed on these points M. Esman.
tirst time spike of the Eastern part of (lard which be.
etokire to Spain. The King of f ranee he °filtered could
tyslate fat the King of Spain. The Deputies declared that
could fag adoct a distinction not embraced In the overtures
to their Goveriment. They suspected that there existed an
to draw out the negociatiems to en excessive length, or to
pretence toe breaking them off.
tern prescribed by the President of the Hayti approached,
on the auto of July, the Deputies wrote to 51. Es-
get or. the subject, and he in return proposed an interview he-
., die Envoys and the Ministtr of Marine and Colonies, which
asce on the 31st July.
the 31a:quis de Clermont Tonnerre, opened the
- by saying that he had invited the Deputies tothe inter_
;-;,:ere t:em the royal ordonnance •• which sanctioned
,once or llayti as they desired, and in which hie Ma.
reserved to himself the external Sovereignty"—(Li
thit.: ern., icarr).
it Deputies expressed their astonishment at this reservation
mentioned for the first time. and declared its utter inadniia_
itv in strung language. His Excellency then adverted to the
Mon as to the rest of the island, and received the same answer
cad been given to M. Estitangart.
His Excellency then proposed that one of the Deputies should
ere to Ilavid to lay the difficulties before the l'resident, the
v remaining in Fritter. This they declined to accede to.
Esmangart then broke off* the tresty, bf a note in these
dated August 3 :
fie Government, after the conference you have had with the
rater of the 31missy, ha. decided that. for wart of sufficient
vested in you to accept the conditions established iii the
Ordonnsuce, will, which you have been made acquainted,
get iation cannot proceed."
Demmics accordingly left France on the 111th August.
.r is a great appearance of want of good faith in France
the whole progress of the negotiation. The Minister of
aueuipted to persuade die Deputies that the reservation to
of the nonimal sovereignty, world be for the interest of
as France would then lie engaged to defend her against all
miacks. The Deputies said that, without asaumiag any
r, they might assert that Hayti could defend itself.

GERMAN PAPERS.

BFILIN, Dte. 22.
, of exchange in London has fallen within a few
7 dollars 6 groschen to 6. 18. which is certainly a con.
,Icrence, especially when we find, that on the 7th of
r, die exchange on Berlin was in London 7. 10. This
considered as an indication that the balance of trade be.
the two countries is in favour of Prussia, a very rare case,
'r, in the history of commerce, but for which probable
may be assigned. Among them are, lit. The permission
)erman cloths in England for exportation to other parts of
Many English houses have made speculations of this
it 0. last fair at Frankfurt, purchased large quantities of
2dly. The reduction of the import duty on (ter.
Mil has greatly increased the importation of that
The temporary imptirtatiats of oats. 4ffily. The
it colonial produce has been for some years inl-
and more front the colonies themselves, than through
a of England.
circumstances alone are sufficient to make it probable,
balance is at present in favour of Prussia. To this must
Wed, that many bonds of the first and second loans contracted
'neon (which, during the French campaign in Spain, were
it by English monied men to the Continent, and sold at very
ices), arc UJW sent to London for sale, or purchased here for
ash account. As the exchange now is, this operation affords,
;cat deducendir, 3or 4 per cent. profit, which is certainly very
as the whole may he completed in a month. This, how.
s of course last only for a short time, as the amount of the
if the English loan in the hands of speculators will pro.
won find the way to England, and other Prussian paper is
'rketabk commodity in London. Should, therefore, the
on London at Berlin continue so much lower than Oa, on
Landon, this would he the most infallible proof that
!xported more to England than England to Prussia.

I.IrERPOOL, TnrstsoAy EVLNING, JAN. la.

Wind IV.S.W.-1 I igh Water.
iced the James Watt, from Glasgow; Concord, from
k ; Glasgow, from Glasgow ; Thomas, from Wa-
; Manning, from Monte Video, sailed a few days
the packet ; an.l Rosins, from Alexandria, &c.
. brigs off at half-past four.
Ir. Mathews is "At Home" here. He performed his
to Artterica on Tuesday last to an overflowing house,
repeats it to-nipht ; not a seat in the boxes is tr.he
0.1 t3aturdsy he amuses his friends in Manama' r,
rTert says he will return to give us two performances
e, k. His entertainment was received on Tuesday
great applause. Many Americans were in
born-, who seemed highly delighted at Mr. Mathews's
but good-natured pictures of the peculiarities and
of their countrymen.

slitrPi NG INTELLIGENCE.

CUSTOM-HOUSE, Jaw. 13.
:aro ixtranws —lris. 'Wood, from St. Michael's; Vicr
hers, Nieuwlatid, from NVorcum ; Jonge Jan Borerkrimp,
ditto ; Stratton, Drake, from Stank:tate Creel ; Duke of
Aiwoon, Rattan, from Dover.
•>T[/an OUTWANDS.—Ann, Whitmore, for Sierra Leone;
Ade b for Waterford ; Three Sisters, Jones, for ditto ;
Rosman, fur Cork • Waterford, Hodge, for Dublin;
Davidson, Williams, for Rio Janeim and Jamaica.
.lAItED OVTRAIDS FINALLY AT UMIAVINENT, JAW. It
Mot. Juhason„ for Bombay ; Duke of Wellington, !Sutler,
St. ; Rosalind, Antrmn, for Vera Cruz, Alvarado,'
Tampico ; Marquis of Anglesea, Read, for Jamaica ; Eden, ,
;son, for Demerara.
taittiru Ottrivaans.--Rklley. Blair, for the Cape of Goad
Lion, Slennan, for New Orleans ; Amelia, Buller, for
Afieona, Cubitt, fur Valparaiso, Tarragona, Barcelona,
; Camden. Billinghunt, for Antipia ; Albion,
richt:. for Smyrna, Conatruitinople, anti Algiers ; Vrouw
litatun, for Rotterdam and Amsterdam ; Ilindostan,
istnh, tor liarannah.

.~
:~...~~

I
~ 1,. ripel .1:i
.itannit Palace c
of the inslepetii
the following
en in the Fren
ion. and the c
he Pygmies lan
ti.,l the wid.lle o
: the questions
umary indetuni
fee::ne of the II
c been nearly set
, owed by liar
. (d to expect; h
. eqaerce.
{'bees both pantie
tor the first tinii
-1 heretofore to:
stipulate for the
-,.' not adoo
,te ;,.:!......r Borer
tout to draw ou
some I:feu:nee to
n1e1.1,11 prescrib
on the -A4.li and
get oftlic subj.
mu !lie 1,71e0y1.1111
place on the 31
The Minister., tt:
Greece by saying
to isy beiore t:
e independence or
ty only rtserved
rfeset.: exit, it's
The Deputies ex
mentioned for
ility in strong lac
:lon as to the re
bad been given to
His Excellency tl..
en to ilayiti t,
her retraining in I
M. Eamon :rat tl
• -tt. dated Augu:
" The Governme
icister of the 31
were rested in 3
• a: Ordonnatice,
negtvistion ton
The Depu:ics aim
There is a great
gh the whole
twine attempted t
o of the non):
ti, as France WI
n . attacks. Tt
erity, they might
(
The course of el
the from 7 dollat
erable difference,
- mber, the exch
as: be considered
een the two counts
nattily, in the hi
ounds may be alai,
bond German clot
e world. Many I
nd, and a: the last
ussian cloths. 2d
an wets'. which It
.iele. 3,11 y. The
cumstare: that en.
lied more and MO
e medium of Eng'
These eirculllNtatil
t the balance is al
I added. that many
London (which, I
t out by English
w prices), are slow
nglish account. ..
.dactie dedufefedir,
ding. as the shot
a, can of course
..ds of the Englial
• bly soon rind the
t a marketabk co
change on Londot
s-rlin a: London, 1
russia exported nso
1 I.IITRPOC
Wil
Arrived the Jar
nierick • Clegg
ord ; Slannin
fore the packet
Six brigs oft' at
Mr. !Mathews i
rip to Asterica I
d repeats it to-
d. 0.1 :3.ittirdm
:d rcport says In
xt we,,k. II is
enin,,, with gre:
e bout-, who el
mirth but good-
etnlricilit:s of th
SHLPA
CU
ENTERED INIVI
i data, Nieuwl
• ditto ; Straw
eilinitton, }fatten
ENTERED ()UV
(kite 1., fur I
- Bowman, f
cy Dlvidson, W
CLEARED OVER
my. Johnson,
St. :itiehael's : I
Tampico : 3lar
best, for Denser
CLEARING ()VT
Lon, Steel
it ; Afteon a, C
d 31.stsciilm ; C
cliff:. for Sens
