soot had troild against
liar degree of * dour hitt
t Honourable, ';
1 b-en tat: by
ich he ente;ra' . that :t
o the!country I.v is re-
1e prosperity of *pot i
re Trade; and, "•esfore,
that 'place, h e el no,
ever, as had beta 'acct;.
tn., the abolition 4
to Make a short scat Li
Liverpool forinerl had
hiag hamlet, and by this
wealth and eornmerc the
This wag one good rc son
lie trade, is by now tot lag
hat wealth would be de-
mur**, which he awaht
..ord °omit... hist (Lewd
theilibt ShoUld be taw
sideratiest, was; that Liver.
a-of the present hilluisto;
n than *rep Million.' sot-,
netts of cooaer', by the
nited frqm her immense
,is contributien, what had
Right Honourable Gen. • \
or/ they hod introduces'
hich every person knelt,'
is-service to their traded;
to bring forward a mea-
unner of a total abolition.
us war continued; in that
creased ; and was it *wise,
ition, that we should cut
.of-eur wealth ; the cone..
the dilemma a! entering
:e. or of having a total de-
icing from commerce ; and
it was accessary for the r
e this subjeAminutely, as.
r did not afford the quota
erty mast be resorted to.
that he had bee*
s. if this vote sot Farber,
that compensation would
keened in the trade; this
efttwd; as, for a consider- ,
had been carried no with
loos! ; iu consequence of
uses had been built, which
lost. This argument, ha
, the revenue would be low
measrre, and the parties
be public purse for com-
lared, that though he was
resolution, he would not
Nonce oet it ; and con-
it was :tdtpted, it would
;y misfortunes and Bank-
i would also induce many
ale to America.

, it was certainly in the
leman's constituents to pe-
ielpensatien "for the losses
the abortioa cf this trade.;
d not o ish to give any part
urpo.e, no would he con-
ken out of the public purse,
the merchants, that they-
nst th. wills of-the country
o:1 apinst allowing them
it could not be ascertained
ificiAl to Liverpool or not ;
had been. brought in for
rave, thechad uniformly
an as an entire abolition.
inuwledged that it bad a
h re,pea to the principle
on who proposedthe aboli-
hat side of the 1-louse he
riend. He thought, how-
in 1792 was decisive; and
ity of the House, it should
before th;s. He was ea-
t another resolution should
ime, nearly, as the former.
ut the Honse having any
be followed up with any
,S the more surprised at
ig, as his Right Honour-
ed himself still en advo-
e abolition, and he, for
that the latter mode had
igument used by his Right
aging in a Bill, was, that the
vanced, and that though it
I sae House, ye: it was pro-
sot be a sufficiency of dm,
sed in the other; but, he
ie would not be the same
sed in discussing a Bill, as
resolution ? the B .! might
that it was pradicable
,ion, he, for his part, wee:d
brought in.
.Gtl Agreed with the Hon.
a, that it was better, and he
ore consistent with the prin-
rntleman had always eitter-
il, even at this late period
ioceed on this indefinite reso-
, he was at a less to know
tun it. He could not con.
formerly come to a recolit-
:in& wig; the Right Hon.
come forward with one is.
e ; so much so, that though
Right Honourable Gen-
on the eabjetit, still he
little alteration in the
be brought to agree to it.
se good sense of the Houi.c.
onsidered much more thurs
tnt a subjeft, to send to the
e grand oppesitien Was se-
dition of the trade, a resole-
be understood, and which
jefied ? or. thii ground.
Duld be nothint worse inns-
tg forward this proposition.
adverted to the length of
had been discussed in the
aid, been present when it way
,d, he thought it probable that
business be would have ye-ea

$

for the airo:ition ; bifl hoeing all•° the arguments be.
fore him which had been adduced, he was com-
pelled to vote against it. Toe Noble Lord then
adverted to a notice which had be given for this
night by an 1-Inn. Gentleman ( dr. IVilberforcv),
to petition His Majesty to enter into negociarions
with Foreign Powers, for the purpose of having a
general Abolition of the Slave Trade. If the to-
reign Powers would declare themselves ready to
cescur io the abolition of the trade, he would say
that it stood on the most fallacious grounds; and
that if all governments in the world would .agree
to abolish it. the commerce would go on in defiance
of the States. But it was absurd to attempt such
an experiment; did the Hon. Gentleman think,
that Spain, Portugal, or the Person who was at
the head of the French Government, would agree
to such a ptvositiorti Ile could out suppose
he alai Indeed, he wA himself convinced, that
they would laugh at the i tea. With respeft to the
idea of namlug a time when this trade should be
abolished, he thottgbt it, • et: an immediate aboli-
tion. most improper .at could he adopted, as it
vole ed impo•ence of Parliament to pro-
tit tra' once Th. plan *hid' ought to
t was to place an encreasing
.uch as would at the same time
,cieut encouragement to smug-
! .'ianters find, that it was more their
dans, if he might be allowed the
• Africa. He

k import them from —a.
eeten, that the Hoe. Gentleman
oi .7 good in communicating with
e- unless it would be of service to
• tterests ; and, therefore, if the Hon.
.shed to make progress in his measure
:o • ,he should endeavour to find out some
s w. ich would make it agreeable to the Plant-
es. • :he Noble Lord then concluded by saying,
Ow tee present motion was estvise, and that if the
lbeht Hon. Centlernan meant to abolish the Slave
Trade, his Resolution should have been more de-
Smite.
TIC SOLICITOR-GENERAL rose to give his
*swat to the present motion, not became he thought
it the best that could have been proposed, because
he would much rather have beard a motion for
aeSeeto br;og is a Bill ; but because he thought it
'Wt. very east, when this motion should be agreed to,
thee te bring in the Bill. tho reason the Noble
Lord had given for opposing the present motion,
wis, that it was vague and indefinite ;. he, for his
pars, did not deal ts could be considered so, as it
stated that the house wou4 pith all convenient
weed, toecrod In omit manner as was most
advisable Ile would not, he said, go into the prin-
ciple ot ir Bill at preseat, but he conceived diet?.
was neelone could be urged against the abolition,
bus arguments which had been already refuted.
His sole to or • for speae:ng, was on account f
fhb Itihitmani•y and injustice 4 the trade, which
was *scandal to the tummy, and which could not he
defended by any weed arguments. It had been said,
dist tb- to, mer resolution had not been followed
1.1.1 hot in oesiver to assertion, he would remind
the House, t: at abcetg years sirce a Bill was pas.ed
through the Commas, but ate rwerds lost in the
Leeds, and that last year this Bill had been brenght
ingot V 0,1% thrown out at a time when the House
was enteelingly thin. There were circumstances
ohm orettrringoinder which both nations and indivi-
duals would do wrong, because they had not courage
enough to inquire into them!. but, in this case, the
iaquiry had been made; the enormities which bad
been committed, were ascertained by the Committee,
who found that the trade could not be carried on,
but by murder, and a long catalogue of the most
torrid crimes; bat, instead of at once remedying
tine evil, nothing had been done s and 360,000 inde
eh:ldols more were torn from their native country,
end from the bosom of their families, and carried to
our p;lntations in the West Indies, where the most
horridiniquities andpueltite were practised on them.
An Honourable General had talked much of the
demand which ire merchants of Liverpool intended
totentate for coinpensetion ; he certainly could not
sec how such a demand could be foaniied ; but,
e:ote if it were, he would ask, ahether the
d-his oC S ,-laid wet eto be paid with the blood of
Africa? With 'espy& to what the Noble Lo-d had
said relative to /Laving such a measure irotiutted.
kith the coreurrenec of the Gentlemen concerned
in the Weir Indies, he need only, he thought, refer
the Nolile Lord to the Pepe,' on the Table, on this
:IN -co and then ask him, whether he thought it
was probable, that they would ever concur in any
measure which was likely to produce an abolition?
The Right Honourable Gentleman then apologized
to the House. for takiag up so much time, and con-
chided by giving his assent to the motion.
General GASCOYNE said, that with respell to
the abolition of the Slave Trade, 'unless :he House
Ji t something effe."..ual, they would do a great deal
of it, schief ; for the subject would now be stirred
afresh ; it wouldgo abroad, and be talked of in other
places ; it would be agitated with warmth in the
Coeinies, where it would rouse feelings that had in
a great measure subsided. raise expectations that
would bedisappointed, and, in feet, prove pregnant
with mere injutions consequences than many gen-
tlemen sunk well conceive. He was well assured
it wouli prove highly injurious to our commercial
interest, in the Colonies; and he wished to be
informed, if there ever was a period, in our His-
tory. in which our Colonial Trade had been in
greater d 'tiger than it is at the present moment ?
/tut the Meese had been told, it must give some
opinion on the subject; and the resolution said, the
Slave Trade was contrary to every principle of just
lice. h Insanity, and soaad pnlucy. As to the
questioo of justice, he could by no means acquiesce
in it ; but while we were so strenuous in favour of
justice to the Africans, we should not lose sight of
it towards one another; and it was not at all clear,
is his mind. that it wasjust in the Mother Country to
treat the Colonies in the way she had done, by first
giving legislative encouragement to the traffic in
caesuon, and afterwards, when large properies had
teen embarked in it. endeavouring thus t.' put a
prop to it. and thereby involve in beggary end ruin,
• -hose who had riak•O their :woperte, and thereby
added greatly to the wealth, prosperity, and ag-
grandisement of the whole empire. He could not
I.elp expressing his great sum ise at what bad been
said by a Rt. Hon and Learned Gentleman (the boi-
-1 cimi.General) Who had introduced degre- oiw.at mth
Mk *ad violence of Untrue*. that nielit.which had not

been hesad in the Reuse for many yeais ; had re•
'welted to the expressions originally used on the stab-
ject, of rapine, robbery, and murder ; and he won-
dered, as he had taken up the matter so warmly,
that he had not also mentioned the•craelties of the
middle passage, the murder by Capt. Kivaber,
which had been all proved since to be fabrications
and fictions, but which had been used with con-

sidcrable effect in the outset of the business. As :o
the trade itself, he could prove, it had been sancti-
oned by the authority of the wisest and most pious
legislators. If he was mistaken, his pious friend
near him could set him right. He then quoted the
28th Chapter of Leviticus, out of which he read
the 44th, 46th, and 46th ve:ses, as follows :
Both thy bondmen and thy bond-maids which
thou shalt have, shalt be of the heathen that are
round about you ; of them shall ye buy bond-men,
and bond-maids.
Moreover, of the children of the strangers that
do sojourn among you, of them shall ye buy, and
of their families that ere with you, which they begat
in your land, and they shall be your possession.
And ye shall take them as an inheritance for
your ehildren after you, to inherit them for a pos-
session ; they shall be your bondmen for ever.
The above clearly proved, that slavery has, from
the earliest times, been countenanced and authorised
by religion itself. It was equally certain, it had been
encouraged at various periods, during and since
the reign of Elizabeth. As to the doctrine of the'Rt.
Hon. and Learned Gent. respecting indemnity,
he did not know where be had learnad it ; but, in
that House, whenever, in the various discussions
which had taken place, the subject of indemnity had
been mentioned, it had never been denied, that the
Merchants of Liverpool, and the Planters in the Co-
lonies also, were all entitled to it. Would the House
say, that the justice they would extend to the Africans,
they would refuse us their own, Countrymen. He
would repeat what he had said on a former occasion,
with the same qualification. If we bad new Colonies
to cultivate, and he was asked his opinion, in respect
to encouraging the Slave Trade, he would certainly
advise it; and why because our commerce has
derived such immense sources of wealth and pros-
perity from it, as nod proved a great mean of rats-
' ing the country to its present state of aggrandise-
ment and magnificence. and enabled us to contend
with our enemies.—Would any man say Europeans
could cultivate the colonies t Look at the melan-
choly tavages made in our armies when sent over to
the eoletnievited stithout having
any hard labour to per;-orm, the effiets of a burning
sun, and a continued sultry climate, were such, as
to sweep away more than one half in the course of
the first yea.- they arrived there. Ha thought
pledging the louse now to renew • measure which
had so lon4 dormant, could do no good, and
might effeel much mischief, and be should there-
fore vote against the Motion.
Mr. WILBERFtACE in some measure rebuked
the Honourable Merither who spoke last, for having
spoken with levity if religion, which. however it
might in somelplacee appear, under particular
cornsiances, to countenance bondrnlth it WIN well
known, that the purity at its nr inciples threnghout,
warmly recommeneed, and atienely enibree-..1 that
divine and moral mains of "Do as you would be
done by." and which, if duly attended to, would
most effeltually overturn every substance and
• every shadow of argument in favour of the African
Slave Trade. With regard to the general question,
he congratulated the House and himself, that his
Noble Friend had so fully and unequivocally avow-
ed, that he abhorred the principle of the trade as
much as himself, or any one in that House ; he was,
however, afraid, that many Gentlemen in that House
were not of the same opinion as his Noble Friend
on that point ; for those who had been loudest in
cheering him, had been the uniform opposers of
the Abolition of the Slave Trade ; and by cheer-
ing his Noble Friend, they had shown that they
thought they knew hint better than he did himself :
they said, "Aye, aye, we hear you say you abhor the
principle, and are an enemy to the thing itself ; but
we see, by your argument, that you are, in fall, a
friend to it." Ills Noble Friend had asserted, that
• much mischief had been done by the wrong method
that had been adopted. If, however, he had erred,
it had been in common with those who st iod as
high authority in the country. He had aged along
with the present First Lord of His Majesty's Trea-
sury—with the late much-to-be-lamented Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer—with his Right Hon.
Friend, who brought forward the present motion,
and with many others of the first respeaability and
talents. If. however, his Noble Friend hid not
said he had particularly attended to the subject, he
should have thought this was an exception to his
general knowledge, for he had passed over all the
principal points which had at any time been held of
consequence, and on those he had touched, he could
not but very widely differ with him in opinion. He
did so, particularly, in the argniesent-tirditties, by
way of effeztaing an Abolition ; for it could nut be
denied, he thought. that it must be much more diffi-
cult to smuggle slaves, than other commodities.
All other articles of trade, were passive instruments,
which we bar: only to collect together, and it we
could pass the officers of customs with them, they
would, of themselves, give us no annoyance, or ob-
struction; but those unfortunate slaves, however
debased and degraded they might be in the eyes of
many persons. still bore so much of the stamp of
human nature about them, that you could not pass
the officers with them, nor you could not elude the
Customhouse regulations in any way, without being
liable to their personal opposition to your intention.
As to the concurrence of the Colonies, that had been
proved to be utterly unattainable. His Noble Friend
had said, that as the House had ant, 'ince 1792,
proceeded on the resolutions it then came to nn the
subject, it was a kind of argument, that they thought
there was something impracticable in itt he thought,
therefore, the House ought to be obliged to his Right
Honourable Friend, for bringing forward the present
resolution, and thereby enabling them to do away
e.ttly in the next session, that clisgraoe, which now
attached to them, from so long a delay. As to the
plan, he could have wished a 131 i: to have been im-
mediately brought in fur the Abolition ; but his
Right H nourable Friend had most forcibly shewn,
that iritild not be done, at so late a period of the
Session ; as there would notibe time for the Lords to
consider the Bill with that mature deliberation
which the obit:3 required. His Noble Friad was.

--

•
• e.
however, Miseallreii,• when lie said the Bill of Tan
year was negatived by the. Lords—it was only laid
aside, because there was nontime toi a full conside.t a-
tien of it. He hoped, therefore, the present reso-
lution would pass, to chew diet :ho House ate Sc-.
termined to take up the el:legion early is the next
Session, and evince to the world that they will, as
speedily as possible, abolish a tragic which ,they
have so repeatedly declared to be abominable in its
principle, its nature, and conseguerwes.
Sir W. YOUNG thought this resolution might
tend to raise hopes and expeSlatians which might
have a very mischievous tendency. Ile would
rasher wish the subjea had been taken up by a Bill ;
in which case, all the merits of the question might
have been discussed in that House, and then sent
to the Lords for their consideration. If, however,
this resolution had been propose.), at the beginning
of a Session, he would not have objeeted to it, be-
cause it-might have been followed by a Bill before
the close of it ; but now so near toe close, and
when they might not, on separating, meet again
before January, a resolution of this kind would be •
agitated in the colonies, and might produrf much
mischief among the Negroes. He should, there-
fore, oppose the motion.
Lord H. PETTY said, he would certainly have
given the preference to a Bill for the immediate
abolition of this abominable traffic ; but it had been
most eloquently and forcibly shewn by his Right
Honourable Friend; that the lateness of the *es-
sicn would not allow the practicability of: such
a measure. What, then, had his Right Hon. Friend
done %—After the longest deliberation that, he be-
lieved, had ever been given to a resolution of
that, or any other Legislature in the world—
after a resolution of that House passed in 1792,
that this abominable traffic should be abolished in
1800, his Right Hun. Friend, in 1806, a period of
fourteen years, calls en the House to agree with
him in a resolution, the object of which is to re-
nines from the House that degree of shame and
irsgrace, which they have so long laboured under,
from as: apparent dereliaion of a resolution so so-
lemnly passed, and a pledge sr seriously given, oa
a subjea of such vast imOurtence, after the most
Mature deliberation, and most ample discussions.
The Noble Lord, by his argument, seemed fo think
this resolution must be sent, to the other House,
and that there would be. imitating indecorous in
so doing; he could not, however, see it at al. in
that light. What right had the Noble Lord. WO-
what reason had the House to suppose or believe
that the other House would differ with them on the
general principle of this measure ? He denied the
House bad any fair and reasonable ground to sup-
pose so-nall they had done to shew their opinion,
was, they had thrown out a Bill which was sent to
them on the sullied, not from any consideratioh or
discussion of its principle or merits, but because
it was too late in the Session to give it due attention
and deliberation.—For this rea,son the present reso-
lution is now laid before the House, and will be
communicated to the other House ; and it will be
open to them, when this matter comes before them
ih a general shape, to give their opinion fully and
fairly otethe subject. Asto the general subjea, his
own private opinion certattill at -Corded strictly with
the words of the resolution, and lie thought the trade
contrary to every principle of justice, humanity,
and sound policy, so far as sound policy could be
connedled with a matter of this nature. The
trade commenced in Africa, and after spreading
a variety of vices there, in order to effed the rob-
bery of persons who are the objeas of its pursuit,
it proceeds with cruelty, to the misery and destruc-
tion of the pieces where it is carried on, and fre-
quently to the desolation of those who procure those
Negroes. Besides these horrible effeas. it is attend-
ed with the mischief to the British sailors of a waste
of lite, exceeding double and treble the number of
those who die in any other employment in which
they ate engaged, which not untrequently amounts 1
to one-sixth of the whole ship's company in a voy-
age; and it also produced the worst of all moral
effeas among the planters, and those who were un-
der the necessity of using slaves in the West Indies.
These, he said, were the considerations he felt
on the subjea ; and he believed they were the
same which operated on die House, in 1791. ten
come to the resolution they then did. Whet had
since happened to change that opinion ? Every
instance had shewn that encourartemeet and mitiga-
ted labour, had made the Negroes productive and
useful f—shey had encreased in population ; —we
had made of them soldiers, and non-commissioned
officers ; and having done so for our own interests—
having made them defenders of the country, against
the common enemy, for our interests, why should
we not do something for their's? It had been proved
that population might be kept up without further
importations, nothing could prevent it, hut the extre-
mity of vice and merry which prevail in the West
Indies, which keep down the charity of life, and
which the House are silently continuing during the
present session. The present resolution would lay,
the foundation! for proceeding in the business
early in the next session, which he thought not only
desirable, but absolutely necessary for the honour
and charaaer of that House, and as such it had his
most cordial support.
Mr. ROSE said, as far as regarded the question
of the Abolition of the Slave Trade, his opinion
was still Consistent with that which he had on all
occasions expressed ; and it was not altered with re.
speak to the season and manner in which the question
was brought before the House, as he considered this
not less cbjeaionaele than any hitherto proposed.
He had long ago stared his opinion of the manner
in which the great and humane ohjea could alone
be attained : it was, that a progressive duty should
he imposed upon the importation of slaves into
the West Indies, until at law it should amount
to such an impost as would prays an absolute
prohibition of the traffic, and that the bounty
should not be a source of emolument to the
State, bet be paid to the minhers of slaves
born in the islands, until they had borne a
certain number, when they should she considered
free. He did not think the West India Planters
bad had fair play; they had been goaded by the
Hon. Gentleman who had for years astir sted the
question in that House, with the requi ezion of a
total and immediate abolitints, or nothing at all.
To the charge of a Right Han. Gentleman, that
the trade was aaystern of rapine, bloodshed, and
mu-ter, he would unit tat. that be had read

h

4

ere t tittle et the treidenne ealli4ed on the inkjet%
Ind iv.. at elms tr. form 'tor: is . •1i • re
measure ; that evidence wsaciogire4 wit.• son e
founded rela•inn4. particeliarle sae 'tor of a s'ip
int.;ei the command of himiral Nu ,• nt hay ng
lost SO ont of a cargo of stains, tram Lair being
made t•i walk tire troaril,"eite which there was not
a sylia •1•• of truth: • He was n •t becoming the de-
fender of what was p'ractieed towards the slaves; •
uedoun•rdie.• math war indefens".!.. Ili; Objec •
tion to the present -proposition, was, unit it was in- 4
definite an d vague, ind he thought it would be
putting the House of Lords in a situation in which
they ought not to be placed io ask of them ta comic
mit themselves to a measure so 1-ie.-retie :14 to its ul-
timate objea. He had argued at oust tisen•ealisisitt
of the trade, because it won't! be depriving the
country of a great source of revenue, amoteting to
two or three millions, at an inconvenient time. and
because the American trade in slaves would in-
crease exactly in the proportion that nur's decreased.
He had been misrepresented out of doors, waste
stated to have said, that by carrying a few
slaves, our merchantmen cow-Grimed to- the laws
of Spain, and got articles into the Spanish
colonies, which they otherwise could not
What be had said was, that the .Spanish Go-
vernors of provinces, covered themselves under dm: is.
circumstance of a few slaves being na board net
ships. and permitted the sale of our nrinnfacrafee.
The average of one handied and eighteen *argot"
was only seven from Great Bi ; and he thotatten
by abolishing that limited tr. r-'t of staves, we shodtat I
do more injury to our commerce, than could be cease. ••
pensated by the advantages calculated upon-
,4.
alarm was not so much as to tae abolition of the •'
trade, as that tie object of Gentlemen win to the
emancipation of slaves. What had fallen from a
Noble Lord (Petty) to-night, induced this appre-
hension, as a ell at what a Right Honourable Secre-
tary (Mr. Windham) had lately implied, in speaking •
on the subject of limited service, when he said, that
there Wa i no fear of finding recruits for the colonies, ,
if the Slave Trade was abolished. He thought with
the Right Honourable Gentleman, that theeoloaies
might be well defended with the natii* troops, •
enlisted for life, as the island of Dominic:a had ex- •
emplified in three instances in which it had bens at-
tacked • bet not so if the met were to be tensed
adriftekter a.certttin period. It was his misfottone
• to•dieastee _with his lamented Friend (Mr. Pitt) on
.)
, the subyea of this trade ; as I hi, opinion oath tea- .-
spea to it was so firmly rooted, that he believed it
would die with him. Its sudden and entire about..
ti xt he was satisfied would be attended with d*
worst_ consequences, and even be the occailse
of -moth bloodshed in our islands. He thowillt •,
the West India Planters had a claim apoo Par.
liament, that their property should be proteeed.
instead of being subje%ed to the inroads of
90 consequential .a measure as, the sudden alma
lition of the Slave Trade 'would prove.----Je
The mortality which a Noble Lord (Petty) ha&
spoken of. he was sure he would, en due examina-
tion, find incoriea. The treatment which the
slaves experienced was always exaggerated in a
'umber of pamphlets which were circulated on the
410 e-of ► Perhaseseataty disevolsaa. Unless the
House abed in concert with the colonies, the mat-
' we, he was convinced. would never prove afFecs
4datil ; mai although the resolution would not have
any opposition from him, he could not but wish,
that the colonial interest had been associated, as is
the end they must be, in so important an ender-
••taking.
Lord H. PET CY, in explanation, said, that he •
had not so wild an objea in view, as the issuing of
a Proclamation immediately after the panting of
this resolution,for granting Leedom to all Negroes
in cur West India Islands, as the Right Hon. sea.
tieman (Mr. Rose) seemed to apprehend • but if
by gradual progress the slaves could be led on to
a fit state for freedom, he was certainly an *deo..
cate for that object.
Mr. WILBERFORCE and Mr. ROSE mu-
tually explained.
Mr: BARHAM said, he corsidered it to he the
fault of those by whom this question had been be-
fore introduced, that the Slave Trade was not ere
this entirely abolished. Han 4 hi hand with the
proposition for the measure, should be the assur-
ance to those who would be affected by it. that every
claim of compensation would be attended to, and

- ,
that it was ins object intended to be erected at the
exp nee of the country, and not of individnals. It
would be in vain to look to the accomplishment of
the object, unless this course was adopted, as not
all the navy of England could prevent the land-
ing of contraband cargoes by the planters of
the islands, in case the traffic should be prohibited by
the English Parliament. He was ea advocate for
the aboiition of the trade, by rendering slaves caps.
ble of the enjoyment of freedom; but he entertained
faint hopes of else accomplishment of that end, as na
means could be at present deviled to induce fret
' labour ; no reward seat a sufficient stimulus to the
voluntary exertion of the Negro, as he bad no wants
in a country, when the labour of a week would sup-
ply the wants of a rear. For forty or fifty years,
nothing had been omitted in the colonies to count.-
rug the decrease of slaves ,beiuddevh, but, in some,
there was no instance of a laving. been born,
for a very considerable iserind, li the ameliltation
of their condition could be such as to prevent this
decrease. it would be a most desirable objea, and
would go far t..) obviate the necessity of the continu-
ance of the trade.
Sir J. NEWPORT said, he wchild restore to
assert, that woatever difference of opinion Wight
exist in this country, the general accordar.t testi.
ment of the people of lrehad was sacesgly in taartenif
of the ' -of the slave trade. &f great was
etestation of that abominable traffic, that when
set of commercial gentlemen lately pn..pnted, in a
ttsaritime district, a participation in the wealth de-
duced from our West India trade, the reply was,
that sooner than he parties to the rapine, rebhery,
and bloodshed, lien stained our intercourse with that
quartet of the glebe, they would forego the pecerniary
advantage, however great. One remedy proposed in
lieu of this proposition before the House, wis an in-
creasing duty on the iresthrtation of slaves it.to the
colonies; but, lts it was said they would be imp...tired
in defiance of our navy, the increasing duty would
only become an frereasirg premium on contraband
trafsc. The Hon. Baronet, on account of the 1eer-
....,. nr the hour_ concluded be esorttamE big "dill

~■
