[From the Doile, dated Saturday, April I]

TRIESTE, MARCH 19.
The packet from Corfu, which has brought us letters of the 7th,
has confirmed the news of the events before Misaolonghi. Ibrahim,
before he commenced the attack, caused the garrison to be sum.
moned, promising to grant it a free retreat, and on the 2llth Feb.
all the inhabitants of Missolonght received the Holy Sacrament.
Their enthusiasm was raised to the highest degree. On the 2d
March, Ibrahim made an attack by sea and land, which was bravely
repulsed by the Greeks. His loss is estimated in some of the
letters at 4009 or APO men.

After this shock almost the whole of the half•disciplined Egyp-
tian troops disbanded themselves, and Ibrahim Pacha returned to
Patras, after having sent his Kiaja Bey into Albania, to enlist more
troops. The Greeks are beside themselves with joy. Another
event has not a little contributed to increase their hopes. Sonic
English vessels coming from Alexandria with cargoes belonging to
the Viceroy, and bound to the Mores, were stopped and visited by
the Greeks, who considered they were Turkish property, and con-
fiscated them. The captain came to complain, and to ask justice
of the Government of the lonian Islands; but they received for
answer, that they were indebted for their misfortune to their own
fault. It should seem, therefore, that the English recognise in the
Greeks the right to visit.

PARIS, 31Ancir 31.
Letters from Vienna, of ''arch 2?, strte that the Emperor's con.
vakscence advances so rapidly that strict regimen is no longer
thought necessary.

The Count de Trastamera, Grandee of Spain, appointed by hie
Catholic Majesty to accompany the Duke de San Carlos, who is
to go to St. Petenburgh, with his Blajesty's compliment, to the
Emperor Nicholls', passed through Bordeaux, on the 27th, and
continued his journey almost immediately.

Letters from Lisbon of 15th Alarch say—" The Queen, who
was said at first to intend to protest against the Regency, has, on
the contrary, recognised it.

" The Regency performs all its acts in the name of Don Pedro.
The vessel which carried to that Prince the news of his father's
death sailed on the WM the eight following days, beginning with
the 13th, the tribunals, and all the public offices, will be shut.
The mourning will be for a year. The King will be interred this
evening, in the Convent of St. Vincent and Fora. Yesterday was
the farewell kissing of hands practised towards our deceased
Kings."

The Journal des Debut: lies, besides the above letter, the fol.
lowing paragraph :

" The Pope's Nun* did not go to compliment the Princess
Regent till the 12th, ihough the Ambassadors and Ministers of the
Foreign Powers observed this ceremony on the 11th, to which the
Nuncio appears to have made, at first, sonic difficulty in conform-
ing.

" Sir W. A'Court is very assiduous about the Princess Isabella
Maria and the hlinister of Foreign Ali:sirs. The Ambassador
exercises a decisive influence over the Regency, notwithstanding
the opposition of the Ambassador of Spain and the Charge d'Af.
faires of France."

Letters from Florence say thtt the Grand Duke had ordered
Colonel Pepe to quit Tuacany, on account of his attack on a
Member of the French legation ; bat that the order hus been re-
voked, at the earnest solicitation of the French Minister, the Mar.
quis de Maisonfort.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, MARCH 31.—Five per Cents., 25f.
95c. ; Three per Cents., tisf. 15e.; Bank Stock, 1,99af.; Rentes de
Naples, 73f.10r.; Rente d'Espegne,Bf.; Royal Spanish Latn,4Bf.:
Exchange on London, one month, 25f. We. ; three ditto, 25f. We.
Coors A 1101(1160C.

We have subjoined a translation of the most important
part of the Address at closing the Session of the States
General at Brussels. The documents which the Govern-
ment has thought fit to withhold are those relative to the
correspondence with the Court of Rome. The States have
been employed in various commercial enactments seem-
ingly anidogous to those in England. "An invariable sys-
tem," it was very sensibly observed, "is a thing impos-
sible in political economy, especially iu what regards the
Custom-hcuse, in which we must necessarily fellow ex-
ternal hyluence."

BRUSSELS, MARCH 27.
The Minister of the Interior the day before yesterday, on putting
an end to the Session of the Statea-Oeneral, pronounced the fol-
lowing discourse in the name of his 111 ajesty :—" The unanimous
agreement between the head of the state and the representatives of
the nation, has been particularly observable in regard to the laws
presented and adopted relative to the nine immediate interests of
the people,—l mean the fiscal laws. The budget, adopted by a
great majority, presented different plans of economy which you
yourselves have particularized. With the examination of this
budget other discussions were connected, which the Government,
ever desirous of availing itself of every information, has atten.
tively entered into. The chief of one of the departments of the
general administration had promised on this occasion the publics.
lion of the documents necessary to throw light on the delicate sub-
jects then agitated. The anticipation and the hope of new circum-
stances. which would render such a publication useless, have in.
duccd Government still to delay this publication. The mall&
cations which have been made in the tariff of import and export
duties, are so many ameliorations called for by an industry which
is continually increasing, and the importance of which you leave per. i

ceived. It is Mos that, by endeavouring to perfect the general sys-
tem of our tiftee, we shall succeed, if not in.fixing it, at least in
placing it on a better foundation ; for irtvariabilily is a thing im-
possible in political economy, especially In what regards the cus-
tont.houss, in width we must necessarily follow external Influence."

We have received files of Barbedoes Papers at a late
hour this morning, to the 11th of .February. We extract
the following remarks from the Colonist, in which journal
there appears two letters, one addressed to Gen. al:Klux,
and the other to the Editor of a Colonial Newspaper, re-
lative to the interference on the part of the authorities in
Demerara with the Liberty of the Press.

BRIDGE-TOWN, FER• 11.
We have received information, which leaves no doubt upon our
minds that the Legislature of Jamaica are now seriously disposed
to accede to the propositions of Earl Bathurst, in spirit, as far as
can be possibly practicable. The threatened infraction of their.
constitutional rights—the meditated interference in their local and
moral customs--the forfeiture of property which hung over them—
and the other dangers of 1821, are considered now to have passed
away. At that time the morbid schemes of their enemies had not
ceased to disseminate their poisonous effects. The minds of the la-
bouring population were unsettled,and on the stretch foe something
which could corroborate the false and imperfect intelligence which
had reached them. Theanti.colonists themselves were in full activity,
and every one expected that the late Session of Parliament would
have burst the storm of malicious inveteracy upon their heads. But
now, all symptoms of insubordination in the lower classes have
ceased—and the tranquility of the country is not likely to be soon
distutbed. The people of Jamaica further state, that Ministers
have shown a marked disposition to preserve and promote their
Interests—commercial and agricultural prosperity again dawn upon
them,—their friends on the other side of time water call loudly for
' the measure,—their enemies now dread it. The time therefore,
they think, is arrived, when without compromising the dignity of
thiLeghilature, or infringing their Constitutional tights, an este-
ration of their internal policy may be safely ventured on, and In
admitting it, they shall have the credit of yielding that to the re-
' moncirances of their friends, which they have ever refused to the
drawn dagger of their foes. The pmniment feature of the present
Session of the Legislature is marked by the introduction of a
Bill for the admission of slave evidence under cerain restrictions.

There has been a smart shock of an earthquake felt at
Trinidad. The remainder of the intelligence in these
papers is destitute of public interest.

Uncommon pains have been taken to excite the most un-
favourable feelings towards the West India Planters, in the
various petitions that have been of late got up with so
much industry against the Slave Trade. One fact that has
all along been strongly insisted upon,' as leading to the
most flagrant denials of justice, is, the rejection of a slave's
testimony in the case of a white freeman. The appeals
that have been made in behalf of all the principles of equity
on this head sound very plausible. It seems very unjust,
at first view, to refuse the evidence of any human being on
the ground of his colour ; and the exclusion may easily be
made, u it has been, to work upon our sympathies, and to
funnel' an endless topic of declamation against the British
Legislature. But the fallacy consists in arguing as if the
same principles applied to the negro population of the Ilrest
Indies as to the population of Great Britain, educated under
an enlightened Government, and where the, laws are admi-
nistered to a free people. Looking, not to the sentimental,
but to the common-sense,view of the rule which rejects the
evidence of slaves, it clearly operates more to their pro-
tection than to their prejudice. Suppose the Master to be
charged with a crime, and that his slave, if called as a wit-
ness, could give evidence that would tend to prove his
guilt. The first attempt of the master, of course, would be
to use his influence, as well as his power, over the slave, to
make him either withhold his evidence or swear falsely in
his behalf. If lie refused to do either, but gave his testi-
mony in open court, and the master should, after all,
chance to be acquitted, what would be the jilleuf the slave?
Suppose two or more slaves to give evidence in any case
against their master, which might go to convict him of the
offence charged, would not the chance be that, in almost
every such case, the master would bi ibe or terrify other of
his slaves to impeach such testimony, and to perjure them-
selves in his behalf? Is it not obvious what a channel would
here be opened for intrigue, and fraud, and villany, among
the worst of the slave population, and what a source
of dismay and suffering to the better order ? It is on
a principle near akin to that we are adverting to, that
our laws do not admit a wife, in criminal cases, to give
evidence either //,r or against her husband: because it
would lay a ground for divisions and quarrels, and expose
her to a vengeance against which, being subjected to the
power of her husband, she could not defend herself. It is
the policy of our law to prevent any persons from being
placed, as witnesses, in a situation in which their interest
may induce them to depart from the truth. Will ally one
say that a slave is not in this situation, or that the interests
of justice, as well as humanity, do not require that he
should be defended from the oppression to which he would
be exposed, were this policy departed from?
The British Parliament is wisely anxious not to inter-
fere with the Colonial system of slavery; and if the local
Legislatures appear in some instances slow in administering
alteratives, it is likely that they see enough in the nature of
the disease to justify great caution in the application of the
remedies.

CITY, SATURDAY EVIZNIXO.

Although there was considerably less real business doing
in the market this morning, than has been transacted for
the last two days; there was, nevertheless, no inactivity, in
the variations of the prices. Consols opened at 794 f,
with every symptom of advance, and much business doing.
They gradually rose to 791, at which price they were about
one o'clock : at this hour, however, they became very heavy,
and in a short time declined to 11.
The hasty movements of Mr. Canninl- n. (luring the last
few days, which were described by the "Court Circular"
with such minute nicety, the narrator confining himself
ahnost to quarters of an hour; and the Right Hon. Secre-
tary's sudden abandonment of his intended domicile at
Bath, to which place he had proceeded to recruit his health
previously to the meeting of Parliament on Wednesday
next, were (circumstances not to be lost sight of by the
Bears, who tortured them into the most improbable anti-
cipations. These movements would, however, have had
but little effect on the market, haul it not been for the ac-
companying fact—Mr. Canning's immediate departure for
Windsor, and his consequently long audience of his Ma-
jesty. Of course rumour was busy, stud a decline in the
prices was the result, which continued throughout the
greater part of the remainder of the day, and was, no
doubt, materially prolonged by the abscuce of all certain
inftirmation on the subject. Towarda the close of the day,
however, a general opinion prevailed among the well-iii-
formed circles in the City and on 'Change, that these
interviews arose out of the contents of the despatches
which arrived at the Foreign-office on Thursday
from St. Petersburglt ; and as the negotiations which have
hitherto taken place in that capital have been conducted
with every disposition to conciliation, and the maintenance
of peace and friendly intercourse with all nations, it was
naturally concluded that these despatches could not be the
harbinger of bad tidings. A slight reaction, therefore,
tool; place, and Consols, which from 79'1 had declined to
79if rose again to 794 g, at which price they closed. Ex-
chequer Bills '29. to 3s. pretnie.m.
As most of the heavy stocks are at this moment shut,
there was little business doing in them, with the exception
of the New 4 per Cents., which closed a shade higher than
the previous day, namely 961 97.
In the Foreign Market there has been a decline in almost
every species of secutity, particularly Mexican, front which
place the Vigilant man-of-war was said toilhave brought
bad news. The Market was, however, thinly attended,
and the absence of some of the largest brokers excited
those present to take advantage of it to effect sal, s, and
otherwise to depress the Market. One of the rumours
stated that the Government of Mexico had refused to ratify
the treaty with this country, and that our representatives
had been treated with great contumely by the Mexican
Authorities. The letters which we have seen front that
quarter are, however, wholly silent on the subject. The
closing price was 664. Ruastan 79j, very little doing, as
also in Colombian, Si. Old Spanish, 101. Greek, 174 B.

GREECE VINDICATED; BY COUNT ALERINO
PALMA.

The ultimate issue of the Greek struggle is a matter of
such deep interest, both as it affects the politics of the Coo,
tinent and the peace of Europe, that a writer, who, like
Count PALMA, is not only deserving of the utmost cur.
fidence himself, but enables us to measure the reliance due
to the chief publications on the affairs of Greece which Iva
are accustomed to refer to as authority, renders a most ac.
ceptable service to the public. The Count, after giving
his own view of the subject, in two letters, addreued to
the CHEVALIER CHARLER TROMPIO, at Paris, proceeds
to examine in detail the statements and opinions pub.
halted by Messrs. Bu:wer, Emerson, Pecchio, Hum,
phreys, Stanhope, Parry, and Blaqiiiere; and be
brings their respective works under review in a man.
ner which spews him to be well qualified for the task,
He does ample justice to Colonel BLAQUIERE, both as to
the truth of his facts and to his zealous and faithful ser,
vices to the Greek cause. His remarks on Colonel SraN.
core's work, and on the proceedings of the Colonel him,
self, as opposed in spirit and in pilicy to Lord Byaox, are
I extremely interesting, whether considered with reference
to that distinguished individu..l, or to their influence oe
the fortune of the cause at the important period to which
they relate. This Vindication of the Greeks brings us sc.
quainted with many curious details, which would never
have been made known through any other channel, and its
critiques afford much valuable information to which we
should not otherwise have had access. Facts are here diu
closed which will enable' the reader to judge of the causes
which have retarded the progress of the Greeks, and but
for which they would ere this have achieved thegreat work
of her delivery from the Mahometan yoke. There has
been no work yet published on the affairs of Greece which
has a greater claim on the public attention.
