BLANDFORD LAWS.

Just published. price le.
jk.LETTER to JAMES JOHN FARQUHARSON,
Eeq. on the subject of the Late MEETING at BLAND.
FORD, DORSET, on the CORN LAWS.

By ARTOPHABOS.
Printed for J. Ridgway, 16D, Piccadilly.
Also, CHEAP CORN BEST for FARMERS, proved in a
Lew to IL H. Sumner, Fag. M.P. for Surrey. By one of his
Constituent.. Price fa. - ' • •
In the EVERY-DAY BOOR, and no where else, with Engrav-
ings of the Animal and his Den, taken on the spot, price 3d.
THE ELEPHANT.—Mr. CROSS'. own AC(*()UNT
of the DEATH of CHUNEE; relating the real cause and
method of the animal's destruction, with authentic facts and parti-
culars hitherto unpublished. is communicated by himself to the
Editor of the " Every-Day Book" exclusively.
Printed tOr W. Hone, 45, Ludgate-hill.

Just published, by Chalmers and Collins, Glasgow, and Geo. B.
Whittaker. London, I2mn. 9s. boards,
THE PHILOSOPHY of RELIGION; or, an Illus-
tration of the Moral laws of the Universe.
By THOMAS DICK,
Author of the " Christian Philosopher."
TILE CHRISTIAN PSALMIST ; or, Hymns. selected and
original. By James Montgomery. Author of " Greenland,"
" Songs of Zion." Jee.....12m0. 3%.; 24m0. 3s. lid. boards.

baDRID(iE'S RISE and PROGRESS of RELIGION,
with an Introductory Essay by Joha Foster. Author of `• Essays
on Decision of Character, ate." 12mo. as.; 24m0. 3s. 6d. boards.

This day is published. in I vol. Bvo, price I2s. boards,
THE BOOK of GENESIS CONSIDERED and
ILLUSTRATED, in a Series of Historical Discourses,
Preached in the Holy Trinity Church, Cheltenham,
By the Rev. FRANCIS CLOSE, A.M. Curate.
Printed for J. Hatchard and Son, Piccadilly ; and Duffield and
Weller, Cheltenham.
Of whom may be had. by the same Author,
NINE SERMONS on the LITURGY, Second Edition 12mo.
fis. boards.

This day is published, in Aro. price 7s. Gd. in boards,
RATIONAL RELIGION EXAMINED; or, Re-
marks on the Pretensions of Unitarianism, especially as
compared with those Systems which professedly discard Reason.
By the Rev. BADEN POWELL, M.A. F.R.S.
Of Oriel College, Oxford.
Printed for C. and J. itivington, St. Paul's Church-yard, Wa-
terloo-place, Pall-mall, and 148, Strand.

This day is published, in one large volume, Eivo. price 12s. 6d. in
boards,

THE ECCLESIASTICAL, HISTORY of the SE-
COND and THIRD CENTURIES. Illustrated from
the Writings of Tertullian.
By JOHN, BISHOP of BRISTOL,
Muter of Christ's College, and Regius Professor of Divinity in the
University of Cambridge.
Cambridge: Sold by Deighton and Sons; and C. and J. Ri.
vington, St. Paul's Church-yard, Waterloo•place, and 148, Strand,
London.

This day is published, price 1..
ADVICE to MOTHERS on the Nursing and Ma-
nagpient of CHILDREN.

.By lir. IN6WEES.
Conduct during the month—(N the Nipples—Letter from a dm.
perate Dyspeptic on the use of Mustard Seed—Rules for preserving
Health in the Decline of Life—Dr. M. Baillie on the Complaints
of the Heed—llesdaches, Apoplexy—On the Treatment of Burns
—Good and bad llousewifery compared--Of Intemperance, and its
effect on the System—On Habitual Costiveness, with Recipes--
Dr. Wilson Philip on Indigestion : his Treatment—Diet and Es.
ereise—of Mastication—The proper kind of Food—Cookery of
Food—Of Drink—The Art of preserving all kinds of Food for
years—On Bread-making—The Duties of a Housemaid—Mr.
Wakley's 'Aiming for theßeform of the College'of Surgeons. &c.
ka &c. Contained in the ORACLE of HEALTH, No. XXXII.
••• Any of the previous Numbers may be now had, having
been reprinted.
Published by J. Bulcock, 163, Strand, and to be had, by order,
of all Booksellers and Newsmen.

On the let of February, price 2s. 6d.
THE HAIIMONICON, No. XXXVIII. containing—
!. The celebrated Stabat Mater, by Pergolesi—il. Bolero,
in the French Opera Leocadie, by Auber-111. Canzonetta,
" Viers qua Dorinda belle," by Sarti (all with P.-forte aceotrpt.)
—1 V. Ballet in Olimpia, by Soontini—V. Divertimento, " The
Post-Rom," by Beethoven—Vl. Amusement, by Oak. (all
arranged for the P.-forte)—Memoir of PergoleeL_On the National
Anthem, "God save the King," with Musical Examples—Goahe
at Weimar—Prize Question in the Netherlands—Funeral Oradea
over Rossini—State of the Opera in Berlin—The Imposter Un.
masked, in a Letter to Dr. Crotch—New French Opera, La Dame
Blanche—Foreign Music Report—Review of New Music (with
copious Extracts)—The Drama, &e. &c.
London Published, price 2.. Btl., by Samuel Leigh, 18, Striuidi
and sold by all Booksellers and Movie. sellers.
Of whom also may be had,
The /IA RMONICON EDITIONS of WEBER'. DER
FRE I SC H UTZ, ABU II ASSAN, and PRECI OSA, price
2s. 6d. each.
No. XXXI. sod XXXII. (each 2s. (Id.) contain the Overture
and First and Second Selections from 11 Crociato in Eight°, com-
prising Fifteen Vocal and Instrumental Pieces.
•,,,* Orders should specify the Harmooieon Editions of the
above, u the price of each is less than one4lath of admonitions.

SUPERB CHASED PLATE,
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS, PICTURES. ROOKS, FIRE
ARMS, AND VALUABLE EFFECTS,
By Mr. WILLIAMS,
At the Auction Mart, Bariholontew lane, THIS and following
Days, at 12.
11IIREE THOUSAND QUNCES of RICHLY-
CHASED and other PLATE, consisting of dishes and
covers, soup and sauce tureens, large and small waiters, an epergne,
a salad stand of the moat excpustae workmanship, candelabra, &c.
a magnificent gilt plateaux, a few plated articles of the best descrip-
Man. a capital 2-day marine chronometer, a valuable gold repeater
by Viner and Co., fine foreign gawk table and bed linen, an '
Indian China dinner service, altnantifnlanaor Winn carved ivory
chess men, a billiard table, a brilliant toned six octave cabinet
piano-forte' a ditto patent pedal harp, by S. Erard, an excellent
mahogany Bath chair, -capital double and single barrelled fowling_
pieces, by Manton, Jackson, &c.; a select library ; among other
valuable works will be found the Statutes at Lat ge, 30 vols.; En.
cyclopedia Britannica, 20 vols. Russia; a fine copy of Hogarth's
Works, folio ; the large plates to Boydell'a Shakspeare, '2 vols.;
Pinkerton's Voyages and Travels, 17 vols., &c. &c. Also the
Works of Pope, Shakspeare, Scott, Dryden, Chalmers, (fold_
smith, Dyer, &c. &c. A choice collection of paintings, of the
Italian, Flemish, French, and English schools, in a fine state of
preservation.
To be viewed, and catalogues may be had at the Mart; and of
Mr. Williams, Tlirogmonon-street.
N. B. ORDER OF SALE.

First day (Wednesday) the rich Chased Plate. Chronometer,
Trinkets, Linen, Musical Instruments, Gloves, Fire Arms, &c.
Second day (Thursday) the Library.
Third day (Friday) the Collection of Paintings.

FOR IMPROVING THE GROWTH OF HAIR.
11 FOX, Hair Cutter to his Royal Highness Prince
OP • Leopold of Saxe Coburg, begs 'leave to recommend to
Ladies and Gentlemen, with a confidence resulting from a long
trial of its superior excellence. his VEOETABLL CREAM, as
the most elegant and efficacious article now in use, for imparting a
delicate softness and luxuriant gloss to the Human Hair, which It
strengthens and preserves. Its surprising property of restoring
Hair on bald places ; preventing its falling oft after Fevers, Sea
Bathing, Travelling, and from other causes; as well as preserving
the Colour and Curl, infallibly render 4 it a desideratum to the
Fashionable World. A single trial will establish its superiority
o►er Oils, or any other article ever made use of for the Hair.
Sold (by the sole Proprietor, at his Ornamental Hair and
Peruke Manufactory, No. 456, Strand, London ; and by most
respectable Perfumers, in Town and Country) in Bottles 3s. 6d.
and 7a.each ; or Seven Bottles, 3s. 6d. size, 11. ls.
N.B.—All others are Counterfeits.

Tr CLARK'S GENERAL OUTFITTING WARE-
• HOUSE, for the EAST and WEST INDIES and
SOUTH A Al ERICA,EXETER CHANGE, STRAND.

Officers, Cadets, Writers going to India, and Gentlemen
eroceeding to South America, or any other part of the Globe, will
and in this Establishment the whole of their Appointments,
Swords, Caps, Sashes, Belts, and Pistol., &c. together with a
large and well-manufactured stock of Sea Cots, Couches, and Bed-
ding: Cabin Wash-hand Tables, Chairs, and Lamps ; Sea Chests,
Mule and Bullock Trunks, and every other description of Travel-
ling Equipage.
An assortment of Canteens, ready fitted with the necessary re-
quisites for India, and other tropical climates: likewise a great
variety of Silver and Plated Articles, Knives and Forks. suitable
for families going abroad, Military and Hindostanee Books
Maps, &c.
A fashionable Stock of Carriage, Curricle, Tandem. Phwton,
Stanhope, and Chaise Harness, with every description of Saddlery,
&c. &c. for home use, East mad West Indies, and South America,
which merit inspection trims their qualify, lirit stile of workman.
ship, and moderate prices.
All the Articles in this Establishment are warranted, and of
eX:ellent plan of fifty years standing is strictly attended to the
*meting but one Ready Motley Price, from which no abatement will
be made.

SUPERIOR FOOD FOR CHILDREN, INVALIDS, AND
OTHERS.

ROBINSON'S PAfiNfiARLEY, for making su-
perior Barley Water in ten minutes, and Patent GROATS,
for making superior Gruel in ten minutes. The Patentee solicits
attention to the following document :
(COl7l/H
" Apothecaries all, London, Feb. 8, 182f1.
" Sir,—l have analyzed your Omits and Barley Powder, which
you, having his .Majesty's Letters Patent for the sole manufacturing
of the same, properly denominate Patent Barley and Patent
Groats,' I have no hesitation in declaring them to be genuine
powders of the finest Barley and Oats I ever saw. I consider it a
public advantage, and of great Importance in the medical world,
that, by your mode of peeparstion, a valuable, fine, mucilaginous
beverage and food may be obtained in a few minutes.
" I have also analyzed some samidea—imitations of your articles
—which are warranted free from adulteration,' these 1 pronounce
to be compositions of different meals, consequently, neither pure
barley water nor oat gruel can be made from them.
" I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
"To Mr. M. Robinson, ",RICHARD CLAzint.
Red Lion-street, Holborn."
The above testimonial, from a gentleman who has already ren-
dered the public much service by exposing various deleterious mix-
tures and adulterations in articles of general consumption, added to
the recommendation of the medical profession, make it unnecessary
for the proprietors to do more than state, that none are genuine
which do not bear the words" Robinson's Patent," the Royal Arms,
and the signature of " Matta. Robinson."
grocers in every town throughout the kingdom ;
Sold retail in papers of Ilb. and canisters of 21b., by most respect..
able it' and
I and oho the placates and manufacturers, Matthias Robin.
son and Co., No. 04, Rod Lisa-street, Holborn, London. •

SLAVERY.
Earl GREY prevented a petition from Sunderland in Durbem,
praying for the abolition of Slavery.
Earl GROSVENOR plesentel a similar petition from the inha-
bitants of Chester. His Lordship said he hoped the Colonise
would attend to the resolutions of Parliament, and to the instruc-
tion' of Government ; but if they held out any longer against Par.
Bement and the country, he hoped their Lordships would take
measures to ensure obedience to their wishes.
The Bishop of CII ESTER said he had been requested to sup.
port the prayer of the petition which the Noble Earl had just pre-
ranted, a duty which he performed with great pleasure; but whilst
he sympathized in the misfortunes of the slaves, and wished a total
abolition of the system, he would leave the details of any museum
for that purpose to the discretion and policy of his Majesty's Mi-
nisters, who he was sure were sincere in their intention to abolish
slavery. The petition had been adopted at a numerous and re-
spectable meeting at Cheater, where the most perfect unanimity
prevailed upon the subject.
The Archbishop of YORK presented similar petitions from
Whitby. and several places in Yorkshire.
The Marquis CAMDEN preseuted a similar petition from •
town in Kent.

The Earl of CA RNARVON presented a similar petition from
Ringwood in Hampshire.
bard SUFFIEGD moved for copies of the judicial proceedings
and records of the Islands of Demerara and Berbice.
Earl BATHURST said it was his intention to lay before their
Lordships copies of all papers relating to judicial proceedings In
the West India Colonies; bat the Noble Lard would And the do-
cument. which he seemed to wish for In the Returns laid before the
other House of Parliament during the last Session. II is Lordship
gave notice of his intention to move for copies of all Correspond-
ence between the Government and the Colonial Legislatures, since
the period of the last Returns.
The Earl of CALED' IN presented a petition from Dundee,
praying for the abolition of Slavery.

CORN LAWS.
Earl GROSVENOR presented a petition from Saddles
worth in the West Riding of York, against any alteration in the
Corn Laws. His Lordship observed that he was not anxious for
any agitation of the subject at present ; but he hoped the subject
would receive full consideration from their Lordships. Ile
thought the more petitions were presented on this subject the
better.

Lord KING said he had a petition to present against the real
dead weight—the Corn Laws. His Lordship observed that
he had had the misfortune to provoke the animadversions of
some Noble horns who differed with him on the subject of the
Corn Laws. It had been objected to him that he had imputed
unworthy motives to those who supported that system; but if
their Lordship would look back to history. they would see what
was the origin of the Corn Laws. In thole dark ages
of legislation, when it was asserted that a one pound note
and a guinea were of equal value, the Corn Laws were
passed, and when a reduction of prices was thought advisable
the landlords objected ; they would prefer an arrangement which
must defraud the public creditor, or a tax upon the public, to
any measure that would curtail their incomes. At that time there
had been an alliance between the Government, the landlords, and
the clergy. The Government wanted high taxes, the landlords
high prices, and the clergy high tithes. Two of the parties were
at present anxious to adhere to the agreement, but he believed the
Government were well disposed to get rid of it, and it
was asked how could the taxes be paid without high prices? His
Lordship thought the Corn Laws a most grievous tax, as it
ill, a direct tax upon the common necessaries of life ; and as
to their being for the benefit of the community it; was quite an
absurdity to assert It. His Lordship then presented a petition from
Dundee. praying for a repeal of the Corn Laws, and a similar
petition from the Corporation of Arbroath.
The Earl of LIMERICK said he was glad to perceive that the
Noble Lord altered his old notes, and instead of the "job of jobs,"
had changed to dead weight as a variety ; and he hoped, as the
Session advanced, the Noble Lord would become less metaphy-
Quid, and attend more to the statement of facts. Without mean-
ing any offence to the Noble Lord, he must take leave to say
that there never was any greater misrepresentation of facts than
that the Corn Laws were enacted entirely for the benefit of lend.

The Earl of KINCISTON presented a petition from the owners
and occupiers of land in the barony of Condons and ClartObbons,
in the county of Cork, praying their Lordships not to make any
alteration in the Corn Laws.
CURRENCY IN SCOTLAND.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE said he had a petition to pre.
sent from the burgh of Ayr against any alteration in the present
system of banking in Scotland. There never was a subject upon
which the people of Scotland or of any other country were so una-
nimous as the prastsuts and he would call upon their Lordahips
ta give the measure great consideration before ft was attempted
to be passed into a law. His Lordship then presented similar
petitions from Dundee, Dingwall, Elgin, Lauder, two from Jed.
burgh, one (rout Montrose, one from Leith, and another from
Lanark.

il general description ; large pier and chimney glasses
tcellent cabinet furniture; rosewood pier commodes,
Ips • a drawing-room suite of window curtains, chairs,
:ouelies ; two capital 1411-fset dwarf bookcases, with
bracket clock, dial, folding screen, pillar lamps, culi-
and numerous other at
ed this day and morrdng, of sale. Catalogues had
es; and of Al r. Rates Ns. 5,
/aWelbeck-street.
AND,RtitlaePsristßCTS,
Chide, Olga fr ast V illsnserausp„ond vinous
ep Articles, latpihroptpty of a Lady dtheased.
By 31r. W. P. MUSGRAVE,
nista, No. 15, Maida.hill, near Paddington, TO-
r and following Day, at 11, by direction of the
