iAtARTER RILL.

The Owler was read fur bringing up the Report on the Bank
Charter Bill.

.....
The Report u received. and the Bill read rt third time.

lewd E ,I,I..NBOILOUIiH avid he hvl not noticed the read-
ing of the 11111, or else lie would have disvented from it, for the
purprive of entering his protest, but he hoped the omission would
not deprive him of the right, to which the Earl ut. Livepool as-
stated.

Thsir Lordships then a:ljournett.

HOUSE OF C0:f310N.:,, TEE.3nAv, FEB. 28.

iftr.7s'Siuton bieltfirtt Trp errtnin papers frocn the Ofacs of the
Chief Secretary of Ireland.--Ordered in be printed.
fIANXS IN SCOTLAND.
31r. Draper, front the Treasury. brought up an account of the
rtumber of bankers In Scotland ; and certain papers relative to the
paper currency.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

from the House which the character and opinions of the petition-
ers entitled them to hope fur. It was gruifylng to see the Univer-
sity of Cambridge come forma* on such an °maim. He
felt great satisfaction In preserittng .such a petition (In the
sentiments of which he entirely concurred) from that seat
of learning at which the future legislators of the country
were to be educated, and which now declared iti opinion
that negro slavery was Inconsistent with the law of Eng-
land. From that University the teachers of religion would come
fotth to inculcate and to prove that slavery was equally Incompa-
tible with the principles of religion. The petition then before the
House guaranteed those results. No tworsimuld be so wild as to
advocate their immediate and sudden emancipation; but he thought
no injury could possibly follow front a gradual amelioration of
their condition, which was the object which the petitioners then
prayed for. Opposition had been made to the benevolent views of
the country with regard to the negroes by the colonists ; anti if
so
bumble nu iotlividual as himself could give them anything resent-
'blino advice. he would tell them that such opposition would be
fruitless ; that no opposition they could make would prevent that
measure of philanthropy from being eel-Tied into-complete effect; if
they persevered in that opposition they would draw down upon
themselves the execration of the country. a consequence which no
body of men, however numerous or powerful. could witness with
Intliffaenee. His Lordship then presented the petition, signed
by the chancellor, masters, and scholars of the University of OM-
bridge, praying. for the gradual abolition of slavery.
Similar petitions were presented by Sir W. Ingilby. from
Dodington, Bodycote, Lemon, and Brig ; by Mr. Dickenson,
from Glastonbury ; by Mr. Dugdale. from Atherston, in Warwick.
shire; by Mr.DnoClas, from the Merchants' Company of Leith. and
the Company of Tailors of Edinburgh ; by Sir C. Hurrel, from
Pontefract ; by Sir John Po:len, from South Shields; by Sir C.
Barrel. f-om Shoreham ; by Mr. Sykes, front Hunswortli ; by
Lord Milton, from Hammerton, Huddersfield, Saddleworth,
the Mayor, Corporation, and Inhabitants of Doncaster, Kcithey,
llobworth, Ilickenshaw, Kildersun, Gasenly, Buntsey, Heck-
niondwike, (Minerva'. Rothbury. and Merthyn, all situated in
Yorkshire: by Mr. Wells, from the Householders and Inhabitants
of Maidstone; by Mr. Denison, from Thames ninon; by Sir G.
ti-arrentler, from the Provost and Inhabitants of Haddington ; by
Capt. Gordon,-from. ; by Mr. Ellice. from Newcastle-upon-
Tyne; by Mr. Pelinah, from Whitahurch ; also from the Dia-
centers of Newport, in the Isle of %%right ; from Whitting-
ham, from Carlow. from St Ire, Cornwallij and from Waltham
Abbey, by Mr. Brorgliam.
FRIENDLY SOCIETItS.
Mr. GOSSETT presented a peti.ion from Mr. George Glennie,
in favour of Friendly Societies.
111 r. DICKINSON presented a petition (as we understood),
praying for a Committee to inquire into the present state of County
Rates.

SIERRA LEONE.
Mr. DICKINSON (we believe) moved for a return of the
luan•:.y of goad. imported into this country from the cr boy of
Cerra Leone, from the ath January, 1823, to the sth January,
1826.—Ordercd.

LEATHER TRADE.
Sir ROBERT SII A W presented a petition from the Leather
Manufacturers of Dublin. praying for a diminution of the duty
on leather.
RECOVERY OF SMALL DEBTS.
Mr. LEGH KECK presented a petition from several persons
in the hundred of Sparking, praying the interference of the
House for the more easy r.\•overyq of small debts.
CASE OF MR. FLINT.
Mr. C. KECK, on presenting a petition from this gentleman,
entered into the merits of his case at some length ; but front the
low tone of voice in which the Honourable Member spoke, his
observations were inaudible In the gallery. We understood him to
say that as the law relative to perjury. now stood, any individual
was open to the machinations of any wicked man, who for his own
interest was willing to sacrifice his conscience. He hoped to see a
Bill in the hands of the Attorney-General, which would provide
for the injury that often resulted from an Individual being arrested
for debt upon the single affidavit of a creditor. If the subject was
taken up by Government, he should feel happy ; but if not, he
would reel it his duty to bring it before the consideration of the
House. and it was front the present state of *began, that the peti-
tioner had sustained considerable loss, and now prayed the relief of
the I louse.—The petition was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
PAPER CURRENCY OF SCOTLAND.
Sir G. M'A RRENDER presented a petition from Haddington,
against any alteration in the paper currency of Scotland.
BANK OF IRELAND.
Mr. S. RICE moved for a return of all bank notes issued by the
Bank of Inland from the year 1825 to the year 1821, with a
copy of the precise words of all promissory notes issued during
that period, distinguishing those issued in Dublin and those issued
elsewhere.
