. . .
_ .. V
:Ix Ina rN Tx Lucin i. : ciSTIAO, OCT. 26. Already you have taken up your arms to march at die bead of his army in Spain, or ee,„, t
t.
People are extremely an ions about thsereeult "f rut (pert them-'aiready you abandon Fraaee,
tusear.kietoimpAilkzotrsopr.katufptahries,cowihu:lleini.ene I:ji tofu:
111 i
°TIEN BelaGH UAW which, for so loamy years, has seen you but for so that kiegdoiii. The arrival *ldle I:mei:. NZ:. ....-- '-; . the &et overtutes toward,. coned iatioe, which the
t.
87113-QVARTIIIIS LEWI.AnD, OCT. 947' two Emperors of Fiance and freueema. have made to few days : you depart, anti I know not what fear.
•- ' • .1 inspired by love, and tempered by hope, has dig- former paper, took plate on the at th. Tee pai.
Elie Roya Majesty hue received the folloseiog England: and it is wished that they may procure
fl
t rbed all our hearts. Yet we know full well, that Papers state that lie was to await in that oily
Report from Admiral Puke es-eest..,ei •ese.me . a. us a general peace. It is certuiu that the two
f,
tote se.
" His Ilajes:y's Rime Realty at each* In Couriers been Erfurth to London took ship at whereveru you are, you curry with you fortune and answer from England to the 1„,,!.05i•i- 'l
if
was reported, yesterday, that a ineseentei
Cariscoma-rose, Oct. 16, lima. Boulogne, fur England, on the .oth ; and it is evils victory.-The country aeentupanies you e ith as Eriftur.
~-__ is
" liseinejudeca it ueceseere tujusvezt, myself, the Pool- asserted that they have both returned to Colitis' rem et and its wishes ; it recommewle you toher
e
tioa in Rogerswiek, I proceeded thittor oil the 7th illation, brave children, who form your faithful legiome-
from their tisisaion to the Faiglish Goernment.- arrived, after a passage of less than three day fa, e
in company with the English ships of the line. 1 Sound that
the abide Hard= fleet had set sail; wills the exception of However this may be, these accounts Inure here, as Her wishes will be woomplished-all your soldiers Spain, with an account that a general action tin
two frigates, which hail lowered their lop-aallaut-insec.-- well as at Antwerp,' and other ports of the Ltsipire, swear upon their swerds to watch retied a head so
n
One of mew woo swan- use, hot dropped audio( an our ap Minted at very great sensation, and have produced a dear and so glohri.ol Ins, where
.s 0 many
.destinies:ree
s'breephaitsiliawf:aduss:hcotirleidenaleyrred‘m'iiAtteeoteriorde%w•aoi.eittiril„:te'll:::buteNti.ris;:ablut
•
not' 'be expected. to overcome him when
proseh. She probably ?atm:sled to sail op the Hay of
Fla- remarkable fall iii the price. of colommiel produce, and Pose•-ssire• the •ad that has led amu froM mica- Spaniards, lead, In company write the other frimate, which ensed also a rise of the public funds. de to miracle, to the summit of human grandeur,
inforced by NaIsoLEON, and time temps fur alo . ti
rawly to set Pail. A large triple lay an gilded in the Bliy,
ST. PCTEII.IItItcH, OCT. 8. will abandon neither Francs. nor Europe, which a
she was dismasted, sad no prnou could be discovered 041
board." The Court Gazette of the sth and loth ,entsiii, yet, fur so long a time, *Made in need of you." time pouring towards Spain ; whose actual
o. A
nonce may probably have been delayed, fert n
Intelligerice has been received. that about the very full details with respect to the last victorious His MAJESTY replied-
operation* of our troops iu Finland, owlet the c - "Gelalettleits President and_ Dep. 0.67. of die. pnrp,oese ofgivieg atnitoke:ek:Atht,:ersidio.ttafrrrred:ioinnftitowtr.yaliehir.:;.4,l;isils:a; ay
13th inst. the Russian garrison in Also *remelted to
about 1000 men, and that in the vicinity of the mend of General Bei:o(min'. After uncommonly Legislative Body, sae duty and my inehuatione debutßoLeadi)h.,esa,:_eliteecrhullptyo,fitirßd li
town several batteries have betel constriteted. 'in -bloody fatties, the Swedes were driven out of lead me to share the dangers of any soldiere. We
r
ii
the action near licking, the litisehiii furce ammounted %Vasa, amid Old and New ea.rleby, and time whole are mutually rieceemetry.-My return to my cep -
does not materially differ front the extracts seven :.
to 7009 men, who are now quartered iu die ad- province of Wasa hasher', subjected to the Russian tel shall be speedy.-1 think little of fatigues, alien I
Curer:noted. The mutiny of Field Marshal filings. they can contribute to immure the glory and gran- L
jacetit villoges.-(aleekhohn, fief. 27.) se papers some date ago, yet certuilds soap;;,;
—.es._ papa, which consisted of Iti,ooo reguhers, and many deur of Fiance. I rectwase, iu the solicitude you
steatvieorimisl,tiiimeewunueundBinveeiory.iamndpotritiaenutp::oreiiiiietnsio'llir'
of
1,
PROM THE DUTCH PAPERS. - armed le ors, has been diminished to 9,uuth By express, the love you bear me.-I, thank you for s. •ea es I
sea; the Husshins, under Admiral Masdejedlow, it." (
YAW, ore. efi.
BAYON/Ilei OCT. 11. Usurper, expelled from •Portugel, driven Mum
_ deacoennepplotieyr oi
ibf:Speptmwima,iinu.,.ei
aaolteinddhcoibsnydscisia:nouyuars:eir.,tast
Hothfeesiiii,eisvar:stic:
Yesterdey His MaSi.-ty the Entiwror and King hIY" acquired ilea. laurels' I lis Majesty'ebrig Orestes, commanded by I.ieut. a
-.............
t
went in great state to time Peltier of the Legislative
Monier, Mt-teller cif the Legioh of Honour, which
PAR IS P A PERS. e
Bed,', in order to open the Sitting. /Ls Majesty sailed from the port ou the .sth July last, returned
addressed the Assembly as fmiows:- PAW*, OCT. ‘29. quisite to begin by assuri his people, at a tn. I
on thead inst. with a cargo of coffee, and after hay-
ng
t
Rusty:as, the Deputics of ►the Departments Yestenley, at noon, the Emperor liine scatted ;11 Mg emptured three English vessels on her passage. tnent when he is probably about to exert fire
to Me Leg:2ll6re Rod), lesTintine, surrounded by the Princes, (fraud 011 i-them new and severe pecuniary sacrifices, that i
The Casette published by the Insurgents at Ma- 1
" The code of hews, le} Ma down the principles of cers, and Officers of his Hotteehold, the Miaietere, " shall stand in nerd of no new loans;" an instill.
Arid, gives min account of the engagemetit at Vi-
isroaerty, mind of civil freemlein, which forme the stile- Nleitibers of the Seuate, and Codicil of State, nlmich, in another farm, he meats at the close i
inis.ra,in Portisgel. This Newspaper, which is writ-
ject of your labour., will be iv:opted so the stani- . teem-heel at tire Paluee of the Tltudleries a Devil- ten under the iisfluence of the En liar suys in ex, his harauglie. It it,intYheexceLeteolUmaieutlc'ion:lritki'outhostl a 1
meat of Europe. aly 'people already experieuce 'whin of the Legislative Bods . e
press terms that the battle was net ilei isite. This au- pots hypothetically, i
• the most salutary effects from them. Time Deputatinn tieing uslinitted to the (hot ef Europe agaimat Frunce," at it time when he nee i
tttttt nees,what the Convention eonelnded with Gen. " The late.t laws have laid the foutuletimen of our time Throne, hie Excelleimcy the Coma de Peutunes, 4
Lions the Emperor of RUSSIA as licalterailly units
Junnt had already proved, that the English are far syitern of finance. That is il monument of the the Preeident, pronoullecel the, following Address : 1
front harine bream victorious, as they boast of being with him, either for war or peace. Proceeding ' • might anti greatness of Ennice. We shall helices If liras-The Leoeete., Body lays et ) „ls Meehis' 'Address, lie eonsieseends to dwell en "ti •
in their official reports. 1
e.s. forward be able to meet the teeweiliture which jesty's feet, the Address of Thanks voted by all A band of Insurgents, of the environs of Vuleneia union of the French Meaty," es contrasted with tl
is. •
Night ho rendered noses air, even by a gener'd time French people as well so by them. preceding anarchy ; and this tiger, perrniaed e
entered Madrid about the lwginning of October. coalition of Europe, limn our yearly income alone.
" The patersiel semi:melte commie-if in time These peisants, who observe no diecipline whatrio- Providewee, no doubt for wise purposes, to ,
Never *hall wr be reduced to twee recourse to
Speech you have delnwred from the Throne, hive ever, gave themselves tip to every kind of excess.
'vest Europe into a vast charnel-Immune, in order 1 I
r- the fatal expedietrts crimper ountees, of leans, or of
anticipations of revenue. tfidtused throughout, lose nnil o.e.t ituile. ,
e They pluatle.ied eeveral parte of the towe, and it
u The tiro of Captains sires something more was with the utmost difficulty that they could at consolidate his criruival enterprises, insults 14
audience by depicturing..the felicity which h 1
.. I have, in the present year, laid out more than
heroic amid elevated than victory-Yes, Sae, toe length be prevailed upou to set oil' for what is term- feels 'at dispensiimg happiness to France. ir • a thousand miles of road. Tile meatem of wry' ks lnise it from your own mouth : there is an noilio- ed time active army acknowledges his obligations, with pious gra
which I hoe established far the iluprosement of my wore powerful and venni/item time that of Great preparation& are making at the Castle of tude, to that Supreme Providence which has i"
our territory, will be carried forward with zee!.
miuse-it is the authority which is losiii.!,ll mein alarrac, fer time reception of His Imperial Majtetv seired the English with such a spirit of folly, .
0 The prospect of t
ie great French family, lately,
hie honouriug no with 'lesion, cud error, AS to impel them to send a ant good laws and national institutions. Th.. codes Hopes are entertained here of
Pis . torn to pieces by opiions amid intestine niticour,
1
which yew wisdom dictated will extrema further his presence in time course of next mouth. tury force into Spain. But he omits to !mini
,
but now proepereas, tranquil, amid united, has than your conquests, and reign without effort over that a portion of those troops had vanquished im I
affected my coal in a remarkable manlier. I hare CONlNSisaiglaci, aFFT. '24.
twenty different nations, whose benefactor you mire. General in Portugal ; nor does he think it rem i
e.
Yesterday the King set out front this city Lir •
felt that. is order to be ham7y, I skr,j,i, in dir fir ,ir ti The Legislative Bud; ought, above all, to et. site to state, that the Geaeral himself was sires I
place, be assured that Frallre ICUs happy. Memel. His Majesty is goiug to inspect the naili-
lebrata thee, peaceful triumphs, which art lever sent back to Rochelle, with the first dim ision of la
i
tary posts established along the coast, and oleo the I
" The Peace of P."l"trii, dint or Til.ii, the el- followed Lot by the blessings of the human race. army. The menace of .. crowning JOStell at YI
oat& of Copenhagen, the plans of Englaect weitiest defensive prepuratious which are. usakieg in the i
" Lee isiation and time Finances-it is um that drift" is fp:curate, but we see no allusion to Li i
all nations on the ocean, time different revolutions at ports.
that run own duties are eoutiiiee, amid it is from you hum It is ou the forts of Spain that he threat
Constantinople, the affairs of Spain and Portugal, we have received that double benefit, We were highly astonished to learn here the Karr, in various ways, exercised an influence Oil the rumours which were lately spread at Berlin, relative to plant his eagles. Portugal lie very justly co
affairs of the world. " 't o you was it given to re-discover sotial order
tinder time wreck of it vast Einfmire, mei to re-rata- to the pretended augmetitation of our treope.- eider* as a mere , orollary to this great profile
and as a country that will full of itself, whenev•
" Rewsia amid Denmark have united with me Fur Cum having been reinforced, the army
Wish time fortune of the State in the midst of the
r . ....pipit* Eugland. hiss ' Jour,, is haunt orated at "ssNiailrid, and quire
really suffered a considerable diminution, as tine
soloed on his new throne. It is entertain* t„ ,
ravages of ;see.
• " The United States of Amnia* home rather soldiers of the disbunded regiments hare, for the
" You have created, as you have every thiegserve, that lie speaks of ALEXANDER and Ilium;
those i V) abandon coulee:rye and the sea, 'titan to most part, been sent buck to their cantons. Besides,
• Isessides, the true elements of the system of Finaace. as delegates and representatives of one Ituedi
• acknowledge their slavery. every timely knows that there are several regi- ei, Tint system, the most proper for great Monarchies, Ini.ollll of Well. blow many they respectively C.
" A part of my army has marched against that menet here, of which there is no more remaining than is sr nple and fixed us the principle that goverais preemie. we are not informed; but undoubteel
which England has formed iu Spain, or has dieein- the Offieers and. petty Officers. Government I:as ,e
firm-lt is not sustaiued ity those artificial memos le AroLEON, who speaks for the French, italics
barked. It is a distiuguished favour of that Provi-
anti even dispensed us this
:year from registering the which have all the inconstancy of tniinions dof and Germane, must be enusidered us infinite
demo, which has constantly prntected our units, horses fit for time service, as was formerly done every eveuts-lt is imperislud•le sus the riches or our soil. superior in .1 moral, no less than in a political, tsar
that passion basso fir blinded the English Comm- : year. In tine, the pretended army, former! in l'o-
.. If sometimes difficult circumstances reinterof view, to the Imperial delegate of the Sameyett
cite, that they abandon the defeece of the seas, and uterania, consisted, in August, of 1:i15 itifin.try,
nee tuxes necessary, thoee taxes, always propor.the Catieucks, and the Kainechatdules. ALE
est last proiluce their army ou the Coatilient. . 431 cavalry, and ;17e. artillerymen. 'these troops horsed to that necessity, do not exceed the dues- ' ANDSIC, indeed, .though ostensibly eotisiderrd
ii I deport in a few days to put myself in persondo not suffice for the eimple militury posts which
don of it. The future is not devoured before- the Corsican Tyraut in his speeches es an eq
at the head of my army, amid, with Gusts bele, to ' time tuaintemuce of the police requires along time , , hand. We shall see no more, lifter years of glory, amiu as a tree agent, is et elently treated ua t •
crown the King of Spain in Madrid, and to plant border* of the sea. The men absent upon furlough
athe State sunk under the weight of time public on the co-operation and subservience of w e
my Eagles on the forte of Spain. were ordered to join their corp.', which raised each
• • * side, anti banknipteys followed hy revolutions,counsels lie may, securely, IVA well ae contidetal.
• , •• I have only to praise time sentiments of time battalion from 100 to lea or leo men : thus each
ivy. open an ally. in which thrones and society itself i That operation he naturally repels as h
- Princes of time Coisfederatimi of the Willie, battalion is now hardly equal to an ordinary cons- • , are entirely hest.
.. Switzerland experiences snore and more the be-
nefit,' of the Act of Mediation. " There miseries are far from us.-The receipts lianY.
METZ, OCT. 10. in); been completed at Erfurt. But, respect'
Amnia', and even Prussia, he observes • prof a
I. . mil the expenditure.-The present burdens will silence. They were not present at the late nit
" The people of Italy give me ground* for nos,
:lot be angineuted ; and you give 1111 this assurance A park of artillery, and four regiments el tiro- • . .
. view ; and he well knows how to appreciate, m f
}moue, forming part of the Grand Army which is
se thine but expressions of satisfaction.
at the moment when other States are exhausting
.. The Emperor of Maisie arid myself have had
all their resources.-When You immolate your going to tight in Spain, have just passed though our doe time lie means, no doubt, exemplerily t
pitniali, their absence from those conferences.
I its • these *cambers were
in with the saute
au interview at Li•furtli. Our first thought was. it
own happiness, the happiness of the people assn- ' ' . ' Never, since this revolutionary Emperor mei
thought of peace. We hare even iesolved to more enthusiasm as their brothers in struts, who had pre-
, pies your who's soul.-It was affected with the on the supreme authority of the State, extingui
some sacrifices, in order to enable the hundred mil- ceded theca.
aspect of the Grand Family (for thus you call ed the Republ;e, a .d eveutuully 'laced liimusoll
Born of men whom we represent, if possible, the
Francea and though sure of its utmost *devoted- .".'-'.-."....".-.."tt.--......."'-"."--
-77: • -77.7";"4---',...,„"- - ~-.-...5. - the Throne of the Buctisoes, las he raised to
sooner to enjoy the benefits of the comtneree ofTliE In-IiTISH 11)
nesse you offer peace at the head of a million of - rL.r.: a . alarming end anxious a predicament, :is in Noce,
the wets. Ire are agreed, turd unchangeably mailed,
es well for peace a: fur war. invincible warriors. ~...
-------------- leer, ISOa. He kiwis* it well, and fully steel!
.. MarieltelLe DEPCTICS-•--I have ordered my Mt
. -
.. It is with this genee LONDON, nus design that you saw tie ful gulf that lie has unadvisedly opened .
raster* of Finance, arid of the Geeeral Treasury, to
the Emperor of Russia. Hitherto, when Sovereigns WEDNESDAY, NovaRRER 9. his own feet ; a gulf, which sicklier the alliance
•
so powerful approucheil each other from the ex- -....--- Reside, nor the siecleinatious of • prostitute as..
lay before you an account of the reeeipt and ex-
tremities of Europe, all the neighbouring States We have been for some days mu possession of bly, named by himself, nor the roar of eamm,ii.
penditure of die year. You will therein see, with
were in alarm. Sinister and menacing presages • Paris Paper of the 91st last, annourecing Ni- the exhibitions of pageantry and epletulomir, lee ti
adisfactiots, that I have Wit felt it necessary to in- were
hypocritical ant. .iiii,mull appeals to K l'lol,l,tii
accompanied their grand interviews. The two rotion's departure front Rambouillet on the 30th. li i crease the tarif with any impost. My people shall
.. first Ilosarelis of the world unite their etundurde, ee'e yesterday received woe Dutch Papers to the I whese name be uses fur purposes of delEsi", c.
• experience no new burden.
not to invade, hut to pacify time world. „ Speakers ad instant, containing time Copy of his Speech to ever doge ! It is only in Spain that he call rat'
"' .'"e of ray Council of Slats a''' :ii " Sire, your Majesty has pronounced the word the Legislative Body, which we have waived ; and the dtliberationi of Erftirth. Hite fail in his
submit to you many plans of hove, and among
sacrifices, and we dare say to your naivety, tied we have also received Paris Papers to the auth last, tempt to ',lace Jointru on the throne, ALENASO
'h."' all those which have retail" to the emu., " l code. word completes all your triumphs. Certusimly the containing the Answer of the Legislative Body, and slid HOICui UIZOW will only see in !d a eauguirs
lul
nation aidies do more than yourself fur those so- his Reply. The Ammer is in tlir usual strain of adventun.r, polluted with crime, mad worthy
'i " I rely constantly on your co-operation."
cakes that wouel injuie their glory amid 3ooirs; adulation. Ile is described as the very reverse of universal reprobation. But NeruLEON is ti
• ' • . His iateieety's speech escitei the mute betty
but there wits but one means of increasing your I' his real character. This modern Skit° is extolled merely great in the field of bottle, his versatile
emotion, and the Sitting was elo-ed under repeated
',meteor, it was to moderate the use of it. You au a NUNIA-41iis disturber of the repose of the leant, awl his subtle mind. Withal by the ""le " acelanistitess of Long lire Me Emperor! Tile mine k
)1;• - •
mnanifeited in the streets thrometi
•
. • .•'' 7 N, al +sty passee.
! is tie anis I base shown tie the (spectacle of force
. whites subdues world_. is hehil forth its the
.chaturio_n ofr.its
,sessa.7- City ..1* 't'
L,
._ 1
thowill.,UoiirqUaeSrut:4o,lMinlilory :lie;
ware' • - 1 every thing, amid you reserve toe its a more ex- awl prosperity. APOLIiON a reply to tote *lavish
, .
' - *here of Cunt Romance: 0T; 27.
beloved. , s oug 1 ' --'
It i th 1t it Excelknev will
elk,-...rasyre-.ex.petALuLeili:SCAtniatti:
.._ . .
traorclinctry spectacle, that afore, miliduiiitc 'Nor. and base paisegyric iii very laconic-he thaLke the insure, if not a triumphant, at
tiets.isnt mi,, ..-t: r,...:,.:
.is im- " A hostile pimple, it is true, levier,' to retmird Legislative Body for their lore, and promises that from time entererise in ss
when
.1.1.,;,.... • ,
..,
this lest glorr--They !Live deecended upon the he shall soon retort) to Paris. It is therefore sib- -At the very moment • i .
~ '
:: ~
Continent at the voice of discord anti of factionsi--.. mourn that he either does pot mean to put himself Earope, that tie is about to pot him se. ...
..‘iiiritit the intoWer of EneimadMist capital.
1
